THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. March 9, 1804.
We stated in one of our numbers a few days
ince, that although the suspension of the writ
of ITibeas Corpus had left ample authority with
the Government in the interest of the public
m'ety to proceed against obnoxious persons,
whose conduct had given aid and comfort to
th? public enemy, and materially damaged, and
more materially jeopardized the cause of the
Confederacy, nevertheless" we were of opinion
that no steps would be taken against snch per
sona for any past act of whicH the public was
inpormed. We stated at the time that this was
only our opinion that it had not, and could not
have any foundation in anything we had heard,
or knew" from any official source. Indeed it was
unnecessary for us to hare thus qualified the
expression of our opinion, for no one could
presume for a moment that we would haTe bee
entrusted vtith any information as to the pur
poses of the Government. We based cur
opinion ettirely upon our observation bf the
forbearance of the President, and our convic
tion that he and his counsellors would be' averse
to proceed sgaiost any citizen, utiless upon the
demand of some absolute necessity. We had
heard too, frora what appeared to us to be well
founded reasons, that both the President and
Governor Vance had been urgently pressed to
proceed against persons who had seriously com
promised themselves by conduct transcending
any liberty of speech or of the press, which
had rendered them justly liable to Governmental
interference. When we expressed this opinion,
we based it too, upon the expectation that
citizens of North Carolina, when warned of the
dang?rou3 tendency of a certain course of
action, would retrace and recover the4r true
attitude of a proper allegiance, by using their
influence to arret the effect of their teaching
and example, and tLat by this means, the in
jurious excitement in the State would subside,
and the Government would be left untrammelled
to prosecute the war; if not aided, at least un
opposed. In this reasonable expectation, it
seems the public have been disappointed; and
th'j evidence is abundant that a secret and more
dangerous system is being pursued, helped on
by the open defiance which Mr. Holden has
thrown d )wn, by announcing himself a candidate
with 4,the principles at;d views" which he has
heretofore published, and to which he has given
tho name of conservatism "after the straitest
sect." It is ii'jthinj that Mr. Holden has abused
the Adtniuistratiou nothing that he has time
and agtin denounced its motives and cond-uct.
This he was free to do. It was only a question
lor his own decision, how far he would allow
political opposition to interfere with prudent
demeanor in time of National peril. It is noth
ing either (except fur the circumstances of the
c:i3c) that Mr. Holden becomes a candidate,
and introduces into the State a political contest
which cm be productive of no good. All this
is nothing at all so far as any obligation to the
Government is concerned, or so far as auy in
terference from the Government might be ex
a:ted. P.uttlicnj aro peculiar circumstances con
nected with Mr. Holden's movement, and with
the acttoj of tlu.'se who are' combined with
li i in in tliu movement, which make this -act
of his and theirs a defiance and a danger
whih may require the interposition of the
Government t- arrest an evil already full of
liiisukd" and each day of increasing1 danger.
Lat Summer, Mr. 11-ddin had instigated
a:ui encouraged a series of public meetings,
professedly in the interest of peace, but m:tn-ife.-uly
of disaffection to the warned hostility
tu its prosecution with a view to enter upou
some negotiation with the enemy outside of
and independent of the Confederate Go em
inent. Mr. Holden published these meetings in his
paper some of which openly favored a re
union with the Federal Government and a
re-adopt ion of the United States constitution,
lie published these proceedings -without ells
ifpproval at the time, and thereby disclosed to
the enemy an interior disaffection, which he
exaggerated by denunciation of a threatening
character, lie thus encouraged the enemy to
continue his invasion, and produced large
numbers of desertions from our army, by de
pressing our soldiers and discontenting them
with the .service.
t ' e. ., , , v, .
Shoitly aucr the elections for Co-igrcss in
, .. .. , . .. . , , ,
the bs,t fall, he instigated and encwriged a
new set of meetings, of a more excititu:, more
disaffected and more defiant ch: racter. with
the avowed object of pressing upon the
Governor a call of tho Legislature, in order
to rocure a Convention, by which North Car
olina, in a sovereign capacity, by separate
action, was to open negotiations for peace.
Th?S2 meetings can be traced to his origi
nation they fulfilled his plan by denunciations
ut'oiir Government as tyrannical and despotic,
they stigma'ized its action, passed and pro
bable, and invited resistance thereto through
thff sovereign power of the State. The more
effectually to prepare the public mind, for the
intended novementin Convention, he announ
ced in tho Raleigh Standard, of the 17th of
January " That if the war should continue
44 for 12 months longer, slavery in tho States
4i would be rttterly destroyed. That peace
" could never be oDtained a long as we con
; tend for Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri and
" West Virginia. That the State w old not
44 submit to suspension by Congros of the
44 writ of habeas corpus, or to a law censcrip
44 ting citizens from 16 to 50."
lie further published on the 2nd of Febuary
" That such a Convention could treat or do
44 anything else that any one State could de-"
i rnand terms for herself, and her co-states,
" and would take from the enemy the very
44 best it could get. That a Convention- con-
stantly in session, could act fer the State
14 as a sovereign ; make terms in the last re
44 sort, and thus preserve the State from cx
4 tinctiou." All this he said in substance
f In order to "familiarize the public mind
with this project, ne uenouucea me vjroveru
rhent as a despotism the chief magistrate as
a cKctiatof -repeatedly threatened the secession
of the State under snch language as, "that
she would fait back on her sovcreingnty that
she would withdraw the key stone and tum
ble down the arch' that "she would'1 take
her affairs into her own hand' and even
went so fai as to publish the writing? of in
dividuals, which declared that forbearance to
our Government was no longer a virtue, and
resistance ought to be begun, find ihe more
obnoxious resolutions of the meetings he had
invited that the war is unholy, disapproved
by God, and unjustifiable by christian men.
All this he published ; and it is believed -caused
his papers to be sent from his office, to
disloyal persons, in the lines of the enemy
.thus furnishing to our foes additional encour.
agemeut to inyade cur people and ta-strength-en
their forces, the more effectually to overrun
our State and bring her into subjection to the
Federal authority.
And now, in support of his teachings and
carrying out a latter counsel from him, Pe
titions are in circulation in some of the mil
iary departments, among the soldiers, as wyll
as among the citizens, to continue theressurs
for this Convention for the purpose-he has set
forth.
And the more efficiently to a-id and advance
this injurious and perilous undertaking, Mr.
Holden has defiantly announced himself a
candidate for Governor on these " principles
and views" which fce declares his purpo-e
to maintain and establish. Without this agi
itation which his attitude stimalates and
spreads, the State would, be calm there
would be no party strife," and the public would
repose in quiet, so far as intestine strife is con
cerned. y IIow far the Confederate Government will
allow this dangerous agitation to proceed, we
cannot tell. It is not for us to say. The
above is a faithful narrative of our dangers.
Every day disclopes from the pies of our
enemies, and here injiur midst, the inc: easing
perils f this agitation. Wo' wish we could
reach Mr. Holden with friendly advice him
and his asoeiatcs, whom we could now name
whom we may yet be obliged to nam; -and
rescue them and ourselves from the evils which
their course is daily engendering. -
The Diabolical Fiendish Plot.
We invite the public attention to the pur-,
pose of the Yankee Raiders in their late move
on Richmond, as tlisclosed by the papers
found on the body of the Culonel command
ing, Dahlgiecn. It outrages all rules of hu
manity, and surpasses in atrocious design ail
the pieviou LarLariti' of our SAV2 26 foo.
The intent was to burn Richmond, lavage
the country, kill the President and Cabinet
and lay in waste and ruiu the homes of de
fenceless citizens.
It is said that the prisoners taken have
been immured in solitary cells. We await
the action of the Government in the disposi
tion of these bloody villains. Too much praise
cannot be awarded to our bold defenders.
Matched against dreadful odds, they assailed
the enemy, prevented his movements, harasseel
his forces and defeated his enterprise. Es
pecially .dij-tinguished for his bold and useful'
conduct, was Col. Bradley T. Johnston arid
his command, the Maryland Line. Full ac
counts haye been given of the gallant actions
of this heroic officer and his followers. Col.
Johnston has added to a long career rf hun
orable anel valuable service this crowning
achievement.
We have been informed, that two compa
nies of the 5th North Carolina Troops, while
on picket duty, several miles from support,
were Surrounded by a force of two er more
thousand, and were forced after a severe stru a-
if
gle, to surrender. After being taken, many
suceeeded in effecting their escape, and the
enemy being too close pressed t be able to
carry off the prisoners, were obliged, to dis
charge them without parole.
If anything were wanted to satisfy Gov.
Vance anel the public of an immediate levy
of all persons, who can be spared from home
usefulness, the above statement should do so..
JfC Let our home offices be filled, by men of
, . , , , . J ,
age let old magistrates do the duties and send
let old magistrates do the duties and send
to the army all. Fill up the army. The
salvation of the country requires it !
Extra Session of the Legislature.
It is supposed that the Governor will be
under the necessity of convoking the Legisl
ature in extra session, in order to provide for
certain contingencies which have arisen under
the passage of the Currency and Tax Bills.
The public need apprehend no dangr of any
step being taken with success, to revive the
Convention agitation. So far as the Conven
tion is concerned, it is as dead as a hammer
and only the ghost of agitation now walks the
earth, in the figure of a candidate for Gov
ernor. The Legislature will have other busi
ness to do, and but little lime to accomplish it,
before the time of taking care of their own
bacon will require the members at home.
For fear, however, that some agitator may
revive the strife of folly, we shall republish
to-inorrow the able communication from the
late files of our paper, over the signature of
44 AiJicus." It disposes of the dangerous
heresy of calling a Convention by a majority
vote, in a.style both masterly and convincing.
Escaped Prisoners. We learn that twenty
two prisoners made their escape from the train
on Sunday night, en route from Richmond
South. They will probably pass themselves
off as Union emissaries, and the loyal public
should be on their guard, and watch out for
all such characters. " They will be engaged in
mischief, and their arrest should be especially
looked after.
I
Mr. Holden's Card.'.,
Iln the
oi himself as a can lidato for Governor of
Kirth Carolina, against the present incum
ber t, Governor Vane , Mr. Holden finds, no
ne ressity for any accusation against his ahtago
ni, and does not deem it at all important, to
8efortb any peculiar merits of his own, nor
tossign auy reasons why the Governor should
be justed and he chosen to supply his placx.
Hejimits his claims to the simple assertion
" Ms' principles aml views as a Conservative
AFTa the strailest sect, arc well known to the
people of the State." 44 After the straitest
sect' This is not an original phrase, and does
not retend to be. In the ead it be:ir3 the
i
j quotation marks, which -we have italicized,
j The quotation is a scrip'oral one, and though
not entirely accurate, is perhaps as near to ac
curacy as politicians who employ scripture
for their purposes arc in the habit of attaining.
If anyone, however, cm fiad fault with the
inaccdacy in the quotation,' no pn? will pre
tend tt question the appropriateness of the
stlcctiai for the character to which it was to
be appied. The full quotation we believe to
be : VA'f er most the straitest sect of our religion,
I livedo "Pharisee." Tho people then are to
be confcut with this brief manifesto. It is all
they nri to get in the way of cause, reason, or
excuse, vhy an exciting and injurious agita
tion is tc he conticued in the State.
It is well knotvn, that two years ago Mr
Holden first brought Governor Vance before
the public. It is further known, that )iq ad
vocated jhis election as the Conservative
candidate. . It is further known, that during
the perioe of Gov. Vance's term to the present
time iMr. IIoklen has claimed him as the true
and faithful representative of that party " after
the straitest sect" of which Mr. Holden
professes t) be now living.
NotwitLstanding all this without so much"
as even vouchsafing a question of Governor
Vance's fitiess, orthodoxy, or claim upon the
44 conservative party " Mr. Holden hastens
to throw himself in ihe way, to'defeat Guv.
Vance, without so much us even allowing1
him a knowledge of his fault. To any one
not acquainted with Mr. Holden's peculiar
mode of doing things, this would be consider
ed an unceremonious, unreasonable, and rather
unfriendly ccmonstracion. If it be true, as
we have heard from frequent rumors, that
the Con federate G verntnent, having been
attracted to the injury Mr. Holden ' was in
flicting upon the national came by his sedi
tious and elislyal practices as a public jour
nalist, had determined upon his arrest, and
was stayed from doing so by the solicitation
of Gov. Vance, then there wiil be added to
this rather rule opposition to a personal and
political friend, some quantum of ingratitude
tOWaills a bononwt&r.
4ft
We know nothing of any facts in this mat
ter, at d do not pretend to vouch, any truth
iu the matter: but if it be true why, then,
ever since the elay that E.sop wrote ot the
husband man.-vhe put something' frozen by
the fire, people have had a definite idea of
this kind of conduct.
For our own part, not being of -the, house
hold ot any party, we afe only interested in
the matter in so far as evry loyal, true lover
of hi" country is interested, to s e agitation
stifled, and political partyism held down, un
til war is terminated in the land, and liberty
anil their own government are secured to our
people.
Anel we wonder so long as no opposition
was brought out against Gov. Vance by those
whom Mr. Holden has denounced as a party
called 44 destructive" why. whit earthly rea
son there can be for Mr. Holden's thus attack
ing a favorite of his own creation, and insti
tuting another party contest in our midst.
We 'had thought that this 44 killer and maker
alive" of his fellows, confined, this employ
ment toimes. of peace, forgetting in eur in
nocence that so slight an affair as war, is not
permitted to interfere with imperial pasiimes.
Further on toe Card.
44 My principles and views as a Conservative
"after the straitest sect," are well known to
44 the people of the State. Those principles
44 and views are what they -1iavc been. They
44 will not be chauged." W W. Holden's Card.
We readily comprehend now, the reason why
the 44 principles and views " are not more dis
tinctly set forth. The idea of any one man, in
any given titae, within any living age, with
any known quantity of stationery in the Con
federate States, to undertake to define, set
forth and manifest the 44 views and principles"
of Mr. .William W. Holden, candidate for Gover
nor, is, in tbejudicial language of Chief Justice
Pearson, an 44 indecent spectacle " of an attempt
at impossibility. .
44 Wern't you born iu the middfe of the
week ? " said a wag to a cross eyed stranger.
44 1 don't know ; why do you ask the question ? "
44 Because, " said the questioner, " you seem to
me to be always looking both ways for Sunday."
A look both ways for the 44 principles and
views "of our Gubernatorial candidate, would
discover a very small modicum of an infinite
variety. - ,
As well attempt ta track an old Fox, colored
44"Silver Grey, " by a long course of years, and
a near approach of death, through hts many
twist3 and turns, his hidden caves and holes, as
to ferret out the "principles," to say nothing of
the 44 views" o this shrewd old politician of
twenty odd years date.
They are what they have been. "They will
not be changed." Changed ! what need is there
of-change?.. If variety is wanted there is
color for any taste. If clothing be desired,
there's a garment for any fit. It is an honest
outburst, this vain and unsophisticated pledge
that there will be no more 44 chasoe." To one
complexion we havecome at last. .As we are
known 44 as a Conservative of the straitest sect,"
so let us be judged. .So says Mr. Holden. and
to the public judgment upon the plea of his
own making we commit him. It is due to him
to say, that what of stability he has lacked here
tofore, seems at last to have been concentrated
in that conservative defiance of his own Govern
ment, and negotiation with the foe, which has
made him an object of home distrust and Yankee
adulation.
rroof.
We d-j-not think Mr. Holden and his co
adjutors are" aware of how strong a c-ise the
Government can make against them.
see t . - r
Let us
o
H has denounced to the soldiers the gov
ernment they are serving, as a despotism
fast hastening to subvert their rights, and
destroy their freedom, and sacrifice their fam
tiies That desertions from the army have
resulted from this teaching.
That he has dischved to the etjemy, by the
publication of meetings, circulars of others,
and his own editorials, a serious hostility to
our Government, and an undue desire for
peace to be obtained by whelly illegitimate
means.
That he has announced the Tight of the
State to refuse submission to the constitu
tional acts of Government, even to secession
from the Confederacy and' has urged the
call of a Convention, threatening the Gov
ernment in certain contingencies to carry this
right into execution. ;
That he has proposed to the army, and the
people, to disrupt the Confederacy, to for
sake a portion of our Confederate allies and
give them over to the enemy, by abandoning
Kentuekj, Missouri and West Virginia
thereby dipaffecting the soldiers ot those States, -exciting
their apprehensions, and. endanger
ing their allegi a nee .-
Th.at he has expressly stated to private in
dividuals, that the object ;of this Convention
was to make terms with the enemy, by a sepa
ration from the Confederacy.-
That-an official, one of hi most strong ad
vocates, whohelds a high office iu th( State,
has stated the above to be the intention of the
purposed Convention and that he was for
secession, anel for the Convention for that pur
pose. That he .and this otficinl have sought to
operate upen persons in this (Wake) county,
to get up meetings fot th;s purpose, and that
both of them have, to soldiers, elenounced tha
prevention of the war, elenounced the Gov
ernment, and stated that the ohly way to get
peace was by the 44 separate action of North
Carolina in Convention.""
Is Mr. H.'lden retentive of every word he
has tittered every line he has written ? Are
his coadjutors ? Are they ' unmindful of the
danger of these intended combinations? Do
they forg-.t that the Government has access
to information ? That in their own counsels
they may be betrayed -that there may be even a
stronger cae in tho possession of the Govern
merit than that which avo have stated?
If they have a conseienco satisfied of i s
own clear purpose; if t ey are fearless of
inv stigation. If they still, after thought
and reflection, h.ll continue, f i s.-lhNh and
patty ends, to stir up dissensions, awaken
strife, and ke p alive agitation :
If they, slid seeing ihe well-grounded appre
hensions of the loyal citizens f f this State, of
other.Statcs, :tnd of the Government, are ele
termined to brave an issue and measure strength
with our people and the authorities then
Mr. Holden will continue in his course, a;sd
his coadjutors will stand up to him.
But, if calm reflection, an observation of
all the points, mere thorough information,
shall satisfy them of the impolicy, the inju
rious tendency, and the great hazard to the
public welfare of their cnntlnueel agitation
theu Mr. Jlolden will iu a manly .and patriotic
manner withdraw, and confessing his error
will reunite his abiliiie and devotion in sup
port of the National cause.
A future of well diiectel effort to sustain,
advance and encourage the success' of the
na'tion, will go a long way to efface the past
and a name on the roll of honr. as a u.-eful
defender of the country, u ill be a heritage
richer than the eliamonds of Golconela more
precious than all the posts of distinction
though they were laid successive at his feet.'
Illustration. .
The present attitude of Mr. Holden ti wards
Gov. Vance, reminds us of an incident that
either fell under our observation, or that we
have hvard, or read about, we are not sure
which :
Happening to pass a hotite on the sido of a
street in , the person passing was at
tracted by. an unusual noise indoors; where
upm he stopped and, knocking at the door,
which was ajar, it opened, and he eliscovered
a very tail, stout woman, and a short, thick
man, who turned out to be husband and wife,
engaged in actual pugilistics. The stout wo
man had the short man's head under her arm,
with his neck bent and slightly squeezed, as
appeared from the red and plethoric caste of
bis countenance and she was pummeling
him severely; while the short man was
striking about wildly. The gentleman, who
was a modest man, was thunder-struck at
the sight, and immediately apologized, say
ing 44 Ah! I hope I don't intrude; I only
meant to ask, who keeps house ? " 44 Bedad,"
said the. short man with a thick, choked
accent 4 4 that's what we're a trying now ;
and its rather agin me, as you may dis- ,
cover."
The gentleman not feeling particularly in
terested in the result, left the parties to their
amusement.
We call attention to the notice of a dividend ,
of 16 per cent, declared by the Bank of Cape
Fear, payable in the currency as now ruling,,
on the 15th of this month. This lage dividend
is wit nout doubt declared at this time to enable
the stockholders to fund the amount in the '
4 per cent, bonds, available lor the payment
of the tax laid by the recent Tax Bill on shares '
held in Banks and all other incorporated com
panies. . Would it not be well that all joi.it
stock con. pantts whether incorporated or not,
(for the tax' bill reaches shares , in all such
companies,) if they have the means, should
provide far the tax on their respective shares
by a like or sufficient dividend, payabie at a
time when their shares-holders "tan purchase
the desired bonds. -
Public Sentiment.
'.' -'. .
"We shall publish as they are, received , the
senimets of the Press o:i the Speech of Gov
ernor Vance, and as indicative of the course ef
parties in the coining campaign for Governor
of Aorth Carolina. - -
We have already published from theFayette
villc Observer and Greensboro Patriot the
opinions of those journals. They are highly
favorable to Governor Vance and are valuable
to him as coming" from the organs of true
Conservative sentiment in the State The
Observes, as a political paper, has always
commanded a wide circulation, and been tho
exponent of the intelligence of his prty iu
the State. - It has become a j urnal of much
more extended influence, by reason e'firs wise
and patriotic cours) during the progre-ss of
the war.
We publish to-day an article on the same
subject from the Wilmington Journal. Great
importance attaches to this, expression, be
cause the Journal re flects the sentiment, with
out doubt, of that entire party which Mr. HolJ
den has been in the habit of denominating
4,D"Sfnictive" but which ought more properly
to have, been called the Coufed-rato party.
The article is carefully worded, and is of
much significance. It rommit no one as a
panizin of either can li lite, and recognizing
Governor Var.cc in his true light, as the
leader of political .part)' who has made war
upon it and its friends, it offers no hope to him;
except that in the absence of any other can
didate, it will prefer his position to that of
Mr. lb 'Men.
For our own part, we think the contest will
be narrowed down to a struggle between pal
pable anel dangerous elisloyalty on the one
side, and patriotism and loyalty on the other.
The party which has been culled "destructive,"
original secessionists," will hfive much to
forgive, but its intense love of country may
induce it to join in the support of 3 true man,
how muctisi cver a political opponent, if thre
hy it may advance thecaitseof the Confederacy-
.
The Rams.
A later arrivnl from Europe, biings the in
telligence that Lord D-'rby had attacked the
policy of Earl liussell, in seizing the iron clads,
and attributed the action ef the Government
to the Yankee menaces. This foreshadowing
assault from the opposition in England, is the
most favorable omen since the w.ir. Last July,
vvlnm li n buck's motion p'nde , no move at
iil favorable to us had been m ule by Lord
Derby. Indeed, his ve-ry slight elemonstra
tions wore rather the other way. Now, the
whole course of the opposition em the
American question is significant, and to us
hopeful.
From thf lay that fl.o vonpr-iblp Pontiff
addressed hs nohlo letter of sympathy to the
President of the Confederate States, a s.-onger,
more wide-spread, and more valuable sympa
thy has inclined towards us in Europe. Wc
retain our conviction expressed lasc fall, that
the Alexandra cass will be decided finally in
favor of the ship. That the iron clads ef Mr.
Lairel will be released that we shall bo
recognized by Mexico and afterwards by
Europe, and that all tins will occur by the
first.of June, unless we meet with some great
disaster.
The way to guard against this, is to. place
every man in the service, who is not "more
useful at home. The soldiers and the soldier's
families are looking anxiously to the Gover
nor, on whom rests the responsibility to en
force this necessity, for the desired action.
The prospect of recognition, affrds no occa
sion for relaxing our own efforts. On the
contrary, it urges to renewed and more car
nest action, for it would be ni idnrss to hazard
so important an advantage, by indifference or
neglect. Put soldiers in the field, and our
cause is safe.
Mexico.
We see from our exchanges that the future
Emperor of Mexico will not wait for the for
mality of a vote ot the Mexican people. II
accepts the s-uccessors the submission of the
country and the necessities of tluj case, as
sufficient bascsfor its immediate action. IInce
he has commeiccd to arrange his departure
and is expected to reach his destination b
the 22nd of this month. He will find Mr.
Preston there.
In the mean time, the powers of Europe are
combiningv to make representations to stop
tho war in the Duchies.
The Russell ministry is tottering in Eng
land under the blows of Derby and D'Israjli.
The Alexandra case is again decided favorable,
and the foreign enlistment act must be amended
or the Ranis must come out.
In the meantime ouT Government is pressing
with vigor to fill the army and the campaign
has opened with an uninterrupted flow of mc
cess to our prms and disaster and defeat to
the enemy.
Those Shad An Unconditional Break
fast. Many thanks to Mr. T. A. Granger,
tof Goldaboro', for that fine pair of shad re
ceived on Monday morning. They were ex
cellentfresh, nice and white,, anel cot caught
at Newbern. We cau enjoy them without
taking any oath of allegiance or promising
to drink do sam-show, or to behave ourselves
with propriety.
SixafroRE, January 4. The Alabama left
this port on the 24th uUi mo and afterwards
in the Straits of Malacca burned the British
ship Martahan, for Moulmein, and American
ships &onora and Highlander.
The distance from Singapore to Amoy 'is
some 2000 miles, &nd Captaius .Baker and
i Ranlett, both old and experienced China ship
i masters, state that it wouHl be impossible for
the Alabama to reach Amoy in nine days,
in the face of heavy monsoon.
TE L E G R A P II I C .
RfiPOKTS OP TflE PUESS ASSOCIATION'.
Entered according to act of Coirgre? in thv rear
1853, bv X S. Th k AfeiiEK, in the Clerk'a u!tic
of the District Court of the Confederate State
for th; Northern District of Georgia.
From Alabama.
DiMoroLts March G.
Oas temdrcd and twenty one prisoners captured
by Gen. Forrest's command above Okolona, wora
brought her to-day.
From Sherman's Lines.
. Mkhkhun, March C.
Sherman was reported at Canton on Wedandny
last. The cavalry. were fighting on all sides. HeavV
cannonading was heard ia the direction of Canton
all day Wednesday. Sherman in going through
the oountry, issued an order that his ra-n must
rot. the people of subsistence,' which was electa
ally done. The Yaukees took a lirgo imxW of
negroes. This section of the country is perfectly
impoverished, wherever the enemy has been. The
telegraph is working as far west as Morton, bic
repaired to former western terminus.
Front Georgia.
Atlanta, JUt ch 7.
Saturday morning Holies' brigade of c walry
attacked the Yankees twolre miles beyond Uinjr
gold and drove them from their puition. V
lost one man killed anel took srea pri?onrj. It
is well ascertained that the recent Vaukc ad.
vance was intended ad a gratiJ attack the ene;ny
were much surprised to fiad Johnston in eucli
force. No present sins of moremsat u:i the part
of the Yankees.
A Special to the Appeal, date 1 Macon, M!ir.
Gth, saTS th Yankees ar all across Itig iilack,
burned nothing but some cotton, captur-d and
carried off three officers, injured tae Miiippi,
Central Railroad, :iu 1 carrLst off maa3' negroes.
The; destroyed provisions whererer fount, and
burned many homes mth j cjuntrr. and the rail
roads running frou. abora within a few tmlfs of
Canton-
Frow Gen. Lcc'nArmr.
Ox an as C. II ; March 7.
Tho statement of tho Yankee journal of ihs
Sdinsr., abut Caster's perforimnee?, jire irvu!j
exaggerated. The-true v?rsion is this: Itumt
three H mr mills, the bridges near Charlott?; villa
wr blown up, ons caisson, not six. did not sur
prise tho caralry camp, did not g-t fifty prisoners ;
was whippd away by Brailwut'a battery. ,tu.
art's horse artillery was unsupported. Our lot in
Wlhd and wjunded not ever twe'vo. Stolo pro
bably .300 horses from tion-eun!:it;uiU, but took
none from soldiers in arms. AH quiet.
From Uichmontl and Suffolk.
KitHMOM), March 7.
At auction to dj, Confederate five vear bonds
opened it 113; closed 102. Fire hundred dol
lar bonds, one hundred million loan, du3 1S?1,
brought 120. All securities declined, most of
those offWed have been withdrawn. Hank stocks
sold at An average decline 'of fifteen dollar.
Gold 23 for one. The Secretary of tho Treasu
ry has decided specie subject to tax in kind live
per cent.
The decision in the habca enrpu cao rendered
in the Supreme Court of Appeals to-day, fully
a:;irnii!-g the constitutionality oft ho conscription
acts, and act abolishing exempting persons who
had furnished substitutes. All the. Judges con
curred. ews was received to-day of th capturaof two
Yankee steamers by a srna. party of caralrv.
Further particulars deemed inexpedient at pres
ent. The Petersburg Express to-day states that
Suffolk had been occupied by Confederate troops
several days.
From Xorth Carolina.
Wilmington, March 7.
A blockade steamer was sunk off Cape Fear,
near Uald Head, early yesterday morning. No
further news from her. Oar batteries streak a
bbekader on Saturday evening three tiuaoi sup
posed to be the same one.
Exchange of Prisoners Resumed.
II i cm no. -i, March C.
The prisoners brought to Citv Point Friday
arrived here this afternoon. Abo'nt forty Yankee
officers and six hundred privates wiil bo sent i
return to City Point to-morrow. Thj exdiango
will be continued in same proportion so long at
the Yankee authorities sentPback our men.
Another flag of truce boat with returned pris
oners is expected at Citj Point to-morrow.
Col. Cook, of Dahlgreen's command, was brought
to the Libby last night.
Raleigh Market.
COItUECTKD WKKKLY,
BY J. W. ROGKKS, GltOCKIl.
RAmoii, March 5, lfcG4.
JjCON, $5 ())
BKKF, by the quarter, none..
BKKSWAX, i .Vi -jnb.
uui ihK.... 4.50fr5.w,yib.
cm ckexs, "... 4..VKr r.ftj
COR.V 22 .10 ft 25V bu.
lr, .................... ............... ... .ol)(ljl 00
FLOUR, 23MMI V hi.
FOOOFR,. n.ftfil3 50
pAnV XLh() hun-
IRON, (retail) 4.1 0
kARI, 5-00 V lb.
v. GLASSES, 30.00 VI gal.
J 20.00 bus.
PORK. 4.00..V)ft
POTATOES, Sweet, l..0(l y bush.
RAT0 15 y tb.
gALT 1 Of V lb
SLGAR, 12.00 -.j n
TALLOW... 3 Mffi.Q0
N ORTH cTROL!MVrin7&
Halifax Cocstt. J Fall Term 1S81.
Daniel and Hervey
"
Thorns X. Rowlini
Original attachment Is vied on land.
In this caea it is ordered that publication bemado
in a newspaper published in th citr of Raleigh, for
six weeks, notifying the defendant, tLat uiilec ha
appear within the time prencribedbv law, and re
plevies and pleads, judgment will b ordered
against him and tbe land Uvied on, will be sold
to satisfy the plaintiffs debt.
Witness, James M. f?rizzaid, Clerk of said
Court, at office in Halifax tow n,.be fourth Monday
after the fourth Monday in September 1SG3.
Issnod 1st March, 1844.
6 w6t JAS. M. GRIZZARD, C. S. C.
Wayne County, Xorth Carolina.
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions, February
Tern, 1864.
Cenith Jonea, M
neiriIt law of Benj: f Pettt for Power.
Jonea, dee'd. J
IT appearing to the Batbfaction of tbe Court
that Joh Jones and Jesse Jones, two of tho
defendants ia this cause, are beyond the limits of
tbe State. It is therefore ordered by the Court
that advertisement be made for six weeks sacces
sively in the Weekly Confederate, a newspaper
published in the city of Raleigh, notifying the
said defendants of the' filing of this petition, and
that unless they appear, and answer the petition,
the same will be taken pro coneo and beard
xparU as to tbem. Witness, S. II. Denmark,
Clerk of said Court, at oflice, in Goldsboro', the
3rd Monday of February, A. D. 18G4.
6-w6w. S. II. 'DENMARK, Clerk..