THa CONFEDERATE .
WKDXESDAT, April 6, ;
Proscription.
It has teen a favorite theme with Mr.
II old en, to charge President I.iv;s nnH his
administration with rutldcs and vindictive,
proscription in North Carolini 'i alt-'frp-t
ion for original secessionists of all the civil
and military uffkes, and the exclusion "f all
who were not of this clasa. litt'm out of
view, for the present, that if tbiihal lefn the
rule, Mr.' Holden wpuld have been among the
, first pffice-boldew, by a tin years ailvtcacy of
secession, by his abandon men t of D inglas in.
a night and hid support of Breckinridge, by
his Tote for secession in convejiti n and his
pledge of other msn and oinera dM'.ars until
it should como down to bis turn' the
last we say, putting all this aside for the
nonce, we have always questioned th justice
of the accusation ; and, as occasion :mv ro
quire, are prepared to disprove i.
Four instances fall under our immediate ob
servation, f.r this disproof; First, on the re
eomtaendatiou ef Gov. Vance, the important
office of Coutr.tlling Quarter Master was be
itjwel by the President npon Mapr Rtdhani;
of whom it will not be preteudcJ that he was a
friend of the administration, or an original
secessionist. Very lately the post of Deposi
tary at PitUWo was to be filled, and it was gi :en
to Mr. John TI. Haughtoti, who was-as far from
bcinnn original .-ece.ss:oni3t as Mr. IId den was
near to it. At Oxford, Mr. Russell King-bury
his lattly hi hpp' infed to the same positionf
who is n ot o:dy n-t an oriuial, but so far the
contrary thit we arc greatly misinformed if he
wns nt one of-Mr. H olden' s most assured dis
ciples in the l ite Convention agitation.
A fourth, Mr. Win., Mason, (.f this place,
for a long time lias been Commissioner of ti e
Confederate Sta es. y appointment, we hear,
r f Judge V'Z, who is a warm friend of the
President, and nt ignorant of his policy.
Now )fr. Mas mi's poetical affinities and
ngiitit too active, an interference in political
ait.itiou. Ve do ii. it-mean t- lin-1 f.tultwidi
thee a poi ment. or by any man in rf means
t ) question the hy;dty of either of the incn'nb
eutf. Indeed, the fuct that eacli of the gentle
men hasr in all probability, taken the oath c
allejrlrtnee to the Corfvdff icy, would proclud'i
such question by unless fjrtified by strir -.
proof, fi? we.judge them by our ovrn sense
houor.
Oir object is simply to start a deuil of the.
allegations Mr. Holden lias been in the habit oi'
Making against the administration. ..
Aud for further information, we would enquire
what single civil nppointment Mr. Iloldcn has
recommended, of a political adversary, for the
last two years, or his party has made ?
Rations
We understand that many soldiers arriving
in Rleigh from the West, are detained cvef
ut night by some cause, and find themselves
unable to draw 1 at ions. Hungry and fatigued,
they are compelled to go about and rely on
the liberality of the citizens for food to -at.
linn the government no. rations of h.ol at
this post ? If it has, is there any reason why
an enlisted1 man should not be aide to draw
his rations or is he enlisted to-etarce whi'c
route We call this matter to ti e atten
tion of the proper authorities.- Surireoti Gen
eral Warren might furnish to Zix bitrtan some
claim for usefulness, if he would give a pass
ing thought to hungry soldiers o'et iiiud at
ltalcigh. But then some of his precious
now wholly eugaged iu chaperoning Govern t
Vance from point to point, might bp ukeu up
in a loss agreeable way. We have .never
beard that .he Governor wao threatened with
apoplexy or any other sudden malady,' that
the chief of tho medical stall should be a
neerssary atteudant upon all his movements.
A Way-siHe Home near the depot, with bread
and meat for the soldiers, would give Surgeon
General Warren mcvo useful occupation.
-lint if he catmot be enticed into such useful-
ucss, by all means let some measure bo adopt
ed by which the hungry soldurs can get their
ritious, when held over in Rale..
Charity.
This christian virtue is conm;-
i. -led in tho
ixtcred sciipturcs as chief among i igious du
ties. All men are exhorted to f d !--w the Di
vine piecept, md give unto tl.t poor, help
the needy, eucoor the afflicted, visit ths pri
soner aud thvi sick, and h3 charitable in all
things. Iu tho present heavy hour of nation
al affliction, it is meet and right most faith
fully to observe aud practice this holy duty.
The poor abound, necessitous and afflicted;
the sick fill our hospitals, and appeal for
our sympathy, our consolations and admin
istration. The maimed and diseased of our
own gallant defonders pine in anguish, of
times, for want of nourishment and a kindly
band to tend and minister to them. In them
the christian, charitable heart will find am
ple field for the display of benevolent sym
pithy. We could but pity the sorrows of
our own wonuded and prisoner, -when we
have seen, the exquisite dainties poured in
upon the yankee prisoners while in custody
at Richmond, aud remember how many, alas,
how many of our men get necer a taUe
and, strange to say, in that' city of many
eccentricities, there were to be found persona
who so far misfook christian charity, that
ihey heaped the good things upon the yan
kees who were confiaed there, and never had
eveu necessaries, for our own sick and wounded.
We can readily understand how the Con
federate prisoners at the North command a
portion of sympathy among our enemies;
for the yankee race is not all savage. There
is among th?rn .some abiding places for hu-
r.ntiprxthus are wetl uncrsbjod, and wouM no 9 uz in a tw brief and forcible xe niks. On
doubt Ikivo been freelv expressed, had not his ' rti tiou the chairman app-dntod the following
upsni jr.ilicial position impsed a re.-nraint I a committee to dr.-.f res- Ium' ns fr
inanity; and these men. object in t'.iem
solved by reasoned their characters, f unities,
stations in life, intelligence and virtue, of
esteem and sympathy, are also the represen
tatives of a just and righteous struggle a
struggle which has been justified by the
Bishops .and Preachers of the. various church
es, and which ve have reason to believe God
himself approve. If there are fom.d inn
and womeu at the North who sympathize in '
this cause, ad minister to its atefeiiderr, we
comprehend the duly end recognise; the be
nevolent inspiration. But yankee pris-orers
among us, are, with 6carce discrimination, of
a different brecfl ; they are for the most part
hirelings, bought w.th a price- to do nefari
ous deds ; they get money for blood ; and ail
ot them are the unrighteous instruments of
an accursed and unholy r -.r, begun without
provocation and waped against crnlv. ui' n
with unmitigated atrocity. That we sIkuiM
care for their :sick, and wounded, .tt-.d pri
soners who fall iuto our bauds according to
Ihe rule of rar, is a duty to he p-rtrmd;
hut bf ot,d that-, we are ignorant of any nle J
of charity, benevolence or religion, wtddi
claims for tl ee aggressors any extended lib-
cra'ity
and we rre intlintd to thiuk that
such inistAen" kind
udness is a wron to otir
' own neonle, and iu n".ost cases
finds
is oil-
i gin in a sccrtt hostility' to fjur cuo.
from Charlotte, signed " (0. C. P.,7' has not
the writer's ' name oecompanyipg it. " Under
our rule, it cnnct appear in our coliiuiu"?.
The same remarks apply to a eornini:::ica
tijii fron'i Lvxington, sinid " ILithc (luird."
Comniuui'outiop.s. to receive attention, hitisl
Le acccmppnied by the writ-j.-. real is.-ui.es,
for tl.o private iuf rmatitjn of li.y IvJitors.
CiriZEXS OF
SAMPSON
COliSTY tS
COINCIh.
A meeting of the fitiz-.-ns of Sa'mpsou coun
ty was held iu the Court House in Cliuon,
ou the 23-;d insr., when R. C. UoIuhs was
appointed chairman and A.nos Jl ya! secreta
ry. At the request d the chairman, Od. A.
A. 51cK y explain d the (dijct of the inet-
MiK .y, A. M. Blackburn. P. M.irnhv, W.
A. Faism.Tnos. Ash ford, G W. IL.t.bs. h.
C. d'nj, D Riy, John t. ',V:l!iam's. M.
White, and J. Howard, t,-q. an i liev. M. P.
Owen. The c-o.-nmittte retired. ' During,
their absence G n. II A. Museley and d im
L llo'mes, Esq , addrc-s lhj mL'rio in -
very forcible manner. Toe -committee re
pot & the following resolutions. thr.ngh thir
chairman. Col. A. A. McKoy, which wv're
read serin im and uuauimoiKiIy a 1 opted.
Per.dirg tho adoption of tho rets lotio-m
Elder ii F. Marab'.e aildressc.il the meeting iu
h s nil st i appy style.
We, a Mirtioii of tho ci.izct.s of Simp
son county, feci the impuitanco of the
onerous Jbunlens which have t" be borne
by the chief executive ffi-crs, both of
the Confederate and State Govcrnuuiits,
and knowing that the enc u agemnt whi h
the people give to their chief magistrate iu
these times of trial must be grateful to w ise
rulers who only seek the happint ss of the p o
ple, therefore .
Rei-lred, That we still have tU firmest faith
and confidence in the chief Executive officer
of the C-mfederate States, and, be'ievtng, as we
do, that President Davis, by bis wisdom, i rudenea
and f-jrbearance, has done nrore than rv .other
luju to prif.ote the interest of the Coi.ieder.ite
j-States, we will, while he continues in ln i-resent
! eiurse, give "i him our hearty vo-operation iu ull
j his efl rts to achieve our indt-peiider.ee.
Rewired, Toat as this is no time for p-irtizan
feeling and slrifo, we trust that no ooposicion uiil
bo made to the re-election of our hour d Chi.-f
Magistrate, 2. B. Vance- believing him to be a
patriot and a statesman,, who-re every iff- rf is di
rected to the aceomplit-hincnt of oar natfonalifj-,
the achievement of our independence and the hon
or of our beloved State. ,
Rcsolceil, That liovernor - Vance be' invited to
address the people cf Sampson county, at ouch
time as will suit his convenience: and thit the
I chairman of this nieeting-appoict a committee of
j ftvo to te'nder to Governor Vance the ' hospitalities
j of our county, and urge him to name a time when
he cn accept i f the fcame.
j In i.eot'dance with the last clause of the
j third ri'B dution, the chairman apjd .'e i tlie
loliowing gentlemeu a committee to invite .
Gove rnor Vance to visit the county, (viz :) Col.
A. A. Mclvoy, Gen! ii. A: M. s!ey. L "C.
King, Alfred Daniel and Jr s -Gates. Esq is.
Oo motion of Cd. McKy. the K:ileigh
Confederate was requsted to puliih tb.e abvi
' nnd tliH P.ivel tfvilbt Obprvr and Witmb.
j ton Journal be requested to copy. .
H C. HOLMES. Chuir'm.
Amos KuYal, Sect.
j Freedom to Worship God. A corrcs
! pondent ot the Montgomery Adcertistr fur-
nishes the followiuu : With the Abolition
army the Abolition Church advances upon our
soil, pari passu. I quote from a letter that
has run the blockade an item of gent ra! interest
and significance. It develops a new feature iu
the purposes of our enemies, and is" note-
worthy as bearing an official comp'ex on :
New Orleans, Feb. 21, 1804.
As I know you arcj icletested for
tho churches in. this city, I write. About the
middle of January Bishop Ames arrived, and
as his commission was different fio n what
we all expected, it lias ended in his obtaining
posession of alt tne Methodist Churches iu
the city and supplying the pastorales. His
order from tho Secretary of War was to tako
charge of all churches " not suppliel by loyal
pastors and appointed bv loyal .bishops. "
Of course this ended the matter, and the mili
tary requisition was complied with by trustees,
tSrc. 4 I never had such strange
emotions as on Sahbath, 24th, vfhen. for tho
first time in my life, I was without freedom to
Worship God. No other day of my life ever
equalled it for unutterable sadness. Surely we
arc touching ou some of the prophetic .times
ot the Bible. ' ' ,
This Bishop Ames is from Indiana, and of
the Methodist Episcopal Church North.
About 6ix weeks since be " possess tl " and
" occupied "in a like manner the Methodist
Church in Memphis, ejecting a faithful pastor
to make room for a reverend gentleman of
Indianapolis. I suppose similar attentions
have been paid to the churches of Vieks-
burg, Natchez, Baton Kouge, and all inter-
mediate points ; for, as none of the Bishops
of the Methodist Episcopal Church South are
" loyal, m the sense ot to is ecclesiastic mil
itary commission, so none of their appoint -menu
may stand before it.
.,..
Untrue. The Neir York Herald says'the
stories set afloat that a large number of Con
federate prisoners have taken Lincoln's mth
j of alb-glance is untrue. . .
For the Confederate.
Camp neatl Pkteksuoro, Va.. i
March 25th, 1864. J
GaxTLXKkii : I have been informed that an
imprt ssion is sought to be made in certain
quarters, that another candidate will be.brought
out for the office of Governor in North Carolina
at a future day, aud my name has been spoken
of among others. It may be proper therefore
for me to say, that ns long as the war continues,
while able to do military duty, I do not intend
to leave the field for ant civil titatian Kimrd
ing Jov. Vance s public position cs riglit ou the
gre,4 issue before the country, I think lie ought
to VcoFdially supported by all who are in favor
of vigorous prosecution of the wnr now being
waged, not only for iadependeuce, t.ut.for every
thing of value to us as a f jmmUoity and as
individuals.
TheSuta of North Carolina, by an unani
mous vote of her Couveution, speeded and
united her fortune with those of the Confederate
States. This action met the universal appro
bation' of her citizens at the time, no one lifting
his voice agaiust it. v No public mm in the
State, can therefore, without pkrso.nal nis
hosor, and without covering uimsklf with tub
ueepi-st jgsomist, advocate the abandonment
of the cause of the Confederate States, and de
sert 4ur brave soldiers who have gone into the
field to maintain that cause.
Our reasons f r continuing the war are a
thousand fold .stronger than they were foi em
barking in it originaily. The State seced d be
cause of apprehension that our rights might be
invaded, and because Lincoln, by proclamation
called for a few hundred men to a-sist him in
his war against t'.ia Gulf States. Now iu such
portions of our State as his armies occupy, ho
forces into his ranks by conscription, every
mm, wnuc anj oiai;. ivnuuiv uw uc m .
.11.1 - v. 1 1...
by a series of acts of Congreps, couhscatnu lor
its ue, all our property, both real and personal.
Should we be subjugated and r'ur personal
property seized, nrffl our lands divided among
bis soldiers, both bbick ajd white ur entire
population men, wemen and children, must
either perish "from starvation, or btrc ui
the slaves of our conquerors, and labor
for a subsistence on such terms as thjey
might gran . Yankee masters, weie always
notorious for avarice and cruelty, but the
atrocities whhdi they havecommitted within
the last three years have caused-humanity to
stand ughast with horror, tie whom, they
have selected to carry ou the war against us,
by the universal 'acclamation of European as
well as American civtlizition, has been de
nominated " The Brute.' And yet if he be
not a fur typefof our enemies, why w.;s it
that he not oniy received ovations in the
Northern cities: but by a deliberate vote of
the Congress of the Lincoln government, he
was fte-jlared worty to wear the sword he had
stohu. Tl.cse acts as wvll as his retent'on ot
a high command,. show him to b the fiuing
leptesentative of thosj who control the ac
tion of our enemies r know of no variety
.of the-human race wIijuh we ought -not to
prefer as masters to the yankees, whose lead
ing tiairs are avarice and hypocrisy ; .'or to tbo 1
duplicity ami running of the fox. ihey add
t!e rapacity of the woif and the venom of the
serpent. To protect us from such enemies, to
save our women from hecomiag co' k. and
houtiu servants, wv have Nothing to rely on
but the favor of Go l and the valor of "our
armies. If th'p armies be pmpeny sustained-
by the country and wisely directed by our
government, they wiil iu the end ;,ive us i ride-'
pendenee, peae-ey saft arid honor. Unless
those arc obtained,:-T hold that the war should
coiiiipueas long as there is one brave man
surviving, and one true S luihcrn woman left to
fight Ihr.
Very respectfully, vours, A'c
T. . E C L I . G M A N.
ARMY XKWS.
j StKGK OF ClKI.KSToN 259rii Day. Tlie
t er.etny's batteries, it appears, were c n.sidera
j bly damagetl by U-e lage storm. Thf palisadoes
in front of tio wa'cr sa'iiit .-f (Irn were
' broken down for a 'space of three . hundred
yards Ly the surfTu&daj nizht. .Vha enemy
i w re engaged in repairing n Welues'lay, ai.d
also iu buihling alis1 jos io Iron of the mid
dle b 'ttery .
A larije increase of tents on Black Island is
n ported.
It apjears that the yankee party that came
to Efgare's Tuischiy morning was piloted
through a bye-path to the reir of our .iektis
by a deserter. They succeeded i i surprisiiig
and capturing two jrivao named SGott, of -the i
Wilhpgon iingers, with their horses, ecpiip'
tnenis.'itc. 'l'he third picket with .his hors-e
escaped.
The heavy firing heard Wednesday was
fiuw. our own batteiies, ivhich opened on tbe
eoptrv's working patties of Gregg, &c.
Charleston C'juric,Ji4th.
Army of Tevs es-ek. 1
Tunnel ilill, Ga , Maruh 21, 1864.
The enemy made a show "of advauc-a on
Saturday, about 2 o'clock p. m.. this side of
j the Sftine Church. The advancing force con
j f-isted only of a brigade.tif infantry, supported
by cavalry. Our pickets fell back, when our
artillery opened at long range, checking the
enemy.
It was firt supposed to be a general ad
vance. . Gen. Wheeler, the Murat of nur
army, was at his post as usual, and Brigadiers
Humes and Kelly looked anxious for a dish,
but the enemy did not afford the opportunity.
It is supp ed the enemy's object was to
driYe in our pickets, that they might measure
the creek, near the Stone Church, preparatory
j to bridging it.
! Grant is concent rati nj fits forces m. the
j Meinity of Chattanu ga." It is stated' thai
j 1 ge numbers of tr-Hjps are returning from
I t!:e North. A heavy cavalry fon-e is report
. cd "Laving arri ved at Ciuttauoog..
j it is suppasetl 'that Grant ccHitetn plates ad-
J vancing on Atlanta, with -three columns, by
j the Ilinggidd Road, by he LaFayette ltoad,
i and a column from N..rth Alabama.
. The independent tone of the Chicago Tires,
the increasing defiance of Ben. "Wood's New
York .News, the late meeting of the working
men of New York, city, - the bold Southern
speech of Chauney Bur, one.u the editors
of the. News, and the late withering article
against Yankee lies and misrepresentations by
the outspoken and manly editor of the Cou
rier Francais, of New Orleans, while even the
chicken-hearted, timid' Picayune ventures a
j subdued crow, all go to demonstrate that Lin
j coin's power is weakening in the beuighted
land of tyranny and oppression.
Brig. Gen. Woa. N. Pendleton, chief of artil
lery of the of army Virginia, resumed bisclor-
ii duties Keincr a minister if tKa ETntennai
Church, and held service yesterday in tlie
Baptist Church at Dal ton. He. preached a
mtelrwiuentandtonChina;nLrmthJ
oRtu u,t oq.k ' ? m Lul !
V" ""r oc...
church was crowded to its utmost capacity, a ;
tU Biu nuiu'k- piatea, nor would such be de-irable or conveni-
tance.- Gen, Johnston, Lieut. Gen. Hardee ; ent for inspection. The good taste and judg
and a number of officers and ladies were r ment of the respeotive committees will suggest
preseut the church being principally filled i the dimensions. As this work, if accomplished,
with privates. . ! will be purely one of love and patriotism, it is
Ihe deepest sympathy is expressed by this
army, especially by tbe Louisianians, for Gen.
Re.mrvr.f n iwvniint nf th.lMtliAr i.U
Beauregard, on account of the leth of his eis-
titrable if. Cnrrepondeim Jxflfle Refisler. j
vThe following important circular is from
the Statu Treasurer. Wo give it ai a matter
of - nfw.-i : .
-To the Sheriffs and Tax Collectobs r
Nokrh Carolina. You will have perceived
that by ihe 12h section of the act of Con
gress i " to reduce the currency and to au
thorize a rew issue of notes and bond." rati
rletl 17 h of February lat, :ioy Srate e.-t of
the Mississippi, hldiuj 'OinfodorMe Treasury
notes, received before t tie 1 t of.p; ;i n x. is
j aiiuw,i im me i-i .jay .i .i tiory. i
j fund the j.fuio in six. per- cen. bonds but all
Tresa-y, noles recei od by any of said States,
after the 1st Afpril, will be held to be receive 1
dimiid.diet by the anoi:nt.of tlu? taximposeti
by Hie act on tuvh currency
The friinai.-e of our btate Convention,
and act of fur. General Asseuibly, -requiring
the reventie fit ers -of tliis State to receive,
at its face, all nf.siid currency, could not have
contemplated a oaMing of tb.e value f said
cunein y by act of Congress ; but our legisla
tion r. mains in force till re pealed -by the
les!ature. which does njt meet tid the 3rd
Monday of May next.
1 jespect fully request of you to pay ijto the
TrtJisii! v be 'ore the 1st April next, and money
L in vonr hands due to the State, to enable ihe
Gavernor-to make th ecriifiraV upon wh'ch
ihe .State is au.hotiz.-d to fnnd in six per cent,
bond-;.
I !"vn tliat msny persons will seek to pay
the tax s i f 184, on their tax . dries t he list
ed during the !;;st twenty working days' in
April of thi- yew. Our revenue act does not
reqniro the clerks to deliver he lists to you
till the 25th June As the act of Congress
I .w.
j nnAJ., ,i ..r :fJ r..,..,
after the 1st April, (excepting hills of $3 or
unibr ) i eannot lie jiresumed that thte Legis
lature will condnue to receive it at its fhce.
I, therefore, rspeet fully suggest that you re
quest i be cb'iks t'Ot to deliver the lists to you
till near- the 25 b June t.y which time tho
L,jgislat u re will have act-ed on the sijbject.
This will place ali tax piyersui on the same
footitjg.
I claim no rid)t to give you instruvtions
on any of the. mutters herein r-ft-rred'to,- but
deem it pioper to m ike these suggestions for
your eoiisideration.
. Jonathan Worth,
L'uhlic Treasurer.
Raleigh, -arch 25. 18Gl.
For. The Confederate.
Reynard Aniold."
Ii- hold the Fox. the silrer grey For,
As to and fro on the truck he rock. ;
Perrbed on the top. of that gilded car,
And cheered by all with a loud huzza.
Hut how restlessly he meets the gaze
Of the crow d th tl loudly shouts his praise ;
Sits uneailv-," and seems to look
As tho' unwillingly forced to ; rook
The jrrcat honor of his high estate
Lamenting (we fondly hope) his fate.
Th-i "stars and stripes' wave proudly t'er him,
llL-rt'eaV"lhe Foster," rolls before him.
The'n' why that downcast, piteous air, .
With iris skies so bi ight and prospects fair ?
Aud where's his tail, that long bushy tail"?
Sot cut oft'? Then wherefore doth it fail
To -pread itfIf (abounden duty)
liefore the crowd, in all its beauty ?
Now the Fox, of every living beast
Tiiat roam 3 the forest, is fruited lvat.
But he's renowned for stealth and cunning;
As well tor roguery and running. .
Tlieti why do the Yankees hoiior pay . -The
Fox, on a celebration da- ?
o A substitute," (from the crowd IJiear)
" For friendly "rebel. ice hold dear,
He's not present in the flesh, as 'twere,
' Hot in the spirit hp's .always here ;
Au aid and comfort, he serves us bet
' la his native land, now sorely pressed
1y the Dutchman, Irish and Nigyre,
We've taught the use of locks and trigger!,
.So zealousiy he battles our cause,
' Despite all his country's safety latef,
"That old Jeff, has ordered him to stop
"The Standard (th : advocate and prop
" Of the Union cause in old X. C.,)
And now he's mum through'neceesity."
Frieid?, country njew, Carolinians, heed I
'Your "homesteads burn and your altars bleed;
Savage foes, with knife atld fire-brand,
Strive to desolate your native land.
Vile traduccrs ot our ehief and laws,
Foul traitors to our glorious cause,
Persuade our foes that "the de is cast ''
And that they have conqaered us at last.
Say thev, will gather, come and reap,
Onl3r fet ms our possessions keep ;
" Aye, we, that in all we've dared to do,
" liare proved ourselves both loyal and true.
Heboid the Fox, this silver grey Fox,
Woos youMigain to the ballot-box.
So did the cat t be king of the mice,
Who vted him -'fh death" in a trice.
You are all well aware he's cunning
And always for some otlice running ;
He wears the e at of peaca, for your votes;
Hut the tail will trail below his coats,
Aye, of the Fox, the.silver grey F x,
That wooes you now to the ballot box.
Th- same grey Fox that figur d of lata
At a celebration in this State,
Perched on the top of a gilded car.
Cheered bv the crowd with a loud huzza.
Then consider-first 3'our country's weal,
Aoid vot.j for a raan ai true as steel.
He is for peace, but'peace for "the free,"
Honorable peace with Libkutit.
Thus poll all your votes for Z. B. Vance,
And let Doublen Holden go to France.
HATTIE, (A Soldier's Wikk.)
For The Confederate.
Moii'iaruta to Oar Dpuried S Idlers
Again.
If the county cunts should not conwder
themsclvr s authorized to leavy a tax to defray
the expenses of ert'cdng cenotaphs to the
m mory of our falle i soldi r.-, surely .thore
is enoimn private liberty,- patriotism aud
gratiiud' in our country to cousumuiatc this
hclv otjecr.
But few hea ts exist in the Confederacy that
have not been crushed by the fall of goma
near relative or friend, and those few owe the
preset vation of their liberties and their prop
erty to the endurance and diivalry of our
no'ole army. And we flatter ourselves that
this iiudaWe proposition wid tlvrefore meet
with a . universal, prompt, and cordial re
sponse." Prompt , because debts of gratitude
are seldom paid after the inspiration that
created thym has sub.si.led. The congress of
Ihe Ignited States authorized the erection of
a monument at L tile Fork, to commemorate '
the filial and decisive victory that achieved
the. itidepeutleuce of the colonies ; but the
work was deferred and never accomplished.
Let it not be urged that the enemy may get -possession
f the country and destroy these
monuments. If Mich an event should happen,
they will also destroy every thing else 'that is
Valuable, and we shall enjoy the proud satis
faction of knowing that we' have fulfilled a
sacrad and consoienoious duty to the fallen de
fenders of our altars and our homes, aud there
by assure the world that one republic has been
grateful, by thus consecrating to memory her
heroic dead.
--J1114 wllL?lT,li,f ,ok of tlf,D.1,1 co??tfy
ours, which has created a'd the munition.
and.w successful war for three year.,
tost one or the strongest powers of the evth,.
wblle 8DO wag blockaded both by land and sea.
utty and costly monuments are not contend
most respectfully and earnestly requested that
no one, save the mister workmen, .hall charge
a Cent for his aerTiceal - Mirnv
eent fr his services!
Warren eounty, N. C.
f Tiffc Press Convention On the 6h of
! April a Cinventionof The Southern Pressmen
is to be beld in Augusta. . . , '
Whilst the business which is likely to como
before this bocly is of purely official and do
mestic concern, the occasion very justly in
vokes a Wider latitude ; than was given the
I last assembly of the kind. AV the p-o.Hiiit
i juncture i f aff drs, a genera Uainctl of Soiuh
j em journal sts upon the state of the n ition,
j and tl e policy to be pursued by its political
j mouth piece, could do no harm to say the
. h-at of it, an.d it might do g ol. II the lead
j itis writers ami thinkers of te leading jour-
j naiH w,u!d attend this Cnv ntion in person,
j iustead of sending sub rdm it- t rtipn-SMit
i them, the re-imion of tal y..t w ml 1 bo equal
to a convocation of Genera's. It misrht bo
VVeaieof tlioso wh- belrev ihat the pen
han not h st its m i-ii . becaus' of the nromi
i nence A swtrd, and re'y up ri it as one
1 of the chief inll.tencrfs .which wi 1 I ring U3
-
p ace. L" the great-ncwspip-rs rn the Con
federacy p trstp i wi policy dicing the c "til
ing year, ir will b-? worth several vict;iri"S to
us. The times are critical. Tiie issues before
the oniritry are delieate. Dismssio is between
men of action and t dent n o who are speak
ing in trumpet tones every d iv m-irvho are
making th political' .ami social sctuimeutt of
the laud, wiio are read and quoted all ovpr the
worl.L can neither be out of p'ace nor fruitless
of g t)d.
We trust that our c temp xaries will find i
ctmvnient to meet toge.t'ier on the specified
day, and should their deliberation! am uut to
nothing else, they cannot I dl to.intmduce quite
a number of agreeable rMit!ttnti :o each
otho's ay?quaintanc?. AlliuUi Confederacy.
Andy Johnson is urged by his" friends as
the nominee tor Vice President on the ticket
with Lincoln. '
I?or 8Hle.-"iliic nrgro boj' about thirty
. years of age in good health an excellent
teaaistor, carriage driver, and work hand.
Applv to J. M. LITTLE,
feb. 3, 18G4-10-dtw-w4t. Leaingtoa, N. C
i flU'e ofChlof Qtiartermaster,. Raleigh,
V rebruarv 17th 1864. Proposals will be re
ceived at this ollice ijntil the 2Stb inst. for the
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Xuts.
Proposals must state the pries per gallon for the
oil produced; as tho Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oilcke.
Y. W. PEIItCE
20-d3tAw3t . Ma. anc Chi 'f Q. M.
jSSTWiImington lournal, Fayetteville Obser
ver, Kaleigh Standard arid Petersburg Register,
copy 3 times and send bill to Maj. Peirce.
Lost 4'rtJ li calc " o f "sTor kTI T i elHTd er
signed has Io3t th following Certificate:
No. 13 5 for $3100, dated July INth, 18G3, issued
to J. MctJoylaat Kaleigh, X. C.
Every person is forbidden to purchase the san
as application will b made for its renewal.
'3-wlm. " DAVID OUTLAW.
dated July 29th I8t3, and assigned over to Sam'l
Martin. Kvery person is forbidden to purchase
the same, as application will be made for its renew
al. SAM'L MARTIN.
4 6w Salem, N. C
MACHINIST WANTED.
WANTED, a good Machinist t- take charge
of a tfteam Saw and Orist Mill. To one
thBt will come wer recom trended as to sobriety,
industry and skill, a liberal price-will be paid.
Atldress, Dr. GEO. C. SUGG,
Joyner's Depot, Wilson, Co., N. C.
32-d2t&w3t
'tead Mine Interest for dale.
T AM DISPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
1 mtbeWYTHK UXIO.V LEAD MI.VK COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is though
to pay a heavy per centum to tho stockholders.
I invite gentlemen of capital to 'famine the prop
erty. Mr. Wm Kohler, the aerent. will stive all
Ithe necessary inforin'ation, or thev can call and
see me at lliekory Grove or Poplar Ca.np, in
Wyth county, Va.
mh2(i-52-d 8 t-wlt A. N. CH AFFIX.
X0TICK.
CONSCRIPT OFFICE,
Raleigh, N. C, March 23, 1864. f.
IN order to transact properly the largely increas
ing business devolving upon the Commandant of
Conscripts, notice is hereby given that this office
will be open to the public hereafter, from 10 o'clock
A. M. to 2 P. M.
The attention of all persons having business
with the'otfice is specially invited to this notice,
and a compliance with its requirements respect
fully requested.
By order of Col. P. M LLETT,
Comui'dt of Consctif; t
E. J. Hardin, Adj't. mh 24-5U-d3twlt
North Carolina, )jBuperiort;ouitofLa,
VV.AR REN COU.NTT.
John V. Cawthorn, Ej
Fall Tvrm. 1863.
cat. or of Henry Cawthorn.
Daniel Bo wdea Original attachment levied on
Land -
In this case it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper publi.hetl in tha city of
Raleigh, for six weeks, notifying the defendant,
that unless he appear within the time prescribed
by law, and repleviesnd pleads. judgment bv de
fault will be entered against him, and the land
levied ou will b condemned to satisfy the plaintiff,
recovery, s
Witness, Benjamin E Cook, Clerk of said Court
at om'ce in Warrentnn, he third Monday after the
tourtli .Monday ot September, lKbJ.
. DEN J. E. COOK, C S. C.
Issued 13th day of February. 1S04. 5-tivr.
Court or Equity for WaUe County,
Srai.sa Tlrm, 1864. .
Geen' Hih
VI.
The Heirs of Hudson High, dee'd, and. others;
Petition for sale of land :
It appearing that the dafendants in this cause,
to wit: Leonidas High, and Martha, his sister,
nd her husband, (if ihe be married) are non-residents
of the State, advertisement is hereby made
for said defaodaats to appear at the next term of
said Court, on the First Monday after the f urth
Monday of March next, at the Courthouse in RaU
eigh. to plead, answer or demur-to the pUiniiflTs
pen tion
Witness. R. G. Lewis, Clerk and Master in Eqi-
ty lor waKe county, at otnee in iialeigfj, tbis 17th
day of February, A. D. 1864, and in the year of
American Independence tbe 88th.
. 3-w6t R. G. LEWIS, C. M. E.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, I
Warhen Cocnty, - ' j
COURT OF EQUITY
Tohn Harrison Hawlwns, as infant under the
W A A .mm as
aga of twenty-one vears. by James A. Esrerton. bis
Juardian arid next friend, Charles M. CtMik and
ahn E. Miller, executors of the lat wiil and teg-
lament ot W mitred V . Hawkins, deceases, and
Jane B. Miller,
Against
Benjamin . Cook, executor of John IT. Hawkins.
deceased, John H". b'leming, Jane Walker, for
merly OmearVj) Benjamin K. Cook aud Sally H i
Cook, his wife. John II. Kimball", of tbe State of
Tennessee, Fannv U. Kimball, or tbe said state or
Tennessee, and Nancy Power of the State of Mis
sissippi.
It appearing from the affidavit filed in the offioe
oi the said Court, that John H. Kimball, Fanny II.
Kimball and Nancy Power, three of the defendants
in tuis cause, reside beyond the limits of this
State, it is therefore ordered that publication be
made in the Raleigh Confederate, -tor sir weeks,
npt fyingthe said defendants of the filing of this
bill, and that unless they appear at the next term
of said Court, to be held at the Court House in
Warrenton, on the Third Monday afttr the Irourth
Monday of March next, and plead, answer r de-
rour to the said bill, tbe sme will be taken as con-
fessed and heard exparte as to them. Witness,
Charles M. Coo, tJl-rK and Master ni said Uourt,
l olKce in .yrrentn. the Third Monday aTter
j the Fourth Monday of .September. 1863. .
Lo'st Certificate qf 5tock. TIip under
signed has lost the following Certificate, No,
1424 tor -5500, "issued to T. N.. Cooper, Kaleigh.
I Iscud 1st day of February, 184.
2 v,Gt C H. 00iv, C. M. E.
NRW PUBLICATIONS, BY BRANSON &
FAURAR.
O
rpill" GZOGRI.VPIOAT. HEADER, with Nfap.
. 1 i just publianed. Thia u the only Cieoerupbr
puotidiica in in? lyomeueriicj, ana is to De fII.)w(l
; by Coinm-n Scho d Qjogjaphy. Saud in your
ord?r soon. rTice 9i.uu
TAB JACK MO AN SOSOSTfili, now ia
preo, will be readv soon. Price 75 cti.
VORK' ElfOfj-H GRAMMAKthird edi.
tton, is just published. It is entirely a Southern
work and is one of tha best Oramtnars published
Priea S2.00.
THE DIXIE PRIMER one of the cheapen
and best books for children, has gone through the
econd edition -with great popularity. . Pries per
huudred, S'iS.OO, ' F
THE FIKST DIXIE READER is now ready.
Mrs. M. B. Moore, author of the series. Price 75
cents. THE DIXIE SPELLING BOOK is. how in
pres., and will bo read v as soou as p'issibld. Prict
$1,50.
. HESPER AND OTHER P0E1S. by Theo.
II. IliH second edition neirly exhausted. Send
o yorir ordv?rs. I'n? SI. 50.
MYRTLE LEAVES, now in press, slnll be
issued as 8n as possible naJ-r the circumUncei.
It will be a .popular bmk. Price $2.00.
MORVEtf AND LINDA, by Rev. A. W.
Mangnm. Heamiful and good. Price $ I, (X).
FIRST BOOK IS COM POSITION, o nMius
a number of pleasant writing exercises. The oidr
book of the kind pubtisHed in th Confed.'racv.--Priee$2
00. . .
HISTOQIOAL SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS
suited to Sabbath Sooools, and to soldieri iucami.
the be6 book of the s rt yet publukd. Pi lea 30
cents.
The usn.il deductions made to the trad'.
N. R. Thoe ordering books to be sent per mail,
must fend 10 cents, extra on fach dollar to pir
postage. BRANSON k FAKUAU.
Raleigh, March Id. lbC-l. mh 10 7-w
SOUTHERN PUBUtATIONS ON HANB."
T 1 $-1 K Rival Administrations,
1 Scrijitural Views of National Trials,
T ie ll ihemiari, -'
The Seise of Vicksburg,
Hunter's Piano Fort Inatructioa,
Warren's Surgery
Gilliam's Manual,
Army Regulations.
EvIutioiis of the Liu?,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Volunteer's Field and Camp book,
Napoleons Maxims of War,
Cavalry Drill by Patten,
Rayanet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
The, Volunteer's Hand-book,
School of the Guides.
Second Year of the War,
$i oo
2 00
1 25
2 ;o
: oo
: oo
w oo
oo
: oo
t; r.o
" r
I .
1 00
l :.o
l oo
l oo
1 oo
5 00
2 00
- 00
1 :u
.VI
50
:o
50
2 00
7:
7 1
4 00
2 00
1 50
Ml
v;,
:.o
fin
fco
2 r.o
"2 0'
on
J on
. oo
3 oo
3 0l
Ml
51
r oo
1 f,0
C 5:0
3 .n
3 So
3 r.o
2 l
2 00
2 00
2 00
Tories hii'riish urammar,
Smith's Engledi Grammar, revised,
Our Own Spell-r.
The Dixie Pri.ner. Pictorial,
The Confederate Piiuitr,
Our Own Primer,
Southern Methodiot Primer,
First Rook in Composion,
Our Own Firt liesl.r,
The First Dixie Reaier,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Geigraphical Reader with Mans
Hill's Poem,
1 be Guerillas, Dialogoes,
Wesleyan Catechism, No. 1, :
Wesley an Catechism, No 2,
Capers' Catechism,
Sermon Catechisai. br Wood,
Historical Scripture jue.itioas,
Sunday School Rell
R.blical Catechism.- Lansdell
The Rattle of the Birds, m
Campaign from Texas to Maryland,
Les ilisorahles Fantine,
t'orse'te,
M.iariu.
St. Dennis.
i
Jean Xnfran. itlx vol.
Ronnie Buie Flag,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Lady Audley's Secret, '
.The Camp Jester,,
Morgan and His Men, 2nd Edition,
Rob .rt and Harald, A Romance,
Neeley's Discourses,
Romantic Passages in S. W. History,
Southern Liteiarv Messenger,
The Age A New Monthly,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Roiuantie fcitny,
Soldier Rov Sonjarter,
1 00
."M. ir.r itiose ord-npg books by mail rhaulJ
send an extra ten cents on the dollar, for po.ta-.o,
BRANSON A KA Hit A It,
.th 16-7 w Kaleigh. N. ('.
Wayne County, Vortli Carol nii7
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions, February
Term, ISC I.
Cenith Jones,
Heirs at law of Re
Petition for Dower,
Jones, dec d. J
IT appearing to the satisfaction of the Court
that John Jones and Jesse Jonc, two of tho
aetenuants in r hi cause, are beyond the limits of
the State. It is therefore ordered br the Court
tnat auvet Msctnerit be made for six weeks arnM.
siyelv in the Weekly Confederate, a newspaper
published in the city f Rhleigh, pi!fving tha
said defendant! of the" filing d" this petition, and
that unless ther appear and answer the petition,
the same will be taken pro rofn snd beard
x parte as to them." Witness, S. H. Denmark,
Clerk of said Court, at olhce, in Goldfboro, the
3rd Monday of Fcbruarv, A. D. 1864.
5-wCw.. S. ft. DKNMARK, Clerk.
NORTH CAROLINA, ) Superior Coart f La
Halifax Cocntt. j Fall Term l8C'i.
Daniel and Hei vey
r.
Thoms X. Rowlins
Original attachment levied on land.
In this ease it is ordered that publication be made
in a newspaper published in the city of Kalctgh,for
six weeks, notifying the defendant, that uule he
appear within the time prescribed bv law, and re
plevies and pleads, judgment wilf be ordered
against hjm and the laud levied oo, will be sold
to satisfy tbe plaiytilTs dell.
Wituees, James M.- Grizzaid. Clerk mf i.l
! Coart, atolGce in Halifax town, tbe fourth Monday
i r. .... ..... i. f j -.. t a i
me iwui u jiiiuoay iu oepieoioer abo.
Issued let March, 1864.
J w6t JAS. M. GRIZZARD, C. 8. C.
Iiarth tarolina, ) of Equity, rail
Wabekn Cocktt. f Term,
Marion Sanders and Sarah N. bis wife, X. T.
Green and Lucv X. bh wife, Jehn H. Murphy and
Caroline M. his wife Thomas P. Alston, William
W. Alston and Frederick McWilliams.'
v.
Den jam tn A. Lavender. Wm. Tee! and Florence
j his wife. Benj A. Lavender, Jr., .Eliza Ann Bod-
! die, Joel Lupton and James White.
.1. m ? 9 m. - . -A A A S M.
In tbis case it is ordered that publication b
made in a newspaper published in the city of
Raleigh, X. C, as to the non-resident defendants,
to wit: Eliza Ann Boddie, Joel Lupton and James
White, for six weeks, notifying thjm of the filing
Of tbis bill, and that unless 'they appear at tbe next
term of this C urt, to be held at the Court House
in Warrenton, on the third Mocday after tho
fourth Monday of March, A. D. 1864. and plead,
answer or demur thereto, the same will be taken
J as eontesied, and beard exparte as to tbeiu.
j Witness, Charles M. Cook, Clerk and Master of
, i'id Court, at office in Warrenton, the third JIou-
day after tbe fourth Monday of September, lst3.
U. M. COOK, V M. K.
Issued 13th day of February, 1S64. ..
VJ-ORTH CAROLINA, Superior Court ef Law
ll Lbnoir Cocmtv. Fall Term 1863,
John H. Jackson and Rob't B. Vaose
e.
Moses Patterson.
; Original Attachment Levied on one Town Lot in
j tbe . own of Kinston.
In this case, it is ordered that publication be
roade in a newspaper published in the State, for
Bj, weeks, notifying tbe defendant, tbst uoless he
appear within the time prescribed br law. re-
peTiea aod pleads, judgment by default will be
etered against bim. and the fot levied on will be
goia to gati8fv lo pUintiff'. ceo ant.
Witness, Jastns Kinsev. Clerk of said Court, at
0fiC at Kinston, the third Monday after tbe foarth
Monday of Septemberrl863. Issued 23d dav of
Februarr 1864
5c, JUSTUS Kl MSEY. C. S. C.
,
LPLl'ilV'l
, J Kxe
OFlCft."
Executed with et n ess and spatrh at TIU