4
si
(
WEDNESDAY, Maj 11,
:
" ,
i
From Gen Lev' Amy.
Thegreit bilile b teen (tens Le RaU .
. , .u..
Grant has been wnge.1 n-i p -rhaps decided ,
, . . :. ..flu ,r, ,t f'
vj lueitme tnts piper " ; "VT :
eur subscribers. We have given m this
ivrt a'l the foforrGar.orr lhat has oecti re-
f wMrh we shall sneak below. It
, t?o o-3nr rr.ifcrHl the IviDlflail !
T , f . ;
Vl-'o irH I. rmsnna f'I1s the
iiVCX - k J v
tcr.r.er twenty-Svo mile bei-w Oracgo
Court House ami f.ftcrii m'lea &b ve Freder
iclburs;. The latter far.Hs ib iut equi-distaut
iro n b:h Oranjre Curt H use and Fredtr-
iok-bur.:, beini; ab :t twenty nii'e from caoh.
" '
:r dt-f.tt ; but Vrith i;at neevn are cos j
iu formed;
rroe' , . 1
rratit'a forc it gcuer.".lly put at about
. . , r-
COO nifftntrv. It casta cf the First,
G
i rn
iVV VW lllinilll V . IX t -hioioio .
Sectiad. Tard I ifth, and six' & corps, which
h ve been onsoliunte-i into t(ree corp, the
, , t, t
old Ninth army corpa, formerly Btirr.sme s. .
, . .r . -. !
, .u, ...;.t.
, , j rj ,v. .i, :
corps, tnd pi act-.; under li"C2ert also six .
, j i . , n..... i
. , , r !
tide s cc-rutt d iinie.
. . . , . rt . r, r
O ir notie o!d Lhietl uc, Cien. Lee, aa w ill
i Ti i - VAmn i
be seen by oar Ieiegraphic cuiumns, reprt3 l
..F tSo r l Ivittlrfc frs hn 1 '
-vc:rt:.1 rep'iUc ut t!;e eaemy, driving bin j
, ..... , , ,
U-.s in ki.ied gimI vounde.1, ma:;y oi whicu j
. ,, . , . .. . . .
!-!l into oar hand.i, b.-i;e o9ing a reat f
. , ;
aanv tlr. pn:tieK. Our lo wax not ao j
. . , ... , , . . . t
izeavv .13 vr-i fared n killed, but many vre
' , . . t
t r-i
, ' . jV ,
, ;. r I
,vh,re he h:u oDoratei. The gn-at Lt.-Gn
i,;r.r,trt.we.i.u:icnt t,!ea-n. was eri- uy I
cand-id iu thy shouliit-r. The ction j
untie i:; tho hope tk-ifc it net a dangerous
v.ound.or u!?e th;it rvi!'. i.n separate him
ffuin his nr. Vie tri'!p.
On Saturday afternoon, fow houi"3 afior
rpcrivintr the dipatchss abuve refer ed the
Oner:t"r at Stny Crek bts.Uoa (twenty
miif-i thi side of Pcters'-mrg, notified the
Operator at G"ldsbr., that th euomy'g cav
alry h id iippe.iif l in sigwt, and that he would
ba C'.'inpelled to lar j with Kis implements ;
wliich I13 did and thus cut off ail communi-ci.ti.-ii
by tnl-iraph vtth thU place and Pe-ter-bur
and niebmond. lie -is said to hav
rcachi'd WeMon that night, and reports that
the rai'r ad bri lM uverSto v Creek had bau
burn;-d by t5;e -Yankees.
Oar telrgnpfiic csimmunication beb g thue
cut ff fr..m Richmond via Petersburg, it was
especie.i thit A'e wi uid receive our despafch-
by way of Greensb ro', N. C, and Dai:
Vi. b it uitortua.iU-Iy, the vrires c:i
Saturday evetiing V7ere down botwe6n tk;6e
two pia es. O.i yesterday morning, hovever,
thy were in w rkin order, b it entirely oc
cup.ebwith Government dirfpit:h?s ; when at
ij'jn it wae announced thit the wires were
uowu aain. It seeing that a fatality exists
ag.ii;t our hea'intj anything further from
the great bitth'S g i on Norh, about
vhioh bueii i ilcr.s-a anxiety arid uoliciicle
now pervades the c-unry. We still hfJp
the nbstru'.-ti ls ruav be removed before we
g to prt ss.
Tho nilrm ir. referred to in !i )ther place
in thi- pipt-r. fr m whora re b"rrowvl the
Pfieiburj; Express, informs cs ihat he learn
ed in pacing fiom Pwterbur to Weldor,
en Saturdaythat th: enemy were ru vi'g in
a direction towards Ilirka F to, bet General
licke t bad provided a force to meet thorn at
that j-rint. Our informant said tint ha met
Jarpt ladies of tropt soma fur then and
bf-tween Pftrrsbsrg and Weldon, and that
larpe b dit-e -f tr ops were concentrating,
believed to be in snfiirient t umbeas to whip
the ei emy and drive him from thepoiuttfhe
had t- ken pesiou of.
Ti e ei eii'T is gaid to have occupied the
vilhifc-e o Cbter, midway between Peters
btirg and U c'hmot d, burnt the Hotel and
torn up th railnud.
A number or flying repi-rtK are nnthstrppU
ss t.. ptTtioiiH thn; and nher prtins ( the
State l-ei'g ki it d in the battles 0:1 the II i pi
dan, which may or may nut be 8. Ttie fol
liAving it is said are certainly a.mng the
kilhd: Wm. II. Ilaywiwul, jr., of Raleigh;
Waiker Andi'r.n, tl Nil'sbmi', and 'Capt.
Fleming, f Salisbury. Od. Wot. Saunders,
of Sidibury,i: among tbe wouuded.
P. S. The telecraph line between Gieens
joro' and Danville was at work last night,
but w.is o throu:hIy occupied by the Gov
ernment th -it no other despatches were allowed
to jaw. The people roust be patient, if they j
can.
(asultles In the ElShth X. C, Troops j
Lieut. -Col. J. R Murchison has furnished
us wi'h a IU of the killed and wounded in
the Fii:hth X. C Regiment, in the battles of!
Plymouth. The Adjutant ..f the Brigade had
previously supplied us with a list, which we
published sum1? days since. It is therefor
unnecessary to insert the lit fr.ra Lieut.-Coh
Murchison. We find, however, the names of
several rot included ia the former list, which
we sul:..ia :
In Co. A. private Wm. Gregory was killed .
Co B, corporal J. A. Baker, killed Co. D,
private W. R D bnam, received a flesh wound
in thigh. Co. G, lieut. D. P. Langley, killed;
corpl R. H. More, flesh woutd in thigh; J.
A. Moore, in ft, t; Jacob .More, flesh wound
in side; J. W. Patrick. kne; A. T.' letle,
in leg; J. H Smith, slight, .in knee. Co. H
G. II. Clyne, slight wmind; J. H. Moore, in
side and neck. G. I, eopual J. A. Brown
severely in kut?e; Julius Hatcher; slightly in
l'g; Jonah Younger, thumb off; J Murph,
killed; J. Burns, flesh wound iu arm; R. GaU
liu re, 6lightly wounded.
Total killed in Regiment 22. Mortally
mounded 12. Wcupj! 88. Total rnalticB
' & -
THE CONFEDERATE.
i resi wlt can bo glt&ned mi tas infmia-i u .t rl
. , , i w whip Kirby Smith. Price, and all the rest of l
t in reived, tho er.e-.uy endwvured to ruuxo J t
. nsankind. They will tell a tlifierent story ;
i The ttlcgrani ,-publi.-btd in yeste: day's pa- !
per. hn:joonce9 the cuifcination of tbe pre
vious iuteUigence tbtit Osa. Price bad giveo j
o - S .1 t. 1 . 1
. V . . '
whole df his vragcn train. Our last lofor r
- i
niatte.nloCbted Steele on the Little Missouri,
a tributary to the OuachiU ; while the Van- i
'
, 41 .....
. . v J . .
: Atk. anil thrrnforfi moved his command fro
m
Camden tu Washington miner tbe fight at
- , o
P-airie de Anna. Tiat "Steele pursued him,
and then sa ldealy turned and pushed for
Camden. Price d'.seovf red bin mistake and j
took after him, bui Steele being the best run-
ner beat the race and - reach el Camden first,
YYc iifVo f VXj?F lata ViAOTM flm AtgMklA
Cariideu is in Ouachita cuinty, Ark., ten J
or twelve rrnea - below the junction-of tho j
. , . . . A m
L'.tik Missouri and CuachUa rivers, aijd &l
.,.,,. . x-.., '
, 'lO-l. if T 'til T
T .
. ,
rnjiut, re would not give much for his chance
..,. mL
f ge'ting bnck to Little R-cK. The Country
is rueged a d mtrjutiiinourt, and he hns to
hghthis way thnmh it harrasded by tUree ,
.
" "r commands, operating separately Vet!
in corcbinatMn against him.
'
Banks, with 30.C00 men, it will be seen by :
' '
tne rthern news m to-days Confederate.
. ' ;
r
t ue-n - .uuiiiy Geieai(a ana rouiea ay iz,uoo
men under Diek Taylor;" that they "ran.
ac-tnully run it wa a complete rout, the reo-
J rn ,o
0I3 capturing 1500 prisoners, 18 euus, 160
r 7 1 , - . .
wagons, and a l irga supply of provisions, '
" ' fo x
and so forth, besides driving their army back
M T , J
ftiieen miles to Pleasant Hill.
-At-Pleasant' Hill, the Yankee accounts say
the KcbcU .ittAckid them asain, and were
defeated, but thev zive r.o prt;cutars, wiiich
titd.-havo done baa H boon truo ; from
whtnr? thc' retreated -Qrand Eoore, and
uoei8..-e just ouu.:ae uie toAU. out
zt have later advices, wh'rch state that 'Jay lor
followed Cinks up from Mansfield and caught
him at Grand Eere on the 15 "L, defeated
him and cap fired 1,600 to 2,000 prisoners,
and camp euipaae in proportion, and that
Banks was at Fort Ilussey, with the re
mains of his army, with hid headquarters at
Natchitoshe, which is but a few miles from
Grand Ecore. It occupies a row forsaken
channel of Pied river, while Grand Ecore
constitutts the Deot up n the new channel.
The places are but five or fix miles apart.
These lass advices, published iu cur Tele- 1
graphic column a few days inuce, and the
extract fmm the Yankee Army and Navy
Journal, to bo found in this paper, which
sayj "the JoEsea of Gen. Banks a'one2 Grand
Ecore, are tow koowa to have been over
fiv thousand," must mran a second defeat of
Banks, for he was first defeated at Mans
field, and thereupon incontinently left the
place, crossing Red river to tho North side,
and taking a nearly due E 1st course to Natchez
distant about a hundred and ten miles. If
3at,'ks has finally goioif, ho has left by the
little end of the h-iro, and the remnant of his
shattered, worn and starving command shorn
of artillery and transportation, will crawl
into Natchez a striking-illustration of the fail
ure of the 'Grant Red River ExpeHtion''
and trefollv of attempting t subjugate Wes
tern Louisiana.
From Scwbern. j
The Go'dsbnro State Journal of Saturday j
morning last, says : ;
We have ii"tl ing but vairu rumors and
lit" loot that. A lettor from P ymouth neua- I
ti vex the rumor which we n' ticed yesterday I
placing the rarn A'bermalc in the Neuse river j
jelow Nelern. On last Monday the ram j
wa- Ktill in the waters adjacent to Ply month j
and was somewhat profitably employed. We
htill hold to the opinion all ah ng expressed t
by us that an a'tack on. Newbem, at this time,
is xceedingiy doubt' ui.
Our Kmston correspondent writes us, under
date oi May 6th, that a courier in from the
front that morning, represents the troops in
Gen. H-ke's. armj' in moet excellent health
and spirits, and that otir forces hare crossed
tbe Trent a' P llocksville, twelve miles above
Newbern, and are moving on the enemy's out
post to our right, on Price's creek. Our cavalry
skirmished with the enemy's pickets at De p
Gu y on the 5ih, and drove them iu, and
captured twe prisoners. Heavy firing was
henrd in the direction of Newbern at 12 o'clock
on the night of the 5th.
We learn that Gen. Hoke has captured one
of the enemy's forts at Newbern, and tiken j
sixty prisoners.
Commodore Porter Killed.
j The following appears in the neme of City
News in the Cincinnati Times; Commodore
VYm. D. Porter had command of the relent j
expedition up Red river, and although no
mention is made of the fact in the copy.of
the Time before us. the inference is that he
was killed in that marauding journey :
The city authorities have taken action in
regard to the deeease -f Commodore AVm. D.
Porter, as we suggested yesterday they should,
ami there will be appropriate funeral honors.
The reoiains will lie in state at the Governor's
Rom to-day, and until to-morrow aftoruon,
when tho funeral will take place.
On the 4th iust., sajs the Atlanta Intelli
gencer, 22 men belonging to Johnston array,
were shot for desertion sixteen of them were
privates in the 58th N C. Regimeut. They
were exaggarted cases of desertion.
Ageotlernau immediately from' a point to
know, informs us that Gen. Morgan, with his
troops, started a few days sin--e in pursuit of
Averill, who is aa.d to be on a raid upon the
Salt works in Washington county, Va.
Specie Declined In Mobile, silver has
tumbled considerably. Ou M"?ry H -rrn-marJ!;d
"-'v tfc-rtccrT hs? t.vv
i
the Enemy bctwen ttieeeibna and ft
tenburg-..A Flsbt at Sort VVaUhU
The-Eneoy Kepuhsd.
No mail North of Veldoij reached thit
city on yestetAlHj morning ; c nsequently we
are without the Richmond papers o! Satur
day. . The cars came over fixe roads from
Richmond to WVIdon, and we cannot under
stand why' tbe mails were left behind. Through
the po!it nes of a gentleman who came
tfiroagh, We wore loaned a copy of the Pe
tersbuig Express of Saturday, which cm
tains full accounts of the operations in that
vicinity, which tre highly iuteresting, from
vhich we extract the following particulars,
(idritig the brirf time the paper was in our
possession.
The Express say s- Yesterday (Friday) was
another day of rumors wild, extravagant
and numerous but not of excitement, for the
people had recover? from the shock which
came t;o suddenly upon themThursday. They
had seen the preparations which our efficient
and gallaiit General, commanding this dt-part-inenthad
made, and fell conscious that under
his sleepless vigjlance and skill iul manage
rntfut, Petersburg would never lad into the
hands of the ttn.
There were evidc'it siha at rn early hour
. that the enemy wag largely reinforcing at Ber
muda Hundreds, as trau port after transport
couivt be seen ascending the river from the
height of the vicinity oi City Point. A gen
tleman connected with our H me Guard
Cavalry, arrived abvut 11 o'clock, and in
formed us that (he transports coifimenccd ar
riving at early dawn, oud up to 9oVIock, ODO
hutidretl and twenty -one, inc uding the arrivals
of Thursday afiernoou. had 'been counted. . At
fiist th.iught, this number appears to be one
of great tnaguit tide, and capable of transport
ing an army of fotty thousand men. But
wheu it is recollected that all of the vessels
do not carry troops, but that many of them
are necessarily tilled with horses, arrillerv,
ammunition, pontoon boats, quartermaster
and commissary stores, it mty be safely cou
cludeu, that tne enemy's forces now at Ber
muda Hundreds, do not exceed, if ttiey oumter
lis many as 20 000. AH accounts from the
river, represent the scene at the junction of
the James aud Appomattox rivers, as one of
rare and unusual interest. So large a flotilla
of steamers, baiges, sailing vessels, and guu
boaXs, v;',s utver be'ore witnessed iu that sec
tion. As one who saw it expressed himself
to us, the wide expanse of waters there is
literady covered wifh fl ating cra(t.
The principal rumor yesterday, and the one
which seem d to excite most iutcrest in our
community, was, that the eiicmy had gready
increased his force at City t'o.nt duriug.
Thursday night, and was inarching towards
Pe ersburg ty the county rad, slowly but
steadily. Tuis was s oa ascertained to be
incorrect. A gentleman who leit his farm
ttirec tndes this shie ot City Point at 0 o'clock
yesterday atteruoon, informs us tiiat the ene
myi hikd u ade uo advance of any cot eeqence
up to that hour, aud that his pickets an.t
videt-es titen exteuded only two miles fiom
the Point Our in lot mint is a gentleman of
ru.-st eXv-edent judgtueuc, and uo little expe
rience, und h3 opinion is, after close'y otiserv
ing the movements ot the enemy, that they
have no intention of advancing upon Peters
burg from the Point. Tt is evident that they
hsjye only occupied that locality to prevent
us'Jrom placing a battery there, and also to
veil their movements at Bermuda Hundreds
Thmain operations are-on the Cncsttrfield
idot the river.
The various reports about the destruction of
buildings at Broadway, tbe burning of ali thu
houes at Port Walthall, and the destruction
ot Mrs Mary Dunn's mill, uear by, are be
lieved to be wi hout foundation, ibavy
colun.s-vf hm-ke were teen iu tbe direction of
the loregoini localities esterda, but we as-
certa ni d 1 .st nigut from ec-'Uts who had been
in the imniiititate ne ghborliood, that th -wood
weie on hie, and- are M.ippoed to havo
beeu ti ed by tno enemv, but wnether deaigu
ediy or oy accident, is tiytkij- wn.
Auothtr rumor which gamed much credence
during, the day yesterJ-iY, was tht Furt Cl'f
ton, ou tiie Ai'p'u:aiior. bix miles below 1'e
tershurg. bad neen captured bj the enemy's
gunbouts, aud ttiat the Yankees hud lauded
and wvre building addttiuual fcrtificadous.' An
euqmry at HwoJqu iritrs last night as.-ured us
that there was not the slightest foundat.on in
truth for this report, fort Chl'tuu is still
held by Cout'e lerate furces, aud likfcly to be so
held uutii the war is over.
Ae to the rutting of the telegtaph wires be
tween here and Richmond, the des tuction of
Swift Creek Bridge and the tearing up of the
track, alt of which whs rep rted an hundred
times during tho day, at the various street
Corners, we can state positively, that it is all
rumor aud nothing else. At one o'clock last
nigUt tue wires were working admirably, Switt
Creek Bridge waia intact, &ud the ,rauroad uu
interrupted. -
SUARP FIGHT AT POET WALTHALL JTXCTIOX.
A sliaip fight occurred at Port WalthallJuue
tion, ye-terduy afternoon, enromeneiug at 5
and cuucluding at b o'clock, which reulted iu
u decided repiit.-e of the eueuiy. Port Walthall
Junction is on the railroad, five, mile's froo
Petershurg. aud two from IS wilt Creek Bridge.,
At 5o'cb ck, two Brigades of the eusiny, which
moved out from Bermuda Hundreds, some time
duriug Thursday night, aud were eluwly and
cautiously advancing during the day esteydy,
attempted to cross the held of Mrs. Hewlett's
farm, iiumediately at the Juuction, but were
met with a deadly tire from six hundred of the
21st aud 1:61b South Carolina Volunters, com
maudeo by Colonel Graeam. Three times the
enemy e&sayed to ieach the railroad, coming
with a yell, nut nur meu unawed b such muaic,
and uuiutmiidated by such apparent ferocity,
met them with a kteady fire, causing them to
tecoil anJ etuggtr, from tbe bloody reception.
They fiuady retreated iu some contos'ou and
retired about a mile and a half distant, in the
direction of P -rt Walthall landing. The die
parity cf nuuibet s was too great lor us tt pur
sue, bat a geutlem-in iresent luforiBs us, that
lie never witnessed more gallant conduct on the
part o; any troops their w s displayed by the
in treid South Ciirlimaus.
The euuiDj had artillery, but used it with
pour effect. 0'ir casualtb s were 25 two killed
aud tweutv three wounded. We had no artillery.
The object tf the enemy hi this movement
was evidently to tear up the railrcad abd burn
the bridge over Swift Crrek. They will pro
bably be heavily reinfurowd, and reew the at
tempt to-day, but we shall be better prepared
for them, aud they will sot fare so well as ibey
did yesterday. They lost heavily y-terday,
but carried off their killed aud wouud-d.
We regiet that we are unable to publish
the names . f our killed ai d wounded to day.
Au Ambulance Ci'mimittee, uuder tne snperin
tendeiice of.iair tow nsman. Mr..R-ulieti Rag
aud, wetit out lat jiight, aud .wilt bring them
n, iu the morning.
REPULSE 'F THE ENEMY N THE BLACK WATER.
A Uwly tit Yat-kef Ctv.Jr, under the com
inaud t t:e utnr:t us Cti. tpare. attempted
to cross the Buck water rivwr yesterday, at
Brs-iar Bri-fe, r Ivor. Thev wsre
handsomely repulsed b:r a fmlon of Oetral
Clingnian's brave Nurtfi Carulina troops, and
retired out of sht. Oar scoot from that
wctum, report this body tf cavalry lis bing
quite fomddablc in .nuorbera--some ciim8
ing it an high as 3,000. At iat accounts they
were headiuga.und towards tfw sourrf the
Blackwater in Prince Get.rge, iitul rua en
deavor Ui effect a junction with th eneuv npw
at City P.iint. We fear that the uje? and
Prince George people will suffer greatly from
the depredations of these Vandals. v
AK AU-riCloTJS BEQIirNlNO.
We have great cause lo he thankful lor the
auspiennis begii Ding. which has marked the
military cp rations of the enemy in this sec
tmn. where our city Is so seriously menaced.
At the only two points yesterday. whre our
forces came in collision, we repulsed the in
solent foe, and iid il most .patUfactnrtly.
1 hey came in overwijelming numbers, and ex
pected by encom passing that wo would fall
an easy prey jnt(i their bauds. They thought
that we were too wek to gua'd more than
any one point, but in jJits, thanks ton.ur vig
i ant c nutiander, they have been disippoint
ei. Wherever they "have attempted to ap
proach the city, there they have found the
bayonets of the Cuvfedc; rates hiistlinEr and
ready t receive them. Bu if we Wei 0 success- j
ful yesterday! shll we uo' be more so. to-day? j
Heavy reinf rcements, and they among" the !
best aud bravest in the Confederate Stntes. j
were arriving hourly yesterday and ail through
ingui. a neir siurny- snouts, as ttiey
passed through our str. cts, was indeed mutic.
such a i ur people delighted to hear. General
Pickett, a son of Old Virginia, who will lead
them in battle, has attested his skill and
bravery on every hard fought field, from the
First Manassas to Gettysburg, and under the
prestige of such a commander, we cannot thiuk
of anything out victory.
T KLKGKA PHIC.
REPORTS OP THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Enter d acconhn to set of Congress in the yeat
1863, bv J. S..Thra?hsr, in the Clerk's oflice
of the . District Oourt of th Confederate States
for the Northern District of Georgia.
The Fighting Commenced. ' j
A considerable engagement occurred about
twenty miles below her t, near Parker's store, ia
Spottsylvania county, on the plank road, between
a part of Ewell's corps and fifth corps of Yankee
infantry, including Sickles' Regulars. The en
gament lasted from 12 o'clock until night. Oer
troops repulsed the enemy most handsomely, cap
turing 98) privates and 40 coram issoned officers,
wJhSve'arrived here. Grn. J. M. Jones, acd
Col. Warren of the 10th Va., were killed, and
Gen. Stafford mortally wounded.
Official Dinpatch from Gen. Lee.
The following was received at the War De
partment this morning :
Head'qrs Army of NoV.thkbx Va., May l.
Hon. Secretary of War :
The em. my crossed the Rapidan at Ely's and
Germanna fords with two corps. This army mov
ed to oppose'; Eh ell by the old turnpike, and
Hill by the plank road. They arrived this mor
ning in close proximity to the enemy's line. A
strong attack was made on Ewell, who repulsed it,
capturing many prisoners and four pieces cf ar
tillery. The. enemy Fubsc-quen'ly concentrated i
npou Hill who, with fieth's and Wilcox's divi
sions, saccessfally reiisted the repeated desperate
assaults. A largo foroe of cavalry and artillery
ou our right flank waa driven back by Rosser'e
brigade.
By the blessiugnf God we maintained our po
sition against every effort until night, when tbe
contest closed. We have to mourn the loss of
many brave officers and men. Tbe gallant Gen.
j. M. Jones was killed, Brig G n. Stafford. I fear,
mortally wounded while leading hi command
with conspicuous valor.
(Eiged) R. E. LEE.
From .fault's River.
Richmond. April 6.
Tbe flt in .Tames river Came up yesterday to
Bermuda Hundreds, above City Point, and landed :
eeTeral legi-nenfs. The enemy's force is estimat
ed about 9.000. It in b.lieved th ' plan it to at
tempt to cut the Rail Road between Richmond and
Petersburg, 01 move against Fort Drcwrv,
The enemy n the Peninsula reported advanc-
nS -
LvKcnBURa, Ma 5.
The Lynchburg Virginian baa information that
Averill ba- concentrated 8,0f0 cavalry and in
fantry in Kanawha valley, with the intention of
making a raid on tbe Salt Works ia Washington
county
From Gen. Johnston's Arm). ,
D altox, M y!.
Contrary to all expectation, the nem have
advanced but little to-day. On- division of Hooker's
corps, is at Lee ana Gt-reoii's Milb ; Palmer's
corps, and one division, arc in front of Tunnell
Hill, occupying our old picket stations ; Howard's
corps and two divisions are between Varaett's
station and Red Clay. All are bntily enguged in
cutting rads, eauswaying and building bridges.
Their advance will be neeeetarily very 6low.
Numerous deserters have come in to our lines
to-day and given themnelre up, saying that their
term expires from tbw 10th to tbe I2h, and none
of them will fight in tbo approaching engage
ments. second dispatch
Daltok, May 6.
Tbe enemy here have been at almost a stand
still to-day. They Aro repairing both railroads
as they advance, and have a chain ot picket?
whieh reader it impossible to learc what id going
on inside. The eaera v's pickets extended eleven and
a half miles from Tunnel Hill at 2 o'clock.
Gen. Johnston has ixwed an order, granting
J)ardon to all persons under arrest, except those
or plundering and pilfering,
. From the Traua-tfteatssfppi.
Meridian, May 6.
Information from Trans-MisBiwippi confirms
former rumors of tbe battle between Price and
Steele, in whieh the Confederates gained a com
plete victory. Steele is said to have lost his entire
wagon train. . t
Nothing farther from the fight in East Louis
iana. Tbe cars resumed regular trips to Brandon on
Sunday. '
Bcanaptlen ef tbe Fight between Lee
and Grant.
Richkosb, May 0.
The fighting between Lee and Grant was re
samed this morning. Several telegrams have
been received,' which represent tbe news from the
front to be cheering. About two thousand pris
oner s were captured veeterdav.
The trains oa the York River Railroad returned
this morning, after proceeding to Meadow station,
in consequence of a report that our troops had
fallen bacr, the Yankees having crossed Cbicka
hominy. south of Bottom's Bridge.
Th'stniner Scbultz, with Y-nkee prisoners
for City PJant, was turned back bv the enemy
this morning It is reported that Additional. trans
ports with troops came up the river to-day.
Quite a lsrg force landed -o the Sonth W
of tfce .rif 'MP'elte Cttr Poiat. No mneasbaej f
wt ia ofseal K-nratt suae jtspeet of affairs Oa
Yaote minlktq tbe James river was Uowa
p tSs'sAercx '
HcTfj QaAiu Xetr trod Ceo, Lee.
' RteaaosiA, May 7.
TL foUcwlajr was reeeived tbil taornlng.
Jleadquarteijf Atmf Jfortlur Vm.t If ty tta. Doq.
BscaxTABt or t?AR Karty this nornis;, aaJbe
Di visiona of Geo.' till! ttge4 f esterdav W ere
being rUevedj, the ttSf advaaed and created
tocconfaiioo. The grnrtd lost was reoovered
. as sob as fresh troopi .Xto fiosftloa aad the
caesay, drivsn back to h arlflnal Mae. After
wards wa tursed the b ft c hw fireah line, and
drove it frosa tfe Wd, kaing a large tumber of
dead and wqghj4 ia oac hAada among them
Oen. - Wadsworth; 1 A mw4L Hk forced
the enemy - into his et ach vftJjes cn Brook
road, rat ending from Kiidraes Ta'ern en the
right, to Twlgga Mill.
" Eterv advanee ou hU part, thanks bi merciful
God, ht boea repulsed. Our loss ia hillvd nCl
Isre, bat we have naar wnaaded, otost of them
lightly, artillery being littl- sod cm either side. 1
grieve to announce Lt. Gen. Lnogstrset soverely
wounded. Gen Jenkln-killed. Gen. P gram badly
wounded. Yesterday Gen. Stafford was wooaded,
It is hoped he will recover.
(Siossn) ' " R. R. LV.
sCeHS SHPATCE. j
Okjihgc C. H., May C.
The tack -by the ecaay this morning was very
tiolent, but was repulsed' B every instanee. We
drove them on cur left, Kt& he was stubborn on
the rlgct, tut Lorgstreef ftaa'dy forced tkem to
give way. -
Longstreet received a severo watindla tho eboul
dsr, and Q on. Paul Jenkins. waj aortally woanJ
ed. The fighting was principally with musketry
the ground unsuitable for artillsry. Cel. Brown
cf Virginia artillery, wee killed.
The battle was fought n?ar Wilderness. The
enemy b&s been pushed back near C!aneUrs
ville; Everything doks well filler accounts
to-morrow. The Yankee Gen. Wadsworth is
among the killed. Seventeen haadred prisoners
received htro.
From Gen. Johnston's Array.
DaLtos, May 7.
The enemy advanced in front of Tunnel Hill
this morning and shelled our cavalry om the ridge
this side of that place fur two hoars, then fell
back. They are reported as moving sroaudto our
leit. Oor troops ere ou the qui rive.
From Mobile.
Mcsilx, May 7.
Special to the Register, dated Summit, 2d,
says the Louisiana forces pursued tbe enemy down
tbe Red river recapturiog Fort Derusacy and
Choriville, on April 26th. The enemy made a
stand at Markham, wh re they were attacked and
repulsed with heavy los?, estimated at 10,M0.
Transports going up the Red river uith reinforce,
ments, were whipped back at Fcrt Deru9ey. The
Yankee wounded wre scot to Vicksburg. Gn.
Walker's division crc3ed North Red rirer pur
suing tbs retreating enemy. Tbe Yanked burn
ed four gunboats above tbe fklit.
Latest from Gen. l ee's Array. Tbe enemy
Flying.
The Petersburg of Saturday has the
following under the above tead :
An unofficial telegram ?3eed It rough this city
this morning alhaif p-tt t.ce o'clock, stating th.i
Longstreet'a thirty th'usacd reirans were bur
led against Grant yesterday t'Friday) with the
fury of a thusderboU. At last sceounts the
enemy were In full retreat, sad our forces hotly
pursuin&r. -
Tho slaughter of the erer.j i roprenied k
being terrific far surpassing i& Wondfhed hny
battle which hae ever occurred nn the continent.
Many prisoners have been takr-n '(.aid to bi
several thousand) and all the Lynchburg miHiia
force has been ordered out t.i guard thets.
From tbe Army of Virginia.
Richmond, May 8.
Tbo following wa reccied this raofning at
Headquarters :
wtrmy Northern Virginia, April $th, Scrrttary
of War Gen. .Gordon turucd the cnwujy'a ex
treme right yesterday evening aud drore them
from their rill's pits. Among the prianfrtf cap
trred were Generals Seymour and 8 baler. a'o a
large namber of arms were taken. The enemy j
have abandoned the Germanna road ford and
removed their pontoon bridjea towrdu Ely's.
There has ben fio attack to-day, only eljght ;
ekirmihing cn our liQes.
Slgaed, R. E LEE
i
Official desnatch from ChaTiu's Bluff savs one 1
of the enemy's gunboats was attacked, disabled,
bnarded and then brn)4. rt ;rwirds an iron-el ad
bore down on oar forces and they retired. No
particulars given. No loss nn our side.
The following dispatch hat. bean received by
Governor Vance :
WttDKv.NK9, May 7.
Yesterday and day before Eirkland's and Cook's
brigades di t m st apleidid tirrice. Lossm com
paratively heavy, . not very aun vdead. Lieut.
Col. Jones of the 26th, died to-day at l o'clock.
He was wounded tbe day previous. Ets.
From Gen. Johnston's Army.
. Daltov, May 9.
Honker's corps attcmpte I on yjatrdy to carry
Big Gap oy etjrta. It was defend -d by Giigge
hy's Kentucky cavilry and tbe ttret Arkansas
infantry, who mi a deipsrt atunlt, infiictiag
heavy loss on th sne as y. Oar ammuniti u be
eonaiag txh-MuUd. our n;o continue the asaalt
by pelting tb enemy with stones until. the arrival
of Cranberry's Tjxas brigIH 'wbeis the enemy
were routed nd hastily withdrew. -OurlossTery
small ; one Liewtaoaot and twenty mm iptnrd.
Sligh skirmishing waa going on iu front till
, dark. The enemy having iaa.ad a heavy force
in front or the Kentucky 'ine tire Hues of battle
being visfWe it was t" "ght they would attempt
to carry it by storm this morning ; bat as yet no
demonstrations have been made.
Froo Chesterfield and Gra. Lee.
RiCHMoVc, If sy 8.
The enemy in Chesterfteld havo withdrawn
from the Railroad t entrench meats. . Smith and
Gilmore were in eona atnd. Butler directing the
oxpedition. with hi ha lqrtr at City Point
whro the negro brig di are entrenched.
No fighting at Port WlthAirjuictiod to-Uy.
The enemv's loss iu the fiht of yesterday waa a 1
tnoassna xnica ana wounacu.
Butler utU nrro ;4pe frca fiv of oar
picket, near Utr P ent, oa FHy evening.
A T?l:grim fr 3 Q . V mi ti enemy
h-ure alva-el h t tntr-'i'-ig t4rii '
Irredri 'k-'t irg. T trf astrid .
in Ooiai oivtom
Oaclal Decatrh fmm Geo. Le,-.Mo
Ttcrtet.
,iiXxciioe. Kay t.
The taltowltg frsi rxceivW at the War Depart
ment to-day:
Star 8ytjli0ia C, H.t Afy 8.-Hoti. J. A.
x nvon 1 , After a sharp encounter with the Fifth
army corps, WarfenY and a It. Belts' dirWou
of cavalry, Qtt.1L H. Anderson with advance of
arm j, repulsed the eaemyevith heavr slaagljier
tad took possession of the Court Tltu I am
mar grateful to the Giver of sit victories, that
car lets kmall. (aigmed) R. V. tm.
( Ksrra fnm Tarlaoa Quarters.
Jskcohd DiraTCH -
The teteirraphe communication between RicW
mond sod WMdoa. !t is hourtv eroee'ed win be
rosaimd. It ha caused a crest accumulation of
rressnews at thi potot, th msWial poioU vi
which are subjoined r
Oxakqc C. H.. May . aeain rrpslsei
the enemy on retterdv the Yaokse Iom terri
ble. csperly q Early', front. Ewrll's
small. Last nlcht nwr me held poMaia of the
enemy's battle-field thr fft and oentre. cap
turing a number of wounded. Our auccet ? erv
grel, bat not decisive.
The ehtrr of Gordon's TIritrade U represented
ss the gravdett of the war. Our lss thus far
about fivf thonsaad of whom a large proportion
are (dtphtlf wounded.
The fight spurred In s dense! r wnoden cooa.
trr. hence UttTe vr no artillery wsa used In tbo
Cght.
A rLelor. on Atqrlay, midv between P.
tersburj and Richmond, the Yankees were te
pulied with a loss ef ens thontari killed and
wounded.
All the Yankee officer in tLe Llbby. one thvn
fsnd in number, wore em to Ini1le cn Eatnr.
day. Before leaving they heeamo very refractory
An ua-fCrial dcotch frm ItHrUaonKitr:. b.
lieved to be reliable, savs thit MSeill stntck k
BltiTjore aud Ohio Tfiailroad at Piedmont on Sat
urday, deFtr'viobrides. mhin shops and
niue locomotive. TLe tUrigd atnr.tU to several
mitlins f( dollars.
NoxTREaN Nrws. Gold on the 5h 10. Maxi
milaa has sailed for Mexico. The Alexandra ha.
been eireo up to her owners. Cotton advancis
in Liverpool.
From the Albemarle )Vater.
WttuirtOTo.v, Mar 3.
Comma:. "ir-r Cr oke, with his Iron cad .4eMor.e,
engaged nine of thi n.mv'.a gunboats In tbe At
betn&rie sound, on th 6th. Hi mni on an
diiablod vo. f h right Uitcd frox 4 p. u. t'.!
night.
From Below.
Goldsboxw' Mat !.
The er,-ditiin to Newbern turned Sunday
morning. Ws captured 63 prisofrs. Our lei
slight.
Glorious Victory by Gen. Frlre.
MsRtatAN. May .
Steele's army, 9,0f0 strong, surrendered to Get .
Price at Camden, Ark., on th 2th. and Oem.
. Taylir demanded the surrender rj" Aleanlri,
whero Banks forces ate fortified. Result nt
know st last accounts. Ttie enemy are attempt
lag to g.ilu Red river aalget tAlr ba'.a ever
lUpIds.'
Fnrthfr from StfeleN Army.
Mchtt?, Mav X
gi nnU.hia dates cf May 7th, sUi em the at.
thority of the Memphis Bulletien .f U.e r.th. that
r,iC0 of SUele'i troop have arrived at I.iU:
Rock, the balance aie twenty tai'e; ou?.
Steele's loss heavy. They bad de-trovru tbci.
trnti., loit nearly hU their artilierv. ndwafi i
b-.wt'd by Manaadske and Vhinignn t Litt!
Itoeic.
Hr biuff iuoizbt to be def(rir.r Br.k
Lavti dates of tbe 3th report ca authfinty, thai
tel. I). T. Cayer croosei the Miuijr rivr cr.
the 5th. Diipatches from Smith to 'fora Tayb.t
sar Bmrs is 'shut up at- Alexandria with tbt
rontoderates b low cutting off appl:.s. Tbo
Yankeei are trying U- dam up thi insula of tea
ft: to let ou4 the ganbrate.
Raleigh Market.
CORRECTED WEEKLY,
ItV J. W. kCKJF.RS. OKOCKPi.
K A r.vJN" - '-
BEEF, bv the quarter
51KPSWAX
BUTTER
f!ll CKKXS,
C'KN.....
EGGS. .. . .
FLOUR
FODDER
II AY,
IRON, retail)
?-.'0.
4 SO Iff i ;
A fKJj 3. C ')...
s .0.
1h Vn.
IMJjlM
:w V bJ
jo ( .
15 CO pbuc
S.oj
4' .to V' 6
3 00 lb.
so. to V1'1'
ri..' .
tf. W V bun
1 c lb
1 Ct -f! lh
10 o &l r.
3 603 4.00
LAUD ....
MOLASSES,
iATLfl
PEAS. ...
PORK
POTATOES. Sweet
HAGS,
SALT
RL'GARj.
TALLOW,.....-
From ttr Obcon?.
FA Yin SVXXLE MABKIT.
May 3.
Liquor Corn W
Beef. . ..-1 00
keT
Appl and Peach
B atidv C5.C5
M..W S......30 00
Nail 4.oO34 W
Butted .ft.oe
C'dt.in....-..2.00
roVe 15 00
Co ton Yaru....2nff.SO.H'i
Onions Is. 00
Pried Fruit.... 1.50 n
Egg... .2.503 .00 ViU i
Extract Lnjrw-nd
flour 253 M hot
Pork 2 W
Poiato.s Iri b... 15?2A
Sweet... .l6.-2u-t&
Ktc- 1 50
Snvir.. 15 S'
riax-red ....13 M1S
Fodder - 40. 0
Grain Corn.. .$30 3
Som Famvly Bar. ..3 W
Toilet....,.... 5W
fcncxi 10 Ofr
Wheat f 30 00
Rre S3 00
Oau 15 00
Peas $303S
Hid s Green 2.503.00
Drr ....5.S0.
Spirit T"n',n,ia.i.C
KavtteviH- 4-4
Sheet fne' Fac
torv pi e to
theK.te 1.40el
H.v.T. !
jOuUideit' pricet...4 Mft
Iron Swedes.3.50 4.50
Lard 4.00 4.U
1
:SmU 30 0035 00
LeatborUpper .... 1 5.0
Tallow -.: b0 3 0
Bole 15 to lew
Wool - 4.00 1 6 OO
OXFORD FE1IAL.E COLLEfJK.
THE ANNUAL COItllBCEMKVT Or lhA4,
oJcuas oji thcxsdav, ths 2xp or jrsv..
PUBLIC exercise commewoe on Wednesday
evening and close with a Ccaccrt on Thurs
day eveniag,
COL: D. K. JfeRAS'S A DDBXSS
heforv the Clio Society, will be delivered st 11
o'otoek a Thursday. J. H. MILLS.
taalO fi 6t .
Catidtdate fr the BM'.-'-Wf
thori-d to anouice O.I W. II A. SPKEli
of the 2Rth N. a T. aeandidaU to rrprecnt th
coBBtiesnf Yadkin, Surry, Alleghauy, Ash sod
Wataura fat the Senate of tho nest Legulatsre of
5. C. and would reeotnend him as s sutabia maa
for tbe soldiers and us to voto fr at th- el etiou
in August next. MANY CITIZENS,
sea. 11 li-twl4wlt.
TO
TUE CITIIEXS. SOLDIERS ASU RT-
FUOEKS OF PASQU0T4XKV0USTY.
W ?E aro aathorlxod to oanoauee- GEi W.
W HINTON. a candidate to represent raa
uotank county in the t House of Commous.
ma 10-9-dt'wAwte
Jaat Ovt.fthe Uarch . or thr tst nn
Ecleotie Monthly Maet:n , cou amine
VMMfy of Artdeles fraa t.h. Ut t tlfrpa-rrtri'
Vtt. aad a da: pMHottitn -t or, iwf u.4-iti ,
Foi-ol-br 4CABUJ 4
mmj 44Hlb