I.
i i
1
f.
v
n
THE CONFEDERATE.
V.KrLNUAY. April G. 1S04.
3!r. lioldcn UTNiisipjv. Vance Tic Issue.
V. ijxt is II ?
Hi $f,fi.J,zrl i- at. indej endvnt , ccps?r-
vi;;v- ; 5i -r- l':' ' tt:t organ f t-th r
I're-: !-;:;. Gov i-ri.-is r Generals. It is
.;' t G V. Yio hint'-', a- Well to ti.C
.-. . 7. t:.i" w s'.ouli sa'.e th W 1: lef
'.. . r - "'t: '.i-i in ti r '.lews -t the sth-
T :
II- 1-
ar.xiotts as we are
. '
'A- ' i
;'. il:tV
l e lf4
tlta-tsir r.nrt' i v , itb 1
t! e t?r qti ft. lie has fct:!rtfo a (iivi
; -s V '.f kvi 1 tr;.:n t:.- i; -vu, as pre- . 1
. , hi i;j D'i'ii partv. w hen no -thcr part' i
ii.;,.4':c! uj. Tr.at in- i h.!.et -;
' j v; nj-rii n oppose his cai.u ul ate. He lias
l .';' views, ure i ave i
': 'rir. ( :r views a-e we.! kn'v: t :;r
... ...
' r . ! rs. Wf k-lieve tl.at "n:e:e (i!:t;i: '.v s . I
,. i
r.ii ! i" t . v e e I ;
ii .., , t. S i?i ".. public o tru il- f'T
'('. w ft : . our s : r-' n s
'
' . ,
, ,
i- i: 1 t'u-.-e in lh t tirio wu- are -
i o. i t!..i: -j -p. !
.e
ar.' ecr to u;ive p.
b s r i - t in-; a:. I s '!U -
i-, 1 .t th tw z, vcra:n.Mts are
! - y :"i v it - i : tt aiiii s j iiitet.t
p v-io ti tri'iiMp i-, th it i'.u! ss the
ts i " t; : s r"s op ai.-.I !.
it ii- 1 -i" a:. I .r.i! me .s siri!! b.-
-r- .-- . t , t v:.,e t:i i v.ar, r:t - m-ia-
i
;. -t b e;M;4.v. 1 an-.I th . war may be
: :1 :i'e"y. T es virus f our
! err-m-', ti y n:;,!y .
: I ' .' t t s-t r-tt- u tro'n .
, f ; y:s no -i t;-at we
t fh: as l-i 14 a.s .we :irc i )
'r v iiv' V.i'12 aril tit'
e
: - .f th ' in lirl ar- !! reo iiy
us. p.-;s.n :'y a ; r lit:jihv; a:. ! w
u . r is a vnv w- sh -uM it-t ren tin
;;' ;;' o .. Jn'y Mry't.
;. r..:.- ! H i !-:: ch: 1 that an
: v . - i iu: v.t u:e in the army ..n.i by
.h.i:.ibtrii:, v btat O- v. Vn-'e."
V,"i' ! !.! bi 1 :.n-. ih--e tiuuhhriti r s
;i , -v. V inro v. ill st: -d We be-
i: 1 by his 0 -u . lb' h is f
.1 fi!s. to his phd ,"'s or t-i ;
i.';'.' ;' '.'' a, A' just : ; revived in the Yankee j urnals, and
within the past few day we have seen r.n es
: '!": -'. r c har'ji .s that ' tii" ti -tet from the XathriUe Union, urging the
r.-
'..OJ T I
'S t irt i ;p ot pt up
:;l it v. Va-.-c rest sum- 1
'.". d-:iv i; e ebarfT at .! ca'l
v' We areafii. : d f ;
... ;
tli yr
ti v. Vu-.-- txtn-et to n-tiiain s- uhl'e 1
c'-us'tv ttive i .ri no: toes an
r,d
V'-, u-.'r -tich rireii'-vstau. r.
pit up' a catidi:ao ar;.
: . t "X"
uvlI Fi-b.ii'V, lG-' no toe
s t
d;v to- il'-'.'e-i II v.k a:.d I -id.ler
,S p
!irSu Mr. lb !
a ' Silver Gre
i -v. Va: .-, by p. vi ! in itati-n. w.is ;
X an i u oe .se eotvojre : i.,s . 'U .w
wi; i fit! a-s, :;.' ;.-d to h:m. at
W.'.'; -borV ' u the e. t of tho'cottr.try.J Ccj.ie long columns i,f their licks at the
! his p -c'.i. (i ". sh: i : ' l feuerate government, and urges lvinfoicc-
A crtalti u::-j:!.te:;t has pcrv:;del a:.d a ; men's to penetrate our State. Uronly see how
'.uiereat g'o i!i hung over the community. .Kvvitit. the tilktn blood drinker, and liixtcr,
oilmen Icrir. .'. if we credit a wiJ. ruai r 'the traitor, stretch out the hand of fellowship to
44 thr.mg'i cat iho State, a kotion that we rou?f
!i;7? a 'Ymver.t'on : th it we most scceoe from '
ti; Smt!:or:x C ufe ler icy : that we in-t re-
a ii ite the rh '.e t hirer, an I go back and -o
. ;; first wor.: VvT at un "
A ' aveat! on is prpo5d !r yom?. 1 have
:. 1 Miu ici itijn to m ik" of those who are
' :o vi:ir tl.ii ptovi 1:1. They are' as souad
:a "a ;i do :t a I i:a n 3-0 a arc ai any
, Jy they ar j my friend : but I think it is
-w-,n.r- '
It' y vi think. feib-ct"uen, that proper'
"tir s :ov' no; been male daring -this war-
firv t obt-iiu the pe.ue which yoa desire,
v, '. y there can: t be any earthly objeetin to '
-.forts beinz male. I have been in favor f
-Ithymmysvlf.anlfr.mtimeto time have !
-s alv.s.d the Presi lent. - - But
. V -r v.i t recollect, that taere is a lawful '
, ' ,
I iec . I v.-iv n. into I cat hv the Constitution i
o f v. or 0 intrv. ml a-iv t !frt vim make in
wav will he right a d proper."-
Gov
: . .. . w tl, .r.i Tr ilU,! : t'-i 1 1 .
t : -.:h . fJ a'y. by Mr. H-idais own
st.t-n.vit. that he and Gov." Va .ce were botU ,
a-iv.o i-. for peace, bnh hw-U and patriotic, as
Mr. II hn claimed ; that they diifored in their '
views as to the mo 1? of making a peace move- '
meat Gov. Yance proposing to do it through !
tii ' g v?rnm?nt Mr. Hoblen, by meetings cf
th- ne -..!; Uat.'as Mr. II oMoa sai l, this dif- j
forvue did net separate them, and tr ey remain 1
e i r. .-..-): tv-'lpolincjl friends.
Oa the l'Jth of August, Mr. Holdea artfully
charged others with nnchinj'inj against Gov.
V e. caxe out as his champion, to repel
the aEVtnpts to divi le them; and in fall set
p'li-1--- cspresscd his ccnSJence thai the Gover
t: r w il stand by his fiiends; " declaring for
! i; a th it he has nevor yet proved false to his
p. Ires or to his fritmis."
eeorUiT'? tr ATr Hnl.Ipn IKpti CIy Vn '
wi inn: oa tue 10th of dijw.'.
On the -Join of November, Mr. Holden in -
uip.ontly denounced the accusation that Le
w. u!d -put up" a candidate against Gov.
Vance: declaring that he expected to support
l ira, to-ether "with a vast majority of the
ler.eof the State." As the mattertbusstood.it
wa-3 hped and believed by the good people of
this State, that this summer there would be no
chtica! excitement that Gov. Vance would be
ft th etui without opposition. His political op-
1 stunts were willicg, for the general welfare, to
itt the election go by default ; and all appeared
s mooth, fro far as any excitement growing out
-1 the ,;uUiiiatoiiaI c.ttticti Vita likely to
occur. -But in this mevcprit of universal sat
isfoetion, Mr IloMen. aeti-g upon that self
conceited, k !i-coi;s. quvntial, se'f-irnport.u.t
and stl:'-ii.at vl prompting which has been
the bane of his dfe, l ogins o stir the mud j
to ra'se a iWe issue a convention svheine j
professedly Kr the purpose of pe; c but se- j
tr.-ly, for th.purT s s of Mr. llolden ; am! j
the 3rd of Match he ilevtlopes tli2 whol,.
scheme, iifot and contrivance, by putting him- j
sr-li' Mr. Holder. up for Governor of North
Cxi ;io:! ' ins is the whole operation. Ai
more cunningly contrive ! political scheme J
for terse:! aud selfish ol i-e ts. party history j
4I .iu.rl-aT-..i In liMrlllfi tin.- i..ti f
t-.tii4J"iji. a . I'niruii ti.1- liuti , ,
J
i Mr. hi.? ii:uorcl the irencr-il ui-sirc of
;.'!nri(! i::s olni-.itior s of par'v fealty, anl in
. - ..
1'. h-'oao sel se of t!rc term "put UTX tFLF, !
xh -ve ail c.tl.er oii! !er:itio:;s. J
hca 1 t.ffe.ple "puttii ; up
'. :.ft r t'ikiu a S'?v re inetic. In this sei.sM
, . ...
t.i'.- ..-'ev N- rth ( arolin.i, in An-ust, wil!
' i: i p ' !vfr. Hi!'h u .-u.d f oat s" thon-vh-
fv. ilotr f .-r ail tto,e thent er hf will b-'U-ut
-' iv. u, f. r at y fur. her purp les of eli;?hut.-s '
We sh i!i k her 'after more puiicularh, i
!t.f
ti e i.a- Mr. 11 ' den has p.iid in ihis
C '?.Vt
Iu the oberv:itii.rs which re are about to
make, we Lave r.o intention to intimate the
r)S..,,i,r.i of anv mfuruiation wu.ch shcu-J
lr I.;re jr.r.rchen.-ua. Oar remarks are in Aie
v,:l t be geriri-fl ppearai.cos of aff irs. From
;4j s; purees of infr;nation, the plan of the enemy
:lpr e:ir? to be to. nuke a grand concentrated
i:;.ive on Hichinoi.d with a heavy force. In ai l ;
o; th".s movement. histlF'rt will be to asui!, J
with force, as many weak and unguarded
prints as he can, in order to scatter onr forces
at ! prtvent our reinforcing from one to another.
There are indications of a move on the lines of
communication hi North Carolina ; .and it is
n too great a stretch of probability to appre
hend a raid, if not a formidable movement to
wards this I lac. It ha been a favorite idea
w.th ih 2 Northern press, with the Newbern
T.int-x, ar.d with Yankees generally, that there
is a union sentiment ab.-ut the centre of this
State, which" outfit to be reached with sufficient
f. i;. 1. 1 I,.- strengthened and assisted. Very
jat,.i t,e pr. j.ct of an advance towards this
att ;.k ou Richmond and the invasion of this
State, in order to give " loj-.il X-jrtU Corolin-
i "' opportunity to vindicate ihevistlves and their
o.o.r." Who these loyil North Carolinians are,
i-t i i . .
?fry one can renouy a-cenain, wno nas a.i
e;.irtunity 1 ke our late prisoners have ha't,
oi ' heing daily eye witnesses of such notices as
these in Y inetc newspapers :
Tlie noble IKhlen is doing immense service
in the ea-ise of the uiiiot:," " The .bo d ami
spirited Iloldeu is maintaining the freedom of
tl'.e press, and making the tyrant Jell". Davis
trumble on hi throne ; '! and such bke'.
Th se of us who only occasionally get a glimj's
of tl.e.-e tirecicus ub!icati"ns, only s.-e how
j l! e Yankee, abuses Gov. Vance and praise-,
Mr. Held n; how he cajolt s ' John, the rascal '.
as he familiar'y calls the ; ' how he
Mr. TolJen, and how, now that this bepraise l j
personage has announced nim-e'f to bo a trvlf-
r.iaJe canULJat e for Governor, the note of counted
i- struck for an advance into the State. We
bear of preparations uadcr Burnsl.de, ar.d they
p. i:;t to North Carolina.
The people of this State should b5 at once
upon their guard resolved against all pauic,
ail cenfusiou. all disprder to Jo aud perform
whatever may be necessary to defend their
hearth ttonesaud capture the invader.
V.'e Mrge', in another place, some suggestions,
important, we think, to be followed,
: a.-.
SCCrd Circulation.
To f,ur .lstoni,iJ!Iieat) a Slan lard, bearbg
G j , Ajril u numb f
las Uen ciroulatin- am..ug the IsetIATKI.
v . , , . , , ,
,'or i.tar a week, a.s we have- heeu tmi, has
, , . , , . .
s tKiti pncii in ctir naiais. it contains me
tVii.-s.ige of Gov. Bro'A 11, garbled, also garbled
exiraets frm the GoJ'e!trat o garhl .'d, a.s'to I-
; 1. . .1 . ... .".a..- ...... 1 f- n . r. ...1 '
ailtT UICS?I.SC U. Hit: aiiiuwqw, ', -' I
au.ong other c& a !on- and labored attack
Vance, signed cmserv aivv but
bearing "ear-marks . long." that n. one can
question its pateruby. - Itgetlier, it' i one
d those productions that are ioteade 1 to serve
doubtful objects ; and , it is admirably gotten
op for the intended purpose,
yive CQ p:Uticular c ire abou; it ; having
vo,v WA,t ,vi lltl5n;n nf ;ljt nroniie.v
and fairness.
The art!!e we have -allude J to, indeed the
wlh!eof this underhand and ULscrupuloas pro
duction, merits the attention of Gov. Vance's
friends. If it is a specimen of what the cam
. piitiistobe.it will add to Mr. Ilolden's
reputation, if it does uot elevate it.
Distilling. We are informed by one of
' Tiirroct-kf .inr VIllkrior ill ft that fltlV
r 1 -
! go, ng before a Magistrate and making
1 affi.Uvit that a certain pers6a is engaged iu
i distillicg, contrary to the law of tlfe Statef it
; the duty of the Magistrate to have the
j -ffei.der arrested and bound over for trial at
the'next Court; in like manner as he maybe
, bound ver for any other misdemeanor. .We
are constantly receiving complaints on this
subject. Here is a plain and easy remedy,
"They people themselves are to blame if they
Jo not apply it.
! . -
i We learn that the Steamer Advance has
Saftly anivtd, with another va'uab'e caro.
'Begun Again.
ir attention is called to a mpetinir held In'
I I r iat f . .11., tit ..n I O O..J f T 1 1!
..... . s. v.- ii-iit "ii niv ..nil oi t enrnary, Oi
is i ibii ati;)!i i:i th? l'royrtss of yesterday, j
Tiiis m etiur his ro-.iv.xj : That this is j
r. i-Tir), i:ne!iris,; n'i 1 uncalled, for war;" i
"iti it ih'signaJing that it i s on tr.c part -f.
our en joijs a:.l lb;i !e iv?s infereuco
I h it o ir :.,v rniMt'i, is c-.rrvin e A a war o!
this e-cri;? ion. :
It further. pr!j.i?a 'a eonveatio.i of all
th? Sr if-.? in th'? CmfiMl-racy. f'r'tlj; purpose
uf nnking sorri: jfop-i tions t- the Xo'rihern I
or a lasting aid honorable r)eac , -1 - r T . . .?
: , . . , ' 1 i honors paid our Chief Executive by this m blv
to o to sections iri onr once unite!, bat now;, ,
1 l'.'!tlU I .
dii-idod and ruined nntio:, ;" thus ignoring; ' Cavp Skcoxd S.'C. Isfastuy, V
the htivful, right f con.slitut ton-il separa'ion ; Uamkuui Brigade. March' 2?, '.186-4. '
ofth. two t-ations, and nssmniixr .omc re-' Messrs. Lditor-i: We hvr had, for several
m lining ti:itv, and jec .guizing ly a divi- r1a-V? ViV'lct?. f '1" lh
.. . . '.. . tniMiotopy of cimji life. Last week. th rp fell
sion ots-tt o i.sofony nition, m m-okery of tre heaviest la!! of snow that h-.s oecurrl "this
cur separate, nafonality and to the detriment- winter, and it las occasioned 00 little eporf
of our roro'r.jftion abroad. " ' anions the s Idiers.' Sn''n--balliMg was all
And thH Ptreis makw itself the medium !'ie !,"J c,,H,,lesfS h.alileS f.md.t
1? .. . . , between ditjerent companns. re'imrnts a-d
o! coo.mumcattog these proceethngs to the lirigedes. and there wa even oe between
soldie's ind th; jo.blic. Thus agitation is rival d;visi.,ns. in whi'-h-ofiicrs in hizh rank,
rt'Co'nnienced, and at once assumes a shape and ' usmdly of :rave dignity and decorum,
t . defv our coverfiment aud to ' mmsute Vs 1'ticipated Wj,e the snow had melted
,, ,e . r k . awav, .as it did in a verv short time, under the
ircjh. If we are to be safo m .Wi vvami and --nia! ,un of ,everafohvs th -t f .1-
Car'-iioa, this isne should bo met at once, 1 owe 1. Gov. Vance cam", and since then." we
We U.vite the attention of the Confederate have ha 1 the jleas!ire. of listennr to two of
h.Ju to it fVm.in- -.w ir. A. i-w inimitable speeches
. , . 1
C iiottntMit is to commence, its tcml 'ncy is ma
t91iV.1v to biodor tlie public service. We
S ibriit for- t'lir co i sideration vlii'ther a
public m "ting -which denounces the war as
'iin -I rs: an an-J uncalled for," which the
(' mgress jr the ('.nfe loracy has declared
agii: ta firr-igu p-avr, b not ;a e mbina
t'or. or (rouopirai-y to resi.t the lawful authori
t v "f fin-C infed -rate States; a combination
to a,sist the cn my, j.iving him aid cm-
f rt; r?d a oombina ion to encourage descr-
tj, ,.:s .
S"c .Kid -whether a public meeting which
prq: inses inform of nog' tiation with the enemy
11. t recojnizid by the co:isii:uti m and laws,
but in direct contravention there-of, is nor a
'0 iMibinatiou to s'lbverl the uoverninent of
th.' 0;'fed?r.it "S-at.es," by usurping its pro
per !n!( tions ?
-Third whether a -newspaper which pub-
1'sV s s:i'.o
proceed ii'iL's. docs not become a
pT"v to tn offence, ami am name t ' tor 1
. t i V 1 1 I . . f
It is time for the authorities at. Richmond
t . !.. k tl is mafte- in ihe face. Thi move-
if ..' ... . -
nn nt in tbinu tt county is a fkklkr. We
. "
have nl;a:.!n information, that one -of toe
acl-os in it has b en open in his a vowa's of a
re.i iiiies.s for secession from the Ovifodera y
and a reroristructiaj of 'the Union, and that
this f,-s beet; bis talk to soldiers hi d eitizris.
' If' tii:s"vi! oan g on it will grow each lay,
a; ! t" e g - ver: rr.cnt may filsd a : cccssity -im -pos-
.i.!ioii -it for measures of such sternness
ry no one i-e.-m-s to oe present case 01
the i'lO'jntiS jiifsents a fit' opportunity to t?st
the q-test ion as t how. far tliis sp.'eies of as-
set; iiiaor is !eoi;i mate, . and whether" this is a
liuhtf'i! exercise of ihe lib rty of the press
to !!-:-'.ke f-!i( h pubiiia'i on. - We.do not. wish
rosy t;;;rm t nitr te'ghb'r of the I'rnrrev,
fin-' we apprehenel it will not object to the
i.-stte ! eir.g solves! in ihe .vay we prp.;se. If
tla.e is nothing wrong uotiiiug iil gitimate
:. t... 1.1 K'l .... T. vil Ti. f 111 tl.n lir, .1 -i. ..1 1 t 1 ' rw' tl- '
Con.tirssu-ner wiU h find; and the i thes: ' -
i i i i . - i i
imeimes can le he.d and into ished to- air-
I
l eiu'n coute.it so! an4 evil
fhfir c. ruscfjuences may be. 'bit if the i"o- '
ce.,:io-rs am! ilioir miblioatioo foil within iho 1
, " .- , ... . ., , e t he Gov i nor s lomrs. lor tl tm t do so. oiir
unlaw ui combinations we have, spoken of. , , . 1
1 ' eorn spoiident took no no'es it was imp
then the Commissione r will find that the li5e fnan , tliR sela( p(.;llt lo do s and
p.i--r will be suppressed: s far as its prevent ; earmot therefore give aaythh-g like a syn ps"'s
c i ir. r is ooi.cerne-l , and the ar.uv -will oU-ajn ! bis remarks lut as your readers would
... , t .. I like to know wiiat the Governor talke-d tons
a vahtable seooi. r here, and others m 11-u-nett i . ... , . . , ,, . - ,
. I about. We will try to quote so.no things lie
for the woit punishment wo desire to see, is s.tj, j..Mn, Hneun i y. .
Coiisci iptron. . Tne (4overioc was introduced by Gen.
.... e . ., - - '- ., ' 1 Rtm ear - lb begarthis speech by 'remark-
i be atrention of the authoriiies is earnesth' . . t. i i- .
J li-T :ii.io;: nr tay ne ao.ilix-sspei Ins near-
invited lo this nu-tier in the interest of the! t.,'"as fo:low-s, 1 iiors," but on second tlmughr,
pnhlio, lest a more grevious calamity befall Lo ree l! ct d that althoj h he- wa ; o:,ci o
us. 'Let us know what the law is. and whether ; n ,f no.v having skulked
, , . - , ... , ; -i-ut of service bv ':eiUT elr'cte-l to a Itltle r fito
it has l en passed to be maintaine I or to 1)3 ; . .i n.r n, .. ... .1 I r'f '..o
f , i".lov'n in iSori'.i Cii'lina a el ne ieit tnat ne?
trilled with.. , I had no ; i.jht to greet them by that term.-i
We niiderstaud a Commissioners has been ! wtc no; his F d'ow-cdiz-is," and he
: , .. , ! k .ew of onlv one other tt rm to use a term
so: p.tul uii.ter tl. late law. Mr. iJouien anel .
hi friends have derived and are deriving all the !
advantages ot tin; cry of jiersecution. Ignorant j
people ate e verv where being told that the j
tfl.:i'inlnri has been suppressed that Gov.
Vance has n fused to protect him ; and upon
theso and like misrepresentations, his claims to
po.pular sympathy are put.
X i where but ia N rth Carolina are such
proceedings is thoe of the Harnett meeting
a lojifcd. No wheic but in X r;h Carolina
do ; he pnss publish such proceedings. Every
where but iu Xortii Carolina they are regarded
and deuounct-d as treasonable and criminaj.
Here in North Carolina they are claimed to
be within the popular privil eg-s, todold such
meetings, and to be legitimate in the press to
put finch preoeedings ' in circula ion. The
I'icjrcss makes the issue. In one sen ee it
has a right to make it. We trust the govern
ment will meet it. A decision in the case of
the Progress will settle the law in the State,
and all" good citizens will abide by it. For
the benefit of all, the sooner it is. settled the
belter. '
A communication from Kiuston, and one
frotn-Fayetteville, are declined, because the
writers do not give the Editors their real
names. Our rule is peremptory in this mat
ter. We lo not. even .read communications
unaecompained by the writers names. It i s
unreasonable to ask Edi!ors to publish an
article, in whom the writer lias not sufficient
.confidence to privately entrust with his name.
We are unable to find a copy-of the Fayette
ville Observer containing the proceedings of the
Harnett county meeting, which we are requested
to copy. The Editors of that paper will oblige
us by sending us cne.
f Army Correspond! nee of the Confetie rnte. f
n
J u nil
IJphs'. Vo.r 07hl at (hi IleaJaniriei si of tht
Thhiief7tmX. C Rrfjiintntin the l' tstt c
of Gen. Le at., I his reteraa Officer mtd
Ma Gi fiu l Kevittc in Ihmor of the ttoc
emor. d:
Tlsrmigo the pr mpt attention of our arnr
r..rre.spondent"G." with the army of Northern
Virginia, wo are enabled to lay U fore our
readrrs the following sketches of the addresses
of Gov. Vance in the presence of Gen. L e and
his veteran arntv ns tl.n T...;r,,..;.i.,i
On Satuptiv. he simk
spoke to 0 very .hirg
audience of Nor. h Carolinians ni the quarters
of the 531 regiment, of Iniel's bri-jnde. and
ngain'oii yesterday, t all the North Ciro
lininns f ti c 2-1 corps and the 1st X. C. cav
a ry. . I i is spoeu'i on S tfurday was li-teoel
to with marked atfenti 11 and had the elfeet
of rhe(ri"jr, in n:A:n;tli degreo, listening
soldiers. I was g'a lto see, n S.itur.la1., on
the speakers stand, fo manyr f ov.r c'1 ief
haters, ane-ng them Gens. lye. E'.vell, Hid,
'Bodes. Vl'ezho'v" Johns- n. Jeh Stwart
Ihxmenr, and Stewart, of Maryland ;.at,d I
am ii.f rmed, duiior the "Governor's stay with
"us, ii has receive d all the courtesy ard atten
tion fr tn our chiet olh -ers to whkl.tl e Exec-
utive of nr State is entillod, and the high
merit of the ma 1 is dee.
Iu! t '-day Ins beet: the gala (lay I wfis
pr'op ed on Saturday, th:.t a g":uid review of
the Xorfh (hro!irians of this nrmv itorjis
be held in h nor of.t'ne Governor, ad i' can.e
oll'on yesrerd iyin "'all the p mp n nd Circum-svo-'
c of glorious "var." -A'l the briirades
aial parts of loigilos, hai'ing .fro o the old
North State, were oat in fill foree, and pre-
'ented a spienoi-i ppe tr mce, m military
l,P;i:iNLr as well a; in everv tbir.- e'se that
the m.f anient well-w-'sh'er c itild des:ru
The i "oirl, array 1 the c'hlren ..f old Kip
Van Winkle 1 n't'o-s -.xu d v t rans ..:hey
. . , ,. , . ,
stood m 1 og liiki a'tno t as .far as too eve
p0ui,i ,c:v., , v i t .their alns ciistcninji the
bscht of the nO'-u-dav sum or, wl.yi y io
column, in an .hundred sub-divssi-t s, vi?h
bullet-tort fl ios lining, they n archo 1 with
soldierly r-eision a:oun(l"tIi& revievy ground
could not hut impress the oWo: ver with
t!,ii mrg itudo of the p over which the ( 11
Xotth Stile -wields in this contest, for freedom.
ind this mass if men were only a part m f.
half of l er -rep-e-entativus in the arrny of j
X01 th rn Virginia. '-Tne scori or mav sno r
f.,( .,, vitlings defaine her," I ut h-r j-eu( Is I
here shit e with a lntie unsurprised by no: .p,
and bv tt.t.ir real Worth and "valor in every
j battle Ge''d of Virginia, hav; woo the plaudits
: of the unpej:idiC'.-d: wrung praise fiom lhe
unwilling, and placed her name m h tbo-s or
living on "insmry s siorv. tr.r ' v-nji-
taiu-Genrral a"d Conimandpf-in-Ci:ief'," ac
companied by Maj. (Jen. Rodps r.nd st fl", mle
eS ov. 11 tlie lines, and the troops theti broke iiin
coiuinn and muchod pa-t the reviewing ofji-
...1- n:T .r ll'lil-.h 1 itl-17 l'l 1 1 1 I I tTi 1 I l"l t I . U
quarters of the 3'ith X . C. Regiment, w litre.)
a siatd bad leeri er cted, t hear tho speech
. ... , . ( M
iiilii't n.il l l' lilt' (ri' rpnr . iiunwn
packing, as t i k as they c r.ld stand, ad
around, the nu lietiv Were perhaps enabhv.l to
hear tue socc-h, ui it was no little strain on j
that lhcnj by thoir Ct,nirade,
rrom. ot;t.r States' tar-heels " and he
-would borrow the term, and address, them as
Ftllvw- Tir-lUas.
lie Sai'l OO Mitm o.- iu nuiiint jicai.'-
evcrybinly in the Confederacy wanted jiece
and as the -blessed .word was first in every-
hcdys nuaith, he would make it the first j
poir.t in his address, lie tlien discussed the
t frubiectin all its bearings, and showed plainly
i ' . ... i
f that the only way for r.s to obtain peace
honorably was by lighting for it. that it was
impossible lo negotiate a peace with our ene
mies, expressed liis willingness, however to
send.commissieniers whenever it was thouglrt
necessary, although he felt sure our enemies
would reject and refuse b receive them, but
that he was willing to b ar the humiliation,
that Europe and the world might see that
the bloodshed and misery caused by this war
was not of onr making, and that the Uni'ed
States Government alone was responsible
therefor..' .'He was oppostnloiit and out to any
separate State action ; it wa unconstitutional,
would look like acting iu had faith witri .our
Southern sisters ; and if cttenipted, would
only make matters worse. He depicted iu
glowing colors the consequences that would
result from any attempt of the kind ; that
Lincoln would uot treU with us, without we
first laid down our arms, and submitted to the
most degrading terms ; that it was impossible,
from our geographical position, if lrotn no
other cause to be neutral; ii attempted, we
would haje both parties on us ; we would soon
be in a worse condition.thaa Marylyid or
Kentncky, that we would be compelled t
either assist our Southern brethren, or to j in
Lincoln submit to. his drafts, pay his taxes,
figlit ouroirorades who have fought by our
sides for three years past, and become the
miserable fclives and vastals of the most rotten
and corrupt people ou the face of the earth ;
that it would transfer the seat of war to our
own homes, causehe whole land to become u
howling wilderness, onr families outcasts,
homeless, and ourselves despised by all, and
our memories handed dowu in history to be
execraftid and loathed by generations yet un
born. He begged his hearers to listen not to
M e f.jrrn voice of evil-minde 1 men. wh
v ii W advis-e them tn pursue ti l ignis faiuus
of p ice. That if we we-dd oD y stand bv our
I ts. maintain our orgHmjutfon aud disri
1 Ime and continue V t-jir k bed llv in the
lutme ns fl the past -for h- u. f c-il .m and
in h pendpnee 'lie pum of Knee w.od I .n
t'm- in ti.e p:l.it and siiwlifsbp ,jngn r ver
air war-w in latid. Any otin'ro-ft,. would
b ad to elisor -r, disolutfoti anl ruin.
"He said tba.totir nrosoec's were isevcr hrieb
bT tlr-iii, at prcsnt ; that the people ev ry- j
wh ro were dairy Le.-oming moretehoei ful nd
Kiugmneof otir final success; thaf the spring
campaign lad opened nuspkiously, and Yic
torjj had already be en given ns ; that out ar
mies every where were recruited and sticngth
rneel. and were full f hope anel confidence;
that they were hel i well in hand by the ablest
ge"mrals the- world ever produced ; and he
. ,'ave it as his opinion," that if we even he ld
air own, or weie victorious in the pending
camp' ign. fijhtrng won'd b- virtually ended
by to- lime the leave s begdr. to tall in autninn,
an-l fi. ally the war w.mld languisi and die
out fiun the utter exhaustion and heirlless
rieKs e.n th jiart f our fo' ?. Negotj . tions
would then tke the place of warriors, and
the X.irth, dispirited by lot-g and continn el
disaster and ill-sucrcs. Would then listen to
reason an-l the dictates of wisdom, and sub
mit o teims Ho has. d this pinKu en the
evid 'nt indications ef the times. Oar f. cs
wool I soon be plunged into the whirlpool of.
aiMth r presidential Campaign, and tlie prize
the various p arties would contend for would
be the ride and pitmmge of a government
which makes millions of monee anl with
the we lUknovvn yankee proclivity ami tiiirst
for the almighty doll ir, tiieir minds, now cen
terel em the single id . a of our subj ig -iiion,
wiil bt: bent oft securing th sp ii's, and in
.their ea-jerhess for gain and place, dis-e ni"US
an I schisms will arise which will pirtli'ze
the eovfrn.rient's efforts ami de-iVat their med
itated iotentions. Tlnr . i-e. twi, already a
sToirg peace party at the North." and as
the ya ikee begins to Cf m prebend the
main fact in Ids minel the billions of dolltra
Jjis g ivcriiment i9 fruitlesslf throAing away
in this war, observes the rapid deprecation
f his gr en-back currency, and the efovliue
of their commerce 'and traife under its influ
ence th-it peace paty will increase in strength
untibit is fully Successful. 1'hey have, also,
at last, found that we ae ia d-adly earnest.
They have aben'y b gu.u to rcaliz- the truth,
and despair i g radii illy sinking into their
he'arts. Their le iding men and newspapers
declare that if their arms do not" crush the
rebellion" this summer, thf:y never wiil. and
they openly jroelaim that thei.-uc i staked
e n the appr laching eamjiaion. They are
a-rfad, disperitel and seared, and. tin wa
ti'g strengtliO.f the'i.r ixliaiistcd efforts i
d mo. sr rated in their vain attempt to recruit
their force-, lor which even enormous boun
ties are-of no avail; the iiU.nb-rl".ss draf's
that I ring no lfieh, and the mot'ciing and
liissct sioi.s hai ar i bservidin tin ir Councils.
All this b-tokeiis a fligging ui their. pirt, and
it is a i bisto'ical truism wnich asserts i hat.
an oirme-ssive warfa e that once tligs never
rafos." . . a
C)id Alje and his connsell a-s are b- giunin-g
to see the end, m d they had there f re sent
tioir list hero, G ant, to c -Tifr mt us. and
th'y h ivedetcrndndi to in:'ikeu-e ur ire mighty
elf a t to c: aish We tn 1st whip this hero
and i.is army, said the Governor, and r woik
is doji ; whip him, nnel thcrtty maul grace
";: o'-into tin ir iinhetieving souls, J t, Would
tloi; a- sure as w whip him, and he felt sure
that the iesu't of ihis eaujiiigu wo.od send
'him into ihe sliadcs of privatti li e, to keep.
r inpauy v.idi the otlier In rocs nf iior, un-vi-il,i;
I'he Gnvel nor th"U r".i ed the iSt caoi
paigi.s of tiie army f Xo;ih.-:n Virgtai i. At
the" begiiining of the war, when M e hem of
liUnd Ij me and Sally Gor o r (Cera G 'tda)
Scott Was put i.i Co nmand of tt;e vat.k-e
army. The G-.verimr quiked ;n his tio-ts with
tear, -and th ught that Gen. S ott w .uld
inarch Ifis army from the i'olo.nac t-i the III
. G.ando iu one e imp tigu, but a ni -n by the
iniM e; of JJauiegar-l met him at a p ao called'
I ill ..no, an. T old Scot t bad n -t U( n heinlof
since. McDiWel! w is bifted in thn- sa'ue
g'ae lint e; ve c l So at Theo erne Me-Ch-I
hiuth 'Jjiffl; Xapoholi'' wlni oM-k t iiig
easy a-d slow, afil wlio m..v. d p.ino'eio.i.-i v
alwti until he gain d the banks oil rhe C ucka
liotiiiii v ; then a man by the nunc of Iae op.
posnl :iini in four', a man b-y the name of
Jat;k sou, sometimes called Sto.e'vah" fl ink
edhini on the ri j lit. and a man by the nuns
of Vanre xcilh the "2-jfi X. 0. trtjuH'nt attack
ed him ou thiJ left, and bctwe-y a tbeiu they
os?d him ilean up. Hardly left a giva.y f-pol.
Pope avhs n xt br ught forward, V r, e was a
man who h--l .previously figured s.-m wfjere
our we st, -and Uatc(J that a rebel ha 1 never
set u his back; W was going to eat ti-t up
without salt ; i-it J i-eks .n"s skirmish us tau
h;m iniothe l'otonia? river, and Father Abra
ham sent him ns. minister phnipoVntiary to,
the Pawned Indians. Rurnvde e;.tmo next,
and on the he-igbts of 1'Vedcrick.sbtirg he was
seen afir off, bit one figy m ruing ho lii
appeved, aud has not lecn seen sim-e; he
was. gain red ut:to hi-e t a' he r.i in A ir.dran's
bo.-ii:n, and "Fighting Joe mm meet Hwktr,
wa sent to reign iu hisste td. He was treated
worse than any of the r?sf; be was bidv
thrashed at ChanceJl-irsville, and aftt rwar is
t hst en a marc'i, anel the yaukee army took to
" Pennsyiv.itiia. Meade came nex, but di ! not
tarry mng. and they have finally seat Grant
to complete the Golgotha of heroes. Grant is a
man who has won his spurs by lighting with
the odd, in his favor, at about ihe haoie ratie
that Confederate money sedls for specie, tw enty
to one. Now, Idiers and fellow tar-heels,
siid tho Governor, 'whip out (Lis army ami
hero and 44theJbaby is born and his nime'ii
Retsy."- Peace will be ure to follow Ho
cxhorte-i the nvn t i c)ntinneteallst to the
n l. Maintain thj.iriranitioiA et a li tie
longer, obey their i-flicer, and follow their;
glorious, and heroic leader, and all wn'ild bo
well. Vict ry Independence weal or wew
was with them, aud with them alone. If
- thy gave way, al was lost. lie begged them
' newer to desert ; he 'implored them never to
listen 4o the persuasion or influence of bad
men who would persuade them thus to cast a
foul stain of eterual dishonor on themselves,
and on their po-terity ; and depicted tho moral
suieide of th e who thui dlshouoreel and dc-
graded themselves, in glowing and eloquent
terms. "
Jo justification of the people of North Caro
lina, he told bis bearers, t bey were as true to
the Confederacy a any people in the whole
land, although it was intimated to the con
trary hat there was little or no disaffection,
and there was uot one man in twenty through'
out the S:ate but whose whole hetrt was de
voted to the cause, and wejuld do any thing in
their power for their soldiers in the field. It
is true,-he -said, there was' some growling
among the "principals of substitutes, who had
laid tne flattering unction to their souls, that
they could fight this war out by proxy. They
were disappointed, and disappointed folks
tcoulJ grumbje, but his poph, were a law
abiding people in far, t: ey particularly be
lieved in TIIK Law and he was Pure tlie IaW
would lib pronounced ron4ltutional hy th
Supreme rem rt When .it met, and that tlirsc
men wniild eibey its bcheatii likn good citizeun,
lie said that many of them wouhl doubtless be
pent ui he rem j in us ; he wanted us to treat
them-kindly, rot to p ke fun at -them and
call then con.cr'iits.'' but !arn them to Le
gorvl t-t'eliers, und hi- word f .r it, they wouhl
fc quit themselves with credit when tlicy con
fruit eil tlc e u,y. He said there wa another
clj!. who uvd long ranged guns, aud wanted
to thit't at long taw sh'iet frti street e-)rneM
in North Carolina atvankeeft in liosUn, wiio
male a nughty fuss, kicked up a terrible dust
ftnd stink, bat were very harmless. He tol 1
tin, the people of North drolina always criti
cized, thvir government and its ads, and of
teiithne cmplarticeHfcnd grumbleel at its laws
when made, and t'ven made;.thrists when tluy
thougiit hciri unjust, -but no people n the
face- ofth earth obeyed its behests with morn
willi gne8 or alacrity than they did, heu
the law Wj pronounced constitutional
It true, ittuch dissatisfaction was mani
fested at the suspension of the habeas corpus
act many thought it uncalled for and extreme
ly unwise; and for his part, h did not see tha
use uf the suspension. Hut Hmt dissatisfaction
did not indicate that fhe was going to do any
thing lepernte, and would Tint. Demagogues
and bad men there were ell oer the hind, wh.
sometimes attempted to faui these popular dis
satis.'ictions into flame, for their own enJs,
but there was uoManger nf the goeul pwple of
North Carolina perpetrating any such folly.
They were patriotic, true and IujmI, they ome
titnes hO iestly diifered from other people in
matters of public policy and propriety, but her
popular heart be it iu nnis'on with her soldier,
and her determination was as strong ni ticir
to fijjht this war through to victory md inde
pemfonce.
Y ur correspondent fia left cut many of tho
important points made in the Governor's speech,
but he ban already swelled his letter to an out
rage ms . length, and will cut it edi-rr. The
G 'vi-Hor illustrated his speech from his inex
lnutiblj snpplv of aaecJ tes, and kept hi
audi.oice in a broad grio throughout. Ifis
speech was well received, and has cheered the
soldiers a great desl. Gov. Vance is their
choice fur Governor and ny brig de will ' give
hibi arwalmost unanimous te. lloldvn stock
is considerably below par, an1 is getting worse
eve v day.
Vre is nothing tiew if camp. A rnbi "torm
Ii h cii g'dng on for the pat twelve Iroir.
and of coui se, no tuorcmeut is auticipitfl et
r. whiie. ,G.
AIWH XKW'S. -
i'io.Tiii: IIaimpan'. -Latest inf rinPion
from Gen L h's armv irives m in li ii.n of
an vnmedi.ite euienitig of the campoiiu. n
I've n the Il'pMau and tin Uappuhinnock
riv is -xro esiinnted Vat kee f rei'tlm s nAt -cei
d thirty five tf.o'isaii-r.
O e day last week very he ivy an-l e.notimi-on.-
eannona I i i jr . accompanied by sharp ines. .
ket' v of several hour-' duration, win heard
in the direction of Coltvpr Court lloiw.
No definite" cause has been asigne-l .bid ru
mor tellj e.f another difticulty am ng tha Yan
kee troops
() i Tuesday morning, almut 2nVl k.threo
men. from the Stonewall big:i.le, ent 'rel tho
great, bend if lh" Uipid in, between Tobacvo
stii k Ford and Mon t m's Ford, for tho pu
pos,j of firing up n the YatikeH? cavalry a ihcv
camo down in th" morning to wa'er their
h-iises. Hy dayl'ght. ho-vevor. the ptrtv
w.mov. th-rughly liillcd that they ee-t!d
tiojy.iit hmger, so they fimd nw iv at the
Yankee 'pickets', xvho were in and around a
i;ote ou the opp-isito toelo if th .uream.
ab- ut a hundft-d ami fiffy vards iistant.
Tm 'e fell at. the first fire; 'he greatest ron
st,o . iion prcvai'eil among the c:i'r.iv; tin y.
t'i! o"d out -en hi'isie, threw e 'tit sUirmish-r,
a' d pr jnred for a general attuk. C).lr b ys
live I again, au-1 retreadeel aoro.se tho PoHo.u
Im !. turning the Ymkoei lire ." to- W :.
Ab 'nreii rjtui-i'l sarely to tluir regi.no it.
. Tm enemy's iek ts siy th it Got'. tJnnt
has 'a!;en r;4iimad of th army of the Pu
ma . () ir men are most excellent piii'..
To the b -ast of GeMi. tjraut, that he
wir'i thirty thousand men, whip out .
L - o:ni , our biys say that he canon' cn sa
the river in opposition to Kwell' crp afoo .
d'o an aceep'able present wis. r evivitl a
J'e.v d is sinrei iu the shape of a qilou'Sly l
X'l lh nt wM!eo snks, t be ditiri hated to
too . sei'dierM v'li-i;e houiea a.V in piss!Sfl'Il
of 'he public neihy.
tloveroor Vautv, of North Croibn.i, ad.!
CMin'injis to address tho North Carolina
troops, f lis spee'chcs aro vivifying and r
eiv d with enthusi ism bv all who ie ar him ,
iro s fr-en other States as well as hisvn,'
A irrau I gam? of bass -ball was played n
Monday hiht. tiie content being betwee n tue
members of G:r, Stalf irdV L i'iii uu lliig.i de,
of .M ij. t n. KdWiirvr Johnson's Dloi ni,
ami G m. Hays'. Ij-ui.-.iana l)rig.ib of M j.
G"o. Ktrly's 1). vision Thy stakes wcro
$.'0 ) n si b. Ttic iran was won, aft r a c-i'
te.t ol two ii-uir Mud a baif, hy G'iii. Il ij a'
Pi i .'ale. Ilirhufiid Enu ircr.
We learn frun the Montgomery A tc ',
that on the night of the 14th insti- t, tw
companies eif St;ite militia, cinpris:ug 70 men,
comuMiided by C.ipts. Henry Smith ivid .Sam
uel Henry, crossed the Tennessee river, neor
. Guutarsville, surprise! a campol 100 Yau
kee., and succeeded in killing !ivo a'l I eap-Mri-ig
. tbty nm, with their horses, arm,
ac'niitremciits, and all their stores. Tnoy
brought the prisoners, borK, Hifely V
this' side f the river. Toe Yankees Wtra
killed by onr men with the butt end of their
mi:kets, an they could not g-t their eons to
go off. The are now armed with Sp.'neer
rifles, captorrtd from tho enemy. Our loi
wasmie ki Iel and one wounded.
Tue Richmond . Sentinel of the 31st ult
says :
"There was no news of interest fr mi Frede
ricksburg Iit evening. We mentioned on
yesterday the capture of three of our men at
Falmouth, on Monday eveniug. It appmr
8'nnc b alf dozn of our men went across tho
river to see some citizens haul a seine. Whilo
watching the fidiermcn. fifteen or twenty
Ynnkees dashed in atrrong tbem, robhod several
of th; citizens of their watches, in moy, and
hordes, aud cijitureJ tliree of th soldiers, who
were attempting to'ep9 by running. Toe
others kipt still and were overlooked. The
enemy-were from the Crow, 'xee m;leK
ub ove-Falmouth, where a,hQt four hundnxi
of that. notorious u&ng of thioves aiiH tumtf-
sins
eel." -the Harris Ught,Cvdfy are s'adior
' We jjin in the hope recently cxpreed hi
an exchange, that in. Moruti will be al
low d to prosecute bis plans, withpnt having
erery movement and evciy purposp eh roup
tie!, for the benefit oi the cucmy. Why not
let him fall upon them as a'surprUo ?.
Thera Li n doubt that the Yankees arc c n
c ml rating a very heavy force id front of (Jen.
Johnston. Largo retuforcetnents aro con
stantly passing through Nashville bound for
the front, and uo one there doubts that the
great battle of the war U to be fought in
Northern Georgia.