THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY! April
It is a peculiar cbaracteiistic of the 'vice of
gambling, that it s-eks escape from bad luck
l.y doubling the .nA; nl ihe inveterate
habitue learns to compose his muscles, how
ever disi-ompo!J his njvef, as lie Hings bis
la?t p. session he hazml the or t"c
turn of the card.
Ju this spirit of hopclei -desperation have
the Iut mea.siircs of the yankee goverqmsnt
been adopted. Three yea." of nn successful
invasion ei.-vm.-ns national and inJivid-.nl
m.i i
indebted-ic; jrocctire ba.oiruptcy just
" ri.-ing tho hill failure of well concocted ,
e;huw;' rpuis'-'s of movable column, " re
puUd ty tirm and. space ; " disastrous
defeats with slaughter ami flight? unmista
kable' preparation fronting on every side :
At home intestme hate, strife, dieoTd, pent
up, dammed, walled within spue" w Herein -arc
firmed reservoirs f " mHIioTis of cubic feet
of wild and' reckless fory, threatening to
break, toimm the barrier and to deluge with
flood, lands, twi:s, and people.
Snco is t'ne affair now in baud, to Ihc m
bling yankee n ation. Tne las? stake is reached,
and it rnu-ti? played out ; the reck ess,, des ,
pirate, ru'ned gamester never "jumps the
game." The only hope, and that r. slim, and
gaunt, and famished one, lean on a campaign
ju-;t now to open. If that fail, this withered
hop" falls down tra'isformsl into a bw? and
grovelling despxir. Thus, says the New Yoik
JL rnl l the be.-jt pp'.ikcsm m that - they hv-
and ignite at? honest, as their bt;-ti
'We niiut succeed in this impending military
campaign, or this war tor the Union may must
prove a di-grae -fell and ruinous failure. We can
not safdv g7 beyond another year, with a yearly
e.per;(iiiu:"e of eight or nine hundred millions."
And a era in "We ii.ut bring the rebellion to the
dust this coming summer ; or the discontent of the
r.i. t) I.' in tlie loyal States may must ripen into
feeriHS of viole nee, di.erd and anarchy, ar.d our
Presidential election of November next may must
be the end of the chapter."
All tiie oiit-spoke i neces-ity of the h(ur is
uttered iu ti.is short phrase ;'Vc mxs!," and
On t Richmond'' is a,'ain the stake. Tiferc
is the I fold ol't '.a-, r 'belli :i fixed, on vtulch
the " telling blow :? is to be struck tiiat is to
finish it! and Grant the trump club where
vithlo strike. Tim New York H'.'uld says
the conveniences aio id mento:i8 to meai:
if tiiey fail now, tin; war is ended ami 1 dis
gnee and ruin for th-m : tke reservoir eif
efit-uo hit', with its hualrel m'Uiois of
cubii feet of r.;pre-s-'d wrath and fury, will
Jm.st the forty feet of embankment and elu
luge Yankeedo::i , a a ShelVee-Id in Iviglaud has'
been lately deluged; only in this last Hood,
ther3 was pure watw-r, and the unhappy peo
ple who were droAtiei hid the eonsditioii
of a clean, de it h but wh en tlio V:mko del
uge oomes, the u they who g.) down in by it
will le b iried Ixmeath mire, and .swasii, and
filth, and putrid , loathsome, squalUd concre
tion vi ye.ir.i of vice, depravity and wicked-inr-s.
Yet a little whil-j to stay the Hood,
(Irant, on horseback and in the saddle, is. to
ride.. Through him, yays the lhrahl, this
rebe'di'.m must bj brought to the dust! Ih'13
t'innner; or violence, discord and anarchy
will grow ripe. Can they, the Yankees, do
all thi ? (In man in the saddle ride
down the miglry determination ol our r-j-eu-'
firtetl herots?
Take heart, oh! my countrymen. Cur caise
never was half sohopefnl as r.ow; our strength
never half so formidable ; on r resources never
half so abundant or so readily within grasp.
If it le true tint the Yankee mind has con-
eeutrated on Richmond as the necessity, it is a
(iod's mercy in our behalf. Between their pos-
se i n of Itiea ioad and them, there re long,' J
long diys of m ireh. of wit-!h, of labor, of at- j
tio.i. ot Uitt If? not the first timo cssaved not
the first ly many times failed in.
If we only do our duty : if we pour out the
national resources if we stretch out the na
ti nal strength, the end is near at haaJ glori
oin redemption an end that will be compen
sative for all that we have endured."
'i he .wf.
o liichtnond wiers were printed on !
S it.ird.iy last, and no mails having b.-en- re
ceivta! here from the South since last Thurs
day, leaves us without exch i nges from which
to select new. matter to-day.
IW tt.oxv-.v l-;-,., ..r
h nio . f the mails, it idue to our subscribers
fc.ist and west f Ilaleig i to state, that no
mails by the North Cirolina llail Ivnd, hive
1 ..'a sent from, or received at the Kaleigh'
Post O-lice since 'J hursd ay last, till yesterday
mondug, when a mail was sent west. The
Conf. derate has lien duly printed and.put
in the lst Office here, but owing to the
trains ou the Uoa l being used for government
trat.sp irtation, they hive not been sent away.
We h 'pe the mails will resume their regular
operations from and after to-dav.
A eominuniealion signed "Justice," from
theCI-t N. C. lii'giment, is most respectfully
CjiIiiKil. We cannot make the , columns of
tiie C nledjrate a vehicle for personal invec
tive ; ar.d if the abuses complained of do really
e.;t, the authorities at Richmond are the
pK'pcr persons to lodge the complaint with.
For The Confederate.
Seventh Congressional District. -
I here aie three candidates, Fester, Ramsey
and )ach. The two first for the Confederacy,
and the latter fcr himself. If Foster arid
Ramsay consent between themselves that we
should vote for the slrongegt man, I am sure
Poster is the man. The people had settled
t! Foster in this Qrt i f the district, before
they heard Ramsey was a candidate. Leach
i opposed to Vance and Holden, but for him
M" ll. Indeed he mav be said to be a Ltach
" DAVIDSON.
L f.x i no ton, N. (j.
Vi'hy is the letter K like a pig's tail? Because
it is the end of pork.
From the N. Y. ITcrald.
The Spring Campaign.
r
fTS IMPORTANCE AND PfiOPPKCTi GENERAL
Grant on ThgUuao to RichmondWhat
is Befuke -Us. -
We are on the verg of a decisive campaign
a campaign wldcli will bring the -rebellion,
to an end or cover with disgrace and confusi m
the Government and the loyal .States. 'As the
opposing armies now stand, a; I the advantaged
of Dumbcnt, facilities, position ar;d strength
penr to be fco overwhelming on the side of
the Union, that hardly "tin shadow of doubt
disturbs the publie anticipations of complete
success. From all the indications, however,
on the other side, it is apparent that the rebels
in 'hi campaign, will tight with the energy
V
forces now estimate
j m in tj;C el
of despair. "It is their last chance. AH their
cd at three hundred tlious-
tieWl and all their resources
are staked upon the coming struggle They
feel and confess that tbeir situation is des
perate; but on every side they are preparing !
for a terrible resistance. j
In this view it is a matter of universal:
congratulation that, under the pressure of pub-
lie opinion, Congress has spoken to the Pres
ident, ai d that the President, in ' compliance
v.ith the voice of Congress, has placed all the
armies of the Union under the direction of
General Grant. The -country is satisfied that
this proceeding is- eminently wise and well
timed, and that it caunofpossibly fail to se
cure the most glorious results. The steps
already taken by General Grant in the work
of re-organizing our armies for active fight
ing, are very encouraging. He puts his most
thoroughly tried and approved officers in t lie
mo.-t important positions, beginning with tbe
sagacious and intrepid Sherman, a his success
or in the command of the great department
which stretches from East Tennessee to the-Ui-issippi
in one directioi, and tc the Guif
in t'ne 'other. But the announcement which,
we accept-with the highest s ui-faction is that
which locates ihe ht.fUarters of-General
Grant wi:h the.army of the Potomac. With
that' heroic army we have had, froi.; thj
beginning, the m st inviting ' oppa3ni'ties
offered lor a decisive blow "to the Davis Con
federacy; but the mismanagement of that ar
my, thus far, has been our only serious draw
back. Now wo may confidently look for
better things than 'cost'y defeats ui blood anil
treasure, foolish lahls, uupVofitaMe inarches
a: 1 countermarches, and undecisive victories.
We dare say that General Grant hs 'dis
covered tha: Kiclimo.ndis the -head of the rc
belhon, and that a idling blow upon the head is
the readiest trail to finish it. - We su-pect that he .
! has lound but that -the army. of the Potomac is
I able ami ready for the wurk before it, cjad that
thoroughly accomplished. We camiot imagine
that he comes to sit down on theHapid Ann and
quietly wait for the "reads to dry, until all the
odds and ends of the rebel armies, from Rich
mond to South Carolina, are concentrated
against hiin. In any event, however, Tre are
called upon to prepare for a campaign, East
and West, which in all human probility will be
marked by lie most obstinately contested and'
the most sanguinary battles of the war.
In this view, and considering the momentous
consequences involved in the struggle before us,
it becomes the duty of the administration, of
Congress, of the State authorities of the loyal
States, and of their people, without distinction
or party, to devote themselves now to the para
mount business of the war, an.d to the exclusion
of party politics and Presideutial squabbling, at
least tiil the 7th of June.
We must siuve d in this iinpt nding military
e.inq:ftj.'n, or this war for the Unin may
prove a disgraceful and ruinous failure. Ye
cannot safely go beyond another year, with- a
yearly expenditure of eight or nine hundred
millions of. uiobey, and an anuual draft from
the industrial interests of the country of half
a million or- m. re of its. most vigorous men.
We' vi u t hi ing the rbellion to the dust this
coming summer, or the discontent of the peo
ple tf the, loyal Stuics may ripen into
sctn-'.i of violence, discord awt anarchy, and
our Presidential election of November next
may be the end of the chapter.
We would appeal, then, to the party jour
nals and the party politicians of the -loyal
States, to suspend the agitation of the Presi
dential question until we shall b.fve gained a
j solid foundation to tand upon. In the inter-
j val to -June. we hope to le able to see our way
elearly through the routed columns of Jiff.-
D;,vi; h lt in. tl,e "'yamimo nothing is cer
tain, except that the issue ot tne i resiuential
contest, it not of the war, remains to bed.
tcrmined. by the issue of the -approaching
campaign agiiust the lebclliou. "
Juliiislon's Army.
A correspondent of the Mobile lltyihler
writes from Dalton as follows:
I am happy to be able to say iWat fhecon
dition of our army is splendid, in very res
pect. It is well fed, well, clad, in excellent
beaLh and in its historv, it has no bare-foot
soldiers. - Would you btlieve diat at Chicka
n.auga Gen Bragg lost the service of 4,000
otherwise tilieii-nt nseti because they were
,r" x' Credit it or not, the statement is
true. ' And vet slnx-s were within the reach
of ordinary quarim masteiial energy. The
san.e happened at Missionary Itide, where
men v ere so torely needed, and where the
I bare-footed men, bad they been shod and
presenr, migtu nave uimeu tne ii-rtunes ot
now every soldiers - has j
oes.
Gen. Jcdmston is ui.MUestionably a great
captain im the science of war. In nititiy days
be has so transformed thisj army that 1 can
find no word to express the extent of ti e
transformation but tiie word regeneration. It
is a regenerate 1 army, lie lound it, ninety
days ago, disheartened, despairing and on the
verge of dissolution. Iy judicious measures
I e has restorctl confidence, re-established dis
cipline and exalted the hearts of his army.-
The " Army of T. nnesee, ', the most ill-starred
and successless of all iur armies, has seen
its worst days. Let us hope that i will have
" no more retreats aud iio more defeats." I
have a lttn faith now in the future of the
A 111.3-of Tennessee and its great captain.
Let him but be unfettered and furnished with
adequate means, and all fiil be well. lie is
very fortunate in having buch thorough sol
diers as Hood and Hardee, and Stewart and
Cieburne, to direct his columns and execute
his orders. With such leaders, it seems to
me that defeat is impossible. Ihe intrepid
dash and the young and burning enthusiasm
of Hectare directed by military genius and
controlled by ?i rare and high intelligence.
Hardee is always prompt, -ready, perfect and
successful The calm, stoic Stewart, silent,
stern , poised, impertibie, never fails, never
errs and never dallies. He is ever at the right
place, just at the opportune moment. Cle
burne is not merely, though he is altogether,
a lion in battle, but he has the genius to
'"ride upon the whilwind and direct the
storm " of the mighty confJiet. With these
Generals, there will be no dalljing, no plun
ders, no " tost opportunities, " no disobedi
ence of orders.
The coquette, who wins and sacks lovers,
would, if she u erg a military conqueror, iu
and sack eitiee.
From' the Savannah Republican.
Iimkcc Recruiting hi Europe.
Extraordinary Inducements !,fFr'e License
in Hie Enemy a. Country! "Southern Es
Idtes and Property to be .Parceled Out to
the Scum of EuropeAnother Chapter in
ihe Book of Yankee Cowardice and Villainy.
The Yankees -have not scrupled to deny
tt.t, unable to cope with the grdlant men of
the South, whom they on' number as fiv. to-
one, they have not x nly pressed our slaves-
into their service, but actually crossed the!
A - t "- 'II 1
Atlantic, aim oy every species ot villainous
"inducement, sought foreign ait to make up
for their owu cowardice and jmUecility. This
'they have donebeyotd all question, thereby
conceding the ' important fact that they are
unable, of themselves. t mf.iirtdu their ty
rannical and hateful Government.
We have before us proof 'conclusive that
our enemy, utterly despairing of their'abiljty
to conquer us, have at this time agents and
lecturers in almost every country of Europe,
who, by lying misrepresentations, "and- the
-meanest dup'icity, united wjth pledges at
the enormity of which ail Christendom must
frhudder. It is in the form of a pfster or
handbill, which is now being circiilated
throughout Great Britain in aid of such lec
turers as Btecber & Go., and' a copy of which
has just been leceived from a friend, through
the blockade. "We present it to the world as
a burning and-damnirg witness against a god
forsaken people. Tiny will doubtless de
ncunce it as a forgery, but we a'eja-sured up-?
. ot authority beyond all question that the
copy sent us and published is one of thou
sands that are floating over the kingdom of
Great Britain, a- d what is worse, are winked
at by tt.eBiiiish Government. Here "is the'doc
umcnt:
To GALLANT YoUKG IRISHMEN, GERMANS AND
OTUEUS : .
The War Contractors of New Yolk. Boston
and Pniladelpbia, are in want of a few thou
sand enterpiising youn'g men to jetin the glo
ria's army of tie United States.
The profits of the business are so large that
the couutry can afford to pay handsomely all
who will speedily enter their noble service.
. Camp lile in America i.s remarkably salu
b. ioi.s and enjoyable, and offers, iinmenso at
1r:,ctions to the oppressed populations of Eu
rope. The troops will have free license while
occupying the enemy's country, and the
"estates and property 'of the vanquished rebels
will he divided by a giatcful nation among
its heroic defeuders.
For further particulars, apply to the Con-tt-jre'toTs'
hrturers now on the 'mission to
Britain, aiul to Messrs John Bright a'nd W.
E. .1 rster, Rantero' Hall. L mduu.
" New York, 1st Sept.", 18f3.'
. -
From the Fayetteville Observer.
Public jlcctlug in Harnett County.
According to previous notice after closing
the county business on Tuesday of Ma rah
County Court, the Magistrates of Harnett, a
large uuuibev beiug present, together with ma
ny ether citizens, organized by fleeting Col. A.
S.. McNeill, Chairman, and J. A. Spears,' Sec
retary. The Chairm in h iving explained the ohject of
the meeting, the tpllowing resolution was offer
ed by C. II. Ccfrield, Esq , which was unani
mously adopted :
Resolved, That we approve the administra
tion of Governor ar,ce, and respectfully invite
him to'address the people in thiscourity at such
time and plaee as may suit his convenience.
Y motion was then mmle to invite the Gover
nor's opponent, VV. Vm Holden, to speak at the
tame time, which, (after a long pause) was se
conded by one of tile Governor's friends (as he
stated through -courtesy to the mover,) but was
voted down.
On motion, a Committee, consisting of Gen!
A. D. McLean, Col. A. S. McNeill and C II.
CofJield, Esq., were elected by the, meetiug to
wait upon Goy. -Vance -viih a copy of these pro
ceedings and tender him the hospitalities of the
county. " -' ' ..
Oe. motion, Resolved, That the action of this i
meeting be published iu tiie Fayetteviile Ob
srrrtr ami liaieigh Confederate. The meeting
then acuurned.
A. S. McNEILL, Chm'n. t
J. A. SraARs, Scc'y. .
. Bkyond inn Mississippi Tne Selma.J;.
sixsipjmtn is indebted to a gentleman from
Tex :s, v ho crossed the Mississippi river ne
day last week, for s-mie interest nig items of
inhumation from tire Trans-Mississippi De
paitment. He represenrs the co:'iditi(n of
aflairs in that region as mow cheering than
ct;r most sanguine friends suppose. Te prbs
sp 'Ct of the grain crop was never more prom
ising, and the outfit . of our army has never
Veen so complete, or the spirit of our troops
mor- buoyaiit and confident than at present.
. The famous gueifilU chief, Quantrell, has
beet-, playing sad havoc of late with the Yan
kee farmers who have appreciated the lands
and negroes of the refugee citizens, along the
Mississippi iver. There 'is scarcely a plan
tation occupied ly the Yankees ot the W st
ern side of the river, that has not received a
visit from s-mo of his -forces, and such is the
celerity of their movements, and the summary
manner in which they dispose of cnpti'es;
that the great st terror prevails amng tbe
uegriesand their telf-sty led m isters in rela
tion to them. Tjie opinion is that bub little
profit will be lierivid from the pniducts of
these farns.the coming feason.
It is suggested to furlough; d soldiers and
ot-h rs who may contemplate cressing the river,
tlmt the utmost caution should be ebserved as
to their movements after reaching the west
bank. There are Yankt espies who mislead
them ahd afterward turn them over to the
-TiCgroes, who invariably murder them. Sevc
sh! of our men were massacred iu "this manner
a short time since, "but a party of Quantrelfs
ptcouts fell upon the butchering party just as
they had concluded the fiendish tiagedy, and
hot one was left to tell tbe tale. -
The gunboats which patrol the river' afford
but poor protect iou to the lighter craft, and
but little is doing in a. commercial way.
Iudeed, a trading boat selelom p&sscs without
receiving a vol ley, and commanelera" hare
wholesome fear of our sharpshooters who line
the banks.
Latest News From the North. The Bal
timere American, of the 2d instant, has Len
received, and Contains the following items of
Lews :
The Red river expedition ha,d gone up as
far as Natchitoches, sixty miles above Alex
andria, and had captured four hundred
prisoners. four cannons, etc.
Ten brigadiergenerals have been ordeied
to report to General Sheimaa for duty.
The Baltimore American says that . Burn
side's expedition, now fitting out at Annapolis,
will not goSiJUth, Iwt 'wiH bear an intimate
relation to tbe ope rations of the Army of the
Potomac;" ' . " -
The New York Herald says that there are
twei re' steamers running between Nassau and
Wilmington. - -
At I wo o'cleck, on the 1st, golel in New
York was 106. The closing-quotation in
Rait im ore, same day, was 168.
Eacts for the Times. Many persorV arc
der misapprehension or- io uncertainty, as V
under misapprehension or- io uucertaintv. as)
to several points connected with tb mtrenJ, I
taxes, c'aims upon the Gtiyerhinnt, &c", 'a.ild 4
tire following answers to questuita which haYt- f '
bt eu addressetl tiy may prove -generally ac
ceptab'c. ' -. v
All tax s lne to the Government, 'whether ,
they are thA texts 1862, but nci yipaid, -r
the taws assessed under the lito ofl&64, m y
be jfcihl in four p-r rcetit.' bimds, or fhs cer
tificates on tchich the four per cent, bonds tne
co issue. YViiere a Certificate is greater iu ;
amount than the tax proposed to & paid witli I
:' n'!r.. - . - - .
ii, we wjuceiur win isue a ne x certjitCAto for
the excess the tax-payer making np all f ac
tioiLal parts of a hundred dollars " in money.
Five dollar . notes .will be receive! -in., pay
ment of taxes of all kinds, or may l funded
at par on four per c :nt. bonds, until the first
of July next; at which time they also will
be taxd one-third. - '
Nothing can be done with notes fer a hun
dred dollars but to fund, them. Jin four per
cent, bonds at two-thirds of their face, and
subject also to a tax if ten dollars per month
on pach, from tne first f April.
Notes under f re dollars are" subject to no
tax or limirarh n but remain current as hcre
to'ore at their full amount.
. Noes of ten dollars, twenty d olUrs ard fifty
dollars, may be paid in taxes or funded iu
four per cents., or exchanged fornyw notes'
at iwo-thirds of their value until the first of
January next, at w hich time all then outstand
ing will be worthless. '
The idea has "ainal cons dorablo circulation
that claims against fha Treasury, rxisf'ng prior j
io ine nrst ot April, would 1)3 paid in the re
duced currency, unless presented :ud col
lected before the 1st of April. This is- an
error. It is only true ot shh claims a -had
been adjusted and a warrant (indraft issued for
the payment. The settlement had then be
come a part of the public r. cords, and the
holder of snch draft was of the nature of a
depositor in the Treasury, and if he failed to
draw his money, it became liable to the tax
on the 1st of April. But claims, unsettled, or
for which payment had not been tendered,
will follow the usual rule of being paid in
currency par at the lime of payment.
Richmond SisnHnd.
. -
For The Confederate.
Messrs. Editors : I yesterday h-id the
pleasure, of hearing the el.sjussion between
Messrs. Foster, Laeh and Ramsey; tho three
candidates for Congressional homos in this,
tlie 7di (lis-rict. All of them acquitted them
selves weN, and everything passed off qu'etly
I presume, by the maimer iu which they.Wci.:
greeted, that their various friends were well
-satisfied with their resiective efforts.- They
a!i piofessedto be very stro:,g peace mr?u, and
promised to do all the .couhHo I rit g about
an huikTablc p-.ace at a- ear y a d -y as prac
ticable. In fact, I Could see oui littbj d;ifer
eiice -betwee-n them, except tl-t Messrs. 3Cim
sey aad Foster endorsed the aelmims' ration o,f
Gov; A'ance, aad expressed themselves er
strongly in favor of Ids re-eb c.ion, and Mr.
Leach fsid n X.
The prol abilities are, a far as I can learn,
that as hi ttturs now stand, with- three ear. ii
dates in the field, Mr. Leach will bo elected
by. a large majority. The friends of Mr,
Leach com-i ler him a much sirun.r isiaii
thau Captain Ramsey, arid if the contest was
narrowed down to the. two candidates, Me.ws
Lear! i i nd Foster, they believe tht't F. str
wo;ild bo elected ; which is very probable, ;s
Air. Foster is quite a papular man, and very
generally -know n in the district ' Ho; e- are
entertained that the frie"nds of Captain R;m
sey may us their- infliience jn trxing to- oe-t
him to withdraw, and thereby give Mr. '.Fos
ter a fair chance in the ra 'e with his com
petitor, M Leach, Yoiirji.
JUSTICE.
Thomas vi'je. April C, 18G4.
No Exci se Foi: -Starving. If any one
has ever seriously entertained the idea -fh it
there was -any danger of starving on account
of the scarcity i f grain, just h t him Took- at
the heaps of com and whe .t being reeehed
by .1 ho.,Ti the. Collectors, and lot him remember
that this is only one-tenth ot Jie amount
raised. In this Congressional District, com
posed rf ihe e unties f Meek lenourg, Rowan,
Cabairus, Union, Lincoln, Gaston, Ca'aiVha
and CieaveJand, w tjiink the returiill
prove that at least five hltn-lred thousand
bushels ff heat an.d on? .idifion bushels ot
corn wer.i ra;sed t-ne past 'year. Weixpect j
to justify this statement, by e fticiai li-meii i
showing the uuniher oi nisueis reoeiveu as
one-tentlby the 'lithe G'Hecteu's.
Some curiesity is felt to know v.'hat has
becomoof the remaiuing nine-renths, inasmiKh
as i-'ne out. of ten men say that they, have not
enough to supply their own wants, and in
view of the iact that but "little ban' been sold
or shipped iff. Woadt-r'if the rats and mice
coulel have devoured the greater portion of it ?
If so, the said rats and odce are iu mighty
go d order, and people may have to commence
eating them, for two purposes, viz: tosatisty
the pinching? of -a hungry stomach, audio
prevent a scarcity of bread hereaf er. ,So,
upon the. whole, tUere is ''uo excuse for starv
ing,' and the yankets might as well abandon
all hope of starving'us into submission.
We have he'riToforc indulged in some pretty
sevi-rfl Hpnni.eiuti.ins nf the. snir.ufltht&. but
we expect we shall have to turn upon the rats J
now, if they have. caused corn to advance to
$15 and 20 per bushel and flour to $170 per
barrel. Charlotte Democrat. - m
For the Confederate.
Killiax's Mills, 'Cajawbacounty, N. C.
Messrs. Editors : While T see eueh a gen
eral expression of sentiment in the Confederate
on the political aspect of the cotmtry, will you
permit me through your paper to express what
1 believe to be the feelings of almost the whole
of tbe people of my acqiiaintence in this and
adjoining counties, upon the subject of the
VJUVerUUI a iicuiuu. iuai mc imiiigo vi i
people .have undergone a great change in .the j
last four or hve weeks, is certain. I nave been
mixing with the people all through this couutry,
and I do not know of one'man that I think will
vote for Holden, unless a very great change j
should be effected in the min is o; the people.
I think I know-of .some few men that have been
disaffected to the government all the time, that
would," if not ashamed, vote for Holden; they;
have been reading his ptper and were once
great Holden men; yet public sentiment has
so changed, they know they would be forced
out of society. It was through the Holden in-
fluence that tbe election of the Hon? Win. j
Lander to Congress was defeated; it was through j
the Holden influence that the mountains lust j
Summer were filled with deserters: iiideeu ,
wherever Holden s paper has. been taken, tne
people have been more or less disaffected.
T h hppn & mihlia mnn for twentv Years.
jet not a politician, and tnie is tbe first time j
that I ever wrote anything en the subject; and
this is only to givejou nhat I conceive to be
the general feeling of tlie people. "L. iL B.
" Dr. Frerrklin says that every little frngrrent
nf tl,o rlav shnnlri hp'cnvrr! (th. TPF. the mO-
V . . MJ -w w . . V -' , j . I
mcnt tbe breaks ret ycmcelf to work to saTe j
the pieces.
- rn r r,"LiA. p TTp
- f a Lj VTJ5rtf . " A V.
REPORTa OF TDEWIK5S ASSOCIATIOX.
Entered aerortfiag to act of Congrvt in th ver
ISJ, bv J. S. TriasiutI) in the Clork? ffict
or th District CoiiU of tlu' Cpr-ftirato SUtea
ir tbe Northern District of tiyrgix.
latest ttosx ihe Xcrih.
. " .JK'Htoip, April 8.
Yack.N ppera of tbe i4h. received by tbe la
flag of truc? boat, contain th. follow i'tentof
intelligence:
Kockingham, the Unioa candidat?. was eh'ctcd
Governor of Connecticut by efkt ihov-'and ma
jor ity. - - . . - s
The Red river expedition ha captured fHr i
. thousand, bales of cotton.
In the Yankee Cougres?, on the? 4Uj, IInry
Winter Daris, from the Committee cn Foreign
-affairs, reported resolutions eleclavtng that it Tnea
not accord with ths vi,?w? or in,tere3ts of the pnv
ptof the Unitad States to acknowledge a raon- j
republican government, as in the cas? of Mexico,
under tho a luiinitratin of any iuropean power.
Tha resolutions wer unanimously adopted.
Foreign advicct upto the 23th ult., have been
received, but are unimportant.
Majinfdlian -started for Mexica, t t!e 13tb.
He refused tbe inter view desired By Co mmissiooer
Slidcll, intiinating that tha new republic would
bo strictly neutral, relating to American aCair?.
Carnot and Paget, both enemies to emperiaTisai,
have been elected in 'Paris to tha corps Ieghdatif,
by an overwhelming majority.
Karl Aberdeen, (Lord 'Aehbury ) ig dead.
Durin; tbe election at Leavenworth, Kansas,
on the 4th, the polls were seizwd by tin copper
heads, the mob defying the authority of the mayor
Many Union men were beaten, and the military
refusing aarLftance, the copperhead ticket 'was
elected by six hundred majority.
The radical candidate for Mayor of St. Loufc,
was elected by two thousand majority. x
Gen. Smith is ordered to tto command of the
troops in the vicinity of Foi tre"s Monroe. -
OolJ o!d in New York on the 5th, at ICS.
Frcm Richmond.
. RiciiMoxn, -April f
Fast day was generally observed b'V tUh com
munity. The congregations of the several churclie
were larger than on tha lat similar occasion. At
night religious services were hdd in the theatre.
AdisceHrse was delivered by Or. Burrows in th j
l'aj-tist church ;- th") building' was crowd-'d, atnl
hundreds were unable to gain admittance.
Yesterday afternoon a locoin-tire explod 'd n
the Itichnloni and Pete-rsburg railroad, killing
the engineer and three others.
Kainors of the MHding of Vank-' vi at Newport
News still, though nothing authentic.
second DISlWTCn.
0 . Kieiuioxn. April 9.
Another h. a vy rain to-day. Tae reported yan
liee advance oa the Pemineulji is not. ere'litel at
the War dt ". 'merit.
Baltimore p-pr received jest -rday, te that
gold closed in New.Ywkon the sixth at 171.
Line )ln h i disprkijed with th3 cnr illineat of
negroes in-K. vi tucky, on the pbdge of Brmnlcrte
thar he word. I lurni.-h ffrecn thonsqnd mn with
out the dons 'tiption of ihebl ick popula'i n. .
' Nothing from th j army of th"s Potom ic. ..?ept
a ccounts of incessant rains. All the bridges on
the Orange and Alexandria road are ia ebmger of
being swept away by the freshet.
A targes "forage tr-iln Font out from Hi'esville
Arkansas, w;is Hptiuvd last week by gueriillts.
M'ti's lHll anu Win'hTop l.ouse, I)o.-ton, wa
destroe 1 ly fire on the sixth.
Buckirghan's n:aj ii ity in Connecticut, i ir
ported six thousand. The lteoublieans have elec
ted their candidates 111 Cincinnali and other cities,
and towns in Ohio. In Miovatikie the Democrat!.
were Sucees.-!ul
Tho curry. icy bill was del j.jt-vl iu Conres.-.-
(Jarrett Davis' reposition Unit tr negro sh ill
-become a citizen ;h? United Statt?, was rej.-c-ted
by live to thirty three.
European advices of the. ' 27th say tour naw
ctetl clad tUanicia of gjeat speed Is about to leave
Liverpool, Ut uin the blockade.
Tro? (ieori,4 arrived at Bordeaux o.i tha
The health of tlie I'-. has i-reprovid.
Frua (icorgiii, ' -
' lloaeix, April '.). '
Fast day wa? universally Observed yesterday
and religions-services were held ia.the difl'.-reut j
churches and canips. j
The enemy firetl on our pickets this morning i
but made no further deiuoristrRtion.
It is reported that On; Uth aBd lath corps of
Sherman's army have g:e East. -They are to bo
replaced by two others.
Siokes Renegade Tennessee Cavalry were cap
tured by Gen. Wheeler and paroled.' They are
again in service without luing exchanged, murder- '
ing all Confederates who fall into thir Jnds ; j
among their victims is Cipt. Illidsoo, of the 4tb ;
Tennessee Cavalry and eight Texas iiaugus.
Every deserter of oui army is sent acroia the Ohio
immediately, to prevent ho formation of guerilla
l, a. ;-.;.i :.. i:.....,
From Gen. Ltc's Army.
OnAxoa C. 11., April 7.
fsen. Lee ha issued a General Oieler directing
thc'eibservancj of to morrow as a day of fnting,
huYnilffition and prayer, and directing that due
preparation be made by all tbe departments of
the army, to anticipate the wants of the several
commands in such a manner as to avoid all mili
tary duties not absolutely nece?sary. The chap
lains are desired to hold Divine service in tho
regiments and brigades, and tke o.'Hcera. and men I
requested to attend. j
It id rnnrlod ttint m. ipnnlinrr narttf m thft fn- i
.... . v - - I
euiy appeared on the heights afStafTotyl, opposite
Frederickaburg, yesterday. Great activity is vis
ible in the Yankee caaip.
Arrival or Flag of Irure Steamer;
IticiiMoNis Aptil 7.
"ilic Flag of Truct steamer .Expjess, srrived at
Citv Point this afternoon? with fotrr ofliovrs.
Also fitteen-terns of frwight for the Yankee prison- i
ers. The otlicers are Col. !rv, Capts. Buckner,
and Wilson, and Lieut Brecketiririge. Jfotbing
is said in the dispatch as to the number of private
returned. Papers by this arrival will be brought
up to-morrow. Not one word of news to-day
from an quarter.
From Yorlbern Virginia.
Obasge C H.t April 9.
Tbe Yankees fought a shsm battle .near Cul
peper C. H. on Thursday ; the -cannon adicf was
beard In our camps, '
It is rtported that two. regiments of Yanke
cavalry, one white - and one negro, visited Win
chester recently, capturing and carrying away
Robert J. Conrad andThillip Williams, citizens,
as hostages for two members, of Pierponts Gov
ernment, recently captured Morgan coaatr.
While in W'inehester the wliite cavalry tired into
the Black cavalry, killing and wouading several of
the latter.
Heary rains hare becnallin; for twelve hocrf
Roads deep Io mud. . .
His reporteJ'tiiat S'g.i? Ii cmu-mtr-tting.
larg frc? in tbe valley. " .
fi5C rur tri J
, , . - Orange, C II., April 10,
Northern dates to the 3rd and ih received
The people or Maryland voted cn tbe Gthan tba
qaestitn of slavery.
Ocn.'Pjewas!rriotrs!y ill.
Dipatcbts from reji tl. er-T.fry ot
Johcston'4 army weh iacre-ed aUtfthst uin.
hundred rebel dcevrtrrs catered Cl ittanoog
during the mocth of !f: ch.
Pispatches from IL r.o ais report MsCulIoug'i
' rn rtiote north to reinforce Forrest.
Coagrest, in orgarHititb'e Territory of Mori
Una, incorporated an i:r.ndmeT)t nowifjx negroes
to vote. Uaerett Diri. proposed a aaren iment
to trteconstitotloa, tha o. nero wh-e nv.thvr
or grandmother Uarrras a negro, h til Owacit
. iaeu of the States or rdr jibh: to any otlicy, ch il
or military, or any , .s v of trust or profit on-kr
the Cnited States-i . . trd, ayes 5, nays 30.
Grant left Was'iingt, i: Ttreidar for the army of
tre Ptitojrar. Gen". Sh?rmaa, fro-n Cumb-!! inI.
i?ho K to cnmmaml tli e cavalry of the umy of thy
Potomac, accAuipaniec (riant.
Advices frrnn St. Io'uf report continued' KUeccj
of the Ilci Kiver 'expedition. Serentecn run.,
were captarei. SJirpveport in expected to fall
w'lhout ippctJor. The capture of a fVrjf? train
from the enemy by J-'rceman's guerillas near
Atelville, Arkansas,. i i epvrtcd. Bafonh m-pnw
of tho Yankee Gen. fi itin-ii. entered our lines 4 x
rle.-itcr Frid.i v l.Kt, b: inking with hi.n live lioi.-
and" is now at Gen. W ' kliaic'i- hcxelounrtcm.
pi mm;:, i)i.-rAit.ir. ?
i'i'Awi; CrII., April IT.
Dates -t' hc Stb received. Thurb.w Vo I
thinks the Yankee Congress rcsu'ution ia rigauV
to Mexico, will throw N ipohoa au I Maxhuilli.u
rntt arms in fjivor or the rebels.
P Th1? BepuMkrirn cirrij i tlic G irn tt ui vl
eleetion iu HhodeTfland by a mi all majority.
The Iv.nancipatioui-Lf can ie i 3iarylad by au .
nvet whelaiing majority . . t -
Eieventh and twelfth, army c rp are c nwoli U
ted iatotbe tenth anay corp, itokii co:u taandi
it.
Telegraph t f. oni Ijj'timore of tho nth ptat that
movements of troops are very active. (!u-i , ilta
buiToel n f tenmb at t: n nab'- b.do .v Me .ij.h"n on
the Jd.
Advices fro ill Now Orl aas reprt th-tt thi M
bik It on Tennes? ;e, vm reoeulU; sunt in a g;b
near Grant'd pas. . t
The new Jersey I.- uri-l.tut e l efu i b to uliotv
soldiers to vet?.
Henry CI.iys widow, i d t."?, i d. aL
Aditfirnl Porter's fleet have captiwed fo-ty
thousand bales of Cottoi up t Ked livei.
An olUt-ial dispatch r'r.nn Little Itock, Arkan.M.
I'ejwtsan expeditieiu t i Elba and Long View, i"
which the rebwl piutooa briogei were burued
an. I thirty-five wagm.s captured, with three hun
dred rebi I pi ioner.-. io..k!iag"i i tbtl divinm
waeng.gid, v. uteel, am! driven ten mibte. .
From Kichmond.
KlCHMJNH, Aptil. 11.
Heavy rains hvi fdhm during the pat week,
extending to llu tibie.Uid. It his caused
fl teals in all. the ? t roams in eastern and central ir
ginia, ovo4 lb iig low grounds and joriaudy
i'!.pairing gi icultui tl ireieels. The d.ini-i
Biver is higher to-day at this point th.ui it Iihj
b;- u fur t enty year-. Water in this city three
feet deep io Cary street. At Shoekof creek, the
gas werk and water works ac,; ovt ttloved, anJ
fears are entertained that tho can il ts seriously
damaged between IU' haumd an 1 Lyucburg. The
water has fallen ten io Les thii aitei neum.
Xo war news to-day. Th.- fl t if true bo.it
rT!aia.s at City Point, a.vuilia Vnnk-i j; i.oiitfr
te. be s-nt back te the Unite-il States when lho
fn-het Mibsidis.
l'imding returns come in su.-aly. Nothing xet
from Mississippi and Lvuiia. Total annai. t
reported to dlte, two hundred ami .seventeen
mi! lions.
The iics-e colouirt- s -'it to Iftiyti by Lineolii
last year, have b-en bi nght bark to Virginia,
n ar Ale xandria, in, ;-dopluriebltf cvndiiioiw They
tuil'ei el eitreanedy t!u: ing llicr kUv on the i.-land
to v. hie h they were - :r, and thj whvdo etd.wditJ
catae near pet idling.
Raleigh Market.
com:!- :i wi:i:kly,
i;v j. w. ii.:;ki:s, (UU):vm.
Bai-bicu, April 11, H-il.
II COY S3 Kt o'i.oei
BKKK, by thi Uartei-
IHtilV.
4 : ( r
, 1 00. ".u'ilb.
7,50 in S.UU
'JU let X "t'ou.
J.50..7 : 0)
2 j bl.
, 15 00
Vba
-a.o "
4.W
40.10 gl.
i;!;i:suax, ...
BUT I KK...
ClhCKKNS,.
C'tUN,...
K(jgs,
KLOIJP.
iODDEU
IT AY
I ItOX, f retail)..
LAUD..
MOhASliS, ...
NAILS
PICAS.
.00 lb.
POItK....
PttTATOES, Sweet...
lCAtiS,
SALT...
m:gak
none.
J0 V bush.
Ii t IK
I 00 (Mb
lO.OH 1 2.00
TALL'iW,.
From the Obs?rvci.
PAYEWEVILLE MARZEI.
' Aptil, 7 lSCi.
l?-n
Beef...
....5.00 iLlq u ar Corn Wl.i-
fy.!' key .....i ji " w
B --estvax
...2.."0?j:-
A 4 p 1 e and P each
Bnttcr .....1.00 to 7. 00
C tt..n 1.7i''" 'I.VIH
lirandy 70.oj
Molasses 2i.0030.0U
(?eitl'.e 15.0020 00 Nails. 4.004 50
(!otton Varn....20.Vi OO'Onions ..." 20.00
llrienl lruit....l.7. V IbU'ink 2
Kggs.. 2.C0 p do2;potatees-li ifli....Jr32(
Extract Logw-..d $6$Sj Sirt'tt 6.0010 00
Klour 22o fe-2a0. 0U ft ie . .. 1. 25-e 1 .5o
Flaxseed 8.0010 OOiugar 10.00& 12.50
Fodder .' 11 ."''Soap - Family Br....0O
Grain Corn J-.'.0.(0 Tenlet ..
Whaat $3ii& $;0Shucks...-...;... lo.no
llv6 ..: Si-'j $30Spiriti Turpentine. .3. 00
Oats........l0.00 IKayrtUtUl: 41 JMieet
Peas .30lOO ings lactory puce to
Hides Oreen.2.SO!ft3.5o utlio State.:; 1.2S
Dry 4.50o.l0 Outsideis,nrice...4.50.(
liar 10.00 A.0O
Iron Swed4?s.3.50t 4,00)
Lard .........3.00i5"4 00
Salt 3a uuAf su.vu
Tallow M.M....M....V2.0
Lsather -Upper .... i 5.00Wool ......
Sole uil.v
$50 ::kwabd.
R AS AST AY FK0M THE SUBSCttinER 05?
the 14th of February, a XEQItO WOMAN.
Said wei man is about 30 years of aga, estnplexJun
Klaytc trrSt i fut f.A lncbe.. and haa lost hsr
right breMuet"" by a cineer. Sapposo she h try
ins; to phss herself off as a fre wotar In tH
neighborhood f -Kuap of Hccdf, or Tally 11
Gran ville eunfy, X. 0. To buve rvward will he
paid for her delivery 40 ! or eonQneuicnt in jail
so that I ewn gtt ber. S Alt All K. HOSS.
p l;,7.wlt D irhaws Station, N C.