! i nu UL V LbiiiJtA I L.
- i'm ' ! (Git. Vic) brff t';e eeatraet
" ': .ir.k s sri e e i',u e?e. ?d
t .... p . ;. i. ..,( ,icUo.'
!r. Ud :ticlr ebargee tat
-, .? V - . ' V. ., n. :-.. W'Oi Clf gS X.
MU'i N ya hif J;iiaj.' -it !' t:i:m 0UG
u.ii' i;j i :Jrf'a-'r?'i "!. ai? ! it J we have
'..t :-i t) r.t hv eiitM asi'.ina. aln tbea-Mr.
l l ie s. J are wrk-eg togttker,
tiie St tW, to e;
lab'.isli tliig enormia
fere run eul f tie
' ' V4v, -r t ir.'ie political capital."
.-t k ,:!( tuik rt 4 --i J.abim justiee.
. "
e r.-:cj4J fail tie RwU:S sestiaea I
vu. . iffa jut? er. aviction lui; there hi av.
i.jrsi.. .' i:.- in tli- xiMitrr tweet Senders n4
Mr. li ri. t.i.J th.u lr. LUldn i to skara
l
avicties if'
I
' T :
i"-- i w..' j Y?oe u-
t',
. N -'.! o: r .4? i;--, a:, tfitnw his log
ai irr'ie which ke a3
lin. H" the brjk
of C!:. rsct a f r. Vsjis by a psUive ae-
Sow, it?ir. fT i'.-ita is elatad 'Governur,
tiii-x i;tin ( Qjt oiMers Trill b pra
nt?i f.- h: f r iqsiKat'ea. T' damairea
r'M.i. i will bs from re hti?idrr thbt:s:in'
V: a if'.'.i i: J :!rj ; for Mr, TtAuAii ' ke
t!;j ?cin the Rssia at $3 jr barrel,
t r- 68-1,000, bad only - to
scroti st f.r one, wkiek womU be $2?8,000 ;
Ifavi'.j ?45'", 050, ; ia aditioa ta wkich fee
rUims, 10 ,r ftat. cp-iMtfsiou? and tka
" Yriket Q iterarrsr,; price " ob th jecds
-ar'haed with -rc?aUacka deprc-ciated te
t-.ri) burdrwd, ihii wcaU ke eae kutdred fnr
eut. rn'-re.
Zu-.r, it' Mr. Ho!ds;i is a partner ;a ihe
eoBcsrrt. has a're.y made np hie ntiad
!' . (i'r. Tahco did hrsa tbe contract,. aad
f:.'.ia.'j! ar" fla?, he will hava jat!e ui
j. !:"" V !i Lis .';ie in rLt!ia;j it.
it v. i'.i ,n' v b? recs.- siry the a, to ha?e a
sait?.bi :u.V; or nod tr3nrr. -The rn will
uglily ''a n-i in ar-'j fit b .aticia w'ae
S'v Ijoa .tc;!;:o2 rut 'ho Codfadersta lessca,
ad r.r. e n tiit-i accu.tcrteMl to lare n;ers.
a aiy.'.ur i. iiiv. 1", isas ait.ignther coiiscioaa af
ths t.!.t- rf oTkerr, xhen vt in arowea
tut iint.NlJc-. An'i i.ow ior tho treasursr ..t
f v tr.y riaim. Mr. fierier, will find him ia
f erh.-.p Aine t!irr.;ivi 5cancicr of the Houso
of Commons an adopt ia tke art f woaet.
"TT;tU ;hii arii!.ce, the daujsges are fixed
si.d ra:d. Tarr f nic net roaad aaaabaca
to $fvr. COO, to he divided betwien'Mr. Ho!
wn u'.u Ueo.e N. Sandera. The feat ia
glor.n.?. !?:. l!.!den, nrsn. b?.l scstcs' aa
tK:yaid vine so prolific ia blossoms,-' sa
fibuadant in fruits, r.nch luacic-ra jrapts to be
Iiii;in hii rcth' Aud then it will ba
"ajraeVoly a.!faetery r.nd creditabfe" tGox.
TI wider., t8ivc the iStata frem the dishcaor ef
a Tio!rft;1 coBtrae;-
But ke raatter ia "irtoorapieta," without the
'tlin4tsof accoarits," beiwaea tka' Garer
Tsor llwiutn" acd Mr.Saaders r.stotke znsasure
af r9ccmbOa oatwMu tbe twe. Gi coarse,
Goxcrr.or Uc! ia bwinj tke Lien, will be en-titk-d
lo thtt Liun"s ahirc ; and belli 80 anch
ef a Lu n, he will re entitled to so much of a
d.-iv 5iy $500,000 toGTerr.-r Ilo'dea, and
Ilr. iai dt-ri. $&9,000 with caught to tho
eyi.liur; uad t tUc treasurer a rccomaoca
alter the manner of natmenl -to Gov. Vance,
in finnectim with the Georgia mob.
V'i tick!? Vuo a'j.l I'll tiekl yc-u, seaass to
I t li. uadtrs!aadi bnvturu G :vemor llol
tlen uad Mr. George X. Sauusii and we'll
both tickle tha pei'ple of North Caroiina'pret
tr r.ih t. deatii, and all by tho "odor of
Kavai Srorss.''
I
We are indebteil tm the kindness ef Mr.
"Rurrt-tighs, cf the Southern Express CrnapR
cy, fr a copy uf tisa Richmocd Enqurier of
I. ndiy last. Tho latisJ r.es it contains,
was embraced in t r.r despatches in yesterday'a
piprr. but wevather from it other interesting
i-Vorn.auon of the operations of the Haiders
in the Valley, c, whick will be found in
this paper. We rutura oar thanks to Mr. B ,
aud wrnld appreciate similar favors from
other persor.sin tho State who may jet hold
cf tho lite Uichiii jnd wr Petersburg papers
during the suspension of the nails, and for
tho ue of any private despatches that .con -lauiilca'.c
in!crmat:wa cf public iutcrest. ,
Pel-ted.
. TLe Chrtstain Advocate, following " T. H.
pclis us lor the cornramnication iour
paper, relative to tbe annual council of the
chocb," as though it was editorial. Now we
are willing, Lr LajrxoDy take, to make one
arneudineut to the article, and if that doa't
aatLfy, then let tbo learued Doctors come on.
Wa kpow a theologicji library that can knock
to atona? all tho " dictionaaiea " they can
cluster.
The concwi?!cn we prcposo to make is, to
, strike out the dtfinite article " ihe" before
eharch, and insert a, so as to make the sen
tence read : " the annual council of a church'
' We shall leccr to this subject again when the
war is ended.
: ' We comes.-, wt c a'aiaittii bj unanweil
; .!- pv.Ay jini.jiwkms our life.'' Kd-ogh
i' SUndsrJ, Jan- '2', 1oG 4. . v- ' . ';.
J . Of ;J if,-. IJolU ' war lrr ed ;" lb'
fWitUaVi viili)r. Thy wr" wittier
I tbt jaohbi. J aad bttyenti ; to 50 in'
j BthM rti iwpotiiWe.. Udridinr
ry .rircam.eiance. the ltdie of V family
uj 'fc btr 0rn. iltouht of, f:r; they mi-at
Tr? B&turaily be alarmed, or at least affr oat-
J eJ oy Us prcM-!;c?' of "an arm?fi bedy of
i-r4!. liea." Uut Lr they were c!ra
farjrnUn.- Fwiling tl.ct ten were net vaft
a tu f rarai?s, xce iuinrdiatc'y retired from
ikt ht;. a.'' Suvh is Mrnoldafi'sra'ent.
.-Aid tbn he ws!k-l down ihe fnd street , to
I tii Kyeutlvc5 mansion, fuund tbe frontdoor
I l.jck.. " T-ttti arouad to the South front'
(eJti calicd lie back riHr,) got id, tek
! koid oi tk horns ef th altar' waited till
L the OovirVor-c' in, felt very baily, asked
" fur eraadj, ten3e very good " blockade luxu-
r " vri? st out.- let go ose horn tfcrsaM
j tv.d tcck a horn of thuf Itst tneniioneu, aol
seen afur rtirsd. Now on this state of tha
rt!; w ave onW one remark-to venture.
Praap Ur. Ho!du would like termite
eard." If ke wou'd,and is placed again i
I - 1 i 1 1 C.A
Duicao K. Mcllac. He " will act as kijh
Irritate, or ia zuy cap:.city. however saboraU
oate," for the pr.-.tectiwu U ladies siiuated &
were those of Mr. Holder' finally, aad Mr.
Ho'dsa uijy rstire a 2 soon as he feU ansafc,
witH the Aeur-uce that Ool. MeRae will sea
to it hat th-.ee uodsr his jJioteetien suffer r
! iat.rui-
Srami the Biblical Beearder
"Tha aanaal oiinciI of the ehwrch !
North Carolina adjeurned fiem WiliiaresV-oro'
to Raleiuk, to meet on ihe 221 inst., assem
bled ia ikiacity at 11 o'chek, yesterday mor
1jBS.7J,7 Confederate, 22d.
"rfbat wonderful mea are Editors 1 By a
raatferiy stroke of the pen, three churehea in
North Carslica, a Terpctabie ia ta'en's, po
aitiaa, r.ad certainly in piety, aad.witbal more
tha a teafo'd as anmewus, are here coolly blot
ted est of existence, anft "tho church" alone
rpsaaiBR a the Bride of the Lamb! Dntiaj
tke 5ufr!ioa of the Intelligencer, has the
" Confederal becosse the crgaa of 44 the
c'aurek?" .
hit, ta say the least, had taaU.find wMrs
olicy for a pvditieal journal tam cbanipiun
the moat arrogant and offensive doctriaa of a
rtLe&l iatulerant church. . Wi should bate at
trisatecl tas above vary wgui.lcsut pbraseoio
jy to iaadtertence, were this tLa 5rst iin
such pretensions have been ?et np in that pa-
j'tr fr 'Mb church." We should like 10
j know whether the O-nfedcralt bs a reiisiou.-;
r aolitieal journal ? T. E. P.
i -
" nr&at;?ToF.f?erfi!l Sea arc Editors !"
It seeais we are in the midst ef a new fight
la tke last Biblical Recorder, paper pak
lisked in. this city, "devoted to Relision,
Morality, Literature asd General! ntelli;nce,"
w b-liave of tie Baptist persutin -we
are ckargetl witk " blctting rut of cjl
istecca threo, churcke? ia. Nortk Carolina,"
with '' a masterly stroke of tke pen." If we
save dene this great thing and siimrd agtinr,
Ged, we pray for raarsy forwa wr'wU.
I Iy aneeaacious of it.
A very excellent friead furnished ua th
notiee akeot tke " anuual cuuncH f tho
ehnrcb," and the fact ia, we never read it nn
til we saw it ia the article of ;T. 11. P."
It was act inserted as editorial, as can be seen
by tbe signature at tbe close, which " T. H
P." oaoitted to copy in his qnotatioa of t
article. But if we bad read it, we aheu)
probubly ot bav altered it, far we ahoulr
never have, anticipated tha storm it has evoke'
We would only say to ' T. H. P.," who v.
take for granted is a porson of ' ' good taat.
and ' good policy," tbatkis wrath at the snj
position that e champiox the most arn
gaat and ansive doctrine of a most iutolt
rant church," is misbastawed ; and as to en
beiuj an "organ" of any church, the thing :
impossible for no choir ia the world coui
sing after our music.
"We Uave ''tha church," as we do the Baj
tist dectrine of immerMoa or exclusive con
rsunion, with whatever of tolerance or intol.
ratce there may be about either, or both, f
the care of preachere only occasionally coui.
seliiaj, when we see these hot that th
will preserve "good policy aud g' od taste" I
keeping cool, and by avoiding accusation :
again&t one another of "arrogance and iatolc
ranee."
The correspondent "T. H. P." could hat
kcewu by enquiring, that one of the Edits'
of the Confederal is of the Methodist church
and the other is a christian of the most cath
lie disposition. If he feels militant, let;bi
fight the devil, who,, in the shape ef irftamei ,
able yankees, is going about seeking to devon
as all.
If any religious strife is to bs sprung upo
this community, ice do not intend to enga
in it; obo of us being only a temporary reai
deat here, and hive no mind to involve th
permanent citizens in each a a conflict. An.,
tbe other Editor respond a Amen, on his par
With Mr. Holden and the yankeea oa on.
hands, our time is occupied. tObid 'TH,
P.'' aa affectionate adieu.
Dbatii cf Col. Nethebcctt. We regret
to learn from the Goldsboro' Slate Journal,
that Col. J. II. Nethercutt, commanding the
66th N. C. Troops, aince the death of Col.
Moore, died a few days ago in the hospital at
Danville. Col. N. was woanded severely in
the eye in oae.of the recent battles around
Petersburg: The service has lost a most ex
cellent omcer in his fall, and the Yankees
whom he often encountered, and always, to
bip, amid the swaps around Kewbern, will
oubttas arioe in his fat I.
Qicrttin; frem Virginia.
?;Frw Peter sbarjj "Lapreeey-July V
( A VI! i-uj-fly tt-i' : yrtm day's t$r.
tr;etiem- vrrig vit,oii-fs!y Mttalleil Tuedv
' Kruupt' !, . t?r Sappor.i Hhvrch'i In thecaa
' tyfcl:.n'vddiv m thrf ; tn;:tJ:fion ;-'hj
i C Dpot. The--tiht was bol one, but
j jv-ntiarTH arms proe( t-'0 much fr Yarktc
j tbicrea and- plui.oereis, and th
; soon driven beyond the churcli
en; mv were
in this dirce-
i ifa. ' .. ' : , i "
! Vr?os efTorts were rrfade to t?vade e-nr
cavalry by going around it. but ihe Yankee
! knowledge of the geofffaphy 4t' the country,
! nil tit limited i Mvfe him: lie ad certain
: kr.uwlede of but one r.-ad that Wd to tuny.
j Cieek Dj'pot, and over that the Confederal
!""cvjlry xrfised absolute cuitrjl. j
I Geu. Hampton coutinued to harass and an- I
j noy them during the whole ofTudy night,
f.ucing them back slowly. At day liaht
Wednesday morning he turned their left flank,
and the retreat soon became a rout.
Wilson's shattered columns now betook
themselves to the next roost direct route tu
Grant's Headquarters, 'which was the read
from Diuwfddie Court houfe to Prince George,
and which crosses the railr ad a few bnadrwl
yards south of Keam' Station.
URUBDiLij aa.'irr.
Included cfeaturte. TLey little dreamed
that they were literally jumping from the
frying pan iulo the 8re going from bad to
worse. At Reams' our g.w'lant Lya were
wideawake, and here the euenjy emrouiitered
fhe ever vigilant and never tiring Mahone,
who was well posted and strongly supported
by ueueral i' itz JLeoa
well known cghting
biade of cavalry.
Ge.. Mahone at first intend! toambnaeade
the rascals, and would have dsne so, but for.
the miscarriage ef an unler winch allowed the
artillery to fire rather prematurely, and thus
apprise the retreating hordes of eur herea-
btfts.
I Tien. M's line of battle was fcrcred with
j yitmegau'e Fioridansu the right, and resting
I on the old, Bruuswick r?tage road, while Gen.
j Saandera, (now commanding Wilcox's old
1 Brigadf,) ticcupied the left, and rested on the
railroad. Fitz Lee's cavalry was on the right
! ilaoW.
The fight commenced at daylight, aad a
prifouer informs us that the enemy's first
charge was led by tbe noted Col. SpearsT, whs
advanced with the remark, that "he would
ride tnrrtugh those d d dismounted cavalry
or die in the attempt." But there is a wide
difference between "talking aed doing," and
tbe charge was so gallantly met by both artil
lery and infantry, that the enemy's column
reeoiled, and did not again essy to come for
ward. Finally, tbe enemy took position,- and com
menced fortifying-with fenre rails, when we
sent forward two regiments tbe lOth and
14th Alabama, of Saunders' Brigade, to flank
the raiders. We succeeded in flanking one
liaeof the enemy, and capturing them, but
the enemy's secoad'line came up speedily and
captared 34 of our men. These were the
two Alabama regiments reported captured
vesterday. These were but 34 men captured,
and they were subsequently recaptured.
A NOT II Eli ROUT.
Abont 12 o'c.ock, alt things bein' ready on
onr side, a genera! advance was ordered, be
fore which Wilson's invincibles . fell back.
T his was near the reidrnc3 of Mr. Perkins,
or. the the stage ro.".d. Gur meei contiirned to
pie?sthe enemy, however, nud lie ta fall back,.
until he reached the ford over lvowauty Swamp,
about four miles from Roams', where the tie
emy's ietreat becime a rout. Here our in
fantry halted, but the cavalry continued to
.pre.si the invadir, ard at last accounts, were
still driving them.
THE FRUITS.
Our victory was complete, and the fruita
are glorious. Terxptareu thirty ' five -U. S.
wagons, thirty-three ambulances, filled with
Yankee wounded; eleven beautiful Napoleon
guns; about 700 negroes, train of bu?gies,
carriages,
etc., ktolon from farmers, eomo mile
onrt i 1 r .vie nnniVcr rf i . t e n c
in length,
THE KEG ROES.
The poor negroes, wa the most ne table fea
ture of this great capture. They comprised.
every conceivable class ot tbe race, and as the
vsrst throug crowded to the office of Provost
Marshal Haweryesterday afteraoon, march
ing in open and rather promiscuous order,
they occupied nearly the whole'of Bank street.
We noticed amorg them the old and the
young; the robust and the infirm; the quick
footed and the tho halt; the bright mulatto
elad in tawdry finery, and the ebo-ahin and
the "mo'unfteon," dressed ia boinespuo; hun
dreds of children some ot them little pican
innies, with their solitary garment of ahirt
scarcely reaching below their hips, and many
at their mothers' breast; while others were of
such tender year, that they had to be carried
on the backs of their parent. And when we
thought of these crfjatures driven from hap
py and contented homes,' and made to walk
many long and tedious miles, through heat
and dut, until they were hungered aud Toot
s' re, we could not resist the couvietion. that
the authors of all thtir troubles had justly
merited more than a felon's fate. There is
an act in our statute book affixing a severe
penally for the crime of kidnapping. Every
Yankee prisoner taken in this raid should be
punished, and we hope that our State author
ities will see to it that not one escapes.
TAXKEK OFFICERS IN A NOVEL CAPACITT.
As an evidence of the condition of these
tgroeg, and the circumstances under which
many of them were taken, we would state
that two births occurred among them on
Wednesday night. One iu the bushes on the
side of tbe road, and the other in an ambu
lance. To General Mahone's credit be it
said, he make the Yankee officers officiate in
the capacity of accoucheurs and nurses.
They profess great lave for the poor negro,
oatice and steal them from human masters
and comfortable homes, and it is only right
and proper that they should practice what
they preach.
THE PRISONERS.
The prisoners, to the number of some 400,
were brought in yesterday. Thre are twelve
commissioned . officers. In this number are
ot included any taken by Gen. Hampton in
the fight near Sapponi Church, Tuesday af
ternoun and night. About 150 of the prison
ers who fcave reached here are very badly
wounded. They were stretched out in the
grounds surrounding the Federal H"spital
yesterday, and presented a truly dejected and
wretched condition. Several of them have
been wounded ever since Thursday and Satur
day of.labt week, in the fight near Nottoway
C urthouse aud at Staunton River Bridge. A
few breathed their last yesterday morning,
and several others were evidently oc the eve
of dissolution. We saw a stalwart man die
under the shade of a tree, while his comrades
looked, on with no concern whatever. A
j youth of but sixteen, who is frightfully wound-
m,M iu HIV Ul MS UUUUJCtJ, U prO
eaniy ere tais in eternity.
uij cisuuiu eicfuuy. r
These prisoners represent that tht fight a
f
Sraut n River BriJgo was a mcst gallant "nc
on-our part.,. They say they wera told that
the Bridge waa dtfenda 1 by militia only, but
they ha 1 not seen bctn r righting ; &i;-.ce the .
war com me rued: " ; 4
: It ia rcporudj by several of lie prisoner,
that Gt'h Spear w4 waundwl roti a fUkt s
Reams' Wednesday: and nnny are ot tho
opinio!, that Kaa 7. is in our pofsrssiotr dis
guipl a a piivate.
" THE PLUNDER.- -
The plunder captured fr m the raiders em
braces silver wars, clothing, buggiW, baT.uch
es, pleasure carriage?, haroesar, etc. Amoa
other articlt s U a layge luf of Udies nrrler
garnif nts, em bracing- many elegant chemises
and petticoats. Several of thin claw f gar
meoi, have been. tor up by tne Yitrn'ais t.
kaiuUge the wounds vf the:e plunderers.
Prifeners state lhat thy ntver kaew horses
so saree, and "y fhat on tho Urgtt nlant
tions not a hoise was to bo found.' Voan
glad that tbe planters were apprized of th
approach of the thieeea in trnsj to leraove
their animals.
Many cf tue nJbners sato 'that their re
tians give out three day ago, and that they,
have be-n living pb bard corn a-nd green ap-4
pies for tho past forty-eight hours r mre. '
This is much better fare than they deserve.
atet.
Fotijiefn of the Yankee raider!", among
them several fficers, came in yefterday from
the wocdrt ia Din widdie, under a flag of truce,
ar d delivered themselves ever to our pickets.
They knew that capture was inevitable, but
when broujjht in last niht, claimed consider
able credit for having voluntarily .surrender
ed, and thfew out sora hints about peculiar
privih'gea. Provost Marshal Bridfort soon
si'enced this, sort of palaery, 'and marched
them tc the Barracks with tho common herd.
They surrendered h rses and equipments com
plete. - ' .
"There were many reports f heavy firing
and much ' fighting yesterday in the direction
of DfnwfJdic Gmrfhouse, but up. to twelve
o'clock last night, we had failed to ascertain
anything authentic.
It is now known that we have killed,
wounded and captured at loast 2 500 of the
enemy, tafcvn 14 pieces of artille-y, 2 000
horses, and many ambulances, wagons, etc
The Yankees have destroyed a I ittle rail on
two roads, and a depot or two, but they havti
been made to pay dearly for their whistle.
Our loea is very small all causes.
The Examintf has the following interesting
editorial :
lias a new era begun for the cavalry of
Virginia? The reall) brilliiRt and unseful
service which it has done within the last four
week?, at least kindlessthe hope that organiza
tion and discipline have at Ust been felt in its
ranks. The want of these things net of val
eur, not of good arms, not of good hordes was
the causa of its long eclipse. "If the sam?
st;ictness f military law had always been
enforced in the cavalry of Virginia, its effici
ency would never have been less than that of
our eyer glorious infantry. Thfre are, indeed,
reasons why our cavalry ouglit to have been
superiour to our infantry. Certainly, the
disparity of the Yankee horse to that of the
Confederacy ought to have been greater than
the inequality of the inlantry of the two
couatries.
The details, snch aswc have, of the splen
did.nictory on the Southside will he finjnd in
other columns. But it is not lone in Virginia
that the Con federate cavalry is coming out.
What lias happened in Northern fenrgia is
Irarned from the Yankee papers. The caval
ry of Job aston's army has sucoeded incom
pletely severing Sherman's, communications
and in cutting his only s ances. of supply.
This accounts for the attack which he lately
ventured to make on Johnston in a chosen
and fortifiatl ponirinn.
We have no further news. from that impor-tant-firld.
The dispatch ol Johnston is the
last authentic news. Some surprise is express
ed that it indicated no change of position in
the Guifederate army. Why, it is asked, did
it not fall on the beaten . ad versary and de
stroy him ? The truth may be probably dis
cerned. Johnston knows that bis. enemy is
in a trap. Retreat is ruin; he must attack.
It h clearly our interest that he shonld be tho
attack ting party now in every conflict; for
then his men are shot from the breastworks,
without loss tp us. When he commenc?s
his retreat, it will be an ascertained fact that
he will nttack no more j and then only will
the Confederate army move upon" him. Un
less Sherman can now rout Johnston, he 13 a
doomed man. The Tribune's correspondent
truly described his situation. He has, indeed,
fallen into a. " trap'' into an abyss, from
which il. tie sortira jamais!
FROM GKoRGIA.
In Georgia the Confederate oavalry are se
riously inteirupttng General Sherman'" com
munications. On the 18rh instant, General
Wharton, at the head of 2. 500 men, captured
and destroyed, on therai!road,betveen Kings
ton and Dalton,five freight trains loaded w th
supplies for Sherman's army. Two days
later two other freight trains, also loaded
wuh supplies,rwero captured by. the Couftdc- .
rates near Resaca.
We have uothing to report f.oni Sherman,
Our last intelligence, it will be remembered,
was that H oker's corps captured the strong
posit iou occupied by the Confederates on Lqt
Mountain, but was subsequently compelled to
abandon it.
FROM ABS.ANSAS.
A telegram from St. Louis states that all
the military posts between Cape Girardeau
and Little Rock have ben abandoned, and
that the Confederate have regained all but a
small portion of Arkansas. t
Correspondence of the Chattaaooga Rekel.
. . ' On the Wing,' J
Atlanta Ga., June 27th. j
Dear Rebel: Newa from the front thi3
day, glorious. Tho enemy this morning as
saulted oar left centre with aerea linos of bat
'tle, and were repuliied with terrible slaughter.
Reliable men put it do-.n at seven thousand
killed aad wounded, with the leao of thrte
stand of colors, aad many prisoners. The
artillery firing was terrific. Prisoners report
that Tiiomas said he iutooded to carry Kfen
nesaw Mountain this morniag or die in the
attempt, but had done neither up to 2 o'clock,
nor did there seem to be any prospect of hfs
doing so. Met Maj. J. P. Straage, Gen. For
rest's gallant Assistant A. General to-day.
With the exception of his wounded arm he
is in excellent health aad spirit. His arm is
healing rapidly. Bri. Gm. Gid. J. Pillow,
crossed the "Coosa" river last Tuesday on a
war hunt in Sherman's tear. More anon.
O. G G.
Among the captares in the Trans-Missis- h
sippi Department, from Banks, were 1.200;
iiou axle wagons and a targe quantity of farm
ing implements, which the .Yankees had
brought with them to reap and thr?h the
crops as they went along, Kirby Smith reaped
and thrashed the Yankees and the imple-
ana torasnea tne xanKees ana me
meata were of ao further use to them.
Fruia tht Conservative.
.... ... . .; A. rani.
r 'B w ax-Pox r.rX.C. .n;24 '18ft
BJ. I). Htun ha -rPifaac d
me tbe.fvor to insert in tour paper k fr w lines ;
giymg try rea.eons fnr nnt havhie replied t- ,
the slanderous assertions n-iaderatraifist me by j
.tT.JYrTloTden;.n .i'jtommen'fs tip'on the'
ceriificate which I had riven eonrerornar him. ,
In the first plae, I did not consider it ne- !
reasanr to reply, "from the firt'lTrkt hr hi
rwn argument ho had proved himself a lir. .
lie admit, having a erv tre.ic'aerora mmo-
rv, says he erce- in hundred of cnvrr- ;
sarons during V month, wf wMeb ffc retains '
no d?stirCt recoil r-t;.-.n th rnfarmn ia
j that, if he mnde any such 'em ark at. s!l in i
mv pres-nee. wins snch star d. nninrorred :
peracn, I misapprehended his meanirff. Yet
ke admits that Celonel TTorton. wht. he aavs.
is"iiu ibfelijgent gentleman." (and in which
I concur,) and, tl.erfo-e. ea urderatand
either a ?hort scritence. or a rotinjyency, or
a statement in an argument." 4rmade sab-
stant'allv tHe same atatement " a. hm tin--1
ally admits th t Hortim rrcnllerted a rrr-
tion of the conversation. Such inennsisTencies
ami st ilts t perve tand.goaronnd the truth is
stupidly rid'cuVws snd conb mpiible in a man
wh makes any preteotioi s to intelligence or
common sense, and if lie has snch a leaden
memory as he admits he has. and still mere
evidence is required to awaken it from the
dormant state, there car be other -snbantbl
evidence produced from vnrior. s urc- to
corroborate ihe statement mnde hr Mr. Tlc.r
tow aad mysir. The editor of the Fnrer'P
ville Carolinian snvs in an editorial in his
paper, that W V. H.,lden knows thit on
the 5Mi day of Jamarv, 1864. at his rnW in
Raleigh, he made use of lanjuue to ns just as
damning, jintfls treasonable and aa infamous,
as that published in tbe Hampton Card." And,
says Mr. Sinclair, "we led him nut anr' lorn
fdinore than thaf published hv Gov Vance."
with a threat also that he will divulge it,- if
Mr. Holden does not let him alone. . So I pre
sume Holden will be very quiet and lenient
towards that Editor.
. Ilolden's whole coiiree for the Tat twelve
month has conclusively shown to the public
what he w'ubes te accomplish. No one. whose
opinion is worth aoghf, pretends to think that
he has been actuated by patriotic motives, or
love of country nnselg-h patriotism is a vir
tue that never entered his breaat His owt
If aggrandizement ia and ever has beea tbe
only object aud aim of his life. Therefore be
changes and takes the othtr side of the ques
tion, in order to insure his election. He has
beea n all sides of all questions, and there
fore justly noerita the reputation, be now has
of want of veracity I firmness, aad boaesty of
purpose. As regards hi remarka aboat my
'stupidity ' I care nothing about that, wttle
I understand things in the same light aa irt
VHiffeat rsan do for instance, H.slden's ar
ticle. I am a plain farnterand never had any
pretentions to superior knowledge ; bur I can
trulvsajr.I had rather be a stupid ' fellow,
with a reputation for truth and bouimtv tbn
to he a shrewd hypocritical demagogue and
liar. Superior talents directed to ba pur
pose are nly calculated to establish and per
petuate niic's infasny aad disgrace. Our - lal
euts were giv-n to ua for bueficent purposes
and to promote good. Therefore, when they
are barely perverted to accomplish evil, they
are buried, so far as regards the end f ir which
thy were designed. If we believe in the
Bible and retributive justice, we shall be re
warded or punihe l according to our deeds and
the uses we make of ur talents. So I am
very well satisfied with the contrast between
say extreme stupidity and. INMen's (as he
think.) gigantic intellect and" stupendous
powers of comprehension. I will try and
make a hotter use of the small amoaut of
brains that have been kindly bestowed upon
roe, inan II.. Mm is and has been doing with
his great abundance.
And now I will say, if I wre as good a
friend of Lincoln and the Liucoln government
as I think he is, and as the Yankees regard
him and had I dona as mnch to injure the
Confederacy and promote the cause of the
enemies of our country a he, has done, I
wruld withdraw immediately from the Gu
bernatorial canvass and the Southern Con
federacy, where he no donbt would be better
appreciated than he is ia his own country,
and where he even might stand a chance of
being a Governor of some State, as a reward
lor his services in their behalf. For, indeed,
he stands no chance in North Carolina. But
if he should act upon this suggestion, he had
better be iu a hurry about it; tor, once they
fiad him out, as the people here have done,
they will drap him ato.. Mr. lb-Hen has
such a reputathm for lying, that I do not fear
his slanderous pen or tongue. Where I am
koowu he cannot injure me, for his making
an assertion is the best evidence we can have
that it is not true.
Aud now, in conclusion, I do say that
when Holden denies maki-g the' remarks that
Col. Horton aud myself have certified to, he
tells an infamous aud wilful lie.
W. W. HAMPTON.
For the Confederate.
Gknkral Hopital, No. 1,)
Kittbell's Springs, N. C. J
Messrs. Editors; Your many readers will
no doubt gladly hear something from this
place, aud to know that KittrelPs, once, so
famous as a pleasurejesoTt, is now the home
of our sick and wodGfled soldiers.
The plare is now uuder the supervision of
Dr. Butt, Surgeon in charge, with Or. Drake
and Berry as Assistants, and Dr. Black nail as
Stewart and general superintendent. S with
this corps of sober and discreet, gentlemen, all
must surely go on well.
About three hundred men have already
arrived, and every train brings in a new lot ;
and as ihe hospital has just been established
and the men have nothing to go on but Gov
ernment. rations, any contribulOis whatever
will be thankfully received. The articles
mostly required are milk, butter, fowls, eggs,
fruit, (areen or dried,) vegetables pickles,
cakes, old linen rags, or, in fact, any thing
wdl be acceptable. Those having such things
to spare, will please send theai in, either as
donations or for sale if the latter, thej will
be cheerfully paid for.
During the' past week, the following articles
were contribute 1: Mrs. Lewis Davis, Mrs.
Wm.' Robards, Mrs. George and Miss Pettard,
a wagod load of milk, butter, eggs, chickens,
dried fruit, caks,- pies, vinesr, Sec, fcc
Citizens of Oxford, through Mr a Elliott, a
wagon load load of delicacies too numerous
and good to mention. Mrs. C. G. Blacknsll,
a lot of butter, wine, milk, lines rags, &c.
Now, who will follow their noble example ?
Don't te backward or ashamed saaall favors
will be thankfully received.
In candor, let me ask, can yc.u live at heme
in comfort ami ease, and permit our soldiers,
who have so long and bravely prevented our
downfall aud ruin, to suffer for Mich things as
might be so easily dispensed with ? I know
you will not. "A Lookeb On."
Juas 28, 1864.
TELEGRAPHIC.
UEPORTJ" OFTlIE'l'lUJ. ASSOCIATION.
rr C5fD..JihB-tan's Army.
GRKAT SLAUGHTERS OF TH.K TASKlvES.
MARIETTA, June 2b. Unn-ual
thelites to 4r, the eneeir being fwrrni'tpd t
bary tkeir .last patrifri Ud. A. (its. fJaM'p
great victory is brourht to fiprt, it n.p-r ihu
itwaaatSrat much nl.rrateJ. The envaiv a4
mit a loss of gftfen hundred in front of Clehu; n'e
di? iaion, and a lns in killa" aloii: the r,fnt ..f
that aad CbeathjiTtr's, of ssren hunrcl and lifty.
Fifehaadrl nrubu' ances ifre counted T.-tfrdv
from the snmrnit ofK'n?T rrnnntatn, tinn-po-t-iejr
thfir rroun.J.t t( S.i Shanf. In front t
Gon. Hardee's cnri their Fo?s if- estimated at i'oRr
thpa;ar.d, aad about the same ia I'rent wf e
Lorir-V The ar.k? Uiwrsli Iia. MC.ik
aad Packer were certainty killed.
s-reojrt MsraTcn .
MAnrETTA: Jine 5.--At two oVUrk thi
wornio.the enemy rov- Gen. ChcalLam'n piekete
id tii aittiujt-.-: to t.rw lm.i.-'w..r Im-y
were receive I with' a mntt ttrriSc ftreof irti!lrv
and musketry, which canned them to retire. Tneir
less aut asoertaiued ; our. only cue killed aud tw j
wuuGttee .
The following dirtch has keea receired ky
Gov. Vance, frura Itig4nt:
boys At CraP anre, and 5tftr.rc a!i ihru-i-place.
Uorgantiin) ai.d ihive care, and dainarcd
JobnHr;"41 a'r J,U5T ret"rBif bv ''-' -t-Jobnt
rircr, onr furccs panuiag niid.-r ,
Brown, of the 1st .V. C. Troea.." The Ualderi
nuuibi-reome three or f,.ur hundred."
M0M1LE, Jr'jtP -()... TheTkile Evening News
f llie 27th, has Cincianati dates of the 23.1. Th
circulation of tee Chicago Time an'd theCincin
nati hrtq.irer have been prvkibitea". The 1,1 iijre
limited to the garrison posts below IIuetTillo.
, FAm the Trans-!5is5iippi.-Sbli.y 15 in pos
session of Clarendon. Fa-n rroi.rd the Arkansas
and moved towards the White liver.
f rice is reported tnor?r ' I :ni. t .
;-. " unci.-
Gnnbeats passed toward? retaphie Mndtv, crit
e1 a4
1.
piCM
inSekfF,oUl r7'-td at 243. In Mere
phis, go-d a&0. Cottoa 14S.
WK are aittier;zfd anil rrtiaraird to
far th. Hn"aCr ? K MO,lTJ'. raid" a
for the Hoe,. .1 Gauiaioas, Ires. Alaa.oe ceB.
ty,ia tbe next Le;iutu.
jaaeT-I13-dtAw4t
wake couirrr.
miESHER!FKALTT.-f..r.a.ta.vizeJ4.e:
-X requested teaaaeaaee XT. II. HIGH. Ks.. ae
a caadidatc fer re-eltetion te tke office f Sairir
attheeleehoa in Awust. ja 17.te--.Uw '
To the Twtfrs of Catanba ( ounty.
O. SOLDILK8 :- By thertqu-tof mevtVi,..K.
I anoounce myself a candidate for Sheriff nf
Catawba cr.untv. It ia well known that I ho
been a soldier for nearlv two vears; and J I
be elected, and escape the dangers of thi it'n
n.er carupaign, 1 will endeavor to fcerve yau t
ke best of my ability. I an trulv in hope. f
bear of a large reajoritr in favor of vour be'ient
servant, on the firt Thureday in Auud next I
am your eon and brother,
'a . - AI-VI.V HUXSUGKER.
A private in Co. D, Mtll. if, Battalion, UwU
as?ined to Co. I, 4th N. C. lteffiment.
jane !S-2o-w6t
COMMITTED
TOTflE JAIL OE WAKE COUNTY. Af
runaway, on the 5th of May. nc' w ..
man, who fay ber tiarue is SALLY llUVAM',
and that she was raised in Jours euin v. v
Finch, fibrt hnd on whn eotnttiitte I re t
too dress. She is about 2A year old, 6 feer 2 iu ii
es high, tlcnder, e hr Mack, two upper ir.,-. t
teeth out, and rather ,tow fjotten. The .wnT
ef said negro is requested t euie forward, prov-i
property, pay charges hhJ tak er niviv, cr iie
will bo dealt with as tbe law d.'rrrf.
r W. H. 111(111, Sherlfl.
92-dltlwtf
XOTICE.--Thf Sohsrrlhfr hnvln? n;r!
bed aa hxentor of thelan Will and ttqIIM , t
or Edwin S. Sanders, deceai'd, heivbv noiifj.
persons indebted to the ettrt of paid d -tv
naake immediate parinent end fHilemf tit, as loif
er indulgence cannot be iv.-n ; Hiid ail p-r.-..iis
h a vlnjr claims aain-t n:iid e.tat-, will nrc-.t
them lor payment within th- tiro rcribl bv
law, or thin notice will bf p! ..ad i brof tluir ic
covery. This tb 25th d- or Mir. lfit.
ja 8-13-w4fJn'V W-'II0DUI Kaecutor. .
A PRIVATE SCHOOL FOR TOVSG UDIKS.
milE FOURTH fMSSMOX Of MIM MAN'
I GUM'S SCHOOL, will open on Frida v thcS:ih
Jaly, at the residence of ber mother, ilfa. Willie
P. Uunsrum.
Her pupils will find a home in her mother's
family. Only a limited number can be received.
For further iaforraation. ad.lrrns
HiUsboro', Oraage county, S. C, care or Dr. J.
F. Cain.'
jua- 16th. 14. tti-w-12t
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Pitt Colntv.
Court of Pleas ani Tjmrt?r Scaiiins Mav
ierm, it34.
Henry Sheppard. Adm'r ori
mm
'
., jos. a, nitnauis, Gee d
vs.
Petition to divido
Slaves.
''' Distributers of 1
Jos. A. Williams, deceased, j
IT APPEARING TO THE SATISFACTION
or the Court, that R. R. Foreman aid wif.,
defendants in this caac are noo-rccidcut of this
State: It is ordered by the Court, that publica
tion be made for six we-ks in th? ConfeUrnt,
notifying the taid dcfendnLts of the tiLlnjr of thi
petition, to appear and answer, Ac, at th nctt
Term of this Court, or judgment pro ennfemo will
be granted against them.
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
june 8-19 w6t
STATE OF XORTII CAROLINA.
Amir County.
Superior Court of Imic,' Spring Term 18C4.
Joka C. Plumper
r. Original Attacbmeat.
Ralph Ulevins.
It appearing to the satis'sction of th e Court that
ke defendant Ralph Btevins is not within the
( urisdiction of this Court : It in ord-red that pub
ication be made in th-- weekly Co-yvW-ro'e for sir
weeks, coni-nanOing the said defendant to be and
appear at tbe next term of tha Superior Coart f
aw to be held for the county ofApk, at the
Court House ia JeflVricn. on tke 4th Monday artir
the 4th Monday i" Aofrust next, then and there
to plead and replevy iu tbe aid eaeae, otter vi-'
final judgement will be rendered against hi o.
Witness E. C. Bartlette Cl?rk of ur said Cou t
t olhce the 4th Moadav after the 4th M ndav in
Februarv, 18o'4. E. C. BARTLKTE, C. S. C.
June2wt
O TATE OF NORTn CAROLINA, CAD Alt Rt'3
JCouotv, Court of Pleas aad Quarter Sessign,
April Terin, 18C4.
M. M. Miscnheimer, adm'r
I. M. Misenheimer, adm'r
of D. C. Wilhefm, 7
1. M. Wilhelm A.otbers, .)
Petition to sell land.
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court
that George Logan and wife Ifancv, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitaou of this State, it is
ordered by th.: Court that publication be mad
for six weeks in the Wet klr Confederate for sewl
defendants to appear at the next term 01 tlm
court, to be held tor the county of Cabarrus st
the court house in Concord on the third" JI t uy
inJulv next, and show caae if any they t ave,
why tbe lands described in the petit iou shoeM not
be sold according to the pravers of th peiti; .
Witness, Joseph 1 oungi Clerk of our said t art
at office in Concord, the third MonHav in A nl,
A. I). 18C4. JOSEPH YOUNG, Clerk.
vsa 4-w6t pr. avd. $36.