I
A
1 11E CONCEDE
1
iliAltt.
THE' CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-1.
ADYHUTISEMEItTS Will be tntorted at re me
solids. per square f tep Uses (er Uu) for ese
lasertioa. Marriage notices and obituaries Will to
ohergedas-sdtsrti'esaeiits.
JOB WORK.
JOK WORK of every dcscripUoa will bs a
ctd at this Office witlj dispatch sad a neatly
a can be doe anywhere in. the Soother Cos
ederaejr. ' '',
4.
Si d
TERMS :
DA.'LT EDITION', foi 6 iuntb
..
A J " A
r fvi.v rniTfi,' fr Etoctha - ft
. . ........... . .
Nosuoscrii'tions will b received o aiij other, j
trrm iu.u the iiue,cur for a hmgtr or charter j
VOL. 1:
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1865.
NO. 39.
PI
1 Ik
(bit
v
HOW the YanVltC Nation " Enillls Castlfl il ;
tht'iir."
k'n inr-s of Gt '
Tl rM'i
tbe
1 vpn-
'.....- -j. fdred ia ihis'!i -:i
thf"r
' ... .mi Tt
h:ru-
t'v uf n-Hure wlilch 1:ih always
is i...vr .w'v .-.rtnerr. Wi V::"-- I 1 , , . ,
, . if ... I r.v fcci-gmls flew exit and in. m :ne very
r.rMx:,,,utt.s t j truth it. us i.arrivj-s. il ,
L.-ir ' rui. i the bomi arament. And (ji-i!erl
txwi.t ore - r ao -jKft it.-..- avti- '.r v.ir- ,
. . m.-1 vi.;. vrlio p ?.:iiit?o aa i nianaei the ie-
. , , . . - , ... ; .. !:r".;u:d L'el, Lti:b a-.d his nol if feys,
... . ... .. I, . r i .f !v t'l M : IJi ' . .:.-rT-'
a! with him. i:o-v thu !vi; r l,kfoi'"Wi t"'"' 4JV """j. J
. , - , ' - . . , r.-.m- ! i1 en ?01 " premature," byodus, i -.iyiog
I ' . ; ir v r. r ir that ti c "1:1st Entlfid rjS.j .fri tK Li:rj-e is la
wl du:i't ;iiO a-
wht--. -" .aV:i
l: v
thhc n. -re tl sr. this un-nlV-r :;' 1 ; s ; i
j ,ur-il. Hs Iftwl-T f.-rli's ihr pi.-t. ii- the i
.in L it ;!.d!:ls i-T a ni -sf E:r-r cir.-j ::r.iM- I
. . , . v i jp. j
iaT of rat!es la the air. rr tno ... i...rfc ,
R.r.rt ha, r,.rl.1 t.e!
IU'.UMUUIU nili', ' - -
out brides i.d witn as. r. rtic and viotc-.j
. . " . - , i . r i". : . :. .r- c.i j i
p-e'ure, and il tru?, luih; ve-
! i:i.ke the r
vv .i uV.h :i-V f.u
1 .h-n -I'm ' ... -
wr tr,.ni H.l's bciu u:t. rl.v xz-Mvi-i.
hue ih" Yanker adii::Mwt-s tait 'iVrAv M '
J ; ar.J
H-vt '
r-.'treateti ti'uiiy, 1 c.ia'u u-
wisj had r-fure rut.- " i r raust l niT:eecn
.:i Lei i zU't cri)A ;'p to
1! -1V
A i 1 -rt
L;vc the .t: 1 iurr . a .--d
de:'.cra. bttli'.'tM: ii;e 20t::
.
;.;rr;v'.iir a bii ' :e i I 1
vtrv !.r' tr.in f 'n '-' ;
furM-r ju;"..r;ui -u. h'l H vj
; i
5 r.r'ny r.awc
. - "
crt.ivl the
- , - .i '
itidea, wfcie i v wi:. -r:r: i- ,;
,
prever.t the p-e. . i
Sternan (y IVi.t,ett vill capture Sa- !
' " ,1 - t c-nt !
vani ah, an; the tr.en that are it: it. 4-gUM.a ;
r , , :f ltT,-n l, !
irill fall n-xt. a?;J co defence ot t uil! be
, , .u,, l, ii .'r t:..p rfi
n-.ado. tr.erni?iii wui then i--11 nc utie o
t . . - ,v,?. i.T .
treSavannan r:er, anu iron, la.s can
. , n p. f:,i.
aid sLis-t the ' opera tk-us a2;inst the relwl r
m to hurl agairst S:e-n.ai:." It so r-apjwt.i,
however, tha- Shvrvau fca J captured Savan-;
. , t : ;,.",.. ti .,,.--"
n ih atu; the n ? vho re iu :t ; o'. ti.e Jn-i
w'.oateu. u are n t t mm that .
tt:.ra-r wn.M care to bave -r.i of it. Tl ry
of it. Ti rv
5'- ut llard-e mtu the fir en tli usar.d
' . .. w to vd,.r l.U c-.n.ti.abd.
H IU cu . J - - 1 ' "
. . . . . ,
iri::e nx
ihri ait;! "
These ijUeiiy c:?ivi i.vt-r a
brought awav ti.tir tf-re.- aid
!ry. ami arc
r.;w i hv in-; v f ihi r.-, ''
tile hurbd vjsd'i-t
iihMnv.a vtit-ietr t-hu l nn
vrci:'.erful ex i loitf wisioh av-.v limr.ctt lta
uoTiii'm?'! fr him. 11 w easy a v i: z it
V.' .i1 Or lO
.-.uiViicT a . , i: r
rl,. If; t ..it .
ti n le 1 re with a
Kvn d, ar.d Dcn-ftt, ar.d Gt-r ;- s .1
.-ir-i Mr. J.ir;s. r. Torie-t Fj- . ,v u'.;
j.t tr
fl:4i!:i::illT ' "'.' ti ''
nuit t:e ifrru t':ii f'.rtb'.r t:.ui:u . :
Adn.ir-l Pcrter g x to e!e-. r-3bl iv-A
and -doubt a t that re hi :-.p:ive th. -
beiiku t-f the U: hnrbor tf.t h:-s r -.K- ; it
to utt bupplits- 1 cao bf.; be j if ru ;i,.r
tosav that ti'.o last Enfield r:f . ! -r tr rei-ci
has bet-.i if-sucd. and the i .t r trc Ufuu
ca tbat the rccei ordr.ance ofiicti-s will tver
coiiCiHM u that tne Uonu-viiuvy liai c- j
lapsed - lil (say hp) i? utterly trthcd j !'ch yf HocWtn. C. Paves, of Virginia, on
ha, j.t a;fhU artiicr- and has to rt hi-- the Currency hi;!, to which we irvite tS;e ai
.iL nmH-tc ? rout -r. -. a .wjll'ii river with- j -tur rcaJtrs: The principle of the
crt frnn. Kt -'ard, Otrmany or France, is no ' cnu-uv. to aaotatr point, ut these latter,
: . , ,,.,. i ,i . . stonitlhirg like oue hundred and fifty uudcr
a their hands. Ikhooi the gust With which f t , 1 .
iHiir.4 '- conn:aniot Majt.r Itecce, veresurifcideredtoa
the Yankee prtphet ria. the wpture of il- f Captain nod live men, Lo demanded the sur
min:on." VH, Porter u.d o c!oe vp tt.e 1 render, inhuming the Major that he was sor-
TeiwTport ;' and be found it trtie jn i.oi- ; r.UMiel at-d that ristaucc was useless. Lt.
, .1 t , i , . t H-n.b'tn, as we learn, refused to w lrrener
witbstand'uir the bkxkade ur-tt tnat kepi v . , ' . ,
r ( anU w kel cfl, and w as tweive U-C- with
was, hat the l-ar. Wide vpen j m t:e
coi uon to i-ec.W'i uy for locL nge wouM
cpea ii at.V wuier. And forter cairte, ut u
w:t, hiru a gre;,t Uus: cf wiud. and Yankee '
. ,
landsmen, soidies iu.I of p-ct, u.ei- ao
vthitas. vere t-sd v.p am o.own their in
piies were turr.tJ - U'sIe. and ai; J; tilth of
creation t..i t:ey Cuat iii evi was p-urut upon
lae -ea Frciii the Ik-ast I-u ier up to the
r.-.rrs.! n.-h a r.mseati..-f sn.:!:.rV is
said t evtr to have bt praikkd. It.
preach vb-ou-grap-iv in i s vensihiilitude ; t d
v , . . . .
ular o:d Abrauata. on reaUtng, it i" r f . o
t have burst with Unht. occiaru g -t
the best exempl;fica.ioo of " ltp -p- i' .'-'
ever yet sten. x
vlit with the sick -atomacKS vf t.e hed j
crew, the tursMPp of ihe six oie hr.r Jrol
founder Parrctts, and the mutilated limbs
thereby cattereil overboard, such a feast fcr
the sharks cS Wiimicgton, thi-v b?d nver
rn:dvrH It as i 'rhfistrrai r.riSMJl to the
Ma-fiah, got up i. tfcebvl Yaukw-KAlt- Ad
Porter did big part ia the v. tcrtuiMnet-r. He
sent bis two.buLdr.d atd filceen t. i.j t-f .un
3 n u , i , L , .t
powder cktsetuto the ftirt, and there blew n
r '
p with an explosion that wishear d.siinaly
in the countks of Wake and Ju hasten ; and
he cxpet-d thereby t demoralise the 'well i
d:--ipHu' garrison of Colonel Lamb but the
I v- s didn't know what it was, but mistook it
H Yankee ironclad " gri c to pt
and
cr cvrt- most Insi-i'v. And the " last, harbor
'"' e rrtU - ?itif.'.ction rrukiuji the
the h: r.:'s .f tlx- .H-is." A d Wi'minT'oa
Noith Ca.'olii-:i ls:5
: :" ' r trktti of i!trprvwi-;f.iLJ Cci federate
. : i
vVt rcfiveii j Virgii.ij,rr Sou tLcrn papers'
jest? cay. aLd onr coluu us are thrrtfere ar.-
j j
reuorcew thu morning Ve commence,
"l""" 1!! "c
thi - k ensfde th? reader to ucccrstand the
P ' ' l,rp"isel by ir. irinno.ni. J he well
oi thi.? t-::Jii Sratsnijui, will yield force
liiitifjcf in 'he.uf.iciua aui views he
txt
l'!tK i k. 'H.e Argus and CVi-
"i : -if:: "r he'i v, ag we h.ve
& a- ". Viv -'of it. i" t:sf?e tf'.-iuiuiss that could
iv-1 ti i.ts to sec r.rui lully rwr.ize
:-ii.iCfr-s:.; tor, rd the ts.ighty power
; i, -ii d -.-.a d a.' i: as the gre.it and
-; ; Tr- t tin . euera, this war,
. i - i i I t?.:i.. thi-ty d:s r i'.h vi:
...; i. :v- ?:-:rcc i-rchiij: a.vi! our
e-
V.'
ir.j!v. t o -fir i tiC2 icr the !.-.; f ur loie
yer:Ci : u sate :s ;he Great G d rits fu-
Prr",uy i.eareu as on earth, it will" ctver
V aV5 ta.-Mii -ua f It
i" ; 'j r'-el-.TntiuR h; b:is d v?.m c.l surva-
1
t'rar-.r. It is the dktv, then, wi ile our brave
5 u-
' arc ShlRS tas l'osbips
tne teiitw: field, fur ali who are bled v:it,h
'
privirege of reaiair.iaj at home to aid
-
Jhern by prayers and supphca'iius to the God
j i j u
f baiiits, who u'jvcr yet has frsfcen or turn-
' J
cuadeuf ar t those who ferventiy invoke
1S -avt r-
Connally's Brig&dr.
" We Una ih.t thi bridle, c..:npos d of the
8ih lir.'iimcut and L'th x-hn's li stallion of
- -
R r ..t, n, KeecV?, Fiv. ch's and
Iv?;,.- i; I'.r.tfaii.T:?, t-ther with the '2nd
;:;,..:;.', r.r.tfaii.T-, t.ther with the 2 d
U-jrttwnt b-;uin.tjrvliai Cavalry, and some
,1 ry u,u!er U viumacit of G-
ou'l C -iiy, actu 15r!;:-iir:-, wrre cltargt-d
v j.fU -eamuous duty i f guard:i:g the const
,,Vii, .rc J-VrL to ii iwouboT-i' and cf -vupp'-Tt-
iu Fort F'hcr or bugar Loaf in case of an
ut
Tuis aidueus duty tl ey
, , p-.r'ormtit until the arrival cf Genera! Kirk
,IV ' l i..i. l;ie Usirc enc-imned-and having t.i-ir
tie;I..pyrier5 at a p int convci.ier.t tobupport
a- y xue iac J point. Oa Satur!ay, wc biic
; occupied the lines tt isug-ir L-.f,
wlU-.i p;i-iti--u;s tLeV held uutil the ru eiiibar-
katioa ol tne euciuy. I ne promp;iHitle ot the j
s eu ia obeying an yrders their p'.tieacc :n
the endurance of !a:igue and privation, aid
tneu ei.eril quali'ies asso-ciers were worthy
ol il i.raies. Attuouh the enemy thrsw
i!,- ,1 it-j Swar Loaf as woH a. into Fisner,-i
. t thi xfje men, not on guard, sieep asscmnd'
1;. i f juiftiy vn tha second utgnt uf tise
.-i? i.i!: a. tln-ugh resting tranquilly- afc
, such !d bvcu their fatigues fur days
Of the Jitniors cvdered to Fort FLher, some
were put ii.to the bombproo.'s acu souie wre j
h:.Jr Ti.e tnemy had no force to stop them. J
Ti'y hui i:o force to compel a surreuaer. It t
a uai."j-Tti, wuioj uu-,i not u uaie
ecu il-r Hee or ,ai. b,y else but
ir i- te -l . U 't enc fcC-pects ti-rachcrv,
t, 5 v e kiH?w o!. "
Tne rtM-rr.fc hL wed themselves ready and
widi .jt to do unyUut.g that might be required
v imu. it v ..ete not closely engaged
wit;. u-.ne:i. ;'. was not that tuey shrank
!rai tii?ir Tiuty, DLi :;t.of the fact that there
lscoCiiter with the cue-
; ruv s iar.i K it'
r.a tat the positions they
, , ., , . "
I' inaj be ss-well .osay berr, taat it tanxs
, ,- , , fre , a niii.taice in the ir.for.a-
n an attauh or asiault& said t
, : ' VXvU an'ide cn Fcut " T enem'ff
skirmish line approached wkhin lng musket
kiai - jre o: "the Fcrt, t at no aUemr.t wus rLada
fc ;..n,.it . liiMion Journal.
It is said that during the bombardment of
Fcrt Fi.her tw barg were gallantly rowed
wittir: 1200 yards ot our batteries, withthein-
. - . - . .
jtreiriet. - Une stiot irorn tae I atterv , ased
. vr ilem s.ud theofiicer iuctCM-and "r e asd
j waved bit iiag ia triumph and derihk-n bota
j Cv; d Lcl,ler lats, cni
1 thiiii .ue;er. stdrrpiiRl tLdr contents ito
. , .
; the f. fc. n.e o! the cnen v were ptkinp
j hy cii er bots, bt the Iiazardoaa-ezLeiitnent
was u-.t repealed Consertaiice.
From the Richmond Sentinel. '
It becoruea us coolly andcimly to look iuto
11 the circiuostaDcoB of our condition, and to
adrpt with firnr.es and rncry tuch po!i(y
as wisdom n:ay point o-ct or nccefsity c re
strain. It is childieh iVhine vlvAot ruisfor
4une; it is cowarclly to Fink under it ; it is
absurd to be cnfeohled by it. i A brave man
ft-uiiing with aixertt;ty is worthy of special
admjrntioi. "a spectacle for cada a&d
me:i
it
We hirik that our late adverses hrvd'ne
ir uch lovards pr paring' the minds of our
prop'c ?cr ti e mrt exircie sacrifices ff they
shall be adjndrpd ; ecesry Nthe.-uc e Aof.iur
cause. Aid i truth they are : ot sacrifices at
a!l when con-par".! with osir s-it nation if sub- 1
jTrvar.ei. ir is a qucj-ii!n Minpiy wnetaer we
Fh:ll give fir oyr own uses or' whether the
Y-Hiiktes h t! take fur theirs. Subjugaiin
nieaiiit e rn k ;.ci parish juid coaflscatiun. "AU
cu Mersantsand ail orr property yielded up
ti 5g:st in defence of otir cauutry, would
n.ean no n-oie. Bat it woM he far rrjore glori-T
one to devtte our means to our success' than
to to-e tittm as spoi!s lo the enemy. 0r sit-
natiu, tc, htrip?d tf our proi'ertyj l"Mt
rr.a?ter o! the cnvernrncj.t, would be infinite
ly better than it despoiled by the enemy, and
wearing his lnds.
These views have long received the theor
etical aseiit ef -ur pec pie. -Tr.ey arc now
our fraetical, rehzip.jr convictiion. A thou
sand prejudice-?, thousand consecrated drjr
was, are. now ready to be yielded at the hid
ding of r.cce.-ri;y. Any sacrifice of opinion,
trni j-rtc c o! prcn-rty, any surrend r bf
p'fjadicc it ifocessary to defeat our enemies
i in.w tic watchword ai d reply; Sbju
gatiou 16 a b;rr-r that cnibracesaU oilier hor
rors ad ai'os cRormo's calamities of its own.'
The j eopic see this.. They have a vivid per
cepi'it of it. They are ready ua their part
. for the du lies which it iinplits.
Ltt now ur atithurities, Stte and Coi-fedo-rat'i,
rise to the ievei of the rcat occasicn.
Trouhbius ijir.es are upon us. Great exi
gencies surr:ui,d us. We need, all our
stroGgtb, aau ail our wisdom. L"!t there, be a
cuu-: nee of alt our wise men. Let there be
a calm invest! tut? kn of our want, and a cat
alogue id our rcs jurc s. Then, by common
coa:ni, let al obijtacbsj to the employment
oS these resources, be removed. So long as
v. e have a n:aa or a dollar, atd tlie man or
dollar be nec-ird, itt the eali be iiomed. We
miy-t not rise. difficulties it u no time for
th
a;
Si.-aii we withho d our sons, and thus
vc.-trvo them as servants for the Yankees ?
Shall we set.d oursons, and deny our negroes 1
Shall vrs spend our blood and refuse, our
money? Shall we, withhold anything from
our country when we should be but saving
it lor our fo ? It is a disgrace to a garrison
to -purrei-der bf fore its ammunition is xhaiitjt
cd. It would be adding disgrace to our mis
ery if we were overcoioe without havin first
exhausted every resource of defence. It
- would be d'jtibly infamous to us, because
wrtli contributions ta oar defence equal to the
sp- Hations we should suffer if conquered, our
success woukl He assured. tvc should conse
out otbr. coofest at least vith that which
oftb? be worth ;ore than all the rest cur
" lib: rties zod our country. If we had thrown
c verboanl ihe carg:, we should thereby nave
saved the snip.
Lrt Govt rmnent determine what it reeds,
a:.i! wiat it c-n use; an.d if it be our lauds,
our Iim::.s-s, our u'-groes.our h-'-re,our money,
or cursel ves, it must have them. S'.rane that
we should ciir.g nist tenaciously to what is of
least moment 1 Strange that wc should give
(urs-Ivcs liud grudge cur property I Our
patriotism rriL-st la aside st.c!: uiiisbness. It
a u.-.t le ger.er'ous as v ell as bra7e.
Our auLhcrlti. s mus: do no-re : 1hey must
lake care, whatever-befall us. to 3;vve us from
theYai:kes. If adverse gales and devouring
tiiHos sht hl constrain our siorm-tust ship
ii.t sne port, let ic be no Yankee port. If
an unpropirious Providence should condemn
us to a master, let it not be a Yankee master.
Of all the-pt ople on tart?!, we should hare
"u.c-t fea , n to loathe ami t dread them. Any
' iunns vrlrh any other, would be preferab-e to
"-j g-- to them. This is the sentimeftt
of our people. Ti is is th:-ir couvicfion ; .ud
it is a wise coiiviction. Lt our rulers remem
ber it and heed it. Oar constitution was made
S3 th development ot our national life. It
ii ay not provide fcr all the various txjgenck s
cm' ir. Questions of state may arise in our
experience, as they have arisen in the cxpe
j ience of almost every other nation, when our
best welfare will require of onr rulers toe ex
ercise of a bold responsibility. The acquisition
of Louisiana in 1S03, was justified only as a
question of stite somethiug over asd above
tiieccnslitntion. - If in times of peace Btates
pcn have sometimes thus to throw themselves
upon the intelligence of their countrymen, nd
srek their advantage "by irregular methods,
su-h occasif-rts may well be presumed more
likely to arke during.a struggle for life with
a powerful, unscrupulous and ferocious enemy.
The clouds that Lave thickened over us ad
monish u of 'h possibility that the time may
noma when statesmanship, if it-caaaot deliver
us, must a least secure to s the utmost pa!
liaiioii vf our nasory ; if it cani.ot save us,
rn nut at least save us from the Yankees, We
la;dy pubiisi el from a thoughtful corrcspon
ient a ' suggestion," tl;at in the event of being
uynble to Uit!n our independecoe, we should
surrender it into the liarjds of those from whom
we wrested or purchased it ; iDto the hands of
' Britain, France and Spain, rather than yield
i't t : the Yiitikecs. From the favor with
whicb this suggestion has b-cen received, we
are sure that in the dread evt-ct which it con
tt mplates, our people would infinitely prefer
at ' alliance xitfe the European nations on
terms as favorable as they could desire, in
prefereiceto the dominion of the Yankees.
We wilt not dweil upon these topics now.
We speak of them not cut of gloomy forebod
ings, out simply as a man in health ppcaks of
- hi will What we ask now, in the came of
- the people, is that the Government strain every
' enerey and develop cv,ry resource for the-
public defence, Remember that to hold hick
anything is not to save it ! The only question
-"is. sr;al! tse have the u&s of it, nr shall our ene.r
-mifsf , Such a question leaves no room ,to
- h-itte. UnoasucheS.rta ari such devotion
J Ir-avtn will surely t;d 113 bies&ing." Bat if
mfvrtneo should stiii pursue us,, and ,-our
1 pes all fail, let us have the election of throw
ing ourselvt snto the bands of those who are
cold and indifferent, rather than to fall undf r
the yoke of malignant rr.etuits raiding the
wo!f-.owl for or.r blod.
We cordd not ha v avoided the Rtrnjjgln
into which ihe Nor th ba forced nn. Ling ago
Liscoln declared th repitblie coubi not ex
ist balf-slaveandalf-free. In various forms
the people of the North pjvwd the isue upon
us. Our enemies hedired n r. nnd. anfl. final
Iv drove us to the wall. The wurxe that can
happi to us in proecntin o:ir 'defeuce,
the best that they designed ir us i l the be
ginnir.p. and far better than they will accord
ua if they triumph in th: ir aims IVr.vider.ee
ha markes! uut our path,, and bnh led a;.d
nrsed.our 6te.s. Ii La be t to ts- the ir.evi
ta'blff path of du'y. If ia pursuit it we
tail, this were to fail as natio:m i.cvr failed
biforc i Providence will not mnVr u? to nf
tiow:i, it v.e sSiow a proper devotion, a proper
wisdom, and a proper courage. Let iUr wix
men plan, Ut ocr lirave men fight, ard M-.our
gcid men pray. G d will op.-n up a wy of
escape for ns, ar.r will disappoint our cue
riiies. Le,t tur faith fail not
Ofir afkirs have touch- d the extrersii of bad
majiageinent or cawelets rivers J, bevoud'
wvjictt tney cannot be allowed to go with siety
to the oausoor to the cheerful confidence and
patient endurance of our people. We believe
it to be the settled cenvniion of the think iug
and observant men of J.B8 country, that noth
ing i ut bungling has produced iho preset t
t'msilir'acfory eoodi i n of thius, 0 ir re
jwiircs have i ; no wis; fni'ed ; oiu tfip;i s
arealu da:it eo." tt jb. The sKi it Of the peo
ple, though a Ii tie depress -d, is really un
broken, and Mill rally again when a remedy
hts been tound and app ie-i toexis'ing evi s.
These eviU arc bikfly : 1. A want of a suSr
cient number of men in the army. 2. A de
plorable want of dis ipli;ie bi portions of i:,
and as a di ect cousrquence, dcerti n and
a Aente ism. - 3. A waut of mi itary concen
traiioa of fore; s and a lack ot indispet sable
unity of plan in tne direction and control of
the army. Those evils, m patent to viw
amojiifst us, have been dexterously turned to
thtiro'-n advantage by the enemy. But
thi-y are vrofully n.i3token ia flat tei i i g l hern -gelves
that they are thereby near the comple
tion of tk ir desbo.
A measure has been suggested in several
of the Ricbiftond journals which, If acrpted,
promises to put tkings on a much bef-er toot
ing, viz: The appintmert .f a General-ir.
Chief, who ehaU havo all the poweras wH as
be charged with all thn re?pon.siln;ity, of the
supreme cotmnaiid. Gncral Lee has been
designated f.-r this position'. Congress ceu'd
not do a better thing than create this ofHce,
and appoint Gery Lee fiil it. Supposing
this done, we would co;fi lcn ly expect o see
the ranks of the i rny filled with Men of
military age and of stccng power o; physical
endurance. Tncy are undoubtedly in the
countty. and only need a firm hand to bring
them into line. We wold cxnect to aoc the
boys and old men .restored to.tneir studi-.'s wid
appropriate jjtsrsuits. We shouid hear til mere
ol cr-.-ijs purpoaes br-tren suboTdiaa'.egRc
rals, Tio more impracticable wild-gt cse chasing,
and sidy skylarking. A wise plan of opera
tions would be immediately formed and
steadily carried out. "Eveiy element Lece
sary U 'Arc it success, would be discreetly,
justly and firmly used. The gnat reset ce Jo C4
wnicn we undoubtedly p. .-fc0ss, and can nso,
when the proper time arrive?, vrith treu-.end-ous
effect agakst our foes, would be called iuto
exercise according to the public--exigency.
Gen. Lee is jutthe man to entrust v:ih ihis
formidable power, and tu?eit for the dtliverv
cf his ci;uutry from the dangers which environ
it. Gulumbii Guard it n .
Raising IIos.
Editors Confederate : Thiiikirg that nuy
thing that would redound the interebt ol
our peple, in these times f troubie and
scarcity, should not be withheld, I have,
thought proper' to maka a fet suggestions
through the medium o;". your paper, ia regard
to au txpeditiocs way of raking Hogs, which
I itave learnt d from experiei c :
Take a a w the third day alter she pips
separate her from the' pig lor twelve or fifteen
hours, pui her with a maie hog, atd she will
undoubtedly pr.ve with pig. xiSo by this
management thev vviii britg a . litter once ii
three months tin.i twenty three days. With
this a'tcntion, akw wdl have three iitttrs in
eleven mouths ahl Line days ; while without
this attention, they will have but two; and it
is frequently the case only one litter ia twelve
months. So your readerj wiil dlsoovor, that
i stead of having twelve or fifietu broul sows
for, the purpose oi racing jx or eight thcua id
pounds of prk, o:e-tiiirl of that number is
amply sufficient, thereby gaiin; the feeding
of eight or teu sows, which is quite an item.
And before I conclude, I propose to give uiy
views injegard to the management of pigs.
In the first place, all tarrners should have a
lot or woodVpastare to put their sows in a
jew days pr viou3 to pigging. The sows
should be ted wet? 'until the pigs are old
enough to cat ; then the pigs should le fed
for five or six wefks with donh or soaked or
bftiledcom, s ihvj CHsnot mastkatr hartl corn
until two or thne months ohl. They .-bould
be led separate from larger hugs u:iril they arc
four or five months old ; then they will re
main in g'od condition cntil old rough to
fatten with ordinary treatment.
And permit me, Messrs. Editors, to say in
conclusion, tliat I think it behooves every
man to ftten sllthe pig he has, that can be
made to-weigh sixty jiounds by April. It
woul l swell the unt of pork ,iu North
Carolina miliums of ponnds, 'and save much
suffering, and that with but li'tk expense, as
cv ry honsekeeper can fatten a few from the
slops cf tae kitchen.- And as farmers have
got behind in the econxroy of raisiag hog3,
aod will be bound Jo fatten them yoiv g, it
would be well for all ef them to cross their
stock of hogs atd geta small btme breel that
will fattea at an early age. y L. B. il.
Pine wood, Halifax county, N. C.
The Old Isstjb. There is no dtubt that
b..th Houses of Congrew have passed a bill
fcxtetlding tho tioie'within which the old issce
niav be exciianf,ed for the : ?w under the act
of l7tli Ibriiary 18C4; until the 1st of Julf
1865. U-Hersrau ?te that there is no : ces
sitv for facri:;cinH ar,rt? theol.fissuc they
may happen to have on hntid.
The Atttrk on iloiBgloB Itiaidocld.
- To the tnexprt Ffiibie r-lief of everybody i
this ffcrtion'vf North Carolina, the grand
atmida hase'me. hiui been whiapefi, and hag
gone I TV here it lias jprre, or" whether it will
rnme acain. it i rot io oar sower to tell .
Iv.uh Jbr present deep thar klolnesi that it ii f
Frwrn what we btar, we think there if no
donVttbat WilrHugto.i wcnld bavr been in
gn at danger but for the provideotis! st..rui
tltat delayed tb ratior a .f the fleet for
tern! days alter it appeared .ff th coast
I he shameful infeCSckney . or inor acemnt,
i worse, l;f the. Danville raiload. m delay el
truMri: rorcemara. tlat if the Yankeas enulj. j
hav,.lauled promptly. their larjre army.miglit
have ere,e me thj- pnHl4 fore'e uodertotd to I
1 .t.v- b en at that momett in the ricit.ity. As
it wa. wUpii thev did ut la land they got in t
tb rear f Fort Fisher, iswlatc d that place frorh ... j
Wiltf.irgtoti. but in the mem time a sufficiency
ot gallant brys were, brought, o the p.t to J
enve them to wa again. - The thought'eiw
uioy set, down the opprlu gale n nreru
chance ; net so they who l elieyr lhaf " hot
cne sparrew fallcth" to tbe gTound" without
His nernit&icn.
The people of Wiliringtcn.if w may judge
frtim the papers of that place, r.ot only ap
preciate the gallantry of the mn and boys
wLo repulsed the enemy, but are deeply in:
prts.etl with 1 srnpe of the skill with which
the defences at ltt Fisher were planned and
executed by Gen. Whiting and Col. Lnrub,
are" with the.cool o-urage with which they
boih, within that fortificaticu, met the nsstault
of the nV st formidar le force yrt brought to
bear against any place. In ticue of q tier,
when the ei emy threatens lheirlives and their
borae , eorne of thnn may captiously complain
of the me .sure da mned necessary for the pub
lic safety; but they carnrt. a fiord in such
h time of darger as. tley bvejust paed
through,and escape.1 fiosa neos rp'unce ol the
skill and bravery of those commanders, to ut
ter wight but prnibe. .Some of the harsh
feeling vf the Legislaturctoo, might possibly
have been aaoderated if this atUcr upen WU-
ir.it gtcn had fccnrrcd before instead after the
late session. Perbaj that body might ever
have echoed the emphatic declaration of Ocn
Biasi, that
"Maj. Gen. Whiting com a. a no it) g the de
fences a, tho mouth ef the rivnr, C:l "Lamb
c mmandiRS, ud the officers and tr.CN voi
poring the garrsntt, deserve sspecial comrnen-rfation-fvr
the gallantry, tfticieccy ai d furii
tiide displayed under vfy trying circum
stance's. '
Fr our.elverr the waa who labors a;d ex
poses himself for' 'he Jcft, ee of any part of
the Confederacy, and especially for any part
of Ni.rth Carolina, ai d most especially when
his lab-rs are croevbed with the abandon enc
cess which blessed those in qiifxtica si all
always have honor. an?i be greeted with the
"well dyne" so richly deserved by, ability and
ekiil atd n "eel fish derotirn fay. Obwtver.
Supri mk Court. Opinious delivered in
the foliowi n cases :
Ity Px arson, C. J. Io Harris Hearn,
frotn Stanly, judgment affirmed. Id State v.
iiedlin, from Mecklenburg, error, venire do
novo . In Worth v. C-oramissionersof Fayette
vi'le, from Cr.mbstlai d, dismissing the bill.
Iu Picket v. fcoutbcrlar.d, all the children, ex
cept M.J . take a share. In M Wlnto'acase
(i -:b'.r- Corp"?!,) rfmai.drti.
J'-y Battlk. J. In H'x v. Fkher, froai
Haw od, appeal dimi " ut appr-llai ts
custji. In Ha.-ti:.. v. Erp,. frow Wake, in
equity, declaring the rit rf parties. In
Smith v. Back of Wadbort, in equity, ffm
Iiichtnond, ctc.rie t" be for plaintifl.. Ami in
the following onllabrns Orpiia: Hridvinntr's
cr.:t )-titioT er rematidrd. Sit cintr's case.
peitionerreir.ar del. Phi!p it's case, petition
er r-m auded. -
ByMAKhT, J. In Tliby v. Bach an art,
from Ansop, jailguient aftirwd. u Sale v.
Cockman fiom Mo'ire. no error. In Scott v.
Fite, in qnity, trotn Gaston, declaring rights -v
..f parties. An.bin tha f jl'.owisg a IUbeaa
Corpus: M. (t .iP'n's ease, "rentkerrr d's
chargdl. If'i.weirs cise, petiiiH:cr rennicl
d W. R. Clark's ca?e. pi'titiooer rem-ndid
H H. Smith's eas-, pptidoneir remanded.
Uim hurch's ca', etitier discharged.
The Wilmington Journal says :
Uw)ti the whole, we think it is ritaer dan
ger us to fof tn our opinions of men rtpoa
none hearsay, or t-i all ;W onrielv t. be
guided by clamor got p,'iatx) m4 y ca.ses
?rr pt'.'M.naLetuls. -
General Bragg is an instance in point.
He is ab ts the hept .'bused man iu the coun
try, -r ratberhe has been. lor we think the
. cl i.-.o-'r ag".int him is pretty mueh at ai er.d,
anl yet ibis mueh abul man U a brave
so'dier, a ptite patrior, at d a skillfol geueraJ,
'ktid withal a gentleman of aifable -Runners,
ready to give any formation Calulated to
allay public excitement, or direct, publia ac
ti':i. Our public men have a sufficiently hrd
road .to travel, and the information of clique
or cabals a
gainst them U x unkind at it it
ur.ust. Wc remrnjb-r
th Fiiwr t s. mo
Virginia paprrs
when Gn. Tlru w as se nt
M this pon.t, and yet wnn foeattar.it cam.
Gen. Br.tgg h id secured, nd bis coniict md
learing justified the e n fideuco of the whule
Cffmmuidty. His dispositions were no dtniht
of ihe beit characttr to meet any fnrthor
movements of the enemy. lietua suatain our
public men when ! we tiooestly can let Jus
t;ive oredit where crrtht is due.. Their tsk
uniJer any circiuiistaiiCt-s is hard enough.
The G org as Minit.gand M-innfacturing
Onipany has be n orjgaaixl by the appoint
ment of tne foil .wing IBcsm : Col. " J. M .
Heck) Pretideat ;- Wm. L. Brodie, General
Surperintcndat.t ; H. H. Butler, local-Sner-iutendaat
;and P. T. Norwood, Treasurer.
. The well known enterprise and thoroab ao
qnaintance with the business of mining and
manufacturing cf anetals, and the imaaeose
deptotiits cf ores in the lands of the Cjrnpaa v
-give assuratefc uf tuocess ia tbe'inioorta&t
undfrtakinjjbey have ecgael ia. The sub
scribed capital uJtk cf. tbe Company is odc
nidb n d'llars. Tne place of operation,
Grgs," Ha; the pic- formerly known as.
" Nathl. Cegg's mitbt", on Deep river,' four miles
above Ljckrilld.
For tha CoafederaU.
iesns. f i'Vic-It i not th custom
of tb writer of iki, to dabUa io the politi.
cal Uues which ar now beinf discacd
Hit courte ha Wa ratbar to ataod alcof and
watcb with pm little uaxaty tba ooarsa thinga
h .vt taken; and ia sa far m ka haa bad tha
piwtr, U iLluecca bta couolrynea and oom-
ralca t.i a ooaervaibi and hotaeaty, political
m well as general, and to a hearty eupportol
the pvirnment and thoaa meaMtiea which
ii tend ti tho tttabiiafcmeat of an tiide.
per.deace aad neparaie natieual f xtiteoce.
nut hila he ci4ikea to enter Ue area of
disouihia, hi can Let withho'd an expire
ua of mirptkat the Dicduct ttlcantia class s
ef a.lioal d. magague ia tbe Sute. He
cnui-t give way to a fee!ing of nodet4y i d
a du,vi-t(ion to'iroiciio-i wnaa aoch parikn,
,ich mHfenb'e an dsgTtvfj: trsslt aa iba
which app--am ac mronutsatioa frobi U."
a mc orn-c pvndeut f th K deigh Oo$erwatic,
ph!ihed. aa wa the. case a (ew daa ago.
u . r tbe caption of4 o your ten'a O Israel."
hyshou J the Secession ists be arraigned
f r their coarse m bringing a boot this war ?
WhyshouM tlvjt ti ble tard saIio appreciaUd
the mecness atd rrracutry, tbe taacality and
ti e. ur.wtfihi .cs of the Ysukeo, uatian, and
who preferred a separation 1rom them, their
contiol and their itdquitaa goverornent, to a
coutinuauce with litem oen with every guar
.v.teeof n n liter 'eretco.Mnd every promise or
sicuritv, vhi-4i like gihkd pilli were oiftred
us bait to the Statesol the South why should
ttey bo beta op to execration tor their manly
course ? W hat reason have their persccutou
fr-1 heir unfair and bitter denunciations
Si.nply thialhw inferior is eyor ready tode
f.iuie the kaperinr the coward is Beyer nn
v.illing to detract from the good name ol tbe
brave man the submission wt oaonct forget
how mean was hU course whicb prefened enso
and cwpitort, safety and security, and a coi
tinuMnco tl those benefits arising from a co'i
ditiou'of peace, to a c .ivalrous disreganl ef
these tor' the inestimable blessings of freedom,
heu it u compared with that ef tbe nobe.
pat iots who preferred to lose all three itnmt -r
iiics from danger, hardship and privation,
r.ul.er than see the binbrights which they lc
nerbed from ancestor whose names are'yet.e-
ated as pMtiiotsand statesmen even unto this
iay. saetiticed for a base love of case, nod the
oke of S ibjugition and disgraoo impose! on
Dnt tha bad aevfr kooatt what it was to
brt.ok1te coutJ,4 of a tsrar.t whether tUat
tyract was .ne mac, or a number of f ntikhl
ectirtiial masters. -
These ubmissronist and in tho opkii of
t.le tvri'nr of this, most of those who wer
ml missionists then re traitors or i-rokers
now tbty rflct on their course ihy look
d wn into the obsenre vista of Ihe future
t -y sec that our country isdetit ed lo arbieve
vs Ircr'tom, and t enter on acsrerr id'huci,
tiueh as was neve, .vouchsafed to any other
.alion that baa been known to the history f
t.e vterld ; aud ihey hope by detractions aul
crslotiS against the honor of their t-ppo-uck,
tu wipe out the foul stain that rents on
their own ocuU keons, because of their tamo
wiiliae-esd'to submit In tbe beg isniog to the
aggnasr.
They wdl claim that this is not the case
They will sy that ihey were not willing to
ecede because ef Lincoln's election, bm that
auer he issued his proclamation, thy t'O
In g'-r hesitated to oppose Wm and to fo.cr
reparation from his rule, Why then, in tho
i i'i.p of senie, d they still keep up the cry
sgait.st fecebsiou ? Why do they lorco
urk of lifiinciu to be drawn 1 ht they
iot le.rn from the atrocities and erinrw. th
unai'Vcifl anl heartrvndioi; and uucitilir.'W
atfare of our coemios, that it is much better
'ol separated from thcai t Do they nor.
now that but for the secession of tloGt)lf
States and the little tqaad of seeettsiwnisUi who
put the hall i f iod-pendence in motion it,
thi Stte, that they would have been otidr
Yar.kec dominion now? Or do they regret
!hat we have separated from them, and do
hy long with eagerness' for a return to tho
flesh prt-i of Egypt T -
! they -ero in favor of Frcessfun afler the
poclarr..tin of L'Reoln, thty are in the same
boat wi.h trriginal secessionists--tdy thoy
ere fftroed there, while these occupied their
eTs willingly ad without repining If
tl.fT Kcifl in farer of accession tho, what
e.st!tutcs the ditferonce? There is nodiffer
et co, mly that the one class was protfpf.fd
by chivalry to iu position the ether ra
forced - into its iosiiioa by necessity. But
4ftvr thfy agreed wbeu the State of North
Hiroliua pased iu ordnance without one dis
sen'.wjg voto, the tiMigaiioa cn each to serve
h rqul. and 'neither 'U-s had any right to
stay away frm the fiM w hero the battles of
Independence are !nht. Unfrtunately there
re many of both claws at borne, but of those
who are in eivil life or occupy shads pU
ions, a large majority art of that clasri which
i p-e5 d seeetti.fB. Take the North C4xelina
I iate government for instance how many
vessiouist are shielded there 7 Take the
Pres b'W many asle bodied secesstiolts
re there ? t ake any position which'exempts
men from military dutt,.. ( and .the militia
shields more than anythiug else) and bin
tenths of the meo thus employed were omco
tubbed submissionkts. Go to the field you
Cnd many of ihiclat there all honor to
ihe,; but do pot fail to give ciedit where it
belong ervn if it is to a
SECESSIONIST.
Wcbd r SoLaiias. A' promlseuoni
army withtmr material for war have raocees
fully resisted the myrmidon of the North four
eats. The vet rant in. the -field, the boy
c iming in, ith the acquired war material on
bant,ctfmpee a far mure ' formidable force
than we had'st tbe eoffiiuencet&MK of the war.
The tithed Y-Dkco ntin, with their greeri
backs, (now trr'-aero and jelkiw leaf,1'.) must
aeon tgoite '...
Their recondite President, io his f lata wee-,
age, ways we most top the war, now let Qi
)rove hiasaymg by using properly tbe means
In oar possession. Substantiate hiswy. that
oe nation tru to tbemseryrs aver failed In
1 iheirftrugglf'i' liberty -
Wo have only to hue "and resources, show
I strady front and will; and t he prize is ours, and
I what priae Was. eve .velua) lb id not
' ccat VacriCiei wotk-ajil tabor to secure it.
Hang hbpe on this tne. ard we will he' fro
aUalfillnmioato
yotir guns.
HISTORY.