THE CONFEDERATE.
.
WEBNESDil, FEBlilARY 8, tSC.l.
After fcur years of ble-.ly watfate, cor.
eluded I y LincoVs adctiri-'raiion, with tin-
paralleled vioh noe ar.d in falle liuUlity
during the wro-le o which time, net only Lia
Cf ln iimself, but all atd every part of his
!.. rnrntr.t, a:. J the popular voice of the
United States. Lave declared, that no terms
v ere po.ib'.c between themselves and rebels
with arms in thMf bands; that no preposi
tions from them for pa?e could be entertained ;
nd that ro coir iis.ioRers, either formal or
informal, could b sun-ilfed witLin their lines,
even for the purpose cf dsc'issingthe respec
tive claims cf the parties to this tenibie strug
g'c in which we are engaged. After repeated
refusals upon their part, to receive commis
sioners, already appointed, even with 3 view
to the mitigations of the horrors of the war,
and ice iterated and reiterated statement,
upon all occ;::o'!', tbu we muit lsy down
our arms, admit cr.r ei'n e, surrender out
leader., and c tie for mrrcy, before . we
couldcverbe hirJ. An. unexpected event,
to us, hts occurred, t lie very moment, when
to many we seem to ha in the darkest hour
of our trial, ai d there is more d spuntlcney
among our p-pl?, th in per-iars ever existed
at any oilier time.
"Lir.c -!n, upon hh own moti-n, without
bein appreached or invi:e-j by "itr grycrn
ment, so far a3 we know, Ita sent an agent to
Richmond, who re-turn d t his principal, and
hai aga'u Ken sent by bira tn President Pavi.
Artcr ( xtelcd ir.tervVs between Mr. Rlair
and ti e Presirl-nt, thre men of proved states
m in$l;ip, of r.r.qu: .,t'MTd ability, command
ing in an eminent decree the popular confi
eler.c", Lsvc L?.?n cc?)r.V5?"ried to g to
"WasliirrjN'.n, aod htve K-en actually reecivr-d
by (if n. (irant w iti in hi lints, whose mls-
sion abre?! ! is pul-lly ur.de-rs'o d to embrace,
instructions to sonfer'with thr? Yank govern
ment cor.c-rnins the j o ib!e t-rr.13 cf peac-?.
So far as the re'eetion of tfent?. to cor.duct
this matter is concerned, t'.e President could
not possibly hav ac'ed with greiter prudence
and foresight ard moJ-rioa than he has
dcre. In the selection of Hon. R. M. T. Haa
tcr of Virjrnia,-Judge Cmpbtll of Alabama,
end Vice-Pi'sident Stephens of Georgia; he -appears
net only to have relied upon their
emmirjent personal fitvrs for t:c proposed
duty, but to have retired to conciliate all
men of all wavs of' thirkir.j; in this Confede
racy, ani to give evc-iv shrda cf opinion an
opportunity of being r e I'd at Washington,
ilr. Hunter representlrjr the careful forbear
ing hut unalterably de'ermined c-a?? of states
man, that lave had so powerfnl an influence
in moulding the unconquerable detern-ication
of the people cf Virdrra. t receive indepen
denceand ci) less, as the result uf this strug
gle while Jude Campbell, represents the
more ry and impulsive elas of men whe are
to he found piincip-.llr 11 the Gulf S a'e
and in Sonth Carolina and Vie?-President
Stephens w ho has been the espciU favorite,
for some t nve pest, of tho.-e men, who are so
verv cliM'-r' os. for rfior's to bs made, to ac
complish jrcir.f v;rt of a e ce.
Now when a nation at war with us, so sud
denly and tr;exre:ie l!v a-d' ci-.mi.lofelv
chanjres is p.di-v towirs us. without ahv J
v i
certain assignable cr.u?v, that' is within our4
t-,-..-i... : 1 u . . . . 1
nmn.,., iL ici.i'oos us :is prudent anu ra
tri-tic men, not only to rr'a-!Z3 th fact, that
they have c hinged it, but to go behind this
fact, and see, if we cannot discover the prob
able causes, w l jch in J;v;cd this change, aad
the motives hy which thy are realty aetu nted,
in order that we miy have siikp cafe rule to
guide .u.3 in the conduct if cur negotiations
w.th them.
iTcn sonv-ti:vrs deceive themselvs by be
lieving their neighb-rs worse to rn they really
fire, and looting bcy-ord n apparent cause
and motive of action for some t-inistcr one;
but surely s-iiould bc the most, charitable
r.r.d crcduv v.s f mn. it, with our experience
cf Yankee ta.:re and Yar k-?? st-.tes:nanshtp,
wcfhou'd attribute thtir pic-sent action to. any
very eer.erors iiiipuh-tT or tor d-rnefs for hu
man li eiihyr that of our own citiif us, or
of thehuo an ff il v ith which they sre at
present rrcruitirjj their own armies. We
canrot believ. that having, they now con
eive. a decided alvant e of i:s in the field,
th-y have come to the cnelnsnn, tnat they
est afford to make cncion and yhdd to
demands, with, ut any serih- rf their na
ticr.al dir ity. which were irap.sih!e at an
ear ier ryrial of the war. Rr .generosity
and h-mr. and trutl and jctic, are xvhat
the Yarkees individually and collectively
style hare' abstractions, and lauah to scorn
the fooil'h nttions who are guided in their
action by such s?jadovy qualities, themselves
legating as the true entities. go?d and silver,
and meat, ard drink, and ihoee things that
can be lelt and handled, and 'seen, and enjoy-,
ed, and whereby a man wiy profit himself
withal.
e
The true causes f, r their change of con
duct seem to be, a beiief whether well or ill
founded ;t is impe liable to s.t hut there is
8Tie evidence to su-tun it that Prince, or
England, or probably b tb, realizing the im
portanci t them of a continued division of
the N. rthernand the Sruthern S ates into
two ratici.aliius, and finding a sufiicieDt ex
cuse for a change of their policy, in the fact ;
thaWhe States which compose the Confeder
acy, were formally and "officially excluded ly
an act of his Congress approved by Lincoln
himselr, ftom participating in the election of
a President cf the Unifed Mate; at the last
election ; and that such States, so exclndcd,
have formed a government ofthcirown, whxh
has had at least a de facto exist . u-e for four
Jars, and have chesen their own President,
hae , det rmincd after the 4 h of rext
M.ircbto rec?gnizo Lincola as Prfd:dent,
only ef tl e Stales that were permitted to take
part in his t lection ; and ttf recognit tho in
dependaoceoftbeefe facto GcTemment preei
d dovcr.by JtfIerson;Davi3asaGotcrnmer:teZ
jure. 'The Lincoln Government, has proba
bly had an intirrat:on, that with so moth
direct interest, in the result of thU conflict, as
Franco and England have, ih3 be-itation be
tween recognition and direct iaterYenti-n
will not be very long. Experience too has
tiught the Yankees at methir.g. They have
learned, that white it.ia possible for them,
tu m time to time, to overrun portions of the
Confederacy, they cannot hold them, without
maintaining in their tew possessions armies
cf a fabulous siae, bat. are compelled to lift
their hand in one section, in order to succeed
in another. And the material cut cf which
to matarnoies, is, strauge to say, scarce with
theia. Their armies for two years were com
posed of volunteers, tot as the figbt thickened,
they found all attempts to make a draft upon
their general population miscarried, and have
produced for soldiers, only hirelings, bounty
men, and substitutes,-the very cflal of human
ity. All effort at conscription in the United
States, will continue, to result in the same
'way, so long as they produce any men at all ;
but the Yaukee tricks by which suck soldiers
h ve been bronght into the field have been
discovered, and the supply is already begia
nicg to fail : so that it is doubtful if they can
continue to keep their armies already in the
field at their present strength.
In addition to this they conceive from what
they have seen in Georgii,' and from certain
movetr.ents of politicians in that State a?.d
Nftrth Cajolina, for the purpose ot calling
S-ate Conventions, and from a temporary des
pondency upon the prt of some of our peo-p!-?,
reported no doubt by deserters from us
t'r at :lii is a favorable rnoruot to apprgach
u to obtain a reconss ruction of the old Union
upon terms that will be satisfactory to them.
And withal, they congratulate themselves,
wih the belief, that their approaching us,
a ter a St -ies 01 succe.-s3S on thdr part, will to
the outside woild, have an appearance of
u jignanimity and generosity, towards brave
brt mistaken men, with which tboy hoje to
c v r up their true motives, of fear cf foreign
intervention, and a conviction, that is fast- ob
tain! tg ground among their etatecuen and
t! i-.ki; g men, that the conquest of the South
is an impossibility. ".
Cm it te postible that the advoeits of the
ci! of a convention in this ttite, do not see,
that if their e fforts are continued in this direc
tion, tl ey are direc:ly migrating agiast a
poace ; or at least are doing all that is in
tLe'r power to encourage the Yankee gov
ernrr.ent to demand such terms as we cannot
possibly grant? Heretofore, mat y men who
insisted up'n aState Convention; have put
ifs necessity upon the ground, that President
Davis d'd not desire peace, and would not
take steps for a conference, even if it was
within his p .wer. The loic of events has
demonstrated that in this opinion they were
mistaken. This ground for - a Convention is
removed, f.r the Prei-idc-ut has not only sent
commissioners to endeavor to negotiate a
peace, but amontbem he has sent Vice Pies-.ih.-nt
Stephens, the very man. we presume,
of 'all others who will bs acceptable to the ur-
srnt Peace-nartv. Everv eftart now made
c r j -j
f r a Convention ia Korth Carolina has a ten-
dr cev to weaken the .hat ds of otir cemmis-
si ner.-, and' to increase the demands of the
YoLkee Government. It discourages the in
tervention of foreign liations, of which the
Y inkers reem bo much afraid ; it encourages
enlistment in their armies, and has a te ndency
to deu-.oralize and weaken our owd. May we
not hope then frooa the patriotism of all our
pceiple, for a lull in such efforts, at least for
ti e present, that our peace conmiiisiocers
.already at Washington city, may have a fair
opportunity to make an honest effort to end
ti is desolatiug war?
Commissionrrs to Richmond.
Messrs. Pool, Carter, Person and Hall ap
peared in' Richmond while we were there,
a. Commissioners sent by the Legislature o f
this State for the purposes of conference, &g.
I? was very gratifying to us to mark the hos
pitable and distinguished consideration shown
to the State, through her Legislative Repre
sentatives. The gentlemen were admitted to
an immediate and protracted interview with
President Davis, who, notwithstanding that
he was suffering from a very severe attack
o: neuralgia, at euce accoi ded a reception to
our delcguion.- "The matters of conference
w.ra, wo presume, confidential, but we are
ei.abled to say, that the President was frank,
unreserved and confiding; that he presented
to the Commissioners a full -history of his
p !icy as connected witb peace negotiations,
a: d tint, the interview resulted areebly and
u 'fully. Aftr passing from the audience
with President Davis, the delegation were
presented to the ladies cf the Mansion and
were entertained with refreshing hospitalities.
The Legislature of Virginia, in both Houses,
ex-ended to the Commissioners of North
Carolina, privileged seats upon the floor of
their respective bodies, and the Governor of
the Commonwealth entertained them at break
fast. Important C3nferenees, we understand,
took place between the delegation ani our
Congressional representation, all of which, we
presum- will be before the public by the re
port cf the gentlemen themselves.
Or e thing we are sure was prominent with
all men : that n SlaU should dtsert Tier sis
ters, or enter upon the mad project of- sepa
ra'e State ac'ion. We wait the report of our
(X aimissiotiers with satisfaction, because from
what we observed, we feel assured, that their
virdt to Richmond and their conferences there,
were rat:ficig (o 11 engaged ; and we have
gr. wt cojifi ieLce that good -will result from
this actioa Of the Legislature.
I ' For the Confederate,
I Mr i&ffor -"VTfll you . allow a soldier.
WHO Ouo uuii mcuiiv uiuo fii 1 ia uwt'n
from the. armyt to siy a few words in your
Journal, to your readers ?
To my surprise and, mortiScation, I find
the question of reconstruction, not only dis
cussed, 1 tit even advocated by many , peTsons
in our midit, 'and, I also notice that two
newspapers, published in the city of Rait igh,
favor euchodishonorable measure. Ifindthac
it is the sa'n-e men thes?me men lewspiptra,
favoting this base st( p, who have all along
opposed the administration, ti e, acts ol vQ
grcss, and otjier measures for the successful
prosecution of the war. Previously, when
charged with disloyalty, and a desira for the
downfall of "the Confederate cause, they have
given an indignant denial, in the most em
phatic ternis ; and would tell us. that no
truer Confederates, nor more loyal men, could
be found. I wa thea charitable enough to
believe them. "But, their present course will
not admit of any such professions. It proves
that their former professions were fal9e, and
1 t' i . it.:. J U Jlir, tixA&rckPXi
lays i ' j iiicir -iiaireu uic vvu"-."".'
which has, from the beginning, animated
thin in their opposition to every measure cal
culated t f4reng'hea oar c use. I'hey have
actd insideously ; and have, no doubt done
as to ccbt or more, to create the gloMn and
desoondency now prevailing at home, thau
all the tuccets s ol the Federal arms, during
he past ye.r. .
' These men and newspapers have been the
mcst toisy in uemanding negotiations to be
ententl mto with the enemy, Thy have
tirrtA and aaain asserted, and assured the peo
ple that pchce'and independence could thereby
f ... I 1 A f lncf- aftoi rt?-
re piomo ei ana guiutu, an .
asttrs, which tht-y assert, are serious, to our
arms, hve occurred, and despondency, which
they have assisted to make, clouds the minds
of our people, and while our en my is joyfully
proclsln.iug that our subjogasion is near at
hand they have attained, their professedly
cherished object, and negotiation with the
enemy has been initiated.
Not withstand! nsthe prevalent opinion,
based sim ply on & pe, that this negotiation
w ill result in peace and if dependen e, I have
little or t o confidence in :t, especially at this
inauspicious menkent. But r.og tiaiinos have
beeu ioiliated, and can do n barm : and it
would sni reasonable i.-ow to think that these
politicians and presses; who t?o -aiouly de
manded it, would be satuiicd, at. d would
quietly await the issue. Are they so 1
Feeling sore themselves tt.at no go..d to
our cause wiilaccfue, notwithstSnding their
aftirmatiori, and knowing that that un ne
go'iatioQ is spiktd, they have opened anoth
er reconstruction upon the devoted C-n.ed-racy.
If these presses, Mr Editor, anil their
croaking and disloyal freinds, did not exert
an influence, there would be no harm dona
Tffey, -personally, have never promoted tne
Confederate canse in any way, and their cow
atelice and eraveness of soul would ever pre
vent them from becoming foes to be dreaded
or bared, individually. -But the. desire for
ptuce is universal, and there are no true men
to be found who would not to do everything
honorable to promote it, and I fear that on
this account, many will be lead ustrny by tbe
fallacious argonv n a of these disloyal presses
and individuah. To all such to all who de
tire the independence of tbe Confederate States
and to all who ardently desire p ace, I would
say. ponder well bef re you give assent to ar)y
such, proposition.
.Yould reconstruction give us peace ? No,
never I Instead thereof, it would protract the
war a geueiation, and bloodshed, and real
civil war would deluge the land for thirty
years to come. There are thcusands, like
myself in tbe crmy, wKo never intend to
give up this struggle tor independence until lifo
ceases. It demoralization prevails at home,
eur caube is betrayed, and our armies dis
banded: we will hie to the mountaios and
thickets, aid make predatory war until for
eign wars, &Ld the aid it will bring us. will
enable us to cope with our foes in Ihe field.
True, it will be a. war of "no quarter,." but it
is better far to perish than be a political ref
ugee, or live the life of a slave. A freeman
asVul with adrep of manhood in it could
not live and fraternize with a subjugated pco.
pie, or bear the taunts and, jeers ol their
masters. . ,
Ii is hard to believe it possible that any one
is in . earnest in advocating recorstrucion ;
aud I do not believe any respectable body of
our peeiple will countenance or favor any such
movement. It is reasonable to suppose that
those living amongst us whose hearts have
always been ggaiiis us, will be the first to
advocate such a step. It would be only ful
filling their most ardent desires, 90 long hid
den under an assumed loyalty to the Confed
erate cause. The craven and cowardly in
heart and sou! those who have made so
its. alwavs to be found in every nation born
and deserve to be siaves may demand re- i
construction. " But, the earnest, true Confed-
erate, whose every energy has been devoted
to the cause since tbe begin nirg ot tue,w ar, ami
who set ou,'wieb determination, will never,
never agree to any siich dishonorable terms.
They prefer rubjugation annihilation iu
presence to reconstruction.
WTould these men have dared propose such
a measure in tjje first year of tbe war ? No.
An indignant people, jutly- incensed, would
have driven them from heland they dishonor,
or hnng their vile carcase to the gaUows they
merit: If such would have been their fate
then, how much more just wonld be such
pnrishmeot now in propoin";uch a measure
after war's ravage 8 ha e de, !ated so many
bonus and so n any ha' e 1 erh d by ihe sword
Let the people bear m riiid the results
which would flow from rec- nrU-ii ti'-n : A
brotherho'od with the murci.. rors of their
sons, nud desolatorsof their huine?; a surren
der of our natirnatlity, and an acquiescence
j,u4..uuuS..,e..u,r(av,..lu. u'B,utu
ana ruled by he yankce; a shameless deser-
uou o. our ruiere, auu niiinay
have periled all. ami labored zeabusly, in
lent and council chamber for our benefit to
become refugees in stranger lands, political
prisoners, or victims to death by Federal
; band. ; to give up our greatness na a nation,
j and the nme won on so m iiiv bloody fielrls,
by heroes whose bones lay b.eeching ou bard-
fought fields; to consent to the degradation of
mxtt hrnVA nnd . Vcrnir Ciilrliorw wVi havo
toiled siOegled, Tooght and bled for your
beuerit: to abandon our slorioas battle flc
that has waved proudly and victoriously over
so m my flds, and beneath who.-e folds your
children have rus-hed ta victory and death; to
desert the mangled herees tlat now sleep in
soldier graves, and allow their names to be
handed down in history as outlaws and rebels
in an unj-ist cause - to c-mseot to the perver
sion of history, and let the justice ?nd right
eousness of our cause be 6tained with the dves
of guilt and wrongr; to abandon all let the j
pa6t go for naught -and make ejus cause, the I
.. r : . . .l? ' 1
wuttui uui riiunca iu, uw, mis can Dever
be. The victimcd dead cry from their graves
many successful shifts to shirk mihfary du;y J
may perhaps echo ti c cherished wish of J
the dis'ovjl : and. with the few seniles spir l
against it. . The anguish of. the widow and
the wsil of the orphan cry aloud Against it.
And tno wronged "and ouiras:r& soldiery
swear, nt the bayonet point anel at the can
nou'j lncutb, it shall never be I
WILSON.
The war Sews.
FROM THE GEORGIA FRONT. " .
" "We. clip tha following from the Augusta -
Constitutionalist of the 3rd instant': - -
Charleston. February 2 A elespatch
from Brax'on Bridge, 7.40 oVla :k lat . niuht.
pays the enem3' advauced to-day cr ss Whip
py Swamp, driving in our cavalry on our letc
six miles of this pface-rsup ose to be in
heavy force. There is a column ot cavalry
Q the Augusta : road, rncrving rapd!y for
s jme unknown p int.
"' LATER. ' ..
At 1 o'clock, P. M . yesterday, the enemy
had possession of McBride's Bridge nd f-kir--roishifg
was goinj on in front of Braxton's
Bridge. The enemy is certaiuly moving pa
Branchiille.
A dispatch fre m Adams Run nay the ene;
my can:e up in two barges to Young's I si and
yesterday noon and drove in our pickets.
They fired several buildings and retired. This
morning three steamers wre off Wuite Poiwt
aud linding is threatt-neer. .
' FROM WILMINGTOX.
From the Journal of the 4ih we have the
folLwiiig kern :
Fbom Below. Some heavy firing was
heard here yester ay a tfrnoon, and various
sutadscs were indulged as to whence the re
ports proceeeled.
On et q dry we learn that they proceeded
from two gunboats eheliiog Fort Anderson.
We further learn that no damage wa dona to
the Fort and that no casualue s occutn d among
our men. Some reports iy that one MoniUr
took part, but of this ve have no cortain in
formation. The shelling to k place about
four oclock. We think some thirty to forty
very heavy" reports were heard jarring the
windows in town very perceptibly. We have
heard of no other movements below.
P. S. We have since heard that there were
six of our men wounded, two of them serious
ly. There wore two monitors in tho river,
but neither came near enough to- participate.
The fort replied and put a shot through one
of the gunboats, compelling her to haul off.
From the South-AVftt.
MOBILE THREATENED AGAIN.
The Teport that a large number of Federal
transports had passed down the Mississippi,
and that au expedition of 15.000 strong was
fitting out in New Orleans, to be landed at Pas-
cagoula, excites tome litte apprehension in
Mobile. Tbe "Tribune" of that city says ;
"Mobile, of course, is their expected destina
tion. We Lave reason to believe that there is
some truth in thie report, for we have been
toid by several of the returned Fort Gainer
prisoners that the Yankees, just before they
left New Orleaus and Ship Island, declared
that Mobile was a doomtd city, and that thy
intended to take it shortly; so probabry they
are preparing to carry thrir threats into execu
tion. Be that as it may, e,ur authorities and
citizens must be ready to meet that 'blind' fif
teen thousand, and as many mere, if they have
got them to bring over. L t everybody ba
wide awake and s.'oer, and we think co ftars"
will be entertained for the result."
The Register says :
"The Yankee blockading fleet on Dog
river bar rolis Laily at anchor, aud son climes
an -occasional vessel prowls near the bay
shore, which is about 11 that is doing in the
bayjust now.
The reported expedition from Pacagoula
produces a little Weakness irom some;. .who
have never et been strong, otherwise it is
regarded with no uneasiness. We might as
well fight here as anywhere else, and if wo
are only t' encounter 15.000, we dou't see
why the Yankees should t ot be whipped here
as well as at any other place."' ft
FROM THE ARMY OF TENNESSEE.
Late and reliable information trim the
Army of Tennessee is to the effect that a large
number of the mtu who struggled, from the
army, in its retreat,, are making their way
back to their commands. An officer of high
rank, wh i came out cf Tennes-ee recent y,
sivt- that on all sides or the line of march ht
could hear of stragglers who were preparing
clothing, shors, etc., for the winter campaign,
and.that but few, if any of them, who had
ever belonged to the army," had any idea of
remaining in the Yankee lines. Fifty joined
him ou his way out, and all along the road he"
could hear of numbers who were about to
move toaids the army.
From "Virginia.
LATEST OFFICIAL NEWS.
The War Department has nothing decisive
respecting Sherman's movement. It is
thought at a part 0 his force may attem.
1 to cross the Saltketchi, seven miits above
"N. rohd bridge." The fourteenih corps is
still crossing at bister s Ferry.
- THi MAS' MOVEMENTS.
A gentleman who has recently bee in the
vicinity of the lines of the Potomacsays he
was told there was a prevalent rumor ia
Washington that a large number of Thorn s
tro ps are on th- ir way to Grant ; and that the
newspapers were strictly enjointel to make no
allusion whatever to the movement.
IfECONNOIasANCE OF THE ENEMY TOWARDS
FREDERICKSBURG.
We have the particulars of a recent recon
nnissance by the enemy in tho direction of
Fredericksburg. On Saturday last a column
of one thousand Yankee cavalry moved to
wards Dumfries, professing ah ng the route
their intention to proceed as tar as Fredericks
burg. An advance guard of four hundred oc
cupied Dumfries, the other portion of the force
rpm jinl n r
with their wagon trams at Wolf
Ban shoals. Nothing is further-knowirof
, (hek moVjMMpt9f bul the repi,rt vf B courieT
Fairfax Courf House, who came into
j Fredericksburg on Snndar nnd K,ated tha.
! - n j ? . - w -"
; the expedition had retired in the direct-on of
tb"e former place. . The Yankees did r o dam
age besides pillaging the farm-houses ou their
way.
"COMMISSIONERS."
Colonel Hatch, who, it was understood, was
to acc mp.my tbe so-called "commissioners"
X? Washingtwn, returned yes erday to this
.J' "Ul "ul WUAl l'"4- ara wr:p ne
the comm:ssioners could not be learned.
JZzaminer.
Spring Circuit. .
Arrangement of the Superior Courts by the
Jut for the 8pring Circuit: - :
IwtTircuit, Judge Read. Edenton. .
'2d
a
u
ii
it
m (
.
(I
Howard, New bern.
Gilliam, Raleigh (exch'd.)
8iunders, Hilisboro. -French.
WilmiegldO
Shipp, Salisbury (exch'd.)
Heath, Morganton,
Osborne, Buotcombt,
31
4th
5th.
Cth
7th
8th
(
iTELEGR APTTTC.
I REPOTVTR OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
. . Confederate Congress. j
RICHMO.VD,Feb. 1. The" Senate- pawed tbe j
Senate bill to abolish toe ornce or all quartermas
ters and corcrnissariei. on duty.at posts and de
pots, aad tn provide fnr the appointment of
bonded agents in their p'aera.. The act alsa re
pea!a aM authority to detail, peraona between 18
and45 in said departments. The Senate then
went Into secret session. -
RICHMOND, Feb: 1; In tbe Ilonse Mr. Ghol
on snbeaitted tbe following: "The people of
the Confederate States have ever been, and are
now ready to make peace upon terms 'honorable
to both parties, yet it is the judgment of the
House, that'while we should .manifest a willing
nesi to treat fur peace, wa should rot omit to
vigorously prepare for war : . That in the judg
ment of the House this preparation can. best he
made by using every effort to place, at once, in
the army every man liable, under onr laws, to
render military service, and by Caudr.g the Quar
termaster, CommisFsry and other department? to
te administere 1 with renewed energy; and pince
General Lee has been made General in Chief, to
assign to him our best and most acceptable Gene
ral"3 to command our separate arnres, and by ceas
ing to agitate the policy f employing negio
troops, a measure which has alread1 divided pub
lic sentiment and produced much despondency. '
Mr. Gholson spoke at considerable length .In
support of hie resolutions, lie incidentally paid
a tribute to the efliciency cf the Pre, which be
thought, had accomplished more in aid of cur
struggle than' a hundred fold number of employ,
ees could ha v done if armed and placed in the
field. . Mr. Gholson occupied the morning hour,
at the expiration of which, the currency bill was
referrbd the committee of conference.. The House
then resolved into secret session.
From Georgia.
MACON, Feb. 1. A spectUl dispatch to the
Columbus Enquirer, dated Marianna, 30tb, states
that the enemy, one hundred strong, came, to I
flica g Bluff, on the Apilaehcoia Kiver, and cap
tured a lieutenant and forty negroes on the 25:h,
and then left. On the 26tb, the enemy were r
i orted again advancing on Rica's Bluffy nuu-bcr
unko'wn.
Cfedejate Consress.
RICHMOND, Ftb. 2. The Seaate wai e'hie fly
oceupitd to dy in discussing the Hons amend
ments to the bill to provide for the employment
cf free negroes and slaves, to work upon fortifi
cation?, pending which tbe Stncte resolved into
1 secret session.
Tbe House passed the Senate bill for increair.i
the compensation and emelument of the President,
and for increasing the salary of officer and cleika
of the government in Richmond. Also, adopted
resolutions expressing the. great concern of Ca.
gress in the additional evidences of patriotism
in the various communicaions which have declar
ed it to be their purpose to maintain the war fer
independence.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 2. Tho New York Herald
of the 33th, received. Nt a word about the ap
pointment of Peace Commissioners by Lintgla,
but contains oyer a column about Blaif's sreaed
visit to Richmond, in the shape of Washington
correspondence, in which the writer assmts tkat
Blair's mission will not be a failure, and predicts
that Commissioners from Kichiaoad wid J-ooh e
tn route to Washington.
Great sensation produced in New York on Hua
day by the reported fall of Charleston, and of an
arrangement .between Lincoln tsd Davis far the
immediate attainncentof peaca.
Tbe Herald's special correspondent gravely an
nounces, that Kirby Smith is aegctiating with
Maximillian for the tratjfer of his force tu Mex
ico. -
The blockade ruaner Blenheim from Nassau
was receutly captured near Cape Fear rircr,
Butier had a grand reception at Lowell on Sa
turday : in a speech he said it was idle to talk of
peace or unionuntil the rebel array of . .Northern
Virginia was defeated or capturtd.
Seward made a speech before a christian com
mission in Washington, on Sunday night in nhith
he said, we wait onlv at the hand of the rebels,
for submission, which if longer delayed, necessity
follows military defeat ana overthrow. Several de
structive fires in different Stales recorded in tbe
Herald.
Gold, advanced as hifc as 220 Saturday, but
closed at 121.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, Feb. 2. The weather hag great
ly moderated, but the navigation of the Hirer ig
still obstructed by ice. Flaof truce corawuni
cation at Yarina will be resumed in a few days,
when several hundred Yankee- prisoners will be
sent off. The question of a general exchange of
prisoners will soon be decided.
From Europe.
RICHMOND, Feb. 2. European advlcs to the
18th ult. received. Rumors prerailfd in Paris
continuing a reporthere tofore published that Max
imilian bad ceded to Louis Napoleon five Mex
ican States. A Paris report states that Marshal
Bazarine ha1 received orders from tho French
Euiporer, to seize and hold 8enra as an indemni
ty -for the expense incurred by the French Gov
ernment in placing Maximilian on the throne.
The Lvndon Times sajs, that none of tbe Euro
pean powers will guarantee tbe independence of
the Confederacy as proposed aven with agree
ment to abelish slavery. 9
The blockade running steamer Lilia, was foun
dered at the mouth of tbe Mersty o tht 15ih;
only eight out of fifty persons 00 board were
s ved.
The Theatre Royal at Edinburg, was destroyed
by fire on the 13th ult. A number of persoas were
kided and tpjared. - '
The Liverpool cotton market is dull, with a de
clining tendency.
From Richmond and the North.
1 ICHMON D, Feb 4. The Baltimore Amei icaa
of 30th asserts positively that Lincoln authorized
Blair to communicate his willingness to give hear
ing to any person of irf uence who may couie front
the States in rebellion, with or without Davia'
authority, to treat of peace upon tbe basis of sub
mission to the Union.
C. C. CUy, Jr., has arrived at a Confederate
port. V " ; ,
.Commissary General Northrop has not resigned
aa reported.
t'ocfederate Congress.
RICHMOND, Feb. 4. In th-Senate, the negro
question was further discussed several kroars, with
out result. The bill to establish a flag for ike
Confederate States passed without opposition.
The new flag was displayed from the Capitol to
day, the oaly change id the aubatitnticu of a red
bar for the half white fild, the former competing
the out end. Nothing of interest ia the House in
opeaaeesioa.
I
I
I
t
-I
I
I
i
1
t
, Northern Sews.
RICHMOND, Feb. 4.Tha H,rtld fcf tbe t a
has been received. A Washington dif patch
we have had a surfeit r peace rur tod""
and It is exceedingly difficult, out of tfce . J'
ntracletery st.teu ents to arrive at the tr.u
The faV- appear to be that there .... , .
tion fro Picbuford admitted within Jy
yesterdayto-df r they st-rted down J.ttei ri!!!
ou an army transport. Tbay were Il6pPed "
Fortre e Menroe. Reward stat ted f.r Aarsr
at noon to meft them, ther is to fcH; '
they will not come to WtjhiLyttc at pre.e.t
But any n. gotlations or conftre nc U rrcard T
the settlement of difiicultit-a will U c.rductd
Fortress Monroe by Seward, iu behalf .ftLfl G
errmn.t.
The wbojoaflalr is Invoked lit a tocd deal
rnystcry. The Annapclis corresptrdent of k
Baltimore American of the let, aancuaces ae a '
rival there t his-morniug of Seward, aecoaanj,"
by his prirate Secretary, who imraed.atelT tk
for Fortress Monroe on Gract's difpaltk st;aa.
to ueet the Rebel Commissioner?. " r'
The Houw adopted the Senate rwolutlan cini
lining ftererr within the" United Staff . SaW
in honor cf the errrt were Ired i0 varioti citi"
The Maryland Hou?e of Del, fitts kai ceacur'.
curred in the amendment.
Two di,a.trous fires eceurred in Savannah (t
the 27th and 28th, destroying a Urgt nuxtr .r
buildings. By the sec , vJ fire ten blocks war.
burned. Tea thousand bales of cotUa had bta
chippid North, and a crowd of otktr vesis ar
feeing loaded with it.
CJratt has recently been to Frt Fisher. Ha re
turned to Fertress Monroe on Monday.
An order has been i-ued by irilitarr c
ty in the State of Missouri for bauifbi -that
Stateiba wires aud children of all t.
rbel military service.
The House parsed a hill proTidirjf for tl
atruction of a ihip canal around tho falla .j
aara.
Brazil is now engaffedin hostilities with btth
Hungary and rarujriisy. The latter StaU bas,
accordinrj to the latcet advic-i, also declared war
against he Brazilians.
Goldcloied ia New Yerk on the lit at 20J.
Conimhssioners Kctum to KUbuiond.
RICIIMOND, Feb. 5. The Commissionera re
turned from Fortress Monroe lat ni-bt. They
bad an interview with, Lincoln and Seward, and
were infmimd substantially lhat peace could on
ly be attained by unconditional sukmu.donto th
con titutinnandUu of the United States, and
that the Slav ry o.uestinn h sd been disposed of bv
the action of th ' F doral CorKres, in doptlnf'.tbe
p oposed amendment lo the constitution aknl'irt.
inp slavery in th.- United Sutpn. It is underfed
that the oflieisl atati-mert froaa tk ComnferLa
ers will be laid befoi e Conffrees to-morrow.
From Fctcrbur.
PETERSBURG, Feb. 5.The aemy demon.
strat d heavily upon our ripht to-day. 0r
picketfi, in Gen. Gordons' front were driroa ii
early this mornivg, ai d a portion cf tbe enere.v'i
force reached; the 7auh:n toad hud erai-fa
Hatcher's run. Some skh uiirfairjjr has occurred,
but there has been no er page merit f ret. Tat
object of this movement is cot developed.
The enemy 'a traius havt been running conft.mU
ly for the la.t two nights; auppr.fd to b? conrer
ing troops. From 7 to 11 o'c'ork tart rieht the
heaviest cannonading that has occurre 1 for weeks,
took place ou our left, cau?cd by the enemy hth
Iir-fr our Chesteifitdd weiks. No caualtica cu
our 6ide.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 5.-The New York WotlJ
of the 31st occupies a page with the procedia
and speeches of the board of supervisors, relatin.
toho approaching draft, that the city ejuoti
hviufr been increased from four to twenty cat
thousand, several supervisors iutimattd that an
other! iot wa? inevitable if the drait were enfure.
Tbu AVorid days, wc council tlia people f thi
city to restrain their indignation although wa
are well aware tboy are iutciinely excitt-d. 71
drart takes plac? on the 15th.
Another Committee has been pent to Wa.lin;'
ton to. urge, the reduction of the rjuota.
c
OUN T Y THUS T W K .
We are requested to announce LYNN ADAM J,
Esq. a candidate for the ollice of County 'i i wa
ter, for Wake county.
If elected he will endeavor to attend faithfully
to the iutie of the office.
teb 6-wltAd?twtdo
0
1 0 U- N T Y T It USTEE.
We pre requested to announce Mr. J. V.
MCTCHINS as a candidate for re-election lis
County Trunte. t the approaching Febsuarj
Term of Wake County Court.
feb 4-d3tawtd.--
T- Z CONSCKIPT OFFICE.
v - Raleioii, N. C, Feb. 1st, lS'-C ,
NOTICE TO NEWSPAPEKS.
Editors of nil nwnpprs thronghout tbe Stat
nre requested not to publich anv Odicial slvr
tisemcntfrom anvollicerin Conscription s-rvir-,
unless approved by the Commandant of (.Vrmcnj."
ticrv
Hereafter no advertieement, not ao apjir'tys-i,
will be paid for.
By order of Mij. Mallett,
Comujaudantot Conssripts
if: J. H AUD IV,
feM-d3t-w2t Airtaut
D. C. Mi'SKir. J. A. Moorb. W. J. llitftu&a
D. C. MUUUAY & CO.,
GENERAL
AUCTION AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS
FAYETTKVILLE ST it EXT UALtlCIT, 5T. C
Having regularly commerced busineee, solicit
consignfffLts. Tbev will attend promptly to
purchase and tale of all Goods, Stocks, A v., A.
RKFEKKMCKI.
C. Dewey, Casb.,'W. H. Jne. Cafh., Ra!tik-
Messrs. Harris k Howell. Wilmington
J. H. Litdeay, Cashier, Greensboro.
I). A. Davis,' Ceh?er, -a'Ubury,
T. W. Dewev, 'hier, Charlotte.
A. SIcLean, Ctbier. Fa.yetteville.
;iam-s E. f'utbbert. Cirbier, Petersburg, Ta
Drrch. Morton k Co., Richmond, Ta,
feb K-wCt
VTORW CAROLINA, I
JJl Johnston Couniv, J
COOKT OF PUIS AND QUARTER SkH0!3.
November Term, 1S64.
Joun G. Gullbv,
r n
Ganton Parrbh, Augustus Parrbh, Nathan c
kio, O. L. Dodd.
of
Scire Facx'tS to rtr Judgment.
It aopearinir to the satiofacion of the C.vjrt
that the abov- naned de,rendtnta are Dn'r"u
Ar,ta :t:..j,.A Tlmt rmhlicatioi be a:"
ii o ereo.
1 - --.. 1 1 fi
WAIMili T I9k low.