V - l
THE COXFEDERATE.
.WEDNESDAY, March ttt, m.
Senator Hill's tspccrli.
TiiU speech, delivered at Lagrange, Georgia,
on the 1st cf March, is well adaptc I to tin state
of affairs in North Carolina. It embrace;? three
topics: the crisis the nerve of Coi.gres and
the patriotism cf th pec: le. The ciisis in
North Carolina TiLat i? it ? or rather, what
was it? It consisted it a dangerous nttmipt
to g tber a Conventi"ii of the people for soiratc
State action. We prove tbi9 from. the testimony
furuishtd by Mr. Iloldcu, the head and front of
the movement As we have more than once
done before, wcgiveMr Holden full credit for his
eft-repeated protestations that Le neither advo
cate 1 reconstruction, the secession of the State,
nor separate action by the State, indepf ndent
of t!.e Confederate government. .ut we
.s;.all ir.tro luce Lis teachings and his threat?,
as directly the Converge of thc?e pn-tesbi-a.-
and we shall ak for his l.fi.guag a
p' ti i, common-sense, construction. We put
:;t of view, too, f r the present, his violent
(!!.!::. . iation of every J-ram li of the goveru
ne id, and his ppo-iti- n t ) all its acts.
tin v'iti. o -JmIj-, loao, lit. ii-.vivn,
the rftai. dard, said: " We teil the Krister
that we Lave been and ttill arc devoted to the
cause of in .ep 'i'dence ; but, as we stat ;1 in
the article on the subject of j,cace, we fear
that the chances arc against us. We did not
nial.e those c! ances. and we cnnri'-t change
them. We should f.d the hu
r;.i! ation of a restoration of the old goveru-n.-n!
as profoundly and as acutely as would
the chi T ,f tl.u Ilegi.-der, but if the people of
this .Stale, with subjugation or reconstr ue-ioti
staring ihe in the face, as the alternate e,
should sai'y and reluctantly accept t-he latter,
it weald not be in our power to prevent it if we
would."
Agiin : "The People of Johnston nrc not for
reconstruction, but for negotiations with (he
Northern people with a view to separation.
They call for a jrentral Convention of the people
01' nil tin Statt s, Noith and South, the dele
gates to be chosen by the people, and the action
of the Convention to be final when ratified by
the people of the States.
Tlie South would meet anxious for separation,
and theNit!i would meet inxiou- ?.,v re .-tu ra
tion ; but the delegates, acting for tlie people,
would deliberate on the whole matter, and any
treaty or compromise they might make wruld
be tin al, if ratified by tde people of the two
sections. This war cm be closed oidy
by tiie people." KaJiijh rfijtdaid, A'lyasl 1st,
We do not quote the ei.tire articl. s in itla r
m-, but weatiirm not to have garbled lcr
? v det-acted front the general sei..--e by
the manner of our quotation. Tiir.s, then,
v. e have in Mr. I IohK li a person who has bo
gun to far for our success; -.vim looks o the
:dternative of r. construction or stiljegatiun ;
n l,o deems the time c 'tne for the coinsidera
tioi of tliis alternative, and the mode that he
pi "Mos.cs is not through the Confederate gov
ernment, as 1 1 o constitution p.;L;!s ;ut, but
thr.ajgh a general convention of the people
North am! S t.th," Avhich is to hied, each
.:.'; us f : its own svhiti.n of the didie.i.t v,
b '.t after noeting is to ddib- rat-', ami to treat
r
oor - . oniprornii" sul j- it t the rat ill vdioii
of tl-M pt'..p! 0f t!iC two sections - the je. p'e
o-i'y, according to Mr. 11 lden, being com po
tent to (1 e the war ; the government being
i. ft wl.ol.y nut of vi w.
A.iiu : " We have favoivd arid stiil favor
to-- iatf l in laid down by thedoh uton uv t
i...'.. o a iuii'!!!:iii of all the Slates ? wiih a
.v '.v U pcac ; the Soiiihi ru St.iteS to chtci
t i i e nventit'U io i'avor of sepaiiitio!), t: v
NMhcMi States in favor of restoration, and
tii action (1 the Ci nventioii to be tihal, wian
.-ul i. lifted to and ratified by the voters of the
Stato. it may or it may not be expedient
to fav r st:eh action at this time'bv tlie States.
M u And finally, it is true we have de
clared, that if subjugation," with ail its hor
rors, jda uld slare us in the face on the one
hand, with a restoration of the -oid govern
ment, with all our rights on the other, we
.hou!d accept the hitter as the lesser evil."
Ktileijh Standard, Adjust 19.', lfjCM.
Hire are the proportions eroiipcd, and adis
tinet committal bv Mr. llolden of himself to
I t th: tirt to general convention, a .d to re
consti uction ;isthe alternative of sn. iuati'.m.
AH that will rt ir.ain for us now, will be to show
that he has t-ince become convinctd of the
danger of subjugation, ami we pin hi-n to the
a!'ermiti ve by i. is own eon fission.
Lit us .ee: On the 2nd of February of
this pre.s nt year, Mr. Holden, in the Standard,
he'.,! a dialogu-1 bit ween himself and a st;p-p-
e 1 cl-ataeter th U he called 44 D trw tice."
The lestruc:ive ropuiivs what is wanted with
a Convention, and Mr. Holden replies :
I want it mainly for the purpose of taking
dep, to obtain peace. We have been litrliiniop
- f5
r. early three years; we are growing weaker,
c.-pteiaily as regards meat and bread and
cu thing, and though I hope we shall be able
to hold c'ut iiruL beat th.e enemy bach at va-ii-'i.s
points, yet I am not sure of this, judging
by the past ; and if we keep on fighting ami
1 slug, or ktop on fighting and gain;; g noth
ing, the time may come when we shal.1 have
to He down and take such terms a tl e enemy
m?y impose upon us."
" r.ut what short cf peace do you . pect ?"
iv.ys JKstruciivc.
"The veiy bct we can get. I wai t sepa
ration and -independence. Wc could have
t I ttt r terms twelve months ago toau we
can i.ow. and I am not sure that the end of
the next twelve months will not find us in a
worse condition than at the present. I fear
It would be hard work now to save slavery on
any turns' "Lincoln's pre
scriled tet oath swears away our slaves, and
bis proposition to regard a tenth of the popu
lation a nucleus for a new State organization,
wotild subvert cuf StUe govevnrnenf , and
place us-at his mercy. 13ut a couveutiun cou
stantly in existence could aut for the State as
sovereign, and make terms in the last resort,
and thus preserve the State from extinction."
i This i3 Mr. ILdden's part cf the Dialogue.
I Settled down in his apprehensions and iVtrs
despondent over the pas1, gloomy in the prrs-
cut. and h opilcss and despairing of the fuun.
he succumbs t-i the prc?sc-nt tieocssity of m ;k -I
big tl e I est.icrms he can get, before he slnai d
b oblig d to lie down ami take such term as
the enemy should impose.." In other words,'
he stood ready then, according to the logical
and only semsiblec nstrnction of thislahgr.age,
to adopt rec. instruction, because he reg irded
subjugation as " stiring him in the face.''
' Ilut this is oiily a part of. the Cr.isis which
we, the loyal pepleof North Carolina, ! ave.
i had to pass through. Developing the vi'ws
we have alcove given, with wonderful rapidity
Mr. Holden communicated his alarm and 1 ;s.
"purpose to the whole Sute; invited, agir.ifi- n
j mer tings i-i order to a State coriventW n
j which was to rippuint commissioners to lAn
1 coin, to nter at once upon ths negotiations
which have been quoted b us above. Tiiis
separate action by Xcrth Carolina was recom
S mended hy Mr. Holden in these words: , Hut
it was fearful, as it u still- feared, that, in the
fir.-t place, it wuld be cx'remely difficult to
institute negotiations belwecn Presidents Davis
arid Lincoln, representing as they do the ex
tieme mni of the two soc:iuns ; and secondly,
it was apprehended that Mr. Davis would
not relinquish Marylnnd, Kentucky, Mis
souri and western Virginia, unless required
to do so by the Sovereign States.'' Stan hu d,
Xoo. 18, 180:5.
And because of lhe.sc fears, th" the two
governments would not negotiate, Mr. Holden
advises the separate negotiation of North C tr- "
Una with the enemy ; and "in that negotiation
he proposes as preliminary to his "last resort'',
by which the " State government is to be saved
from extinction," the equally unconstitutional
'ami disgraceful and criminal project of dis
rupting the Con fed eraey by the surrender of
a portion of the noble old Commonwealth of
Virginia, and the abandonment of Kentucky,
Missouri, and Maryland. This he is prepared
to do at once and if the enemy will not ' rom
pr(a;ih:con thhi basis-, then ' fte hat hi can
!?.
This is yet in pari only of ihe cuisis in North
Carolina. Other wrongs were contemplated
t the Confederate government other resis!
aneeof its rightful ami legitimate authority
other outrages upon the loyal sentiment of the
I S'ate; a hi of which wer.- regularly reproduced
j in the Newborn Times, a Yanket paper pnb
; Ihdacd in Newborn vh se editor" when re
publishing them, called upon his 'horde of
occupants of the propcity of our people, to
14 old on and hope. .Acting upon these inspi
rations, bamlsof the enemy enrolkd themselves
into military fire organizations, bearing Mr.
Holden 's name, and marched in procession,
with suitable devices, inscriptions v.vd em
blems. All this has been claimed :is iciti-
r
mate freedom of the press here in N .rth Caro
lina, and it has been borne and submitted to
The piispeudon of the habeas corpus alone has
saved us from a worse evil. It has beep, a
God's mercy to th a whonvst complain of it.
We invite the attention of the loval pre.-s
of 'he Confederacy to this sta!eu.t.t. it -is
uttered in that fairness rind wiih tLit re-sp ct-
j ful tone towards Mr. IL ldtn which we have
determined to observe. It off -rsan iippd to
(bv. llro'.vn and those who, for r artv e.eis. nre
ranning mad after him, agrim-t ;tre evil
! co'd ire i no tut of this trcecssarv ac"". of
I s O
l it i ai. .
We tak eor solatien in the fact, that
though some papers follow Gov: llrown in h;s
vagaries, not one in the wh.T.le Confederacy
adopts Mr. Ilobh-n. All, aH. sreer clear tt'
him, except Joy's paper at'Newbern, ar.tl one
or two neutrams and on-.' wiiose position we
are tired of namine.
Market So 3Iarkit. -
The Ihdeigh market cvaies umlcr this head.
For several days past, before the fall t f snow
little or nothing has been hrought to mar'ut
We are tohl that those who have provisions
to sjd!, are holding back until the new cur
rency shall be put in circulation. B'.ess our
suffering people, what are they to do until the
tirsr o: middle of Apiil,if matUfs continue in
this way ? We are toid that some cf our peo
ple are reduced to bread and water diet. Not
a few, we are assaired, not un frequently feel
the pangs of absolute hunger. Is it necessary
f-r us to mike an appeal to the humanity and
patrior'sm of those of our country people who
j have provisions to spare. Our people nevr
i refuse to pay. in (he currency of air oji
country, the prices demanded ft.r th.e necessa-
ri s tif iife ; and we do think the producers
I ought not to cut off our rations by withholding
j the necessary supplies under a false idea about
j the currency.
j : ,
At the request of Dr. Wra. C. Itobcrts, the
' S! i r 'T i'. .T n ? .linrrra ff tlirt Wrf.. COn TT . . . 1
u.iini.uii in vinii vi mt: u iij uiuc xio-piiai, we
: call the attention of the ladies to the fact that
that institution is sadly in need of old l'uien and
j cotton bandages, for the use of suffering soldiers.
We refer the matter especially to the ladies,
assured that they will promptly relieve the
hospital from this need.
I IiKTUKNEP Officers. Among the li.-t cf
! returned ofiieers at Richmond on Sunday last,
' we find the following names ot North Cam
! Ui.wns: Capt. SI. J. Beardoii, A. tv. M., 50th
i liegimcnt ; Lieutenants B. X. G. A-kew and
; W. (L Baldwin, 20th N. V. ; A.J.Brown.
38th ; S. M Buxtnn, 2d N. C. cavalry; J.
; A. Caldwell, 23ti ; W. II. Covington, 58th ;
J. B. Cabarriss, Doth. .
Ciiiot Justice Taney was 87 years old cil the
17th, taid is in good health', except paralys'-s
of his lower limb-?. His mental lacultirs re
tain their vigor.
From our Special Army Corrtponucnt.
Lokgstkeet's Ai:my, Tennessee
March 11th 18G4
It is good to be hero although' we feel 'th. '
cbaDge from the pleasures of old Wake to the
hardships of camp life, very sensibly. Yet
we have one advantage here over you all at
home aswe hear none- of the eternal croak
ing, fault finding, and disloyalty preval
ent in r-ome portions of the old Xorth .Stale.
TiiCie ai-t a great many dhdoyar prsoris here
but we hear none of it. In the presence of
i armed patriotism treason hides its diminished
! he.id, and creeps into its darK ami loathsome
,,,-, p. J
w n coi i iq
'
! den. rendered so infamous by its o
i ruptton
r . . 11- . :.. 1 atu . !,Aill, tlx
i lies i 'MS :t I f in mm ; i 11 -i : u i
j are having a nard tin.e. Ihe wea'ler nas
j been wi t and the ground is ciy mu!dy .and
I uncomfortable. .IJjwever, you can hu- the
: menxsongat any hour of the day and night,
i .i 1 lio ..'i.. ii f)ij aro rl.pc-r i l:! 1 US it llCV
II .w ; 1ihv !
" 1 ... .
in 'lueneil amiOst hattier s: enes ami iiuie.s.
id MU'lOS !
l' l.,r.Mri.Pl'c,mv tlie nnlv tnattcr of.tmit! "fl.
Ill li 'ii' J ui in i v.i., - ,
nil . mti-i n.t
relative to our Gene!
-i IS I
ti ,. i n. ,-.., ,.f t!. Tr.;i.i.i,Ti,i:. i.qj io-t i
in I til iiuen.ri is j v i . v i v, i V4 - .
Vil li, 1 V "V i -s I . O 1 II1C H i I'"1 LM " ) ' J"
been court-martialed on yrave charges. G' n
... " - "S
McL iws is about t untler.-;: the s uae o
, !
an ! Gen. I,aws, of ALibama, on his r.tnin
-from furlough yesterday , was 'aeed imtler
arrest. Ail these difficulties I believe grow
Old 1 Ji -ltU o:i li !jo.. vlile.
lluod's veteran division has now a newM-yor
General iicoinmand. Gen. liuckner had been J
commanding the divhion for some weeks past
but was re'iievd.:lf,few days since .by Major
Geueral Field. Tno-new General is young
Kpntuck'nm of the old anrtv. and has won bis
way up to his baton of Marshal at the bend of
u Virginia brigade, through the fierce cor.te-ts
of N rtlu rn Virginia, lie was badly wonnued
) at the second abmassas, and has just recovered
sufficiently to take the fit M. He no n commands
1 a division that can make Lieutenant aiei M;sjor
Generals )ni as f ist as vacancies will occur.
The health of the army is good, the provisions
and clothing sufficient, and what is more, the
men are re-enlisting rapidly, with a determina
tion to fight to the bittoi end. Iu that deter
mination let ail good men join us. Yours,
Akcoi.f
For the Confederate.
Camp Whiting, March loth 1861.
Mtsyrs Editor a : Tlp action, of W. W.
Hidden, in nominating himself lor the office of
Governor of this State, has taken by surprise
j only those who have been gulled by his so
i'phisti y. That, a man of the ability of Zebu
I Ion JJ. Vance .should be found in the list,
j -hows the well hdd scheme of the editor of
the Standard, .in paving tlie way f r the elec-
' i- - T " 1 T V . 1
Hon oi a conservative camnu.ue. uuring ino
Guheriiatorial contest i:i 'G2, hoping by
timt means to secure the State of Xortti Caro-
j lii.a to "the paity of which. he was the ecog
i nizal leader.
. Grov. Vance having fallen under the ban of
IIoMen ami his faction, is now "a bout to be
laivl on true shelf to make room for sonic one
l etter fitted-to carry out their nefaiioiis de
signs j am', as it is rumored that he intends
offering himself' itgain as a candidate, the sol-
j tlicrs " jrom the Uid xo-th Siab-, in the
! Confederate army, are anxious to learn on
what platform be intend pr senti ng himsell
j h'eiore the people. If it contains a disavowal
i o? all articles tint have appeared in the col -
umns o! the Ibtl-.-iu'n Stamlard for the last
i twelve months, a cheerful actpuietcct-ee with
i the Crovtrnment of ihv-se Slates, in. favor. of a
! vigoMKis pi osc nthm ;f the war as long as" he
i foi-t of a vankee ol!ntes our S'-.ii, then will
i he meet with t'ne saint snnpjrt from tlie army
j tb.at was oi-v:i him in 18(32.
i .o pn ic nitiiiatiou must be used by' Gov.
J V.'.nce iu 1- vv-z ihe people know liis pobiiion ,
j but let him conoe forward "with tb deter mi
i na ion..coi!ie v eal come woe," l stnnd by the
g-'Venuncnt of tins Confederacy, and, if m ces-
I sat v, saeniice the cist man and last Uohar for 4
i the lionor of ?iiorth Carolina in ibis struggle
j for our independence, and August '04 will
i bring with it the .s-rvere rebuke that has
ever
party
et Veen, administered to tiio conservative
More anon.
CKNSOU.
1 imi.ic Mekting in Daviom-n Cuxty.
meeting-. f a p niou f the cinz-ns of
Davidson couiiJy, Was held rt Tb...masvill-, on
Mon.h.y altei no o, Maitrii id. lhGl, to con
sider the piopriety t'f taking si me s'eps to
supply the vaeam'y occasioned in Congress,
trtim the Tt'n District, by the death of Hon. S.
II. Christian:
On motiou. Dr. Ii. W. Thomas was called
othe chair, and J. L. Lee appointed stcre
tay. The chairman havh.g stateti the bject of
the net-ting, us .bovc s-t forth, -n motion cf
ii. W. Sheilv, a committee of five, consisting
of II. W. Shelly, Reuben May, A. F, Dtxlson"
Ih S. Ligon, ami W. F. Bice was appointed
by Ihe chair to .drafi resolutions for the con
sideration of the meeting.
The committer, after deliberation, reported
through th. ir chairman, B. W. Shelly, as fol
io s :
A vacancy having occurred in the Congress
of the Confederate States from this the 7th Con
gressional District of North Carolina, by. the
death of the Hon. S. H. Christian, and we, a
portion of the freemen of said District, believ
ing that the exigencies of the country demand
that said vacancy should be filled by some one
of our fellow-citizens, who, by intellectual en
dowments, integrity of character and unflinch
ing devotion te the-State and Confederacy, i3
eminently fitted for official station :
Be it therefore.
liwflret That wc reeoiumend to the voters of
nie 7th Congressional District, AlfkkoG. Foster.
j ot Randolph, as combining those qualities which
constitute the sale counsellor ana wise legislator.
Ite-tolvuX, That the voncrra'ice and jt'dieions
administration of the State (iovernmer.t by Gov.
Vance, and the noble and patriotic sentimentjTm
bodied in his recent address to the people, make
him our first and only choice for Governor.
llt-xolved, That to the heroic defenders of our
hoin-s and liberties in the' held our gallant sol
diers we tender the warmest expressions of our
admiration and gratitude, and we trust that an
horairabje and lasting peace will, ere long, crown
their self sacriticiug efforts in the cause of Free
dom and Independence.
The report of the Committee was adopted
as the unanimoas sentiment of the meeting.
On niotiem the Raleigh Progress, and Con
federate, the Fayetteviile Observer, the
Greensboro' Patriot, and the Wadesboro'
Argus were requested to publish the proceed
ings of the mt etir g.
Alter returning thanks to the chairman and
fccretarv, the meeting adjourned.
R. W. THOMAS, ch iirman. '
J. L. Lkl, secretary.
Major C. A. B. Diniou, of Salem, Mass., has
been orderrd to Point Looktmt, Md., fy Gen
eral ButTer, to .organize into regiments Con
federate prison. rs of war tLhsting in the
Uniteel States serice.
Col. Wm. Iloflman, the Yankee Commissa
ry General of prisoners, has decided ihnt box
es, containing nothing hurtful or contraband,
sent to prisjicrs of war by their families or
fiic:.dr, will be dclircrsd,
THE VOICE OF TIIE ARMY.
For Tho Confederate.
THE TOUttTKKKTII N. C. KKGIMEXT.
A hirge ami enthusiastic meeting ot the
ineUibersofthel4f.il Nv C. TrM)p-, pompo-s-ing
nearly every member, in th- c m;ii;itfl,
was lu hi at th.cir camp, near Oia:ge C. 11.,
Va. on 'the lo'.h iust.
(in iTiotitm of Sergent 3Iaj N. K Jenkins,
Capt. Seat on. Gahs. of A. .A. G. Ka-r.seur's,
b;i.jade w,;s railed fo r'ne chair, at-d. on mo
tion of Ie::. G. Y. Lefuich, Lieut. J. J.
Br
nd ei't Mij N. E. Jenkins, were
:l poll. ted S.-i 1 e;li nS.
The ch tit man a-Lliassed the mat ting in
cx'-hinatiun of its ijecs. tirst ;iu liui: to bis
i . , ,
former c-'iinecti.m wito tiie roiiio i.t ami loesa
1'iett u
t.i tiravv a para'dtd bt'twten tieo
n er.t
I'lT
I .'I
. A a.nc- and Iiop.len, tt.e nval
caiali bites tor tovertjor
oi N rth ( 'ar h i i ;
the h im t having been hirising hi his efi rs
r advance the c.ir-se, uphold and su.siaiu
. i ... ...... : . - . r .. .
li o ti ouieu., uicieasi; mo coo.ior-s i.u .
. .!..) i 'iiv t V,i l..f. i.-'.i ..! I. luiir
' MiC iUim in"uiij (ii: fill'.1 i-i
li" h id ove r been mi .ltui ot tbe
.. .. . .,. . - .1
1 ' l O1- oit.n ''I im vt-ii i iiiii.:T.s i'i .vihii v
bna
II -!i.i participate to-. m toe c m
moll tko.t.ceo! the c aiatl'i , amid iiising
.shot
and' en
mmo- .! it.
The!
i-.i lot-re n
.t be some few fea'ares
of h s a.iminirtrati .n and soiye few sen ti men's
f i is r-c- i.t .speeches wi.i-di 'all C-u'd let
tiiiithi anorove, the o-e-ier.il ten-T oi' both
sbotlhl be salts! utoi v to ai
iu -n.
rr tod and true
Ti,e la-1' r of the candidates hail habitually
un.
n:n- o
tyankte si;c ess s, and uin!r-rated
Ct:i ede'rate. prowess; ha4 persistently re-il-e?ed
noon tlie C .rift derate authorities, draw-
j ,.t upon' himself 4.he eulogy of Uu common
fee, and Would have d u'otiess proceeded fur
ther, but for apprehended penalty cl-m
" On motion of Sergj't Whit mire, C-. F., a
committee if Mine was appointed to dr.ilt
lesolutions cxpressire ofi'.e s-miments of
the
mecimo-
I he Go.iiUiittee, consisfetl or
Seig't J. 1. "Whi'mife, an.l 1'iivate A S.
Morrison, ai.d it. W. Stronach, who subse
quently reporte.l the following, viz :
llcvo'vcJ, That Wj daein this a fitting oppor
tumiy for expi e.4sin our devotion to these p:in
ciples of constitutional liberty for which we ifi e
struirIinjr, inu UU!' deterininntion to relax no
effort until they shall bu placed upoii-that firm
and secure basis which lies only in the success of
our just and jIoriftus cause.
UexfM'ced, That we heartily approve and endorse
the jreneraf course of (Jov. Vance, and that we
have watched, with feelinjr of pride and ;i atirica
tion, his brilliant and successful administration of
our State affairs ; that ids patriotic devotion to
the cause, bis st'yrn regard for the dignity and
character of the State, ids cordial co-operation
with th constituted authorities of the Confedtrati
government, arid his untirir.nr consideration for
the necessities and wants of tiio soldier in the-rield,
alike entitles hi in to our esteem and our gratitude ;
and that we accordingly pledge him our warm arl
united support for a second term of otiice.
Jietith-eill That these proceedings bo communi
cated' by the chairman of this meeting to Gov.
Vance, "and that he be invited to visit this regi
insist at an early day, when he may be assured of
that enthusiastic welcome, to which h b so emi
nent! v en-titled at the hands of every .North Caroli
na soldier. .
llexiitvvd. That a copy of tlu.se proceedings bo
sent to the Daily Conieiterate for publication, and
that the loyal Journals of thj State be" requested
to copy..
'i i esc rt solutions were adopted by accla
mation and amid much enthusiasm.
Alter which, Col. Bennett and others en
tertained the meeting with brief and spirited
need si S.
On u jof.. of Col. rUvmett, the .meeting
aiipaumd.
- SbiATON GALES, Cluirman.
i'i. o H. KINS, u
i ,, ' See ret-:
irics.
TiHMMFl'V-Fii-'ni N. C. ItLUlMKM'i.
Camp Coxally, Va.,
March i-2, 18(54. 5T
Ai a meeting of the o4 seers and men o! the
rwm lb g't N. G T., P ivat'! J 11 D xoj,, c,.
F. was c-tiied to the chair ami Lieut, (has
. dones, appoinr' d s .--en tary. Being called
i pon, CJTpt W J Webb explained t'ne c.bject
of the meetirro. Ujien m ,t;-u of Capt B V
iiriggs. (Jiipt N A Vbirted, Serut- A tl Beam
and M. i Cr.dlow.iy, Bid vats II Jones and Jesse
Be vis, were app anted a committee to elrafc
resoiutioi
ex or ssiv;
1 tlie otiject oi tlni
m;e
;iug.. After a
s.!.o.
ort u.riir toe commute-
ibronnh their ehairm n, Cant W A WJiiUoi'
suonii i ,eti too n,;,o.-ij,ig preamble anf resolu
tions, which were read and. unanimosiy ad pted
Scroll i; i,.
Yrir kkas, We the ofiieers and enlisted men of,
tln-ooiit N. C T., lot k forward with great j 'a
lousy on ;my measure which regards' th; advance
nient'of a cause which we hold so dear, and for
which we have su til-red so much and for which
wc are still willing to sutler, until we. shall have
gained that which is most near and dear to us a. I
our civil and religious liberty, and- -
Whku'k vs, We b. Ikve that the time bas come
when the most judicious economy should 'bo exer-.
cis-. d by our government in both men and means,
and " '
WiiEiiEAK, W.c se nojust cause why so many
Militia ofiieers and rivii Magistrates between th'j
the ages of eighteen and forty-five, should b- per
mitted to remain out of the service at this crisis,
especially since the passage t f the 44 Sta v Law " bv
the legislature cf NJrth Carolina, and iheaet to
organize a " reserve corps" by tho Confederate
States; or why they should not be rcquiivd to
share the toils and h troshlps of the ensuing t aa:-
paign eyiiaUg witii tix. ami add tin ir assistance
also to tlie advancement of the great and glorious
caue for which we have b.en struggling "or tin
past three years ; there; ore,
Uexolvcd, That in accordance w iih the late act of
Congress em)wer:ng the President, and Gov
eruors of the respective States to exempt onlv
such as in their opinion are absolutely necvssarv
to carry tn the civil Government, both Htate and
Confederate, th.tt we respectfully but earnestly re
nquest iior. Vance to send to our aid aii the
31iiiti otlicers and Magistrates, between the ages
of eiIiteeu and forty-live, who, after being de
prived of their present comrniss ons. are not other
wise exempted under the existing laws of Congress.
Jif:nnti; I, That tlie exemption of these two cusses
of citizens, from a service and a duty which th-v
owe in common with us, to their country, is justlV
causing much disatistaction in the ariiiy, among
btuh olhcers and men, and that it sMouid cease"
and that every man who ii physically able, be
tween these ages, should b? required to render ser
vice in ihe field, and if necessary, hi .lace at hoaie
should be filled by some one'of the many patriotic
Bitfn who hav.; been disabled, n b!y battling for
their rights.
Jieoolad, That we tender Gov. Z. B Vance "a
cordial and earnest invitation to vbit us before
the present contest for the position of Governor of
the State of North Carolina is decided.
RtHolwl , Th;it a cvpy of hese resolutions be
sent to Gov. Vance, and also with. the request
that th- be published, in the Raleigh Conttde
rate, I ayetteyille Observer. Catavwba Journal,
Wester n Democrat, Iredell Express, Winston Sen
tinel, Petersburg Register acd Richmond Sentinel.
Upon motion of Sergt W G Martin (fo G, th.
meeting adjourned.
J. R. D'lXON, Chairman.
Cuas. ii. Jones, Secretarv.
. Fight is Prospect. The JoDesboro' (Tenn.)
Telegraph of the 15th says, that the Yankees,
on Sunday, advanced their Hues to a position
near Kogersville Junction, but retreated to
Whitesburg. ou the advance of our forced to
meet them, Monday morning. The telegraph
thinks a battle between, the opposing fcrcea in
East Tennessee imminent.
A n--w paper is about to b' starti-d at II ur
fi ' i-boru', Teuucsse?, of county under Aboli-
1 i i i au.pic
A Yankee Fougeuy. The English jyir-,
i 1 . .1 1
nals nave recently puunsucu miicui, i
Hon. Thos. S. Boc ck, and the report grves
in .! it ,;i ii..i .Mi.i-.tiuMi nf onrNaW since its
I-'a:. states tint, in accord-
oranizati n.
ai.ee with the ord r .t the I rcsitb ni. agti.w
h;id h en dispatched to Lngbmtl and r ranee,
with o ders to contract i' r eight iron-chd v-s-
sels suitabled" r ocean s t vice, and calciihited
e .. ' ..
.
t.i i--wist ibf i.p,!i. a: v nrroan.ent t tio Woo ull
vessels o! .the enemv. F-r fivj of these v s-
. . ' i n l . .4 4'.x
seis contracts were tiivio in r ignin i, juiu hh i
the other t love in l .i'.n-e.
The rf i) 1 1 i:''S on fnrtlitT to allege that,
.... I
1 1 w in g to the untsien by c-tistiucti m or iier ,
neutrality laws; the' (r vcrument of Ivighuid
stationed several war ves-cds at the moulh of
tlie Mrse, an 1 prevented tli?ir dep irture
whan conipletnl. an.l that s.iljseq-ieu tLy they
were scizv.l by t!er Ibiiisa 0 wernment. The
vessels buiidiog in F;ance h;-d als bct'n sub-
c!ed to many . Oi i il visitations, and instruc
tions had beon given to cease operations upjn
them.
Tiie hogus report proceeds to give an ac
c unt .f a p'an 'for th.e rehef f our irisoners
on dedmsi oil's Island, t o faibir- of which is
attributed to inf. .rmati; n fumislied by the
B itish authorities in Ci nida.
Upon' the anpe.irar.co of this mis'-rahd.
forgry in the English journals. (.' mmauder
M. F. Maury len nt ed it over Ids own signa
ture in the Loudon Times, but a United States
journal, io commenting on his 1 fto-, re ifrirms
t be authenticity of t he rep: rt. .Under these
circumstances, Mr. Marlory aildressed a note
to tire Secretary of State, in whi -h he pr
ncu need the report, !r m beginning t end. a
forgery. The; document, however, ass im"d
additional importance in Fur.p, from the
fact that the EogHsh Attorney General in a
speech in i lie llouseof tj iinni :js, in defence
of the couse of the Minis'ry ori the stibj-vt of
Lainl's rams, tpicted ii : s au'hentic. On Mr.
B njamiir.N attention b ing calletl to tlie sub
ject by Mr. Ma'lory. he wrop a h ttrr to Mr.
Shd ii, our (onimi-siocr at Pari, directing
h'.n to make on olTtcial publication ispliirdng
that the report was a gross fabi ic.ition liich
miaid.Dixjwtch. OUDF.RK!) To BlCIIM iNO. lt is said thitt
the two tlistinguished ofti ers win came in
conflict on 'our coast, a few days :pg , were
ordered to Richmond tor an in vcstigati-u of
tho affair. It was reported that tiTe conflict
occur r-d between an tfli ' of the rnrny and
tiie navy, the c tsus hrlli bing a question of
authority and puisoiction.
Lost x rtificatc f StocK -Tb? rmder
sirned has Inst tin toiiowing Certiiicate:
No. 13!'5 for $3100, dated July 'Jstli, 18G:, issued
to J. MeBoyle. at Staleigh, N. C.
Kvery person is forbidden to purchase the same
as application will be made for its renewal.
3-wtm. DAVID OUTLAW.
f ost CorMnratc of Stu:li. Th. imuVr-
X.J signed has lost the following C-'i titicate, No,
li'Jt So!0. issu'tl to T. N.Cooper, Kalrigh,
tbitetl July 2'.Uh lStl3. and assigned over to Sanrl
lnrtin. I.very person i forbidden o purchase
th' same, asapplicaioii will be made for -its renew
al. SAM'l, M AUT IN.
4 Gw Sal.Mii, N.
rORTH CAUOI.JNA. Superior Court or Law
IX Lk sou: CoLNrv: ) Full Term 1G3.
John JI. .Jackson and Itob't i. Vause
Moses Patterson.
Original Attachment Levi- d on one Town Lot in
the iown of Kinston.
In this case, it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper published in Mie State, for
six weeks, notifying th? defendant, that unless he
appear within the time prescribed by Jaw, re
plevies and pleads, judgment bv default will b?
entered against bim. and the lot levied on will be
sola to satisfv tin plaintiff account.
Witness, Justus ivinsey. Clerk of said Court, at
oflice at Kinston, tin third Monday alter t he fourth
Mondav of September, lst3. l.-Mi.d 23J dav of
Februarv, 184.
5-v6 1 " JUST U S K I X S E V, C. S . C.
North Carolina. ) Superior Court of Law,
Wakren Cduntv. f' Fall Term, 1803.
John V. Cawthorn, Executor of Henry Catvthorn.
v .
Daniel Bowden Original attachment levied on
Land
In tin case it is dnlered that publication b
made in a newspaper published in the cit of
Ilaleigh, for six 'weeks, notifying th'j defendant,
that unles? hapjiear within the time proscribed
by law, and replevies and pleads, judgment bv de
fault will be entered against him, and the land
levied on will b condemn-, d to satisfy the plaintifl's
recovery.
Witness, IJenjamin E. Cook, Ciri of said Court
at ollice in Warrenton, th'.-third M iaJ.iv after thu
fourth Monday of September, l'V.i,
1JE.WI. E. COOK, C. S. C.
Issued 13th day of February, lsC4. o-Ga-.
Court of Equity for Wake County,
Spuing Term, 18(31.
Geen IIij;h
The Heirs of Hudson High, dee'd, and others
Petition for sale of land :
j It appearing that, the defendants in this cau?e,
j towitt Leonidas High, s'-nd Jlarl'jif, his sister,
J and her husb n j, (if she bo married) are non-resi-i
dents of the State, advertisement is hereby made
! for said defendants to appear at the next term of
! said Court, on the First Monday after the f.urth
j Monday of March next, at the Courthouse in Ral
! eighto plead, answer or demur to the plaintiff"
pet' lion.
i Witness. It. (J. L3wi- Cb-rk ami Master in K.pii
! ty for 'Vake cjniuty, af oQii'- in Raleigh, this 17th
' day of Febranry, A. I). lSt. an i in the year of
J Amcrieau Indei-en deuce tlie SSrh.
! -wOt R. G. LEWIS, C. M-. E.
QTATE OF X0UTH CAK0LI.VA,
: Kj Waisken CoLrv,
; c o un t o f e fj u i rr
. -Tohn Harrison Hawkins, an infant under the
of twenty-one years, by James A. Egertou, his
guardian and next friend, Charles M. Cook and
Jwhn E. Miller, executors of the last will and tc
.tameiit of Winifred W. Hawkins, deceased, .and
: Jane B. Miller,
Benjamin E. Cook, executor of John H. Hawkins,
deceased, John H. hle.ning, Jane Waiker, (for
merly pmearv,) B.-iijiniin E. (amk and Sallv II
Cook, Ins wite. Jt.hu ii. Kimball, of the State of
Tennessee, Farm v II. Kimball, f the said State of
n.-iuir.-:et, auu .uutv i ow er ta me ,-siaic oi ;.n
tsMppi. .
ic appearing iroru-tn i amoavit niei in tne ollice
of the said Court, that John IL Kimball. Fanny H.
Kimball and Nancy Power, thr' of the defendants
in tijis cause, reside bir.d the limits of this
State, it H therefore ordered that jaublicat ion be
made in the Raleigh Confederate, nr six weeks,
notifying the paid defendants of the filing of this
idll, and that"unless thy appear at the next terra
of said Court, to be held at the Court House in
Warrenton; on theThird Monday after the Fourth
Monday of March next, and plead, answer or de
mur to thf said biff, the s.imo will be taken .n con
fessed and heard txparte as to them. Witness.
ten uu bv some unpniiCiplea lannce, .tiiicii .
purports" to be an official report from Secre- rpiIK C'flOGKrtAPIfAL UEADKU, h M
tarv Mallorv of the Navy Department, to the ; jut publish.. Ihis i-the only (;..,' j';
iary .'it.i iy, ui i iim J l published in th CmiMeracv, and is to i. (, ,., ' " ,
Speaker of the liaise of Represcr.tata e.s Ihe v. :l cmmon SchiV)l StM,g,.a,,by. S,rH h ' v 1
name uf '-Balwck" is snbstittlt-d f r that of , order oon. Price S2.UJ 0ar
Charles M. Cook, Cl-ik and Mast;r of faid Court., ; iVcd at thi ollice until the 2Mb int for the
at o.hce in arrenton. the Ihird Monday after ; manufacture of Oil frofl4 the Tithe Pea Nut.',
the rourth Mondav ot September lbG3. . ! . Proposals must state the price wer gallon for tU
ISu.i lsfday of rebruarv, l:6 I oil pro bic-l, ai tho (JoVerntncot uill revive
"jt L- M ' l)). C. M. E. the toU produce cf oil as well ai oilcake.
MACHINIST WANTED. 20-datAW3t Mai! And citf gVM.
WANTED, a good Machinist 1 1 take charge , JZt Wilmington Journal. Favetteville Ohsi!
of a Steam Saw and irit Mill. To one j ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersburg Ilfjiistci''
thst will come we'd recommended a to sobriety, : copy 3 time and send bill to Mai. Peii ce.
ilia isiry anu SKiu, a lioerai price will oe paid.
Address,
Dr. ;i:o. C. SlGG.
. J
"2-d2tiw3f
oymi'j Depot, WiLeu, Co., N. C.
ST.W PUBMCATIOXS, BY BKAXS3V . 1
ut I
lilUB.
TAB JACK MOllO.VN ROXGSTKil, nrw"..
press, will be readv pnon. Price 75 et. 11
j. . VOftK'S.EXOLl-ll i U AM M A Hthirl .V
; j a . 'ut!,v
11 1.1 A. .Ill & I?
. Vvici, o0
J THE DIXIE PRIMEll one of the clu-nr.,
I and best book for clr.ldron, has gotu thrnUWt;
' i - i:.n... i:. . .. i.i-s
ha-rircd, $'io,00, -'" r
THE FIKST DIXIE READK M now r?n 1-
Mrs. M. If. Moore, author of the senos. p p.",
cents. ' 'i
THE DIXIE SPELLING BOOK is i. w :.
press, and will be readv as soon as possibh. p,- '
1, SO.
HESi'EIl AND OTHER P0KMS, by TV,
II. Hill second edition nearly exhausted. s'a'i
n to r oril Ti. PrifM ' "
"MYUTLE LEAVES, now in pres?, shl pe
issued as soon at pos$ibl und r the ch cum-tanc.
It will hi a ptpuiar book. Price $'.' OJ
M OK YEN AD LINDA, pv i?'r. w
Mangurn. Ib-autitul and go id." Pi jct. i o '
FitlSL' BOOK IN COMPOinovr udn
a number of pleasant writing exercise.. ' ,,. r !v
book ot th? kind pub!ish.-a ia th Corfe.Uvw
IHSTOlllCAL SC1UPTEUE tiCF. STlONS-..
suited to Sabbath Scho -Is, and to sobli-m in e t
the bes book of the sort yet publi.-h d. Pi ic:,
cetrts.
The usual dedactioH? ia.id to the trade.
X. U. Those ordering book to be sent ter raii'
must send 10 cents extra on eatli dollar t'ouf
po.-ta ge. UiiA.N'SO.N' f- F.VIl'iA ii.
fialeigh, March IC. 1 Sl. inh 1C 7 n"
SOITIIKILV i'liJLRATIOXS OX II V . rJ.
rilHE Rival Adaiinistrationj,
J. Scriptural Views of National Tiialj,
The Bohemian,
The Seigf )f Vickiburj,
Ilunter'ti Pi.wo Fort Instruction,
Wan en's Surgery
Gilliam's Manual,
Si r.)
3 .4
1 o
2 i)
S e
5 j
s i a
i i
ti
j
I o
i ;
l ,j
1 o)
I "
A Ml
'2 c
)
l ;,.)
.-I
r.o
- V
Ti
i i I
''I
1 .',:)
j'i
'..I
.'.
A' tuv It Mila.tioa.
lolutious of the Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Ydluutecr'!' Field and Camp book, '
Napoleons Maxi.n? of War,
Cavalry ih ill, by I'atteu,
1 ay ni t Exercise and Skirmish Brill,
The Volunteer's Hani-book,
School of the Guides,
Second Year of the War,
Yoi k's English Grammar,
Smith's English Grammar, revised,
Our Own-Speller,
Th.;-Dixie Primer. Pictorial,
The Confederate Pt later,
Our Own Primer,
Southern ..M ethodist Primer,
First Book in Co.uposiou,
Our Own First Kead.'r,.
The First Dixie Header,
Bingham's Lai iu Grammar,
Geographical Reader with Map
Hill'. Poems,
ihe Guerillas, Diilogaes,
Wesleyan Catechinn, No. 1,
Wesley an Catechism, No 2,
Capers' Catechism,
Sermon Catechism, by Wood,
Historical Scripture Question,
Sunday School Bell,
Biblical Catechism, bv Kans lell
The Battk of the Bards,
Campaign from Texas; to Maryland,
Lt;s Miserable.' Fantint,
" - CorseMe,
" Muriu-,
" " St. D mui is,
Jeaa Valj 'an. di vol.
Bonnie Ifiue Flag,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Lady Audhn ' Secret,
The' Camp Jester,
Morgan an 1 Hi Men, 2nd Edition,
Rob if and Harald, A Romano,
Neeley's Diseourses,
RomaiAie Passages inS. W. History,
Southern Litciary .Mfsseyger,
The Age A New' Monthly,
Field and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantic Eay,
Soldier Boy Songster,
N. B. Those ordering books bv mat
Wayne County, AorniCaroHri
Court of Pleas and Quarter Sv-ssions, Fehru.t'
Term, IsCl.
Cenith Jones, )
r.
Heirs at law of Benl
i
( Petition for Dower.
Jiiiip, dec tl
IT uf pearing to the ?M inaction of the Court
that John-dones anl Jesse Jones, tVo el !.
defetulants in this fausc, are beyond the limits f
the State. It is therefore ordered by the ( ' ai t
that advertisement be made for six week se( -sivelv
in the Weekly Confederate, a iew m.,i;, t
published in the city of Raleigh. ioitir in'g th
said defendants of the filing of this petition, ar. I
that unless thv appear and answer the p-titi"n,
the same will be taken jro cone.o Mint fe art
parte as to them. Witness, 'S. II. D-iumrl;,
Clerk of said Court, at cilice, in Gold-h..r., tl.i
3rd Monthly cf Februarv, A. D. li;4.
. 5-wCw. S. H. DENMAKK, Ch ile.
T O liT 'd C A ROLINA.) Superior Court .f h i
x Halifax Cot ntv. Fall Tona ltti'b
JHuiel and Hei vey
r.
Tho'us N. Rowlins
Original attachment levied on lai.f.
In this ease it is ordered OTat publication betna '
in a newspjijifr published in the city of Kahdi, t r
six weeks, noticing the defeiid.mt. that unh'.. !.;
appear vilhin the tiiee prescribed bv law, and re
plevies and pleads, judgment wid be orde; 1
against him and the land kried on, will he sj. 1
tosatid'y the laintill's debt.
NViti.-ss, James M. Grizzaid, Cletk of ai 1
Court, at otiice in Halifax town. ih fourth Moii lit
after the fourth Monday iu jfvptemb-r 1?J.
IssowLIst March, IStit.
C wBtr - JAS. M. GRIZZAKD, C. S. C.
iortli Carolina, c--urt of v.y,
Wauukx County, j Term, DrO-').
lfinnn si.jmL.. .. r,a v ij wit'... N.T
. ii p iiiii . , A i ..il in- ....... - - -
(Jreen and Lucy N. hi 4 w ife, Juhn IL Mun hv at. 1
Caroline M. his wife, Thomas P. Alston, W lib a a
W. Alston nl Frederick Mc William.
Benjariiln A. La vender. Win. Teel and Fl
his w ile, Lenj A. Laveiler, Jr., Eliza Ami V' '
di i, Jod Luptou and James White.
In this ca-e it i ordered that public.iti 'ndi
made in a newspaper publisl.ed in the citv of.
R'aleih, N. C, as to the non-resident d-dViidan;',
to wit: Eliza Ann Boddie, Joel Luptou and Jan:0
Whitf, for six weeks, u ;tifying th -in of tie tiiit i
of this bill, and that unless "thev appear at the next,
term of this C urt, to be held at th C'urt II u-'
in Warrenton, on. the third Monlay alttrr t!
fourth Monday of March, A. D. 1m;4, and pl-a h
answer or demur thereto, the same will bj tJKva
- as coniesseu, ami lieard txixirtt as to tn :n.
I W itness, Charles M. (?..(Jc, C
Clerk and Ma-t.ref
a id Court, at otiice iff Warrvnton, the third !' --
clay alter the fourth Mondav ot September. 1 '
C. A. COOK, C M. K.
Issued 13th day of Fubruary, IHGS. C-v.
17-or Sale. One nexro boy about thirty
. years ot age in good health; an excelled
team?t(r. carriage driver, and woilt hand.
Apply to J. M. LITTLE,
feb. 3, lbtj t-10 dtw-w4t. . Lexington, N
Ofilcc otChtrr QtiartermJistrr, Kalclht
J-ebruary 17th 10L Proposal will be rc-
13L.WKS
KSeciitcd with ueatuc.-s aml.M'atth at TH'
OF FIC I..