rl LIE COMITATE.
A. M. fcGIIHAS fc to., rrriftars.
12
THE CONFEDERATE,
ADVERTISING.
ADVERTISEMENTS will We inserted at Tissej
sollass per ae.sare ef tea Uses (er leas) fer each
issertioa. If arriage aetices aad sbitsarlas will be
ebargedas advertisemestt.
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK f everr description will be ex
TERMS :
pAiLY EDITION, for6 months.. S0
3 u
it 1 " 10
TRl-WSEKLY, ferC raenths.
tt it i a la
If LEKLT EDITION, far ( months 20
. Xofaocrintiouwill be received on any other
terms than the above, nor lor a longer or shorter
j
D
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1865.
NO. 43.
eeated at this OSice with dinpttea, end as neatlv
as cas ba done anywhere ia the Southern Cea
ederaev.
ion.
m
Rffonttniction will not Do.
Notwithstanding the readiness with which
two papers of this city seem to accept tbe
terms wLhh report says, was prouauks'H to i
the gaping crowds ef Richmond, by ilr. j
Tilair, to wit, "reconstruction upon terms j
miy propose, &'c," (hich by tbe way w j
believe te be all gas.) wc cannot bring onr-
selves to the belief, tht the great, ptii"t t ;
heart of the Southern-opls will vibrate iny
Btick dLcordint n:e U entirely frrda j
to trp,!
pi
.1' if
'uv-d i .
r.g ci.eriJi- -1 -'i'liey
"t ' '.i
and ff:' rro-1 o d
sr. this st't;;: :; f?
; t c.f .! .v. tv to rn und
r:-i;r.t
r. fliy tbt b'e.-sed booa
. .; -. bequeathed to thtm ty rcvo- ;
i: r : ' - :r, whoe lessons of lf govern
- : ' taught amid the blaze of a bloody
ii-;-! ?itin7 in. their reins the blood of
i i ancestors, and emulating Vheir j
. j; .x i r.-M resviTe, our i'e'ju: ui
to terms t at would degrade
t i ? i i i
; . j f that ancettry.
'i i. made in .'ependince the great
.... i iiieir struggle, and they tchiev-
; . .L-.i.-i purpose. ; the Lerecs of this
v- il not be fcatisBed wi'h less than
i-' - achieved. Independence tbey
-pendente they will have, re
: - .roakcriS und -grun.blir.gs, an 1 the
d:-p-...i on the part of Pon:8 to re-ucite
with the- oid Government. Tbey will not be
bood-wiidc d tier c j"!.d into a cessation of
tostiiitkti f 1 ng a the foot nf the ettc-rrsy
paliutei ti.;ir toil, and the desp .iier continues
to lay wrf-ie their fertile fields uni destroy
their boint.
In this matter, tho poldicrs have already
b"tt:i to f-petf, and their united and uuani
n;ouri Tuice is for war war until the haughty
dtrij ot and rut.lei f e shJI become willing
to ali . w the O n'ed.'rate States of America to
rule the destinies of their own ptopta. For
It. i ti ey lave fought through lour lo; g years.
F'.r this tl ey hinvo toilfd and marched, until
they hart- wt-ii i.ih wcrii tbcmselv..s doivn ;
r.t d n r this ti ey are still'striving, hile croa
kers at boriu are pla'.ninr tnd ; to cir
cinnTrnt their nobUvpui jos
Will they stuc d? Ar ! j-;t certain
35 the sun hiriC. The iwn'. is
earnest in this inatier, e- ' .-h;- f.Lt
t':-.-ril!' in
- it i.
or tho-e n;fn, who, fur y
betwtpn tho S'.-idur h: -I '.
dopi derce for which : . 1.
.-alid
n 01 ln-
.u-n so long
Thk Feklino in N'Kfr Carolina. A
majority oi i! e rf s -t ? r:i Ctrbna in
t ljtj ( rini: f-r tale -convfeniioo. Auymta
Chrohilde if- S-u ind.
Not an ajurU. The Standard and Vo
yrct, are rr.akir r all tier clamor that is being
n.ade in Nor h Ceiulina, while, there are at
Ic-f-t a d-z n p-iliticl papers in the State,
tht are-ppe?el to a csnver.tioa. On the
quetion of a cu rtr.tijn, the people tt md jt l
where they did at ti e'Jast August eicuon, when
they rejudiattd both the btd:by, -conTen-ticn,"
ar:d its ritler, in voting for Governor.
We titidfcistaud from a gettlemsn '.?ho
cam down on the terr train yesterday
from Morgartcn.says the Watchman, that th' ;o ;
are between two and thre hundred iorics ?l1 i
de.-erters armed and orgamz ?d, in th? ceig!.'- j
borhood of Fi.."ni-nt Stings, X. C. They
are said to have be-i r-scrribled t j tperate
with Kirk, who is re r?d to l ave 5.-.:rc'-cd.
wit 11 : -i:
Vi.r
b f ir r
g -a r.
i . ; g e
ircn. 11.
e foiceof c.-'Jl'v and ictnl-v.
,!.efee, in tt-V .": ction.
hy er iwl
r. Late snd ri
:ia-
:i 'ti M frou lnte.see, soy :lr.f An
-titutiowalist, is to ths tf-lthat'
I rtion of the men who straggled
army during his late retreat, are
Wr t!..?ir way out of Tencessee in large
Xir. v An effierr of high rank, whd1 cam
nts-er since Ilea's armv crossed
assn;es i s that on all sides of Lis
.. he ceuid hear ef stragglers who
xrs; c'othii g, shoes, etc., fot the
. ir, at:d that I ut few, if any of
. t ever belonged to the army,
th i
hv:
:o.v
.. ef remaining in the Yankee lines.!
F lt j i ed i im on his way cut, and all alung
t',f r.- U e .u;d hear ef numbers who iere
Ikui t ve towards the army.
F.-ren:; rnlitinut have got to be in the
wort v r iu Europe, and that aaurce cf sup
ply f the jankee array may be said to have
pretty tbcrougblj dried up. Negro soldiers
are now at u imnienee premium tt the North,
and ytt they are obtained with the greatest
ciffieulty. A correspondent of tbt 'Examiner"
writes: "I hw a negro here, who had escaped j
fria RichcicnJ, nd whom I had known in a
Maia street restaurant; and he told me that
he had no scorer put his foot on tb passenger
bat, which runs from Vrina to Waakicgtn,
thai he was taktu held of by a pack of bounty
agents, and that ne Massachusetts man offered
if he would g9 to Boston, and enbst as hit eub
asitnte, te give him f 000 cash outsiJ ef tbo
bouoty. M ' coull'nt see it. Ths 'gmart
ntgroeado net enlist. Gereral Butler UlJ
nae that he hsd sixty th..u'.d t,:th in hi
department, (nia of tbem re f--i r tiK on
th people cf Norfolk ard P,.--a v, ;.rd he
has b?fTi recruitii.g the Scrubs ftu: ihcu fr :
inaoy cacaths p est."
Separate Sklc Action.
The House of Delegates of Virginia unani
incus'y adopted a eertes cf resrlutiocs, a few
days agu, tipreBsitg a determination to prose
cute the war, until an honorable peace, resuli
lag in our iodependttfea, could be secured.
Tka But-joined concluJea the series-:
That the Confederate Government which is
centre 5 rd organ of oorc cited excrtioxs ia war,
has b?en also entrusted with thepower of con
cluding peace by the Constitution which binds
Ihrfe Statts tr gather ; and this Common, ealth,
belit-virg that this trust L.s b;en wisely reposed
for the cotawen btr-tfit. do not desire either
to withdraw tJ.e r.rhcrit.r which i h 3 hzu dele
gate! by a?! IUk iy-tit.?-. for their cornrhnr. b:t ty,
or t- enib:wr ' y irreg'f! .r pruCf dings, tf e
('fifidfiaTe G-.v rniorni in its delicate ani
lirTscult tu'v of c'xxi:. g pece; n'l that
Tiy prop-f itn a tr- m tie e.eiy fo acy of the
States c.f the Confederacy to treat for asep '.raie
peace, is, in the lanuago of ""thi? General as
rtrubly in 1782, inidir u3 inl iaadmisiable."
The unity both iu presenting, the war and in
concluding a peace, is absolutely essential to
our pafetv, arid c;in be obtained aDd preserved
only by firm .ndberence to the constitutional
authority established by the States, and that
this General Assembly will not listen to any
proposition, nor sutler any negotiation incon
sistent with their Confederate faith and honor."
Such resolutions as the above, clearly ir.eli
cate that VirfjinU ic ail right, and every ether
State in the Confederacy should itiiitateacd
follow her bright example.
These resolutiot s embody the spirit tbat
actuated the immense hosts ef heroic and
chiealrcus officers, and brave, glorious and
patriotic soloiers, whose lives have been
yielded up for the Sjuch on her many bloody
battie-Celda.
Let glorious old North Carolina whose
deeds of valor have been illufetr.kted upon
evcy battle field, and whose ncble sons have
stuod shoulder to shoulder, with Virginians
from Bethel to the siege of Iiichmend naw,
in this hour of petil, sand by the Old Do
minion and the star of Texas ; frown down
ali dastardly croakers,; be united and detir
mined, and we shall be free.
Another Renegade. The Augusta Hfcj
isfer says that G. B. La.nar, who was at one
time President of the Bank of' the R-rublic
in N. Y. and subsequently President of the
b irk of Commerce in Savannah, and one of
the. largest cotton holders in the Confederacy,
has taken the oath f f allpgiance to the Yan-H
kee GoverniruMit. The ChaiffSton Murcury
supposes he did so to save his cotton, and adds
that le has addrced a letter to a gentleman
in that city, inf rming him of his treachery,
and advising" him to do likewise as soon us
opportunity offers.
And of such are the kingdom "or secessia.
Many of them ar going the same way, and
whenever they arer pressed and promised sfe
ty for their own Decks they are ready lo ttke
the oath. Lamar is but a lair 'specimen of
the original secessionists that helped get up
this war. Ed. Pju -gres.s.
To which list we vtitl acid the name of one
of "our northern brcethren" Maj. W. J.
Vestal formerly connected with the Progress.
Resolutions recommending tbat a bounty of
one nfgro and fi-fty acres of land be paid to
soldiers. Introduced before the Senate, by Mr.
Eliia cf Columbus county.
Wiiebeas, it becomes the people, of the Con
federate States of America to employ ali their
means and res-.'urccs in maintaining tLe present
wnr with the United States, for the purpose of
bringing the same to a successful termination,
by procuring the iodeptodence and separate
nationality of said Confederate States; and,
whereas, the means witfcin the possession of
our people are amply sufficient for such pur
pose if wisely and judiciously tin ployed ; and,
whereas, it becomts us to maintain and per petu
ate the institution of negro slayery, therefore
Jirsolecd, That The pe pic of Noith Carotina,
jn-tiy proud cf the 'gat!a.iry of fur g. Idlers,
and desirous rf s.-t -leg t-il who enlist iu the
cau-e cf F: -Tti.en; i.depcaJence, adqua?fly
rcwaru a, so iar h pogst.-; r3 WiiUi.g ana
do rccrii'nfr.ti to lc-t sisttr ( 'oulederate States,
and to the ger.erai g.verntue..t o:" the sam', tut
a bouuty of one ut-gr.j o: the average value' of
negroes and fifty' aores oi laud bo paid in kind,
to each soldier who has, or i: enlist in the
armies cf the. Confederate States, and who was
not a slave owner at the time of such enlistment,
who shsiH serve through the wur and be hono
rably discharged.
fiesofced, That a like bounty ought to be
paid to the next of kin or representatives of
all such soldiers, who have, or may be killed,
or die, while iu the serTice of the Confederate
Slates.
Resolved, That; we recommend to the Con
grpsi .f the Confederate States, that si:ch le
gis'ation, as may be necessary to put in ope
ration and efeict the prh-cdpies set forth in
these resolutions ought to be adopted.
-Jitsolced, Tbat His Excellency Gov. Vacc',
be rtq?:ey?rd to tratisn it a c'py of these reso
lutions to Prts:dent Davis, to the Governors
of each of trie Confederate States, and- to ow
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Female Guerrilla. The Louisville Tress .
makes meDtiou tf a now character, cow upon '
the military boards in the State of Kentucky by i
the r.ame of, Sue Musdt, a female guerilla,
whose recent exploit was the capture arrd murder
of two Federal officers, at the boase of a Mrs.
Grigsby near Bardatown. Sue was at the head
of a squad of thirteen very ugly looking cus
tomers, and her exploits had so disturbed the
equilibrium of thff Yankee General at Birds
town, that he sent out scouting parties in all
direetions, w;th instructions to kill ail guerillas
captured.
Rev. John S. Hartis, who died recently at
Gntbriesviile, g. C-, bequeathed bis library,
wiich Was of cors derable extent and value, ex
ce; t uch v.-Mumes as bib widow mry select atd
retain, to Davidson College, N. C, cf vrhiciin
aiiiuxion r.e w&3 a rraaimte.
Proclamation.
PROCLAMATION BY THE PRESIDENT,
APPOINTING A DAY. OF ASTING,
HUMILIATION AND PRAYER, WITII
THANKSGIVING.
.The Congress of the Confederate States
have, by a joint resolution, invited me to ap
point a day of public fasting, humiliation and
prayer, with thanksgiving to Almihtv God.
- It is our Rrdemn duty, at all timei, and
nvre especially in a season of public trial and
adversity, to acknowledge our impendence on
His mercy, a; d to bow in humble ' gubrnis
sian before His footstool, confessing our mani
fold sics, supplicating His gracious pardon,
irrijjlorirji fits- DUino help, and devoutly ren
- tiering th.-irsks ?o- '.ho- many and greatblass -inw
which He h?. vcuchsafe-d to U.S.
Let the hearts of our people tnru c'-ntritely
and trustfttUy unto'" God; let us recognise in
liisehasterd'.g band ths correction of a Fath
er, and s.-brniveiy pray that tho trials and
sutT-rir.s whir.h have so long b:-rn heavily
upon us, may be turned away by his merciful
love; thit Ilk sustaining grace be giveto
our people, and Hisdi vine wis ii m -imparted
to our rulers; that the Lord of Hosts will be
with our armies and fight f r us against nur
enemies ; and that He will graciously take our
cause into His own hand and mercifully
establish for us a lasting, just and honorable
peace and independence.
And let us not forget to render unto His
holy name the thanks and prai? which are
so jus-ly due for His great goodness, an(j for
the many mercies which He has extended to
us amid the trials and sufferings of protracted
and bloody war.
Now, therefore, I Jefferson Davis, Presi
dent of the Confederate States of America,
do issue this, my proclamation, appointing
Friday, the tenth day of March next, as a
day of public fasting-, humiliation and prayer
(with thanksgiving,) for "invoking the favor
and guidance of Almighty God;" and I' do
earnestly invite all soldiers and citizens to
observe the same in a spirit of reverence, pen
itence and prajer.
( Given under my band and the
n s K seal of. the Confederate States, at
I -v ' j Richmond, this 26th day of Janii
arjr, in the year of cur Lord, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-five.
Jefferson Davie.
By thrfPjfsident: :
J. P. Benjamin,'
Secretary of State.
The Confederacy Abroad-
Capt. Seromes, who commanded the Con
federate cruiser Alabama, having returned to
his homo in M bile, made . a speech in that
city recently in response lo a serenade, in
which he said:
"1 bring you .good news from across the
watr, too. The whole world is looking on
you with admiration and wonder. " There all
kuow and feel and sympathize with your un
exampled achievements. They have seen
you witi oot an army, without a navy, with'
out resources, devel .p and organize and pro
duce them ,and win victories that excite the
warmest feelings in your favor and com
mand the highest respect for you And well
may this lx. You are making history that
will emblazon the highest pages of her vol
umes. Ordinarily, a man is born, he mar
ries and hn dies, and there is and end of hiry.
I thank God to have found my lot cast with
yours in these days of imperishable glory.
. You and your dead will live forever, and if
I-havedont ray duty, I shall share that illna-
trious fate with you. I could desire no high-
er honor." "
In regard to the operations and effects of
our cruisers cu the ocean, Captain Semmes
said :
"I have, indeed, had command of two or
three small ships, and have done the best I
could with them in support of this lerolution,
which still shakes our land from centre to ex
tremity. One effect which has been produced
by them is thst of making it a rare thing
'now to see the tg of cur enemy floating on
t'e wa'ers of even the most distant peas. :
Their carrying trad has been crippled, if not
annihilated, and their vessels passed over to
English an I French holders. Another eft-.ct
is that our fl?, has beeu carried with honor
and received with respect over nearly the
whole worid. 1 have carried it o?er tr.res
f, u'fhs of tho globe, and even acov-g pfcple
in Africa, vbote very existence is t:f little
known : and nowhere have I kt i wr it received
with any rhii:tr v but respect. This is some
contribution to the caure of --ur country. yI
desire n -tbing ra -re than that it may be clas
sed with those c f yourselves ard others who
have endeavored to do their duty."
The Spirit of the Pecfli: of Georgia.
If we were to take the sentiine.'tti ef tj e croak
ers and -snbmissionists as a fair index of the
spirit of the reople of Georgia. vebon!d de
pair of the Conftderacy. But it is not tue
that Gror.fiais njady to b2ad herknee be fire
the throne of Abraham tne Firbt, (certainly,
he is no lejitimate succe-iaor to the other
Abraham, howa9 a slave owner.) A very
few men, and we are sorry to add, wrvFicn, are
ready to go bag ek bund bajjage to the b-,som
of Abraham the First. Trey are frightened.
They, never had any confidence in the cause,
and are now convinced tbat our Confederacy
must go under because Sherman has gone
through Georgia unmolested . But we deny
that the opiniers of these litoid. people, are
the opinions of the pj ople of Georgia. As a
State, Georgia is as true, and as devoted to
the principles for which the war was inaugu
rated, as she ever was at any period of its pro
gress. She does not, and will not, forsake
the cause, so long as the great principles foT
which she enteretr"into the compact are made
the rule of action, by ffee Government her
people ate sworn to support. Confederate
Union.
In the order recently isaaed by. Geneial D.
H. Hill, tor the removal o-!! non-combatants
from'the city of Aagusta,- General sas :
" In the clas-s of non-ccta Ha rants' are iDcln
ded allycung gentlemen who have no relib
for the trenches. These are exhorted to leave
at or ce under escort of the old ladies."
The falloirg, frci tb-2 Augusta Register,
presents a lively picture cf the way personal
wrongs are redresse ! on th streets of tht
city.
Rowdyistn is getting bold faced in this city.
On yesterday we saw n. drunken wretch draw a
pistoj and Sre twice at a drayman because the
latter said he had net tine to stop and haul
hira over a mud hle which he could hav
walked around." lie subspqueatly fired bis pis
tol at au Irishmm who wasatanding is a crowd
of women. By accident no ace'dent occurred.
It is no uncommon thing for drunken vagabonds
to fire their weapons about the 6treeta, and we
have noticed that the city authorities are so
very civil that they never once molest them.
-. . '
The Selroa Despatch speaking of the pub
lic acts cf President Davis says :
Tbt he is actuated by the hijhwt mo
tives and sincere convictions w do nt dcabt,
and being t convinced we feel tbat duty cal'a
upon us all to lead him aid in the great re
sponsibilities which the people imposed oprn
him v-hen they elected him Chief Magistrate
of tbe-nation. Such is our humble view of
duty to the man 3nd tl cause.
' -
s P.om CharlcsUi.
The Courier of the 30th says:
Nothing has occurred since our last report
to disturb the ssual quiet in cur harbor.
Ou Saturday niyht a party of Yankees lan-'
del on Little Britain Island, near Legare's,
but were driven off. The Yankee gUBboats
.were reported lying clcjse in to White, Pint
Sunday, while a river steamer was engaged
in sounding the entrance-to Dakoo river. "
On the coast below our lines the enr my are
reported burning all the country residences
on their route, arH destroying everything as
they go. During last 'week tbey carried off
forty of Mr. Blake's negroes.
A dispatch from Georgetown Saturday re
ports that the Yankee fleet off that harbor
had increased.
From the Rad The enemy on trie West
side of the Savannah river at last accounts
werefreported moviug in two columns o.i all
the. roads leading to Augusta. They had
reache.i Springfield Saturday. No Yankee
gunboats were reported at Sister's Ferry Sat
urday. '
A dispatch received Sunday, dated Janua
ry 28tb, says: "Our scouts report the euemj'a
infantry camped near Ennis, Cross Roads.
This force had their trains with them. It
was not known which way tbey would march,
as the force and wagODS were moving in
feoih directions."
A reconnoitering party of the enemy ap
peared within four pules of Rubertsville, ii.
C, Saturday morning. - -
It is generally believed that Sherman has
commeueed a movement onB ranchville.
The Exemption Bill.
The Richmond Senrintl, in reply t an in
quiry, as to tho proper construction of the
bill, as it passed the House of Represent
ttives, makes the following explanation:
The exemption bill refsned to by our cor
respondent, does not repeal or modify Hie ex
isting law on the subject of exemptions, ex
cept in three particulars : First, it repeals the
fifteen ne-ro" exemption.. Secondly, it abol
ishes all exemptions and details granted by
the President or Secretary of War to persons
under forty years of age, except light duty
men and aruzms, mechanics and scientific
men employ 'i by nr working for the Govern
ment. Tiduiiv, it restricts the exemption of
mail contrac or &ml drivers to contractors
prtsonalhj en-j-.tgc.d in executing existing con
tracts. Therm cf -the present exemption'
law remains in tull force.
It niay be proper to explain, as to the sec
ond head of the Hill, that it applies only to
what the public know ay "details," although
'exemptions' ar.1 mentioned. But these are
the exemptions which the existing law au
thorizes the President or Secretary of War
to grant, not those which are granted by law,
such a those of public officers, preachers,
teachers, &c. It is understood tbat the Pres
ident and Secretary of War have not been in
the habit of granting exemptions. J They
have made details. The bill revokes both,
and prohibits both for the future, except as
before explained.
The bill requires the bonds of exempted
and detailed men when they are called into
service t) be united in proportion to the time
they may lose of thejj exeinpiion or detail for
a year.
The Soloifrs. Our soldiers are the noblest
in the world ! ;Ve said on ystrday tbt the
raaior part of the worth, intelligence and na
tiiotisui, as well as the coutag, of The country
was in the army. If any one needs evidence,
lt hira listen to the voices that are now com
ing up from our heroes. Ou yesterday wt
publi.-be'd the proceedings of the 38th Virginia
regi.nent. To day we present the resolve of
the Texas aild Arkansas soldiers. SuuiUr.re
solutions.hnve also been published from the
53d and 14t' Virginia regiments; and. Pic
kett's whole oivisou is said t be afire! There
is no traitorous i-t k of reconstruction or sub
mission in any' of these utterance ! There if
no cowwad 'trembling in what these soldiers saj !
Ou ihe contrary, there is that-which will in
spire the whole country .with a fresh ardor
Let us ali kindle anew our patriotism at these
firss which cur Seroee have lighted .up. Thej
have defied and withstood -our enemies, thej
are now sending out from the camp thele.'.
sees of patience aud good cheer and fortitude,
to animate the people a.t Lome. God blesf
these admirable aen Richmond Sentinel.
WMirpED AND DEMOBAL1ZKD, 3UT NOT
Scattered A. ldier of Bate's division, af
ter the cemrrand had r.nn two dys f:cm
Nashville had thrown away his gun und ac
coutrements and, alcne in he woods, gat
down - and comroOl thinking the first
chance he bad fier such at thing. Rolling Up
his sleeves .and hskii g tt his let s and general
physique, he thus gve fent to bis pheiicgsv
"I am wbipned, idly whippexl, arnd some
what demoralized ; hut no man can it; lam
scattered Echatigc.
Richmond has five banks, four railroad d
pots, three large hotels, hftt en churches, elt
en Masonic lodges, nine- Od!-F.Slow ledge
and fourteen newspaper aud periodicals, wit
a prospect of the fifteenth.
From the Richmond Seettoel.
Stale CenTeitiem.
Among the most mischievous in purpose
or dangerous in character, of the factious pro
positions of the present time, are the "calls for
State Conventions which are being wade in
several quarters. No occasion coald be mora
uhpTopitiona for obtaining a fair expression
rf the wifdom and the will of the people.
Ry very fr the m-jor pat of the ten? age,
the worth, the Intelligence, and the patriotism
of the c untry, is in the army. The duties of
the citizens who are thns eugatjel arc uch
as wculd prevent them from taking thrir ?p
prcpriate part in the oranimio or tb d s"
cussins of n Convention. The scheaie for
calling a Convention is practcall a scheme
for disfranchising those virtuous ar.d brave
men, and for placing tb? great sovereign eu
therity of the States in the hands of a portion
of tbe people, and of the portion that js lea'-t
to be trusted with its exercise.
Though scree true tren are entrapped in it,
it is essentialy a scheme of the extoi tioers,
the time severs, the tre nblere, the e wards,
and the disloyal, te get possesVion of the great
seal of state, the augost symbols ;and preroga
tives of sovereignty, tbat they may betray us to
the enemy while omr men are away. The ex
toitioner is anxious to save that "fortune"
which be has made out or tbe wr 1 The man f
property would give his liberty to save his gold.
The person who is whipped in spirit feels stirred
by spaniel instincts. The disloyal man, ever
watching for epportunity to betray his country,
hopes that this may bethe time. All these are
moving for a convention for the ohanoe It will
efford them of gaining power, by corruption,
artifice, activity and duplicity, and by a fraud
upon the popular sensibilities.
In tbe event of the success, the betmyal of
the Confederacy would .he their grand en
and immediate effort. The soldiers in the
field and the people at home, would be alike
racrificed to the interests jrnd aims of money
seekers, dastards and traitors in disguise.
The effort fur conventions, to which we arc
referring, are appropriately headed by th i
Augusta Chronicle. One would suppose if
its editor was anxious to recr.nnewt himself
to Abraham Lincoln, that the short and hon
est course would he simply to retrace his own
steps, and go back to that Connecticut which
be so recently left, lie had no part or re
sponsibility iu the secession of Georgia why
not leave her alone ! It is from that paper,
thus h)Ye..ted with all signs of systematic
treachery, that the call for a State Conven
tion, for motives no longer veiled, is constant
ly clamored. In North Carolina the call is
taken up by the notorious "Progress" and
"Standard," of Raleigh, and a contention for
tbat State is earnestly insUteu on, with the
gama ends in view.
The patriotic people of oiir country will
eschew and Saturn such treacherous leader
ship and sack tainted ass nations. Tbe ju
dicious and intelligent will see that this if a
luoSt unfavorable time for bedding sovereign
nouveution8. We know that the persons who
urge them will exclaim that we aro "afraid to
trust the people." But "the people," so far
as the soldieis are concerned, are away. It
would be unjust to them, as well as dangerous
to us all, to take severeign actios in their ab
sence. This convention movement is a con
spiracy of disloyal demagogue, got up solely
for the chance they suppose it may afford them
to betray the Confed racy. We certainly ar
unwilling to trust them ! We doubt not we
should be sold to Connecticut with the utra t
speed of steam and telegraph. We doubt not
Lincoln's heel would be placed on our neck ia
less than a week. These convention callers
have no object in view with which a loyal man
can sympathize, and our god citizens will
scarcely deem it wise to oblige conspirators
with cpporiuoities fer mischief.
BuYiNt Eoos. Our fiiend Jones was at
the Richmond Market the other day; ni
special object of pursuit was 4 fresh eg.'
After some little search he found tho dj .ir-il
article outfide. A Milesian lady, with a
basket full of eggs, awaited purchasers. .1 c "s
stepped' up to the Milean lady, examined ti;e
new trutt, and asked its price.
" ititeen dollars a dozen,
was the prompt
rrp'y.
" Isn't tbat rather high rna'sni ?'
s-igjeft:d
J ones.
' High? Divil a hit! Av you wor a bi i
Misiher Jones, wo'ddye be willir to lay igr
f r liss thin fifteen dollars a driin ? I ax ye
nowl" " v
Jones looked reflective for a moment, asd
then allowed the force' of the argument. I n
view of its effective'iess, Jones " bought out "
Milesia female and sent her home rejoicing.
Tre mother wit of the exotic frem the lnd of
shamrock wiil never crae.
Forrest's iNDoutTASLEEyr.RaT. Manny's
division, formerly Cheatham's, was sent to
Forrest, we sre told, to replace Bate's divi
sion at Murfreesboro. When Hood fell back
from Nashville, the troops at Merfreesboro
were in great danger of being cutoff; sut
Forrest, with that indomitable energy which
is characteristic of tbe mau, prseuivery
tbing rideable within his reach, and brought
off safely his own and Maney's comirani,
and.j"ined Hood's army at Columbia. .The
majority of Maney's men were ridingfxdmid
Forrest's bold troopers some rode mules
and many oxen. 'Twas said to. have been a
mot ludicrous cavalcade, as it marched through
Columbia. Ncbotly elie save Forrest could
have saved the men in that expeditious stle.
Montgomery "Advnrl iter.
The Misiftppian learns from an observant
fiiend, who had jast left the .front of Hood's
army, that the feeling among the soldiers is
unanimous fcr the return of General John
ston. Their .des'rres on this Eubjwt are'not
disguised. Indeed, Xe thinks Gen. Johnston
is the only officer who can restore the former
s plendid etf rtt du corji cf tbe army. If
Johnston takes the field over them, tbey will
agaiu go forth to battle fsil of confidence and
with tl best temper. "
Sherman seems resolved to obtain soma
sort of popularity in Savannah. He has just
put down whihkey to three cents a driuk and
bread at five cents a loaf.
The n;rdtr is out. Peoria drlnkine thst
'. kind of whukey ceuld net be expected to do
-! otherwise ttan "take the oath,? or sny nura-
berof osths. The bread ia a better idea.
rrlfsttwsosi Journal.
The Dis'tsc ef Dcpreuion.
The aSSve Ss the complaint from which eor
people a-e t ow mr.rt apt to SHfTer, and theeJ
fec's f wV5ch are tarsi lo be dreaded. If
wc can only maintain the firm undaunted
front with finch wo have so long confronted,
the enemy, tkcre-CAU be fetv feari of tho flctl
result.
To combat Ibis depression is the !uy c(
every patriot. To deuj iis existence rr i.T -norntiie
caus which have given rise toft
would be f!l v. nd w.re than folly.
We htee net Ith disaatia. We mar
meet with ntfre. Tt we still live Wewill
sdll live, survrye. flourish,, if we sr.ly bld
on. Things have rjot always been well anau
xged, tut in what state or country, or during
what period or a Re ef the world were thine
il'rays wrll managed ? If we are to aay that
tbe reuse is lost because we have met wi;b
disasters, or because thrrs has been occasions!
mUmsoagement, then w ouglt never to ha'
taken up the csuh at s'l. einre crtNioiisl dis
aster is incident all wars,' ami fnquenf
mlsmanasement is inaipr.ra',!e from hU tu
masafTajts, whether in wro' peA''.
Depend upon it. the enen-y d ies n t th'tdk st
meanly of our eouditloe at i"me of (ur ww
eroekera do ; sed thnt he d-.es not Kegins
already to be appr nt, aed sill scon be much
mor apparent, We ditlik most the ko d tf
croaking and depotteVney that eeroes from these
who are thereto stimulated by feats f r their
property, et-rcially property aecutou'fttfd while
the life blood of tbe nation hue bees psrisg
out like water while tb poer have been mds
destitute, and rjaoderute livers made worse tbaa
poor.
With tbe soldier in lb" fitdd tbe cse ia dif
ferent. He has indeed had a Icne and hard
eeigeofit. He has rrr.e labors and privati ut,
and still bear- tuera more cheerfully than he
home cronk'TS b?ar the pro?pct t f arti -g w tH
some of their .queerly got: wealth. But th.re
is a limit of huui i.i enJurunce, and the war
worn veteran sigh for the onjfvt t tf lioie and
the euj yment rt ycc, Beth, w horntly be
lieve, are neur nt ht d. an I they wd b4 the
sweeter and dear r hn ei.j-yd in her-sr aod
iadepen leuce. let u Ut'.l ioeg?rnnd the fal
will be wou. .Ve knww thnt bi t who Lve
nobly given their all to tie country will net
now sacrifice th reward of all th Ir 'aor by
atoppirg short of tbe object they art our to at
tain.' .That would be to be fle to themselves
to their past lites te their future year te
their ancestry, aod te their posterity.
They will not be thus false. They will
persevere to tho end. And if there be a re
source in the country it ought to be freely usd
for the support of the army. Ifther be a
nerve it ought to be fully rained in eff rte
to provide for the comfort and efticimcy of
our soldiers. Now, lrsj than evr lefore. or
perhaps ever ugain, ought there t be any
holding back of anything. Wh it we uiye
we give to aurselvcs. If tl e eniuy tales it,
betakes it forever, and uses it for oar destrux
tioa.
Men of thought men of speech men of
writing men of action all "mn who have
their country's interest at staks owe it to tat
country to c mbat this disease of depression
which id laying hold on the country, sod sap
ping the vitals f its power both at home and
in the army. Wil.jJoumal.
Fur tVs Confederate.
Camp Johkso.v' BainAnie,
January 23, loS.
To th
KIHw flf the Cu feds ft.
Ruleigh S'. n.
Sirs: P'iie give ioopt Itt ,ur colaratsa
f r the f ilivwing -!jort pirigraph,a prsns
a I us1 m.ty tv. bvx and many thiof,
by 't.
Titre a p'lhliea'h'.) to the effect th
certain S:irrr.u Oe:;r-cal (acting iu tkat i ffi
-r th: S:'e of N-tth C .rolioa) promises t.
ciiiver bcxr ? n ."k ies to thj e-'ldiers "f
h" army of
i? u n. l i-nv it, sua attv.f
41 1
id! -:
f v,!o rave,b,-ei in t! hWit d
h;x.n- or tiacLsce te their friends ia
a"t'iu;
1 t lie army, that, that is a vtv unsafe way ef
j f-erVing th thit gr., and tbtt ihey hrl bet
j t-t k-';i ihq thi;g ut horse 'an t ict
J i e'ii. fr the y nevr rteh the r datia't-iPt
t ii" they are dis)OS' d rJ, I no ko"w, bu,
1 d k ow that a verI hojes i-ve Kit n rit
for t'n'a e-'mmsr. 1 which hate never rer'SM
fi, ard it is hardly prnbible that ss
would le stolen ce.ry Mme. We are nldi:rs
in tlie arm? ; dej-rivd of the comforts ef
home, and when snyltdn? (ra ire pirtienlwrly
somethir.g gool t- eat) is t-ei f t us frons
home, w.e o nkt like to rave it iMt ap.ri per
haps stolen hv sfme "b' m r.d jo1 to
ths dangers a',d hardships f v,"4r. V iiVe
to receive boxes from l o?n , init, d ot want
thtm sent by such an ut ce rtain wa.
A SoMIKR IN TMK A. K. V.
FATAL CoM.I1 I K or SrCAMKRiSllfXISO
or tkr " ToRPi.ro ' A ra -st tniancuely
collisfi'n ocriiried in J.nes ;ier, s sboit dis
tarc from K -cV' t's, between vea kc.A ight
o'clock on 'IhvvfA ir n As t'jp Ig-
of-truce steamer. " W'. -mi A'!m wi'1 r
turning to the city. H iorniuto ihe,4Torpe-l,"
a one-gun i?ost, cnea-: d taking orpo h-
down tbe rtvrr, tlskiui t it in a tew rn:.Tit,
and causing the d .i f Itr c.-r -inrrrrt
Lieutenant Arpabtronq Ilch: o"d Dupnah,
2S'A ult.
FR U Ti'f.
jcie WiiM nre little
flu'ut in
tr.c t":s i i -tr f.tj. to'i) ,
t I i r r't t .k . t
to ' r. t t. Ytk gsi -
boat.- a- h:'e, f i
'U hn-.ilred mi'.ii fc.
ti.e Niv.iunb rlr Tt it
low thii ci v
is also Tt"'Tt-ii Uv.t tori'e enterpriin; Fe ers
have rcovtd ut nn ti t tbscitv. Tr
are evidently for2i:. ;... t:r fet sut to t ;
rice, end ao at i ret ; ; j;ci r Mt by
cDs peptic citizen. . J"o. Cknst 21th.
Tus Talabawef. A p-. .by'
tbe steamship Arage ir f. ryo. i r,ah
Republican tast the Tali-r e c ;sd the
Arago from 11 s. m., until 3r tn, 'i Tn-ri-day
6th inst., off the ceset of Non l.VJi.-'a.
The A rag hugged the South Carol, t a rotet
tintil costing within protection of tht iect eff
Charleston. Tbe Tallahassee approached
with teu miles of tbs Arago.
A letter from General Lse'e srtny announces
that Msjcr General Gordon hat bc lao-d ia
comma ni of tbe Second con , la rly ess
mended by Lieutenant Gcner. ; T. lie
issued an sddrtss to the troops upvu tatiaj
essuaand;