I i T' Mi J
. ,,f a a- rm a
- CV Y
A Ktary f Clald Mlara.
frnm the Ovcrlarnl Monthly.
. .ATtout (hnstm.i, ia the 18G, Snow-
3c Thommon anted tho life of J amen
on, wh' fia been lyin in a:t oll
cuerted enhin in J-akc Vallcv twelve
dajs with hU feet frozen. There wan
ome fljur in the -cabin, nncl on this
.-'son ba'l tubulated, lie wu in the
cabin four days without a fire. During
that time he ato the Hour raw, jimt a it
came from the Hack. On the fifth day,
while rumtnni;: about the fb'inty, he
had the good fortti.io to find some
matches. The were uheiv uo one
would have thought of 1 oUin' for
matc:henf as they cr Mattered a'jout
under tome hay that lay on the floor.
After findin the uintchci Sion made
a fire and thawed o ithii b o', wlun he
ai able to pet thern off. For four day
he had Iain in the cabin with hit hootg
froen to his feet. When ff.und by Vr.
Thompson, eight day later, Sisnon'n
le' were purple to the knee. Siason
was confident from the npttciiront c of
hit leg that mortification had net in.
He know that, unless his les w.-rc mri
putatcd he must soon die. As he could
expect no ntcftiiitnrit'e from the ouUide
world hi lial concluded to himself to
undertake to perform tlie required 'er
ution. There wan an axe in the cabin,
and with thin he had determined to cut
o'.f bin frozen les. Hut for the oppor
tune arrival of Thorn iison, Hison would
the next day have attempted to disjoint
hU leys at the knees; for that win the
day he had fixed upon for undertaking
the operation.
At the time ho found Simon, Thomp
son was on his way from I'lncervillo to
Carson ViUIcy. It was in the night, and
on coming to the log house which was
occupied in the summer as a trading
post Thompson halted for a moment
and was knocking the snow oil hisfchoes
by striking them aainnt the cabin when
he heard some one cry out. (Join;,' in
side he found Sisfton situated a9 related
nbove. A considerable nmount of pro
visions had been left in the cubln in the
fall, but all except the flour had been
stolen by the Indians.
Thompson chopped a supply of wood
for the unfortunate man, and making
him as comfortable as possible with tlie
means at hand, left for (Jeiioa to obtai.'i
assistance. While Thompson was cut
tint the wood Sisson called out to him
and begged him not to dull the axe
the place being full o4 rocks us he
might yet want it for tho purpose of
taking oil his legs, hisson was firmly
of the opinion that when Thompson left
nun he would never see him again. He
thought Thompson would never be able
to get clown out of the mountains, and
was of the opinion that in case; he did
succeed in reaching the valley he would
uot attempt to return to the cabin.
Thompson told Sisson he would surely
return and take him away, and advised
him not to think of attempting to am
putate nia legs, as, on cutting tlie ar
teries he would bleed to death. Hut
frisson had thought of that. He intended
to make a sort of compress or tttrniiiiet
of some pieces of hawing rope, which In
would twist around his legs w ith a stick
in such a wav that a bit of rock would
be pressed upon the arteries. Then
with firebrand he would sear the ends
of the arteries and the raw llesli of the
stumps of his leirs. Kisson's mind was
so much occupied with his plans for the
amputation ot his legs that Thompson
was almost afraid to leave the axe where
he could get hold of it; he did so only
upoa receiving from Sisson a solemn
Eiromise that he would wait three days
efore attempting to use it on his
knees.
On leaving the cabin Thompson trav
eled all nig'iit, and early next morning
arrived at Ucnoa, He there raised n
party of six men W. I. Wade, Harris,
Jacobs and other old settlers - to return
with him and bring Sisson down to the
valley. liy Thompson's advice the party
c arried with them a few tools for use in
making a sled. Snow-shoes were, nl.-o
hastily constructed for the men compos
ing the relief party. As none of these
men hiul ever done much traveling on
snow shoes, they furnished Thompson
not a little amusement during the jour
ney by their mishaps and involuntary
antic s.
After much hard work, the party ar
rived at the lone cabin late in the eve
ning, to the great joy of Sisson, w ho at
sight of so ma y men felt that he was
saved.
Tnat night they constructed a hand
sled on which to carry the frozen man
down to Carson Valley. In the m rning
they nwoke to find that nearly two feet
of new snow h8,cl fallen ; there was a
depth of eight 'feet before. The new
snow made it very hard to get along
with the hand-sled Under Simon's
weight it ploughed deeply along, nnd at
times was buried almost out of sitrht.
The first day the party got no further
than to Hope alley, where they en
camped. Sisson was made as comforta
ble as possible on a bed of boughs. As
they had expected to reach Genoa in
one day, they had talten along with
them no blankets, nnd but few other
comforts for Che frozen man.
The second day they reached Genoa
nnd nt once procured the medical assist
mice which Risson's case so urgently
demanded. Tlie doctor's found that it
would be nccssary to amputate both of
t-isson s feet. IJcfore ihe operation
could be performed, however, the phvsi
chin said he must have some chloroform.
As Snow-shoe Thompson never did any
thing by halves, he at once set exit
crossed the Sierra, and traveled nil the
way to Sacramento, in order to get the
required drug. finally, the long de
layed operation was perfc rmed. Sisson
survived it, and ar, last accounts was
living somewhere in the Atlantic States.
A Divorced Woman's Ambition.
The Chicago Herald savs: 'Tre just
been out in Denver," said an East-bound
passenger, "and while there I met Mrs.
Tabor, divorced wife of the Senator.
She has not married again, but is living
quietly with her son. She h is devel
oped very good business tact, nnd has
taken such admirable care of the $100,
(V 0 which she got from her husband,
that she is now n millionaire. Tabor,
on the other hand, has been gradually
going down hill Not long ago he
made a rather lucky hit in some mines
which revived his drooping fortunes a
bit, but the prediction is freely made
that in a few years he will flatten out
Into a hopeless bankruptcy. Mrs. Tabor
Io. 1, says that 6he will yet have to
take care of 'the old man,' und that
when his hour of adversity comes, as
come it will, he will find himself de
serted by No. 2, and then he will be
glad enough to return to his first love
and her million It seems to be the
height of this woman's ninbition to get
her husband back and to be able to set
him up aain financially."
A lh?stnnt
One of the good old stories is that of
Jones, who called at the house of I'o'o
inson and was told by the servant that
Bobinson was not nt home; then when
Bobinson called at the house of Jones,
Jones looked out of the window nnd
said he wns not at home. Bobirson
inrne to demur at the apparent
jone'Jif ulness of this report, when
()liMto Urn:
were ninson. your servant told me
L- but now home and I believed
though I myself, w are incredulous
i' mp Is our scrva I hiu not at
credit than I ini tjed to more
Mavor of
A TIKE COUNTY PROPHET.
He
Read fb mud Ways tb Cmmttsg
Vtlalrr will be a Ilaaiairr.
"Folks ez ain't got no overcoats an
is hopin that it'll be a mild winter, so's
they kin skin through without one.
mo-.vt ez wvl make up their minds to
go n order one, an a jsrood heavy one
at that, for the cumin winter's pointer
Ixj a hummer, 'less a'l the good ol'
fahioned signs is all wrong this fall, ez
fur ez I've obarved them.'1
This cheering bit of information was
vouchsafed by an old I'ike county resi
b nt the other night, and he gave the
reasons for the belief that was in hirn as
follows:
"In Hie fust place look at the corn
huks. I they thi'-k and a good many
of Vru, or be they thin an' durn few?
I'ec l an ear o' corn if yer a minetcr, an'
ye ll see that it's got n un ! rliirt, a top
nhirt, wtst'tut, a coat, an" a overcoat,
an' all of 'em is made o' good still
mater'n. Natur' knows when it's rnore'n
likely that her doins' '11 need a lectle
extry protection, an' she slings it on to
cm, an' that's why she's put a good
stock o' kivcrin' n the corn. That's
ez good a sign ez I want tint the
c omiu' w intcr'll come in for business an'
tend to it till tome; time in the fi g ceud
o' next March or thorabouts.
" I hen, w hat d'ye think the groun'
hogs has ben doin? of? Natur' didn't
build the groun' hog ovc rpowc rin' purty,
but she seems to hcv hammered ainklin'
o' boss sense inter his wuthlcss conk,
somehow or other. Well, what's he ben
e doin ot th t s smart? otliia cc-pt
digin' that cellar o' hiu'n sum
p';n' like two stories deeper to'ards
Chiny th'n usual, an' a putin' inter it a
few extra linin's o' leaves an' things.
The groun' hog do nothin' but sleep
all winter, o' course, 'cept on Candle
mass Day, w'en he gets up an' walks
out to see if he kin get a glimpse o' his
shadder, so's to know whether
to go back an' sleep six weeks
more or not; but then ez long ez lie
sleeps he wants to be warm, or else lie
mowt ez well be runnin' round in the
snow wide awake. An' so his weather
eye tells him th't ol' IJoreas 'le be along
this winter with all sails set, an' th't if
he ketches anything h't hain't ready
fur him he'll give it beelix So that's
why the groun'hog digs down furder
from whar the zcphvrs 'le be blowin' in
a few weeks, and adds a few feather
beds and comforters to his bunk down
below.
"Whar was the wind w'en the sun
crossed the line last month? An' did ye
es the sun, or a as he behind a cloud?
Well, the wind was in the northeast,
ruther, an' the sun didn't shine no
morc'n it's shhim' now, here at 8 o'clock
at night. An' that means th't from the
northeast our weather's g -in' to come
nex' winter, an' th't wc won't git much
heat outcn ol' Sol to sarcumveut it.
"But the best'sign of all is the cun
nin' little muskrat. W'en he thinks it's
wuth while fer him to rig up a house ier
himself 'long about now, then th' haint
no doubt about w'ut the comin' winter's
gointer be. The muskrat don't hev
much time to waste, an' he never fools
any of it away buildin' a reg'lar stop-
jnn place lor nisseit uurrn the winter,
'iess he's likely to need it. Well, that's
jiit w'at he's a doin' of now. I i-ee one
it Lt over long the pond to day. ion
fellers kin da ez ye feel like doin', but
ez ter me, 1 m agointer hanK up my
shanty from cellar to winders, an' lay in
an c.try lot o pine knots. Winter
hain't only acoinin', but he's bringin
sumpin' with him, an' he's agointer play
fer keeps."
The Taj lor Boy 3.
Brother Xnt, Jim nnd I, Bob, nnd a
It tie neuro bov went in swimming one
Sunday morning in tho mill pond near
our house, says Alf. Taylor. Father had
told us he would whip us if we went
sw imming on Sunday, but we disobeyed
him. He found it out that afternoon.
H c would not punish us because it was
Sunday, but he took us bright and early
in the mornjuir to the barnvard. We
knew what was coimiig. He took
shinirle and bored holes through it with
a gimlet, and then he made us bend over
a log. You can imagine the result. He
punished Jim and .Nat and me, and we
were all crying when he went up to Bob,
who was leaning over the loir waiting
his turn. Father raised the paddle
Suddenly B b pulled a half-dollar out
of his pocket, and twisting his head
around at father with a most humorous
expression of countenance, he said:
"Dad, Ml give you this to let me
olT.' at the same time offering father
the half dollar.
We were :.U watching him as intently
as our pains would let us. Father stood
with the paddle uplifted. Bob contin
ued in his leaning position, holding the
I alf-dollar between his uplifted fingers
with that grimace unalterable on his
fe:il.uies. Bob w as as cool as a cucum
ber. Father at length broke out in
laugh and bade Bob be up and off in a
twinkling. Bob sprang to his leet, and
sipping his half dollar back in his
pocket wn'kcd by us to the house, mak
ing faces at us as he went bv.
Too Much Rum.
Every ship that takes missionaries to
Africa carries enough poisonous rum and
L'in to olTtet in evil the eood effect of
the labors of a thousand missionaries.
Since the opening of the Congo region
enormous quantities of this stult so
vile that there is no market for it in any
civilized country have been shipped to
the savages by wealthy companies in
London and Holland. Other companies
Hood the German possessions in Africa
with the worst liquors that ever were
made. Missionaries in all parts of the
Dark Continent are now pleading with
European Governments for the restric
tion or abolition of this tiallic. '1 hey
will probably discover that Great Britain
and other colonizing nations open neg
lected co;nersof the earth for the profits
of trade nnd not to spread the benefits
of religion, and that the trade m bad
rum and worse gin is too profitable to
be sacrificed to what traders would call
sentiment. The truth is that the most
inviting fields for missionaries who long
to save the savages of Africa are London
Amsterdam and Berlin. If they could
convert the traders of those ciies and
the courts that protect and encourage
them, they would be of great service to
the heathen who are perishing under the
influences of European "civilization."
X. Y. Times.
The Aaeilcan Ab.-caJ.
The Dutch merchant who presided
over a leading store in Hamburg, told
an Ameiican that he had just sold about
8,000 guilders, or over $3,000, worth of
goods to 1 obert Garrett, nnd that he
made sales to Americans daily. He had
great faith in American honestv, too
:md when I admired a piece of this same
oil Fhimish hue and regret leu that
had not the time to get money from the
bank before leavin to purchase it, he
doubled it up and told me to take
alon und send lum the price at m
lti-ure. You can remit me," said h
"trom Antwerp ben re you sail ii vou
have time, or. if more convenient, take
it with you and send me tl'e money
when vou get home to America." But
I said: "You don't know me. I am a
stranger here, nnd I leave Air ste dam
this afternoon. Saturday I sad for New
York. You have no security for your
money." "Give mc your visiting card
nnd your address and that is a'l I care
for I have often trusted Amencaus,
and I urn never deceived." An Ameri
can merchant who did business in this
way would be liable to imprisonment
1 1. 1
Lev. ;
TIII.MiS SOLDIERS CARRIED.
trlaaa aad
mm
l iakn Article Plrkra aa
Ik I.lar mf Jlarrk.
"There were lots of funny things
about the war," sail Col. Frederick
Martia, oc" the Brooklyn ekvated, to a
S'wn reporter the other day, "now that
you think of them when the tears are
dried away, and abtt the funniest
things I reca'l were the queer articles
the boys ust-d to pick up on the march
and the eccentric way in which they'd
tote 'em along to finally adorn some
ditch by the wayside. Stragglers were
the worst at this, but all the fellows
were bud enough. Whenever the army
went through a first family rciden- e
the boys would capture what truc'ic e ich
ks most attrvtive, and some of their
tastes were peculiar. They had a great
weakness for cradles. Vc-i may ask me
what a man treading hi way to the front
wanted with a mahogany cradle, and
I'm ble.it if I know, but they took 'em.
First one man would back a cradle and
cart it a dozen miles; then he'd begin to
cuss and finally drop it.
"Now, you'd supj(0-e that any ordin
ary idiot would just look at that cradle
as it lay in the road and pass on, but
they wouldn't. Some one would be cer
tain to tick it up and lug it a few miles
further into the Confederacy.
"I recall one cradle that traveled 100
miles on blue backs before it went to
increase the blieof a mess fire. Some
how they seemed to think vaguely that
there was a chance of getting the infant
soother home, but they never suc
ceeded.
'The funniest thing lever saw carried
was a looking glass as hi;h as your hev
and two feet wide. I saw it first in the
arlor of a central Virginian mansion.
and next on a soldier's back headed for
'etersburg. Then I lost siht of it for
wo days, and found it again propped
up against a tree forty miles further
along. The next day I saw it traveling
tenderly on a straggler's back. He had
us gun in one hand, and had somehow
strapped the glass so he could get along
without holding last to it.
"Well, this fellow lni.st have got tired.
for the next dava third man had it, and
on the next a fourth. This chap toted
it into the lines nt Petersburg, lie set
it up against a tree, took a long regret
ful look at full length of his shabby self,
and turned away with a sigh.
"It was just as well that he did. The
next minute along came a Minie bullet,
buzzing like a hornet and hit the glass
scpiare in the centre, and smashed it into
frame full of cracks radiating from
around the hole.
"'Ihe heavier and the more useless the
things were the more they clung to
them, even combining to escort pianos
into untimely graves in niudholes; but
the man w ho could steal a rockintr chair
was a white robed angel in his own
mind, and the object of universal envy.
"Another funny thing was to have the
sutler strike camp loaded up with con
densed milk. I've seen a whole rein
ment sitting on a fence, each man with
a milk can in one hand dipping out the
sweet, thi-:k stuff with his forefinger and
licking it off w ith an expression of beat
itude that would make a Baphaehtc
saint look sick in comparison."
Ling Chi.
TnE STOItY OF A YOUNG CHINESE WOMAN
WHO WAS SLICED 1XTO A THOUSAND
riECES.
From a Canton Letter.
The execution ground yesterday was
the scene of a most horrible tragedy. A
young girl, aged eighteen, was put to
death by the barbaric method of Ling
Chi, or being cut into a thou.-nnd pieces.
Ihe girl, who was married some time
ago, lived with her -busbar-d, her fathers
and mother-in law, in a small village in
the district of Wo Iing, or Peace, in
the department of Wai Chau. One clay
a lew months ago her husband, father
and mother-in-law had gone to their
duties in the field, and the young wife
was left at home to prepare the meals
and look after the pigs. She. prepared
a kind of congee for the pigs, along
with which she boiled a root said to be
very good for fattening pigs and sheep
While she went out calling the pigs her
husband, his father and mother, along
with a neighbor, returned home. The
calling of pigs is a sight and sound f re
quently met with in travelling through If
villages in China, as the porkers are
allowed to wander a'onjr the roads ani.
villages at will. The party returning
from their work hot and thirsty wished
for something to drink, and seeing the
congee took some and drank it oif.
The root which had been boiled with
the congee, though good for sheep and
pigs, is bad for man. The four persons
gradually developed symptoms of pois
oning and ultimately died. J he clans
people of the deceased took'the young
girl to the District Magistrate and pre
ferred a charge of poisoning her hus
band, father and mother in law and a
female neighbor. To make the charge
appear more plausible under the cir
cumstances, which w ere all in her favor,
they intimated that she had poisoned
her relatives because she was afraid of
being discovered that she had been un
faithful to her marriage vows. The
magistrate made a strict investigation,
and no evidence being produced that
she was guilty of infidelity, he decided
to release her. To this the clan objected
most strenuously, so the case was re
ferred to the Prefect. The Prefect's de
cision corroborated that of the District
Magistrate, but the clanspeople were
bent upon her destruction, so the case
was relerred to the Provincial Judge.
His judgment coi responded with those
of his two subordinates. Still the
clanspeople were not satisfied. So the
case was brought before the tribunal of
His Excellency the Viceroy. The Vice
roy decided that the young girl should
be put to death by Ling Chi, and ehe
was chopped into a thousand pieces.
A Philosopher.
A very successful business man who
lives less than one hundred miles from
Boston is so given to saving that when
he cuts off the end of a cigar that has
been given to him he puts it in his
pocket. A f.iend remarking that his
boots, unusually large ones, were always
polished to the end of the skill of the
bootblack, asked him the reason of such
care, and why he did not extend it to
the rest of his habiliments. "Don't
think for a instant," replied the pre
server of cigar tips, ''that I have my
boots polished because 1 care anything
for their appearance. The fact is, I
have rheumatism in my feet, and rub
bing makes them feel better. Besides,
I often put on a good coat of grease, so
that the bootblack will be obliged to
lengthen his job."- Boston Pout.
Beat Ihem Both.
There was a story that Stephen A.
Douglas used to tell. The Democrats
had gerrymandered the State of Indi
tna so ns to throw ar heavy Whig ma
jority into a single district. Mr. Doug
las said that he went to Congress one
year and found his old Democratic
friend Andrew Kennedy representing
this district, "flow in the world did
you get here, Kennedy !"' was Doug
las' salutation to him.
"Get here!" replied Kennedy; "why
I beat two of the strongest Whigs in
my district, and I could have beat two
more had they brought them on."
Botton lleralJ.
It has been said that New York is
ashamed of her base ball club. This is
not so. New Tor is too wicked a city
to be ashamed of anything.
A CLAMM1KMLK S DO 01.
Talataa-a D.-larv - mm Jkmrmry mf a
In a recent sermon the Hev Dr. Ta
rcage dtscueI blasphemy and it con
Mjence He drew fiom ancient and
rajdern history for intances of the sud
den and awful punh-bnunt iaHtcted b
divine twwer upon blasphemers and
warned hia hearers to avoid the sio as
i one that beings ttiem into stecial dan
ger from ea offended Providence Hi
most striking illustration was an inci- t
uent that he declared hspjentl un 'st
August. He gives to a .Sun reporter-he
following corrected version of hisnsrra ,
tive:
So common has blasphemy become
that the public mind and tl-e'ubiio tnr
have got used to it, a?id a blasphemer
foes up and do.n tid country in hU
lectures defying the plain lrw agai'ist
blasphemy, and there is not a Mavor in
America that has backbone enough to
interfere with hirn save one and that
the Mayor of Toronto. Profanity b
worse than theft, or arson, or murder,
for these crimes ire at tucks on humin
ity. That is an attack on God. This
country is pre-eminent for blasphenv. t
The crime is multiplying in intensity.
Gud very often hows what He thinks
of it, but for the most pait the fataiity
is hushed up. I give you a fact that is
proved by scores of witnesses. T..is
last August of Its; a man got provoked
at the continued drought and the I'.in
of his crops, and in the presence of ais
neighbors cursed God, saying thut be
would cut His heart out it lie wo A I
come, calling hint a liar and eWiSC-
am! flashing h knife. And w hile he was
speaking his lower jaw dropped, smoke
issued from mouth and nostrils, nnd
the heat of his body was so intense it
drove back those who would come near.
Scores of people vi ited the scene and
saw the blasphemer in the awful pro
cess ot expiring. Do uot think that
4od has been silent of your case, O,
profane swearer! that He is dead. Is
there nothing now in the peculiar feel
ing of your tongue or nothing in the
numbness of your brain that indicates
that God will come to avenge your blas
phemies or is already avenging them?
There are hundreds of such c ases Fam
ilies keep them still to avoid the horri
ble conspicuity. Physicians suppress
them through professional confidence.
Mr. Talmage was asked for a circum
stantial account of the blasphemer who
was miraculously Imrned to death. His
response was as follows: "I appreciate
the desire lor further details in this
matter, but I purposely avoided locating
the event, and the reasons that actuated
me then impel me now to keep the af
fair from the public? Such an event is
a terrible thing for the family and
friends of the man who was punished,
ami it was out of consideration for them
that I omitted to state where the S':cne
was laid That it is strictly true, how
ever, I have cjr.clusive evidence. I for
get just how it was brought to my at
tention. I hoard it. rep uted by some
body or got my first information by pri
vate letter. I cannot say which, but I
am inclined to think it was the latter.
But no matter. I asked a trusted friend
to investigate for me, and he did so.
Some correspondence ensued, which he
turned over to me, and from it 1 am as
sured that the affair did actually and
exactly take place as I describe it. I
have the correspondence still, but I
think I had better keep it to myself."
Romanes of the Mexican War.
POW IT HArPENED THAT A DECEA.SEB
-VETERAN LEFT TWO FAMILIES.
A strange story was developed ,Jn
County Register trunk's office, at Ke'li
ing, I'a., when Judith Pauley, a l ily
seventy years old, set forth by petitftn
that after forty years had elapsed she
discovered at last that her husband,
whom she had mourned as dead during
all that time, was not dead, but that he
had been living within fifty miles of her . alwftTg heretofoie lovingly maternal, the
all the time entirely unknown to her. ony-witness available 1 eing young nnd
Samuel W. Pauley and his wife the ha: h.d hia mcraory obsc,rrcd by ter
above named Judith, resided at Allen-1 ror p6vchologi,sts thus have no clew
town forty years ago 1 hey had several j a9 to wfa-1 wa8 sgin in the woinan-3
children. When the Mexican ar broke j min,, nnf1 aa w ,,r ant
out' Pauley enlisted and was a brave '
soldier, bomeone must have malicious
ly written $0 him while he was absent
that is wife and babies had died, and
whfin the -MCiican campaign was over
Pauley, dreading to go back to his old
x(m0T find only the graves of his clear
ones, Seated at omelsdorf, a small
towa fifty miles away, where he lived
until he died.
His wife continued living at Allen
towh, and with her children concluded
that husband and father had perished in
JJexico. Hence it was that for forty
years they lived within fifty miles of
each other, eack thinking the other
dead.
Pauley, believing himself a widower.
married again and raised a family of
children. Recently he died, aged 70 j
years, aud his estate was worth over 1
$-.000. Letters of administration were
granted to Joseph Ilelsinger, who mar
ried, a daughter by the second marriage.
Ia'the newspapers the original Mrs.
Pauley, who had never married again,
read of the old Mexican soldier's death,
and her curiosity was aroused. She
sent a man to ormelsdorf to inquire
into the matter, and to her great sur
prise learned that it was her own hus
band who had just died. She now
claims to be the legal widow and wants
what i8 "left cf her long absent hus
band's estate.
Au Officer's Story.
My father was one of the officers with
old Admiral Kearnev when he took his
flagship to Honolulu in 1843. The 1
Islanders were about to hoist a national
flag and annul the provisional cession of ,
the Islands to LhglancL AdniTfarfw I
Paulet was there with a British Vfieet,'?
and was very wroth. He sent word to
the Hawaiians that if they hoisted that
flag he would fire on it. Kearney heard
of it. He was a gruff old fellow, an
untie of the immortal Phil. Kearney, j
who fell at Chantillv, and he spoke'with
. - 1
a strong Y'ankee twang. When he heard
that Lord George had threatened to fire
on the Hawaiian flag if it was hoisted,
the old man "put on his war painS and
went in solemn state to the flagship of j
Anmiral Lord George. He was ushered j
into Lord George's cabin. Taking a '
seat and placing a hand on each knee j
he looked his Lordship full in the eye
and said in a drawl. "1 understand i
that you said if t$em Islanders hoisted
that flag you d fire on it."
The magnificent Lord George draw
himself up, adjusted his eye-glass and
replied with sreat pomposity:
"Yes, sir, I did."
"Waal," said old Keamev. shaking
his head, '! jist come aboard to tell you ,
tnat it ou nre on tnat nag i ll fire on
you
t " 1 . , , ...
Lord George was so astonished that
ne nearly nau a nt ot apoplexy. "Sir, '
said he when Le recovered his breath,,
"do yotfknow to whom you are speak
ing ! I am Admiral Lord George Pau-k-t
"And I," replied the old man, rising
to his feet, "am Admiral Lawrence
Kearney, and if you ri re on that flag,
I'll blow you outer water."
Then he returned aboard his ship and
had her prepared for action. That
night Lord George got under way -and !
went out of the harbor of Honolulu, j
and w hen the Hawaiian nag was hoisted
next day. Admiral Kearney gave a Na
tional salute.
"An, Brown, don't you want to go on
a little yachting excursion with us to
morrow ?" "Thanks, no, old boy; I've
A HEARTBE5T0ING TRAGEDY.
VTira Drawaa Herx-lf a4 Wmmw C1U
Va ktirr a QaarrcJ a llr IJaa.
Saa4.
A Coroner of Txcdon U now irr;jv.nel
ling a jury to invetis.'te a donictie
traced? of world wide intereU It
seems that a resident of Fulham, near
the Thame, bsmed Wilcox. t&saed
tor, aired seven, sobbing so acute'r
that Wilcox felt that S'.methiag unusual
Lad happened. T all his questions the
little fciiow, who was soaking wet,
muddy ami hat less, eouhl only aniwer
by heartbreaking sobs. Nc thing as
teft except to take the wandering waif
t'.the police station hard by, where, be
fore a roaring cannel fire, he maniged
to jerk out, "Mother is dead in the wa
ter, with baby, sister and my brother,
Harry and Frank. I want my father."
It became evident that the boy was
shockingly frightened, yet sooner grow
ing calmer under the reviving induenre
of heat and some frxl, he gave his
home av "133 Denmark road. Camber
well," a, suburban district on the
Surrey tiiie of the Thames and iniks
distant.
, telegram sent to the nearest station
there soon produced the father, who is a
well to do butcher, and who, on seeing
the child, seemed to realize that some
tragedy had occurred and almost fainted
before the story w as told. To his cage r
questions the child, reassured, now gave
coherent answers, and these made up a
story like this:-His mother left hoine
in the afternoon, carrying her babe, tive
months old with hei sons-Harry, aged
sine; the narrator of the storv himself.
Charles, seven years old, and Frank
years
aged three. They took the tram rnr to
the river side, boarded a penny steam
boat, got off at Chelsea stairs, walked
to Yaux hall and entered a penny tea
garden, where buns, tea ami milk were
provided them.
They left, walking, doubt ess, aim
lessly along the embankment, beyond
Wandsworth Bridge, when, perhaps by
a sudden impulse, the mother turned
into the Lroonihouse dock yard, near
the Ilarlingham Polo Grounds, and ail
at once pushed her three boys into the
clock water, and with her babe in arms,
herself jumped in. Chailie, who must
have fallen in a somewhat shallow
place, scrambled out, but was too much
scared to give a coherent account of his
escape. When the inspector questioned
the father, who, sobbing as badly as the
child, said: "My wife and I had a
silly quarrel. It began on Sun
day hist and was daily deepened by
mutual recrimination. Yesterday after
noon, as she still felt very badly, I sug
gested a little outing to a friend's house,
and this -this is the horrible ending of
a foo.ish tiff."
j The pair remained till dawn at the
station, when a search police party was
i organized, the members of which, with
' much difficulty, found, through the
boy, the place of the catastrophe.
, Three little straw hats floating at the
! side of the dock gave the first corrobo
I ration of the youthful tale of murder an I
't suicide. A little later the body of
j Ila:ry was found in five feet of water,
j It was neatly dressed and had on a gray
i overcoat and knickerbockers. The face
1 wore a look of great terror. Soon after
' midday one of the Thames vulture folk,
! described in the first chapter ot Dick
en's ".Mutual Friend," recovered near
Fulham Bridge the body of Frank, clad
in a neat gray frock and pinafore, once
white, but now soiied with Thames sew
erage. 'Ihe bodies lie at the Chelsea
Mortuary, surrounded by an immense
crowd of curiosity mongers, eagerly dis
cussing the last London sensation. Th:; !
. . . . . T
mother ami the babe nave not yet been
found. '
Those in the tea garden who 'saw the
group of four .whtin taking their lastt
meal describe the mother as seeming
perfectly sane aud apparently happy.
Unfortunately, very little can now be
learned as to the cause of such an im
pulse and of the manner of such a re
solve in a mother thirtv-five years old
the result of premeditation or of im
pulse. He Was Not Walking.
Jabe Mathias, of the 1.1th Georgia,
was a good soldier, but one day when
the Confederates were retreating from
the gory field of Gettysburg, Jr.be threw
his musket on the ground, seated him
self by the roadside, and exclaimed w ith
much vehemence:
I'll be dashed if I'll walk another
step! I'm broke down ! I can't do it!"
And Jabe was the picture of despair.
"Git up, man," exclaimed his cap
tain. "Don't you know the Yankees
are following us? They'll get you
sure!"
"Can't help it," said Jabe, "I'm done
for. I'll not walk another step!"
The Confederates p:ssed along over
the crest of a hill, aud lost sight of poor,
dejected Jabe.
in a moment there was a fresh rattle;
of musketry and a renewed crash of
shells. Suddenly Jabo appeared on tlie
crest of the hill moving like a hurricane
and followed by a cloud of dust. As
he dashed passed his captain that officer
veiled :
"Hello! Jabe; thought you
going to walk any more.'
' Ihundcr!" replied Jabe, as
wasn't
he
hit
you
the diist with renewed vigor,
don't call this walking, do youi"
Xot at Home.
Before Bismarck reconstructed the
map of Europe and made a JJnited Ger
many a dozen little piincipalities used
to annoy travellers by stopping the.m nt
their frontiers until they had satisfied
the Custom house 3erninds. A Y ankee
once had hia carriage stopped at the
frontier of a petty princes country.
The Ilerr Ober, Coniroieur at the Custom-house,
came forward, and, much
, to tis indignation, was received in a
1 , I . 'I 1 -- 1
noncnaiant wav. me lanKcewas un
gentlemanly enough not to pet out of
the carriage or even to take o!r his hnt.
The Hcrr Ober sharply demanded the
keys of the touiist's trunks, whic h his
subordinate began handling routrhiv.
"Here, hands off:" shou.edthe Yankee.
"I didn't come from the United h-'tates
cf America to be controlled by you.
Put those trunks back. I'll not to
! through you at all.
I'll turn back. I'm
in no hurry, and don't care for losin
a day. Y ou're no country, you're only
a &ot. 111 go round you. Han Fran
cisco Argonaut.
Mr. F. RnNchler, San Francisco, Ca' con
tracted a severe cold, and became so hoarse
he could not speak. He tried a numb?r of
1
I remed.es without bjneSt, and even the efforts
j of two physicians failed to give the j-lightest
! reicf He wa induced totry Ked Star Cosea
Cuieoae bottle of which entirely cured him.
He Tell me, my sweethearr. are vou super
stitions 7 t-he YV hata funny question ? vh y
Uo you want to know? He Answer me iirit.
Sh Why. I am not in the least superstitious.
He Then I don't mind t j ling you. You are
my thirteenth sweetheart.
The familyof Hon. "W. B. Hoke, Jadgeof the
Jefferson County, Ky., Co-art, use! St- Jacobs
Oil with sienal success.
"Speakm? of eccentricities." said Propp'e"
ton. "Hiv fath. r is an eiample. He has not
n. oil his hair since the eie-tion of James K.
Jt'o'k." "lafie.d I The hair must be very lou?
by this time." "Oh.no. Ihe old gentleman
was bald before Poik. was elected."
Secretary Iimar denies pc-si lvely the re
port tiiat Ue is soon t le rn rr ed. Vi
For produv lng a vigorous growth o hair nj
on bala heads. u8e till's Uair Kenewcr.
tT. r . oruggist will ret-omineud Ayer's Agne
Cure, for It U warranted to cure.
DAXCEBOTS DHlf.
Haw laCaatraJ r.aWiaaltir All fr Qn.
x r w mmm
A gvotlnmaa wbo tia ;-st lb om:i5r
abrvmtL to tmir nuurvr, tiuU Um ttuc2
trt turn alt a Ut otm-
Lr l bo alar oaa m r nic ata-v4 a;J
tla littia sniHr ULm p .pi li-kUr la Uw
cMtni'ji-t of bsisi-a aTair. ')4mi tt
htr. tfc! I. ti-al lbj ml toe rn wjtii
oat a dar ot; ia Kurupe Usat arvuM ba cvo
MtVrvd a nma.
Mr. 11 II Wartwr, who mrnm prmat at th
1!km tt4: 'Tta-a i tfes firrt m utaer la
r -art tlu.t I haro t.-t jat ou Um water.
liwn t W t'UT. "
" i twu, I umm you Lave tra alvertb
lag ext-r..vJy r
"Not at all Wc hv ajway twretofor
elo-elour l3Urtiry Janng Juiy. Augut
an I Svvniir, t-ut tht sauimrr " w t aa
le:. it runimi dar aa l might t ratify ti
d-mani, which La t-n thrro U;ji-t giwt r
than evt-r trlrc? m our hiUry at tiii h
ton '
"How do you a.-ootin? f t thtr'
The Iiierrtt-wj La cmo tr wn th rrr
til r;-tw?n.'it, of t? ilrnc-' of our
y.irparatio-. W bsve boar!? tn
jears brfure thi pi.hl.i-, and th? aaica are
ri'H.ifaHfy U MiiMij. wb-ltfour Orwir
a Ivor i-.ir.ij is run -,Un hi.. .w;
Wby, hij;b M-:entirc and itwxl cr.l auth' ti
lies tow piiUi- ly con-.el tbut oar Warisrr'
aifo care i" tto otlv .-lentitie pct!H- Ir
Li.tney and lix.-r d ;- and tt aA tU-.
many d ,-nuwd t y thn."
' Have you -v)dfuv of ih ."
"At'Un iam-M Ouly a few w.VaPr.
J. I. N&epb.-os. f 1 f t.ai..n, C 'luo. a ) ialit
for th t -ere of tmr-ot.e, et ,t ahitu, Udd tue
Ibat a nun- or ot en. lin.nl M-utilie nwJi.nl
meu hid it-n xM-riuier.ting for yenrx. U-t-luai
d auilviiijj a'.l In jn rv medic f-r
the kidneys aa 1 1 v.-r, f..r. as you may if
aware, tlie eo-ive u of si narcotics and
ktimuiaiita dtrov tb j o organs, and uut I
they can be rest lei to U-.altU tho fcaV-ihi
vnriot lie brok-u up! Among tN Investi
gators were ueh mm aJ. M 1111. M 1..
1 'rcidcnt of tho Ma to-11. arj tf Health of
Iowa, and Atetandcr Nell. M l., Iru"wr
of Surgery ia the t 1 of i'Uysicinn aud
Bur.- it. and iesidcutof the Academy of
Medi.-itiu at Coli.mlm. ho, after exbau-ttve
inquiry, reported that there wa- no remedy
known to scho.ds it to s lei.titlo inquiry
e 4uai to vt ai ner fa;e cure :
"Are many persou a-ldi. ted to the us of
doa'tly drugs;"'
"There are forty mildnns of people in th
world who use. oHimu abme, an I there are
many huudred of thousands iu thi country
wh' are victims of niorpuine, opium, cuiuim
and cocaine. They think they have no such
Lab.t uhout them so maav'ieoplo ore un
conscious vi-ti ns of th'-J habits. Thev
ha-.e pains and symptoms of wLat (boy
end ma una on i other dif-ease-s when in
reality it is the den. an 1 in the sytein
fur these terrible dr. ijs a deiriuid" that
is caused largely by bysi inns' pres rijitions
nhirh contain so macy dangerous tlrug-.
cud fct-rong Bpirits, nijd one that mu-t t
answered or silenced iu the kidneys and lier
by what Dr. iStehens -a s is the only kidney
and liver speci:ie. He aLso says that iniHl. ia;e
opium and other drug eaters, if they sustain
tho kidney and liver vigor with that great
remedy, nu keep up thejo habits iu modera
tion. "
"WH does not this discovery give you a
now revelation of ihe power of afe cure.'''
i-ro si;f.-r y.-ars I have tried to convince
the public thiit iirnrlu till the iiisrimes ol lite
hii.iuin sitrm originate in S"ine disorder of
tho kidney's or liver, and hence 1 have
logically declared that if our specific were
used, over ninety per i eut. o: the e ailments
would disappear. The liver aud kiduevs
seen to nbso; b th:se poiscus iroin tho blood
and become donrave 1 and di.-e.is-cL
"When these eminent authorities! thus pub
licly admit that there is no remedy like ours
to enable the kidneys and liver to throw olT
tho frightful elects of all deadly drugs and
ercesuve use of stimulants it is au ndmissioii
of its power as great as any one (otild desire;
for if through its iul';uence alone the op u n,
morphine, quinine, coo due and ii mor habits
i au Pe overcome', what higher to-tiaion al of
ils spe ilic jiowi-r could 1 nsked for
"Vou really bcd.ove then, Mr. Warner,
that the majority 'of di-east-s coine from kil
ncy aud liver coinp'aiins C
"1 do! Vh:'ii you see a person iwnpinz
and groveling about, half deal ami half alue,
yi ar alter year, you may surely put him
down as having some kidney aud livtr
tn-uble."
' Tho other day I was talliin? with Pr.
Fooler, the eminent oculi-t cf this citv, who
(a:d that half the pat. eats who nine to him
f r eve treatment were allocte 1 Iv a Iv an t d
kidney disease. No.v many people wonder
; t ,i i : i' . . ..- i . t
w hy in middle life their eye siirht l omes
bo poor. A thorough course of treatment
with Warner' sa e cure is what they n-c d
more than a pair of eye glavcs. The kidney
poison in the bljod always Btta-ksthn nwk-
et 1 art of the body ; with some it affects tho
eye s; w ith others tho hea l; with ot!i"rs the
stomach or the luwn, or rhtum'ili disorder
follows and licucuit'M tears the:n to pieces,
or they lose the pmcers of (a.'fc, smell, or bo
co'.ne iirotnt in other fu nctions of the
b dy. What man would n t give hia all to
h. e th3 vigor of youth ot common 1 f"
'Thi intelligent ihysiiian knows thnt
the-e com la ntsa-o but -)n;oi?i.- th"y aie
not the dis-'irder, and they are symptoms not
cf disease of the hca 1, tho eye or stoma h, or
oi virility, ne-e-sarily, but of the kidney
j oison inthobl.ol aud they may jrovuil
aud no pain occur in 1I10 Id .nevs. "
U is not ftran.ze that thecntuuriam which
Mr. Waner dwo'ays in his appre iat ion of
his own remedy, which restorol him to
heal:h wl en the doc-tors said ho could not
live six months, should become infectious
a id that the entire world should pay tribu'O
to its wer. For, rs Mr. Warner says, tins
silcs nro constantly- inTeasincr, while his
n wspnper advertising Is constantly dimin
ishes. This speaks volumes in praiv of tho
extraord.uary merits ot his preparations
ONE YEAR'S PEXSIOX PAYMENTS
The t'oiiiiiiissionrr'n I.e port Shinu 3(1.1,
7 83 Names on the Halls,
The Commissioner of Pensions has
just issued his annual report, which
shows that at the close of the fiscal
vcar there were :5G5,?h;1 pensioner ,
classified as follows: 2o,834 army in
vslids, S01(2 army widows, minor chil
dren and dependent relatives. 2,5)ld sur
vivors of the war of 1?1'2, and i:5,:V.l7
widows of those who served in that
war, showing a diminution in survivois
during the year of 1,400, and of w idows
ol ;5,!sir). There were added to the
rolls during the year 40,857 new pen
sioners, and 2,'2',"J whose pensions had
been previously dropped were restored
to the rolls, making nn aggregate of
40,0a pensioners added during the
year. During the same period 22,0SSI
pensioners were dropped from the rolls
for various causes, leaving a net increase
to the rcils of 20,!.'8.
The average annual value of each pen
sion at the ciosc of the year is shown to
l.e ?12'2.23, a gain of average annual
value over last year of ?li 88. The
aggregate annual va'ue of all pensions
is 544,?0tL027.-U. an increase of like
value forhe. vear of 0.017,041. 51. The
amount paid for fensions during the
year was $ G3, 707,831. 61, a decrease ever
the previous year of $1,135,456.51, a
diiTert'iicc due to the difference in
amounts of "arrearages" paid. The
difference between the amount paid and
the annual val es is due to first pay
ments, including "accrued" and "ar
rears." The amount paid to 37,887 new
pensioners during the year upon first
payment was '22,137,054.10, and there
remained in the Lauds of the several
pension agents 5,520 of this class un
paid at the doe of business on June
a0, which there was due $2,87l033.42.
A distracted Boston spinster asks:
"Why are bcaus so scarce ('' They are
not scarce. As a matter of fact, there
are more beaux now than there ever
were. But they are wild because they
are hunted so much.
A Coed Umz
At home U a tower of tfronpth abrr a 1. This U fully
Tcrtied by Haod'E S.-iruiparlla, which bis areputa
tka at hameunequaled by any other medicine. In
Lowell. M Ait-, wtere it is made, whole nplj h! or
boo-JsarJ takin; '.t at the taate time, and the most
retrariable omtoLcit -d utinioniala ere receired
from L.wll people. Th? dmtrlt of 1-owrtl say
th j s.-ll nrc:rj of Hood's S&rsaar.Ila than of all
other sarsaparlllai or blood pnrlflera. The same
wonderful anewsa Is extend Ins all otot the country,
as the lap rior curative powers of flood's Sarsapa
r lla become known. For any affection ciu.l by
impure blood or low state of the system try the
"peculiar medlelne."
"All I k of any one Is to try one bottleof Hood's
Sarsaparilla and see 1m qnieJc effect. It takes le
time and qnau-ity to clra t its eCect than any other
preparation I ever heard ot. I would no be without
tt in ;h ; hotlsj." Mza. C A. li. HLBBaao, Jiorth
Chill. X. V.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Sold by at! drnststa. 1 : six for fl Prepare 1 only
by C L HOOi CO.. Apothacara, Lowell. Jtaaa.
IOO Doses One Dollar
IHIL ilrriHrl Pi4j.
MlHkmair l"hil. Arro.'ur hat a plc-a.
aat custom f bwtlng a uit clothe
once a year for rrh of LU otTc era
td 'tre. ThU Tr ail but or of th
l ttM'.rU a crttata tailor m the oa'.h ,
kf aa-1 wre meirel for uit ran; !
isg Irora - to iSX The rtcptia
u a dude, whov oracd th arlertioa
maIr by h colleague a. Ha wasted (
omcthing gorgeua and tight fittinj.
After iBg ovrr the fahhn pUtca ,
of the tailed hctnalty selected a pirc f I
rood whkltfWtfeM ct ft 21 to build :
into jrvrn-talt. Vhrn the tailor, a few
week later, rnt Li itetuiiel bill to th
big Trk packer, the Utter made in
cju;ne for th fpuqi of finding out
whether ihu younj; nua with u h
nithttic tte tM re illy unfortunt
to have to work.
Ia ha at work la BT of our depart
menur Mr. Amour asked, Varum- to
one of hi lleutenanta.
"V;b work iu th w in," ,
wa the rrpiT. i
'YJx, b; ha h, drawn his money far
thU n.onthr !
"No, ir: not jet. !
"W ell, then, no gjet h 'ar and
cive it t me, and tell hi:u I want to act!
him at ne.'
When the dude tripped up to the
millionaire the latter cleared hi th ct.il
aud said : I
"Youn: nmn, I like to have my clerkt
collider thcinscheH on an rtiuality ith :
C'iicnothc r. In lo kinjj ever the tailor '
hill I I'n l thit you rate yourwdt tfvo ;
higher than the figure your colleague j
place upon theniaelvca. Ai I n
tangil.de proof Of your crest worth to j
thi estaldihii.ent, it 141 m much ;
sat faction to jrccnt t you your .
mouth's aalarr. together with my eti 1
mate of jour value - our dismissal froin
my service. IJctncmlKT I'm an expert 1
on hogs ami know how to salt them. I
I hLKj lit 1 il(L
Illnta tm Conmp1.
nrampUvn nhotiM uc fo.l u nonrlihing
its can he had, ami In a aliiio that will bet
aitree with the stomach and tata of th
ticnt.
Out-door exerrtue In earnestly recomiucu.tcA.
(f you are nnnhle to thk auch rcis-ia on
tiorM'hnck or on foot, that atiotild fnrulh no
ex-u-e rr shutting yimrnelf ln-d.mr. but. vot
should take ccr--ic in carriage, or in somn
other way briiitf )ourelf Iu contact with (he
open air.
Medicines which rause expci-tcrnHoa mul
be avoided. For five hundred -nr j.tiy
nciann have tried to cure C'onntiiiiUon by
a InK them, and have fai'.fd. Where there I
(treat dcrnntfonent of the accretion. With
encorgemi-nt f air-cells, there W always
profuse exieetoiation. Now I'i-o" Cure re
tnovesthe endorsement anil the iteruntreuieiit
of the secretions, and c o.iciieri! ly tand Iu
this way only diminishes the amount of mat
ter expec'orated. This medicine d -s not dry
up a eolith, but remove the rnuv of it.
When' it Is Impcs.. b'e from dehibty or other
causes to exercte freely in the open nir apart
ments o. cupied by the J nt-. lit should be .i
u-ntilated a to ensure the ccinstait acceasiou
of fresh air in ahundnnce.
The surface of t tie InmIv sliouhl be sponged
a often as every third ditvwit'.i tepid w.iter
and a little soli-soap. (This it pn fe rattle to
any other.) After thoroughly drwmr. 11-e
friction with the hnhd moistened with oil,
Cod-Liver or Olive W the )-eM. This keens tlici
po es of the skin in s soft, pliable condition,
wiiich contributes mute bilk to the uiilondbm
cf wtuste matter from the system through tics
oruau. Vu 1 w.d please ri c il,-e wecurellts
d scase ty en iblins the on a s it tlie em
to p.-riorm their tuu'ti ns i;i a n rmn1 ay.
or In other wolds, we remove obstruct! 11 ,
while the recuperative powers of the- system
0:11 die disca-e.
We will I. ere say a word In te-ird to a conch
n f. rumor Kliiie. w here there Is no co i-
otitntionnl or not.icible dise.ie. A eouuh
m..y or may not foreshadow ferlou evil; taku
it in its mi'deir form, to say the leart, it .s a
till sit cc, nnd s'louid Is" aba'ed.
A conuli is ti'ilike any other symptom or dis
ease. It stands a conspirator, wiih threaten
ing voice, menacing the health and existence
of a vital oiitan. Its lirst appro-xc is Iu whis
pers iimnteliinible, and at lirst loo often un
heeded, but in time It nver fails to ma e itself
understood -never fails to claim tho altentb 11
of those on whom it c alls.
If v ia have 00a -h without disasa or the
lunirs or Rerious runst'itutlonal disturbance, so
much the better, as a few do es of IMao a Curs
will be all vou mav need, while if you r far
advanced in Consumption, several bottles luaj
ha required to effect a permanent core.
Sortie one says It 1 1 I he lull which produces
the echo. And here we have lived ad tticsj
year Chinking it was tho holier.
An Awful Onntn
of ar y nature U u-ua ly voido.l bv t!iose s h-i
huve ori-Hirht. Those who read t his ho have
foresight will i.e no time la wrltliu'to 1 1 illicit
Ar Co., hire hind, Maine, to learn ahout work
which they ca-t do at a profit or from f 5 to -3
an I upwards imr day a-td live at home, wher
ever they are located. Some have earned ovi r
jtoO in a day. All is new. Capital not re-mired.
You are Minned free. IVith sexes. All a-a.
curt euiarsfrce, A Kreatreward awaltseverjr
worker.
Truth can litrht its own l attic a while false
hoisl s niisitu; rec ruits.
Ft p that fortph, tl at tlclcllrtr In the throat:
Krop that Consumptive Cuinlilioii!
You can he run il ! You c an't afford to wn 't!
lr. Kilimcr's C i.iih Cure ( '(iionon;.f ion (.)
Ui do it quickly aud permanently. 26 cenu.
f?ET Lynn's 1'atent Heel Stiff etiera applied
to those new hoots and they will uvcr run
over.
If a congh disturbs your sleep, take nsoB
Cure for Consumption, aud lest well.
Another I.il'f S11 vrd.
Mrs. Harriet Cuiiimnifr". of Cincinnati. Olilo.wrttsi
"Karljr lust win cr niv .l.iufhu-r v alia k.-. I wuti a
vrrer.j.l which m t lr! .m her Inn is. We trl d
vera! inedn-ln". nnne ,f wh ch e- m 1 to do ti r
Hnjr ko"1. buthi coiitiin 1 tu mi worn.., and fli tr
rsl- d l-ri?e amount! 1 f 1 lxd from her luns. We
called In a family .hy!cl in, but he fill ed Codoh. r
ony R.Ki. At t!it tine a friend wUo hud licen rnre t
try It. WK. HaI.1'9 UtI.SAM roil TI1K L.CKOII, a.IvIm-1
me to rItc it a trial. We itot a b III" and ho tx-Ki.n
10 ImproTc, and tiy th uu uf Ihre-j bolilfi nut-u
lirciy enroll. '
Fob 8pf.oi4c llTsfor a'lTertuinla thH raosr
apply to tUa publisaor uf tuo paper. L I.I
"DOFT FAYTBl&"rlCE!"
Ct EZ Oam4-0 ro for a Vrr' ubwrlp
03 ttcfllS tioa to the we. uly Ainerlrun
Knrnl llopne. K.hnier, N. V.. without r in
lulll 'the! hearn-htutld 0"t W.-.-ktT In tlie World."
s pate a coliiiiins. 1'. year, o d. Kor One Itrlliir
you have one ilici e Ciom hot tvi Ulft' rent C'loOi
l'.ound illH r Hlu nie. 9 to A t-p.. find pMlr
ne veiir. i o-.lt a.d IJ-k p IV. Kxtra. Q.i,.o0
books tr vou h war. Amoti tncmare: l.a Without
livr.verH; Family Celo;ie.ll i ; K-inn c'relo-dia ;
l-araiem' an I Sttn-klir fr-ler' outdo ; c 'om iton Sn
l-i l'ouiirjf Vard . World c'y l.te-d'a ; Oan-lMMi'
liiio.tl- al) C'oun-eior f Hoys' f ul i'astimen; ll' t
ears lit-fore the Ma.t . I'tupWa Hmtor of I tilt d
Sta:-; I niver-.il ll.to. y f ..11 Nation; Popular
11 itor- Civil WaflfHIi -Ideal,
.'ut "e Imitk and ii iiht oneyear.all -tps'l. fr
6! ren'y. Taper ai .iif Ci5c. U uburrlieJ lie.'ofe
the 11 of Marrh. Sait-faciton raarani.'!! on b
I and W e k y. or nt. n'-y refundo J, Kef.-rr aa-e. Hon. C
li. t'Aaaoss. Mayor Hochet'-r. Hamuli
Kt'llAL HOMtt CO.. LT,
Wtthimt Prewitam.W V. ay-y Hs;nr.-Ts. S T.
CATARRH
CREAM BALM.
mrninhK
Cleanses the
Head. Allays
Sii: lTijk Itr.T-J
Inflammation. fKAyF-VERg gA
iifam mc rviren
Restores the
Hens?. of Taste,
S.ceU, Hearlnj
A qn ck Kt-lier.
mm IV V J- r S
A positive ( nre. HAY" FEVER
A particle ia applied into jich ti'mi and la wrr
el.i t to cae. l'ricefi.cta.. bv niali or at drnvirlata.
tend for cun-niar. Klx llaoc. lhrai-t-i.Oetro, '. I
CONSOIPTHlN ! I R ni.KrHetidAr. i t
pamphlet tip.'. H Konifiu, thilad. I laa. I'a
V7M1TED GOOD MfltJ
enertratle worker: bnatnaaa ta hia aett-.n. Salary 7Qr
Kefeimcea. Am. Mattuf artaniK Houae 1 Baicmj t.. I.
JOJES
PAYStherREICHT
5 Tan Haita Healea.
lraa Latwa. Sl i f.arlaia. a. aal
Tata Baa aaa - aa Iw
a jsift er .GKaHTi,
B I t.M A 3JTO.V. N. Y.
ThlflOr7TOvEIder9, Book
y. Ai. kfrntcjC. .NiaoUia, 2C2 Uraiid, bC J. t.
ViC VJAftiT YOU! iirSLTiimTS
prof table entptovinent to mprraent ua in avery
xmnty. GaJary 9Ta per month arid zxnaaa, or a
ta- e eommtpnoa on aaies it preferred. cow
tverv -r,c bora. OoUIt luid nvttcniani Free
STAXLiAHT) KII.VKrtWAKK Co.. iiLKSTuK, VAP3.
I?
lata kaeAaa Mara.
i Maa antra
I
I ym
Bra4 traaa-tnark.
x Ptsrut c?.coi:.vnB.
riitaa C 'm TTTtM C kHmm -lt
1r tmm Ummt mt uhrr M.iat MM
TT tiiw1 r '.'e &cr m'Z
r4 ; lnrt by att
"tai ita-Alf s fait
f !&) im at U t "f r
vlllkMtTa. (In 'I fc 1
a hMra'rntB tliWtklMWckm a-l.-r-navt
t!e r -n I lo r tra
antlr 1 btw crr JT uaUi
rtb, I atfct UH m pal-a. 9
!! mm4 t tk4 a fer. I u4 kin
4:itm 1 wm ia tf mj tr. M a
ta.14 o atumtto a .V, bi jr a4 a
vi.au! Uk MR C tut crtaa tfcaa aaJ aw
ait ;l
wcm 4tl$Vfl!t Wttay kM't W ictMo
rw.tiibMt laaui n a ut v -
r.ui b4 it iMrtSbf 4btmtv of tfc k
aaul ad lbr a aea ftr tt. li
l,e cent 10, bat n I lol W
r. nnif 1 com t4 br o. Tfi nt
B tr tr I rT nt t mm
ttrw.fa;w-r a lrt ' t,f- Kilr'a
l n.Jk-Hoo! !! r x!t :' ! (Tt Ik
nkloi.'. t -ad n - u-jcla. H
(!' a.ki n.T f e tA.rf ' ; t.Btt
In ll.o UHm f - '- I ad
t n.jj u. i t kct cala-
iii I l.ai- ulrn e t N4 .- in a I
at. I iil!rr j t t ' U
cr. :,4 .an n.. ' "" a
nv man of m ' ' 'n tih r
Stu.ki.i a ! ! '"' '
. r l t i-L .t .Sei ot !c ki.lMl'c
n ! le--; ret t tin l--l Ir'rl m:d M-4-
l iiM-tl.it tMf a it'
Oil' 1 i-tlra t i-H
fr b; t I !,ide.t.
tl-i lH?l Ukr-I
t
u a - t
t... ijiui a'Trrinir J
i a.c
tit my kldiirt t-.eiti e elsl S " i,
our 1 rt e' .-t,
r! r l-IJ Alt COOK.
I. S. Thl w ; f i.rrjtK-iirril . i41.rs.
:,l i.uiiir , ,i-lii. t'4 Uk
ni) ! 1 'i.e. $ Ua 1 " 0 loli-
ln rrirf, Bi. t .
Simr-n Ji, II C:fl-e. Tan,
C. o. II I r. I l I'ii.'IL
A .1 f ci t t o,e, . 11. ; .r o , N
I i.e .-! f I r-i 1 ... -ii i .-i,i a (-r ll u-
t ..n t -I-Ilrr I, i 1 1st d It '. l. !
1- 1 f .1 r-. itL at .end - I '. e l. . K. n. rt a
s.u.p I, mil, Kt'Oei. I.nn mi l ls .l .r
Cuie. s .Ul by lrnhi; t I'll- l-s
b..r t . Vi If t'l ilrulinl !- no U It
nd to lr. . iIt & ,,
lpOM ISTull. . 1 .
CONSUMPTION Oil.
l"-rf Uif4tnt U trmm X. C.l,
IT biwol! i;-t.u.r,iJ-imo lnJurwtTv
1 I
s
Amu til 11
Nose. Throst. Ilri'iiehsl Tuts-,
an ! l.cuitr T;sic. i aoiaiir c'outih.
P S roru',.1, Cat.o 1 h 'Is-'iis, Mi ro-oiai.it-
K U.II1S. IllillC IS, HU 1 l'.!. l llllUl :tl'-
fl Iml nro I lie l'r!'"M auaea
("Ids C hrot.icc oiikIi, liroiit hltiH, f.-tiic-E
tiuii. Iiitliiniiiiii:'.' n. c ntaiTli "r Hay r T.
"Astliina. rm-uiiK if c. M.oS.ui, SUusU.
Svhi'pin c 'oni.li and Croup.
i:ri u:t syt K wi.t t ui rrnvr'riLT
It I1I stop that C.oiif .ot.if. Tickltmr In
Tto oa', I irr ha. k 11 or nnd I stm 1 li-itcppiiur.
B In 1 our I-.x ii (..ration or Sula
Br-i.if.u !,..,; vt. un, j c.i tr. Mil
i
l'n 1,ifVr I . !!"i C.i.i..r4thf
'itim Tithn lufliir .fii--o-jii-tilrii 1 1
It prevents I iii-nno. Mulit :i, llco-i
tic-l ever, nu t l atli Ikuii ( '.iiiiiupli"ii.
Joe, .loc, tl.CU d h'dtlea ?'.'..
'r-'tsn-l ot Pr Kf.fMi-r'it IHn-nrT, I'.lni-s-otiCfi.
N. t ., ImvbIi..- ..hi. 1, lo H. . h ..--! i I- 1
Mll.il It V I I. 1'H I i-'.i 1
UNRIVALED ORGANS
cm th- F. V I 1 V tl IATni.irai.fr m .1.'1-1
yr tiiotuii uii 1 t i. . J t.. ( .. Mill I-1 Cr
a-out h Ith full iirtit utara. ntane.1 f r. ft.
UPRIGHT PIANOS.
OnfKtntA(4 on th n-wr mrfh'tf of (rln.itm, vm
MMiilHr Ur.f. ' r 'i I for ! t Ti U cwt w.ur.
KASON & HAMLIN ORGAN AND PIANO CO.
Boston, New York, Chicago.
Pom toga bc .ct i tZ
IF DO. APaLT A
"hop plastcr.
Tim PTTtONUl-.hT an-1
n
BKST for-jiia Flaatvr pix.... When A.piltl U.
k neaa or yor..-!iett 111 a ' y tn1, l.lant r -lief la f"ll
Ht.d the rairta worwcrfuil a'r'.l.mil. CKi
(8 Lunar jSueaof ll'ina. 1'iiraiin.lv Plt.'ti and Ctima.
-wli. ar.in.a, hi ui. ...ii-.rn and -lull p' ' a.wiiB -
UaHl by multitude. Nev.-r tuila. t..i l'laalw
Will PTWTW.irp.. ..n'. lf:t rfj... nt !
COCKLE'S
ANTI-BILIOUS
PILLS.
THE GIIEAT ENGLISH HEMED V
rrt fmm M-r
Nrw 1 orkm
C'irv ; roiiuiiiis, ntiiv ''(.r V. (
Ac-t-rut-i:. N. 4 l I TTKM O N,
Fnnk'sRupluro Remedy
"III o'll-a y tut.- nn oiM- of Ii. rua
fciplati.-iii an i t. ! u . t.n,. fn-e. A.I Ir-
ruptur.
.a
It.
HllMt, U&4 Ittmictviu). New It ark.
sUfhila. sikqeeSZ 0
1 III M I Vl.r.
15
I) US' 1HI1L
A tall C mt
A f Nrhir.-enta.
3HAHK4M11)
fTorirni. icl far
trenlar.
A. WUUD a 0
17 7. ictlti HI.. Cbilaw.
nnoK a;i;ts .vatvti:i for
PLATFCRE.1 ECHOES
r LIVING TBCTU l uk UKA A. MKAatT,
It t Joli ti Ji. Gouffh.
TT! WSI and foalaf er. lau n wniiiat
Mt, la ,r and t.ain. lirtuht r' aad f""4. I
latea.
lull of
laoi!
r,th r-c
K and Urt ' tt a .frt aa.
T II ia ad4
BO 'I T. 10C Atit. W-r.tr.L- Mm and
a aftfl llaain om .--wi. atr.
itf Uav. I.VMAjl H
? .i . d ..... a i
inU a month m.'Se. . mi
ciaa Srtrm T---.. and retf;. w nt 1 .a etfralaja la
A. ll.Wtimlll.NtelCIJIatll.Uartfwa.taaa,
RO ROpa to Cut U I Kttrsnr nn".
Oelefated ' Wi.lr'K' liai.TKIA
aad H III II I-K L-IM. ''ii
bo biiptwd by any n -ta-Tip
Halter t any crt of V. a rroa. am
raeelrtoftL ftCHd by au fa i ii-ry.
Hardwara ana Harneaa tma.-ra
Special dlanodot (a Utm traJ.
a..t. frt...Urt
J. t . I.llall Tlioi "B
ckttcert ti.
WELL DRSLL1HG
t?acVnr for w rtiaof any ptt. Irr t tn oa fae.
IiM Water. ctl .tr taa. Ce-.r M-rtiuted M.M I'l-liluiC aba
Tortat ia Mrau f --r !;nee t ta k la W ta.auua.
Ciuaraat.1 m tlil'i A.- r; 1 iriih la j ieiea tti9
.U;er. Heei tt!r aitnpu-d t 3-it '.r. Wrlai at aarta
rett ?0 to!.crife larnararvlrfaeraaramaatnr ta
t.' tn per day al'h ir ntaet.iliery afwt t.rt aU4i4
bi-it. m t" InC-r .r KtMt.er. V ar tha olrt aad
latverl Mtntfac4 -ra In 1M M"-aa ai4 4 MaVJ la
iKnn-.iia f.r.ili.rp d ' aiaktta fl Anacaaa,
;-ree Well P:-naffr '.. Vark.
ASTHMA CURED!
Ar & ttr iMc - I u u.j f .4 eaa lacaraa wmm I
Bfortable .. n : .Beeta eaeea .-a a i '- UC1. 1
l'r.l rm" th mt n.it. Ytr .a eta aaal
11. CM). tA tnrri- or ti ro. ra-fla I Ur K aal
i.-ta-p, It K. Ii. ii - r f . . "x. mm, aiwai
O"" ta Ma
k I- I.-ue n
Hal wt
a day. pampiea wnrtn i r rrCFK.
n un.1r ma h-rae feet, innwa
. vr?r Ki:ta liou.ra, lioiiy.fiu-n.
BlClr S rillSi Rutumatle Rtmttfy..
TtyalAlaa.SleCjUi raaaa, bO Ma,
ft n I I M Habit Cured. Treatment aetitmi tnaL
UriWKl UVMASl KKacirCuLaayetc,l(Ml.
rACt, IIADS, FEET,
aad at! h!r tmrerrpetlofHi lnelttdlr. fa,
rial feaeipaneHt liMratu) s--rit. a-ijr-flanna
Hair tunt, t.a'ka H- La. V. ana.
pan, f rwi. i-'.o r-ee. A.-f, r-tara
I k-arla aia pirtlnrf a dtl.rir tra'rt.swL
land t'tr f--tv.k i.i:-hi.i i-t r,n:.a
e-i-a. WaaOfcaj-y. i J f .;;. .tK.-,T ; l', vuir,a
B AXLE
Btvr rnit WORLD
tW Oet rha CleBlaa. Sc4i
IEHSTOFSCTDIBPOWSEB
ZiSfteB f fill ret fret a Uuw nnltay,
ffQtl"TKlC BEIT for Kltlfctt i. Pain, Nsrveni it
PO w-ak. B-w'rte. Fl.ETCHtBCO..Clyetatl,0.
- iawii in tat m a a tm j
CfeBEt WMfK Alt (UI Fa ill.
Bart Otmirh pjrnr. Taatea ik1. tjaa
In'tima. ratid hy dnpjt.ata.
-&rf
1 drnaaHHM(T'VMKMsEMaay my&9mB9K1UtKKmmm
s. . " -V .
s-iirtna, j.
M'-ml'iaiiis i vm
Alfsx
r
J. -t El
i mmn$ ' '
mxmr
3pi
FUME
a i
mm
Waterprcof
CoaL
.maBitAIID8I.'CaBtwaeraatal wataearaaf. aa4 arffl kaaa ymm trt la
TV aaw rOMMBt, MjrUI la a pafca naia aaal, aad
aaa a. Bawar at lattatwaa Kaaa aeaaaae wltti u a Aaa raa
irJaattweA CatalaBa fraa. A. t. Tan
r1
stopped drinking.