»
Our Remarkable
Premium Offers
Soliciting subscriptions for The Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine is easy and
profitable work. We are making some very attractive offers just at this time. Read them carefully and
earn one or more of these valuable premiums.
I Gold Watches—Gentleman
I or Ladies’ Size
For a club of 12 yearly subscriptions to The Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
at the regular price of SI.OO each for the weekly paper and $1.50 each for the monthly magazine, we will
give absolutely free choice of either Gentleman or Ladies size 10 year guaranteed gold watch fitted with
either Standard or Trenton movement.
Or for 20 yearly subscriptions to The Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine at the
regular rate quoted above we will give absolutely free your choice of either Gentleman or Ladies size
20 year guaranteed gold watch fitted with 7 jewel Trenton moveemnt.
It is not necessary that you should send all subscriptions at one time in order to get these premiums.
Send them in as fast as you get them, but be sure to state in your letter that they are to apply on the
watches so that you may receive proper credit. As soon as the required number have been sent in the
watch will be forwarded you by mall.
I Fountain Pen
A 14 carat gold pen hard rubber holder that retails anywhere for $3.00 given for a club of 3 sub
scriptions to The Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine.
I Free Scholarships
Any ambitious young man or young lady desirous of obtaining a good education at home can secure
I a free scholarship for any course desired, either Academic, Agricultural, Commercial or Normal from us
by securing a few subscriptions for Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine or The Weekly Jeffersonian. These
courses are from The Home Correspondence School. Let us know what course you are interested in and
we will furnish you particulars how to secure it absolutely free.
Watson’s Jeffersonian
[Magazine
ATLANTA, - - - GEORGIA
V
JONIAN.