THE CONFEDERATE.
VDJSDAY. FKBKl'AXT 22, UC5.
IIDQ'K.S A K M IKS OF THE C. SI AT KS, )'
11th i'cb:uary, iB6&.
GeMSHAI, OitDKJ'.S, )
.No. 2. j
In ei.tering upon the campaign ab.ut to rpen,
tbe Oencral-in-Chief feel assured that the sol
fliers who hare so long and it nobly borne the
hardships and dangers of the war. require no ex
hortation to respond to the calla of honor and tiatr.
With the liberty transmitted by. their fore
fathers, they bare inherited the spirit to defend it.
The choice between war and abject submission
it before them.
To such a proposal, brave men with arms in
their handa can have but one answer.
They cannot barter marhood for peace, nor the
right of self-governmeilt for life or property.
tfut juttice to them requires a sterner admoui
tion to thoe who hare abandoned their comrades
in the hour of peril.
. A last opportunity is offered il-m .o wipe out
the disgrace and escapo thapuaisVment of their
Crimea.
By authority of the President of the Confede
rate States, a pardon is announced to such deser
ters and men improperly absett ps shll return to
the commands to which they belong witUn the
shortest possibletime, not exceeding twenty days
from the publication of this order, at the head
quarters of the department in which they maybe.
Those who may be prevented by interruption
of communications, may report within the time
rptcitied to the nearest enrolling ofiict r or other
oflictr on duty, to be forwarded s soon as practi
cable, and upon presenting a certificate fi i.m such
" ofllcer showing compliance with this require
ment, will receive the pardon hereby offered.
Those who have deserted to the service of the
enemy, or who have deserted after Laving been
once pardoned for the same offence, and those
who shall desert, or absent theinselv s without
authority after the publication of this orderare
excluded from its benefits. Nor dws the offrrof
pardon extend to other offences than desertion
and absence without permission.
By the same authority, it is .also declared that
no general amnesty will strain & gi anted, afid
those who refu e to accept ths pardon now ofl'jitd,
or who shall hereafter desert or sbsert themselves
without leave, shall suffer Such puni.-hment as the
Courts may impose, and no application for clem'-,
ency will be enterftiined.
Taking new resolution from the fate which our
enemies intend for us, let every man devote all
his energies to the common defence.
Our resouices, wisely and vigorously employed,
are ample, and with a brave army, sustained by a
determined and united people, succ-io with God's
assistance, canuot be doubtful.
The advantages the enemy will have but little1
value if we do not permit them to Impair our reso
lution. Let U3, then, oppose corptarcy to adver
sity, fortitude to EnSVring, and courage to danger,
with the firm assurance that He whojrave freedom
to our fathers will bless the efforts of their c: lidrea
to preserve it. 15. LEE,
Gem-rat.
IIDQ'RS ARMIES OF TOE C. STATES, 1
11th February, 1SP5. J
General Orders, 1
No. 3. J
The discipline and efficiency of the army have
been greatly impaired by men leaving their pro
per commands to jin others, iu which they find
service more agreeable.
This practice, almo.it as injurious in its conse
quences as the crime of desertion, by tm Article
of War, exposes the offender to a similar punish
ment, aud subjects the olScer receiving him to
dismissal from the aimy.
It is therefore declared that the provisions of
General Order, No. 2, of this date, frem army
headquarters, apply to such men as have left their
proptr commands and joined others without being
regularly transferred. They will receive the par
don premijed in th.it order, upon complying with
its conditions, or suffer the conjequ'-nces attHthod
to neglrcting it.
The names of such absentees will be forthwith
reported to these headquarters bj tho oi!;cra
with whom they are serving, and immediate meas
ures taken to return them, to taeir proper com
mands. As soon as practicable, an inspection will be
made, and charges will be preferred against those
who neglect to enforce this order.
feb 18-d6t K. E. LEE Gcn'l.
We giva prominence, to day, aove al
other things, to General Orders, Ncs. 2 i-d 8(
from the General-in-chief of the armies of tho
Confe leratc States.
General Lee exhorts hi- gal'ant and brave
comrades, who with him, have b rne so long,
so patiently and unrepiat'ng'y, the hardships
and vicissitudes of war, still t Mand by tindr
colors, and yet Further ta nvp n J to the calls
of honor and duty, lib plainly tells th?m of
the choice which lies before trum war or
abject submission ? He does n. t 'soli them of
any hopes of reconstruction, th.it te pe ple
can select to go back with their rights into
the union, if they cho.jse ; bat h. tells Ihena
that only tbe choice of abpet huuiiliatii-g,
destructive submission is loft to t";cm, unless
they fight for independence. He then ap
peals to them by their lineag? by their
descent from a free ancestry to mainfa:n
the inheritance of liberty, which descend, d
to them from their fathers. General Leo ad
dresses his soldiers in the language of stern,
recognizable truth, without equivocation rr
palliation, "that they cannot barker manhood
for peace, nor tha right of pelf government
for life or property."
This .anguage of Gan. Robert E Lee ad
dresses itself not only to his com. ados in arras,
but the whole people. Aud which will yon
believe, people of North Carolina? This
veteran pa riot chief, who left high position,
wealth, and ease in the o'd government, and
at your call, came to share with your chil
dren the struggle for independence who has
dwelt in tents since this war began, foregoing
all comforts, except such as the sjMier enjoys
who has exposed his person in. battle, and
who, for his gnat integrity and uprightness,
hd!ds the reverence of this nation, and" the
admiration of other peoples whose came is
read, with honor and respect, all over the
world ; or, believe the base and cowardly, or
the timid and ignorant, who tr 11 you that you
can teturn to, the Union, and be protected in
your proyerty ? Gen. Lee, in telling his
soldiers, es you, that there is no alternative
but submission or tear.
After this exhortation, Gen. Lee addr ases
himself to the deserters and absentees without
leave, " who j.ave abandoned their comrades
in tho hour of peril." He warn them
sternly, as they have not heretofore beeu
warned, that " a last opportunity is opened
to them to wipe out their disgnice, and eer
cape the punishment of their crimes.' By the
authority f the President, he offers pardon
1 3 all who shall return, or report, according
to the orders, witbiu"20 days?, cxcci t those
. who have, deserted to the ese-r.y, or thosj
who have once been pirdoned.
We would fain add cur adniosirion to
this earnest exhortation. Editing, cs we do,
a jo ji nil' which may reach the eye of ma y
who hive friend.-1, perhaps relative s certainly
a n aj; tnrcs who are -ii.cludtdin one cr the
oti er of the eh8;W8 abuve i.an-d. vc vo i it
ttu ir attention to '.he iozc'i. icz onU-r
in-;
their influence to I riig wfliiin "h .reach nf this
c2" r of pardon, those who have the o-T.-r h 11
out to them.
Wc -ace, in this appeal or Gen. L c, a deter
mined resolve, t!-at mercy shall now' give
place. to jusf ice. Yc wivs, who have his
bands absent from their ry sts ; wh ) have de
serted b-ecause . you have written to them to
come home, take care I You-arc aiming the
deadly .bullet at the heart which is dearest to
you. Ye fathers, metheis, sibtere, kin, who,
connive i t t! e dcteition of your childreri and
brethren, be warned, lest ye contribute to
their ?ej truction I -Be assured that laws
more stringent, and more ineXvral ly execuUd,
will soon be put in force to bring in deseriers.
Their names will be published iu :h ; journals,
stfck up at ycur Court Houses, aud if no
wore fate befall them, they will hereafter
bear forever the record of nJarr.y. Whoever,
thch, has a relation or friend, who, under any
bad influence, or fv.r ai y caus?, has abandon
ed hU po3 we cutiniol you t use your beet
exertions to induce his return witbia the
limit of the offet of panLn. .
And, to all c!t;z3as, we woul say : It is
the interest, as well as the duty of all, to
arge deserters and absentee back to their
duty. Only thiLk, Ir" those who nre absent
from our army were now with B -auregird,
Sherman would be driven disoriifiied aud
beaten from South Carolina. I? Gan. Lte
had hi3 absentees back, not all the -hordes of
Grant could save him from'destrucuon. But
for desertion, and improper absenteeism, tae
leversca Which l ave befallen us wiuld'iiCver
have happened? Our victories would have
been more decisive; and iu all hum;'n proba
bility, at this very day, our cause would have
beon gaiued.
i
- An Alphabetical List.
The Richmond Whig sugge&ts, and the sug-
gestioa v a good one, that now that the liil
"regulating the business of the Conscript
Bureau" is pending before Congress, that a
section be inc rporated providing fr the pub
lication, ia each State, ot ihi list of exempts;
details, employees, &c. Tu which-wc would
add, the names and residence of deserters, ar.d
trose absent without leave. .
The time is nsar a haai when the poop-?
will be urged to lend all the assistance in t'.eir
power, iu returning absentees to the ranks ;
and in bringing to the attention of the Gov
err.meat those casts wucre able-bodied tm
plcyeos are im prop 2rly placjj i i bomb-pro -;f
positions. That tha war is to 1 e jrose -uted
with vigor, is the filed determination of the
nation. In order to do so, the people must
assume the performance of many duties which
they have heretofore noglecel. The more
unitedly anel vigorously we no'v enter upon
the work; the sooner- will it be finished.
We are rejoiced to Icorn, through an entire
ly reliable lourcc, that t.'.e orders of Genera
Le-i, wldoh we publish to-day. offering pardon
to deserters and absentees, are already pro
ducing ood efi'ct. Many .spplictions are
being made to Capt. Porter, at this post, to
know if absentees can return. This is one
effect of the change in the public feejiug,
brt ught about by " Lincoln's teru.s."
En rolling e fficers should be industrious to
put into circulation the offers of Gea'l Lt;e.
Deserters are committingbutrsges and dc
prer'ati' ns all over the State We are inforrr ed
by a correspondent that a band of deserters in
Pitt county, on the 13-.h inst., arrested, near
Fa'klatd, Messrs. Simon and Kirdred Kittrell,
and a school teacher by the name of Smith,
and afier knocking them down, and beating
them unmercifully, carried them-off with the
avowed intention of hanging them, but the
deserters becoming intoxicated with liqour,
they made their Cfcape. Our correspondent
says a Sad stats of fcffdrs exists in that coun
ty, and calls on the G jvernor to send the ,
people some protection,
It is the duly of the citizens everywhere to
organize for their mutual protection, . hunt up
and destroy these outlaws and robbers where- '
ever found. This course has been pursued in
several counties with good results.
Wo devote considerable space in to-day's
issue to the proceedings of meetings held by
our soldiers in the field. Those we publish,
and indeed, every meeting that has been heM,
breathe a lofty and patriotic devotion to the
Confederate cause, and declare an unalterable
determination to continue the struggle until
our independence is achieved.
Let the people be true to themselves, and
our armies will stand by and defend them to
the last. The battle-scarred and war-worn
legions that bear on their banners names as
proud and fu-'I of deep, historic interest as
ever gave immortality to a nation, will never
sacrifice the future by forfeiting the glories of
the past. They will never abandon a cause
that has been watered by go mueh precious
"blood. They will never be3r the .sight ci
maimed and wounded comrades bepging bitter '
bread through a conquered land, which their
valor tried in vain to save. Never, no nevnr, .
will they give up a cause, the abandonment
of which places them before the world as men
who 'admit thai Jackson died a traito r, and
that Lee deserves a halter.
The Coiixissaey-Gexekal.. The appoint
ment, bv the President, of Colonel Isaac .
St. John Coaimissary General of the Corf .'de
rate States has. been confirmed by the Senate.
The new Commissary-General will enter ju
ence cpon the discharge tf Lis duties.
We look upon the fall of Columbia as the
prelude to a glorious chaDge of luck. Some
one said to us a day or two ago, that 14 we had
reached the bottom." We are pretty low
elown, it 3 true, and it is net unreasonable
cow, to expect that " wc may go up."
-s incu ' o " on I1, s ripre- .tr;ti vrr i.f
gi oe. example to t;.c p.o
s as neceSi-ary. .4 fighting.
j p'e. ioisiHtion
C'ur gt-vf iumi.t, in nap pi y
f-r a 'period c;
w..r. h s d jTd -i its fc.trcn th thrnh tu
iBufy channels, that instead cf oi O torrent,
stroi.g enough to carry a powerful machinery,
they are obiiged to use many at d petty
streams, and adapt the machinery to tbe
power cf -propulsion that we are able to
gather to a h-ad." . A . -'
But, lucre waa much that legislation cnld
have done; and such a field for statesman
ship the world has never seen. A field fruit
ful to the hTvcst, bat without the liand to
wield tbe sick
it. Here, in North Carolina, dealiovtd by our authorities, cousisied of suctr
rnich of usefulness which mi2ht j trials as could be easily procured or re
, , . . .. plat ed elsewhere.
there was so m
have been accomplished : The. organization
of a State force ; measures fcr the arrest of
deserters ; for tlie prevention of outrages,
which thoek the public sensibil ty from day
to day which outrage's culminate in robbery
and murder --uutil there i? net a county
whert; the blo-jd of soma good ciii2ea has not
been spi led ; measures for -the improvement
of travel and transportation, by which the
gTOs neglect and criminal abuses of railroad
c-impatiies would be corrected ; measures by
which the Uose. extravagant and unnf cessary
departments, which have grown up ia the
State, cauld hve been dipened with at
lat investigated, and held to account ; prop
er aad a-lcqualo, aiid we'il diges'ed revenue
measures. All these things, ar d morn, meri
ted the attention of 'the Lpgislnturo ; aad
ought to have furuisheej occupation for a la
borious session;
It is trua, there were several highly intelli
gent meain the Legislature, find very true
and loyal n:en, but they We powerless.
Their veic carried no' weight ; they were in a
dead minority, whre party he d unmitigated
sway. On the othf-r hand, the Legislaltl;
fell ir.to the hands of a set a set of jaundiced,
narrow-minded, political pntizms and the
Thsult was, that, days, weeks, and months,
wrr.e consumed, at rnocrnous cxpeie to th
Statft, in windy, flatulent speeches1 the allies
of windy flatufcut .re8ulut:ons: denoting a
political stomach oi the most dyspeptic cast.
Habeat corpu was debated and resolved
upon, until the ghosts of the ancient fathers,
who bad a hand in the organization of th
eoastitutiouid prescriptions about habeas corpus,
yeileJ aad shrieked from beyond tbe grav, at
the ludicrous and nonsensical patches and
plasters which had been put on their work.
Impressment : Here vsas food fwr profound
philaaophy ono hundred aad seventy-five
pcur.ds of it solid weight. Icnpressineut was
denisnstrated to be gove-rnnintai robbery,
the rfiasoa of the thing King iliustrattd in
this wise: as though a man were to hunt out
a plan by which he might fill raore fEce and
piacc3 of tru-it tiiaa the emstitution allowed, and
on these get salaries two or more, and evade tlie
service. This would be fair and lflgal. There
fore, the seizure of a korse or a mule, under a
law of (JongrofS acwrd'iDg to tbe conditions
prescribed by the law this is robbery. Sec
Hodges' logic, or Hallatn on constitutional
Law "page .
And to, under these, leaders, the labors of
i
three months, at fifty dollars a day and
mileage, wound up with a bill to "promote the
dfficiency" e.f the Heme Guard, tho appoint
ment of -sixteen hundred Justices of the Pence
Yaukees, deserters, boys under age, and
refugees from counties occupied l y the en my;
the appointment of Mr. Sand. F. Phiilips to
any quantity of auditing of blockade accounts;
and, the promotion of Surgeon Gen. Warren to
be Brigadier General.
In the agonies of this last laborjjthe Lsgis
lature expired. When people cemc to lock
back upon it our children, or their children
it will be with intense curiosity. Nothing
like it existed, among Jews cr Gentiles, chris
ians or barbarians.
If thtre be ought under the sun, which may
be com parcel with it, by 2ppreximatioh, it is
the Confedera e Congress. That body met
in November. It is now Eear March. It
met at the ch se o f a long and . bloody cam -paign,
just at the time for strengthening the
exhausted mi iirury resources, and preparing
for the campaign. It coujd not be blind to
the dangers, and necessities of the country ;
for the cannon of the enemy-was booming in
their ears, and .he flag of hisanuy was flaunt
ing before their eyes. Had Congress passed
the measures asked for by the Government
r similar measures, or any proper measures
Shermaa would never have - seized Savan
nah. Fort Fisher would never have fallen.
South Caroliaa would not new groan under
the tread of the invaders. By prompt legis
lation, Congress could have ro-brgmize 1 the
aimy, paid the soldiers, brought back the ab
sentees, established the currency, aud restored
the public confidence. . Instead thereof, it has
talked, debated and debated, and talked, unti,
now the preparations of the enemy, for the
campaign about to begin, are well nigh com
pleted, while Gen. Lee has been left to employ
to tho best advantage the material he has on
hana...
It would be well fc r legislators to rea l the
consequence of their delay, in the light of ac
complished facts. If we have lost part f the
Confekracy, and sacrificed tnereby the ampre
means it gave. for supply, it is because. Con
gress failed to bring out the strength which
! the State itself could have afforded, to arrest
the catastrophe.- Unless thi3 thing be changed,
and more prompt, more actual aid be given
by Cor.gress to the Executive, the cat-si will
be lest lost in shame and sorrow ; and the
ren who, by this non-action, have been kept
unfetrengthenei and unrtinfoiced, will.be
sacrificed. This is plain-language; but it is
trus, and onght to be plainly spoken.
The Banki of South Carolina have advanced
one million of dollars in specie to purchase
horses for the eatvalry in that State.
!"KjM s- uth Carolina
Tt e Charlotte Jlulictin, of the Jih. cod-i
:.;us tho first ded rte hcc nnt of the fall o)
Colucobia, and the, hereabou:s of our forces,
wc h xv ot ve -n. It cays.- " -
Our latest advices from below pTace Sher-
man in p..ssetf:oa of Columbia, aoel cur arm
at Dvk"b,'abiut sixteen n.iles above on lh j
Charlotte and South Carolina railroad. Th i
contest for ihe possession of -Columbia seem I
to have been a mos obstinate rne, and th
result can ouly be attribute! to she r numeri
cal supe:iarif. ; the fightii.g, acturding t.-
accoums," havi: g bteu c-rriel on within tb
very streets ef the city. Wc are informed
that c i r nearly ail the government property
was s;ifely removed, aod tl ac wraiever v.-a:
Tie epiniim seems to be prevalent that
Sherman wi'l inmiediately inve upon th;j
line of the Charlotte and S. C R R , iu tho,
direction of this plac-.", that elated by his;
recent succef-ses, he will not stop in his ce.ursrf
unt;l he can penetrate deeply inio the thriving
o mm. reiai interior of North Carolina. We"
o nnot share this opinion of the situation.
First, becai se our army in Sherman's vicinity,
released rom ojferations up -n tne extended
line, reaching from Charleston to Columbia,
and therce to Augusta, cau concern rate and
eff ctua-ly chee k his Viiuce. Second, be
cause with Columt ia in his possession there is
n ru ct-ssitv for a muv -u.rut in the dincaou
of Charlotte, the line of communication
with the Southwest bing thus severed.
Third, because if an advance into this Statu
were absolutely necessary, the moral effect of
a succtssful movement through the North
eacturn portion of South Carolina, and thence
upon Raleigh, the capital of the State, would
be far fireatt r, of more lasting bt nefit to she
Yat keo cause, and correspondingly injurious
to ours. L ist, iiecauiie the Line-. In goCrn
meut cannot syaro the troop frwnvthe present
forces in the field, to garriioa all the placea
thoy may exp- ct to capture, and it u not wise
military policy to leave an open country to a
large opposing army in the immediate rear,
ar;d depend for suboistcccc upon the section to
be invade 1.
Whilst we canm-t lock facts squarely in the
ficcandsay that our affairs ore in a v. ry
flourishing condition, tl ore is at tle sapio
time no ju.-t cause foi trlocm and depression.
I The darRer tho h.Ue too more nofjisssary is it
that we should be hi m, vi;iant aad determin
ed. The loss of a State is not tlie; lots of the
Confederacy. A buhj front, a wise policy and
a eittermiued spirit will not fail to extricate
us froni prebent difficulties.
The following account of the fall of Col urn.-
bia we cli from the Richmond Dispatch, ef
Saturday last. By this account, it appear?-
that Columbia was evacuated without a fight:
C duaibia has f;dh n. Sherman mareheel
intoa.-id td k possession of the city yesterday
moi l ing. Thic intrliigence was communi
cated yesferday by GcLeral Brauiegard in au .
oilieial likpatch.-
. Columbia is, situated on the north bunk of'
tho Coiigaree river, just b'iow the oiniflneneo
of the Saluda and Broad 'rivers. From Gen.
Be-atUTgaid's dispatch it appears that on
Thursdaye-ieidug the ei e ;.y approached tlie?
south bank tf the Congareo a;.u tiirew a num
ber of shells into the city. Doriijsr . the
night they moved itp the river, and yeste-day
morning forded the Saluda and Broad. Wl iLst
th' y ' were crossing these livers,- our troops,
uteler General Beauregard, evacuated Cojuru-
bia. Tiie enemy i-ocn after took posses.1 ion.
Through "private sources we Lara that
two days ago. when it wTasdecid ;d not to at
tempt the de-eiice of Columbia, a large rju-iu-tity
eff medical stores, which it wa.; thought
in; possible to remove, were destroyed, 'i lio
fomaSc 'employ -est ot the Treasury Depart
ment had been previously sent off to Char
ledte,. a hundred milts north of Columbia
We presume the Tieasury lithographic estab
lishment was also removed, th ugh, as to this,
w. Lave no positive information.
The fail ol Cedumbia uec ssitates, wc pre-
sume, the evacuation of Charleston, which,
we think likely, is a'.rcady in piocsiof exe
cution. It is impossible to say whillier Sher
man will n xt direct his colunjns.- Th gen
eral opinion is that h will gO to Charlc-stou
aiid 4-stabiisb a base ; brt we confess we eh
n,ot tixie v. hat need he ha3 of a base. It is to
be presumed h i is subsisting on the countiy,
and 1 e 1 a-i Lad no batilo to exhaust his aw
mut.ition. Before leavii g Savantinb, he do
cland his intention to march to Columbia,
thetce to Augusta, aud thence to Charleston:
This was uttered as a boast, and to hide his '
desfgns. We are disposed to bolieve that ho
will next strike at Charlotte, North Carolina,
whjeh isa hundred miles north, of Columbia,
on the Charlotte and Columbia railroad ; or at
Florence, South Carolina, the junction of tho
Colombia and Wilmington and the Charleston
and Wilmington railroads, some tinety miles
east cf Columbia,
FROM WILMINGTON.
We copy the following from the Wilmington
Journal of the 18th: '
.Rumors were abroad this morning that Fort
Anderson had fallen, or been evacuated yet-ter
day evening. This ip not so, for the enemy
kept up their firing nearly all night, which
would not have been the case had the Fort fall
en into their hands.
It was reported here last night and this
morning that the enemy had made sundry - as
saults upon Fort Andersen and been repulsed.
We do not know that this is not so, but we do
not know that it is. We rather, incline to
doubt it, as we da anything of which we have
no definite or official information.
It is reported that the enemy has landed a
fdrce on the west side of the Cape Fear Rivet,
and attacked Fort-Anderson with infantry.
Possible.
We have heard guns, believed to be at An
derson, even while writing this article The
Fort is wiere it always w?s on Brunswick
Point, puel the Confederate flag'stili Coats over
it. This is all wc kr.ow, anel oar wish is to
kec jTpestf d ourselv-s, and to keep our readers'
pcsteJ. Of course all sorts of repsns will
find their way into the country and accumulate
as they go, but we warn our leiders cot to
place any confidence in rumors, unless they
can trace them to a reliable source. The
newspapers are n't perfect, but we think that,
"upon the whole, the dailies of this place will
be found much more reliable than street ru
mor, or the tales of the ''reliable gentleman."
If anything really reliable retches us before
goii g to prets, of course, we shall give it to
our readers. .
-The Wilmington North Carolinian, of the
J8tb,. contains the following
The. enemy yesterday afternoon was en
gaged in shilling Fort Anderton, with one ot
his monitors. The firing continued until late"
in the evenitg, and was,.we understand, of a
severe character. The: c is a rumor on the
street this morning that Fort Anderson has
uJVm, It?! w ro.r.vd rJ-e- repoi t r mat nr;
:i d ; or-ly s ii -ati-Vfiid.
- V. c iwd-rs:'-.i:d, however, ou a-uh -rity th.it
cani-wt t o doubled, t!kat tho uemy'a land
fitevshal been U" nJy ni.frivd a. .d" that
he hs'jr trans:-rrrd his r.ra'n f-rce t ho riht
b ii k uf.the rivi-r. Wc have rr rnii tbpliMTe
thr.t he is now advanjipg in heavy toicc from
the direction of.Sniithville. It would be well
for our people to bo. prcpareei f r the worst.
We publish this much in order that our read
ers in town ma"-ha've the beu-fir of the infor
mation. We regard reticence at . this time,
and iuthe pec'tliar circumstances of this place
as highly criminal. . N
FH0M rETERSBURQ.
The "Express" of Friday says that tbe
enemy have kept tip, for the past two days
and nights,- a most terriMe uprc-ar ofruru
blowinii ?nd drum -beat ing. His irain? have
been running tx, and all external appear
ances wt-uM seem, to indicate movements of
unnsual acrivity.
A deserter of far mi re thrn ordinary intel
ligei ce, and 'seeming respectability, who
came into our lines Tuesday night, staU-d that
Grant had teM to City-Point s nce the Satu;
elay night previous from the lei't, not less thn
iht thousand men.. This deserter . states
that the impression in the army was, these
men w-'rc going south e.ither t6 Neverr'l
or to Sherman. As (Jrant vainly endeavored
to reach the Boydtop plank ?nd the South
Side railroad in;his last movement, we think
it probable that he wi'l now reiuforee it some
peiut further South, and endeavor to make
that part'ef his pre gramme a suc cess beyond
pertidvcLture.
The enemy are deserting" in large numbers,
despite the extrao;dinary precautions of Oraut
to pi event it. The men w trc greatly encour
aged at tho recent pr t.pect for peace, but that
great desideratum. being- now considered more
remote than ever, they . bflve determined to.
rid themselves of "war's rrde alarms' at any
cost. The.-woods aud swamps in reir of
Grant's HneV are s.rid to be f lied with desert
ers, while not a few come through the front
aud give themselves up.
--
At a meeting ot the citizens of Mecklen
burg county, held in Charlotte, N. C. on the
16th inst., a. committee appointed to present
soma plan for home defence, made the follow-
ng report:
Charlotte, N. C, Feb. 16, 1865.
The committee appointed to pregjnt a plan fcr
an organization for home defor.ee, submit tbe fol
lowing report, viz: They find that in the organi
zation of the armies of the Confederate States, to
resist invasion by the Federal forcesall the active
arid able bodied.young men of the county, whoso
circumstances enabled them to do so, responded
promptly to the first.call to arms, and now consti
tute tho body of the army of the Confederacy;
that ia order t,o strengthen and reinforce- those ar
mies, all the able-bodied men between the age? of
18 and 45 years, have been called by the laws of
Congress, and are now iu service ;'that to provide
a more immediate defence for our homes, all those
able to buar arms, bttween 17 and 50 years, havo
boen organized into wbakis known as thr Home
Guar i, which is. intended for the defeneo of tho
country within the liinits of the State. . They find
that tb only remaining material of wbiHany or
ganization may bo forn.cd to aid in the common
struggle for liberty and independence foroursclvos
and. posterity, aad tho protection of our immediate
hearthstcnes, consist of those citizens who have,
passed the age of fifty years, but whose vigorous
constitutions .will enable them to bear arm?, in
short periods of service, within the limits of their
county, cr voluntarily in adjoining counties or
elsewhere, and those citizens who have been ex-
4 empt from service in' the regular army on account
.of 'disability, bat who aro, nevertheless, able to
perform the duty hereiiij .contemplated. Your
comuiitiee believe that in that class of citizens an
efiactivo force cin bo formed for county defence,
which can organize' as mounted infantry or oth
erwise, ia the second class of guard for home de
fence, which duty is confined to the limits of tho
county in which they reside. Y-ur committee
recommend that this organization bo prepared for
at oaco, by havicg tbe names of all who will
thui volunteer, enrolled ; and that to effect this,
two active citizens be appointed in each neighbor
hood, who shall present the list for signature to
every man in their neighborhood, and w-ho shall
keep a list cf all who refuse to volunteer; and
that both lists be reported at the time the volun
teers meet for orgumation ; that thid volunteer
force mee in Charlotte, on. Monday, the 20th
inst., and organize by the election of ofliccrs.
The report of tbe committee was received
and adopted, and a committee of two from
each captain's district was appointed to carry
out ar.d.iifect the organizations. recommended.
Tho meeting also recommended that similar
orgsnizations be formed in ah the counties of
the State.
The people of Mecklenburg havo gone to
work in earnest, aud we suggest to the people
every wheie to follow their example...
- r 'O''
Captuee of a. Famous Confeierate
ScuUX. We copy the following accouat of
the capture of Sergeant Win. M. Waterbury,
3rd North Carolina Cavalry, from the Rich
mond Enquirer :
Sergtaut Wra. M. Waterbury, a famous
Confederate scout, whose deeds of daring would
form the staple of a roraarce, wasscvciely
wounded by a prhoner be had taken a few
days ago. He had enteied the enemy's line,
and, stumbling upon a detachment of Yan
kees, inquired the way to a Yankee regiment,
to which he. pretended to belong. Jle was
placed in charge of one of the men, who es
corted him towards the command, but while
on the way he suaiched his escort's rifiV, v.nd,
leaveling it at his head, ei joined silence, and
lead biiu captive into the woods. The two
finally sat down to rest, and Waterbury, S'on
af ter, thinking lis taptive asleep, gave way
to the iLfluence hiu self, and tbe -Yankee dis
covering it, seizni the rifle anel thot him
through the lungs. Waterbury, at last ac
counts, was at City" Point, in au imprcvit g
condition. lie is a native of Faye'tteville, N.
C, and a member of D erringer's brigade.
AtxiiDENlv- We learn that a little son of
Mrs. Rebecca Sneedcn, aged about six year,
was acci leully shot in her own yard, cn Dry
Pond, ycateiday afternoon, by a soldier, who
wa3 carelessly practicing with his gun. The
bill struck tne little feilowin the side, makiug
a severe flesh wound, firing in tho streets
is a dangerous habit, the penalty for which
canuot, be too rigidly enforced by our town au
thorities. Wil. Journal.
We learn that the raiding party of Yankee
cvalry, who were reported to be advancing
by way of Tarboro, nn the WcfWon Railroad,
have returned to Wahiujjt n. We have as
yet been unable to obtain any infcimatiou as
to the amount f damage done by. them.
A letter from Calcutta to theLordon Times,
sye that not ts than tixty thousand persons
were drowned, or otherwise killed by the lato
terrible cy clonal s'rm which- swept j that
Xi. -uify.
Lieut. J. Tylor Wood, C. S. N.t has been
promoted to the rank of Captain, for raeritcri-
I chs services. Uiek. senstnti.
BEl'OKTgQK TllK PUESHKSOCXATlOff""
From' ( hailefita.t.
.CII VULKSTO.V, Ftb. 14Tbc c..
j boat and ono monitor have been hcHinp
in our immediate front. Nothing deflnite fro
abov. .
The enemy keep nr a stalv shilling the city.
CHARLESTON, Feb. 15.-A11 qnlet along 0
lines. The enemy this morning are reported to
be moving in force near Coluuibh, on the Lex
ingtod road. It ia reported that they crowed the"
Coogaree to-dsy.
. Gen. Lee's Order.
RICHMOND J,n. 16. Gen. L'a General
Order, Xo. 1, assuming command of the Confcdc
rate Arciier, contains the following passages:
" eeply impreesed with the dinicultiesand r
sp nsibility ot the position, humbly tnv&fcinz tho
aid of Almighty Ood, I rely fer fucccs?, upna
the courage and fort Hade of tho army, Mrstnir.od
by tho patriotiem and fi nun ess of the people cf the
onnederacy, that their united effortg,ntder the
blcrsing of lleavcn, will pecure peace.
Ccnfcderatc Concrcss.
RICJ1MOND, 'Ftb. IC.-The C"ou,e Pacd
SffTeral Senate bills, incladh. a bill io proviso
for thi remission of penalty for non-delievry of
tithe bacon, due 1SC4. Aiid a bill exempting
map!e sugar from tithes.
The bill Irom the apecial committee providing
for the employment of negro troops, was takea
up. Whereupon, the IJou resolved itself into
secret session. Yeas 38, nays 35. W
IilcnMO.VD, Feb. U.-In the Senate, the ex
emption bill was recommitted the Committee m
Military affairs. Senate bill to provide tor re
orginatioit of troops taken op; Johnston of La.,
moved to transfer the LH1 to secret calendar, poccf.
ing which-, the Senate resolved into secret sewion.
ortbern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 16. In tbe Xorthcrn papers
of the Hth, including the the evening e dition of
the American, much space is devoted to the pro
ceedings and speeches of the great war met ting
in Richmond. In the House of Representative?,
Dawson ottered a resolution requesting the Presi
dent to usjc all -honorable means to bring about
peace, with every proper -guarantee, which shall
protect the Houthrrn States in the enjoyment of
their rights laid on the table by-a vote of 7?
agninst 42.
Williams t ffV-ie-d a bene rf resolutions declar
ing it would be incnxifteYit with honrtr and di"-
nity to make further offers to the rebels. This
was also tabled, 81 against 52. .
Senator Mojgan was nominated as successor
of Fcsscndt n.'but the nomination was withdrawn.
Cairo tckgiauisof the Uth says the immense
fleet that wnt up the Tennessee river has reached
there, crowded with troops, army material, 3.
It numbers fifty-six steamers. Oeaercl A. J.
Smith's forces are m board, bound down the Mi-
sissippi river.
Twenty-one vessels laden with cotton from Sa-
vaenah, arrived at N Y. on tho 14th.
Gold 208.
Yankee Movements In Eastern 5T. V.
GOLb SliORO', Feb. 19.-A Yankee force from
Neivbetn, soma five hundred 'itionjr, passed
through Greenville yrsterday', and when Ust
heard from, were advancing: on Tarboro. It is
thought to be a mere raiding rarty.
General Raker is after them.
Another party are reported coming up tho
south side of tho Nense. This needs confirma
tion. No trouble anticipated. S.
Kxchnngccl or Prisoners.
The follow-in? dispatch hss been received by
Lt. Gen. Holmes:
. RiciiaoNt, Ftb. 17.
To Lteut.-Gcn. Holmes:
A General exchange of prisoners Las been agreed
upon. All will hs delivered in fifteen days.
J. A. CAMP HEM
Awt. Sec'y efWari
From M'llmlnsto;!.
WILMIXGTOX, Feb. lSl-Tbe enemy shelled
Fort Anderson furioutly on yesterday afternoon
and nearly all night and this forenoon. It is re
ported a land force also attacked oar forces' at
Fort-Anderson, but were repulsed. Cannonading;
still ging on at one p. m.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 19. Northern papers of tfco
ICth hat been received.
Thedaft did not take place on the 5th.
A Washington telegram says preparation for
the draft will be consummated as rapidly as possi
ble. If volunteering ia activo it may be indefi
nitely postponed.
European dat-s 2d received. News aaizapor
tant. Gold in New York 203.
1,. k
A little g'rl was cne night under the starry
sky, intcudy meditating upon th; glories of
tho heaven?. At Ia?t, l-;kirig tip t) the pky,
she said : " Father I bvo been thinking if the
wrong t-ide of heaven us bo lwautiful, what
wi 1 the right tside be."
Raid en Watsksvillb. Col. Kirk, with
three or four hunarrd meo, iade a rai l cn
Waynetvi'de, Haywood county, last Fridy.
There are so many rumors in r gard to the mat
ter th-it it it iuipos.tiblo to arrive at the truth.
Capta. TeoguoaiKiMin s, with a few men, at
tacked him, but with what rveult we ire unable
to learn. One report is .that the Jil and two
or three private dwellings were buroed, and a
large number ef tf grces at d horees carried ctT.
We shall probabbr receive an authentic account
ot the affiir in a few days.
CqxedeeateTaxE4 Co'. D.O. Maxwell,
Tax Collector for this county, has furnished
us a tbie phowirg th aniount of the Gjn
fideratfi tax paid m Meckhnbnrg during tho
year 18C-4. Tfie .Specific tax $10S80. tax cn
Sab-s 370 800 S7,on Neat C.Mi- $7,7o8 23
in Prope-rty and Credit $l,Got5 2, on Pre -tin
above 25 per cant. $25,01 09, oa ten per
additional tax $33 40U CI, t-n 30 per cent, do
$G 325 05, Advalorern 6 I er cent, tux ?200f
2b 26, on .Va'arica 899 93, 0:1 Incomes
$202,900 y , .Soldiers tax 97,029 00. Total,
$701,094 75. Cluxilotte Democrat.
-
. '1 be Raleigh Standard, of the I0:h, opp
the r rming of slaves, lecats? it would d'itroy
slavery; wnd in another article, iu the tme
i8Ue, afiinua ihjl slavery is already dctJtroycd
in any event. The first article was deiigcel
t eotoeble car le-fet.ee ; the second, to re
concile us to feu' rnitsion to the ierut! of Al
1 ham Lincoln. Thcro U cot,t;itet cy in t ifl
loconsibteucy. Richmond bcntuul.
The 55'.h lament K. C Troop hereto
fore in Davis Krigadc, lia been transferred to
Uookc'd liriade.