the only one who fails to exercise
that right Brother farmer, do you
attempt to fix a price on any goods
you buy from your merchant or black
smith or anything you buy from any
one else? Os course not. Do you fix
the price of your railroad ticket or
your doctor bills 7 Oh, no. Every
other man, whether merchant, me
chanic or manufacturer, counts first
the cost and fixes a price above that
cost that insures him a profit, but the
farmer alone doesn’t even know the
cost of the article he produces, doesn’t
even realize that his labor has a
money value and instead of fixing and
holding for his own price, he sells it
to the highest bidder and leaves him
self without profit on his labor. He
buys in the highest and sells in the
lowest market in the world. And he
will continue a bankrupt as long as
these conditions obtain. The Farm
ers’ Union is here to change all this.
As individuals you are as helpless as
infants. Organization gives you the
strength of a giant and we beseech
you for your own sake, for the sake
of your helpless wives and children,
to join us now. Line up with us and
help in regaining your rights and your
freedom, and all sensible men know
that we can do this only by organiza
tion and the co-operation. Brother
farmer, this issue is in your hands.
If you remain idle and indifferent the
web will be drawn about you tighter
and tighter day by day and you will
sooner or later realize that you are
no longer a free man but a sslave —
Farmers’ Advocate.
STAND BY THE UNION.
The Farmers’ Union has been stead
fast in its contention for the agricul
tural classes to remain true to certain
principles in the business affairs of
its membership. It has been charged
by certain venal newspapers—those
who sell their editorial utterances for
a few paltry dollars of public patron
age—that the Union is going into poli
tics and is, therefore, dangerous.
With all the trusts, the farmers can
not be blamed for at least voting in
telligently upon the public issues con
fronting the country. The Commer
cial knows that in the three last presi
dential elections the corporations act
ually furnished all the money neces
sary to elect a president, United
States senate and house of represen
tatives, thereby controlling the execu
tive and judicial branches of the gov
ernment with the money of the peo
ple. It is certainly not treason for
the plain citizen to exercise his right
of suffrage as he see fit.
The Farmeis’ Union is not a politi
cal organization, but stands now, and
ought to stand forever, for the sa
cred rights of the humblest citizen.
Upon this basic principle it will live
on while its enemies will perish by
their own narrow selfishness and av
arice.—Georgetown Commercial.
IN FAVOR OF HUMANITY.
“We hope that all our farmers and
workingmen will join the Farmers’
Educational Union. The Union move
ment is a movement in favor of hu
manity. It is only through co-opera
tion that we will ever be able to stop
the aggressions of capitalistic and
corporate greed. It is only by organ
izing that the popular rights can be
secured. The few who are already in
the saddle will continue in control as
long as the workingmen and the
farmer remain Helots and allow them
selves taxed to death to support the
rich corporations which are making
large dividends on watered stock.
“There are enough farmers and
workingmen in this country to right
every political wrong if they will only
organize and work for the benefit of
many against the encroachments of
a lew.
“Let us all go out, join the Union,
and work for the good of our coun
try.”
We clip the above from the Cordele
Rambler for the reason that it ex
presses our opinion so fully in so
much better language than we can
command. The banner has contended
all along that money was the ruling
power, that sooner or later, there
must come a revolution,' a reversal
of things, when men will be rated by
intrinsic value, and not by dollars
and cents. Money has ruled until the
middle classes —the common people—
are mere tools and serfs, and yet
when an election comes round, a large
number of them allow themselves to
be hoodwinked into voting for a hu
man .octopus by the “dirty politician’s’’
cry of, we want a man who has been
SUCCESSFUL, and the poor fools
never stop to think that success in
this world’s goods does not always
mean an honest man, and that per
haps every dollar of the wealth of the
so-called SUCCESSFUL man has
been wrung from the hand of labor by
means and methods that are anything
but right and honorable.
Again, we say to the farmers and
laboring people—those who produce
wealth —get together and see to it
that your rights are respected—vote
your convictions and stop pandering
to the ill-gotten gains of the MONEY
SHARKS. —The Turner County Ban
ner, Ashburn, Ga.
TEXAS FARMERS GETTING INDE
PENDENT.
The farmers of Texas are perhaps
more prosperous at this time than at
any period that can be recalled in
the history of the state. The sale
of the big cotton crop they produced
last year at good prices has put the
farming element of this state consid
erably to the good, and within the or
ganization known as the Farmers’
Union, they are making a very deter
mined fight against debt in every
form this year. Members of that or
ganization are cautioned concerning
the evil influence of the mortgage,
and are counseled to obtain the
financial assistance they need among
themselves. In other words the farm
ers of Texas have grown so opulent
that they are now proposing to take
care of one another in cases where
financial assistance is required to
make a crop, and that is a display of
independence never seen in the agri
cultural ranks in this state before. —
Ft. Worth Telegram.
The first local was organized in
Washington county, Ark., in Novem
ber, 1905. Today the county has 85
locals and a membership of about
4,000. Practically the whole county is
unionized and the people are greatly
pleased with the result.
HMM
RESTRAINT OF TRADE.
Legal Action May Be Brought Against
the Harriman System.
New York, March 1. —The Sun’s
special from Washington, D. C., says:
Members of the interstate com
merce commission who have returned
here from New York appear to be of
the opinion that the exidence disclos
ed at the hearings in the Harriman
inquiry, just closed, would justify the
president in recommending the enact
ment of laws aimed at the overcapital
ization of railroads engaged in inter
state commerce. The opinion was
also expressed today that the evidence
collected at New York and elsewhere
demonstrates conclusively that the
Harriman lines are operating in re
straint of trade, and that a suit against
them under the provisions of the
Sherman anti-trust act could be suc
cessfully prosecuted in the courts. It
is understood that a conference will
soon be held at the department of jus
tice, at which a decision, will be reach-
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
ed as to whether proceedings shall be
Instituted against the Harriman rail
road consolidation.
* H *
ABOUT STATESMEN.
“The fact that the German emperor,
in his speech from the throne at the
opening of the new reichstag the other
day, warmly indorsed the coming sec
ond Hague peace conference, has not
been treated with the importance it
deserves by the world at large, in my
opinion,” said Representative Richard
Bartholdt, oj St. Louis, who is also
president of the American branch of
the Interparliamentary Union, and a
prospective delegate to the forthcom
ing gathering at Holland’s capital.
“The kaiser,” Mr. Bartholdt contin
ued, “added that he ‘would be there.’ I
suppose he meant that he would be
represented in the convention, as it is
hardly likely that he expects to go as
a delegate, although there is no doubt
the convention would extend to him a
hearty welcome if he should present
himself in that capacity.
“How’ever, the significant part of
the kaiser’s utterance is that he is
friendly to the second peace congress.
At the first congress, you may remem
ber, while his attitude was not hos
tile exactly, it was neither enthusias
tic nor cordial. It is certainly gratify
ing to the advocates of international
or universal peace to learn that the
German kaiser has become a convert
to the ideas; for beyond a doubt he
is the most powerful factor for either
peace or war on the continent of Eu
rope today.
“Less than a week ago I received
a letter from Andrew Carnegie in
which he wrote:: ‘lf we can only en
list Emperor William in our cause,’
(meaning peace by arbitration, ‘our
success is assured.’ This letter was
written before the kaiser delivered his
speech to the Reichstag.
“I have had the honor of meeting
the kaiser several times. The last
time was two years ago, just after the
adjournment of the Interparliament
ary peace conference, held at Brus
sels. The delegates were.invited to
Berlin as guests of the emperor. Be
fore he received us at the Schloss pal
ace we were escorted out to the Tem
pel Hoffen-field, which is an immense
military parade ground. There we
witnessed the most magnificent mili
tary spectacle I ever beheld. Fully
26,000 men were drawn up in line,
and every one of them was six feet or
over. They went through their ma
neuvers with a dash and snap and
accuracy that was marvelous. They
moved with clock-like precision, and
their gorgeous uniforms, glistening
bayonets, and shining helmets made a
truly magnificent and impressive pic
ture.
“It struck me as a rather odd, in
congruous spectacle, however, to pre
sent to delegates to an international
peace conference.
“Later, when the emperor received
us at the Schloss, I could not refrain
from mentioning this fact to his ma
jesty.
“ ‘I have never witnessed a grander
sight, your majesty,’ I said to the
kaiser, when I was presented to him,
‘than the parade of this afternoon, but I
am afraid that such exhibitions do not
make for the universal arbitration and
peace the delegates to the Brussels
congress have been striving for.’ ”
“ ‘My dear Mr. Bartholdt,’ said the
emperor, placing his hand on my
shoulder and speaking in English,
‘the best arbitration is to have your
battalions ready!’
“I did not quote the kaiser’s remark
to the members of the press at the
time, as it seemed to me to be too per
sonal, but since he has joined our
ranks, so to speak, I guess there
will be no impropriety In my making
it public.”
Senator LaFollette, of Wisconsin,
has been one of the busiest men at
the Capitol this session, and he has
accomplished results against tremen
dous odds. Few senators at the open
ing of the session believed that La-
Follette would be able to get his six
teen-hour railroad bill through the
senate, and most of them were cer
tain that if it were passed by the sen
ate it would be practically emascu
lated at the other end of the Capitol.
The attempt was made to amend
the life out of the bill in the house,
but it failed. The junior Wisconsin
senator smiled with keen satisfaction
on Saturday when Informed that the
house had rejected the committee
amendments to his bill, and passed it
without change. A few days ago the
outlook was very dark for the bill.
A powerful lobby was fighting it, ably
assisted by senators and members bit
terly hostile to LaFollette.
The inside story of the fight over
this bill would, it is said, make mighty
interesting reading. Here is an inci
dent that occurred early in the ses
sion: A senator, whose interests are
more or less mixed up with railroads,
so the gossip runs, dropped casually
into a seat just in front of Mr. La-
Follette. “Senator LaFollette,” the
senator is reported to have said in a
low conversational tone, “if you in
sist upon pushing your sixteen-hour
bill for consideration, to the detriment
of some matters I am interested in,
I will follow you as long as I am in the
senate.”
“I certainly hope you will do so,”
Mr. LaFollette answered quickly. “I
have grown fat for the last fifteen
years,” he added, “on just such talk
from blankety-blank railroad lobbyists
like you.”
The senator got up and walked
quietly to his seat. Later he returned
and apologized.
* * •
“The contest over the minority lead
ership of the next house,” said a prom
inent representative from the south,
“is purely academic at this stage.
Nothing will be settled about it before
next winter, unless there should hap
pen to be an extra session of con
gress in the meantime, which is not at
all likely.
“Nothing could be more absurd than
the statement that has been made
that De Armond had got a majority of
the minority members pledged to vote
for him. As a matter of fact, his clos
est friends, those who are in a posi
tion to know, frankly almit that he is
fifteen or twenty votes shy of the
requisite number to control the Demo
cratic caucus.
“The injection of Henry, of Texas,
and Moon, of Tennessee, into the fight,
if such it can be called, will have the
result of reducing the number of De
Armond’s ‘pledges,’ I fancy. They
will both draw from De Armond’s sup
port, but, in the last analysis, you will
find both Henry and Moon throwing
their strength to Williams.
“If John Sharp Williams is victori
ous in the senatorial primaries in Mis
sissippi next August, I imagine that
the opposition to his leadership of the
minority would disappear entirely.
Personally, I do not believe that he is
anxious to hold the job. I -think the
talk of opposing him was started by
some one for the effect it would have
on the senatorial fight in Mississippi.
Os course, if it could be made plain
that Williams had been repudiated by
his party associates in congress, it
would injure his prestige at home, and
might give Vardaman an easy victory
for the senate.
“If De Armond or any other man
has a majority of votes pledged to
him, let him publish the list. That
would be convincing. Nothing short
of it wiU be.”
w .... , n iir .
5