THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. May II. ISC. - -
meut
The $5 Notes.
N i tne will take from us the Five Dollar .
Note- at par, and we must therefore fleclin?
receiving them except at the same discount '
the large Notes cf tbc old Issue are subject
to. We dislike very much to bo compelled
to lite asnotnc'ment ; bat the outside pressure
- Glorious old tlrglnia.
Wnile the mischievous agitators ii. N.nh
Carolina are whiniug over their sufferings and
Tying" " this war has lasted long enough it
must bj svpped on the bos; terms we can
g t : " coming, too. fioui men who have iu tit
folt any of the euffcrings arising from th;
war, stud in a 9tats thit has Rat endure 2 a
: :he wf wr-jo, .jutrSge and oppression fr n
!. hand of th Yankee var.daii that Vir-
haa. th?rc U hfi tit
ij '
. . . . . . . J - l 1 y- -1 - T
:r DOyiOcULse"., atva mat j-.
vo'oo f:n
ad eterrafvM;..:3o. r.ctii the Y&aku i
jri?23 frvn ber::! sal ;.:d-wa Itx of
r-n;ba :j established.
Nr d-J we hear in Virginia any alarm e.t-p-scil
-i'trct tbo liberties of tht people b- in
taken frj-a thorn, and ft miliary d-spot!irn
Jwiug attfcii o'or them ; albeit, w rtfie
of ha' pip.;r-i hia i, VirgibU U a jealous
cf h'-r liberties as any oiher State. Her
tsrw bavo n..-t the elisfctKt thought "of ever
viehtim: th-r iibdrtU-- to any una.. And yet
4j:h ai.-yhouals hiva hoc a G.TC.to.u
tbsrt, c v "the r.e cA' the habeas corpus act,
t njo-.n t pwisi.iss tho- minds of some of our
Ki!o.v-c;t-z)::i iu t'liSuj .The people
bar- . wp?rUut L tho l..-.vst
aa.l cim-cn: t.hci- V:y..;h'i r.r.d their energies
tO thcIGSitUW vl U"Ut il'di Wll 3 14
It vill fo! wen gttat the ftmy has com-
ced S$Wltpon Gervlaliowjnd
been haudsomely: rrpulswfclji
dfs ndtgtfe the exnt of: lnin kuw
wounded on eitfv r side, and only the number
of prUonera taken by oar troop. He srv.
hDirercr, we have to mourn the 1 of many
brave officers aad men. We may tberefora
expect a bloody account when the foil de
tails of the engagement cfcrne to handr -
Tho force engaged were thoae belonging to
Gens. Hill and . Ewell'e corps in . both of
which were many North Crolin Begiments.
TLe N. C. Regiment in Eweil'B Corps, are
, .he ld. 3.1. 4,h, CO. Uh. HA. SO. . S.
30th, C2d, 48d, 45th, aa, ana uu..
In Geu. Hili'd Corps the 7th, 'llth, 13th,
15th, 16th, lSth,22J, 26th, 27th, 25th, 6d,
S4th, S7th, 38th, 44tb, 40tb, 47th,-48th, 621,
! 53.i, and 5th. -
We kov th?30 nrave o:a veiarau i-
have equalled the valor displayed on many
K,ti.r!,!:- -and while we a wait with
i impatience to hoAr f thir glorious deeds, we
i trprnl le lest the account shall tell of many a
1 salknt aldier Uul ly'vr,iid many maimed for
I -lift. r destined to Utuish reary -weea
?r r,n fiiid fiuffcrinz from wounas reoeivea.
... ,
Confederate Congress. .
8iniitWednP, iSlay1 4th. 1864.
'oi XortnlvaroUna, onerjd ;too
tina no be this s-irt of cbloyaUy in North
Car?ut$ua nutil North Carciina had fcKeu-baad-,
edjurico dnt b'.r. ' ; ?
ffAiu iiuiThir 1 jConreion:ii District of Xom'
t. i :.! v, mnsf Reall, That the thtnkt of onr tecj!4
ram mat mb wu ; u . ' Ui. ft..a
qte.tr?a. would fall Ur short ot tho Tv, ;Td p.r-e i7.
rt aimea ot J !oum wr w.jw awmi;, CnfderatSute Hnate, in hi able defzM
i;angres uuu t.. . . - ' district iiaci eni. its iuu
hereby tendere i, to M:jor-Geiral rlooert I . cnciU8i,,Q w il0pea ai
II ,ke and Commander J ime Cvfee,au.l oUeiy loWther.
the .ffiers anU m-n uiwr ;aetr-cmmau,
for the brilliant victory over tho.tfreriiy at
Pirmnth Worth CarofiDa."
" Rtfdvedbathi Congress of thi Confide-
Ly-dsr JSrn lit thfi lhanks of 4
race auto vj - -
0.
should w fci ro viimetitOil as lo ly ,aorn CUP tm acainft the charge of trtaon4ti 4
thoso ttrma and VdtHbHudUhoiw iaxi-KafL that l kwnltTi and that " regard hlto.a an Letra
Owgrees are due, antl aro noreoy teuiert,
Brigadie'r-GeueTHl 'Joseph Fionegan and tne
.rfnra and men ot ' hU ciifomand, far toe
skill and gallantry displayed iu ach'-evia the
signal victory of Ocaa FJnd, Fioriua, oa Ve
3U r a to M wr Xn with trw lope, that &Jh dlU CoBierra- .-bn W Cunnmgluim. E,q , appoint.
jU a.o ire war. u i . w . . , rtnrtn ta te the Governor sui
could work nirmosi- ve HHr otr- suni.., r - -
tht".!iaKin even to th ee precaru.es ri:iit3 mFite twi-i aure P"r; ..
t . v .. .... . tt. ... T. v HlINT-Chair
ala. (interrupting)-, j tu7 ei Joyrd peiowinoqwrupfi..ao. .. uiuu, Wttw-.w JUrtV "
rileze of boti2 a - 1 are.mxui mjr a vain, a uai-g-r"u nwo. ",," r- r-: - .
Lie ) "p uuTe it uunjr iattin-onr no v , m j -
Mr Stph?r. cf'Tlrgu
Mr. Spakr, I ask the-urn
kiweti to asik'thff ccctleain a- question.
says he is for peac. I would thquira whst
kind of a peao mmld h "accept if" the terms
were other than thoe f independence ?
Mr. J. T. Leach l am for pace upon ihe
terms of independence. If w cnr.;t get
rhat if that is impossible. & ..woili accep-
peac that could be obtai.-eu sticr.
1 any other peac
I
:h owing
aeekitii o:ti' i'j-r.iCi;i'j :,
,f obitaci-.s . i tha iy
th" neve: oi the l-j
ray ia 'us 'io:f :'5e.
voo are w.oiin
richer tha: to Uvj
ufode-
iihi-i of too
-. . i .
40-'i
-:t those
iealous
vho s.ro fi ihtin Litioot, arj-; rt'-aui:
; i,;'V',rrith DllbliC dt.JC by
rrpin and unBnenws uistiu-0.
As re.mrki by tf.-3 P. r i n i Suttinct. a
fyw days since, there eem t li an cxtraor
diuary sensiiivetess aud jealously oa tho part
of some citizens as to the cvrcise of the power
in question, which, uuder all tbccircuwstauccs
of tho tha?4, is to us extraordinary. Ve :j&r
much cf tho danger of p-jer. Is would not
Vr lnappr;-.prr. itp nssu wouid sometimes direct
ih'ir thought? to the salutariaess of power.
?jvcr ia given tor the public good; and it U
x t?tachery aud a crime if those to whom it is
entrusted urcric Us exercise when r-qnirt d by
We ;bi s ood. Tha power ot suspetiiing
ir.e v. -rit .f h'.ib&ii 'cctpvt tvas conferred be-
oase the pubho safety, iu critioal circum
stanoes, isight require it. Surety; ao one ex
j.v3ts to boo the Coufedsracy ia a more critical
conJi"n th iu uuder the presaura of this gUi.t
n?Ar. So fat frow shuddering with pprthau
Koa fc the rxaroiae cf a rver ccuferred for
ul such occaaluu3, aod judged to be saktary
at thia time by those beat acquainted with tha
--esilieii of ho public defence, wj would
welcome its employ uent nay, ceraaud
And a tdftible hardship it is, .to bo saw,
jiat raoa whom it was designed by the tra
iners and i adyjinistrat-ora of tha Gutitu
tiou f protect, h 'ow tLemsjelvcs sr
;!morDJ3 agatnst it ! Lo-jk at our araiylld
iule.viera. iU-Ja a mm as Ljo cu exhibit
Lis pi tha suird oa the railroads, wid
;ut a word ; hut rome Ub3rty-lovirij eitizeu,
worthy. to tie Li's shoes, i greatly out
ragtnl if require! to do the sama. It. was
well remarked by iIior Koy, of the 44th
Georgia ro inent, in hi farewell to his troops,
from" whoa "disbtic- wounds had driven
h:m, "Tho patiet-ce with which yaz have
8 ihniittfcd to aeprivation of all your rights,
tncladiri tho he refits if tha writ ot kabcG3
,irpaj, i certainly a commentary upon the
conduct r-f thos at bomi who cunsidt-r it
sush an o :trv:a to be lcprlvod of its beneCtJ
'or -four months." The army wui naturally
jiake tuch remarks ; aid not the army alone,
for it is tha bvio'Mi saggeiticn of reasja and
J .
j . fbe Two Lefich's-'-M. C's. '
I We "copy- frc:.; the Richmond Examiner,
the persoa-d explanations made in Congreas
I by Messrs. Jar.es M. and James T. Leach,
I members from this State. It must have been
1 , . t.A-U fr a !5tt1p nniiti-
a ncii scci'.e. oanc r - ----
cal "piiu," but up m JTft wlyole suataias the
report tha h is noi f.,r Mr. tUden for Gov
ornor. James T. is, and James . wishes it
distinctly undorstoo l that heiiRot ik'it Leach,
entiroly a difT.rent pern.
Jasaes T.ried to mike a ele;tn,mrdf Uy
? declaiing hisnself a " pose mm', but no
submi!?fiionwt;b'it imnwdittely tifter maUit:?
this declaration, h.o wheeled about, and in
reply to Mr. Staphs, saiJ that he was for peace
upou terms of indep hnce, but if he cannot
et t.at, he is f.r p-aco on any terms short of
subluxation. It will take another " personal
tor sub-
explanation" to sh).v that he is not
s, if that ia ,4 tbc best terms
get."
we can
Worse and Worse.
We thought the story as told by Gov. Vance
against tue-seir-nomiuated, on the night the
soldiers got hold of his office, was about a?
bad as it could well be. But "the half had
not been told," until the following appeared in
the Salisbury' Watchman :
We are authorized by Mr. Iloidea to say
that Gov. Vauce done him marked injustice iu
I his notica of what took place at the tune of the
mob a Raleigh. Daily Ptogresi.
Verv likely ! Vance told bat. hulf the story
How about lidldeu diving unier the Ooveruor s
rt.,j .,-. h?.rhtf After Vanee haU reiuruu
fi-om quieting the eldwrs. and a Couifort
blv seated at his home, Mr. Hi'lden still re
aiaiaing at his house for protection, .(or to
lri.ik Bls liauor. we are told that a brass band
cuietlv drew up under the Governor a window
t ? . i. i.: . .....I V,af.M n7 i9& knOW OI
Xo serenaaq uiw , v..v.. rf . ,
tkeir prince, broke loose with a tremenaons
crash of big brass horn tnusio. This sudden
disturbance of the solera hours of rsidmgnt
was nore than Mr. Holden could bear. He
thought the Philistines were after him. and
with a bound, clasped the Governor in his arms
5k tho Afti.mRtion f..r God's take, Gov-
crnor," and then hastily dived under the Gov
! ernor's bed. And there he remained, until tne
Governor went out to see what w is the state
i of thiugs out of doors. Finding it all right,
j after making his thanks to the baud in auotner
4 speech, he returned to find Mr. Holden was
I still under the bed, &o , &c. We insist on the
5 Governor's telling the whole story, so thatMr.
i Holden shall have no room to cuaiplam o in
justice. Salisbury Watchman.
. r . 1 T . ..a . 2
We boo- gentlemen oi tne uesirucuTB .
suasion to remember that the bill offered m
the House of Represenkitivea on Wodne&day
to repeal tho Act suspending the habeas cor
vus came from Alabama, a cotton State, and
iiot from North Carolina. Progress.
What a sitv Dr. J. T. Leach could iiot
CONFEDSRATE NOTES AKD BONUS HELD DT THE
STATE.
Mr. Graham of North Cirolina, offered the
follnwing. which whs agreed lo;
Jlesoiced, That the Cmtaittoe- of Fmance
W inttrnftMf1 (rt inauire into the expediency
I of amending the act 'to fund, tax and limit
the currency passed at tee last swsh.ou
Congress, so as to provide that br.us of the
rvL'cratfl StAtps. tn be received by any
I St&:e,!n ptfruanceof the I well tb section ot
1 Act. shall be coupon bomh, and exempt
i '"rvnm tarailnn : and tfcat ail ao federate notes
of any of the old issue?, hid by any State on
the first "day of Anrih ISU, mayatlne op
tion of such State, be excha.ged tor sucli
bonds, or for Treasury note of the new issue ;
and turther, that ail ja t demands of any
State against the Omfederate Government.
acruin1 but unpaid, prior to the said, first
d-ivof April, shall be paid in Treasury notes
of tne new issue, provided -for by said act.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Upon the oottclusion ot tne reauiug i.jc
jourual.
. Jlr James M. Leach, of North Caroima. rose
to a queston oJf privilege, for the purpose of
,j:iking a persona explanation, lie was,
i in ths habit of noticing personal attacks made
upon himself in the culurausofa newspaper,
! but he held in his hand a copy of the Richmond
' Examiner, of that morning, in an editorial of
j which he read what he had interpreted to
ine.-i& a fling at North Carolina in general, ana
himself as one of her repreoenMtives, in par
ticular. Ha wouid crave the indulgenee of the
H juso while he quoted from the article com
mencing: "The eyes ef the Universe are
fixed upon those members of Cougresa from
North Carolina, returned as Peace-men cr Con-
Concfuding his excerpts fro.ro the article,
Mr. Lach said he did nut stand upon the plat
form attributed to him, "that this war had
lasted long enough." He had never maue use
of that term, although a colleague of hi3, Mr.
J. T. Lach, probably bad, and he bad been
confounded with him. He was. ready to be-
iievethat perhips the war had lasted long
eaftugh, but it was noi m too cuso u
raissionist He supposed the rumour that he
stood on a peac platform of this kind had
come up to the editor from the clamour raised
in North Carolina on one political question and
another ; he did not deny but that there had
hKn ttome clamour : but it was the clamour
for equal rights, and not the clamour for a de
grading peace. Because of those internal dis
sensions, the position of North Carolina has
been persistently ciisreprerontcd and btub
bomly misunderstood He (Mr Lech) knew
enough of his owu State to wavrint the pre-,
gumption aud assertion that all ihe vilification
and abuse heaped upot the bead of the eld
North State came from her own recreant sons,
tha press aud the men h denounce Governor
Vance ae a peaoerman. He (Mr. Leach) was
for peace on .the basw or tae tuciepenat nee w
the Canfedemtc States of America, and" that
of subjugation, xhat s what i won la an. i 7oe one prcat of the ru-oplc of this couu
' Mr. Miles, of South Carolina iHotto voce- - j try, U to ubjug-tte the people of the fruit h,
Pjace short of extrminaioa I That s what j ftnj to appropriate our property to ths liquids
it mens. - turn of their stupendous dent : aud the domi-
this prty it utferry powerie- to protect its
otcn rights and forties fiotu the .sggreseiotrs cf
imminent than ours, and thitir only hope cf de
i Hveraricc- is iu the triumph of our cants ; they
! grow weaker with every d-ft-at of ours; they
i grow stronger with every success. - At preseut
! they are writhing ia helpless wrtrcheuness. en elaborate account of ' p;i.-on life on SY.q
m; as given t y cue tf the rncr.ssd ianr.ee
prisoners. Jt in cjct Kffpinj vnu tr.c
pleaca copy.. r
. . . ICiittoQal rroci the ' North.
PBISOX Lira 0 BCLLE IsLK SY-'RY t,!r if.:
LE1 YANEKE PRXONtR.
The Baltimore American of the HCth L&i
to reporters)- Put my name down hereafter j
l fall. I don't want to be conft unded. i'm ; su
ot that Leach, . (poiuti ig U J. T) but t m
Mr. Bvrksdale. of Mississippi Umph !
Mr. Jam'S M. Leach, ot fcorth-Carolm..
ft
in
not
another Leach.
Tne Speaker called the States for tho rep .rt
of bnsiupsa.
31 r. ilandley, o ArWisas, Jrfiti -odured a
resolution instru ting the C m nittee oo mi li
tary Affairs to brine in a bill . consolidating
tho regiments not now full, aad retiring ua
w rtliy, iucompetent aud superouuatetl
oScers.
Mr. Bell, of Georgia, introtluced a preamoiQ
and resolution recommending to the C ratuitteo
oa the Judicial the establishment of a court
of claims Cr-the investigation of claims,
which was adopted.
Mr. B antord, of Gt-orgU, introduced a biu .
o auih-rijse persons who have been detailed
t. work for thr Confederate States, the same
rations as though in the army.
Mr. prkins."of Louisiana, brought in a bill
for the reliefof disabled soldiers and seamen
after the war. Al. a bill to provide for tho
transportation of soldiers &i. Al-o, a hill to
estaijUsb a Bureau for Foreign .Supplies, with
an agency in the Trans Mwsisbippi Depa;t-
naat party Is sn onger or weaker. :
peot of success ia nearer or more
is tiie pros
rem- te.
Let our people, by aoy cent, either thrcugV
submission or sut jug ittan, bo thrown on the
ercv of th!? ntin, and in? great plan will
h ive beeu censQmmated. and their success will
i have ensured the perpetuity tf the Republican
! party. What policy that party would pursue
1 in the government of our couutry is but too
I plainly tnauifested already. We gather it
daily from their Congressional action, from
their party cnvetnioii, from their leading
journals. We hear it from tbeirowu Hps. That
Vclicv would be so to humiliate the Su;h, so
to cripple her resources, so to disarm her, so
tht r aicci unts that have flfpeand in tho
Yankee patters or the barbarltnM,' " atroci-
! lie," massacres" -of the rvbetf, w hich arc
1 o;u'n up by the ab ltiti pairs to C.''
i I ii i? i ...... u , t
its armies. This account speaks of our men k;
" bnrbamuH, inbumaa wreirhes, " villains,' '
cuithioats," ami cuils the prisn a puTfecl
hell at! earth." To give some idea of iho
stories he gets up for Northern consumption,
Lr what he sr.vs ct the E:wrt&lliiy of tho
prisoners :
"The aVtrsge nun'o'T ?)f drat:. cf oui
DUscners was about one thousand per month ;
three fourths died of starva ion ; one-li.lf ot
thu remniuing fourth of cold ;iidthe reman.
lo crush hor spirit, so to quorich h(V hopes, j j,.r tf wt.unds and nstur-U disessfa."
This Yankee curre'ondeat t!u-i depicts tl
. . . i ; . i : 3 l ... -1. 1
meat.
MR. LEACH'S 5 fisT RESOI.UTIOK.
fefed
a resolution, calling up u. the Prenideht or th
Secretary of War to furnish suttsucs i.u me
numhoi of privates and om ers who nave ea
lieied from the respective States; how many
hae been conscrihed; bow many havo been
killed died, and how many have deserted, U
&c; . .. A h?na
Mr. Leach, in presenting Uie. resolution,
said he was tirwl of iho iusinulafmns thrown
out upon his State, and he was going to prove
her loyalty l-y facts and fSsjuiea.
Mr. Conrad, 'of Louisiana, paid the resolu
tion would entail great clerical labour upou
the War Department at a time when they
were very busy with other mattes, Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
a whisper be heard in claim of freedom. They
declare that tnia ws:r must be waged, net oi ly
until the rebellion is cnohed and the people
su'jagited, but that it must be prosecuted,
until the possibility of its recurrence is foreter
gone, ' To accomplish thisdeuign. tiny declare
that it is both the riubt aud tho duty of 'Con
gress to conficite tho property of our people,
both real and personal, and apportion :t asuong
their soldiers and free tmen our slaves, whom
they have stolen and liberated. They propose
to take the arms from the whit 8 and put them
in the hands f the blacks: they propose to
extend the right o: sulfi agi to the blocks, whale
among the wnites it is to be restricted to those
" '. . . ... .-4i f L) .1 U
who nave neen nostueio ineir cumry uirougu
out !hewar:'rilii;feh'Vftt in tbepr'bitnd, vindic-
ei
tive r:ige,.they W'-mld make.,vt;our courj-y -oB
lu.loniw tlult f;lt liniTh intf) til
cotning'sLges of msnkind it may' 'Vfiiid as a
ghastly warning to deter the rash patriot, that
would claim freedom as a birthright or repub
lican government as a heritage.
War-raav cover the $:;n(i with sorrow ann
rnin': but pece. on iho' terms of submis
sion, would cover it with the -lacknos of tl-c
shadow of death War has still th blessing
of hope; but in such , a pout e there is only tha
darkness of despair. Iu s-uch a state cf ex
istence, the order of nature would be reversed;
life would be tho king of terrors, aud death its
only solace. In final, ettru il sepurtaion lies
" terrible sufferings o the pruierc; say:,
they avo " half UrveJ; ' say- ttify were gtvei.
no "btds, but mado to liodovu on the s iliu,
ia t-poto fthin ftylo, as high a3 twenty tn a
bunch." ' llanily fve; a rnoining psrd,"
continues thia veruc'ous correspond nt, " that
our b ys would not find as high as five and six
ol-th'j raws of tweuti-5 de.;d and cold, froz.-u
to death." The fare of prtwuern lie describes
as follows?
The rations that we got at pi Urn wre rally
not fit for a domestic dog to at. Wc got moat
which was entirely n teen cr dceayed. The
most of it was never InitctHTi'd by men. What
twus buteherod. was c aided to death when it
wj. ciKiked; tor whvnvcr wc got raw meat,
which ws sometimes dirfcru'-ihlrd of it wah
Vlfive, ct'd eMtirg at thr oilier two-thirds.
Believe ie or not, but I could swear by my
nv st sacied oath that many a time our rations
were ot y-half worms, t-xorpt o :r bread, and
that was baked or dried (you may take wl.ieh
votl will) out oi a meal wtiich' was mad of
com cb, bran and all mixed up tgHlr?r. Wo
goto! this lrtc, as we caocrt it, twice a'lay
atid about tive cubic inches at a time, a little
rice or bhv k bean toun, and can d or river
water. I did not thii.lc so mooh of. eating
Ions, but some ofthebos would goto tho
d-ad house atid kill rata wtii- h had beeu eit-
ing at some of the dead men all night; tlu'.v
our only hope ur only gaiety Othei lerma d fc fc f v.a,h, try and eat
were dishonorable were dangerous. AssuMi- ,
I
b!e : he believed that was the
n artr.n n nasKirle : u
eentiment of his ooastituoais, and nothing
short of it. No people in the Confederacy
were more tried, more loyal, more law-abiding
Kan tVft naoolo df North Carolina. She had
sent as manv brave soldiew to the field and set
Woodv altars of eacriSco. When
?ni.stir:ition comes to be made, as he hoped
it would be, be was sure it would be found
THE FJVE-DOLLAR NOTES.
Mr. Swan, cf Tennessee, introduced a resolu
tion that it was inexpedient to pas any act to
place the five-dollars rot. s ot the old issue on
tho same foo in of the ne w issue In introduc
ing the bill," Mr. Swan said he was influenced -
by a deidre-to allay apprehensions on the ono
side and expectations on the other, iu rcsprct
to any action this Congress nv.gi anops xu
the fitatter.
Mr. J. M. Lea-jh, of hortn Uaro.ma. movea
to re'er to the Committee of SVays and Means.
On this the ay and noes were called, and
the House refused to refer ayes S3, noe- 45.
The resolution was then adopted ay6 67,
noes 8. .
A Yoice from Johnson's Island.
We publish below a commuuica:ion ad
dressed U Gov. Vance, by tne offieeis aad
sohliers who have been and, we believe, are
still held in c ptivity ou Johnson's Island in
1.- -LA.-.
Lake Erie. It is a capital production, written
erfl of North Carolina, as ciuz -ns of our young
Confederacy, wh can b content with no peace
that does rot rccogmxe us as a ire ana ma
oendent neotde.
S long as yon tred the path of duty, with
the aamemanly, unfaltering sup. as hereto ore,
so long will our hearts go wttti you in grati
tude: so long will we bail vou.as a
jma' dtliveiers of the S a'e waraverenco, trom
a tyranny roors revolting tua
.fiih.
We have the houor to u, sir,
With dUtinyuhhed esteem,
Y"tir obedient servants,
WHARTON J. GREEN, Warreu, CVinn,
THOMAS S. KEEN AN, Dupun,
II. C. JONES. Jr tt wun.
JOSEPH S. DAVIS Fraiklin,
HEN11Y S. JORDAN., of Person,
Committee.
SAM'LP Hid. of Caswell, Ch'nof Meeting
James M. Mayo, of Edgecombe, Secretary
It WOUIU lie, iio ouio v i - j
that North Carolina had sent more troops, in remarkably well, and presents facts and aru
have had the first
iu k "
at
it.
But Mr.
consistency.
Wj trust, however, tha & the mind cf tho
lAuutrv is net t. b- disturbed by a vain and
AVI
iVjIs belligerent, let him fight the Yankees.
If he wishes to discharge volley of rhetoric
at somebody, let him aim at Liccolu or Sew
j Cruikshanka (what a name) of Alabama, wai
j too uick for him'. Mr. C. ought to have left
j this tit-bit for J. T. L , or his own colfeague W.
1 R. W. Cobb, who is absent from his seat on a
1 vUit to Lincoln's Congress at Wahington, or
I eoiiie where else ia the enemy's liny?,- it is iu-
ti mated. -
The 555 Notes. Congress has very oecuieo
! !y intimated that the $5 notes will not be
! placed on a r with the nevv Usae' Tt is to be
lop?d, then, that t'.io dated me uiscuuu oi
of S3 5 per cent, will be fixed at an sarly clay
instead of Ju'y 1. Tho present arrangement
srd cr Butler. For our own cuampious auu coafusioQ ia & business traus
let him have words of support and i
encouragement, such as will steady their
hands and animate their enthusiam. Wo
are on the eve of great and it may be deci
sive battles the country is in poor humor to
hear or to bear partisan declamations.
actions.
'The nearly unanimous vote in Congress was
manifestly owing to the well known fact that
;n Richmond tho brokers hid a mouth ago
1 . 'mis:
Isold the 6's at a premium aid iiaa.sto.ee
1 boucht them back in immense amounts at a
. : . . ' " ! heavy discount, and to have restored them to
We understand that Brig. Gen. Kemper, j Arfr fuW vajua would have legalized this
who was so severely wounded at Gettysburg, j doU6 sp0ulation. '
has been assigned to tha command of the
with his Headouarters at A t ,jJ Wabhisoton Bcairsn -We learn
llgiuia - . . ., .. -
Lyncbbarg. . ' H
We also learn that Gen. W. H- iT. Lee, o
long in captivity, and recently exchanged, has
been nominated to the rank of Major General,
and takes command of a division of cavalry.
Also, Col. James Chesnut, late of tho Presi
isftt's Staff, has been appointed Brigadier
General, and assigned to the command of the
. South Carolina Reserves.
from the Goldsboro State Jvurnal, that the
Yankee rafians, true to thtirbrotal instinots,
applied the tames to Washington before they
evacoated.the place, leaving two-thirds or the
town a heap of mouldering rains. m
. . --"" - - -
TiTVTT.Tjrar Empero. The Pari AIeo
nirJnmaticnie civesa lone account of the
- reception of the Mexican deputation, at Mi
ramar; On the 10th init., ilaximiliau for
!merly accepted the crown; ' '
As soon as the Arcknke had uttered the
.t.o-nnl nfhis acceptance, the deputation
j -n XfTtnans Dresent acclaimed their
rw, .Tnhnjttnn a armv, w w - $ jim tv ervmff ouitnrre uroc. uim
iium v - - - . - . j wwiwHiwe"-; - .
neral Mve Emperor Maximilian 1. "ijtoa
The snecial correspondent of the Atlanta
Jntelliffencer. under date of May 3d, writing
rtinn ti her noDulation, into the held,
than any State iu the Confederacy As many
of her brave goes have fallen with their feet to
the fue and their face to the skies ; but these
calumiiiators have nothing but the sneer and
inueudo for? her, ,
During tho political canvass .which gave
him a seat iu this House, though elected by
Conservatives, hp had heard of no expression
of sentiment looking to reconduction. Yet
it goes forth that the Sta'e is tilled with troa-8-iP,
trAitois and doseners Ho believed, as
for deserters, there wore fewer f'im his State
than any other, and the records wouid show
it.
'it ws6 no reflection upon North Carolina,
but a shame upon her villifwrs, that it should
happen to become the province of a distin
guished gentleman, none lees than the Vice
President of the G.nfedrate States, to stand
up. with his manly voice, in defence of North
Air. Leach !ere quoted irom tne speech or l
Mr. Biepheus. in Georgia, and contended tnai
the' tvu'itical position' of North Carolina on
tlic habeas corpus, and other vital questions
of political right and economy, were the same
and identical with those annunciated by Mr.
Stepher s. Mr. Lach, in conclusion, said
that North Carolina was the birth place of
liberty, and one of her sons abed the first
blo.l in the revolutionary struggle. It would
cot be saying too much topred-ct that tbe last
blood of this revolution wiil be poured out by
a North Carolinian.
Mr. J. T. Leach, of North Carolina, arose
auu ciairned tbe indulgence of the House.
Mr. James M. Lach, of Nortn .Carolina,
explained the names of himself and colleague,
which had been mixed np by the editor of
the Examiner, and an explanation might ce
due him also. - , . ,
r J T Tach said he agreed with every
word his colleague had said m vindication of
himself. For himself, (J. T ,) he wtuia say
he Was a peace man, but be was not aimbmisa
ionist. ; When he took hie stand for or against
secession and war, he took, it upon the side of
the suny South. He had laid his all upon the
altar of his country and State, and if that
time ever comes of necessity, he would lay
his life upon it. He did not believe that it
was an evidence of disloyalty to try to ne
gotiate for peace. If it is, then there liad
been a great deal of disloyalty mam tested.
A great many wars have been terminated by
negotiation that would never have been ter
minated. Look at the Refoiuti nary war.
How waeit ended ? By negotiation. There
was tbe irar of 1812. - Hour wae that ended?
By negotiation, wasn't it T And a great
many other wars have been brought to a
ments fr m a stand-point ahd under circum
stances that cannot fail to carry conviction to
the mind ofevery hon si and itn partial read
er. Tho gentlemen who signed this paper
ha'vo had opportunities for observation and
the facilities of gathering facts, that enabio
them to set forth the objects and. purposes of
our enemies, as well as the hopes and fears
of our friends and sympathers a1 the North,
knowingly and understandiugly. Thj get
tinTupof this paper was no party move
ment. The signers?, so i c of them g ntlemen
not unknown 'to fame and of re.on'ied
bilitv. have belong. d to Uimrent political
ihcm.
But- this correspondent cuins his whole
A 1'.. M 41.. .... t!..(nrv.il
SUry. liter uirtw. ni; tiir&v i muir i'1' iui' j
Af starvation, RUiTeritiu;, death, 1: admits,
in tha following paragraph, deHcrioitnj thu
feeling of the Yankee prisoners at the time l
KiiDatrick'a raid, thit there was a go.! deal
mong me hQ juff
.1 . I) ii! f Oewral Kilpatrick to take th- infernal hole of
n the visage of .ubi.UioU( eVtfty fibeli and church bell iu
the city wa toiling ; negro s, young snd old,
wtre runiiit'jj ior si'ety, ail V e d 'us barking,
aud tbe rebel eity battali n do.ible-quicltmg
through thi streets. I never faw such a bus
tle iu all my life. Tne rbel guard uld ua
not to dare to put our heads out of the do or
or windows, or thy would ehiot our "
brains cut.'' They naid thit ' the Yankees aro
coming to ake R'chm md.'' Tt c toIhjI gtutds
were trembling, and wo in the prison woro
r-joicing. Wo wre hiuaing Y mttee D oillo.
Hail Columbia; and oth'r na ioiial ai's.
Men who can slug "i'ankeo D dlo," "Hail
Olumbia," and otl er national ai s t au haidly
be "starve!." -dying," Totting," Hnd "ubei.t
iug on dog meat. '
parties, and, we presume, nao n iuea umi
there would bo any contest for Gubernato ial
hnnnrs in this State next sum out. The trib
ute to Gov. Vance was an honest one, and no
less merited than'ho iest and disinterested in
intent. There are 227 signers, who represent
nearly evajry county in the State. Conser
vative.
U. S. Militaby Prison, V
aave
.i.: j.u hefote. a, Yankee Ue
.a to Ml from .bw 'fr".
wounaea, ana iroei o - '
ha was supposed to be atr oflice of soe cod-
Johnson's Island, March 31,
Governor Vance:
ir-At a meetiDg of the officers from North
Carolina confined in ti.is prisou, yesterday, we,
the undersigned, were appointed a com mil tea
to express to yon the intense satisfaction wilh
which we have marked the distinguished abil
ity and lofty patriotism which have charac
terised your admin stration h has been with
peculiar pride during this, our lou and tedi
ous imprisonment, that in every wi d that has
brought to our ears a whisper from the land
of our birth and ol our unchunsaWe love, we
have beard the utterance of our own sentu
ments, the echo of our prayers, of our highest
lu.nne nA nurest saturations iu the manly antl
patriotic language of the Governor of our
State. Exiles from our homes aud country,
canttve? in the land of those who hate and
would destroy us, we watch with anxious con
cern the progress of events and the course of
the war, and note with unndngted pleasure
the manifestations of ardent patriotism and
nuylelding firmness among the masses of the
people of our owa State. But, air, it is with
more than ordinary pleasure that we revert
to your late noble effort at Witkesboro, so
genuine in i'8 arguments, aud withal no hope
ful and confident of success, that every aonof
the old State felt a glow of pride in the redec
tioo that these grand utterances emanated
from his own honored chief magistrate. Sir,
your exposition of the policy of the Federal
Government, your startling porrranur oi too
miseries that would he endured by our un
happy ceojury, and the oppressioua and in
dignities that wonld be heaped upon her in
case of submission, are so foicibly verified. bj
Public Sleeting in Person County.
On Saturday, 23d April, 1864, a portico of
the people of this county m-t iu tne court nouse.
ill tn th chair and
J. D. Wnkersoa requested to act as secretary. tour ri HfcK. ' I
tVa Ai.; mtun attui the ol'iect of the meetinff A lt il SO ! 1S04. j
and aopointed the following ct mnottee on re- At a meeting held by t .e inerni-i ot t,.
solutions. J W. Cunninghiin. Jno. A Barnett, E.t S6th N C. T.. Scryt. U U rate waf
and Thos. K. Gleuu, who reported the follow- ca,0,j to the Ci air, Ltp'l Jas. W. Pow II anf
ing resolutions: A. D. Wilda'tnson wero reutMed to act w
AWtecl-That we regard the freedom and Secretaries After th object of the ineetitg
richu ot the people as the hmt a"d most impor- was explained by the Chairman, thn l.i!owiig
tant'of all erthiv cauaea, and no to be surrender- were appointed to draft rendu ion-", vit .
ed under any circumstances, or. on any pretext gerBU KV vv. Urown, Sam'l Jovnrr. O-rp'li
"SSKSl. Tha. in ourpimon h5 of th. .0 B . B-. . 0 Mmica-J J Q M
r, ...r.. .,.nf America the eauae of and Private Alex h r. wel., Y . 11. &Mtre
coust'ita ioruHibertv, and that we are citted on g a. Hinsou, M Hammonds, J. L. Carter
to maintain it by every connrteration that can s M Shaw, j Q Griffin. L 0. C leman, ..
mote the hrfa
niosi aiueuuv uw T'".? .i . '.-u t- .. it . M.iliti.ina w.-ra unanimous
r stored to the count v, tne attuuae oi me pui- i"o '"""""'o
lie enemy forbids all hope of uch a tefult except a(j. p ed : .
by our auccesa in the iiaue ot war which thty torce HesoUed, That we have abiding f nth ai
upon u. . coiifi ieuce in our chief executive. Preside
iTff"! Kl- ht",i!y Bi'l"cyo ut
whit are tbe best nwami of attaining a common course pmsUed by him.
obiect. we feel a solemn conviction that the only fesolved. That v. o most cordially appro'
sale course Deiore us is in ine oK-m.u e cutfc. rorsu-d DV ur prvs -ui wormy
ct 'th existing war wbol y aeteosiTo on nr j q .yernor. Z. B. Vance, hi- untirio
t.rn itHir of tne opponunny i tP s aie.4. nis loresieni in pnivumi-; ior Vi
e Holdteis and their families of hip State. euti'L
him to tbe thanks and gratitude of all Non
... .... i i '. .
of permitting reason to take the place ot tbe
sword, but alwavs with the dUtiuct understand-
. . . . i i . a. .i . a m r fir rnu rumnisi i - -
W 5?!r!5! ",Trr l rirabi; connected Candina soldiers. That we p:edge him oi
with the independence of the couutry, and its hearty support for re-election.
final and total separation from all political con- Htsoleed. That we denounce in tho mo,
nection with the United States. ... bitter terms. W. W. Holden and hi ro-adj-
-i!. 1 Zntr,. and hare won for them Hte States, and to our cauao at larne, a.-d tift
- ;.i nmin all cuininsT hi.tory : and ilf, ntf hia device and cun-dng, is aeekina V
that we have tull confidence that m every contest jtI.v th nnitv of our ar.n v and to s w ;hi
they will prove themselve. wor throughout our rink by hf
renown, ana w oy mf u.c - . . .- 4Hint-mini.il,a influence
tJSaWffii Th-' w. Mh, approve of
Rwlred, That in the present Chief Magistrato C0urgeofour present S-nator, Ju.. . h .
of North Carolioa. we recotnae a leader worvny oj,.mh, r.mutv. in the liu-t General A
of the times, brave in h.ttle ssgaciou. ana wise r fae
in co
alike
ru)ti
gr
a
hnving ft it)
je times, orare iu . . v .fh Pinil na. he ha
mnsel, devote to popular rnu.rega
i aF ihA interests ot me oiuier uu wt nn uctuimu v r . .
-:.u:.. .an ifieinir the end by the meant , wi.wwl o.d h now b-ine maitnel lor ii e. o
and in bis energy, forethought, integrity and in- ,-ltrAh:m our unanimous sup.rt for r -clf
stqutocse. Some of our pickets believe it to
have been Gen. Kilpatrick. He was darr-
of the castle, announeed to the public the at-
cession of the ArchWKe iaaximman
throne of Mexico, and were immediately fol
lowed by other rallies fr?a the fcrt and tew
of TrJre
the action of the dominant party In this coun-
later trmes, on our own ! try, that no reasoning man, eny-y mg as we do
peaceful close by Negotiation : the Mexican
. . . . T ti. I all iwrj;tual tvartiAa hers, can fail to ieali2e
. . .inn. nw ruftiBi i arni.Tix. iue o vi M - - i
f ; be wa to be abl, the la tyea the most PPU? VP-
iftiav so- but it was disloyalty to bad laws neasiooaoi rnwery ana nv pweuc vu
anledilation aid not disloyalty to the selves to the mind, of car mot qpaon
! Caft- There wl4 ex- ttans. tn most lndaoct p'-res
and in bis energy, forethought, integrity ano in- , hira our unanimous sup.rt for r-civ
trepidderotion to freedom, turmshi-g sa il os- F reCommen lin,: Gd. F. Geore, sj
trious embodiment of the great and true heart of V0;" CoUavbu CiUntyU
North CaroUna; and that regarding him as hav- suitable man! to JPui mutt
e next uoaiMin
Recited. That we will nof support r-;
an who is in f.vorof W.W Hildeu.orajy
intr diBcharared the arduous duties ot nts siauun tne next LPiur
with emlneat fidelity and taecess, we taei " oe
m in ruriiki in iuiuiui b uas
auae our obi; .'.u, ' " ' i .r man
election witn every - ofllilJ distracting isms.
Pwer . i.-.riw, annointed RsMtJetd. That a copy of these proco'dii
e.t.a "rrrnnstoGov: Vance, ti WilmiJfftim Jourual for pul ;
jto request hita to address the people ot 'the Fayetuvm Observer and Rale
county at such time aad place a. he may de- Coufoderale pieft8 copy .
Seri:t. t ti. I'Al & vnairi..-..
4
.imittttf
n. r. CT .Trn and W. P. Wilkin, E-q.,
npsed thoresolu ion committing our people
. r rt . TT . .imm Q rv nils AIKfi.
to me t-nppon oi out, j ' - -
so lone befo e the election; especially at a
time like thia, when we could uct tell what an
i Ol Ki.t forth 't'i '
D7no7 El , the V,lta -
Corp'l Jas. W. Powell, 1 Secretary-
A; W, WIKLIAJI.
resolutions. k " ' . .
The resolntiona were adopted unammoasiy
no one voting U the negatived
The Secretary offered the following reaolo-
! tim. h'.rh was adopted :
According to the Cincinnati Enquirer. tVejJ
U an immense tiling i favor of pUcing ;
adelegw io mc
National Convention, ana ii no ,
wil Xubtles.be done. The Eoaotrtr fur. r
declares tbaV.if be martyr eU
gate, the Democracy ot Oaio will &ee toats
attends Tre vuwgo wutu.