THE CONFEDERATE.
WJSDYESttAY, SiPXKMBER 14, 18644
Of cua:. the cra-:-uatioi of Atlanta is the
-signal tor anwth-r utsliugbi upen th Preai
eat: sad cry at coos frtk if
Jft!itt?a bad not Ln re aje red, this great
eril w.-ili uv-r have befallen ; or i! it had
Ksfal'en. it woo'd hare teen under dirTeret
cirCH !ist An -ea. Wei!, it may or it may Hat
that Atiar.ta vor.!d uot have - ftlltii uedr
-i:inatna precisely ia the way it did ; ner are
e sufti-.ieniiy in'et sord yet, 10 My exactly
iw it d;d fall ; bnt our own opinion is, that
n .lo'n.ston hid Le;u i:qt where he was, our
whole iiri!:vtTtt itj iive tef i iiw about St.
Mark, iu Florida, aui .laui' a Would have
ben -Ci'luliiJ ia bi ou tn'.rM, whither he
w, n'd !'!! h.-.k :' into th,':!f of Msxl,
or ak ! I? r eved.
litis ii iw: -v.jMrd .;j : It uiay Hot be wtttth
the snap jf a tittle linger : if" it aiai, it is a
- Muii favor w-j bestow iu "tvmjr it to the
worl l.al world t:-v-i us ootbiag far it,
si ve charge liCiLior. -
We forr.if.i a slight aaintnnee 'with
' in. Johvss'ij,. u'. taso.is. n. wrt greatly
iwjreted itii hiv a a siiihtary genius
- jierhap to imvb impress! Lint because '
cYtrrUuly e fattiuzA tu and wo did
mt lfii him iy anyti.in.; .i uriythisg to
coiit-udrt. it. A fterviuli vim re i tie
1 etic? liCia "M .tn&ssi, aui if wc ki.w an')
Tf'id IU rdr and crvil" -w.ia, we should
ufihisiUi.iuly say tht retrvi-u w bevh
Wo wrre agaic ;a the retr;?i !Yu::i Yorktown.
Alrader had hept tho ciu-my ut bay thaie,
w-Ub a. very ineagnTorcf , I v ptiro strategy.
Wktc--eH. Johnston eo-uuicneed to retreat,
U; attr.y 0::: fenced tc demoraliz. The
riettteixliairioi was cueke I by the hgat at
Witilaiiibor. ')a tL.it o-iv .1 ouiple" ev;
4it;, bot fwi!.cd uf, vv.n t rfvotcd oh rr
iai. (ur I.fi. Li 24 el Virginia ftf:.
.aeat ai.u tii3 f, h N'-.-rth CHt!ia, were sept
I h to drive ba-k tke eurn)y, whib thoy did
gloriously ; but a'rVjUa Uitre xere twa brig
ades ia five hutidred yards. au4 thrrs or ..
-iriineuui witi.in kilf that distance, iuppit
wa fritbliei'i trow tfcm, and tUy war or-
'd ty f:od fhe:r way ji;t isn.r a erae ex
psaiT, at a sacrifice wA yet surf a seed !a tke
war. Had tbey be?n supported, ths "alkir"
the left would have bcn a sacceaes jait
eua! to that c;i oar right. Had Geeral
J hasten that day wale a gaBr:l eojsje
rat, McClelUa wunid nvr bare foagkt
tke series of battles around. Richmond. If a
general fight haci b?ea tendered the next day,
-.kvjf West Toiyt, ths artny of (jn. Jeka
su wai in btllsr "plight t cope teitb tba
Hwmr than it rer was fier wards, notwitb
atawdiiig thd 3ub.?ftuem r jinforoements.
INt tko jfsnWaU were finikin us; aid
wc:w.d M "fad Iru k Up to that time it j
Lad uvea eur apiUes, that if the enemy di
vided kid ferae by presenting a portion on onr
fjvntau .-ending anOlhfr un the llspk, if we
titie : whip tbe ilot-vUtiientd, that tkia
tie Xipolewaic system. A th Savea
l'ira ttc iw (icr.. JuU'ib.. a ajaiij. Oa eur
r:itt tkt.attaok Wui sncccssf til ; the left,
w.'.rre (Jn. Johnston uras, it waa & failure;
xa l bis woand iV.ievd Lim frow the obstr-
TratioM of a sad repulse, liat ns $?4n as he !
ib.t. me rjwj, coi in titr,o to save the splendid
Mirrimae er N--;Ti"k, hr,t ia ii,u4 to save
Uiahmcfid, reirea'.a ceaiJ nr.J fighting ia
earaost bsgjn. Vh-o of victory, under
ilio him pices ,t G.-m". L-c. appeared above the
('"nfe-.'.crate hoiin. if Gen. JhBBtn had
ret.tained ia em!::ia l cftlat army", we verily
eiieve he wuald ht6 hen f-inkd by Mc-
C;liin io tfce Kooky Muunuins, when Fre- j
nnt woald hav 'taken hin: up," and flank-
d himbackto tha Jlrqos geld nines in !
California. Sine? tha d.i
iiaya of Xeaaahea.
there has been n ma-jtAr ' thwart of r(reae
hVc Gtn. Jihctoa. aphon cvuld eem
pare wi;h hiio, far rivaled with, the ten
ey!ijiaT"eUvec hundred and fifty-five Far
oaans, aad gvt Lo.iij? auf-i uitrr rctrwating two
hundred tad gfi:. div.,." As for Hood, ke
ia ntto be narue ! ii Le year; tor
JehnsU:i re:rea:-d Ckr k.' hundred miles ia
iwo uiiiuthe ara iuuu4.uiM, valleys aad
rivers : whila i: i.is taktn Ifocd fall two
tucuths to fail b2ck"tv.vi.:v-!iia3 u:ilea.
Juhuston t.,-a oa tgwu . yyt j
Las only be a able iKtrraJer o;.. John- '
etou had au evacuation crery two r three 1
days; Hoed hasu't had but uoe tu two iucthjt. j
Of carse there is no cmpariiwa.
The fact of it '19, aeriousiy, t tke naiads ef
ordinary people, G?n. Johnstou's strategy
reoks not only mistaken, bat eu'pahla, That
there were prints between Dalten aad At
lanta where he cou'd have fought a general,
decisive fight, it is scare possible to doubt.
He had an excellent army, reputed te approach
nearer iu pobt of unnabcr to the enemy than
G. Lee's ever hap- wli appointed, confident
and aaxiou to t?t their force against tke
foe. There mtLJt he a wonderful ckaage in
the art of war, if no general engagement ceald
have beeu brought on in that whole distance,
except by assaulting entrenched liaea. If
there C5u!d, then Atlanta, tie territory, the
country needed tho rlik of a general bastle.
Sj far from fault attachiag to tke Presi
daJt, his course was a necessity. Had be not
been restrained by tke fear of doing injustice,
aad applied the remedy aeouer, he would not
fcave escaped assault, perhaps would have
drawa it more fiercely ; but Atlanta xnigfrt
a saved. It hes fallen, and ss far aa wecaat
ee,- the blame is on the afcjaulde ed Qcaasal
Joa. E. Johnston.
Gkh. John 11. Wisdeb The report men
tined in several of the papers receatly that
Gea. Jehn . Winder bad been rentored
from caam&nd .at Andorsonrille, Qa, ia en-
The published corrotpondenco between
Lieutenant Geoeral S. O. Lea and General
Forrest, and the Yankee General Washburn,
indicates that this dreadful war is assuming a
fiercer shape, and that the "black fla;," acder
wftch the cry will be no qtaarter and indis
crlminato slaughter, is about to be raisa i, at
least ia that portion of eur inraa'ed territ ry
embraced within tas commands of the two
officers above uaeied. (Since the withdrawal
j of General Lee to Atlanta, Mississippi is row
; n rider General Dick Taylor.) The position
i taken by our officers is a plain aad manly
one. Tbey seek net to engraft upon a war
already one of intense bitterness, aad on the
part of our enemies of diabolical cruelties,
I any ae it practices opposed to the regulations
i of humanity which cLrili2-5d nations recog-
niz ; aad Gen. Forrest has gone further, and
' acquits hioisslf of the imputations falsely
. cbarpl upoa him, of ord'srio, at Fort Pil
, lw, the toasiacre of prisoners already sur
rendered. Indeed, ho proves conclusively,
. that the unusual slaughter at that place was
,'tho result vf the conduct of tk enemy's
! turces, who retreated uadcr cover f their suu
I beat, with arms in their hands, continuing to
i maintain tke btrugte bcaao of liorae :ia
j ticipation, derived from the atatemeat of their
Yankee o22 ;ars, thnt they woul 1 n t be treaty
ed as prtsonewof war, but would bo slaagh
' tsred on their surrenderia. Ga. Forrest
. having tbu acquitted himself, proceeds t
j ijUrrugate Washburn, to learn wbether, pro
; vious to the battle of Ttsharningo crek, the
negro troops "did not take an oatu before
Geu. Ilarlbert, not to show qjarter to his
: (ForrestV) troops ;" aad further, " whether
1 ri.ieaeral Sturis did not annoaace that
; no juarter would be sh wn to Forrest's men?"
Oa the I9ih of Jane, Washbarn replied te
this communication, and therein admits that
such oath was sworn to by the negro troops,
and that tbejdid.with his knowledge and sanc
tion, eater the fiht with that determination.
Tbe Yankee General then proceeds t(j en-
i quire if it is the p.urpds? ia future of General
Forreat to held captured negroes as prisoners
vf War, or as slaves, or murder them ?- an
i Mouacing that if the33 negroes are admitted
I as prisoners of war, theja the oath of iadis1
erimiaate slaughter will be withdrawn ; bnt
I if not, (says this redoabted knight.) "let tke
j oath stT.id, and npen those who have aroused
j this spirit by their atrocities, be the conse
t
quence
Let as pause for a moment, te cent em plate
j this announcement. There were a body of
I
! negroes, numbering any thousand, belea;-
ing to their makers and residing upja their
plantations along tke Valley of the Musissip
j pi ; they were a contents! and happy race,
j whose wants were liberally supp ied, and
whose recognitiua of the rights of their owners
to their laber and service was very distiact.
They were property property by the laws
Qf the S ate, aad property recegnized by the
Constitntioa of the United States, which the
I government ef Gea. Waskbura still profess to
I respect and obey. These negro slaves, the
j property of their owners, were forcibly ab-
dneted frem their homes by the saldiers and
subordinates of Washburn. Having ae qaar
i rel nor eanae ef quarrel with their owners,
: they had neither motive nor desire to de
j them anght of harm hence, they are
forced, and bribed together, to enlist
into the Yankee array, and thus to commit in
surrection against their owners, and a capital
felony against the lsws ef the States. After
being so enlisted, they are admonished by
those who hare them in charge, (hat those
whom they have thua made war oa, will show
them no quarter that they are doomed te
relentless slaughter and that admonished,
they are poshed to the front in avery assaalt.
Of course there can be but one resalt: the
battles in which they eagage become more
bloody, because expecting to be slaughtered,
and having been told that they would be, the
negroes feel no safety ia surrendering, and
either fight er attempt escape when both aro
useless.
Was there ever in the world such an n-
1 posure of meanness, cruelty and depravity,
j as this record of Wushbarn makes up I It is
I one consummated plan of villainy, by which
j yankee cowardice, having found an instru-
ment to interpose, to run its dangers and do it's
fighting, impels that instrument to its exter-
miatin by deception and falsehood.
The conclusion ot this correspendeace by
ncr8 Forrest is worthy of the
toid aBil patnotic leaders ot a righteous
cause. They refer the decision of the ques
tion as te the status of negroes, whether aa
slaves reentered or prisoners of war captured,
to their government. They leave no room for
doubt as to their intention upon the point of
saving the life of captured - negroes ; for they
show considerable numbers already in their
hand?. Tby administer a fitting rebuke to
the upercilicu threatener, aad afterdadica
ting to him that the feeling and policy of the
Southern toldier is to cap tare and net destroy
the negroes, tbey convey to Gen. Washburn
that when he assumes the onus of fighting
the negro under the "black flag," it will be
understood that the teacher of this system
will be held responsible, and the darknesa of
its gloomy folds shall envelope in the same
doom the white associates of the dedicated
j negro.
And as a basis of future understanding,
Gen. Forrest puts two pertinent interrogate
riea : "Do you intend to slaughter my man
who fall into your hands ? " "If you do not
intend to do so, will they be treated aa
prisoners of wart" which he accompanies
with thia announcement whereby to obtain a
categorical reply ; "I have over two thousand
of Stargis' command pruoaers, and will hold
every officer and private as a heeUge, un
til I receive your declaration, and am sat
is6ed that you carry oat in good faith the
i answers you make, and until I an assured
Mt no CrnflHvYSt trtnut has b?n fbuT?
dealt with from the day of the battle of
Tithimiagv Creek' to this time."
That this necessary act of boldness and
determination will meet the support and ap
proval of the Government, is without doubt ;
and the bardea of the respo8bl!ity for the
future, will defend oa tttader. If our
enemies shall add in this warj their outra
geous enormities tha horrors ef the black
g, as sure as Gd reignt their retribution
will be commensurate with their villainy.
Why Hood wu ho! & info reed.
There are maay who have wondered why,
4tad ethers who have b'amrd President Davis
because Forrest was not v.nl to Sherman'
rear to break his communication and thus
eempel him to retire frn below Atlanta, in
stead ef seadisg hira (Fertwst) to klefnphis.
II these fault-iaders wil reartaber there was
at that timetweatyor thirty thousand yaukres
ia North Mississippi making preparations to
make tkeir way sek ward, in the direction of
Mobile er Seliaa. This formidable Yankee
feree tareatmeel. tke meet prolific granary of
tke Soutk, and even had they failed'to capture
tke i in porta at points above named, the des
iructina aad desolation of this region wculd
have cnt off the principal supplies ot . ar
J f Tennessee. Thrice has this gai'.a
chieft tin saved that section from deselatien,
and r liaved aiebilo and Sehna from impend
ing ca ture. By his dash into Memphis the
"Wiztardefthe Saddle," with a small lorce,
has whipped S0.000 kankees, and seut their
great expedition back to the rover ef Mem
phis aad their gunboats.
Ceuld he do more to decide thVfafe of the
canepaigo of the VTest ? Were these grum
blers advised of the immense supplies st
from Alabama to the" army of Tena.sbee they
would be cmpdled to adm.t that the Depart
ment, or if you chooe, the Commander in
Chief, has kept Forrest in the right place.
1 he telegraph this morning reports him in
Uobile on the 7th, and Sherman has doubt
less fallen back te Atlanta io have an eye on
aim and Gen. D.ck Taylor.
Mr. C. E. Parish, at Hilisboro', Ifortk Caro
lina, gives notice, that a gentleman in that
tewn, noted for his great liberality to soldiers'
families and te his country in general, authori
ses him te pay for him to each deserter who
voluntarily comes in and reports to Mr. Parish,
who is euilty ef no ether crime tbaa deRArtinn
the sum of one hundred dollars, as an induce
ment for'tbem to return to the help ef their
comrades in arms, and te wine nut tka fnl
stain f desertion from their character. Gen
eral Order, No. 54, issued by Geo. R. E. Lee,
and our ewu Governor' nrocl&mntian.
sufficient guarantee for their protection.
We wish all rood citizens in Virginia, as well
as ear various sister States, would take au
equal interest in procuring the return ef ab
sentees to the army. It will rescue these offen
ders from dicraoe and rulin. Bare tha zammn-
nity from pests, and aid the military defence ef
L. a. rt 1 . .
We differ from the Richmend Sentinel in its
eemment on the foregoing pronosition from a
ntlemaa in Millsboro'. That the proposition
eenoeived ia excellent spirit, wo doubt
net ; but we. think it would kave a most iajnrious
effect.
How will tho true and faithful soldier take
it, that the deaerter who has fed in the hour of
dangsraad saeaked thieugh the woods, aad
thereby forfeited his life, shall net only have
tke forfeiture remitted, but shall be paid a hun
dred dollars for the operatioa, if he will oaly
eeme back! It will be hot a neor
tioa for fidelity.
And hew will the deserter take it t Why. on
the first opportunity he will desert again, in
the hope to take in some other patriotic spirit.
Of one thing we may be snre, the deserter who
is returned to dnty per force ef this bribs, will
be a worthless comrade to teach shoulders
with.. No. The proper mode te keen awav
dteerters, is to hold tho country intolerable for
themto punish the hardeaed cases, an I
above all, to hold to the strictest aecennt those
who induce them to desert aad these who
harbor them. It anght of rewards have te bo
given, let the brave aad faithful have them.
Gen. Morgan Betrajed and Murdered.
The circumstances, ef the killing ef the late
lamented Gen. M rgan, are briefly stated by
the Lyachbnrg Republican of Wednesday, as
fellows ; General Morgan with his staff, had
his headquarters at the house of a Mrs.
lianas, in Greenville; and on Saturday night
eke determined te betray her guest and have
kirn murdered. With this view she left her
house at aa early hour'in the night aad rode by
aa unfrequented and unguarded way to Bull's
Gap, a distance of fifteen miles, where the yaa.
kee forces were enoamped, aad there informing
tho Yankee commander of her errand, a troop
of eavalry was immediately detailed and eent
under her pilotage to perform the cowardly
work. They entered Greenville undiscovered
aad before daylight surrounded the hense in
whioh their intended victim lay all unconscious
ef the danger that' menaced him. By some
means he was aroused before they entered the
house, aad running out into the yard attemp
ted te make his escape, but the foe was around
him en every side. Drawing his pistol he fired
1 five shots at his murderous naaailinta whn
firing heavily upon kirn,, and at length a mus
ket ball entered his heart, killing him instantly.
Gea. Morgan's mea being aroused by the fir
iag, seen Tallied aad drove the enemy from
the town.
The husband of this lira. Williams, who play,
ed each a conspicuous part in this drama, (aad
for which, if the facts bo aa stated, woman
though aha ia, ahe should be hung as high aa
Haasaa.) is a member ef Bumside's Staff. She
and her children, we learn, were immediately
ordered to leave our linea, aad ahe ia now doubt
less receiving from her Yankee friends the re
ward ef her murdereue treachery.
The body ef Gen. Morgan was brought e
Abingdon yesterday, where it waa interred to
await the time when the soil of hia ewa leved
Kentucky can receive into its bosom the re
nTsin: ef her gedreut and herrfe. ion.
The Capture of the Georgia.
.We have high authority for stating that the
steamer Georgia, reported captured in the
Northern paper of the 7th, was not the Con
federate cruiser which has beea daiag such
good service among tho Yankee shipping. The
captured steamer was some time ago disman.
tied aad sold to a British merchant at. Liver,
pool, was leaded with a Britieh cargo, aad put
upoa the line between Liverpool, and Lisbon.
The "pretest" entered by her, otptain against
her seizure was, therefore, made in good faith,
aad may load to trouble between . the Yankee
and British Governments. The following are
extracts from European papers ceneerniag the
affair.-
rFroni the London Shipping Gazette, August 24.
Lxnos, August 24. The supponedv capture
by a Federal wr steamer of the Georia ,
formerly in the Coufederate TTic. but lately
publicly disposed of to an English merchant at
Liverpool, has produced considerable excite
ment among the underwriters, who contend
that the act was illegal, and demand the im
mediate attention of the Government to the
seizure.
From tho Dublin Freeman's Journal, Augut3a.
. Private telegrams received at Liverpool an
nounce that the Federal frigate Niagara has
seized the ex-Confederate emitter Georgia,
bound to Portugal, landed her crow, and sent
tho ship to Nei York.
LivKBrooL. August 24. The mv-ter (Withy
combe) and thirty-three of tho crew of the
steam skip Georgia have been landed at Dover
by 1 he Federal steamer Niagara.
The Georgia, it will be recollect !, was, fo.r
alength of time, engaged as (.Ni: federate pri
vateer. She arrived wt Liverpool a fevmonths
ago, and was publicly sold to Mr. Bates, of
that port, for 15.000 or 16,000: was subse
quently taken up by the Portuguese Govern
ment for the couveyanee of mails from Liver
pool, Lisbon, to the-Azores and Jmck; and it
appears she was in transit t tho? ports when
her capture was.made, with hero ngo.
The affair has caused much excitement in the
North. The Herald says of it :
The Georgia, when seised, was under the
British flag, and her captain entered a protest
against her seizure. The event ezeitos much
controversy. It is rumored that the capture
was effected under consent of the British Gtv
ernment. There is much differeuce of opin
ion as to the legality of the capture; but gene
ral satisfaction! is expreNsed.
Some attributed the .quick recovery of gold
this morning in part to the capture of tho- pri
vateer Georgia, under tke British fUg, the im
pression being that it may possibly lead te en
tanglements with England.
Morthcrn Politics.
The following" extracts from the Tribe oe,
will'show the drift of the Presidential canvas.
We premise by sayiag that MiiC.'ellan's nom-
ination has caused the malcontent. Republi
cans to give in their adhesim to Lincoln :
Two McClell-.tn men eruflsinor tk Wnll
street Ferry Saturday evening, when the news
ef the victories at Atlanta was known ope
said privately to the other, Well, we will
elect Little Mac in spite of all the victories !'
What a confession ! The Democrats have no
hope of getting into power except by the suc
cess of the rebellion.
Wbv were the McClellan men so downraaf
on Saturday ? They knew that their hopes
01 success wen aimintsned by the victory at
Atlanta. Their best chance e prty triumph
is in the defeat of the National arms, aad
tb'y know it. Is theirs a patriotic. party ?
The Tribune charges that McClellan is
supported both as a War aad a Peace candi
date, and says :
It is barely possible that the majority of
the voters of the North may be so infinitely
asinine as to accept a eaudidate so lied into
office him 'the perfect gntleman, devout
Christim,' fcc. but we shall uoi believe it
until proved. . Meanwhile, we shall leave no
means untried to expose those whose daily
bread is their daily shame, by such devilish
deception.
In order that eur readers may perceive the
justice of our remarks, however, unqualified
in their familiar Sxon, we subjoin tho fol
lowing paragraphs : -
The Daily ftews says :
The triump h of tho peace party ia the
Convention at Chicago, was not only assured
by the character of the resolutions passed, bnt
in the nomination of George tL Pendleton,
the eloquent advocate of peace, whose whole
record in Congress makes it manifest that he
disbeliever in coercion by arms ia a Govern
ment founded upon consent. To restore the
Union by war, is an absurdity that never en
tered the vigorous brain .of this young states
man of the West lie has studied the consti
tational history of the country too closely ever
to be carried away by any sach delusion as
this. Should the Democratic ticket be elect
ed, and a cessation of hostilities bo secured
fer a few weeks, the man dees not live at the
North who will have the moral courage to
advocate a policy that shall open again the
bloody drama of war, with all its terrible
surreundiiigs '
The. World says:
Generai McClellan, when inaugurated, will
find a war on his hands, (unless Mr. Lincoln
shall, meantime, have made a disgraceful dis
union peace,) and until reunion becomes pos
sible, he will conduct it with all the skill,
vigor and efficiency which the country ex
pects from so accomplished a soldier and
so staunch a friend to the Union, but in such
a manner as will not obstruct the growth of a
Union parity in the South.
Within the past few days the price of corn
in Cumberland, S. C has declined from
tweuty-five to twelve dollars per bushel.
Beef, bacon and other articles have also de
clined in price. Stvannah ivetes -
We do net know wbem "Cumberland, S.
C." is, bat we would enquire, are there any
vacant houses in or near the place, to be let
0
eat by rasdlorda wheTecognise th doctrine -
of a future life of rewards and punishments ?
. K. C. Bbioabbs. Gea. KirklaaeV haviag
recovered from his recent woand, has been
assigned to the brigade lately commanded by
Gen. J. G. Martin. Col. McRae or the 15th
K. C. Regiment, commands Kirkland'a old
brigade. Cel. A. C. Godwin, 67ih N. C.
Troops, has been' promoted te the rank of
Brigadier General.
o-
The printers of New' Jersey boast
there is not a single printer in the 'State
that
pn-
ton of the State, aad but ene ia the Legis
WTurV.
OBITUARY.
Died, a prisoucr in the hands of the enemy, at
Point Lookout, Maryland, on the 16th of July
last, Thomas J images Jeffreys, aged 21 years
and 12 aays
Born On the anniversary of American Indepen
dence, this noble young man seemed to haveitn
bibedCSts hnllowed associations j tor at the begin
ning of this war he volunteered in the Ellja Artil
lery, with which ha remained till that company
was seat out of th-j ate. Being so young and
withal tho only hop and protection of bis widow
ed mother she prevailed upon hiiu to remain at
home. 'Bnt his stay was of short duration, for
burning with innate patriotism he soon
' Resolved to tuinle in the tide
Where charging squa Jrons furiously ride,
To conquer or to die."
He then joined Cant. Rufus S. Tucker's cavalry
company, of which he was madd Sergeant, and
continued through the vicissitude of three active
campaigns, when on the 31st May last, he was taken
prisoner at Uanover Court-IIause. For weeks a
painful uncertainty as to hij late drooped the
spirit of his family and friend?, when at last thv
were assured of his safety through a follow pris
oner ef war.
Alasl this consolation was brief; for a fellow
prisoner writes that he ii no iure. "Duat to
dust -earth to earth."
The hero youth, gentle as brave, still lives in
the hearts of a grief-stricken mother, tistern and
brothers and in tha remembrance of a numerous
kindred and sympathising neighbors.
C..B. H.
v
Camp 5tu X. C Cavai rt, )
Near Petersburg, Va.
At a meeting of the officers of the 5th N. C.
Cavalry Iiegiinent, held September 3d 184, Capt.
K. F. Shaw waa called to the Chair, and Lieut.
Geo. J Moore was requested to act as Secretary.
Tne Chairman in a few feeling remark referrt-d
to tne recent sudden dath of Surgeon Klvis Me
CiioRY, and explained that Hie meeting was called
tor me purpose or gtnag expression to the teel
ings of the Itogiment at his untimely demise.
The following were appointed a committee to
draft appropriate resolutions, viz . Ca t. X P.
Kankm, Dr. T. F. Coleman and Serg't W. L.
t..- mi L .... . . . .
noM Auejf reporiea ine loltowing, wlucuver
adopted :
Wherbas. Our much esteemed fri-r.d and Sur
geon, Dr. Klvis McCkort. h-s boon suddenly
calledrom "time to eternitj-," we deem it right
and, proper to ffive utterance to the feelings of
11 "
sorrow wnicn nil '.urnearts; therefore
Reoled t, That in the death of Dr. MeCrory
tnis regiment has sustained the loss of a most
skillful Su rgeon, who was alwarsat his post ready
iu uuiuimsier 10 mesicK ana wouuded : ana who
bv his gentlemanly bearing and social a ualititM
had endeared himself to all ; that during a sojourn
01 nij a iew in on ins- ne nad by bis fearlessness
amid danger, his kindness and skill in treating
me wouuaea ana nis many qualities ot head and
1 1 .
ucn, cxiHiiengeu our aamnation and won our
Highest reppect and ?cirard.
Revolved 2nd, That although coming atnong us
an entire stranger, ti-oui a suter state, we so n
learned to appreciate his merits and now mourn
our loss.
Resolved 3rd, That we tender to his bereaved
family and friends our heartfelt svmnathv in iht-ir
.deep affliction ; that to them their loss is jrreat
to us, to his profession and country.
Meflved ith, That a copy of thee resolutions
be seat to his family, also to the Goldsboro' Jour
nal and Raleigh 'onfdrate for publication.
GEO. J. MOORE. Sec'v.
Mississippi papers please eppy.
NORTH CAROLINA,
Halifax Couhtt.
Court'of Equity,
. Fall Tsrm 1664.
Snsan W. Jenkins, by next friend, Ac.,
Micajah J. T. Alston, ana wifo Martha E. and
.others.
rp HIS is a bill to appoint a Trustee in place of
L John Faulcon, deceased, for the purpose of
admieistering certain trusts declared in a mar
riage settlement between the plaintiff and hor hus
band, Thomas W. Jenkins; and it'sppeariag to
the satisfaction of the Court that the defendants,
Mieajah J. T. Alston and his nife, Marlha E , are
non-reidents of North Carolina, they are hereby
eotiied to appear at the next Court of Equity to
be held for the County of Halifax aferesa d, at
the Court-House, in Halifax town, on the 4th
Monday after the 4th Monday of September, 184,
then aad there to plead, answer or demnr to said
bill, otherwise the same will be taken aa confessed
by them, aad a decree will be entered accordingly.
ANDREW-CONIOLAND. C. M. E.
At OOiee ia Halifax town, Sept. 9, IBU.
eep 14-w(5w j
PUBLIC fcAI.E.
HATING qualified as Execntor, the under
signed, at the residence of Mrs. Marv H.
Cheek, deceased, 00 the main road one mile south
of the town of Warrenton, will, on the 22d day of
September 1864, sell at public auction, all the
Household and Kitchen Furniture, Plantation
Tools, Fo der, Oats. Horses. Tobacc . in hhda..
32 Cows, Oxen. dc. 75 to 100 Hoes, inclndiaa-
Sows and Pigs and many crood for pork, bein
now in good condition, and every other kind of
perishable property belonging to the deceased.
Six months credit for alt sums over 1100. As
soon as gathered, there will be a fine crop of Corn
and Fodder for sale, of which further notice will
be given. The plautation, a most desirable one,
is also for rent, either privately or publicly. This
sale is well worthy of the attention of those who
wish to obtain a supply of Corn and Meat, or a
goad residence.
THO. J. PITCHFORD, Ex'r.
WarrentQn, N. C, Aug. 29 aug 31-d20t-w3t
Vftekly Conservative copy 3 times.
Dr. Deems' Appointments.
The Financial Agent of the North Carolina Or
phan Endowment Fund will address the people oa
the State of the country, especially in behalf of
the orphans cf our soldiers, at the following times
and places, if Providence permit :
Tarboro', Edgecombe Co. Tuesday,
Sept. IS
" 16
Black Creek, Wilson
(I
Thursday,
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday, -Tuesday,
Sunday,
Tuesday,
Sunday,
Tuesday,
Salem, Forsvthe
Huntsville, Yadkin
Tadkinville, "
Jonesville, "
Wilke boro', ,Wilkes,
Rock Spring, Alexander
Taylorsville,
Olin, Iredell
Statesville,
(
It
ti
t
(
tt
ti
tt
ti
ti
22
23
24
23
21
2
4
9
1
tt
it
ti
. n
Oct.
tt
it
tt
Thursday,
13
To all these places he has been kindlv invited
On the Sundays he will preach. On Thursday,
September 29th, he will preach at the Church of
any denomination to which he may be invited,
which he can reach so as to keep his appointments
at Wilkesboro' apd Rock Spring, and on Thurs
day, October Gth, at any Church between Tay
lorsville and Olin. 3
He begs leave to express bis thanks for tho un
varying kindness he has received in all parts of
the State, and his gratitade to Almighty God
who opens the hearts of the people more and
more to this most patriotic enterpjise. He relies
upon the friends of the cause to make arrange
ments to send him to and from his appointments.
sep 8-dAtwAw-5t.
BThe Greensboro', Salem, Statesville, Salis
bury and Charlotte papers are respectfully re
quested to give the above a few insertions.
Notice. Taken np and coBnltted te
the Jail of Catawba, a dark NEGRO man
about fifty years of age.-Said negro says his name
is PLEASANT, and thst he is the property of
Hugh Carlylo and Geo. Henderson of Georgia.
" A. J. HELTEX, Jailor.
Kowton N. C.April 13th 1864. ap. 20 12-w6m
STATE OF N0&TD ( AB04IKA, BUBII
COCNTI.
Couut of Pleas and Quautxe Siseievs,
July Tinu, 1864.
Sarah Fisher,
OS.
Perklas Johasen aad wifo BUsabetb, George
Fisher, James James -and wife Sarah, Heirs at
Law ef Thomas Fisher, dee'd.
Petition or Dur.
TT'appearingto the satisfaction of the Coarr, that
J; that Perkins Johnson and wife Elizabeth, George
Fisher, James James and wife Sarah, are non
residents ef this State: it is ordered, that publi
cation be made ia the Weekly Confederate for six
successive weeks, notifying said parties personally
te appear at the Court House in Mergaaten, on
the 1st Monday after the 4th Monday in Septem
ber next, then aad there te plead, answer or do
mur to said petition ; otherwise judgment pro
eono will be entered as to thorn..
. Witness, J. B. Kincaid, Clerk of said Const, nt
office in Morganton, the 1st Monday after the ith
Moaday ia June, A. D. ltS4.
Jw B.NOAU,C.O.C.
TELEGRAPHIC.
T?9.l lnK RESS ASSOCIATION
Froia Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Sept. lO.-This morning aboat
two o'clock, the enemy massed eleven regiments
in front of Finnegan and Harris' skirmish liaos
driving ia two of tr lines and cspturiag soiao
thirty prisoners. Oeas. Fisnegaa and Hsrris
quickly .rallied their m.-n, reUkiag the iaaer liae
and capturing sixty prisoners, including one eoa.
missioned officer. One skirmish line was re-established
at a distance at some points two hundred
yards, at others not more thaa fifty yards ia tho
rear of our former skirmuh line. Oa yesterday
sharf shooting began on this part of the line.
Heretofore a sort oftiuce existed. Prisoners
captured belong totho 1st brigade, third divi
sion, second corps. Nothing' of iotrroit at this
hour.
From (icD. Whecltr.
RICHMOND, Sopt, ll.-Iu an ofllclal dispatch ,
datedaieadmrters, Whroier reports as follows :
We destroyed tl lUilroad aad bridge on tho
Xasuville Railroad, then raoved down 00 the AN
abama aad Tenuessee Railroad. We destroys
fifty miles of;he AUbaiaa aad Tennsse Rail,
road; also several trains and much property!
In every fight thus far with the enemy, wo have
beon successful, capturing and damaging a largo
number. Our loss is about one hundred killed
and wounded. No prisoners captured in action
from u.
From Mar) land.
RICHMOND, Sept. ll.-The new Constitution
for Maryland, was adopted by tho Convontion
on the 6th-ycas ii, says i3. Dent, who voUd in
the negative, said tho Coaatitution was an instru
ment of wrong and opprewion unparalleled in tho
history of American constitutes. The Conven.
tio idpoiraed, subject to the call of the Presi
de rktcn lengihy letter in re
ply t Judge Ould's recent proposals fwt exchange
of prisoners.. Ha says if the Confederate authori
ties aro willing to exchange colored soldiers as
prisoners claimed as .laves in the Confederate
Sutes, iho. principal difficulty in effecting ex
change will be removed.
- From Georgia. .
MACON, Sept. 0. In their retreat from Jones
boro' the enemy burned every cress tio, aad broke
every rail fortifteou miles on the Macon and Wes
tern road. Our pickets extend six miles beyond.
Jonesboro', with no enemy in sight, except scat
tering parties. A Captain and Mvo privates wero
eaptured yesterday. They were very insolent,
ftating that having virtually suppressed the re
bellion in Georgia, Sherman's army would now
help Grant take Richmond and wind the war ap.
They also stated that thirty' thousaad of his men
would be mustered out this month, and that tho
times of many of these had already expired before
the fall of Atlanta, but they wero conjured to re
main until after that event happened.
The enemy is closely massed around Atlanta.
and there is not the slightest prospect of an ad
vance soon. Our army ia arain in snlendid aoiriu.
Trena Mobile.
. MUBiLb,Sopt. 9. Gea. Taylor has assumed
command of this department. 4
Gov. Watts is here.
Four blockaders are in sight. All quiet.
Flro In Rlchnond.
RICHMOND, Sept. 10.-A very destructive fire
occurred at Maacheeter last night, originating at
Gilmoro's Tobacco factory , which , with coateats,
embracing a largo stoek of tobacco, wero entirety
destroyed. Gary 'a Factory and several dwellings
were also destroyed. The lire was the work of so
incendiary. The loss will exceed a million aad a
half collars.
Fraia the North.
PETERSBURG, Sept. .-The Herald 'ef tke
7th saya Alvin GHlem telegraphs from Hall's Gap,
Tenn., that he surprised Jack Morgan on tho 4th,
killed and defeated him, capturiag seventy-five
prisoners and one piece of artillery. Telegram
from Btrrvville, Clark county, say there is no con
formation of Early's retreating up tho Valley.
The Republicans carried Vermont with increas
ed majority; also Wilimgton, Delaware.
Seward mado a groat.electionecring speech ia
Auburn Saturday night, announcing that no draft
would be inforccd, there being plenty of volna.
teers, and rebuked the radical abolitionists and
denounced tho peace Democrats, aaid slavery
would not bejnterfered with after the war.
It is reported that Fremont will withdraw is
ten days and that Wade of Ohio would take the
stamp for Lincoln..
Telegrams from Washington say ealiitmonts '
for tbe federal army the last ten days would aver
age three thousand per day, and say the auti
Republican ticket, forming in the west, will bo
Chase for Prcsideat; Frank Hair, Jr, Vice Presi
dent. Rosseau telegraphs that Whoeler has cresitd
Duck river, and joined his forces with Roddy, both
retreating to Florence. There is a large foree ef
rebels in Missouri.
' The English press juntify the seisure of tho
Georgia. The Herald eays the World aad News
declare the fall of Atlanta ameaats te aothiag.
Mosby capture i an ambalance train and 35 wa
gons near Harper's Ferry. Heavy cannonading
heard in the city last Sunday night in honor of
the fall or Atlanta. Gold two forty-one.
ssco.f 9 OlsrATCR.j
(MOBILE, Sept. 10. A special dispatch te the
Register from Senatobia says tho Memphis Bulle
tin of the 7th has been received, which contains a
report that Shelby with five thousand men are
threatening Charleston aad Capo Oiradaou Mis
souri. A largo nnmbor of Prices, men are in South
ern Missouri apparently awaiting the arrival ef
their General.
Memphis is filled with Arkansas rumors, aese
reliable. .
Tho New York Mercury asserts that the Chica
go Convention has tacitly sgreed opon a plaa of
reconstruction of. the Onion, and contemplates
the organisation of five separate Confoderaciei,
each independent of the others, whose maasge
ment of local affairs shall be bound to .each other
by alliances, offensive and defensive thes Cos
foderscirs te eeaslst of the Swath Atlantic Stales
the Trans-Mississippi States the North-Writ
the Middle States, and the New Eaglaad States.
A similar plaa was proposed by Vallaadigbam la
Congress ia February, J8I1.
TITHE TOBACCO.
BT authority of the General Tobacco Ageat for
North Carolina, County Agents are authoris
ed to extend the time fer tbe collection of the
Tithe Tobacco, till the first of October, prox. To
bacco raisers in the counties ol Wake aad Orasgo
will have their Tithes delivered by that time, ae
that is the last day ef grace.
JAS. T. WHITTED,
Agt for Wake aad Orange Counties.
The Tobacco from Wako County to be delivered
to JOHN W. COSBY, Raleigh.
mmm 0-4.trf.w At-
J Breadard easyy 2 tines tnO. W. It it yretVf