f
; f
1
V
-irZ-zzj tit sod
iff:
Sfro,taa the Ooverntifit ;
,v PewaboTQ; and
urf ; 1
t-yrftifta'of KBArd
a i-j. ooturans oi. us
zate far tbeOurerhieot .
cb ta Ipok. at this ipmly
, j 1 otiJjr lojal patn-r-aot an ifl
wrcrciacTK. a person wn
C-roo: apofrthe earn? prnei- j
TrOT the ftt)grc do! btioj
'it ttaod ft chief aoafpg the :
Bst'jV bo applaOdcd fey
7cr. j csetiog aa tUowp tlclipff,
t-TdIcoIarif of quoted neetter for
"T ri I a J -
-mTJct ftttjcts aoTit ta not
Itor, iu w0 nJ thi editorials
ver abowlanf testimony
I aodtrebt!ngopfosiioo to the
titer ifTifiuu wuriuj mciiiwijut
1 ckt.-Hji " ftltoyo fltttodl are nut to
9d45yrcpa'hislngwiihibe rrogrese
j It pa ttlOovernmcdt, Wcatue- .they
U Xthiafaof J? ertaemeot ; be
( iKmsiy ire quite aafiUieut reaiont
- V -m r,
Vi-s "...
' ' f 'J.f crtatttl UmI that cow 1U
f X' 3t'H strange ctr milk
aouaeiUier
T I 1 ' f
, . , 'V-Jcn',fot)tbi"chuiee; taipendeot of
' "iw afltthite alUttukf towards th
; . (iaV e Can suggest, a defence fos
t I -f,lsftriathe easpicUM of -those
-Hi U3U weai, wip w eniireiy
1rs?s Vlf 3pe eoetoy be a bnogred, ye
fpA&i4'Jtejl ; if naked ye shall
Vtip. ijfltinen tliwe ufiioer will bear
'i Uijifenca yooly pirtial fur
1 V L
r uuer'aera en.'n Q
"..'"y H&A mi4 Cloths an ene
1 U iverntunnc
enemy of the.
4:-
V4 ticeueari
i Qaaktr TrwiJ who coil
tirViltirV ITt'tiil.l thli
.-rj- -
with
:.Srsi.. flik.ino na ilie cheek.
And,
v friend ? ' Why, I turned the
I'im. but in tba mennti
r.
ian. D new I. i n mm i i in
Jajerioas disadvantage in
j Pr5grf-intl so far
V? yabl o get" it. No one
.?rk:fV keep it. Bat
5r ithe assertion, that In its
ent there will be
k-
name ine:tel by
.ei tie Miow-citizens
i "Dcsiructivoi " eoo-
Je-rtigresSf .while daily
adion'with which it acts
yonsezvaii. A- h. with
cfi far an l a swallow fork
ktiAo'ta completely "mthe
Rjs J jnbj ct U Lis "uladtifi--
k?r'Cre identifier with
"'fiCjalcootents, who are
-'IrMVin jtimUin2 the
ry its jisefulncaii.
Vans pfxno gleams of a
J sly they eome afre
r'lr fexampla; We see
.Klics says: AVnir f
Jadtogthe writ of 11a-
iteintaU issued, we shall
sJ&wr to ciduct oorself iu all
vb tss'VyatvBECTwM- , ' !
.v JUWjT 'tai,car tbis-for one might I
4 laTtti leklk rrogress V would rk ll
1 I n i - - nuiui nuuiu
Nyitft bee ft-'tRaable Jlaat no one could have .
pA-IWJJtSttbe desirable reeult,
WjJttle TOptt!on "s proclaimed the
V - I. OJ the , tnow pefttl of the rrolgress,
IZzir 0 tMjhjtljradjice it rolunfeers -'i
V' --tiriU Ijb of Hhe lOtb, it .
t
I pi!wj nowerer, we
use be will make of-it
not aCuso if Well, tna'
to give this advice it is
einMt fatherly ad-
no i doubt give it
authoritywoll '
who wave besa
Jf ospirfcy, or mcite
lika aaocee, r The jjrpr-.
en' the cobtmry, to bring -
-rat leist topnt suc per- -
far their disease. '
rtsult fr& this, coarse, a
itl fc UbqtiUtei for -
U m - t .
- :
nention ; Take - i
ye ar actench.
urs. If yeave
Kmm iUl.'
.J&tt tW hkt ef
lpBiM ssesuid
icrpsDd,
me i .
r -
if
jr mm' j ai ? ---i. - '
, Jnd neia2nt ami viulent
'. .Av7tiK!firtmsntft.rf the GoTkrn
t r fflie ttfft nd opposition to almost
, s" iaw
or ts lareoera'
men a.
r chrbV . After ctlmsvU G.-passuate cufcitde-
rtUoo, we are compeiiea t neiieve, tnai ioom
are orrtna P Convention are fatally bent
mischief sand that the fixed and dVtenninV
purpose f "ttiose.-wlsov .inaugurated lb
veaseuV hi to witbdiV (be State from tbe
nh-deracy od thus place, themselves in a
tww to treat wrW"tUn tMenyut
ar m return t QtEe qnae.
Those wfce '.! JtTyood.s limits of .the
fLfte eren can cme to.no ot.conclusiwi It
II not pretettpi orefe binted st by the mends
Ad adHeataef CoftwrtMi'Wi,.tbt their ob-
vtt is to amend ion Stftte Boostttution, witfa
9ti t relcrence jut ur ooowhhj dohhm, xi
Ieyiew Mw ;a!
Aoo( Ift period, of '
ifeiutflt&e call-of C
cq preiexv is put lorwaTU. w mwi ercu i
sHenvas jo. war purpose, aeir
. war ftcd rerojuti-m , to
Caof eotiofl, can hare no
tt her raUOKfti , irsrnitiott. than f tnst ftne
ebiect Is tu brios tni;Mca.to bear upon our
fed refutation, whic exclusirelr monopolize
Bnt thoae-uf as who are oo the spoCT
tre aa opportunity of witnessing the inOuences
I, wotk, ana woo . aoo w waeuung at mi? pw
tieai status", jof. the aan "who 'are ingat
htive in this ConTcrntioa moroement-we ire'
lot leftio conjecture as to the object and pur-
lose of these men.. Any.matf of ordir-ry an
lerttsn'dingron reading the newipaperrio 'tbe
lute tsfti advocate a Confehfiovcan net ail
L see the end aimed atl is seTerance. of the
lute from the. Confederacy: " Although' the
lnsees do cot openly stow mat tneir purpose
I to withdraw from -the 'Confederacy yet it
I Dotarioas, that tbey publish with comment
(atory. ijOtice, labored communications, tiying
x prove ', t mt. ike Coufedirate governunt
I op'preAsive and despotic; and that the only
ppc oi tnep- pie oi me Diaie,iinorin w -
na Uk.ng the excjasire management ot ber
ETaira into her wwn hands. V hibtt these jour
tie may not directly advocate .eecesaion-lronK
M . . .
iietnisx, yet their editorials, teeta with com -
Ilaiut and censure against the . Confederate
overnjnent injalt it departments ; denoune
igitas cruel, arbitrary ahdT oppressive, and
(vkieutly laboring to excite and ,'arouae the
ngry pasiwn .t our people against ; hat
Government of their choice, in deftuce of
Ihich so much blood has beeu shed, and for
fhiclf-Nurth Carolina herself I as md such
Inmense aacriScfsoT life and treasure
I There ia one fact which cannot be irnored.
(id which is preguautwith instruction to those
ho regard ike speaking oT the mouth as indi
itlve of the feelKigS with which th U art is
hJL The earnest and pen-mouthed advocacy.
If a CenventHMi w, in the main, confined , to
poe. Wbd have habitually 4ettcaiced.the ineu
fbost -they desiguate as the; original oeces-
touisis who brought oa tlie war who have
mplained of the war as wrongfully commenced
in our part who have stigmatized the measure
Lr its rigorous prosecution as overbeariDg and
prrannicaJ and who have ever been prophets,
II evil loreoodmg, in regftra to tue nnal rejuit
u the othr Jiaud, those, who have ever regard
d.the secession of the State, and the war cou
oent thereon, as forced upon us by an in
evitable necessity woo insist on an untiring
Sad determined prosecutioa of the war as the
only means of saving us from "a fate woree than
ieath and. who have ever .advised a loyal
ibtnisision to measures apparently harshajyet
IndUpeneible to 'the salvation of the country
all sucb are, to a man, opposea to tins agitation
ef a Conventien, and regard it as fraught with
svils indescribable.
d cunstitutioually, by a two thirds vote
m both - House of the Goners! Astemolyv
4'he adyocatee of a Convention here fiu l a
diliicuitv. '1'ht v cu't get a twn thirds vote
k ifi bvtu llousei. ilouce tney .'propose by e
imp!e majority vote, to pal the (iUeUon to
4oUjf"tlie jveonle of the Si ate. AiiA in the
Sot providing tor putting tie quandun to pop
ular vole, their plan ill,, nu doubt, te, to
provide all the appliances for an electiuu of
delegate, and ih meetint; of the Cooveaiioa,
m cade -there anou'd be a taajoritv vote iu fa
vor At' a Convrntion. ,But auppoee such an
act pa-socd, such a vote taken, and a inaj iuty
oi iuoe voting, to vuie in lavor oi a uuven-
ion. tJuch 'a uiajority would noiubt ap
pf;r on the poll books; for tajte it for gtan-
teu tuv..ryat ; opponents- of thin mort rnent
ftimld rtiUi-e to gu to tb pute.w Wliat wuul
such'a vote bu worth, eveu admitiiti? a ma
jority of -the eutire vote of the whuje iupld
i tne otaie to De in tavor oi it jt wou d
aioonnt to just nothing at. all. It Would be a
mere bruium fulmen. It would be a iwucced
tiigpt culy uut Sanctiunod . by the consiitu-
.n of the State, but directly in opposition to
ft. J here is no such principle rec-guiz-.d in
.uroLtitution, or pervading our insiitutiine ;
as that -a mere numerical - majouty shall be
empowered to change our fundamental law
mr to fix or alter our iKditic status, fur
fiie fnure. .Tt renr idsa of a const itu
Iton," in the American sepse of the term, is
sntagonUttc to buch a piiuCipin. A O'nven
fon ftiiseiiib'ed uader such .ci-'cuai-utcea,
would have no more legal p.wer or aut i;y,
than a town mevtiugi. Its acts atid. u cm-
wunld nut only :tm virtd-but aa tar a ic
might cmf in .-nflict with the eatat.! US
order or ihicg.-, tbey would be instirrec ;a
ty, ii aiieinptca to oe enlorcea : and a.- lar
as tht-y mig'-t infringe upn our prsetit cou
Ideratif relation they WouKi be couuter-rev-
qlutiunary and treasonable.
f Our .(Joiit'ederate coiis.titn?iin'rccOguizs the
right abddutv'uf the GjuWer ue Goyrumeiu
a iuterf.oe iu a'biali', tj su'upret iuurrec
Con " a weii- as to'Vd Uiv'asioK The
Ssurreit'uri hVri inetilto. e-ij efidcDtly meaus
insurrection arainst tue hjcai Stt GuVcrn-
J ipent orvauthtrities. At) atiem4 t .;enfrce
Ue decrees oi a lUunveutlou caiieti under such
rcumsUi.ces as I have alluded to. lemdd bi
if surrectiim 'gaint the ftate as now omti
irtedatd organised. 'Hie State waa plaeed
in ber present tamledynrte f telatiuu, liy a
in&nimows vote cf CJnvrutin, coeHitqu3T
ally catt!. wbsa decree wa cordially ae;
cuiesord -in .by ber peple.' Any forerble
Si tempt tu change .that relation by a-'xn
the late Convention defining treason - vtl
the State. f. the Confederate)' Gver.
ahu.'d JuWuuee, as injlaiy betind. ta a: iu
cne anpprtaMou sjictt ineurrrciiou,- w n a-
frribte: roaisiauce "'uf th" Confederate su'uiori-
tt, vluuld -iuvulse .treason agsinHt t lieu Con
In
fnkrate Government. . Th Hsbt u tiuxv if I
iThe morenjeuta on fcc la tfc3tu, fof
A Convention, -a ; la ins and I jrl
irf!!j" :t anxtvnef w3
l CootetVrate Government to iptrp i I validating the vernal ent, and of the exer
iVttiiia: unwn; i:ior reel wu iH a SiaW K time r ?f arbitrary pewera by the Confederate an-
peai where ely ta intereaos of ihe
are 'in. jetpwtfi are pate.it and na- 1
ionableV It w much- rrure clear that I
riant. bw inncfa Ww bindiii that nfri.l
4 tTl-y of the State it-
Al :V - t r " .e-jrrf 1
i,utnf proper we should say. that
do not believe that all who talk iu favor.
Convention, are disposed to re-coostruc-
with the Yankee government, ot in favor
urawing xroia me Uonlede.ixcy. XXaiy,
Xjtiamy, bare been deluded by tba leading
ntM)ri!itoci Into VT-f,- ft Jt-
vice that by trer Jr k pc noa r itb tbtit
Uccjs&TQoTerBat, tltv jcill be Zl to rf
ciiritfetir "slmrf profmywbercrt - if Jft;I
war.ooncuioev sttjrery irrs tneva ' f pensa
as in institution; and ther& lusvkp proff
erty forerer. It is usetrns to combat the ftt
surdity ortbeae treschenus propositions,
Tbey art not put forth openly, nut -eerertl ets
and slyly, aa appeals to personal avarice ana ,
aelnabneea ; therefore.'a lpublie tefuution of
itn i not called fdt.M--. , t i -
llLSJMftatifmtJitH aceeaai-.
bte to the voice of resjouend wrgoawm, wsT
wouhl -appeal to their sober judgment, and ,
aak them to fillect. But 'they eesiu bent on 7.
destruction -mber" the destruction of their't.
country, or thentes. r As lung as the ,
weapons of their warfare, are abuse and
unnciation of those who dierwhb tjiiem, and -appeals
to the f rdui and selfish psseioris of:
ihe humsn hert 'calm reflection and toif
acgtttsulit are norto be exmcted'oT .them.,.,
Many ot ir, leaner ssaa toave yc jputea
the cost" of the; tendency of their tiours. -
jhey know tbey have already gone so far," '.
tnai, in case rucceeci hi tois great situgg .
for huTmSa rights, thWy will be marked and
remembered. Among them, axe men of in
telligence. ' Tbey tit bs ignorant or the-
issue tbey are ; tendering, :nd hastening to a
crisis . with the Cnnederate Government, and
the other states composing tnat Government.
Tbey1 jnust sA and know, that the -Con fode- '
rate Government; whilst itnngfat'be disposed -',
so far as the interests ot tW.ate alon .ara ;
concerned, to sbataio . ttom t all liuteVference' .
ant) ignore these local movements ystwlien
the influence of tLia movement on the general;
cause is considered the . moral effect on th
-struggle at large the enoouragfcinent H must , .
aohit04o tba common eneury its depress
ing influence on our gallant men iu the army, '
and the loyal and true men out of the army
must see, that the - Confederate Government -cannot,
it dare not, allow this project to go on .
until it culminates in a disruption of th Cou- .
iederacy, aud in reducing North Carolina io
thecooftiiion of Maryland and Kentucky;'
- T'nuS far; the Confederate' Govtsmuaeut 'and v
the Cou federate authorities have' exhibited ;
ersry forbearftuce erery indiapysiuon . to in
terfere. ' But v& warn those who are rushitrg; ,
the State to the very brink of the preqipice,
that they need not expect this forbearance to
eontinue, whenever ihe great principle of -
aslf-preservation may render further non-in-tervemton
impossible. VV mean this rot by
way of. threat, frr terrorem but by way of
frierdly warning. By their recklcs, violent,
and denunciatory Conduct, they are forcing
theeCou federate Governtnaut to uecide, wbetli
er it will use prevention, or rely on curtrig the
'dutease, after it shall have reached its achme.
If it is evident (and we honestly and sincere- ,
ly think 4i is evident) tbtt mischief is brewing
that a plan to disrupt he Confederacy ia
maturing that the seeds of iuburrectipu are
being sowed that the plot is-lhickemng daily;
do they think the. Confederate Governtnent,"
aud autnonues,. will regard it as thepart of
prudence aud of wisdom- to wait, until
nu uulasful assenibliig shaH hnve - con
vened ; shall have had time to mature
and organise and a:all -ultimately .raise the
s andard of inuurrectiou aud civil war, in the
State? Or rather may they net expect. the 4
Confederate Government and authorities to use
a considerate forecast, aud provide beforehand, -for
intercepting aud crushing their machina
tions ?. ' 'We see how . this Convention pro
jact is viewed by the Lincoln press iu flewbern,
by the New York if Tribue," and by Everett in
his Gettysburg speech. They- view it' as a:
raovemeut favorable o rA77 ; and we see no re
pudiation of their view, by the Convention
presses' in this 3 ate. If the mSvement goes on, '
of course it will invite Jin invasion of this State,
and a march to vbis city by the Yankees. - For
ourstlves, we deem it due to Candor and ein.
'cerity to declare thajt we regard it' as a duty
whica the ConTedernte government and aufhori--ties
owe te tue great and holy caaae in which we'
are" struggling -rto the cause .'of civil liberty
whieh isibreatened with cbain and dungeons
to religious' freedom, whose altars have been
deseoratfd to domestic joy and peace,
whose, -hearth-stones have . been, polluted
jo the.' rnenqory of our 'martyred dea l,'
whose blood C;ies from Hie. ground for Ten
geaoce to the stainless purity of 004m other,
Wives and sisters, .who have beu oatraged a:.d
insulted 10 tue iuatch!e.ss valor of our. gallant
soldiers, who are enduring, hadsbips and. pn-
vatiooa and tuiTering fnf ther -country to
every high, and ennobling omdtfrat'6n if
Tinue, of ikunoraudof patriotism the Con-
ftlerate Government aud authorities, owe it
tall thee, to interpose, tp preVeat the .
"g.viugaidanS cmfort"' to a "ruthless enemy,,
that ihreatensu, if conquered, wich a far
worse tbau Egyptian bwndae. We tell those
who. are bringing this , trouble on- the State,
and ou themselves, N that our purpose is n.t .
the sheildiug . .uf . blood, but to ' prevent,
the shedding of blood. If it is the' determina
tion of the' agitators in this State, tu place
themselves iu a ptitiou uf open insurrection ;
against the constituted authorities! tf tlie State -(as
we iuttiat tbey wi l do if they attempt to enf "
force tue decrees of an uncoostitutioiMt Cu
veaition) we repeat- Qthe language of kind
admonition, they are presuming entirely too far
ou the l. rbearance of the Conlederate Govern
nent, if they euppo'se that Government will
quietly 'stand by, and see thi great caue
ruintu,"tu'r the want of .firmness aixt deci'siiin
hop its part after sucb immense sacrifices have :
been inaife, and when we -are now cheered
with the hope that we have passed through
tba wortt of this ordeal of blood and suffering:
e tell them they deceive 'themselves, if the$r
suppose . the C'nfef!erate Government will .
how such iasenibility to the ..hard fatevU e
bitter any. of (a true aud loyal tiiciids and
supporters iu the State, as iu heartlessly l,k
on and see us trtiaiiel between the upper and
nether njill-su.nes Yankee cruelty and reu
geance'4o.l domestic disaffection and treaeon.
Wo teli.tbem tbey.pay a pxr compliment to .
tne sagacity ot . the Uoufederate Government,
it they expect that. Governmeia t - wait, Li
the active campaign of the . enduing Spring
and-Sumnn-r; shall rjuire!aU our availtble,
frce to ufbst'the foreign enemy in the field
and when, if called on " to sustain the con-'
tituted authorities of - the Sfafe. and sae
f Stae lligbta ' hi Korth Carolina, it will not
vtr.tead against d mestic insur-
itb their forttsn aoxiliariea :- .
toe task of ? suppressing lnsnr-
prectio1wvea:cvd y the. additional labor of
jyi are not to be aaawered with the stereotype
ey. that we are jIvisins! the aoeroioB at the
States by Obe' Confederate Govtriiment-tlmt we
are; adrocatioe. the disregard and 'overthrow of
"fbt f the fftateei-itbaf weare in favor of
wer M ttmUmdms for JStaU-rtgkts,
Z l"V" . p"1" wimuwubb oi
fT"a .wonnn pnrt ana its ratejnij
- WiWlSU tbat
XZ&IJm Stfbt me. f the .traiUU Ll,
Xliat trf isioa ef . the Confederate O itolio
c rr
fpwtW"Arot of State-rights. We are in
tavor of its rigid enforcement when neeessary ta
save the rights of the Statesno matter whom it
may compromise whether they msy occupy the
highest seats id the synagogue, or whether they
saay .be the truckling agents who bJJadly follow
the ''programme of others whether they ars
the lions whose roars nay wake the forest, er
Cmh: V S:ngr5r3Lltke (ederato
6tate of Aan-a do eaef. That the nolSers of
silTieaiwij intrs above the dtnominanon of
five dollars not bearing interest, sball be allowed
tfntS! m first day of AprU? Jtcst, rest or. tna
Mi4naslDcf river, and until the 1st day of Joly,
1834; f West of tb Uiedppt driver j vu fund. the
sairie,iKl antil law eriod.andX (he ( pUcea.
sUted the bol 'tars of all such Treasury notes
MI PnoWtaioTantf the swue iajjniietetad
bonds payable twenty tears after, 'they bearing
interest at torate-oi loor pereeni per no
payable on the 1st day n January, and vniy, 01
each year-.' . . ' W'.V -'
8ec. 2. The gctU!ry'" tb Treasury la
hirebvutboeixed toiAsue the-'Jo4 reouired.
foe the funding prdvided for in iheoreceding
section ; and until tne nonas can oe proviueu,
he rose issue certificates' to insHthe purpose;
Saeh bosds anoVeertifieates ell be rtceif able, .
fiiboaUfiiarestlin oavmeht of all Government
does payable in the year 1864, except export and
Import otieS.'t,''-i-:.--
' Sec. Sv That all .Tfeaiuiry; notes of alt-do-;
nominations of tn.bnBdred'dollar8 not bear
ing interest wbtch. snail not he presented lor
funding under the provisions ojf .the first sec
tion of this act? analr;i:frort"4naeiifter the first
day of April, 1864,' Eat of the Mississippi
river, and toe nrBt aay 01 Juiy, 100, 01
the MissfcsiPDt. cease lo 6e receivable in
payment of public dues, and said notes, If.not'i
so nresedted atiextime. anau, 10 aaomon vo
the- tax. of ;tbirty-three -and -one-third cents
imposed in the 4tbsecflon of tnis act, re sun-
jeet to a tax or ten per cent, per jjnomj nam
so presented ; which taxes' shall, attach to said
notes wnereyer circuiateaauu' wir . c
ducted from the (see pi said notes whererer
Dreeented for payment or for funding, and
soch notes sbsll not be exchangeable for the
he w isswie of Treasury ' notes provided for in
this act. : - .. A :-. ' ''
, ec . 4. -That on all said Treasuary notes riot
funded or used in paymVnt of taxes at the
dates and places' prescribed in the first section
or this aet, tnerersnaii oe levma i wiu ui
and places a tax of thirty-three and one-third
cents for exe'ry diillar, funded on the" lace, of
said qotes. , Said tax.shall attach to saidnc4e3.
wherever circulated, and shall be collected by
deducting the same at Uie-TreaBUry, its depos
itaries af.d by the cullectors, and by all Gov
ernment officers receiving the same, wherever
presented for payment or for, funding, or in
payment of Government due8r or. for postage,
or in exchauee for new notes as hereinafter po
vidJ, and said Treasury not s shall be :fon
dabl'e in bonds as provided in the first sectiou
of this act, until the first day of January,
1865, at the rate of sixty-six. cent an two
-Uiirdson the dollar, and it shall, be the duly
of the Secretary of the Treasury -st anytime
between the 1st of April last and tle 1st of
J uly, 1864, west of tlte'Mi?sissi ppi riverv and
the 1st of January, 1865, to constitute ann ex-'c-hat'ge
new TreVury notes for the same, at the.
rate of sixty'six stnd two-thirds cents on the
dollar : Provided, that n.-tes of the denomina
tion of one hundred dollars shall cot- be en
titled 10 the 'nrivileste of said exchange ; -Pro
vided' fun her: that the.rkht to fund all sdeh
Treasury totes which may remain outstand
ing onthe 1st day ot .lauuary, lobo, ana
which may not be exchanged for new Treasu
ry notes, as baeir5,vprovidedi a tax of one
hundred per cent, is hereby imptjsed.
Sec, S.l'bar after the first day of , April
i.ext, all rtutlionty heretofore" given to the Se
cretary of the Treasury to issue Treasury potes
shall be. and is h-reby v revoked,", provided tlie
Secretarv if the Trensury m;ty, alter that
time, tssue new Treasury notes in such forma
as he Way prescribe payable two years atter
the ra'ificatin of a trtjaty f peace with the
United States. -said new issue tube "receivable.
in pavmeht'of all public diies,xcctt fXp'rt
.1 . - j.-.r 1 1... : 1
auri . import ouiu s, ami 10 uo twuw i
rh'inwfl for old notes it t the rate of two lr.Hrs
of the ovw issue for three dollars of the old
issues, whether said old noted be surrendered
for' exchange " by the holders thereof or be re
ceived into tbe Treasury under the provisions
f th?a aot ' nirf- th hnllfi of- the new notes
... . m . w ... . , u ' ' " " " - ,
or of the old uotes, except 4 hose of ihe denmO
i nation of bue hundred dollars, alter tbey are
reduced to sixty-six sod two-third cents oa
tne dollar by the tax aforesaid, may.couverl
into call ceriificates- bearing it.ierest at tlie
Tate of four-per cent, per ututum, and pavable
.two years alter a raiificauoirof a treaty ofw
.1eace with the United Stes, Vnlese sX)oer.
cou verted into uew notes."; " .
Sec. 6. That' itf pay the rxpeniscs of tlv?
G-ernrnemVnot oiherwise provided for;' ihe
Secretary 01 iheTsury -is ;hereby author
ised, to' issne' six per cent, bonds to an amount
not exceeding five hundred millions of dollars, .
the principal aud interest whereof shall ' be
freMj from isjtation ; aud -for tbe payment', of
the interest thereon, the entire nU receipts of
any export duiy hereinirfter. laid on tne value'
of all cotton," tobacco atd naval stores, which
s 1 alfW exported from the Confederate Stages,
an i t e nett proceeds of . the ttn port . duties
pow laid on ai much theretf as may -b neces-
sary to pay ' the interest . hereby specially '
pledged : Providcd,That' tbedutiea nw laid
upon imports, and hereby pledged, shall beVo
alter be paid in specie or in sterling exchange,
or in the conpons of said bonds. . . - S.
See. 7. That the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorizd IromOme to time, as the"
wants of the Treasury may require it, to 811
or hypothecate or Treasury note?, sdd' bonda
jpt any psrt th reot, upon, the best terms. he
on, so.as'to, meet appropriatiotis . by - Con
gressVand at the same 'time rduce and're
strict the amonut of circulatn.n ifl Treasury
uotes within reason cble and"s;.l limits.
:--,.JSeo 8VTBe bonds authorised by the 6th
section of this act my either be regisrered or
coupon bonds aa the partir taking them nAy
elect and Uiey -may - be exchanged fr each
other under sucb r goi&ttons as the Secretary
jc the Treasury Way prescribe j tbey shall be
for one hundred dollars or some multiple' of one
huudied duliars,' and 'shall,-together with the
-coupons thereto attacked, be in auch form and
f such au: hetiftcalion aa the Secretary of the
Treasury. m'iy pTeCTibe.; the interest shall le
payable half, yearly, on tbVlat'of January
and July u "each year ; the principal shall - be
payable not less than thirty years from their
date.'J--- - -yl- i-:, .
Sec. 9.- All certificates shall be fundable,
and shall be taxed in nil respe cts as is pry'
dedfor the .1 resury noies into-' wbith they
are convertible, if not eonverte! '.before .tbe
time fixed' for taking the Treasnry notta.
Such certificates shall from that time bear
interest upon only sixty-six and two-thifjls-cents
'lor every' follar; promised . upr n tneir
face, snJr sbali bo redeemabl -only in new
iTreasury notes at that rale,, but ' after' the
j-pasrageof-tbis acV ho call certificate Khali
be iswued ' until -after the v 1st day of April, J
1864
Sec, IU. Tfjat if aay bank tf deprit abIl
give i4 depoerturs jibe; Uas.aSttluJri'Bed - by
thV 1st taction of this act in fXcJhangefAicl.
, - . : .... ? - tr
'4Tb .ZZZJG'7'"
f IgTtjetftrpotfwItB "ihe Secretary of the Treasury,
the said depositors ahali be entitled to receive
the amount of said, bonds in Treasury notrs,
bearing no interest and .outstac ding at tm
passage of this act.' " 1
-1 Sec. 11. That all Treasury notes heretofore
issued 49 tlie daufttion of fiye dollars shall
cuvunoe t be recefrable iir payment of public
'"vys r.rtwi.ted ry Uw. and fmvieblejit par
er cent, oonus o " ' ..
...ku tvinl v vears . after date, -
aavable s-mi-ftonnally . But all
received by any Sfatpvter mo
V taking the same, aa aioresaw.
to have beeb recaiveaniniiuisneu
it t-f sard tax .The .discrimina
the notes subject to the tax and-
l-v-ct, shall be left to tne pou
tate, and.tne cernucsn."
eaf t-hall m each -case De cou-
tat Treasnr
notea heretofore
it i..rprctti at 1 lie
rate of even
M . - ,1,1
ty cents on the hunorea !--.
shall no longer be received in
pay
Ulic dues, but shall be deeVfcd
audi
I bonds of ttie uomeoeraie om-vp,
ears aftr the ratification of a
with the Uu'ted States, war-
interest tpecificd 011 their lace,
st of January in each and every
at the Seoeitary of the Treas
1 is hereby authorise! in case
of the government shVuld re-
iy trre demand "f any .public
ury
thrf e
quire
credit
the pt
debt may be conBracrei aner
this act, willing to receive tne
aame
tifitate of indebtedness, to oe
Secretary in such form s he .
t ! 'a aflnr O
i stined
mav di
ratific
I a treaty of peace wun ine
Jbenrlng interest at ibe rate 4of
Unite
su pei
r annum, payable semi-annu-rable
only by special endorse
gu ations. to- be prescribed by
i tbe Trersnry, and said cer
be exempt tjom taxation in
tterest.
Secretary of the Treasury is
crease the number of depos
net tho re6uire.nent8 of this
ajly ft
tnent
the
tinea t
pnaci
j.-- Sec.
autnCi
ikifies
act, an
tat view'to employ sucn oi
,
the. bat:
several States as may deem
expedieit.;
Secretary of the 'treasury
dvertise this act in ikich oews-
shall foi
pipers
in the several StaU, and by
ii 1
sucb ot
s as snati secure imeoi
publicit
Uie Secretary of War and the
Secretar
Navy thai! rach cause it to
publish(
feral orders for themfoima-
lion ot
.Sec.
assestm
May U
and navy.
2d section of the act lor tne.
Jectioti tf taxts, approved
rebv repealed.
Sec
secretary' of the Treasury is
' hereby
rid U aud required, upon the ap-
pyj lolder of any caU certificate
ha- U. section of tlie act to pro-
ei?i lug and further issue of Trca-
plication
w Hch p
vide for
surynoi
ked-March 23d, 18C3, was
Vcafter deemed to be a bond,
required
to issue "i
r a" bond therefor upon tbe.
terms pr
saidfttct. .
Illtarj Bill.
a ma 4d
' forces to strvc during the
War.
Section
ides that all white men, re-
sidents ot
L-derate Stiites, betwee.i the
ages of 17
shall' be in thr. military
service oi
war.
teJcrate States during the
.- sec. pi
l'8 and 45 J
bat all between the ages of
t a.
service shall be retained
during the!
war in the same organu i-
lions in wh
wItc serving at tlie pas
9 they are regularly dis-
sage of this
charged or j
State, whoj
another -Si.a
red. Companies from one
it into orgauTzations f r. m
they expresf
Were place
fohJirs are
Sec. 8 Prfyvf fat at 'tne expiration of
x monthsS'TOl; le 1st of Aiiil nexr, a
m-rn r: I
si
bounty jot'M
d dollars, in a sx per
4 shall be paid U ea-li
cent, govern
nooCommis:
licer
and private then in
service:
Sec. 4. pr
t n-5 person bhall be re-
Iieved trom
tiou of tl.is act by rea-
sou ot bavin
ability now.
Vcharaed, where no d s-
r.by reasm of having
; but no person who has
furbished a 8
heretof rJ)r
bte I mi account of nli-
gloua opini nt
shall b.f requ
Oiid the r.iq'iireti tax.
Irtnder miliUiy srvi.-.f.
i Sec. 5. ' pr i
Vat all between 17 and
18 years, of. a;
pt ni are-rve corps not
ate in which they re-
to srve out o
side.
: .Sec. 6. fio
it the last named pr
wn regnm-nt. and cotn
i titled to the samj pay
s in the fk-ld.
any ersou of the last
Vend at .the place uf
-tis shaM t-ltc
pany officers,
audailowanc
Seo 7 -prov
uamed failui
rendezvous wi
y nays, as requited by
tlie . President
shall bo made
war.;' .,",
1 Sec, 8 provi
I a Ktilncient reason,
11 the held during the
V 11 tlie duties of provost
aud hosnital a
clerks, and ot clerics .
Guards, agent, fji
Vloy
1'iai
Bui
yees or labour' in
the Commissarit rii.
ment, in the OrltrH'
PartuMmts. and 4 J t
lartermaster Depart-
reaii and Vv De-
Vr duties, sh ill be per-
formed by persnf
of.surgeons, as
reucciared, by aboard
perioral -mi I itaiv ser-
vice in trie peta. j-i,
bxTtes of iroopeyriJt
enrolled under tvl
ident rr.ay detail such
duals required to Ik
section of this act
(between 46 audpfrit
dUchsr.e of suV if
aeventee'u and
bet assigned to such jf
jm'pwere'I to df:'
persons of fcitntil'J'--
ay be needed lor ihe
Persons between
ars ot a 'e shall not
The PreMdeiit is
ans, ntecliatiieg, or
o perform indisnen
saic umirs in
herein moti"ned
rtneuts or bureaux
Sec .9 pirovides Jjft!
quartermaster r'
aaistant qua? ten i.T?
taiit cnuimis8aryn''3t
. with orgjnizition d (J-
iiiiiiissiiry or awis-
han those- Rcrvim
eld,) or officsr. in
.1 1 1 I 1-H
vy agent or pro-
vopt marshal, 'or ol
vice, who shall he;
thc ctii8-rii)t srr.
- . - t - -
iiin or eniDioy any
person .euMect io
uty, as hereiu pr-
vided, shall be casl
h Sec. 10 repeahi
Vg exemption laws,
nd exempts the f
I,-
1
unfit for military
prescribed by Ue
w 1- All who anal
service, under nil
Secretary of Waf.
. 2. The Vice Vi
the Gn federate
Wrsof Q Lv:rea,
tufea, and such
e ofticers as the
f the roprctive
States: tlie mem
of. the"" several 5t a
other Confederate
Jreiden t -or I he
States may cert if
pecesssry tor the
proper admiuistrati
tyoniederale tir
State goveTmhentl,
e my be
bo authorized to
8. Jbyery nuntitte
preach according.
01 nts church,
and who. at the paJ
los act,
tnakisteriafdefies ;
- eji . . "r.--.,w- uewstiai er nefior
-- . ,
tTnecrat' the time of the passage of this
act, ard sucb employ pis a siid editor mv
cr.t fy on ath4o be indispensable to the. pub
lication ofui h newrpaper: thepubfic printer
of the Cdnfederate. and-State governments,
and suchurnepiiat) printerag ihftOiid. pub
lic printer shall certify on oath to le indispen
sable to perform the public printing ; one
skilled apothecary in each apothecary -store.
I lie transferred, provided
r dissent at the time tiiuy
organiz4lion. Individual
uhp amc nrivilnrrn
i lios act, sha I be
j j discharge of 1 j9
II Ji-dcnts ai d ' nlw-
""""laeST dumb, blind Ai.d
who wee ji Wines ssjicbipr4h'':earT -
4. There shall be exempt one person aa
owner or agricultuviston each farm or plan
tation upon which there are now and were, on
the firt day of January last, fifteen able
bodied firld bands lietween the ages of 16 and
!i poo tbe follow in ir condition: 1: This
exemption shall ouly be- grantexlin cases in
. which there is no white male adult on the
farm or pianiaticni not liable to military doty,
' nor unless the person claitning the 'exemptionr
Kds, on the 1st day of Jauirsry, 1864 either
tjie 'owner and manager, overseer, of said,
plantati' "n, but iu jjo cise, ehtdl 1 mtre than one,
person be exempted fpr one- firm or planta
tion. 2. Such per n. shall fist execute a
b mdt payable to the GnfHkrate Sutesof
America, in such lortn and with meh security
and in such penalty as the Secretary of Wur
may prcKribf, conditioned thathe w;lt de-
1 liver 'to the Government at some railn-ad de
jpt, or'suc Ti other place or placea as may be
deMgnatfd by the Secretary t,f ' War. witbii
welve months next ensuing, oho-- hnmlrtsl
pounds 'of bacon, or at theeiction 'of the Gov
ernment, its equivalent in pork, ail oneJrun
'dretl pound? of nett beef, (said beef to le de
li verel on foot.) for each able-bodi!" slave -on
naid f irm or plantation .within the bov faid
ages, whether said slaves are in the field rr
not, which eaiii bacon, or pork and' beef
shall be paid for by the Government' at the
price fixid by the Cpnimissaries of the Stnte
under. the impressment art: Provided, that
when the person thus" exempted sball pn
duce satisfactory evidence that it has Wen im
possible for him, by the exerjise ol proper,
lliigence, to lurmsn ine amount. i mnn uitw
contracted for and leave an adequate supply
: lor tbe 6idsistence of those living on said
farm, the Secretary of War shall direct a
corn m unit ion of the same to the extent of
two-thiids-fliereof in grain or "other provi
, sions, to ha' delivered by such persou- .as
aforesaid at equivalent ratis. 3, Such per
sou shall Itirtliermtjre bind himself to sell
; the maiketal'le surplus of provisions and
grain now on hatd, and which he may raise
Iron rear "to year, while the exemption ron
tinnes. to" the Governnieht or to th families
of soldiers; at prices fixed by the Cotnmi-satios
of the ytate under the impressment act: i'ro-
vided. That any l-eison, exempted aa afore
said, shall be eutitkd b a credit of 25 per
cent on any amount of meat winch he may
deliver within three months from the passage
of this act: l'roiiei lurtlier, that persons
coining withiu the pmvi'siops of thin exemp
tion shall not bo deprived of the benefit theje
of by reason of having been, enrolled since
the 1st day of-February, 1864
Iu addition to the foregoing exemptions, the
Secretary of War-may, under the direction of
the President, exempt or detail 6och otlu.-r
persons as be may be satisfied ought to be ex
empted on account of public, n- ceesity.mud to
iniure the production of grain aud other pro-
visions for tue army and. for the families 01
soldiers. lie may also. grant exemptions or
details, ou sucn terms as he may pr serine, to
such overseers, farmers or planters as. he may
be satisfied will be more useful tu the country
in the pursuits of agriculture than, iu tbe mill
tary .service :. Provided, That euch exemption
shall cease whenever the farmer, plauter or
oversea r shall fail diligently to employ in good
ftith his own skill, capital and labor exclusive y
1 in the production of grain aud other provision
I a- 1 1 .1 . .1.1 r 1 m
10 oe euiu 10 ioc uuveruuieni hij ine inuii?s or
soMiers at such prices not exceeding those fixed
at the time for the articles by the commissaries
of the State under the impressment net.
The 'old law is re enacted relating to rail
roads.
. ov jnotuioe erein- contained smut be con
strued as repealing tie act approved April 14,
18'i3, . exempting: contractors for carrying the
mails of-the Confederate States, and the drivers
of post coaches ' and -hacks, from military
service: rroviaed, I hat alt the exemptions
granted under this ajt shajj only continue while
ine persons so exempted are actually engtged
in their respective pursuits or occupations..
S c. Ii. "That the President be, nnd he is
hereby authorized to grant details, uj.der yen
eral rules and regulations. to be issued from
the War Department, either of persoi s be
tween 4o at.d 50 years of age, or from th
army in tho field, in all cases where, in his
pidgmeut. j istice, tqtnty and nece si ty.. re
quire such details, and he may revoke t-uch
oiders of details whenever he thinks pmpT :
Provided, Th.it the pwer herein granted to
the Prcsnl'ent to mr.ke details and ixemptiofis
shall not be construed to authorize the exemp
tion or detail f any contractor lor turnis'uiug
-upplirs of any Kind to the govern met iqSy
eason wfa1 contr-ct, uiiless.thj he nfor sec
retary of the depaituicnt- inakiTig S'ich con-
ejract sbail certify that tho personal services' of
.'in h ron tractor arc inlisp-nsiMe to the exe
cution of the o-'iitract : Provided futtlier,
That when aiy such Contractor shill Ihil ih!i
getuly and f.iithitilly .to proceed with the exe
cution of ruch C'-utraet, his exemption or detail
s! all cea..
Sec. 12. That in appointing local boards of
i.rg-ons for the ( xainination tt" persoiislial-le
to military service, no m?inber cotnposing the
sanie shall be apMiiitetl from the coun.y ov
enrolling distrSxt in which they-aie required to
make such examination. .
.-""''
. The Jni Bjll. '
At Jet, to Loy Additional Taxes for th Com
. mon Drfencf and Support of the Government
S'C. 1. The Conyttss if the Confederate
. States of Ameiica do enact : That in addition
totlietax'8 levieil tiy tne "act to lay taxes
; for tl a cotnmn uelence and to. carry on, thf
Gbvi-mment of . tlie.Gonfclcrate States." ap
piov..l 21th of April, 1863, there shall Icleviod
from l he. passage of 1 his act, 'n the sulvcct of
taxttion hertslter mentioned, and coriectitl
frwu every inrsoii', co-partnership, asstcitioii
or ctpjrati'ii, liubie therefor, taxes as follows,
. to wit: "
. I Upon the value ol projerty, rear and per
sonal and mixed, o every kind aud dcscrip
lion, not hereirm'ter exetnpitd or taxed at a
4 difh rent rate, live per tent. Prodded, That
; from this tax on tie- valu of prooertv,' ein-
v t I .1.. . 1
pioco iu niuimure, snati oe Uegucted tlie
value of the tax i kind deli vered .therefrom,
as assessed under tbe law imposing if, ai d
d I i vend to the Government Provided., Tii ti
no cmlit shall Ins sllowtd btyood five per
cent ' .
II Oa the value of gold and silver wares
and pi ite, jewels, and watches,' ten ier cent.
III. The valtaorprnpertrtaxed under this
section shall be assessed on tlie-basis of the
maiket value f the same, or similar property
iu the neighborho)! where asM-ased iu the
year 15;, except in css where land, slaves
cotton or tobacco have be. h purchased si nee'
the 1st drf5 ot January; 18t;2, in which case
the said laiTl, sh.vrs, cotton and tobacco so
purchased, shall . I assessed at the prlco-actually-paid
f,.r the s.ime by the owner.
SC. 2. O.. the value of all harfc', br-intel-ests
held 111 any btr.k, Iwinkif.g company or
afcociatuni, eat.st, im-igaUf importing, ex
pwlii.g, iiurame, mauuthctrfring, teleyrai.h
express, railroad and dry d.rl ci mpanhs and
U. therj. it stock cmiiiieRV.f ;.rv L1...I
whether incorporated or m.t, live per cent '
I . of PrtX taxjl under Uh soc-
s.m .ua.n oeasssed upon the basis of the
market w.ue 0f such pr,rty in the neigh
b.,rb. where -smsWiI; i uch Currency aa
may beio general use there, in tbe purchase
ami sale ol such properly, at the time of
assessment.'
f eivs4w SB A KUIU slDtl
Wver oin, gold dast. gold cr silver 'bnOion:
UDm the Anht At ttll Jt
l.v
t An ii nrnffU made bV boviatr and selline
ttAn linnnrs. flour, whoat, corn, rice,
suear. molasses or' syrup, salt, Won, pork,
bog, beer or nee 1 7
fodder, raw hides, leather, horses, mules, butts.
.1... .nt rni. wool, woolen, cotton r
mixed cloths, hatsr wagons, harness, coal, irot ,
steel or nails, at any time tei weeu tne nrsi 1 1
January. 1863, and the first of January, IfrOo,
ten per eeut, hi aaaiiion o -.ji
profits as loeeme under the actto lay txxes
for tbe common defence, and carry on the Go
vernment of Xbe uonreoeratt states, approvi..i
April 24th, 1863.
J JW HII U1.U liwuv mj i"" ewe "r, .
ntoncy, gold, silver foreign exchange, stock, '
d-hta. credits or oblicat ions f any ku.d.
and any merchandise projrty o effects tefat y
kipd, not enuurersio-i m me j-irvnuiuj; .iru-
g-tapll, between tne Mines imuicu lueretn, ie.j
t ceht., in aiKiitton 10 me txoivsucn jTcnis
as income, under the ait aforesai.l.
Ill tin' the , amount of n fits exrcihii
d e e w -
-tweuty-tive per cent,, made during either i f
the years 1865 and loee, ty any naiiK or i;tik
iug company, insurance, canal, navigation im-
porting SOU pm"H, -iioii, rj-iiT,
la . manufscturins. drv dock. ( ot I. cr
joint stock company of any description,wUeilu r
. t A. A.
incorporated or uoi. iweniy-nve per. cent, 1 11
such exctss.
Sec. 6 The following exemptions from tax
ation "under this act bhall be allowed, to wit :
1. Projierty of each head ot a lanuly to ti c
value of five hundred dollars; andrf.r cjmIi
minor child of tlse family to the fnrthrr
valuo of ore hundred of dollars; and for each
sou actually engaged in tho army ir 'v.r, ot
who has dictt or been killed 111 ti.e military or
naval service, and who was inerrtberof the
f.tniily when he ntered tlvj fer vice, 'to. ti c
turtlier vdue of five hundrel ihllars.
II. Property of the widow of' any efiicer,
roldier, sailor or marine, who may have died
or Wen killed in the military or nival service,,
or where there. is no widow, then of tho land
Ij , leing minor children, to tbe"value of one
thousand dollars.
III. Property of every ofiier soldier. sdl .r
a v -
or tnaiine, actually engaged in the military or
ravai service, or 01 iucn as nave i:eeti ii..at eo
in such service, to the value ol ou l h-t'.iM'.i i
dollars, provided that, the alve exefiiption-?-shall
not p p'y to any pe.sou, whoepr. ur
ty, t-Xc'rtisive of household furuature. M.jii l"i
i.8crssed at a value exceeding one thom;ilid
lrilnrs.
IV. That where property has leen ijureil
or destroyei by the enemy, or thoovrner there
of has been te:uorari'y deprived of ti e Use or
'occupancy thereof, or i f the means efcultii
tiug tbe same, T)y reast)ti i.f tl.e.j teet.ce or
proximity of tl.e enemy ,tlj assessment on su iv
property may be reduced, in proportion to tlf
damage sustained by the owner, or the t:.t
.i.isessed thereon may be reduced iu the rv.tiie
ratio by the district col lecher, on satil'aetly 1
evidence subiritted to him by the owner or
ussessor.
. Sec.jB. Tltat the faxes on propf ity laid for
the year shad m assessed as on the dr.y
of the passage of this a t, and be du an 1
coihc'ei on the first day of June next, or js
soon alier a.s practical). e. n!lowierg no cxtei st
of ninety diys west if the Mi:iipj.i river.
TtT additional taxs o'i : c ifs or profits f . r
the -year 12S3, levied by. t l is act. shall Ki
itssesaed ainl Collected f-rthwith; and tl el.ix- a
on incomes orprufits fort he year 18C4-. s!ii!l
W a-ssed"arid collet ted according t the
prov;.sw)s uf the tax and usscsincut nets uf
1S63 ' ' !
Soc. 7. So much of ti e tax ncf of the 2Uh
day of April, 13t3, sis levies a ta on inc. in- a
derived trom pnqerty or effects on the amontu
or valhe of which a tax is levied by this ;i't,
and also the fir.-t s'clion of s.nd act, nre i-tis-K-ndel
for the yeir 1804, and no eslunaic l
rent, hire, r-r ii terest on pr perty or credit
herein taxed ad vuiornn, shall be asst-sse I or
taxed as incomes, under the tax aet of IH-.V
Sec, 8. That tin tax imposed by this -.it n
hoods of the Confederate Sutes hcret fotn
issue!, shall to tm ease 1 xcis'd the inftrt st -n
tin satrie, ami such bonds when held by or f r
miiio;s or lunatics, shall be exempt fiom de
tax in all eases wheiethe in tsreyt ou tbe s:uto
sha.ll nut exceed one thoiis uid dollars.
f
From MiHsiisirri. The MisisMppi yi iys
ihe iaU-st arid tnot.t tnitw-.rlliv a.lvico. wi
Inye place the enemy at Moriiljrwi. Mo-id.iy
I'oienooii Lee et tend the place with a portion
of Uis cavalry and destroyed everythieii; wo
could not entry tf tkt would le any si rvi.'o
to the enemy. A cay airy ti;:iit t k place in
to'wn, re-nltiiiZ in the eneni) s defeat.
Ltlrove tlieirfb.uk to tSe infantry fuj
port,tiiil that evening M( ridian wa given t
litem, cleared of all the government pro!erty,
as wed as railroad cars and locomotives. Le,
was comjK-lied h urn some of the rowing
stock that could not be got away.
- A rumor is atari current that tho Yat k
cavalry had reached Cuba Station, twenty
mile eait of Meridian.
The geueraf opinion among well informed
persons from the vicinity of the Yankees, seems
to be that their purpose is to cont'nu th ir
march centrally towards Selma, where they ex
pect to meet anothor column, rmd thence mtfvo
forward to the rear of (len. Johnt )n.
A dispatch 'from Enterprise dated Feb. 16
reports no movements of the Federels iu that
direction.
. . e
"lBT" A . a m Am . - .
1 oi ternnraif or Mock -The tinder-
1J aigneil he lost the fHomireCcrtiricite, .
UU lor $500, iurd to T. N. Cooper, KaU iKS.
dated July 29 tb IsM. and as'jrn'-l oer to ?am'l
Martin. l-'verypet wu is fwt biddeir to purvhaoe
tho same, a application will bx oilcfor irg rmew.
al. xiM'l. utiiTiv
4-lvr
S:'t.., N. (7.
Nnllcr. The subr rltrr bavlrg l 1M.
rua. j term ISit, ut U'ke C. C, b -1 n dulv
appointed and qualified aa trimini'tratur of Sau u' 1
D. Morgan, tuceiK-d, herebv given i.otico to !1
persons to nreaent their accounts, jd. ht. claims
and demand or every kind ajrainrt hi said int.
tate, to him for payment, dui y uthent ic ai-l within
tho time i-resetibed bv law," otherwise this noti.-e
will bp ph-ad In bar of their r eoverv.
Notice hi aim given, that as AdminUtratr r af.o e.
aid, he will on tbe 9th dajeof March n-t, at the
it xm "i,iUn h"nM' "'f hi.aeid lotestat. Sati n-1
U. Moriran, deceased, en tbe coWnlv ..f Wake, 11 r
b.r sale, hot-sea, mules, cattle, Imp., shi ep. fei tn n '
accnMlr ; a large quantity of anai.uf actio-, d t aeer,
1 ij cif? . '"baccu, cotton in bales, hyue
hold anl kitchen furnirnre, and oiherSf, tides, on
a crevlit of twelve uuntha 5 boad - with approved
ssretiea wiU bo required of the purchaara Said
sale wi.J be continued I rom da v to da until all i
ld. At the fanetime and place, 1 shall oiler for
hire a lateo r.nmhrr f r.i. .1 . .... . r
tfulal. . nntil tk. J-J r r. . . 1 '.'
. r T : m i'r.ein net in-x l : I
wuh approved ureta-t uill be required ol
LiwK ',. ,,LL,AM VSf A
t.d
tho
r.
m. vi u-i; IUr ATTft. A
, 11 j 1 . w
w.
A .ki if hoi'1 ttIl.r,tompetent to teach u.u,.e
en the Piano and the English Branch. , to take
charge of ,,n ,chol ia a family near Kawttc
ville. AdlrrM. , - - HOX '2i
Jan lg.t ; . Faa ettevilU, X.'eJ.
STATK OF KOKTII CAROLINA, 1
. Waskkx C'ousrr, - j
C O.V R T O F E (j V I TY
John Barrifon Hawk inn, an infant under tho
Sga of twenty -one years, by James A. L&rerton, hi
euardian and next friend, C'barlee M. Cook an i
Jbn &. Miller, eaecutora or the'last will and tea
tamnt of Winifred W 4 Hawkins, deceaacd, an l
Jane B. Miller,
Agaivitt
Benjamin E. Ck,xecator of John II. nawkln,
leceese John II. Fleming, Jane W eiker, (f.r-
" . ing n. awiaaoaJl, or the Jtat-e or
Teanenee, aaay U. Kimball, of tbe aaid State of
Tennessee, sad Nancy Fewer of the State or Jiia-uaippi.
v 3 - a"---