198 Peachtree Street. - ATLANTA, GEORGIA
Popular Poems.
HER TRIUMPH OVER TIME.
She isn’t as young as she used to be,
But her laughter was never lighter;
Her hair is blanching, as you may see,
But the pleasures of youth delight
her;
She has kept the heart of a girl—she
wears
A look that frightens away the cares
Which like to come plaguing us una
wares,
She is helping the world grow
brighter.
What does it matter about her years
Since the graces of youth attend her?
She adds to our glee and lessens our
tears —
What a service that is to render!
She smiles and trouble at once de
parts,
She gives new courage to doubting
hearts;
Ah, hers is the highest of all the arts
That add to the world’s gay splen
dor.
How cheated are they who think or say
That years are the only measure!
She never has foolishly put away
The youth she was born to treasure,
Her hair is blanching, but in her eyes
The glory of hope serenely lies;
She sees no skies but the bluest skies,
Her world is a world of pleasure.
—Chicago Record-Heralu.
*
NATHAN BEDFORD FORREST.
And the wondering ranks of the foe
were like clay,
To these men of flint in the molten
day;
And the hell-hounds of war howled afar
for their prey,
When the arm of a Forrest led.
For devil or angel, life stirred when he
spoke,
And the current of courage, if slum
bering, woke
At the yell of the leader, for never
was broke
The record, men wondering read.
Swing, rustless blade, in the dauntless
hand;
Ride, soul of a god, through the death
less band,
Through the low green mounds or the
breadth of the land,
Wherever your legions dwell!
Swing, rebel blade, through the halls
of fame,
Where courage and justice have left
your name;
By the torches of glory your deeds shall
flame
With the reckoning of time!
—Virginia Frazer Boyle.
*
\ PEACE.
OnV meads by whilom battle seamed
\and scarred
The v blows;
As though\across a page Hate’s hand
had ma.rfed
Love laid a ro&tn
—Leigh (Gordon Giltner.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
Dr. W. M. Pitts’ Antiseptic Invigorator
THE GREATEST FAMILY MEDICINE
Dr. W. M. Pitts, who, as the originator of Pitts’ Carminative, has been a benefactor to tired mothers
and suffering babes, after a successful practice of Fifty Years, now offers to the public his Greatest-
Combination of Medicines in PITTS’ ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is a great scientific medicine.
Although new to the people, it is a great combination of health-giving medicines, and cures when all
else fails. It purifies the blood, stimulates the action of the liver, bowels, and kidneys, thereby remov
ing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from the whole system, to aid nature in her work of restoring
perfect health. It tones up the stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing in the cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. The nervous system is restored to its normal condition, and many of the
most serious ailments —such as sleeplessness, heart trouble and the like —yield to the healing virtues of
the Invigorator. In fact, it acts on every organ of the body, thereby curing nearly all the different dis
eases of this age. Every drop of blood is affected and purified by its use. The blood is the life, there
fore if you get the blood pure, all parts of the entire system will be brought under its powerful healing
influences. Antiseptic Invigoratoris rightly named, and it is one of the greatest germ killers and invigorat
ing tonics now on the market.
For sale and GUARANTEED by all Druggists. Price 50c and SI.OO per bottle. If your Druggist don’t
keep it and will not get it for you we will send it, express prepaid, on receipt of price.
PITTS’ ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR CO., THOMSON, GA
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
ATLANTA, GA.
Editors Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send yonr paper to the following names and addresses as indicated:
NAMES POST OFFICE STATE R. F. D. TIME j AMOUNT
Total Amount of Subscriptions Dollars
Name of Agent
Post Office
Route State
Kindly Address Your Leiters to the Paper, Not to Individuals. This Will Insure You Prompt Service.
Write Name and Address Plainly.
Brother Jeffersonian, Get up a Club and send it in at once.
CHARTIER SHORTHAND
makes HIGH CLASS stenographer in < to 12 WEEKS. Why spend 6
to 12 months on out-of-date systems?
Our pupils learn to KEEP BOOKS exactly as they are kept in
business.
FOUR MONTHS, S2OO saved on a combined course.
DORMITORIES furnish wholesome discipline and BOARD at
ACTUAL COST.
A POSITION is secured for every graduate.
WRITE TODAY for new and attractive catalog.
15