I
"WEDNESDAY. MARCH 15, tS(5.
The Captnrrd North Carolina Papers.
WAfHixGTOX, Feb. 27:b Nearly all f
the exchanges fourd in ths WrPmmgt. n
(North Carolina) Journal .ftce on th-r day of
iU capture, Lave ! n received here.
The tone . f the North, Carolina rarcis.
ucl. as the FaveUeviile TtlcgrapKxUzU 1 Jgh
Pi ogress, aud e tiers, fchow a determined
soirit cf resistance to Jjff. DaY.. The 'ro
;,m is wurspoken iu its hcsti-ity, and 11 1
cules most bitteilv Governor Vane 's proc'a
mation to the people to defend the Sute. It
i uarg'8 lhat a number cf eaMy Srceeri m-i-i
across the Chow a-! river f re racking pre
parations to receive our troops and pet wit! n
our lines to save th.r: selves from Rtcl moMi
taxation. "
'Y ft Progress speaks in tl c rto-t cornpii
nv t tary term of !Sh man's grand advance,
applnti his -u!e at Savannah, and states
that honorable? tc :m of pace wc:c cff:t-d
by Pr stfe'nt L'tco'n to the rele! 0tniiis-t-'Vners.
On the whole, a'l of the.e" xch.y-zes
khu'.v a strong peace sentiment in that Sfat
It will be seen, from tbe forrg ia2. whit
iroprersiin has been made upon our -Yankee
cn-mies, at Washington city, by an artie'e
which lately appeared in the Progress, r.f
this city. We have leng since ca?ed to rrue
v vh the 1 'rojrts s, ayl the kindred snoot-.
arl tbe public well know why. Nor d )
new mean to resume a left cfl task. But, as
r"iblic journalist, keeping the people in
formed ot the v.txes, we ive, as an item of
inf.rrastion, the above evidet c of the Yan
kee e.-timation in which a North Carolina
RaViiih journal is held. Our soldierp, a d
our people, will thus see tint in Washir gton
City, the Yar.kc3 press publisei, with tx 1-tati'-n,
tbe fact : That ih l'ProgrfSs is ovd
spoken in its hostility to JcT Davis that
"it ridicules most bitterly, Gov. Vance's pra
cl'vr. Ji'ion to the people to defend ihe Slit- :
tl at it conveys the gratifying inf rm&tion,
that ' a number of weal by secessionist?,
acr r-s xh'i Chowan river, arc making prepara
tions to receive uur (Yankee) troops, and git
within our lines to sava themselves froii
Richmond taxation ;'; and finally, th.it "the
Prcgress sjeaks in ihe most complimenla y
ietmi of Shermans yra,id advance ; ap
plauds his rule at Savannafi, and states that
honorable terms of peace were offered by P tsi
dent Lincoln io ihe rebel commissioners."
We have rnly oce wcid or two to sr.y
tipon lira last quotaticu: The 4i grand ad- -ranee
" of Sherman, -which ia thus spoken of
'in the rncsl complimentary terms,1' is dcs. .
scribed by Lieut. Gen. Wade Hampton as one
of rapine, devastation, roblcry and murder, in
which a city was fired into withcul a word
of warnii g, and then after its surrender, laid
in ash s, lcavirfg amid its ru:n3 thousandsof
o!d men and helpless women and chi'd'en'
An advance in which " dwellings were fired
and citizen? robbed, and others, fair and beau
tiful women, unprotected and defenceless, n re
nbj cte l to that mrt horrid ignominy, which
death only can alleviate. " Such ignominy
a a dog never perpetrates upon his fellow.
Gnr?l Hampton says aJd reding Sherman
" y-'i:r.li. e of march can be traced by the
lurid licht of burning houses ; and in mro
than one household there is an agony far rrore
fitter than th?t of death.
The Pi ogress, in its hsue t f the 8".h, pub
lishrs the correspondence cf.Gcn. Hampton
with Sherman, wherein General Ibmpt n
mak s the above charges, as of hit; nv n
kncwl-dge, and it fay?, "it is bruial ami
cowardly to punish prisorjesof war, and if
these Itco gentleman go to work celiberate'y
to murder prisoners thus unfortunately situa
ted, it will be a disgrace to our civilization."
These two gentlemen !! I It is tree th - Pro
gress goes oa to say :
"If bherman has been guilty or so great an
cutrage" upon the rights of non conabtiiai.ts
snd so disgraced the eallirg cf Dim, let him
and his government be held up to the senrn
and execration of the world; and if, on ihe
other hand, it was destroyed by straggler
from our srmy, by fanatical citizens cr other,
let the truth te known. We know rothing,
p.eitiv.!y, of .he burning c f Columbia, but
hope the whole truth will be given to the pubr
lie at an early day.
There was much property burned in New
bern, Wilmington and Chi.rieston,but we be
lieve that it is' admitted that in all these places
it was done by oraer of our military authentic,
or by citizens. If Columbia be burned, it wad
doubtles done, however, by tht enemy.
Tbe Progress seems to be lothe to believe
that Sherman would be ' guilty of so great
an outrage' on his grand advance. It j-ays
perhaps it may be that " it was destroyed by
Btragglers from our army, by fanatical ci izens
or others."
General Hampton says to Sherman, in
tone of solemn accusation, which bears the
impress of truth, sufficient to convince even
the Yankee nation " Tou fired into the city
of Columbia without a word of warning.
After iU surrender by the Mayor, who demand
ed protection of private property, you laid the
whole ci y in ashes, leaving amid its ruins
thousands of old men and helpless women and
children, who are likely to perish of starvation
and exposure." Upon this accusative testi
mony, so high, so pure, KX.have no such Ami-
fiiinj judgment as to Deed further conviction.
It is in accordance with the brutal instincts
which Sherman has everywhere shown.
'Before this, he bad exiled hundreds of help
leas females, and banished out of their homes
an entire community.
We set out with the announcement that we
neither intended to argue with the Progress,
nor ca'l in question Its pinioo. The day has
passed by, when we were in the habit of doing
this. But, now that the day of our trial is
at hand ; now that, as the New York Tri
bune says, " the Federal army ia about to eel
the loyal Union sentiment of North Carolina,'
.we give for news the estimate they put upon
our moft distinguished citizens, ia order that
our soldiert, and oar people may Bee. how to
view t by the light of the Yankee " lnitre'
Sherman in South Carolina.
From the Daily South Carolinian.
THE OCCUPATION AXU pnsTUUCTlON F CO
LUMBIA ACCOUNT BY AN EtE WITNESS
1STF.UEST1XG INCIDENT?, &C., &C. .
The arrival of a gentleman from Uoxtimb:?,
attached to this flic?, and tbe inv.-re.-tfng
f.ctsof Which he is the bearer, enabVd ns to
c mplete in this issue the Bad story ot the
fate of that f-ir city, th first chapter of which
appeared in cur par?rof Sunday.
- As Ivf ,re stated. t'leHerarture of our fores
from Columbia tock p!fte cn Friday morntug,
Cue 10 h February. The noisy exci'.eme.it
which had marked the preceeding Miree d?yf
n' w gae vay to those 'ceper CDTot:o. s vhi-;h
fcuud xpr8ioo only iu the heavy hearty and.
anxious face of the peopl. Of the ta'e in
store for them, all were alike ignarant; fer
I -were net fearful. Whether Shorman would
I fnriv rnl tia trironta tr "l"knrn '.h TPrT Stones"
o! the obLOsious St up. qt, cn the contrary,
pursue a ni;id and tc r.ent course, wered.'ubts
whicfi we;e et t., ?n!v d The ci'-z n
had r bt lcir; to writ. Tf e rjar of rur army
I avir g pa-sp4" through between tea ar.d e'even
ocl- ck. a v. Viite ilag displayed soon --Iter from
tl e ft. pie of the City II 1.11, anncuncrd the
! siii-vrdJr t the town. Aoout twelve in
' T.Veral en'e-ed. They had pontoorel tie
river above r orp ie Cotton Town, and with
1 ft
bands plavfg, crum corps pealing, nyir.g,
Ld their men in tfp, th army marched
down Main" street to the Cap'tl fquare.
Here the. celebrated ' Star Spangled Banner"
was once more amid much vocal patriotism,
' plac-d on exhibition from the roof, ot both
! the old a'd new S'ate Houses. Fur the pur
p.iso of enhancing the theatrical efte.;t of ihe
.scene, cr "addirg insult to injury," or ( f.
gratify niS' tn? other curious fancy, the ocre
rnony of rai.vir.r' the 11 is wss, we are assured,
! performed by two ceorre. The honor t
j first eiiteri;: the city was claimed by tlx 14th
i corps. A singular feature of the military
prnce?fion, and one c f which we have h' ard
! no xplanation, was the driving of a carriage
! p'o r.sely o,o'f.nifcd with Ncrthern fl'gg, ui
, fn nt ot the cvlumn.
i - THE PILLAGE.
!
j Ger.oral gd order a' d quiet a' tended tht?
i enti v, b it tle troops were halted for several
i hours in Mnin stie'jt, stores and dwelling soon
oj-ct of much attention, and tnu
j work nf pluu ler commenced. From ihus tiror,
nntil the last .Yankee ieit t wn, persons tor
property were eafe from the unptlite intru-
sio'iri-npjn th?ir welfsra. S?trazjiiers, " bum
mer?,'' pontoon men, and the riffraff of the
army were to be met in every street and
aluJLt every h-ju.se. If they wanted a pair -of
boot . they touk ilum Irom your feet.
Watches were in constant demand in several
ihstanc 's being hnatched from the persons of
the bet Udies in tie city. Gentlemen on
thestitet quickly leraed to appreciate the
old phrase "tin pus fugil " Our cashier, the
we 1 known No, a y I'u; lie. P. S. Jaeirs, Esq.,
was one of t ;e pu ils. He 'ss. id to hae
received -two !esns; pric a watch each.
E- r aud fingi r rings were taken by frca, and,
iu isolated cases, the dresses f ladies wr
torn from their bodies by vill an, who ex
pected to find jewels or plate concealed..
j S-.-arch for filvcr ar.d provisions was made i;i
evtry couteivatl.: p'a e. RamroIs were used
as probes to indicate vhire boxes were bunul,
and gardens, outLeusf s. cellars, garrets, chim
neys, snd nooks never tln-tiht cf by any b dy
but a thief in search rf plunder, were turn-d
so to speak inside out. Iu one instance, it i3
reported that a box of valuables worth. brga
nmount wa found under a d 'or step. We
learn that the estimate of this character f
property stolen, is about two millions of dol
lars. Many of the robbers who perpetrated
perioral violence were int xiciUd by liquor
fund in tbe city. Kev. Mr. Shand, the Epis
copalian clergyman, while conveying a Ttrur.k
cn ai dug the communion service of silver
from the church to the South Carolina Coliege,
was accofcted by a Yankee and a negro, wi o
com eel Led him. under a thrs.tt of d ath, to
1
I givo it up, whuh was done. While oce of
1 t lie ctij s. was afterwards l eiug use 1 fA r drink
! ing whiskey, a Federal soldier au Irishman
j recognized the sign ot tb.3 Cross upon ir, took
! it from thd ftl'ow, and cairied it io Rv. Dr.
O'Ccnneil, the Catholic ch ryyman, by wh( m
it was restorelo ti e owaer. This discrip
tioa of pillage continued until the troops lclt.
THE CONFLAGRATION.
In the afternoon, the column which 1 ad
occupied Main s'rest, moved into quarters in
the various public grounds and vacant lots.
No fires cc urred on Thu slay, save fcuch as
were ignited by our own oficiils. The first
alarm on Friday was given so n af cr the en
try of the enemy, and proceeded from tlu
burning of iow of cotton on Main street, be
tween Washmg.ou and Lady streets. In fi - '
teen or twenty minutes atterwavJs, the jail
which hid le n used as a Confederate prison
was set on fire. The bells rang, the engines
promptly rallied, and proceeded as" usual to
their work, which was uninterrupted, exe3. t
by drunkrn so'di3rs, who hers and there cnt
th3 hose with their p cket knives; but all ef
torts to s'ay thi rl imes were unavailing.
Among the .prteooer released were Morris
who murdered Hicks, several men confined
ou the'eharge of counterfeiting, and. it is said,
a Federal prisoner. Why be was n t removed
with his comrades, does not appear. It is
reported that he snbstquently married a lady
in Columbia. 5
The grand conflagration which destroyed tbe
city commenced about du?k. The fire started
near the rear of the jail. A high wind prevail
ed, and in a short time the flames were in full
and unconquerable progress, spreading rapidly
in three directions up and f own Main street
and eastwardly. The fire department again
rallied, and from ten until three o'clock in the
morning the scene is described as appalling
The sky was one broad sheet of flame, above
V.'hicb, amid the lurid smoke, drifted in eddyic g
circles a myriad of parks. These falling scat
tered the seed9 of conflagration on every side.
The monotone of the roaring, heaping tongues
of flame, as they careered on their wild course,
alone, filled hearts with dismay. The air was
like that of a furnace.- Many of the streets
were impassable. Frightened men, women axd
children ran in all directions,. some only to flee
again from the fresh attacks of the destroying
element. Property thrown out of houses was
either burnt or steltn. Many of the Federal
soldiers maddened by liquor, dashed through
the city with lighted torches to enflame the
dwellings yet untouched. Hell's furies ap
peared.to have broken loose, and to be indulg
ing in a diabolic revel.
Morning revealed to some extent the broad
sweep of destruction four thousand or mor
citizens were houseless and homeless. From
the State House to Cotton Town, and an aver
age cf two or three squares on each side of
Main street, nothing but blackened ruins re
mained. Every vestige of the once busy street
was gone.
The burnt district ia general terms 'embra
ces both sides of Main street, from, and in
eluding the State House, to Boundary street,
and a portion of Cotton town. The new
capitol is pariially demolished by powder.
The Court Uous , City Halt, both hotels, J
South Carolina a: 6 Cbrf :S depots; beh of '
E vciis 'it Cogswells lithx?rpaic ao": printing1 ,
rsn librae n S, XeHtf.nge & Bali's, tc Saluda
Mi I, the CouVent and Sjmb Carolina office
are t.mo3g the buildings sa'd to be destroyed,
i he rtldencri cfHoD. Uvr. A. Trenuohn.
H -t), Wm. DeSaossur?, G-?a. .Drrnpttm. ard
M---.i f fiteen. 'ommAnaunt of Post, aro de-r-jfibod
ns. btiT -.t. Those kr-uwii t j have
escaped the cc iiagration aretheSoMtV Caro
lina Coikg. Lunutic Asylum and Fcmalo
CV liege.. One of the Episcopal Churches is
also thought to be nnhirmed. Tiie buildings
v. rf ct n fi e in detail. Th? !at fire to- k
plaej wi'h several others on Saturday. No
pr rninent resie.iccs we e burced on Arsenel
liili.
INCIDENTS, &C.
The Sisters of Mrcy were' removed fro.n
ti.e Conent io the icsidcn?e of Gen. Presto'u
during the coi,fl.igraiiou,' by order of Gen.
Sherman, w' o is reported t have bten
burned out' no I es than thre.' times during
the nglit. ' If tiue, he certainly outht tube
a purified m n.
While the firs was rag'ni mxry of tl e oi'.i
Z'ns took refng' in Sidney Park; seme in the
woods of lh fcubuibs; but the r.ext day the
houses of thesa who had been spared were
generally th own epen, and the suffer; Ts invited
to p r fike ;tuch h si'a'ity as circumstances
woull pertni'. '
Several Yankees who were too mch intoxi
cated to escape from the flames were burr eiJ
to death. 0 e d thee was f- und in the of
iicb of the l,Sjuth CaoliLlian,, by our fore
naa. Twenty -st vea Yankees weie instantly k ll
ed :;nd about twenty m.;re dangerously
wounded on Siturd.iy vvl.iio moving amuni
tiou-from the Arenal magazine, and - event,
whi.h wit . others that l ad occurred, t'; row
a ;loom over the entire army. Cne of their
ofli -ers told our inf rnaU that they had lost
tiioremeuin Coiun-ibia ihau during tho entire
camiviign els-iwhere.
Daring the ttiy of tbe enrmy in CoUim
bi;, li ere w s litt le communion between them
and the citizens. About 400 of th? latter,
mostly f-reiners, are understood to have de
parted w itli thorn. T e army left on Sunday
evening, qtiieily at:d -with-.-nt 'demonstrath-n
of any kind, and with s-ueh secrecy that the
i-oldiers tl e nsrelves did n-jt know tntir dtfcti
i a:i. n.
A "fev. stragglers remained 1 ehind, who
were captured bv the citizens. Gen: Shermau
lelt witii the ciliz ns between four and hc
hundre-d beef (attle for their support.
After the fvacuation by tho Fe leral army,
James G. Gibbes w-is ncpustcd to act as the
M.iyor, in tho place of Hon. A. G. Geodwyn,"
wlio was prostrated by illness That gentle
man wi-s perform ng the dudes ol the office
at the last account. Many of the people are
repier-ented to be in destitute circumstances ;
hut the citizeis of Greenville i-nd Newberry
are on lerstood to b? moving promptly to ihe:r
relief. "
DEPBEDATI''NS ON THE LINE OF MARCH.
The Char.'o-te I): mod at contains the fol
lowing accouutr
In r-gird to the destruction of property
throogh the country along the enemy's line of
ma cb, we are told that I'll cott n, gin ho'iscs
and mills were burnt, also dwellings un- c
enpiod. Where he owner of a house had
l-;it a .d pur some one in povs'S'ion to tj'kc
care of it, the enemy would remove the occu
pant a; el burn it Horses, nu'esaud pnvis-
i ns cf all kinds were seia-jd wlurevcr found.
But few nf roes we e forced otf--some went
vt luutauly. It is said tho yankees generally
treiiteei the negroes very- badly, . i mpelling
them to carry heavy burdens on the march,
and when thy broke down beat or shoot
them. A oenilemau wh lematned in uins-
boro while the e emy was there, faj s that
they treated the negroes a great deal worse
th n the w hi!c peop'e.
The army, in 'marching through the coun
try, did rot kiep tl c roads unless they r n
straight In the direction they wished -to go.
For who e days tl e maron was tan ugh the
wo-ds. Companies d foragrrs were" sent out
in sill directions to procure tup'os. The
army consisted of fo .r corj s the 15th, 17th,
20ih jsl d 24'. b, besides Kilpatrick's cavalry.
The lations of the soldiers appeared to be short,
and those who were held as prisoners suffered
for f od our informant going 4 or 6 days
without anything to eat.
Oar informant, Dr. Glovr, was held aa a
pris nor until theyar kee army Teached Ly neb's
Coeek (between Camden and Cheraw) in or
nti.r C H'Merfidd District when he was released
by Geti. Blair, c mmander of the 17th corps.
From tbe dirtc iu the army was then march
ing, !i3 thinks they were m ikiug for George
town. The talk among the toldiers was tl at
the were going t Georgetown, but thr-re was
no certainty ab ut their destination.
The yaukee caaliy remained a few days
iD Lancaster District, foraging and plunder
ing, and were met two or three times by our
cavalry and scat'ere 1. On Sunday morning,
tli3 20d), Gen. Wheelgr met -a small body of
the enemy's cavalry three miles this- side of
Lai easier C. H.. and whipped tLem, killing 5
and capturing?. Th" yankee infantry passed
about six mihs below Lancaster C H. none
came neorr th in tint to the village
THE YANKEES AT WlNNSBoRO', S. C.
Believing that a short sketch from Winns-
boro', S. C, in reference to the invasion of
that section of South Carolina, by the yankee
army, will net be uninteresting to your many
readers, Mr. Editor, I herewith encl se j?ou
the account. . .
On Tuesday miming; Feb. 20, 1865, we
were aroused from our istakfaj-t table by the
cry of "the yankecs are coming I" Every
thing and everybody vre then in utter con
tusion each tremblrog for-the safety-of him
self and family. We' could see them riding
through the street, and was, even at that ea'lv
h )urtf the morning, congratulating onrself
that all will be w 11 when we h aid the foot
8'eps of half a dozen men plunging through
our house. Without knocking, or showing
the, least civility, the vandals went al! through
our premises, (as they did with every one in
the District,) ransackiug everything, and
1 oking into every nook anel corner of the house,
breaking open trunks, looking into private
drawers, and overhauling. and tearing up the
private apers of every one.
The enemy commt-nced burning, in our
town, e n TuesJay d'nnrr time, and continual
ly, from that time until We Inesday afterno b,
(ihe time they leftour Borough,) we could
see the smoke of burning houses, and the
springing up of new fires. In all, there have
been fr m 18 to 20 he'uses. stores and private
dwelling?, burned. The enemy paid no re
spect to private property, but burned the
houses when they were occupied by helpless
women and children. They took off every
thing in the District stealing from the citi
zens necessaries of life, aud reducing every
one almost to a starving condition.
The people in Fairfield District are now
depe cent upon the chart ies of the citizf ns of
their sisier Stite, whe. e the vile tread of a
hated foe has not polluted its soil.
Leaving Winnsborc, the er.cmy marched
ruoegthe iina of the C. & S. C. Railroad -Th3
lOkd is utterly dtmolidhed iroul the Bo
rough to'Bhukpcocks, f;iin wbtnee thee? emy
wr nt it the dhfetion of C -,;r den. S C. Tl eir
li.ie can be easily -'distinguished by the srr.ok
ing ruins i ft in th'ir track. Ail r loi g the
road yu fee not! ing but desolation and
fi.iu.
I may fee enabled. Mr , Edior, to five yen
mnr fnU rartu-ulais for vcur next is.ue. as it
is net well, at the present timet to give pub
licity t:. statements that I cannot vouchfor.
Your Besfectfullv,
J. E. BlUTTON,
Editor Daily News, Winn sharp, S C.
. .... .
For tbe Cfe4orat.
Second North Carolina CtTalrj.
xCami 2d .N. C. Cavalry,
March 7th 1865.
At a mteti g cf th efficersof the Second
North Carolina Cavalry, to pss n polutions
cmdemtatory ol the course f Major J. V..
13. U"gers, Caplain J. S. Gaines was called to
the c'isir, and Aelj't E. M Jordan requ's'ed
to act asseeretary. A c mmit'e-? having brea
appointed to draft resolutions, the following
were presented and unanimously adcptd:
Wheueac, The desertion of J. V. B. Bgfsrs,
late major ot this ltegimcni, is calenlate.fi to
call forth reflections upon the fair name ef
of North Carolina, and to cast a ti?ma upon
the loyalty and patriotism of her sors, and in
especial to the Second Cavalry ; and whereas,
ju-tic t oursei ves and our Stat demands that
we should express uuro inionor his dastardly
conduct. Therefore
Resolved; That J. V. B. Kgrs was a dis
grace to tie position he held, and an i a dis
honor to the corr.nvssion he b ire ; that we are
heartily ashamed vhat th Sec nd North Car
olina Cavalry has had written upon its mas
ter rolls tbe name of a man so recreant t ) f v-ry-thing
that is 1 onorab!y and inanly.
Resolved, That tbe wr'tch who thns'descrts
hi? flag in the lour of his 'country's perd, and
lakes refuge with the nmy and counsels - him
" to pnsh on one month v to Fubja-gs. e his
mother land, carries with him tbe contemptu
ous scorn and curstr of his old c 'mrades, and
deserves to live au e;bjoct tf execration, aLd
abhorence to mankind and deserves to live in
ignominy and die in want und despair.
Resolced, That the " deep damnation of i is
taking off" is u happy riddance to the K gi
meut, the State and the -Confederacy.
Resolved, Thnt, while we feel deeply humilia
ted that tuch'a man should have been honored
with a high positiuu among us, we wish to aa
sufe our friends at home that we are n'ot r.or
ever will b?, difccouraged by the conduct of
such miscreants ; i Ji.it we aie a-i firm and de
termined as ever to fight the war to the. bitter
end, and to stiud by our infant republic, aud.
foilow its fortunes for weal or woe.
Resolved, Taut in the heat of our indignati n,
we cannot refold u from, coupling by contrast the
two field officvrs we lately had and lately lost
llogers the traitor and deserter, and Col.
W. 1. Roberis, who has just received bis com
mission as Brigadier General, for gallantry and
meritorious services. That we take this acca- .
sion to express our high adndraioa for our late
Colonel as an officer, and our affection and es
teem for hisu, as a man ; that' we anticipate
forhim.a brilliant career in his new Fpherc of
du:y ; and while v e regret his loss to the Sec
ond, we are consoled with the confident belief
that his promotion will advance the cause we
all have so much at heart: that he leaves us
with our best withes and highest hopes for his
continued success.
Resolved, That a copy of these "resolutions
be sent to the Raleigh Confederate, with the re
quest tnat the Itakigh Conservative and Char
lotte Democrat copy.
The following is the bill rt.ee dly passed by
the Confederate Congress to increase the mili
tary forces of the Confederate States, by the
enlistment of negroes :
." The Congress of the Confede ate States of
America, do enact, rihat in order to provide
additional forces to" repel invasion, maiutai a
the lightfal posstssio:i of the Confederate
States, secure th? independence and prosive
their institutions, the President is hereby
authorized to ask for and accept from the
owners of slaves tho services- of such numter
of ablebodi d negro men as he may deem
expedient, for and during the war, to p r 'orm
military service in whatever capacity he may
direct.
"Section 2, -That the General ir.-Cheif be
authorized to rganizo the said -slaves - into
cm panics, batt i lions, reglmeuta ar.el brigades,
ur.d.r such rules and regulations -is tlie Sec
retary of War may prescribe, and to be com
manded by such cffi:era as the Pre.-ddeut may
apt oint.
'Section, 3. That while employed in the
service the said treopc shall receive the samo
rations, c'othing ai el compensation as are id
lowed to other irojpsin the same branch of
th service.
"Section 4. That if, under the previous sec
tions of thisact, tbe President shall not be able
to raise a sufficient number of troops to prose
cute the war successfully and maintain tbe
sovereignty of the States and the independence
of the Confederate States, then he is hereby
authorized to call on each State, whenever he
thinks it expedient, for her quota of three hun
dred thousand troops, in addition to those sub
ject to military service under existing laws, or
eo many thereof as the President may deem ne
ccsaary, to be lai'sed from fuch. classes of the
population, irrespective of color, in each State,
as the proper authorities thereof may deter
mine:. Provided, that not more than 25 per"
Cent, of all slaves between the ages cf 18 and
45, cf any State, shall be called for under the
.provisions of this act.
"Section 5. That nothing in this act shall
be construed to authorize a change4 in the lela
tion of the said slaves."
Prompt Action. Week bi fore last Gen.
Beauregard it-sued ati Appeal to the cit:Z3ns
of Mecklenburg, Lincoln, Cabarrus and Row
an, to furnish negroes to blockade the roads
and fords leading to this place from the South
acd in two days upwarda of 300 hands were
here ready, for service. It strikes us that if
the people along Sherman's rcute from Savan
nah to Winnsboro bad acted in this way, he
would not have found his march such an
easy ose. Charlotte Democrat.
The Voice of the Pulpit. Of Spurgeots
voice Rev. Dr. Campbell says: The match
less voice, whose l-wcst descent is distinctly
hea d in the remotest corner, and whose loud
est thunder isstdl pleasan even to those within
a few yards of him, crowns his exnotion?.l tri
umphs. It is full as the swell of an organ,
and yet clear as the maitial trumpet. The
popularity of its possessor will end only with
his Iif."
Novel Idea. As some of the ladies in
Richmond are convinced that they .can manage
the legislative business of the country more
efficiently than the present Congres-s, it is in
contemplation to organize a Ladies' Advi
sory Couacil," at which the more important
su jects of legislation will be considered, and
from time to time submitted, in the form of
bills, for the action and ratification of Con
gress. Richmond Whig.
TELTCtKA PHTC j
SEPOiiTS OF THU PRKSS A.SOCJUTIO .
- p confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, March 8. Ihe SAiate rend
the cor si deration of tbe Bouse bill to incrcMe
thetnilitary fores of the Confederate States.
Cn motion of If r. Caperton, the bill was amend
ed, by insertion . provided, that r-o tnre than
twenty-five per cent of tb.3 male elaves between
18 and 43, in every Stata ghall be.ca'led for, un
der provjrfons iai act. The bill then p : jsd.
Yeas: Brown, Burnett. Caperton, Henry, Hun
ter, Oldham, Semmes Simme?, and Watson 9.
Xays : Barnwell, Graham, Johnson of Georgia,
Maxwell, On, Vest, WigfaU-8.
The Serrate passed the House bill authnriting
the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow speci
to b applied to thv redemption and reduction of
the currencv.
The House resolution, fixing tbe day of ajjura.
went, was amended by io'dcrtiog- Saturday, th
11th, and-was then adopted yeas 10, nays S.
From Gcsrgia.
CHARLOTTE, Marth 8. The Southern Ex
piess Messenger, from Augasta, brings news to
tlic 3d "'of Match. Xo nfw3 of interest b&3 trans
pired nest" of the Savannah river.
" The Georgia Senate pasasd a resolution, that
it 6e3 not coftcur ia the recommendation of Gov.
Brown fer a Convention ef the people of Georgia
ayes 20 j. nays 82. .
' Several extensive fire had occurred in Augusta,
supposed work of incendiaries. . . .
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Marclv 8. Northern papers of
Monday have been Received.
The Amercan says a week ago Sheridan turned
ovir his department temporarily to Hancock ;
and with 12900 men started on an expedition,
whose objective point was Lynchburg.
Official despatches from Grant report that de
serters from every point state that Sheridan en
countered Early on Thursday, between Staunton
an4 Charlottesville, and defeated him. A large
portion of bis command was captured,
else of interest.
Nothing
Confederate Centres?.
RICHMOND, March, 9. The House concuired
yesterday in the Senate re olution for adjourn
ment euic die on next Saturday. Tha negro bill
returned from the Senate with amendment made
tbe sped d order for to-day.
The Senate rejected the House bill to provide
for tbe payment of horses killed or lest in the
servica of the Confederate States..
Mr. Wigfall submitted the following resolution
which was agreed to :
Resolved, Ty the Congress of the-Confederrte
States that the thanks of Congress and the whole
country are due, and are heneby tendered, to
Lieutenant General Wade Hampton for his manly
letter, of the 27th February, addressed to Gen.
Sherman j and that in the opinion of Congress
the Executive department should sustain
Gen. Ilatppton in carrying out the policy indica
ted in his letter.
The House passed the Senate bill fixing the
time for the commencement of the nxt regular
session of Congress, with the amendment striking
omt November and inserting, October. The Sen
ate amendment to the House bill authorizing the
Secretary of Troaeury to borrow specie to be ap
plied to the redemption and reduction of the cur
rency, agreed to. The bill to amend the a:t
regulating the destruction of property under
military necessity was adjected. The Senate
amendment to the bill putting negroes in the
army concurred in ye.a40; nays 26.
THE TIGHT BELOW KlffSTOX.
OFFICIAL FROM GENERAL LEE.
RICHMOND, March 9.--The following was received-tbis
afternoon:
Hkacqcaktrrs, March 9.
Ron. John C. Breckinridge, Sect'y of War:
Gen. Bragfe reperts that he attacked the enemy
yesterday, four miles in front of Kinston, and
drove him from his position. He disputed ground
obstinately, and tooV a new line three miles from
his first.
We captured three pieces of artillery and fifteen
hundred prisoners. The number of tbe enemy'"
dead and wounded left on tbe field is large. Ours
comparatively small. The troops behaved most
handsomely. Maj. Generals Hill snd Hoke ex
hibited their accustomed zeal and gallantry.
(SiKned) m R.E.LEE.
from Rtcbmontl.
RICHMOND, March 9.-Large quantity of
manufactured" tobacco recently sent to vicinity of
Fredericksburg, was captured and destroyed on
Monday night Wy -a party of Yankees, from gun"
boats in the Rappahannock.
" Official From Gen. Lee.
RICHMOND, March 11. The following official
dispatches wore received last night:
He a dqcarters, March 9.
Ron. .7. C. Brcckenridgc, Secretary of War :
Gen. Rosser reports that oh the 6th, with a few
of his ra ?n, he attacked the enemy near Harrison
burg, who were guarding the prisoners Uken at
Waynesboro, and captured a few prisoners. On
the morning of tbe 7th, he again attacked them,
near Reede's Hill, having detained them for a day
and night at the river. He caused thesa to re
tire in haste, abandoning the only piece of artil
lery they had, and their ambulances. He annoy
ed them a great deal which enabled a go id many
ot our men to escape.
(Signed.) R. E. LEE.
Headquarters, March 10.
Hon. J. C. Rreckenridje, Secretary of War :
General Hampton attacked Kilpatrick at dav-
light this morning, and drove him from his camp,
taking bis guns, wagons, and mMiy horses, and
sevt-r.il hundred nrixiinprs on4 -
. 7. ' v.c0iU Kreat
Blltkbirnr nur ftwn mon wlit ksr) K . a j
number of our own men, who had been captured.
The guns and wagons could not be brought oflffor
want of horses. Many of the. enemy were killed
and wounded. Our loss was not.heavv . Lieut.
Col. B. L. King was killed ; Brig. Gen. Ilume,
Cols. Hayne and Harrison, Majors Lewis, Furgu
son and others were wounded.
ISignedl r. E. LEE.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, March 11. In the House, on
Thursday night, a nressago was receivedfrom, the
President, notifying Congress, that he expected,
at an early day, to send in a communication,
which may require declaration and action, there
fore requesting that the session be prolonged. A
resolution to postpone an adjournment until Tues
day was adopted.
The House receded from its amendment to the
Senate bill, fixing tbe ti me of the commencement
of the next session of Congress. '
The Senate resolution of thanks U Gen. Waot
Hampton was concurred in.
In tbe Senate, to-d-y, the llru,f rcif,a,j
tending, the efsfioa waj concurred i. 'I'
A message frm the Pieidmt vrtolrjf tb.
to provide for the prom v.i n ttfop jB f
'CRfcs, whs after dtbate on the bill, jtinm,i'
posed yeas, 11 ; nay'f, 6.
Th House bill authoriiiig tbe Sfr-tt,.
the Treasury to issu- eighty wi lionj of Trn'i f
Botes to provide fcr tlipayacT:t cf trrpsr
the army and navy, parsed-ytti, 9; mi 5. "
The message from the Prtidnt, VfUit jf tk
b II abolisbirg the office of Qaarteriaatfr tc!
Ceumhsary, which provides for the apptiut
of bonds'd agents iosaid dopartuaeat Waff pfl'tl
consideration, placed on tho secrtt ralsndsr, k
the Senate resolved iUelf into s?ctrt S
The House psfsed the appropriation f0P Vt
expenses -fth Govornment t'i tKe 2n 0r j,,'
cember, 18C5. It, also sustained the Prriiieal."
veto of the bill providing for the promotion '
oCieers in certain cass-yeas 14 ; navs 4i. Afl
a short secret se.i.-n the House adjournec.
The Jfe-ro Bill.
RICHMOND, Mafcb ll.-The till putti.r .
groes in the army, aa pas.td by tbe Sest, ji
precisely the same bill pa?sed by'the fiou
the exception of the following proviso to tfceicun,
section, which was concurred ia by tiie lieu...
Provided, that not morethan ?5 per rrtt. cftU
nrale slave?, botweva the s;cs of lSkad 45, ia aiJ
State, thall b called for uader the prc;i:cr.i rf
this act.
Northern w.4
RICHMOND, March 11. United States
papers of'theSth have been receired. Thy ci
tain very little news.
Tha Herald Kies an extended arcosnt cf the
inauguration ball at Wafcington acj tL mooter
celebration in New Toik.
The Casadia eonledoraey sch-iue has been re
jected by the people of New Bi uuswuk.
Hugh McCullough has .Uen eotfirad as f.t
senden's successor.
An excursion party cf 300, from tTaihicgton,
visited Grant, at City Point, on the 8th.
Advices from Matau.oras of the 30th Jar.narr
state that General Wegia, Conunandei-in flif
of the Mexican forces, vifited the Rebel General
Slaughter, at Brownsville, aad was received with
a falute of 21 guns. After dinner, a Confederate
would ask a vote for filly thouaDd pound iter! ir.j
flag was raided. Wejiia ma-Je a speech, ia wkui
he said the Confederacy would soon be recogt.iz. d.
He invited the CVnUderate oilicers to a grand
banquet at Matamoras.
Lincoln Vetoed the bill repealing permits ta
trade with the Southern States.
Gold on the 9th was 1CJ.
Fro in Kurope.
RICHMOND, March 11. European advices to
the 25th have been received. The sulj-ct ef Can
adian differences was debated "In the Hu f
Lord Earl Derby favored tbo adoption cf vig
orous measures, in view of the hostile fte!ii;p cf
Americans. Earl Defray said the gove'uuieht
for Qurbec defences, leaving the defunct's of Mon
treal to the Canadas. Lerdj Malmsbury and Kl
lenborougb complained of the amount asked fr.
Earl Russell regretted the dUcu.sion, and said ths
said government had declined to make anv move
ment while tbe Canadas declined to take meas
ure themselves ; but as they now rhotrt oiCwreut
position, the government will aaswt theia.
The debate caused a fall in conruls. No otksr
news of interest.
From Mexico.
RICHMOND; March 12. Northern papers cf
the 10th contain news from Mexiot which con
firms the report of the capture of Oaxaca, with
garrison of 7,000 rren, the largest body of trooas
which defended the sinking foi tun's of the lie
public. Maximilian has been recognized by England.
He gave special audienea to the British envoy,
who presented an autograph letter from Victoria,
addressed to the Empress Charlotte, a; my be
loved sister. Victoria expressed a belief in tho
establishment of the Empress aa the beginning cf
a new and happy era f.r Mexico. She congratu
lates the Emperor on his elevation.
The Mexican papers publishes the last diplomatic
consular appointments by the Emperor. No ap
pointment was made by the Ucited States.
The Tribune says Andy Johnston wa demented
by liquor when sworn in as Vice President, ne
made a senseless, discreditable harangue, and says
if he has become a drunkard and does not reform
he cannot remain Vice-President of tke United
States.
New Orleans advices of the 1st, say Gen. Canhy
and stafl left that day for the vicinity cf Mobile.
Oiders have been received at New York to
commence the draft on ths 15th. About thirteen
thousand names will have to be drawn.
Senator Harlan, of Iowa has been confirmed
Secretary of the Interior in the place of Upshr,
resigned.
Gen. Clay Smith of Kentucky has been appoin
ted minister to Spain.
Tierre Soule and family had arrived in the city
of Mexico.
Gold in New York, 168. No important news
is published in the'yankee papers.
From Europe,
RICHMOND, March 12.-The Paris corrcspon
dent of tha London Journal says that Napo'con
had a paragraph written in his address, expres
sive of hi3 sorrow at the continuance of the war in
America and reaffirmm;; bis neutrality when
i
lhe advices from Canada reached him, reporticc
the opening of peace negotiations at Fortress
Monroe on thir first legislative session. Ihe
news placed biui in a delemma; hia neutrality was
likely to be of little avail, and not- knowing Low
best to express th? point of exigences concluded
to remain 6ilent.
The yellow book laid before the chamber has
something upon the subject. It says it i' decide J,
so long as circumstances were not wore favorable.
Tint, fn rrwior thair cfT .-. n thr war to an
understanding. We have remained an retire,
I . . . . . :
v out not indiCerer.t speculator of the cmuici
I . . . ..... i.
in
which so much ruin is accumulated.
Ve have
thought it our duty to turn our attention solely to
the condition of our French subjeci-s as worthy
of our interest. Owing to the peculiar situation
of the Confederate States of the Scutb, with
which we do not keep upolhcial relations, we can
do nothing but register claims of French
subjects in these States, reserving to ourselves to
enforce them at some furture oppotunity.
c
AM-P-' NEAR CAPE FEAR
RIVE It.
Headq'rs C. S. Naval Forces
March 2, 18C5,
XOTICE.
All absentees from this command, who report
themselves on board C. S. steamer Patrick
Henry " at Richmond within tyenty days from
this proclamation will not be punished. Those
who remain absent will be arrested and treated as
deserters. J. R. TUCKER,
mar 4-d3twlf .Flag Officer Commanding &c
Fayetteville Ob'eerver copy three times and send
bill to Lieut McCorkle at Favettevilo for payment.