THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
inserted mt tiik
mi
A. M. liOKMW fc CO., Proprietors.
r
TERMS:
tAI!.Y HDITION, for 6 months $15
. 3 " 9
i ' . ...... 3
TUI-WKKKLY, for C month? 10
.i 3 5
V!:.KI.Y EIHTIOX,fr 6 months 5
N ,.o- ! iptin-wi!! be received on any other
t -.:- ;"r.i,: the above, o,r tor a longer or snorter
1 BeitA cr ineTcsf n Ueenr lee) for ed
insert!, arrnjr- rcvu ai mtjit? r ill fc c
charged 4vi.?' en..
JOB WO-PK.
JOB WORK of ererar dvxfpt?eB will tie !
ecutMatthii OdW wiiu dUpalefc. n.AtlT
nt, ean bv done ayrurie in tLe jj!ein '
edoracr.
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH. WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, ISOi.
NO. 20.
. -v star1 gMTm nrrw
'ME CONFEDERATE.
L'lf
JVI lT .Aa
Masonry.
?'. IUbn, t bru ah t Vrngrm of July
h.Iph u?in a deliberate dfence of the
ft: vet t rnir.Hi r rgfuizifn. -end doea d.ibonr
t . a r '...tit ib'. e aud aueieut order, which fer
m h -.tn J in many countries has done the
c '.-. ? f';-v of mercy aad beue volence in vio
1 itlcn ' f to 'aw, but in strict sahtrdmatinn to
tl.f of whatever country it is located with-
iu. 'r. HoIJtn, io the Progrerr, says that
M. - ;.ry u the same tiling in Lor.on, N?w
Yuri- 1 rrtrlfjua," and " they enter into an
ch other, and to wra a
lv :her - f iinp'endirg danger." Ad again:
It t'ierr i-s a clause in tee II. O. A.'s tkat
r :r - rc'ncJ into tri-ats against the Oov-
:j,r.r. is tb-.-re net a correlative clause in
!,--'.:" fl at is iuceptibl of the sani inter
ir t .i:.- 'i Novt we i DTit the attention cf
M - .! to this unmitigated ?t!ma. Never Las
t'.-t ?.-!;; of c'tizeris received so offensive an
ir. i'".. . llre is an organization, bound under
, ,-. -u t penalty of "being shot through
t': -M,i." Des Mhonry enjoin so vicious a
I -us':', thi-?, one fro clearly illegal? This
( ii.iz -.ti; .n framed to take protection from
r;;rr.v yrUh whom the country is at -war;
r' ni c-i-i'ur r-j sti; 'daring to afford certain assie-
., ( to the tt.fpij la recompense, is mere in
.-n:-v Hy siwiiat anderstanding ? In . our
;ioj tU i ur.riaatbn of the Progress is a rile
r ir, wbich every loyal AUton wiil regard
V. c ;.r. :is question Does Masoary allow
; i -sympathy, relief or assistance from
r in ffcc .SoutU toward a Yankee cne
v;.; a the ". ws of tke ccuntry prohibit?
: o. TWia tsry ersacization docs ; fer
1:1
it- r ': .Sera are pledged to help the spies ef the
ti. . v -tvU'u'Ii is treason.
? j scciety coinbinfs to take protection
:!:. inv!,fJer, fey p.horring a f-ir, which
:- t incmberfor protective aBd discloses
1 ' i ; .! n ihbor for eicrifice. If the &ct bo
i ;"-. r,. vl. it is treason.
A
T: -ry i.'.ciurM rs nres to harbor tlie deser-
tor.
ur.d
y. .-
; ; .:o it. This uacr-.uie. Can aMasan,
obligations a-i a 51 iscn, casarait trea-
r i iat he law, in oider io fulfill his
;c t.b'i r itiou ? So far from eujoiuing
rM':tii:e, 5Ifa"?-nry would pubisk it.
T! b idea of a-ssiatiiating Masoary witk tory
., a borrowed one. The Progress obtained
it ,'t. !:i .Iry the Yankee, when their relations
v . i . i t miliar. Whcu this iniqni?ou3 eooicty
;.vifd introduction iu"o Nrth Caroliea,
ri i effort to asiwilate it to Masonry.
:i r. of liahali'fs was uepted t fur
.e ri -embbtuce. xVnd therefore, about
ly ti'.ne Trhen it wa firt brought to our
. two copies of the Ncwbern Times, Joy's
. iut.. our hands er.h ote containing
-inul;-.:" co umii in defence ef Masonry.
t :
!!"
ti; i
in
ti i ; . ; r
A' ;i A i . O. A. hnxhifts ices receiving
into (ireme and Ltncir. Very
.,...,'-( ira.s ir jns), lifted to Wake and John-
... . ' f' trd in thf hreping of the man who,
?..'' ' '.I'l.'iiij it him.ftff, veis to be the chief
r :, , f ,.. r.-tinertion. This is the man who
,j it .'.it'te lire. H". X. Bragg.
A: 1 i: is a b.'rrcwad idea, and from a con
' u'iit .le-arcc, tbat ti e Progress gets this
i:-jli:: comparison cf a treifnnable, corrupt
z? k:: .'i, , with the hotiorabis and loyal
Or.;-r M ?.!ss.r.ry If auy one desirep. we
v.it! .-Nw tl.em t'ncse papors of Joy', and
c if the date wlifu II. O. - A. villainy
!ir" n i ! its appearance.
i'. it tli; re is another feature in this article
v. i.'cii ilt-jrvos attention, and that is, that
l err a j Ki lie p'per, which iu time cf war
i-.-.-s i very effort to stifle and prevent the
i x;h - of a criminal league, whose treatou
;rl ir. cn'ions are confessed by those wbx r.re
jil'.i! d'ip.t; '4 it. The attempts to expose it
r.: sf'.jinati.ed. The proper confessions f
I victims are ridiculed, ar d writh more
;;.' ;:; I Idnc.-s, the society itself is de-
f.
Co;.'
A:.-'
v..,
K thcMe is not criminality in this
, then there is no law in the land,
v' 'Ak.rst feature in the case is, that those
. y the couiin.ssioa of these injurious
;.i-ts, in to ft el assured that they will have
p.u'i;s in the judges of the State. The
i-: '.v triiiim il they seem to fear, is a Con.'ed
et.iit' tn i uual.
A Gfuerons Tender.
Th-j 'lMsburj: Register contains a most
ccr-Mi.n-' iTer, Vv a citizen of Iialeih, to the
V .-.'-'(; tersbtirg who have beon driven
i ':. Ml tiiPir hv'inra intv tlio vruvds ul rise-
v ! ! f ' t seek protection from the shells of the
rr.th'css foe, sent to destroy. the horaes and
!"v. s rf the v.omon asd children of that hc
r : . c ty. Col. J. M. Heck is the owner of
tl.t lib' and commodious property in Warren
c .:., N.C., linewn as "Jones' Springs," and
hi. h;-.s 'endered the bnildings acd a Kuffiecnt
tjt; : :;ty of fire wood, free of cost, to such
of tl:t- citiL'nsof Pttersbur; as cheese to avail
th-rm -elves of this safe and pleasant retreat.
Sn.e tl.ii ty or frty families can there be
c i tVrtally provided for the occup&ats hav
:;..: n-i'y to furnish their own furniture and
cv- I.ii! utensils. .
Heck has been a resident of this city
for a 3 ?ar or two, and has won upon the re
piro of our people as an enterprising:, patri
' tic. l.i.rnane chri-tian geBtlemaB. Possessad
i i !.irtr n.eans, be has employed them in the
i -il li-hinent of factories .for furnishing the
(J ven n.ent with Ordnance and other raate
r:al ; while he has dispensed with a liberal
laud to supply the wants of ihs needy.
Blajor W. W. Pcirct.
When we mentioned the rumour tbat M-j r
Pirce, the Quarter Master at this post, had
been employing Mr. McOowan as the agent for
transportation to the army, we exx'cte
elicit from Major Peirce a public disclaimer of
the act ; for W did not believe that an officer
of the arm, at this time, rea'.d furnish a facili-
ty to Mr llolien for the transmission of his
circulars aud newspaper the ztanaara anu
Progress. And when Mr. McGowan selec
ted, it might have bees well known that it was
putting at Mr Ilolden's disposal an omnibus
for that purpose. We areas much pained as
surprised, to find that we were mistaken in our
estimate of Mjr Peirce, and that he has given
a ba-is to those who have distrusted him. We
still believe, or hope it was an act f inconide
ratitn : for Major Peirce well knows, that; from
Gen. Lee down, every rfficer is the army would
regret to see the soldiers flood J with the
Progress and Standard. There isttouseto
disguise this. These papers are regarded hy
the leaders who conduct our cause, as unfit for
the eoldiers to read, and the soldiers so regard
them.
One other matter : Major Peirce also knew,
that Mr. McGowan had been removed from
the Post Office Department, and fur good rea- j
son. We repeat, for good reasen If Mr.
McGowan wishes the reasons exposed, we
will do it for him.
As to the attempt of the Progress (whether
the article were written by Mr. Hidden or
the Editor) to make sympathy for Mr. Mc
Gowan, by the allegation that anybody de- j
sires to hurt him hy depriving him of the
means of making a living; it is the game of a !
demagogue," who cares n'-.thing for Mr. Mc
Gowai except to use him as a tool. For
many years he has been in the public employ,
andwe always thought to his injury, for he
was a rond mechanic at;d could have earned
a hotter living by hi' trade ; btit this was not .
our business ; and we don't enre how well em-ploj-ed
he miy be, provide 1 he is not in a
position to do damage. And we are perfectly
assnred the two worthies who undertake his
defence, don't care a fig for him, except to use
him. 4
S.F. Phillips, Esq.
We are taken to task by our neighbor of
tho Conservative, abeut our mention, a few
days since, of Mr. Phillips. We are gkd to
hear Mr. Phillips is fur Governor Vance,
aad has so aunounced himself since he has
appeared in Orange. We are glad to recog
nize the wholesome inflneuce of the Orange
atmosphere. Ncverthle's, tie are entitled to
our opinion as between Vance men. Major
Latta is as good a Vance man as M. Audi
tor Phillips ; and tho very reason we prefer,
him, is that which the Conservative has urged
in behalf of Mr. Thillips.
Mr. Phillips has been in three civil offices
since the war began. Ho has filled them well
and it. is time to try and see how well ho
would fill s military office. Major Latta has
filled three military i filces since the war be
gan, and has stood between Mr. Phillips and
the enemy, while Mr. Phillips was feardt'eg
in the shade. We think that if Mr. Phillips
could go out and try a military office, he
would do the same for Major Latta which the
Maj-jr ha3 done f r him; and he ought to
have a chance. What d the people of
Orange say ? Besides, we have but little par
tiality lur a mau who fills office three years
in Ualeigh, in these tin;es, and carries' off
with him the praises of Messrs. Holden and
Pennington. We h?;pe the people of Orange,
among whom we were born, will show their
appreciation of meftt true merit military
merit and rote.for Major Latta who, like
a faithful and loyal t fficer, has done his duty ;
3nd that they will (now that Mr. Phillips is
without office) give an opportunity to a stout,
robust citizen, of serting in the cause, for the
preservation ef his own property and inde
pendence. The Standard is very much exercised about
the coler of the paper on which it alleges
Vance tickets are printed. First, some
sneaking spy stole ;a slip ef Vance tickets,
printed on yellow paper"; and ran to show
them to Mr. Holden ; and then another of his
sneaking "detectives" has shown him some
Vuce tickets printed on bajf paper. New
will Mr. Holdeu tell the public toh these
"detective agents" of his are, that have fur
nished him with these tickets? If they got
them honestly, thoy nor he can hare any ob
jection to their names being made public.
Rut if their name be not given,, the pubHc
will take it for granted that they got hold of
them in a way that they are ashamed to be
known in the transaction.
But the whole thing is one of Mr. Holden 8
"honest arts" to deceive the people. He has
heard that some Vance tickets were printed on
yellow paper, and he has printed some of his
own and perhaps some Vance tickets on buff
paper, so as te shield his timid friends, who
are ashamed to rote for him unless tbey can
do go under a deception. Look out for Hol
den tickets printed on huff paper.
"
Gen. Bragg arrived at Atlanta on the 13th,
and immediately proceeded to Gen JoKhston's
headquarters. His presence is said to have
created great enthusiasm in the Army of Ten
nessee. 3
Got. Brown and his Militia.
The evil effect3 of Governor BrownV fac
tious course towards the Confederate Gov
ernment, are now painfully coining home to
him. He has hcretofare, like the maj-irity of,
the legislature io North Carolina, put every
difiiculty possible in the way of the conscript
laws, by keeping at home an army of mi'itia
and civil officers. But now that Atlanta is
iu danger, iu consequenco of a want of men
to confront the ' yankee hordes pressing upon
it, he has gone to work as vigorously upon
his pet exempt, as he has heretofore done
upon theUon federate Government. Governor
Brown ie enthusiasticia his defence of Geor
gia ; arid his efforts te bring forward the skulk
ers, or those he considers go, are marked hy
his characteristic, but often ill-directed ener
gy. Sowe'of these whom he has so sedu
lously protected from the Confederate con
script officer, now refuse to obey Ids call upon
them whereupon Governor Brown waxes
wroth, and orders At eonscipt officers to
reizo all suck and fores them to . c mie up to
the scratch. He does not stop now to con
sult whether it is constitutional or not they
are vended, and must come " peaceably if
thftyvrill forcibly if they must." How cir
cumstances do alter cases. Governor Brown
nvy derive some consolation, however, thai
he has his exempts at hand, where he can
make use of them as valuable auxiliaries to
the Confederate army in protecting the State
of Georgia from the yankee invader.
We trust the state of things in North Carolina
may not become such as to cause the Legislature
of this State to leel as Governor Bron n now
feels, that in keeping their pets out of the
army, they have exposed the State to be
overrun by the enemy, for the want of these
fifteen or twenty thousand exempts to resist
them. " .
N. B Vhere are the militia and home
guard ofslcars, i he just ices "of the peace, con
stables, e-r-c., of .Yadkin oounty, who were to
be so ellicieut in' case of invai. n, or home
disturbance where are they, that they can
not be raiid to the defence of their own
homes anel th laws of .theJSta'e, wheu threat
ened and resisted by a band of tories anc1
traitors? N
'!.
Wa regret to learn from the Winston Sen
tinel of the 14th instant, that Hon. A. H
Shepperd died at his residence in Forsyth
county, em Monday, the 11th instant.
Mr. Shepperd had, in former years , repre-
seated his district in Congress for ' several
terms, lie was a devoted Seratherner, ardent
and patriotic in all his feelings, and cvnapkte
ly identified with the South iu her present
struggle for independence.
Mr. Shepperd's health ha'd been feeble for
m.iny years past, and he must have readied
some.thipg like the.three wcere years and ten
assigned by scripture as the limit of human
life; still the immediate attack which caused
his d'iatU commenced only tnree days before,
while making arrange me uts to go t&S-i!ci to
hear Gov. Vance peak.
'
Gen. Bragg at Atlanta.
"Harvey" of the Appeal writes tho follow
ing piece of intel igence to that journal :
Atlanta, J;ly 14, 18G4.
The most interesting, and perhaps, signifi
cant event of yesterday, was the arrival of
General Braxton Bragg. Riding into the
city yesterday, I saw the Genaral and two or
three other gentlemen perhaps of his .own
personal staff in a carriage going out to
General Johnston's headquarters. The eld
iron hero, the Wellington of the South, looks
more the man and the soldier than I ever saw
bim before. His health must be, better than
when he left this army for bis important posi
tion at Richmond, and consequently, his abili
ty greater to discharge- the grave responsibili
ty resting upon him. Having served with
him in an humhle capaeity in his long, toil-
some campaigns in Mississippi, Kentucky
andTennessee.and never having found occasion
todrift into the tumultuous torrent of malignant
prejudice which an ill-advised populaceTiurl
ed against him and General A. S. Johnston,
with misguided zeal, I involuntarily raised
my hat as his carriage hurried by..
The army has learned to admire, love and
confide in another, but the name and the face
of General Bragg makes many a strong heart
beat with enthusiasm, within the breasts of
the bronzed warriors of the Army of Ten
nessee. Gen. Bragg's presence at this juncture, in
this part of the military vineyard, indicates
that all goes well around Richmond and Pe
tersbnrg, and that bis zeal and attention are
not cemfined to any special locality, but
. extends equally to every part of the Confed
eracy. What we got at Martiksbtjrg. A cor
respondent of the Charlottesville Chronicle,
says that immense quantities of supplies fell
into our hands at Ifarfinsburg, with one
million dollars worth of medical stores, and
an unbounded quantity of quartermaster's
supplies, including one hundred thousand
bushels ef cern aqd oats.
- The inerchandizs. was unparalleled ; mer
chants and su tiers had collected their immense
stores, preparatory to forwarding them to
Richmond tor sale, as they deemed the -capture
of that place a fixed fact.
Escape of If a job Gen. Franklin. W
regret to . hear of the escape of Major Gen
eral Franklin, as his capture would hare en
abled cur Government to exchange him for
some one of our Generals now in the hands of
the enensy. We EudersUnd he was placed
in charge of aa officer and two men, who
laid down and slept while Franklin deliber-
ately walked off, Too much whiskey was
. probably tho cause ef this negligence.
Brigadier General Tyler and staff escaped
to Baltimore.
We adopt the following article on the "Jjorth
Carol rc& election from tbcltichmoiid Exami
iner. It cannot be pretendeo by Mr. Hid
den, that the Examiner is a st;::!fcdcraU
jjaper, or a subsidiz e! press. Its known op.
position lo the administration, deprives Mr.
Holden' of thns carping at its opin:o.. '
The vticle from the Exarniiur s'm.ws that
the intelligent minds of the country, every
where, regard Mr. Holden's pi in of p .ce, as
tho surest civ.", of war. WtU the peopleof
th's State be so blitid as to disregard the uni
versal sentimeot of tho wiso and good, und
follow Mr. Hdden ?
North Carolina is to electa Governor in
August. 'Xlwe are two candidates and tw
parties. With all which Virginians and other
Confederates outside of North Carolina should
haxe nwtiiing whatever to do, but that the
two parties hapj.en to be divided upon a ques
tion extremely interesting to Conf- I era j at
larg?, namel: Whether. North Cirolina U
to continue allied with us in the War to vin-1
dicate oi-ir'.fndopcndente, or is to a!ndon that!
alliance, and utterly destroy herself in a vain j
effort to make a separate peace. One of.fhoi
candidates for Governor opposed a Convention
of the Str.te even fr the purpose of consider
ing or proposing terms-for a separate peace;
the other 'favours such Convention'; and, ii
elccred, is Understood to he ready to convene
it immediately. Thus the August election be
comes a concern to us all.-
We learn fjwra articles in nw-papers of the
State that there ar? large onmWs of dozens
of North Carolina who suppose that they may
sowehow bring about Peiu-e, or at least hasten
or facilitate Peace, by voting for a person who
says he is a Peace-man. Journals, said to be
organs of this individual, declare in general
terms, most eapiiatically is if they wefe
saying something important), that their candi
date ''is for peace :" and then, appealing to
the voters, put the matter te them thus Arc
you tired of this bloody war? tiled tf war
taXes and conscription, desirous tostttle dew.:
to your peaceful industry agaiu ? then sup
port the man who is for pence. Theo ap
peals are probably .not addressed to, n r in
tended for. the in. re educated and intelligent
porfion of the inhabitants of Nrth Carolina;
but one is hd to believe that there must b
moie tVa an avera proportion of simple
and creduh us people in that Stile, to make
such arguments, sucli newspapers, and such a
candidate, eren possible. Also, it is with
regret every good Confederate will bear that
there are in the country districts very large
bands of deferters from the army all under
stood to be Pece-men. In a Raleigh paper
of the 13'h (the Progress) we read, copied
from the Iredell Express, "that ti e deserters
are carrying on at a ''high rate in that county".
(Yadkin); end further that "a band of thes?
toriss sni traitors to the South" took the
town of Yadkin and released all the prisoners
in the gaol, who doubtless immediately joined
them, and becams all peace-men together. -
Nobcdy supposes that these tories and de
sciiers compose the wh-.-le of the "peace par
ty ."although they swell it exceedingly. No
party in a'iy State could subsist altogether
upon that sort of basis; and . t her 3 must be,
Mid ara numbers of lumest citizens who are
aetu:'ly deluded by th loud and constant out
cries of those wno caU themselves "Cmerva
ti ires," and f-ho think North Carolina, in this
'rlcctioa can really say, L;t there be peace,
and th"er is pece.
The aiisver of the oher or sound Confed
erate parry to this wretched delu.i n is so ob
vious," and lies soVumspicuoufcly on the surface,
that,the plainest irdzens may see it always
excepting r-be deserters. It is se clear, that he
who runs may read, but net he who runs
awag. A; d it is this: If North Carolina
makes a pcane, it is with the Federal authori
ties she must make it; aud the Federal author
ities have refused, and do still refuse, evca to
listen to any terms except unconditional sub
mission; revocation of the ordinance of seces
sion by which North Carpliua took herself
out of the Union ;abandon merit ol her allies
and kindred in the very stress and agony of
the war to make' good that secession ; emauc-i-pationof
all her negroes; contrite return to
"the Union of our fathers;" and lastly apd
chiefly, contribution of her full quota of draft
ed men to the armies of said Union, to be em
ployed in the slaughter of all other Southern
people, and the complete enslavement of North
Carolina, as well as all other States, Northern
and Southern. These are the terms.
Now if North Carolina cease to be a part
of the Confederacy and beeomes a pat of the
Federal Union, which is at war with us, she
thereby, on the instant, declares war against
the Confederacy. That a State d:d,-irj the
middle of a war, abandon her allies, deny her
act, eat her words, and join her enemies
against her friends, might be a brilliant his
toric record in the future; but it would not ho
peace: it would be only the beginning of war.
It is not to be supposed tbat Virginia and
South Carolina would submit to be cut asunder
by the intervening country, if that country
should declare itself an enemy instead of a
friend. They, of course, would treat it as aa
enemy; would make inceremonious use of its
railroads and short work with its towns. We
do not see that the Old North State would
gain much by reconciling herself to Rhode
Island and Massachusetts, and declaring war
against South Carolina and Virginia.
It ie useless, and it is intended to deceive,
when "peace-men" says vaguely, as wo ob
serve they do says and imprudently repeat
" Better let each State set up temporarily for
itself than cpntinue the war." Certainly
North Carolina can and nay eeeede at any mo
ment from the Confederacy : this is net a mat
ter susceptible of argument: hy constitutional
right she may first secede, and then either join
our enemies or ' set no for herself," precisely
as to her shall seem good, if the deserting in
terest, the deserting principle and the desertjng
vote be indeed so strong and prevailing but at
least let her understand the eenseqnenoes. In
the irst place, if she set up for herself and
pretended to "neutrality," and if the Federal
Government admitted that pretention, then she
would be bound to all the duties of neutrals be
tween the two beligerente . she would be bound
to refuse passage to the Federal troops through
her territory, and to require their evacuation
of all tho places which they hold within tho
State ; because to permit the Federals to use
North Carolina as a depot of troops aad arms,
or a base of operation j, w-cld be aa set ef w:i
raiBt us ; aai h wou:j be also bonnd to re
fine pawaee to Con,V:rjitt trotpt nd sor s
bc:ue ; iht :wold b an act of wr agii.ist
. the Federal. But neither af the bPg-re if
wru!d submit U be ten ordered off: thfr?frP
North Carolina would bo obliged at te-e to ?r.
to war with. them both, to e,f9rce h-r retting
y and iudencdeLc.-. Se weuld h x? faid
by her secessioa the hnrr of leing, fcr a tim
tbeprincipal hnttie ground of t war.
One is almost ashamed to ruf o s'raple a
. matter Wt only do so in order M shv tMt
this epecicus preteace of a Conftderate Sue
setting up f9r itself," "negotiating for a sep
arate peace," aBd the like, BimPly means, peace
with our enemies ad w:ir upa n. Tbat
" Conservat:ve " artv in-rite tb
North Carolina t repudiate the independence
which they selemly voted theunilves, the gv
. eminent they created to maintain it. the alli
ances they formed tn secure it, the debt thy
incurred to pay for it and to creep back, like
whipped dogs, into the "Unirm" thev !ft,
take on them the yoke of tho gvfrnmcrit thtt
has ravaead their frien Is and cities, an I tho
debt incurred to p.ny the est f extirpating
thero and their children.- It invites the North
Oartlina soldiers ia Les's army to go across the
lines, t? thrjw hrmsdv-s i-te ha or-ws of their
present eadmiv.?, to turn rund and figSt their
present csnrades aui to uplift, and wave on
high that 9 undr which their own homes
have been hurucd and their own sisters ravished.
This, we yf is the ex tot and entire mean
ing and suppose of a -peace p.irty" in the
Confederate States; whether boldly avowed,
or traitorously whispered in secret,' this is in
tended to be the cfT-et of it. It means either
this or nothing. . And wo are not going to
believe that our neighbors id aMies of Nirth
Carolina are altogether prepar d for such a
course of procedure. Whatever manhood,
whatever go ,d faith. w!,at ver State pride or
individeal pride rn y exist amongst tbem, all
wHl revolt against such unutterable infa ny as
this. And so wQ hope to seo it proved oa tho
day of election. Let the "Omserv itW can
didate be voted for by the deserters alone;
and, indeed, the election would be a vrv gaod'
oppirtusity fr the provost guuds to seizs
thoe fcllo .vs at the pull?.
LIST OF CASUALTIES
la the 24th -Regiment N. C. Troops en the i
. Jbt!i, 17th and ISth f June, lSGi :
Field and staff Non
Co A Wounded," ser:t Joel P Sweaney in
arm, privates Caleb C Wright severe in hip
Willi am Moore syere in thigh, Ji.sper Hum
phreys severe in hand, John Whitt in ahie
Missing, senjt Richard T Ram.'ey, privates
Birnett R'-ad, (wounded) Georgq Y Ditis,
(wouiidedhThoms Hugins, Ancil Freeman,
Jno Didehay, Alexander Beasley,"Mariou Day,
Barlett Bowles, Green CSsh,. (wounded.)
(k) B Wounded, private Duncan Parker
severe in side, James N Canaday severe in
wrist, Jas M Pcarce severe in hand. Misung,
sergt Lewis Pettaway, privates Calvin M Al
phin, John Can lilay, John Kubaok.-, Durant
Foster, Vulcan Frazill, Martin V Humphrey,
John P J nes. Reddio Kelluuv Gaston Mor
ton, Win II Morton, Berry Parker, Oliver K
Pittman.
Co C Killed, private Ruffin Bailey. Woun
ded, privates Jo!;n II Diirham in head, J ,Un
Carro! severe iu head, Jis X Farrell severe in
arm, Wesley Farrel severe in eho'ilder, Rufus
D Wall ir arm, Israel Walter severe in hand:
Missing, lieut Harris Karp, STgt Fnrney G
YiAing, serart Wm B Joi.nson, crpl Jucob T
Adam, privates James T Cirrdl, James T
Grifun, Caswell Hocut, Gcorse W HinMn,
Ma'achi Hin'on, Joseph L Johepon, John R
. Wrdl.
C: D Killtd, priva'es A Mnkham. Woan
ded, lieut Nathaniel M Wright severe in neck,
eorpl Geo S Motley sev-r- in neck, private
Wesley Rich in breast. Mining. s,rgt Thos
J Hamill, sergt Arthur Alston, privates Gid
eon AlsfoT, John Lw.as, Joel Lucas, W I)
Lowe, John L Lowe, Crawford Futrell, Birk
ley Walker, Wesley Savage, George E lis, Wm
R Suitt, Thos Gautney.
Co E Wounded, privates Wm B Britt
severe in face and shonfder, Ishnm Taylor in
head. Missingr, serjt Bold R Hood, Riley
Davis, Calvin Edwards, John H Lee, James
JSI Shirley, Benj Grant.
Co F K lld, private Charles W Gaincss.
Wounded, privates David J Godwin severe in
wrist. Missing, sergt Miles C Autrey. segt
Daniel B Bain, corpl Stephen II Johnson,
privates Wiley D Averitt, John Averitt, Jun
athan H Averitt, Angus Bain, Greeu II Bau
cm, Isaac C Beard, Jonathan M Britt, Noah
Cash well, George A Downing, Marcel Edge,
Sauelers Cash well, Jehu H Fort, John A W
Hall, Hardy Jones, Harris Jones, Lawrence
M Ward, Aaron W Ward.
o G Wounded, sergt Patrick D Brown
severe in leg, sergt Jas W Regan in Hand,
private Robert G McNair. in side. Musing,
privates Ncill A Campbell, Hector Biggs,
Zirobabel Vil?on.
Co II Wuimded, lieut George W Rogers
in shoulder, privates Bartlett Y Jones severe
iu hand, Thomas B Hargis in hand, Johneon
Nonis in side, Jehu M Thaxton ia arm.
"Missing, sergt Reuben Long, (wonnded) corpl
Reuben J Woody, Jesse A Luusf'ord, privates
Thos W Wilburn, Francis M Woody, Joseph
P Waod, Edward J Tuck, John T Ford, Geo
U Chandler, Wm M Neightors.
Co I Wounded corpl Burrell W Hodges in
shoulder, privates Sir W Stewart mortal, since
died, Davis L Flowers severe iu hand and
thigh, LoYett Ecnis severe in bead, Joseph us
Johnson severe in neck, Jackson Barber ssvere
in hand, James H Norris, sen., in hand, Jas
Stewart severe in hand, Henry Lee severe in
hand, Angus Stancill severe in head, Micah R
Barber severe in hand.
Co K Killed, private Troy Parish. Woun
ded, capt Janadias H Baker ia neck, corpl
Gains Cheves in shoulder, privates William)
Woodruff severe in bead, Paul Pearce in haad,
Augustus P Young severe ia face, Richird
Medley ia knee, John Parks in thigh, Bryant
Freeman in leg. Missing, privates Henry
Harris, Joseph Moye, Lorenao L Dameron,
Martin V Reid, Tbos W Beddicgfield. .
Rbcafitulation. Killed 4, wounded 49,
.missiDg92. O.D.COOKE,
Ad'jt 24th Reg't N. C. T.
List ef casualties in 66th N. C. T., Lt Col.
0. G Luke comrnAiding, froa the 17th to 19th
. ofVane, 1863.
Field and Staff, killed bom, wounded Major
John W Graham arm.
Co. A. Lt T T S.te'li e..dV '-Killed. 8m
Mercer. Wounded. Lt T- P ?ir3lt rw.
Sergt Ln.rty tVi?h M,t,. V rrhe. ide,
l eter Mo-e kii-s rfHr. I) r,Pr dmf n
mortally, J C H.ul,.i ,n uide-. O TV K'.CV,r.
dall band, Wbi Uliep haad, C G v-r fcre
head. Ce. R, Ca-t F J"Vert c-mng- Ki!!'!
Capt F N ft Vfri. ur
thigh, corpl Howes La.i. J W Unim wm,J
cd and mi-sir E T G rdue r kLcnMcr. 11 C
Johnson hi- cvre,B F !ven"r;rV vts.W n.rry
arm prim''!'!-. (' J ilbreth hand, o Jckrn arm
fevere, II boia. J-el I,rft bodr
DVann.neck. Mi.-i., w t p,P.w
BowdeaF W.J, J 1) Hazard. LA Tmrt.
Co. C, Lt S K McMcoly !? K c.M.md'g
Killed. Henry II, nil Md W K Mirkham.
Wound -d, J M llrothers brtts mortally, W R
Brown am, G Powers fi;er, N B J ,Qt, u Q
FMcDiui:! he.il, W M Tvmnle l.d. N-rm
Persse bowcN, J f Dim.' Lend, L A HufTirar.
nerarm.
Co. D. Capt R 1 firnh: comtnd'g -kill',
none. Wounded. I t J JJ C'-rg'ns sri ar-d oi-U
severe, W T Udlri chvk. .1 I) McKee writ,
Frank Robertt hf-id p-ifull. Wi5, C.de
Missiog. Jnus llcrry. ,
Co. E. Lt K J aujJeC6mrad,f-dl J u. ue.
Wuunitd, 2d Lt McD-uaU kip M-vrre. tf L
Mark barn hal, J J W.rrtck fae-, W tUroer
neck. Missing, J w Hwronco ind'L FutreJl.
Co. F. 2d Lt A R Origg cemd'g--KilUd J
P Crowder and N Pbillin. WonadH. sert A
J Leaden baod, L tl Kikrblge houUcr eter.
Jas HeJforJ iJe h-rere, ft P Pryor head, W A
Ctrterlejr, S A Crodr le?, Cihn reotJer
fide, J It battle haad. Missing, J W Lindey
S K M jere. A Q Moare, J W Rvl, E G New
ton Co. G, CaptO P. Wilis Cdmmd'g-Kdld, none.
Wcunded, ser,;t A Tiber mouth severe. W A
Connelly sh-mider. L A McNuill leg, Y , Os
borne shoulder, C Pnce leg.
Co..H. Ctpt W G Graves ommd'K lied,
none Wmmded, Tuiuos Dau-.avatit ffliuuldet,
Abrisantds tigh. serjt F McUrjt ide
mortally, M ssig. Silas Saitb an i 3 Daren
hart. 6 .
Co I. Ctpt L Hanm cmnd'f. K IV J -none.
Wuuded, crf 1 G-W Rierstaff chektarTere,
J A I'.j'.toa shout lt, rrr, J ' Hurrtlt
shoulder severe, J li M Piice hip, G W Price
foot, J 11 ilehhir:? arm fl?j weund.
, Co. K. Capt V Alexard-rcjrawdV -Killed,
oeae. fTeuiceJ, capt F j4 Alexander tomach
wertfllly, ( iae; l?ad ) 15 D ttr.wn head, J M
Brown he.ad, F Ca.sbi -u hand W Cahion hand,
M Corneiiui lg. W Ii b.rt e bead.
llK.itT;.ATioN. () lie killed 1, wound
cd 5, men killed f. wounded til, ranging Sj
Total 00. C. il PAYNE, Lt. C. K.,
Acting Adjutant.
For the ConfeJrtte.
A LIST OF CASUALTIES
In the 25th Regiment, N.C. T.. U tli KaMhe,
near Petersb irg, June lCth, 17th aod l9.b,
1804, Lirui U 1 S 0 B'ys m comra uidir.g :
Field and- staff .Wounded, licnt col S0
Brysou severe iu le.
Ci A. capt M N Love cornm lg Killed,
private M -rit Wright. Wounded, FoM Cot'
norsreie in leg, Elifh Curtis in arm, Joha
Nix f i t amputatrd, IIary Reeco hip severe,
J S V.'hltuker linger, Leuuder Wright mortai
eitice d.ed, Junes Allen f-ot, Allen 1J ,binson
thi Jj. .Mi;,ain, s-jrgt A MiKiMop, cmpl Ja
Roce, pri rates V A C irior, CJ Pain, J J
Kiig.
Co B, lieut I) liver eommd'g Killed
sprjit I) II Hoip"-, P J J Allen, M W Moss.
Wounded, lieut D R zo.rA t oK. iirivaten I'd-
bert Wats n arm e?cte, J P Steward face, J
C Stilei heAl,. J E SUtten leg. Misin". n-i.
vates W II Rico, John Sla! ; J W Steward.
G W Phillip, John Carr-d.
Co C. capt W N Freeman rv.mmJVKWfed,
priva'e John L Cnzgtus. Wounded, corpl j'
C Dofs -n face sever. A (hamters arm s
vere, R P Robinson side severe, J M Diris
h"ad, A M Radcliff hand severe, J W l
Moody hand severe, D F .Muso bind, FM
McDioiel thigh severe, H P.lmoro shiuhUr)
severe. Jerry -Green srm tevere. W F Grasty
hand, TM Nichols hand, sergt W BSniatnrr
privates T W Mue, M Lina severely di.k I
by the explosion of a ahril, slso sergt T ,
Snider, trp! W D Griffith, privates J !
Lrwis, S G B White. Tho four last named
have returned to duty.
Co D, caj.t L B Tathasn eommd'g Killed,
corpl .1 M Case, privates L;ac Dinner, J W
Strut hers, J N Sutherland, Jamrs Wilon,G
W Paiker. Wounded, segt J C Webb tide
severe, privates J W Collios loot, B fj John
son fo t severe, Tho Lowry head.
Co E. capt W II Grsves romrad'g Killed,
none. Wounded, capt W II Graves shoulder,
lieut W WEng!and severely shcked by the
explosion of shell, privates L J Erwio foot
severe, W A Bodenhammer, Lip severe, J U
Cantrt-11 hand.
Co F, lieu J A Blaylock eommd'g Killed,
none. Wun led, lieut J A Riaylock knee,
Corpl J B Ma n contusion from xp!oion of
a shell, R C Bes shovlder, F M McflaftV head.
Co. G, Lieut. P F II Jackmn c unmanding.
Killed, private W J Gate, Wounded,
pri rates W J Weatherfordthigh, revere, hand,
Benj Smith sev, thigh broken J M Williams
leg, sev, W A Williams log Hnry Htmrick
face, sev, jaw fractured. VYournU i aud mis
sing, corpl B F Keener sheuldwr, sev, pri rate
J F Roberts, head. sev. Missing, private J3
S Rogers, L W Colly.
Co. H, Capt T J commanding. Killed, L
J Carland. Wounded, W B Frady mor.siaco
died, J F M Livingston breast, dan;erously,
W S Whitiker thigh, sev, J M Phembleo leg,
M P Johnston hand, C M Fletcher hip.
Cj. I, orient k B Thrash commanding .
Killed, trgt J M Morgan and Uriah Warren.
Wounded, privates J M Rice thigh, sev, S R
Smith skoulder sev, W H Jones shoulder,
Z T Haoner wrisf, ser,' J M Wiso arm bro
ken, J A Rich, roor, Joseph Davis mer, Eli
jah Sharp, M A Curtis, Stephen Morgan, J
R Rutherfoad, sergt PP Morgan sev shock
by explosion of shell, U Holder sev wounded
in shoulder. Missing, J H Moore and H tor j
Cook.
Co. K, Capt J M Borleon commanding
Killed, privates J A Goldsmith and Colum
bus O Bryant. Wounded, Newton Carson
arm, sev, J B Andrews leg. MUsing, J G
Andrews and J M Carson.
Recapitulation.--Killed, 17 ; wounded, 75 j
missing, 16 total 108.
B. B.EDMONDSOIT,
Adjutant 25th N. C. Y.