THE CONFEDERATE.
A. M. tiOKMW A CO., Proprietors.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADVrKTISEME.NT8 will b. iiucrud at two
r0
TERMS :
DAILY EDITION, for months.......
3 44
1 44
TUt-W 2F.K LY, lor 0 moi-tln?.
H "
WEEKLY EDITION". fr month?
SI
t DoLLiki ptr MQre of ten Hon (or Urn) for e.c'
r ii i i . . ... .
f
iimvriiun. juarriagc nonce aim ooiiaarict trill D v
charged as advtrtiecmenti'.
JOB WORK.
. JON- Vf OEK f every Ucfjcriptiou will b ,
ecat?r( at tbls Ofllce with duj.at.'U, Q1 aa neatly
as can be done anywhere in th Sonthern Con
deracj.
I
!
4 !
- 1
o -
EJN'u suo-criptions will be received o any other j
Vims than the above. uor tor a longer or thorter ,
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, . WEDNESDAY, MARCH .16 1864.
NO. 7.
pei iou.
JL'ggg!!?
11
p fry
FEUE
m
The l round He Stand on. Hh "Prliiei
pies and Views."
Previ us o the 10: Ii (!:iy of December last, i
t
tl.e Standard ha 1 indulged in a cntiniip'l 1
strain, w ith ahus", complaint and denunciation
of the Ga -emmet. t at Richmond, as well of
iU dealings with s-liitrs as of I lie jxor-ic. It
charge! t i: Govt rotoc t.t with witholdlng the ',
snbr'ers, p'.y, i-egh -cling the sob'krs, families, !
of bard aru! ciud treatrn t of the s hher :
Lhns-lf, "iiig so fr as to accu.-e that the !
Standard was prewitted from reaching the. j
cam.' bv t'j violations of the mail and that i
lurlo.igo.s wcr- refused to sei ners it they j
were Mr. ilolden's friends, j
Ou the loth of December last, thelitis- j
latiire having a Ij -timed. Mr. llolden pub
lished the following short 1 ut significant edi
torial :
'Nearly five months wi'.l intervene between
" it? adjournment and reasomb!ing in May, I
' and meanwhile, the ui'-st imp-Ttant events are :
4 likely to occur. The people will have ample j
44 time in v hich to instruct their Represcnta- j
44 tiv-s, arid we trust that during this time their j
" will n.ay ho publicly, and untnistakeably j
44 pronoum ed." This parugrah a ppirently so
insig:,:tkant and unostentatious, v. as the pre- j
cursor of an ::?vance move by the "peace ;
party" t-t the Srafe ; was a sign fnm the chief
of th" signal ror-ps, of a new position. On ihe
KOrh of December, in two short weeks after,
the f .'.lowing, by way of appeal to a uislinc- j
tive inten-st, he gave rather plainer indica-
tion of the contemplated purpose. "The in- j
4- oications .ire that the only way to pave slavery j
"is through iiegotiatb'i s for, an honorable!
44 peace. The only w.wr that can close the war '
is the p'jWer that made it, that of the Sove
" reign States, an 1 the States can speak "autho
4 ritativcly only in Convention."
Here is a call upon a particular class an
active appeal to an especial inteicst, an un
qualified ignoiiug of the Confederate Govern
ment and an explicit call for separate State !
action. !
1'jtween the oOth of December and the
Gt;i ol' January, as can readily be proved, Dr. j
J. T. Leach, the member el-ct to ('onies
lrotn the 3rd District, who lives in Johnston
county, was several times in Raleigh, and
ahvajjj visited at the ufficeol Mr. llolden. On
the 12th of January Mr. Holden published
the proceedings of a meeting held in G)aU
District, Juhnst n county, and announced the t
ii.uiuiii'uj hi uj iu;iiii itoir. in loot; iiuu ti-
pressioii." He also announced that thee
resolutions were prepared by Dr. Leach, who
he said look an active part in the meeting.
The proceedings of that meeting recited a pre
amble as follows :
"Whereas, The alarming and fearful ten
dency of the Confederate Government towards
a military despotism by the enactment of
tmjust and oppressive laws, to citizens is jut
cause of comphdnt : o
44 W"S"ived, That North Carolinaas a sove
" reign and independent S'ate has a right to
" consult the present good, and future happi
" ncsa of her ciiiz i:s, and when she is forced
" to choose between a military despotism and
44 her State sovereignty, for the good of her
4 people she will choose the latter by a con
4viition of her citizens."
In Mr. Holden's pap-rr of th?. same lat
inentior.ed ilate, was published a communica
tion from the sr.me Dr. Leach whom Mr.
llolden hail applauded which communica
tion was entitled 44 Whom the Gods would
destroy they hsr made mad' This commu
nication was intended to go out as an expla
nation of the meaning of the resolutions and
preamble, in order to afford a cue to the
initiated in the further progress of the agita
tion. Iu that communication there is this
startling enunciation
" There is a, point beyond which forbearance
44 ceases to be a virtue, and North Carolina, as
" regards her obligations uuder the Confed
' erate compact, aud her duty to her citizens,
44 has reached that point, and it now behooves
44 herfrceborn people to stand up in the defence
" of their inalienable rights. It is a fearful
44 struggle for life and property on the one hand,
44 and for civil and religious liberty on the other.
44 The reckless legislation of Congress, etidorsed
44 by the President, audi the mghty strides now
44 making towards a military despotism, admit
44 of no delay. Nations, like families, are held
,.,. !..: . f a ' 1 . !
together by duty and interest ; if one fails to
discharge their duty, the others are released
44 frcm the discharge of theirs. She
44 (North Carolina) made a virtue of necessity.
44 and coalesced against her interests with those
" w ho are now fastening the chains of military
44 despotism upon her. She now claims
44 the fulfillment of the terms of that compact,
41 or the right to depart in peace.'
Thus Mr. llolden published to the world
this treasonable denunciation ia which, af
ter stigmatizing our Government as a viola
tor of its obligations, a military despotism
which had failed m the discharge of its doty,
and with which we coalesced trom necessity
hut against our interest the author proceeds
to advise a cessation of forbearance, aod an
immediate standing upon the defensive in a
fearful struggle about to be commenced for
life and property, for civil and religious liber
ty all against our own government the
claim to secede being deliberately set up.
And Mr. Hohlen give his endorsement
to this vi-!;' d and .traitorous communication
by withholding reprobation by compli
menting its author by establishing political
afrilia'ion with him and in the sune paper
by recon:mei.dinT uber counties to 44 follow
the example of our Johnston friends" ba
ling this recommendation ui his assertion that
the 44 cor.sMttnional Tights of the people are
' in darker, and unless the people should
' come to the rescue, they may be entirely
"swept away. Now is the time for action."
Mr. llolden thus combined wi:h the leading
malcontents in an open, avowed hostility to
eur Government. If closed its columns upon
the acts of the enemy. It kept them open
for attatks on our own Government in all
its departments and it thus advised, instiga
ted and inaugurated the agitation in North
Carolina, whose end would be, if unchecked, to
jiive the State over into tht hands of the ene
my. YVe shall follow up the acts of Mr. Hol
drn to their legitimate consequences as far as
they have gne, and we hope to be able, if his
cyrs an; not blinded t-junfold even to his
view, the enormity of the danger he is invo
king upon bio country if he sin-ceed ou him
self and his coadjutors if there is strength
enough to ensure his failure.
The Confederate Prisoners.
We hail with joy the prospect of a speedy
exchange of our prisoners and their return
from th i r long confinement. All the laud
will welcome hese sufferers home. They
fought bravely .".nd only yielded to the mis
fortunes of war. We gather .from the Rich.
inond Sentinel some idea of the hardships,
trials, tortures and temptations to which they
have been exposed. Tr.ty have been enured in
loathsome prison-houses they have suffered
from hunger and nakedness have been obliged
to lie down in filth and tquallor have been
I erne down by wounds and disease 'depressed
by harsh threatenings of a protracted confine
ment have been tempted by promises of
pardon and freedom from further serviae.
But in all, and through all, they have re
mained firm and unshaken their constancy
has never faltered their patriotism never
flagged. In Yankee journals they have seen
whole columns taken from papers published
at their own homes, in which their Govern
ment was abused for all that was vile and des
potic, and their manly hears have sunk in
shame, as their Yankee keepers have jeered
them with these evidences of disaffection and
disloyalty. But their noble natures have stood
up, and with unshaken devotion they waited
through the night for the coming dayt now
piercing with the ere of an unflinching faith,
through the 'gloom-cloud to the bright star
beyond. Neither threats,- promises, bribes,
cruelties or disease have swerved them from
duty and patriotism. In the language of the
Sentinel, they deserve a cherug welcome at
the hands of their countrymen.
Eight hundred and twenty privates and
sixty-two officers have arrived in Richmond
from Point Lookout, for exchange, in accor
dance with the cartel of July, 1863 ; aud
there is reason to hope, that this is the begin
ning of a general exchauge.
We are frequently asked if it can bo pos
sible that Mr. Holien will be Governor of
North Carolina? We answer If our cause
prospers; No. But if Lincoln subjugates our
people U' for then, 44 They will fall by
the sword they will become a portion for
roxEs." Psalm 63, 10. '
Public attention is called to the Card of
Rev. John N. Audrews, in this paper, calling
lor Books, &c, for the 4 Soldiers Reading
Room," at Smith ville, N- C. For so kindly a
work, surely all will respond who can. Mr.
Andrews will be in this city for two or three
days, and any Books sent to this office will be
handed over to him.
The Lock ville Mining and Manu
facturing Company. This Company was
organized in Ralfigh on the 8th instant, by
the election as Directors of Messrs. J. M.
Heck, W. J. Hawkins, W. S. Downer,
Thomas Webb, B. T. Williamson, Kemp P.
Battle and Orlando Shay.
At a meeting of Directors subsequently held,
Col. J M. Heck was elected President, and
B. F. Williamson, Treasurer.
Rumors of More Captures. The Peters
burg Express of Monday, says : Rumors of
a very pleasant character were rife on the t
streets of Petersburg Saturday and yesterday.
One was in effect, that Gen. Matt Ransom had
succeeded in marching his brigade to Deep
Creek, Nortolk, and thus gained the rear of
the enemy's camps at Bowers Hill, midway
between Suffolk and Portsmouth, and captur
ed some 600 of the vandals, including many
negroes. We have do means of ascertaining
the truth of these reports, bat we are satisfied
that at a late hour yesterday afternoon no
confirmation of them had been received iu
official circles here. It is generally known
here, and among the Yankees too, of coime,
that our forces have occupied Suffolk for sev
everal days past. Up to Saturday they had
not been disturbed, but our pickets, several
miles beyond Suffolk, are said to hare been
driven back some distance Thursday night.
We are unadvised of the intention of our offi
cers, but that there is some wise end to serve
by this advance movement, is txyond a deubt,
and it will doubtless be developed at an early
day.
European News.
A late at rival brings London dates to the
19th ult.
THK WAR IN DENMARK.
The Prussians continued their eperations
against the entrenchments at Duppe!, but
the thaw retard-d the movement of their
heavj artillery, and delayed attack. It was
slated the Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia
will command ihe attack
It is asserted at Rendshtirg that the Prus
sian comroaeder has summoned the Dnes to
evacuate Duppel, and the Island of Alsen,
givm very short dHay ; failing to comply,
the Prussian atmy would immediately occpy
Jutland.
The Dane s were strentheuing the defences
of Duppel aud Alsen.
LATEST, VIA LOJfDONDERY.
Loj?D N, Feb 19. An attack upon Duppel
by the Prussian and African forces is immi
nent ; but no news of its commencement has
yet been received. It is stated that the place
si defended by forty thousand Danes.
THE WAR IN SCHLESWIG.
Copenhagen, Feb, 18. 8 o'clock P. M.
The Danish monitor iron-clad Krallkrake has
attacked Engensund. They attempted to de
stroy the bridges erected by the Austro
Prussians in the Braager peninsular, but
could not get near enough to do so, owing to
the shallow water. She fired seventy-two
shots and the German batteries fired one
hundred aud fifty. O.ic shot went through
her funnel.
The Germans drove tT(e Danish pickets
from the Stvndrur and Nubell woods. The
D "lies subsequently ralMed in force, when
the Germans retired without offering resis
tance. The position of the Germans in Braager
laral is very dangerous.
- The Great Eastern has heen so'd to j, new
company, for ninety-five thousand poui'ds.
Parliamentary proceedings on the 17th un
important. The Confederate loan haa further advanced
to 5456.
The rate of interest has been reduced by
the B ink of England from eight to seven per
cent.
At Liverpool on the 10th, American cottou
firm ; other qualities some decline.
Breadsiulls Flour hoavy and tending
do ward. Wheat quiet and steady at Tues
day's rates. Corn dull and unchanged.
FRANCE.
It is stated that the arrangements for the
departure of the Archduke Maximilian for
Paris, en route to Mexico, are complete.
The Jiecue des Ducx Mondes contends that
France and England lose by want of co-operation,
and urges the restablishment of an
- active alliance to avert the catastrophe which
menaces Denmark.
The &iede (Liberal organ) demands the
support of France for Denmark, so shamefully
abandoned by England.
It is stated that the Moniteur has been pro
hibited publishing Prince Napoleon's anti-English
speech at the Suez canal celebration.
8PAIN.
The Spanish Government has chartered sev
eral steamers to convey four thousand troops
to reinforce the army of the Antilles.
MEXICO.
. The cotton trade at Mafamorss is represen
ted as of growing importance.
The Urge English houses in Liverpool and
Manchester have now commenced to send
their ships with supercargoes to Matamoras.
where they discharge the cargo and await
their eg t ton, which is brought the following
way: A clerk or supercargo leaves Eng
land two or three months before the ship,
and goes on horseback to Eagle Pas and
from there to San Antonia, Texas. In San
Antonia or another Place in Texas he buys
the cotton, engages the mules aud trains,
and the cotton starts for Mexico; mule-trains
ati'ive commonly in thirty or thirty-five days
Cotton is between five and six cents per pound
in Texas, but fifty percent. h:s to be paid
extra as ti.x to the Confederate States Gov
ernment. The Confederate Government sup
ports the trade in every way, but no train is
allowed to goon the road below Loredo, for
fear it might fall in the hauds of the Northern
troops. Wiih all expenses a pound of cot
. ton in Matamoras comes to twenty-one or
twenty-five cents, but is worth in the place
thirty-five. Sir.ce January, 1806 about eighty
or eighty-five thousan t bales of cotton have
beeu shipped from here.
A pound of cotton sent to Liverpool, after
being preyed shipped, aod every expense
paid, will cost thirty-six to forty cents.
A Gallant and Daring Advekture
The 44 Mississippian " gives the following ac
count of a daring descent on Island 7G by
Captain Evans' scouts :
Capt. Evaus' souts, commanded by Lieut.
Gallaher consisting of eleven men made a
mo-t desperate and daring descent on Island
76, opposite Bolivar, capturing the steamer
4 Guilliam". and crew, ogether with thirty
five white men and fifty contrabands and sev
eral mules and horses ; also the arrant traitor,
Col. Millford, who has been in command of
the island for some time, which had become
a general rendezvous for runaway negroe.
The manner of tneir proceedings were as
followg : Sergeant Robert Lee 'with five men
procuieda skiff on-the night of the 3d aod
crossed over to the island, where they laid in
ambush until daylight, a d then surprised
and captured the steamer 4Guilliam" and
crossed their prisoners and captured property
ou the boat.
While embarking four Federal transports
loaded with troops passed within pistol shot,
but our gallant scouts remained as cool and
unconcerned aa though it was an every day
occurrence.
Never Eat Supper "Reflect, my breth
ren exhotted a chaplain, "that whosoever
falls today in battle saps to night iu Para
dise.' The fight began, the ranks wavered,
the chaplain took to his his heels, when a
soldier stopping him, reproachfully referred
him to tiie promised supper in paradise.
"True, my friend, true," said the chaplain,
"but I never eat supper."
The Richmond Enquirer of Monday, says:
The bidy of Dahlgren has been brought to
Richmond for the parpose t f identifying ii as
that of the officer upon whom was found the
papers ordering the murder of the civil offi
cers of the Government aud the burning and
sacktna cf the city of Richmond. What is
to ho dene with the officers and men of this
fJahigrcn command? Are they prisoners of I
war 7 If they are to oc rcgardt-d as pris 'tiers
of war, then the deliberate" murder of civil
officers, the burning of cities, the di-fiohor and
murder of womn,are ali acts of legitimate
wrar. Is the Confederate Government pre
pared to assume such a position ? Art? our
peop'e willing to be ,plac?d in such a positi
tioti ? Can wo deliberately countenance th
arson, fijf rtiJlaearsd murder set forth and
ordered ' y .these commands of Dahlgren as
the legitimate acts of warfare?
What would have been the condition of
Ri htnond this day, one week ago, had Dahl
green succeeded ? Imagine ten to twelve thou
sand brutal soldiers released from captivity,
inflamed with liquor, ar d burning with lust,
turned loose with arms in their bands, with
out officers to restrain their violence and no
excited imagination is required to pictur e the
smoking ruins, ihe dishonored women, and f
the murdered men of Richmond Won VI that
have been a legitimate act of war? No man,
not even the Yankee, will contend that lawful
war has any such horrors. These men are,
therefore, not prisoners of war, but, are land
pirates, whose destruction is the duty of those
having them in possession.
By immediately executing them we relieve
our enemy cf all suspicion of complicity with
the brutal purpose f these wretches. If the
Washington authorities choose to make this
act their own by avowing it, choose to bring
upon themselves the disgrace of sustaining
such in outrage, it should make no difference
with the Confederate authorities. But the
Washington Government will not :rvow it ;
they will be thankful to escape correspondence
about the matter. No government would be
quick to array itself as the insjtigator of arsn,
murder, rape and pillage. The public opinion
of the world will justify us if we execute'
them ; but if we do not the worli will ao ept
can- action as proper, since we a Ion? are inter
ested. ,
We therefore txpect the authorities to or
der the . immediate execution of the officers
and men of Dahlgreen's command.
A young man has been caught stealing let
ters from the Pst Office at Raleigh. We
wish they could now catch the fellow that
prevents the Raleigh papers from reaching
this place regularly. Charlotte Demoerat.
There is more than one but we are after
thein. and expect to catch them atthier trick
in le-s than a week.
Yankee Prisoners. The Petersburg Ex
press of Monday, says eleven Yankee prison
ers nnd ore free negro, captured by Gen. Ran
som's forces between South Mills and Nor
folk, on Tuedaylast, reached this city yes
terday via Weldon The prisoners belong to
the 5th Pennsylvania Cavalry, and were taken
Liu a slight skirmish which ensued on the ad
vance of the Confederate forces. 1 wo "Buffa
loes" were also captured at the same time,
but left in Weldon. The skirmish, we un
derstand, occurred some eight t.r ten miles of
Norfolk. The prisoners, among whom was
ot e Lieutenant, were lodged in the guard
house on Bank stroet, and wiil probably be
sent to Richmond tu-.day.
No More Insults to Richmond. Gen.
Bragg has determined to order fifteen hundred
cavairy to tie permanently stationed around
Richmond. Such a force, picketing the roads,
will effeetually pr tect the city from the in
sults of the raids, as well as the country from
their injuries. Such a cavalry force in front
of a raiding party, wtll always cluck them,
untl the cavalry from Gen. Lee's army can
come up.
Such a f roe has alrraj's has been wanted
here and tho fat that no cavalry was-p-Tuia-nently
attached to the R chmond -defences,
has eneouraged ths enemy in making these
raids. The presence of these fifteen hundred
cavtlry will relieve us from raiding parties.
If General II unpton with his 44 six hun
dred," eould, blown and exhausted by hard
travel from Fredericksburg, overtake, and
capture so many, what damage wou'd fifteen
hundred fresh cavalry have done under such
a leader 1EnqttLcr.
From the New York Times
Newbern, N. C , Feb. 24. Major-General
Ptck, since his return, has been busily engage!
in making a rigid inspection of all the fortifi
cations of the department. He lias received
reliable intelligence of the enemy's intention
to make another effort to dispossess us of our
possessions iu Eastern North Carolina, with
the assistance of three rebel iron-clads, plated
ten inches thick, which are nearly ready to
move simultanvously down the Neuse, Roanoke
aod Tar rivers.
Gen. Peck is taking measures to impede the
progress of toe iron-clads. which purpose mov
ing conjoinUy with land forces on our three
most important points on those rivers New
bern, Plymouth and Washington.
It appears to be the impression both within
and outside of our lines, that Virginia is to
to be evacuated, and the battle ground is to
be transferred to North Carolina. Hencethe
desire of the enemy to make a formidable and
desperate effort to obtain possession of this
productive portion of tie State and its exten
sive water comcfluhications before reinforce
ments can arrive for us.
The presence of an additional number of
formidable gunboats, and a small increase to
our present force, which Gen. Peck is anxious
to obtain, will make the enemy's efforts fruit
less, and turn the existing conditional CD-operation
mentioned in our favor.
Morgan. It is said that Gen. Morgan is
about to undertake one of the boldest expe
ditions he has ever yet made, which, if suc
cessful, will be productive of great good to
our cause.
The President has commissioned three pri
vates as officers, for gallantry at the battle of
Chickamauga.
For The Confederate,
Soldiers' library and Reading Boon.
To the Citizen of North Carolina ;
At a meeting held by the Soldiers of Fort
Pender, Smithville, N. C, he undersigned
was requested to act as Agent to procure clo
nal ions of Books and money for the csUhliwh
mentof a Cibculatiko Liosart and Read
ing Rom at that place.
Such a work must certainly commend itself
to your brans, and can need r.o arguments
fmni me. A few simple facts will suffice, viz:
The defence o the month of the Capo Fear,
consist of not less than seven fortifica iotis
within a radius of nine miles, all named for
distinguished North Carolina soldiara, ami
under command of Brigadier Gen. Hubert, to
whom they report dly at Fort Pender. The
.number of troops it is not proper to state.
They are mostly young men, wht) would read
and caltivate their intellects, if they had the
mean?. But. they cannot buy books aud
papers on the slender pay of a soldier, nor
have they access to them in any other way.
These young men are not only our thftnders
now, but they are to be our hope and strength
after we have gained our independence. They
are to take part in the affairs of a j-reat nation.
If they lose the habits of study and reading
and become d moralized and brutalised, what
hope have we for them in the future?
They have time, and want booksand shall
they ask you for the means of improviug their
moral and intellectual culture and will vlui re
fuse ?
Iu ti e name of your soldiers. I beg you to
go to yonr libraries and e!ect such as you can
snare of the best R-;lirious. Historical. Bio
graphical, or Scientifiie works, arid send thun.
T)., t... I . r it I
x .tnoi.s in i nure iies a?e rcspec: luuy reqnolotl
to aid in ibis good work. All money sent bv
Expt ess to the subscriber at Goldsboro', and
packages of b.oks to 44 Sildtc;f Library,"
Fort Pender, care Capt. C. W. Styrcn, Quar
termaster, YVilmingfor, N. C. will be thank
fully received and acknowledged. Newspa
pers donating copies will ple se direct to
Soldiers' Reading Room," Fort Pender,
Smithville, N. C.
JNO N. ANDRE VS.
Gen Miss. D,-p't. LVpo Fear.
The Press of the State will please copy.
A Warniku to HoADEits. A late Yankee
paper says au expedition recently sent up the
Chowan rivi r, North Carolina, destroyed fifty
thousand pounds of bacon. Another recent
raid up the same mer resulted in th" destine
tion ui t'uicc hundred thousand pounds, in
tddition to ' other suppl'e The expedition
of Smith and Grieison in Northcru Missis
sippi, though a splouded failure in its chief
obj ct, was attended, as the Yankee claim,
with gr ater results than those up the Ch-nvau
river.
home of th? MwTcrcrs by lhee raids are
probably those who have hoarded up . what
they dia not need for their own use., and
turned a deaf ear Jo the wants of .th? country.
It is a source of son;e consolation, under tin
circ rn Unees, to reflect Unt i!Mr se'tlilnies
has receive 1 its proner reward.
Narrow Escape of G ex. II x danp Staff.
The Columbia Ctrolioiaa le-ri:s, that while
en. route to D.il ton, a collision took plice b
twrtn the cars on one of lh lo.tds, which
killed a whiiH woo-vm, br-ke s-.-vi r sl .srois and
legs, 'and sot.isiit'd one or t . o carriages. Geo.
H mmI wa .sii da! y iiijurL Major Hamilton,
of C 'luiiibiaf ";:it hims'if su id-n!v acuido
oi the ftove, v:th his hut in m p tt-.r-er, pipe
in aru.t'.er, with ; !.. iumatrs of th- car lung
arcund Ioc- 0
We are informed th t Mrs. Muniford, wifa of
Win. II. Mumford, wio was murdered by Hut
ler in New Oilcans, is iu this city, with her
three children, an is stopping at the Planters'
Hotel. She is ou her way to llichniond. Aug
Chronicle.
It will be rcmerr.hcred that Mumford jerked
d '.v:i and tcrs up the first U. S. flag; that
raised in New Orleans after the Yankees took
possession cf th"city. For doing this, he was
hung by Deast Butler. Mumtord was a natire
of North Curolitu, and we hope if any of oifr
soldiers ever get hold of Butler they will hang
him without a moment's delay. Char. Dcm.
Confederate OSlccrs Kcturncd.
The following is a list of the officers who
arrived in Richmond on
-Sunday
afternoon
from Point Lookout :
Colonels J K G.rmely, 53th N C; J How
ar l Smith, 5th Ky; W S Christian, 55th Va ;
llobt Budock, 7th Fi'jrid--4.
Lieut Colonels John Critcher, 15th Va
Cavalry ; S II Boyd, 45th N C ; R E Burke, 2J
Li; II A Carrington, 18th Va 4.
MijorsJ C Davi;. 17th Tenn ; J A Blair,
2d Miss; R J purr. SOth Miss ; W K Beunctt,
Staff Department C S A ; C C Blacknall, 23d
N C 5.
Coptmns B II Miller, SOth Ga ;B L Brid
ges, 2d Ga Cavalry: Little, James Whit
taker, 47th Ala; J B Cloud, IGdi Ark ; M V
Collum, 39th Miss ; W C Clybura, 7th S C:
J P Lee, A G Dspt ; R D Anderson, Hankins,
Teun Art ; W M Boyd, 19th Va ; J W Bla-k-burn,
14'h Atk ; J B Brown, 5th Va Cavalry ;
D Bcli;4th N C; J C A Bell, 22J Ga; W
M Berkeley. 8:h Va ; J U Buchanan 2d Mis ;
D G Alexander, od Tenn ; J F Ai derson, lGih
Va Cavalry 18.
First Lieutenants JT Andrews, 23d Ark;
Joseph Anderson, 15th Ark; J J Ashe, 11th
Miss; Amos Anderson, 2d Texas Cavalry;
WM Caudle, 10th Ark ; F M Bledsoe, 11th
Ga; W II Brysou,62d N C; S E Belk, 53d
N C; J C Warren. 521 MC; D F Goodlow,
18?h Miss ; J T Boughn, 5oth Va; Wm Reed,
Gilmer's Cavalry ; W W Brown, 4th Texas;
R W Adams, 5th Fla., S F Adams, 44th N C
15.
Second LieultnatUs S S Armttrong, 5th
Tenn Cavilry ; N D 'Adams, 1st Ala; V W
Apperso.'i, 5th Texas; A G Archer, 12th Ark;
J D Perkins, 21st Fla : G N Nixo., 32rl N C ;
J R Bowhs, 12th S C: J R Crawford, 46th
Ala ; N C Hobbs, 1st Va Cavalry ; J T Miller,
38th Va 12.
At Fortress Monr they were informed
'that Kil pat tick had takeu Richmond, burned
the city and huag the President aull his cabinet.
TFor The Confederate.
Messrs. Editors: The parablo of the ten
talents, by which our Saviour iltmtmted th
accountability of man to hi Miker for hi
precious gifu of reasei i attt intellect. vhh ,
dtstincnisSi him from and !eve him ah .v
the hi ute creation, h noe ef those instrnctiT
lessor with which tht teachings if ut L -r l
are replete. That imr-tble v;U as well i t
leference to those who bury thtir talents be
neath the rubbish of inactivity and slothful ness,
as to thoje who misapply it. Indeed, of tn
two classes, the hitler urn uiui.mhtedly the
more reproluib!e. Both hivo their illus
itations in holy writ the former by the light
ed 'aud e pu uuder a buh-l the latter in
tK wicked ntid unfiiil character r mi Ais
lom. How many lighted ran. Res are ther
among us in this dark hour of our c ttMrv'
ttial, which a e n.t under a bushel 7 Alas!
but tni many. Men, whom God ha endowed
with intellect and caoaeity, eminently fittin-r
them to be lights and guides amid the aur
rounding gloom, what are they doing ? Why
is hot thoir v icc heaid ringing highab v
the uproar e'f faction, exhorting to unity and
increased energy for th sanation of the
State ? Histt.ry and Tradition will hand down
such men to posteri ty . as mi worthy of the
times in which they lived, and God. in thu
great day, will i-xict of them a strict a
court of. the talents buried iu a time of their
country's nrcd.
Agvi.i, I wilt ask, how many aro there
nnio'ijr us whoso ligh, not hid utidra hu.h I,
on IVing used to inlhme at d destroy the fair
fabric founded by statesmen, aud consented
by tht; blol of heroes nod pit not'.'
Surely Gtl "ill d m ind of stub a t-trict no
conn ability of the intfHppoe ision of his pre
cious gifts. It is not for living man to jme
tra! beyond tlie vale that yep irate tie pres
et. t from th futnr", j ml roil thedoim 1'
those who have Wen 'n!s to God, t them
selves and their country : hut it i sulli i-ntly
indi.Mied iu the pirabL ni-tred to. y th
light of histon , v.e may as-trt iiti tin late of
such iu this li c, and it is my putpovj to ad
vert to two case" olio iu anchmt, and the
other in modern nines.
L':e ins Sergius Citaliue. was .i H unan of i
noble family, who foiined the d si 411 of de
stroying the Senate, as.isina'ing the c'i.Mi1
sez'ng the public treasmy, saiinx ln l
R tii', nt.d usurping sovca-igu power, lit
urdc- to prosecute this dcsii, Claline ass--elated
in his plot som young noblemen, whom
he prevailed upon, if is said, t-o drink huai tn
blood as a pledg'j of their union. Thiv eon.
spir.t'-y however. w:i d Hoovered by 1 L vig -lance
of Cicero, who wa consul ut th li
It was exceedingly difficult to K-izo ihv per
son . fono who had oIdier at his comma :d
both iu and out of ll-toC.Rio! more dilhculr,
wool 1 it be to prove his guilt before thon
who wie accomplices with Ut, or, t lea.-t,
Were willing to m ike usa of his pViu nerve
their own interest. He h id to.ch' 00 bct Arcn
twouvils . revolution nitliio the city, or a
ir 1 wir! He preferred the I Uter. CHlii:H
had the boldue-s to take hissiv.t ill the S' titr,
oi. :is ho w:is to be tht etinv of the l!o
men Sta'e. Cicero then rosy at.J delivircd
that hold ration against him which nas the,
me.i'is of saving Rome, ly driving CaUlimj
I nun the city. Having raised an amir, he
fou.-ht with valor against iVtreius, hctton
ant to Ano.ny, Cicero's c dlea;r!ij in t o eon
MiWiiji lu this bat'le, Cat-ilinc was def a'c.i
ai.d l iiltd
S i h was the: L-e of o;.e who, endowed bv
hi- rn -tker w tth many talents, ihoox! rather
to u-i-vipt ly them, than use th-to to iht ! . ry
of (ini ;.ud toe b tCUt of hi.s kind. I wiil
now !iim to a mo'c modcro instance of au
abue of heaven', are .-l, r;clu.t gifts-.
B -nedlct Arnold waj au oflioer iu tho war
of American Independence. He was Lru in
C'niiecri'jut. cng tged with 7-o.i; iu the cause,
of his countrymen, and rose to be a Riigadh r
General. He was appointed, after a wound
in 4 he leg. to the command of Phihidelpiiia,
where his conduct was sirh, that h vva trM
by a Court Martial in 1773, and repri li ituhd.
On this lie nvogi.ed his eo'nmi.sion, an 1 t -jM-a.s
frotu that thn to hnv entered o:j tiuj
di.-!."irir.nble schnne for which he ia chielly
reuieinbei'il tii .t of betr.iyitig his country.
Alter his escape to the B'itiMi, he held th
same rank he; had, held in the American army,
and was employed iti Virginia aud Connecti
cut, in both of which he committed great de
vastation, especially in Ins native Province
After the su. render of Gunwallis at York
Town, ht; went t) England, but was only
partially rewarded for hist treachery by tin,
payment of $C,C00. His position waahuiuili 1
ti:;g, fr nearly every unuavoideel him with
dhgut arid horror, and he' was repeatedly iu
suited. He died in utter obscurity ai Lou
don 1801.
Such is, the brief sketch rf one, of whom
it has been said, that Washington, although
he could not respect the private character,
was even the first to acknowledge and defend
the public ability Thus, Messrs. E lhors, I
have cited two remarkable instance of t)io
perversion of those talents which God com
mits to our care aud use. I cite thorn, not
for thek purpose of illustrating the character
of anyone in our midst for 1 rincerely trust
ihere is none such but as u warning to tho-e,
whom God has endowed with faculties fr
great good or great evil, not to mijapnly them,
but so to us? them, that when they shall com.')
to give an account of them, they may hear
pronounced the pleasing words, 44 wall dine,
theu true and faithful servant." P.
FcoM Bklow. By the train from Ivor yes
terday afternoon, we learned that our forces,
which have been occupying Suffolk for sever
al days past, have roturued to their old quar
ters on the Blackwatcr, having accomplished
all they intended or expected by their advance.
They left Suffolk Saturday uight and it was
occupied by four companies o? Yankee cava4
ry Suuday morning. Two gunboats cafne up
the river and snchorcd at the wharf daring
the etay Sunday.
The rumor that General Ransom had occu
pied Bowers' llill, seems noto have been cor
rect. But without doubt ho has done a -good
work iu the vicinity of South Mills and on
the Duuial Swanip Canal, a full report of
which we are expecting soon to receive. A
tcrtburg Express.