THE CONFEDERATE.
WKDSKSDAT, FEBttUAilY 1, 1865.
No thin1 iiig man, w! o will cst his eyrs
attentively -vcr the whole fold of passiu
events, cjm fail to perc ive tha wc have at
length arr'.vtd at a c:i is iu our afhiirs. A
p jint of time has crae from which we are
about to take a new departure; uthcrto con
duct this war, in which wc are crgag' d, with
reLcwed v?g r and energy, with the unpon
quercd determination to achieve the independ
ence of the southern republic", "paramount
to the desirs for peace, an.l all other com-ide
rations whatsoever; or, with the longing fr
peace and ee so dangerously developed, as
to overshadow all the aims and obj c's tiith
which we set out in the beginning of this
struggle.
Events are tearfully rapid, in their quick
puccestion, in all revolutions ;but in the very
acme of the fierce itrug;!es which accompany
theso npheavings i f a great nition, thpy fol
low one anoiher with such ftartlin rapidity
that the wisJon. of to-day, become the foMy
of to-morrow, and men growing l:wilJer. d are
temptal, cither to fold th?ir I; an h, aod yield
themselves entirely to the p vcr of the pre
vailing current, or to indulge in rash resolves
and intemperate ac'ion, to relieve themselves
from their itate of p.ioful uncertainty.
It is foolish it is worse than fo;lu-h it is
criminal, at such a time a? this, to recur t
the past history of our revolution for tho
purpose of indulging in criminilbn or reenm
ii atioc, or of gratifying person il spite or po
litical auiinositv ; we have no tine for these
now ; we mu?t meet the crisis that is upon ms
wiu tho organizili n we now have, however
defective it may be, aud however dhtasteful
to individuals ; it is madness r.nd treason to
disorganized our only availali!n force, when
the fierce shock of battle has already legun ;
grievances must be redressed, and abases Cor
rected after the immediate necessity that U
upou us is past. But il is tf?Wow, to rour
to the pist, when the object in view is, to
ascertain what were tho opiuicrs wi ich all
entertained, and the views vchich wo all em
braced, when the min Is of most cf us were
not so much clouded by our passions and our
fears, nor our actons s much influenced by
cur past and present sufferings, and the whirl ,
cf pairing events, as they necessarily are at
the pieseat time. It is wisdom to, 1 ok back '
into our past, to see if wc cannot disjver
some initial pciat of time, when there were
some general principles upon which all
wore aged, from which none can dissent,
which, at the inception of this slrupg'e in
fused M.ch a spirit of resistance into our peo
ple, as made them proof against the bUudish
ments of political tricksters, and kindled
such a fire of patriotism in their hearts, as
made, the measure of Ih r boucty to the
Govtrr.mont, the extent of their possession
ard the onset of our sol hers in battle, like
the thunder-bolt of a God. Esptcially is it
wite, to recur to these principles, when we
now fh.d in North Cartlina, that cur coun
sels are divided, our aims antagonistic the cno
to the other, and cur intellectual strength,
and physical resources wait tec, in ii.tostine
dissensions , in which vietory is without glory
and defeat without ronsol Umd.
When this State Grst decided to throw her
self intj the conflict, which is now devasta
ting this goodly land, all men were agreed in
two thing : we had differed, and widely dif
fered, as to the reasons why we should leave
the o'd Union ; we had 'differed in our judg
ment, upon the States that preceded us in
I heir action ; we had differed as to the time
when we ought to move, and as to the manner
in which the severance wns to be effected
but all men in North Carolina, at the time
when we did act, were agreed, that now, at
l ist, tho hour had come when it was our dufy
to s par ate from the Northern States : and
that this severance, then effected, was final,
and that it ought to be eternal. It is a diver
gence from these two simple doctrines it is
a departure from the idea of the permanency
of the dissolution the bonds which united us
in the old government, "which some profess
ing, have erred from the faith" that is now
retarding our success, and damaging our
cause, more than the army of Sherman, or
the iron clads of Porter. It Is useless to deny
that there is a party and a growing party in
our midst, that is willing to accept less than
independance at the hands of the United
Htates, as the price of peace. A reconstruc
tion cf the old union is shamelessly proposed
by some of our presses, and the hook is so
temptingly baited with the prospect of im
mediate peace, that men, suffering as we are
from the many and monstrous evils of a
long and bloody war, can scarcely refrain
from swallowing it. The greater the crime,
the more awful the responsibiHty of those
who entertain and encourage such view.
It is not our purpose here to urge, the un
numbered ills that lurk within any, even the
most promising proposition for a reconstruction
with the Northern States. Yk v&th hae be
come a proverb among nations, from t time
that the haughty Bremus cast his weighty
sword into the trembling sealo at Rome. But
te say to all who dream, or think, or hint, or
speak of reconstruction with the dominions of
Abraham Lincoln, as desirable, cr even possible,
nnder any cirenmstaaces. Tou did not think
so once. Time was, on the verge of this awful
struggle, in whic we are engaged, when yen
thought and said, with ns, that the separation
wastfnoZ, and must be sternal. If yon were
mistaken them, with all the horrid conse
quences of your mistake full before you how
can we trust you now ? A mistake at such a
time is not an error, it is a crime. Give us. back
our dead. Gather the bleaching hones that lie
acattertd from Pennsylvania) to Texas, knit
them together into the manly forms they once
made up, and infuse upon them the glorious
glow of manly strength and youth they occesus-f
guned. Strip away the trapping of woe that
envelop the fireside of every housbold in the
land, and make the orphan's and widow's heart
to sing for joy. Rebuild the happy homesteads,
i throughout this desolated land, where cluster
.11 .1 . 1 .'--;-. r rl lili-tnminer Vif DPS
an 1 11c u&ppj uioauucD tu p 1
that hung around cur boyish days. . Ccver
with springing graes -end laughing corn the
naked fields, whose solitary garment now, is
but the glorious gloom that hangs around
the hillocks where our heroes sleep. Give us
what can you give us, that .will compensate fur
the carkinjcares, the fierce and fiery anguish,,
the bitter brooding glocm, that have witheted
many a buruar, heart to ashes, since your last
mistake ! With these gifts extended in the one
hand, then msy you perhaps dare to offer us.
with the other, a peace, which must be pur
chased by a continued association, with a race,
whose very name has become a by word anl a
reproach amotg nations.
What cause existed at the beginning of this
war, to justify us ia separating from the
Northern Stat-a, which does not exist in ten-
fold force now. to irr.pel us to continue thif
sep if atioo ? tlow many causes, for a sepa
rate ind-peudance, has the fiiry furnace of
the struggle developed, which did not exist,
when it begun? Surely, there is jtome truth in
our'theo.-y of popular governments; Surely
reason hs not fhid to brutish beasts. Surely
tho hopes of the w rid, founded upon the idea
that the people are capable of sol govern
ment ; which in this new world we have
cherished for so many years, does not rest
upon some fatal mistake in the estimate of
human nature. We hope, we trust, nay we
believe, that the people of this great State,
though wrurg with suffering, though 1 de
pressed by reverses though oppressed by the
hardships which all wars drag in their train,
carnot be p'ersuaded, to accept a recor.struc
tion of the old union, or of any new one, as
the cure for all their ills. Wc trust to them
to recognize any such proposition, "no matter
in what disguise they meet it; whether as a
direct proposition, or in the gnise of separate
State action to procure peace, or in the more
plausible, though not less dangerous shape,
of the call of a Convention of this State or of.
all the States in order-that the popular Toice
may be heard in this emergency of our affairs
i Surely in vain the net is spread ia the sight
of ar;y bird.
It requires no courage to be braveup on
paper. Defiance is eisy wheu distant dangers
threaten us. It demands no fortitude to
bear the ills that fall 10 the lot of others.
When clanger i n 1 suffcrri: g are at our own
doors, the tije cne, that truly tests what
Biuff mou ar made of. Vfe never escape
dangers by shutting our eyes to their exis
tence, or tnle.ivoring to shirk them ; it is the
part of brave men as well as of wise enes, to
acknowledge their existence, to look them
firmly in the face, to estimate calmly their
extent, to proloundly consider tb.9 power aud
extent of our means of resistance and then
decide upon a coarse of action. It is there
fore the part of wisdom as well as of manli
ness, to aim;t boldly and unequivocally,,
that a time of great trial appears to have ar
rived in the history of this Confederacy ; a
time of peculiar trial, to the nerve, and endu
rarc? of this State, seems to be : a ir at hand.
Fort Fisher his fallen; there can be little
doubt that additional Yankee forces are land
ed O Confederate Point, and even now the
attack upon Wilmii gton may be in progress
Sherman, with a powerful and well disciplined
a-my, has marched through the whole extend
of Georgia, ha3 occupied Savannah, and hav
ing crossed tho South Carolina line,- with an
army hitherto successful, and probably rein
forced, he threatens Augusta, Charleston and
Branchville, acd has not heretofore more fully
developed his plans, only because the elev
ments and the season retard his movements.
The spirit of Georgia seems broken, the arts,
of Sherman seam to be doing their work in
demoralizing her people. We hafe no assur-
ance, that pufficient forces are in South
Carolina, or can be congregated there, for tha
purpose of repelling the onslaught of Sher
man's hosts.
In another part of the military map, we
find that Thomas has driven Hood with his
-army ou. of Tcaoessee under the mst
favorable circumstances, we cannot believe
that army ia in so efficient a condition as it
was, before Hood's advance upon Nashville.
It is certainly unable to entiiely control the
movements of Thomas. And yet again around
Richmond 'we find our great General Lee,
with an army full, strong, efficient and hither
to unconqaered, restrained nevertheless, by
the confronting army of Grant. It is true
that Grant's army is not what it was when he
set out to take Richmond, it is, comparative
ly, bat the skeleton of what it was, and is
powerless at present for active offensive opera-,
tiens. Bat still it is strong enough, in the.
present aspect of affairs, to influence Lee'i
movements, and to a certain or rather uncer-
tain extent control bis action. We have
thrown no lights into the picture ; we have
surveyed the military condition of the coun-,
try with the desire and the intention of pre
senting it in the most sombre aspect it can j
assume to the most despondent and fearful or
oar people. (
Now no person will insist that at such
time wt should do nothing. Whether we
intend to resist t the death, or to submit -and
sup for reconstruction, it is wholesale
murder to leave our troops, who are in dan
gerous positions, exposed to the hardships u(
the field, and all the cruel vicissitudes of
.war, and io nothing. Two, and but twt,,
courses of action are open to us. We must
either take, counsel of our honor and our
courage, brace ourselves up to the conflict,
and strain every nerve, to bring into actio a
all ear remaining strength and vigor to meet
the great emergency ; or we must t.;kc coun
sel of our fears and individual sc!nshhjrs
and make up our minds to submit, and ac-
cept the best terms that Abraham Lirccln,
in his clemency, will extend to ns. These
propositions may be put into various disgui
ses, and men may deceive themselves, and
deceive ethers, by prt-tending to have found
some middle way, but all plans projoscd
-from any quarter, will, when reduced to their
first eh-ments, resolve themselves intoor-cof
these two. We have no choice we must
vadopt arid pursue one of these paths or .the
other, for non-action is the adoption of the
latter.
The Confederacy is not lost our canse is
not desperate and nothing can make it so,
for many a y ar to come, but the dispiriting
and demeiirzUion of the people cf the Con
federacy, which these who style themselves
par excellence peace men, are setting out to
efftct by their various" projects ; and of a truth
they arc peace men but the peace which
they weuld accomplish, would be the peace
of death. But if we v eve of opinion, that
we were is so terrible a potion, that nothing
was left us but the piozpect of subjugation if
the war continued, or a certainty of it, Jy
submitting now, in the Oape of a proposi
tion, for " a reconciliation wiih the North
under the constitution cf cur fathers," we
would prefer compulsory to voluntary degra
dation. We would advise to fight on to
struggle on to enduie yet more to beat the
gates of Heaven with etoims of prayer, and
lo abate Lot one jttor tittle of life or hopCI
till death's pale flag flaunted on the famparts;
and we should so act, because we could not
cease to hope, that amid the manifold chan
ges and chances of this mortal life, there must
yet be som? success in store for so just aiid
holy a cause as ours is ; because we felt that
niais extremity was God's e-pportunity ; be
cause, if we must fall at last, without any
act of tubniLssion on our own part, we should
yet keep the ' whiteness of our souls' and
preserve our national and personal honorvnn
wounded ; and with all this, have no greater
degradation to snboaM to in the end, than we
would sustain now by an igncmious proposi
tion to reconstruct.
Ucfertunately for the success of our cause
there are men in North Carolina who differ from
us. Some God help them--indicate it by
sane aud empty bawlings for peace, without
designating any plan by vthieh they propose to
o achieve it. Some by propositions, for eub
mitting to the people the question, as to whether
they deeire tu assemble in Convention or not.
Some by advocating the call of a separate State
Coevemion. Some by suggesting a State Con-
vention of limited power?, preparatory to cal-
ling a general Convention of all the Confeele-
rate States; but all, if they will search their
hearts, will find themselves actuated by the
same motives, which, according to the Standard
newspaper, Mr. Hanes of Davidson has recent ly,
upon the floor of our House of 'Commons, so
boldly aad unequivocally " avowed. Hefatil
quoting th Standard's authority) "favored a
reconciliation with tho people if the North,
under the Constitution of our fathers. a8
Mhe alternative to be preferred to eubjuga-
tion, which soemed to him to be inevitable
if the war should he continued,. as he took it
for granted it would bo, by the Ftderal gov-
' eminent." Bmdy pausing to suggest, that
it was possible to accomplish thus much, with-
out any war at all, and with no greater dis-
henor, than must at last fall upou us for ac-
cepting it now, let us gravely consider the con
dition in which we would hi placed after a
peace, based upon such terms.
No sane man will assert that we will be likely
to have better terms offered us by Lincoln; when
we are disintegrated and and divided, than he
is ready to offer xn now, when we are united
nd nave armies yet in the field. It is general-
ly believed that his present terms are: a gene-
ral amnesty, including all oflfendeM, however property, we were maltreated ana insulted.
high or low, against his divine right a re- That was done in the days of peace, long be
construction of the Uuion as it was, under the fore the friends of the Progress assisted in
Federal Cnstitutisn as it is the gradual but voting North Carolina out of that old Gove'n
final abolition of slavery by the Southern btates. ment into the. dominions of Jeff. Davis. If
In what the Federal Constitution as it is, differs
from that Constitution it was, when we sev-
ered from the North, is a point upon which we
are uninformed, but of course it will be left to
At judges to determine. . Now sappose the re
construction completed with the consent of all
the States. We shall .find ourselves, it is true.
nominally represented in the Ftdoral Congress
but practically we shall have no voice in our
own government ; a greatly preponderating ma-
joruy iu me rresiueuuat eiecuou ; a mfijoniy
' I. At T !J a! I . . 1
In Vrktk Tf AIIS01 nf Pnnirragg o aininrilir nnnn
fii1ii.l hpnfthnTPr vhiih xre wmilii havs nn
, ... , , . . ., , , . . ,
contxol will hold and away the whole legi&la-
.. A . i -
tive. executive and luaieial power of the cov-
ernment ; a majority as foreign to us, as if they
were bred in the vinevird of France, or in the
vast'territories of Russia; a majority not only
foreign, bnt bain every act ef this war. in
whiohweare now engaged, to avenge; a ma
jority that will hold us in cantempt for our
weakness and in still greater contempt for our
pusillanimity in having submitted to them with-
out compulsion; a majority whose interests
will always in their cwa opinion, and very
frequently in reality be diifcrent from ours ; a
mBjoriiy wuobh po uiaivtj HbB tuunu tueia t
be pitiless, nnscrupntcu?, destitute of principle
and incapable of generosity.
An enornous debt has been contracted by
the Yankees, aDd the taxing power entirely
in the hands of this majority, will be so ussd,
that while direct confiscation is avoided our
substance willbegr&dually consumed, and p.'ss
into the bands of our northern masters. We
shall sink into a degradation so deep a mis
ery so overwhelming that we shall sigh for
the hills to cover us, and the mountains to hide
our shame. Our complaints will be neglect
ed, and our threats will be despised, for we
shall have already demonstrated our weak
ness, and onr inability to resist by force, the
utmost malice of oir task-m&sterg. In the
supreme agony of our helplessness, - anguish,
will consume our hearts, till unwept and Qn
honored we pass .-.way from ' the eaitl, as a
cation, weep'ng invain for the bloody and
deisecrated grsves of- our fathers, our breathers,
nnd cur sens, whom God bath taken away
from the evil to-come, w hioh we .by our tin
worthy conduct will have dishonored as the
sepulchres of rebellious traitarslf
-"The Projress in a beg and labored article
cf yrsf rday, in wh'ch reconstruction is more
than hinted at; asks, in its usual croaking
style, " what kit d of a peace can we get
and proceeds to demorstrate with the use of
croaking argurrectsand anj thinelsethan pa
triotic figures that, the peace which we must
finally accept, n ust be upon just v such terms
as the Y.mkee goernment may, in the good
ness of their hearts, see fit to tender us, po r,
benighted, erring rebels. In fact, the Progress
seems disposed to do any wa', or to tike any
thing, or nothing, just as it may suit the feel
ings of " our brethren of thsNorth," as the
editor ef tiat paper very affectionately terms
the desoiatcrs of our country. If we can got
nothing, the Progress will take that, and be
abundantly thankful ; indeed, it would count
itselr fortunate, if, after lr sing all by Yankea
vanelanlism, as it pretends to have done, it
could only be allowed to escape from this gov
ernment cf tyranny, to the blessed cMme of
Yankee freedom, where, in company with
spirits black and white, copper colored and
variegated, it could be allowed' the humble
privilege of mirgling in hosannahs to faths
Abraham, and, striking hands with thos
dear " kindred" cf Yankee land so feelingly
termed "our brethren of the Nonh." In
short, the Progress seems to be perfectly
reckless as to the condi ions; all it wants is
peace. .
Fortunately for the country; fortunately f-r
freedcrrTs sake; fortunately for ttia cause
of honor and patriotism, tha Progress rep
resents the views of but precious few per
sons in this patriotic lar.d of ours, and its
teachings will not be productive of any grut
harm. Our suffering people, and bleeding
soldiers have higher aims than ever warmed
the bosom of that man who, for the sake of
personal ease or political aggrandizement
would yield a just cause to the blandishments
or intrigues of an inveterate foe.
?lSJ"Our p- oplsset out in this war forindepen-
deuce, mat is tne goar lor wnicn nicy are
striving. That is the goal for which the
Progress his afortime pretended to strive.
That was-the purpose for which North Caro
lina withdrew from the Government of the.
United btates. lnU was t-yause lor wtiicn
Branch and 'Fisher, and Jareson and S'uart,
and Johnson and Polk gave their lives. That
is the oreat arid all "absorbing impulse which
nerves the hearts of-patriots every where.
That is the price which our soldiers demand
jn pajmcnt for all their sufferings, privations'
anj hardships. Gan we take less ? Never,
. , BAi ;f llo wjntc rw- it,
' ... . . 1
J ., . , . , , ,
, , , . .
e pangs oi uuuger, tuc ,.v-uu
the camp, nor the titigues ot the marcft, be
nm 10 D3W our.ueaus iu auai, ... m;oopi.uo-
of such tefma as. the tyrant may propes-f
Surely not.
But, say the tremhling petitioners for peace
-rTm I.incoln miv allow us to dictats cur own
ternls . oniy ask 0f us that 44 we lay down
our arma and return to the fold of the old
Government."
Is that all ? And wil our people be caught
with such chaff ? You recollect that we oneu
formed a part of that same old Government
and, some of us, remember how the.e "North-
crnurElu,cu uBW w wlw u,,
would steal our property and when, under
tne institution, we went in searcn or mai
44 our Northern brtthren" would thus break
faith with us in times of peace, whafc- might
we not expert, after the terrible and vindic-
t:ve war which these same " brethren " -have
waged against us? We should - justly m?rit
all the abuses and insults that would mot ce -
tainly fall to our lot. The soldiers siy : 4fig' t
it out to independence ! " The soldiers have
a right to be heard. And we say, let their
Datriotic will bs done.
I A r
impress ail nio iuviuu auu wuattu iu nic VjUU1-
p
I : .il -u n . i r
ieaeracy, now oeiore me cannot out
J - '
be tended with the best results, if adopted.
An aaauion io me iaci mai u wouia give
Governmentan ample basis for the redemption
of its notes and bonds, it would crystalise all
selBsh avarice into an interested patriotism
which would make it so plainly the interest
of every roan to support the Government
that there would no longer be any division
among our people, but unity and harmony
would extend throughout our land and revive
the confidence and faith of our peoub.
All non-combatants are requested to leav
Augusta immediately.
The Provcst Marshal is ordered to close all
places of business and amusement and see that
all men under the age of fifty, not physically
disabled, take their places in the ranks.
We are glad to see this determination on
the part of the military authorities to defend
the city of Augusta, Qa.
Hobson's Choice The New York Tri
bune aays that "should Wilmington hold out
against the forces now in its vicinity, it will
become an easy prey of Sherman, while if it
surrenders before he approaches it, there is no
longer a temptation for hkn to tarn aside in
bis march to Raleigh." It seems that, we ate.
between the devil and thedeep sea. WZ
Jour not.
TELEGRAPHIC
REPORTS OF THIS PRESS ASSOCIATION
Eatercd coordint6 6t of Congress in the ear
1863, by 3T8. Thraheb, in the Clerk's oft-
. of the District Oourt of the Confederte States
f jr tfce Northern District of Georgia.
Hood's Farewell Address lo Ills Arniy.
HEAD QUARTERS, ARMY TENNESSEE,
TUPELO, 23. Soldiers: at my request, I hare
this d.iv been relcivtd from the command of this
ar.nsr. In taking leave of yom accept my thanks' J
for the patience wih which yem have endnred
your hardships during the recent ctrnpaipn
... , .. . . . ,. . !
sible for ,t., conception and stnved
utv" in its execution. I urge npoa
am alone reypon
hard to do mv d
you the importance of giving your entire support
to the distinguished scldier vtho bow assumes
command, and I shail look, with deep i re t
upon all jour furture operations, and rejnee at
year euccoss.
J. B. HOOD Genl.
Sherman on the Move.
- s
MACON, Jan. 28. PrivaU adTices frm Sa
vannah state that Sherman .commeneel his move
ment in South Carolini oath 17th in?t., with
three columns, the main coluu.n moving towards
Ch-irleiton taking nearly all of his transportation.
Two other columns in light mat ching ord'r, aie
moving by separate roa ls ton-ards BranchTille.
- Gen. Hill h ? issued orders for noa-combatants
to lavj Augcstu
The Marietta Hotel, at Marietta, wu d-. irojed
by -fire on the night of the 20th, supposed to have
been accidental.
Sew Appointments.
RICHMOND, Jan. 29. Gen. Breckenridreba
been appointed Secretary of War. Paymatr
Johnson of Xortn" Carolina, Gov. Vance's com
petitcr for Governor, when first i-lectcd will be
appointed Commiary General rc Xorthrope,
rcsignpd.
From V lira Inst on. 1
WILMINOTOX, Jan. 28. A fire occurred a
one o'clock, p. m., ta-day, in a lot of cotton.
Four hundred and thirty-rive bales on the wharf
in front of the Crtom House, nearly all of which
wa consum-d, without damage to the buildings.
A stiff' Northwest breeze very cold.
Two car loads of cotton were consumed this
morning on the Wilmington and Wcldcn railroad
four miles from town.
A"U quiet below.
Peace Caainilssloners to Wahinton.
RICHMOND, Jan. 23. Senator Hunter of Va.,
Vice' President Stephens and Judge Campbell of
Ala , have been appointed Coiumissionars to pro
ceed to Washington -to confer with the United
States Government on the question of peace.
They will leave to morrow.
From lllchmond.
RICn.VIOSO, Jan. 27 Twenty -five Surgeons
and assistant Surgeons, captured at Franklin and
vicinity, arrived last night from Vanna. Nr.
Scddon continues to act as Secretary ot War.
The position was certainly tendered to Gen.
Breckenridge. There are no reliable develop
ments relative to Blair's mission, though it is
generally fupposed, he will propose re-union on
such terms as the Confederate authorities might
submit.
From Charleston.
CIIAKTJ STON, Jan. 24. The Yankee gun
boat Diachin got aground in Combahee yeter
day ; our batteries cpened upon her and set her on
fire and she burned to the waters cge all the crew
excepting a Lieutenant and five men escaped.
The prisoners brught.to the city U-ay repert
the vessel sunk off" Sullivan's Mand recently bv
torpedoes was te Patapsco; only five out of a
crew of three hundred were saved. All the rett
were drowned. Nothing important f rota bslow.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, Jan. 27. The most important
bn inesa in the House to-dav, was the consider
tion of the Senate bill,, to provide for the em
ployment of tree negroes aad slaves on fortiGca-
tions, &c. Mr. Ramsay moved a proviso, th t
said slaves shall not be armed or used as soldiers.
Mr. Miles supported the amendment. .
He was utterly opposed to arming the slaves.
In th-3 midst of hig remarks, the house sustained a
motion to transfer the bill.to the secret calender,
then resolved into secret ecQion. Tho Senate
concurred in the House joint resolutions of thanks
to Gen. Williarud, and pased,'with amendments,
the Hcuje bill to increae the efficiency of the
cavalry ; also passed another bill to increase the
number of ac' ive midshipmen, in the nvy, the
provisions of which are intended to obviate the
objections of the President, it being abftl recently
vetoed.
Mr. Wigfall introduced a resolution restricting
all laws, authorizing theaapressment of property
for the use of the army, except by military cfli
cers, and in case of absolute necessity, which after
long debate was adopted.
RICHMOND, Jan. 23. The Senate to-fay,
arrain naiscd the bill authorizing the trantmis-
I r "
I sinn nf nursninpri) tntht RoldlPrs free efcOBtace.
notwithstanding the President's objectiea yeas
19, nays 4.
Nothing of importance done ia the House.
Frem Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Jan 2D. During chruch hour
to-day a heavy cannonading was in progress on our
lenes between oure and the enemy's river bat
Messrs. Stephens, Hunter and Campbell, cora
missioners, are still is the city, and will be passed
through Gen. Bushrod Johnson's lines to-uaerrow.
Their mission excites much comment in all cir
cles. From Mississippi.
JACKSON, Jan. 23. Twenty-three houses six
hundred bales of Commissary, and Quartermaster
and other stores, were burned at Summit this
morning. Fire accidental.
Confederate Congress.
RICHMOND, Jan. 23. The House, rejected, in
secret session after debate, a proposition to amend
the Senate bill, for the employment of free ne
groes to work on fortifications, Ac, by a
proviso, that said slaves should not be armed and
used as soldiers- The bill was further considered,
amended and passed.
From Charleston.
CHARLESTON, Jan. 29. Oar scouts report
the enemy's infantry camped near Ennis' Cross
Roads, on the roadleaeing towards Grahamsville,
and on the road leading to Sisters' Ferry. They
have wagon trains with them.
A reconnitering force was reported within
four miles of Robertaville, this morning.
A small party of Yankees landed on Little
,Mueu on
Drittain Island, near Legates, on Saturday might
but were driven off.
I'or the Gtonrederate.
TBE FALSE 0112.
Tour friend, Cuailio J U here, although
hi name belongs to history now, it nnkea
one sad to g tzo on hi c?iin, -Tne counte
nance indicating too urely a l.Utory of the
heart. . His friend arc justly pr.-u 1 of lh
fame be has won, and web may the cruel Mi
1 Tegret, t hit ever s'ie r."j;ctd ib r.cble
heart which occc was Yctf.
Kx'ract ft 001 L'ttr
He loved hpr onct?, be tovei no more,
Siaco all b's love has prorcd in vain:
She uroni his be-.lir. 2 h-oiu fr',
A M fieJ
Ob I enca he thfusht sh lorpil hlra will,
- vr nen on Lis lip.? he Mt her kis.
Cut now bath w-ir;" in I ac'.i ini tsll
How she destroyed all hU b'Af3.
Cat, ah ! tbink not th it till he kneels
In humble homn; at her shrine,
For in his soul he proulr frvls
He ntver mere coald call her "anne."
Fal.-e one! thoujb once you spurned hii natne
'Twill live when you are lying low,
Engraved hi,;h on tome peak of lame
1; will rvmiiu torerer taor.
FiLros, Sih V. C.
!ffrs. Footc in Wasliinslon.
The Yankee cirrc'pon lnts in Wsiihin
ton are $iini full particn'ars of Mrs. !'. te
'c.-cape from nebtfldoin,'' etc. . pe ial Jis
patcfi to the Philadelphia "lii'jn rur," (Jiiling
nearly a c -lujnn,) after recounit'ji the m ivc
meuts of M. at.d Mrs. Fte, aiui tluir d -jiavture
frum IV-chni'M-.d, ai d ftvins mit;u
ly the rrant cr ol the a? red of Xr. Fo. t. pro
ceeds as follows :
Inb.nuatoti nnched Colonel WVUrs, at
A'examirii, tl?nJM r.. Foote wa a. Ore i'nn,
a ad hcMiotout a cavalry furce to btinz her
in. She aniv-d in AUxatid.ta n Friiay
mi-rting, and Serr tary Si-ward, lieuing of
l.er arriv.il thtre, lrave down, bronghi li r up
to Wi!br.!V, ard vr IcrcJ th-t she should he
well erred for. It is uj!c st o l that Mr.
Sewanl cxpreKl the ot.ini r t:.at Mr. Fjjtt
wns in our li'ies when taken t, lo rcht U
thdthe h d remw:!;cd bis fath iu t!i ir cause,
and wa c ns-Ueritly nnth r our prottction,
and his safety wi.l be looked alter by us as
much as though lit were at trtscnt a ri otn
ber. Mr. F.ote h.n resigned hte teat ih tbe rebel
HoUiP. of IIepr:suntaives nsig iing Hsrwsms,
"The s ppeiiMon of tLo vvit of h-ibftis cor-
tli psssa.e f.f acts in sccivt s.-it'ti
against tbo intercls of il;o people tlutt the
Senate and tho najr,ity ol tho lloue are iu
the ioteret.s of Jtlf. Davis, and hae parsed
such laws 5S tebd io extinguish the lihertica
of the peo 1 j, and rji-atrouly afTvCt their
mt"re.is.
losteui of starve Mn, Dvis and his frh'nd
live as well as they ever did in Ui'.htnood, tho
rebel Treasury f(;ctir.g the bills.
Mrs. Fooio i.s a middle aged woman, not
over forty-five, aud in excellent health. She
is act"ompanipl by her you n pest son, of threo
years, the n st oi htr fand'y beiig iu Nash
ville. Mr Fote is thoroughly disnsted with the
ConlVde"fccy, whicli, iiiit -ad of t-in2 u iudc
rendent Government, ns he set oi to att.iin,
it has come to be a uetion of dictatorship
for Davfc, whuls centralizing the entire power
of the Confederacy in himsi-lf. lo league
kith him are all but TrtnlnJui, Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mrs. Fooic does not think the Illairs' iuis
sion, if intended for eacH, will avail anything.
Many of the people of tin? S'mh are weary of
the:.r burdens aud loss' , and would willing ly
quit and make peace, if thry could be j:u ir-n-teed
an amnesty aud secured their property
and slaves.
It Is intended hDuvis to arm and equip
two hundred thousand tlavcs for the next
summer campaign.
Had Mr. Foote reached here it was hi in
tention to try and m diate for his opposed
people, icdepeudent of tho rebel chief, aud
failing to make pca're, to travel in some foreign
clime, and end h";sdiy3 in a calm review of his
past life.
"W
E ARE AlPr-IIORIZKD TO
Announce Capt. L. E. RIGOA.N as a candidate
lor the ollice of Cnuntv Trustee, at the arxt Fcb
luary tein fr Wake Cceoty. If HecUd a
pledges himaelf to a faithful dueharge ef his a
ties,
feb l w3t
A
TTENTION!
As 1 8hjll very won remote frem the counkr;
thos? indebted to me ar earnetly requrftrd
call immediately and close their ac'cr-ant?.
For w heat or corn, the highest cah price, pre
vious to 1&C0, will be allowed for professional ser
vices at old pricts.
If paid in Confederate money, Confederate
prices will be charged.
Iebl-w2t B. P. G RAH AM.
0 T I C Z .
The! uudarsigned has t we jrood Spinning Ma
chines i fer eaU. which he will srll for Confederate
mony,fnd Confederate ireney aly. Thes mm
chines gin the cotton, eard and spin it.ieed cotten
only can be usd. They are caable or spiening
from six to tifht. four cut, hanks per day-spi
either warper filling.
Terms mde knawn on application.
Applv either, to tha undersigned at Cboora s
Store. Unio C'otnty. N. C, or to C. Atibtia,
member of the IIou of ConmoBS. at UaUigb,
N. C, during the session f Jj pfVunvn
If. B. Said Machines will be delirred either at
Charlotte, Mecklenbur Cftunty, or at Saliabury,
Rowaa county, to suit purchasers.
feb l-w3t
"VP
OltTH CAEOI
Johnston Cocsi
JX,m I
Cocrt or Plus and Quart. Stssioss.
November Term, 1864.
Johjc G. Getter,
vt.
Gaston Parrih, Augustus Parrish, Nathan Boy
kin, O. L. Dodd.
Scire Facias to revtre Judjmtnt.
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court,
Lthat the abore na'ned deienan are non-reM-fdents,
if m ordered, That publicatioa be nad
for tbem to appear t February Term, 18CJ, fcf
this- Court, to pieaa in me awove cuuucu
or iadirment according to the scire facias will be
rendered. H. PARKER,
Januarv 1st, 1865. County Court Clerk.
jan I d6t-wt27feb.
R
U X A W A Y .
TaV.n n .nrl tnmmitted to fail. In Cooeord,
Cabarrus count v, N. C , a nerro-boy h ay
his name is JOHN KMITII. and says he bebne
to Eliza Ellison and Wlllian Canada, of
county, and that he was purchased of Thos.
Smith, of liycuj county, about 5 years ap.
boy is about 20 years old. 6 feet 6 inches hic
slow of speech, yellow complexion, bad on whixj
cotton Pt.. Vove colored easmerc i coat I ajj
rays he was hired last year to the High
Iron MaaufacturingCoinpanv. t,rmri
r:r;t;. nar charges and take bim
1 1,1 w' " v v " r ' if. 8L0UGU. bnerin
feb l-w6m of Cabarrus couety,