THE CONFEDERATE.
WKOXKSMT. SKPTEMBKB 2. SGI.
I r U wnndcrful to conceive now quick a
n 1.1 i . 1, .... nn
the capture ot A'aiii u
inkct? energies. This gullible -and
rcadv I" be gulled people see ia it a new and
treat victory they &ylc Atlanta J the preAt
TeLd sT'TifthoM of the South-west ;" they
I -ten in ri aid awful stillness while the
ame journal?, wh-we occupation it has been
for four roars to magnify their success, de,:
cant in seeming arne?tne on the " wide
Fcop.-, the far reaching result, the indisputa
ble importance of this victory, go great in
itself." And they are again de.-.eived, again
mused to furious enthusiasm again willing
to volunteer; and all under the delusion that
the Confederacy, or
"rebellion.' as they
tr-rm it, is " tottering," and that they may
Kin hops to witness ita overthrow. They
Ke sirrht of the fact, that this very paper
irwa which this extract is taken, in another
column of the- s it.o issue, admits that all ifs
bravado is to effect Lincoln's election. To
thi e:d, soldiers are to be enlisted, battles
ire to Uo fought, and victories are to be mag
nified out of all proportion when gained,
ui A to !? fictioued when they cannot be gained.
Xot.vithstir.ding this, yankeedom bow down
i'6 r.eyl: and continues to worship at the al
t jt of deception and delusion. Hear the ac
claim of this grandiloquent: "The rebel
military force in the South-west can now
find no point in all their territory of any
thing like its (Atlanta) strengtrfor value.
a:.d their army must soon break up into small
and predatory hordes, which also will in due
time be exterminated." Willi what happy
facility this charming finale is arrived at!
Tho wonderful Governor Raymond, whom
Forney praises the descriptive hero of Ma
genta "and Solfrrino, and the ' quadrilateral "
more widely and better kwown in. New
York as the " little villain "the editor of
. . i
oiiw ii j
sidrs on important questions wubuui wc
consideration who is hunted by manipula
tors tn the opening of every political contest,
and is exponent fur that eidewhicii pays best-,
in other words, a Hessian of the pres3, who
carries on his f ice the advertisement for
-
hire or sale "--looks with as cool complacen
cy and talks with as tlueat satisfaction of
the extermination of our people, as though
that were some simple and gentle corrective,
rather than a butchery; a s'aughter, a bloody
annihilation.
Well, let hia people go on and catch the de
lusion of this repetition of deceit, falsehood
and fabrication. Let them again come to the
harvast of death. If they have not yet learned
the duplicity of their leaders if they have for
gotten the oft-repcatcd promises of tho speedy
"suppression of the rebellion," which have
Kg-iin and again been made to them, now yet
to be fulfilled, then they will come on again,
tu2 fuller more hardships, and fight more
bnttles, aud submit to more slaughter, to grati
fy the "Radicals" and help on Mr. Lincoln's
clt-ctiou.
We are fully aware of the worth and value
of Atlanta. We know its strength and impor
tance of position ; we know too our own re
sources ; and we know to-day that Sherman's
army is in a more perilous position than it has
yet been in. Wc know that Georgia possesses
within herself abundance of men and means
thorough y to destroy him and his army, if she
have the manhood and energy to bring them out.
We know, too, that in order to consumrcnte
this their single pncceBS of this campaign, that
they have been obliged to relinquish Texas,
most of Louisiana, and Arkansas; that they
hdCe been obliged to uncover the approaches
to Missouri, where our forces are anxiously
awaited, and that our whole situation is infi
nitely better than it was this time last year.
All this wo know and then when we look
around on the untouched resources for soldiers
that absolutly fill the vision in every direction
what makes our people for a moment quail
before a mere reverse, or hesitate about their
capacity or determination to carry through the
work which is before us?
Some things are to 1g learned, however,
ought to have been learned long ago. In
Atlanta there were many amoDg her citizens
who were professiug loyalty and devotion.
They wero suspected, but allowed to remain,
and there they are now having taken the
oath of allegiance and justified the suspi
cions that were entertained of them: Who
can tell how much of valuable information
theso traitors who have lately danced at the
Yankee ball given at the Trout House in
honor of the fall wf Atlarta, have communi
cated to their allies while Atlanta was be
sieged? Until the tories who infest us can
be reached and expelled, the Southern Con
federacy will fight at disadvantage. That
it will have an ultimate success we do not
doubt ; and then to every man to whom has
attached distrust or suspicion, there will bo
woe enough. But it is high time for the au
thorities to look after the loyalty of the citi
zens. Justice to the soldier long ago demand
ed more stringency. It cannot be compatible
with right or liberty, that toryism shall flour
ish, under whatever cover, right in the midst
of our communities, and be let alone.
We copy from the Georgia Constitutional
ist the following hopeful view of the situation.
It should commend itself to all croakers :
the true issue.
As the smoke clears away we see the effect
of the explosion, and as day drags slowly af
ter day, the disaster at Atlanta becomes less
aud less irreparable. "
J Jitle by little the hideous storiaH of loss
and demoralization dwindle away from their
first overshadowing magnitude to the scantier
proportions of truth. The loss of four thou
sand has turned out to be only a meagre fit
teen hundred fifteen hundreed too many,
God knows, but still only fifteen hundred.
The scores ot siege pieces deserted have re
solved themselves into fourteen of the least
serviceable heavy gans ; the hundreds of en
gines and cars destroyed stand in official fig
ures as seven of the former and four score odd
cf the latter; and the innumerable demoraN
tZ'd deserters fads away to th confmptib'e
reality of a few militia who, like Hotspur's
courtier, cannot abide these vile guns.
But one of all tho gr'uly bitch of last weeks
rumors holds its own, and that i the sombro
tala which spoke the fall of the beaa iful
Gato City.
Uuobacured now by the savka we review
th field, and. with no other purpose than an
honest desire to speak ths whole truth, find
absolutely nothing to indicate that utter,
speedy, and inevitable ruin so many have
suffered au excited imagination to portray.
Atlanta is gone to be sure, but this Confede
racy ia no heuse ef card ta topple at a single
blow. Its fall is not necessarily that of Au
gust, nor that ia turn of Georgia, nor that
again of this whole great country into one oom
mon ruin. The city, and State, and Govern
ment are not like so maoy bricks set up nil of a .
row, where the fall of the first brings down all
the balance.
The loss of one position be it ever so strong
is not our death. blew, nor arc we yet so re
duced as that any fifteen hundred casualties
can leave us utterly without defence.
Blessed be that Go l in whom, it is our Fede-
rative motto, is Our Trust, these Confederate
States have many high places yet to be hum
bled and many sons yet to be hewn down, be
fore in the language of Scripture, our walls
shall be broken and our people led away cap
tive. But the army is beaten, and Atlanta is gone,
and the enemy may march where ho will.
Granted. It is the fortune of war that he
should sometimes win a battle or capture a
city. Itia their turn to-day and may be ours
to-morrow. The rain falls on the just and the
ucjQst, and victory declares as well for the bad
as for the good. We cannot expect to have all .
the fair weather to ourselvefifand should con
sole us amid the howling of the tempest by re
membering how soon the sunshine follows tho
etorm.
In the long run. the rain profits only the
just, and victory declares at length for the good
and the final sunshine gleams upon the Right,
while the Wrong is hidden in clouds.
McCIellan's letter.
Some cotemporary has well said, that it
makes one's blood tingle, to sse how coolly
McClellan ignores the sacrifices of the South,
and that her best blood has been shed in this
struggle, and elevates the sacrifices of a mon-
w i uu 7i 1.11011, Kk tiiauoi uuujioii,
rroes, Yankees and Ottawa Indians
Says
the " Young Napoleon" ' I could not look
in the face of my gallant comrades of the ar
my and navy, and tell them that their labor
and the sacrifice of so many of our slain and
wounded brethren had baen in vain."
Are the long lines of Confederate dead to
go for nothing? What of our ruined homes
and blasted hearts ?
The faint-hearted may be willing to forget
their wrongs for inglorious ease ; but the true
hearted will never consent to a Union which
tramples upon the graves of husbands, sons
and brothers never seek companionship with
the demons who have made blood their por
tion and tears their dower.
God willing, as we have maintained our
birth-right against the assaults of Lincoln,
we shall likewise maintain it against the
blandishments and threats of his wish-to-be
sucessor.
Cavalry Arms and Accoutrements-
WTe have been requested to call the special
attention of the people of this State, to the
orders of Gen. Lee and Brig. Gen. Barringer,
for the recovery of cavalry arms and accou
trements. The brigade of Gen. Barringer is
among the best in the service, but it has suf
fered much in the almost constant battles and
skirmishes in whih it has been engaged since
May last. Its efficiency is much impaired
for the want of carbines, saddles and other
caralry accoutrements of the best kind ; and
there is no doubt of the fact that these are now
to be found in private hands in almost every
portion of tho State. They have been taken
from the battle-field as trophies of war, or
when captured from prisoners, have been sent
and often sold, contrary to orders, to soldiers
or other persons returning to the State from
the army of Northern Virgiaia. We call on
the private citizens of this State to see that
these arms and equipments are returned to
good service in the field, and we urge the
public press to join'in this appeal. If they
arc not returned by this means, other &n(
more stringent measures will be adoptad bj
those having tho power.
Terrible Railroad Collision.
We learn that a terrible Railroad collisioi
occurred Wednesday, on the North Carolin
Railroad, near Morrisville, about twelve milt
West of this city. The mail train due W
this city at 9J o'clock wag somewhat behin
time, and was dashing on at considerabl
speed, when it came in contact with a freigh
train. The coacussion was tremendous on
of the loeonaetives was terribly smashed an
thrown off the track, and the other greatl
broken up. The cars of both trains wet
also broken and damaged to a great extent
the debris piling up the track so that it wil
take a d y or two to remove tho rubbish.
A passenger who walked to this city, w
unable to inform us of the names of the pas
sengers injured, but said several were hur
only one, however, seriously, whose name !
was unable to learn. Our informant said h
was told he was a member elect to the Legi
CD
lature from Robeson county0, and was return
ing borne from the army. Both his legs wer
broken, and he was great iy bruised about h
breast and throat. It was thought his inji
ries would most probably pnrve fatal.
A train was dispatched to bring down tr
passengers and. mail, but bad not returnc .
when this was written.
We learn that David Bethune, Esq., f
Rob?sou, 15 the gentleman injured.
The Richmond Sentinel, of Tuesday say ,
we have accounts of rcruits to our arrr
pouring in from beyond the lines, which a i
very cheering, but the details of which !
would not be prudent to publish. Weexter 1
to these brave allies a hearty welcome, ar 1
accord to them their merited praise.
Strang Infatuation-
It seems to be reparded as an exhibition of
personal iinfriesdHnes by all who are and
h are by any tneani kept; out of the army,"
for any one to advocate a policy that bal!
plaoe in the raukg.. whfu they are go much
needed, the thousands of able-bodied men who
are occupying p'aens that can as well be fill
ed by those totally incompetent for field per
vice. Those who bavoall along kept out
of the war; seem to be oblivious to tho fact,
that what our Generals need now to enab'e
them to secure important and permanent vic
tories, is more men. How arc they to get
them, except it be from the thousands of shade
office and detailed men, thick as leaves in
Valarnbrosa,' all over tho land ? It ia not
to impose hardships up-n them, that they are
called for, but to save their country and all
they hold dear, from overthrow and ruin.
Could they look at it in this, the true ligat,
surely they would need no other propelltDg
power to induce them to rush to the front and
jin our veteran troops in ropelling tha foe.
There is said to be from eight to ten thou
sand men, of conscript age, belonging to the
State government of North Camlina alone.
There is, perhaps, an equal number in each
ef the State governments of Virginia, South
Carolina and Georgia. Here, then, are thir
ty or forty thousand men, which, if added to
Lee's or Hood's army in the next thirty days,
would enable them to sweep Grant or
Sherman from before them as with a besom
of destruction.
Beside these thirty or forty thousand men,
there is doubtless a large number still who
are detailed for special duty or for special
purposes. Some of these details, as the Rich
mond Dispatch has observed, are absolutely
necessary the agricultural details, for in
stance. The army and the people must be
fed ; crops must be planted and gathered ; yet
we are satisfied great reforms might bo mado
in this department, without reducing the sup
ply of agricultural products, but greatly in
creasing the strength of the army. In some
sections, we admit, too many men have been
taken off this is especially the case in our
western counties where there are few negroes
but in other sections too many have been
left, if the distribution of the burthens of war
with impartiality, be an object with those hav
ing aathority, as we are sure it is.
Then there are the thousands ot able
bodied men employed in quartermaster, com
missary, (State and National) tithing and
even consciiption departments, kept there in
violation of law. Add to these the other
thousands who, through the partiality or re
missness of enrolling officers, are not for
warded to the army, and you swell the num
ber to seventy-five, or it may be, one hun
dred thousand men, who, of right, belong to,
and by wrong are withheld from, the active
service.
Now, what could not be done, if these, or
even half of them, were added to Lee's and
IIooasr armies That cney are ana will bo
needed, no one can doubt. The enemy, there
can be no question, will bring to bear his
whole power during the remaining weeks of
the Fall campaign. Already Grant i3 bing
reinforced, and he is moving for a vigorous
assault upon our right wing that protects the
South Side railroad. Sherman will also be
heavily reinforced, when he will make a des
perate effort to penetrate still farther into
Georgia and crush Hood's army. With their
armies replenished, who fears the result?
The crisis is upon us. Let State Legislatures
Governors, and the Confederate authorities
look to it, that every available man be forth
with sent to the front.
George P. Morris, now unhappily no more,
made a good deal of capital by his poetical
request to a certain "woodman" to 'spare
that tree." We fear that more than one
woodman in our section will make more cap
ital this year by neither sparing "that tree"
nor the buyer of the cord wood sticks into
which it may be divided. For our part, we
would reverse the words of the song and say
"Woodman don't spare that tree" nor the
other ones. Cut them down and bring them
to market ; but oh, spare the poor buyers in
town ! Sell the' fuel for a little less than its
weight in Confed let the saints and the sin
ners here in WiluaiBgton have something to
keep the vital warmth in their bodies for a
while longer. Let them have a stick now
and then to cook their victuals. It won't re
quire much for that purpose. Upon the
whole, we say we would sing, if we knew
howr Woodman cut that tree, spare not a
single bow, in winter we will need it all, we
want a littlo now. Wilmington Journal.
We make a like appeal to the woodmen
about Raleigh. Spare neither pine nor oak,
nor sapplings slim and tall, where the ravens
hoot and croak, and whippoorwills cry and
squall. But send on the wood anything
that will keep us from freezing this winter.
Skebman's Feelings Towards tiie South.
Some weeks ago a Southern lady travelled
some distance on the same boat with General
Sherman, and availed herself of several oc
casions to speak to him about the war. She
describes his manner while speaking on the
subject as perfectly furious. He declared
frequently in her presence that the purpose
of the war was to root out the present white
race of the South that the war- would be
pushed to the utmost verge of extermination
that he wanted to see' the Southern people
utterly destroyed, either by the sword or by
starvation and what was more, he would
see it. Our people can here see the . feelings
which the Yankee General has towards them.
His acts thus far prove his words.
Every day the telegraph brings a message
that Sheridan is chasing Early up the Valley.
We wonder at this, for though we knew that
old friend Jubal was pretty much of a "Fox"
we thonght Sheridan " was more of a Bound
than to suffer so long a e&e.
Scbscbise to the "Confederate."
The Situation.
Th Richmond Enquirer l.a a striking
leader upon the si tuition of affairs with the
two great confronting armies aronnd Peters
burg and Atlanta It anme' that the fall
of AOftDta end3 tha campaign in Georgia
that there is nothing more there that will
justify the enemy in keeping their present
large force In that State aud that after gar
risoning Atlanta and having no desire to psn
etrate farther into the interior of Georgia,
Sherman will be frea to render aid to Grant,
and with Gra&tV Sherman's and Shci
dan'g armies combined, the second cam
paign of this fall will be undertaken between
this and the November election, by an attack
upon Richmond Grant from Petersburg,
Sheridan from up the Valiej', and Sherman
from Fredericksburg and the White House,
or perhaps both places.
After this expose of the -military chess
board, and after showing the extrsmely haz
ardous policy of Sherman's attempting a far
ther advance into Southern Georgia, the En
quirer says, we therefore, are of the opinion
that the next two months will witness the
bloodiest conflicts this war has witnessed, and
that immediately around Richmond will be
Ihe theatre of the conflicts.
This is all speculation, and may never take
place ; but, it has probability enough to warn
our people to prepare for a conflict before
which the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsyl
vania Course House, Gaines' Mill and Peters
burg are but skirmishes.
Pnnishments.
The Goldsboro' State Journal, of Saturday,
is apparently outraged at the sentence passed
on Lt. Watson lately, and ordered to be ad
vertised in the papers of the Confederacy. It
says the sentence is brutral, and the Jourual
regrets to see it published for one, it will
not publish it. It says . furthermore, "Far
better had thuy sent the culprit to be shot'
We don't know anything of Lt. Watson's
case, but as a general thing we do not see
the matter in the same light as the Journal.
When hu officer takes a commission, he
vouches for his own courage, and when he
cowardly runs away, he jeopards the nation,
of times loses the victory, always entails dess
truction upon those lives it is his duty to
guard aud direct. His crime i3 so base that
it is pronounced a capital offence, and for
feits his own life. The Journal says it is
"far better for him to to shot." But the
culprit does not agree with the Journal ; for
he runs away from the risk of being shut. The
Journal says "the punishment (of publish
ing) extends to the father, mother, brother,
sister of the unfortunate being." Well how
would it be if he was shot? Why, every
paper in the land would publish the fact. The
Journal itself, psrhaps, would ; so that pun
ishment would "extend" the same way ; and
more than this, it would be permanent; for
the culprit being dead, he could never redeem
his character ; but here, he is dismissed ; he
becomes liable to conscription as a private, is
returned to the ranks, fights, and doesn't run,
and ho eft ices the old stain the stigma is re
moved from "father, mother, brotfcor and sis
ter." Upon tht whole, reing shot, as well as
being hung, "is the worse use you can put a
man to."
Registration of Exempts and Detailed Men.
The War Department has ordered the reg
istration of all male white persons between
the ages of seventeen and fifty years who are
not now actually in the field or in the re
serves, and also of all boys who will attain to
the age of seventeen witiiin the next twelve
months, with the month in which they will
become seventeen. The grounds of exemp
tion or detail will also have to be given. Un
der this order, Captain Coke, the enrolling
officer for this district, will proceed with the
registration without dely.
- , , 1
The Auction Business.
Every thing, almost,Jn the way of trade,
is conducted now-a-days through Auction or
public, sale avenues. If a man has au old
coat, or a lady a discarded bonnet, or the
government an old horse, or any body else
any thing to sell, he is afraid to dispose of it
privately, lest ho fail to get the very last
cent that some body else wouW gire. Henco
our Auction houses are doing a thriving busi
ness. Go to Creech & Li tcb ford's, Tucker &
Andrews', or Towles' Auction rooms,'and you
find them crowded with just a little of every
thing and a few more articles besides.
They have something to eat and something to
wear, something to dr'mk and something to
smoke, something to sit on and something to
lie on, something from the leora, from the
anvil, from the. field, from the smoke-house,
from the blockade indeed something of
everything almost, may be foond at the
Raleigh Auction rooms.
Union or Presbyterians. At a meeting
of the United Synod of the Presbyteriaa
Church, in Lynchburg, last week, a Union
was consummated between the two churches
of the Presbyterian church in the Confederate
States, known as the Old School and New
School. The first actual coming together of
the ministers in Tirginia, will be at the meet
ing of the Syuod of Virginia, in Lexington,
in October next.
This is the kind of Union we are all pleased
to Lear of union among ourselves, ecclesiasti
cal and political, la this kind of union there
is strength.
; 'From the Valley. The Petersburg Ex-,
presr leztna (rem a gentleman who left Win
chester ob Thursday last, that all was quiet
in the Yatteyy with the exception of occasional
cavalry skirmishes. The present location of
our army it is unnessary - to state, but our
people may rest assured that it is iir the right
place.
Sewi by yesterday! Mails.
The Pftersburg Eprtu of Saturday, says :
A portion of the enemy's tkirmi&h line in
front of Wilcox's Division, on onr right, was
surprised yesterday morning, and eighty-eight
priioneis, i&cluding ene commissioned officer,
were taken.' The prisoners are mostly from
the 1st and second Maryland regiments, and
some few from the 5th N. Y. Heavy Artillery,
of Warren's corp?. If not lately reinforced, we
are of the opinion that Warren's eorpa cannot
now muster more than the strength of a good
division, as his losses on the Weldon read alone
have been enormous.
Toe Yankees have shown no further dis
position to advance their lines in the direction
of the Southside railroad, since their failure on
Thursday. T&ey have probably discovered
that a very stroog Impediment rests in their
way, and they w:ll most assor? dly find it when
they strike out again.
The usual haavy cannonadiug, cow of almost
daily occurrence, was beard on tho lines yes
terday mostly on the centre and left but
nothing was accomplished.
Borne few shells fifteen-inch morters load
ed with pieces of thick glass, bras, copper,
iron and lead, were thrown into the city yester
day afternoon, but no damage was done.
The Richmond Dispatch of Satmday, says:
The enemy, within the paat day or two,
has crossed a force to the north side of James
river, at Curie's Neck, and ha shown somo
signs of hostilities. The "object of the move
ment is yet undeveloped, though Grant has
always resorted to a feint of this description
when he bad any important enterprise on
foot. Many well-informed persons believe
that he contemplates some bold movement at
an early day on the south side ; and if so, this
explains the crossing of the troops. We shall
probably soon hoar of stirring events on and
about the Weldon railroad.
From official information received last eve
ning, we learn that the enemy yesterday mor
ning drove in our pickets at Newmarket, bat
in the afternoon our forces advanced, drove
thern back, and re-established our original
picket line.
The Richmond Whig of Saturday has the
following :
LATEST FROM NORTH GEORGIA.
Official advices from North Georgia re
ceived yesterday at the War Department, con
firm the report which had already reached us
as to the spirit of the army of the West.
Gen. Hood's officers and men, while ro
gretting that circumstances prevented them
from doing more towards averting the evacu
ation of Atlanta, are still determined to save
Georgia, cost what it may.
The last important act up t) this time in
the Georgia campaign tho evacuation of
Atlanta is not at all pleasing to us, bat we
are mindful of the fact that our loss might
have been greater aud the situation much
worse than it is at present. Sherman is now
at Atlanta enjoying a truce which the shatter
ed condition of his forces compelled him to
ask for. Hood is at I-ovejoy's, recruiting his
ranks and biding his time. Who is to act
on the offensive remains to be s?en. In the
meanwhile all eyes North and South are turn
ed to Petersburg and the operations of Gen
erals Grant and Lee.
Charleston, September 10. The euemy,
with two wooden gunboats, attacked Bttery
Marshall to-day, and were driven off after an
hour's fight.
Captain Gilchrist, under fl g cf truce, has
returned from Port Royal ferry. He briogs
letter3 from Foster, which say tbat the Con
federate prisoners are iu tents on Morris Island,
inside an inclosnre, near Battery Wagner, and
that they will be kept there until Gen. Jones
notuies Luster that the Yankee prisoners have
been removed fron Charleston
From the Petersburg Express, of Friday.
From the Petersburg Front.
At an early hour yesterday, Warren's (5lh
Yankee) Corps, having left their works in the
vicinity of the Weldon railroad, advanced and
broke through General Butler's lines below
Poplar Spring Church. Col. D. D. Fcrebce,
commanding Gcu. Dearing's brigade, met
them, and after fighting them for four hours
with varyintr success, finally repulsed them
with considerable loss. The enemy succeed
ed in reaching Poplar Spring Church and
threw up breastworks at that point, but were
compelled to abandon them. Our loss ia
the affair was small.
The enemy lost a number in killed and
wounded and several prisouers. These pris
oners report that this tnovemeut was an at
tempt on their part to advance their lines in
the direction of the South Side road, and the
fact that breastworks wero thrown up at Pop
lar Spring Church would seem to indicate
that such was indeed their object.
The enemy established a vidette postatthe
intersection of tho Vauijhan and Poplar
Spring Church" roads, which is now thrir
most advanced point of occupation. Mcet
iog with such stern and vigorous opposition,
and finding that they wre entering upon
dangerous ground, the Yankees, after their
repulse by Col. Ferebee, retired to their old
position, and our original picket line was re
established. In military circles, it is believed tbat this
advance was only a reconnaissance to feel the
strength and position of our forces a ques
tion upon which, of course, we as " civilians,
cannot properly decide.
Matters are assuming an interesting aspect
on and about the Weldon road, and we shall
soon, probably, witness some stirring scenes
there.
Poplar Spring Church is sitaated in Din-
r widdie county, between the Vaugkan and
Boydton Plank roads, .ibout two ra ties west
of the Weldon railroad, and between three
and four miles south of the city.
Ou other parts of the lines, matters were
comparatively quiet yesterday. There was
considerable picket firing at times, but les3
than the usual cannonading. There was no
shejling of the city.' The vigorous bombard
ment, to which we were subjected on Wednes
day, will probably satisfy the enemy for a day
or two.
Col. Speer Certainly Dead. The death
of Col. Speer, Senator elect from the Yadkia
district is now rendered certain. . His remains
passed up the Road on Wednesday on their
way to his home in Tad kin. He was woun
ded on the field, and while being borne off, it
is said, a stray ball struck him en the head,
which caused his death.
The " Church Intelligencer," formerly
published in this city, has been revived and
is now issned from the Protestant Episcopal
Publishing House at Charlotte, Rev. George
UVEverhart, Editor. It is the accredited or-,
gan of the Protestant Episcopal Bishops of
the Southern States. Terms $5 for three
months ; 4510 for six months.
i . . .
The reported riot in New Orleans is with
not foundation.
i Later From the North.
Wc have just received a copy of the V. )".
Herald the 13th, from which which we ex
tract the following: which is the Herald's
situation article :
The rebels appear to be somewhat confus
ed as to what to do with General Graat'a army
before Petersburg. Tbey dir not attack his
lines in force, as tbat would bring oa a gen
eral eugngenu nt, nnd their defeat would cer
tainly be the rVsult. At the same time they
do not like to lose any of their men without
an equivalent. The capture of their pickets
by General Da Trobland's brigade on Friday
night incensed the rebels so much that they
have since kept op a continuous fire on our
picket liae. It it stated the rebel pickets weto
asleep when captnrtd ; but It is certain the
whole line was surprised.
The Union signal station at Dutch Gap wa
bombaidcd by the lebels ou Friday evening.
The Unin btt'erics replied with vigor. The
officer at the station remained at his post dur
ing the contest, and witnessed from alotl tho
flight of the missiles on both sides. The
station is so constructed that it would scarly
be possible to inflict a permanent injury to it
by merely artillery firing, although the occu
pation might be made exceedingly upieaeant
and dangerous during a bombardment.
Two blockade runners have recently been
captured ff the North Carolina coa?t. The
steamer A. D. Vance was taken oQ Ilatteia
ou Saturday. She had on board 420 bales of
cotton, from Wilmington bound to Halifax.
The steamer Elsie was taken on the 5th in
Unt, in lat 33 10, lou 77 02, with a cargo of
3,000 bales of cotton, from Wilmiogton bound
for Nastuu. Ti e latter arrived at tho port
yesterday en route for Boston. The vessel
and cargoes are worth about half a million,
of dollars. It was reported that the rcbl
steamer Edith was about to leave Wilming
ton, heavily armed. The fleet were oa the
lookout lor her appearance.
The captured privateer Georgia arrived at
Bdaufwrt, N. C., ou the Oth, and would pro
ceed to Boston.
The steamer Fawn, mneing upon the Dis
mal Canal between Norfolk ur.d North Caro
lina, was captured Saturday by a patty of
rebel raiders aud burned. The .crew and
passengers were all taken prisoners.
The capture of therabel guerilla Rod raider
Quantrell is announced have been recently ef
fected in Indianapolis. He was there in dis
guise, and was recognized on the street by a
refugee.
A report is in circulation at Littlo Rock,
Arkansas, that the rebel Major General Star
ling Price died recently at Arkadelphia of
dysentery. A false report.
The post at Cairo has been separated from
the District of Western Kentucky and added
to that of Illinois, under General Taine. Gen.
Meradith takes charge of the new District of
West Kentucky.
Latest From the North.
We have just receited .cipies of the New
York Herald and Tribune of the 14th instant,
which furnish us with the following news:
FROM Til U VALLEY?
Tic Her did states :
The tiding from the Shenandoah valley are
interesticg Tho encsoy has weakened his
lines to the left of our force, and the rebel
were massing towards the Potomac. Theferds
are at present impassible on account nf the
rains; but when the water subsides General
Sheridan will be found ready to dispute the
passage of the foe. The troops whose time has
expired are re-cnlistiug with vigor, not rngly,
but by regiments. Tho supply train ran re
gularly to the front, and tho line of communi
cation is well guarded. The enemy teeins to
be retiring ; but Averill is close upon his rear
and a fight is expected.
CONFEDERATES COKCEXTRATIKQ KKAtt RED lUTEF.
From the Herald we learn that it is reported
at St. Louis that about fifteen thousand rebels
are concentrating at the month of the lied
river, apparently 'or some hostile purpose yet
uoditclosed.
THE UBArr IN KEW TORE.
It appears that the draft iu New York city
will now take place, Seward notnitbstanJiDg.
Says the Herald :
A draft has bceu ordered to take place on
Monday, September '10tb, in Ohio and other
States whose quota has net been filled up. It
is also ordered to be proceeded with this morn
ing in the Twelfth and Thirteenth dtetricta cf
this State in accordance with the President
proclamation of July 18.
They had some oratory in tVashiogtoo, Tues
day, on the occasion of a flag-raising by the
Lincoln and Johnson Association. Lincoln wan
serenaded, but in a brief response said he had
"made up his mind not to do much talking, as
he had observed that some persons 'had lately
iojured themselves very much by plain speak
ing." Seward also mado a speech, in which
the following related to big Auburn promise
about the draft :
Fellow-citizens: la a speeoh I made at Au
burn, I said there should bo no draft, -became
the army is being reinforced by five to ten
thousand volunteers per day. Tho people of
Aubarn understood me, and cleared tho dis
trict of their draft by volunteering. Patriotic
men in Philadelphia write me that there they
understood me to say there will be no draft,
and therefore they stop volunteering. I avail
myself, therefore, of this occasion to-correct
their mistake by sayiog, that as grace can only
show itself by works, so the draft will surely
come if we do not volunteer and, so prevent it.
I hope that point is settled bow.
Captured It is reported that. General
Nicholls and General Hays, who left Lynch
burg last month for the Trans-Mississippi,
where tbey were ordered for duty, have becu
captured. We did not hear at what point nor
any of the particulars.
Hurricane and Hailstorm. Yo learn
tbat on Wednesday evening", the 3 1st ult., a
severe hurricance and hailstorm swept over
the lower part of Sampson county, xtendiDg
into Duplin, tearing trees and doing consid
erable damage to crops.
mm
The New York Sun says as a number of
statements have recently been made in re
ference to the number of Confederate prison
ers now in custody, the following corrected
account of them has been obtained : Officers,
four thousand ; enlisted men, fifty thousand
in round na tabors. This doe , not include
thousands captured in recent operations, and
not yet reported to the Commissary Goncral.
The Philadelphia Inquirer pnblibes a list
j of soldiers who were buried at the City Point
Cemetery daring the mouth of August. The
list occupies over a column, and about half
the number are negro soldiere. We find the
names of tho following North Carolinians ia
the Ut : Lewis Lettive, 56th N. C. Regiment ;
Corp'l Caleb Whitehurst, Co. C.GGth ; Corp'l
J. 5. Gilreatb, Co. F, 37th ; Thoe. Coralow,
Co. K, 51st.
' i a i
The veiled Prophet the gains of cxtor-i?n?rs.