ill F "
THE CONFEDERATE,
ADVERTISING-.
ADVERTISEMENTS wiM bo Inserted at naa
olla&s per sonar of ten tines for leas) for each
TTm. iiOlLMAX & CO., Proprietors.
TSHMS :
DULY EDITION, for 6 months S
;; ' zv:::.
tl::ki!' i:!)JTIO.v,ict s month 20
vw-T-i-.tiunswiil b received on any other
t-?,V; U . ' aimcnor for a longer or shorter
insertion. Marriage noUoei ana oblluArloj will ho
harfeduadvertlienenU.
JOB WORK. -
JOB WORST f tftrt A I -111 I. - .
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1865.
NO; 46
eouted at this 0eo with dintk
J cau be dons anywhero in (h Heather n Cca
V
3 fl
if) I c
es have
a ever
was always
...-,.,' nce of miliary resources,
both of
an
.-n Material rf war, and sr.pplrs ; and the
Ji3tw:J is r.et yet deScici.t. A very large num
ber i l' white inm, '-utircly capable of bearing
Jrr.w-i who c-uM r y to fpcd from
f.ny 'rrvioc thst they ire Tendering at tome,
c.l- cut if th5 army. :icrae noing ciuces
vhr2 tl-cro ic r duties to perforin; others
en-".U;-C: wbfr their labor could be as well,
if "iot better, performed by others who could
not Leu- arms. Ithegci eminent has cot been
Lie to rratw economy of men, because these
"V-non of men in p'aces where they arc
1. . .ks t-ervicc. without being equally bene-j-ii-l
. the country, are without the knowledge
cftle goYcrtr.sioRt and tgainst itd consent.
JatiJ t! people bhall aume the duty of bring
ing all such cases to th notice of the authori
ties, this fctM-2th" will continue to be wasted.
No ono can fail to be amazed, when he looks,
around in aay community, and sees how many
raen, perffctlj capable of serving in the field,
are out of the service ; while tlw necessity for
their services is plpnb'e in tho fact, that the
enemy, in superior force, -is 'preying us. at
very pt-iut. tfo cf supplies. They exist in the
country much more abundantly than mauy
fUppC;, There are undoubtedly difficulties
oi 'i ccntration and traspcrtalion ; but the
Uf;kuit.u a arc-n-A insuperable. What we
vat A is ,?iT'.- tyt':iu ; more economy; mere
rii i eflicial responsibility; more frequent ia-
. tpcft on and investigation.
" Wo repeat vhat we have often said, that we
will be conquered by oumc-Ivus, if the cause of
ihc Cum fed.' racy is ever lost. To-morrow, if
the people of North Caro'i'ia who cau bear
arms, will Art-no their op rations for thirty
dayj, and the Governor will load them, and
ut-oVr his loud thry will rally to the array
which KeAUicard has, Sherman will assuredly
inarch to his doom ; and with his defeat, the
the public res-V.ution would bi restored, and
' the Confederacy would be put again on the
road to independence. , '
-
The people trait on Congress, and with in
tense anxiety urge the enquiry 44 When' will
Congress do b-methir.g
Arc the finances be-
the two Ilousta cau And no plaa cf revenue
uone of taxation adequate to the n comities
cf thctation, why do they not take tie plan
euUEittcl, now ftfur months age, by the Secre
tary of tlo Treasury, anJ try the experiment!
v,-by tinker aod tinker, while the country dc
luuuJd uction ? Congress ia far behind the
people, nisundcrstand then-, and unqucstion
ably in this long, wearisome do;nothirgnetiS,
nii.r. q.re.-.euta them.
The announcement of measures adopted for
tho jtrcn-thtning of the army, and the im
provement c-fthe currency, would give a new
impulse to the popular "patriotism. Whtl.
('9i.frcs3 delays, the evil makes headway.
Surely afW one hundred and twenty days of
examination and debate, word.-! ought to be
vorn cut, and dee Js dre 1 cu;ht to begin..
Yanlcb pKifosKt-s. About twelve hun
dred Yankee prisoners a dirty, ragged, and
as hard-fcaturtd a felt of wen m ever were
. - m
feen wcrs scm uuwu uum m-u.ui;,
Flopped at the JUilrond Depot in this place,
on yesterday, awaiting -orders to be ut to
Wilmington fr exchange. The Yankte au
thorities below Wilmington refused to receive
a hf prevburdy ?ent,- but we understand that
(irrr.t lias smt instructions, through our Kx
cisane Agent, M th- ofilcer in c-mn and' tin-re,
ordering t heir receptioa at that point, and
t!ny were expected to leave last night.
. It did not appear that a very s'rict guard
was pl ieod over them, cr they were allowed
u:iu?unl liberty by the cmcrr in command.
Manv of them were seen strjig liug through J
tho city, during th? morning, unattended,
and in perf'Ct freedom.
.
Fnou Wii.-Minr.TON. .We learn by passen
geis who arrived here yesterday, from Golds
boi o', that Wilmington wa3 evacuated i y our
troops cn Tuesday evening, at C o'clock.
Ail Government property, cotton, See., not
wnt off, was destroyed previous to the evacua
tion. It was not known that the enemy had
occupied the place
.
Finn is Fwr.TTrvfLLE. A passenger who
carne up freni Fajet'eville en yesterday, in tho
etajre, reports the destruction of a large gov
ernment vrarehouse in that place on Tuesday
night, by fire. It was thought to be caused by
an incendiary. We could learn no particulars.
It would be well for the guards over govern
ment buildings here to keep a sharp lookout.
Y'e received no mail on yesterday from north,
gcuth," ea;t cr west, and are consequently
without authectic news from any quarter.
There wa? any quantity of "grape," however,
circulating on the streets ruraora of all kinds
but mestly l ad and unreliable.
By alverti.-fment in tc-day's paper it will be
icen that Post Masttr Cooke informs the pub
lic.thut after to-day the post office will be clos
ed daily at 4 o'clock, p. m. This rule i adopt
ed, we ur dcrstand, owing to the cmce being de'
ficicct in clerks.
The Home Guard was ordered under arms
on yesterday, to guard the Y'ankee prisoners
here. There scerped to be much difiiculty
ia gtttin them to tnrn ort.
Th. people of the Confederate States
,,I tl.-.r dodi-y their own Lund
,v the war began. There was a
For the Caafederate.
General Hospital No 4.
Wiln-ingtoD. H . C. FebJ 14, '05. J
Editor Confederate: I have this day
read with feelings of gladness and patriotism,
the speech of President Davis, delivered in
in the African Church, Richmond, Virginia.
It is full cf hope and cheer, and I hope it will
be read by the" people of this Confederacy
with the proper tq-irit. Now if tho time for
ecry man to buckle on his armor and bo a
martyr to his country. Thp cause calls for
one and all. Let it not be said that the patri
otic fire of 'Cl has died out in the bosom of
any Southern soul ; but rather let it be said
that tho deten niual.on of that date is stronger
every hour that we live, and come what will,
we are sworn to conquer our independence, or
die in the attempt.
Let every one say within himself I am a
man, and will btand to toy country , live or
dio survive or perish, I am for generate inde
pendence ot the Confederate States, and will
submit to nothing eUe. If we submit,
what can we expect? Have we not been told
ia language yet plaia etfough what we may
expect if we but give in to the vile foe who
is now aiming at our destruction.
It seems that tho time has at last come when
there Euov.ld be no wavering; when every man
should stand in one grain! phalanx to give
battle to ib.2 enemy that i3 now seeking our
subjugation. We have many things to nerve
us on to a successful termination to this strug
gle ; and every thing to convince us that pt-aco
is only to he bad in independence. While we
may desire peace as much as any 6ne, still wo
know that it is to be had only by qu; ssUnct
ing firra aa a rock, with strong arms and stcut
hcar'.s. Now is the time for the war bugle to
be beard in everj' couny, in the place of
"croakirg." So 1st our men of eloquence
peak to the people, and rily them to the con
flict, and ere tho summer shall give place to
autumn, our army shall be victorioas over
many batt'e-fields. Then, perchance, will
come peace with healings oa its wings, giving
gladness to many a wounded heart. So mote
it be. D. J. F.
Is Thprr niir Tlftni? fnr TTs t
X9 K ALVA V IW1J UVfU 1VA J J
The hour is dark, says tne Biblical Recor
der, the darkest that the people of. the Con
federate States have yet seen. Sherman's
triirnphant inarch through Georgia; the fall
of Savannah; the capture of Fort Fisher in
ou-r own State; the occupation of Columbia,
S. C, by the enemy ; and the probable con
sequences of there disasters have greatly de
pressed the pulrfc. mind. The future is hill of
peril. Sherman is prefsinj Beauregard back
bers ; Th'omae is preparing to scep through
Missisippi nd Ahvbjma, and Grant with his
largo army is in General-L-c's f.-ost. At
other pc'ints, too, they aro pressing us. What
then t Is it listless longer to continue the
struggle? We give below -an extract from
one of our exchanges which answers the
queHiou.
"Is there then any hope for us? We an
swer, yisl the very tae that there was
in the beginning of thr; war, net r.iore, not
less 7io56 i. ,God. Then we ln.l no right
to hope for jucccs in any other way, but
through His favor. If we locked for it from
any other spruce our hrj. was unfounded,
sinful, atheistic. We know, or ought to have
kuown, at the fir?t, th-it, divine pver and
mercy v.'erc our only s tlvation. And they are
equally so now, and arc not one tittle more so.
And they c.s now as competent to work ovi
our deliverance as hey were then. Our cause
is not sunk : bey end their ability to save it.
And it Tfcvor cau sink so low as that. . In tho
very' la t extremity they cau raise it up, and
crown it with victory unless in oar madness
and unbelief we abandon it ourselves. It can'
never te too late to cherislvour hops in God,
as long rs we remain steadfast to right and
duty. lie will not forsake us until we for-.
Bvhcthcm.
Nor do any disasters, however many and
grciU, prove thr.t God does not and will not fa
vor our cause that we have no reason to hr.pe
iu His interposition ou our behalf. We mast
walk by fahh, and not by sight. We must not
judge by appearances. His high and myste
rious will is not always as it scans to be. As
high power nnd mercy cau bring deliverance to
ths moat desperate cause, so they often wait
until the cause ia desperate before they ap
pear for its help. Our faith and hope must not
stand on visible evidences of Jlis disfavor.
Otherwise tiny are not faith and hope at all,
but mere natural belief and expectation found
ed cn our human reasonings. The friith and
hope which He requires and which He has
promised to accept and crown with blessings,
rest on Himself alone. They prow out of itis
own power and mercy, they uro supported only
by libs own word, naked and simple; they are
sustained entfrcly by the riches, inexhaustible
and eternal, of His own divine attributes
Henc? they do not fluctuate with tho ever
cha1 g;r.g appearance of that which 13 visible,
and the favorable cr unfavorable aspect of out
ward circumstauces. 13ut they furvivc amid
disasters, and triumph over misfortune, and
perish, if they ever do perish, when all is lost.
When 4,!etp CftUe'h unto deep, whett all Ilis
waves and His billows, raised by His command
.and rughig by His appointment, are geno over
us, even then wo are taught to say, Why art.
thou cast down, oh my soul; and why art thou
disquieted within ne ? Hope thou in God ; for
I shall yet praise Him for the help of His
conutenancc !'
We pretend not to say, no roan dares to
afiirm what the will t f God is as to the issue
of the" present war and the fits of these Con
federate States. But tt.H we "do say, while an
omnipotent and nv s: merciful God reigns, we
Kuve no reason to defp&ir, tlifereis still help
and hope for us. Grant that wo are not able
to withstand our enemies. We never were
able ourselves, and with God for our help wo
are able now as we ever were.
(frant that
we do not deserve that help. We never did
deserve it. We ate a pecple merifng destruc
tion. But cur hoj)e is in His mercy. He is
a God who hearctU prayer. He spared guilty
Isrtal at ths intercession of Moses, U will
spare us when Ue has brought us to the bri k
of destruction, if, putnng cur faith in Him
alone, we seek His help." .
Eev. K. H. Boykin, of Norfolk, Ya., was
recently found murdered in the street. No
elue to the murderer haa boon discovered.
For the Ceaf-derate.
Ari6e!'Ane! Ye sons ef patriot sires!
A nation calls, andhearen sp?ed your way ;
Now freedom lights .vew her vTa--iiing fires,
And spreads her baaner to the day
And spreais her banner to the day.
"While to Ilia throne oar hearts are swelling,
Freedotn, and law, and troth, and right,
May God def-cd dt His own irijrbt,
By His right arm th a treason cufelling! f
To IotsI eontaai tru3,
Son of the brave and free,
Join hearts, join hands, to strike anew
. For God 3nd libertj.
II .
With faith you all to Him confiding,
W'ho crowned with victory our fathers hand,
With courage ia His strength abiding,
Go forth in freedoas'a sacred band,
Go forth to save car native land.
Defend from factions wild commotion
Our homes, our laws, oar schools and epiree,
The names and graves nf patriot sires,
Till freedom reigns te farthest Tien,
To loyal sons and tru,
'Sons of the braTe and froc,
Joia hearts, join hands, to strike anew
- For Ged and libertr.
The Confederate's Cath.
"The breath of submission we breathe cot,
The sword that we've drawn we will sheath not,
It's scabbaTd is left where our taartyra are laid,
And the vensreance of years has whetted its blade,
Earth may hide, wares ongulpb, or-fire consume
us,
But they shall not to slavery doom us,
If they rule, it shall be o'er our ashes and our
graves,
For we've smote them already with fire on the
waves.
And new triumphs on land are before us,
To the Charge Heaven' banner is o'er ua".
For the CosfederaU.
JJcYcr give Up.
"Never pive tip, 'tis the secret"of glory,
Nothing bo wise can philosophy preach ;
Think of the names-that a,re famous in story,
Never give up, is the lesson they teach-"
Perseverance and determination are indispen
sable elements of true greatness, either in an
individual era nation. Withoufrthem, suc
cess in tho ordinary avocations of lifo, even
under the most propitious circumstances, "is
extremely doubtful ; much less, then, in na
tional affairs, involved, as ours are, in a gigan'
tic struggle for existence.
This war has reached a stage which clearly
demoCftrates that the - issuo depends almost
wholly on endurance ; and that sido which
possesses this virtue in the greatest degree
must eventually succeed. Temporary re
verses, suh as wo have experienced of late,
may protract the contest, but will not effect
the final result, if only wearetrua te ourselves,
aud worthy of our past history. But a few
months before the old revolution ended in the
independence ot the American colonic-
. i wrrua Jby Cornwalll8,
and seemed to
man. eim
TJ. .1 1
'.'ivieueu uy
VL n cp p?T'd -rnsTcli
through the State of Georgia, may boast of
marching in like manner through the Caro
liuas, but it will intimidate none but "those
who are already whipped, and if the people
will only arouse themsejve3 to their duty, it
will prove, like the march of his predecessor,,
his last.
A new spirit ha3 been infused into tho coun
try. The fires of '-43I have been rokindled in tho
bosoms of every Southerner who ha3 one scin
tilla of manliness remaining, and the history of
.this war dates a new era from the day when
Lincoln proposed the insulting terms of un
conditional surrender to a proud people. The
blindest can but sse now that we must all go
as one man to do or die together, and . that
our only hope of escape from ignoraipous
slavery is in the valcr of our own strong arms
and stout hearts.
Lincoln has unwillingly done our cause a
great 'service. IIo has united oiir people, and
thereby insured success. The talk of negotia
tion and separate State action has been hushed
into silence, and even tho most fool-hardy
must now be convinced that sink, or swim,
survive or perish, tho destiny of one and all
is indissolubly linked with that cf the .Con
federate government.
The man who dares to talk of peace now
de?erves a traitor's-doom. IIo is mine and
vcur personal enemy. lie seeks our ruin ; he
vvould bring the martyr bleed of our murdered
brothers upon our own hcad3 ; he would send
our mothers to the kitchen, our sisters to the
wash tub, and our sweethearts to he slaves of
those demons, the authors cl our ciegrectaticn.
Tetter die a thousand deaths than submit to
such a fate as this. He only would be fortu
nate who has fallon in defence of liberty and
honor, and fills a soldier's gravo. In the
beautiful languago of John Randolph of
Roanoke,
"With the wise and brave,
'Tis much better overthrown and broko
In Freedom's cause, than in subjection to a ty
rant's yjke,
Like the vile reed, to bow and be a slave."
TANK..
.'
Blowing; ur of the Tnrcr Boat Schultz on
tue James Rivek. Yesterday evening as the
flag of truce boat Scbultz, Captain Hill, was
ascending the river frop,;Cox's landing, where
she l;ai gone down witn a load of Yankee pris-
o-aers, in company with tne Allison, she was
blown up by a" floating torpedo, which made a
complete wreck of her. The disaster occurred
off tbe upper erd of the Dutch Gap canal. The
Schultz had left Cox's landing at ten minutes
past four yesterday afternoon, preceding the
Allison; and after turning the bend of the
stream at the point indicated, she ran her
bowg upon a torpedo, which completely blew
open her hull, her engines dropping out and
her stern being lifted out of the water as the
went down. Two negro firemen were killed
by the explosion ; and two soldiers who had
gene down as guards of the Yankee prisoners
were blown into the water and were drowned.
Their names were Condilf, from Bedford
county, in this-State, and Cribbs, a Geor-
"gian. Two other of the guards, William Hud
son, of the lltb South Carolina regiment, and
James Spencer, of the 20th South Carolina,
were rescued fram the water. There were
some seven cr eizht members of the Ambulance.
uommuiee cn the Schulti at tne tine oi me
explosion, who were eaved on the wreckj and
taken from it ty the boats of tho Allison. Mr.
Andrew Johnston was thrown overboard, bat
swam back to the wreck as it floated past
him. Richmond Kxar-iiner, 1SA.
Tbe Louisville prfss. of the lOtb.tays that
Quantrell, the noted Kansas guerrilla, who
h lens been sunrxkSftti to bo dead, is now
opowitiag in that lkte.
From the Fayettevaie Observer.
Penalties in 1776.
Messers. Editors : To show the temper
and firmness of the patriots of 1776, and their
zeal for independence at all hazards, it is only
Heccssary.'to quote the legislation of that period.
- Had there bea such croakers and fault-finders
then as we have do?, and such indiscreet
speakers and writers 11 against our public de
fence," there wou'ii have been many imprison
ments and forfeitures. At page 443 of -the
volume by Dr, Caruther?, entitled Tho Old
North State in 3776" may h sen an act of
the General Assembly ol North Carolina,
passed at Newbern, in. April 1777, " For de
ciancg" wbat crimes and practices against i he
States shall be treason, and what shall bo mis
prison or treason, and providing punishment
adequate to crimes of both classes, and for
preventing the dangers which may arise from
persons disaffected . to the State!" The third
section i in the following words:
That if any person or persona within thi
State 9iall attempt to convey any intelligence
to the enemies of this State; or of the United
States, or shall publicly or deliberately speak
or write against our public defence, or shall
maliciously and advisedly endervor to exefte
the people to resist the government of this
State, or persuade them to reiftrn to a depend
ence on the crown of Great -Britain : or shali
knowingly spread false and dispiritingnets or
maliciously and advisedly terrify and discour
age the people from enlisting into the service
xf the State ; or shall s'ir up or excite tumults,
disorders or insurrections in the State, or dis
pose the-people to favor the enemy, or oppose
and endeavor i9 prevent the measures carry
ing on in support of the freedom and inde
pendence of the said United States ; every
such person or pcrsrns being thereof legally
convicted by the evidence of two or.moro lia
ble witnesses, or other sufficient testimony-,
shall bo adjudged guilty of misprisor of trea
son, end shall suffer imprisonment during the
war. and forfeit to the State one half of his,
her or their lands, tenements, goods and chattels-"
Tho 4th section directs in what manner ar
rests shall be made, how bonds shall be taken
for good behavior. The 5th section prescribes
the oath of allegiance to the State; which con
sists of 28 lines of'aboufrone page of the'boek.
Tbe ClTT section provides for thjp banishment
to Europe or the West Indies of all disaffected
persona in tho State wittn sixty das, and
allows them to sell their property. The 7th
section declares that if the persons so banished
shalh return to the Stat?, they shall be pro
ceeded against for treason. -
The Act is a long one, occupying six pages
of the volume, and is worthy of perusal for its
tionary fathers were in earnest. We have
more at stake than they had, and sureiy
we shall not be found wanting in our great
duties. Yours respecfully,
From the Camden Journal.
Forty-eight Honrs in a Tree Top.
My plantation ia about three miles from
Oamden, on the VTaterree. Intelligence
reached moon Wednesday that the river wa
rapidly rising. I took a bactcau, in company
with a strong man sarvant and pushed' off to
rescure my stock. While engaged in captur
ing three fine hogs, the head dam On tie
plantation above broke, and let loose a flood
that swept everything before it, aud spread
out about two miles from bank Jo bank. In
attempting to get out, tho bateau washed by.
the current against a tree, caps'zeii and two
of the pigs. drowned. The boat was caught
by the tree in midship, and we managed to
get on the bottom where we stood, three feet
in water. Our frail anchor began to give
way, but there was another tre- ten feet dis
tant beyond our reach frcm the boat. By
crawling as far as we cojid, and then placing
one end of the boat pole in a fork of the tree
and holding the ether end, my companion in
distress made his escape, and :n turn held
the pole for me. It was a cotton tree, soven
inches at the root, and about forty feet high.
We had scarcely perched ovratlves iu it3
boughs before the first tree and the boat were
swept away. Here we were up a slender tree,
with an. angry "torrent twenty ' feet deep
sweeping five feet beneath us, and an expanse
of the fivor more than a mDe on either side.
From this time, Wednesday twelve o'clock,
until Friday two o'clock, we clur.g for li) to
these frail but faithful limbs. Tho river
reached its highest on rrednes3ay evening at
5 o'clock, and its roar and width prevented
our cries from beinjr heard until next day.
All the first day and night, and all the second
day and night, we shouted for help.; and we
bean to give up all hope. In my exertion
to save the boat, I had thrown off my coat,
which wo lost, and tho only way we kept
ourselves frona freezing to death, was by
violently and constantly striking each other
and kicking tbe tree.
Thursday night, the boy slept soundly,
and it was with difiiculty I supported him
and cheered him up from giviug cut entirely.
We tasted no food or water, and felt rfT incli
nation to do so, but I occsgionally moistened
my lips, that I might halloo the It u Icr. The
graves surged about us, and wa were fearful
the tree would be washed off, aa the current
seemed to be headed up in the track in which
it grew., though almost my entire steck of
mules, beef cattle, sheep, hogs, fodder, 6rc,
wa3 swept away, yet so imminent was the
peril, I scarcely thought of them for a mo
ment. Every exertion was made to rescue us
by several gentlemen, but the torrent was too
swift and heavy for a boat to live. A bateau
witk two negroes catfe within a hundred
yards of the tree, when it was swamped and
they barely escaped by clinging to another.
Abut two o'clock cn Friday, Mr. Rush, tbe
overseer on Col. Chesnut's plantation, with
two colored men, reached the tr6e in a boat.
He, with one of them, took our places on the
tree, and .we safely reached the shore, stiff
and bruised from tbe fearful exposure. The
boat returned and brought the otaer parties.
My eclered boy is confined to bed, but is doing
well; he would have given oM in a few hours
longer no doubt. I am sore in my limbs,
xn"d hoarse, but snfier in no other way, and
with gratitude to a kind Providence fox rescu-
I lag us from a watery grave, I will ever re
Baembr the freshet of January 11, 1865.
tuu0aru,. advise exactly such
remedies in the present strug-v, j .
referred to the act a a proof th&t our revolu
Bridal Tersei.
- 9
iOREMED TO CAPT. K. K. JOXIf 1KD BBIDI.
The tows are breathed! and into one,
Two human souls are blended ;
Two streams henceforth together r,
Which different courses wended.;
Two hearts with all their hopes aid feart,
. F,pr wel or woe united ;
The buds or hope the flowers of love
Oh I xaay Ihey ne'er be blighted.
Young Bride! what wish shall friendship frame
To crown thy bright, young life f
That hs mar live lon years to bless
His gentle, foving wife.
And what for him who left thy eid,
While tears stoed in thy eye ;
Heselved for God and liberty
For hme and tubs to .die ?
Brave soldier ! may the present prayers,
Thy young bride breathes for thee,
Prevail on high : God spare ye both,
To live and happy be.
Go forth ye ncble hearted ones,
Strong in your youth and love j
In all your acts through all ywar life,
Seek guidance from above.
May yours a union truly be,
Of hands with warm heart gives ;
Unien in life union in death,
And re-union in Heaven.
Philo.
Exemptions and. Details in the Several
States.
From a, recent report of C. R. Dnffield,
Acting Superintendent of Conscription, trans
mitted to the Senate by the President iu re
sponse to a resolution on the subject cf a
number of persons exempted and detailed t
the several States as State officers, expiw,
telegraph and railroad employees. It !. pro
per before giving the results of the .--port of
the Superintendent, to quote bis remarks
thereon. He says .
"The results given in the statement hre
with enclosed arctakfnlrom tho latest month
ly consolidated report of tho commandants of
conscripts for the several States and special"
reports made by then.. It is l-elievcd that
these reports are as accurate us cm be taado,
as the attention of the oflicers of conscription
haa been calletfto the requirements of Con
gress for exact information as a-necessary
basis for legislation. Every effort has been
made by the Bureau to secure reliable infor
mat ion." It is found, however, that the want
of intelliger cc on the part of the enrolling
ofScers iu many instances partially defeats this
would have been furnished at an earlier day,
but ovsinz to the susjen:sioa of all mit facil
niua by the carrpahjn of tho enemy In tho
South, tho reports required by the Bureau
were grra'ly delayed."
KUMBER OF PERSONS EXEMPTED Af BTATI OVFT-
CKKS. . -
Virginia..... 1,804
North Carolina ; 6,121
South Carolina : 307
Georgia....... 8,2:..;
Alabama....- 1,330
Mississippi ; 229
Florida..... ; H9
East Louisiana 20
Bast Teuncsscc 89
Total 17,288
KCMBEB OF KEN DETAILED IN TUE SOUTHBaSl EX'
PKKSS COMPANY.
Virginia 9
North Carolina 11
South Caroliua.. 3
Georgia '.
Alabama...... I
Mississippi :
Id
0
1
Total 60
These men are detailed for eixty days from
December 2, 1864.
JSUMEKR Ol' PERSONS DETA1LKD TO THE TXLE
GURAP1I COMPANY.
Virginia . 09
North Carolina 1 1.
S"tith Carolina 18
Georgia 8
-Alabama 0
Mississippi 0
Florida 0
East Lousiana 0
East Trnncwcc 0
Total 120
NUMBER OF PERSONS EXEMPTED AND DKTAILKB
ON RAILROADS.
Virginia...... 1.327
North Carolina VG0
South Carolina 1.120
Georgia 1,332
Alabama 883
Mississippi 812
Florida..:.-. 167
ast Tennessee 168
Total.
.G 1C5
Thk Result of thk Peace Faii crb ix
the United Stites. The Washington co-respondent
of the Cincinnati Commercial thus
writes : x "
The result of all this old woman talk has
been very undesirable. It has put a stop to
recruiting, buried the coming draft in oblivion,
and deprived the army of thousands of vol
unteers. The 15th of February is near at
hand, and here is good authority for believing
that the draft will be enforced. Mr. Wil n
said so the other day on the floor of the Senate
and he is well known to be the mouth-piec
of the War Department on such subjects.
And I am very far from thinking that the
last call has been made yet. Frcm the man
ner in which Eastern cities are having their
. quotas reduced, It is safe to say thai there will
be another and still another rrquUition made
upon the fighting rt-aterial of the country.
The term of service of abcut one-half cf
Grant's army expires n.-xt fall, and the ranks
' must be kept full as long as the war lasts,
which will be till the rebcU are no longer
able to resist the national forces.
-j - -
Two Yankees', who had escaped from Salis
bury prison, were, captured near tniPpitce on
Mondav last, bv S. H. and H. E. Elliott and
lodged in jail. They were , sent off on Tuee-
6y. Momtam Eoqlt.
obbject, and induces the commandants to for
ward reports, which special i'lspcction proves
to be inaccurate. The information calll fo
The Ceodnet of the Wemen of Hew Orlea&i.
A letter from a soldier, recently a prisoner
!n cwOrleaes, givs an account of the loy
alty of the womon of that city netwlthitacd
1d the presence of the Yankee authorities.
It says:
"The 'rebel'ladies of New Qrleanacoufd al
ways be distinguished bv their annearanra Tn
their dres3 blue is a rrescribod color. wfciU
monrninrr and colors of a 'pad hue are
ranch worn; ceatness aod simplicity prevail:
nmvs aro moujni 19 e vulgar, bocame they
are cenerallv worn bv the 'Norther aettlen.
sjii tho?e who are not in blark. for som
cear'relative or friend, wear red trimmlnm la
their bonnets almost inraraahlv. a that nha U
of color Is considered decided v Confederate
by the fair deniiens of our fallen metropolis.
things and ether jewelry, ornamented with
appropriate 'rebel' device,", bcd'ck tLelT per
sons, while the Stonewall Jaoxson curl' falls
over their left shoulders with a pecoliar er.v.
'ihsTfl is- an air of superUrity about tbem
which is so different from the unpellshod
OALaers of the wives and daughters of the
Yaakeea, who strive to Imitate the elegant
f Southern refinement. Tho day before we
left for Ship Inland is a dy that will ever
be reraetabertd by ns. Tho ladies accompa
aied us to the Uvee to bid us their feed adioo.
Tboy had to walk from Carondelet street,
ear Common, to the foot cf Jackson, a -die-tatco
of nearly two mtles, at a,very rapifl
rate. When we reached the wharf, they went
through mud and water in order to aco tho'
last of uf then there was qaite a 6cenej
loveratook levo of and tenderly kbscd their
.'sweethearts friendp bid each other geod
bye, hoping soon te meet under happier ani
brighter auspices, aad all felt that they wiro
coanected by ttc3 of friendship aud principle.
. "Nino hearty cheers for tho 'ladles of New,
Orleans' and the Southern Confederacy were
given with so great a zest that'in consequence
of It, our Yankee captor3, with their usual
klnd-ss, committed us to the hold of the
vessel ; but not until we werfl fairly loaded
'dwn with frait thrown to us by tho 'fair
rebols' assembled. We wero kept in the
hold of the ship uotil about fif.y mileu bolov
the city, thus biug dobared the pleasure of
reinr Krw Orleans and of exchanging tdfc
nals in the dim distance with tho being wo
lvd. A'ter our arrival on Ship Itlad, wo
wer? net fergotton by our frload3. Rexes
ccctainioj clot II if; and provisions were
frequently sent to tn, and lurd'y a day pars
el but what wa wero forcibly reminded 'of
our derr friends' by something ceat to admin
ister either to the comfort of the inind c?
body."
A Catt af Warning.
Aroonj tho cxen and fugtiivcs irorn Ofoi
gift who have reached this city in ssarcfr ot a
resting place, Is one lately a planter vrfib
large means and many acres tvud sorvacte.
Wc are told that ho hss been li'toraZy strip
pod of all he owned or claimed, except what
ha has on and with his person, an'd'among the
itcB3S cf his los ia mentioned the total des
truction or removal by tho Yankees of tho
accumulated heaps of provisions, the malt tf
the crops of thrco years." 'A f 0 n as tbia wts
told, many persons who htl-bceu moved to
pity and sympathy f r a wealthy planter thna
reduced to want.rxclalmoi promptly "servod
him right."
There Is no time proper or fit for hoarding
cp the'staff of life, or crewdia br:ut aud
granaries' for unrighteous groed or exacting
profits, but now is above all titara tho moat
unseasonable for such conduct, and wo hono
all producers or holders of provisions, beyoad
a reasonable supply in advance, will take hood
in time. All indications and signs have shown
whatever may bo our lot under Shermaa'n
raids and destructive forays, If wc permit
them, there havo beeu pruvMous oooogh for
all want of tho army and citizens. Where
any have su Tired, lu or ejt of the army, it
has been from error or n-glect in ibe com )'.
oariat, or the purchasing bureau, or in trans
portation, or accidental delay, or disappoint
ment, or error in tno Issuo department, o
ceclevt of the protwr rep resent at ioa and reou!-
sitlcn frv'tn the ofilot-rn concfrced.
We btj.icvo there id' yet euotigh to carry us
cn well until the next crop, If all provioa
liable prooably to raidaare promptly remo7c,
t 1 1 f 1 A - 1- It
tad ai Denevca 10 do Hcuro are wen kep;
and watched for um and timely di-tribotica.
not for hoardiog. Where provltlonsbclievol
to bo exposed to danger cannot be removed
by balk by the owners, or caf.-ly e-dd for the
paolic use, they should be freely iKed J
Icrjj a3 possible for present u, and to all
who can carry with them a small supply -
acd by all tooaas they should certainly be
destroyed, If necessary, to prevent their use
bythe enemy.
Ihe adoption ana enforcement ot means ana
measures compelling the foe wherever aud
whenever a4vancin(j into our region to brit?
fcupidirj with hica, cr to keep p communica
tions beyond our lines or witn the coait
measured which- could be applied would Wo
mwe than s duplication ef our army eoder a
different system.
We horxsto bov of no more exile front
Georgia and of no Soulh Carolinian, lotlng rr
leaving for the raiirB two or throe crop of
provictis Iet thoe who have been hfdiag
and boardiag up for g-een and gala, and un
der pretext of want of faith ia the carrrr.cy, of
of a dread of impressaent, now bnog forth their
eUres, and if they iatend net to fight for tbem-
6eive3, a:d In feeding men who will fight for
th-ir own homes and tbe honed even of tbe
covetous cowards for whom God has ?lited ea
in anger.
r
Tan Spirit or thi Army. Thi Virginia
papers continue to brine ac rounU of meeting
in the Army of Northern Virginia, among sol
diers of the various state, including of coarse
those of North Carolina ia which the uni
form resolve is to fiht this fight till tho
"achievement of independence, or to p.rieli
nobly struggling lor it. Ibcy "cast from
thesn with eccrn the arrogant nd Icsolenl
prepositions, made to oar Con3t3iB-i-nera by
Abraham ljtncoln, and demand "tto appli
cation of every resource to the vigorous prose
cution cl the war as the only moans of oh
taining an honorable peace.'
P" Br grade which adopted such resol aliens
as Nse is compteed of n;ea from Northwea-
te-n irgibia, many of whom have -not- eeca
their homed since the war bctn