THE CONFEDERATE. (
WEDNESDAY, March' 23, 1SC1.
To the Soldiers.
Who is ths soldier's friend? This is an
important question, not only to the soldier, but
to his family, to L;s parents for many of
these soldiers are young boys to Lis kindred
and friend.. Who is the soldier's fiienl ?
Mr. Holden has so ofieu said he is, that a sort
f claim is setup for him, by his con ii Dual
"blowing of Iris own trr.rnpet ; and his nctive
partisans say, of all men, Mr. Holden 1 the
soldier's friend. It is said he subscribeg
liberally, and never refuses help to ths sol
dier's families. Now there are private chari
ties which are shared by every generous
neighbor, who neither tell of them themselves,
nor have them published by others, and "who
would hold in souie scorn any attempt to make
political capital by charitable deeds.
But without following Mr. Holden in hia
private offices, wc enquire in all fairnef.?, what
act, what public act has he done that he should
b? called the "soldier's friend." It cannot
be disputed that he contributed to brini on
this war much as any man in North Caro
lina ; uor can it be doubted Jthat he was
bound by every consideration of honor and
every obligation of good faith to aid in put
ting it to speedy and successful termination,
lie had taught secession for ten or twelve
yesr. He then sought a place in the Con
vention in order to vote for it. He did vot3
for it and oleu to join Jhe Southern Confede
racy anl share its destinies. Now after all
this, it might be supposed by some that lie
Coti'd have offered himself to go and take part
in the battles. He was strong enough, well
enough, and would ha v made a pretty tair
ldier, with study and drilling.
But we pass that over to return to the ques
tion how has he been the soldier's ft tend?
If any friend of h;s will tell us, Ye will pub
lish ft.
We will loll how ha has not. been the friend
f the soldier. Whoever has been in the
army knows that the duties cf camp r.re. mu'
ti plied, various and arduous, and the more you
can rentier these duties through a gteater
utimber, the lighter you make ther fall upon
each soldier. There are heavy picket duties,
roujili, fatiuinHiid dangerous. If a regiment
of one hundred men has to picket a line, the bur
den is four times as heavy as it would lie if that
regiment had f-ur hundred. Ho of uard
ilutY,of detail duly, of working-party duty t
ilc. The man then who is for keeping tl:9
rank 3 well filled, so as to divide out the-s-j
duties, is th; soldier's friend. But ii.U vie.r
inks into insignificance when compared with
the baitlc-fisld duty. Surely ho who strives
" Tifc our force to equal, as near as possible
" t! at of the enemy he that would put more
men to help fight, is the soldi ei 8 friend.
Heavy has been the task assigned to the
soldier-in this particular. Our inferiority in
population has been against us, and our men
have always had to fight immense odds every
where, and the reason why victories have not
been made complete has bten that human
nature, however endued with pluck and valor,
could not bear up again t the excessive dis
. proportion of numbers. Now has Mr. lloldeu
endeavored to till up the army? Has he gone
himself ? Has he tent those he could control?
If ho has, to this extent he 1 as been the sol
dier s friend. Has he aided the law. in coui-
r"ilin others ? lie has not. Ke Ins been
t
pcrmfi.' uu .. . .rj,nt.ut t' the first
conscription iu the State of Norlh Carolina.
Lot us locl at it. The army had.beeii
ui-edin 1831, about May ami June, the ir.cS
of them for ono year only. That artny had
-differed dreadfully fnni disense, and been
greatly reduced in number. Many of its men
were in the hospital, many had been dis
charged ai d many had died. ' In the spring
of 1G2 the enemy was making his tremen.
mendous '"anaconda" effort to encoil the Con
federacy in a death grip! With an army of
cue hundred and fifty thousand men his
commander laid siege to York town. Our force
was scarce fifty thousand. The labors and
dangers our men had to do and encounter were
greatly aggravated by the ismallness of our
numbers. Besides, many of the volunteers
were very soou to go out of service. To pre
vent the utter annihilation of toe rtst to
save the country a conscription bill was
pased and put into successful operation.
Pending its passage, Mr. Holden renounced
it, and did all iu his power to defeat it ; and
would have done so if it had rested with him.
Uad ha succeeded, tha dreadful fighting of the
battle of Williamsburg, of the Seven Pines, of
the bloody days around Richmond, would have
been 'fought with a large portion of ths army
disbauded by the expiration of enlistment.
This was prevented by conscription. After
Richmond was saved, of course the army
was terribly depleted by slaughter and wounds,
and yet Pope had to be encountered, for the
enemy were, pushing a fresh army by another
route in their "on to Richmond." Our only
hope was to fill our broken and exhausted ranks
by conscriptieii. Mr. Holden had opposed the
law, but it had passed, and yet he continued
till to denounce it, to make party electioneer
ing upon it, and thus discontented those .who
fell under its provisions, and induced many to
trade and escape. If he bad had Li way, the
victories of (Jedar Ran, second Mwmassas, Ox
Uillv could not have occurred. Nor could we
- have had the force to have saved the army after
Sharpsburg; nor ceuld we have ever fought
the desperate battles and gained the splem il
victories of Fredricksburg and Chancellorsville
for in all these we were largely reinforced by
conscripts, who shared the duties and the honors
of those fierce but glorious fields. After these
first conscripts were necessarily taken, it be
came necessary again to increase the military
strength. There were many exempts men who
had txroght off by furnishing substitutes
principals as they were called. Our army was
small aud needed filling up. There was nn rea- !
son why the majorlty.of thei-e exempts should,
not go. The principals had made back cahit
money, and fortunes besides, and mot 0f their
substitutes had run away and iterted. Mr.
Holden steps in and undertakes to keep" the
army still weak to keep but these principals
in order that they might loll and swell, wLile
others work and fight. . Is this befriending tha
soldiers? And now, by Mr. Holden's aid end
connivance, a large number, thousands of
Justices of the Peace who never issue a warrant
or try a ease militia officers who have no
privates, who have not even drawn sabres that
could stand and front an enemy that could
not cover a retreat, much less beget a victory
these justices of the peace and militia - officers
have ben and are kept out by Mr. Holden's
influence.
Soldiers, behold your friend 1 L entire soldiers
wives, daughters, sisters, parents, kin, friends,
think of this. All the professions of friendship
in creation are nothing as against acts of hos
tility. If to increase their labors, to increase
their dangers by weakening and keeping them
weak, be friendship, then Mr. Holden is the
soldiers' friend. We shall continue the subject.
. Income and SalaFV.
The opinion of the Fayetteville Observer
is clearly right on the question presented by
the Methodist Clergyman. By salary, is un
derstood only recompense or consideration
paid to a person for services. It is true, the
same is usually fixed and to be paid by the
year, aud the pay of a " settled Clergyman "
is one of the instances cited of a salary.
When paid by the day or mouth, it is gener
ally called pay or wages which is a species
of salary but neither partake of the nature
of an income. Income i3 that we gain for
labor, Irusinees or property as the produc
tion of a farm, the receipts of an attorney,
the profits of a trade, or the dividends of
stock, or the interest of money. When used
with reference to business or labor, it implies
a dealing with several persons as, if a law
yer were to say, my income is five thousand
dollars, derived from my salary as County
Solicitor one thousand, and four thousand of
fees. Besides, as the Observer says, " Con
gress could hvo no intention to dUcribiinate
between the two classes of ministers."
The Press.
i
The Greensboro' Patriot comes tons with
j the nume cf Governor Vance hoisted as its
j candidal . So, far, every press which has
j spoken has either indicated a support of Gov.
j Vance, or in one instance a strict neutrality,
j and m one other a would-if-we-cou'd, or i m 1 f -i
xnd-half. Tii's last is the position A the
Progress, "No one is placed in a moie per
plexed positiou. " It would cheerfully sup
port either cf them would rather, if p. ssi
ble, as it does in most cases, support both
sides; but this 13 impossible ; and there is the
peu flexity. Really, to 1 e thus " perplex
ed, " is the most distressing thiug alive. And
then, " ice don't want to take any part be
tween them. " We don't want to do it not
we won't do it tee may be obliged to but
i very much r.gninst the grain. Such is the
! dolefully perplexed strain of "a haif-aml-
half.
And tho' funniest part of this whole
1 thing is, that in the very midst riglft in tho
) centre of this very perplexing problem tho
! Progress is supporting Mr. Holden "with all
it? might, and don't know it don't dream
of it is wholly unconscious of it, w'nh a
whole column-and-a-half of out-and- ut sup
port right be forJts eyes. It looks as if tho
perplexity were put in by the Editor, after
the rest was all written.
One thing is certain,ihere is not a paper iu
the Cou federacy, that wc have seen, not , a
meeting of any body of people nor of tha
soldiers, that have given to Mr. Hidden the
slightest response to bis nomination. Self
created a self made candidate, he cannot
see the reflection of himself in a bingle out
spoken reception from tho public. We have
heard that he was invited to go to Chatham,
but decliued. We have heard the reasons,
but forbear to publish them. "Ifh:3 name
is before the people iu August, " between this
and then he will have invitations to meet
Gov. Vance, that he will not be able to de
cline on any ground that he has yet given to
the public. That is an encounter ,that be
m.U'it prepare to face. The public, informed
of his eurnest, strong and continued suppcrt
and commendation of Gov. Vance in the Ust
canvass, will want to know why he now op
poses him; and. as he has suspended his japer
and left his subscribers without an organ, (he
people will call upon him to come in person.
We have heard that a secret Weekly Stan-
j dard of the last week is in circulation in the
west. . We do not believe this. Mr. Holden
has not so far goue mad, or forgotten his cuu
ning, as to attempt a stratagem so certain of
detection. We give no credit whatever to
the rumor.
For our pa.rt it would be gratifying to see
Mr. Hqlden withdraw. Thre is every stim
ulus to a patriotic, unselfish mind to yield to
the general, almost universal disposition to
avoid agitation. Escaping by this path, he may
hereafter again fall into the high road to public
favor. That depends on himself. " If he per
sists in the career which we still believe he
has been entrapped iuto,his political ruin will
be eternal.
We sink the individual in the country ; and
out of our great desire for a united action, we
would fain see the aveuuesof political divis
ion and dissension closed up, and all mn
marching to the same goal, for the honor of
the nation..
The Atlanta Confederacy learns from scouts
and citizens immediately from the federal
lines, that the enemy's strenth at Ringgold
and Cftattancoga it under 30,000 e&etive arcn .
A Damper to Mr. fiolileln.
The election in O-ange bas 'resulted in the
; success of Mr. Berry, for tl e Senate, and that
of Mr. Leathers, for the iJouse of. Commons.
All of the candidates came out, for Gov.
Vance Mr. Leathers very boldly aud deci
dedly. Mr -Matt-gum, who bad been nomi-
I nated at a meeting in Hillsboro', was the most
! lukewarm.
We let ra that Mr. Leathers i elected by
about three huudred majority. Of course M.
Mangum received a good many Vance votes.
Take it altogether, the voto pi Ofango shows
almost an unit against Mr. Holden.
Indeed .Mr. Holden's candidacy is already
merely nominal, and will continue to grow more
dwindling, until, in the language of a Georgia
paper, it will be soon frazzled out."
Southern Litebary Messenger. The
March Dumber of this sterling periodical pre-
j seats an unusually attractive appearance, and
is replete with instructive; -and interesting
reading matter. Among "other attractive
features: the Messenger coutairis a beautifully
I executed reprint of the latest Parish Fashion.
The new proprietors have infused a vioriuto
the noble journal which it has not known for
many years. They are evidently determined
to spare nothing which energy and a literal
expenditure of means cm supply, to make
the Messenger attractive to all clases of the
Southern people. If they are not sustained
by a Uberal encouragement it will constitute a
reproach to our national pride for which there
can be no justification. The table of contents
embraces the following articles: " History of
the War ; " Cottage in the Wood ; " " Agnes,
a Novel ; "Funeral of Sir Walter Scott;"'
".Novels and Novel Writings ; " "The Wed
ding Day;"' "A Secret;" "Epouse Mois
L'Onzieme ; " " Gen. Suwaroff; " " Nil
Bonum;" "Editors Table;" " Literary
Notices ; " and the " Omnibus. "
Pric of the Messenger $l'5 for twelve
months, and $8 for mx mouths.
The Ladies cf .North Carolina.
We give the following letter from one of
the most gifted f Nor h Carolina's patriotic
daughters, as a specimen of the many we are
receiving daily, showing the burning indig
nation that fires woman's heart, as she wit
nesses the dastardly conduct of the craven
men who prate about peace upon other terms
than those of independence and entire sepa
ration from theyaukee race. Lft the cowards
read and ' understand the loathing in which
they are held by the virtuous and patih.-tic
fair of th State :
Editors of the Confederate Gentlkmks :
I p.m truly glad you have assumed the
position toward our old leuqavt-h'ssed State
ihat you now occupy. The cheeks of her
sons and. daughters Lave often burned with
shame and indignation, under the sentiments
propagated by s me of her press. I could
quote you exita'cN from soldier's letters, de
manding what she could mean by jivmy
thereby bringing reproach and confusion upon
theiij, before thti. comrades iH arms. I have
heard men, women, and even bojsand maidens,
exclaim in borrow, that the glory of the old
North State was departing, since those left to
guard her home alters were trailing her bright
banners in t'oo dust.
A friend who has recently spent several
months in Norf- !k, tells me of the rejoicing
of yankee papers over extracts frm ours, and
asserting broadly that only by the force of a
military despotisu was she detained frorL
their embraces. Nor was this all Through
,the influence of disloyal sentiments, ably ad
vanced, ditefu! diafh ction was spreading
thiongh the soldier' homes, ami therefrom
gushing out iu a thousand poisonous evils
among the brave warriors who had stood un
daunted amid the 'Crash'" of bullets, and the
rv-r !' cannon. Desertions I the saddest word
to every true southern, that ever was penned,
or uttered, ere becoming common. Tidnk
of it, ye wives and mothers whose" precious
ones have bared their manly breasts to the
murderous hatred of our enemies,' resolved
upon liberty or death ! Think ot the prctid y
defiant patriot, guarding every avenue to hi
country's honor, vanquished by adroit suspi
cions of bis government, or tbewailings that
come from his loved ones, until he siuks into
the untold degradation of a deserter's grave.
Yes,' the old ship creaked, and groaned
throuuh all her massive timbers, without a
helmsman o guide her through the raging
storm. Your efforts, gentleTnen, will he
crowned with success The spirit of '61 wjl
revive. The eonl-siirring strains which every
breeze wafts back from our battle-scarred
hosts standing out with uncovered brows.
their hands upou God's holy word, vowing
eternal allegiance to the cause of freedom, will
awaken corresponding echoes from the Sea
board to the western border. Can we do less
than cultivate in the security of home the
nohle spirit that aninafes them, surrounded
hy privations and daugers upon eveiy nde ? , (jcueral Ruckner expressed himself highly
Surely we were unworthy to share the bless- ( honored iu being appointed to lead these time
lugs they wade through blood A'ul smoke aud t honored veterans, aud as he placed implicit
carnage to attain, if we fail th m n w. when j confidence in them he hoped they would give
hope fids their every heart. With an humble j the same to him. Great satisfaction is mali
gnance upon the God of justice and truth, f iu;ed in this turn df our aff.tirs, as no doubt
North Carolina, without a dissenting voice, t thy bickerings aud ill-'eeiinys of the contest
will pledge auw her lives, her fortunes, aud,fjrthe Major Generalcy will now cease.
her sacred houor, to the cause of that freedom, Geueral Buckuer Lj a very courteous geMie
which is worthy the glorious iibatioos that man ami does not want a name, which goes a
have been ofie.ed at her shriue. L. long way in obtaining the confidence of the
' 'j. j old soldier, who is always suspicious of one ot
Our Next GovernoK. Our readers will j whom no one has heard anything,
discern that we have this week "run Up at! n .
our mast head" the glorious Vance Bkh T"e T0"1? TTt J01
for the next Gubernatorial contest to come off P"ttculars ofthe fight at Suffolk last ttedu.s
noIKt IlOTt . dty ehow that it was a perfe rout of the
in August next. -i i i T .
ur - , ., e . , enmy. Gen. Kausom advanced on the town
We present the name of our first, second aboutJ10 0'clock in the morning and chased in
and lat .choice and the claims of our Chief- the negro pickets. A regiment of negro cavalry
lain, with pride and pleasure and in so -was sUtioned in the town, whicu dismounted
doing, we assert that we but express the alter the first fire and scattered in all directions,
wishes of the great mass of the people of the Many were kille l in the streets. Several took
entire State ! refuge in a house in the eastern part of the
For soundness of sentiment and practica- place, and refusing to surrender the house was
bility of views, and for honorable intentions fired One got out during tbe burning, dis
and administrative capacity, Gov.r Vance has charging his musket at our men as he came
proven himself equal to the grtat lead-rs iu oat He was instantly killed. Tbe three who
ihe revolution of 1776; and to-day he stands remained were co?isum d in the flames. The
the acknowledged giant among his compeers negroes were pursued to Jericho bridge, which
in the revolution of 1361! Gteetmb. Patriot. theJ tore UP affer cr03ng- Tbe whole aff.ir
: seems to have been a race for life on the part
" ! ef the " colored U. S. cavalry." The, camps
January Tax. The amount of January and quartermas er stores were destroyed.
taxcollected here so far is $1,697,000. Wil- Several of the negroes who enlisted in Suffolk
miugton Journal. ' were cut down at the very doors of their former
i masters. Ou Thursday morning a large force
. : of Yankees came up. aud some skirmbb ng took
A D2W paper is about tube started at Mnr- place this side of Suffolk. Our wholeloss in
freefcboro , Tenucssee, of course under Aboli- ; the affair was three men. The enemy lost
ttou ausfires. Vrat thirty. 'Xhxon4 pt.
CoYernor Yancc and the People.
Gov. Vance has 'been .invited by the citizens
ot Cuml erlroul V visit F etteville and address
the people of that county. Wo understand
the. (jov. accepts the invitation, and will
designate s aneeailv day when he will comply
with the same. We expect the largest n im
ber of persons will be present to greet rt,v
Vance that has perhaps ever assembled in
the old town on a like occasion. Every v.-hero
tli( re is an anxiety to- Var him, and;' when h'.?
getfut among the people, such' an enthusi
asm wilKbe created in his-behalf, as will bo
crushing to the agilalors who are se kinir Ids
defeat! No man is more safely entrenched
in the confidence and affections of the people
than is Gov. Vance ; r.nd they aro anxious to
manifest it in every way in tneii powr.
INTERESTING NEWS ITEXS.
The Newbern Times .-ays:
.' ' We are informed that the rebl Go: eud
in Command at Kinston, in this State. h;;s
hung several memb-rs of th! Second N nth
Carolina regiment (white) captured by h:m
in xh'i recent movement upon Newbern."
Th same paper sas:
' An army of 50 000 Union soldiers march
ing to the heart of Nort h "C-i lina. giviug toe
as-uranco oi protection fro;t) Confederate ven
geance, would insure-the po'itiea! conquest of
the State.
We wish that our auth' ruie-' ftt Washington
realised more earnestly tbe importunes of
pis;tivc military movements in this State.
Viewed simply in a -military light, an army
of 50 000 men ' ere could eli'ect all Unit tno
Army of the Potomac has been three years m
vain attempting to accomtiich. With a fon.e f
that number, we could take. tnd hol-i olh ti e
o iand lines of railroad communication through
this State, by which the rebel army in Vir
ginia is replenished and fed. Cut oft? his f-up-piios
from the South and Southwest, aud I e
7n11.it evacuate Virginia or starve Willi tiiis
retirement. Washington is relieved, and Kico
mond is our."
Fbom Florida. It is reported that, tho
Yankees h;ive been reinforced at Jackson
ville, and Ae juron-jiy entrenching them
selves. Tiitir pickets are .l:;r..-Wfi out to tbo
distance of three miles from that point, and '
curs are within f ur miles of Jacksonvil'e.
Gen. Beauregard ha? temporarily established
bis headquarters in Florida, and at last ac-
ounts was at the fiont with Gn. Fioegan.
liuaiors are rile of movements it Would bo
improper to mention.
The skirmish on tho lt resulted in ths loss
0:1 ouride of seven kiikd and twenty-two
wounded. We captured one piece t.f artillery
and drove the enemy across Cedar Creek, 3
miles from Jacksonville.
Ths official report ot the late fight at Ocen
iYnd states that oi.r is 81 kiiletl and 7-3
wounded. About 50 of the latter havo since "
r.ied. We captured live pieces of nitilierv,
our stamV of clors aud -2,000 stand of arms.
Th"o are 250 negro prisoners at Tall dnssee,
suii numbets aro dady d;ing tioui their'
wounds.
Ti.o telegraph line is aaia in working or
der from Sivaunali to -Rail win, Sanders n,
Lake City, Madison and Tallahassee. Tho
Yankees destroyed but tivo miles of the Una.
Frtosi the Penis.-cla The statement
tbr-. K : j o:ori!!v i at OTiioto.--' h,n'k to
Meade's- arm v. by crowing the Rappahaotiock,
is confirmed by p.-.s-viiiers who came from
King and Q o u last night. On Friday 1,U
cavalry left that county and went through
E-sex i Dragons Ford, on the Rappahannock.
Toe heavy nius had so swollen the stream
ihjt they could not cross, anil on S inlay they '
again returned to Km and Queen, and went
n down the Peninsula. The iul'atitry which
had been Si nt as their support had already
PKie aboard the tiausports and turned to
Yorktowu. Thev said as thev went down
that the- wen: goinu to come up with pon
toons, and cross the liappahann-ick, as that
was their intended route b;ck.
'J 'ho burning of the village at Kiu and
Queen C. H., seems to have t een an act of
otniberate dt-vilishucss on the part of the
Y.ihkets. Tiiev buriif tweo;y lioi!"5 s, leaving
only one dwelling standing that of Mr. Rynl.
They had revi )iisly robbed tiie owners
and the inhabitants ot the neighborhood uf
ail the provisions they batl.
On their r nite down from Riehmotid, after
'the I'aiiuro of the raid, Kiij atrick's men acicd
iu a m':-t barbarous maimer to the iu-di' osiVe
and helpless people of New Kent aud Junes
City. From the cr.i-s rouli in New Kent,
where the vandals entered the stare road,
down to RarhamKviMo, iu the same county,
they burnt and pillaged nearly every house.
At Barhamsviile, they destroyed the barn of
Nelson Timberlake, burning ail his corn ami
I fodder, and stole every pound ot his meat. A
! iIr J-'nies Taylor, wt o remonstrated wiib,
them Kr tneir outrages, was knocked dou
. and beaten unti' he becime imi nsible. Other
i cbizens were most outrageously treated. Hich-
1 moU( -Utftpatcn.
Gek. Ruckneu. This officer, as has al
ready been 'stated, has bvjen assigned to (Jen.
Hood's rid division, in Longstreet's army, aud,
by general order, dated 22d ult., has assumed
command. A correspondent of the Savannah
: Republican savs :
European Items;
'Queen Victoria's Abdicati'N. The
Memorial Diplomatique makis itself respon
sible for the extraordinary st tenp:.t th. t at
a recent cabine council, on th Diidsh ques
tion, Q teei: Victoria rose from the table dedar- J
mgthat she r(uid co.m to no ConlusTon w.thout
conultiug with Prince Albert, retired to hr
closet, and, ou etnergin", announced that the
Prmce was hostile to any act of war by Eng
land. This unmistakable proof of mental .f!err.i
tiou is said to have determined L'-rd Pahners
tou U urte the abdication of the Quern, am!
the fact that, instead of j iniug his mother at
Osborne, the PrincH f Wales ha? gone wiih
his princess to St Leonards, ij interpretateil as
an indication that Hi ward the VII is prept
ring to iitouut the throne, and to inaugurate a
new f.rein policy iu the afiairs of Great
sin Brit
It is certain that the - pvasent attitude of
ti.eJJ English govvinni'nt cannot lo'.ig be
maintained if E i.Tlaud is to keep her pr.dsea
a power of the fit rank, and if the abdica
tion of Victoria ii? a nivesiry preliminary to
vigorous and h 'nnrible action oi he part of
Great Dr tain, that abdi-'ati ! likely to be
ititds'ei upon a.;l ariu,n5isbei with to un-uece.-s.iry
delay. Gun. Advertiser.
.TH5 RKUKL LOAN" IN FRANCE.
Coirr.pond.nce of the London Times.
P.Uis, S.ilsirday, Ftb,d3.
Ti e Civil Tribunal of the S--ine las just
given judgmem in an action hi might by M
M. Erlanger ScC.-., bankers, of p.tris, again.-i
M. Carteret, to recvr a sum of 10,000i'. ad
vanced to him ou the 23i f February, 18G3
' he plaiutitT-i g:oundel their deman I on a re
"ceipt sigitd by Carteret in the folh"wi:.g
terms: "I aeki.oviedge having rrceived trm
M. Ivlanger the siim of 1U.00 ?f., payable
Whenever demanded." Toe di feodant plead
ed that, instead of Deii g the debtor, he wa
iral the creditor of Ei l inger it C . foe the
sum iif 1 875 000'., dm-1,. h:m as commission
f r haviiig pro ur. d them the negotiation' in
London ol tiit;itn:s ol To miiii n.s tor the Con-
lera o S a fs r 'Aim ti-i. iv winch Ertangi r
ic C . had i-leaied ?. 500 0001'.. a H that tl.
lO.OuOf, w. s n r iise first in-ta rnent ol l is
commission; .-i.ltfit was a to .'tht r eoir.ivry
to ba kiiu tisics to make advances on a
mcie ie.-eip. lb a's stated rn it a suit w is
now pending before tjje E gli h courts for
the re.-oTerv of his (."mmi.s.s.ion, and ru:it he
had given the receipt iu qtiLSti n becm-e flie
money was ad vat. c-. d beire it ws absolutely
celtaiu that J.e ai rang m'nts for the loan
would be br ug;it so sathsfaotory conclusion.
The c u ..sel for the plaintiff inamtainfil, ou
t e contrary , tuat tho moij.-y ad Vi need wa
really a h.an , as .sin,vviA hy the terms of the
receipt, and I hat ih-re was nothing s.-i intis in
the suit alleged to be p i, ling iu E:u a. d
The tribunal, however, decided thai explana
tions given Kuhcietitly esubiihed the tact
that the lO OOOf. were not a 1 an, but ;oi in
stallment of ihe defendant's commission, and
accordingly rj cted the pluintiii' demand,
wilt, c .sts.
A Facy Bali, t Paris. The fancv bal
' rcceuliv given by the Mu.:s;0l roresgn
Atiairs aiat Mme. Dkouyn ie Luuys w;.s
attenthii bym -re ilian 0 U persons, add s 1
dom (-ay- Gulijnaui) ims a u ore splemii Ily
piiture.'-o1ue M'ene Seen viti;vsed. la tho
brilliant irwd wnre observed tlr A'ob'ssa
dors of A.;stri:i Prusia; Uussij and Turkey,
and neariy all the ilipiomnciic bodv resident
J in. Paris. There. we e ul.-o u iunneuse huuit
I h r ol Cher t.-rrfgneis - I di-nncti n. as 11
as u:embers of tbe S -i.ate, L'gsUtive B kIv,
ami C- un. il of Stute, hijb oigtlt uies of th
court, tiie principal celrtUriiies v-t the armv
;m-1 navy, and of the ar , ienees, and letters.
The E nperor and E r.jre s wete aisosiid to
be present incognito, 'ffie fancy costumes,
exceedingly rich and tasttul.v.en- more nume
rous than - the ilom'huvs, ai;d represented eve y
period of tiistory, the chief mythological char
acters ol every civiiization, a:.d fa. .tasticul al
legorical -rsonages iu almost endies? variety.
.Mine. Drouyn de LtiU3's woreac tume of
the reign of L uU IV. ; the Princess de Cis
telcioala appeared in asplci did mantle stud
ded with gold stars; tho Prices Trmibetskoi
ns a Pierrute; the Princess l)miio!T in a cos
tume of the time of Henry III. ; the Cuntess
de Pourtales aa bat spa igied with diamond-:
the Baroness de S-.-ebacu in a P.enpidour cos
tume; Mme. de Mackau as a Moorich Prin
cess; Mine. Say as Mary de Medici, in a in -st
splendid cos'ume studded With di mionds,
copied trom a picture o ilubrhs' ; ilme. IV
reira as a persomlV-a'iou oi : Ui Vm
c unn ss de la Gueronnicro as a Louis XV.
Marchion. ss; Mme. Peiletieas Uridine, decor
ated all over with corals ; Mme Guermet as a
Polish Hussar; Mile. Haussmau as a Circas
sian ; the two Aiils. Heckeren in extretnelv
elegant fancy costume ; Mile, du Ilal'yas a
Niiad ; Mlle..E..k art in a Biblical costume;
Mile. Uu tie tz as a Mexican; Mile Chemals
Gilioy as an Oriental, and Allle. Erazu as a
Roman dame. One lady (name unknown)
personified Photography, beiug covered from
nead to foot with portraits, and wearing the
camera a? a head-dress. There were also
two ladies and one gentleman-as Touareg-i,
atid wearing black vciis.
Profes-or II i user, of Heidelberg, has re
ceived tiie Prussian p'rizj lor the best German
Work of German histofy pubihhed during the
last hvu years. The prize in ipie.stin wa-
created by th- King of Prus-ri iu 1841. coti-
j sis-ts oi 1 000 thaieis, aii'J is tveu a vav every
j five years. Toe wo.i of Pro ev-r llausei.
which is thus crowned, i Toe llitory of
Germany troni the D ath of Frederick th"
Great to the end of the H -volutiooary War'
a solid and lab ui oiis proiiucriou, full of orig
inal re-4earcn ami out of-the-way ina-erialsf
but wanting in spirit and power of h.irrati"U.
The Charivari i "publishes a caricature repre
senting a hug-, cauldron placed oa a blazing
fire.Mid entitled The Germanic Confedera
tion. Austria and Prussia are sitting on the
lid aud trying with all tbeir force to keep it
duwu, but it already has risen at one side, and
a number of scall personages are seen bliw
heaviug it gradually up. An inscription in
neath declares that the boiling pot no louger
respects the pressure on the cover.
The Trieste Observer states that a bust by
th5 hand ol Canova has jut len discovered
in the villa of Alttchiero, near Padua. It is
the bust of Paul Renfer. the last but one of
the Doges of Venice. It his Iv-en purchased
by a rich citizen of Trieste, M. Bottacin.
The Rouen Xouvellitt complains of Confeder
t ate cotton, bales of which, after running the
! blockad are found to contain couical-t-haped
cannon balls, each weighing nine kilogrammes,
to the serious loss of the purchasers.
Defeat or the' Radicals is Louisiana.
The radical abolitionists were signally de
feated in the late eiect'mn in a part of the
State-of Louhda'.a, and General D tiuks- policy
of freeing the uigters, but Keeping them at
j work, wnich has met the rancorous h stility
of Wendell Phillips and his tribe, was fully
snv-T?ed.
THE XEYYS.
TIIE SsiUPEK?! ox OF THS Harka Cuki-7
The Extent or Powna Claimed nx thi:
G..VF.UNMi:KT. The instructions of tin? War
Depanij.etJt with ropect to the proje-.ling
under the law making a limited r oui
.
penion tt the haveis corj,us, rrm r.-e mar.v
grounds of clamor, and propose wi.at may l:V
conside-cnl as a very mod"rat execution ( f
the law. Prtirs arrcstel. in tbe car spori.
t5ed in the law, Vill not be douieil a ir".i( h-ii
tbeir cases will be in votijjatcd by foM.jj,-.
tioners, who will be apjuint-d for ihes du
ties in the diflerent military department
Informatioj of all arrests under t e w will
le given by the depirtme it conitutn Ur a
8uu as practicable after they nro m :de, ami
the commiiouer will procei-d to invc tiat 5
the same.
If. upon exam? oatin, a reasonable aiI
prob-ible euise fur detention does n t appfr,
he will certify the lact to tiie general or other
officer in command, who wjj im:n 'diafely
disih uge the pris mrtr frirn arresst. Ibit if "v
naon ible Htid probable cusi ibv Hj.--;r,
ttn commissioner will forthwith tr.itisrrii t
'he War Department a copy f the -b !:.
taken in the case, wit:i hi oplui i :!i.---e,i:i,
tor instructions, and meanwhile the "nis nt
will remain in custody.
In c ues wlere -D"ro:if. n t bel ?.gln : i'.a
military service shall apply to a. y court or
ofiicer in he Cu federate St:ihs fvr a ivrit of
hub-is corpus, it wilbj the duty o" th r ,.
ier having the command or custody ot e.i.u
person fortbwirji to ttp-irt the i-ss, with d!
the relevant facts, to ti e War l)?p utnv"..:.
for instructions as to the proper aus a-it to bo
made to such writ. Iliehniond Examiner.
Gov. Vanck to Speak in Fatetteville It
is with great, pleasure, says the Fiyettevilic
Observer, that we publish the following letter
fro;n Gov. Vance, accepting the invitation t i
cordially tendered to him during the ss;ou of
our County Court last wet-k :
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA. )
Execltive Department,' I
Raleigh. March 14. 18 4. J
David McN'eill, tis.p, Chm'n Cumberland Co.
Court :
Dear Sir: lam honored by the re..vpMo-)
of your tuviration to hicone the cuest ofCurn-bei-lan-t,
and to address the people at soue div
to he tixeJ by inyelf. ,
I accept the invitation wth unallyd .
.sure, and only regret that the st ite f :ny of -i
he t'.thand tb it of iy family will not permit n,e
now to design c the d ty. I trill d. to, how
ever, iu the course of a "veik.
With my sincere than'. s to yourself at.d tho.-e
ycu rejri tea.
Relieve me. sir, your v.-rv nb't -v't.
Z R. vanvi:
Cavai.uy Kxploit. A pirty ot t-ev. n'f.- i
men, of iMiferent cotnprii'-s of th (ph Vir
ginia cavalry. "dUb ind-.-i" until tl iodi i:
t : nt t recruit , l.e.nd that a patty oj Y ui
kees were coming up towards S.iickefsvihV,
and delcriniin d to o,, !t , tjv v.-rvi, '
a-ul attack them. The Yankees numb :( 1
twetity-thre- turn, ot the 21-t !Ccw Y rr.
cavalry. They were eh trg d as ihev v.-r.-t
up the motmtain, four kll'o1, four w iau '.
and all the rest captur d exee-.t thr--r. T..---tbrett
were pursued, until il.cy to..' r. t:t c
with a bodv t 50 of their cornia ! ii i w n
approchinir, and win wete too Mro-.: Ul.r
men to attack. The p: isomers wcr.' ! . i! t
off safely. Ouly one of our ta?n w -uu.
ded.
Peus in ai.. Capt. Ilale, rr f t'.e ..a, . -.y,
editors ef the Obn?rver, is now at h wi.- :u i'(
citv, on a shor t leave of abs -tue. iVota (i:u.
Le's army. His many friend will be gl 1 1 1
meet litm in uch go i heaitii. Cap:. Il"Ile :.
tcred t!i-s-rvice, at the outbreak iiovi'.i-,
i a jica?e, an 1 has by hii eri: an 1 abi!;t ;
been promoted to his jire.-ent p'ui-.n.
Thoush young in yoir, l.f has alrenlv h-iri
the utiph-a.-ent whittle of minnic buili't-, ..;. !
the uerve-irriii4 r,.ir of the eu-jjiy's .s
up u a mimb'T'd' b!o dy fields ot triM.
Fajclteville Carolinian.
The Ch lrlesfon Courier "s iv tint th l.t st
news fr-.m that 8ea rover. Rip'ut-j ei.r.:i"-,
for whom Yankee hidp ovMiers and iu-r.r. ;
are anxiously inijuirino, i giv.ni iu a Ilouj' a
disp.itni. of the 113th of .January.' Ur w.i's
otTthe rest eoar of India, keipiu his h vi l
in by overhauling now ard then a Yi'.l '
ship. His litest was m.i Emma, of r.
York, fh'j very best ph-.ro f. r .a hhi;, i J,,,ii
from,;iccoi'diiigto Srm ne-. Can wr n ii Imny
up the Volunteer XavyT'
. Tub New Ct'imiiKCT C mi v. Wfii.i-i
one week from this date there will f--nt to
Rirhmond fr m the pns.-es of thisiitv i.u
uiili- ns of the new currency. The r.ivnb-r of
Hif .ers has b-e.n I irgt ly it: reasH. M t:iy of
these are ladies We haru thit thi is-t
from the " mills " will be at the r ite f tw
millions a day. Columhin South L'miuijn.
A correspondent from the front, nar Jack
sonville, Florida, writing on thy C:h t thj
Savannah R'pvblirtn, says they are diily
expecting an engagement. The e'lemv havn
been driven inside the Throe Mile Branch.
They eceupy from there to Jacksonville. Tt.cir
force. are variously estimated at 15.000 to
25.000. Gen. Gi. more is in command.
It is reported tbjt on last Friday morning,
Moby attacked the Yankees iif.ir Charles
town, Va., killed a major, t!ire raptxiua and
a number of privates. Inside cipturiu
twenty-five prisoners, with their hor.ei ai.I
equipment. Our loss hon.
From the Obs.-rver.
FAYETTEVILLK MARKET
March 17. lci.
Baeon - 3 25i3 .r0
HsHrf. 1 .'. v
Beeswax '2.5(13.00
Hutter f,.ou
Ctt. n 1.75;;, 2.12','
CofTee. 15 iH.'bit
Cotton Y .rn. 2(K 50.00
Dti-'d Fruit......... 1 n c, m4
Kpsr v :..2.r.u i ,i".z.
Kxtract LogwHod a ik, s
Flour 225 'i 210. f)
Flaxseed y.uu'-i 10 U
Fodder x 11. i o
Hay lo.oo
Shack 10.00
Grain Corn 22 50
Wheat 22 50m 25
Rye 20.00 "
Oats .. 10.00
Peas 25.00
Hid.t Oreen 2.50.1.50
Drv 4. 50 . i 5.(0
Iron Swedes 4.00 J 5.00
J&rd won mm a 3 '0
Leathers-Upper 1 5.00
Sole I5.no
Liqo ra Oorn Whiskey 7i 0o
Apple and Peach Brandy 70.00
Mola-ses 25 (mtrZC-.M
XaiU 4.00? 4.50
Unions - 15.(0
lrk f0
Potatoes Irish 15.00 20.' "
Sweet s.i ov lo."
Rice 1. ooft 1.25!
Sugar 8 00 (3 10. 00
Soap Fa.milv Bar 1.00
Toilet 2.00
Fayettevill ? 4-4Sbeetings Faetory price
to the State 1.25
Retail to others 1.40
Outsiders' prices 4.50
Sftl t MfMsssftMs 3 1 00 40. C
Ta110VTmm -isis nmw 2.sS0
Wool A .(0
iffiriti" TapmtiM 3.9f it g'-