THE CONFEDERATE.
. WKPXESPAT. AUGUST U, 1834.
Pflte.
It it a very easy matter tu draw the line on
which fur and legitim-ito propositions may
be made, on which rightful opini ms may be
held, and on which lull discussion irav be
had. It waa not always wise, but it was
never criminal to express a wfsh for peace
to urge the grnment to make every effort to
commence negofiaiions for peace. This waa
not always wise, because, up to a very lata
mrioJ the enemy had shown no inclination
whatever to listen to any terms, txcrpt the
humiliation of an abject submission. Neither
the Fedtral Gorr rnmentnor the vankee people
bad given promise of any inclination for
other terms. Until a late - period tx the for
tunes of the war varied ; and theush the true
brave, patriot spirit looked assu-dly . fr a
final success, it was oblir-d to nerve it1 If for
the naduruncc of much trial and d.iuger, in
order to its achievement. Last rummer and
fall, when the peace cry ' in North Carolina
was most noisy, was a most inopportune and
inappropriate period for such demonstration,
Thn, the balance of success wan with the
north. Di-aatt-r had settled heavily urn
we, and the cry for peace in uch a time, was
like the cry of "enough" by the beaten pugi
list when he ives up the fight. So far from
operating well, the natural effect rf t-ush a
err at that time waa to stimulate our foes, to
inspire unaoiraty in their counsels, to strength
en their energies, and to make their demands
raore exorbitant and more imperative.
That such effects were produced, abundant
testimony has been afforded. Now, however,
after a campaign of uninterrupted surces; af
ter wholesome legislation by Congress, whch
has revived our alFdrs ; after a succession of
gloomy and desponding reverses su-taiaed-by
onr enemies, it w not unfit that an effort at
suspension of hostilities, at armistice and nego
tiation should be earnestly .made. The time
had become appropriate, and the evidence of
this fitness is seen in the strong and continu
ing evidences of the favorable consideration
of onr ofisrs. It is true that s far an Mr.
Lincoln has spoken, hehas pat down a broad,
flat foot upon the efforts to negotiate; bnt
Mr. Lincoln is not the man he was last fall.
He is not the hed of a government victorious
by its armies, and in attitude to command
terms. He i? not possessed now of power
for the length of term ho had then. The
sands in his glass are running out. and about
him. in front, on his flanks and in his rear,
are influences the opposite of his, which are
grown to strength by the earnest and suc
cessful blows which we havQ strickon, so that
their potency is recogn:zed and can make
itself felt. To help these iufluences in a
a prudent and sagacious manner, is both ri5.1t
and proper.
So far tt th peace movement o-nfem jdi
tsd an active, constant and energetic assis-
tJince to the government in bringing about
n.-o:iatin, it never c-ul; be criminal, how
ever it times it might be impolitic and annoy
inz. Bat th-j criminality of this who!e aTiir
has consisted simply iu this that tu some
cases, really disloyal men who coveted the
failure of cur arms and caue, whose allegiance
had never been given to the government,
who still looked with reverence on the an
cient flag, now disgraced in the ha;.dsof oar
iuvAder, ail who longed tor some opportune
moment when tonus could be made with the
Lincoln government on the basis of surren
dering the S mthcrn nationality, statUd peace
mevemejits to delude the people and to effect
their objocts.
Other men, ambitious politicians, and viith
al nrtcrupulous, though they bad led the way
in the commencement and prorniFed Hrgely
towards the support of tho war to a final
separation, began to suspect that the people
were becoming wearied of the trials and
hardships, and ready to jump to any terms of
fering hopes of peaee ; and they aeiz-d on
peace as a hobby, without, in the first place,
calculating how far out of the path of patri
otism they might be led. By degrees, how
ever, when theirtcondact came to be criticis
ed and censured, they at once began to nse a
hatred of the national government, comt?en-
ced to threaten and denounce it ; to misrep
resent its action, and so array it before the
popular bar as to destroy the confidence of
the people in its integrity, and prepare them
to Iwk elsewhere than to the prescribed and
legitimate sjurcee for obtaining that peace
which they desired..
In this way came about the plan of sepa- -rate
State action through the power of the
people a plan which would hare sought to
withdraw the North Carolina forces from the
field to turn them on the Confederacy which
plan would have sought an. alliance with the
enemy, and looked to the reconstruction of
the Federal Union for North Carolina.
That such were the objects of these men,
has boon distinctly proved, and any amount
of testimony to this effect can now be pro
duced. All this and much more that was
pnblishcd in the papers, and resolved inq
: i i .i r
laeviiugs, km pps.ee on roe streets ana on
the stump, was seditious and criminal. And
herein statists the criminality.
Bmt all this we have discussed, and oar
opinions are before the public. We are coe
tent to transfer the matter bow om ef oof
hamts so far as the past is concerned.
The successes of onr srms since the spring
campaign cosnmeaced the manifest discour
agement in the country of ear enemies the
prospect of a bitter political contest among
them the period of a change of administra
tion all these things point to this as an ap
propriate time fer argent attempts at peace ;
and onr Government we have no doubt avails
itself of tbe occasion ; and if 11 r. Lincoln will
; consent loan armistice, stop the daily blood
shed, let the two nations appoint commission
ers, either by the respective administrations
or by delegates to a Nastional Convention,
(the Government giving its assent) and there
in let all matters of discission bs deliberated
and resolved, subject to the decision of the
constituted authorities upon the traety ulter
timatcly to be made. If this can be agreed on,
there is then no hindrance to the presenta
tion of any plaH of settlement which individ
uals ut States may propose.
Then, If the North-west should furni-h in
duceroents for a separate alliance, or if the
whole North should 'fler a re-union compati
ble with the honor and safety f the South, all
this-would be matter for consideration; and
then these various propositions couid be open
for discussion among our own people.
For ottr own part, we see no plan of safety
but in a permaneat separation; an.d we ran
think of no condition of things which would
mke us a willing recipient at any rsconstruo
tion. But the recognition of cur nationality,
the proclamation of au armistice, will enable
the two governments so to prei?nt trie points
of dillerence as tu elicit the publ c sentiment.
A powerful party at the North-is lusing
its political statu on tys ccurse of policy ;
and we may look to see its bold and diafinct
announcement when the Chicago C-nveutiuu
in set .4 in t: e lst of ?his toooth. IT we suffer
no a Ulster ly Urfal eurarnrsi tVr n.w time,
it is cot urrcasonHl.l- to hope lh;.J. Lincoln
himself may plaU, his etandard upo the
r;unpartof pace. .
Constitutional Law.
Lot those now who are for assuring the ob
servance of law, show their works against
their pro'essions. Let it begin with the
Legislature. let that body thoroughly
purify itself first of all members unduly elec
ted, as where the resignation of 31 office
hol4r has not been open and public, let it be
made clear by proof, on investigation. Ths
provision of the constitution is a wise one ;
but if it were not, it is an existinv provision,
which every number when he qualifies, sicejrx
to support. It i- to be expected, too, that the
Legislature will take care that no criminal
disloyalist shall be permitted to sit' in either
body. Our forefathers would have made
short work in the old revolution of any tory
who attempted to foist himself into a Wnig '
Legislature.
Now, it has beea proved and published,
i that candidates, in so:e of the counties, were
not only members, but initiators of others,
in the secret tory society called "Heroes of
America." Son:e few o? these have been
elected. Will the Legislature allow such
persons to retain their sets? Wht a spec
tacle will be presented if such be allowed I
The vast loyal body of cit zans in t'ye State
the Hval soldi?rsiij the field, legislated for
and bound by laws emcced by the votes, of
men wh;i are in league 8jfa.in.st them, agaiut
( thrir g fvsrnment is tiais of wr, and are as-
i ciated with toe public enemy by sf s ar.d
! gripj under mutual obligations to each tti-r
j for reciprocal favor ; it were a disgra&t a:id
I stigma. Tha loyal seoti-neut of tl.e State will
never tolerate it; th soldiers wiii uoi sjomit.
to it. If uny thing will be iike-y to pro
duce revolt and forcible resistance, it wi b
the endeavor of these "Heroes" elect to take
scats in the Leis'arure. o
Wkat will Hertford, and Gates, and Ceowaa,
S1 Perquimans, aad Craven, t lie ept-ressed aet
j deaolatei and detryl y the iavajer, eay te
havisg IIro?s," leagued fer protcti ia .
their own behalf with tue very ynkees wb
hav robbed thxir Bomestads, fr our lawgii
mrs Never! Tac Lsgialaturg will never permit
it.
Aed ia wht better plfgHt d they stand,
pray, wherua.oa the same tiskets with these
"Heroes,' who contributed to their olostioa,
and derived their own success from tho jint
opcratiea? Will it be aatUfaclory that tness eon
tenlio support Gov. Yaaod's admiaistratioa T
Tbat they give a kick at his eppoaent by
declariag that 'he was a harden oa their shoal
dors ?" It does not appear to oar mind to be
entirety Magnanimous to join the cry agast a
friend, because he has fallen ; nor can tee per
eieve any beldaes in such an asaault. We
see nothiag to applaad, in tuehmea declaring
their purpose to aupport Gov. Vaaee's admin
istration They are not laborers ia the vine
yard oven at the eleventh boar. They are in
to eat the grapes and drink the jaice, after the
frut has been gathered and prosrvod. Thoy
are not werrh oveo a peaay.
To strike Gov. Vance's 'tpponeat when he
was in tho Sold, and could fibt, required
some nerve ; for those who struck wen ob
liged totske as well as give b?ewa and the
contest was a proper one, if waeJ conscien
tiously for the public good.
Bnt now, whoa hois defeated and captnred,
it is the opposite ef manly and just, for those
to assail, who foajht on toother part of the
same field uaderhis ban norland escaped cap
ture. This is simply desertion to tbe ether
aide.
The deserter may be received, but we do
net see his claim to exaltation or praise.
Gxobgia. Sherman is josing strength eve
ry day by battles, deaths and desertion, while
we are gaining every day. They get no re
inforcements aad can get none, while we have
been heavily reinforced and. are expecting
ovory day to hear that his lines of communi
cations are cut off Time is all we want to
annihilate Sherman's army, and time he seems
disposed to give us. Ti strange that he
does not attack as, when he mast see that his
chance of success are daily becoming less and'
less. Has his courage failed him? Or did he
ever have any to fail?
The IJon. C. L. Vallaadigham is announc
ed to deliver an address at Venango, Crawford
eousty, Pono., oa the 10th of September.
lehtdnle PriCCI. (
. - i
A few ds since wo, the senior Editor, j
noticed the concurrence of our associate, Mr. j
German, is ths schedule, of prices fixed for I
the months of August snd September by the
Commissioners. We are obliged to dissent j
from this opinion of our associate, which we ; boped that other and abler fisanejors would
learn from "him was not intended to give his j have taken up the subject, but that not hav
asseut to the action of t e Commissioners, but ! iD bcCD th: fasf - w rPty undertook il
the ex rbi tan t standards, to the prices assess
ed. V e do not mean to call in queti tbe in
tegrity or good intentions of the Commhtsion-
' and we fnlly appreciate the difSculties of
ers
their position ; but we do think their schedule
. -. ...
is manifestly an error, end one watch, if per
sisted iD, will be productive of injury to the
public. We adopt inthe main, the reasm
in of the State Journal, whose three succes
sive artiJe we will publish. We will not ;
further cutr into the surjwet, iha to express j
she hope that thee ar.tidfs wi l be rrad, and
tnat they may. induce the Commissioners j
themselves to re race their action : j
SCIIBDCLR OV PKICS3 I NOSTH CaBOLISA.
li bas btruek us as, somewhat ttrii-g that
thfc should be such a Ktrthi;g diffcrci.ee be
tween the schedule of prices iu iortb Carolina
and Virginia, yte touca me conjeei wi
raucb debcacv but with the best mteutions. We
Lave the highest regard for the wisdom, ptirx -tiem
and integrity of the Commissioners of
Appraisement fer the State; but we believe
that a calm aad deliberate examination of ths
8chedul,of frjcej adopted by thews, for August
and Sptfcrobr, will convince even themselves
that tky bavc acted auwtsely.
Tbe CorociiffrienerB of Virgiuia adopted and
publishtd what Was universally regarded high
ly remunerative, if Hot exorbitant prices, for
last May and June ; and owing to ths deprecia
tion ot tbe currency and tbe pressing wants of
tke army, tbe peepie and tbe press cheerfully
acquiesced in them. Oo their schedule for
May aad June, they proposed largely advaaced
prices far July and August. The press took
up tho sneject. To the press the people re
spooded ; and tbe resalt was that the Commis
sioner convened, reconsidered their action,
abolished tbe advanced prices set forth in their
July atd August schedules, aud with slight
exceptions, re-adopted the schedules for ilay
and Judo.
Tho Commissieatrs for North Carolina, like
the Commissioners for Virgiufh, hav fixed' and
proposed prices, for August aad September, far
ifc advance ef those fixed for Juue and July ;
when, it appears to us, for several reasons,
taVy ought t'hav beta leas. We gptak oaly
of tlie peceftaris of life, aad f those articles
ef fcd, raiatout a&d mechanician! which are in
dispeasably necrssry for the support of tbe
por a iid of all classes of uoa producers, aud
for the proper maiuUinance -ef the army.
We Select a few articles to illustrate the ad
vance on the Juae and July prices .-
Bacon -hiimi aad side 33$ ptr cent;
shoulders, o0 per cent ; joxvles 37$ per cent
Beef fresh, net
dtiii per cent
y salted.
Candles tsilow,
44 Addmantino,
Trace chains
Cotteu raw, per pecad,
Corn uashellvd,
Feddrr baled,
44 un baled,
Hay baled, ,
4 u baled,
Horses, artillery,
Iroa Pig,
square,
hoop.
44 flat or baud,
bt iler,
castings.
Je.n, woel domestic,
Lard,
Mules,
Nails,
. 0.-ts, fhf tf, .
" 44 shelled,
Ouiftns,
Shucks,
Potatoes, Irish,
sweet,
Pork, freb,
44 svlt,
44
G7
22 J
60
20
50
57
20
251 7
50
63$
16$
6G
16f
(SbJ
10a
50
33$
87$
100
25
33$
66
60
.33$
25
cc .
(t
t(
(i
it
it
it
.
tt
it
i i
tt
ti
ti
ti
tt
it
tt
ti
,t
t(
it
it
it
i
it
' 4t
t
((
t(
it
(
it
it
ti
t
While the pricks of all tho articles eaum cr
ated above, are an advance,, ob an average ef
fifty per cent, on tho prices of Juae and July,
h-t a single article in th schedule is diminish
ed in price. The eonsequetco ef this is obvi
ous. It for example, it tok five hundred tail
lions a year, at tbe prices established for Juue
and Julj, to support the army; it will take
seven hundred and fifty millions, t tho prices
established for August and September, to sup
port it for the same time. Is this wise policy?
We all know or may know that as eur paper
money increases in voiuaiu, beyond tbe aiMinnt
necessary to support the government ano an
swer tbe demands of trade, its value decreases.
We have all had a trial cf this. The people
teak a lesson in tbe school ef experience yi
this important snbjsct, but some ef tho?e who
have the managimf ot of the people's business
seem to have forgotten it.
But there is another view of the matter.
Steps were recently taken, and are now in
progrc ss of execution, to enhance the value
of the currency and establish it on a sound
basis, aud const que ntly to restore the faith and
credit of the government. With unexttm pled
cbeerfu ness did the people submit to ehor
mons taxes and to the euormcu- depreciation
of the old eu rency, and for no other purpose
tan to improve the currency and relieve the
govern nnt from embarrassment. But what
have they g.ined by all these sacrific h, made
with fcuch commendable alacrity, if -the pricrs
of provisions and of every commodity that
support life and enters into tbe trade of the
country are to be increased fifty per cent., and
the country be aain flooded with a depreciat
ed aud constantly depreciating currency ?
We have already stated that the press, the
public and the farmers, in part, all united in
condemning the rates of the Virgin Com
missioners, for August aDd September, as toe
high; and that those Commissioners, deferring
to the general desire, thus manifested, recon
sidered their ill advised action aad re-adepted
ineir scneaute I or May ana Jaue. AccorJ
to this kchednle, prime red or white wheat is
jicc dollars a bushel and flour twenty -tw to
twenty eight dollars . a barrel, according to
quality; with the addition cfjityper cent., on
those prices, for all the wheat and fivur which
shall be delivered during the month of Au
gust. Thus, for the flour which tbe Virginia
farmers delivers to the Government during
the month August, he will receive thtrty
three dollars per barrel after that month, or
daring the month of September twenty-two
dollars per barrel. For his wheat delivered
during August, seven dollars said Uttii cents
a bushel, and in September jvot dollars a
Dosaei.
Now our North Carolina Commissioners
assess the price of floor for August and Srp-
lemoor at sixty dollars; and o. w brat at ten
iur n sixty aonars; and o. wbeat at ten
Innr.? 17 -UbIe rl?ViB th
tances, of ths same article in Virginia.
ay is this? Whst is there to justify it?
dell
instances
Why
Can the North Carolina farmer .not afford to
supply tho Government and the people with
provision as cheap as the Virginia
farmer? The advantages are all on the side of
the former, but we cannot pursue the subject
farther today.
, We repeat, we dissent with rmrh delicacy
irom inescaeuu'B oi ur tniitiiHi"urti uui
: we hope to do it so respectfully as to elicit
thHr approbation of our motives. TTe had
i tx I1U V A M Vfc IV A i i u - u fi iiv mem IVI .
For the Legislature and Sheriff.
WiLCSs-Secate, Bogie 338, Martin 305,
jcbols u 12g,Rheim 127. Common, Hr-
ton 670, Calloway 390, Hampton 225, Wel-
borne 390, Stout 122.
The army vote added to the citizen vote in
WCkes will give' Gov. Vance a handsome ma
jority iu that ccusty.
It is reported that the deserters got pos-
session of the p-lis at one of the precincts in
Wilkes, and gave fl. Men about 100 votes. If
this be true, quay?) Should the votes bo
counted ?
fiATiPi Cn. VtnirA TtrA -l..J.
the Commons over Manning, by from 125 to
150 mtjoiity. Mis H. Eure is elected to tho
yeuatfc fram Ciluwao and q
' """"" VV
position.
Franklin Senate Harris 437. Crndup 360,
Davis 463. Pearce 333. Skeriff-Gupton 707.
Jalowkll SeLate Gen. S. F Patterson
187 ; his majori'rj in fh District is 330. Com
mons Isbelt 363, Bernhardt 244. Sheriff
Little elected. . .
Haywood Senaie Col. S. C. Bryson. (Con
fed ) 240. R. M. Henry Holdenite 108, D.
W: Siier Conservative 128. Com moss Dr.
S, L Love Canfed: 295, Dr J. H. Estis Hcl-
Idenite 125, Capt. W. A. Freeman Conserve
j five 20 Gov. Vance received 378 votes, Hol
der 103 a portion of the army to hear from,
which will increase Gov. Vance's vote-
Cbavkn Core Creek 'vote-Vance 18, Hol
den 1. Seuate N. Whitford 31, W. D. Ferrtbee
4. Commons- C. A. White 25, W. B. Laws 19,
T. H. Gaskins, W. W. Fife 5? W. C. Loftin.
Sheriff A. C. Latham 12, S. Fowle 8, S. E.
Street 21.
o
Jackson Senate Bryson 221, Ilenry 76,
Siler 13. Commons Enloe 183, Crimmion
111, Keener 97,
Macon Seate Bryson 191, Henry 193,.
Siler 71. Comot;s Lyle 271, Crawford
47, Andrews 39.
Na.h. Talor elected to the Senate, and
Harris to the Commons the ILldon candi
dates received loss than 60 votes in the county.
Aksck. Senate, Smith 554, Walkup 156.
Commoris, Dargan 413, Li!es 281, Crsiwty
188, Polk 230, Hariee 66, Barnes 150. Shvriff,
Fkidu 451, Pope 159.
Ashe Countt. For Governor Vance 492
Uolden 25. Spirit Horton 396, Speer 88.
O.mmons IfcMiUan 282, Duvll 1S3. Cal
vin Ellar 66, D. W. Ellar 2. SherifT Dick
son 288,Carwn 222.
Alleghany Vance received a large ma
ority, the precise vote has r.ot h$eu received.
Senate H rton 206. Sptei 58. Ci mmor. s
McMillan 292, Duvall 20. Ths army vote
for Ashe and A I t,rianyha8.notb.:en received
it will increase the vote of those elected by
the people. .
A correspondent calls onr attention to the
vote of Stokes lor Governor s published ip
some of the papers .Unsays it is published
'Vance 448. Hdden 331. Vance's vote
is right, but IJr.lden's is put down 100 too
many. I am ashamed that he got even that
many without having a hundred added to the
number."
The vote for Governor iu Hertford has also
been erroneously printed. It should be
Vance 503. Hoiden 3. For the Senate, Col.
Jas. M. Wynns received 2 76, aud Capt. S.
Taylor 148. For the Commons, John A.
Vaon 351, D. W. Lewis'26. For Sheriff,
Hare 313, K. Parker 113, J. H. Liver man ia.
We arc ai'so notified by a correspondent
that there is an error in the annciuncemeut
of one of (he Commoner s elect from Northamp
ton couuty . The members from this -county
are Job a B. Odom to the Senate, and S. T.
Stancell and Wm. J. Rogers, to the Commons.
Mr. II. was elected by threv maj rhy, eTer S.
J. Calvert.
Mobile.
By the last advices wf have, Fort Morgan
was safe and the garrison in fine spirits. A
number of the enemy V fleet had passed J that
fort and thereby gotten between it and the
city. But there is another formidable fort
.and several powerful shore batteries above ;
indeed the defences of Mobile all the way up
the river, are of a character and condition to
e
inflict immense damage upon a hostile navai
force attempting to make its way up to the
city. We make this statement on the au
tbority of journals in a position to b accu
rately informed in the premises, and 'unless
we have been grossly deceived by these jour
nals, the Yankee vessels, after flipping by
Fort Morgan, will just begin to realize the
perils and obstacles that they hare to encoun
ter in an advance upon Mobile by way of the
river. Our recent despatches from that quar
ter breathe no despondency or sla re at the
loss' of onr Rams, but speak of the slate of
affairs there as hopeful and cheering. We
shall soon learn the result .of the further ope
rations of the enemy with a view to the cap
ture of Mobile, and we look for them with
confidence that all will be right.-
To Absemtces rsM Gin. Basringeb's
Catalt. We call the atteution of all ab
senteoa Irom Gen. fiarringsr's Cavalry Brigade,
j to Uoseral Order, Ho. 22,
! Wer. . Officers and ea
r . ,
Pr lem wbo do DOt 1
to General Order, No. 22, to be foand in this
absent without pro-
report immediately,
:- wi'l be at once arresed or reported, and dealt
with sunjmtrily.
TEUE GRAPHIC .
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
From Atlanta.
ATLANTA, Aug. 10. Nothing occurred along
the linos yesterday, except the usual artillery
practice and the firing between the sktrmiehers.
Msjo" General Bates received a slight flesh wound
in tbe leg.
No serious resalt is apprehended from tho ene
my's maning on onr ri bt and endeavoring te ex
tend their lines in the direction of the West Point
railroad.
A few shots wer fired at the city yesterday.
Brisk shelling commenced at 11 o'clock last night,
and continued four hoars. Ne personal casualties
are reported. v
'
From the Xorlb.
RICHMOND, August 11th. Thnrs day last the
Ordnance Depot at Cit j Point exploded, killing a
' large nuinbe r otyankeo soldiery.
The New York Times says that a large force is
! concentrating on the upper Potomac to operate
against the rebels in that section. Grant and
, staff visited Harper's Ferrr on last Sunday.
! Private advices from Kentucky represent quite
a revolution in public Bentiment progressing in
that State. Several prominent citizens, hereto
fore Union men, are pew co-operating with the
; peace party. The residence of the widow of thelste
Major John Seddon, broth-r of the - Secretary of
j Wr, in Stafford countr. was burnt bj order of
nutter, in retaliation- tor tbe burning ot iloit-
gomery Blair's house, near Washington.
Norihcrii News.
P ETERSBURG, Aug 12.,-Xorthern dttcs of
the 10th contain unofficial dUpatchcs, which
claim t great victory for Averill over McCaus-
1 nd and Bradley Johnson on the 7th. near Moore
field, Hardy county, Va. Tbey also claim five
to six hundred prisoners, trains, colors, and standi
of arms captured.
The Commercial Advertiser of tbe 9th., says
Sherman and Thomas have both telegraphed to
Washington, that Atlanta will fall this week, cer
tainly. It also say3 that a rebel wagon train,
numbering thirty-five wagons, were captured in
Loudon connty,
Nothing from the army of the Potomac.
Four expeditions have entered Florida, destroy
in, the railroads, burning briages and committing
other depredations.
.Gold 254). '
Further Item the North.
RICHMOND, Aug. 12. A special dispatch to
the Whig, from Petersburg, says Northern datoa
to the 10th have been received. The rebels were
completely worsted in the fight at Moorefleld,
with a lots of tx hundred prisoners, and were pur
sued by Ave ill twenty-five miles. Bradley
Johnson and staff, colors, and artillejy trains,
and a quantity of small arms, were captured.
McCausland" barely escaped: Johnson wore no
insignia of rank, and subsequently escaped.
The campaign has opened actively, in Florida
and ia being prosecuted with great success nndcr.
Birny.
Nothing from Gra&t or Sherman. All quiet in
front jt Petershnrg.
fsiCOND DISPATCH.
RICHMOND, August 12. Baltimore papers
yesterday have been received. The yankee caval
ry have re-occupi' d Martiroba g. Sheridan re
ports l is forces moving up the Shenandoah valley
against the enemy.
At 4 o'clock on Wednesday, skirmishing was
going on in ten miles of Winchester.
(iraut has returned to C-ty Pint.
It is reported that Stanton has tendered his
resignation, which was piomptly accepted by
Lincoln. Other cabinet changes' are rported,
hut there seems to iff; no doubt of the resignation
of Statton, in consequence of a quarrel with fclair.
Front Atlanta.
ATLANTA, August 12. Iiiisk skirmishing on
ourextnnie feft.. The batterks upon' Marietta
street and Fast State read, opened upon the city
at one o'clock this morning and continued up to
the present time, striking a number of honses on
McDonough street. No casualties reported. The
enemy' reported still massing on our lalt, but
making no tfforts to ex-tend their right.
From Mobile.
MOBILE, Aug. 11. Heavy firing, reported at
Fort Morgan Tuesday end Wednesday. To day
the telegraph wire was cut between the city and
Fort. 4 Two vessels off Dog river bar this evening. J
Th hn-rr tit dm is rnvrri with fk .ftettnS tf ft
eral vessel,. Large quantities of tar pitch and
turpentine burned to prevent the enemy from
getting up
exists.
troops daily arriving-gocd feeling
From the Trns-Mistssippt.
CLINTON, Aug. 11 via MOBILE, Aug. 12.
ew Orleans papers of the 9tb have been re-
ctived. They say the Tecumseh struck a torpedo
opposite Fort Morgan and went down immedi-
atelr. All on board perio d, including the Cap-
- '
tam, excent nine prisoners. After pussmg tbe
nine prisoners.
fort, the Tennessee came up through the wooden
vessels of the fleet, delivering broadsides and
looking for the Hartford, the flag ship of Farra
gut. The IfonoDgahela bore down and struck
the Tennessee amid tbip. The Tennessee and
Hartford then got side by side, the former pour-
ing full broadsides into tbe Ilariford's port holes'
causing, as the True Delta says, learful loss o1
life in the latter. The Sackawana and others
came up te the aid of Farragut until the Tennes
see surrendered.
Tbe papers revert that Admiral Buchanan's leg
will be saved. He told them he would have been
wilting to die two minutes afterwards if he could
have sunk tbe Hartford.
Lieut. Corns to ck, (Confederate) and Prentice,
(Yankee are beth reported dead. ,
From Mobile.
MOBILE, August 14. Major Carroll, Agent,
hfs proposed an exchange ef prisoners, by flag
ef truce, te tbe fleet in tbe lower- bar. to effeet
the exchange of the Dauphin Island prisoners
, . .
xarragnt bwcw tue pmonen du oeen
placed at the disposal of General Canhy, and he
could do nothing. Arrangements was made to
. . . . . . , . . ,
send packages U the pruoners.from their friends.
. Oen. Maury has issued orders to the officers
and soldiers to remove their families forthwith.
v jj. .
Non-combatants are again ordered to leave tho
city. Heayy forces are moving in North Missis
sippi; their destination reported Mobile.
from Petergbirff.
PETERSBURG, Aug. 14 Tho enemy crossed
a division of cavalrv and nerbans some iafntrv
tb'e north side of James river last night, suppoood
vw uo uuij aeuioDau-auoa wane tee real olow
anv ii intended, will be struck earn h
Heavy cannonading has been beard bore for the
last two aays. n proceeds irom an engagement
between onr riv er batteries and the eneaiv'a
beats.
The enemy are attempag to ent a eaaal across
Dutch Gap or Turkey Bend, twenty miles below
Richmond, at a plaee where tho river is seven
miles wide and throe quarters of a mile across.
onr river natter.es opened spon tfle enemy's work
tng parties, and taerr gunboats responded without) Co.
a -,J-::s . . ' - .
luerHMiinuMgi cuii io nana some or
o ur batteries near hatSVs Bluff on the north sides
of James river from Petersburg. Borne HtUe ean-
noaading and pickst firing but matters cssapars-
lively qalet.
IBECOPP PlirAltB.J
PRTF.RRBCRO. Aur. 15. Abon t six o'clock
thi PTeoiatr cnniderabla inusketrv and cannona
ding sprung sp all along tho Uses and was parti
clsatfd in by boin sloes, aotmog mors uowever,
than the discharge of wet gvns sad small arms
by both parties after the tain which passed evor
the city.
From tbe North.
PKTERSBCRO. Aug. 14. The H-rald of the
11th contains five columns of tha procei lings of a
great mass meeting to nemiaate ' CleUan far
President. One hundred thousand jieople pros
ent. The (Joeeh of England in prorr:ir ParU.
meat, 'declared the purpose or her Gov
eminent to adhere to its neutrality p)icy.
The Herald says that Grant, when visited
Washington, left ;he urniy of tbe Pt .otc com
manded br Butler, aad intimates that Qjaoi
wadib Meade removed.
The Herald says if Staanton m removed, Butler
will be Secretary of War.
SBCONB ntHPATCH.l
RICHMOND, August 15. Baltimore papers of
the 13th have bean received. Notbisg definite
from the Sheaandoah valley. It is belived that
Early is retreating before superior forces advan
cing against him. A telegram from New Tork
reports the captare and destruction of aevea
vessels about sixty miles south east Saadr Hook,
by anew Confederate steamer-called tbe Tallahas
see. An arrival at New Orleans brings a report,
tht the Confederates are in strong force outside
of Algiers and were fortifying their position with
the intention of making it a ba.e of operations.
Guerrillas continue vsry active in Kentucky.
Staaton has not resigned,' but says having been
solicited U accept oftice, he will not voluntarily
relinquish it.
Petitions are circulating ia Ohie aso other
States, requesting a postponement of the draft
until an attempt bj made by negotjatien to secVe
peace h.asd vn the Constitution and the Uaion.
The Herald thiakstbe time has arrived when tb
administration on behalf of peace and Union innv
idvantageoublv open tho door to ermiitic and a
Convention of all the States. It advises Lincoln
to send three Coramiitsioners tu Richmond. .
The Paris Pree, under reserve, aaanunces the
conclusion of peace between German and Den
mtk terms unknown. Confederate loan still
advancing. United States stocks still further de
pressed. From Atlanta.
ATLANTA, Ag. 15. At a late hour yester
day eveuing the enemy attompted to drive in eer
pickets on the centre. After a sharp skirmish,
they were repulsed. Desultory tiring alone, the
lines throghout the night and to-day. But few
shells thrown into the city since thsy had tho
scriptual quotation from Jdebrew's posted on
them. A body of tbe enemy's cavalrv dashed
into Decatur "this p. pi. and moved in the direc
tion of Cobb'a mills.. A small force of infaatry
are reported in Decatur; Their actions indicate
aaother movement en onr right. Lively 'skir
mishing geing on in enr centre this evening.
Everything looks brighter and mere hopeful than
at any time since the siege began.
1 1
The Battle of Tnprlo.
We have received some reliable fiet3io re
lation to the late battle of Tupelo which are
interesting. The enemy was driven- from
Pontotoc to Tupelo, on Wednesday night, and
attacked in hi own p' ait ion Thursday by a
small part of our forces. The battle raged
furiously for three brurs. The results, ac
cording to reports of Ya: kc captured sur
ons, was sow 1 .700 killed and wounded.
Our less, all told did iOt excci-d COO. '
The enemy orcupird a very strong position.
G?n. Lee fell back to choose his own ground,
with the hope of drawing him twit If he
had accepted the invitation, it was tho belief
that he would hnve bees "bagged."
The Yankee General hearing- and belitving
as was reported by prisoners that Gen.
L.e had been reinforced by two divisions from
Johnston's army, and fearing to meet the at
tack rest morning, moved away at midnight
with Ms trait, and all his infantry, leaving his
I'altrries of flying artillery and his cavalry to
cover his. retreat.
On Tuesday rcorninfl our skirmishers ad
vanced, found the enemy in positiou, and sup
posed him to 1 e iti lull force. Ilesivy skir
mishing ensued, when one of onr regiments
WJ.S ad va i ced to thr support, ajid drove the
Yankees from two linos of their works.
Their jirtillery then advanced aud opened a
heavy can honudo on our ambulance and ord
nance trains and wagons, which, it was be
lieved on l urside, was a prolude b a general
engagement.
This pot occurring, our force made a forward
movement, when it was for the first titne as
certained that the enemy was in full retreat,
with Generals Forrest, Chalmers and B'll
pressing hotly on his rear. They hid castur-
j td a considerable number of the flying fee.
In the battle of Thursday Geu. Forrest had
j lI,rcu ""Tr? ttl,1,eu ,,,m ana i-n r nuay
i two. Dnnntr the er.rra2e1n.ent of Frida' a
it i. i 'ii-j .- i t. i
bullet cut oft oue. of his toes, aod severely
wounded another. This unfitted him for
borso'rack service; but. with the indomitable
1 j . . v. ,,
! in it
At the la est news the enemy was getting
! uiLOu c t ' C f au iiftcutK a mritlt ahv tstf4lew tn
j J . r,f .... .. J
A FEW IMPOKTANT PACTS
IK RFGARD TO
THE "SOUTHERN HEPATIC PILLS."
-i THSY are prepared from the hett quality
JLe of Medicine by the discoverer, now an aged
Minister f the Gospel, and are safe.
6 iiiey uiT6 ucuu auuvru lur years anu letiea
by thousands. '
3. Five hundred persons are known to have been
cured by them.
4. They are not recommended by the proprietor
for everything, but only for diseases which arise
from disordered livers.
5. Directions nd certificates accompany each
box and tbese certificates are from well known and
most respectable individuals.
6. Correspondents reci tuinend them as good for
Liver Disease, Chills and Fevers, l'ueamoxia
Jaundice, Dyspepsia, bilious Fevers, Bilious
KheumatUc, Worms, Plurisy, Bronchitis, ice.
7. Several gentlemen state that the use of these
Pills has been te them an annual saving of from
$1C0 to $200; they are the best plantation medi
cine ever onered to tbe public.
! 8;KSom Pbjilaf 'I? hheti. l0?',
scribe them to thir patients, and hundreds of
boxes have been sold to regular practitioners,
' - 9. During the last quarter, 2,890 .buses have
been seld tDruggitu, one in South Carolina and
one m .o th Carolina and some tune ago over
3t700 ynxt were ordered by DruggisU in one
town in Virginia.
! p"ce $s bo For 30 a d"?n bo
will be s- nt to any address. A very liberal dis-
; COUnt to D. u?iristi and countrv merchants. Cash
(new currency) Cb accompany orders.
1 r - 0
r0 SALS IN NORTU CAROLINA AS FOLLOWS:'
Lincolnton, S. P. Sber
rill,
Louisburg, J. Clifton,
Marion, Wm. Wakefield,
Pittsboro', J. Long,.
Raleigh, Williams A
Uavweod,
" P. F. Pescnd,
Rockingham, J P. Nor
thern, Salisbury, Henderson A
Ennis,
Hhelby, R. Froneberger,
Wadesboro', W. O. Ben
nett, WMteville, K. Hayaes,
WilmlnrUa, Walker
Mears,
" n. McLln,
" W. II. Llpnltt.
Albemarle. J. M. Bivins,
Chapel Hill, U. B. San-
' ders.
Charlotte, J. Nye Hntch-j
111 . -uswu
1 " ' J? . &. Carr.
i Clint n, Hubbard A
' n Y y n ia
KeW
Enfield, J Cn,
Fayetteville, IS. A. Sted-
man.A uo.,
Goldsboro', L n c a s A
Moore,
Halifax, J. O'Brien,
- Henderson. Wycho k
. Lexington, J. P . 8tina-j
son,
' Address,
' July 27-dtaw-twl
QEOR(.E W. DEEMS.
Goldfebor', K. Q.
n