PLEA OF THE®3I
ROAD ENGINEER FOR MORE
LIGHT—FOR MORE
LIGHT.
(From Augusta Herald.)
The Herald is in receipt of a re
quest from an engineer of the Geor
gia Railroad, a man who has spent
many years in the service of the
road, who has risked his own life
many times, both day and night in the
operation and handling of its fast
and heavy trains, who has had en
trusted to his care and watchfulness
time and again thousand's of lives
and many more thousands of dollars
worth of property, that this paper
also stress in its agitation and dis
cussion of the condition and method
of operation of this railroad just this
one little plea: Give the engineers
of the Georgia Railroad more light.
You would think that a railroad
realizing the dangers and hazards
that naturally attend its operations
would at least give to the engineer,
at his post of danger, and in the
blackness of the night, every possi
ble help and precaution and safety
bringing device, any appliance that
would mean greater safety and secur
ity, both to its own employes and to
the traveling public as well. Most
railroads do this. Nearly every up
to-date and careful railroad that we
know of, gives, or ought to give, to
its engineers and to its passengers
the best electric headlight that can
be bought, so that as many of the
dangers and hazards of railroad trav
el? .As long a stretch of- track as
possible could be inspected and guard
ed against by the engineer. But, un
fortunately, the Georgia Railroad
seems to be willing that its engineers
and firemen and train crews and its
passengers and the public must still
take their chances with practically
the old tallow dip, or a feeble and
ofttimes smoky kerosene headlight.
Have you ever seen a heavy pas
senger train on a dark night, full of
passengers, behind time, rushing
down upon away station without any
headlight at all—not even a feeble
kerosene? lamp headlight, such as now
used on the Georgia Railroad? It is
a grewsome, awful feeling to hear
the panting and breathing of the iron
horse, to hear the escaping steam, the
noise of the brakes, and yet to see
nothing until the train is upon you
and you then realize that it is practi
cally blind, that Cyclops, as it is, it
has even lost the use of its one eye.
It is even a worse feeling to get on
this same train and with the rest of
its passengers to go thundering along
in the Cimmerian darkness. And yet
this very thing has happened to the
writer, and that, too, strange to say,
on the Georgia Railroad.
R
While the Georgia Railroad, of
course, does not operate its trains, as
a rule, without any headlights yet
they are not giving their engineers
and employes and the public the best
and most modern headlight, such as
the employes and the public have a
right to expect of the service that a
modern railroad is in duty bound to
give the public. The real question
back, of the Herald’s agitation and
discussion of the condition and meth
od of operation of the Georgia Rail
road is one of better service, and
safety and security, em-
ployes and the publi Ave are
glad to give space t< plea of a
Georgia Railroad en .* for more
light on the Georgia oad. They
ought to have it and ablic ought
to have it.
•t
In fact, the Herald’s whole fight
is in the interest of more light being
turned upon the condition and meth
od of operation of the Georgia Rail
road. Mr. Bowdre Phinizy, through
a petition filed with the Georgia
Railroad Commission, has asked that
an investigation be made and that
more light be turned upon the condi
tion of affairs as they exist upon this
railroad. The plea of the Georgia
Railroad engineer, a faithful, com
petent and loyal and careful em
ploye of the company, practically asks
for the same thing, more light on the
Georgia, and we are confident that
the entire public, the whole state of
Georgia, is today asking for the same
thing as the Georgia Railroad engi
neer, more light upon the condition
and method of operation of the Geor
gia Railroad. And the Herald be
lieves that the people are going to
get more light before they are through
with the matter now under discus
sion.
HMM
The Storers have decided to make
their home in Versailles, France, and
those who are afraid they might move
next door to the White House and
quarrel with the Roosevelts over the
back fence can now breathe easier.
Typewriters
AT
Half Price
We have a large assortment of all
standard machines, which have been
slightly used, that we will sell on
guarantee, viz.:—
•
Fay-Sho or Rem-Sho .. $25 to S4O
Williams (All Models) ..S2O to S4O
Remington (All Models) sls to S6O
Densmores (All Models) sls to S4O
Smith Premiers S2O to S6O
Yost (All Models) sls to SSO
Write for special prices on any other machine
made. We have them in stock.
Atlanta Typewriter
Exchange
Seventy-one North Pryor Street.
ATLANTA, GA.
References: H. M. Ashe Co., Cen
tral Bank & Trust Corporation, R. G.
Dun & Co.
THE WEEKeA fEFFEESONIAN.
■—L A
198 Peachtree Street. - ATLANTA, GEORC . .
CHARTIER SHORTHAND]
makes HIGH CLASS stenographer in 6 to 12 WEEKS. Why spend 6 ■
to 12 months on out-of-date systems?
Our pupils learn to KEEP BOOKS exactly as they are kept in I
business.
FOUR MONTHS, S2OO saved on a combined course.
DORMITORIES furnish wholesome discipline and BOARD at I
ACTUAL COST.
A POSITION is secured for every graduate. *
WRITE TODAY for new and attractive catalog.
OSBORNE’S
Business Colley <
AUGUSTA, GA.
Salaries SSO to $60.00 per month are offered us almost weeklj
need men badly. Write us at once for catalogue.
r
DR. W. M. PITTS'
ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR
The Greatest Family Medicine
Dr. W. M. Pitts, who, as the originator of Pitts’ Carminative, has
been a benefactor to tired mothers and suffering babes, after a suc
cessful practice of Fifty Years, now offers to the public his Greatest
Combination of Medicines In PITTS” ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is
a great scientific medicine. Although new to the people, it is a great com
bination of health-giving medicines, and cures when all else falls. It puri
fies the blood, stimulates the action of the liver, bowels, and kidneys, there
by removing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from the whole system,
to aid nature in her work of restoring perfect health. It tones up the
stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing in the cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. The nervous system Is restored to its normal
condition, and many of the most serious ailments —such as sleeplessness,
heart trouble and the like —yield to the healing virtues of the Invlgorator.
In fact, it acts on every organ of the body, thereby curing nearly all the
different diseases of this age. Every drop of blood is affected and puri
fied by its use. The blood is the life, therefore if you get the blood pure,
all parts of the entire system will be brought under its powerful heal
ing influences. Antiseptic Invlgorator is rightly named, and it is one
of the greatest germ killers and Invigorating tonics now on the market
For sale and GUARANTEED By all Druggists. Price 50c and SI.OO
per bottle. If your Druggist don’t keep it and will not get it for you we
will send it, express prepaid, on receipt of price.
Pitts’Antiseptic Invlgorator Co.
Thomson, Georgia.
Chief Justice Fuller says when he
gets ready to retire from the Supreme
bench he will be the first to know it.
Still from the reports in circulation,
the newspaper men have beat him to
it.
One can hardly blame a congress
man for waxing (indignant at the
charge that he has been absent 95
per cent of the time when he is
sure that be has been present 10 per
cent of tin tfan.