gj mea
THE CONFEDERATE.
Cvh McIUe, the r-hisf editor of the Cv i
.i'rr:' hts Men Mr. PenttingUa'a editor: 1
?f y?erJT, refeiesee to lis publication
t.f tlm curd of Frank I. Wilsen. Vs tarn no
unit to Scd with thfi tune of the Mtie'e,
tltcwjb thore are itaistakes ia it? !tat?nri!s.
'.'here ..evar was an intircaey of anj kind
fv,'f;s n and Mr. Paa;n;tou. Wfaaw a jc-
deal r.f h?r. ia Newbar.i, aad concurred wi'b
h'.m acia?;;ii.eit. pf.'ip.-al aentisseaf; ttoash
really f st at t'l time, ('ua as 'sis vr.
b!e rouri-) whether tie supported va wbe:j a
.;-r.dH-'e i.Vthkt cosaly cr nit. 15 n vrp u..:
a ryn:p..iUj frl'eaninteu. Werbad ksowr
4
a iijic? isdu.rh..iesly. ea apparact'y
ba'-ertlv, and we wished him fcuecssr. ; -.-jd
.bii-? h : r wi w intiaiacy, and scirce r -.
:?. .ciatioi. ihr-3 vai fca.eur part a reap? ct
'u; kindly leeliuj;, which always prn.pir . a
" rteii tr.tierit wi.eu .rr ve once ate e
TV.,:, wi n:?t hiw :a K.tV'fh, anr psr.ois
i: toward-: hinj Lad nst cbiBged,
?.?h It:.- carc:; lets army, as v?! 1:4
h-ar;: it frvm :'a heal sourr es, bad cot fe-n
ru'.:b aj (a iucre.s'j our rar-eei. We therefore
jo'. hu:i ia very tear tbe tpirit of our farmer
a-f!'."a't2.0Le. We bscaiac a candidate vry
Ktn tfcere-.fter, if.d Mr. Pessiag'un w s
e.i;:ij a, j-'ofessed-y neutral paper ; and ti.
ilrt tbia a kajw ;hat hi practice was aif-f-rct
fr-m hit profjshm was, tLt he vent
.:5it of kit way to cot ice eriit -1 i-ill t the fact of
J.-J. i8ae's beiuj ia th a field, i:i ordr, to
stfikt asi(Uh'x jor w compt-iior. 'i'r.
3i: Vf heard vs, that ia a prir;c con?r
ation with (Japt. My.M, of hitf.-.rd ". rl-ir.st-t,
Lr s'."ir.f-i th vt " hxd c iurei "-im
;At tie sapi3rt of Du:as &'d tha !.-n- -tia-d
ki'a, and that no reiUucc .wj. tc b?
put in thf ubt.ily or ir:tojriiy cf Col.
lit c!:.ied thi-i aftisrarus, z-id !he
(;f veracity Ktiir?ndi Hteea irln
aad Cast. lTfrs. pr7ioMiir he kad sols
dar n to OlayUu, to v.te for Dr. Lchtht
:o!y .'.wbrn refae-j t'aat 'vc kuow of who
r;tti ?aii:bt ua.
Si. us we have h:a c?nafctd wita t.
('rfifcdrrtt, our purpose r-is hesa to dis,"ii?s
a": poli lie! pitioa ?s ublio. aiea shwvM
tf.kf, in a courteaa. rsp'!eifsl style, freely
?s fk-.-nld he rTcsir" for a fuil di?Tu3.ico,
bi. Utri. aid without p?r-v'".iai fTersc.
f-i i tho soiV;r of t! f:'jrti was ou--.
?.j',u eC-.irv to ar.il his loyahy,
f.'r :.! cvii'dei wre iojr.ri-j!., to the ca-e ;
but w astai'ed hiirt for his ppi-Ios, aoi
d A cai wrhiojs, f.itri y uo;ed, ner
w. -idyi-ij tw hiia epitheta of hrhb a ??.
i"des.i w i;d aot aliatie tc hiar or hi tapr
sf a:i. af:r rysy i'e'-s he had. iusidim?
ii i i-j it terms cf ,bust ?a
..-:" ii, U.S.! hs o:.?i-.;-! the cSu!nn3
'" -'. d'etre, to :-s.ait c. Though
r- r. ;. . to in pir:u:.t, tr:a: ha is entitlail
i ' t h-r 'ti-ifj ar'.i:-! attribs.tad b r tae
p. '.; '. t-? d ;,f
).: -vr, .... wa tatsd a day cr iwo slaca, tfe
r-:u : of rrtyres.i palc!if..d an cCrrtivs
ci:!.,.ii..,a,ra syahist- us, fro si ce "r.T-. c-
:il :j Il":hrfjrd. .S:V:rep.Kul'y he ex-
! .J ti-. Ida vegi'Ct; 'and fa:a 'if he Is ad
ts.' i.:.!' :cvs p- lion, he wau.d u.t bsrc
-.:.i i ii.
1 fter this, whea he
ta ir .t :
r ran t . v
r t".4. ! rf.- l?tt fcr ii.iL-y vr were
:! i"! to !!; '.- rider as istlcrii?le ry i
teca .:f ir.fui;.
I'i;!.!: u g;iT ij ask ad way we do 'iot
Ilr. Sj'itaV puli:a:ka .i ih-r ar.rf.
fitii !e :r. '.he ran-.e way ? Our answer is. that
-r :' tn4,;. i :'j f,'ta r'tzcuai is;::&
m 1
4.V.1 3fr. Ilcl ieTt, t f?ecl . ths election. V'e
:.)-4is blis our tiuis .
As ?v th c!:'cr s rofrsestios cf coolafss r nd
i -h' -s'. .ifld an for his reasons for hie courts
e.jaJrct w: ?a we ruse feina-cn the eiree',
xh t arti :uri t. tp-uk of. .We aia coa
if:t t-. leTe thi-m sncre he puts thesa. Sut
aa to our having .-iiir.ed a-a'st r.iui, we d?y
it. V e bve not dLe justictj to his iivurius
atd let irhfLiihle opinions, aad p&blicatictis;
nor h.ve the people of North Carolica, cor the
Gf.n-riKioiti", b:ate uor Confederate, done
prco-fr jv:?tiie ta hie, ana the mischievous
vf-.ari'ja tf lir. Fic'den. And ef? k;:e forr
h rce to participine in ti;a perseaal attarks
t;poii wim, while 'he was daily iasiuuatirig
tLakt x wrr a subsidized Editor." Y'e have
: t.t (showed in the allusioato his early carear,
and the variety of emplorsets t'aat he thrn
I'vllwed, btcau.e wc did act thii.k this qai'.e
iejidaau attack, thcugb be had provokrd
i;. He had the ri-ht to aelect hia calling,
a; d ii ' lot in life made his caliii. humble,
' if kh tte made it eccentric and not ako
jiu't dijulti-d, w- hf. rcthirg to do with
it;a-id, candidly, we thought ha was moro
b;iiie5S ia ahcaarly vocations, thac he ia
tow. Nor do we m-ka these allu.:cae to
vrr.usd or isjura. We are of tha tnanber of
iLosa wko hav a real, cat au afTected sym
pathy with these who struggle against mis
fortuna. Y"a ha?e tins alluded to the Kditar,-aid re
plied to hi i in eralrr to correct aisemrs aad
. haie tha pablic to rfcdera'aad oar positioaa.
Y- tat :ly " ditcaiin beik a neember .-f th
II. O. A.W kr.t wa disc'aiui 'the ufjer.es of
then, or mr.y " them. Ya reard tiim all
p - rin ijaU, whous the justice of tha c.'UDtry
Jht to ferret cut atid punish. Aad we
k :fe tl a Kditv r hat kept and will kaep so
cliir cf tttem that he may not run tie risk
of b:--. " f hot threads the hcaa." He Las
not playedWyaan v in so loc a tin-, tha?
f trhaps he cigar cot h? expert, ar.d wi hop
ed that, having bacenae a political eacr can
cer, a. e ii-al ai r e d tho practical tram. Y
ould nvi .vjid this ailucioB, f?r he iL?de Iho i
retort Leccteary. j
Afraid to'Btet Him-
Mr. IToJav ear wi' are frsil U "meet
iCr. Settle." Ad becare w fraakly coafesa
: td ? niu.-h, He styUs our " jtsoaa puerim
1 ffpj rielcabMJi." It eem jipisibU to
, ?!;. t r. Koliaa. liad fit met Sett It,
! we snould iave bea i4harariBisf far Tttc&"
i for Got, Vasct, ad 3lr. Holdes wvuld bay
! said bfbo!d tr? deBtruUve. If vr daciino
and confeas as -"' sr pjebeoyion of Mr- Sattje'
i prwweis," Mr. Ileldea says cur reason is
j purila aad tidi"loup,', and cadges tie with
' bi: g afraid, ilr. Iloldsn and Mr. Sett la
j rus.y bae sat ?, trap, bctt ihr e?wsbt io
I bird, excant tea rataer ieaa cocsaintiaa Mr.
! ijiay bar in fading ijs 4 f.fraid no eat
i b:r-' " .
Bji rray does-net Ma. Hcdda meet Gor.
i VapCH IIo has b?n of'.ea iaTi,td to do f ,.
Hehss nt tie excuse of a 44 reasoaab'e ?.
j prel;r-r.?ica." Hft don't want to 4 bAt-&rg';
! far vcts he ratksr have fiofne" 'ecdy ri-.e
! harasue f.'r hiai 4' fdadess, ffa!!-
' natri.-M.r ffeoiUan." Tkas sitcaUd, M',
- Jlelvleu would combine e;.?e with 5S.fety.-
I The oii.reet s.t,d corauVrate rnau !-.. .
erylK-iy, ere. Mr. IT! den hincseif, &?er?s
r to f.-t 1 ccadeet of his sfaat. But the tr!;e
4 ;nea of the State should nst be Katbfied wih
i r.ft 4)idinrfrr defeat of jais srch agitator t.nd
! disturber, of ur.aaicv'ty and caccura amc-::-;
(ur oa people, but they should g;oto wor.i,
er"W :i'n .of !en-, ;wi frm now till i'ie
! p'.l!s close or, tin. 4tb of AuUrt, labor with
a will aud patriotic fervor lr his oyerihrov..
The eletion of W. W. lloldec, wiih all hi
aiaoriiinable principles, will be a dUsraco it
the State. Mis defeat, by a Urge roa;ori:y,
' will live in history esdurinr testiroonial
I of the pat riot coinage aol ma'n'y fiJelity
! of her fotis. Let us not be satiffipd with
1 !.v3 tj-.an tWttity-Qre . teusaad- majf.rtty
; iSiMi h!ro.
! Ttfe rdrsti2l the Jfarke St'-ae, ef Cry
i Ditrict, ia this coKDtr, vast to Wis. Cox, lq.,
! r.-I at da 6ffi.'??v?t ef. refiuaei?. isn cf his
j ;;?fiti i s ifcs H O. A. soidaty; lint wesat
j recVdjyi lit Ufors .it a sr.t fr publicti.
Daea Mr .St. k is tes-i by tkia retrsjtisa t rt-
aai lsi esaectii with tk sacieiatia
W avait rea'j frw Mr. otons.
fs ara strpriifd t lera thst the kpsJ-.
ben f tk''3 2!jsr.ie Frataraity generally, . are
Ttrr i-i;r-.atit ac ttie att4!&rt to aasiTjilate it
with .keiafHrawu K.O. A. society; aad that thay
i a fi-jnauciij is bitter tar ma, Mr.-IU-ldac,
j tfec Pr:rlrrat, aiirf a'Ttrao hava unitei.Tv it h tpm
! in Ik's 5 aitaaapticg to sligssatizo their belated
I order. - '
Hr 5fd N. C. Cavaj,sy, Jaly 24, 1804.
!
j XiHToiiS CcwiEiKaATK : i 'ciifcvi'i tjiRt we
j b'?e frieufli? vrho bufe a evei v oecaioa wan
i ffs'.: sos Jesi fr in. nrc-pas to srite
J e s6it eied t 1ft thtrs kow Khcro vrc are
I iai w'fcit wo are d-'.cg.
j Our caBBi) is sitvatfd wiien a f?w miles of
retreburg. Ya . eu th. Weldcu va.'.d. Nsth
i iag r!.iiaat.ic r pictursqi?.a in Eceacrj. j;t.r,-:-T-i
r, bin vk toe cnotrar ro"?;;&t. rpu:iv t-i
i IkC- C-1?.. '-f " tr.t -S Nt f2?f-'.if
cjt i"i sr.-iv Ueo-iV-x paicwhst i.i;Tr-
ti. &i tl-: i'lea f our ?c:aj tf reH lar-acc-Js ;"
j v: t after Uc-iiag the r.-nr.vrr in Vai-..H w. wc-
I t ; i w . - ? fc.i. .uiiri, liifito 4;n z,' ij..c:f;;,
i
' -
2 S .1 !
j -.'..it & Sto?s-Ki4 1 -t jiTc b;iu a prcuiJ now:.
I ri vuif! i. ---I ec irrvrcRh s r.t i 1 cf the
! oit 2 C, ;afetj ar$;y ihc f-ih-5TT n;ut
; n-.vo .'.tr a-j fitvir tt'' ; sc L-y tvy yticU ! "
! T'anv. tck '.t, a i ? t we e.tj2irst w;'?t;v:y
j riV.".?
ciiar vet
os : .. we ?.ur cur govd
ia r-i i:ir cr i..ic.'r u nue.r-t.
brlr
j e '.?'.'' -5 s'ir? th?: b:f iuair.g of :bls iciugle
ic-iifo 1 i '.- i ty. J-tuch cuntii:u& arth-
tiktiiji, a 1.4 so Uute re,, that kasiy,.
! tarc-ugh ti'.r exhstutien, baee fcecriae tiu:--rriif
ui;95rrio3.&:e. ae c3u..ti ;n r-av.-al.-v
! oi th our faji-.i?r caouav.'B3 ; i.t't rettiil
I r. vililk'S radi i- trite aa orr.
j 'lit Iit CarvllK i-ld;jrs tr it no wits
' tearful of tav ;-c.'-si a? rtgtrd cur i.-idrvfu-
tcnC', cut lucre i esracir.'.'g g!V3 us reat
uas:-is.JS aad tWrvt th kmrr using idea cf
Lt.vi:: ;uch a tuitn as IIoldsx a tt vf
S(ut- Gr"Kt Qod ! vait iiVf cvr'fathrp, Wrtth
ers s.uii fritiid at h?rac tainkii.g c-f ? I can
tot belitva 'if- contatlate eliding such a
4.'reiure. Tiat. ssav rrhv kas foliated tha ca-
I piice? f pfclittci'-l fortn Merely fr tha
i of elf-Rirsraawiz'tarijt tno axualuineat. Wo
want Jio cj vum t :eTejn us bat- we do
waist a ttsunch, KCNtST, firn-j ud settrmiaed
r:a, a4 tbst ksb is Z. 15. Yarice. IlolWfa
ttck ii irrejc-firafely blcw par here. Etcry
brave, true-bt.irttd JSuthroa jurs an shuri3
it as b veuhl the vewi:nus aerpcut. We ia
t?s tc jive Y.r-.ce a deeded, tjcarimoat vote,
fill m!! T.r fcnr t V5f-ii( at feoitiA tm ci-'l lu'in
! this struggle; fv it i indeed i;e r,f as njurli
iapcrtawce aad vitality 'to us us the termiiia
tiun r.f tUiis ailitsry caicpaigH. This gubraa
ttrial electian will traly raiss u t the z?rith
of aur glory, ercoohigo ua to iaI.i!UT to th aod
Gf time. Tbe sable epirita of coir.iag g-.sra-
tioua weuid aiat taeir fijrjrs to our sc aad
say vitk marked emphasis 4Yur fatbern im
nicrtalize.d tbenaselyes in tbt ficiel, .but tha
alrctiau af I!slien as tbair Chief Magistrate
more than couuteraotad their lyr-eus retu'tg.
Ws ara tha euferer, and we fel tbat we 1 it-rtj
n rifbt ta spfak aaealy- aacf caiidiulT, I xlsr
j i'eel that wa have a rrght to prfFr adioe upea
lis e tnaroentaii' question, ileldea is ebucbheg
cttr the !c?!-tioB ' Lhs pr:ctisc-i upes. tha
pa!e by bis infiiruous teacr articles. He
1 Liiawii tiey are all atufF, and can effect notLioe;
I and nex i the tiiae, teiUw-fakliers aoi fr'uuds
at bora, ta lat hia kcaw tbat he bus aat a'uped
u. Aad tae'bebt way to do tali ia ta bury
hiai k dfccp beaeatb tba rates of kntti frae
men tbat be can never la rarrectel. Up
witb,DTi, Vance aad tbe rebel c&sse! Dwn
witb HUa, Lia jc ace boail&u, aad ;hcas
I micrub'i people," our noble ahJ iaajcaai
iaous Lee iDtaritbly teriS the Yankees! Our
c:iuse is juf-t and righteous ear leaders equal
ta taa times our prospects brilliaat! Eut
ftbe bare id-ts. af bating each a u.an aa fl. ldtu
I (jt tbink tf it!) for aur Gofernor, throvra w
j damper aver oor spirits, which caaoat be easily
ima;-.ad. Holder must le crushed. A'aace
shall be our Governor.
Yance ia the rata, '
j "Ia ijbt f raartal aaa imaiartal pewis,
j As ia a boucflleass tbesire ta run
,- Tbe? great" career of justice
1 Aud tLrougk the mists ef pt?sins and of
i And tbreub tb; tossistj tide of cbaace and paia
Ta hold hi$ course vnf altering."
AEMY NORTIISN 'VlRfilHIA, )
5afor.Berir.ada Hundred, Va., Jaly 21. j
i?far Cbrtcf-aitf ."Without introduction,
! apology or explanation, I will, with your per-
nuH&ion, recoiiot lucidents aa tney occur,
1 vrbich' raa' in a weasure teni to apptasa te
; anxiety nf your readers, who are-1 knew are
i rTer. locking: rrith aiixioua ycs ani heansJ to
our army t;d its moTeweritn' .
j T hate far eaveral days past enjoyed as j
i umusaAl qukt ot even tbo ehot at a istr,-y
"picket" . has bc-e-a beard to disturb the .dep
1 (silence which prevails. Artiilerar practice a
I game at wbicW the euemy . ued to dojight so I
j much to play uas been anaiidoaed, and na
atersii now really' oh good teruoa with t'.s. j
I Why be has eeen fit to anstain from "tiis prac- j
tice of lata, ptdtss it were tbiough fear that j
"be wotsld burtsomebo4ly," I shall n-t venture !
! to Miriabte, thwuh it is to be presumed that tbe J
j Viiost probable and best re.soa is, that he ia a 1
! little sinfrehenHve of wtkina uu oor lvs. i
I A wi
! who are generally apt, be knows, to handle !
! hitr roughly, and arc never content - without I
; having toe i&st-shot. 1 hough this itng
.til&ttcc i doobtie & pTt-imle to aficthor great
J starra which io brooding, and which is perhaiu
j destined toon to burst upon us; but lt ic be i
1 what it may, we i;jy let it come tbe ansa- j
Bermuda Hundred, as you arw aware, is j
not'uinrf more than a narrow neck ef land j
intervening between the Appoasattox- and j
Jaii.v rivers. This s?Kall scope, on account I
of its va.st itfjportanc as a depot for supplies, i
aud ss it. rendfe2vou3- tio, has been made ira- j
Pieg4-iable, aad U garrisoned prieci pally by i
the new levies of the enen-y, who are there j
underpin?; the ntuni drill and instruciien, i
which are requi-dtnnud neci?s.sary prior to their j
itceession to the "Grand Aiiny." Iiiirnedi- j
ately upon the Appomattox, at the terminus j
of the Port YVahh.Ui Janet ion Haiiroad, "which j
inteif-eel.s v.-itb the Iiictui oud and Petersburg'!
Road, ia il n little xillhge 'of Tor'. Walthall, T
which beftre tbo war was a place of consider-!
h!e lif.. and trade. Here tbo pontoon bridpo I
protected by hie ileet, besides to by nature, i
:.uu has fo.-ined .a con:mar,ding. defence winch j
b-ristle-i with his cannon. Near by if ths fa-!
mous and renowned "observatory' of which ;
ruu have heaul so iuuch talk, erected by j
J:.t!c-r, from which he had hoped to et a view
of the "promised land." This non-etudc-ai j
and queer ioohiror pieco of work, which is un- j
Kif .ce.ietited l any structure of modern titne, j
and hieb -i? d-ctd-diy- the biggest humbug j
ever yet ii.stm; t y ts-o y a n iif -e ,wffiOieij at i
a dh-tscrt, strikiu;;'y, tha app4.ttar.co of a
lar'c bf-lifrov. Now tbat its completion has i
bo en oe; fcr.
no :-no Cn" cor.ofclve oi what
- . "Til A
1 1 . u ....... . : .
ntv cixu;,, iw 1 :s4- J vtb u
sucn an exco;i nt tnrsf'c ana 13 ir taich tiae
for eur artilkrifts with
thcii parrolt i
suns.
Tho
I'housh rvobah!v 'die .UeMl n.-iW 'i
ieods havir.
i c?.veHea
intt)
piace or
i- I! !
biini-b. wb?re he can, afu-r twb
uht. tcpiir ii-it scoR 1..0 sa.itutt- ot night, I
ard by iis!-;-ing to tht lipplirg ar:u murmur-
ii.;., wares of the majestic Anpoartx, return
in fanoy to tho rutnatica oi his youth ngain. i
liiit ic cnnMwL b possible fur the risiaoof!
man to restore the .lijzht of the happy past,
v:hen he is ataind wins as naxu v crimes as an j
at 1
Aleiiiudei' 01 a C;c-.ur.
th-? mnoceol, ur d h;
w hen h
has murdered !
caused ii biC'd aid 1
as:..;in?Ii jbT her inr.oreut bsbc. thc heart of i
the tencfer K:ma'ie no. hscu: see nothing save
the iurifri of iaJl. Wo have frr'Hi Ov'r own i
-..".sjho ti.'iirtv.niiii'Oiit vijw ,f thb;
.vf r, and
t v o w r--;e ci n ! ; y :-urrc3.-.l;ijr
i lift i-cectr
is o)i.' --f eedi:. be;.:.u.y, ' revcalinif plainly
the duTrrcut ih.d"" vf i ho ' enemy's works,
wide h have the appearance (if being: very
n;rnfd:bi?.
i Tbe rf-p. r ibrt Oeu. Orant v;b;Ie --recon
in i f it
tin
1
13 iS i
j arin br..-?:y
.1
1.
- a
laiitreo by n
tr:n
one of
our butteries, and Las since tiied item iis am
pulation, cornioties yet to circulate. This is
tvn?inu:d by d-orters wh eemiug!y led it
with an air of trutb, !mt rvmeinbet i2 the
source from wh?rc it emanate.4;, it"wr-rc really
lUcuhu's Xu ac ;rf
it it. i i.c i.ar!K-e is ever
r t
if:! C! ii
and ? ".rank's, and were be t
t-sffuiiv deinde and 1':(1 us into the h
aiu: chuckle !
in iijs -s hv'.ccF'.vu. i ;rev-'
hv'-.ecf. r! i. .vr-.'i
A i.yaj Ih-covcry by our ?okiiers of late b&.s
been r'.-.ds, X'".f!i:"r by f.ir auythii:g vat
heard of, and which hevnd the shadow of a
oor. ot, taps mo. CiUn-
cities whie.h
j xr?. Miiovvn by tho eneta-y into j-ur ';iofcf, a.v,n
! which to ex plod, we nouncf.d uvon so
, M:o;i as they fall to the ground, wrth aii the
j f-H2'rhe.-s of a anther. rh"n'h f-prins upon
fill T .
nii: prey. i re juz- v-.-tnen . are oovta-n.-ti m
thesr niisfih's are cain,:os-.-d $ a be ioi.';:l com-
Vi. siV ji, next Uikin
to ?-;.;
i'slf. and ofien.
a .
I'-fur; worked up into rmt (f;.r w idcii pun.ios-
it is now being served by ntarly every sc. idler
in the M.rmy,) the difiVuvnee is bsm-ly discerni
ble. From the enormous qusauity vrhieh hiis
beti) manufacthred,ii ould b not ex?iigcra
tintr ty .-uy. that every young man-who has
an ink nd d haw ev.her presented her, or designs
oomg so looti, with one of thti'y bant! some war
prevents. 'J he demand for the pre -Hons metal
has "been s great that tbe supply is now nea r
ly exhausted, aod-eome rf thtni are actually
hears compiaining heaviif o' 'he eamy v.'hy
'. -. s aoi repieiut:' . :;-.
! -'- five been fa vc reel v. . . dghtful
rain, and feel now much refreshed. It has
heea continuous for two days, and ths-atmcs-!
pbero whiebfwas so ojtressive and suiiry has
j beta iooled down o a mild and moderate
temperature, aed our brave bTys instead of
being exhausted by excessive beat ifnd ramb
ling che woods over in search cf shade, are now
a hrisk and as playful as young lam'c'S:
. ' E.M. P.
j A Sure Test. Stronger than all certifi
I CcUes rmwever conclusive heae may he, or
j howerer rrspectabla their makers as to Mr.
j fiakeu's feelings ar.d designs towards the
i Conieeleruts States, is the evidence furuished
by ids paper, tho Raleigh Standard. We seed
j tot ra-s'ate this, but we ask avery oae of his
1 readers to look at his paper aud judge. And
j I. are is tha test which every man ca a apply.
I If I read no other paper than the Raleigh
Sia7idard, with what natian would I conclude
! INorth Carolina to be at eutnUy ? with the
j Confederate States, or with the United States.
If any body can find anything iu the Raleigh
i Standard really indicating hostility to aby
! gov em meat except that of the Confederate
States, or to any individuals except citizens
j of the Confederate States, he has keener sight
: than we have, - and wo think wo read tbe
; Standard pretty thorcugly. Fay, Obs.
j Ia is aaid to he a fact that some of Morgan's
men have captured the notorious tory Col.
Kirk, and that be is ia jail in Abingdon, Ya.
Same forty of bis men were killed in tbe
akiriaisli ia which hi was captured.
j Six. Pep. Cent. Non-Tax isle Bonds.
. Iu?t i notions have been teat to CclUctrs te
j rectdve the January. Count-si of these bondi
i in payxueat of expert and inport dutica.
Ladies' Belief Association.
It afTords us much pla?ura to record tb
fact, that the Lsdies Relief JUaiation, in this
city, Sa fully, and successfully in operation,
uader excellent, well regulated managenaeat.
rt'he Ladies are pereevarinj and cnergetk in
their fcfiorts to coatri'ute to the lelief and com
fr.rt of the Bick and Hounded soldiers in cur
Hospitals, and we taka great pleasur la
afljrniio-t tbe fact that they contribute greatiy
in supplying these gallant sufferers wrh aleli
caeis ad riutritius viands se much needed
by them. Every day a delegatioa visits eaeh
one ef the Hospitals with ample aad varied
supplies, which, together with their cheerful
conversation and kir'y attention?, impart a
cber &nd comfort which only the worn, wery
invalid soldier knows how to appreciate. And
they do appreciate them most highly. TYe
have had these'war woru veterins to call at
our office and exprass in the fitrcujest terms
their gratilnde and satisfaction for the warm
aad cordial attentions they had received at
the . hands of the Ladies of Raleigh. We
confess that these expressions have taade our
hearts glad, and we have felt proud of the
patriotic conduct of the women of our city.
Cut the gentlemen of Ibiieigh aad of Wak
eountyv. as well as the Ladies in tb'e country
who have nst an opportunity ef uniting with
their sisters of the town in their personal
ministrations to the wants of these our gallaut
dtfe rulers, can and should assist them bv con
triVutioiis of money and prftvisious, to aid itr
carrying nut the. objects of their Association.
Kvery one who is able, should thus contribute
their aid to tbia noble enterprise ai:d thoe
from icrnots points would contribute to tbi
raiief of their own friends and relatives i:i
our Hospitals, by sending- niuney or provisions
ta the Lviies Kalief Association of Raleigh.
TlKse Ladies give their tims, tktir labor, and
evc-n their dearly purchased provisions 10 tha
carrying forward of their humane wotk ; and
it is 3 little as others can do. to contribute
towards furnishing the supplies necessary.
Yve hope all viil thik of this, and act
promptly in tne manner suggested.
EniToifs. CoNFEtiERATE . Rend!tb offi
cers, men and fricds of rliis Regimet uud-r
many obligations to your, by giving tha
subjoined an insertion iu" your coittn.s, with
the request that the Fayciteville Ouscrcer
copy.
CASUALTIES IN 2ND REGIMENT, K. 0.
CAY ALKY, SINCE MAY 1, ISGi.
Field n,l Stuff-Kdh-d, col C M Andrews
2Cii J une, adf t S ti Worth 11th May. Won: -dt'd,
ipj V P RotJcris.
Co A Killed, r.rivjtta A II T.Iartia. Vom
ded, Ii C Ledford) V L Dale. Missing, F M
Co B Killed, private Radie-rd Dn-hrnan, R
J Berkley. Wounded, lieut R M Albsoii te
riovsly in thi.?h, S A Kiox sorioily i: ihuii'-ib-r,
J E McEwin in h-g, M C Jordan ia an-i,
J J lb.rd.-n in foot, S II Moore in leg.
O c Wauoded, J E B-st. in foot, N J
liittle in leg, J T'Cross severe ia h-j, ii Ilofier
in foot.
CoD llbsing, capt J Raker, (since known
to have be-.-u. killed,) privatis W Yaugbu and
Liberty Chapman. WoundI, Haut JP Per
son iii he;, private J C Stone in hau.fi, .?rgt C
II Shhri high.
Co Wonr-dcd, John Bott in ank-e,
Voouhu Eatraan in hand, Jv.hn Jones in
neck or.d hou!der serious. Captured, capt I
W Atkiuswn and lieut- Rohbies.
Co F Wtni".ed, licut W A S:tuodrs s
vere, liut N C Tucker severe, Gideon Newell
sireociiei, (Jf"3iieCle:i;ii- f.-vere, N G W?.-.-breeks.
Dvid jtafI'ord severe., Q 1) Wether ly
severe..
03 G Killed. M M Kibler, Thowa Ana
strong. Wouftsd, W S Spruiil, F F Gur
g:ms, W Fuller, J W Snail.
Co IT Caplured, lieut VV II Ivey. Wocn
ded. G VY Johnson painful.
Ca I- KPk-d, John Scoggin. Wm Ilnre.
Wor.uded, Wm Garner painful, li Shi.fiorld
serious. Captured, lieut II R Thomas and
private A Jackson.
Co K Killed E T WTise. Wounded, lieut
A F Faucelt. very serious, lieut J R Harris,
Jesse V RaUrts, W P Tiiiv since died, G W
Walker.
Yery respectfully', -your cb't serv't,
E. M. JORDAN,
Lieut and A A 2nd N C Cavalry.
:
PiTTtsoRo', July 26,.lSGi.
At a called ioeeting' of Colarabns hedge, Xn.
102, held in the Hall on the evening of the 25tk
instant, the tbilowiajr ruea.rable and reolatioaa
were unanimously aUoptc-d :
TVHsur.As, we have learned that an effort lias
hen aade by Mr. li. F. Moere and th3 Editors"
of the Progrees, and perhaps others, t asirailnte
tho order of Masenry with a triitorous society
called the "Heroe3 of America; " and whereas,
we, as "Free ?nl Accepted Hasans," well knaw
that this assertion, no matter by whom made, is a
vile slasder, and without foundation ; and whsre
as, we believe that it is obligatory on us, as on all
true Mason?, to vindicate the character of our
time-hcaored institution frosa all such ssersics ;
therefore,
Itcsohed, That we utter!j deny aay assimilation
with this vile "concern ; " and we brand all who
make the assertion, as aervtrters of the truth,
base sfaaderer and liara, either knowinlvor ie
nerautly. TZeeolved, That there is a wide gulf between our
Ancient Order and this secret fusyas excrescence;
lor in the ene, the first principles taught and ia
culcated are fidelity toeur roverauient and a
hearty and loyal support of the -coEititutien a
der which we live ; while tbe object of the other
is to sap the very foundations of Both.-
- Resolved, That whilf- we assert tbat there ia
nothing either crinjinal or disloyal in the" reqnire
acnts f Masonry, and n ane can contisne a mem
ber of the Lodge unless he recuaia true to thegnv
ernmect under which he lives, we denannce this
new society as a conspiracy against th govern
ment, ana an attempt to shield traitors snd
tories, at the expense of tbe trua and layal citi
zens. -
Resolved, That if as a IiOlre, we ihzl ascer
tain tbat any Mason, over whom we have juris
dicti&n, sbail have joined this nefaru crder,
ani so far forgotten the principles af ila:ry aa
to rehaain in it, we will deal with him, kceardiBj
ta aur Constitution and JJy-Laws, for uaa?oaic
conduct, and ayon conviction, expel him frcm all
the benefits and privilsjes of the arder.
Yiesrdvd, lastlv, that we invite the co-operation
af lister Ledges throughout the State, ta as
sist us in disabusing the poinds of the community,
and publishing1 to the .world -that Maaocry icttii
cates nothing but loyalty to the government ind
fid.lity t ths constitution, hlie thid traitarous
ir.stitution would subvert tho one, and diirejaral
tbe obligations of the athers.
JOHXA. HANKS,")
-W. P. TAYLOK, VCom.
Y'M. GUXTER- J
Oh motion, it was resolved,, that a cepy af the
abave be sent to tha Confederate for publication,
with a request that the Conservative, Vayttteville
Observer aad all other papers friendly te ilaeocry,
copy:
i
TELEGRAPHIC,
REPORTS OF THS PKihSS ASSOCIATION.
Frost Kk'bmand.
KCIIMOND, July 26.A Captain and 69 men
of tha 1Q24 New York regiment, just from New
Oiieans, rarecpturdlaet nihtnpou their lacib
iag near Deep Bottoui, belaw Chabn's Daff.
Tha following dispatch was recaiVtJd this after
poon ; "
KrAEQC ARTBKS July 2C.
To the Sbtt. cf Wan; Gen. Karly Utes that
he Ritackel JIaj. Gen. Crook on tho 21th, cm
tha old battleCelA of Kerasfbwn, eenipletely
routing hiai, and pursued hitu four regies beyond
Winchester, when ho was compelled- to halt front
exhaustion of bis "men, they having marched, trrea-ty-foar
mile that day. The pursuit was coatina.
edsy the eavnlry.
Amonj the prisoners captured, are Gen. Mille
gan mortally wounded, Brijr. Gea. Tilly, and
other oficers. The men ciipiured au tbe 20th
were recovered. Tbe strength of the eae.-ny it
stated to be fnteea thousand infantry, besides
cavalry under Gen: Averiil.
From LculMaun.
CLINTON, La., July 26 The enemy have
withdrawn nearly all of their garden fron Baton
Rouge ; ssventy of their men deserteii at one time.
New Orleans papers of the 23d received. The
tre3 n-'jf roes adopted a cisstitution by a vote cf
sixty -five to one hunered. Gald three hundred
and tifty. Cotton 165.
C-cn, Banks has issued aa order, that no gold
shall be sold unless firt deposited in the U. S
Treasury. Tiro more district -Judges in New Orleans have
resigned, in consequence of Judje llahdle's ra
movalfor his d.'ciion on the negro ouestioa.
Fraiii pi'tersbiirg.
PETEKSBUIiG,' July ;27. Tho prediction of
the Philadelphia Enquirer of the 27th, sceua like
ly to be realized soon on the north bank f James
river. Hancock's second corps, which was ia eur
front a few days ago, has goae there, and per
haps ath.er ' yuskce ferces. An engagement oc
curred there to day, but full particulars have act
transpired.
The nineteenth corps of the yankee array have
appeeared in front of aur lines at Bermuda Ilua
drcd. All comparatively quiet, thcuja Grant ia
still digging.
A citizrn of California wa3 sent in our liners un
der flag ef truce yesterday, on private business.
The Press Telegram of the 25th should have
read wGrant 3 streegthcaiag his left, which rests
near the Weldon railroad, and mining on our
lsi't, his right, in front of Petersburg.
Fro:?a lite Xordfc nts) Georgia.
IlICnHOND, July 27. RAltimarc papers af
the 26tfc cerurui the -defeat of Crook and Averill,
near Winches t?r, on Sunday last. The fight lasted
nearly tbe whole day. The federal troops were
forced te retreat to Harper's Ferry, where ilun
ter joiLtd thcio atd took coajjaand. Averill bst
ai! ci" his artillery. It is reparted that Averill
and Alillrigan were killed.
Telegrams frora Georgia, though not claiming
a vietorj- at Atlanta en Friday, do not concede ,
a defeat. Mul'herson's death U ofticially report
ed. .Sherman estimate his loss at two then rand
and the Confederates at sev-n thousand. -Bear
iu Liind this is a yankee account, and a big lie.
A conspiracy has been discovered ia Misoari,
having for its object the .formation of a Xorth
westarn Confederacy. Several promiiient citi
zens of St. Louis hava been arrested. Geld 259.
Death of Gkx. WML T. Walker. The
.d :::lt-idijenci 'vus ieciircd hiiro ycstriduj
of the- death of Gou. W. II. T. Walker, at.
A'hiata. Knowirg the dialog, ictrepidity
aaci ereriiy o Gen. and hi sliutiring dc-voti-in
tu th-1 cause, soch an c-vat was not
Vi -holly 'unl xked for; an yet the news f.dl.s
with a painful and depressing elTecc upvu this
Cv.miotip.'ty. We Iiavo i,o patticuhMS as to
the !naun4sr of his tieth, but we fttl sore that
he leli v. ith hhs face to thy b-o, anal iu the
thickest of the fir.t Ibi diod the death of u
patriot i.iid hero. Ailmula Il-yisLr.
A i'SVv" llIPOHTATiT FACTS
IK HEGARD To
THE 'SOUTIIEIIN HEPATIC PILLS."
TliliY ire prepared from the bet quality
9 of Mffdirin? bv the ds?eoverfr, novr aa ajri-d
iiuistor of the Gospel, anu ars &sXe.
2. They have bseu known for years and tested
by thousands.
3. Five hundred persons are known to Save teen
cured by them.
4. They are not recommended by fhe "proprietor
for evarj tiling, bat ouly for di3exes which arie
from diaordei ei livers.
&. Directions .-nd certificate.! aecowpaay. each
bos ftid these certificates aie from well know u and
most respectable- individual;.
G. Correspondents recensmend them as good for
Liver Disease, Chills and b"evers, I'ncumoHia,
Jaundice, Dyspepsia, Bilious Fevers, fiillous
Rheumatism, Worms, Pluriiy, Bronchitis, Le.
1. Several gentlemen state that the use of th!sa
Pills has beea to them aa ananal saving of from
$100 to $200; they ar th! bst pUutaiion medi
cine ever ofi'ered to tbe public.
8. Same Physicians of tb-j highest staneing pre
scribe thv.m to thir patiosts, aod hundreds of
boxe? have been sold to ragular practitioner.
U During tlfs last quarter, 2,8Hii boxes bar
been sold to Dvnggiota, one in South Carolina aud
ane ia No tb Carolina and some time ago over
3,700 boxes were ordered by Drugguts iu oue
town in Virginia.
23"" Price, $'i a box For $3 0 a dozen bores
wiii be s nt to aay ad Jres. A very liberal dis
count to Druggists and country merchants. Cash
(new currency) to accompany orders.
FOR SALE IN XOKTII CACOLINA. AS FOLLOWS:
Ashevil'.e, E. J. Aston,! Lineolnten, S. P. SLex
Albemarle, J. 11. Birins,) rill,
Chapel iiill, It. B. San-j Louisburg, J. Clifton,
dei'o, , 1 Marion, Win. Wakerieli,
Charlotte, J. Nye Uutch-j Pittsboro', J. Lang,
msoa,
" F. S. Carr,
Clinton, Hubbard J
Motley,
Concord, J. Rtid,
Ersfield, J (Joen,
Fayetteville, N. A. Sted
evan &, Co.,
Galdsboro', Lucas i
Moore,
Halifax, J. O'Brien,
Raleigh, Williams k
Uavwnod,
" P. F." Pobcnd,
j Rockinghaia, J- P. Nar-
j tham,
j Salisbury, Ileaderson k
Lnnis,
Sbelbv, R. Fronebergeri
Wade'suoro', W. O. Ben
nett, Whiteville, K. Haynes,
Ue&e'erseu, Wych
V Wilmington, Walker
Uo.,
)ears,
Lexington, J. P. Stim- " H. UcLin,
son, I " vV. H. Lippitt.
Address, GEORGE W. DEEilS.
july 27-dtawfcw2m Goldsbora', N. C.
FOR 8HEBIFF. "
WE ARE AUTHORISED TO ANNOUNCE
THOMAS J WUITAKER. a candidate far
reelection to the ollice of SherifF for the county
of Jones. iulv 6 23-wtf.
a
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLDIERS AND IIF-
FUGEES OF PASQUOTANK COUNTY.
VT7E are authorized to announce GEO. W.
VV HINTON, a candidate to represent Pas
quotank county in the next House of Common.
ma 10-83-d tw A wte
,
Te are authortzet! to anacunr Lieut.
V E. H. RAY, of the 47th N. C. Regkaent,
for ibe oflice of Sherifi of Wake County, at tha
eaauin election in August next.
july 14-d&twtd.
. . .COHaiTIEJ)
TO THE JAIL OK WAKE COUNTY, AS A
rar.a;ray, oa tha 2th of May, a ncero w.
man, who says her nama U SALLY Bit VAST,
and that cbo was raised in Jonea county, by Jo.
Pinch. She bad ou when committed a red vm.
ton dress. She is about 25 year 1 J, 5 fet 2 iuch
a hijh, tdeuder, colr black,, tvo upper frout
teeth aut, r.ad rather slow spoken. Tho owat-r
of said iitira ii requested to cau-p forward, prov
property, pay charges und take ber away cr h
will h) dealt with m tbo law direct..
V. H. HIGH, Sheriff.
2-d!twtf
Notice. TaK en np and foran;!lte! Ia
tbe Jail of Caiaivbi, a dark N KGUO man
; is PLLASANT, and that ha is the propei-tr .(
t ll:ll r,.4 I!-.. II ! .
A. J. IIELTK.Y, Jii.W. '
Newton N. C. April 13:h ISCi. ap. 20 12-wCai
To the Voters of CaUiTlja CcuHty.
IELLOVv- CITIZENS AND 1JHOTIIER
SOLDlb'tS : By the rrjuet of many friend?,
1 anueuace myself a cannUte for riaerhT of
Catawba C4;uatj. It is -veil known tbat 1 have
been a soldier to nearly two years; and -houM I
be elected, an escana tbe darjj-ers of this anai.
mer's campaign, 1 will endeavor to serve vn tw
t'ne bejt af ojy ability. I a trulr ia hoped to
hear of a larje majority in favor of vour oh-cient
servant, on th rirst Thursday in August next. 1
ain your sou i:d broth vr,
' CALVIN HUNSUCKFK.
A private in Co. f, AiIIct t- lttalion, latt'"
assigned to C. I, 4?ta N. C. Rejiineat. v
jane 15-23-w6t
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Pirr County.
Court of Ph-as and Quarter Sessions Mav
X CI ill, li.
Henry Sheppard, Adai'r of)
Jos. A. aec d
vs.
Distributers of
Jos. A. William, deceased. J
Petition tn divi-L
r!avc.
IT APPKARING TO THE SATISFACTION
JL of th-? Court, that R. !t. Foreman ad nirc,
defendants in t bis case, are non-j evident of thU
State: it is ordered by the Court, iliac ptibiir.
lion bi4 made for fix weeks in tbe C'ined-rut,
notifying the raid defendant? of th fling of this
petition, to ay-pear aud answer, Ac., nt tbe next
Term of this Cmri, or judgment coHt will
be granted a? aiiut them.
GEO. A. DANCEY, C. C. C.
jnne 8 -9-wCt
STATK OF XOimi CAKLIXA.
Ashe Coitxty.
Superior Court ofLiw, Spriruj Term 1S64.
John C. Plumtaer
vs. v Origuial Attachment.
Ralph Blevins.
It appearing to the satbnetion of tb e Court th.it
tbe dafeudaut iv.ilpu Blevins is not within the
jurisdiction of this Cour,t : It is rR'-i rd ibat pub
lication be made in the weekly Cufr)rrmt for ix
weeks, connnauding tho said defendant to be and
appear at the next term of the Suorrir Court of
aw to be held for tho count;. of A?!i at tho
Court Iliu?s in JeJc:cn, on tk 4th Monday after
the 4th Mrrdayin Ae;ust next, then and there
to plr.ad Knd replevy iu tha taiil canst, othi-rwi
tipal jurfgpTitent will Lo rendered Rint biai.
Witney lb C. Itartlette 'Cb rk ofar said Curt
nt efiice the 4th Monday after tHa 4'b Mondav in
February, ISC I. K. C. BAliTLLTJJ, C. S. C.
Jun- '49 it
GS0D SEWS! flOOI) SEWS?!
NEW BOOKS I
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Cr.iicon School Arithmetic, 4 541 10
Tbe Dixie Klei-jcntnry Seliinir Book, 'i ('-)
The Jark .Mmgan SoLgu'er. $:0 pt-r 100) 1 (;)
Love and Liberty Song $J(, ler 1 0) 7
Tbe above books s.ro jut liow tbj pre:;s.
pi intary (Jfoorajiiiy , 2 ('')
York's Bnedish Grummar, 2 fiu
Fifst Book in Coi.jpoi-itiwn, by L Br&Ccon, 2 b)
UilVi Pons by Tl..i II Hill," 1 hit
Jforvea and Lmda. by l?ev A W MangHtn, 2
Dixie Primer, Pictoiiul, third edition; ,M)
Fir?t Dixie Beader, b U B Moore, 7."
Jlyrtltf Leaves, by Rev A W M onm, 2 0.1
J?2' Tho above books are soici at Oiie-tbird c-C
to tbe trade.
OTIIEB HOCIIG Oil UAIID.
M!SCli:LLAX!:OUri liOOKS.
Hunter's Pi tiio Forte In.'tructcr,
Liindt't's Arith'iieMc,
Bin,?: hani'a Lilin Graraciar,
Wi.lerai Catec'ii.iu No. 1,
3 f.O
2 ('a
4 i
Weclevan Catec-bism, No. 2, 7 "
(amp and Fiv'-i. Iv I)r Joseph Cro.-f,
Life ot Stonewall Lickori,
3 ID
: :,4f
i A, Orir a:jd us JL-Vots, Jllii United, H f.'J
Souther: Mo le! Letter Writer. 1 ,7)
Rival Adininistrati n-, E H 1'riUrd, 1 H
Scriptural View s of National Trials, ',) o'J
Romantic Pai-geh in S. tV. Histrrj',
bi.ry of the War, ;j (hi
The Seige of Vickshurg, 1' Z)
Tho Sunday School Bell, ,7
Tiic- Sabbath School V,Treath, 7"
Plowiu and Ditching, . 2'
Fnu for the Camp, ,r,0
Thu Can:p Jester, 1 C
Ncelev's Discourses, T0
Dr. Deems' Sermons, "10
Moral and Religious Anecdotes, Svolj , 12 00
The Aire A INow Monthly, 2 of
fSjuihern Literary Messenger, I! b
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait, 1 11
Dr. Dcms' Portrait, 1 75
Grote's History of Greece, in 12 vols, 00
Bancroft's History United States. 7 vols., &1 00
Abbot's Illustrated Histories, each 7 0')
Second Year of the War. 6 .V
Mountain Violet, by Key T M Baker, 1 50
A Few Chestnuts for the Ctiilaxeu, bv L'ncla
Chirk', " . 1 50
A Sunday School in Every Church, by Rev
Ii Manly, ' 75
Words of Comfort. LyH F Buckner, 1 25
Rouert Cushman or the Rival Students, 2(.0
The Little Preacher, by Uncle Cburle, 75
Life of T C Wimberly by Uncle CLarlw, 7 i
Soldier Boy S !igsie'r, 1 .00
Stjnevrall Sengter. 1 00
Cotton Field Melodies, 0
MILITARY LOOKS.
Napoleon s Max;u4 of Var 1 2.'
Bayonet Lxer41.se and hkirmi.-b Dtill, 1 25
Volunteer Field and Camp Book, 1 25
Camp Book,
General Orders,
C 00
6 00
1 50
Warren's Surgrv,
School cf the Guides.
NOVELS.
Macaria. by VLks Erans, ' 5 00
?f after William Mitt .n, by Judge Long.treet, 5 00
Duoean Adair, or Captured in Kscaping, 1 55
Lady Audlev's Secret, bv M Braddoh, 5 CO
RoDert and Harold, -by R F Goulding, 3 f0
Eleanor'a Victory, - 5 00
Les Miserables Fantinc, 3 00
" " St..D?nni., 3 00
" " Jean Valjeau, 3 00
Raids and Romance of ilorjan and Hen, C 50
Field ar.d Fireside Novelette, 2 00
Silas Marner, by Miss Evans, S 00
The Battle ef tbe Bards 3 oO
Thse orderiog book to be sect per
mail must teciit 10 cents extra on the dollar
to pay postage. BARNSONT & FAliAR.
july 1-13.1 K4lei2h, N. C.
WAKE. COUNTY.
TnE SHERIFFALTY. We are authorized and
requested to announce W. H. HIGH, Esq.,
a candidate for re-election to the office of SLeriff,
at the election in August, ju 17-tde-dtw
JT. C. BOK SOIL'S VTIXTED.
ltTE are conniitioued to buy another let of
VV $2,000 of Notes on any of tbo Backa of
this State. Persons vrishinsr to sell will plcasa
call oa us. CREECH A LITCUFORD,
jaly 27-deod!t
B
COK AND JOB WORK
Neatly executed at THIS UFMCJUi
I
1
It
f
5
H
v
tl
f Ft
I
1!
u
'1
!
n
W
V