THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. May 18, 18C4.
Toe people ought ' alwavs to fed grateful
t us, for we " have been in among the soldiers
r.nJ the bayonets." We had several motives
for desiring to accompany Gen. Hoke on his
expedition to Newbern, and having obtained
hia full consent, we accepted, the invitation
of our fri n l, tyi. .Too. A. Baker. and became
n guest of his Headquarters.
As his cvalry moved in front, we had rull
opportunity of observing Gen. Ticket dispc
eitioua and plana. We do not deem it proper
to pre3.it even an outline of the movement,
froai which an indication migh". be drawn of
Ihe eoritemplaled plan of attack ; we feel at
liberty t ay, however, that the' project as
;mrc of iiucce?3, and before this day, General
II ko would Lave occupied Newberu, but f r
thi ;jcxsHy wiiich 'caused his withdrawal.
All hi preliniinMfy purposes wereaecom
r.IU,ed, and tho work before hie; was a mere
ina'ter of time.
A it :.o, t'..o euemy hold Newborn by suf
Lt. ir.ee. E.ibturu North Carolina is virtually
redeemed. Hoke and Ransom, v.;th the aid of
tlitir brethron from ilia other S?ates, havo re-.?U-red
to tLtir mother her lost treasure; and
..'A tLat u uce led is but a few ?p.;re days to
" finish up the j b." S
Tho it mi-eling with tho enemy on Ihc
late cx Jlii i:"!, occurred near " Deep Gully,"
v. IiPre C ;'.. Lev. i., conirnauding Hoko'a brij
i?.t a::.l OI. Vhl'.furJ, came upon m party
A i.ji picker. X . h-av.ng hlv force at
,.v; tv Jrhr fi.o.L iokfVl. Whit ford employ -'
i ::.roe cuvary isc-n in u.td;g their pieces,
white h-3 disjharged thf-m, and thua he ra
gaged ths .-iv.ny until h? eould call forward
tha sharps!,,-,,? A LU ConnurJ. Tness
.dvarcei j :!e number -of twenty, at a dou-file-tjnick,
lor the comuiau l of Lieutenant
luLu Gui' ti. O;, reaching their position,
they dii-chsrt-d a valley irto the enemy's
Hoes, when tho litter r.t enco incontinently
took to flight : ar d no caudidate for Governor
ever "went hiring " dovrn th road ,uitb
more fury, thin they did bef m the little
squid of pbarpshootors who hung upon their
tra -ks. The enemy numbered ab ?ut fcixty, or
:nre; but although but one to three, Lieut
Guvjn with his cquad jrave chase and ran
thou into thwir works at Rooky Run. Tho
afiVir was ga!!nt!y conducted by this young
jfccr and his crntrpsbooters
Oi the other rond we first ttnw the foe at hia
i r'i3 at Kvans' Mill, were he had a block
loose eupp'ui ted ty a redoubt mounting one
piece, on an derated point, well suited to enable
nii!l r.and'to hold iu check a lander force for
ml purpns of delay. We rode up with 0 en.
Moke tud Lis Staff to recouuuitre, when the
:roui of hoi-jenisu attracted tbe enemy's atten-
. n, and very don a puff of hmoke announced
i Lie salute mtendeU for as, ana almost instau
t mecudy a twelve pound aoLid shot ricocheted
front, an i tp-id at a few feet abcT our heads,
.-ecii tlia earth home distance in the rear.
L'ol. Diker was ordered immediately to dis
out skiruiisLers and deploy them through the
v. Is. with a view to flnk the work, if deemed
.idtiahlc, cr to prevent tho attempt by sharp
hooters to pick c'J cur artillerymen. Rapid
ly Capt. Cummings of Col Start's Battalion
jx vj-ht two Napoleons into action, in an open
a few hundred yarda in front of the
neay'g work. The Utter immediately fired,
uv ut effect, and the duel began. The bat
tery of to nieces in a very few moments, by a
vnfll droted fire, prodncd consternation iu
toe r mi4, an i -U tVis nii oeat, Col. Baker's
''iirrni-heru h-wing warkei their way through
the nltnojt impassible bog. made their appear--ue.
This was more than the Yankees couli
tiiaud. and these, like their' fellows, took to
their heels.
A bridge mt.u pom placed acrtwa Bryco'a
rrek, und the troops passed over:' our ad
i skirmishers having in the mean r ima
rcupiol ar.d rar.acked the Yankee premises,
.t. i pvVes-d thena of the stores of valutbles
r: Sy th? eouy by rea?o i of his hasly
ilil.t. lLrd a congiidrabUi amount of com-m.-tiry
sapplias for ianv? liat5 usa were
!'cji1, and the fortunate dlscovcrora regaled
ih;tnT.e!ve3 accordingly ; a large portion of
hfu were found buried in patches of ground
touci the works. If the Yankees hope to
elude our boys in that way, they uever made
a grater ruibtake ; for knowing their under
ground dealings, these were the very places
;o which our search would be directed.
While these events were going ou, Gon.
Ot'sring, with other portions of bis brigade,
i.cu:st;ng of Folk's N. C. regiment and others,
approached the Railroad and commenced the
v. ork of destruction. It is unnecesiary to say
how much of this was accomplished. At
Cro&taa station Gen. D. came upon a body of
Yankees, numbering about sixty, in a Block
house, with one piece of artillery. He imme
diately dismounted his men and surrounded
the wi rk. But his command had no bayo
r.u:s, being only cavalry, and the 'Huae"
aai perforated for muskets. He therefore
rum mooed the garrison to surrender, which,
after a little parley, it did, and the prisoners
were marched to tho rear.
Gen. Hoke, being thus in possession of the
enemy's line of communication with Murehead
City, commenced to approach himself lead
ing with a view to a thorough reoocnoisance.
During Thursday aitemoou he was engaged
in this, and in advancing hie lines, which, the
enemy discovering, his gunboats descended
the river and commenced a furious shelling ;
firing repeated broadsides from their one and
two hundred pounders. Tbe total inefficiency
of these monsters was never more thoroughly
emonstratsd than then f for with an exposed
line to fire upon, and opportunity for both a
cro&s aud enfilade fir kept np for one or two
hours, tbey only succeeded in killing, out of
ettVfcral thousand, fire men, and wounding
tVrfWC.
On Thursday rright Gen. Hoke had matur
ed ht pfans. and had entirely succeeded in
perfecting everv arrangement and by Sunday
morning looked with confidence to the occu
pation of Newbern, wiih the capture)! the
enemy's garrison. But during the night tho
n ecessity fer bis withdrawal presented itself,
and the coveted priw was witheld from bis
hands.
Tbe public U aware of the causes of the
situation of the 'Albermarle," and how worthy
her coraTiaadwr strutted aahstbU p"t of
assistants. The heavy firing in the Sound
was diftinrtlv heard by us, and many an eager
eye watched tht water for the approach of
our ally.
Af cr he cornmwed to move off. Gen. Hoke
' played one round f r the game." which came
nieh being a success. He demanded a surren
der of Gen Palmer, accompanied with peremp
tory conditions. The startled garrison took
three hours of deliberation in council of war,
before giving an answer. In the meantime
their cavalry returned to reconnoitre and dis
covered that our fores were withdrawing
Whereupon the " pale and depress! " council
declined to" surrender, alleging th.t they
.thooeht Gen. Hoke was. crdy practicing a
"ru?e."
The fact i. there was no fight in thein.
j Their terror was apparent; and we have not
a doubt that frty-eight hours would have given
us the place, with but little loss. Mrs. P., tho
wife of Gen, Palmer, was the only person we
heard of who was undaunted. We understood
from a reliable source, that she had refused to
leave the city, declaring that she wishe I to see
a storm and that she felt n. alarm that the
j rebel would do her any harm, even if they
t.ink the nlace.
1
! Wc had the pleasure of meeting with Get.
i
f Panson), whoso splendid operation ai Ply
j mouth has contributed so much to the success
f of tho movement. Gn. R. has earned a
brilliant reputation, and his brigade includes
as fine specimens of true Sid'fcers as our army
boasts. North Carolina will not fail to cher-
i Lfch the remembrance f his invaluable services
in the protectioon of our outposts, and history
will reproduce in fitting representation, thedes
perate and dariug cl arge of his troops, which
swept the foe at Plymouth from street to street
through his abandoned fortifications.
We were under great obligations to Col.
Baker for his, and the courtesies extended to
us by his command. We retain a lively re
c Election of th pleasant acquaintances there
made, and we are happy 'to be able to chron
icle with candor, the efficiency and good dis
cipline of hia troops, and the devotion of tho
men to their commanding officer.
It may be proper to sta'e, that the enemy's
strength at Newbern has been greatly over
estimated . We have it from reliable, well
informed authority, that it docs not exceed
four regimeuta.
The Loyal People of Washington.
The vandal, villainous Yankees, on evacua
ting Washington, not only burnt the town, but
robbed every citizen of the place, nearly, f
what they had to eat, thus endeavoring to
entail suffering, and they hoped starvation
upon them. These sufferers ire generally, if
not entirely, those who, amid all their adverse
surroundings, have remained trudjo the South
ar d her cause, and whose situation should
excite the commiseration and aid of all who
a e able i i any way tt alleviate their wants.
We trust it is only pecosaary to allude to the
facta in their cases to assure prompt and
speedy relief.
The Union Prayer Meetinjs, we are glad to
learn, are being tolerably well attended and
we hope will be more generally so. Every
believer in prayer should unite in besieging a
r Throne of Grace for the salvation and rdemp-
; tion of our beleaguered country. The Chris
tian's God is the God of Battles as well as
Saints, and He will give the victory to those
who with humble, contrite hearts geek His
aid The Prayer Meeting is held this after
noon in the Baptist Church, to-morrow in the
Presbyterian, and Friday in tbe Methodist
Churches.
A friend informs us that he forwarded
us a letter, in which he attempted to pay some
tribute of praise to Col. Gaston Lewis, who
was in command of Hoke's brigade in the
battles around Plymouth. We regret that
the letter never reached our bands ; for we
hear from all sidea that his gallant lead of
that noble brigade reflected the highest credit
upon his military genius and his bravery,
for which he received the warmest commen
dations of the Coiumauding Officer and his
brothers in arms. This is not the first time
tint this gallant young officer has distin
guished himself, nor will it be the last, if op
portunities offer. -
Chftcse or Sale Day.
It will be seen by reference to the Adver
tisement, that the day of sale for the Confede
rate States' Six Per Cent. . Bonds, by the
Secretary of the Treasury, has been postponed
to the 16th instant. Papers in this State that
have published tbe advertisement, axv rr queu
ed to make the change therein and continue
the advertisement till day of tale; and also
editorially call attention to the change.
" Hard Ta5k." This is the title of a
comic paper just to hand, published at Atlanta,
Ga. It furnisbe quite an amusing entertain
ment to the lovers of fun, and is sold at fifty
cents a copy. We notice a " good hit " at a
certain set of politicians of North Carolina, ai
follows:
"The motto of the political penitents of
North Carolina, "before the war ceases, will
1 be" We cam we saw -wt? t'or.eirr?."
Be iTlllng onr Sleeping dead Warriors
We understand that a charlatan orator in
tbe HoMeoite's metif; on Friday night last, -
said the secessionists skulked oat of this
war-were not in it bat lext the fighting to b j
done by the poor man. and the Union men. We '
despise any man, or thing in the shape of man.
that attempts to array. class against class at
such a time as this. Whoever does so ia the
manner this was done, is a blot unon his osvntry
and a disgrace to his race. All classes origi
nal Union men and original Sacesioniaty the
rich and the poor have stood nobly by each
others, side, have suffered, been wounded
and died together and he woo, for mean. b.so,
low. dirty party purposes, would derogate from
either-speeially if he be a cowardly skulker
deserr s the exoratlon of every man In tb-i
land mot especially the original Unio- men
and poor men, whom he seeks to identify in his I
disgraceful movement.
But our chief object n referring to this
mattpr, U to not a fact well known in thin
community. Whn the first Southern Rights
F'ag wa.i planted on the soil of R ihirh, a
rabble mob, hgtigated by a certain clique, as
sembled around it and swore it shonld come
flown. Three brave boys, mere youths, ral
lied around it, and declared it should float
there, or they would die in its defeoce. It
did fl vat triumphantly float from its staff
until the darkness of nil t came on, when
these brave boys, fearing it might be desa
cratrd by the rabble af'er they had left, bora
it in triumph away. Now for the seqviel :
One of these noble boys sealed. Ms devotion to
that Flag and to hn country with his life's
Uod in tbe attack on Washington months
aso. Another, a brother to the former, ws
lying j lifeless corpse upon the battle field at
ho very momeot this slanderer was defam
ing him. And the third is at tbe head of his
j battery, if not kil'ed, gallantly contending
with the enemy and defending the wives and
children of wretches who vilify and abuse
him. Verilv, a reckoning will come.
Melancholy and Fatal Mistakes.
By the following dipatch. the melancholy
and mortifying intelligence is furnished, that
Gen. Jenkins was killed, and Gen. Lonjjstreet
wounded by our own troops Gen. Mahone's
brigade firing rtnon them by mistake. . We
find th" dispatch in the Wilmington Journal,
and as it appears among the regular Press
disr a'cnee, we would like to inquire why it
was not furnished the Pres3 of this city?
Can the Operators here or at Goldsbnv give
us any satisfaction c oncerning ihe omission ?
We should have had it, from its date, last
Saturday.
We trust there is some mistake about it ;
for while it does not change the melancholy
result, so far as tbe fact of these sad casu
alties having occurred, is concerned, it adds
increased poignancy to- our sorrow to learn
that the fatal and damaging blows were in
flicted by mistake from onr own side, as was
the case with the fall of tbe immortal Stone
wall Jackson :
Richmond, May 7, 1864.
The chief monitor of the James river is the
Onondaga, just finishet at New York.
The Yankee sunb-at destroyed by the tor-p"d--yesterday
was blown into fragments. An
offici i! dispatch says that hardly a pioe was
left as big a? a row boat. Attr the explosion
the rest of the fleer sloped. Nothing heard of
the situation nt affairs this morning.
Grant's plan wg to turn our right and get
between Lee ana Richmond.
Longstreet had turned the enemy's left and
w s pushing him back steadily when he was
severely w unded by a shot from Mahone's
brigade, through mistake. Jenkins was killed
by the ame brigade.
Kershaw commanded McLaw's division
with great honor.
Battle's Alabama and Gordon's brigades
suffered severely.
The Iron Clad.
One of the crew of the Albemarle reports,
that in her late fight with the enemy's gun
boats in Albemarle sound, she sent three of
th em to the bo torn. The attack was fierce
and prolonged. The gunboats would pass up
and d wn the Iron Clad and deliver their
broadsides, while others, attached by a seine
to each other, endeavored to entangle her.
But her gallant cm nander brought her safe
through, having only one man wounded, and
with a slight dam ge to the boat, which a
few days will repair. The severest loss on
osr side was the the sinking of the Bombshell
which had been captured by our forces at
Plymouth, and was Tender to the Albemarle,
The Beserre Forces!
Lt.-Gen. Holmes has issued an official Cir
cular, assuming command of tbe Reserved
Forces of North Carolina, and announcing the
following Staff Officers: Lt.-Col. F. S: Arm
istead, P A. C. S., Inspector General ; Capt.
J. W. Hinsdafc, Assistant Adjutant General ;
First Lieutenants Th; H. Holmes, jr., and C.
.W. Bradford, Aids-de-camp.
Lt -Col. Armistead, Inspector General, has
officially announced that the senior class of
Reserves, or men from 45 to 60 years of age,
will only be called into service in cases of
threatened invasion; while the junior class,
or those from 17 to 18 years of age, are to
be employed in camp and other duties re
quired by law of tbe Reserve force. He
says Tne Commanding General is fully
impressed with the importance of retaining
in their usual avocations as many of the Re
serve as possible, and it is not his intention to
call them out for active service, unless it be
comes necessary to protect our own people
and their homes, from the enemy."
Strong Banks saw - ninety thousand n Flag Officer, finding some derangement of the
rebel soldiers at Shreveport, and the Philadel- , propeller, which eould not be adjusted, slowly
phia Inquirer says Piyrooath was attacked by j steamed for the bar and came in. What dam
twelve thousand, who were afterwards rein- age was d.oe-tothe blockaders we do not
rced by eight thousand. If we may credit know. We regret to hear that the Raleigh
be estimates of the enemy after every battle, got ajrround on the rip" while cojeiog in.
here's ao lack of Con federate troops. They What her damage from that may be. we can-
frre like fiies in June.
The Political Situation.
Th Sein.a (AU ) Dipitch aays when the
pKspIe of North C ir.dina shall repudiate the
couspiraCor Haider, at th tailor-box, all
dangerous opposition to the Go vein iBeut will
hav ceased. Alth.mah w w,M
the late Georgia movement with the 'II-d den
conspiracy, yet at jno time wo weve threat
ened with grcitev Injury to the common cause
by the latter tlmn the former. VrabaWjT the
pablic generally do. not realiz tdaagtrs
we have passed, yet we bclov w hae pass
ed the very crisis of our fat by the defeat of
the lace movement to organize an opposition
to th, G ivernm-Qt, by disappointed aud arn
bJtiotttt p litician$
f A few shorA mouths ago, while lb whole
J country if as swely pressed by the $fcoray and
the people were depress-d unde almost un
interrupted disasters of twelve months' dura
tion, there wa3 danger t!vt in the weakness
of human nature, the designing demagogues
would succeed in organizing a formidable
party opposed to the administration, which
would have endod in divisions at horn , and
left us at the mercy of the Yankee marauders.
The desperate condition of our armies and
finances at the time our last Congress was in
session, demanded what seemed to be desperate
measures on the part of the administration and 4
Congress, Ths legislation, for a time, pro
duced much murmuring and discontent among
the people, and gave the watchful political owls
an opportunity to test their confidence in tbe
Government By the assistance of the discord
press, and the croaking home guard, the leaders
succeded it producing much discussion and dis
sension. Th? laws passed by Congress, as re
commended by President Davis, were denounced
as unconstitutional, and the 'one man power'
was to crush oat all liberty and establish a
despotism. The Yankee invader, and destroyer
of all our rights, was forgotten for a timo and
the people jrore called upon to resist their own
Government, even at the hazard of subjugation
by the barbarous vandals of tbe North. The
cry of peace ! was raised by a few journalists of
disordered imaginations, and helped not a little
to distract the public mind. Happily these
elements of opposition to the Government failed
to uuiti and the epitaph of the counter-revolutionists
Is now written : 4 'born Gf unholy am
bition killed by o'er leaping itself."
In the defeat of this fell spirit of discord the
noble army iu the field comes in, for a large
share of honor and credit. Their indignant
rebuke of tbe disorganize in their rear had a
salutary effect.
Let us hope that the dawn now breaking
upon us grill burst into a glorious day, sending
all spirits of dark intent to the caverns of their
birth, uever again to darken our.political skies.
v
A Warning to " Peace" Men The
Tunnel Hill correspondent of the Gdumbus
unsays, that the charge fr which private
James Lindly, of company E, 531 Alabama
regiment, wasexecurod, was fr "oeming to
a knowledge of an intended mutiny, and fail
ing to report without delay thereof to hirf
commanding officer." It appeirs that he was
prominent, if not the leader in an organiza
tion in the army knovn as a "petce league,"
devised by Federal emissaries, and cer ainly
calculated to do much evil. He was a man
of speaking ability, aud entertained hundreds
of the thousands that were present, and
crowded around the gallows, in an address of
ten minutes duration, in which he protested
his innocence, so far at least as wicked inten
tions were coucerned, and the findings of the
court martial, attributed his connection with
a'peace prty,' to an ignorance of tbe crim
inality of such a course.
11th N. C. Troops. Col Collett Leven
thorpe, llth Regiment, N. C. Troops, has re
higned. Col. Leventhorpt entered tbe service
in the fall o' 1861, and has established a reputa
tion second to no officer of his rank in the
Confederate armf. He was seriously wound,
ed at Gettysburg, and it is supposed that this
is the reason for tendering his resignation.
He is succeeded by Lieut. Col. Wm J Martin,
well kn wn as Professor if Chemistry in tha
Universi'y of North Car lina. Maj. Frank W.
Bird, of Bertie, becomes Lieut. Colonel,
The Raleigh At Sea.
We learn from the Wilmington Journal,
that ou. the 6th inst., the Confederate iron-clad
gunboat, the Raleigb. under the command of
Lieut J. Pembndca Jones, and bearii g tho
broad pennant of Flag Officer Lynch, crossed
the New Iolet Bar in search of the blockading
squadron. During the night the iron-clad
steamed up and down the coast a considerable
distance, but without beiug a le to come to
close quarters, save in one or two instances,
the first shortly after going out, when she met
a blockading vessel cruising about, and gave
her a seven-inch shot crashing through, her
sides. Tbe blockader immediately left, mak
ing signals to the fleet. The second was
shortly after midnight, when she got another
shot at a blockader which apparently took her
for a steamer trving to come in. Receiving a
shot from the Raleigh he hoisted the unal
signal of a blue-light, thinking he bad been
fired on in mistake by some of bis consorts.
Auother shell undeceived him, and soon alarm
rignals flashed through tbe Yankee fleet, who
pnt oat to ea. In the morning some eiht
Yankee war vessels hove in sight, bni none
ventured near and only two or three within
long range. The Raleigh held the anchorage,
she being some eight miles from Fort Fisher,
until 8 o'clock on Saturday morning, when tbe
net 4nj. She was not bit once by the eiwmy.
! ' The Road to Independence.
The Richmond lispntch snys ; It may
reconcile us to the protraC'ed length of the
j war, that by no other means could our in
dependence U.i securely elblished, or our
separation Uom, the United States' made real
and complete. The plants of dost rapid
growth ure the aone.t to decay. If we had
achieved our iiberti? with case, we should
have; parted from them without difficulty.
We should have valued cur independence at
j the price itust usand if we had ga r.ed it
after the first b.ittle cf Manassas, we should
have been by this time ou tha road to recon
struction If th re ii a uati on ihe f ce of th earth
which ever obtained permanent independence
after a abort war. we know cot where to look
for its history. We cannot make ourselves a
ne.v people i i a day. We must g through a
baptism-of fire and blood ; we must be sub
jected to the sevea times heat-d furnace of
tribulation, and bear with patience the slow
process of moulding into new"forms, befure
we cease to be the things that w were.
This war has disclosed to us the true char
acter and purposes of the people from whom
we have septrated, and that disclosure has
produced its unanswerable jostiBcatton. It
has also made known to us our own strength
and resources. Who could have believed
three years ago that the Confederate people
wero capable -f nu,..h resistance? We have
found Gtwsvdtvsable to ind alone, even while
a oolossal enemy strove to be it us down. We
are learning to supply our own wants from
our own me :haiiicnl and agricultural indus
try. We are a quiring that self dependence
which is the only guarantee of iudependenco.
Th longer thedurati n of th war the more
p -rfrct the training which our population will
receive 10 minister to their own necessities, to
avoid the pst, woen pea e comos. of Yankees
and foreign artizans and tradesmen, who would
corrupt our society and vote nwy at the
ballot box th liberties and institutions they
were unable to rob us of in the fiVld.
From the Mobile Register.
The great Cattle In Louhlaiia.
The following i-s an extract from a priva'e
letter from a M I li'iau to his br ther in this
city. It is datd
Surkvep rt April 11. 1864.
You have not heard f 'he r su't, of B inks'
last expedition to capture the R d lliye val
ley. He advanced on General Tavlor with
40 000 men, 13 gunboats and 27 tra- sports
drove (general Tavlor to within 40 miles of
Sorevep-.rt, our Stone Arall ' fighting him all'
the way back, aud drawing him iu from the
liver in a direct line for this place General
Taylor being reinforced at Pleasant Hill by
two divisions from Price's army, he there
made a stand and whipped them in detaii,
after three days' fighting, completely routing
him, capturing 400 wagons, 28 guns and
thousands of small arms and prisoners every
hour, which he is scr'd'ug to Texas. The latter
now number 4 000. n. Taylor is pushing
the enem with his cavalry on the Fort Jesup
road, which leaves tho river eitit miles to their
loft. His artiU ry is on the river, nnd every
perm in knowing anything abut the river is
confident he will capture or des'roy a'l tho
transports nud gunboats. Tney enme here
with themtei ti n of staying, and pulled their
guubo'tts through the Campie settlement.
The river has fallen rapidly since they went
into that trap. a;id nothing short of a miracle
will save them.
Gen. Taylor.' f.rce did not exceed 22,000
men. T ie' Loui.iana troop f .ught like de
mons. Tecy wre in the last p irinh of the
State. Th loss in general flic r is very
heavy. M ij Gen. M mton is k 1-d, Colonel
Clack mortally wouod nl, and fifteen other
Colonels wounded. This is the only decisive
battle that has taken place on this side of the
river. There has never been such destruction
of property since the war begn. Our caval
ry destroyed the co ton a the Yai kees ad
vanced, and the Yaok'es detroyt?d houses,
c., turning women and children out, and
burning v ry thing they had I told y'U,
when I was last in M -bile, tint D ck Taylor
was the fighting gnerd his sid3 the river.
He should be a Lieuteuaut General after this
spot of work,
Maj. Gen. Dick Taylor
A corres p ndent of a Texas paper, writes
as follows of the Stonewall " of the Trans
MiSMssippi Department;
Maj. "Gen. Richard Taylor, commanding
the army ot L nisiana, U to Krby Smith as
StcnewaU Jat kn (h-8 great prototyp ) was
to Gen. Lee, At right arm VVe believe. Gen.
Tav ior to c rabme more of ih qualities -and
abilities ot Gfto Jckoooth an v other living
General. His determined resolution, his pru
oence, hi! vmdauce, sleepb-ss a-d tirel.-ss, as
so often exhibited, not only in hi carafiaiirn
with the great J ckso iu Virginia, but his
glortou a hieveineots as a couimauder of ah
indepeudent army in Louisiaiina are well
ki own all. Hu retreat Imm Camp Bisland
iu April, 1863. after holding at hay for three
days ihe enure army of General Btnks, with
less than one fourth of his numb, rs, his cut
ting through Grover who bad attenipted to
takeLhim in rear, his small fore harrassed by
douole duty ; here his great ability was ex
hibited more conepicu -usly as the dajigers
thickened and multiplied around him.
Placing that gallant oldNey,of his army,
Gen. loin Green, in his rear, to bring it
up, he continued for fourteen dajs his
celebrated retnat as far as Natchitoches,
pursued constantly by tbe overwhelmi: g
numb- rsot Banks, he had only to rely upon
his bold front, his masterly dispositions, aud
when all other resources' tailed, held his
ground and lunht them with an obstinacy
which even extorted the ad mi rati in of bts
enemy. During this fourteen days of al
most continuous fighting against such power
f'd odds, he came through without tbe loss of
a baggage wagon, a color or a gun.
Watching warily bin confident antagonist,
he only awaited for him to cross the Missis
sippi and comm uce the seige of Port Hud
son, ere he pounced, with tbe Eagle, upon his
immense depots at Brashear, overrun th
Lafourche, and only held np at the very gate
ol the Crescent City. Had Vicksburg, held
one week longer, nothing under heaeen coul 1
have prevented his capture and o upation of
that place. Again, wuen Banks made his
second grand attempt 'to penetrate into the
interior, the masterly disposition of Taylor,
carried ut by tne gallant Green, once mre
drove him back howling to his den -Taylor
is b.yond doubt the quickest iu concept! m
and tbe mist rpd in execution o' any Gren
tral in the Confederal army einoe the losj of
tho gloricns Jackton.
rpo the . People of Wllko rm,ir
"V V j V" ""'""noni ot rr uto
a cakidiaatf fw the office of SIIKRIJ'F. if "
the choice of the pooplo I hope ther will B0
rUre bv castlnir their voter t the next AtiiJ
election, arrt il l am M-cred, I ghall coaiidr
jusi, ur toe nepjj are me juageu.
ro. 18 16-w3t. J. F. KLLEU.
CIVID.1TK FOR THIS IEG!SLITUKK"
PMTMMER W. GRFK.Y, fo. K, 1st N'."
Cavalry, repectfullv offers bit nci '
represeAt the poopl of Warren count in tk
Honse of Commons of tho next LegUUture
Erection first Thursday In A.uciait.
miT U-15-wfcle
Notlcr.-Takn np and committed to
the Jail of Ca.awb. a dark XKURO mau
about fifty renf age Said mro uri hia ntuo
i PLEASANT, and that h- Is the property of
Hugh Carlyle and Gen. HftnoVrson of Oeofjit.
A. J HKLTKV. JiUr.
Newton X. C. April 13th 1S64. ap. 30 l2-w6ta.
FOR SHRRIFF OF WILSOX CO' NTT.
WE ARE AUTHORIZED TO AVNOUNTE
Lieut OARRY FDLOHCU. of Co. B. 2d
N. C Infantry, a s candidtte fur the office of
High Sheriff of the county of WiIoa N. C, in
the otnine August flection,
ap 21-?S-dit&w4t
$50 REWARD.
R ANA WAY FROM THE SUBSCRIBER ON
the 14th of February, a NEGRO WOMAN.
S.nt woman is &Hout On ynrs of enplexia
blacky height 5 feet four inches, and has lo.t hr
right breast by a cancer. Suppose sbe it try.
ing to piss her1f off hs a free woman in tho
neighborhood of Kn .p of Reedi. or Tally Ho,
Granville county, N. C. The keve reward will h
paid for her delivery to me or con6teto'nt in Jail
so that I can get her. SARAH K. ROSS,
ap t 57-w4t Durham Stationv N- C.
OClce of Chief Quartermaster, lUlrl-b,
February 17tb 18G1. Proposals will be re
ceived at this oJlice until the 28th inst., for tho
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Vutn.
Proposals muat state the price per trail mi for tht
oil pr-)ducid: ai ths Qovernment will rquiro
the total produce cf oil as well as nitck.
W. W. PEIftCE.
20-d3tAw3t Mai. an-Cbi f g f
Wilmington Journal. Fayettevill Obaer
ver, KalcMgb Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy S timod and send bill to Maj. Petrce.
Lead Mine Interest for Sale.
r M DISPOSED TO SELL MY INTEREST
in the WYTHE UNION LEAD MIXi. COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is tbuUt
to pay a heavy per centum to the utockhol tiers.
I iuvite gt titlomtMi of capital to xaminetbe piop
erty. Mr. Wm. Kohler, the agent, will give all
the necessary information, or they can cull and
see me at Hickory Grove o Piplar Camp, ia
Wrthe countv. Va.
mh 2G-52-dtt-w4t
A. N. CH FFIN.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, CAB Alt It US
.'ounty. Court of Fleas and Quarter Semnon.",
April Term, 1804.
M. M. MUenheimer, adin'r "
of D. C. Wilhelm, I Petition to sell land.
vs r
A. M. Wilhelm & others, )
'It appearing to the' satisfaction of the Court
that George L igan and wile Nancy, and A. M.
Wilhelm are not inhabitants of this State, it ii
ordered bv th Cou.t that publication be ma!n
for sin weeks in the Weekly Conederatc foi said
defendants to appear at the next term of this
court, to be held tor tbe county of Cabarrus, at
tbe court bouse in Concord on ih" third Monday
in Julv next, and show cnuse if any tbey have,
why the lands described in tbe petition should uut
be sold according to the prayers of th petition.
Witness, Joseph Young, Clerk of our said Court
at o nce in Concord, the third Monday in April,
A. D. 18G4. JOSEPH YOUNG, Clerk.
ma 4-w0t pr. avd. $36.
THE SOUTH VICTORIOUS !
NEW BOOKS ! HEW BOOKS ! t
(Our Own Publicatiuna.)
Myrtle Leaves, just from tbe press
$2 00
75
Siings or Live and Liberty "
Primary Geographv' "
00
uo
00
50
2.
:)
'j
York's Eojtlish Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Hill's Poems, second edition,
Morven and Linda
Dixie Primer, pictorial third edition,
Fust Dixie Reader,
Tbe Dixie Spelling Bok in press,
Johnson's School Ai lthun tio in press,
The Jack Morgan Songster in press
Elementary Spelling Book in press.
One third otf to the trade.
The following Books re published at various
places in the Confedci acy :
NOVELS.
Ladv Audlej's Secret,
Dickeu's Last Novel,
RoDert and Harold,
Eleanor's Victory,
Le Miserables Fantine,
" MariUs,
" " St. Dennis,
" " Jean Valjeaa,
The Bohemian,
Raids and Romance of Morgan and Mea,
Field ami Fireside Novelette,
The Confedeiate A Romaatie Essay,
Silas Marner,
Tbe Battle of the Bards
.SCHOOL BOOKS.
Hunten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's ArithmeUc,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Primary Geography,
York's English Grammar,
First Book in Composition,
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader,
Wesleyan Catechism No. 1,
Wesleyan Catechim, No. 2
Capers' Catechism,
Sermon Cateehism,
Biblical Catechism, by Lansdell.
MILITARY WOllKS.
Gilhan's Manual,
Army Regulations,
Evolutions ot the Line,
Wheeler's Caraliy,
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Exercise and Skirmish Drill,
The Volunteer's Hand-book,
School ot tbe Guides,
CO
00
00
50
00
00
00
10
25
6 50
00
U0
00
Ot)
00
00
00
00
00
o
75
25
7&
50
50
10 00
6 00
00
00
25
25
25
25
00
00
25
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery, by Dr. Warren,
Volunteer's Ficl ana Camp Book,
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
The War and its Heroes, Illustrated,
Myrtle Leaves,
Hill's Poems,
8outbern Model Leter Writer,
Morven aud Liuda,
Rival Admiuistrati ns.
Scriptural Views of National Trials,
Romantic Passages in 8. W. History,
Toe Camp Jester,
Diary of tbe War,
The Seige of Vicksburg,
Tbe Suudsy School Bell,
The Sabbath School Wreath,
Plowing aud Ditching,
Fun for the Camp,
Campaign tr m Texas to Maryland,
Neeley's Discourses,
Dr. aeenis' Sermons,
The Age A Mew Monthly,
Southern Literary- Messenger,
Map of the Confederate States,
Bombardment of Vicksburg, Eugraving,
Dr. Deems' Port rn it,
Soldier Boy 8ongter,
Songs of Love and Liberty,
Geueral Jackson's Portrait,
Boooie Blue Flag Song Book,
Cot' on Field Melodies,
Rebel 8uugster,
Confederate F.ag Songster,
Htone.tl fiunir Book.
60
00
60
00
25
00
00
50
00
1
1
1
3
8
1
3 00
It 60
60
75
1
1
3
25
i0
00
8 o0
2 .0
2
o
5
S
1
1
1
60
60
00
60
50
00
75
60
60
60
CO
00
00
N. B TiiOe ordering books by mail should
sand ao extra ten oents on the dollar, for pos
tage. BRANSON ft FARRAB,
May 4 rf Ralsigb, V. C.
Th.nrnK o ,, .. .. " ,