THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, Apit 20, 1861.
We have of late furnished to our readers
from time to time the gratifying indications
of tbe break down at the north, and the evi
dences that this year may see the close of the
war and tho tay of our deliverance draw nigh.
When these inspiring assurances reach us,
we should be very careful to imbibe there
from no " inertia of hope " as will enfeeble
effort or relax exertion ; but rather arouse,
under the stimulus of sanguine confidence, to
a renewed determination, to a more active
via .r. a mor self-sacrificing devotion ; thereby
Vakintr nf the zlad tilings an instrument to
ht desirable end.
Kich day add., anew to the manifest indica
tions. d our 81CCC-S9." Tha barometer of finance
r.t the north denotes no scattering ol the
cVyi !j ; all the fnuil, evasions, shifts and
device f Chase, work ill. He deceives tho
j:;aa5, and takes in many a yankee subyct,
i.o more honest than himself. lut at Lis own
(unci's there are "always secret foes, who are
n.irr: tip .n .m; ana irre .3 u"t.a iu-jt.
he makes to better the yankuo purse, that some
:c clctf? by Lis siue is ii-t interested to
thwart. Stanton or Seward, for example,
thus W'V the !an: When gets a little
n-y, passes a day when it escapes a chill,
these coveys tit down and despitch to Mrs.
Sli'jrrnnn or some other " w'fe, or mother, or
.;t r," of New York, of some pliable finan
( t.-r, " that John is very ill ; " or " Mary gets
nai.-h worse, and there's no hope ; " or any
'.her nt.'iorri'decep'i..:!. Up)nthis the shrewd
financier ges in and buys cautiously, very
quu-tly, I'.ts of goM." Hy and by the news
bogir.s t.i spn;ad. tli.it a feleral disaster has
n "cirre 1, .'.:? '!! 41 ' g-te.i upj ' the first sold
being tli ;e ' lut nf gold" that the shrewd
financier had j.st bought. The profit goes to
arcou!t ff ItfjancK'i', and th dear friend who
telegraphed tho sad condition of 44 John and
Mary." Miuts were maile by these unrelent
ing knave who have hold of the reins in
Tiibylon, on the late occaion of Sherman's
failure, after this fashion :
A delica'ely scented French paper, in a la
dy's hand, ad Iressed '' George II. Montgome
ry," 5th Avenue Hotel : " Dj come at once.
Mary cannot liv twenty-four hours.
Laura."
The censor of the government sees thisdis
p itch go through; he doesn't, in the least,
suspect that "Laura ' is no more, no les.
than Stanton, Lincoln's Secretary of War,
and therefore doesn't stop it. lie doesn'fc
know that a cute banker on Wall street has
sent a messenger to say to the, clerk at tho
."uh Avenue Hotel kt'er ofTice, if a dispatch
comes f r George II. Montgomery," send
... or Wall itrpet. The clerk doesn't
care if Mr. , who grts tho dispatch, is
Ijo more Montgomery than he is a glass of
clump.tgneon treat, or an hour's reading of
tiit. Herald, will drown any conscientious
compunction ; and then he isn't Mrs. 's
dttectivt' not in her way and this is only
perhaps a cass of miccegeuation ; and Anna
lickinon says that, that is all right ; and the
cleik believes in Anna ; and si Lauua's t.-lc-g-ain
goes safe to George ; a 44 snug HttlJot
of gold " is bought before Chase can get to
the market, aud in an hour the news is out;
up mounts the mercury to fever heat- 44 a
bring little lot of gold "' is sold at 5 per cent,
premium, and Stanton and William II., and
father Abe know all about it, and.Chase don't
know anythiug ; and these three members
of the holt alliance stand before the warm
coal fire, and draw their long coat tails under
their arras, and flip thorn in front; and ro.Jst
and make merry ; and ever and anon the
kingot j'SJers puts his hand upon the knob of
the small thermometer, and, as tho liquid
goes up he says, 44 how curiously mercurial
the litt'r fellow is; he ruus up when I put
my hand on him, just like our venerable chief,
fvott, and little Mac and the other Mc. ar.d
Pope, and Il.oker, and Meade; and when I
take my baud oft', they all go down ; aud if I
put them in a little cold waiter, they go lower,
still, and we three make gold do the same thing.
Now, if Grant has got any mercury or gold
in him, why we will do the same with him."
And the confidential three chuckle and enjoy
this new joke let off not the worst uor
most inhuman, by long odds, thai they have
laughed at, that made others mourn. The
explanation, of tho whole is, that by this
worthies were 44 let in " to a nice handful of
spending money, and only the yankee na
tion were berobbed a little ; and of course
the occasion could cot be lost to let off from
the everlasting joke "masheen "an illustra
tion of the daily robbery of character which
they commit as it becomes convenient. t
Day by day these disclosures of false, base,
corrupt dishonesty, without stint, without
limit, rise above the surface of the Yankee
cesspool. Eeach new discovery adds a more
loathsome taint to their national character,
and a more confirmed intention to escape from
"fetich villainous association. If purity be
valued, individual virtue, national honor,
social morality, then let ns flee the race whose
rahsion seems to be to open the vials of cor
ruption over the land that they control.
What we must Expect. A bill is before
the yankee Congress whose object, as stated
in the Xew York Herald, is 44 U divide the
forfeited estates of the rebels . among our the
yankee colored sailors and soldiers. " Let
every Southern man look to it. Not only
those who have estates, but those who have
cone, over whose heads tho yaokeee thus in
tend to put the debased Northern negroes and
runaway slaves. These are to be the proper
ty holders in the Confederacy, if the Confede
racy should be insane enough to permit such
a result. Better give not only half but all
that a man has to avett such a fate.
A Handsome Sword.
. We were shown by Col. Mallett, on yesterday,
a handsome Sword, that was manufactured by
Messrs. S. Froelick & Co., at Kenansville, in
this State. It is a heavy, well-balanced sabre,
admirably shaped and temperd for effective
service, and finished ofF in excellent style. Tbe
scabbard is also admirablyexecuted and both
reflect most creditably en the mechanical skill
and genius of the manufacturers.
We were surprised to learn from Col. Mallett,
of such, an establishment at Kenansville, and of
the amount of work it has executed for the
Government. From April 1st, 1861, to March
1st, 1864, this establishment has furniahed 18
sets of Sorgical Instruments, 800 gros of mili
tary buttons, 3,700 lance spears, ,600 sabre
bayonets, 11 ,700 cavalry sabres. 2,700 officer's
sabres, GOO navy cutlasses, 800 artillery cut
lasses, 1,"00 sets of infantry accoutrements,
300 sabre belt?, and 800 knapsacks.
We are pleased to know of such a valuable
ana" extensive establishment in our State, and
hope the fullest reward of profit may be receiv.
ed by the enterprising Proprietors. Indeed we
understand that the demands of the Govern
ment keep its whole force most industriously and
energetically employed.
The Malls'
A good deal has been said, and much blame
attached to the military authorities, for the
impressment of tbetrains and the stoppage
of the.mails on the N. C. Railroad. We are
not aware who is at fault for this stoppage,
but we find in the book of "General Orders,"
the following, from which it is inferable that
the Road either did not attach the mail car, as
required in the Order, or the military author
ities transcended their-powers, if they had the
mail car left off : -
As it Is of the greatest importance to t lie coun
try that the mails should be transmitted wi h reg
ularity and promptness, it is ordered that-, -whenever
the exigencies of the service render it neces
sary to use the mail trains for the transportation
ff troops and military supplies, the-ofh'cer directing
the movement will give orders to have the mail
car attached to the train and carried on its proper
route, or at least to the point where it may be
come necessary to stop or divert the transportation
train.
By order of General Lrb.
T. A. WASHINGTON,
Major and A. A. fit.
We learn from tho Charlotte Democrat, that
the Directors of thoRailroad leading from
Charlotte to Statesville, have generously
agreed to voluntarihy surrender a portion of
the rails to the Government for the purpose of
completing the Danville connection. Such
patriotic sacrifices by corporations or individ
uals is to be commended.
We learn that only about six miles of the
rails just above Mount Mourne will be taken
up. The cars will continue to run between
Mount Mourne aud Charlotte,, and as soon as
enough of strap iron can be obtained to put
in the place of the T rails removed, we pre
sume the whole line will be put in operation
again.
We learn from late - Northern papers, that
General Grant was at Fortress Monroe when
our Exchange Commissioner, Mr. Ould, was
there, and we infer an interview between the
two was held. Gen. Grant, on his return to
Washington, hpld a long interview with the
President and Secretary of W. A dispatch
from Washington says :
44An arrangement was made, while General
Grant was at Fortress Monroe, by which tho
exchange of prisoners is to proceed, on terms
entirely satisfactory to the Government
The preliminaries for the exchange are entire
ly satisfactory to the Government authorities,
and were heartily approved by jGeneral Grant.
The rebel Commissioner Ould ,was at Old
Point while General Graut was there ."
Don't forget to save your rags. All the
paper mills and newspaper publishers arc in
a strait for the want of material. It- costs
nothing to save- rags and high prices are pakl
for them. If the money the rags bring in is
not an inducement to take care of them, then
do it for the purpose of keeping the news
papers from suspending. White fags, of
course, are somewhat preferable1, but colored
ones will do to make paper of some sort. Cot
ton orliocn rags of any description will make
newspaper.
Sorghum. In all tbe Southern States the
molasses made from the sugar cane is be
coming an important article of food It is to
supply t he place of meat to a considerable ex
tent., aAd if th.. wr' continues beyond the
present year, it will become a common diet of
all classes. The army cannot bo adequately
supplied with .vegetables, and must have meat
so long as the country can furnish it. The
people at homo will have to let the soldiers
have the bacon and beef, while they can live
on butter, milk, molasses and vegetables.
In this section of country, where, a few
years ago, only small patches of sorghum were
cultivated, by very few farmer?, this is now
as generally raised as many other crops, and
most of theplanters design making enough
molasses out of it to feed their slaves in part,
so as to help along the bacon. Every man
who has a farm should plant a field of sor
ghum. JVith a little attention and experience, our
people will no doubt make the sorghum molas
ses a very wholesome and palatable food. The
most of it prepared last year, was toa acid to
be altogether pleasant to the taste ; but this .
objection can be easily removed. With a little
more boiling so as to get the- syrup free of wa
ter, the acidity would disappear ; bat as danger
of burning is apprehended, with much boiling,
probably the safest mode of correcting the
aeidity is in adding alkali such as soda or pot
ash. When prepared with due csre and a prop
er knowledge of the nature of the juice, we have
do doubt the 6orghum can be made equal to the
ordinary molasses botlrtn taste and wholesome-
bcss;
Attacks on Ministers of tbe Gospel
The Charlotte Democrat has an article on
the subject of attacks on ministers of the
gospel, by certain presses and politicians,
wnich is both truthful and opportune. And
we find these attacks directed altogether j
against ministers who are loyal to tbe'govern- j
ment, and who endeavor to impress into the
minds of their . hearers, a spirit of patriotic
ardor and devotion to the cause of the South.
Why is it that they, and they alone (for there
a are few others who teach differently both pubr
licly and privately,) why is it, we say, that
these alone are singled out for denunciation
, m?nl Teachers.'' and all manner of
abuses heaped upon them ? The Democrat
agfcg JaSt because these ministers have uni
formly supported the Confederate cause and
urged the people to sustaia the Confederate
Government? It must be on this aeconut,
for it is well known-that southern ministers
(with hardly an exception) have never dab
bled in nartv politics. Tho agitators and the
r -
factious find -these ministers in their vay,
and when they attempt to deceive the peo
ple by their ahuse'of the goveremcnt and its
authorities, they find the christian minister of
the South always ready to exhort harmony
nmnnor thfl neonla and a cordial support of
o 1 x -
the Government ; hence they incur the dis
pleasure of all demagogues and agitators and
mischief-makers. A southern man cannot
be a christian and please God without being
a friend to the Confederate cause' and sympa
thize with a people who are fighting for lib
erty, .property, wives arid children, and their
very existence. ..Ministers who encourage
their people to continue the struggle wtfil
independence is achieved, should be com
mended rather than ridiculed or abused.
Those who denounce them for doing go are
untrue at heart.
TheWarKews
It is satisfactorily ascertained that Grant
has as yet received no organized reinforce
ments. So far the accession to the enemy s
forces in Northern Vinginia has been, from
furloughed men, &c, and is considerable.
In the re-organization of Grant's army there
are enumerated thirty-two brigades which,
estimating the average of the Yankee regi
ment at three hundred and fifty men, would
give Grant about forty-four thousand infan
try. These figures are not the result of idle
speculation, but of an investigation, the full
particulars ( f which we need not give here. :
It is supposed that Grant cannot conveniently
or prudently draw any large reinforcements
from Tennessee or Mississippi, as he certain
ly could not replace his garrisons in the West
by coloured troops or other, indifferent mate
rial. He will have to look for reinforcements
from unimportant posts in the North and
from his coastlines; and from these if he draws
twenty thousand men he will have gone to the
extent of his- present resources.
The movements of Forrest, until be is again
wiihin otir lines, will necessarily be the .at
traction in the West. The public speculation
maps out for this gallant and adventurous
command an extended field of operations arid
important results. Some suppose that Nash
viile may be the object, while others imagine
Forrest's certain capture of Memphis before
he returns to his originaH)ase of operations.
But this, of course, is all conjecture. His
invasion of Tennessee and Kentucky may be
a part of a general plan of campaign, involv
ing other importsnt movement ; br it may be
entirely independent of all connection with
the movement of all other armies and com
mario's. ' . .
' There was a rumor yesterday tht Burn
side was landing troops at Newport News.
It was rmt confirmed at the War" Department,
and we do not know of any reason to treat it
as probable. Examiner.
For The Confederate.
Discussion at Lexington.
Messrs. Editors; The candidates to fill
-the vacancy in the 7th Congressional Dis
trict, met in Lexington on Tuesday, April
5th. The Court House was crowded. Mr.
Foster led off in his r.sual happy manner,
convincing every one that he was for the in."
dependence of the Southern Confederacy, for
peace at home, for peace with the yankees
by the regiWir and constitutional atithorifies,
for 'Governor Vance and against Ilolden,
against the, Conservative scheme and all other
agitating schemes, ' He made a fino impre3
ion.
uea. ljeaoii tnen lotiowed : He read a
card that he had written, denying Van Man
ning's charge seeming very tender-footed
about the whole matter .he then harangued
the people in a long, loud, and windy manner,
about blood and tears, and ashes, about peace,
about negotiation, ac, but ae
" Wired in and wired out,
. And left the people stilrin doubt,
Whether the snake that made the track,
Was- going North or coming back."
Then followed Captain Ramsey : and if
Cteu. Lcocb Am( ' adv friends in. the fVmrf.
House, they must have felt for the General
W - - - WU.V
They never saw anything skinned alive be
fore. The immense crowd seemed to enjoy
the process hugely, jud'ginEr from the contin
ued and universal applause ; hence, it is infer
red the General had but few frindc thrK
But the gallant Captain made a mistake in
Bupposing that the applause meant volet for
him it only meant satisfaction that the Gen
eral was getting what they thought was his
due, and were amazed at the process of skin
ning a live eel- He was skinned and chop
ped up, but he would wiggle. The General's
friends saw the Captain's mistake and did
all they could to keep up his hallucination.
Many of the cttizens of Davidson would
like to vote for the Captain, but they know
that it would be. throwing their votes away,
or rather it would be helping Gen. Leack. The
best thing the Captain could ;do (if be would
take advice,) for the cause and himself, is to j
withdraw and leave a clear field to Foster
and Lieacb. ' .
Let every voter, in the army and at home,
remember that every vote for anybody else
but Foster, helps to elect Gen. Leach. ,
CITIZEN;
This communication was received several
days behind time owing to a suspension in
tbe mails. Written on the 6h, it reaohed as
on the 12th, yesterday. Eos. Cosfedxbate.J
A schoolmaster out West has posted in his
school room the following : "Notis No swar
in, cussin, or runnin abowt luce or hollerin in
this scul.
Jlaxlralllan and bis American delations, j
The news wbic we publish to-day from
Europe, announces that Maximili in will sail ou
the 13th of this month, (Wednesday nxr, for
the shores of Mexico. Tie haa lee;i diligentl;
employed for some time in visiting the-eewneo!
beads of Europe, ana conciliating vacir guvu.
will and friendship for himselrandtiis new em- .
WW . -fc.lA.t. 1. JL L 1 2
pire. Having tnu aone wnac do mtgni to mjr
the foundations or future amity ana support m
that gutlrter. he is now about to embark for
America, and enter upon the problems which
await him here. His journey to his capital
city is to be made without halting; anl the ad
vent of May will probably find him in rais palace
in Mexico.
It is not many years since Lonia Napoleon
Bonaparte was a penniless exile, seeking suc
cessively in various, countries the home which
France denied him. As a Pretender he nurse
ed bat little notice. His capacity was .sti ma
ted as mean and his lortuues desperate. But
he has long ago taught the world a wholly dit
Cerent judgment of his parts, while bis rxalta-
tlon and success are such marvels aa dreams
are mad of..
It is not many years since the UdCkacr States
of America were as prosperous as Napoleon was
unfortunate. They boasted of their vast power
and their wonderful growth; and brandishing
the sword in the face of the ,world, they gave
all nations to understand that all America was
under the patronage and protection-of the
United States, and that no outside interference
would be allowed in the affairs of this conti
nent. "AHd Europe heayeJ and Tespectcd. The
present hour,finds the United States dissolved;
their prestige and influence gone; their power
no longer feared. While ihey have been Sud
denly abased, it is Louis Napoleon who has been
as remarkably exalted, and has put up jd them
the first affront. It is he who has pricked the
bubble of their pride. It is Louis Napoleon,
who a few years ago had neither attendants nor
shelter, that is now puissant enough to put his
heel on the Monroe doctrine. He who had no
crown for himself, has placed a crown on ar
Austrian's head, and built him a- thror an
American republic, in quiet disregard of the
oft-repeated menaces of tbe. ence great United
States. This great political and moral phe
nomenon is now completed, and has gone to
history. It will read more like a romancer's
dream than the plain story of veritable history.
What awaits Maximilian when the pageant
of the ceronation is over ? How will he be
revived by his American neighbors? and
what will bo his own policy as to them?
There is much speculation on these points.
The European accounts, which we publish
to-day, represent that he has determined
upon a line of neutrality between the United
States and Confederate States in their present
war. This we do not doubt. But does.it im
ply a refusal to recognize the Confederacy
which lies neighbor, and is disposed to be
friendly to him, and whose Government-is
older than his own ?
Perhaps Maximilian may find himself
quickened to a conclusion by the proceedings
of the Yankee House of Representatives,
which we publish to-day. By a unanimous
vote, they have affirmed thafr- it would not
comport with the dignity of the Government
tbey represent to recognize the new Emperor,
or to respect the interference of Louis Napo
leon, through which Mexico has been made a
monarchy and Maximilian a king. They do
not intend to speak to His Majesty, or receive
his salutation. What else they may do, or
not do, they say not ; but what they havo
said -and it is a good deal they say unani
mously. We confess we did not anticipate so much
spirit at Washington. It almost commands
respect; for it reads as if they really felt they
had somewhat of the dignity of the old United
States to maintain. It may prove, however,
but a passing impulse. It may be an easy
thing to recede, if they should imagine expe
diency to require it. Then, too, it must be
remembered that the treaty-making power has
not joined in the utterance. Seward has
never yet ventured to. visit impertinences or
attempt bluster upon Napoleon. He has
discovered that Napoleon is a very differpn
man from Lord Russell, and he bows to the
difference. - Besides he has already prepared
the way, in the letter to Gen. Banks, not only
for a strict neutrality towards Maximilian,
but for his recognition, if the Mexican peo
ple should rot withhold theirs. And as
Seward is prepared to yield honor, trutfi, and
the most vital interests, to other nations, that
he may not weaken his chance of accomplish
ing his demoniacal desires upon the Confede
rate States, we have stood prepared to bee
him prostrate himself before Maximilian with
out difficulty, when (he time for it gh.ou.ld
come. -
The action of the House of Representatives
cannot, however, be without its effect. It is
an affront to Napoleon, and to his friend and
protege, which will necessarily offend both.
And it is difficult to conceive that it would
have been determined upon in the presence
of Lincoln apd by the unanimous vote of his
party friends, if it is not to be taken as indi
cating the course of the Washington Admin
istration. We suppose that while it stands
unretracted, Maximilian would not deem it
compatible with his honor to send an envoy
to Washington, and that Lincoln will hardly
ventnre to send one to Mexico. Maximilian
and President Lincoln are not likely, there
fore, to institute diplomatic relations. It may
be that Lincoln has lejirned of an intention on
the part of Maximilian to "proffer courteous
relations to the Confederate States, and that
the present show of spirit is merely making a
virtue of necessity, and a display of loftiness
where it is known that humiliation would be
unavailing. -The - Mexican question gives
still brighter promise of being propitious to
Confederate interests. Richmond Sentinel.
Fob Governor, Z, B. ; Vance. It seems
to us impossible that the people of North
Carolina should think of preferring any man
for Governor, over him whose name is minted
at the head of this article. He has been our
Governor for nearly two years. Inthat nerind
he has done more for the State, the soldiers'
family, and the poor of the State senerallv.
than it was expected even Ac could do, much
as was expected of him when he entered
upon the duties of his office.
As between him and the
date, there can be no doubt We know Z. B.
Vance. His acts speak for him trumpet
tongued, they sound his praises through the
land. .Nor Envy, nor Malioe, with their foul
and Blistering tongues, have been able to de
tract aught from his well earned and nobly
sustained reputation for hooor, probity, and
justice. Read his speeches consider his acts.
He is for peaoea constitutional peace. Hol
densaysAe is for peace, too.- Wliatsortof
peace ? Why, the very best he can get, which
means peaoe on any terms l it means any
thing. Who can hesitate between the two?
Wadesboro' Argus. ' ,
. There is no vice or folly that requires so
much nicety and skill to manage as vanity ;
nor any which, by ill management, makes
such a contemptible figure.
Important ftfQ Europe, .
The Northern papere broufllit . up hy the
ag of truce, contain wlviocgf rem Europe to
lhe"25rh of March. Yho news is 'especially
iiteriiting. It is saU: that-Maximilian would
embark for Mexico on the' 13th of April,
and it was"rumo&ed. that a line of a policy
embracing entire neutrality.. sn regard roer-.
ican a flairs bad: been agreed upon between
-Napoleon ant! him. A yankee paper goe
lurioer. and cteoiarea that . Alaxinwiian had
"snubbed"- Slidell most decitfedly: that
Slidell sought an Interview wlih him, but
Maximilian refused to meet or notice . him.-
Another- rumor put forth in the vankea pa
per is, that the Congress at Washington, ha
refusal to rccguize the Maximilian. Governs
met in Mexico, but it la not stated whether
tki action was taken before or. after the in
tctiisenoo was received of the alleged snub
hius:" of Slidell. Hut these r,rd su?re news
paper stones, aiylwcnniy mention them in
this connection tor what they are worth
We find no positive confirmation of them in
the Europeaa papers, .but the L ndoa Globe
repeats the story of &ideU applying to Max
imilian for nn luterrlcw and being refused.
We lay. befrre our readers, carefully cllafed
teluw, all the authentic information we can
find In the English' and French papers of the
movements of Maximilian, and particularly
of tho policy the new lumperor of Mexico is
said to have decidft to dbscrvo towrcU the
Confederate States;
SJAXl-Mims's DEPARTURE FOR MEXICO.
From the Memorial Diplomatique.)
The Emperor Maximilian will embark for
Mexico ou the 13lh of April.
The Archduke Maximilian has definitely
fixed Easter Sunday, the 9Tth of March for
the official reception of .the Mexican deputa
tion at Miromay,
Immediately fter the reception k Minister
without portfolio will be appointed to coun
tersign all the acts of the new Emperor. This
important office appears to ba destined for
Colonel Velasquez de Leon, formerly Minister
of Public Works, Industry and Commerce in
Mexico, and member of many learned societies
in Europe, one of the most ivellinformed and
distinguished men of his country.
General Wollf, a Frenchman by birth, but
a naturalized Mexican; who, as well as M.
Velaquez was one of the members of the Mexi
can deputation, has beon appointed chief of
the military establishment of the Emperor
Maximilian I. V
"Colonel Velasquea and General Wollf wouUJ
embark on board the Novara, to accy.npany
their sovereign to Mexico.
The Mexican majesties vjVu not make any
stay at Vera Cruz, n sighing to expose any
person to the ri or the -sickness .which some,
tinges com fences to ravage the sea-coast in the
first aeats of spring.
They will receive at Orizaba the 'authorities
who proposed to meet them as far as Vera
Cruz.
The Emperor and Empress of Mexico, after
having paid a visit to tbe Pope, will touch at
Valencia, where they will have an interview
with the King and Queen of Spain.
SLIDELL ASKS AN INTKBVIKW WITH MAXIMILIAN
AMU IS REFUSED.
From the London Globs.
During Maximilian's visit to Paris, Mr. Sli
dell applied, by letter, to him for an audieno.e.
After consulting his Imperial host, Maximilian
firmly but courmusly declined to grant it. Tbe
rumours, therefore, of an early recognition of
the Confederate States by prauoe-and Mexico,
and an alliance between the latter Empire and
the Southern Confederacy are altogether de
void of foundation.
SPECULATIONS MAXIMILIAN POLICY TO
WARDS THE CONFEDERATE STATE,
From the London Globe.
We have reason to believe that on accept
ing the Crown of Mexico, the Emperor Maxi
milian will address from Miramar a formal
notification of his accession to the throne to all
Provinces and Powers with which he desires
to establish diplomatic relations. 'Among the
number are tho United States of America,
Mr. Dayton, the American Minister in, Paris,
having already intimated the readiness of his
Government to accredit a representative in
Mexico, and receive a Minister from the Em
peror of Mexico. Towards .the Conjederaie
States tht policy of Maximilian icill be that of
strict neutrality. By the advice of the Em
peror Napoleon, he will abstain from recog
nizing the independence of the Southern Con
Jederacy, or entering into any diplomatic re
lations with it vntil France shall have done so.
From the London HejI3L'
Unless the Emperor Napoleon and Maxi
milian recognize the South the establishment
of the Mexican Empire will be a fruitless ev.
penditure of strength by France, yHu
in humiliation to all cncenecJi
TIIK AMERICAN WAft IN EUEoPE COMMENTS 0?
THE ENGLJSII PRESS,
The English press are still . discussing the
American war apparently with great interest
The London Times reviews the preseut aspec
ot the war, declares that its importanco has
i Jl Ji; it v . " i . .-.
m uu uegree uecuuca,- dui mat "H any point
of the case is clearer than it was two years
ago, it is thist that the contest will be a lone
J .i 1L 1 . .
ue, uuu iuai loe enu is as yet not so much as
foreshadowed. It then reviews the progress
that the North has made, and says that its
successes "are gratifying to the feelings of the
JNorth, and they enable Mr. Seward to ex pa-
A? a l1..-1 1 .
uaie wun complacency m nts .fupluraatio cir
culars on the ubiquitous presence of the Union
flag. But they have effected very little toward
me suojugauon oj ine oouui, or tho termina
tion ot the war, 4
A party of 15 or 20 armed men visited the
Reems' Creek settlement, eight miles north of
this place, on Sunday night last, and forcibly
took all the fire arms they could find. They
visited tne nouses of Kev. Jacob Weaver,
itev. jviontraville Weaver, Col. J. T. Weaver
and Capt. W. F. Parker. The latter two
gentlemen are absent in the service. The
band represented themselves as belonrinr 10
r.1 fCTJ . 1 w 1 mi? 0
vm. ana a wuiuuj-im uu uaurei. inis may
or may -not be so. They were pursued by
some Confederate cavalrv. but made frond
meir escape. Asncvxue IVeirx.
...; tt ... -V 1
From the Westers Democrat
The "Cut Worm."
Recipe to prevent the cut worm from destroy
ing young corn in low grounds..
Mr. Edito : I have been informed that a
fanner in a neighboring State concluded to
try the experiment of soaking the seed corn.
which he intended to plant in low gronnds,in
solution of tbe berry of the China tree, in
order to prevent the ravages of the cut worm,
and found that the remedy succeeded admir
ably.- As planting time is at hand, and it is
important tbt the farmers make good crops
these hard .times, I send you the above so that
others may try it. It fs a remedy in reaoh of
every one. . A" FbiekaxkAgbicultubk.
The greatest of all cunning is to appear
blind to the snares laid for as ; men being
never to easily deceived as when they are en
deavoring to deceive others,
MoroofHrOVrlRht, of Gcga.,
1 .Sben we stated, a hort time ago, that
the resolutions of Mr, Wri-ht wc not ' con
sidered in the last Congress, but; that ie
were contemptuously stubbed a Javoring of
reconstruction, we wotq quite &aro 0f tj-0
facts whicU we stated. Shortly thereafter
oertain, prooeaiings of tbe 40th SLlssisu-pp,
volunteers were published, with a lotter frou.
Theodorio G. Lyon and J. M. YVXherspoon,
which purported in the name of tho 43th, to
approve Mr.- Wright's resolutions. Tho- press
of this State favoring agitation nrl olke
branches at once caught at this puUicatiun,
and gve it a wide circulation. WVaow anl
ncx the genuine pravoedinsa of th- gallant
Forty-eighth, from which it will boson that
the soMicja of that regiment put a proper ea
tirnate &n Mr. Wright's resolutions, and nimi.
lar treasonable imttera. The sentiments of
tho soldiers are those of loyal men generally
anl wc commend them to tho notieo of th
Progress, that H may correct its previous evil
by publishing the titith
JIR. WniGIlT'8 RKSOLliTiOM 1M TnH ARMY.
4Sth Miss. W, Harris' JIhiuade, )
Camp oa Claxk'a Mountain, V., I
, March 19, 1864.
A meejlag c.f this regiment wna held at their"
camp 00 the 19th inet., and was callorl to onler ly
Sergeant Ewell, who nominated 1'rhfa.o J. ...
Weiler, of Company O, f r Chairman; who was '
unanimously elected. Acting Serpeant Mnjor
Cruicp, Sergeant W. S. Hard and Privato A. I.
Conklin, vrero appointed Secretaries.
On motion of Sergeant TJwt41, a committee .f
one from each eotLpany in tho regiment was ap.
pointed to draft resolutions exprcroivo of the eon.-o
of the meeting.
Tho committee retired, and the regiment wa.
addressed by Lieut. Col. T. 11. Manlove, Seret. T.
Gibson, Lieut. F." II. Uuqucrcorn, Capt. h. 0.
Moore, Capt. tlarold P. Bellamy, Pr.vat (uorir.
Robertson. Lieut. W. M. Bullock, Sergt. Geo. 11.
Jtlwell and Private J. D. Siddon.
Tbe folic uviirjj resolutions were reported by tha
committee and unanimously adopted ;
Whereas, a certain letter has bet-a addressed t
Mr. Wright, of G'irria, by oneTUeodwrie C. Lv.
on 'and one J. M. Witherppooq, and published la
the Atlanta ltyiter, prossly misrepresent! rur the
sentiments, of the 4Sth Mu&la&ippi regiment, there,
by doing us, the members of the 48tl, great inju.
tice, and the pause ct liberty great injury, both at
home and abroad. nd acting a an inoentive to
our cruel and tnidiQU8 foea to oonliuuo their
merciltss dialed tioaa upon our cherished home ;
be it .
lr Resolved, That we, aa a regiment, do en
tirely disapprove of tho resolutions- introduced
into the lato Confederate Congress by lion. A. Ii.
Wright, ofGeorgia; that we regard auy overture,
for peace originating in the Confederate States, hi
but so many concessions to the enemy thst our
strength is failing and that our spirits arqwaxiug
faint in the contest we arc now engaged in ; but
that we deliberately and of our own free will pre
fer to battle out this war until the enemy are
forced to give us what we ask not by any meanj
disposed to sue for peace, which can only be ob
tained upon the enemy's terms that is, absolute
submission to their rule in any and all aspoetv.
2d. That T. C. Lyon and i. M. Witnerspoon,
in writing the pbove mentioned ieiter, did k.i
without the knowledge or tho authority of the
privates and non-commisonsd officers composing
this regiment.
3d. That it is RCMt peelhirry and unblu.hinsrlr
imprudent in private TcodoridC. Lyon to attempt
to repreiOiit tho opinion of this regiment in any
manaef, having been connected with it but a vn y
short time, and who, ve are happy to state, is in
no. way connected with Us history. His past ex
perience in political letter writing causing him to
be cashiered and conscripted for publfbhing a let
ter alleged to contain matter disloyal to tbe Con
federacy, should Lave taught him that it is dan
gerous for children to play with edge tools.
4th. That we leave to the President and Con
gress of the Confederato States, in their rrrntirt
and legislative capacities, to whom it proper!
belongs, the question of peace, having prfeet
confidenco in their ability and patriotism to choose
the time and the means to secure it honorably.
5th. That a oopy -cf these resolutions be pent
Hon. A. H. Wright, of Georgia, and t the Rich
mood Sentinel, Knouircr, Atlanta lWjjistcr, Co
lumbus Republic, Senna Miis.3ippian &od Cha it
tan o'o era Rebel for publication.
Serg't Geo. II. Eiavkll, Co A, 1
" J. M. IIowaud,
II.
Private T. J.'AIilfoud,
C,
o 1),
"K,
a,
"ii,
" i,
1 . I'ARKl-H,
M. M'Caui y,
J. 1). StUDON.
tt
r Committee
Serg't E. N. U am met,
" C. K. Hutch eson,
" J.HorruKtt,
Private'J. L. Halheut,
T.
The follow resolution was
adopted :
(beifrcm
amuiouslv
mat ruvate r. n !....; . u"u"l,i
.....,.. - 'icn was unanimously Adontcd:
Revolved
h -
1'h.ai the 48th Mississinu Reimtit
.o transfer Private The adoric C. Lyon, acashUn-d
Ollicer of the Confederate af my, to some other
command, as his ductrines savor too much of trea
son and disloyalty to allow the regiment to associ
ate with him.
On motion, the meeting adjourned sine die.
J. B. W'KLLER, Chairmau.
J. M. Crump,
W. S. Hardy, -Secretaries.
A. J. Conklin. J
" For the Confederate.
-tho Medical Board, Conscript Camp
Ualelgh Jf. C.
In Oxford town there lives a man,
Whose days on earth are but a spaa ;
And every bone that's in his back,
Disease is using as a rack
On which to hang a thousand pains,
And make his state much worse than CainV.
This patient and afllicted man
Is doing all the good h: can :
He hires a hand and works a mule,
And plants his corn by 'Fathers rule:
He fills his store with fruits and toys,
To gratify tb girls and boys.
lie keeps for sires some pipes to smoke,
And always has a ready joke.
By constant care, his loving wife
Keeps him at home and saves his. life';
She cultivates his social grace,
And loves him for his haftdsone face.
But now the-Doctors at camp Holmes,
A camp that c ills men from their Loaics,
Say "he must go to war and fight
Far some long-!6st seceded right ;
That he a watchful eye must keep,
And on our Northern borders sleep ;
That he must ride through storm and rains
And grunt and groan to ease his pains.
Now to these Doctors we appeal, 1
We ask them, if they will not feci
A solemn and a sad remorse, .
When they shall see upon a horse,
A man who can not walk nor ride.
But needs must in his bouse abide.
O' let him have a few more days
To cheer his wife, and mend his ways.
We pray you now this man release,
A ad let him end his life in peace.
Maxt Citizens.
To
Tab Tax on thb IlnNDREn Dollaii
Notes. The followina conv ol a clram is
deemed of general interest to'th public:
ft -v
XBEASURT DEPARTMENT, U. S. A., )
Richmond, April 7, 18C4.
" The tax of ten oer cent, ner mouth on
Jieeolved, That a cert r,r - ,
ings of this meeting ' tBSPTif thePro
DiVis for his consiLilT a 1'"
the hundred dollar notes ommences ou tho
secood day uf May, 1864, and Is to be rated
upon the face value. Portions of the mnnth
are not to be charged. You will, therefore,
deduct ten dollars per month additional froin
eaoh hundred dollar note pre&ented on or af
ter the second day of May and of each suc
ceeding month. "C. G. Memmingeb,
Secretary of Treasury. "