f
THE CONFEDERATE.
A. 51. (i (Hi MAX X CO., Proprietors.
TERMS:
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months v $1J
, 1 3
THI-WEEKLY, for 6 months 10
3 ' - 5
WEEKLY EDITION, for 6 months 5
XosuosCTiptibns will be received on anj other
t-nius than the aboTe, nor for a longer or shorter
jerifd.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADVrUTISCMKNTS will betn.-cr-ted At thru;
poll kb per sqaarenf ten Usee (or less) fnr each
insertion. Marriage notice and "Mtnaries will be
charged as adrertiieiPt?.
m
JOB WORK
JOB WORK, tf evcrr description will be e
"cutri at thh OlIic wilh dup.itc! td an nratlf
s enn be done anywhere in the rontbcrn Con
cnerarv.
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1864.
NO. 22:
W EOS
mm
It is very refreshing. amid the din of arms
and the conflict of armies, to find a spot oc-
a:onally where quiet prevail, and a tranquil
mental occupation furnishes food for intellec
tual enj yinent. Such momenta may be found
in the clamber of the Supreme C urt now
in session ;and we availed ourselves on yester
day of the good news from Petersburg when
our anxieties were put at rest to indulge in
the agreeable opportunity of listening to a
law argument. The questions involved,
were
1st, The authority of the Court to issue a
vrrit of certiorari to bring up the proceedings
far revisal of an inferior judge.
2 1, Whether a writ of error lies in matters
on habeas corpus.
The isue in this case is the liability ot those
Principals of substitutes, whose cases, it will
be recollected, were settled by His Honor, the
Chief Justice, at Salisbury, io the case of "Wal
ton ; but with reference to which there was an
understanding between counsel, which led to
the recognizing of the arre.-tcd persons to
await the actiou of the Supreme Gurt.
Messrs. Bragg, Winston and Strong (the
District Attorney) represent the Government,
end Messrs. Moore and Boyden tbe parties, in
custody. With such an array of legl talent,
it is well supposed that the subject will be
thoroughly elucidated.
Mr. Strong opened the argument on Monday
morning. Detained by the necessity of editori
al duty, we ere cot able to hear his argu
ment through. Wc have heard it spoken of ia
such terms as we expected. Mr. Strong on a
piw point always makes an able argument.
We were present to hear Mr. Boyden. Ia
the character of a lawyer, Mr. Boyden appear
to advaute. No :ght f birds enlists his
fancy. No desire pf imitation disturbs his
natural pose and attitude, and no passion or
prejudice which mars his efforts as a politician,
sivnys hia judgment and lessens his influence.
As a lawyer engaged before a high Court, he is
a calm, agreeable, but forcible and logical
rcassner, a student thoroughly versed in his
eae, who pets his points with courteous but
telling effect. It were insincere to withhold
from Mr. Boyden the attributes of a powerful
alroeate, and the qualities of a strong reasoner
Lefvre a cenrt in Bane.
Ia this connection, we may state, Mr. Boy
den will certainly vote for Got. Vance. His
influence, with that f G. Graham, and all
the other leaden of the Conservative party,
will be used against the self inaugurated pre
tentions of Mr. Hclden. (the only thing about
l.iru that will ever be inaugurated, by the by.)
It is as impossible for Mr. Boyden to support
Mr. IloMeu. as for water to flow up hill or
whiskey in the hand of an accustomed drinker,
to keep from going down his throat.
Mr. Mocre continued the argument on Tues
day ; and was followed by Mr. Winston, in an
elaborate discussion of the whole question. He
wb would derive pleasure from hearing Mr.
V inston, must nt set his heck, for the fish bite
r.ipiuly and are of large size, and any lack of
diligence will eventuate in the loss of the fish,
with perhaps the hook and pole also ; while he
who follows this eminent practitioner with a
close observation, will be repaid in the acquisi
tion of valuable legal information, drawn from,
fountain-head, and cnveyed in choice and
precise language, which the English lawyer
studies to employ, and his American brethren
di not sufficently attend to. The discussion
was briefly continued by Messrs. Bragg, Moore
and Boyden. Altogether, it was an agreeable
interlude amid the dark scenes now enacting,
the attendance upon this discussion before the
Supreme court.
The case holds much learning; the two sides
having teen heretofore contested with great
armwth ; in one ease where Chief Justice Kent
an parsed elaborate opiniou, fetching to his aid
the English precedents, and much of his own
-solid learning; while Spencer, Judge, argued the'
contrary with the aeumcn of his profound
legal mind.
Again, in the Supreme Court of the United
States, Ju !ge Taney elucidated the whole ques
tion, and was met by the opinion of Baldwin, in
an elaborate, and as Mr. Boyden said, full and
able argument, closed up with a recorded pro
ten against the decision of the majority. All
this was upon the bioad question of the juris
diction cf the Court of Errors to revise in cases
i f habeas ccrpus. However learned the argu
ments, the precedent has been established cn
this point, and we incline to the opinion, that
it will be followed.
On the other point, the counsel for the
principals encounter a decision of our Supreme
Court on the act of Assembly, as to habeas cor
pus, by which it has been held that original
jurisdiction has been lodged with that tribunal,
cr rather that the Supreme court is a court of
common law jurisdiction. . If this be adhered to,
the writ of certiorari asked for, will be allowed.
On the whole, however, sympathizing with
the pets of Mr. Holden and Got. Vance the
principals of substitutes we rather think they
may have to g. There are to them, however,,
two ssurces of consolation: one that they
have missed the forty-odd days of consecutive
fighting, and that they will gofresh, when they
can relieve the draught upon the weary and
exhausted who nave borne the heat and burden
of the day. And for their further consolation,
we tell them, that the nation agrees with every
a an for a penny i day ; and it can lawfully do
what it pleases with its 'own and if they toil
well from the hour when they enter on the
work, every one will receive each man his
rency.
The Georgia papers are inclined to com
pliment those uf Raleigh, that they are in an
interesting situation, with our columns filled
from day te-day with the claims of Got. Vance
and the demerits of Mr. Holden. Unfortunately
for the respectable appearance of North Caro
lina, a pretentious politician has "put himself
up," in opposition to the almost universal wish,
of this State, for Governor, to ran against the
present incumbent ; and this person having a
newspaper of his own, and being wholly un
conscious of the Tndelicay and want of taste,
of "haranguing for votes" for himself, in his
own eolumns, from week to week fills the State
with all the unscrupulous tirades of self-adulation,
and abuse of his competitor, which a long
practice as a journey man and foreman in this
trade, has 'made him master of. However,
therefore, we disrelish the task, it is imposed
on us to controvert these weak but by no
means therefore, harmless pretensions, and
warn the people agaist the arts and character
of their owner.
This is the more devolved upon us, by the ex
ample of Georgia, who not long since, in the
Tery height ef our miefortunes.-inflicted upon
the nation the first spectacle since the war, of
an angry and vindictive political contest when
the columns of her papers scarce varied the
song of praise of their favorites, and the howl
of discontent at their adversaries, by even an
allusion to "the situation'
If ice are obliged to be saddled with Mr.
Holden more than we could wish, and much
more than the public find agreeable, we try to
find time to chronicle our conflicts and victories,
and to publish, for the benefit' of interested
friends, the casualties and escapes.
Georgia has done more than set the evil
example to which we have alluded: she gave
in a must extraordinary way, to say the least
of it, an impetus to illegitimate movements
against the Government, which have had for
effect the embarrassment of our progress and
the threatening of our success and however
much hereafter it may be the desire of Gov
ernor Brown and Mr. Vice President Stephens
to efface from the recollection of living men
tbeir'association with Mr. Holden, they will
never be able to do so ; for to them is due,
undeniably, the meagre show of strength
which at one time he exhibited. To tbeir
skirts he pinned himself, and neither of them
will be able to extract the "peg fastening,1'
without "tearing away" a portion of their
garments.
It hardly comes with grace, then, from
these "eyes" that see not their own "beam
to undertake the pulling out of motes in other
eyes. It is comfortable, however, to "be "able
to reflect, (oer Georgia cotemporaries to the
contrary notwithstanding) that wejwho are
struggling to maintain and uphold the fair
famo and good repute of North Carolina, by
averting from her the ineffable disgrace which
Mr. Holden's success, with his ascertained dis
"fcyalty, would entail on her, are aiding and
comforting our soldiers who with greater dili
gence and more peril are illustrating the
patriotism of the State upon the Kejinesaw
mountain, and upon the plains around Peters
burg. We glean occasionally from the Georgia
press, how with indomitable courage Coleman
fights, and how brilliantly and successfully a
North Carolina regiment holds hack and
repulses' an enemy's column; and the Rich
mond papers bring us tidings Irom Peters
burg, that when 'oar works were carried and
for a moment the fate of Petersburg was ap
parently sealed, in the very moment, a -pow-fcl
reinforcement arrived and was for mod ia
proper position a terrible blazs of musketry
followed, and than the cheers of a most foftu
nato and successful charge, which crushed
the enemy on the instant, and regained the
centre line of works."
These acknowledgements are "interesting,"
and the more interesting from Georgia, be
cause less obscure than those from Richmond
In these last, we recognize bo identification of
tchose line of musketry it was, which "timely
blaxed;" of whose "cheers" rent the air, and
tchose "charge regained the lines," and unsealed
the fate of Petersburg, and left it still open to
the protection of valor and devotion. But we.
knotc, without the telling, that this master con
troller of the destiny of Petersburg, "in the
very moment," was Major Gen. R. F. Hoke
known abeut Richmond as "the little Twink"
ler of Plymouth ;" and mere favorably known
here as "the military despot."
And we know and feel, that every blow which
we strike here against Mr. Holden's pretensions
to be Governor of North Carolinia, is a blow for
the honor of Hoke and his followers, and for
all the noble soldiers of the State who are brav
ing the exigencies of the war. But for this if
this contest in North Carolina were a more po- I
lineal struggle between two wings of a party
which styles itself, modestly, with all the
timidity of a first departure from truth Con
servative'1 which has got into a squabble we
should not ink our hands with the "concern."
Bnt the disloyal purpose behind, imposes an
obligation on patriotism whicj we fufill.
We call attention to "Special Order No 28,"
from Lieut. Gen. Holmes, callirfg for the
Reserved Force in this city to meet for organ
izing of Companies.
The law of Cbngre-8 which specifies the
liabilities of "Exempts," "Detailed men,"
&c, for special service, will be found in full in
this morning's paper.
"Come from Bad Stick."
Many persons believe there ia as ranch in
the blood of men as in horses' or other noble
stock that you cannot make a great and
good man of one -who has sprung- from "lojr,
depraved parents, any more than a high,
mettled charger can be ptoduced out of a
mongrel connestoga. - We have often thought
of this sentiment in connection with Andrew
Johnson the notorious renegade now placed
on the ticket - with Abe Lincoln, as a candi
date for Vice President of the once United
States.
Andrew Johnson was born and reared in
this city cr ra br its obscure suburbs and
some of our inhabit ints remember him as a
low-down blackguard, without character', save
for viciousness and depravity. His antece
dents, were also of the vilest and most degra
ded caste. So much by way of illustrating
our point.
While wo recognia to the fullest extent!
the true republican doctrine which places each
and every man on bis own merits, we cannot
and should not overiook the fundamental laws
of humanity impressed by the Creator, under
which men resemb e their ancestry more or
less closely ; and in examining the claims of
any man to confidence and station, we can
not safely overlook pedigree, unless where per
formance has been so varied, and decided and
characteristic, as to leave no room for inqui
ry. We have seen many instances of what
is called men rising by tbeir own talents, or
virtues, or merits, to places supposed to be
far above tbeir plane of birth; but it will
generally be found in these cases, that the
men had really the benefits of pedigree, al
though obscured and dimmed ; and they cer
tainly had good mothers, and otherwise in
herited good blood.
For a mschanic of any kind to attain fairly
and honorably to a position ordinarily assign
ed tii professionally- trained aspirants, is proof
ot his merits, and of the sound policy of the
system which looks to merits; but we have
been often deceived or beguiled by plausible
appeals, and by false suppositions, that it was
something ennobling to place a man apparent
ly above a mechanical position j It has been
boasted, for instance, in behalf of this renegade'
and political vagabond, Andrew Johnson, that
he was a tailor. He never was reputable or
trustworthy as a tailor, or in any other craft
he always, disgraced the trade. He was a
vagabond and 'hief when a boy and in man
hood has been a swaggering, profaen swearer,
and publicly aud privately a lying adventur
er, mighty in premises which he never per
Cbrmed. Truly in his care it may be said
" Worth makes; the maw Want of it the fel
low." "We now tell President Davis, that our
people are indifferent to his threats and his
blandishments."
Sach is the language addressee! ia the last
Standard by Mr. Holden to President Davis
Mr. Holden assuming to champion the people
of North Carolina in this declaration. We note
the above to state that indifferent as Mr. Hol
den is to the blqndishments of President Davis,
and as are his friends, it is scarce two weeks
since the Rev. Mi Bragg, a preacher of this
place, and a strong friend of Mr. Hplden, was
an applicant for one of the President's "blan
dishments," in the shape of the Chaplaincy to
one of the Hos pitals in this place. And this
application teas in the hand writing of Mr. Holden,
though not signed with his 'recommendation.
GreaLGod, can this be so." ''It is even so,"
that Mr. Holden would have his friend 'seek
office under Mr. Davis, and that ho, Mr. Hol
den, would write, but wouldn't sign his applica
tion. The object was to instal fte Rev. Mr. Bragg
among the soldiers. We say no more of this
at present, except to call attention to the "in
difference to blandishments!" "
Ere long this application of Mr. Bragg, and
Mr. Holden's connection with it, may assume
more importance.
Don't listen to Madam Rumor. Her stories
are seldom if ever founded on fact. She is par
ticularly loquacious when the telegraph lines
are down, as they were last Sunday, and when
the mail tails, as it did this morning. Exchange.
And we would especially warn the people
from the country not to believe the stories they
hear when they come to town, of disasters to
our arms which are put in circulation by the
Holdenites of this community. We had no
papers from Richmond or Petersburg on Satur
day last, and but little information of operations
by telegraph which furnished opportunity or
concocting the . grossest falsehoods. Several
countrymen told us that they had been told "at
the Court house," that Petersburg had certainly
been captured by tbeyankees. And on various
occasions we have heard of similar discourag
ing falsehoods being putjout for circulation in
the country. We warn the people not to be
lieve any discouraging report they hear, com
ing from any cf Mr. Holden's friends. Our
armies are successful every where, and Peters
burg and Richmond are ours, and will be to
the end of the war.
Important Sai.k. We invite attention to
the list of property advertised for sale on next
Tuesday, by Messrs Morehead & Sterling.
A rare chariee is here offered those wishing to
buy furniture, musical instruments, philoso
phical apparatus, &c.
Caoght In a Trap.
It will be remembered by our readers, for
most of them have a bitter and costly experi
ence of the fact, that immediately upon the
passage of the currency Bill in February last,
the dealers in commodities, of every descrip
tion, thoughout the 'country, almost without J
exception, immediately advanced their prices
thirty-three and one-third per cent, for the
purpose, as they said, of protecting them
selves against loss in the depreciation of the
government issues, which by the law was to
take place on the 1st of April. Eery sensi -ble
man, of course, underwood that this was
a mere pretext of the dealers to "swe 1 their
profits, without regard to the condition of. the
country or the, necessities of the people.
Their grasping avarice and unworthy greed
for gain resulted in the loss of millions of
dollars to people who were but poorly able, to
bear it, by the prtmalure depreciation of the
currency
It is a notorious fact, ton, that the men who
j thns ran up their prices one third, aud often
more, to cover the prospective reduction in
the value of the currency, refused, we believe
without exception, to make any concessions in
prices in sales for the new currency when it
made its appearance. The hypocrisy of their
professions, and the iniquity of their practices
was thus fully exposed. They were convict
ed of speculating upon Ihe wanisaud necessi
ties of .their neighbors bj their own conflict-,
ing declarations.
But when they adopted and practiced this
unpatriotic and nefarious policy, they little
thought that the strong and searching arm
of the law would be thrust into their pockets
and compel them to disgorge their ill gotten
gains acquired in spite of the clamors and
protests' ot their consciences, if they had any,
and certainly in the face of universal public
contemyt and reprobation, ney however
deceived themselves, and will now be com
pelled to hand over these extra profits to the
public treasury..
Truly are tbey caught in a trap; and iu
their sorrow and afflictions they reed not look
f,,r sympathy fronrthe public whom they have
plundered, for they will not get it. The coun
try will rejoice with exceeding great jy that
judgment as righteous as it is inexorable has
overtaken them in their sins.
The cannot escape the payment of the
tax without bringing perjury trpon their guil
ty souls, and that will consign them to a des
tiny which, will put tbera out uf the path of
all honest people throughout the rolling peri
ods of an endless eternity.
The amendment to the act of February
JI7th imposes the additional tax of thirty per
cent, upon articles enumerated in 'the two first
paragraphs of sections four of the present
law. The following are the paragraphs re
ferred to: . ' '
I. On all profits made by buying and sell
ing spirituous liquors. -flour, wheat, corn, rice,
sugar, molasses or syrup, s iit, bwm. p-rk,
hogs, beef or beef cattle, sheep, oats, Lay,
fodder, raw hides, leather, horses mules,
bo ts, shoes, cotton yarns, wool, woolen ..chi
ton or mixed cloths, hats, wago-.s. harness,
coal," iron, steel or nail?, at any time between
the 1st of January, 1803, ten pr cent: in
addition to the tax on such profits as "income
nrrder the 'act to lay taxes for the comm. u
defence, and carry ou the Government of the
Confederate States." approved April 24th,
1864.
II. On all profits made by buying or sell
ing money, pM, silver, foreign exchange,
stocks, notes, debts, or obligations of uny kind,
and ajiy merchandise, property or eflVc's f
any kind, not enumerated iu ti:e preceding
paragraph, betwet-n the timps named therein,
ten per cnt , in addition to the tax on such
profits as incime, under the act aforesaid.
Change or Schedule. A change of sched
ule takes place on the N. C.' RaHroad to-day,
by which the mail will anive here from the
East at 1:10 A. M., aad leave forthe West at
1:40 A. M., and arrive from Charl'je at
10:00 A. al. The accommodation train will
arrive from Go'dsboro' at 2:30 P.' M., and
leave for Charlotte at 2:55 P. M , aml from
Charlotte at 10:00 P. M., and leavefor Go'ds
boro at 10:30 P. M.
No change has been announced on the R. &
G. Railroad.
Hon. Andrew Ewing, formerly of Nash
ville, Tenn., diedat Atlanta on Friday last.
He held the rank of Colonel in the Confede
rate service at the time of his death He
formerly represented the Nashville District in
Congress, and was well known in Tennessee,'
and throughout the country, as a lawyeol
eminence and an orator and statesman of x
tended reputation.
Supreme 0ubt. Opinio' s hare been de
livered in this Tribunal as follows :
By Pearson, C. J. In State v. Norton,
from Richmond; judgment reversed '"and
venire de novo. In State r. Lewis, from
Rockingham ; judgment reversed, and venirei
do novo. In Watson v. Biedse ; judgment af-.
firmed.
Br Battls, J In Blake v. Pase, from
Wake ; order reversed. Iu State ti. Morgan,
fn m Brunswick ; no error. In BurtiWn , r.
Lockhart, from Nrth.imptoi. ;otder reversed
and cause remanded
By Manly, J. In State v. McDtniel,
from Montgomery ; no etror. Ir Slate v.
Johnson, from New Hamper ; no ern.r. In
State v, Harwood, from Johnston ; no erpor.
Tbe Chicago Tims' and Old Abe.
A correspondent of the Chicago Timet, at
Washington, n.ys, "Mr. Lincoln has done
much in three years to develope his real char
acter. By tbe ftwi of another year the do tl
opement will be perfect. For a perm iu such
a station to be smutty joker, is bad enough.
To be a hypocrite in the sphere that he. occu
pies, is iill worse. He will sit down on the
4th of April and write a letter to a gentle
man in Kentucky, in which with shocking
w-juciuy, iic annouies io soa tne cr:tns i
for which he and his abetters are responsible, j
and dares, to attribute to the Almi-l.tv ti e
reafc wrong that he has done to the Ma-fc
race in forcibly depriving them ot their com
fortable homes and kind masters! nod then,
risiug fiom the .tak with one of his hideous
.myjok, he set, to work -HI, Sut. .
plan hu.....pa.lltt-.u,N.,r.h Croli.w. - As
tic has penned it so it has resulted
'1'!.
successful defense of Ply month would have
j no
enabled Burnsidc's corps to have landed there.
The march of the united columns of Burn-
fcide, Peck, YVessels, -ind B.tldy Smith towards j
Richmoud would have enabled Gr ntto move j
tiieAnny of the Potomac also towards tho j
rebel capital, and, between the two great ar- !
mies, Richmond 'might have faHen. !
So it would seem, the tikiug of Plymouth 1
by Gen. Hoke, was no small affair, after all. j
Inleed, it would seem that it baffled .the i
grand schema and proreramme of Liucolu j
preveutcd Burtiside's lauding they with his
thousands of negro troops sived Richiinnd
from the movement upon it from this point
and saved North Carolina f rom uriiniaunb-e
horrors. Let us hear no mote from tho "Me
tropolitan" press, of the insignificant dfuir ol
Plymouth.'
The ridiculous game of brag and misrep
resentation that Mr. Holden, his. organ, and
friends have resorti d to, affords the clearest
evidence that they consider Js chance ol
election a desperate one, and that his cause
can only be temporarily bolstered up by de
ceiving the people with an imprtssion of his
streng:h. When they so far depart fiom
truth as to claim that "Wake, Johnston, Gran
ville, Chatham, Harnett, Cumberland, and
other neighboring counties, will all go for Mr.
Holden by large majorities'and that thise
who support Gov. Vance here, have aliin
dotied ail hope of his-election cv n the
Holden tneu themselves must feel arid kt ow
that such assertions are but the reckless brass
of desperate gamesters, who have pl y d
the r last card, ar:d have to n-sort to docep'ii.n
and fraud. They thrm selves know ii bo
untrue. Oa the contrary, there is not a
county n;iine.l in the above A that wc believe
will give a majority lor Mr. IIoMen ; and
there is not a Vance man aey where "lo !'(
not feel perfectly confident of hi election.
And the fit Thursday in Atiut will hnw
that this confidence is rot mispUccd.
The annual Council of the chuich in N.tth
Carolina, adjourned frjm Wiliarnsboro to Ualeig'i
to meat on the 22d instant, assemble 1 ia this
city at 1 1 o'clock yesterd-ty morning. Ou hcin-
called to order by the Bishop, ab jut thirty of .
, the"clerfr,v men answered to t'l-eir names and a
number of Lay delegates. Ou it h'-ing ascer
tained that a quorum of both orders were pves
ent, a recess was tken for' Divine service.
Morning Prayer was nffeifd by the RtVd
Messrs. Huskc and Hunter, and th- Ante-Communion
service was suid by the Bishop. Tho
council sermon was preached by . the Rnv. J.
B. Che.hire D, D.
The Communion Service was performed by
ths Bishop, assisted by tho Rv. Dr. M-i.s- n,
in which a large nu. Fiber participated, in ad
dition tothe clergy and lai de!eg;tc pt'iit ;
after which the regular business of the Conn
cii wag resumed.
For the Confederate.
LIST OF CASUALTIES
In the 27th N. C. Troops, G-okV brigade,
Heth's rii vision, armv Northern Virginia.
Lieut. Col. G. F. Whitfield comma.-. ding,
since June 1st, 18b4.
Field ad Staff Killed, none. Wounded,
L'eut 0)1 G.F Whitfield severely in hrad.
Co A Killed, private Wm Faircloth.
Wounded, corpl Dees severely in let.', corpl
Piner in heatl mortally, privates S M Gricc
dangerously in thigh, W E Davis in hea l.
Co B Killed, lieut CCur.pbeil and private
Wm Hunt. Wounded, 1st sergt Wm Pai-h-y
iu breast, "privates BumMde head, II Gobies
thigh, R F Hampton in thigh and arm, D
Coletrain in heel.
Co C Killed, sergt- Bell. Wounded, II
Holmes in head mortally, sergt S Wooten in
finger, c;rpl Outlaw in arm severe, J Braxt-n
in arm severe,' P Radford in arm severe, Jor
dan P ttcr in arm severe.
l E Killed, private- B Buck and C Lith
inghousc. Wounded, Jaiiies'Brewer in head
severe.
Co F Killed. Geo Small. Wounded, N
jflatley arm broken.
(VK Killed. A Norwood. Wounded, W
P Gark in -arm severe, N H Nunn in nft-k
serf re, Q G Strayhoru in shoulder severe, Js
Hughes in abdomen severe, N Hedipetli in
ahd.hen, severe, Thos Simms iu side danger
ous y.
Co H Killed, J Matthews. Wounded, sergt
P Moore in shoulder severe, hergtf Fleming
thigh broken, private W L Cherry in leg
Co I Wounded, licut K R Jone? in thigh
severe, private Geo W W rd arm.
Co K Wounded, eorol ft bnund.-to'i in 'o r.
j c - . . r
. -W n I ' I . . 1 VIP 1
pnvaiej ia :or leg ampnia i, w uiney in
breast severe, G Mien it. l?g. copr Newton
in head, James Comb s in arm, Johu Smith in
arm, J V Smitlin hip severe. t
Recapitulation Kiil d, officer 1; policed j
men 8; wounded, effi r 2; enlited men SG.
W. A. KXIGU1', Adgjt 27th N G T.
kit: Pulcigh Confederate savs, tlmt it was
arran-rd that Geri. Polk's remains w-ro to
pass thrnugh Atlanta on the 15th ar.d rv c.ir
ri'd tt Augusta and from jlierce to iiilfih'
f r i:.tcrnirnt, .md that a committee of prom
inent citiRCn of llrfli i'li wnt krru ..o t
j ti.e body at Dnlrigh. b.Stot; Journal.
uur rotempunsry is mistaken. The arttccl
in -question was ropie I fr..M w Atlanta .
Mtrgmecr and credit il to t!.a; paper at th
beginning f ;la pi.-ce!
Gen. Polk It. the t.oclietaof G"n. Polk
were fj'nd, in that of fhc left hi!-, hi.- bcx-k
ol (;.m;noi Pray r for 'the uf the
Pr ; est ant Kpi-cp a Chttrrh, a-..l In the
r'uhi pcke, four r.q.ie of the Hev. IV.
f ii n i r. 1 j I?,.!.. ... .1. ...:: i t.i. e . i
! . Zv",ZxCJZ' V' , ' ".I
V r.r , A ,.r , ... 1 "... V
eating f,,r vrU m they were Intrude-', wm in
scritvd i:o r-imos f Gen. Jos. V.. Johnston,
L-euU-nant Gen. Hardee and Li, t:t. Gen.
Hood, with the c mp'imei t ,.f L:nif. (ion.
L.ou.:as Polk, Jane ll'th. Ig'tf. Within tho
w urth vo'iin-cwits iicriU-.i Jm", w . um.
All were saturated' with the hi ! which
Uwed from tho worn d.
PRISONERS OF Waj; UTH nd Softn.
It is a question now, not easily d.iiv'ul,
v.hichof the sections at war hoidt reat
ft number f prisoners. Grant h s gireii
ih not a IV w in the Ki, w' and
.Stttlo in the Trar.s-Mi.-sNsipj.i h.ive adhd
uuny th uands. The l.itiM iej ns fn in tl c
prison posts pive tluv f. llow n.4 exhibit of
.j ri. -oners actually held in the C"i,eeric , vi.:
it Anderwnsvtl e, Geori t Ji.0U; t Ma
eon, 100 ifiier; Li.el bnr l..0ti; at D;n
viib, 1,000; at Iin l in. t.il. l m:0; t.i other
pni.-ita o.t of the Mi.:s.-ipni, 1.000; in ti.e
';'r.uis-MiJissippi, 80. 'i ins jivs al.oiit
SS.000 prisi; era of war. Pile .'in-my d.i not
-.uiualiy hold oer 2.KM) .,f etir n-IJuts,
though' when tlioc .p.titjed ..nd win s,mih-
v.mio rinirt to t tMunN-l it will
ippv'xrn'.uo
n.C 'r .u ui.".i. i;r r;io war i ij .i r ha a'jr. s
on ihe Gu.fi'der.ite sid", and tho Mih of nm i
l.ers hzs turned in ot:r favor. tWvnoo" -urn
i ncr.
Captain Fpank X. Knm.r.T Kh.lt.o A
frtviite.. uisjatch iceivpti K r u'eniny
lo'.iht the melancholy news that our tj-vi.t.
l.nin C j't. ltiibtrti h.id been irM M.tly l.i!iw-l iu
tattle on Fturdey n 1 1 rrn :i. ll l.-a a
fimily and nmny warm IrieinU. lie had bem
in.tlie urtny .ince the 1 p it. t. i i 1 the -:ir,
huvirp been an cflieet'o! h b-,f.M fe t'.ajip ny
iu the B.-thel Ueuiiiieut. Attt r tl:e ex; ifi'i'.n
i f the lerni of !-rivice ol tl.nt ll'g't be rui-ed a
'ji.:r?my in the CGth. The entire ci.tniM.ity
dej-lres tf.e loss .f a kiid her.rttd uiA enter
prising citizen. Fey. ()bnvrr.
V- have board with deep borrow r.f the dath
r f IJ.I ru- Purely, son of Kev Ja. Purely of
"Viil'e r.r'sl Colli C. II. bud been turn cr n-s'mJ-
inb! tieie in hpit'd lore t tii e-v,
".-.ui In ! rejntne I Lis liitr.vy t'uMir.inv-. lot
:i Siui t I ' r;e. He rui ' ,',) 1 i! t';; f ul d . v. u
t!.e hatiStf sirouud lMcrsbyr;. Wc ijf.ve in-:.rd
tioJurtht-r particulars. !! win -t tn'.st ejicel.
lent .vnutigt:nan. m.d tnn-t di e ly d-j e -y" "i
thhe witli hi.-s nlllicteJ family iu ti.. tore bc
rtaveincnt.
Fit m Lkxixoto.n Atkocp t Vamai.i;m.
At lb; -nti'j ;.Uhes fr.:; L.-Xmrioj- .sr.ifo tht
'.My bui lin conneeteu witli I ! f Vireitiia
Mi!;tui sYstiMte was oiir.iei, txcept tho
b-use ueenpied by the l.tmily ol Gc-ieial
Sinith, the SMp"rntend. nr. 'I t. is am a im f
on fu-count of the illi ers h a d -.u.-hn r of
Gen Stu th.
1 xii.i:toti C 'til Mris a colTpe wliii'h ua
e d'.w d by Gen. a-!r n;;t n, and lnrs bm
n.uire. Pr..n:inent in tfje Can.ptis i. a fit.o
f it ti o Ihe nob e p it-on, cree'e ! a- a tn nio
rial of his nniMifi . em e, acd ol tb r.uit'nle of
tin! frh-i'ds of the r!V'.' Tt itatne id
Wiuli'jifton. thus er.Tii'.l and tlii:s c ej-eera-ted,
the Y:nk. s have ,sicrilei ulv sr.th ji aud
hiiuled ;-w.is ! They- I h-1 it np in their)
w -if n. an I vjn if wf t Beverly. General
limit, r h is made his mine iur.norta! !
Nor is thrs all. Luxir.:;?r: i the iiotne of
K ( .v L 'tcher. Ther, i:i a h ...i-e n.odt
in pt 'is''0', but cornnuCSious :it:d c.inf t
t'! It1, he !elt with his fimily. It i n v i;
a.ihfs ; wTlh ;dl its IT t, it h:- t ci di
stioyed, by Hunter am! In- v in.ini.s
IHcfim'jml Scniintl.
-
I'.-CAPi; or Pi-.oNKin. A fewd iys fcinro
s .rr.e twenty odd prio'ieis, aiifiig them h -nG
f'.eprra'e ci araetT! werest-u ie 1 from here in
ch.trire of Lu'Ut. Cu'bertson, ro dn so. !I eua'rd
e.mpM'd of h.ys from 17 to lti y-;ir of ne,
members f th Reserve C p-. When about
two mile.i h"Totrl ti.e t.p ,f the 15,'t.c llid'c,
tbe priftoners iuh!only, and- in Hcc fJanoe
with a pre-eoncertul arrarie -mer t, tor..d
up.n the guirl. A desrr t" :j o'd- i-band
fi,4ht tnsucl. The guild b i:: i.!!ultaoeoiii
ly seized each one by a pri.vmrr, could not
use. their gitj.s, except' bv clubt.iii'j thr;:n.
One of tho guard, naui'-d Bleds-e, was kill .
ai d one priotier, naom not rcrolb.rt".!. L:eu.
Culbrtson was Kevtrly w. uiied in the he id.
He is now in the Hospital at this pi are.
Sf-wral others, guards and prisoners., were ia
j'ired mors or leiw severely. Tlie pris ners
niccetfled in getting away, u.d in (arryiijjt ff
with them Most of th !jn of he tu ir.d.
Five of the pri-oner3 refined to htvi anything
totlo with the affair, and vo uut.uily returned
with the L'i u.euaut. F.r the'r l d behavi-.r
they certi!. deserve some f iv.r. IJ.e ;;uard,
tho' only boys, are said to have lou'.t like
timers, and o Jy yieidel when ovijow.t (j by
numbers aud brute fnv. AhrUl X' ics.
NoMISATKD. At a nie tne of the voters
of the 50th or Western District of N rth ('ir-
lin i belonging t ) the 25th Rgiin'M.t. N.
Troops, held :i th Chi,k.ibouni1y on the fit U
instant, Li ut. Col. S. C. Pry.m 4 ujju'.i
moiisly noroinated to refire.-ent the 1). strict iu
the n' xt General Ass. mbly.
O t; o the n?sdut!ons atptt-v! is a- foil, ws
and tii'ets our heurty coicurrenee Imni cur
k'....w!ede of the mat. : ,
Jl-Ucflt Th: it. l.uut. C I Stn neJC Biy
sv.ij, ot t; 2-Vb N. (y U' iJ'i; t v.. .tin ! Mieh
a tnirt; n d that tvec.inio'f withh.'d ;ux
pr -s ioti of oiir e;.tire repe. t ani r.'iid -or
. k wii. tft gdlantry and loutage hi- s. .g
rally been disputed tin ho many battle tbl'U,
and wiuf-e her- ism has often been wauetd
iu ' limes thai, tried men's souls.'