THE CONFEDERATE.
WEBXKSDAT, May 1,
Northern Xcs-
Tlie intelligence from th? north discloses to
our view the same resllcsi, perturbed, excited
and anxious spirit which forebode deadly strife
aud revolution. Tle total of Lincoln's drafts
for men. font up 2,20 000; of which !
. .. i K.on for ioca
hundred t&ouiHn'i nave , . .. .
.. rtr-t'.if last February. The? call Lav
(Ut h.-en ftll answered. I' the State of Mas
ch;i:tt Jil"rv th boist'ul, arrogant, aboli
tion t.er rgiental MiacVusotts, whoee
r.irty. filthy tkivts are sinewed with more of
tf,e Wvh of this revolution thin all Yankee
d..in I .elides there is a deficiency on Lincoln's
call of r.vr twenty thousand men, despite her
ir.ifiiicing emissaries, who .have permeated
throughout the uorth-w::t and even down to
Newbern, to beg t-ol li-ra of any color to repre-
i-ent in 'dang-rous ple that Maachnsotts
patriotism that Sumner and Wilson had so
faithfully lepresent.-d for so long a t;ie jn
; x-its not dangerous. The north-west feels
thi mean but !y no mean6 unexpected short--.jrnin
of Mas.sachus'-tts, and announces its
,c or.tvmpt and disatidVctiou in no measured
terms reprobation.
G-Ad, through tLe sharp manipulation of the
" attorney Chase, " reposes at a stand for the
-moment, until the "present palliative" wears
.-tr, th-jn ,-siaiu to mount aloft and necessitate a
new expeJient ; all tending the same road to
end in the cue fired, inevitable Tuin, shame
ami bankruptcy, that now for Yankeedoin only
" hides its time." This last expedient was the
dhipnieut of gold to the amount of four millions,
-with drafts thereon to reach Europe by the enme
ateamer. These drafts glutted the market for
a day, and put a cold cuill u tin "little mer
curial fellow." Cut this new blood-letting
thecksAjut does not remedy the disease, and ere
lon;z the fever revives and up goes the ptse
iu ie'.iriuui heat.
I'.ut who bought the exchange? Go into the
snug parlor of thc " confidential friend" Srjjo
Tvtuiu themi-elves, aud to.ist, and jke, and
.curres'pund with Montgomery " and sign them-i-i-lves
44 Laura" the same who sometimes
i'Dietiee their forgeries ;n a broader field, quite
up to the foreign Karl in the House of Lprds.
While the Yankee nation tremble nd quake,
preparatory to gro.iuing and sweating, the
coterie Seward, Stanton, the King of Jesters,
,-irI the unnamed but called Montgomery
chuckle aud pocket 44 whole lot3 of profits"
aaint that dread day when they must take
their departure, aud leave in the lurch their
ftllowi in folly and iniquity.-
P.tit worse fur the Yankee patience, is the
reused price of thvir living They barve
;vt learned to hear aud endure as have our
t r i v .
V
pie. o i.ign, ennoniing rou ves, inspire
courage and determination wit!) them. A
tad c.iu.-o, ft Worse conduct, vile instruments,
ur-siiocf'Sftui ein.rt, proo home ana reaca j
the quick, r-d the great nerves in the Yan
kee composition that run through tho pocket
aud the stomach, are sensitive as pride and
honor are in other people ; and thej' ache and
retch looking from no moral penitence for
hope an pardon, but idill stumbling . on
through vice and wickedness to the deep
abys, profo .nd, unfathomable, whence no
mortal arm can grasp them. God bless them,
let them go, say we and alons: with them all
who think a thought, feel an impuls-, harbor
a sensation or conceal au emotiou akiu to
them r theirs.
The-only green ipot we feel bound to re
cord it, (groen it is.) amid ail thia blackness
and darkness, s on to be desolation, is Mrs.
Lincoln's receptions, where, exquisitely attired,
in the crimson room, herself in scarlet robes,
this Queen of the King receives the admira
tion of all who cbot6e to offer it. In that
assemblage, a painter might suit himself
with any color, especially with that most
grateful to the 4 wives, mothers and sisters
of New York, and Gen. John A. Dix, the
Pater familias.
Sad as are the remembrances of the fire
aud fitorm through which ice have passed to
escape that pestilential atmosphere sorrow
ful and mournful as have beeu the sacrifices
to ciFect that escape nevertheless, in the
:ia!, complete eternal scpiratioo, there is a
balm for every wound, a solace for all woes,
comfort for every sacrifice. We pray .God
for its speedy accomplishment. We trust to
the heroim, and valor, and indomitable spirit
of cur hero soldiers for the instruments to
work it out, and to the discretion, judgment
and wisdom of our rulers to direct and finish
it.
The Georgia and Tessessee Lines.
"Ye have again rumors of an impending bat
t'e on the Georgia and Tennessee lines. The
i jdniou iu that part of the Confederacy ap
T'dars to be that the enemy is to make the
:rand effort of tae ensuing campaign in that
quarter; but while there is muclr stronger
evidence that that effort is & be made in tne
i .i .. .
uirecuou oi XLicnmooa. it must ne rpcoi ertcri
that this theory by no meaos excludes the
jrobability that an important issue is also to
te tried in'North Georgia.
The enemy has.an army there which ia for
rr.idable in numbers and disoipfine. It pos
hes one great advantage which the enemy
has not iu Virginia : the impregnable fortifi
cations of Chattanooga, upon which to fall
lick in case of disaster.. The state of prepal
ration in the army in GeneralJohnston's front,
tU removal of the great body of the troops
from Knoxville and Cleveland to Chattanooga,
and the facility with which reinforcements
caa be thrown from Tennessee and Keutucky,
arn us that we need not be surprised at any
iime to hear that an earnest attempt is being
nude to breikour Hues at Dalton, and that
atTanJ battle is joioj on.
j - w ww w
Hide and Tallow.
Strange things are told of the speeches of
Gov. Vance, and the efFret of thenh. It is
Mid that the 1 andling he gave I he different
members of the unhappy family w? of the
roughest a xt. It is said he spt ke of " John,"
as Joy calls him, metaphorically. Now there
are some figures of speech, whose. ear
marks" are too palpable. The co-owner was
more tenderly touched he was only alluded
to as one of a class those who were original
Kceesh, but didn't go in, on account of Treas
ury OccupjitoBS then he ' put up a substi
tute then became" iiiilish officer," and finally
wound up by co-owning the Progress all
for the purpose of keeping out. And Mr.
Ho'den was set down as correspondent of hi
own paper ai.d Editor of" John'.'' Now,
there is no "soft gop" in this it ia a regular
skinning hide-anl-talhw taking.
Cut the mysteries of the bedchamber, with
Mr. llolden iu the principal character, is the
deep rat melo-drama of the age. Of course
it wan all acting pledge and all (exctptthe
braudy that was real,) as the sequel disclo
ses. But from the description, the part sus
tained by Mr. llolden must have ben true to
nature.
We do not deal more seriously with this
midnight scene, until we hear from Mr.
llolden. It. is an accusation ha will be oblig
ed to meet not clandestinely by sheets and
half sheets but openly, on the stump, before
the people. It touches his courage and -his
honor. The . people of North Carolina es
teem both and they will expect Mr. llol
den to face this charge which Gov. Vance has
made, boldly and publicly.
The Disavowal.
The worst fenture in the reluctant disa
vowal by the Progress of its intention to re-
that the Progres studiously withhold yet
from the public the facts of the case. It
sought to make cnpitol for Mr. Holden and
against Gov. Vauce, by charging that Gen.
Hoke was arresting citizens and " manifesting
no disnosition to five hern a hearing. " The
victory of Gen. Hoke and the universal sirt-k
L
faction in his achievement, foes the disa
vowal ; but the. petty attempt to turn some
thing to Mr. Holden 's account lingers still;
rfonhave asserted, and the Progress has
no reason to doubt'the fact, that Geh. Hoke
duly feported the cases to his superior officer,
ety to the commissioner; nd we further
stated, that important movements, and the
uhauge of departmental commanders, opera
ted to retard the actiou of Gen. Pickett. Yet
all this the Progress withholds gives GeD.
Hoke no benefit, u the truth bu implied
ly renews its interference with the mili
tary operations, by solemnly 4proteetiDg against
the indiscriminate arrest of citizens." What
is this but another base accusation against this
meritorious officer? And this must continue,
ne presume, tj be bcrne. It is liberty of the
press, tkat a Ex-Lieutenaut who never eaw
a fight but has the control of a sheet of paper,
ixufy sit here from day to day and abuse, de
nounce aud accuse our best oflicers of high
handed outrage, and go scot fiee. Never! while
we cau wield a pen to scorch and castigate
such reckless and unworthy conduct. We have
held a light pen over the Prorfiets, because we
abhor violence in newspaper controversy ; but
we greatly misapprehend enlightened public
sentiment, if the course it is pursuing towurds
Gen. Hoke doe not meet a significant condem
nation. Official Vote
Damper fob Mr Holden.
The official vote in the 7th Congressional
District foots up, for Leach, 4058
Foster, 2420
Ramsay, 482
Majority for Leach, 1156.
In the contest lor Congress last tall, be
tween Messrs. Christian and Ashe, the majori
ty for Christian vas above 1500. Conceding
Mr. Leach then, to Mr. Holden, t.zhc claim's,
there is a loss to " Mr. Holdenism" of 400
votes. When to this is added the fact that
cqany men refused to go to the polls because
of the running of two cau iidates against
Leach, we think Mr. Holden has but little to
brag of. If this is his first flash, it is rather
44 dark lightning."
Thete is curious news ' here, that Mr.
Leach is fur Gov. Vauce. .We allowed him
to Mr. Holden, because" he claimed him.
Bat we are not at all .surprised to hear that
the claim was only co'or of title, and not
ripened by possession. , .
A Drawn Fight.
The 44 property holders ' have decided that
-the? late 44 tug and. tussle" between Gov.
Brown and Mr. Holden for the " Georgia
Platform," is a draw neither side wias.
It is charged that our Mr. Holden, the
champion of the "outer circle' didn't have
a fair showing. It is said the brandy given
to him was 44 blockade1ightning,"Oud instead
of 44 reviving,' 44 depressed him."
Our old Quixotic politician, Gov. J. B., re
u.inds us of an anecdote we recollect to have
of candidate who visited a -neighbor
'on on occasion found tha rAA man'' f.m
",v uui
home and the 44 busy housewife" milking.
The candidate commenced to make himself
agreeable, and asked the good dame if he
could be of any service? Yes, says she, if
you will hold this cow. Whereapon the
obliging candidate took the cow by thecoma.
Very soou the job began to be troublesome,
and the distressed cow holder to 44 look pale
and depressed ;" at last he exclaimed 44 have
you seen an j thing of late of my competitor V
44 Yes," says she, ' he is behind the kitchen
holdiug the calf.'
Gov. J. B. may have the old cow by the
horns, but our champion unquestionably has
the easier job, for he is behind the kitchen
and ouly holds the calf. Some one asks
where is; 4 John?" as Joy familiarly - calls
him. Answer, not far off from, the calf per
haps in the kitcher-
Washington Evacuated.
Betddes the brief announcemeut that' Wash
ington has been evacuated by the Yankees,
we have nothing further, up to the present
writing. The news is Confirmed, however,
from a dozn sources me which we have
seen, is a despatch from Gcu. Hoke himself,
to a gentleman in this city, requesting him
to repair U Washington immediately, to take
charge off the Fisheries which may now be
msj; profitably and usefully em pi eyed in
gatherii g in tb.fr rich harvest of the, silvery
tribe which wim hy mil' ions in the waters
of Eastern North Carolina at this season of the
year.
We are not in possession c.f information as to
whether our foiyes had a rfush with then), or
whether the enemy quietly left tlie town and
their fortifications whether they destroyed
or injured their guns, supplies, dec. ; whether
they left by land or waler. But we do know
they have gone gone in a hurry, towards
Newberu leaving us in'quiet possession of.
Washington, Plymouth and the regions all
m ab.jnt.
Whether the enemy will make a stand at
Newberu, or cut-water for Portress Monroe, we
are notable to say but whatever may be
their course, we feel coufi'ent that our force
will give no rest to the ol of Yankee-feet
while they pollute the soil they have already
too long desecrated.
This is indeed a day of rejoicing for North
Carolina. Let the stout-hearted and valiant
men rejoice in the fulfilment of their confident
expectations; the weak-kneed and "hope-it-may
be-so's," gather courage from this bright har
binger of still brighter days; and tho craven,
yankee-hearted croaker and disloyalist read
and learn the doom that but surely awaits
them; for the day of our redemption most
assuredly draweth nigh.
Faction.
We are in much too fine a humor, this
morning, overOe good news from the Eas
tern portion of our good old State, to indulge
in crimination even against those whose
cRtuee of conduct has contributed in no small
degree to the delay of the auspicious day now
opening upon us, of the recovery of Eastern
North Carolina fr.m the hated Yankee occu
pancy. Yet .we think it a most opportune
moment to Warn those who have been misled
into a participation in the factions element
that has produced division, discord and even
the worst ill-blood between our own citizens
here at home.
This factious spirit has-been engendered
"and kept alive, for tho most part, by ambi
tious and designing men, for selfish and par
tizan purposf s Some, we doubt not, have
united in these factious movements against
the Government, from pure motives, being
deceived by the designing, that the most
desirable ends could be promoted by the
means they proposed. But theso measures
are erroneousind impracticable, and were in
tended by unscrupulous leaders to be used as
engines to effect unhallowed ends that they
dare not reveal.
Iu times of peace, a nation cannot guard
too suspiciously agairst the inroads of fac
tious opposition to the Government ; how
much more carefully should it be guarded
against, when the nation is struggling for
liberty and independence. Thea it is that every
avenue to its introduction should be barrica
ded, barred, locked and guarded. We are in
.the midst of a revolution: unequalled in its
magnitude and unsurpassed in its brutality.
How inauijpicioiH Ft) e. advent of a party, most
-ruinously dangerous in the fulfilment of
its schemes. The cause in wtiiuh we strug
gle should absorb the strength of every mind,
and the devotion of hearts. Our cause is.
a holy cause. Never since 44 tho morning
6Urs sang together, " has the sun beheld a
nobler, grander contest ; and it would sem
that in so greatr-a struggle all hearts would
unite and all nuds engage in upholding tho
Government of our choice, and the. Admin
istration in . power, that is .straining, every
nerve to rid North Carolina soil of the 'hated
Yaukee presence. Surrounded by a circle of J
fire by sea and by land, the condition of "our
country should Jianaaizo all jealousies and
soften ail asperities.
When the tidings of discord reach us from
the land of our foe, delight pervades every
heart, aud joy illuminates' every .face true to
the' Southern cause. In these symptoms of
weakness we read the fiat of oar liberties and
augur the dawnings of peace. And will not
our. enemies catch a note of encouragement
from antagonism to our cause, loud-spoken
and bellicose iu our midst-? Most surely they
will.
Where shall we find a parallel for so short
sighted a policy ? . God hid His face frour
the people ff His choice when Titus threw his
legions around the city of Jerusalem ; and that
its doom might be sure, tore her inhabitants
by factions and disputes. Titu, bearing up
o'u his banners the vengeance of the God he
knew not, was unequal to the task of its over
throw, but for the "faction', that raged with
in, and at last fell a victim, which the ruin of
eighteen centuries still proclaims to the .folly
of discord in the midst of war.
Let us conclude this article by an earnest
appeal to our people to stifle the voice of fac
tion, and put the ban of condemnation upon
all who are engaged in promoting it. We
can, we must, we will succeed in our glori
ous struggle for life, liberty, independence
our wives and" little ones, our home altars,
and the altars of our God, broken down, pollut
ed and destroyed by the yanked infidels that
have invaded our fair land. The pages of his
tory never recorded so much of patience, trust,
patriotism as that flowing deep in the hearts
of our countrymen. , No pen ever immortal
ized heroes, whose deeds of gallantry shone so
brightly as those now clustering, in strength
and devotion, around the banners of pur conn,
try.
intestine v "tjMberofo'ts .
The last Rfchinil papers irTi'3fc Ar
able news, front wh clh we -gloan the ftV0W- I
ing, being unabt t .1 ab lue-full acoo'Q?.ts in
this morning's pjtj er r
But little iuforrttfctiorr s-gjren. conoe?virt
the operations of nor oVn armies. Alt yt'
quiet in the army of NiVliiwniVirgioia, bat
it is said the great ftruggiV' Oftcnpt ee muobj
longer deferred. x
It was extensively rumoriil in-RichmonVt,
that thH enemy , were landib'(g:gfr& Wes'over,
on James river, on Friday, bat-iK confirma
tion of the rumor had'tHen rec W'l. -
The report! advance on VJhfjSfeninsala
turns out to have bon the smalletrkiad of an
affair. A party of 150 visited p rlptcn the
York River Hail road and the PamiLti5MP')j:Ter
aud returned without doing any dat"MJWi
Our Richmond exohangeahave VnJiern
papers up to the 26th. We give b tloH a
summary of the news taken from the Yar.itfe
papers:
The very latest intelligence from the Rti
river expedition, under Banks, ia dated Jivn
New Orleans, the 18th inst. Its deiear . by
Kirby Smith is acknowledged. Itappea.v
that tiie report of a rally ou the necoud daT
and a repulse of the "rebels" was gotten up s
to soften the affair at the North, lhere "was
uo second day to the affair. Banks took to
his heels on the first day, and run niue miiee
before stopping.
Th steamer La Crosse, from the Red river I
for New Orleans, having stopped at a planta
tion to tako Ou cotton, the crew and soldiers
got drunk at a distillery on the plaee, whena
company of the 1st Louisiana (rebel) cavalry
made a descent on the boat. The passengers
and crew, after .being robbed, were paroled,
and the boat aud cotton were burned
THE FALL OF PLYMOUTH A SPECIMEN OF
YANKEE LYING.
The Philadelphia Inquirer contains the of
ficial and other announcements of the fall of
Plymouth. The butchery of the negro tr.ofP
is news here, ttiough if Gen. Hoke had butch
ered the whole garrison in the assault after a
refusal to surrender, it would have been per
fectly proper under the laws of war. The
loss of the Confederates is put down at fifteen
hundred 1 A telegram dated Fortress Mon
roe, the 24th inst.rsays the rebels, after find
ing themselves victors of the place, left two
thousand men to guard the captured forces,
aud then started, it was supposed, for Little
Washington. Their ram aud gunboats mo Vf.nl
off toward the mouth of the riv?r."
All is reported quiet at Roanoke Iidaud and
Newberc. ' -
The boat bringing the information of" tbo
fall of Plymouth arrive.1 here Fortress M m
roe this morning. This is .the first arrival
we have had from" Roanoke Island, siuco
Monday last. .
The rebel ram and rifle ser ened Cotton
Planter were on the lioauoke river, and our
gun boats, the 'lacony, Miami, &c, were
waiting outside in th Kouud to receive theni
Another telegram from Newborn, N. C,
says : Two full cym panics of the Second N
C. Union (colored) volunteers were among
the captured, the most of whom Were led out
aud tdiot by the enemy after surrendering.
"All the negroes who were found in uniform
were shot.
N'ewbern and Washington are threatened
with two rebel raftis and a large foioe of reb
el. The presence cf more gunboata is imme
diately required here.
The Yankees scei.. to have one hope of
stopping the Confederate rams now Jo se in
ti e North Carolina waters,, and that ia placed
in he Tarony, vessel of the : double-coder"
class, and was built aud equipped at Pniia-
dclphia. She is a staunch craft, and carries
icn gui s, four each broadbide, and heavy ri
fled pivot guns, fore and aft. As a paddle
wheel steamer she belongs to the third clats,
and is nine hundred and seventy-four tons
tonnage. She is commanded by Ltt'ut. W. F.
Truxton, a grandson of -Com. TruXirnn..
Grantis having reviews iu toe-Army of the
Potomac. On the 23d inst. he reviewed the
Second Corps. (Hancock's,) which the letters
written inform uspssed him iu "respleudeut
column." The Washington Star contradicts
the report that Gn. Lee 19 moving towards
the Shenandoah Valley, and saya; ho is stitl
in his old position on Che Rappahannock.
It appears that Forrest captured -Fort Pillow
with only eight hundred men, aud uot'several
thousand, as at first reported.
A telegram from Louisville reports Forreft
as marching upon Decatur, Hamburg, Colum
bus, Nashville, and about a dozen other pla
ces. He seems to have completely befogged
the Yankees as to his movements.
The Government. at Washington is. strain-
ing every point to put men in the. field. The
drilied men in garrisou aud heavy artillery
batteries in the. .Northern towns. are being,
ent to Washington, to relieve . the garrison
there and permit them to be. pent to the front.
Gov. Parker, of &ew Jersey, has received
orders trom Lincoln to raise. a new regiment
for'the'heavy batteries,, in that State anil per
mit the ojd -regiment to go into the field.
Burnside's corps left Annapolis, Md., on
thd 23d inst., and passed through Washing
ton on the 25th. It was ro vie wed b. Lin
coln on Monday last. .
. FINANCIAL GOLD STILL GOING VP.
The following is from a New Yoik letter,
dated the eveniug of the 25th iust. :
. The money market is easier at 7 per cent
for call loaus. Foreign exchange is -selling
for, 193 J in currency for first class sterling.
Amercan gold is more active and decidedl v
higher, opening at 78, advancing to 80i,
declining to79i, advancing to 8 IJ, declining
to 81J, and closing qu ret and firm at 83fa83
per cent premium." Government stocks are'
steady.
Last week the First United States Vol
unteers arrived in Norfolk from Poiut
Lookout. This regiment was formed at the
latter plaee from men' who had formerly been
in the rebel army. G1, Win, B. Green is its
commander, and it will be retained in Norfolk
to do provost duty. They at present num
ber over' six hundred men.
Major Gen. Chittenden having been exone
rated from all imputations whatever concern
ing his course at the battle of Chickamuga
has been assigned to an important command,
and ordered to report to Gen. Burnside.
- Col. Whitson, of the 8th N. C. regiment
was captured in Currituck a few days since.
He was shot five times' before he was captur
ed. He was sent to Balfour Hospital at Nor
folk. We are glad to learn that Col. Whit
son was not killed by the Buffaloes, as pub
lished by us a few days since. We trust ha
is not mortally wounded. Eds. Confede
rate. - -
Memphis, April. 22. Grierson has picked
up a few of Forrest's men, but Forrest keeps
his troops well together, and is too strong for
a successful attack.1 His headquarters are still
at Jackson, Teun
T EL E GRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF THK RES ASSOCIATION.
Entered accordimr to set nf fTnnrrrAia in th.
1863, by J.yS. Thradhm, ia tht Clerk's fBc
ui me iiiJiru-iuoanoi to f ;oaredrata Htate
for the Northern Diatr'ict of fkorgia.
Yankee Aceonot t the PlyraonthJ FirhT.
and other Northern Kewi; '
" . P-thmosd; April 29.
By flag pf trace boat t City Point last-sight,
fifty oncers and thrve hu.--.red and fify aM,
arnvea for exchange.
Northern papers of the 27h, contain accounts
of the battle at Plymouth. The represent tbg
iqera4iuss to oue bcljed ami -fifty JcillJ
auJ twenty-five hundred t ptnred. Thy pat
the rbl.lo4s atfiftee.i hundid killed. What
an eporoH.aa lie. , All negroes caught iu'unl
form ajere taken ottt and shot. .
Despotchca from New Orleans sfate the
reheu tletrnycl " it le than seveoiy-fi vc
thousand t-ales of cv4ton on Rwl river.
A St. jy.nis teiegvam' f the 25th gives New
QrWsan Adviw to the $th." It is'gonetAlly
conceded that the buttle in X,-0uisiana were
adverse ta IJIanks, as the eneniy remained ou
the ground j-ftr Saturday's fijht. while
Banks. retre:Ued forty m.ih-s." The report of
aeotber.fisb.txm the 10th was a mis ak.
TbB-liOi.ufarmy at Grand Ecore are frty
tifxmg Udh sids of the river. Bauks and
.Adaiiial Eortor ara. buth. there. Only five
feet water at Gr-md - Eeoro. The gunboat
j; .asipof js agroun 1. Prisoner taken report
Kirky fSiaith-and Sibley killed id the recent
battles.
Cotton in New Orleans declined.
Sugar advanaed.
Memphis adviffft to I he 22nd say Forrest's
entire force is moving towards Alabama, fol
lowed by Grioraon.
Price had evacuated Camdeu, ArkM and
Stifle occupied the place. .
Murphy was inaugurated. Cover fror of Ar
kansus, with rrcat p?omp. on the 13h.
The Yankee House of Representatives has
adapted a joint resolution ijicr casing, the tariff,
temp uarlly, fifty per cent.
Lincoln has accepted eirrh tv thousand 'tro-ODS:
twiered for six months service by the Govern- J
vmo ui Lcuugimuiit, viiio, luuiuna, liuuois,
Iowa and Wisconsin. They will be used in
garrison duty, relieving veteran troops.
A large force left Port Royal on the 14th for
Fortress Monroe.
Accounts from Mexico report Vidaurri nVd
from Monterey., with all h:s farces, oh the ad
vance of Juarex troops..
Burnside's corps rewutly encamped At An
napolis, passed through Washingtooa Monday
afterno in. The report that tlrc.FUrJda is. at
R?!liidios ig untrue.
Laboor .strikes continue throughout the North-1
and w est.
Bntler denies wiitlug; the protest recently
attributed to aim.
Oold in New York on the 2Gtb, 195 ; ia Bnlli
morc on the 27h, 18H.
The Ya.nkee i?b 'curae up the Peninsula
yeatariftiy, wers one handled aud fifty cavalry,
who-remained at Bnrhafiisville a short time and
returned1 iafbe direction of Williamssbwrg.
From Oca. JahhHton's Array.
Dalt N, April 20.
. A large force of the eniemy, consitiig of
iufantry, artillery and cavalry attacked utr
pickr-ts oi) the Ring.ild road thin ruorum.
capturing ten ami woundiog. sovornl. Tlj
Tho pickets rrtrHl nearly to Tunnel Hill
vrh'-u they met reinfo;co::entJ, and fuii.ed
rjntn ihc- Ytk?tf, r.nd '-f'cr a s!:Aiy ruagr
meiit lrnre tli" cr- y Huk. L-'iw rc -i'hr
h'ulc small. Tne httir is rogardfd jsimplv a? )
a reconnoisance to!iocr );ir pition . -h"
enemy also repirtHl nvring ont slwly from
Cli-velahtlye,Hterday, in the direction of lied
Clay.
. -
Vrom the Mississippi.
Mobile, April 2ff.
A special di.pat h to the Mohilo Tribune,
dated Scnatobia, April 27 h. nays corripoiid
fnts among the wounded ofli ers M Vickpburg,
to ntrthern journals. ?ay that the w vera I en
gflgemenlf ill Louisiana lave re?u'td in a
complete Fe er.il drfe t that the Fe'eral
Gen. Smith havel Banks' army from deduc
tion. The snhordinale offireis 'are indigtnnt
agniust Banks.
A great conspiracy h been discovered in
the western States, and Crawford county,
Ohio,, lias, been ..placed unler martial law.
Fire In Wilmington.
Wilmington, April 29.
A fire occurred last night on the west side
of the rivtr, ci nstimiiig theofficeof the Wil
mington and Manchester Railroad, thirty-five
freight cars 'belonging to the Georgia Ontral
Railroad, and every building. Kouth - of the
depot, including the Confederate cotton pretc,
ferry, marine railway twd all the cottou stored
South of the ferrj. About x thousand bales
of cotton burrlt. - Loss estimated at from six
to sen milfiona dollars-.
From Gen. Lee's' Armj.
Orange C. H., April 30.
. Our scouts report Burnside to have arrived
at A lexau'dria," preparatory to joining Grant.
From Klfbnton.
Richmowd, April 30.
Members of Congress are arriving slowly.
It 9 regarded as certain now that there will
not be a. quotum Monday. The President's
Message .is ready for delivery. It is under
stood that it contains nor point of striking in
terest. The dearth of news continues.
Later From the North.
Richmond, May l.
The Baltimore Gazette, of the 28th, re
ceived. News unimportant. A Washing
ton correspondent of the New York Post,
says gigantic pieparations jive going on for
the approaching campaign in Virginia.:
Grant will not commence forward movement
until all. his arrangements are completed.
The State Constitutional . Convention
of
Maryland organized on the 27th ult.
Gold closed at Now York on the 27th at
177.
From Europe.
KicHUGNb, May 1,
European advices, to. the 13th received.
The British ministry wero defeated on the
13th, in the House of Commons on minor
educational question, by eight majority.
Great enthusiasm for Garibaldi in England
Palmerston acccorded in an interview -of an
hours' duration ' Lord Clarendon's mission to
Parris, it is said for the purpose of dispelling
Napoleon's irritation against England.
President DaTls' child KIHed by a Ac
cident; '
Richmond, May 1.-
' Saturday avening, seven 'o'clock, Joseph,
son of President Davis, died from injuries
received by a fall from a back: portico of the
Executive Mansion. His parents were from
homo at the time. The acqd.ent was not dis-'
covered until the little boy was found by a
servant in 'an insensible condition in the
yard. Every restorative that could be thought
ol was applied; bat all to no purpose.
Evacnatton or Washington, K. C.
Goldoro', May 2.
A leffer torn a trnstworthsource in Kins
trvn, dafl this morning, rays the Yankees
ha ve evnetiifed Washington and Gen. Hake
is in postiession.
VlorlonsXeirsfroatbe Trsaa-UiMlsslpnu
DcMoroLis, May 1.
Asperial tn the Meridian Clarion from Jaefc
n, of the SOth. mti th- -enemy have fallen
J ack from Big B'ack, after pirtlally dertroy
lB tho hlgeand lUrniug the sutUr an
trafjers hsnti and soldiers huts. Cmsido
roaljrm prevads wi'hiu the fcrtiric4iiu
ickburg, aypnbei.diug ao attack frot.j
UftAd-ain.
A dpt fro: BroiTkhaven to the rcime
1--ter, s-ys, iof..iiua:iun from the Traus-Mi-'ippi,
Tejroi t Ranks def-at1 a wcond time.
It- tM iied' on the nwth d of ls river,
anlis Mliog back on Kith.ji. .
Geu. Pric- ha whippi S:w.1p bidlv. cip
4urlug two hundsd wavms, a 'arte um:,rr
of piisoners ami .irraa Mannaduke Wan nUy
in pursuit of Siecle, who wn tailing hick to
Little Rock.
From the Army ef Vlr?lnf a,
Oranor t-. H , Miv r
Burnside ha certainly arrived at A Iron
dria and is moving rapidly to f nm a j:: tin
with'Grnut in Culjeper. Ut..rH jr.m tier
enemy's hoe remrt great activity i thf'.r
canqw, u if concentratine in Culpe'per. The
im predion m seueral here, thatGrnnt will
vanee this week
dry aud bard, we.Mhcr tirjo, and ouf
trjbps in exclknt pht every way.
Meet Ins of tie Confederate Congress.
Ricuaox n, tyy 2.
Both House of Congre6 aftiab'ed and were
ofeuind at 12 o'clock to uUy, a quorum in
Hch being preiteut. Twenty Senator. uad sixty
.members of the Mouse n ere io atteiiJanev. All
the old officers tlvctvd willioat oppu&ttion.
j'eker Uoeok ielivrei an eloquent uddros.
Mr. Hunter, ot Virginia, rcltcled Pr.idn.t
)ro tern of the Senate.
During a dbat on an iicidental question
Mr. Johnsou, of Arkansas, rxnicastd an -ii.ion
that the Miu Would nut ccitinue
longer than two weeks.
The Preside. rA's m- asage was dclivcrcjl at half
Kt.t one by .is fthivato Secretary, anu wa
r a 1 in h th houeM. The t'oliowng i a
reary of the tneasago:
CHrba aeiobJed, under cirrutatUanctf
of deeTTieterwt t tK" couutvy; hut fortun ate,
. loruing nwly olecied, tney w)!! hp nbl t
devi. mewusrs adapted Ui the want- of the
pnb ic !-Gvic. Stitlicicit time ha n.-t
elaiptd to Kt the eQicacv of imp utkKt lawj
jh.vc I last Congress, 'lhe unjust war coin
mennd tgainst us. is Mil! charaeu ii:--d by the
barbaHrtm w ith which it i cotulur:s iy tho
etemy. After mentioning wtme si in king ntr.
citia by fbe enemy, tho Incident
rrnstei o n nHier or later . oo to 1 1. in
the t o. d. lunation such bi u'nli'y deserve will
mote. .
The p.pie f the invaded dUlricH h.v
borne t'uir snffuriugs with p.tritio I ritui
ami Urn the ceUtre of ch'-erfuhifs.-. u.d h'-pj.
Fr in th; camp c ti)fs the voica'd scuihr
patri". inn king all t devoh th ir wholo
v ei.i to tho C4UH, in the K.n.vti of uhicfi
e- rdhl i ce bus tievf-r Itlteiitl.
Ccngr. i-s inctrts again, holwithUidivg the
threat -f our subjugAtin thrc yrurs jro ly
o.j.J u5u f.retrd to nfserf thiir title to
euvcrr. StttPS whose "ovcrrjnty i- rcr'gnad
t-f Frrncc and Great Britiiiu. These givcrn
menfs dirg!r.l treaty obligation, persist in
counteii-mcing the Union Executive, a forrij.i
governir.ent'rt exercise of despotic nfy over
' States thus recognised.
The President comments opoa hiinulnt'd
nruirahtyof foreign government., ami sea -o
pro-prct rf an enrly r.h.ingt of tht cour-o
b-rctof re pursued bjr them. The ,ol ro
source f'-r us i cmtin aud apply every svatl
a4le ele::icut iu our power, in onr defence aul
preset vtion.
The exchange of pri.-ouers his been re
sumed by ihe enemy but t o ass'irnnco ia
givei of an intent to carry ou: the cartel
The report of the Secretary of thcTnas.
tiry i r fern-d todays the lai-t m!in in con
t artiii,: the circiilatioii. has hvl ihc doirel
effect, liy tit of July the amount reduced
will l-e a sum Lot exceeding two hundred
and thirty mil ions. -
The Prctident earncftlv advises, ngninxt au
increase of circulation. The Picu'dent ureK
CoiigriM that the discipline ami in&truction of
tn p ha kept peace with the impnivemt nt
in maifrial and equipment, and aks special
attention to the lecotumendatioMid the Svro
t.iry of War in relain t the army
After alluding to recent events of tho war,
in which the tueuiy ha bc4.u tle.retVd, tho
Preid; -lit. closes as follows: 4 Ijet Uh ihcn,
while resolute, devote all our ctieruies t sc
' coring the rcaliiution of the bright aurpices
- which encourage us; and not forgit our hum
b!e, tnoht gistelul thanks are due to Him
without whose guiding aud protecting eire all
human efforts aru of "no avail'''
The Florida after the Yankee Crafts.
IticnMnvp, May 2.
An official telegram from Wilmiugtm, to
the Secretary of the Navy, furniahea authen
tic intelligence from Nassj.u, that tho Florida
has sui k the Iluntsvillo and another guubjat
in the West Indies.
Confirmation of Banks Second Defeat
and Price's Ttctory.
Mobilc, May, 2.
Mr. Wagner, bearing despatches from Kirby
Smith, states the results of battles on the 8th
and 9ih on Red River, as follows :
Complete defeat of the enemy; loss eti
mttd by Oen. Taylor at eight thoasatd kHleij,
wounded and missing; but' their own admission
pnt9 tTTe number at 13,000. We captured 21
pieces of artillery, 10,000 stand small arms,
1,200 mules, 800 wagons, and a large quantity
of stores. Oar loss officially, 2,200. Gtn'ls.
Morton and Green killed.
Three Yankee Generals reported killed. i
The enemy's force 32,000 ; ours 18 to 20.000.
r Kirby Smith directed the operatioua, Taylor
' commanded the centre, Walker k and Mjrtou
the wings.
On Sunday, the 17th, the enemy attempted
to cross-Red river agsin, and were attacked
and again whipped worse than before, but no
particnlairs received. Forty steamboats of all
classes, asceoded the river, and were all above
Alexandria, with no possibility of escape.
Ten or twelve boats already blowu nit or
burned to avoid capture
Mr. Wagner rays soldiers and citizens re
port that Price seemed to have fallen back in
apparent disorder, abandoning everything,
when the Yankees attached his trains. They
broke ranks and scattered to plunder. Price
turned and .cut them to pieces, capturing 4,000
. prisoners, 300 wagons, all their ammunition,
- baggage and supplies.
Iti rcportfd also, that Steele evacuated
Little Rock, falling back toward the Missi'
eippi River. This story is corroborated " by
yankee accounts on the Misns&ippi.