THE UQNFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
AUVf ItTlKKMK.VrS hf inserted at
JHM.LAK per square of tea Ihret 'or tw) for Mek
insertion. larrit solicit and otritrir n ill 1 e
cbsrgdai advertisement?.
4 JOB WORK.
JOB WORff of 'V.TT dcfcnptiua will be-
ecwtd at thla OCSee whh di.pitch, mm) a nratlv
cd bn loe aay where la the Southern Con
ederaev.
A. 31. (rtKMAX & (0., Proprietors.
llVJ
TERMS :
1 AlfA" EDITION, for months
. " 3 " ...
" 1 "
TRT-WEEKLY, for G month
it 1
$15
0
3
10
5
WUKKLV EDITION, for C months 5
No smoseriptions will be received on any other
terms than the above, Eor for a longer or shorter
period.
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1864.
NO. 19.
THE (CONFEDERATE.
mm
if
Treason.
Kvcr since we assumed the editorial depart
ment of this paper, we have endeavored to
how from the various sources of evidence
which we could collect, that Mr. Holden was
disloyal to the Southern Confederacy that he
had meditated a treasonable attack upon it
that he hod actually counselled its overthrow,
Mid that iu fact and truth, lie occupied to our
country now, the same attitude and position
tint the Tories did in the- Involution of 1770,
except that he is not found with arms in his
hand.. For some time past wo have been in
p ssesion of thj proof furnished to the Con
servative in its isuc of the 2tfth ; that is, we
'nave kuowo that Mr. Hampton bad he'd the
c ivcrsition ho state, with Mr. JI 1 ien ; for
we have a letter from a gentleman in the coun
ty of Wilkes, who communicated to us that
Mr. Hampton had informed him of these facts,
immediately on his return home from the leg-ii-lature.
It is now proved by tho solemn certificates
of two gentlemen, b th memb rs ot the legis
lature, that Mr. Holden in November last,
stated to them, that "the Legislature should
rail a Convention of the State immediately,
and take the State out of the Confederacy
(and, says he,) mark my prediction, iu less
than six months you will see that I am right."
This is the certificate of Mr. Hampton.
That of Mr. Horton of Watauga, is thus:
"This Legislature ought to call a Convention
and take the State out of the concern. Mark
my prediction, you will see before six months
fiom this time thai I am right."
Both of these gentlemen were struck, as
any loyai mau might be, with this disreputa
ble and base proposition ; and both of them
repeated it to Mr. Gentry, of Asho, on the
same day. And we have a letter from Dr.
Hackett, of Wilkes, stating that Mr. Hampton
communicated it to him immediately after
I, is return home. There is then, no room for
the assertion by Mr. Holden, that there may
be " some unaccountable misunderstanding
or perversion of our (his) views." The state
ment must be true, or "unqualifiedly and
wilfully false."
Mr. Ilmden feels the force of the accusation
by Gov. Vance. If proved, it not only cou
tlemns him of a base and unmanly departure
from his representative pledge, made on the
20th of May, 1S01 ; it uot only condemns
him of falsifying his rp?atcM cJit trial assu
rances of devotion and hy.!ty ; it not only
uts an'end tn his character for truth, by all
the l ules of law and common sense ; but it pla
ces him before the people of this State, before
our soldiers from North Ciroliua, before the
peqlo of the Confederacy, and before the.
world, as the counsellor of treason ; as Jlv.
meditator of the overthrow of our Government;
as one who would sacrifice North Carolina,
her h ou or, her integrity, aud her safety ; who
wvuli shamefully withdraw her from her
southern sisters, aud Sut Aer "P for herself :
either to treat with the enemy, and to accept
humiliating and destructive terms from him,
or to draw upj ttcr two wars, instead of one
Thus impr"S!Xl with tho force of the aseusi-tk-n,
M Holden twice denies it tho second
tine, we repeat our denial of this charge iu
ie most emphatic terms."
Aud the matter thus stands before the peo
ple. The charge is ma.lo. Two respectable
witnesses attest the truth of It. There are
other witnesses in the State, who can prove the
s.ima thing. There is at least one iu Chat
Lam ; there arc more. We kuow some of
them. It is tho duty of all loyal men now to
corn out and favor the cause of truth and
the country, by tolling what they kuow.
We so ill hereafter take up this proof as it
stands now. We shall procreJ to show what
Mr. Ibdctcn's purpose was, and the evidence;
and we shall thrc expose to the people of the
State, what the horrid effects would have been,
if this pernicious scheme had been successful.
In the mean time, Mr. Holden ought not
to be permitted to make this a question of a
jvlitical campaign. Iu our opinion, it is a
question for a judgo and jury, firt ; and for
the people afterwards. The cloud is rolliug
up ; and this is the first clap of thunder.
Mosby at Work. The gallant Mosby is
said to be again at work, this time in destroy
ing the Orange railroad from the Rappahan
nock northwards. He is reported to have
burned the bridges between that stream and
Manassas, big and little. He is also tearing
up the track as he goes and is doing his work
effectually. Many stragglers from the Yan
kee army are being picked up, the whole
country being filled with them.
Latest froh the United States. The
Richmond Enquirer of Monday last, says it
was reported in that city, that Northern pa
pers of the 23th had been received, bringing
intelligence of the arrival iu Washington of
an agent from France, destined for the Con
federate States, but that the Lincoln authori
ties bad peremptorily refused to grant him
permission to proceed on his journey.
The Petersburg Repress says that three
hundred and sixty-two Yankees were sent off
cn the 27th by the train for Weldon. A few
hundred Yaukee prisoners remain iu the hospitals.
From the Enemy's lines Grant's Unpre
cedented Losses.
The Petersburg Express has late and relia
ble information frQm the enemy's lines. It is
of the most encouraging character. Outside
of Grant' official circle, and safely removed
from the tyranny of Lincoln and Seward, the
Northern people do not hesitate, to admit terri
ble losses in Grant's army. Noue estimate it
at less than 7o 000, and many say that it will
reach 90,000. This is from all causes killed,
wounded, prisoners, stragglers and deserters.
The desertion &ud straggling is without
precedent. A letter was received if? lb? city j
I S-ifurl.iv, from a member of Mosby a com
mand, well and favorably known in Peters
burg. This writer states that he and his com
rades, with their daring chief, have been in
the rear of Grant since he moved from Cnl
peper Courthouse. He states that from the
Rapidan and the Rappahannock to the Poto
mac, the country literally swarms with strag
glers. These men do not hesitate to say, that
they are from the Army of the Potomac, and
under no circumstances will they be carried
back alive. Each man is armed, and says he
will iell his life as dearly as possible, before
he will be taken.
Gold went up in New York on the 24th, to
186, being an advance of 4 per cent, over pre
vious day's rates. This does not look as
though the observant New Yorkers were of
the opinion that Grant had accomplished
anything whatever in a military way, but to I
sacrifice one of the best armies on the planet.
The northern people say that Grant has
lost four times as many men, ai any general
who ever commanded the Army of the Poto
mac. It has been ascertained by actual count,
that he lost more men on the 12th, in the ter
rible contest of Spotsylvania Courthouse, than.
Napoleon Bonaparte lost on the memorable
field of Waterloo. The people say, that the
worst feature of the present nielanchoty con
dition of affairs is, that the places of the re
cently slain and maimed, cannot be supplied.
Every garrison and outpost has been swept
clean to replenish Grant's decimated ranks ;
and it is asserted as an absolute fact, that
there were nut men enough at Fortress Mon
roe last Friday to garrison the plaec.
It is also represented that Grant's present
army is greatly demoralized. The three years'
men are very much discontented, at the bad
faUh in wntcu Tho Lincoln Government h is
acted towards them, and the new-comers, or
Vetera reinforce meats, as Stanton telegraphs
to Dix, cannot be made to face dm. Lee's
gallant gre backs. Four times during the
past ciip'it days did Grant attempt to bring on
at.other such fight as lie engaged iu at Spot
sylvania Courthouse, but each time, the men
refused to be led to the slaughter. They are
like Burnside's, whipped at Fredericksburg.
Once is all sufficient.
Altogether the entire iufortnati n from the
enemy's country is of the most cheering kind.
We verily believe, that light is breaking, and
that peace is not far distant. God be praised.
The Nullification Bill.
The following Act was passed by the Legis
lature just closed. It was introduced by Mr.
Nat. Boydeti, Senator from R twan, and passed
the Senate by a vote of 26 to 19, and 54 to 11
in the House many of the members opposed
to it refusing to be pretent.or to vote on a
measure calculated to bring about a conflict
between the Confederate aud State Govern
ments :
AN ACT more effect a illy to secure the benefits
of the tcrit of habeas corpus and t prevent
the transportation of citizens in civil life
beyond the limits i f the State.
Sec. 1. Be it enacitd by the General Assem
bly of North Cirvlina, and it is hereby enacted
by the authority oj the same, Tnat any person
as to whom a writ of habeas corpus has been,
issued and served, who wilfully fails or refusss
under any pretence whatever, to obey tho
mandate thereof, or the orders of the judge or
court thereon, before whom the same is heard,
or who knowingly or intentionally prevents
the service of the same by force, or by keeping
out of the way, r who shll wilfully fail or
refuse to permit any person upon application
by counsel, in bis custody, to consult with
and havo the assiFtjmco of counsel, for the
purpose of sucihg out, or prosecuting- said
writ, or who shall send away or conceal any
person who is in his custody or under his con
trol, witii intent to prevent said writ from
being sued out or executed, or the petitioner
from being discharged, when the judge or
court . so orders, shall be guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and, on conviction in the Supe
rior Court, shall be fined not less than one
thousand dollars and imprisoned not less than
one year.
Sec. 2. Bz it further enacted. That if any
person thall, under any pretence whatever,
transport beyond the limits of this State, by
force or violence, any person in civil life, such
person, so offending, shall be guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and, on conviction shall be
fined not less tha'u two thousand dollars and
imprisoned not less than one year.
Stc. 3. Be it further enacted Thatjf any
person in civil life shall be transported beyond
the limits of this State, contrary to the pre
visions of the second section of this act, the
Governor of the State shall forthwith demand
him of the authorities of the Confederate
States where such person may be imprisoned.
Road three times and ratified in General
Assembly, the 28th day of May, 1864.
R. S. DONNELL, S. n. C.
GILES MEBANE, S. S.
We learn that Gen. Whiting has been
ordered to report to Gen. Lee, and will assume
an active field command.
s THE WAR. j
The Richmond Sentinel say?, not withstand- j
ing the proence of tw. vast armies hv our im- ;
mediate vicinity, the scene of nnst immediate j a tew .t pur people were start ed r ruly
interest this morning-is in Northern Georgia,;! rooming, upon receiving the Uichmoud En
Johnston has had anothef of those suceemful quirer of. that date, to read in its columns, thht
collisakms with Sherman which promise to Gn. Bragg bad ordered the evacruuu i of
destroy the latter before he reaches a grand atljeterfhurg. , Those wh knew Gen. Brag as
tic On Friday rdght, Cleburne a ppears to ca patriot and ldier, whi. h he certainly is. of
have perpetrated a massacre upon Howard's Msunrse did not for a moment believe that any
division; inflicting a loss of five to seven
thousand, with a loss on our partof oalg a
few hundreds. A general engagement was
tx looted to take place the next day ; but so
long as the pieliminary operations result as in
the delightful affair of Friday night, and of
Resaca, we care not How protracted tbe pre
lude to the grand tragedy. The victory, is
tenfold jojous which spares our own men.
J ohnston may retire, bp much as he pleases,
if he will deliver every where alons his line '
of march such blows as these. He will soon
have no pursuers.
Gen. Lee and Lieut. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
are at present manceuvering. Ulysses but re
cently declared, in one of the sententious ut
terances which are accepted by his people as
oracular, that he would fight out the. campaign
on the line from Spotsylvania Courthouse to
Richmond, if it took him all summer. He ac
cordingly adhered to that line of march as
long as Lee gave him liberty, until he had
crossed the North Anna, and came to a con
frontation with Lee near Hanover Junction.
Every one who had any faith iu Grant's pluck
expected,' of course that he would renew his
attack ; for, to be sure, that was his road to
Richmond, and Lee was in it. But he lay in
Lee's front fn.-m Tuesday morning to Friday
night, with nothing more than skirmishing.
Unable to bring his men up to an attack, or
himself afraid to risk it, he then r crossed
the North Anna, abandoning tho field to Lee.
This can be held only as a complete backout
on the part of Grant It is a confession that
he was afraid to fight h'"s adversary, is
idle for him to expect to avoid his difficulty
by choosing another lino of advance. This
trouble is independent of all roads. It is found
iu Lee's army. Of that army he has shown
himself afraid. It will be the same army on
the PeniMsula, or the South Side, that it was
on the North Anna, lie cannot escape the
stern encounter by shifting his battle grouud.
Ho may piny iuj;iiic, as he now does; he
may steal away to the P. niusula, or hido in
the swamps of the lon er Chickahominy.or the
South Side; but ho caunot take Richmond
without lighting Lee, and of , that he shows
himself afraid.
There are three lines of advance against
Richmond, all of which bav their supporters.
There is the Peninsula route which has been
immortalized by McClellaa, the Southside ap
proach which Ins been the scene of Butler's
generalship, and the Fredericksburg or North
ern route, which was tbe favorite of Lincoln,
Burusidc, Hooker and Meade, and was adopted
by Grant.
Grant made a lager advance than his prede
cessors by tbe same route, and recently bound
himself to it by a special pledge. His aban
donment of it now is a confession of terrible
defeat. After spending sixty or seventy thous
and men in the experiment of advancing by
'the North side, he has humiliated himself so
far as to runaway in the night to look for the
despised McClellan's tracks on the Peninsula.
Tho news will fall like a cold bath on the hopes
of his people. And well it may. For how can !
he hope with a whipped and blasted army, to j
accomph-h from the Peninsula what McClellan
failed to do with his vast, well appointed, and
well disciplined array, urged on by confident j
expectations ? God has not given us over to
be cursed by Grant, and if he runs about like
Balaam to find gome point from which his desire
may be gratified, like Balaam, he will be ever
disappointed.
There are tfio?e who consider Grant's ad
vance from Spotsylvania to the North Anna as
evidence of progresg, and of improvement in
his condition. It is sufficient to say that Grant
judges differently. From Spotsylvania he had
hopes of taking Richmond ; from the North
Anna none.
At the latest accounts, Grant had crossed the
Pamunkey at Hanovertown. distant, we be
lieve, about eighteen or twenty miles from
Richmond.
The Weekly Confederate is printed every Tues
day and pat in the Post Offiee here that evening.
It goes off, or ought to go off by the first mails
thereafter. We understand it does not get to
Richmond county until a week after its date. It
goes to Faretteville on Wednesday, and if the
mail for Richmond county does not leave on
Wednesday before the Raleigh mall arrives, our
subscribers in that county ought to receive the
paper tbe day aftar its date, instead of a week
thereafter. This is in explanation of complaints
to us on the subject.
It is said some six thousand prisoners, ta
ken in the recent fights in Virginia, have pass
ed through Danville for the prisons South.
The Emperor Maximilian was at Havana
ou the 14th inst., en route for Mexico, and has
probably reached Vera Cruz before this. Mr.
Preston, Minister of tbe Confederate Stales to
Mexico, was also there at that date, awaiting
he departuae of the Emperor.
Genera! Bragg and tbe Evacuation oft
Petersburg. j
The Petersburg Express of Mond ir. says j
' u.oh order ever emanated from him; but ihere
were others, wbn without reflection. Ml into
the current of public clamor, which bad been
so unceasingly agitated, and declared that it
was nothing more than they had expected
from Gen.' Bragg- and only confirmed what
tbey had heard several days previ is. We
did not believe it, because we knew Gen.
Bragg to possess more than ordinary military
ability, and such an order, the merest tyro in
military affairs must have perceived at a
I glance, would not only have greatly imperiled
our cause, but also have resulted in the fall of
Richmond. Such a fate would have been in
evitable, and we take it for granted that no
unprejudiced mind can believe Gen. Bragg
cabable ot committing such a military blun. J
der. But if proof be needed to refute this
silly and uujust charge against Gen. Biagg, it
is atJiand. We have seen a letter from Gen
B., in which he ridicules the thought, and says
such a report is not only without the slightest
foundation in fact, but must have been started
solely for the purpose of slander and detrac
tion. We have also before us a letter from
Maj. Gen. Robert RansonT, Jr., a gentleman
and an officer well known in Petersburg.
Gen. R. assumes voluntari y the task of refut
ing so unjust and uncalled for achargc against
Gen. Bragg, and it will be seen that his letter
is dated anterior to the llichmmd Enquirer's
publication. He boars cheerful and willing
testimony to the utrceasiug efforts of General
Bragg to protect Petersburg and keepopr-n the
line of communication between Richmond and
this city, and forever puts at rest, we hope,
this last attempt of Gen. Brigg'a enemies to
disparage his merits as a soldier and a pat
riot. Tuc following ij a copy of Gen. Ran
som's letter :
coi'V
Hkadquautek's Dkpautmknt
Kichrnoud. May 26, 1864.
Gen'l Braxton Bragy. Richnvmd:
Gexkkal To-day I h ard a report couuij
from IVtersburjr, to the effect that yu hud
orders I .the evacuation of that place when it
was threatened few weeks since by the ene
my. I nt once flatly contradicted the report,
ai.d state 1 what were the facts that to my
knowledge cv ry effort was made by you to
hold it, and to keep open cotnmiuication with
Ihe city. Ha good's Bnade, which hul Vcn
ordered to Pre wry 's 'Bluff, was set.t to Port
Walthall Junction, and Johnson's Brigad of
my command, was hurried to the same o'ut,
to hold the Rtilmad, and cover Petersburg
from attack. The most positive orders were
given, and bing constantly with you, and
conferring abutit the defence of both this
city and Petersburg, you can appreciate my
surprise at hearing the report above alluded
to, when I had heard or iers scut w: ieh 1ml
aneyesing'e to the defences , of Petersburg
and keeping opeu communication between
there aud the Army of Northern Virginia.
Whence have emanate! these groundVss ru
morE? I am at a loss to know. Certainly,
either from the imagination of those wholly
ignorant of the facts, or else frmn those, who;
from malioo, wish to ir.jiirc men who have
faithfully served our country and watched its
best interests. If it should become necessary
to refute falsehood, y oil cu ue this as you
may se fit.
Very respect fully,
Your obedient servant,
(SiguedJ R. Uansom, Jit.,
Major General.
And in further vindication of Gen. Bragg
from the malicious assaults of enemies, whse
reasons and motives we might particularize
to their shame, the Richmond Sentinel has the
following thorough refutation of tbe Enqui
rer's article. After speaking of a recent at
tack made upon Geu. Bragg in Congress, the
Sentiwl says :
Tho accusations against Gen. Bragg are of
two classes those which affect his military
conduct prior to his appointment to bit pre
sent position, and those which apply to his
conduct since. Under both heads he has been
most violently assailed. A city cotcmporary,
whose arraignment covers the whole of his
rrdlitary career, charges him with "all that is
gloomy in the past history of the war," and
declares that ' his promotion to Richmond
aggravated the evils that had 'grown out of
his retention in command in the West." It is
not part of our purpose to go into the military
transactions referred to in the above, and con
cerning which those who have had the best )
opportunities ror iniormarion wiaeiy uiaer.
Gen. Bragg must stand or fall by the record.
But it is fair to contrast with that condemna
tion of his appointment here which we have
just quoted, the remarks of the same cotempo
rary at the time that appointment was made.
Did partiality then hold tbe rein, or does pas
sion now ? W o quote from the Enquirer of
February 25th:
' Gen. Bragg has been assigned to duty in
Richmond as consulting and advisory Gener
al. We regard the -appointment as one very
proper, and believe that it will conduce to the
ad vanceroent and promotion of the cause. Gen.
Bragg has unquestionable abilities, which
eminently fit him for such a responsible posi
tion. Tbe country will be pleased to see his
experience and information made use of by
the President. His patriotism and zeal for
the public service are fully recognized and
appreciated by his countrvmen. The duties
of the Commander-in-ChW, who, under the
ConstUutioo, ean be no other than the Presi
dent, are anat afdn na, and require mueh u j
and asisHUne well as ability a id t-xpri"r:f . :
Gen. Bragg ha acquire 1. by Ion j.-..,
thai practical ex peri nee tneewv to the ii- ,
it ion tr which he is Hs!irn d by the G -neral ;
OnW published i.,i t-rday' Enquirer.
An erroneous iprsi w obtame ax i the j
nrilPA nf fhi. inn iinlin nt ,.f O.n ! II .
H not and cutnot b. Command r in-Chief,
The C institution of the Cmfrdertta State
rikntbAPr?a'Jenii th C 'raHi4"7n Chief.
Le nor Johnston, it cannot roromftnd rdireet
them, except ':by comoinod of the rfid-nt.
His appointment has heeti raide wirh the know
ledge and approval of Gns. Cooper. Le, John,
ston, and Beauregard, all hi superior In rank,
who, knowing andnpp-eciating the usfalnM
and ability of Jen. Ilia g, concur in hi appoint,
nient by tbe President."
If the appointment, notwithstanding General
Bragg's "gloomy" antecedents, was "very pro
per," and conducive to the advancement and
promotion of the cattse; if he had "unquestion
able abilities, which eminently fit him for such
a responsible position ;" if the pleasure of the
c antry at the appointment was then guaran
tied ; if the office itself was necessary, indeed
essential ; if his appointment-was mde with
the "knowledge and approval of Gens Cooper,
Lee, Johnston and Beauregard," all of whom
endorsed and concurred in it surely, all ob
jections to General Bragg's antecedent, n? un
fitting him fn the position, are nw obsolete.
Our inquiries are, therefore, confined to his
conduct since he has filled bis present position.
And, indeed, if half be true that is allege I by
our cotemporary respecting thi. we should
john to tbe full in the severity of its censures.
It alleges that General Bragg give an "order
for the evacuation of Petersburg," and that it
was "offered to the enemy." We are informed,
on inquiry, and are authorized to affirm, that
this allegation is, in form and substanc, a to
tal error. Our sister city was consigned to no
such fate. It is also alleged that Gencm!
Barton was relieved or suspended from duty
by General Bragg, General Ransom has volun
teered a denial of this. He says it w:i his act,
and that General Bragg had n thing whatev-r
to.do with it. We are likewise assured th:t
the various other imputations and insinuations
which have been uttered in various quarters to
the disparagement of General Brags's conduct '
of late operations," are equally unfounded, as
the records will demonstrate, and as milit
readily be proved if the interests of the pu'.lic
service would admit of the necessary dis
closures. Persons who are de-ir ms to do jus
tice, will be the more disposed to accept this
assurance from the fact that the allegations now
referred to are not made with a whit more of
confidence and directness than those which
nave above received full, unequivocal and em
phatic contradiction.
Cavalry Engagement.
There wa- a heavy cavalry en gag tn nt I
on Sittudav t ..r : v.w JIaws' shop. n th
road frm Mc-hauiaiville to 11 vioverr.-ivn.
ubout sev it mile- bey n id th, fortuir p!re;
and five mile.- tl.is i-iue of the httt-r. The :
enemy's c ival-y wt;t in great hlrtiilh, nor
were wo uufscJve dclHenl. O.i both id -s '
th troops dis'u ui'ited I. r the fight. !
Tbe enemy's skirmish rs were sui t'v dm .
en in, hu d by a o'wge from our Hue his
troops wimp dU'odged fr-tn the c- v.r unlet-.;
which h y shelrcrel. wfveh was tiken pes- t
Srsiou oi ty ur me-n. Tn ret attempts wer ;
made by thi enemy t ryjover the position I
lo:.', but every assault was repulsed. The
fig'it c 'Tiinio ice 1 about nine o'clock in the j
morning, arid listed until about half pa?t four, f
when Warren' (Fifth) corps of infantry wr x
sent by Grant t tin support of his cavalry- !
mux. O ir cavalrymen thereupon fell b tck ;
ab mt a mile, and rook position on a envk
where they were nut f Mowed. Oar retreat
was undhr go k1 cover, and i believed 'o have :
been mado with 'tit loss. j
The fronts on our side were commanded ;
by Gen.' Wade Hampton, who put in the j
troop m igo.hccntly. Our soldiers fought
with exoutplary coolness and hptrtt, and must
have indicted very heavy Ks ou the enemy.
As ati illustratiou ot the severity of the c m
bat and the character of the fighting, a soldi r
who had fired forty cartvi ig. did not fire
one without seeing ids man, and-taking coj!
aim at him.
The ubjvct of t e enemy's cavalry was prob
ably to mask tho movements of Grant's in
fantry behind them ; but theinanuer in which
they were defeated .and driven by pur caval
rymen, compelled Grant to show his other
force.
We a're indebted for the loregoiog par'-icu-lars
to several participants io tho fight.
The battle was a heavy one, and the loss
( considerable on both side.
latkr--position of grant's armt.
An official dispacth, received last evtniug.
is totheeffrcr that the enemy are in front of
Atlee's. The position of tho confronting armies
renders it probable that a general engagement
Will take place very soon.
Near Hawes' shop, about fife miles from
Richmond, on the Central railroad Fit Lee's
cavalry drove the enemy's cavalry back upon
their infantry, reported by prisoners to be th
6th and 6th corps when our cavalry retired,
without being followed. It was understood
that this movement Was simply a reconnaissance
to discover the position of the enemy's iotentry.
Between one and two hundred prifosera, csost
of whom were captured in the abows Jm, ar
rived in Richmond yesterday .-Sentinel
For the Ceservatl?e.
Sometimes individual acts of fsstry
occur on the battle-field, which ought oct to
be allowe to sink into oblivion. TbefoUarr
ing is an instance: Duriug the fiit of Cs
Wilderness, Sergeant John D. Sbeariny O.
B, 30th N. C. T., eager to drive tbe ruthless
invader from cur soil, rushed in frcst of his
company and called to tbe men to foUao V"
and he was last seen in front of tha cecspany,
gun in one hand and hat in the other sheudog
to the men to follow him. Unfortunately he
went too far and was captured by the eoeay.
We wantVmen to lead oar men, and with
sue r i will be iarmcibl T
FromTh'jallkt.A gentleman just frota J
the Valley reports that the enemy had advan
eed as far as Kdtabargh, in Cheoaasah county,
about twelve miles belatsr Hew Market Their
force was not known. '
' Arajr liens.
Nival ExOAjuruicvT A crr,pndent f
tho Houston (T.xa) Tdjmph. write fr m
Matagorda, tb u n the l i'h ult., the F lc
gunboats Alahimt an I K telle, attacked the
C. S. gunboat 4. F. Crad aftf fibt
f nenrs aod a half, were si?u dly rrpuU A
r The AUini w ti ttrwk bel.i
ine tHX pJrt aide, an I reorod in x ,uV g
,. .
! C(nllt,un-
Fitfi . Wm ru; B arrs k F..rr.t. TUe
Mobile AlcC'tiner ,nvl fitUkr, id the 1! b,
has a letter fnm Tnpnlrf, dded tht I'O.h,
which oen n f, tnv:
Gei. Frrc?t is again at the bead fhm
legions. We shall iot Ktoj remain ium-iiv.
Tse pi in of the !hp igu, s far an we nre
connected with it, hs imc been divulged.
Meu and horses are Trfreehcd and ready fr
any expedition which the ind judgment of
Forrest commends.
From Tupelo, freest would have about
150 to 'J00 miles to march to co-operate ef
ficiently with Johnston against Sherman, and
it is the general impressi in that he is to-day
in the rear of the latter. If so, we may be
sure that the race for the Ohio river mill be
commenced in a very fhorttime.
Rki'outf.d Crrt'KR or Sieamkrs. It a
rep tiled, nays tho Wi'mingUtn Jonrnal of the
20th, thu the blm.kde running rt earners
Minnie And young fiytublic, b ive been cap
tured off Cape Fear, outward bound.
Am. Gone. The Ca.trlottsvjtle Chronicle.
of Thursda', nays that citiz-ns from O.ai.ge
Courthousn, report that there are uo Yank
in Culpeper rtturry.
An Appeal not to bo Disregarded.
'Fi.n f.l.oAitig letter U from ' a fady of this
iSia'e now in Richmond, aud wht vvhoic.ul
is eul sted iu atten iing to the watd f tho
still ritig s ns of N -nh Candina in the h spi
t ils of tliat city. Wo foel con 6 lent th ti the
will not appeal in vain ?o the wie, mithcr,
fisters and all other relatives aid friends, to
sen 1 ou such articles of comfort an 1 necessity
a are in lipcnsabjy r qnistto fo. tin welfare
of their kinsman and neighbors languishing
irutu wouuds and siok less. Let the .1pp3.1l 1 w
promptly and generously reap ndo 1 t . m l
ley this means a manifest itiou of an ap:re-
i tti hi of tho t-ervices at tl interest of tl i I idv
b made, that will Ik most consonatit wiiii her
patriotic, iK-nerotetit beajt :
Cii:mu v.r. IIo pitm. Kichmoml, May I'l.
Jt".s.is EJitom; I am sur you ill 1 xcu
iny tnotbling )ou wiien ymi k'tv hi I
write. Feeling anzi tus rbut my t 1 1.
Statesmen who are :t the hocpiial uttniji
WiiieJer, I ccopted the proposal of n gentle
man tn drive tne there t w mtriiin. thir
.-oldi'.is are qtrte cit iru table, and 1 beiliev
hive gotl r.rwliea! attrition ol course I
C 'll'd l ot j'ldgtj of th.it. You know the ho
I i als a'-e now filled with w.i.uidci, unuy of
tir in sufferins very iiiu-li, nxosarily. JIv
object in writing: to ou is to k yo'i to write
an a 1 tide f r The llnftdrftte, inking tor
contril nti-i s of t-us, butter, Vc, to Itew oi
frm our Mate U r Ihe be, tn ! Nuith l'.r
olif.i Mddierr at Cnr.ip Winder.
Tt i-t In spital is appropriitcd tt th'in. tl
1 le mil th re m.iny in other hospitals. I
mmmI u to .say tii.i there are nutnhcr ot our
North (ai'Miis a ddier. rho hwe the udvai,.
I.igrs of ('i.unboraz . Provisions are vry
'high in Riebmoi d, and the Vir.inttns Imve
been long Uxed to hUppljr d-bcaci to the
wounded Kildiers fr tu every itatc. Diiel
fiui-.s, blackberry wii5, chitkei s, nlmoot .tiy.
thing would he acceptable. IUg arc wry
necessary, and treacle. s.ge, pvpp.r, even
pieces of el th tu covir rrutc e .
I ki ow that runny people would gl idly id
if tiny kne-'V the y. I w it told ai the
North Carolina Home, that Gv. Va'e bad
an Ht-e:it wlo came iu with supplies. 8eli a
person won 1 bring ujh things a I tiugi:est,
and they wouid come safely an i quickly .ndy'
in the crpecial care f an appointed per, n.
If you ague to writ the article, I hop it
may Ikj copied thro ighoui the S' ate, for this
i the people's war, aud no article is hum 1 1,
but it n'.ight contribute' to sootho tlwe
wh are cn'luriiig so mudi for us.
All Miink here that we are o 1 the eve of a
great battle. 1 should be rejoieej if my appl -catiou
could bring somct vti in time for iu
uecesKiiicr.
Ilxtractof a letter from a member of dpt.
Miulya Battery ti bis Father, in this city :
"I am well and eafc thus far, but much
fatigued from the last two week's exert ion
We ate now waiting for the yaukee scoundrels
to attack us again ; but obi Grant is so badly
whipped, that I do not believe be will attempt
it again unless reinforced. We have bad very
rainy weather Cor the last ten days; and
having to lay in breastwork abnothalf full of
wcter, b act very &t2ZX I never saw the
tfe ef !cad jrrrTa iaiey VJ, as there was
hc&tiv'oor biehetorCa Tb soene wae
iaocting to bebsttd. B every bstUe-field
k fcyfarsn d-ryl pen.aed wounded, and
dfir. I ts9 pr Tte&sa ahai all to
rfcrsv tstf CT'srey 1-cia sorry for them.
!rs Y&ZCTTC-Zj fcs piinad credit.
fcrUselfaod its gallant
3X '
y bedy has complimented
tha. iLKMUA us, say
US
f Csa toaa cajwt us say
Xlssly. Cauarr forever." Our lose
fmttrm mm.
Ita beta eomparativdy siaaIlona man
KUrd, recrst by Xh name of Icsiter,
wt9jesca rood a soldier-cs war had in the
C7-r, Uta da! was lariated by all
Qa est, yc3 aca, Creacbasr. was
tsrzz.l wocadsd, hci i issprovia g very
cs. VL Daen vsa chtr wemnded,
bct adsci to keep him from duty. The
balance of our boys are well and in god sptr
its. A pcrto u rur Battary hi la peaitioo,
and the other pcilion awaiaj crter. AU
the Ralei-h boys are asfs. . - - .
The writer of iba absta is a mere lad,
hut hca ibe heart aad fcsrcir cf an old
veteran. With an arsry coopered of such
boys, ws east ccsquer.