THE INNER STRENGTH.
The value of health?
’Tis worth far more
Than caskets of jewels
And millions in store.
More priceless than all,
That men seek to gain
By sweat of the brow
And bodily pain.
And yet, if the soul
Os a toiler is strong,
It matters but little
What else may be wrong,
The weakest arm may
Be brave and reliant,
A feeble frame hold
The heart of a giant.
—Paul Cook.
R
CLEANING A STATE.
(The New York American.)
It was to be expected that the peo
ple of South Dakota would weary,
after a while, of having their state fa
mous for the divorces granted within
I its borders. The old-fashioned notion
about taking a husband or wife for bet
ter or for worse still prevails very
generally throughout this country, and
the advertising South Dakota receiv
ed because it supplied easy divorces
devotees of the trial-marriage plan
I'ured for it a reputation that was
pt to the liking of its citizens.
, South Dakota has not only rid itself
f an evil name, but it has set an ex
ellent example to sister common
ealths. If New Jersey, following the
;ad of the western state, will now
roceed to make it known to the world
nat Jersey trusts will be as much a
hing of the past as Dakota divorces,
he entire country will benefit richly.
•t
SOCIALISM IS UTOPIAN.
(Dr. D. J. Stafford, Catholic.) ..
“If it be the tenet of socialism that
avery man should have the wherewith
for the fullest development of his tal
ents and gifts, that development of
gifts and talents, different in them
selves, will necessarily make the in
dividual unequal. A state of individ
ual equality, then, is neither possible
nor desirable.
“What is the use of dreaming of
Utopias and thinking of conditions
that can never be realized? The thing
to do is to make the most of the pres
ent, develop the good that is in it; de
stroy the evil; and this is the only
possible way to bring about a better
condition for the future. Most les
sons of history have been learned only
in suffering. Woe to the world if we
must repeat the experience!”
HOODOO NUMBERS.
(The New York Herald.)
Wilmington, Delaware, produced the
inampion thirteen story. Francis E.
Oavis, with thirteen letters in his
lame, was arrested by Patrolman
Francis G. Green (ditto) at thirteen
ninutes past 10 on January 13, the
:all going in from box No. 13. At
hirteen minutes past 9 the next day
ie was arraigned before Edwin R.
Jochran (thirteen letters again), and
tis fine and costs totaled exactly >l3.
Miss Margaret Schidu, of Cleveland,
>n August 23, sent invitations to twen
y-three friends to attend her twenty
hird birthday, September 23, at 23
ilast Twenty-third street. An orches
ra of twenty-three pieces discoursed
;wenty-three dances from behind twen
ty-three palms.
The other hoodoo digits came up
twice in April, once when a Baltimore
larky was arrested for stealing thir
teen chickens, and again at St. Louis,
where a baseball “fan” fell dead of
leart disease during the thirteenth in
ilng of the St. Louis-Pittsburg game.
IT’S STILL “EXPECTED.”
(The Louisville Courier-Journal.)
“It is expected that the president
will say something in his next mes
sage about the tariff,” says a corre
spondent. It was expected in 1905,
and in 1906, but in 1907?
NOT IN THE SAME CLASS.
(The Richmond Times-Dispatch.)
A vindicated senator, however, is
not altogether in the same class with
one who has never required any vin
dication.
R
Where Law Didn't Protect.
Joaquin Miller, the poet of the Sier
ras, in an address in Oakland, attacked
the trusts.
“What if their sins are legal?” he
added. “They are sins, none the less,
and I wish, when trusts sin legally,
we could prevent the law from pro
tecting them, I wish, in short we could
all act as one of our Oakland farmers
did last year.
“He, one day last year, found a score
of men putting up telephone poles all
over his best field. He ordered the men
away, but they wouldn’t go. They
showed him a paper that gave them
authority to put up their poles wher
ever they wished.
“The old man looked at the paper,
saw it was lawful, walked away in si
lence. He went to the barn and turned
a savage red bull into the field.
“The bull made for the men, the men
fled at top speed, and the farmer
shouted after them:
“ ‘Show him your paper! Show him
your paper!’”
Brother Jeffersonian, Get up a Club and send it in at once.
imiiiiiiiiiiiiii in uiiiniiiii-m«iiimTiiTrOT»ii^^ —
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
ATLANTA, GA.
Editors Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send your paper to the following names and addresses as indicated:
NAMES POST OFFICE STATE |R.F. D. TIME AMOUNT
e
•••••••• ••••••••••••• *
Total Amount of Subscriptions-Dollars
Name of Agent
Post Office-
•
Route- State—
Kindly'Address.Your Letters to the Paper, Not to Individuals. This Will Insure You Prompt Service.
Write Name and Address Plainly.
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
DR. W. M. PITTS' fa*
ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR
The Greatest Family Medicine
Dr. W. M. Pitta, who, as the originator of Pitta’ Carminative, has
been a benefactor to tired mothers and suffering babes, after a rue
cessful practice of Fifty Years, now offers to the public his Greatest
Combination of Medicines In PITTS’ ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is
a great scientific medicine. Although new to the people, it is a great com
bination of health-giving medicines, and cures when all else fails. It puri
fies the blood, stimulates the action of the liver, bowels, and kidneys, there
by removing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from the whole system,
to aid nature in her work of restoring perfect health. It tones up the
stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing in the cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. The nervous system is restored to its normal
condition, and many of the most serious ailments — such as sleeplessness,
heart trouble and the like—yield to the healing virtues of the Invigorater.
In fact, it acts on. every organ of the body, thereby curing nearly all the
different diseases of this age. Every drop of blood is affected and puri
fied by its use. The blood is the life, therefore if you get the blood pure,
all parts of the entire system will be brought under its powerful heal
ing influences. Antiseptic Invigerator is rightly named, and it is one
of the greatest germ killers and invigorating tonios now on the market
For sale and GUARANTEED By all Druggists. Price ile and 9LM
per bottle. If your Druggist don’t keep it and will not get it ter you we
will send IL express prepaid, on receipt of price.
Pitts’Antiseptic Invigorator Co.
Thomson, Georgia.
15