Tli LJ tVJl L til U it A i I is
. I
WKllN'KSIUY. MAttCSM,- ISfS
which
remove. i.Jt urr i;r ept-u-
der e? of the u n: it.'iMcy '- 1 ' w
- . - i J . !.... ... I -i V., t..v
wp th not : r a iu;t;et
jar; unltts tiiivuli
.Vf ti.tjc: til
...iw. .
system, at.d f military stem, wicked and
weak men A e allowed
v,.l fn ( -!(r.V ti c liW'v-ltV
cf the iv
there ha
V, i
h"n tki
ist few
!.!?
t
. . .. .1. . ,!,.n,.N. it.
. .1 . 1 .. iltunf inn 4'.-nr
S.i';CC
a:d
r-an;c, ouft:sV, dis rder, d.T.akt t-nrss
iivit, iiwr -. en i-v.iiVred tj occur ai d i! tlidr
rork of demoralization, U soaroejet trhln-d?a-)c-c.
' Am-ng the most ir.e xcm'ahie vi-da-tiotVs
cf duty tint a mWory f::-rr can be
.-ulltv of. i., to give way to it:?: x ca -ion, at a
time '.i.ta te is j ut upon i;i:,:.ft iit duty la
1 1 1 o rcuntiy' tfirvi-p. .Sucli a breach of tiiil
itrv oli-i-ftt -r is di.V.T.i L; f r iv aT.y r-s -ns
r n.r; rr.orc than ta-.'
-'.!KpM t, ' n'ii? c'i:ti.e c .
t ir.en. wr.o
yet anv v,.l - on thr ers nal ob!i.-atitiis to
social v. cvi s-f. Pve vaX. w
are ui t'r'y at a
Wo iio n t tx?-cct anything
lOS tO O il
of men.
vvno aro dt U'raUly .'.gainst, tiii
v:b a n an ai is engafd daiiy
in ex -' rating our evi.s, in covertly point
ing l!ie u.en,y tLe v, v; to i-uccr-ss, such a
mm as ; constat ly bir;dr-rii every ef
r rc t avf il P'.M e c -i fi-ie.-c-, to stim
u:;.:e i:j;i:'ir un.:ipiiy. and promote lair
cubic a .d uo ui aonon. Thrse are base
tn-ut i ire:n, torie wla, coonsvl iheneu
der -! to-c ivory -ubM.is-i .u to ilv) et.cnjy,
rr. cmat'.on of self government, and Ui3
lf! 'O.LI.V.CO -Ot
f the Y'ke. Th'jre are o'her
men -e Vu and f o' s . tr.ou-b t brieve thai
...JiV.Mr.dir.T the desradii.g terms
ri cd i.v onr r "
theve ii v t a c'tiat ee cd
suri.7 sou:thiivj if nuUoirr ,mlUberhjt at
savii
7
peopV do wo xp ci ai.y thnm. itn regard
totbe former i-ur opi. ions are lor- sii.ee
kranvn. We have 1-tig tince cwsod to argue
with then, anl it ir.ay be our lot t bs
cruobi-d i.y them, but if the evil flay tver
G come, it will be Wcao t.ur govern
moutNxcuM eevt-r trcise power, a; d oar
military would cevt-r take r-o.. risibility.
Tbo have U-cn content to Miibr enemies at
hon:e, io Mrk be ruin Ui it tl.oss arrayed
air,:-t ti.ctu in -.c fu-U em'ti never' accom
plish. V'.; d n-,: u;:dersr.! d the pbito.-ophy
ol it. I? i ryot gov. rwinnnt opposed
' ti vuv ii oii 'o-of t 11 S"Lc. If tcis cause
of country , 1 -b-.r y s nd life, w ere u the
stru.ieand worth swii g, it was worth
saving at n hazards by every Sicritic,?, it
was worth m:iintai..if;g by force of arn;s,
when rcj.son failed aain.t all opposed,
whether forttal in the' ranks of Lincoln or
under the cover of our own citizenship.
Thes-J have always been cur sentiment.-'. We
have bad but a limited opportinity of saving
the country and arc not under heavy obiiga-
t . t f.-ii- fvivor or iaslicf. but our hart
j in thp t i?r,. i!(C !U e it
- 1
Of Oil"
wfi buvc ut-
tJid, we art- pvepan d tu t-t iud r hdl, what
ever may bf the ;s: Ul'.
Ti:is t,at;..n has presented frn the. brg:u-
2),ny tr.t UUV.K-0 an.i rf.l UHOl - . jipraiuuee- wi
puca:'ir.! in reorta! trife
.i.d limiting itself
'-..,. MtM .-.tii it -s-h "U;d tniph'y to prosecute
it... In t e very inbiiable opinions whTch we
ha" a'!otte.! to Jir.v, we have furnish-.d
venous where with to defeat us.
- It' wo h..Id b irrochuinaily b:st, it will be
the sUiianvko s felly of that . p-jUey which
.l - - . .1 - .
allow eo. prosit. on to lorive aiai prupr a
li me. w Li.-- th-.- bra
soui; :r:
were koaug
1 "
aiter the enerav in the
field.
I am ari old ni sr;. 1 was taught by my
cvtU'r wi ;n a child that I was born a free
ti;;i: ; I a t o o'd to render my conntry much
servhv in th' i! d-t, but whatever I bavo is at
her comaiand. O.x- of n:y tve? has fr-red a
libation to l.bjity v. '.tli bis blovd I can have
r.o motive to deceive -my full ;w-citizeas, in
ubrt I fha',1 s y, iv I shall s -en Lave lo ren
der my account to ny God."
Tno above w.s the irnpre.-sive opening of
n speech ny ' ' di.stinguisln i atul lanorable
citizen, at a late pa! riot:; fi'cttirg in Ciodh-rn.
The t-pe;.!:-. r has l, eu a public man ia North
Carolina lor mary xeai? ; of f tuinect peVit'n n
in ti c circle of the law and p- litics. He has
cow reached an ;.dvai ced criod of life, but
not t o old to lend a voice, and an eloquent
voice, in advocacy of the cause of irecdom. The
rnothtr who taught hmi that be " was b.;rn a
fre'toan
:.d
If been i nbue-.l with the
bpirit of liberty, naid six'-.es bke cans. Mr.
llugti Wa.idle, to whom ve nre alluding, is
oi" Tc-.olutior.ary. dese cut atd, by c- nnection,
arSociaojo rvitl. the most galiar.t detVnde: s of
th- revoiuiion of '70. It is the old b!o.)d
the pure, red blood of courage ai d valor, which
stirs in the vtin, atuUpmks out i: the simple
cn 1 eloquent words, whatever I lave is a
my country s c-unmd. One of rr.y sons, has
cflered a libafon to liberty with his blood."
"When Mich men, s' finding on the brink of the
grave, peking f:ot for themselves but for
pusteii:y, tbe pc-pie may w.ll know that they
have lo moiives to deceive them. . Oh, that
our countrymen ftou'd hiar the voice of coun
sel and wi-dom from such men ; then would
th? n fal fate which threatens cur country,
Ircm 1 er mvri j ej'le be aresteJ, and our chi:
dren savd from the misery ai d degradation
which base and i-iobie cowardice aod treason
wcu d surrender them to.
Let those who heard the f.dthful discription
given by Mr. Waddell, of the destmy of Lt
nationalities, ponder we.I the narrative, and
they who tid not hear bim,Jet them read the.
history of Poland, Iielaod, Hungary; Venice
and of all tatrons who Kxcumb to an kvader.
Ttv 7wide lapse, an Uhecrithr. .gh.- sassion of l.iL-'sla'ure. now b-jrg held. We 1
WH hWo:re'i.W.:.2. will be -f pent.' And gave a synapsis of it yesterday., it is essen-j
U " Vr, --phorc -ill 1.3 all the Winter 0,r the work of a dLdracted brain, or tfce j
h03 diovercd r.unv weak. proiuCUon of kna7ety,or both. J.
thesii-r.i.. , - - As a rhodomc.ntaie of Uliious splenetic
nesscsY-noh c.nco.r. ..i, ai jr n.2a;t.st tllC Preside! and the Oonfed-r-
rmde by that, raot csnsunaate niakrr-oV.nis
chief, Gov. Joe Brown, of ueorgi. It appears
i:: a tD-srag.rl:itely sent by h m to the called
ate Govercut-ut, itnngat be Larn-le's, acd
would be vfcrtliy cf but coe sentiment c5n
tcnipt; tut as a f.re-brr.rd cf mischV-f, fall cf
bad counsel, it decrvea tV.e ;u l.gyaid reproba
ticn of-tbe country.
The soldiers frcia Gc rgia ml'.l scout td dis
pisv; it; ai'd ;t? auth- v will ive only ia hatred
eftho.-e who love hj;r couMtry'. Who it this,
who a.-sumes to utnounet, in such low and
valvar d:h-(,t, t!w O d?f Magistrate of the
Confederacy. It is true he if the Governor of
Oc r 'i. ....Dut it'is no less tr"u?, thit he is Jo
lir.in. Let us corarc-Jos Erowa an 1 Jcf
ft rs n D-tif.
The 1 t!er wai called by his . countr; men to i
thr first p'ic-Uion in ths land, without solicita
tion, ucd w:is re elected with unanimity. -And
no rr'ca Las ytt dec!-red, who else could. Lave
filled bi place. He left th? quiet of lwme ; the
comforts a- d tranuiliity cf an aople fortune.
He turuf-d iiis tack on Lis possessions. Not
seeking to ir create his ro"sessior7S, he was con
tent to saor.fioe tiiein, until his all of wealth,
and home, ana fortun-3 h'ive been lost. In the !
largeness of his sou', a'-d the grt-ataess fef a
patr'-otic hr;ir,-he has submitted t" tbe sacri
fice vrithtful a uiurmer. Bending all the ener
gies of his nature ; devoting all his t'rhe, and
his great itiU-ilect, to the migbt3' 'j-truggle,
he has forgotteu self in the cause of national
iud-epetdecce.. JiroUes ;n health, -ffith a frame
wtra and exh tusttd, emaciated by suffering;
nevertheless, the li;it of his powerful rrdnd ir-ra-iiaes
fill it t yuc'ie3, and from its brilliant
corruscatiens, fcave been reflected throughout
Europe the genuine lustre of our cause ; and
all the world look? with profound respect on
our rcprt'seaiarivs hi-ad. "
"Look on that p'H'e and then on rhis."
The o!.h:r Gov. J,w -13 r wt; has i icri
fietd no" fortur.p ; hut by his own confession
l-.as f pecu'a'ed avA aec:.-. raid ated it. And be
yeaul doubt, i s so s-ecured it, that like to
his coll.rds aw 1 bacon at Milledgeville he
will be a'e, no rnatt- r-what ''goes up the
spout"
Who, of all his fo 1 iwei s. cw tell of any
f&crifice v.bih ho h: s mad.. ? He was a
brawling secessh nist. Anions thu foremost
to carry Ge-rg5 out; &n i fo-m that day to.
this, h b.ts be n a crss:ga'i)ed, ilf contrived
pi .iter, and maker of rni.-chicf. It was he
who disturbed .h? poj ular hxrmony in (J.or
g;a ; who discontci.te 1 the p -opls? ; who t-ct
them at vaiimce with the Go -ernment ; who
interposed d:fihmities in the enforcement of
the laws tor the H(rn:i.''i,ir! f the nrmips
wh threw obstacles in the way .f provision
ing then. He it was, who, by his coursd,
and its effect cn the people, iuvitei Sb-r-man
to Georgia, and gave him a safe conduct
throuali her. A: d, it is he m di ly, who is
respen ib!c fjr the pree :t demoralize 1 cm
diti.n in her people. And, if h"s ah-urd
and f .'ol hardy . rocomnicndatbus are earned
out, ibe at-id misery which he will cidail
noon his country, will be vx'e sle enoagh
to gratify th 2 most audacious a-spuaat for
infamy. "
The public, look in 2: upon his course, have
distinctly 1 cached the conclusion that, hy th'";'
extraordinary ff-adcrof IV'1. ly, everything is
viewed with reference to its supposed bearing
upon the pi ess peels of Joe. Brown.
Presid' nt Davis w id nev.'r sufrV-r da rsnge
fr m onslaught from this quarter. When
his ory writes the deeds of both, ''Brown (in
the language of a Celebrated. farce) icill be no-
ichcre.
Keeping Cotton Fr- m the Enemy.
Th? Richnuind St n tin el says ;
It. ought to ho an el j--: t ' f prime concern
to pro.vent, eiiic bv rc.-noval or d est ruction,
the. falling of a pound of cotton it. to their
h ..-. el. Fur s vni'-r sheuld we allow them to
c-ipturv munhiors of war f. r wi pe thes
would be indeed a convenience to them, yot
ton is a "necessity, and is daily becoadng more
iiitonsf lv s:. .
To b. fil i t.be enemy is a principal duy ? f
war. To deprive or disappoint him o.f what
ever w( u d add to 1 hs convenience e-r scrength
is'iin obvious policy. There is nothinr which
our has now so much des-ie, - end so urge--rly
n e l, at d no'hin v.hi!i we can io easily
hinder them from ottaioii-g. as cotton. In
pr p rtioti to va !. it is ie;ulily removed.
When it e ir.n.it be remove I, it may be very
c-atily bur: e 1. Thecr s.'S inu-t-be very rre
whrn or.c tuell.oJ or ti e ihcr -is not in our
p wr r
In short, the time Ins come when cotton is
in tac, a row because a pr-sino necessity,
b d; ia Yankeel.jiid a-d in Europe.
Th re are no roierty censidt rations which
rationally iutcrfV;re with, the' destu.:tiou of
C(itt:!i that c-:u.rei be rt moved. It is as much
tlebtrojedio the owner when it falls, witt.in
tbe jeach of the Yankees as if if had been
given to the ilmts Ln'oln's necessities
m Ice him lap'.ei us for cotton. Even that
which b Ion ced to foreigners at Savannah
wan s ed hke the ret, w.thout hesitation or
f-crupe. Win-ii cotton cinnot be removed
withiu cur lints, tbe only qutstion is, shall
we leave it f . r the I entfit bt cur Enemies, or
shall we burn it ? To aidi the question is to
answer it. But it is mcorsa'y to be deeply
in tatLesf in (Ids rro t'er. e" mist make it
a cardinal policy, and wo must sacrifice de-iiiqatnt-
pr mpr!y ai d sternly, until it is
diiigtntly and faithfu ly executed.
Some premonitory symptoms f appfoach
iui; financial trouble have already manifested
therrselvts in Enlmd ; and woe be to the
-Yankees when the convulsion shall reach their
.-hons. No country on earth was eer ia a
condition so unfavorable a3 the North for en
countering a financial storei. They have
built upon the treacherous frauds of credit the
ni. st stureuduous paper structure which
the world ever beheld, and whca the ra ns
descer d and the floods "come great will be the
fail thereof. Examiner.
Intcrestinq t Pristers' Devil'. A'Bos
ton newfphper -earner recently r covered four
hundreJ'doilars of a man whoie dog bit hini
while leaving his paper.
Sat Enough 'of It. .
It seems that Lu cqIm l.as uot had enough
of "pesca n0gotiati)n.,, Ha wishes to -see
the liichmv-nd party" again. I t is low sta
ted 'bat General Single-ion r.nd Judjfe Hughes
are ot; tbetr way. fb Richmond, with fail past:
pirtsaud another "God bks3 'you Hnptpr."
Weil, Itt ll.eai come, s.y we. 4iUuclc JeLf"
will receive tham. Ntbody wants peace
in this lar.d more tlnn l"e dfes; and nobody
be sure to get the ri.ght ori of peace,
more -thin he will. -
Ibit, "sorr'.hing's 2f3 at."' The war rreet
ir gs ; the earnest teizcre by Congrpss'of the
n?gro questiori ; the stcu, and detertr-iaed
and h digrjant rejection, by our people, of the
terms offered, have waked a thv ught or two
among- bis people, which the p?esidcntial
j k-r did not antLipate. He finds the pmlic
j urcuis gloomy and d icoa tented ; the peo
ple disappninte l ; the draft hanging fire en
b3trn nts urobtainable, either byr he-avy bnun
ties or extensive drggisrp. Paddy, and ' te
Deu'eh, ' won't driok even water now on
William S'r et, unhss the Yr kee recruiting
'par y"' driiks firfct, and drirks half; and in
one or two cases .under this confidence system,
. it. wos tlie cfllcer vrhfi has been enlisted ; and
the thing is dropping through. Behind and
beyond this, there ar persons eudeaviring to
negotiate- peace with Ilr. Adams confiden
tially.'&X,' nt which Seward sptke in his la.-t
dispa'ch. Confidential negotiations which
Adams knows all about. Perhaps they are as J
pressing as they are confidential. Evidently
Lineodn and Seward, and the whole Yankee
nation, are uneasy in their reir. Something
is sticking in them which we don't see. So,
it is altogether prohuble that Singleton and
Hughes may be on their way out aain,"to
.come into our lines. Now is tie time for us
to s md tfsfirF as steelyards'' to "kep a
Ft'iT upper lip" to rally to the standavd
present a h -Id front. Defiance urdted ex
termination is our trump card. If Congress
were to pass the b !dest measures ; take the
f00,t 00 ncgroas j add tD these; for a reserve,
300,000 more ; call upa the people to bi iog
tem up; and.pl.' on- the taxes; and the
people -all the people were to say, amen,
there is no telling the wonderful effect such a
spirit would have on the universal Yankee
nation. .
For the Confederate.
Ptsbiiie Meeting in Granville County.
1 1 is Excellency, th Governor of North
Carolina, having in h's lat i)roch.matioo, re
q nested, the ieople ' of the State to meet in
prim ry assmb:ies, tocousult. together as to
their oiry in the pros nt state of the country,
and .especially in reterer.ce to the rfirms p.ro
posed by our enemies, upon which, alone tnts
war cou d t,e enoed, and t cace restored ; the
citizens of (iranviile, residing 111 tno vicinity of
hi s atras iurk, caded a meeting, which as-f-in'oled
at that plt e 00 Wednesday, the 22 1
diy of February. J.,h. .1 kSneed E q, wa
c.iiied to the chair and Dr. A C llams ka
criosou secretary :
Tl'.e Chairman, in adverting tot ha solemnity
of the occasion, and the -1 ecrfsity of looking
"to God for direction, ca'ied upon the Ii-jv.
Edward Hints, who op,--ned the meeting with
prayer br. the bestowmcnt of thit w'sdou
which tomc'h only. rrom b vo.
Tie lb n. A. W. Yer.abb, a;'ter- a few -remarks,
u-girg union of purpi s ?, harmony and
total oblivion-ot -i-dl t-icsa ques ion of poLcy
. w h'ieh bed heretofore seeu.e l to divide u.,
ni.,-wd Jhe appointment of a cemmitteo to
prep tre t r.ire.-s fV-r the co nude rat ion of the
met ting; whicti .Wi.s adopted, and thetdibir
n.au apnoinled Dr. G. A. Wi.'s,n, 11. II.
Grave.-. Col. J S. Anns, James B. Daniel.
John W. StovaU E q , Vv ipinm M. Tar ner, anl
Isv..e II. Davis, who, aiter reiinog, returned,
and seported the h 11.. wing pieuu.bie and r-:so
du i ns, w hich w ere .urianimt.Uoly ad ipted :
Whiiieas, North Caiolina by the unani
mous 1 evolution of her Convention on tbe
20ih day of May 14561, tiid disoive all coonec
tion wi-; the government and people of the
United Statts. and by the sdemn declaration,
did pledge life, fortune and sacred honor to
the cause of frceuoui : and wherea-, tLiough
four years cf dev.'.sratir.g aticj destructive war
iaiv ti e plight' d faith of the State lias been
kp', n d men and trensuro have been freely
giv.it; : and, whereas, tti tough, ail this 'car. go
and she-.hiitig of ui st precious llo. d, brit-ging"
woe,iribulition ana sorrow o rh 'and-, the earn
estde.-iie of tr e people l..is been fur peace per
manent 'a pd honorable puce: and, whereas,
it h::s lH'W been d-ine nitrated - that i.egoda.
tan with the em my can bring us u pe-co
save tbt'tt hich is purchased' Ly igf.ominous
s ibtoisrion ai c the utter degradation and ruin
..t' our people ; therefore, -
Eesclved, That the iLStinct of self preserva
tion, a; d eutv.a d pressure, of the present
crisis, should. bind ail our people toedier iu
intliss lfil ie bonds of brotherhood, bn-ijing
forever all,past ciiffvr. ncs of opinf n in our
common eflorts for cur om mou salvation.
. Eesoltcdy Tnatwe heartily respjnd to the
patriotic sentiments of the pn clamadon of the
Governor of our State, vX whose invitation we
are met today in primary assembly.
Resolved, Thit the tiuze has now arrived
when all the et orgies of ike Southern people
'hoidd be consecrated to the cau&e of Southern
independence, and that we will be satitfie.l
with nothing short of it.
Ecsohtd, That we here mutually-pledge
our-elves tt " of pose constancy to adversity,
Hnitude to sufiViing, and courage to danger;
.with, the firm -assurance that Lie wl o gave
freedom to o'jt fathtrs, will bless the efforts cf
the' children to pus; rve it "
After the ur aaimous adoption of the pream
ble and resolutions, Col.James S. Amis, being
called upon, responded iu an eb qnent speech,
cbaracteriztid by patriotiMn and good sense;
waeu, aTter reeo utions cf thanks to the chair
man aid secretary, with the request that a
copy ot its proceeelings be iurnhdied by the
secretary, to the Conjedtrate, Conservative.
Standard and Progress, newspaper published
,in Iialeigh the meeting adj urncd with every
maniiistatien of pu pose ior an united effort
ftr the deliverance ol our coui.try acd preser
valisn bf our lo in r. ,
JOHN J. SPEED, Chairman. '
A. C. Harris, Secretary. ...
An iron letter has been sent by mail from
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to Ergland. The'
iron was rolled o thiu that the sheet was only
twice the weight of a small sizd sl eat of or
tli; ary tote paper. It is" ajpjosed to be the
thinnejst iron ever red ed ir the world, and
was manufactured by the Sligo Iron, Works.
F?r lbs Confederate.
.Close Communion. -
i?CEi?B Tue Stnnard office, Ualeigh. Trcs
fijt Mr. V. W. Holts, ted Lieut. Henes, of
tae ndbtia. -
Mt. L Hencs,'loquiter). Well friend ilol
eot 1 have just completed ipy recn6truction'
resolutions. Between us jou know, that is
really what they mean ; and. tl.nnbicg jou for
-he t ry ruatt-nsl aid rendered roe in their
preparation I shi!i cow proceed, with your
further !i'.ist.iEC, jo culminate the glory al
ready begu-t by a '3tate;Dian-like f ptech ' in
their tupport. B-t tUcy, as well s nr:y preat
speech, are to go dowli to posterity, and I have
been tome what, puzzled to know -what title to
give them.
Jloltn. Step, friend. crt so fast. Trest me
(or-ll th&t. 1 aoa an old politician and mere j
ing Vance Destructives, Ss we hare some of the
people, mt- their support, to sec what can be"
done towards pracc. But, "mark the predic
tion" when we one get tKeui up to -the con
vention point, we wiil turo the State back into
the-arai3 of cur f-uher Abraham, as quick as
thai! (Snapping bis fingers.)
Utiles,- All that suits me exactly. Y'ti
kn'ovv, sorre'hiug of that kind was the grounds
on Wbicti I based v. j spvxyd-3 to you hi.t
wird-.T. in urging you to attempt the o-' cr
ib raw of V , but never mind that. We I
rndcr-tood each ether then ; we understaiid
each other i:o:c.
II I. Now friend Uenes,f you wish to be 1.
benefited by my count ii, b your intended -
speech, never allude to tht subject again. It
i a thorn in my flesh. . .
liwes. y to I Beyond a doutt," we
are both gre;t ratn, and in the privacy cf
your sanctum, m y enjoy great freeaoru of
speech.
Hoi. So we may. But you know hvv
batby' I thought 1 hal deceived thepeople
and how U-dly, ia the end, uhy deceived me.
Hints. Ytu had my tendertst sympa
thies ; for in the event of the success of your
decepdous, I expected to risigu my commis
sion as JLieutenant of militia, by which I 'nad
kept out of the war ; and having previously
read Jaw, I was fullv repared, after working"
so' zah usly for you," to solicit at your hands
the highest office iu.ybur gift.
Hoi. Yes, that Was a nice thought. J5ut
let by-gones, be by-gone?, and let us gather
all of cur sirengih for the nt xt contest.
lleies. The speech I Let us commence
ics preparation. .
Hi. From what I herr of your style -cf
oratory, I am incredulous as to the - effect it
will have, however much I may assist you.
.Ilenes. That objection is easily. met; for I
ha-ve already applied to the Clerk, to read it for
me. add he has kindly consented lo do so. .
JIol. Well, we will now pr..cied. Let eve
ry word b3 hoal, out-spoken, and manly; f j
the vrit of Habeas Corpus is not suspended
now. "
Hencs. Great freedom of speech! 1 like
that.. Let us bring niuch of English Hi.-tory to
our support. I am thoroughly noste'd "from
tb accession of James the II., dwn to a pe
riod within the memory of men still living;"
. auJ C;ln turn ,nri tT7,s, it in iiiusl,.aTi0a, to
I suit Inv purpcse. I can do unvihimr (u thwart
! 3 strWles of tho South for ied -mndeace
anything to encourage ta"e Yankees to perse
vere any thing to get a Convention stoop to
anything for my master aad itystl.'.
TJol. Waking up frcrn a snooze.) I have
taken cn uo rawch apple ju;ce tbis evening;
aad, what is more, I can enly pr uaise to cer-
rec your speech, and rend r it 4 little more
ie more .
not the I
"statesmanlike. . 1 cu know, 1 am
mm to wcrk for another's glory. In other
WiT'd-i, Idr. Ilenes, you Casnot b? thv; leader in
our chutc'r You are t o -ibominally self con
ctijei and va;n, and I am soiry, I onca oabed.
you a 'atatean.an" and "a gentieman. Exit i
Mr. Ilenes,. with on'y one fid of a tdivet of
foolscap besmeared over with the introduction of
his speech.
Soliloquizing. Ilolden is crunk. Here I
am, whern he pronounced -'a statei'hian and
gcnt!eir.an of ability," leaviug thit eorrupt
fountain of political stench, br.futod y t-e
Winds that phy along Ilargett .street. He
who made ire ahve, me Ke is alnu-t to kill.
I'wid call. again perhaps he wdi repent and
receive roe to- I is aru s. And then I13 slmll
wo:k, if it exr Uit- ail nry gains in sjj; euUo
tiug .ff of this war. P'an!e the man! I
wish I had stuck to the sentiments nf-my old
fiild speech, vhcrirf I told them "the Union
Wiis gone, and gor e forecer." . Hojv mucii
better would I feel do ! But the dye iscast,
and I must make a great spreoh."
Ca Is early next m -rning on his master.J
JJcnes. Good morning brotbr liol-.ieu. -Here
is an even thousand in Confed, an I one
ream of. good p ;per to do up that job -f r me.
Hoi. OSi! yes.! Certainly. Much pleas-,
ed. " Indisposition lac-t right rendered me
somewhat peevish ; but b.t by-gones be by
gones. Call again ia three days forn tbis
hour. I wi'l vite you a speech moro tharv.
s -s uinin die "D.iuidsou' articles, and navni
true copy'struck off tor the C trk D riad be
f..re. the House. t .
Ilenes. C ming to timej I have cilled
at ttie appointed hoer, a'ld nav coneb.;ded,
under your instructions, af er eonimitting my
speech to memory,' to k-arn to sj eak it ni self.
Uil Weli, we will give you a t:ial.-
"Spe-k the speech, I ray yon, y.s I pn Eotin
eei it to you, trippingly 0.1 the tongwe; but
it ou mouths it, as many of our speakers do,
I had asiiel the towL-critr tpoke my hue.
Nor do rot saw the air too much with your
hard, thus; but ITS3 all gently.
O, it ffet els me to the s ul,. to hear a robus
tioiid periurig-pated fellow "ter a passion to
tatters," Uomm -nces to pract ce on his
speech before r.is master, snd'fdls. Gives it
i p. Master rr-pr ves him for his presu-op i n
in attempting it", and they both repair to the
House ot Commons and with much eelat
lay tbe document before theClr.c. A'te-r
tbe rending was over, Mr. Heoes swoons away
fro u excessive joy, and is borne from the
House by Holen and iVoigun. Aft-r gt-
tug bira in comfortable quarters, h 1 " shows
signs ot hie, and cabs for some brandy. He
chrnks, and inquires the cfi'ct his speech
bad made upon the public. Just at that
momem the news. of an armistice and peace
c innjisidoner, &.C, was received in the city,
and, some .indiscreet person indulge loud
shouts, at the aiih'ounce-mtnt J
Mr." Hencs (raising his hsd.) What
means that shouting? I do believe that
these applauses are for ma Lew honors that
are heaped oa me '
Hoi. Yes!, "F.om ihe sabDard to the
mountains," tbe v, hole Stat j is ii a bliZJ'uf
excitement, in con-cquence of your mighty
fpeecb. And I am sorry now 1 iv rote 'it for
ywH.
HeniB. "Now let it work : mischief thou art
a foot,
Take thou what course thou wilt."
Commences to repeat his spech to two
auditors. Hidden ct eeks him, and assorts
hirn that be has had glory enuuf i for out
d,y. . ' . .
Hencs. Friend Ho-cn, I was dead; you
canning wan oia. (lonW uctaumit thw to . .cannot doubt our final s .cce,8s and triumph,
anjoatnye orDwcbu The people at l are tco weak and 5e
mean.) Lt t your rfc.'oluti&ns go f.jith as peace. , t,. r.u
resolution,. That is The most popular siring- Pdtnff mth-nS a cane. Vf c f tbe army,
upon which you-can play- n honorable peace ! whohavj L.flvid a 1, stsSerrd aj. are v.i;:i
Ther-bv. terhftn w m-v irull th in9rr.irt- to aenfi. ffior?. Ai-d r.tU renewed
j t j r- - i
haves made tne alive. Here is another thous
and in Gonful. (ot art editorial ptff.anda few
extia c ipics of the Stmart?t containing my
immortat speech. , I feel really happy ; and ii
I vras at a camp nceeM'np, I would .shout aloud,
But be sure to contrive a fe c pies of the
Stand ird, Cont lining tirt Fpeeca and the puET,
to our friends bejond the Potomsc. '
HoTden porketin? tht money, luifrl in
his sleeve, and ail retire. LEX.
' . . .
For the Confederate.
Flaxneb's Battfry,Hakelt.'r Battalion.
Near KicLraof.d Feb. 27. ldG5.
Dkar Sir: 0
Before. clostrg. I m ut pay, if thi- px o.d
.ct home were imbre.l i it the Fame tpt.it
and delermiuation as veu pvs.sst 'ir
vow?, nothing dauned, and with a:r u? fiincb-
ing determination. sy t) lhoa weak-knc-tl',
and much to b'Ji'icd s uU ; Be of good
their ; a 1 will yet le Wvl S'tnel Ly us,
arid supp. rt u, ai d we'wi.l prect tb fiag
undr w iob the best b'ofd ! the- OtfeuT'
acy ias been spip. My Ged ! how enn a
man be s" base rs to btrfer manhoo i fer pro
perty; To exclaim -wc i ai b?tlcr vieid
the uiemy are too strong, and we ate too
weak to contend with thtro." No sir, we a'c
not too weak. We will press on to the gvd
of a recognition of our independerce as long
A3 the great Gk1 gives us liV-as ! g a
strong arms can wi Id a gH.-jening Had ;
anel as long as we are s"stinei i ur go:d
popple at nomc. I hat we c tn never lay
down car arn;s as long as a das'ard hireling,
of a blot el thirsty governmen, t eads fot cn
southern s- i!. We hve fecn the sntT ii- gs.
and- wrougs comn itlid upon our noble vo
men (God bhss them); the baee tnii'tn-'iu
of giay-haired sirs, and the burning ff their
homes. We have battle 1 t o I ng. and tie d
too much 0' o I, and'are eaaged ra t'.'o holy
ai d too glorious ac&mc er to submit to a
faiatical arl tyranical 'oe. This ii uu
doub e ily the hi ur and power of d srknpss.
If the people at him; will be true to them
selves true to us ve will ma.ch tiinuph
antly through this strngg'e, with our banners
scarred, but not dishonoie 1.
I must close, as I fear I mar h trcspa sing
on your time ; hoping that the dawn of d y is
not far in tho distat ce. and that you m i
live to a lipe old age to enjoy that peao-i and
hoiior, for whioh eo much 'bio id has been
stilt, I am, truly'yturs, &c,
B. F.
Fur the l onfedsrate.
Fatktteville.N. C, Feb. 24, 18G5.
Editor Confkdkrate: The Ladies of Fay
etteville I God bless th'jn ! May their path
through life be strewn whh the sweetest flow
ers, and may blessings fiom Heaven be show
ered upon them without number, for their
kindness to the s ck- and wounded soldiers
broi ght from Wilmington here. As s on as
v e ariivcd here, t: e flour warehouse, that was
taken for the a'ccoo tm d dion of the soldiers
trat.sfe red from Wilmington, was crowded
with the gpod and IVautifd, Willing and
ready to act minis cr to the wards of the tick
f.rd wounded, win have fought acal bled for
their country. I h ive never seen so n.u 'h
true and 'teuiiuiue patriotism, shown by a y"
y community, as thu la-Jies have displayed in
the past few days. Biskct after basket, full
' of everything that is gooJ, rich a ui de'icale,
has teen, and is being brought io ev ry day.
The Kldkrs h tvt no! on'v been fed, but their
w..unds have been hrtised by the fairest of
ja ... tRvil.,s dHU.utere.
This is a ii l le example. Let it be follow
ed elbcwhcre ; and though the enemy may
drtve us from poiut to another, the sol
diers'will be taken care of, and new lifo will
be instilled into thctn to more noble deeds of
daring.
In behalf of the transferred soldier-;, I ten
der my 1-eart-felt thaoks'to one and all, that
have a Jiumistert'd t oar wants.
DRAKE.
--
The following bill has passed Congress.
A BILL TO DIMIXIS?! THK NUMHEB OF EXEHP
idSS AKD DETAILS.
The C ngres of the Confederate S ates or
Ame rica do enact, That so much of tt.e act
to organize forces to serve during the war,
approved F biuay 17, 1SC5. as ixerr p's one
person as overseer or agricuitHralit o:i each
farm or j lanta i m upon which! here, are at spe
cifi 'd times, firteeu bbie-botl e 1 fie tl baods,
between tne ages of sixtee.i and Ctty, upn-r
c raincoriditiots, is hereby repealed; Pr. vided.
That exe miit oDS of perrons ovtr forty five
years ot age may be granted under t: e "pro
vis-iocs of the act aforesaid, and siid pt isans
shall be liibli ti military servic;? upon the f x
pircUt n ol h tini'3 for which they leciived
t xemptii'U by le.isou of having executed bonds
for one year from th dte tnere- f.
Section 2. No exemption or detail sh II b.
granted by the -Pr-videit r Scr-tary of War,
b' vir.ue of saiJ avt, except of pe-so::s I.w
fully ivp-rted hy a board of surgeo-.sas una
hie to perfoim active service i 1 the ti 1 !, p-r
s.TjS over the ago of forty years, an I of labor
ers, arllzms, mechanics, ad of peis.u.s .f
scientific .Nkill emp'oved by. or t rkiog f-.r,
ire Government, Slate or Confederate, and
show if by propt r tes ime ny to be such lab r rs,
prt Zdins, u cchrn cs t;f pe-rsjns of scientific
skill, sni with the snme exemptions, all ex
cup ions anl detdils heretofore grantoi by
tbe Presedeut or Secretary of tbe War, by vir
tue of said art are hereby revoked.
Seetijn 3. Thai all skilled a t z ns and m
chanic .who are ingaged in tie employ in?i;t
cf the Government of the Cotifedcrate States
are hereby exempt' Jroni alt military service
during the ti:ne ihey nre so employed : Pro
vided, That j;eron wlwitc services'lab rers or
tkiil may be more tise.ully employed for the
jublic good at home thu in the fi li to be
determine 1 by ttie Secretary of Wir, on the
wern testimony . nt d it-interested witness.
under such rules and rrgulauoos as be may
pre-cribe, and names of ail pevsoi-f so exempt
td or detailed, together with he recsofi lor
the detail, shall be submitted to Cor grets at
the beginning cf t acn btssloo.
Thc Yetlrani cf atebix) There are
r-till one hundred and twen'y military effivrrtt
above the r.-ck of Captain, boldins ti.e Wa
terloo medal. Of these eighteen are Generals,
twtnty-lwo Lieutenant Generals, tweaty-fbur
Majjr Generals, nincie mi Col 'i.eis, acd thir
teen Majors. Three or lour yars ago sine?
the nuuuLe. cf cflicers eiuig this medal
(above ti e lat.k of Captain) was one hundred
and fi y.
FlMALF.S AND THB TELEGRAPH. It ii sta
ted that nine hutdid and seven'female em
ployees are going to India to assist in. tbe
English telegraph department
The Yat.kee ptis oners who were here for ;
eome days pa-t, have all been enr tff ;ir ex
change. Their exodus was a re iei tii every- j
lody. I
From llic Front.
Tlicro was no m veinent a the lines y
terday. During ha ftftnoon the ca-tny g4
. up a furious fhtllii o-i 1 ur left, caused by
the appearance of a Cmffdefato wurkinz
party in Ihi ir ffnt, and waisied a gmd Jcl
f ammunition to little, effect upon them.
Several of their nrs-i'cs wMzzd over an 1 ez
pi jictl .n the city v h'de rumb'H f thm
fell in Pda-d ford, that devoted suburb liting
so i n minrpt 'y in the rear of our line?.
'1 lis enemy, as we non e dayakii.ee prrdi. -t
d, is busily ex'et-ding a !ii.e of railway .to
bis tew posi'ion oa llatchei' Bun. ScouN
rert this from cctud tbfeTtAtion. From
tli4. ce t bis bae at dy Toiat.. Grant will
seoa have a contin';cu-i rail, running r.t ail
r inla in cbfte- jr ximity te hs ma'n lir. a
Ie wil!,tl cr!ore, find no dlfti -;-ty n trar.
feiri'ji tujiplics from the wharf as fast as bis
sua ners can land them, and will I c emUd
to drop them at aty camp on the route. By
inns of tpis n ad. too. Ids large irmy cai !
supp ied with w.:cd, drawu fn 111 iheir new
p h tit n n cur right.
We Icira tint the ciemy is throwing up
. heavy worhs on the Brur.tiw itk Stge K: at t
Icwjen lh-am's Sati .n aid M onkV Ned;
bridge two mil s b low the latter plac?.
The ohj-ct of this is. t:o t!vib, sn tn ftrrng
tben the r psit;o'i th r.-, that they my bo
ths ottttr abtc to extend their bne in thaf
diucti n in the future. Th Yit.kecs re cf
the oplt ton ihitG.u. Lce.vr.il r.trca that
wy this Spring, and by tKr cM'timd x
leniiion?, thev will be enuid.d to intercept
and crdrap him Petersburg Erpr.ss.
Xcw Confederate Iron-CIads.
Frtim the Paris Correspondence of tlcsN'eur Yo k
Kera'.d.
Parts, Jan. 27, lGo.
By a fortuua'o acc:dott'l 'aui able toanri j
pnte", l tr:;st, in tune to mitigate a gat dis
aster, the- mo-t i:riiiug itdiliig -nee that lias
crossed tie A'lantic i.:cc.tt:e oulhreak of ll e
w at. This wilt bitely ha- reaciied y u h--bue
two r.- bel ir.tn't'.uds wdi hive I ft tho
coast o F ai c t. r ti e p rt of No-w York,
wr ere thov expt c b cauy the ftrht r.e-.vs cd"
the txpeoiuoa. Ths3 vrs e's, which are "
adioira b se h ats, i.s oi-.nofthem ban propel
during t: rc nt. heavy gale in the North
Sea, aw ed the 111 -t h r.nitlablc description,
calcuU'ci t tes-ist anv'a tiliery ia our navy,
xept. pbap!, the monitor gins, 'llu-y
wib Inke abantunt coal for tin Atlantic voy
age wiih 'Ut stopping at the Mauds, aad am
am ed wi h Aiu-strong; of the beavitbt ca t
bi'e, as At I as :n c no. m jus supp'y of rn:ket.-;
No di'u'jt is cideruir eJ cf llisir pif ct abih
ty to carry, with cue, the fortili a i iis f
N w V-rk harbor, a iJ boll the hirhr
agnintst auy forco thatc u!d po sibly be s"i-t
to the re cae. Tiie city is t. e i to hj laid
under contribution, or, in the cent '-t rvi :,
to be fir d. Ttie hairs . f tho txpetb?io?t;
1 owi'vi r, ex; ect an inbreak in tl e ti'y it Ir
an I that the rebel sympaiioz. rs will m- z r..
moment of p rio and c i !ti.-i u to the'a
New Yc rk iral 'oende it Iroiii tLe Uuiou a d
the State and a free port.
To thou that I do not rxargT.Vo th? f.:r
mid-nle character cf thee vc.-sels, it is on y
1 ecessary to aai.c th m, ns, lnin-j li ircte
tt u.-ti-.'!'. mativ ot oat naval c tiiieis in-prt te i '
ih m. They ate 1 no-.vu tin Sphyi.X and
and the Cij.l'p-; btr oa hoiiin their flag
wiil be r-.'f peclivi ly caihd tl.; stonewall "and
the Kipjdan. You aie, doubt l-yj, aware tnat
In-bre ti c keel ot tiihvr of thce vess-ls was
laiJ at Uo dta .x, the p rton.1 word of Lmds
JNopo'ct u wi pledgsl to their delivery, with
gun aiitl ve-ythin excel t powder on boaVd.
Ti.e d. ig me and kdi of Mr Dayton, wh t
succMielia zainiug over t'.o con'i dential
clerk of one t f h i cji.t-ajl-'is, and tln.i prvi
cu . iu; pis-e.-sioii o the tery ti.ig'na! of t .
contract with Um tetl agent, tr istra ed tho
pwi :m origit.ailv cout eiVttl. Tt e Fr;..cii
G.iVrn:uejt ft u :d it nccs-tiry to nrak in
appear 1 ncei of jre.crving its nutrahty. Tiie
I in.istcr cf M irtn ? withdrew the authority to
i-h'p guns, at'tl (t inif w'tod'ti se!s, : Iso in,
e'udid ia the sia.e Cj'.i'tr.tvt, were ro.dly .'.? t
Ji de a il l at d thhvend t i.eatr.1 I'o.vtr..
Tnis a layel.-u pijiou an 1 uneasiness ;n 1 tit
Imperial corspfr.-r and his r h I i ieu ! 1 vt
site iu r futuirg t:i pi -t, et f etidly nc N!r.
D tyt'Mi's drtth hai removed the chi.f uUt c u
tO iUWS. " .
The poor IaucJ wero ninda the cits-i-i v
iu the itildr. Gnc ol tho boa chid was soj
to thtrr.,ar.d sai'ing f:tm 15 irde.u x, tluly tr-
rived at Copt ni .vjen. an 1 w r. tbrg i'ien. lli5
G rmtn press i to lazy, and t'nt f Fraueu
untie. Io j asmte.a urvi!l ir.ee t sto a-y
tning on vth'c'i this Tuill rir.i wmt tbenN. to
be blind. Wh d iiitiirrs p iss d in that oh
pcure c iir.er tf Kurt je I do i o. k ow. Sut
ticc ir, that tho ir n r.lad, rupp sJ to Ii.ivj
been d-liv-r.d to Denmark til d two !
a jo from Copenlr.igti, with all her iimm?a t
e n boiol, 1 he atlair having t-cn si ma-r.: !
through the Fie'ich tlipiomatio atd onn ,tr
agent there, is to t her ffWocd t to r
owner, Mr. Atniin J, r. friend and pndg:
ti e Eo.pcr.',r, sr.?! a Govcrcmmt uje.iib.r (
the C rps Logi-!l f. .
M.tjvb'l' the i-l r s'llp, waicii i-c n n
na.iy f o ti to n
'in by :h ! v v ii
ot tin- timer, wid tail vmu -Ut si.so c.0.1. o-ten-
i:blv f r 11 tmburg, ! itin rta'irv to m'.-et her
co txl if .1 'o'n-iy b:t;e iUtal . lX (be ;;r,
wi i:n tr-.e 'D mish' l.ip may be x ct'.f ti
rcti!i it: i.bot.t ten d.ys. Tli.n Lotti tdthem
vill be n. - t by tendt rs hiving on loitd tho
c .a', po lder ar.d tnca some one hundred
a'jd tweoty for ta h, independently of huth f
ti e pies. H neutral crew may be .e nptttl
to enlist. Tne tran.-ftfr taa be tna ia a few
h')urs; t!i t.nd?rs will tea re distant tlestii-H-tii.ns
and :i r et captains ; o that, viitti thy
exeejdou o.' t W Ic'.tcr.'lhc ft it news ;.oiin
Ntiw Yoik wid pn&at.ly l.ae of I ho un.tr
C2 i?!itel tr-a h :ry of Frriee will le tne ar
rival of a,Frencn, ii 1 iron c ad arm A t. .
Yuidak why I, knowing th'w j 1 t. tlj
n; t fr. s rate it ? - I can only reply tint there
are so'.tma obltitiotis h.ndtnj mi on hts .-id j
1 f the Athatic, wr.i -h do not ixniu tbe
otberj and that I am doing tfcc b"St ny eon
scierci allows me. The fa.cU will o-dy t.
sxb prtve the accuracy of fry informal 'n ;
an 1 ir you oglect my anxiom arnijg, it
wiil bj at yeur oa peri!.
1 have rea,v,n to believe that jhe recret
tctty wl.-i-.h i knon to exist bet wc-n Frrncn
and the ConMracy wan net intended to run
so fccou the ibk of exposurj, and it is proba
bie that the French L 'ion at Va-Hitiiii
is realiy kept in igt oranc?. of it, s th ; ttie
disavowal may be made wir.ha'1 t!e appear
ance of cotivi.tton an I tiutP. Jmis Napolc- '
on fears lo other, clement ot Fret cb publio
opinion except the antipihy ti'hUfery, which
is stronger and mire uui rers l here than iu
Engl r.d. and which is, moreover, represented
by Prince Napoleon.
1o exl ort to sacrifice to stimulate to cx
erti- r to hanie despondency to divert"
from t-..?ii jy cpcciot: are eri but
tj. ctiiui on us ts Irs d'.schared iu lmy ,
limis." Burke.