rn n
WEDNESDAY, FEBKVaUY 15, 165.
The Lfjislaturc
This body adjourned on yesterday m.rnirg
at nine o'clock, to re nsicn.blo on tl.e Sid
Thursday of May next. It -must .be a great
relief to the people wo nrc true to their coun
try, to ga rid, eTen fcr this thoit period, of a
body whese nrj rity 1ms made it lm-a.orable
for all tim?, f .r it3 base and unmanly deser
tion of the country in its extremes j-eril.
Yheu it met, it was tfe ught to be cmpcsei
of men, who fcaJ, at heart, tie independence .f
the nation. By far the larger ponioa of them
had been elected tither a3 "cut and out" truo
and ley&l men, who, are called destruetivea ;
or as Var.ce Conservatives nun who, though
opposed to the administration of President
Divis, and incVineJ to keep up political par
tem organization, were, B2vt riheUss, reliable
in the c iuse of the ccuatiy. These Vacc men
hid pledged thenclves, cither dirf ctly, or by
uamisUkablc implication, to sustain the war; to
ur3 co separate State action ; :o oprore sgita
tior, and to support the policy of Gov." Vance,
ia aid af the conflict in wii.h the r.r.tion is
engaged. To onr htovledge, i'.rh was the
position of Mr. Fowle in ibis c;usty, r.s under
stood by five hundred at least of those who voted
f jr him, whose vote he could never have re
ceiveJ, if they could have foreseen the c urse he
has pursued. Such was the position of S. F.
Phillips, Mr. Grissom, Amis, Ltsatrnd,
with the exception of about fifteen cr twenty,
all the Conservatives of either L'.use tf tLe
Legislature. That the constitnstits tf thtse
gentlemen have been wcfuily mistaliea ctd de
ceived, there can b ? lo question.
If the Legislature Las dune trie act to'favor
the cause of the country to strengthen its
resources, cr the force of the amy we should
be gltd to point it out ; on the contrary, ia
every conceivable way, by all possible devices,
openly and th imelets r, it has done every
thi. g that lay in its power to Ji mi iii e-b the ca
pacity of the i ation to carry cn the war.; to
thwart the government, in its effcrU to maintain
the struggle for independence : to threw open
the country to the inroads of the enemy, and
pre! are the hearts of the people for submission.
It not only filled the o!Fic:s within its gift with
able-bodied pace, who vera within the age cf
c.'iiscription, but it carved out btier cilices not
net Ird expressly to provide places iuto which
it might place those 1" able to couseiiption, to
keep them out cf the service. It Lot only re
fused to place the justices of tl.e peac-o in the
military service, but it created citrht hundred.
Sjire of them, uselts oilicers ; ar.d ita'iy tf
them for counties now occupied by the euwnry,
where by no possibility caa they exiicie, tl.e
dutie. The soldiers in the field shall have no
i rtinj-jrcemenls not a man sh-tll be sent to strength
en th. ri. Tiny shall fi'jhl the yrur out as they
s' m l." We call the attention cf the eoltiiers to
this fact. We invite thcai to look to the Leg- '
islative record and they will there find who it
Las teen, who have doomed them to perfoim
unaided, un-reinforccd, the hard, arduous,
dangerous duties which arj more d'.ficult and
more dingcrous, because, they, the soldieTs,
ure so fw. While this Legislature thus refused -to
alJ an iota to the strergth cf the army
while it was resorting to disgraceful shifts to
prcvut it3 reinforcement,:; the enemy was
preying the State in its most vital pciuts, and
Gen. Lee was urging, iu the mdst earnest terms,
thnt Ms forces should be reinforced.
This record is made. It is one of dishonor,
however tho cause may lurn out. If the ene
my triumphs over u, he will Jiock at it with
'.vo: 1 r and con erupt, to seehvv men could
abaction their country in her Lour cf dire re-ce-s'ty.
If the sun of libei ty, ft r u.--, sink in
elud aud storm if cur caue fail if we are
su j gated, and take the place of kst nation-uliti-f,
cn no bedy more than on this Legisla
ture will sit the responsibility. TLrugh all
1 ist. rj the action of ihon who will have ctn
trituti tl to this ruia will be recited, for the
scorn of after ages, and among no portion of
m uikind will the pus-iianimtus " motives
w hich instigated this action, be more despised
than, by the enemies of u- countrj-, who wi 1
pTvfn by it.
The dispatches to-day are cf thiiKing in
ti rest. "We fcrtear ccn.incnt on them at pres
ent. 'IV. e only terms of pcae offered by our eve-mi-.,
are .
The unconditional submission f the States
and pcf p'e. -
The acceptance of the laws cofiscatiD"1
property
The submission to the liabilities atel penal,
tics incurred in tLe deflnee of our couatry.
The acceptance of the amendments to tho
United. S'ates Constitution, taking away the
property of the slaveholder, and the establish
ment of negro equality.
Before expressing the sentiments with which
these propositions impress cs, wo wait to sec
whether those who have heretofore differed
fn.ru us, will efftr us hopes of united action.
Lfgislatire Sniamarjr.
The General Assembly met yesterday morn
ing at 7. a.m., and continued ia session for
abjut two hours, the time being chiefly con
sumed in the' ratification of ats and resolu
tions. . -
Totes of thanks were voted by both Houses
to their respective Speakers, and a joh.t se
lect Committee, Messrs Ellis, -Leiich, Fowle,
Phillips, and Brown, of Mecklenburg, ap
pointed to investigate alleged abuses and ii!e
gallities committed by the railroads of the
State.
We regret to learn that the dwelling f David
Barlow t.sq., of this County, was consoninicd by
firejwi the night of the 3rd inst. We under
stand that Mr. Barlow save! very little of his
furniture, losing nearly everything in the House
with it.
. Cause of the fire accidental. Tar. Southern.
THE CONFEDER
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF NORTH CAROLIM.
J
' NIGHT SESSION.
SENATE.
Monday. Feb 6th I8G5.
Bills to rlaitn Swamp lands; to a'uthor!z3
the lev- g of a tax in Alamance county lor the
support ot soldier families ; to giv juriadic
lioo to IheSuperior Court of Wilson; t
a nen 1 t'.e charter of the Pittsboro and Hay-wcx-d
P.ank U iod CV; to incorporate the Con
servative Publishing Company ; i refeience
to the town t f Kinton ; and divers resolutions
passed their their third reading.
The bill to a'mes4 the act to iprease the
fiicicr.cy of the Ifcme Guard etlization
was a'ter some dtbUc slightly atne&d aad
passed. .
The bill to exempt the Commissioners and.
Tolice of the city of Jlaleigb? from Home
Guard duty Was rejecte Jtu its scond read
ing and the Senate adjourned to 7 o'clock to
morro Wyoming.
SENATE.
Tuesday, Feb. 7, I860.
Pursuant the a 'journoieot to Seaate niet this
morning at 7 o'clock a. m,f Speaker Mebaue
in the chair.
The journal of yesterday's three seyeral ses
sions w.ere read and approved.
A message was received from-the House pro
posing to postpone the time of adjournment
ore hour. Agreed to. Also otbtr messagej
transmitting a number of bills and resolatioas
for ratification. - -
'.Mr. Stubbs intro'ueeda bill to amend tho
charter of the town of Salisbury which, under
a suspension f the rules, passed its teveral
reading-!.
Messrs. Horton and Blount recommended
several persons as magistrates. Net agreed to.
Tne speaker announced Messrs. Ellis and
Leitch as the Senate brauch of the joint select
committee to investigate certain alleged abases
and charter violations by the railroads of the
Stite.
il-r Patterson introduced the following:
" Resolved, That the- thanks of the Senate
are due aud are hereby tendered to the ;Houa
ble Giles Mebane for the able, dignified, and
impartial manner in. which he has prebided
over the Senate daring the present session.;
which resolution was adopted and the Senate
risinsr.
Mr. Speaker Mebane said it was an old es
tablished custom on occasions of this sort for
the presiding offijer to make some remarks,
and in compliance wi h that custom he must
testify his appreciation of the compliment the
Senate had seeii fit to pay Lim. As the presi
ding officer of that body he had invaiiable re
ceived the most courteous treatment from all,
and now that Senators were about to leave the
halls of legislation for a season, and repair to
their homes, it was his sincere desire their re
turn might be a safe one and that there they
might ficd their families well and happy. Tho
Semue, he concluded, stands adjourned till the
third Thursday id May next, and thereupon,
pursuant to joint orJer, the Senate adjourned
till the ISth day cf May, 1865. '
In thus closing his accounts of Senate pro
ceedings the Reporter wculd do injustice to
an tbhitig, energetic, and thoroughly effici
ent nicer ot that body were he not t ac
knowledge the man- obligations he is under
to Xtiil MrK:y Esq3., Principal Clerk. To
Mr. Vf'm. K. Pase, Piincipal, and Mr. Talley,
Assistant Door-keeper, he is also indebted for
many facilities rendered in performance of
his repor-torial duties.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The House met at 7 o'clo k, Mr. Fowle in
the chair, Speaker Donnell being detained by
illness from his post.
Oa motion of Mr. Waugh, a message was
sent to ihe Senate requesting the concurrence
of that body in a postponement of tlfe time of
adjournment-erne hour.
Mr. Grissom introluced a resolution in
structing the Principal Clerk to prepare and
have printed a caiander of the unfinished
business of the es-ion. .
Senate bill to amend the charter of the town
of Salisbury wasunder a suspension ef the
roles, read three times and passed.
On motion of Mr. Shepherd, the resolution
to appoint. a joint tehct committee to inresti
gate aiU-gcd alusos and charter violations, by
tha railroads of the State, was taken up and,
under a suspension of the rules, passed its
final reading.
Mr. Benbury introduced the following,,
which was unanimously adopted :
llesohed, That the Honorable R. S. Donnell
is entitled to and is hereby rendered the thanks
of this House of Commons for the able, digni
fied, aud satisfactory manner in which he has
discharged the duties of Speaker during the
sessions of this Legislature.
Mr. Benbury also introduced the following
which was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That Messrs. R. S. Tucker, prin
cipal, nni Jno. S.Stanley, assistant clerk cf
this House are hereby tendered the thanks of
this House fcr the faithful discharge of tneir
duties.
On the resolution of thanks to Speaker
Donnell,
- Mr. Gnssom delivered a few remarks, sta
ting the great importance of a Speakership
of a "legislative body, and paying an eloquent
tribute to the conduct, of .Hon. li. S. Don
nell in that capacfy.
The House branch of the Joint Select Com
mittee to investigate alleged abuses by the
railroad companies of the State, was then an
nounced as coLsisting of Messrs. Fowle, Phil
lips, and Brow n, of Mecklenburg.
And tl e Houe.wa then declared adjourned
till the third Thursday in May next.
ToB. Tucker Esqs. Principal Clerk of
the House ot Cummons, the Reporter is lar;
ly indebted for valuable assistance in the
way of furnishing documents etc., rendered
during the past session. Mr. T. Keeps hi-J
journal in excellent order and is ever ready tti
oblige the Prt&s with everyafaclity, evcu ihe
most exacting might require. -
Fall of Pkices. There is a general feel
ing of gratification at the downward progress
of prices of some of thp necessaries of life,
fiour, corn, pork, bacon, beef, &c The sales
have been at" 20 to 50 per cent, below the.
prices of the earlier part of last week. To
most marked change was in flour, which s-.ld
on one day at $650 and on the next at $300.
Corn tell frcm $42 to $30, pork from $6 to
$4, beel from $ 3 to 225. There is still a'
w lie margin downwards, for these and other
tbu gs. Fayettetille Observer.
Declined. We learn that th office of
Commissary-General of the Confederate States
was tendered to Col. Wm. Johnston of 'his
place. Mr. Johnston declined the position.
Western Danc-crat.
Mr. A. Dudley Mann, says the Montieal
(Canada) correspondent of the New Nork Tri
bune, has written from Paris to Saunders, who
is now in Canada, that Napoleon has deter
mined to recogniz? the Confederacy soon afier
the inauguration of Lincoln on the 4th of
March. -
jSJirit of the Army..
IlKAnqUARTEltS Cjmpamy
rll. 1
NTRY,
565. j
Thirteenth Virginia Infan
1 , January 28, 186
At a mating held by companies n," "I"
and K," Thirteenth Virginia regiment in
fantry, Captain S". D. Buck was callel to the
chair and G. M. Wolfe apj.oiuted Secretary.
Tne following preamb'e and resolutions were
unanimously adopted :"
Whereat, We hve heard with surprise
and regret that a feeling of de pondency has
manifested iuelf in certain parts of our conn
try : and whereas, we understand that" the
devotion and loyalty of the army of Northern
Virginia to the cau.-'b of our independent e has
been qt estioced ; and wkcre, the put lie
nemy is eaoe nragel ai d misled by these a pj
parent signs of weakness, want of determina
tion aud firmness of purpose : -
Be it rctolcc&as the opinion of these com
panits, That in the present aspect of affairs,
we see nothing to occasion gloom, or despon
dency, but, on the contrary, we believe that
the pat four years of war have proved, be
yond all doubt, the abilities of tie slave hold
in? States to maintain aid proiect, against
all enemtes, the Gavernn cut which they have
established. .
Rcsol.ted, That if is our firm and determin
ed purp-.se to continue this war thn ugh all
disaster and difficulties, cheerftuly bearing
every hard-ship and braving every danger un
til the independence of the Confederate States
ts rec-gnizd and and acKBOWiecge 1.
Resolved, That we ridicule, as absurd, the
Idea ot reconstruction,, for we believe re-union
would subject us again to the government of
that sectional majority which is confiipd to
the aboliiiou States, and wl ich is alike a stran
ger to pur institutions, feelings and habits of
thought as a people, and foreign to our terri
tory. , '
Resolved, That while we earnestly desire
peace, we believe the present channel for
diplomatic intercourse, as established by cus
tom and law, are sufficient for all practicable
purpose?, and when the Government of the
Ijnited States is prepared to recognize our in
dependence and right to govern ourselves, no
Ufficiilty will be experienced in the two na
tions communicating with each other.
Resolved, That we pledge ourselves to re
ist every attempt, whenever and wherever
made, to repudiate the public debt; that we
consider the resources of the coantry equal to
its payments, and we earnestly "entreat our
friends and relations at home to give full faith
and credit to our Government, and to lend it
t very, possible aid and assistance.
Resolved, That we respectfully recommend
to our comrades in arms to renew, in this dark
hur of the war, their pledges to their country
and their firm resolve, under Divine protection,
ever to submifc to the Government of the
United States.
Resolved, That in the great and good men,
Generals It. E. Lee. J. E. Johnston and G. 'T.
Beauregard, we recognise the highest military
Opacity and in their ability and patriotism we
kave unbounded confidence.
Rtsolvcd. Thai the proceedings of this meet
ing be communicated to the troops from Fred
rick and Hampshire counties, in other com-
ands, and that they be published in. the Rich,
nd Examiner.
Sakckl D. Buck, President.
Ch M. Miller Wolfb, Secretary.
RESOLUTIONS.
raised at a Meeting of th Fourteenth Regiment
Hryinia Infantry,. m Relation to the Condi
tion of the Country and the Conduct of the
War.
Stxuat's Bbicudi, 1
Piekett's Division.
At a rheetiug of the Fourteenth Virginia In-
faatry, held at their camp, near Barmuda Hun
dred e, January 24, 1865, the following pre
amble and resolutions were unanimously adop
ted ;
Whereas the successes which have recently
attended the arms of our enemies, in their
mad determination to subjugate an enligh
tened, christian and independent people, have
east a gloom over our land ; and whereas, a
disposition of many weak-hearted and weak-,
minded counsellors to magnify defeat into
hopeless disaster, and to give current publici
ty to rumors questioning the unabated fervor
of the veterans in our armies in support of
the sacred caase for which they have sacri
ficed every comfort, during four years of con
tinuous warfare, and which they still live to
defend, has generated a degree of dependence
la the breast el some 01 wnom we might
Wave respected better things ; and deeming an
unqualified expression of our opinion, .as a
regiment, and a sinllarone on the part of our
brcthers in arms, will he sufficient to dispel
this gloom, and to check and extinguish for-
Vver the wild rumors which have found tco
rich a repast in credulous minds, for the pub
lic good : There rore,
1. Resolved, That a Southern soldier or
citizeB, who for any other consideration tnan
that of absolute freedom and eternal separa--tion
from that enemy who have spared no
pee'es of insult or injury that malice could
devise,, would lay down his arms, and now
submit, is unworty to breathe the air of free
dom, and sboufd, with his postrity. be the
erf of serfs to the remotest generation.
2. Resolved, That we hereby pledge to the
living, and to those who shall come after us,
in support of onr own liberty, and their ran
sam from worse than Egyptian bondage, as
ur fathers have done before us, "our lives,
our Ijrtunesanjd our sacred henorj" assuring
the that it is better to die freemen than to
livealives.
Hesolced, That we have unbounded con
fidence in our ability, under the guidance o
an over-rullingProvidence, to achieve a glo
rious triumph in the present straggle, directed
by that great, good and gallant spirit that
has s cften led us to victory.
4. Resolved, That 'the thanks of the army
are due, and hereby tendered to the Congress
ef the Confederate States, for the energy and
vigor displayed in its recent legislations, and
its evident determination to sustain our sol
diery through every trial, to. the rich reward
of peace and happiness. -
5. Resolved, That we hare watched, with
grateful pleasure, the proceedings of the Vir
ginia Legislature, and are proud to be repre
sented by set patriotic a body.
G- Resolved, That we earnestly appeal to
the citizens atid soldiers to re-dedicate their
lives and fortunes upon the " altar of their
country, and resolve that the graves of onr
fathers, our homes "and our firesides, shall
still be ours to transmit as heir-looms to free
and happy nations yet unborn, who Shall
maik with emulous pride our "foot-prints on
the sands of time." - -
7. Roselved, That a copy of these resolu
tion's be forwarded to the Virginia Legisla
ture, the Congress of the Confederate States,
and to the papers of the city of Richmond,
for publication. .
Meeting ofthe 63 th N. C. Troopi.
At a meeting of the members of the 68th
Regiment N. C. State Troops, encamped near
Gohbboro, N. C, on February 3d, 1865, Pri-
ate James R.'D.mghtie vrus called to the hAr
nd ezprsssed tho object of the meeting iu
thort aud eloquent speech. Appointed the
following committee to. tiraft resolutions, ex
pressive of the sense .f the Regiment upon tho
state of the country and the cri-is now upon
us : r
Capt, L. C. Lawrence,
Sergt. Willis Grandy,
T. D. Warren,
Priv. Maj. Gregory,
fcergL J. M. Tuomas,
V. J. W. Wtlley,
' T. . J. Taylor,
Corp. J. R D jers,
Sergt. Vf. Mel). Wynns
B B, Barco,
M. W. Perry ?
. " E. N. Jacobs.
Chairman.
Co. B.
" H. '
t
t.
!
(
t
B.
A.
I. .
D.
b
E.
G.
F. .
K.
addressed
Ieute nanU Ilin.ton and Garner
the meeting and, the following preamble and
resiu'ions were reported by the Cnairmaa
ana unanimously adopted :
Whereas, The recent success of our ene
mies having caused much despondency
among our friends at home, and many even
to despair of our ul imatesucce-s:
Whereas, The unin gym path izers among
us, many of them, un pi ioci pled descendants of
revolutionary toris and others bi-uht I y
Federal gold, encouraged by these Si-ccei ,
have more boldly , defied the authorities, as
sisted by armed bands who havo cowardly
deserted thsir fla, and openly express ho pep
of our subjugation, with alt its attendant Kof
ro's; -
Whereas, KecognVmg State Sovereignty
as the ground works of our" Government, at el
believing that the action of its majority sbvut J
be final, and that opposition to that maj iity
oan have-a other object than to create disal
fectic n in sentiment and division m effort ;
and that the chief aims of these agitators are
tu sell tldiri country to the most fiendish ene
my that evercurg-d God's green earth :
Be' i( Resolved, That having an abiding
faith in the justice of God ; tha sacredness of
our cause; the s;rength of our arms, and con
fidence in the ability and hone.9ty of our ru
lers and commanders ; we, as good soldiers,,
will bear with cheerfulness, whatever evils
the misfortunes of War may entail upon us,
supported by the consciousness .that we a e
contending lor the existence of great moral
truths, the perpetuity of which, is essential to
the good government aud happiness of man- .
kind.
Resolved, That under no circumstances wi 1
we consent to a restoration of a Union, whose
supporters have so often and so ruthhssly
driven from our homes those mothers to who u
we are indebted for all that we are ; and ih t
we will obey the mandates they gave os wheu
they bade us "Go and return with this shied 1
or upon it."
Rtsolocd, That while we recognize t 0
freedom of the press as "o'io ef the great
bulwarks of libe ty," and believe that it
phculd be untrarnel ed to long as it pursues
its lawful- objects, the proper enlightmeni f
the people; we yet ' cannot see why the e.vil
genius of a corrupt editor should not be re
strained a well as ;be aim of the base tip
serter, whose mind he has disordered by. h U
ding up to his contempt hoee laws which
should check. the vickus and protect the
weik.
Resolved, That we denounce with biiter
condemnation all such agitators as traitors,
and declare our Willingness to cordial ly. sup
port our Government in' purishing them as
such.
Resolved, That while we hail with joy and
all honorable means for obtaining peaw, ).t
we will never willingly lay down tiur arms
until our independence be a'tkuowledged, ;-t
Resolved, That copies of these pream bid
and resolutions be forwarded to His Excel
lency, Governor Vance, and to the Richm i d
Examiner, Conservative, and Daily State J -ur-nal,
for publication.
There being no mote business before the
meeting, it adjourned sine die.
J. R. DOUGHTIE, Ch'u.
J". N. Hinton, Sejs'y.
-
Endurance the Road to Siiccss.
In a late Richmond Examiner Mr. Pollard
gives the results of 4,Ten monils' observation
in the enemy's country." In this ariich-,
which ought to be administered iu boluses to
all croakers who can be made to digst in no
other way, Mr. Pollard puts us iu pos?r. inn
"of some most encouraging facts. It niu-t
prerni-ed that Mr. Pollard did not conduct h.M
observations in the style of Gen. Seymour r..
tht3uuth ;-be did not look through the win- .
dw ofa jail and then come home to expat'ate .
upon a public sentiment of which he could
know nothing at alf. Enjoying -the prf.i
leges of a prisoner at large", liv'.ng in a V c',
and mixing and conversing freely wit.i fl!
sorts of persons, he had ample opportunities
of noting the tc neof the popular mind. We
may, therefore, rely upon bis report Amorg ,
a great many things of much interest, he
tells us that the Yankees are on the brink ot
exhaustion, and that the source of this ex
haustion is neither the condition of their fi
nances nor the number of Confederate vic
tories, but simply the growing difficulty of j
obtaining recruits. .
As an evidence of this, he states that their
last draft of three hundred thousand brc u-ht
but seventy thousmd men that a large ma
jority of the recruits obtained since Lincoln's
election are negroes that Grants army,
within the lines of which he spin t six days, is
composed of negroes in the proportion of tiree
negroes to one white man hat the next draft
will fail far more signally than any which
precedefl it that, in 4hat event, conscription
must be resorted to, and that then the war
kmust bresrk down. Such, he says, is the uni
versal belief at the North. .All parties agne
that the only hope of subduing the South lies
in the desire of the'South to seethe war clot ed
and this desire they all hope, will . lead to it
submission before it becomes necessary to en
force a conscription. The vote of all the ar
mies around Richmond in the 'Presidential
election was but eighteen thousand, there bs
ing only that number of natives born or natu
ralized men tinder Grant an overwhelming
proof -of the distate which the Yankees
have for the glories of the field, and an indi
cation of he trouble which a conscription,
calling for all classes, will most' undoubtedly
produce. In view of these facts, Mr Pollard
thinks it far more important than anything
else to convince the Yankees that our resolu
tion is not changed; asd that oar courage is
still unbroken-; for, notwithstanding our reti
tance of four years, many of them still a:e,
or at least affect to be, unconvinced. Ti..i
there is, however, a hirking fear that they n - v
be mistaken, can Jte inferred from the eager
interest with which everbody asks whether
the South' has the' resolution to hold ouV
It thus appears that the struggle betwetu
the North and South ia one of simple endu
ranee. If we can surpass the North in that
quality, neither Hood's failure or Sherman's
success will alter the ultimate result. All that
we have to do is to" go on fighting, and even
though defeat, should be pi lea upen defeat, we
must win in the end, South Carolinian.
General Forrest announces himself in favor
of armiog 200,000 negroes.
REPORTS OF THE PRE 33 ASSOCIATION.
Message from the President and Beport
af the Teace Commission.
RICHiroXD, Feb. 6. The following message
was laid before Congress this afternoon :
Executive Office, Ricuxokd,' Fb. U
To the Senate end Ilouse of Representatives :
Recently I received written notification, which
eatiffied me- that the President ot tbe United1
States ws deposed to confer informally, witfr un
offical agenU, that might bo senv by me, wita a
view of restoring peace. 1 reJuestd Hon. A. H..
Stephens, lion. R. M. T. Hunfer and Hen. Jsbn
A. Campbell to proceed through oar lines to Lotti
a conference with Mr. Lincoln, or such persons- as
he wipM designate, to represeat
. I hereby submit fr the information of Con
gress, a report of the eminent citizens' above
named, sfcowing that the enemy refused to enter
into negotiations with' the Confederate State;
or any of them separately, or give to our people
any other terms or guarantee's than those which,
consequence. mj grant, or permit us to have, nr
any other basis than onr unconditional submis
sion to tfjelr. rale, coupled with an acceptance of
their recent legislat'on, including the amendmea
to the Constitution, for the emancipation of all
negro slaves, and with the right, on the part of
tbe Federal Congress, to legislate on the subject
of the relation bat ween the white and black popu
lation, each. Such is tbe substance, al under,
stand, the efieet of the amendirent to the. Coasti.
tut ion, which has been endorsed ky the Congress
of the United States.
JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Richmond, Feb. 6.
To the President of the Confederate States:
Sir: Under your lettrr of appointment as
Commissioners -on the 28th, we proceeded to seek
an informal conference with Abraham Lincoln,
President of the United States op oaf the subject
mentioned in yoar letttr. The conference" was
granted and took place on the 30th, on board the
steamer anchored in Hampton Roads, where we
met President Lincoln and Hon. Mr. Seward,
Secretary of State cfthe United States. It con
tinued for several hours, and was both full and
explicit.. We learned from them that a message
of President Lincoln to the Congress of the United
States, in December last, explains elearfy and
distinctly his sentiments as to terms, condition!,
and modes of proceeding, by which peace could
be secured to the people ; and we were not in
formed that they would be modified 6r altered to
obtain that end. We understood from him that
no terms, or proposals of any agreement, looking
to an ultimate settlement, would be entertained or
made by him, with the authorities of the Confede
rate States, because that would be a recognition
'of their existence as a seperate power, which un
der no circumstances would be done, and for like
results, that no such terms would be entertained
by him from States separately. That no extended
truce or armistice, as advised, would be granted
or allowed, without a satisfactory -assurance of
the complete restoration of the authority of the
constitution and laws of the United States, over
all places within the States of the Confederacy.
That whatever consequences may follow from
Mae re-establishment of that authority, must be
accepted, without regard to the rights of individ
uals, who may be subject to the pains and penal
ties, under the laws of the United States. But
th'at all such, might rely upon a very liberal use
of the power confided to the President, to remit
these pains and penalties, if peace were restored.
During the conference, the proposed amend
ments to the constitution as adopted by Congress
on the 31st, were brought to our mind. These
amendments provided that neither slavery ner
involuntary servitude, except for crime, should
exist within the United States, or any place
within their jurisdiction, and Congress should
have power to enforce the amendments by ap
propriate legislation.
Of all the correspondence that preceeded the
conference, herein mentioned, and leading to the
sime, you have herewith been informed.
Very respectfully,-
Signed, A. H. STEPHENS,
R. M. T. HUNTER, '
J. A. CAMPBELL.
RICHMOND, FeD. 6. -The Commissioners
were not allowed to land at Fortress Monroe.
At 9 o'clock Friday morning Lincoln and Sew
ard met them on board. The interview lasted
) nearly Ihree hours, resulting as stated in yester-
days telegrams. In course of the -conversation.
I Linrohr stated that Blair's visit to Richmond, so
far as it contemplated any arrangement of peace
was without Ms approval.
Lincoln and Seward both incidentally admit
ted the probability of complication with foreign
nations but professed to be able to suppress the
i reoetlion in time to meet them. They were very
1 courteous to. our Commissioners.
Lincoln related
he said "God
renembered to
several anecdotes. In parting
bless you." Hunter asked to be
all old friends in the North. .
J RICHMOND, Feb. 6. It is understood that
Stephens will return fo Georgia in a few days to
i canvass the Sate for a vigorous prosecution of the
. war. He says the only hope left for the whole
South was in strong arms and stout hearts.
Confederate Congress. , e
RICHMOND, Feb. 6 The Senate adopted the
resolution of thanks to Capt. Semmes, his officers
apd crew,for the victory over the enemy's steamer
Hatteraa, for long -and arduous cruises in the pur
( uit of, and destruction ot tbe enemy's commerce.
The negro bill was further discussed ; the House
amendment leaviug the number of slaves to be iir.
jessed into the army undefined- Agreed to 12
t 8. After executive session, -the Senate ad
turned. RICHMOND, Feb. 6.In the House, resolu
tions wero unanimously adopted, inviting the
. ommissioners to address the members of Con-
ress and citizens, on Capitol Square.
Mr: Moore ofleied a resolution directing t&e
t'ommittee on Military Affairs to inquire into the
? Ixpediency of inverting the Praydent with power
I call into the service all able-bodied male ne
1 J roes in the Confederate States, to b used as he
i tay think best, to aid in tbe military defence of
tur country. The motion to lay them on the
s. Li. a" a A a a mw . .
vmie nagaiiyea si 10 y. ine resolution was
hen adopted.
Mr. Chamber's resolution of enquiry, whether
j le. Confederate Government has tbe right to
Vurcnase slaves as- soldiers and offer them free
dom, was tabled 35 to -
RICHMOND, Feb. "7.--In the Senate, Mr.
Brown submitted the following resolution t
imRttolved, That tbe Committee on Military Af-
. fairs be instructed to report a bill with the least
practicable delay, to take uvo tho military ser-
vice of tbe Confederate States, a number of ne-
gro soldiers, not to exceed two hundred thousand,
! by voluntary enlistment, with the consent of
their masters, or by conscription, as may be found
necessary; and, that the Cnmmittec'provide in
isaid bill, rorema&cipating jfjd negroes in all ta.
sea, where they prove loya? and true to the end
of the war; and, for immediate payment under
proper restrictions, of thtir "present value to
fcheir owners.
Mr. Brown said he introduced this resolution to
abow, that In his piuionv tfce time had come
when we should employ negro tioops. . Now if
ever was the time. We were in the very crijSff
our fate. He had seen, with pleasuravthe revival
of the war spirit, and hoped it would iWep
through the land; but still found our armit.B not
strong enough to withstand the enemy, without
the employment of negro troops...
On. motion of Ur. Maxwell, trie- resol ation was
tramf?rrc6T'to the secret calendar. TheK...
then resolved itself into secret session.
. Tbe IJouse made public the subject which haa
engaged its attention in secret sesiion for several
days past, to wit: tbe tax bill to meet the dis
covery of an error in immediate Habyitiea. The
government needs four handred mill!n. n...
land the Secretary f the Treasury recommends an
ihcrt-ase of the tar ooe hundred per cent, to meet
the deficiency ; he says the character of this debt
is such that its payment cannot be neglected or
postponed, without danger and aeriouslv cmUr-
The House then rs4ved itself into secret session.
Official rrora Gen. I te.
SICUMOND; Feb. 7FoHewiag dispatch was.
aeeeh-ed to-day:
To Gen. S. Coptr; The enemy moved in
strong force yesterday to Ha'tcheri' Rnn. Part
of his infantry with Gregg', cavalry, cresaod,
proceeded on Vaugban's road with his infantry
to Cat Tail creak, and with bia cavalry to Din,
. widdio C, H., where its advance encountered Iler
tan with our cavalry, and retired in, the after
noon. .Part of Hill's and Gordon's troops, demon
atratcd against the enemy on the left of Hatcher's
Run, near Armstrongs Mill j finding hira en.,
trenched, they withdrew after dark.
During the night, the foroo that had advanced
beyond tbe creek returned to it, and were report,
ed to he re-crossing this morning. Pegram's dU
vMon moved down tbe right bank of the creak
to reconnoitre, when it was vigorouslr attacked,
and tbe bat le was obstinataly coote8"ted several
boar, j but Gen. Pegram, being killed, while
bravely encouraging his men, and Col. Hoffman
wounded, some confusion occurred; and the di
vision wa- pressed back to its original position
Evans' division was ordered by Gen. Gotaoito
support Gen. Pegram. They charged the enemy
and forced him back ; but in turn, was compelled
to retire. Mahone's division arriving, the e.e.
eT's7nndnnn faPid,J t0 fi"h.
era run. Our loss reported small: that of the
enemy not supposed great. ' "lnM
(S!"ned) R- E. LEE, Gen.
Immense War Meeting , nichmoRd
SmUU.,CS f rm,dent Davis a ov.
RICHMOND, Feb. 7.In purine, of a call
Gov. Sm.th addressed an immense public meeting
la i night at tbe African Church. Aeriesiof p.f.
notic resolutions were adopted. The last one
was as follows:
face of the world, reverently invoking thereto
ho a,d of Almighty God, we renew our resolve
tomamta.nour liberties and independence, and
tothw end, mutually pledge ourselves, our for
tunes, aud our saeicd honor.
President Davis addressed the meeting about 30
minutes. He was rejoiced to witness this demon
stration ; and expressed his belief that if the peo
pie would give hearty, unanimous response to tho
demands of tha present exigency, the enemy
would next ask for a conference in which to make
known our demands. His life was bound up ia
the Confederacy, under o circumstances would
he be again for reconstruction and union. The
President was frequently interrupted with enthu
siastic cheering.
Several other addresses were delivered. A call
for another mass-meeting, for Thursday hm
been published Weather" ' very inclemet to.
day. The ground is covered with snow and sleet.
Fight Near Petersburg.
PETERSBURG Feb. 7.-Tbere was heavy
fighting en our right yesterday and to-day, which
resulted favorably to oar arms, during a recou
noisance madi, by Gen. Pegram'a Division to
natcher's Run. Yesterday the enemy attacked
and forced his Division back some distance. He
was reinforced by Gen. Gordon's Division, when
in turn tho enemy was forced back a second time.
The enemy being reinforced attacked and drove
our men, until being strengthened by Mahonc'f
pivision, commanded by Gen. Finnegan, a grand
charge by tho thrue divisons was made aad tho
enemies, lines broken. A running fight was kept
up until after dark, when tbe Tankees took ehel
ter in their new worms on Hatcher's Run, from
which they were not driven. Gen. John Pe
gram was killed. Many of the enemy kiJled and
wounded, and a few, taken prisoners. Our logs
was several hundred.
This morning the enemy advanced upon and
charged our lines south of Barged Mill, but
were handsomely repulsed. In a charge upon '
the enemy, Gen. Sorrell, of Oa., was painfully
wounded. Heavy firing heard late this afternoon
in the same direction. Cause unexplained.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 7.-The Philidelphia En
quirer of the 4th has been received. It r.nt;n.
nothing of interest. Impression prevaHed at the
norm on rnaay that the conference at Fortress
Monroe would result in peace. Nothing else was
talked of. Gold closed, however, at 270.
Northern News.
RICHMOND, Feb. 6.-The Herald of the 3d
inst., received. It contains an account of th
movements of the peace Commissioners, and
Lincoln, and speculation as to the result.
Advices from Hilton Head says :
Two corps of Shermans army are advancing
against Charleston.
' More than-two hundred buildicgi ware destroy
ed by fire in Savannah.
Lincoln has abated twenty-Ore per cent, of tha
quota of New York, under the impendiag draft.
Gold unchanged. Lator European new. unim
portant. From Charleston.
CHARLESTON, February 8. A dispatch from
Gen. Wheeler, dated Holmes' Bridge, February
7th, at8 o'clock, say. : My pickets, near Black
ville, this morning, were charged by three brig
ades of cavalry, which drove them beyond tho
village. Dibbrell'g Tennessee' brigade,, being ia
the vicinity, met and charged the enemy, driving
them back into tbe village.
A dispatche from Branehville, this morning,
says : Tho enemy have made their appearance
along the South Carolina Railroad, beyond the
Edisto. They burned a house within a mile and
a half of the railroad bridge. About seven
o'clock yesterday ening, ourtTOopi were with
drawn tothis'sido of the railroad bridge, and
the bridge was burned.
General Y1nder died suddenly on Monday ere
ning, of appoplexy. 4 .