- ' ' ' '
4
THE CONFEDERATE.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADYFRTI8EMEXTH wRt be Inserted at two
doll t u per sqnarenf tea listes (or less) for eact
iasertion. llarriage Botlee aed bitrlei will t e
charged a adrertUemeats. . " '
JOB WORK. .
- JOU WORK ef rrery dcecripUea will b. ,M
ectd at this Office with dispaUk, avd as aeatlf
as eaa s done anywhere ia the Soathera Cos
A. 31. GOIUUX CO., Proprietors.
. TERMS:.
DA HA EDITION, for months ....'..:.$12
i 3 7
. j " 3
T!l!-W2EKLY, forfimh 7
t 3 ; 4
WKKKLY EDITION, for 6 months 5
J " !ifrrirtton w ill bf received o" a nv other !
VOL 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1864.
tormn t hn the above, nor for a longer or shorter
pUMod.
NO. 10.
eoeracy.
1
IP M .'f? '?
ly luj- UVj u il
Shot Again.
We are oV.ige 1 to rcur to the shotting of
deserter n;;iin, because of tho article in the
I royr. o f the 2th Ii that nrficle the Pro
i;ni ktv: "We said nothing about Col.
fJriuies or Lt. Gotf." Now a creat deal is to
ho pardoned of what the Progress dos sav,.for
peveral reion ; tnd w do pardon a great deal :
bat when two honorable and gallant officers are !
sp,kn of a "calkin extorter" of dying con-
fos?on-, and ' miscreants, " then it 'becomes
the part of justice to rmiihh th p'aec of
cleinene.v towarN -n.-li ae.-imer. It is verv
true that the Pro-jrem doe not. in so many It would be wise; if prompt measures were
word, say the miscreants. Col. Grimes and Lt. ! adopted to strengthen our means of resistance
;fT. callously extorted the dyine confession of j to r uch a degree, as to ensure the capture o
.Tame Kinjr; bat it proceeds after alluding to y force which" may have the hardihood to
th-charpe heretofore made that the teaching I 'vj'dertuke tbe enterprise. .This can ba done:
cf th- S'anlard had produced desertion j U is over a liUlr4 'les fm here to Wrtsh'
to p'.o-.v t'nt Virata has had derter : I inPton or 'bem the roads are few and easy
an 1 then it says: ' Did it suit the purposes of j
ome ciIIm,. eresrnre to extort a drinz eon- j
fession fr-n soro one of "these miserable j
wr-teh" at the ,rink of eternity, it mi-ht be j
done;" and then it epre the hope thit
nich r,.ire.Tat will be found at the mournful i
traeedr.
We dismiss the stibj"et with the simple re
TiTirV that, ttnless fiVn?on fas mnde to these two
ofHrs. the artifd wool 1 be very much like th
maj'.ritr of the luonbrstions of that pnper. So
of th other hnppy phrne "there are crawl
uit creepiinr orentitres in t ii State thst would
h-ive nsured h woTld that the blood of the
unfortunate victim were on tHe Standard and
Prnyrr.r,' Now, mnny pr-ons who nre in the
bawt of looking after sich things, mitit ?uppoe
n allusion was intended to us, in the "crawl
ing and creeine creatnre": " but we never for
a moment so considered it: we attributed the j
metaphor wholly ti th-it natural inclination of
men to talk or write " nK;it what run in th'ir
heads" and nothirrar more.
In if' last nrticle, the Profres evidently
winces ; and so it miv : and so miy fr. Holder
Jor th? fart horn by honorable men, .who are
ti'iov rsproarh, that mors than r,nr deserter, in thei
laf hour, have fatten I on the Tlditor of the Pro
jre an I Mr. Jlolden the retponxibiUhf of their
dtath.
In ressurd to-Nethoreutt's battfillion, re axe
promised a full fi'e of the p:per to which we
LTP alluded : and we are assured that an
article will be found therein denouncing the or-g-mi-t'on
of that bittnlion into a reeiment, as a
brea-'li of faith, and much more. We expect to
'e ah'e to show that thnt paper circulated frefly
in tl.at biftall;on, and we shall prove by one
Cjptnin. that nearly his whole compnny de
serted immediately after readitig it. Now if,
in addition to thi. the men who have died have
locnted the cause, then we have a case where
the ciuje was sufficient, and likely to produce
the rfT'"'t; m l t'ie etfrTt wis prolucod.-
Where cm the efl"'et be reft rred t, but to the
c:ui'' ? Now. thfrp is one thin? about which
t o have no difficulty. Viro d not wisji to
so. arrests m.id" for p'vt oT'nce. as a general
thing; b'l wbre ono of our own tn"T has
berrt dor.e to death bv ' jvrntcions example,
tlioii we are clearly of opinion i h it as soon
as the Commissioner is appointed, the inves
tigation should beyin ; and the person on
vrhom is fastened tho responsibility might
to be sentenced to take tlie place of the dead
deserter, and serve out bis time.
Ti e Pro. t res. f says: " Xr des the editor
of ihe Confaifrate lK?lieve that Mr. Hidden is
disloyal." This is certainly the supreme of
s-if-nSMir un-e. L"l th- public only look at it.
,et it th'r.k of tl f Progj'es all its compo
nents all its antecedents all its surround
ing: an.! t'ten think of u t. aul theti imagine
the Protp ess pronouncing for us. ex cathedra,
what we Vtleve. ami what we dn't believe.
WV aro creatures of limited capacities in ibis
ivorld. and fort una My cay not foresee what
we are c uning to. Oa this matter we ffould say-
to the Progress, that it had better be content
with our general arguments ; if it finds them j
not mi' ted to its taste, it would scarce be
p'eased with ur individual belief. As to the
persons who communicated to us from Kiu
pt'n : If the keeper of the drug store can on
ly tell a dose of salts, be is a harmless citizen.
for hi drug is a sdmple aperient ; but out of
the drug establishiuirtit cf the Progress, the
public i;J physicked with the deleterious
poison which produces death to the individu
al, and would -produce fatal malidy U the
governrueiit. We rather givp the preference
to the vci.der of silts.
Hi native who " held office under Lincoln
till the State seceded, " did nothing more
than many ir.cn much worthier men than
the Viujrti did, under a sense of duty ; and
this native has testimonies of his character,
publicly rendered by Mr. Holden, that ought
to give him a famous standing iu the eyes of
the Progress. "Ye know " nothing of what
the Progress has suffered or how it has been
beggared by the war. " Vi'e have heard very
bad accounts of its connection with the army,
and uther things; but we don't care to gc into
that ; and the Progress had better not make
us a witness as to its loyalty. We don't know
much tb.it we could say iu favor of it.
We have heretofore assured the Progress
that there is no personal feeling in our stric
tures upon its course. We never recipro
cate even its homely epithets; we deal with
;t with candor, but never harshly nor disre
!"- tfullv. If we feem to it to be ungener-
ous. it is because "we do 'it justice. When it
so c Tilers its goings tl at justice to 't shall
bo desirable and palatable, then we hall
"'shine" iu it estimation as -both jvsl and
generous.
A Raid.
I -The rumors are rif that Burnside h"a.s a j
cavalry force of several thousand- at Washing- j
u. Iftlis he true, most tike ly a raid towards
j1". P'-'cc TOay h meditated by the enemy, j
j There are many reans for this supposition,
I unnecessary now to mention. f
f "bbtructiqn, and around Raleigh there are .
strategic positions that, well held, will afford ;
5ure VoV ction' W have been informed that
weak-kneed men recommended the surrender of j
lciiy. when a former raid was threatened.
repetition of such ,ugge,tion ought to be j
i allowed now. If necessary to secure to the j
military Authorities the necessary freedom of j
action, martbil law oujtht to beat once declared j
upon the invasion ; and any man who stand for j
a moment, by counsel or att, in the way of a
successful defence, ought to be . shot. And
while we are averse, as a general thing, to say
ing what we are willing to Jo, in suwi an emer-
I
foe in whatever direction he ma' come.
The military department will be under the
control of Col. Mallet i. unless some ranking
officer supercedes him We invite his attention
to the possibility of a raid-towardn Raleigh : and
we recommend a constant caution, and such
preparation as may enab'c us to make a success
ful ashitance to tlje Confederate authorities in
conducting the defence.
Very Strange.
Several per ns bave assured ns that, a half
sheet from the Standard officii, has beeu pub.
Iirh d fr eirculntion, within the pist few days
and the Iredell Express chirges that Mr.
Iblden " is endeavoring to supplant Gov
Vrance in tho affections f the people and of
th army, by circuit s and Idtcrs'.1' Now i y
this triv ? Is Mr. H-ddeii engaojed the
trickery of secret circdir distri!utiug ?
hope it can be denied".
We
Is it true, either, t' at. wl i'e professing to
have suspended the publication of the Stand
ard, whence does not -end it to his cxchabC'
a!thcu,T.h h- has asked that his (changes to
him may bee. u'i'iiied he is actually engaged
in publishing the S;and mi on the sly tint to
Ikj sent to his general subsc ibers, nor t his
exchanges but to pxrticuUr favorites? I c is
impossible. We will not believe that ar y one
as sensible is.Mr. H-dden, Wi.iild adopt a sys,
tern of trickery si unworthy. If it be true,
it will deservedly draw down upon Mr. Hol
dn tfn4 peremptory cuidenHiatiun f the whole
press fratemi y. for what will be considered j
by them as a cheat, in obtaining their ex !
thinjres whilst withholding his. on thep'eaof
suspension. We hope Mr. Hidden will give
to this report an 'Unqualified contradiction,
and we will be glad t publish his det.il.
Haranguing.
Rumor about twn bath it that, on ati
afternoon not long ince, Gov. Vance toik it
into bis head to stroll alontrjhe line of the
Raleigh and Gaston r ulroad, in the direction
of the company shops, and his attention being
attracted thereto ho looked into the window,
or walked into the door, 'when lo ! and behold!
there was candidate Mr. Holden, holding
forth-to the operatives in quite an animated
ge.ticulatory way while. "John,'' (as George
Mil's Jny familiarly calls the Progress whvn
tnvmng ii to oreaKias'j was a ueiigntea atMi
tor, catching to t2 brimful! the "droppings of
the sanctnatv." When the Governor entered
the tableau was complete. On this Plate of
the case these questions arise in our minds:
Quere Fir.t. Is a small chat, quite in a i
colloquial way, to a railroad dire- tor, who is at
the same time master machinist, and a few
operatives, in a retifod, out of the way place,
delivered quite in a colloquial way is this
bar mguing fur votes ?
Q acre Second. If an editor happens tu be
present, quite accidentally, and hears the
speaker, and holds his hat," is this editor a
supporter, or is ho a neutral, or is he a ' half
a,il n:" '
Quere Third.- If a live Governor, on an
evening walk, happens to look in, is he veri-
tably a Paul Pry ? dot be intrude ? Is the
candidate caught ?
Is the editor " per-
PLEXED ? '
Important to All. vYe would call the
attentioa of our readers to the advertisement
headed "Looms." These machines have
been successfully tested, and recommend
themselves highly to all 'who would be prac
tically independent of both yankee and fo-
reign manufacture. Fur a minute description
see advertisement.
Fr m Northern Virginia. Advices from
Northern Virginia, yesterday, report that the
Yankee army is falling back from the Rapidan
to the Rappahannock. If this be so, it will
probably occasion an advance or other change
of onr w'n 1W.
, Vroai the Richmond Egiminer.
A Bold Speech In the Northern Congress
on the War.
A ,r.e.a k, nu-y P..eeu as in possesion for a whilc mX alunft b uu tmiUylt be
of a copy of a late spech delivered in the i nblnliirijly pr.KU:tns himself !, v,f
Northern Congress by Hon. William J. Allen,
of Illinois, on the war and the state of the coun
try. It is a bold and feav'ess document, ani
exposes, with unsparing hand, the corruption
and infamy of Liucolo and his party. We do
not know that we can do better than give some
extracts from it. They afford a' valuable page
. to the history of this war, and doubly so when
it comes as a -voluntary 'contribution to the
evidence of the wicked and devilish spirit with
which th:s war has been wged against. the
South :
the racriessioNs or tub north -at the out-
. BREAK OF Till: WAR.
When the war broke out, the great cry nt the
No. th was that it whs a war for 41 the Union
and the Constitution " Mr. Alletf, in his speech,'
produces some interesting scraps of history to
show with what smooth and seductive profes
sions tlje North att-mpted to lull the South into
a feeling of security. Think of the crusade now
being waged against slavery, aud then read the
fo lowing professions of the North, r. hich Mr.
Alien brings t light from- the occult archives at
Washington:
Soon after the battle ff Mauassas, and when
the panic was over, and Beauregard had failed
to occupy the capital, the Houe of Represen
tatives adopted the following resolution, in
troduced by Crittenden, with but two dissenting
votes :
" 'that this war i- not -waed in any spirit
d" oppression, or .for any purpose, of conquest
or subjugation, or purpose of overtlir owing
or ituerfriina with the rights or established
institutions of .these States, but to defend and
ri.ainUin the supremacy f th Cor sritufion
arul to preserve the Union, with all the d g
nby. eqn-dity, and rights of the several State
mdmpaired, and" that a-5 so in as these obj 'cts
are acoomp'ished the war ought to ee:S".
A short time afterwards a similar re-tolu-ti
n was submitted to the Senate by Andrew
.loiirsoo, o rVen n essee, And, my recollection is.
unanimously adopted. Rut a few ilays be
f'!' this, mi to 4 h day of July. 18(il. the
Piesw'cnt spke to Congress-. as follows :
" L st there be some uneasiness in the
minds f candi 1 men as to what is to be the
course of the'Governmrnt toward the South
rrn Sjatesaftej' the rebellion shall have been
suppressed, the Kxeoutivp deems it proper to
say b wil bo his purpose then, as ever, to be
guided lj the Coastifutinn an I the lairs He
desires to preserve, the Government, that - it
may be administered for all, a'JVt was admin
istered by the men ,vho m ide it."
About the same time a tnc-mmber of tho
CaMoet. Hon. Caleb B. Smith, since deceased,
)roceedctl to Provi 1-nee, i:i the State of Rhode
Iidand, and address-d to the pub ic t'n'e follow
i; g cheering word-: .
'I he theory of this Gvernment is that
the Satrs nre scvere.ign within -thvir proper
Sj)hore. 'The Government of the United
States has no more right to interfere with the
insli'uti-'U of slavery in South Carolint than
it has to interfere with the peculiar iustitu?
t;ons of RIv do Tslnnd '
" My frietids, wo make no war upon South
ern institutions. We recognize th r'ght of
South Carolina, and Georgia to ' hold slaves
if they desire them.
'"It is n ! the province of the Government
of the United States to enb-r into a crusade
against the institution if slavery. I wou'd
pro lnim tr th"3 jieople of alt the Statesiif the
Uni'-n the right to manayt theiv institutions
in i h Kir own icay." -
Ii w;i9 in this spitit, and about the Shtne
time, that Mr. Seward issued his instructions
to '-or representativesab" road, in which he di
rectcd them to make public avowal of the pur
poses winch would eontrol the Government in
provccuti..g the war. In h's dispafc?:es to Mr.
Dayton, our ndnister at the court. tf St. Cloud,
he used the following language :
" It is h.ardly nceessarv to add to this in
con'estible statement the further fact that the
new Prendent, as wlbas the citizr through
whose suffrages he has come into the admin
istration, has always repudiated all designs
whatever. ad wherever imputed t him arid
them -,f dislu rb'my the system of slavery as k
is existing under the Constitution and laws
The case, however, would not be fully pre
sented if I ere to pmit to say that any such
effort on his part woujdbe unconstitutional,
and all his actions, in that direction would be
prevented by the judicial authority even
though they wore assented to by 'Congress
and the perple. " Instructions to Mr. Day
ton ia 1861.
THE WAR AS'NOW WAGED.
Turning from the specious professions of
the North, at the ou break of the war, Mr.
Alien dwells upon the shameless perfidy of
the Washington Government, and shows how
the war, commenced uuder the cry of the
Union andhe Constitution," 1ns been con
verted into a crusade. against slavery and a
war i .f extermination and plunder against the
people ot the South. He says:
We have eeen the rights of the people
usurped in Maryland and Delaware, and in
portions of Kentucky. We have seen tbeir
constitutions and laws suspended by the
edicts f tho President and his minions, the
ballot-b x trampled into the dust, and the
slavish creatures .of his tavoutitism fob ted into
oftic and honor, not to represent the inter
csts oi the voice of the.people of those States,
not to" dts hnrge the duties incident to the
offices which they obtained by a combination
of fraud and force, but to register and assist
in executing the decrees of a mastt r, whose
slaves, violator of the Constitution as he is,
they are torally unworthy to be.
o o o e o o
Even her almost every hotue, except the
habitations of contractors aud ah -litionbts,
has become the abode of bereavement, often
ot desolation ; taxation is grinding ah classes
except the petted plunderers of the Govern
ment'; 'and jrvhiie national and individual
bankrnp cy is impcntliug, a more terrible
doom is apprehended and feared." We can
not shut our eves to the fact that the elective
franchise is endangered.
THfT PRESIDENT MESSAGE.
Mr. Allen is equally severe in his strictures
on Lincoln's message Hesavs;
.
By declarations he stands convictCAl cr'm
inal hypocrisy in regard to matters v tal to
the existence otthe c nntry ; and now, hav
ing thrown .fT those res trait is which were
i -
States, and assumes to ileal with their covern-
men s and tbe lights and property of loyal
op!j with a sway inoro cruel anil despotic
thatri cl.iu:e 1 fr any -"monarch or Uespt iu
the wot Id. o o; Themssaa
was reparetUy the President and those who
acted as his unmediate advisers, v.ith direct
reference b proltmg-ation ,f tho war. and
tnis desire b protract the hostilities has fir
its object no otbor or higher aim than tire
repfabetisiblc and criminal one oi re-electing
Ivm. .
Lincoln's ' ainf-sty pco:lamatiox " kvkn
laugh kd at.
Lineo'n's amnesty proclamation, or bis
" offer of n irdon to tjii; rebels, "as his friends
re pleased to style it, excite, even ridicule
at the North. Mr. Allen; alluding to it,
says: 0
The only answer ' m st of them will make
to his proposals is that f dt fiance. I repeat
that the' President proposes terms t tne peo
ple of the Suith, which all sensible men must,
know that, diey vll reja:'d as degridinj TIiq
jackals who follow the ami' for the purposes
of piunder are .ot part of the.S mthern peo
ple ; and the I'yal Leagues whic'i they may
form within nvbtary posts I b. not take info
the account. N t jlo 1 allude to thoseexcre-scenc-s
upon the political an 1 military sys
tem known as " nniii iry governors " such
adventurers upon the l-azird of a rnil!e
civil war as Johnson, of Tennessee, and ll-'in-ilton,
of Texasj? Tlu-y have ben se!ec;ed, I
supp se, to " govern ' tns w'to h tt iho n,
just as eunuchs are appointed to guard the
harem. liaoh excites the disgust of t!io.e
who are compelled to endure their presence.
A " RAID " 1NT NO'lTil CAROLINA A etOTTRK
t.F THK
WAR F
t;
THE UNIoN A.N'I) THE
CoN ST I TUT I :
Mr Allen, referring t- a speech of his col
league, Mr. Arnold, in wh eh Mr. Liruv.fo
was ass ci i'ed nit'i the Saviour f mankind,
reminds him tlsat the command of our Sirioiir
"Vas that- servants s' uld he '. t)liciirei)t to
their jnaxlers," and then presents w view the
following picture of the war:
But a few days ago, a Norfolk 'corresp n
dent of the New York Times wrote ns follows
in regard, to a nezro rai l which General But
ler cause 1 to h". made into Nor ii Cirolina
The materia! results of the raid may be
summed up as follows: Between t ato and
three tho''sahd slaves were released from Ito.i
ctage, with wh.n were taken along about
three liunered anl fifty ox, horse Hod imi'e
teams, and from fit ty to seventy-five saddle
horses, some of them valuable animal. The
guerrillas lost thirteen killed and w.-iaided;
ten duelling hi u.-.es with many thousand bush
els of corn b longing to them, .were burned,
besides two dis'idericst. four of the camps
were destroy-d, ami one of their number a
hanged ; and one hundred rifles, uniforms,
inftntry equipments, etc , fell into our hands
as spoils, with bss on the part of ihe bri
gdder of twelve-killed and wounded with one
man taken prisoner. Besides this, fourteen
rebrl prisoners and four liostages were brought
in. .
41 In regard Jo its moral and political re
sults, h weve., t.bi? importance of. the raid
cannoc be over-estimated. The c 'Unties iti
vaded by the cohort d troops Were completely
patdc-stneken. Scot uf -families, for no
cause but a gui ty Conscience, fletl into the
swamps on their approach. Never ws a
region thrown into suchcommotion by a rail
before. Proud soi.ns of chiralry, accustom
ed to claim the most abject obetlience from
their slavrs. liVrally fell on their knees before
these armed and lUginfonned blacks and begged
for their lives. I was frequently asked bow
I, aei'i o. dared to trust myself among such
iucar t: d, Ti(ns. ' What shall I do to be
tav-d 1 " v., 1- cueslioq wkel on every
side. ' .
Thi laid, Mr C irmn,; is but a spec'mtn
of the movt.meu's which It vc characterized
many of our nn:i .iry ojr .tiom. Plundfer,
wholesale and ind;criniir;a;e, upon' the loyal'
and disl yal alike, if we in:y believe tiie corres
do'.ddoce published in our own p ipers, and iif
formation derived from other reliable source?,
ha been so common and conducted upou a "
scale so vast that it has bccone no longer a
matter of surprise.
It is perpetrated in every form, under the
semblance of trade regulations,, impressments
by pretended levies upon the disloyal, and by
military orders which nffurd fcufficient pretexts
forthose whose choice pursuit is plun ier. . It is
true that we bear occasionally that such men as
Butler and Curtis have been suspended; bat the
hungry cormorants who seek plunder, and know
they can obtain it under the -auspices of such
men, are not long in having them restored to
commands where their cupidity may be grati
fied. thk corruption at washington the work 0v
fiutler unmasked di3 record in new
Orleans.
Leaving this raid, Mr Allen proceeds to speak
of the. wholesale and indiscriminate plunder in
this war, and particularly of the infamy of
Butler's career :
The robberies under the reign of Butler at
New Orleans have been so palpable as to shock
the sensibilities of mankind. No prize was
too great, no inducement too small for bis en
terprise. From the State capitol to the grave
yard, from the parlor to the kitchen, hia grasp
ing band was extended. All accounts agree
that things have been done at New Orleans
under the flag of our country which if not
disavowed will disgrace the Governroentin all
coming time. I "will mention one instarce,
as it was published in the New Orleans Era.
That paper is the organ of the Administra
tion there the most of its articles are head- d
" by authority' I will read the Era's re
port. It is in the following words :
Confiscation or Tombstones .-There
was one splendid rooaument a stately col
umn or py ramid, intended to mark the spot
where rests the remains ot Colonel Charles D.
Oreux, the youthful orator who fell early in
the war iu c mmand of a Confederate battal
ion. This was constructed at a cost of fifteen
hundred dollars, and under the hammer of
the auctioneer it brought one hundred dollars.
Cheap monument, if the purchaser intended
it for his own tomb. There was another mon-
l nment eoial in sise and beauty, wbioh brought
only thirty dellars. TiHnbtmes sold as cheap
as marble.
The whrtle world is Tamil tar with the plun
dcr of c.t!y roninns and Urge estate, with
robberies of cknrche and public iustitittiorw.
rrotn these we turn to.t public sale of a
dead nun's t.mbstone. othiuir seeme.1 t.-
hu r low fir the ruMwr's grasp. The re-1
suit is thai, instead 6f returcliVW law i
and order, the country occupied by ur armies '
h.s in nmny instances bVen given' over to
pillage and plunder ; and ihey who wtchel
the approach ol tir proud old flag, as the har
binger id" peace, look now only upon a ruined
cissntry antl a pillaged peopW. The jnst and
considerate portion of our peoplo will remem
ber the barbarities, (he shameless robberie
on ii s man who so sudden'y rose from th
ranks of bis original e.csi hi friends t tin
e
th
grade of mjjor-geueral f volunteers ; nr will
they i rget that h's fa-ne rests more up 71 his
persecutions of the tit armed and unoffending
than the tenor he has 'caused among the
rebels in the fiell. It is now nearly three
rears since hi doimed the Federal uniform.
During that time he has planned Bg Rethel
and o.her similar iiaster ; but he has nevrr,
I believe,- been in. personal danger, or a party
to the nnt unimportant. skirmMj, although
by alleged vioUthuis of the laws of civili. d
war fa re he has won for li!m.selfthe outlawry
of our enemies
This hss ben his ehiif ' military distine
ion : at ! now, after a year of rej.se in Nefc
England, we And him a p poitred to an im
pirtant command in Virginia and North Car-
0 ma.
Wish a cWliy -ijuickpned by public j
exposure, with his avarice stimulate' 1 by the
su cess of former pillaging, and with a slntbdi
subsc r-itMicy to the whoso motives he de
n -nut o 1 for many years of his life, U: i turn
ed loov upon a. rebellious people, who, what
ever their ius may be, are at least siocere in
regarding him as a monster. And when a
few days ago a member from New York
Mr". Feinmdo Wpd submitted a resolution
ca'ting for a emmittre to inquire into Jiis
conduct, the K.'publk'an members of this
H 'tis-, aided by one of the PresLIen.'s inili
tiry appointees from Kentucky, Mr. Andir-
son.) voted to suppress the investigation ;
and it was suppre-o.-od, and tbU man, whoso
career ironijled wi h so msny criu?s, is as
surretl .f imuiunity, and launches ajaiii with
renewed license upon additional fields of plun
der. .
You may declaim as you wiH of your anxiety
for peace; liut with the President's programme
of Mihjugatinja wiioV people aud Miteverting
the Governments of State?, and with such reeu
as Butler despoiling whole onim unifies in the
- name of co tis!Htioo, we cannot be'ieje you
sincere : and if sincere, it but leinu;-trtt? the
utter untitness of the party in power ePher to
conduct the war or administer the G vernment
in times of iHofouude&t peace.
1.1: '"oi.n's mania for .k-v.lction ub visits
tiik " m'iel m.tists, ' am) is nominatkd bt
A L osE WOMAN.
Mr. Ailen emphatically confirm the rumour
that L-rtcoln is a cni.did.ate for another term,
and that his wjnmns are nt work for him.
Alluding to this, Mr. Allen ?v:
N bil ail -military operations arc nespeidel,
and our ;irmi s compelled to remain inactive
liccaiiS ot the iiju's of win"ir. the White
llou.-e i-i bsfi2tl by an army f-ofti jialj.
whose surest paurt to promotion is a blind
and slavi.di admiration of lii who dispenses
power and patronage. He hears n. thing but
from syc qlvtnts; bce 1 4 nothing which is n-it
bi uhttorv of hio gieatners; reads n- thing but
"fulsome prdsestit ijs aduiiuitrativ abili'ies,
antl heark.-ns t no counsel which tl s li'M. as
hiio o! a re-el" lion. To su'c! an t x' nr It-s
sure tSris maui . foi; rc-e!ejtit'i c i t jl him. that
o-dv a few evening since he a teudc 1 u tn idei
artist's exhibition in this ball, at which an
u sr'xt d W'onian nominntcd him for re-election,
lt was done in Us personal presence, amid
tj afdaus t.f t he ladies antl geuttemen,
courtesan' and contractors, parasites ancl
pltcemrn. then and there assembled While1
our sentinelij were freesingat their p-Js ;
vbilo brothers were perishing by slow de
grees iu a hostile cot fliet, rendored doubly
- appaaiing by the fury Vf the element-!, fbe
Ci ief Magistrate of the country was in at
tendance at a political ' Canterbury," where
the chief and most ludicrous act was his own
nomination for re-election. The performance
being unique, of course the attendance was
large. The chief political danseusc proposed
the mime of Abraham Lincoln, :.s previously
arranged bythe managers, and all the attache
said yes, as thcy thought of their days of
lengthened official repose in AlTalram's bosom.
WHAT MAY BK EXPECTED IF LINO LN IS RE
FLECTED " EOCIAL PROG BESS " AT TUE
WJIHE IDUSE.
Mr. Allen gives tho following vivid picture
of ' the national capital' ia the event of
Lincoln's re-e lection :
Should the people again elect" the bonest
est man in Springfield" to the presidency,
may we hopfl for some change in the person
nel cd the Government ? The brave and in
trepid Sumner may yet command the army of
the Potomac , Fred Douglas may yet suceeed
the irrepressible Seward ; while the p litical
woman " may be installed a grand ispector .
of the royal households Doubtless when a
few more strong minded women have gather
ed around th capitol tbe avenue will emit
a sweeter fragrance, quite as delightful as the
odour of the Presidential mansion on New
.-Year's day, when greasy wgrots teere present
ed I o the President amid the blandest smile
of their fair country women of AnteAcart dt
scent. . - "
What American oltisen who witnessed the
animating scene did not rejoice at tke rapid
- social progress the country has made under the
rule of Abraham tke First ? Oar coloured
' friends, who under former administrations dsre4.
act obtrade themselves at the White House, are
now allowed to be gallant to the estimable ladies
of high officials, while that high functionary,
the President, looks approvingly npoa the be
witching scene. (
THE IMMENSE COST OP THR WAR THE NORTH OK
. THK VERGE OP riNAKCIAL RCIR.
Mr. Allea speaks forcibly of the immense ex
penditures of the war, and the rapid! accanra
lating debt of the North He says :
There is a point of enduranoe beyond whls
even nations cannot go a precipice whieh they .
cannot safely approach. I fear we are already
standing at its verge, beyond which the yawn
ing" rulf of social and fins: cial rain awaits tea
. . . . . . . . . & - 1 A . ' :
ail. A people nunerro wr.orasTnrnra a imi
tion, with no knovletle of a pnblte debt hot
traditionary horror of Ha miseries. Is svddenly
called yoon to confront a national isxifbtedoees
of ev er rro thand nitUom !
Thrs figures are startling, vet lh Jnm ia
increasing at the rate f more thanfVo vvllions
per hg. prtsging invitable paiatjs aud
baiikriiprcv to all. N. interest 1st 00 great,
mi industry He small, 1.0 invedment too rc
cure. to eMwpe the storm which is gathering
and impending over os.. The annual interest
opo our public indebtednea, at six per cent.
Ier annoai, will amoont to over one bnndrel
and twenty million nearly twice the amount
of tie ordinary annual timate'bf the expenses
of th Government nuder tornitr administration-,
nearly douSlo the atwi of onr annual
average expenditures during the adminUra.
tion which waged the war with Mexico. If
we grant that this indhtedness ha been
necrrsary or unavoidable; the figures still stare
n in the faei. suggestive of a future financial
ci bis which n wUh sUtentan-diip would ek
lo palliate or .n id. Far off in tho distant
future generations yet unburn will bewail the
load of debt which is Wir.g entailed npoti
them by the madness of tho time.
Tire Georgia Terms Ur. Holden Folio.
The one or two agitation pspera in this State
thnt favor the exploded Convention schtme ict
on foot by the Standard and Its advisers, are
endeavoring to produce the impression that
Gov. Brown and the Georgia Legislature favor a
likemovetneut.The Register and lutelligencer,
attlsnta. hive been engaged in discussing
t hose-point the Iteg ster dissenting fioto, aud ,
the l4tter approving the late Georgia action.
The one favoring, the lutelligfiicer, exonerate
both itself and the Register from affiant ion with
Mr. Maiden's scheme, in such Ungusg as
this l , .
X r bss this pnper ever been laggard in de
fending, orin maintaining tho&e doetrittes.
True, it did not sustaju the 'jitter's M peace
propo-ition through the intervention of the
States. That ides of our neighbor we looked
upon hs a weak one; as far removed from Hie
peace proposition of Governor Brown, or the
one eibraoed iu Mr. Stephens' resolution, re
cently adopted by the legislature of Georgia,
as the Remitter's position is from Ibddeu'e and
hi pHt ty hi North Carolina. We will do . our
nrighbor the justice to say, that those papers
which liken his movement to that of the North
t'arwriii4 traitor, grossly miereprerent him.
And 'yet, .we could n-ver endorse, but opposed
his plan of State intervention. We helJ, when
we did so, aud still in Id, as Governor Biowr,
in hi mestisge pi . oes, that tenns or proportion-
for peace, to the eneiuy, chould etonr, uot
from a separate, though sovereign JtHfe, n r
from several States, but from our fcofci nmri t
at llichmond a government itpresenting the
eutii c infederscy of Screiga Statef.
.
A Protmt. The following pr ts' a."jiii.t
the Stephens rejol triotK upon the habem
corpus was signetl late last Saturday night in
the n irry of the enwdrg scenes tf the (Jeorgia
f-gi-'ature, bv forty -on ineinbers' of tiie
Il.u-e: ...
We., the ui dc riigt ed. inunlrs f the Home
of He r s-mtativ s, protest agaiotthe passage
oC th f -rgoing res dtitious :
1. It caitte w brieve the rffht of Coagreu to
u p.-nd the writ of habeas rrp it a clearly r
Cfgnued power in the constitution, under limit
tion.-t therein prescribed.
2 THat while wo believe all airests f ritien
fdiould binsdc by warrant ierned opnt, tuu-e,
eujy -1 tel by oath or affirmation ; and th Isw of
congivef AVpeuding the writ, sdtnita of doubtful
eon-trcuci.oi as trt the powers granted tin? lreri
dent u iLr Ihe same ; still webeluire th conntrur.
tion of tld hew I tfitj province ol th courts of th
country to cb-triraine and trot th legislature.
Ii. it 't-auae the retdntioQr ia their tidnrr
torcrtall the decition of the Ctyrt upon the tub.
j;ct, which we reeerd beyoud the prvince of th-
i
1
I Legislature, and an int'ringeinent upon the rights
1 of a e -ordinate branch of the government.
reapeuting the policy ef paMinr aaid law, rtill,
law abiding citixvaa. it iour duty to acqui?c in
its enforcement until the court hall decide upon
it eotiatitutionality.
u. llecaui we bclirva tbediacuaaion of lhe.e
qartttioiitt in the present unhappy and ditractd
condition of ihe couutry ia calcalated to divide,
the pconle, array tbrra against their governtae i:t,
and be fruitlul of much etil.
MISCKLLANKOIS ITKXI8.
Old Ct'RRKVcr. E very m in who tivn a
four per cent, bond has mide 38J per cent.,
aside Irnnrt the contingent profit that mty
a'-cure from holding the bind. Let our pot
pl Iear this fat t in mind, and invest all they
can in the new securities.- Thoughtless peo
ple may suppose that because the present cur
rei. cy is to be taxed Z2 xr cent, after tha
li-t "f 'April, it ia therefore depreciated.
iSu-h is not the caso. .Kvery outstanding note
to-day L more valuable than eer "before, for
tho simple: reason that if funded in season it
cotpnienc.es thereafter to bear interest, which
it th tea not at the present time. Hence it is a
wise; provision of the Government which,
while seeking to diminish a redundant circula
tion, not only protects the holders of its cur
rency, but actually pays a profit to every in
dividual who avails himself.cit the lenelit of
the (uodiogacc. Carolinian.
The Biblical Hecor tcr gives the annexed
note, from the Rev; Mr. Pritchard, ef this
city :
Ex-Prc inr.NT Franklin Pierce, Lsxt
Opting a prominent member of the church cf
which I was pastor in Baltimore, met at the
St. Nicholas, in New York, Ex-President
Pierce.
Mr. Pierce manifested the warmest sympa
thy for the South in this struggle for kidc
ptnlon:e, drelated that the only hope for
freedom on this confine nt was In the success
of the South ; that old he was he should
have been in the Gnfederatc army but for
the health of his wife, and that he desired
no higher earthly honor than , to be a pr.'vate
in the ranks of the Southern army.' '
T;H.PrrcitAD.
A Parallel. A few days ago we were
visited with the coldest spell of weatber and
the hardest freeae which hat occurred since
the year 1857. an J Tuesday, we wituessed the
heaviest snow which biaa fallen since that -yesr.
At the Spring and dimmer of 1867
were very favorable to the crops, we may hope
that the same swasoos of 1864, will be alike
propitious of full grsoarfes tnd lrns. )tfn
tule Rfisler. -