CAN’T LIVE ON TWO-CENT FARE.
Louisville & Nashville's Reply to
Tennessee Committee.
Special to the Nashville Banner.
- Louisville, Ky., Feb. 28.—“ The
Louisville & Nashville railroad can
not live and do business in the State
of Tennessee on a 2-cent passenger
rate,” declared Charles L. Stone, gen
eral passenger agent of the company,
at last night’s session of the special
joint legislative committee of the
Tennessee general assembly appoint
ed to inquire into the matter of pas
senger rates in the state in connec
tion with the bill pending before the
legislature to reduce the rate from 3
to 2 cents per mile.
“I can’t imagine for a moment that the
Tennessee legislature or any other
legislature would compel the Louis
ville & Nashville railroad or any other
railroad to adopt a 2-cent passenger
schedule —a thing that assuredly
would not conserve the interests of
the state or of its people.”
Some Less Than Three Cents.
Mr. Stone was asked if the com
pany did not have a short-line rule,
for instance, between Nashville
and Clarksville, where the passenger
rate was about 2 cents a mile. He
replied that a round-trip ticket was
sold between those points for $2.40 for
the sixty-one miles. The answer
brought the question as to whether
the company did not have other short
line rates, and Mr. Stone replied that
it had too many to remember. Family
tickets, school tickets, interchangea
ble mileage tickets and others were
then discussed, and it was admitted
by Mr. Stone that the company re
ceived less than 3 cents a mile for
them. The interchangeable mileage
issued by the company, he said, was
good over 32,500 miles of railroad, and
cost 2 1-2 cents per mile.
Mr. Becker testified that no separ
ate accounts of freight and passen
ger earnings are kept by the L. & N.
and he could not say whether the pas
senger business is conducted at a
profit or a loss. There was no way of
estimating comparative value of
freight and passenger rolling stock.
Last year’s report showed net earn
ings per mile from all sources of
$773.37. The road received 2.4 cents
per mile for each passenger carried.
For Tennessee to cut the rate from 3
to 2 cents would mean a reduction in
earnings of from $20,000 to $30,000 a
month, he thought. The road sells
about thirty thousand tickets a day.
Mr. Becker said he did not think
abolition of passes would increase
revenues, as 99 per cent of the people
who ride on passes will quit riding,
if they have to pay. He did not think
the reduction in rates would
increase travel sufficiently to
help revenues. He said the amount
of travel depends on the population
of a territory, and that In the east you
can see 500 church steeples from a
mountain top, whereas you can see
about ten from Lookout Mountain
Controller Charles Hayden was the
next witness. The investigation will
continue throughout tomorrow, and
Chairman C. C. McCord, of the Ken
tucky railroad commission will be a
witness.
R R R
“1 TOLD YOU SO,” SAYS CLEMEN
CEAU.
“I Knew the Church Was Fooling Bel
and, but the Cabinet Let Him Have
His Way.”
Paris, Feb. 24.—The Clerical organs
unanimously declare that Cardinal
Richard, Archbishop of Paris, will not
submit to the new proposition of'the
French government regarding church
leases, and their Rome despatches in
sist that Pope Pius is resolved to
istlck to the original phraseology adopt
ed by the French bishops, and to re
tuse even to discuss the government’s
amendments making the parish priests
responsible for keeping up the church
es and barring foreign priests or mem
bers of banished orders as parties to
contracts.
Premier Clemenceau says: “I nev
er expected the church to accept the
conditions, but Minister of Worship
Briand did, and the cabinet unanimous
ly gave him a chance to close the ne
gotiations upon those terms. The fu
ture will show whether he is the victim
of an illusion or I am mistaken.”
“If no agreement is reached, what
will happen?” Clemenceau was ask
ed.
“Nothing very terrible,” he answer
ed. “I think we shall return to the
solution previously contemplated. The
churches will remain open—that goes
without saying, and without lease to
the clergy—and the state, the depart
ment or the commune, as the case may
be, <lll pay the cost of repairs to a
church out of that church’s funds. But
rest assured that the government will
concede nothing further. The Repub
lican majority in the chamber of depu
ties would not indorse it, nor would
any member of the cabinet, not even
M. Briand, favor yielding more.”
H H
WAYS OF THE LOBBYIST.
The successful lobbyist is born, not
made. His essential characteristic is
a native, inherent diabolism that can
not be acquired. He is Mephisto
pheles incarnate. His blood runs cold
and his heart never beats quick. Ap
pealing to the sybarite in others, he
is himself an ascetic. He plies the
arts of the panderer, but is not stirred
with the lust of the libertine. Pro
viding for his victims every pleasure
of the sense, he shares in none. His
enjoyments are all of the mind and his
revelries in thoughts of how he has
debased his fellow men. All the po
etry of life for him is summed up in
the one grand epic—“The Fall of
Man.” His supreme article of faith
is original sin, and his single labor of
love to illustrate its efficiency.—St.
Louis Republic.
n n n
CONFEREES CALL IN LOBBYIST.
Burlington Man Asked to Join Delib
eration on LaFollette Bill.
Washington Bureau, The Public Led
Washington Bureau,
The Public Ledger.
Washington, Feb. 27. —Conferees on
the LaFollette hours of service bill
got together this afternoon. Their
first operation was to invite in for
consultation W. W. Baldwin, whose
official title is “assistant to the presi
dent” of the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy railroad, and whose business
is to lobby for what that railroad
wants. He has made his headquarters
here in Washington all winter fighting
this hours of service bill.
It is not altogether unprecedented
for conferees to consult with outsid
ers, but it has been a very long time
since a conference committee openly
advised with a railroad lobbyist. But
the Burlington road is the main factor
in the district of Mr. Hepburn, who is
the chairman of the house conferees.
R R R
If we kill more and wound more in
our industrial army every year than
fell or were wounded in any one year
in the civil war, is it not about time
that there was a change made? —San
Antonio Light.
R R R
It is time our railway managers
were compelled to move out of Wall
street, quit trying so hard to build up
their personal fortunes, and pay some
attention to the physical condition of
the great properties under their con
trol. —Ft. Worth Telegram.
R R R
“Maw!” “What is it Johnny?” “Do
the ocean greyhounds ever bite the
ocean tramps?”—Louisville Courier-
JournaL
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
198 Peachtree Street. - ATLANTA, GEORGIA B
R R R
Chartier Shorthand I
J makes HIGH CLASS stenographer in 6 to 13 WEEKS. Why spend S ffl
a to 12 months on out-of-date systems?
Our pupils learn to KEEP BOOKS exactly as they are kept In
9 business.
FOUR MONTHS, S2OO saved on a combined course.
DORMITORIES furnish wholesome discipline and BOARD at &
ACTUAL COST.
A POSITION is secured for every graduate.
-■ WRITE TODAY for new and attractive catalog.
SEE D S FORIO CTS
300 kinds of Flower seeds and 5 packages Garden seeds—
Radish, Tomato, Cabbage, Lettuce and Onion—all for only 10c., with
our new 1907 Catalogue, full of good things for the Garden, Field and
Flower Garden. lowa Success Seed Corn, the best that lowa soil can
grow. Package free. Address to
F\ C. Graves Seed Co.
Dept. Y. - Des IVloines, lowa
DR. IV. M. PITTS’
ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR
The Greatest Family Medicine
Dr. W. M. Pitts, who, as the originator of Pitts’ Carminative, has
been a benefactor to tired mothers and suffering babes, after a suo
cessful practice of Fifty Years, now offers to the public his Greatest
Combination of Medicines In PITTS* ANTISEPTIC INVIGORATOR. It is
a great scientific medicine. Although new to the people, it is a great com
bination of health-giving medicines, and cures when all else falls. It puri
fies the blood, stimulates the action of the liver, bowels, and kidneys, there
by removing poisonous bacteria (or germ) matter from the whole system,
to aid nature in her work of restoring perfect health. It tones up the
stomach and gives appetite. It is unfailing in the cure of all stomach,
bowel, and kidney troubles. The nervous syetsm is restored to Its normal
condition, and many of the most serious ailments—such as sleeplessness,
heart trouble and the like—yield to the healing virtues of the Invigorate?.
In fact it acts on every organ of the body, thereby curing nearly all the
different diseases of this age. Every drop of blood is affected and puri
fied by its use. The blood is the life, therefore if you get the blood pure,
all parts of the entire system will be brought under Its powerful heal
ing Influences. Antiseptic Invlgorater is rightly named, and It is one
of the greatest germ killers and invigorating tonics now on the market
For sale and GUARANTEED By all Druggists. Price 50e and
per bottle. If your Druggist don’t keep It and will not get it £er yim we
will send IL express prepaid, on receipt of pries.
Pitts’ Antiseptic I nvi(> orator Co.
Thomson, Georgia.
15