r ?
ETATE TiKfilSTiATL'RE
"""" "
SENAT
E,
' tTv- J i
Thf Snitr wan ravrtfi-f order at 10
i tfdlBSw fraHSSiflkftffl&y was
corpus. .RfcremasiJpvp aaVj3"i?d3
Mr. C.pelaudjufiocated the aubstititfe as
rt c.-niprtwecgxthr friends and the
..ppjueirtWFfeiMOrl'of the writ $f
a-, hullAQ W!J)!tfatoji vtj ' 3WIOW HO I. I
lina'.dionld sneak its sentimentsftcapectivjB
r " - . ,airi3iJ . ,
I
ul tM comiMii earuiA.j, And l
, -v . . 1 1 .u ' - t
i 1. 1 11. ik .1. r .nt j .. it Jk. n-iuJ
lp4)! fiiiftf falUbUftt'cal, Fatten,
or
ixksfc4Wli4 rtWti1Ia 1, Ilarriss of Franklin,
itcntord,
'bitford,
ATciuh'11 moved to lay the motion on
rrrt?;lable. Adopted.
njmittce on the bill fur appointing a com
missioner to Mipcrintcud the collection of duea
t. the legal representatives of deceasol sol
Iior.5, reported favorably to its passage, with
:; mie amendments.
Several n ports from the House, which were
ulerrcd.
Mr. Young introduced a hill to incorporate
.1 railroad exporting, importing and inauu
laeturing company, limiting the capital stock
tt I. (?00 000, on the fpecie basis. Referred.
Mr. Hoke offered a resolution requiring ho
tJ vonior to make a report of the disposition
! funds appropriated, to the medical depart
in i't. Adopted.
A reeohitioo from the House, exhorting the
j- ti)!e to lay aside all party feeling, and ad-ir-s.-t
tlu'insclves with unanimity in securing
the common Weal Of thu country, was adopted.
.Mr. t Hit! a1. v oiiuretl a resolution in regard
the arrest of citizens by Colonel James
lliuton, iii the first Congressional district,
Uill incorporating the Plasterbank aiid
Silt Works Hilrod Couipany, passed its 3d
reading.
1'mH to p iv vent persons- Irom removing
fr 'in this State during the continuaucc of this
v. ar, reject c tl.
A!j' 'iiniej to J p. m.
iKHUY, May J, 1864.
ppointea tuuuperinted the sup
ply 'of. suldier's families in Wake county from
coasViSption, ,.ih1 military and Home Guard i
oiy,;exefpt in cases ol invasion or msurrec
tii'l v. -
A'blll amending the western plank road
1 mVa"y p"ssed its third reading.
ljll suspending the collection of taxes in
contain contingencies for the present year, was
reject eSfl i n the second rcatling.
A-'emtnunieatioii from the Governor (from
tholftuij-e,) accompanied with communica
tions from the Auditor and Adjutant General,
in r;rd to tho regulations of the Adjutant
G hrnl's oislee ; from the Surgeou General,
111
kit - .. 1 . .1 1. . .1 r. a t . 1
iujc:icu 10 ms ucparimein ; uuu iiom maj
IV'lte &nd Judge Pearton and others, in rela
tio:rtJ: arrests.
tin motion of Mr. Copeland. the special or-
r'ot
th
ie ti iv was iK'stponed. to consider the
Il.Tu ro!..;i u 10 the institution of the deaf,
ii:i.n.v. ana blind, w hich was ptlt upon Ms
blind, which
:-evcr.o r adins ana passed. he bill ap
pro i.ite 75 000 to the in-titntion.
M.r. ltagley oQ'ered a resolution instructing
the'Jigeon General to use -his influence to
hawjtHe wounded soldiers of this State re
moilf from the hospitals in' Richmond to
l.osrjUijj in this State. Passed,
'Utejorder of.rtle hour, to wit, the supply of
iIjc tfanfcilics of indigent soldiers, was taken
up. '11'0 bill a amended provides for thoap.
lrTO 4iu v vp00,000 tor the relief of the
i.inisjof indiiienjsoldiers, and $7,000 for
the families oJlnfn warriors engaged in the
tVufeeatc"s'efcljito be paid in N. C, Treag
ury Jyjotcs.. I'j'sseii itfi several readings.
Sfynal nominations for magistrates from
the (ipupe were concurred in.
M&j Smith, of Anson, presented a memori
al frona titizens of Union county, praying the
nnicSDi lA-i.datbtrj'lii favor of the county
fur TKitvVltiftiUk for the relief rf sol-
lif i .4''4.!hii!ir.-. llvfcrred to tho committee on
pr"p0fttK us and grievances.
Kclritior.s frm th House on propositions
of p&ftv sm re adopted. .
Aty;!l from the House appointing a tax
eollcCTbrfor Ltuoir couuty. Read first time.
liit1ioiinj fjhft Governor to cou
?jMipreme Court when he may deem
it ncyfttsaiy, passed its hrit reacing.
b'c?rw hills from thi blouse, of a local
charter, wtre read. tl
Aib3tu amend tjig. charter of the Pied-iT)(nitoBlroiwi3ej8Qtad.--ye;i6
19; nays
21. 01 I
A Outage from the Governor informing the
Sen.itfUhat he could norvt'the desired in
formation in relation tc.HtiVjoedical depart
montutf the State, on arfft0df the. absence
of thWSnrgeon General. -
A Oftl trom the Huse. requiTing milTers to
grindQrue-tenth. ()orn?D,rOT,iu.
to incorporate the.Capo ear im"
passed its
mm
1 1 arm, sl.iuu
A . F .trni ! V M I .III .1
I Atiiruu liiiiffruj.Slti:ui.Mfi.innhtpr. Smith
tt'SK Wh .f 4r,,'Av()t,lc " Cirriwav. CoDcland.
Uv''! f.,HiIr1nn,JU!(ls.i3-. Uutlavr, l'i
I'vi.vvilJ,. h:mgnr. Suiith of Anson, u
Wi'wi- :nit ung ly.
v'Sfr. r?ts?;f(or moved to reconsider.
,. . ' , A!':,,faJ . ;v - of the Leaver creek manulacturing company
Mr. bovden presented a bill for securing the , m Cmilberland C0Ullt rasswl 3 y
ng u f tno writ ot habeas corpus . A resoluton appending $3,000 for im-
..It . .lo::c prt-uted a bill lor cxcnintms J xu ? . L n ,
1 -it 4 j.V1 0 4 proving the fencing around the Governors
c( nuMi: loners appointed to uupermted the sun- i Jl
A Wl
'The 3brau?rfieray "ir ocTockT PVayerHtiy
Rev. Dr. Deems of the M. K- Church,
1 ho commit? on .propositions asd
vaiif " poit 1 " 1 th rbusia1
to wrw i cjonn voa, ccci
Mr. I nes ( ired a f Htlon
HmrjL. 'pg, wj Vh was " '
Mr. Hokd tnoved to send bills tq the House
without engross-menU Agreed Jo,
Mfr BlatTaTiCBr urgBentgd gfrtlt "aQthQ'rTzing
tbj lriQofiHfjiford county to collect arrear-
was amended by adding
-
iPominatetU-
e tne AlecKlcQ
nburff iron;
and isicel comilanv. I
Passed 3rd
oH nrr I
avo
i r nt tw"'
BWHJW- V . r - . . .-r.T3 I
JVi' I ft I 'Ik
1 - t . m . " . At. ' - I
f)f .'?l$tfffc?
- . . - '?r-i--:i
98
cBlat6rf3n?4
ffStfTiertraenW. L'assed.
4)3? cfim the Ilouse in relation to the
bank cf North Carolina. Pa3
Crt?'"Kea d i ng.
n'r A,rbill from the Ilouse in relation to guard i-
a; rn i ' t. . i . 1
aians m iransyivaina couniy. r.isseu ora
reading.
A bill from theHoue in regard to the Bun
combe turnpike road, allowing au increase of
toll. Passed.
A bill in regard to the auditor, allowing
him to take affidavits, &c. Passed 3rd read
ing. A bill from t'ne House to secure the citizens
of the State from illegal impressments of
their property. Amended and passed.
A bill to amend an act authorizing the
erection of a toll bridge over the Catawba
river. Passed its 3rd reading.
A bill from the Hoiise to amend the char
ter of the Florence and Fayettville railroad
company. Passed its 3rd reading.
A bill from the House to appropriate mon
ey to the military establishment of the State,
appropriating 5?1, 605,900 for the remainder
of the present fiscal year, Passed .3rd read
ing. A resolution from the House authorizing the
Governor to appoint, agents fur the importa
tion of goods by the State, &c. Passed 3rd
reading.
A bill from the House in regard to the sale
of the lot of ground on which the old jailwas
fciturttcd in Watauga county. Passed 3rd.
reading.
A bill from the Ilouse Tor the relief of land
lords. Passed 3rd reading.
A bill from the House to provide ways and
means for the supply of the public treasury,
authorizing the further issue of treasury notes,
if the public treasurer deem it necessary
payable two years after a ratification of a
treaty of peace. Passed 3rd reading.
Adjourned to 4 o'clock,
AFTEIIKOON SESSION.
A resolution ijom the Hou-e appropriating
$50,000 for the relief of the sufferers ot Wash-
r iugton, to be paid in Xorth Carolina treasury
notes, passed 3rd reading.
A bill from the House to amend the charter
mansion. Passed 3rd reading-
A resolution from the Ifymse auth rizing
the public troasurer to dispose of the Confede-
rate treasury notes now in the treasury, either
i by funding them or paying them out one-
third less than their face, as in his judgment
1 may seem best. Passed 3rd reading.
A resolution from the House in regard to
negotiations of peace. Adopted.
A bill from the House in relation to reve
nue with respect to Importing spirituousliquors.
Passed.
Mr. Smith offered a resolution requiring the
public printer to return certain letters to the
Governor's office as soon as they shall be
printed. Adopted.
By Mr. Wright, a biU to incorporate- the
Fayetteville military academy. Passed its
I several readings.
J A resolution to refund A. Houston 114.
Passed.
Adjourned to 8 o'clock, p. m.
NIGHT SESSION.
A resolution was passed directing the pub-
nc treasurer to pay vm. xnompsoo $20.
Mr. Sharpe moved to adjourn on Monday
at 4 o'clock, a.m. Sent to the Housv and
returned, being concurred in.
Mr. Lassiter offered a resolution that the
public printer be directed to send each mem-
ber of tho Legislature, at his post office, his
I number of the copies of the Governor's mess
, age, and the accompanying documents, army
I register excepted. Passed. (Mr. Wright in
4he chair. .
J . A resolution of thanks to the speaker, and
T lo the clerks, was unanimously passed, Pen-
ding the resolution,
Appropriate remarks w ere made by Messrs.
Leach, Warren, Carroway, Outlaw, Ellis and
I Young, which were responded to by the
' Speaker iu an appropriate, patriotic and feel
ing manner. Alucn narmouy and kindly
feeling prevailed on the part of the members,
and a true patriotic spirit was manifested by
the entire body.
A resolution from the Ilouse allowiug the
Governor's messenger to purchase clothing at
government prices, was concurred in.
Senate adjourned to 4 o'clock, a. m., aM on
day, at whfch time to adjourn sine die.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
4 TuuRiDAT, May 26, 16G4.
The House was called to order at 9 o'clock
a. m.
Prayer by the Rev. Dr. Mason. ' '
Tne journal was read and approved.
Mr. Bryan, who was absent when the vote
was taken on yrsterday, oh the resolutions iu
relation to the suspension of the writ of habeas
corptts, was allowed to record his vote in the
affirmative. .
Mr. Shepherd, from the committee of Fi
nance, reported a resolution concerning Co
lsdera Trtasuiy Nt'tu: in the Stale Treasury,
iiT i I I M M ture tL V
C- bt of feT fr iP'Valiii
Mljfcti'liJfrl W AVIwomiAt meneV for the rrrrli-
lary CtotaUishraentof thelStato--fnnprOTTiat6S
9 1 .S05 J00 Passed firsr rnanW
if iLp.
11 tried
idfiri
a, ai soiuti
icw, imp
around the
Executive Mansion,
Passed first
reading.
rrzXllAJ uar riim'E-RjgABimr.
tin, a,bill
tabgHCsth IdiciaJJ
I .ris wM.i-,L broil oi .7f.a !
r 1 I " . '
uhoiJounty Court of
pppiat a Tax Collector,
charter of the Cheraw
bard7CRlfefh8V7Railroad, was rejected on 2d
P&mSlAyi 18, naj s 70.
A?j:jioUtion in favor of Walter A. Thomp
son ;' a bul to extend the time for comparing
Awls in certain counties: a hilKlor lha
ubetter regulation for the Western Turn pike1
Road. .
A bill to prohibit more effectually the, dis
tillation of spirituous liquors, -was put on., jets
2d 'reading.
. On motion of Mr. "Cowles; the "bill "was
amended by providing that none of its penal
ties shall apply to persons distilling Spirituous
liquors from fruit, v The ;bill- then passed ite
2d reading.
A bill to incorporate the Cape Fear Im
porting and Exporting Company, passed 2d
reading. -;
A bill to amend an act in relation to tho
Militia and a Guard for Home defence, was
indefinitely postponed, on motion of Mr. Cobb.
A bill to incorporate St. John's Lodge, (Free
Accepted Masons,) and a bill to legalise certain
acts of the term of the County Court of Madison
County, informally held, passed 3rd readings.
A resolution concerning prices, was indefinite
ly postponed. - ... . .
A resolution in favor of Alexander Houston,
and a bill concerning the free passage of fish in
Neuse Itiver, passed 2d reading.
A bill to authorize the Governor, to purchase
leather for the indigent families of soldiers, was
ordered to be printed and. made the special order
for J o'clock to-morrow. '
A mespage from the Governor, transmitting a
communication from CbiefJustice Pearson, the
report of Major Foote and other papers relative
to outrages committed in Yadkin county by a
detachment of Gen. Morgan's troops, command
ed by Lt. Col. T.W.Napier; ordered to.be print
ed and refered to a select committee. .
A message was received from the Governor,
transmitting papers, &c, in response to a resolu
tion of enquiry relative to the issuing Com
missary stores, forage, &c, to. officers and em
ployees of the several military departments
Sent to the Senate.
The special order for 12 o clock viz, the
resolutions concerning" Governor Vance, w s
taken up, and the question recurring on the
amendment offered by Mr. Cobb, exppressive
of confidence in the patriotism and integriiy of
President Davis, the amendment' was with
draw d and the resolutions as sent from the
Senate were adopted.
A bill to amend an act for the improve
ment of roads in Buncombe, Madison, and
Yancy counties, and a hill concerning public
roads iu Sampson county, passed their 2d
reading.
A resolution in favor of J. T. Walker ; a
bill to amend an act authorizing the issuing
of small Treasury notes, were rejected ou 2d
reading. '
A bj 11 to amend an act entitled an act to
exempt certain officers and employees of the
Stale from conscription j a bill to repeal an
act of 1881, in relation to providing winter
clothing for N. C. Troops, and a bill to amend
the charter of a Turnpike road in Buncombe
county, passed 2d reading. .
A resolution relative to Confederate Treas
ury notes received by fiscal agents of the
State, was laid on the table.
A resolution in favor of the sufferers from
the burning of the Town of Washington.
A bill to amend an act to extend the Charter
of fic Bank of North Carolina, and a bill to
incorporate the Island Ford Toll Bridge Com
pany passed 2d reading.
A bill to incorporate the Stonewall Impor
ting and Exporting Compauy, was laid on
the table.
A bill transferring county causes pending
in the courts of certain counties.
A bill to alter the times of holding the
Superior Courts of Law and Equity in the
Sixth Judicial circuits; a bill to prevent ob
structions in BigSwamp: resolution in favor
of Alexander Smith of Transylvania county,
and a resolution concerning acts of Congress,
passed their 2d readiug.
The special okler for one -o'clock p. m.
the resolutions in reference to a basis of peace
introduced by Mr. Shephard, was taken ,up.
The committee reported substitutes for the
4th and 5th resolutions, and an additional
I resolution, as an amendment, which were
adopted. The resolutions as amended are as
' follows:
' Rceohedi That the representatives of the people
of North Carolina, conrened in ' the General As
sembly of the State gratefully acknowledging the
goodness cf Almighty God at the present and in
" the past, and humbly imploring His help- and de
' liverance in the days to come, anxiously, yet pa
tiently and faithfully look forward to that happy
season when there shall be an end of bloodshed
and carnage, when peace, purchased as itrill be
with the most precious of human blood, and es
tablished on the -basis of honor and independence,
shall dwell once more within our borders.
Jienolved, That negotiations for peace by the
-separate action of . any one of the Confederate
States of America, whether ina Convention of the
( people or otherwise, is without any sanction in
i our form of eorernment. and directfv against the
!' provisions of our Constitution, is full of the most
serious mischict, apart trcm its treasonable ten
chjBcy, in producing divisions among ourselves, in
bringing reproach and dishonor upon the name
and character ofthe State, and in stimulating to
further efforts of conquest the spirit and temper of
our hateful and brutal foes.
Resolved, That the history of North-Carolina
throughout the present war, the readiness with
which her authorities hare responded to all the
calls of the country; her large sacrifices in men
and mosey, the fixed deteraiinatuf5 of her people
never to submit to conquest and Ttabjugation, nor
to a .reconstruction of the Union, (which is sub
jugation tolerated with imbecile and unmanly
forbearance,) all attest the sincerity and the ear
nestness of our devotion to the cause of independ
ence, aod the estabieahuag of our government on
the most honorable basis. -
Resolved, That the people of North Carolina
do not desire and will never ask for any peace
which does not guarantee independence to those
of the Confederate States, whose destinies have
been fairly united with the Confederacy by the
voice of their people, and the privilege of a free
choice to those which have been considered doubt
ful. Reeolved, That we urge apon the constitutional
authorities of the country, to omit no fitting op
portunity of offering peace' te the enemy, on the
I term3 set f?rth i& tacie resclntien; ; yet taring
trse- j fir, AiKMiuMUijxo
qi n t m ler-eom-
bears ftee buL
bf N Urd IU k
v-i I ? m y. i ?
t m m fy m a 4 u. m
r ai v
MrBau
m.
:o me i
J
fTultieohfidence in the patriotism and fidelity of the
President and of the Senate of the Confederate.
Uovernnient, wo ar.icie by t&eir judgment as to tne
d.
me 01 tenderintr
Mwitions
ont
the United St
rilievin
ml
A
g of honor, i ut
fnd safe
Pi
most happy res
or us a
rity.
t a copy of the
reaolqtl
is Excellency,
rtfi Confederate
es, and to our
Senators in Congress.
Mr. McAddn moved to amend by substitute
ing the fQilogin-: .
.Resolved, By the General Assembly of the State
julina, That whilst we . regard the
inbfectt'een the Confederate States and
rt!WRiifeaorate States, yet wpdo not hesi-
tato to deolare, that, for the sake of humanitv, .it
jhcomfcs pur government, 'though its appropriate
nsntutionaldcpartmenU, to use its earnest ef
fort to put an end to this unnatural and unchristian-
work of-carnage j and" to this end we earnest
ly recommend' that our government, after signal
successes of our arms, and on other oeeasvms,
when -none canTimpute its action to alarm, instead
of a sincere desire, -for, peace, shall make to the
governmeat of our onemy an offloial offer for
peace, on the basis of independence and nationali
ty, with the proposition that the doubtful border
States shall settle the question for themselves, by
conventions to be elected for that purpose, after
the withdrawal of all military forces of both sides
from their limits. - '
. Reached, That we believe this course, oh tho
part of our Government, would be hailed by our
people and , soldiery as an assurance that peace
will not be unnecessarily delayed, nor their suffer
ings unnecessarily prolonged.
Reeolved, That while the foregoing is an ex
pression of the sentiments of this General Assem
bly respecting the manner in which peace should
be sought, we renew our pledges of the resources
and powers ol the State to' the proseotition of the
war, defensive on .our part, until peace is obtained,
upon just and honorable terms, and until the in
dependence and nationality of tho Confederate
States is established.
On motion of Mr. Person, a division ofthe
question was ordered, and the question was first
taken upon the motion to strike out. - The yeas
and nays were ordered on motion of Mr. Shep
herd, '
Those who voted in the affirmative were
Ayes Messrs.. Allison, Albritton, Alford, Avera,
Bernhardt, Barringer, Benbury, Best, Bond,
Carter, Cowles, Craig, Dunn, Gentry, Glenn, Gris
som, Hampton, Harrison, Henry, of Bertie, How-
ward, H.orton, Ingram, Jenkins., Keener, Laws, -Mann,
of Hyde, Mann, ef ' Pasquotank, McAden,
McCormick, -McKay, McNeill, McKae, Nissen,
Patterson, Fearce, Perkins, Rhodes, Riddick,
Bitter, Robbins, Rogers, Russell of Brunswick,
Shober, Smith, of Guilford, Spruill, Wallon,
Walser, Watson, Wellborn, Woodall, Young, of
Iredell, Young of Yancey 52.
Those who voted in the negative were
Nays Messrs. 'Amis, Beall, Brown, Brjan,
Bumpass, Burgin, Burns, Cobb," Costner, Craw
ford, Davis, Duke, Foy, George, Gilliam, Harris,
of Cabarrus, Harris, of Chatham, Hawes, Hen
derson, Henry of Henderson, Headen, Hodgas,
Joyner, Judkins, Kirby, Lemmonds, Logon,
Long, Love,- Lyle, Leathers, Person, Powell, Rey
nolds, Reinhardt, Richardson, Rives, Riiss, Shep
herd, Sherwood, Stancill, Waddell 42.
The question recurring on the amendment,
the ayes and naves were again ordered and the
amendment was adopted :
Those who voted in the affirmative were
Ayes. Messrs. Allison, Albritton, Alford, Amis
Averoa, Barnhardt. Barringer, Beall, Beam, Ben,
bury, Best, Bond, Bryan, Burgin, Burns; Carter, -Coatner,
Cowles, Craig, Duke, Dunn, - F6y,
Gentry, Glenn, Greene, Grissom, Hampton, Har
risyabarrus, Harris, of Chatham, Harrison,'
HekJon, Henry of Bertie, Henry, of Henderson,
Headen, Howard, Horton, Ingram, Jenkins,
Judkins, Keener, L aws, Leathers, Leve, Lvle,
Mann, of Hyde, Mann, of Pasquotank, McAden,
McCormick, McKay, McNeill, McRae, Nisscn,
Patterson, Pearce, P erkins, Rhodes, Riddick,
Richardson, Robbins, Rogers, Russell, of Bruns
wick, Sherwood, Shober. Smith, of Guilford,
Spruill, Waddell, Wallen, Walser, Watson, Well
born, Woodall, Young, of Iredell, Young, of
Yancey. 73.
Nays. Messrs. Cobb, Crawford, Davis, Gastrins,
Gilliam, Hodges, Kirby, Powell, Reynolds, Rives,
Shepherd I.
The resolutions wfirc then adopted, Ayes
73. Nayall.
The House thea adjourned until, to-morrow
morning nine o'clock a. m.
Friday, May 27, -18G4.
The Ilouse was called to order at 9 o'clock
a. in.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap
proved." A memorial from Alsey Mitchell, (was pre
sented by Mr. Waddell) of the county of
Chatham, praying that he be allowed to distil
spirituous liquors for medical purposes. Re
ferred.' ' Mr. Shepherd , from the joint select com
mittee on so much of tho Governor's message
as relates to State importatiorfof Goods through
tho blockade, reported resolutions authorizing
the Governor to appoint two or more financial
agents to conduct the business, and appointing
the Auditor of Public Accounts a commis
sioner to investigate all matters connected
with State operations in this matter, with in
structions to report to the next General As
sembly. A resolution was introduced by Mr. Harris,
of Chatham, in favor of Lawrence I. Horton.
and Joseph Hooker, which passed 1st reading.
Mr. Person, a resolution expressive of full
confidence in the patriotism, ability and fidel
ity of President Divis, and of thanks to our
soldiers, &c.
Resolved, by the General Assembly of the State
af North Carolina, That we have full confidence
in the ability, fidelity and patriotism of President
Davis, to whom, with the Sena'te of the Confede
rate States, who alone -can constitutionally nego
tiate for peace, and to the efforts of our gallant
and heroic army, we can only look for peace with
independence; and our profoundest thanks are due
and hereby tendered to our brave and d?voted
soldiers in .the field for the heroic gallantry and
fortitude which, under God, have crowned their
efforts with sudh signal success. q
Referred to a select committee, on motion of
Mr. Carter yeas 49, nays 39.
A resolution by Mr. Mann of Pasquotank,
requesting the Gjo vernor to ask of Maj. Gen.
Pickets a repeal of the order prohibiting the
transportation of articles of merchandise across
the Chowan river. Passed. - -
. BILLS ON FIRST HEADING.
Mr. Shepherd, a bill to amend an aetetitlecl
Revenue. -
Mr. Garter, a bill for, the relief of tho citi
zens of Bsaufort and Hyde counties.
' Mr. Gaskins, a bill to raise a seetion or bat
tery of light artillery.
Mr. McAden, a bill to incorporate the Rail
Road Importing and Exporting Company.
Mr. Carter, a bill to authorize the holding
of extra sessions of the Superior Court. Pas
sed its several readings.
A number of bills which passed their
second reading yesterday passed their third
reading to-day, to wit: A bill to prohibit
more effectually the distillation of Spirituous
Liquors ; a bill to incorporate the Cape Fear
Exporting and Importing Company; a bill
concerning the freejjassage of Fish in,Neuse
river; a bill to amend an act to exempt State
officers from conscription ; a bill to appropri
ate money to the military establishment of the
State.
The House continuad to dispose of the bills
on the calendar until the hour of adjournment,
most of which passed their third readings.
The House adjoifrued until, to-morrow 9
o'clock.
Noxt. Tho reporter omitted to state in his
! report of last Tuesday's House proceeding,
1 mnni
CT.ttio
-
i.'Ito
Tsh r
al3
i
tltO
that Mr. Henderson, of Warreo, introduced
the tol. owing resolution, which was rejected:
the vrLuwrnPbe i""urd not
w BW-W Wrfofficers
i w A I : : . i s? if ..IMS I .
MilLija LJ iiutne! liuart Wa ftgUie field
f ri'aHd$ eUigSilSjiniUtia
of eaALAptains District, and that he do
t rr -.v-ijia iuisi.(,v8 uuuerta years
A age r count surveyors. : t
Mr II. offered this resolution merely to de
fine his position, as he was absent when the
vote was taken on tho amendments to resolu
tion exempting State and other officers from
couacripiion.
Saturday, May 28.
The Houso was called to order at 9 o'clock,
a. m. '
The journal of yesterday was read and ap
proved. . '
Mr. Shepherd, from the financial committer,
reported a bill to provide ways and means-for
the supply of tha Treasury, which passed it
several, readings under a suspension of tho
roles. ' Authorizes the issue of three millions
of dollars in State Treasury Notes .not funda
ble, rodemable two years after, the ratification
of peace, between the Confederate States and
the United States. .
Mr. Carter, from the joint select committee,,
to which was referred Mr. Person's resol ra
tions concerning P;esident Davis, etc., pre
sented as a majority report the following reso
lutions as a substitute for those referred :
Resolved, 1st, By the General Assembly of the
State of North Carolina, that we have full cok&
dence in the fidelity and patriotism of President
Davis.
Resolved, 2d, That in our opinion, the Presi
dent and Senate ofthe Confederate States being,
the treaty-making power under the Constitution, '
-are the only legitimate agents for entering irrio
negotiations of peace with the enemy.
Resolved, 3d, That our profoundest thanks are
due, and are hereby tendered, to our brave-and
devoted soldiers in the field, for the-heroic-gallantry
and fortitude, which, under the providence
of GodBjJiave erowned their efforts with such.aig
nal success.
Mr. Grissom, from tne minority of 3aid
committee, reported a resolution similar in
character to the third of the series of resolu
tions reported by the majority ; and the qnes
tion being ou the adoption of this in liau. ol
the substitute proposed by the majority, .
On motion of Mr. Person, a division-of the
question .was ordered, and the vote wae-first
taken on the motion to strike out.
On motion of Mr. ' Person, the yeas and
nayes were ordered, and the Ilouse refused to
strike out by tho following vote :
Those who voted in the affirmative were
Ayks. Mess's. Best, Bond, Cowles, Dunn,
Green, Grissom, Ifenry of Bertie, Uoliingsworth,
Ingram, Jenkins, Keener, McNeill, Parks, Per
kins, Ritter, Robbins, Rogers, Russell of Bruns
wick, Wallen, Wellborn, Woodall 2L
Tbose who voted in the negative were
Nays Messrs. Allison, Albritton, Amis, Bern
hat dt, Benbur'y, Brown, Bumpass, Burgin,
Barns, Carson, Carter, Cobb, Crawford, Davis,.
Duke, Foy, Gaskins, Gentry, George, Glenn,
Hampton, Harris of Cabarrus," llawes, Henderson,
Henry of Henderson, Howard, Horton, Joyner,
Judkins, Leathers, Logan, Love, Lyle, Mann of
Hyde, Mann f Pasquotank, McAden, McKay,
Mcliae, Patterson, Pearce, Peebles, Person , Pow
ell, Rhodes, Richardson, Reinhardt, Riddick,
Rives, Russ, Shepherd, Sherwood, Shober, Stan
cill, Waddell, Williams, Young ef Iredell-5C.
The question recurring on the adoption of
the majority report as a substitute for the res
olutions referred, Mr. Person accepted them.
The question being upon the passage ofthe
resolutions, Mr. Grissom asked a division of
the question, that the resolutions might be
voted upon seriatim.
The question being ou the passage of tlie
first resolution, the yeas and nays were order
ed. Those who voted in the affirmative were
Ayes Messrs. Allison, Amis, Barnhardt, Bar
ringer, Bcnbury, Brown, Bryan, Bumpass, Bur
gin, Burns, Carter, Cobb, Costner, Craig, Craw
lord, Davis, Duke, Foy, Gaskins, Gentry, .George,
Glenn, Hampton, Harris of Cabarrus, Hawes,
Henderson, Henry of II, Howard, Jovner Judkins,
Keener, Leathers, Logan, Love, Lyle, Mann of
Hyde, Mann of Pasquotank, McAden, McKay,
McNeill, McRae, Parks, Patterson, Pearce, Pee
bles, Person, Powell, Rhodes, Richardson, Rein-
narar, inu.iiii,-1..;-"u' r.i.uciu,
Shober, Stancill, Waddell, wmm, r"iams
Young of Iredell, Young of Yancey-62.
Those who voted in the negative were
Nays Messrs. Alford, Best, ifond, Carpenter
Carson, Cowles, Dunn, Grissom, Henry of Z?ertie
Hollingsworth, Ingram, Jenkins, Ritter, Robbins
Rogers, Russell of Brunswick, Wallen, Wellborn,
Woodall-19.
On giving his vote, Mr. Grissom made the
following explanation :
Mr. Grissom said, that in his opinion the
word "patriotism" has more than a mere
personal qualification and meaning. When
applied to a public functionary, it has refer
rence to his devotion -to the constitutional
guarantees and landmarks of the freedom of
his couutry". ' This resolution, in my opinion,
endorses the action of the Executive and Con
gress upon the subject of tho suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, which I am not
prepared to do. I "vote in the negative.
The other resolutions were unanimously
adopted.
A number of bills and resolutions on the
calendar passed their several readings. Among
these, the House passed Mr. Walser's bill, au
thorizing the Governor to purchase leather for
the families of indigent soldiers ays 40, uoes
18 ; also a resolution in relation to the salaries,
of J udges of the Superior Courts ; also a bill
for the relief of the wives and families of sol
diers. (Appropriates $1,700,000 iu State
Treasury Notes ; of this amount $7,000 is de
vcted to the relief of families of the Indian
wariors of the Cherokee tribe.)
A message from the Governor was trans
mitted in response to a resolution from the
House, calling for the Executive correspon
dence with 'President. Davis in relation to the
suspension of the Habeas Corpus, which was
read. .
Mr. Person moved that the correspondence
be printed.
On motion of Mr. Carter, the further con
sideration ofthe question was postponed until
4 o'clock, p. m.
The House then adjourned until 3 o'cloek,
p. m.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Mr. Carter from the judiciary committee
reported back an engrossed bill from the
Senate, the more effectually to secure the bene
fit of the writ of habeas corpus, and to pre
vent citizens in civil life from being removed
.beyond the limits of the State . The bill then
jJassed its several readings.
' The House then resumed the consideration
ofthe motion of Mr. Persen to print the cor
respondence between Governor Vance and
President Davis in relation to the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. Harris, of Cabarrus, 'moved to lay the
motion on the table. ' " '
Mr. Henry called for the yeas, and nays,
which were ordered on this question.
The Ilouse refused to lay on the table ayes
20, I ay 44.
Thoquestion recurring on the motion to
print it, prevailed ay es . 52, nays 13.
The House then adjourned . until J past S
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
A bill to incorporate the Fayettville Military
Academy passed iti several readings.
A message waa received frum the Senate
r
V
A-iBgreee4-e4H- from the Senate to inon
yorate the Plaster Bank and Saltworks Rah
ioal Company, passed its several readings.
Mr. Shepherd by., leave, introduced a reso
lution in favor of the Messenger of the Execil
live office, which passed its several readioV
Mr. Shepherd irtroducc resolutions.
thanks to Mr. Speaker Donnell, which were
unanimously pressed.
Tbe.IIiutse, on motion, adjourned until
Monday morning 4 oclock, a. m.
T-K-LEGR A P H ICT
' REPORTS OP TUB PRESS ASSOCIATION.
ei"ed:oc?rnif 10 u C&ngress in thecal
U ,1 b.J' ? TmBA". n the Clerk's oilico,
oi tue iisincr v,T,rt or tne Uonredrrate States
for tha Northern District of Georgia.
Erom Cleii..Lcs Army.
AinLAND, May 25.
The advices from the front are, that the enemy
have resrossed the North Anna and are .; nn
the move in the direction, it is supposed, of n
Lright. The enerar me aM hv r.?.
- a, "Wl V MSShUU tLH
eUbrt this morning to burn the bridge over North,
Anna on tte telegraph, road, but was foiled.
, Thre was some skirmishing- this morning andi
also some between 10 and: 12 hut night, but it
amounts to nothing.
fKCOSD WSPATCU-l
RtcHKoso, May 29.
The enemy crossed the Pamunkey river yester
day atllanovertown and Old church. lUnco ck's
Wright's cud Burnskle's forces hare certainly
crossed Warren's not accounted. for. Our army
.up to this morning, had formed no line of battle,,
but were awaiting tho enemy's movements and
disposition. -
There was a considerable cavalr r fight at If all's
shop yesterday between FitzLee and Hampton's
cavalry and a large force of yankee cavalry.
Our cavalry at first forced the enemy back tut
it is no7 supposed the enemy gave back in order
to draw us in. Late in the evening our cavalry
drew off, having lost i( is said, some thirty killed
and foventy-Sve to one hundred wounded. Some
of them fell into the enemy's hands.
There has been no enganement to-day, and it is
supposed the en amy do not intend an immediate
attack, but will rely upon entrenching.
From den. Johnston's Army.
Atlanta, May 27.
Our advance came up with the enemy at New
dope, feur miles east of Dallas, at noon Wednes
day, nood's corps was first in the fight, part of
twa divisions were in line of battle. The enrniy
charged them twice and were handsomely repuls
ed. We are having a renewal this morning.
During the day the fighting continued, but evi
dently receding from us, and the few guns heard
this morning are apparently at a still greater dis
tance. Gen. Cumin ings was severely wounded In the
breast and arm. Gen. Reynolds slightly. The
army were moving up to the field yesterday morn
iiig in fine condition.
From the Trans-MUslsslpni.
Ci.ihtos, La., May 24.
via Summit, May 20.
Banks has escaped from Alexandria by way cf
Sitnsport. A J. Smith's corps had gone op to
Natchez and Vicksburg. Banks is in full retreat
towards New Orleans, being n w at Morgans Sea,
on the west bank of the river.
Maj. Gen. Can by has arrived and assumed com
mand, Banks having gone to New Orleans.
It is reported and believed to be reliable, that
Lieut. Gen. Dick Taylor, is crossing tho rivfr
twelve miles below where Banks crossed. Banks
trceps reported on good authority to be very
much demoralized within the last fix days.
The batteries belonging to Scott's command,
have fired into five yankee transports, crippling
tfiree severely, knocking off the steam pipe of oce
and driving off the gun boat that ramu to his re
lief. Lc:s of lite c:i nowa.. Three sterped t
Cat Island for repairs.
Our forces in this district are rapidly incre-n-ing,
and Col. Scott is ready for ast advance the
eaemy may make.
second DierATcrr.
Climtox, La., via Commit, May 28, vft MoBiLr
May 29.
At 6 o'clock yesterday evening, the yankee ar
my across the river broke up their camp at Mor
gansea, where they had been fortifying, and mov
ed down the river : the cavalry and artillery on
land, the infantry on t ran ports. Wharton's
Texas cavalry was twenty miles west of them at
Morgansea ferry, andjour infantry was.at Simapjrt
waiting for Walker's command to come up.
CJA Major of the Confederate army who crot!
the river yesterday, reports as follows: Seven
gunboats and seven transports were captured
on Red river, the whole number of prisoners in
Arkansas and Louisiana, wp.b sixteen thousand
on the seventh inst. Two- gunboats and three
transports were captured in Colcorse river ia
southwest Laby cut. Alexandria and NatchitucLd
to Simsport, entirely destroyed by the enemy.
They burned houses, cotton gins, warehouses,
corn cribs', everything was indiscriminately burnt,
and many families deprived of both food and cloth
ing. Two traarports passed up the river yesterday
with negro soldiers. Gen. Canby has gone to
t icksburg.
From Texas.
Houston, Texas May 13.
Since April 8th, we have whippedtwo Yankeo
armies: one in Louisiana the other in Arkansas,
driving the latter to Little Rock and surrounding
the former at Alexandria, capturing in all thirty
four pieces of artillery, eight thousand stands of
arms, six thou rand prisoners, twelve hundred
wagons, 2 gunhoaU, four trannporti, killingji
wounding fully eight thousand Yankees. Our te
tal loss in killed, wounded and miseing about four
thoutand. Steele is at present at Little Rook,
with the wreck of 1,000 troops threatened by
Price. The Yankee General Thayer is killed.
Banks' army is twenty thousand strong at Alex
andria, Porters, fleet is detained above by low
water. We have possession of Red river Jaboro
and below and have a heavy force on each side.
Col. Griffin with a force of two hundred sharp
shooters and a battery of artillery, surprised two
gunboats, the Granite City eight ineh iron plated
aud the Wave tin clad in Cacluvia pass May the tth.
We captured b.th. The Yankees had to send
the boats ashore to surrender. We captured
hundred and sixty prisoners, sixteen fine cannon
and a number of stores. On the 4th a YanUo
mail boat was captured at Calcusia by Maj. W.
Reynolds.
Affairs in Northern Mexico all quiet. On the
22nd of April the Yankees landed a force of tbrco
hundred at Lavaca and set fire to the town; several
blocks were consumed.
. .MiimCAi Examiiumo Boabd. We invito
the attention of ofQcers and privates, appli
cants to be retired, to the rjoiico of Dr. Satch
wtll iu another column.