THE CONFEDERATE.
VEBXESDAT, JL'IY 2, 1SL
We tindt retard that Mr. B. F. Moore, le
fcrc his lienor Judge Satmderts, cn Wedr.cs
t: ay, in a r.s" where tliu f octet association
ci'.! o up incidentally, expressed tfce oj mien
tha' tljf-rc is toothing treasonable or vrmdual
ii, this ergu ization, er.d that th? obligations
r.r-t.o.o th;;n Msi-nry.'' The day Las
tr-e I y whrn we would accept any reunion
of Mr. Moore's as r r! hod-, x, when the South -"ru
Co:; federaev it wter.stfd. To be obliged
to say so, is a source t us of pmtov .n-J re
pret. as Mr. M -re knows; std we have pal
liated the ;r.any departure from loyalty in
which Mr. Moore V.s indexed, and whkd. hi
hri-thn of the b:r generally regard with toi ti
er :"!. I r.' daubt with yr.tier censure. We rrc
ii w c:iil;-l to speck our. We regard Mr.
M re's pi':: ns ju? the cause of vast mischief
;'n N rth C.r- llr.a. His opinh n-are rut r.Ty
-dv;r ?ns?, but they have damaged the Con -'
r--y h.s matcri il i&ieresU. Mr. Moore
ia pia.-tK-b.-g At'i'rncy. We do n-i ka w
h;.t "He has lan the oath of allegiance. If
;,- has : ot. ho has f ibv to meet th? rfjuire
j.vr.t? o the la v. If ho hi', ho U under ihe
di'.atio:; of an i.alh :o he loial, f-.r Km has
n irritJJi-'.oc', wi. lV't means a fhiihful
; .'t',-. in ih'-!it, v.-?rr?a:-.d act. Jf 1. j.as
(. Ur h t:ght not I he perndttd to ap-p.--a
Ik fore a Mother Cf-nrt lit. til he .!oos in-et
the no.:'-exeats of the law. Tt i.-ti.r. for
r r'tic fi n i ; the courts ct least to corn
menre ; :w d He know no example more ilius-tri'-;:s
' r the beginning than Mr. Moure.
We pub'isljthe oath oftj's tory associa-tb-Ti.
that s'l men, lawyers and laymen, tnav
fe v. h.it one of the fathers of the bar in North
Carolina pioiiounccs a dev :. of criri'ii..ii',:ty.
Hfrars Of America.
First. The c iiidiihitt.s me c. r.dneted in u
r.iiin iinii seated. A't r a few irnrodurt.-rv
ieri:arl:s. t: ? Gir.r d C w.n -ii v. Ml tea--.' tlie
chi d (1 m ttr f the lock - of J'tfhr.D froai '
t!:r- Ii .!..
.Sffi'-.;y II v;h; j-.iy or a.-k Wd! you
hit-pa .eor:? Ar-w-r .1 uiii. An yen
v. t. takt; ;o; ..blira:il ji to iht e?ict ?
Anfv.er 1 wni. Yu will pi .tee ynnr ri.hl
h.tL.l n the J'iMc and y ur left hi-.dd over
3 r.r i cart, rnd rennt alter the fir;: d Coun
sidivr " I. A. II., f mv own iin. will nrd
UvCk;rd. d-j hr-rebj and ht ro.n.drinri-y at.d
t?lfctrely piunii.-e and sv.crtr, ( r kliir.'; ia
tie predict: (f AiT.ihty (Jod a:d tl .-
H r! f A;nvri:M,that 1 will tn-t :-ram;;(.i-f;.?e
the r.:t;- of the 1 Itrc ts of Am-riea to
uiy per--. i 'i the kn-vvn wirld, except it l j
4. a tiue a?;;5, lawful Ilr ther Hero.
7V.j.. i ffrtht-rrn -r; prcrni?e ar.J s-ir,
thai I ' i'. ccniVr t Ise d2r-cs ttptsn a?;y
p-r-. -i: i i i-.-: known world, except I an; au
tii- :!: ;.
ii :';, I fiuthcr j.rcnihe i.ud Mver,
ti t J . keep the 5tcn t.-,:' the Fr. thtr
H ro w1:'-' L ': y are LjmnMii.i-a;ed ( v c 23
..-::. v,h.-:.evtr t liclr inU rests or s.ife'y rc-
' '.V !"':r' T p'i-P 'id s.vrnr, h?.t
I v :I v T t . ' v tit:-.'
:: s h.ni.d,
thr---s. ; t r frc:
a Wx .:h:-r IIj.-j.
SLr'i'Jy. ! !Vr.hr pna:.f. an-I sv.- ar,
t!-.-f ! w: '. n 1 we the w 1 ci the !Ier-,es
v.-'.hh I -kn'i : ici'ter r--r:ivf. in :. ny nml-J.r-.
1 pi : :; ;vhi:h I sh.tl! Lertv.ftt r
V- vtii'.3,!'. 1 ftaihrr j-ronde and sveir,
jhai 1 wi'i : :;t cut. i .iiut ir i.riat w snv
v,:.h:
or i':
aiih i.bjt-rt, wiv r- by ihe
of -.e llr-rf-e m.iv iv rns-b' hr. .An.
T
ti.j i v. .1. n t ?-;. k evil of a Bother i! ru
- ' i . ' .''h J-'re lii- face. inf I v. id
a'l ;.j j"i:.m-;o 4
1 do ' i- 1 cut' i
v . .
i' t'y nr-a:-.d .', r, v. ith a f'hn
; .-t f-j k'-rj. a:; ! pef. rio he
4 is ' ..
' h ;.e hii 1 s"; -t t!irtiih, 1 help
s;..' Kr. :. c.'.iA Ice- me sU-aU'it ia the p r-
i : ii..- of ! he a;ju'.
Kb the U b'c.
:';n-j asu r.vs word.,.
1.-?. .M p 1M Oij p.
h ijnx iliht hir.a v. .th ibiid aid
fu. rii :hiei !.- cii to liv n.uf: in i ken of
Mv-if. y. A:-.vt r 1t l.r- ilr.ger t- the e r-ii-
r . f lb- I i eye. "
tint.! If if D.' 3
ihuht J v, r t:.e n;u-uth Vf: h;.d . vtr
th - he.ul ; is 'Ji,y ptaci:- tie llht il-el
t - 'tiur. liut i and i . 1: other's U-ft
ii . h r. Oae wi'.l sy "Tl'.aEr."' i e ctltT
'iY'.' ''Hiis is tn;rd;r." --liAjrfr
Wa h en.
i. '. :.t t'i fi!ir:n 'These a:e p'oniy timrs."
.1 --V Let W( ore let hi; .2 tr letter"
"What tnuirt -e i . k f r ? " Jnstrrr 'A fed
and wi ie cord." ' Vhy a Ctaii?"' ylisjrcr
"I' -.use it will tave oneives and lami
lus.'"' Jiss:ro.I "United we ftaud' Answer
' ihui.o yc fail."
II TV.KS.
Tiuih. Virtue, lienor, Fidelity, Ju-l!ec
Thi- authorizes n:e to corfer the-e dorres of
ti e lierces vl America, end also to authorize
Uhe-s.
J'tT t ci.tr a, Ye say :
lt, "ihe call; is vieior.s and imrnord,
against tho g,Hvl trdtr of secivty. and there
fore any cit:zen who take it is liallj for a
- '. "l . ? combhnvdon is ill.al as : con?
.; : ; "thtr its cbj-.ot wt re lawful or
r.r :d. i-. -;ans aro cb arly s.-, us the
.. t- m 'el I.Mgna, oath-bcuad, by an
' . - .-
i - ' 1 ' .' h v.elawfnl, for U is to ob--:
. : i.-i : c a - ; advantages frcsi the
r . 1 f r v t -jociety at lare, and
t .- r:- : i .; . iraey, atd icdicrable ss
-id., I. . iiwi..u05, for it opposes the Gov-
rment, it encourages and protects desertion,
and it lays its foundation in a hostility to the
prosecution id the war and fedition ia a
common law rTence punishable; in the Courts
of North Carolina.
Gth, It is trcast-nabTe; -because it 13 built oa
a previous understanding and ccrjmuuication
with theer.f niy, constructed on uiutua'ly un
derstood tizns and tokens ; and any act in ac
cordance with the ubhgAtioK, such as pa fring
a tip; fnm th? .n:nv, or helping a Yhi kee
py, or h-rc'jtiiir a d.serter, tho jn-evious cu-
. ernri.t r.nd ccn':birat!6s " beir proved,
u'd be th; overt act, which is treason.
The advice Mr. ilolden aiid th - eounael
S iir. Moore wia bring theg men into trou-
', for the fam iciilbcpvHn fortt. As f .r
' r. IIoHcn he will cara n t-dnir, so joog as
rbe pfctidfes are not unsafe" for him
. 'hen ihev Lccorne he will " leave
" and
iter some other " by Use south froat."
.vorc has a reoutation at stake.
Mr.
Reconstruction.
A eorrei-p-r.dent asks us, if ii be true that
r. IIc!i!cn h?.s everdeclard in fvor of reco::-
m.
rueiion
in ny alternative. We answer
KS
'Oa'e in favor cf a. C.nve:.tioa of nil Vie
hUs of tlie old O ion the Southern States
enter the Owivention in favor of m.patation,
d the Northern Stat-vs in favor of rfstor.i--n
and i-.e action, to bo Cnah Raleigh
iii'Iard, August 19', 18G3.
O:' course, iu suth a Ounver.tio'r the North
uld have a majori'y, and rccoiiJ-tructbu
. i.'d the result. .
But .Mr. -II.!dpn hasder.e more hu biUvcs
. bj.igstlion is bef'Te .u?, and he prefers re-
nstructk-n. Head the following :
Ard fl'-aliy, it !f tw? we have de
j ri d , that if fubyj'v k, witi a'i ts h -vrrs,
c uid .-tare u.-? in 'ho f-see on ti e one banc!,
ith a r Rt-)ratioii of tlx-old government, with
1 our rights on the other, v. e should aei pt
e hitter as the 1 ;.--er cvih':' lialciyh S'.a.-i-trd.
August 19th, 103.
TIrr3 arc the prep' .-itior.s grouped, and a
-.tir.ct comn:ittal by Mr. Ilolden of himself
bo?h:.f.r-t to a general co'iventitai, and to re
nstru?ti'n .is the alternative of subjugation.
.1 that will rerodn f-rus now, will, be to'
ow that ho has since become oonvinctd of
e ila-.gVrof sut-'j-isi'ion, 3nd we pin him to
e a'ternanve bv hi? own confession.- ;
Let vi? se : On the 2;d of -"ebrury of
hs jn-esent year, Mr. ilolden, h; the Stir.Ja.r l t
j Id a dialogue betwe-ii bin self and a su;s
! s-.d charact r that h" c l d '-De: (njcifvc "
ie Y :dD:rtive enqnircs what is wanted
ii.h a Convention, and Mr. H olden replies :
"I want it mdtdy for the pnrprse of taking
-pst-. obtain peace. We have beenCeht
X nearly tr.ie. yars; vr 'Ar' growing wtak
, especially r-'gar.i? n eat and bread and
::tldf:i;, and thoui: I hope we shall be able
hold out and be '.t the enemy baek at vs
ous poir.ts, yet I am net si' re of this, j-uiui-
the r.ast; ar.d if we keep on Mihting and
-vj. or keep on fihtii g and gaining o. -tii-:,
the time may efi;e wheo we shail have
lie down aiid t::kc och tef.ns as the enemy.
v imr"-se ri;ji!i us."
, Salary and Toryism Copjnared.
The editor of the Prr.gre.ss iosultsthe noble,
e.e hot- rod a'.d prdsfc-worthy Fraternity of
reM :.- ns, by comparing it wi h the t r I
rou ir.iJniglit st c.-ct s ;ciety of "II. O. A.'fc,'
d bv intimating t'at "there is n.rhi::g
rse in.thn. O A.V than is to be found
Ma-!, n
, Odd Felh.-s, a:;d all othsr secret
eietie;." Tp?; '.vritH' of thi infamous slao
r upon Md-o- ry need not I ave iid that hs
aov.:. sj-'h'ng of thi;? se-c-ret. s ciety
zi is parent, irc-n- the libil he. has rrennun
::r-.ai;"st it. A:j 1 w;j
;.onry ir.jpi tes an ohli;
In?.; he intir.sates :h
upon us
fc.il
is" to :! c:V.;d a tt ait ir brother, or to w.";rn a
v or a common enemy
to his eountrv. of
-inenditg danger, as
A. v:o,
- is ynil'y e.i" a ss .-shitj-ler.
The I'ro 'r'tss mo den;r- hei
n "II 0-
." Did he ever lri-v
Mv o
i : acitn -w i-'.g.- his nicmoerFhsp
in
-t L
Hirnitv ? Nj.i r. T ;ci
is tnen t:iis
at least, as
ueh dHi'erencu bnwe'ui th:.vn
or i i .. : : . . i, , .
t:
h: r self, and
.r Otii,;.it
i . ..
as
-a
ly d ioreat s pat;i ;:s n -an Jt.ryisat-
i" :.s wide as thai which divide D.ves from
j- . m i.. -- ........ j . -.. ....
Let cvriy ?.'a--..n renrcml'-er, wl nhe g-'-es
: c:L h:ii v t:: o-i the 4th of August, i it
e Pt'cgrrss th. m u:h-piece of Mr. ll-.idtn,
1 .
-1.
d their belevcd Odor along with-thia
f-i ';:- dj;k
lit
; vrr:
.od
HI! c?n. O! V.
an i a the nar ..' .I to .:cvO owi'g- non
I
f a in -ruber. u-;tll he eoui?s - ut and a'rj.ncs
n! de:M'.mce. it. L-t every M tn v-oter
n. ember this v'de sUader, and ''govern hini
!f i-.ccordinslv."
Tlie Election.
The threat of 11 -.'de; , lint they will oc
ipy the polls in places wher-they c;-.n reach,,
mand of Got. Vinee tiiat thendlitary force
all be so placed as to protect the people in
;eir riiiht to vote : so that by no pni,oility
n deserters and topics interfere with the frco
om cf tlccth n. Let the - ballot box be
ite, no mffttcr who pet the votes.
Open lickets.
'1 he h on Cot v ters ef. North Carolina are
g-d to voteopn tickets in this eleetion.
;:e off irt of Mr. II !der to i; dace them to
! roll up" their thUts, is a cenfesfiorj.
! "hv dors be fear that men should exercise the
; lvilcfe of -votirc cren'y ? . Mr. Ilohhn
I iowls that f&ir open voting ensures bis de
al.
Fall Circuit.
The Judges of the uprtrior Courts will
dc the Fall ciicust as follows :
1 Eder.ten Jude Howard.
2. Newern. Judge Shipp.
3. Kvleigh, Judge Saunders.
4. Hdlsboro, Judge F;ench.
5. Wilmington, Judge Gilliam.
6. Salisbury, Judge Heath
7. "Morgantou, Judge 0borne.
8. Mountain, Juig? Reade.
. It was believtd at N w Orleans that Waik-
i s dii-ion of trot-ps had crsed tbe Miis
; pi, to it-mforce either JohDetc-n or Lee.
Ue Vati!nrtoii correspondent f.the Pbija-
j lphh Ledger ' hs Uen iuformed, on the
st inherit j, ibut, as no further appehert
s I it.s are telt for a reipadon of Western
'j .ubiai.a, J.ek Taylor has lready icft that
; tlion v:ith his rui, bound ltr ti'crgia, to
;d ia defeating the forces cl Sherna3D."
We publish below a letter which the writer
has ust received from Mr. Tinanas Settle
There are two point's iu the epistle :
Firt Mr. Settle disclaims being a member
of the II. O. As, or of having any connec
tion v.'b'u th m. This is creditable to him..
But if we have heard bis remarks at Weot
tforlh correctly stated and . we heard of them
i follows: He fpoke of the Confederate
Government as "tins concern." Iu speaking
of the conscript acts be said "that ad were
co?;scripb d up to 35 ;then to 45, .nd now tc
50; and next it would go up to 60 and then
iai'd "will yoa skbmit?' He further said
'thcrft. was-no use in killing.-up auy tsore of
our men, for wc are already yibjugated."
Tld.s speech was addressed, as wo are in
formed, to the reserved force ot the Govern
ment fcfitRten 45 and 50, who had assembled
at Went worth for the purpo.-e of organization.
We hope Mr. 'Settle did not use the above
language ; or if he did use it, that he d d so
whh'-nt reflection. It is certainly Mich lan
uuage as uo friend of his, who is a loyal man,
could hear wjthout sorrow and indignation.
And we K-.;y further, if ho tii i use it to those
so'dsers, regularly enroled, we have done him
no wrong iu asscciaUng- him with the H. O.
A.V "-though it was not our psrpose to do so
at th;: tur.e. It is not our habit to do anything
by iuVinuadon.
Tlie tsecAiiid point in Mr. Settle's note is a
proposition to give na the "fu; stance of that
speoeh and my (his) views in full upon the
condition of the country." In other words,
Mr. Sfcj'.ths ctialbnges the writer of this article
to a discussion, to be held between this and
the election, at Kaieigh. Greensboro' Salis
bury ur Morgan tou.
Tc the acceptance of this challenge we have
' decided objections. First, the. known prowess
of Mr. Settle as a political debater, inspires an
' awe, perhaps an apprehension, that we are
not able to overcome. -
Seco :d, we olrj-'Ct t the places suggested.
The audienco would be too large j and if we
are to succumb, wc would prefer the content on
seme narrower sea, where some friendly craft
might be at hand to pick us op. If Mr. Settle
had said Wentworth, we would have con
sidered of it.
Third, if we were to accept at ad, wc could
not bot vvee:; this and, the election ; because, if
by. the aid of Providence (as Lavid had when
he slew Goliath, we should get the "tetter of
' Mr. Settle, Mr. ijLhk-n would at once issue
buhcls cf seciet circulars, calling all the
devils in hell to witness", that Gov. Vance
had gone over holy and sou I to tbe destruc
tives ; for there was that original secessionist,
D. K. Meltae, haranguing for votes for him,
against that true "Cunsci v.dive of the straitest
sect," Thomas Settle ; who had been a Douglas
man aa-i a un'.oa man ail nns iite. We can't
aCbrd to put sucn a handle to Mr. IKlden's
. pumw.
Fi ;.!, If what we iive I card be the' pub
' shu-ce" of Mr. Settle's " views," God forbid,
lb. at by a; y act of our, the people and the
cans should he afhV cted witri those ''veh ws
in full." We wcu'.d rather, as one of those
friends of Mr. Settle who looked for better
things from him, unite to urge upon him
to u ithold views which militate agamst
ijis own fame and sgaii.st the interests of the
coil I'rr.
Lastiv, Tl;e challenge comes to u in the'
tiue sty! of the Kearsage as from a man of
war, porposely built and iron plated for the
fn;ht. Now, our position is not unlike tba
of the Alabama. We are one of- tire small
i fleet of the Confederate . Government. 'Ihe
commerce of the enemy floods the sea. Trai
tors, and tori-s, a.rd Agitators, and politictfl
p ui;zii:s are in sirht at every point of tlie
: ccmpass. Oar ak is to damage these craft
1 and take prizes. We are not prepared to
I " f o down' atid wc Mnember the fat of the
! Alabama.
; Wentwo.utii. July 15,1804.
CcL. I). K McRae: Dt-ar-Sir : In vour
issue of t - h 12h m.t., I ti d the -following ar
iielf : Wi Jia':l a, on have important die
cWr s v.f the "II O. A.V." horn Guilford
a"d I la a iolpli. Tne disclosures wi'.l reach
JiigJt and low. We should be gkd to have
. an authentic report, in full, of the speech de
- iivered by Thomas Seule, Esq , lately :erore
j the reaCives at V fntworth. We have heard
; froiu a correspondent about it ; but we want
. tha suitstancu ot the speech." .
Fioai the c-ni:ection iu which j'ou iaeution
'. my name, I deem it due to myself to state,
ti at I have no con nectioa. with the order you
call II. O. A., orauy other secret association
: whatsoever.
i I have lately made three short talks to the
' people of Rockirgham, and thy are the first
political speeches I have made since the war
' commenced. The remarks made on the oc-
cassicn 3-011 refer to, were called fortb Wy a
speech made by a candidate for the House of
Ciminops in our county, in which he advoca
ted the te-election of Gov. Vance. I never
write cut speeches, and therefore regret that I
cannot furnish you with an authentic re
port," in full, if wht I said on that occasion ;
but if you really desire to hear the "substance
i of the speech' and will give public notice of
the day between this and the election, on
which you wili meet me at Raleigh, Greens-
; b-tro", Salisi ury or Morgantoo, we will cast
lots as to whofthftil open and close the debate,
and I will - endeavor to .ive you tbe ' sub
stance ot that speech, and my views in full
upon the condition of "the country.
Yours respectfully,
THOMAS SETTLE.
We are decidedly opposed to the practice of
'bettir g on elections''' but as tbe ,4straitest
sect" braggers are proclaiming that they have
offered to bet on Mr. Ilolden's election, and.
ao oce wili take them up, we are authorized
say that a gentleman is willing to bet from
one thousan-1 t tweDty thousani dollars, on
the election of Gov. Vance. The name can
be procured at this office.
The Yankee Senate Committee on Foreign
Rel-iiens has evaded the Mexican question
by postponing it to the next Coo gt ess.
The Confederate heart is glad and hopeful.
This time one year ago," it was far less so, and
fr good reason. Tnen the fall of .Yicksburg
and Fort Hudson, the .disaster at Gettysburg,
tBe I eavy demon strariuns upon Charleston,
the occupation of Arkansas, Tennessee and
tbe threatening appearances onNortr, Geor
gia, were well calculated - to appal and inthn
datc, and the?e events did produce this effect.
The timid flinched; the weak gve way ; the
disaffected croaked ; the dis'oyal grew bold,
and added to the misfortunes of the hour, by
furious assaults upon our Government, made
in such language as tost r the;popular indig
nation against it, while thsir allies, the itn-.
principled demagogues, made a movement on
thefiauk, whiclf they pro fe.-sed was in the
interest of peace, but wjiich really was an
invitation to the enemy to renew his attacks,
and. aitfmujaui to the disloyal to practice his
hostility. -'.And iu the ratio that the-editurb-inig
and injurious elements gathered and grew '
clark, so did our enemies avail themselves of
the opportunity to renew their strength, to
enlarge their resources, and to complete r. ore
formidable and more united preparations?.. It
was thus that our people passed the last
winter of cheerless. depression.
But there wera those, and they were the
most important, who always stood firm and
never wavered. The Government moved on
in the performance of Us responsible duties
feeling the shock of surrounding opposition,
but unmoved from its purpose. Hail Jefferson
Davis faltered iu the hour of extreme trial, t-e
cause had been lost. The 61st Congress, at
the close of its life, seemed to be endowed
with the strength of mature manhood, and
performed i:s part wiih discretion and decision.
And our nohie leaders in the field, and their
glori ais troops the brave indomitable soldiers
of the Confederacy undaunted, before dan
ger, 'undismayed andc! destruction and confu
sion, calm, self-pobed, resolved these were
the break-waters thit were to bt.ffet with the
storm. The year 1SG4 opened. For long; naught
was heaid'oulh 'enemy's side but the notes
of preparation, and occasional givings out of
the "fi'ial attempt along the whole line of 'tha
Confederacy while in our midst, unscru
pulous and selfiUh men, careless of their own
duty and thiir own od fame, ceized the
momeut cf anxiety to press their insensate
agitation.
About the first cf April, the storm br.ke
loose: Mora furiously was Charleston threat
ened Sherman advanced into Mississippi
Banks into Louisiana, and Seymour into
Florida and then came the first glad siD that
our arm of defence was still strong. First came
the tidings of the defeat of the fleet off Mobile
then the partial advantages in the Trans
Mississippi the sudden retreat of Sherrnao,
and the fatal and, to us, glorious success of
G'ustce. Then commenced in dread earnest
the tirand concentration and advance of the
fie: Banks moved on toward the valuable
region of Teche ; Sherman left his base at
Citat Janooga, and Grant, the great embodiment
ofyankee nero-worship the man in the field,
the mau on horseback, th man.iii the saddle
crossed the -Rapidau, to pass through the wil
derness, to celebrate the fourth of Julv amid
the ruins of the capitol of the nation. What
has-been the result ? Over, the waters of the
great river, the contest has been made and
ended ; victory undoubted, victory complete,
victory decisive, reposes" on our standard.
Banks ami his tuccesyion of Generals, and
Porter with his iron-clads and monsters of
the deep, have been beaten back, baffled
rooted and covered with shame. Texas is
nearly wrested from their hands. Arkansas
entirely so, and old "Daddy" Price with horse
and infantry, amid the booming of artillery, is
putting his foot within th borders of Missouri.
Taylor having rescued the fairest portion of
Louisiana, is pressing toward New Orleans.
Forrest, the wonderful, the invincible, under
Stephen D. Lee, encounter ever and anon,
aain and again, the Torcps of the enemy,
and without rt-gard to superiority of numbers,
routs them furiously, until his victories are
beyond the control of recapitulation. Hoke,
mingling in the granct movements on the
o.utlincs, hurried a grand movement en Eastern
Carolina, stormed the foe in his fortified town
of Plymouth, and cayttured the garrison; then
hastened upon Washington and farced its
evacuation, wresting from them a valuable
ler-itf ry and materially disturbing theif gen
eral plan.
In the summing up of the grand effort In
which Grant commeuced his career, let a
Northern paper just from New York tell of
his succrst-es :
At the Wilderness Gen. Grant endeavored
to open a passage to Richmond by force. He
failed. The bloody Sacrifice that he made in
doing so has brougnt deviation to thousands
of Northe.a heartb&toues. Sliding quietly
across Lae's front, be repeated his attempt to
penetrate the Confederate ranks neir the
Court House of Spotsylvania. He failed. He
immolated on that occasion hecatombs of Fed
eral manhood. These miscaruaes cry. to
Heaven from the unburied dead that, dear to
the souls of sisters- and mothers and brothers
and fathers throughout the ' land, lie by thou
sand under this July sua, masses of hideoug
rottenness. In the nam? of God and baman
ity, how long mustlh;s inadnessbe allowed to
continue?
The direct movement against Richmosd'
having proved a miscarriage. Grant fell off
toward tieewater. After an unnecessary sac-
rifice of fifty thousand men, be then com-
menced an onslaught up n the city from
the seaward. He flung forward" his splendid
ranks against L-e's works in vain. They
I were literally massacred I
Having failed within ten miles of that city,
i Graut Dext drew baek bis army to a p.ti .n
double that distance from Riehmbnd. There
again he made a terrible miscarriage ; and
there again he cost the hearths and homes of
the country thousands of thejr test and bra
vest. Shrieking agony and bloody- 'death
failing still to determine the desperate issue,
Grant cexi centered hi1 operations atCity
'Point. A sacguinary fatj still followed hii
teps; and hs renewed attacks but increased
tae terrible penalties. t
And this is literal truth, for a wonder utter
ed from a yankee pen.
In Georgia, Shennvi, amid similar disaV.
ters, by avoiding a general engagement and.
by the hUok process, hs slide i to the netX:
horh iod of Atlanta, and the air to-day h mu
sical with the notes of victory from tha guns
of the heroic Hood.
It is now well nigh to August and as yet,
throughout this fierce, revengeful, desperate
campaign, not a single material disaster has
been suffered by the Confederate arude any
where! And iu the very moment when that
guliible people found that Grant held Peters
burg iu grap, and laid seige to Richmond, a
foics strong enough to fright them into fits,
entered ti Yankee territory, advanced to the
toll gate of Washington, fired shell into Liu
col u's streets, destroyed .their railroads, burned
their bridges, whipped 'and captured their
forces, and brought off a full supply to replen
ish whatever exhaustion had been produced
in our irmy.
Add to this, the financial ruin becoming
j every day at the North rmre apparent and
more wide spread. Hear the howls of lamen
tation and dis itisfaction among our euemies,
, the order for more troops to fill the places' of
the victims, the shouts of opposing panizans
Ljust beginning to measure strength in the
fierce political strt-ggle of the year, and the
picture is complete of. this year's work to
them. Defeat loss slaughter iadurc
i with discontent, glom, and discord among
themselves.
With us, under the blessirgof God, the
' year has been prolific of success, and hope and
peace are in view. Alt that is neded is; that
ur people shall be true to themselves.
What lire its Statements Worlh?
1 PWc randy trouble ourselves or the public
with the affairs cf the Progress newspaper
in this town. Welo not hold its .apparent
editor responsible for' all . it says, any more
than a man is j'istly liabje who allows others
: to make a handle of him, and to use him for
their service. Wc.havc reason too to know
i that wc shall live to see the day, unless we
' die very soon, v hen its editor would give all
1 be ha, never to have put himself in the
! plight in which he will be found.
I But we set out to ask those who do read
' this paper, to ponder for a moment on the
following extracts., and judge how much its
j accusations are worth :
"No wonder the pampered minions of Vance
refuse to give up the facts in this matter, J
when thev know that the corruotions of the
stall-federate, forage system is tea times
j worse than it ever was under Eilis or Clark,
i Lay on Russ and spare not the people wdl
i be with you in August"" Raleigh Progress,
j July 2Qlh. '
One would supjr.se that this honest man
was deeply indignant, that fraud and corrup
tion has sfny under Governor "Vance's ad
ministration. Will it bo believed that he has
j just four d out the " forage system 1" 'Not
i bit.. He has known it all the time. Yet
j on the 8th of March be sdd :
! "The friends of each can be heard through
I our eolumnsHts long as the disjusion is ro
j speetful and ju-t, but as we will assail neither
! of them ourselY, we will not allow others to
I do it through the Oiedinm of our paper,."
j Raleigh Progress. Match Sih.
And even later ho was greatly ' perplexed
which he should go for, Vance or Holdeti ;
I they were both his friends, whom he admired
1 J
and esteemed.
Let the people read also the following " el-
iiV. nf ft vf K.lOtJ
But Vance and his fupporters are oppos
ed to peace on any terms, unless they can have
it upon such terms as ihey prescribe, which
no reasonable man supposis they will 'ever
get. Theiefore we say to the'people ef North
Carolina tha the present coetest id this Stale
is for liberty against despotism, peace against
wr, freed. -m asainst bondage." Raleigh
Progress, July 12th.
Gov. Vance takes the only ground that he
can take, in favor of a vigorous ami unremit
ting pfosoeutiou of the war but we are tf)a I
to eee, at the fame time, that he puts himself
on record as favoring negotiations tor peace."
" Governor Vane is pp S"tl to the milita
ry usurping' the aulherity of the civil law,
hut thinks that due allowance should bo made
for the condition of the coui trj, leyrard, bad
to the stake for which we are playing, &c."
Raleigh Pr(gress, March 2nd.
We publish these extracts without com"
ment. They speak for themselves.
A friend now at Fort Clilton near Peters
burg asks us, 4 can an rfficer 0 the army
hold a seat in the L gisture?" We reply, we
think ui-t. Very great looseness has been prac
ticed in allowing this heretofore tincc the war.
But the right will be tested at tbe next ses
siou, iu all casca where members are elected
who on the dty of election held another ffiee.
This applies to Majors in the medical bureau,
and all commissioned oEccrs of the P. A. C.
S , and we incline to thiuk to Home Guaid
effiv-ers.. If the &V;er does noi resign before
the election, he is ineligible, that is incapable
of election.
The Crops. We are happy to bear from
all quarters, that the small grain crop, already
saved, are very, fair "in quality, and most
excellent in 'quantity. They could not be
better. They prospect for coin is remarkable
never was better any where. From the
seaboard to the mountains, the promise i s
immense.
We have beea requested by .'the Officer in
charge of the Department under whom letters
must pass by flg of truce, that unless the rules
laid down as published in another column are
strictly observed tuej will not he'forwarded as
directed.
1
The Rev. A. G. Stacy, A. M. We learn
that at the Com&encemeat at Trinity College,
N- C the Hono(arv-Decree of AvM.. was con-
ferred upon the Rev. "A. G. 8tacy, President of
Davenport Female College, Lenoir, N. C.
The Newi.
The Petersburg Express, of Saturday says:
Frera p'arties entfrely reliable, Ixra learn
that Grant U massing his forces u the two
rivers the James and the Apooru ittux. This
ivasdone doubdess because of the scircity of
watpr in the interior, and for the"purpoj of
removing them to any particular locality on
the north side of t,f the James, and th3
Chesterfield side of the Appomatt- x, where
they may be needed. Th;? distance too, is so
shurt, that they cn be very sojn removed to
the j resent lVi-nt' if nxssity nquire it.
Thes-e fusts are gathered from partie who
have recently circulated very freely in tlie
lines of the euerny, cxteouiaz their observa
tions to the vicinity of City Point. We cou
tiuno to hear of the sufferings acd privations
of pcis. ns who were so u:;fortnn Ue a to be
comp: ljed t remain in thy enemy's liars
Every meads of subisience have" been stolen
from them, and they now live, many of them,
on the scraps which all from the table of the
Lincoln officers, cr arc thrown aside by the
private. ' -
We ht-ar t-o, from sources fully entitled to
credit, that the wietches who now occupy tha .
fairest portion of Prince George, hvo beeu '
gratiiVoigtheir hellish lusts and b?i?t!y in
stincts, by outrages pon the persons ofun
prolecte d females. In one f-tmiiy, thrrf sis
ters, all y U! c and 1 ve!v. were tho vh-tinw
Ihe pert.etr.it ors of trW tol A,U
hnaily dr.wg-.-d from their fiend Wi crimes by
the blaeks. who couM not wiil)S:arUho pite
ous cries for help which fell upo ) their cars.
Our heart siekens At the thought, and. we ciu
r.ot say" more.
VICTORY AT ftNICKKtt'e JERKY.
Ant bet) tic intelligence of our 'victory at
Snicker's F rry on Monday of Iat week, so a g
that on the return of our lore-s from AUiyUud
they crossed the Pot om. 10 into L union, thence
taking the stage road due west to Win-bister
which crosses the Blue Rulgu at Snicker's
Gip-V twenty miles west of Leb;iir. The
Shenandoah river runs on the west side of tho
Bin' Ride, about four miles from the weit
end of the Gap.
As we tv-re pa.-s'cg through the ap 0.4
Sunday the 8th, the enemy pursuing from
toward? Leesburg attack-d our rear and cap
tured thirty wagons. Oar column halted,
and iu turn attacked the enemy, retaking all
of our wacon. capturing two gun and driv
ing the euemy back some distal. Tne
ma rob was then resumed
Ot) Monday wheu we had crossed the river
audgo'trti several mile beyond, he enemy
crosseddso in heavy force. Aho;:t three
o'clock in the evening wc attacked and routed
th:m and drove them across the river ia con
fusion. The enemy's b-ss in this affiir is etiantpd
stone thousaud men, ours will r;ot exceed two
hundred and fifty.
The N. Y. Herald says thers is every bro
wi1 j ei'.uajigo 01 'prisoners
fhortTy.
Evacuation of the TuANs-Mi.-stssrrpi.
The most important intelligence of the d-ty
is the fact, t fficially ascortiined, that the
enemy's force hertee re operating in Louisi
ana, Arkansas, and the States west of the
Mississippi river, are nil now on this side,
having evacuated. both of those States, with
the exception of some garrison troops remain
ing. Gen. Can by, the General who super
seded Hanks, of "paper coimI' memory, is
on this side for the purpose of at'.acking'M.i
bi!e. Tft force which has just bee 1 whipped
from Tupelo, Miss., by Gen. Stephen 1). L"c,
was intended to cooptj-ato with him, aud the
cutting - of the Montgomery ar.d Wat IWiit
railroad, one of the feeders of Moi.ilc, wa
another part of his programme. The Yan
kees are evidently pushing the policy of con
centration to the uttermost. Mobile will not
be takT'n by Canoy ly assault nor siege, nor in
it probable that the "United States will ever
hold the State of Louisiana agm.
The Macon Confederate of Wednesday,
contains the annexed : .
A forcp has started iu pursuit of the Yankee
raiders on tho Montgomery and West Point
railroad.
It is said that the whole of our nrfnv will
I be hurled on the Federals as soon as they
cross the river.
We still have rumors an 1 conflicting reports
about a fores moving upon ShermauV rear,
and reinforcements arriving fiom the Trans
Mississippi hut know nothing pwtive. It is
believed however, that Wheeler is los) and off
or. the grand rounds.
The wir k are cut between Atlanta and
Montgomery.
Our scouts report many mysterious n ovc-m:-:.ts
in the enemy's lines, but they are not
of general intere.-t. De. erters stato that
much political excitement prevails, in the
Yoinke army, and rumors are current that
Grant has been detected. If so, they say
that it is a general iinprcssiou that Linc !u
will not be re-elected, and peace will speedily
ensue.
Louisiana A gentleman just arrived
from New Orleans, Fays the Charleoon Cou
rier, reports that the Confederates had fought
and completely beateu the Y.ink'OA at Bra
shear City. It was reported iu theVity tint
the-Btbels were advancing 011 D naldsntivil!e.
New Advertisements.
Hdq'rs 28th N. C T.t July 20.
I understand that the peupie in mv Senatorial
Dis'rict, anxious to knrw who 1 am for, for Gov
ernor, hare written to ui e on the subject. If to,
I hare not received any of their letter. I can
inform them tl...t it" I live till the elvt-tioo, I shall
vote for Z li. Vnco for GoWrnor. I hafe ahvara
b?none of hid warm snpportcn and shall vote for
him apain. I woulri hive beeu glad to hare can
vassed iny SeiiaU 1 ial Dbtnct, but it id out of uiy
power. While my opponents are canvashinjf the
district at their pleat-tire, and ray eeemie-a circu
lating an V pland-rcua report tlivy )-Uaw, I aui la
the tenUilfuld, deiVuding thetu, their property,
their tire-aides, their wives aod children f rom an
invading mnd avagfo.
Keepect:u!ly, yourfellow-citiien,
W. II. A.SI'HKR,
july 26-twltAwlt Col. 28th N. ('. T.
STATE OF.KOUTII CAR0LI5A, BUKITK
C0CSTY.
Court or Pleas and Quarter Skions,
Jul Term, 18C4. .
Sarah Fiaher,
c.
Perkins Johnson and wife Elizabeth, George
Fibber, James James and wife Sarah, Ileiri at
Law of Thomas Fisher, dee'd.
Petition fmr Doicer.
IT appearing to the satisfaction of theCosrr, that
that Perkins Johnson and wife Elizabeth, Oenrge
FjBher, James Jamts and wife Sarah, are non
residents of this State: it is oreered, that publi
cation be made it the Weekly Confederate for fix
successive weeks, notifying said parties personally
tn appear at the Court Iloase ie Morgan ton; on
tbe 1st Monday after the ith Monday in Septem
ber next, then and there to, plead, answer or de
mur to said . petition ; otherwise judgment pro
contato will De entered as to tnem.
Vitnfta. J. K. Kinraid. CUrk of said Const, at
office in Morgan ton, the 1st Monday after the 4 th
j MondJ i June, A. 5;.f6INCA1Df C. C. C.
1
. jaly 2C-w6w