THE CONFEDERATE.
FKDXESDAY, JUT 2ft, 1S&4.
Towards the Last.
It is not cur purpose to hare mack icore to
fay of Mr. Hcddcn. We expect in a few days to
take a bath, wash t&oroHgUly clean, and to be
quit cf hira politically, forever.
Rut we promised a short time since to rescue
from hia fangi the reputation of -the late Got.
Ellis, which hi h sought ty taraieh hj vitu- j
peration, ani a late article in his paper rescinds
us cf our r.Wg; and the obligation whicu we
f el to do justice to a dijtingnishcd patriot aad
gentleman, induces us 4e execute it.
Gov. Ellis rned the admiration of his coun
try fey as lofty a ee'f-eacrifice as it fall to he
sons to offer. It -avas not his fortune to fr-il by
the deadly raiesile on theik-lJ of battle, of fame
and glory. He had not ths stimulus to a
rifice his Iito which is found by the gallant
pirit in the flush, excitement, anxieties, haz
ards, enterprises an 1 absorbing occupation? of
the field, where hostile arnrtes meet in the t
shock of battle ; nor yet had he the djubts and ;
hopes which m:ngle and alternate amid such
sceaes. He Lai a calmer but nnre trying te?t
to
lure : ae w.i
.11 obliged to ftea inexorable
dc'ith. by disease, which allowed no doubt and
permitted no 1 ope. And quietly but continu
ously he looked his mortal antagonist in the
face, with an unquailiag eye and an unswerv
ing resolve.
The opening of the -war found the Governor
of this State sure stricken to death by a fatal
etc
kness, a sickness of so hard a cast that bu-
pain energy needed unusual appliances for
even a hjrt resistance. Those appliances were
only to be founding resolute will acd a deter
mine! abnegation of self.
Th.-e reHrces Governor E'lis possessed
iu an
No hju arable man who rJ-
ilii'Ht. w.
ntorni?r. li's ardent, unceasiaj, unrelaxing
ir.iluirv; hU toil and his care for the dis
charge oT Lis public duties, eve:: amid tho
m;vciv.-L pressure of disease, unremitting and
imrepining. wi'd '- io &U1 ri SG0U devotion
:t heroic sense of duty unI a martyr's sacri
li. e to its performance. ,Up to the v-ry cso
raeiit when death's chill seized him, his heart,
his iuullo.t, and hU labor were for Lis coun
try. Bu wo set not o?;t to write Gov Elli' eu
logy, but to do him justice. The article to
whis'i wo Live alludad, was found iu the
Slindir I of June the 124th ultiaao. It rends
iVa fol! v. :
' In 1PC0, when we denounced Gov. El'is
4 and ,.- se-esionists for-their efforts to dis
44 sMve th- Unbu," &.C.
Tiiiki iu 1504, withoct excuse for the :n
tr odixtion of a deparUd tnau into a political
paragraph, with only the pMrocation which
malice f:ru";5ho?, Mr. Holdea rs-producea the
name of (i ovetuor E'.lis, to misrepresent and
drf.rii9 it. It ha has not the capacity of the
hyena ir. tearing it to piece?, no one will ques
tk.n Lh poj.-cs'ion cf the other characteristics,
of will ;ii,d inc. '.Nation.
But ;:t wbat tirno in 1SC0 did Mr. Holdan
denoiiCrf MovernoT Kllis as a disunionist?
On the 3rd day of November, near the cloe
of that yo:rf he boasted, a? a matter of pride,
that he hxl vote J for Governor Ellis, and
c!ai:ned to Lave d.uie so under circumstances
extraordinarily praiseworthy. For, says he
" At tiielast August election, at the imminent
peril of cur life, we rode tm the Court House
and voted for the follcwin:; ticket : For Gov
ern r. John W. KHi." Rteigh Standard,
JVtr. o f, ISoO.
l'.)ti that t:.-neiicu, Gov. Ellis commauded
Lis approbation. Nothing thereafter is found
in h paper to tha contrary, until the 2-Jth
of November. The Legislature met on M in
day the V3: of that moath. Oa Tuesday
;Lr -Oth, the message of Gov. Ellis was ent
to bah ii m-s. Oa Wednesday the? 2Ut, tho
Standard appeared, and it is without mention
of tLe message at all !
Oi Tue-Jav the 20th, the election for State
Printer had taken place, and Mr. Hvlden Lad
been defeated. Oa Saturday tho 4th, four
days thereafter, he strikes his 6rst blow at
Gov. Ellis, lie objected to portions of his
iEesae, and charged hitu with "taking steps
to dissolve the Union." The Governor recom
ir.eniievl "a consultation of the slavehcUioc
States," and then "a convention cf the people
to a.-se:ub!e immediately after the proposed
consultation." Mr. Ilo'.dea said this 'was
merely to register and carry out the schemes
of the disunion leaders." Who will uow pre
tend that Gov. Ellis' recommendation was
not fuii of wisdom. The consultatiou was of
vital importance, as the sequel shows. If the
convention had been hold at an earlier period,
!; cue can fail to perceive haw much more
ma;j.:e, and deliberate, and complete would
have l..a cur preparation.
But Mr. Flo'.deu further charged, that "Gov.
is emphatically advising the people to
res:: tL imujgur&tioa of Mr. Lincoln," and
he eh
arei this as a fault. Yet Mr. Holden
Lai rebuked us ior the assertion, during the
, o
cauipa'.a, tnat LiDeoins election, ot itself,
wsj nut cause lor disunion. From the dale
of Lis dvfeat a? State Printer, Mr. Holden
became the enemy of Gov. Ellis ; and as con
tc:ou of the public judgment upon the cause,
he stated on the 24th : "We know well that
it will to charged by our enemies that we
would l ave acted differently if we had been
elected State Printer." Nevertheless, he in
dulged in vituperation of the Governor so
long as he lived ; and Lm malice was as ven
ca.us, as it had previously shown itself to
wards Messrs. Gay, Badger, Keade and alj
other eminent raen with whom Mr. Hol
den s nture put him in hostility.
Bit the most urgent accneatien againctGov.
Ellis vas nothing ether than an unmitigated
slac Jer. The charge was, that Gov. Ellis filled
his military appointments fro considerations
of tarty, and was prescriptive of his opponent.
i We have not the reovrd to Answer Tully these
accusations, bnt we have enough. By th leg
islative enactment. tLr Governor bad the ap
pointment of the military Board, the Bareau
officers, and tbe 'ilfiews of the ten regiments.
He composed hi Cird of Advisers of three
gentlemen? Mej'-r J A. J' Bradford, Mr. Hay
wood W. Galon, ant! Warren Winalow, Esq.
Major Bradford was selected for his experience
as an army officer, especially as an officer of
construction and supply, which would form an
impe'rtant branch of tho duties of this Board.
Mr.- Guion had Bever filled political station,
was always a wh'g. yid a union ma, op
posed to secession. Gov. Winslow alone, was
the political friend rf Gov. El!it.
Thi first Colonel selected was D. n. Hill,
whose election was procured by the known in
fluence of Gov. Ellis, and Gen. Hill was notori
ously never a political partizaa of his. And
Gen. Hill's selection was in accordance with
the .general sentiment of the State.
The first Colonelcy of the ten regiments was
tendered to Gen. Hinder ; and when refused by
him it whs given to Co!. Stokes, who had been
a MaiT in the Mexican war, through which he
Lad cerved with distuctiju. Tew, Meares,
Anderson, Campbell, and Robt. Kansoai, were
apporatmenta strictly military, which all men
applauded, and no one gainsayed. They were
demanded by the highest considerations of
policy and duty. The fifth, the sixth and the
eighth remain to be accounted for.
The fifth was accorded to the writer of this,
of whom not oven Mr. Holdencan pretend. that
it was the gift of a politician to his partisan
friend. .
The sixth, to Col. Fisher, was a tribute to his
own town, and the personal associations and
friendship of a life. Will it be alleged
against Governor Ellis, that he listened to such
an appeal? There is not a man in the State,
but Mr. Holden, who could havebeod deaf to it.
With, him, it wonld havo depended oa interest,
whether he were or no. So that ef all these
appointments, no single one can be placed on
I partizaa grounds, if we except Col. Shaw, and
in hiscaee Gov. Ellis was fortified by recom
mendations which could not well bo resisted, if
he had feeen disposed.
The -list of Lieutenant-Colonels furnishes
the siime justification. Lt. Cols. 5. E. Bymion,
Lee, Young, Jones, Lightfoot, were either not
politicians, or opponents of Gov. Ellis. We
are aware that a Lieutenant Colonelcy was
tenderd to Mr. Rogers of this place, and
many other instances could readily be found
ef a like freedom from political bias.
The list of Majors furnishes like proof; aad
if below these, iu the Captains and Lieutenants,
secessionists are found to predominate, it is
because this class were most ardent, and in
dustrious, and zealous in forming and organ
izing companies ; for to these who were tho
choice of their companies, the commissions
were invariably given.
We have fulfilled our promise. The public
did not need to b thus advised, for the impu
tations on Gov. Ellis bad nsver done Lira
harm; but as the sfander had been recorded,
and would go to posterity, it was right that
th truth should go along with it, to combat it.
Iu the midst ol his great toil, borne down
by the disease which attended upon Lis heavy
anxieties, Gov. Ellis did. Harnessed and
standing at his post iu the spirit of a ca'm
philosphy, he met his fate and yielded his
life to his country with composure and resig
nation, dying with the inspirations of a
patriot. -
We would not dishoner Got. Ellis' mem
ory by comparing his career with that of Mr.
Hclden. Never hereafter, by patriotic men,
will a parallel be drawn between them.
When North Carolina shall build her mon
ument to her hero ons, she will accord to
Gov. E1I13 a distinguished inscription, acd his
name will be embalmed in history along with
the brilliant gallaxy by Which he will be
surrounded. Tho future of Mr. Holden, it is
not our province, and would not ba oar
p'easure to predict.
The "H. 0. A.V Growing Desperate.
A highly respectable citizen of this coun
ty informed us on Saturday, that a certain
Esquire, ef Green Level district, in this
county, has been heard to use the following
language : " He said, they were going to join
together and kill out all the old secessionists ;
and that they were going to commence at
old Jesse Howell's;" aud that he has sixteen
pounds of powder with which to execute his
purposes. If this is denied, wje have the
name to give who vouch for the statement.
The name of the " Esquire " will be given
to Mr. How-11, on application to us.
And so, one development after another is
made, of the wicked and malicious purposes
of the members of this secret treasonable asso
ciation. Not only are they in leage with
the enemy for the destruction of the Govern
ment, but the live of the loyal men of 'tha
country are to be sacrificed ! Was such a
state of things ever hcarcfof ! We hope Mr.
Jtsse Ho well will at once go before a magis
trate and have this Esauire. arrstpd aWrf
! u r xrr j
beuna over to Court, to answer. We under
stand that Mr. William Williams can sub-
staatiate the fact of his having made use of
the above throat. Let, the matter bo thorough
ly probed, before violence and bloodshed he
introduced by -these traitors to their country
and defiers of the laws of the land. It is
the duty of all good - citizens to aid in this
matter. We understand considerable alarm
is felt by the loyal men in other sections, on
account of the threats ef violence made by
certain characters. A crisis is upon u.
Shall the laws of the land be vindicated.
The Gottsboro' State Journal says Lieat.
Oolcael Nethercntt is not dead, as has been
reported. He was not much injured even.
I hate to hear people talk behind one's
back," as the pick-pocket said when the .con
etahie called Stop thief."
THE Original Secessionist.
A Crrespoadent writes us as follows; "If
tte peojle;cmd be made to believe that Mr.
nlda fed aaythinc to do with bringing on
tbU war, and especially with taking North.
Craa f th md Government, thoaaaada
ef those waeaw iutad U vota'fer him would
turn their baeis oa kim 4 vote against him.
Bat tho plaia, Tell-maBiiig but at well in
formed people, may of thorn, bslieva that h
was always epneW to eectssion. and'that he
' did ovory thing in his pwcr to prevent tha e
oessioaists from talcing Sarth Carolina out f
tho o'd flovcrameat ; uJ I hiard on ina-
" sortii tbe presoaee ofcroird, in this countr
(Maart) that in tkj CoT;;9a fe, T9ted
agaiTut lh eoeession trdianc. Aad I tVtnk
he really beliovtd this wisao. If tho Editors
and Gov. Tanco and other candidates in thtir
epeeches, would dwell More upea tMB poiit now, 1
jast bofort the election, aed osTghton tho pubhc
Bind tbereea, tho votes of meey honeet rae
eight bo ehaaged who really wiih te do what
is right."
Oar correspondent wakes a vry good eeg
gestiea as to what the caadidatee ocght i L
te shew vp Mr. Ileldea's secrssiva eotn
votes bifero tke peeple, aad we hope it. will bo
aoted p9 by every Yaace caadidato ie .teo
State. Bat oertaialy the loyal Frees of tke
State have net been remise on tkis point. Day
after day, week after week, and celana after
oiueaahave keen devStedby them, to expete
the bold aad vieleat secession preslivitie c'T.
W. lloldea. " Celuma after column of his sar
have bsoqueted, his veto orsseeseicu ia tho
Ceaveatien has been produced and reprodaced.
uatil sarely there is net a readies; man ia all
the State wke has not teen it, aad who ia not
coaviaesd ef thefct that he was, and hasheoa
for many years, h original secessionist ef the
most radical stamp,- and did mere towards
breaking up the old Government thiia nay. man
in North Carolina. For ten year.: and mere he
eontendsd, through the colamnsof the Standard,
not only fer the right of secession ; bat that it
was the duty of North Carolina to secede from
tho old Goverameat whenever aa Abolitionist'
was elected, as sach, to the Presidency of the
Uaited States. Aad he practically and effect
ually vetsd tae State eat of tho old TJaiea just
as soon as tht eceerred. These are flftia, aa
densabls facto ; and no man eaa gainsay tiiett.
County Candidates.
"We have not heard the candidates in this
.comity, and shall not, in all probability. We
don't care to hear Mr. Rogers and. Mr. Fowle
advocate ! servative partjsm. TheK two
cntleifieo, we understand, do the chaoipion
of the party. Mr. Richardson is said to
be quite an orator, but not as much to us his
friends fxptajted.
If we have any favorite among the Wake
.county candidates, it is Green A 1 ford. We
remember him as the pupil ot Mr. Holden in
the better days, when Mr. Holden was a dem
ocrat, a secessionist, and an adveifcate cf the
cause of his country. If Mr. Alford were elect
ed, we m'ght hope- that tin secessionists could
have seme influence ; while Mr. Fowle would
at once take the lead of the conservative
party. And so far as party is concerned, Mr
Fowle wou'd be more capalie t.-f injury to ut?
than Mr. Alford and the only rec em pc use
we could have, would be thjit Mr. Fwle is a
patri'.', and we might rely on his abilities in
behalf of the cause. -As a politician merely
we prefer Mr. Alford. Brought up ia the
echooI ofMr. II?iden, he is not likely to stay
h ng in auy place ; acd 1c ha been gone
about long encugh now from the secessionists,
for it to be lime fir biri to come back.
Mr. Richard son, to-J, was sn int imate friend
of Gov. Bragg, and Mr. (J.urts, and must have
learned some good secession doctrinn from
them. His ideas about making the nigger
oqual to the poor white man, as well 'as him
telfaud ourself, was only a drunken notion
while on a spree. Such being the excuse, we
are not disposed to press hard on Mr. .Rich
ardson on that account. "When men, get
drunk, it sometimes brings out ideas and uo
tions that they never would have if sober.. With
.others, the'truth is brought cut who never do
tell it w hen sober. Mr. Holden, we believe,
was never tiht in his life, and therefore we
can't say whether it would have this effect on
him or not. And there are others still, who pro
gress to the last stge of drunkenness and no
effect is visible upon them at all. They won't
. tell the troth either drunk or sober.
Without therefore pressing the matter much
further upon Mr. liichardswn, we would sug
gest a question : Hew do the people know
bat what he might get tight again, and vote
for a bill to make the nigger equal to the
white roan and when he got sober not be
abletownrote it. If we could be satisfied
though on this point, we should feel mare at
ease-.
For such old whigs, old conservatives as
Mr. "Laws, and Mr. Rogers. Mr. TJilejr and Mr.
Fowle, we have no political affinities.
Fatal Railroad -Collision.
We learn that a fatal collision occurred on
the N. C. Railroad on Sunday last, by which
a lady .was killed and some seven other pas
seogers severely but not dangerously woun
ded. JTe learn from a passenger who was
0. on the -train, that the bat of the Conductor
(Robinson) was blown elf, and be stopped
the train and backed it in search of bis hat,
declrinjn a pet, .that be would have it if
hehad to stay all night to get it. In pas
sing round a curve, a freight train ran into
the passenger train and a terrible collision oc
curred. The lady killed was a Mrs. Alston, of
Chatham, daughter of Mr. Hiil, of Greens
boro'. The Conductor seeing the mischief he
bad produced, broke for the woods and has
not since been seen. From all we can learn, it
was a piece of great fool-hardy recklessness,
nd deserves the severest punishment.
Fob rest. The following paragraph is
from an Atlanta letter in the Augusta Consti
tutionalist ;
A dispatch has jest been received from Gen.
Forrest, who says that if he could be let at
Sherman, be would force him to retre&t in a
week.
From the Salisburv Watehinsn.
The Secret Society in Boiran CeHnty.
If a bomb-sheli had come crashing through
the roof of our office, we could scarcely hav
been more surprised than on the reception of
the subjoined letter from Mr.B. H. Eans, last
Saturday.. We had read of the"H rops of
America," and sen their confession in the.
Raleigh papers, but we hnd not realised that
this secret v oath bound and treasonable asso
ciation had spread itself amonz our country
men, Our ueighbors aid frieuds; when, lol
thevidince of its ejis'tenco all around us
bursts upon the astonished senses. How
inany and toko, of onr people have or me int
this thing is a question which vril? not, fr
tno present, to pressed. Suthc j it to fav,
that every man who has permitted himself
be deludcd into j iiuir-g this wicked ad tr;
to
rai-
porous cl5b, should . enrly siz4 t- ar'iest
opportunity to purge-Jiimself of it. -Cvm ;-;t
of it, without delay, andf your o -a accor.?;
fur ii is quite certain that thoso who persist
in it will brinq; themselves to grief Tho xe-
evey of the society in liowao no longer exists
Mr. Eans having Incvne conviicp.1 tint it
was iT'coaiDact itli the cnemv. and wi ll ea'-
culated to demoralize .'iir people and unn-rve
them for tho duty of defen.-e gainst our cruel'
invaders, very soon after Joining it resolved
that be would not regard its obligations. He
refused to be honnd by it when the two yan
kce prinotieie called on him. But re are de
tHimng the reader; tlie lotter s peaks for itself.
We present it almost exactly as written :
For the Watchman.
Rowan, Co., July 8th, 18u4.
Mb. jBruner: Dear Sir I have noticed h
the Watchman and Conservative, an article
s-poakin? of an oath-bound, treasonable sccie
tV; and I also see the affidavits of stvural genr
tiempn acknowledging tberusplves as having
been members of the said sodety, called 'IJe-
rocs of Astenca. I sir, take the present oc
casion to' inform you that I, myself, have been
initiated ino.thi, same society or trap, aad as
I see tnat it is thought K he detrimental to
the welfare of tho Confederacy, now de
clare myso'f separate and apart from its raem-
f.erFtun. tint I never did understand the
thing as ber may be allowed to say, like
some of thosegenilemen alluded to above
seem to understand it. ' I was tfd tbat the
thing eaniefnm theyankees ; thaf thoy:nkees
weredisposca to favor all good conservative
men, and that this was tiie means by which
they would know them; and then in raids, or
even in subjugation, we would not be hurt.
I was told, also, that should I be placed in the
army, and should unfo: tusately be captured,
that the-yauks would release me and treat
me well, give me money, fcc.; to come home
on. But T did not understand that I was to
give them any aid. or to vote lor Holden.
If they had told une that, I would nsvcf hav
went into it; no, I'd seeo them d d firtt. 1
den't like Holden or" the yaukees either. I
was determined when I went.iotoit that .it
should never do mc any harm, neither should
it do thrm (tho yanke. s) any god.. It h a
perfect trnp: a man dos not know what it is
nntil he gets into it. and then it is too lata.
1 now have a bid opinion of all secret socie
ties and think that theris no use of any thing
that isright to be kr pt secret. I hope that I
will not be looked upon a. disloyal or untreul
to the Confederacy. I dire say I have fed as
many soldiers in the last 18 months as 'any
private man in this county, and I expect have
received less pay for it ; but hardly ever did I
repent a thing in my life as I did repent be
longing to this clan. The nijht that the two
escaped yankce prisoners, came to my house,
they told me that they had heard thacl was a
good Union man, and thac thy wanted me to
put them in the way tn j;et along. -I studied
a moment. ;nd tbn told them that I be d d
if I would do it, Now I d o not come forward
and make this acknowledgment' through any
fci?r of ,v-iii7 caught in this tiling and pun
ished. I do it because I discover that it is
thoughtto ho. detrimental to the government,
and if so, I do notiike it.
I suppose that I have been somewhat in
etruincutal in getting two or thre,e others in
this thiog, nntl I hope that when they may
see this, my confession, that I m?y te instru
aientl in brioging tlim out again. I do net
think the o:th is bindins in the least, because
the administration ot it was illegal; and wc
should not feel ari' hesitancy irn dropping a
mean thing. I thought ii; w?e right at first ;
but now I think it is wrong. I repeat that
the understanding uevrr wa. h"re that we
should aid the enemy ur harbor tleserters or
vte for Holden. I was told that it would not
interere with my legal rights in any way,
shape or form ; but I admit that when I com
menced swallowing down the oath, which is
a very hard one, that it came very near chock
ing n e, and'has never set well on ray stomach
since. But I think after I get it off in this
way that I shall feel better. I am very much
obliged to the old preacher j 0. . Churchill, for
breaking the way. I see be is a Baptist: I
like him all thebet'er fur that.
I suppose, Mr. Bruner, that I have said
enough. I vAnt you to particular understand
that I am no longer a member of the H. 0. A.
Society. You may publish this if you chooce.
Alter it in any way te put it in better form that
yon ehoose, so it uueans and reads the same in
substance. I know all about this thing so far
as it goes in Rowan, and wonld not object to
telling ail about it in public, if I was requested
to do so by the community ; but as to its eeieg
only in a few counties in North Carolina, I
think is a great mittake. My impression is,
that it exists pretty extensively.
Yours respoctrolly,
BLAIR -II. EASES.
In compliance with a request neat to Mr. E.
shortly after this letter was received, he came
into town yesterday, and met several gentb
men with whom hej communicated freely about
this secret society.' He gave us a copy of the
oath, and communicated the signs, pass-Words,
&c., all of which agree with the revelations of
O. Churchill, and ethers, whose affidavits have
beea published. There is one class of our fellow-citizens
debarred from membership in this
society. Mr. Eanes says " original secession
ists " were excluded. They were all to be left
te the " tender mercy " of the yankees ; but all
good conservatives ' who wonld take the
oath, were to be admitted. JTow, as a good
censervativt who never had the misfortune to be
trapped into this wicked society, we warn all
good and trne nea who have gone into it to
make haete in getting out of it. Let them re
nounce it, aad take their stand against all such
compacts with the enemy ; for the time i3 at
band when Oho works of darkness will be
brought to light to the shame aad sorrow of
those who persist in them. Salisbury Watch
man. Murder in Davie. Mr.-
-Glarscock,
an officer of the Hume Guard in Davie coun
ty, was shot by some unknown person ir per
sons, last Sunday, while riding along the pub
lic road above Mockgville, near the Yadkin
line.. His body was penetrated byfive balls.
It is believed this deed, was done by deser
ters. He was robbed of, bis pistol. His watch
was also drawn from bis pocket, bnt left on
the ground near his body. Mr. Glasscock
was a food citizen, and has not transcended
his duty as a Home Guard. Sxilislury Watch-man.
TEL. GRAPHIC- f
REPORTS OF THE PRS8 ASSOCIATION.
Entered ccrdiii' to aeJ f Conirres ia the veal
18C3, bv ' S. Tnr..iPHtR. ia the CLerV ofief
oftbe Dist.vOonrt f tbc Cifed.rete State
for the Northern District of Geergik.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, Jalj 15lh. Rureors are plentiful
to-lay of Uoufoderate fuccers in MarjlemL'
Private advices from Petersburg state that tue
yar.keseg peremptorily refuse to uxcharjre paeers.
A flag of trace boat arrlvt-d at Varini to-dv,
with Capt. Rajl r of Va . dpt. Poker, cf S. C,
and severs.! lcdie No late paper received by
thia arrival.
Trem Georgia.
-ATLANTA, July 14 Two Brigd?s or yarik'e
cavalry have crossed the Chattahnnchee. Moore' a
Brigades ninetniles from Newman last nicM, were
njct by Armstrong's Brigade of cavalry, and
criven back. The bridge na. burned.
N'o change ef affairs at the front. The eVny
axe firing artillery occassionally across the river
ISKCOHn DISPATCH.
ATLANTA, July 15th. Gov. . fircwn hvinr
official advices th.it pvrsotis within the military
irc haviftV Confederate detiite to remain at hrno
in pureait of their ordinary avr citions, expresses
1h determination Bnt--to abay tbs recent order
to report at Atltnta for tho defence of their
hemes and the State," has instructed the proper
officers to arrest alt such persons and send them
under guard to Atlanta, and that if fore is used
against lawful authority, sufficient forces will be
sent to any part to overcome the' resistance. He
admonishes men deatiled bv Canfrorate author
ities for agricultural purpos, a their crops aro
now laid by, the provision supply wil I not h j en
gendered by' their aVcnce fur a short period.
Nothing new in front.
From Mississippi.
RICHMOND, Jalv 15th.-The fallow! a;
wa3 received, here to-ay. We attacked a
column of the enemy uader' Smith yesterday on
their march on l'untotos to Tupelo, causinp hitn
to burn many wagons. We attacked hitn in his
position at Tupelo this morninjr. but could not
force his position; the Cattle was a'drawa cue
and lasted three hoars.
From the North.
PETERS IJTJ It (J, July !4th. The Chronica of
th& 12th contains full accounts of the rebel inva
sion. Gov. Bradford's country residtnee, six miles
from Baltimore on the Charles street arenae, acd
several other houses were burot by Hai ry
more oa the 11th. Urai ford's puvate library
and papers we c all or.pumed. This caused dis
patches to pay that intense feelings of resentment
existed. The Gunpowder bridge on tlu Phila
delphia railroad was burned at noon on the llth
also nine cars and the mails; alio Btrsh river and
3tem!iK-r river bridges.
Baltimore is now cut off fro:a all teleirrtT-liic
and railroad communication, except to VVaa-
lrgton, and appreliei.sion uxist.s that tiat nil!
sn-m bo i-aterrapt-d. iifijgee. are jioiuivj into
Baltiioon from all tjaarters. Th fnrce est??
in the fipjht t Monocacy coRistetl of the "4
corp3.' Bradford's house Was burned by order nf
.IJradley Johnson, in rrtaliK'.bjn for barriii)
Governor Letcher's house The home of Cock
ran?, Naval A rent, was also burnt .
Th' secessionist at Baltimore are confident and
say Washington willVe shelled if not captured.
The Banks, and Insurance companies have all de
. posited their valuables on board the steamer
- Cherland, in order to be ready in leave at a mo
ments notice. Arrangements have been naade to
pave the Archives from Annapolis, 'f wojniorrinjr
Train from Philadelphia were overhauled at
Magnolia, twenty miles from Baltimore, and Maj
Gen. Franklin captured, one of-the Trains repyr
ted recaptured. Hunters force occupied Mar
tinsburg end Hagerstown on t ho 11, bnt the rebels
hold South Mountain passes. Dispatches pay the
whole t'orce opperaMnj; around Baltimore city is
rt over one thousand under Harry Gilmore, and
yvt. the American says they have the City sur
rounded. It is reported that Gen. Tyler, has'eprap-cd.-
Grant has sent word that it the forces around
Baltimore and Washington can take care of those 4
places aad repulse the rebeLs he can uttend to
hiehmond satisfactorily.
Telegraphic communication was ro-catablisdied
with Philadelphia Monday right, bnt dispatches
from Baltimore says the rebul cavalry were within
three1 miles of the city.
The rebel forces, wefjp in line of battle near iho
Toll Gate on 7th street road, three miles front
Washington.
Sunday afternoon there was fi jhtinjrou Tenally
Town road, from three o'clock until nine o'clock,
daring which the Federals were driven live miles.
The rebel shells were falling within two miles of
the centre of the city.
Lincoln and Stanton rode to the front Mosday
evsniDg about 2 o'clock, while severe skirmishing
was going on. Some eight or ten houses were
destroyed near the rebel lim of battle, so as to
pr -vent their being held as defences for the rebels.
The rebels were in large force on Blair's farm.
"Silver Spring."
. 'The Chronicle says that within sight of the
Capitol; armed hosts" are thundering defiance to
tb constituted authority of the nation.
The Chronicle also say s that Washington ia the
best fortifisd citv in America and seems hopeful.
Parties in Washington were arreited tor man
ufacturing secession Hags.
Dispatches Ppra Grant's Headquarters of the
' 10th. say thaP-lhe raid In Maryland is looked
npn as a mere farce.
We knew but very few of Lee's troops have
left here.
About daylight on the llth, the Florida cap
tared and burned the Bark in tow of a tea:n
tug just outside Cape Henry. Three gunboats
were seat from Baltimore in pursuit "bf -her.
Later From tho North.
RICHMOND, July 15 The Washington Star
of the afternoon of lhe 12tb, save that along the
entire line thi? tnernjng the lebela pressed a ranch
bolder front' than yesterday At Fort Stevens,
near 7th street road, the rebel line was preyed
back half a mile. The ekirmisherB at 11 o'clock
were in close proximity. Prisoners faken say the
force in the vacinity of Fort 'Stevens, and I)e
Russynuuibered foity thousand. The railroad
t eWeen here and Ualtivaore, ia effectually broken
up by the rebels.
Still Later from the Xortu.
PETERSBURG, July 1. The ChronieU of
the 13th has dispatches from Baltimore of tho
12th, which say that all is quiet and the city
strongly defended. All business places, except
dritking house, are open. Tkeilukores, JIofF
mans and other prominent becessionisls havo been
arreted. Gunpowder Bridge is not badly dam
aged ard will be repaired in a few days:
No rebels are believed t"be within iwentv raiics
of Baltimore. Gen. Tyler is certainly kifled or
captured. The Clipper of Tuegday evening eaye
that already we have it certain that the troops
leved for the ensergency by Gen Couch are gather
ing ia front of the rebels and thateve'y 4ay the
rebel hosts linger in the State, the greater 'their
probable peril. In front of Washington, there
was skirmishing all day Tuesday and the Chonirf;
reporter from the front, says the rebcle were be
ing reinforced by the arrival of troops. He eays
that cavalrymen and iafantrjniea came in from
the Northiide of the seventh street load, nearly
ail of them passed to the right or eat side of the
road and other troops from the west side passed
over to the east of the road, the reporter says he
left the front with the conviction that the rebel
hosts are thundering at rne gates of the National
Capital, have accepted the issue as the last resort
and came with the determination to ancceed in !
their undertaking, and will not tarn back without
a thorough' and lasting defeat.
The Chronicle say's there was irregular skir
mishing, and it ia 'believed that the rebel are
retiring to Harper's Ferry. t !
Lincoln and his wife and several members of j
Congress rode to the frost to watch the ight I
Taesday evening. '
Couch and Hunter are reported to have formed
a junction at Frederick, Md., though the rebels
still hold the passes in the South Mountain. Rail-
way and telegraphic communication between .
Washington aa Baltimore were cut after twelve j
o'clock Tuesday. The Laurel and Faint Branch
llidg.s ea the Wahinj?trn and Ulimorf riiltvftr
were burnt by h reMs n Snndr. rd the
roilroad cot t-n five difJVrnnt places. The (7
says it wifl taVe nme time t repair the rail
road. " Sumner. f Mns?abn"tts, was on board
tbe train with Oti. Fretilin, bat was nut reeog
nizM ind pscaped.
The rXromVe !ay tho crack of -rVl r?s is
heard in the very environ of Wathinrtn.
A letter from NnV.ivioo of. July the 7th, fare
the final tA decisive btt'tf for Atlanta nut
hortlr ensue ia tiie vicinity' of that ritv, w
add that should iohnsfon rtand, Sherman wilf
cease flanking ani deliver tiattlo.
Ow!n to afl fnterrTtntio q tetempb. the
.Chronicle has no diapatcb la north of tlti
laore. GencraN E !rar I .Mmon, G II. St w
rt. .Traak Gadner. J. J. Archr nrd Jrft'Tfn
Tbrrpsn harcJjia place! uudr revol f re io
.'rt near Charloet-M.
Tbe Florida has captured fi :nora ressrh.
Frni Vl.!s9lppf.
' MOBILE, Jet y 1. -?iP'icrl Msny rfciv.
ed the followinc dispatch, dated Tu; wlo, July f5d, :
The enemy arein 't!l retreat in te iTciion cf
Itiplrj. .
(?'g'i-l S n?LKR.
Trivate OUpfcte'-. -?f,rt hi fivht heavy ad
the r.cmy ha-"; wi.Irc-.1. Curb's alpo severe.
PetticulaNnnt " r 'tr.r.wn.
Forreei received uexpecfd rir.f roerucn'a rf '
two hundred of MorganV irr. lin were left in
Keatucky, and be!n j unabls t . jrtM M r?an, cut
tbtir way t Forrett, being the ext beat thing
they could do.
Frow the orlh.
FETE1WBURU, Jaly The Wa.hinjtNu
Chronicle ef the Hth has been received. The reb
els comm-nccd retrtating frin Washiegton Tues
day night, the federal cavalry followed in their
rear en Wednesday, jckig up pome twe er
three huedred priaenjrs ard iome sevi tity fire
rehel wetmded left rtt Silver Hprirg. Frank
Hair's pfa.ee wa fpared by Breckinridge oa c
ceaet of past intimacy with the ewncr. MoEtjrom
ery Slair's residence was buret to the ground
with all its eoetvnts, iafltctinf, the Chrnirtt sayr,
heavy lots oe the Pat .Master General. It is sup
posed the rebls woulJ re-eros.- to Virjieia by
Edwards' and Nclands Ferry. There wae cavalry
skiraaishing aear Iladeabury Tuesday morrfier
ia which the . federals admit a Ua of thirty. A
haad car was Snt thronph te Ba'timore en
Wednesday and tbs regular trait.s would run
Tharsdav. There were ko bi idai hnrnt on th
War.;9gtan aad Baltimcie iads. Cuepewder
bridge, aj 111 Uke te days to t eetir it. Gen. Tyler is
Fafe at Ftedeiick. 1 k t Chr nitwit says the rebels
destroyed and carriJ fi a milli l;ul,el of
grain aid ab tk bnrici, ar.d a large nun hrr rf
catt'1. The Clrfiuie'e f-ryt tlur t riders btlVp do.
imprtaxt service to the fefc'ei al Pcveremat in
rallying tbe peepln u ita support ; as ao appeal
rru tl' part of the au Loiitis could kavr don? so,
and have Made tay what vuW! etherwi br a
ciffie'ilt t.-.tk, ofreeruilitg th? ariaj tu Cut vxteut
dcjf ia- r.f ee'.;ary.
Still iMtr tnm thr Xor!.
ItTCnOKD, July 17. New York papers vf
the 13th aad the Washiejton Chronicle of the
lath, have been received ; they tiv foil detail of
tbe iav&jioa of Maryland. The rebels dtaanHsd a
;,Btribntiua of twenty theu.aad dollars in (J.etn
backs th weney was pajd.
The streets ef tho city were literally filled wiih
h arses and cattle collected by foragicj parties in
the vecinity, all f v. hich were st across th? Po
teaiac. Philadelphia was greatly excited Mon
day, and business general;) seipendod. A lare
mcctiag was held in iBdepeadaric square.
Ia a skinaish nrr TTaihinr;ten V.loday
eight, ties 3rd brijads f the f.ih corps lost ix
cemmaedtrs of re ciaaiit. Priioners ay tho
dimechtruliun of the raidirs at Waikirieton was
t cover the retreat of their main body ith a
lure quistify of patnier.
GM ?n Nsw York ou the 12'h opened st 2S'
und cloi d at 2T5.
Baltimore papers ef the Hth, siy tlie eeicnay
recro?Sil th Potomac near )'.olville, drivipg
two thousand head ef cattle before tl.ew.
General Fiankliti escaped aear Iteettrlown, tho
guard having fallen aslssp.
Frara Ge-glt.
ATLANTA, July 1C There are rtorx of
another attempt by the eaemy to t the West
Toint Railroad ia circelateon, tm t ttWe is BsthlMg
certaie of the noveiReitt yet knowa.
The following oOeial repert was feat by Col.
Clemtn of Gen. Jebar tea's staff to Headquarters
datd last night.
HeahsC-k's in THirieLn. Since the failure of
the enemy to cat the West Point Railroad near
Newean, both armies have be; quiet and occupy
.their former positions. Our innn are reach ioi
preved by rest and bathieg sad are in floe spiritr.
Our Forces Rccross!d the Fntomar.
IlICilMOND, July IS. An ofiicia! iiI.iteh rrt
licveil nthVWar Department this morning, s'ates
that tha Confodeiato forces which appeared in
front of WiAfbinton en Tuesday, reerr.(cd tho
Potoniiic on tho. 14th, bringiruf 'T cvrvthin
Eafaly and in good order. Our loss was fclight.
Frcci nicIiiiiniKL
RICHMONIl, July 18. Gen. JoLnston" wng re
leased to-d.iyTfrem the eomutacd of ho Army of
TenneKeo, and Gen. Hood appoii-led in b'n pUeo.
G. A. Treaholm has J.fccn sppointd Secretary
cf the Treasury, and tho v.ith of office was ad
mrnitcrcd to-day.
From the North.
PETERSBURG, July Sth.-Noi tlirn datea
to the 15th at,d ICth received. Despatches from
Nashville say that since Jolmtaon retreat from
Kenncj-aw mountain, Sherman has picked up
three thousand prisoners.
The Chrouitle of the lfith says editorially, that
it is now safe to say there were periods between
Saturday night and Monday morning when tho
rebels might have dathed into Wa.O.tngtr.n and
cCTicted its capture if not occupation. The rh, on
icle also says the rein Is seem flattered becanso
they have put Wahicpton and IIaltir:;ore in
terror, and that they will not hesitate to repeat
the experiment.
The Chronicle alo fays editorially, that Sher
man has crossed the .Chattahoochee, and that
Johnston i3 isiide the fortifications around At
lanta. It also says'th'at it is not pcobabls that John
ston, wLo failed to arreit Sherman in his fortified
nountain stronghold, will be able to d.tain hitn
long before the town, in an open country acccssi.
ble to approaches on all sides. . .
Tho Chrmicle says further, that tbe danger ia
thAt Johnson will give up the plaee in despair,
arid destroy such of his munitions and supples as
cannot be removed, and retreat further to tho
Southwest, in tbe direction of Augusta or Savan
nah. It ay that probahly Sherman will antici
pate any movement cf the kind and eut off every
facility of retreat by tho destruction ef the rail
roads. Gold 250.