TTT? PftXTFOFiR ATE
J I J Oil 1 -Ul-7 -Lii-il A JJ i
WLDNLSDiT, FhBUlrAKT 1. tS5.
Thrsiofour citizens who ar? willing to
submit, and accept reconstruct: a wita me ;
States of the Njrth, are n t actuated by a.;
belief, th.it sh an eveat w !d b9 very bum-
rbiil t m. Tie haruiv of tin pro5rv;:t, is -
not wUit eatieai tV:n . r.xdi on, t- whit wo i
belies w.Ii h3 our o.-rt ti i d stru rti-m : and
this is s::fii;:;ily evi lent, not only from the j
unin ti" vith nfiip'i t ?'r,;l !: Lie tH- ;
giomnir, th it 'a sop.;r-ii .n one efi'-fi, should
be fin.-
a! and eU-na! n t oiilv frotfl the very
Picture, which even th," m? st .up.rGeial j
of the corpulences of 'recon-ti nation,
dirk
view ol the cor-sen
preFenti hit als-i fr.mi their mvn statemtnt contiracnt. In the p.i33ige of the cons-ilar
that lh y prtLT rscjnstiuction by c msec.:, a: aad Diplooaatic bill, buth H)us3Sof ths Yan
the alUmalice to subja-Atic-Q, whi ;h to them ! ei Caress, have refused ti recojoiz-J Max
eeerr.s to b inevitable. , I l;i;in 115 thc 1 iwful Governor of Mt-xko He
Th truth is, they have s-j livW a smse f j ia placed thr-rs and sus'ained by the. French
the ills under whk-h lliey now mfiVr, so keen Emperor. The Ymk flaernrawt has
an appreciation ot the hardsHf s tb-y now S t ik 11 the prelimi-ury sepst) determine the
endure, at-d o ded y an appfeV.-r.si . of the trf-aty of re ip.ocity be v we 3a tho United
perils! wliioh war ei.t i'; that c-vi! in the j Stmt's and Grea; liri aia, au i has tr.adj ap
diitai.c how vjr ',-r hive r;. tcmrs X r pr..pri ifaons for b .ild'ii an b aU in ti e
them ; that "t'.u v. c:ri. a'. ;it;d r;i' st Joathtd
worldly life, th.t ucm yinory im prison
ment cm ! iv on natur. ' it ho c-jupled
wirL -.iv, 15 i:i their ec a Paradise, when
ccrrpir'- l .vith thcirprt b-j.it state of cxitenc-?.
It is not !taaur t. sstarul'in the fore-front ot"
battle, Lna sr-t the re 1 flh;n of the guns,
and the do idly .itt-r d ' the bayonets of aa
approicniri li m' of tiion:"? ; to hear the
boonr:.g if the it. at ".r -, th- shriek in,
crust. i: " and irr ' in' I i.r.s'.i!'3 sh' t and
t.nc!
a j
1 ti.
of HiUrdoivus
bullets; ti virrjv--tis'i fall, all around and
about ns. of oar i-t hL-n 's and daily com-
paaiou'r, w'l.-j
drunk irora '..:
j.
iivo o'U a momc-yt ie;ore,
1 r
ir,-,.-; cuo and eaten from the:
same pi it t r
vith cur. elves, and Fe3 them
carried cut ot .he f. -Id streaming with blood
from evtry po:h!a chancier cf ghat!y
wound. Jt is not very pleasant even to know
that othtrs ure enduring thesa things, among
whom arc o::r ov.r;i fathers'and brothers a;.d
suns, wh :; '.'u a very certain but th.it
our turn rn v c n -vt.
It !- ; ol agreeable, ;
ta the most tii.tr o io f ujeij, to liar; tlicir pii-
vate pi'iijvity iakto for public uss, cither
with or with- ut j :.-! eomp -nsation. It is not
agrecabl jto iio ;-uU tttio without cur own
CjiH-.Mit first Lai a:-d obtained, and to knew
that there iv- a item unbvndij g p wer in ex
istence, which Clin, at d at a -y m ment may.
ay its in tolerable jrrasp upon us, in the n i 'st
of she d'ii'ht; of m n v mrikttii: and the
sweet coiivctse of private life, snatch us away,
and pi ice u-i arnid tVie d.Hiici-ous guns aud
swordr, un-.vi'iing candidates Tr fatne. It - is
not agreeal le to talkative imj uitire philan
thropists, who are njt over w:ll uffc-cted to
wards the common cause of their countrymen,
to Unaw that the privalege of the writ of
Habeas Corpus is in abeyance ; for phibn
thropfiy his i'o fair play, wh.m tnen are
Btnijling for existence. It is not pleasant to
eat ho:j.cly fare,to dine sc. "ntily, to drink
homeni-ih liquors and wear homespun
clothes, when men have been accustomed to
bstter things. It is not pleasant for "hands
that the rod of empire might hae swayed,"
to be compelled to confine the.nsei es to son.-e ;
meanvr ompl yment an 1 this chiss is sj no- j
mci-um fur Dr. S i!'t says "even man knows !
"that ho undsrsunda' rclighn a:i i poliii--, j
"Ihou-h 'ie ncv.-r learaed them ; but that j
"many pe. p!. arc conscious that t!:ey do not 1
''undcrsl in 1 in in v oht-r s-cn.res,ii'om having
:
'never learned t cm." And finally, ic is iairly j
disgu-ti: g t.Miawirr.ko Gcmrais
That TrerT set a madron in the field.
"! th - division t battle know, .
4-.M. -re tban a spinster, " j
I
vo iiuj mat inetr aov.ij is nos asKe.i, uor
their Vi-tuotoer coai.sel followed in ti e con
duct of the war. the management of tlie war
department, the assigrment of generals to
comm md-, the plannins of campaigns, or the
actual ceiiductt battles.
lint let us cor.r.dcr ; these things arc the
natu-al, i.eve-sary and inevitable cono-im'tams
of war, conducted on tic -exaggerated seaic
that we are cmpil:ed to ue, iu the conduct
of I hi- i !:" ; :it I t'f pangs of neglected and
insulted gi tikis, arc in-f-ier.t to every ae and
time, and country. Wc earnestly exhort meo,
. . . . . ' ;
lTHCit.vi nr,.l r..'iiTi;rn.fnti unfit t I nf J 1
States, to be very ure, that, they will not be
immediately subjected to the sjamvevi's, nadir
less favorable cii um-tarccs, after a .recon
struetioa with their Northern brethren.
Now jt;st so stircly as the United States
succeed-, iu cajoling the States which com
pose the Sonthcrn Coofcdoraey, into submis
eion and rrc-. i:.. i act! in, jut a-i certainly wi l
the recall?,-rue u- :,a-;on be hivolv'ed in aa.in-
terminable w.r with Great IVitai a and France.
The probability is sa great that it amounts to
a certainty ; & gr-.t that thinkicg nipn .in
tms country, tuve teeu astounded, that oue, !
or both ot the unions, have not already in- !
tervened in cur affairs, on this side the water, :
to prevent so reat a catastrophe ; so "reat I
v, , t i- i i i .
tnat m-arv vet lelieve. thai thev have only
' - u J
been hen tore wLthhcM. because they were of
opinion, that the Suth would held its own
agaiiis
inst the Yankee nation,-and that when they
t;i tf nan. r. . r r
sati?htd the supreme moment of our fate
hasarnved, they will, even now, interpose to : heretofore given by exempted and detailed
prevent th- construction of the edd Union. ! men shall btnd them to comply with the
Here will i n-t- , ! same, only to am extent bearing the same pro-
jieie n m tk. a riat.ou ftila more than a ' u u i u- .
. , , - , portion to the whole amount which would be
million traiLcd.ohlurs. Here will be men, ! due thereon in one y-ar if this act had hot
who have for four or five years, given up all j passed, aa the time they shall have been ex
other pursuits, to follow the peculiar calling ' einpted or detai'el bears to a year,
of the soldier, they are tired of it now but lei ' , i;Sectios 3. Xo person shall be exempt
,., . .1 j- I by virtue of the act "to exempt contractors
tnexn return to the ordinary avocations of r . . ,l e .u r
. j UIW..U111US oi : for carrying the mails of the Confederate
civil life, they will find themselves unfitted ! States and the drivers of post coach and
for them, and all experience has demonstrate . backs from military servive' approved April
ed, that there is a stranqe fascination in the ! 14, lg63' l5ncs such Person shall be over
adtenturous ciashin.-lif. r . ,
r -
a military career,
for those who have once tried it they would
;cad7.to.flockin thousand to tho stand- '
ar( 0f aDy man, who could afford them the ;:
J old life of excitement and danger, to which t
they have Lecomo accustoned. There is hard-
y afcrcath of popular feeling which reaches
, ' . !
"j u.-., r-.c
ar a naturally indi -nant with then, for
"IO -- v..
'u ulTr ,u i-iuc
stru2S,e for exls5ence-
Maximilian has founded bis empire ia McxU
-' l ic uuuc ui uic anuw
gross, h is pass! resoltitt jaj, expressing tb.3
determination of the Yankee people, to mxla-
t,:n the Monro-3 doctrine, which forbids the
establishment ot any European power on this
Ciiio Jian Liki.i. Grc it Br'u da, on the
otfu rli iiid. has or h?r ;I thirty u;i'jo its, with
tiiirty fi-o hu id.-ed nien, to oftiiso in thusi
wsteri. Under ihhe tiro urn stances, we find
Lincl-, at a period when, as he stipooseA we
! !. .: i - j:
er. for th-3 first time.
tending Francis P
Biair to Richmond upon an (Li'mssy it is"
;:iKt, of p'-aca and reconstruct!- ,-.t. una on his
ii'turniug u.irucci'essful seijding h'rn ia hot
ha-,', 32-iin. If rccjo trill ion is fiTiciod,
n ) mra c- c (Ted ual tneti.otd for cc-j soli'laiing
Ii .cola's pjwer couid he sugesrad, than a
pop:iir forpn war. Ui;der such circum
stances, who that sttdies passing events, can
t.iil to perceive, that an immediate war, be
Uven the reconstructed UmojJ Stites, 'and
"Oreat Brita'n and France is inevitable ?
Such a war v.oald be no chili's play ; it
v.'onM bo gigantic in its p opcrtiens ; the
combined streno-th of Great Rritain and France
is en-'t inous. An immense army and a huge
liiyy would have to bt- kept up, by. proba
V) hfern a consctii)tiou as tnat to which
we sre now sulj-ctc-d. Provost marshals
w mid be stationed at every ; trcet corner, s
pciady in the South cih States. The loom
ing of cannon, the shocking of shot at.d
shell, the hissing of bullets, and the flashing
of sword and bayonet, would have to be met,
then as now. Death and blood and wounds
would be then alsj "occurrences of every day
life. Slaves if we had any left and free
negroes. to, would be material fofsoidien?, s'de
j by side with their late masters. Who doubts
'.1. -a
that our ports would b3 blockaded by the
jt:re.t fleets of this-3 European nations, and
heavy taxes, an inflated currency, hi;"h priees,
hard titnes, and homely living wcul 1 again
be the order of the day ? Who doubts that
th privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
would be suspended ; when Lincoln now
claims and exercises the right to suspend it,
by his proclamation alone, without the inter
vention of Ongress, and a recent debate in
the Federal Congress disc'ott-s, that it is the
coDstau practice, not only of President Lin-c-
In or his Secretary of Stnte, hut of any
mem her of the Cabinet v ho chooses, and even
of the Solicitor ot the Treasury, to clap, any j
man iuto prison, upon his own suspicion of
anything, and there to- keep him without
trial, without intercourse with his Mends,
without any- information of what he is charged
withal7 Who douhte further that there
11 1 ,,u uuu lurintr, inau iuliv
would be then as now, unappreciated slates-
men and military geniuses, 44 cf whom the
world is not worthy," whose counsels would
, V . j i i 1 n t
be neglected, and v. nose chums would be lg-
e ,.X n li .ir.l.. r f It e m ek . . o 1 r Cf. . I ....
And all this we would have to endure, not
then as now, of our own free will", to sive
ourselves, cur wives and our little oues, frc m
degradation and bondage, to maintain our
own honor, to secure our own independence,
j with the pure aspirations and the brave hopes-
which every Confederate soldier has a right to
entertain ; hut in obedience to the behests of
our masters, to consolidate our fetters and to
rivet our chains.
We give below a copy of a bill recently
passed by the House of Representatives to
diminish the number of "exemptions.
Of
j course it has to go to the Senate before it bc-
e. .cos the law of the land .
"The Congress cf the Confederate States oy
America Jo enact, That po much of the act 'to
organize forces to srve during the war ap
proved Februir y 17, 1S64, as exempts cne
per-in cr overseer cr agriculturist on etch
am r pUnta tion, upon which th pre were,
at ;-peeiticd time, fifteen ab lebcelied fi!d hands
Ktv een the ajies of sixteen and fifty, upon i
ccrtrdn condition, is hereby repealed.
44ectin zi io exemption or detvl shall I
j b. granted bv the "President or Secretary of
i W7ar Kir nrtno t a i 1 aif ir-iif . s f -- r I
lflwfni!P rpr!fsrtpa hv a hnarA n S1,L ,J
unable to perform active servics in tin fi-ld.
persons over the age of forty years, and of
artiu?' mechanics, and persons of scientific
employed by, or working- for the govern-
i i i n ,
mer.t, and shown bv pt oner testimony to be
artisans, mechanics, cr persons of scientific
skill ; and, with the sime excrptlons, all ex-
fmP,lous at)d details hereto.ore granted by
u,e Fresident or Secretary of War by virtue
nf - , ax, OM - . . . . .
ioriy-uve years ot age, excepx coniraciors
personally eugaged in the execution of con
tracts now existing. .
GENERit ASSEMBLY OF K0RT1I CAROLINA.
- "
SENATE. -
THUBiDAr, Jan. 26, 1365.
Tn-rtW; . a - i .l - r
Re.olutt ns and memorials in the case f
xjt. nonry r. mtter, transmitted . fr. m thr 4
ni i u, ivcre read amd referred to tho cooi
liji tee on propositions and grievances.
Mr. Matthews introduced a bill to amend
" an act to increase the efficiency of the Home
Guard' - ;
Resolations to procure exemption from
military service, of millers and artizans. in
order to eve the public, uere agreed W veas
21, nays 19
The bill to make robbery of dwellino- hocs-
ps in the day tieje a capital offence, b.ing be-
fore the ben a f, was aftr a
table, by-yeas '25 nays 14.
lore the benat", was aft-r a lengthy discu
her tie puni-hnient
e crime, laid cm the
The special order reic-lutions in reference
to.iinprcssmeMs by the Cooftderate Gdvern
ment, with a ?roXisod amendment to ' stiike
out the tee nd an 1 third resolutions ffcinj
under consideration, Mr. OJom strenuously
opposed the ao"o tioa of the amendiient, c in
tending tti it the. manner in which the im
pressment laws were executed was both " gal-
. iiag " and 44 nminiens "
Mr. Cuts fn.:d he should vote for the
amendment and in (tee it fa;h d, fchrul.i then
vcte ajrjiflst the whose n ure. The oHjeft
of ihese t-.vo ie.-olu:hus die second and the
third he could rot but thir-k was to cast
s'.urs upi n the authorities at Richmond.
Mr. Ward dempd th3 imj r:ssment iw
ntc ssary. a d df f nded tbfm on the.-ground
of their great u-il ty.- At the -cor clusi ju of
his remaiks,
Mr. Dick jT'ceeded to pddre s the Senat-
at length en the nor'nT rf-fsi.Iuf-I-.ns nnnnainar
the prop srd amen Inent to strike ont the
s cot d and th:r1. and -eviowng the nneral
c. urcc "c f the administration, in proof of his
position t! at they nefdel to be spoken to
plainly. In the cc u'se of his animadversions'
he d'A'K It parthularly on the facts that Wil
n.inotfii the m st important pi ice in the
South had been left with a carr'snn of only
8000 when-North Carolina had' furnished 120
000 tror'-ps; that representatives even in their
own State couki not travel unaiolestcd with?ut
prccuting papers like negrfirs. and that irrc
" spousitle congrcsi mal d legations (rem Ken
tucky ar d Missouri had p wer ta force upon
North Carolina Jaws whtdly abhoneatto her.
In conclusion, Ire declared he had no idea of
giving up the liberies of the State of North
Carolina to cither Abraham Lincoln or Jeffer
s..n Davis, and said that as Xcnophon and the
Ten Thouard, after years of trials andnf-
feiang, cried ont at last the sea ! the sea !
the people of the South were clamourinir Un
pe
ace
peace 1
The Smate then adjourned.
Friday, J in. 27, 18G5.
A message was received from the II ju o
transmitting bills and resolutions, which were
read the first time, a3 follows: bills to incor
porate the trustees of the. Hill Ophan Fund,
end to exempt certain emp'dyfees of newspa--'persfrtm
Home Guard duty, and resdudo'ns
to rulhorize His Exctllency. the Governor, to
tr.ins'tr the m iterial of the Sa'e salt works at
Wilmington to, Saltvdle or any other point,
in lavor of privates, non commissioned and
commissiore officers, and to allow S. F."
.Phillips E-q , $750 for services as co-nrnis-sioiier"
to investigate the State blockade ope-:
rations acd II. S.Thomas, clerk, $GO0. This
latter resolution, under a suspension of the
rules, p-ssed its second and third readings
Mr. ArencVl intrcduc3d a resolution to al
low the amount cf their necessiry expenses to
tha SuTgcoas ot Home Guard Examining
P-oatd and the hour for the considt ration of
the special order the impressment resolu
tions having arrived, the question being on
the adoption of Mr. EHib' amendment to
strike out the second and third, resolutions.
Mr. Bryson proceeded to address the Sena;e
thereon, saying that .whilr he deemed a por
tion of these resolutionss right and proper, he
cou'd not endurrc ail. Wrong had be n dt,ne,
he knew by the execution of the impressment
laws, but the passage t1 resolutions like these
under consideration was not the way to re-
i e - , . i
sh pj)ly e f provissions l e had jus purchased
was impress d, thereby putting him to no
little trouble and inconvenience. Instead of
cy'ng out that this was an outrage aud ma
king it the eccasion to attack the Govern
ment, he looked upon .it only as the fault of
an inefficient officer who did not understand
his duty. The speaker then proceeded to
speak generally in eh fence of the Government,
upholding the necessity acd propriety of iro
prcsMnent, conscription, the tuspen&ion of the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and
other measures of contested legality. In the
final and glorious success of the cause, he ex
pressed f is fullest conviction and vehemently
opposed the idea of there being any necessity
for a Convention, arguing that if -such Con
vention should be summoned and by its ac
tion the State should .alter its present posi
tion, North Carolina would have to fight the
combined armies of Le and Grant.
Mr Lassiter upheld the resolutions, declar
ing tint this was the only way in which the
pe p!s could mske known to the government,
the grievances entaiied by the operation ef the
impressment law. A governments, Mr. L:
contirued, pass at times bad laws, and against
?uch laws the people have a right to protest,
lie then went on to discuss the resolutions,
seriatim, contending for the propriety of each,
and declaring that iftidopted the government
would, if acting wisely, heed the remonstrance.
Mr. PitcLford s aid he was opposed to this
perpetual carping at the government. He
had never been a Becesicnist, but now he
stood by the government. -His sons wene vol-,
untarify in fflk ar"T, acflin hisrjer tft
was a mound enwrapping the one slain at
Coiil Ilarb"r. flow could he, then, thinking
f 1 . t - A cm r . ? I t? i u fHov Vo nororn - r-. f
WH h f p 1 fnr w-h?nh hUhmtherz v.r
still in the field, r which he, old as he was,
would i!o service, was a government of op
pression ? He did not believe it ; he thought
no wiorg had been intended ; the hardships
we suffered were irevirahle. and heculdonJv
aonress tnose wno Deneveo an iosr, in tneworas
of 15'iris : - j.
"Who w onld be a traitor knave, j
Who would live io be a e'ave, " j
Who would till a coward's grave, !
Let him tarn and flee.'" - j
Mr. Warren thought the second and third
resolutions both true in themselves and germane
to the general subject of impressment, aud
strenuously advocated their adoption.
Oa motion of Mr. Wiggins the vote on the
proposition to strike out these resolutions was
taken by yeas aod nays and they were stricken
out by yeas 22, nays 16, as follows :
Yeas. Messrs. Ajcock, Bryson, Cnnrp,
Courts. 1 His, Grier, Harris, Ho? ton Kirby, Mc
Corkle, McEachern, Miller, Patterson, Palton,
PitcLford, Smith, Speight Straughan, Ward,
Whitford, Wiggins, Wright. Wynne 23.
Nats Messrs. Arendell, Baglej, Berry
Blount, Bogle, Diet, Jones, Lassiter, .Leltcn
Long, Matthews, Odom, Snead, Stubbs, War.
Vren' WinstcadlS.
j The following ari
are the reaoululicns stricken
. Rttalvtd, That this General Assemjbly takes cc-
vwuu m ini connexion w express tue opinion
tbaf much of the mwhinerr h5 whi.I ilii-in!
federate Goverauoeai gi?es effect to the extra
ordinary measures connected with tl ia w r, is
both gallirg a.d ominous, and is well calcu
lated to agitate a people n fi?cting upon their
lrueage and farmer freedom.:
Reaolttd, further; That each experiments upn
the temper of this cvmmoaweltb baveinoreatd,
are increasing and ought to be dimioisbed.
.Mr.'Dick moved an -naetdmsct to strikeout
all after He$oleed" and insert. a lubstitute.
Not agreed to. -
The resolutions, as amend; d then passed
their second reading by yeas 30 nays 3 Messrs
Aycock, Eryson, and, Ward.
Under a suspension of the rnle, the reso
lutions were then put upon their ihird read
ing and passed, as follows :
ll'sohdkms upon the subject of imprcssmints
hy ihe Confederate Govet nment.
Whereas, it is a plain principle of justice
that all the expenses caused by the preseut
war should be borne by the various citizens
in due proportion to their property; and
whereas, the prices occasioned by the depre
ciation of the currency ae fairly to be reckon
ed amoDgst such expenses ; whereas, further,
it is equally unjust and unconstitutional for
the Confederate Government to appropriate
the property of private citizens wirhoit just
comrensation to the own--re :" Therefore,
Rnolced, That this General Assembly, in
the name of the jjood r-e le tef Xorth Caro-
- W W V
l lina, doth solemnly piox'ot urrainst- the svs-
lem nowiQ force thiviiThout this State, by
whica the Confederate Governti.ent claims
and exercises the powr ct impressing private
property at certain nominal rates, atbitrarily I
established, and known as schedjile prices, i
Rtsolved, That II is Excellency' Governor j
Vance be requested to trai ?mit copies of these
Resolutions to ITis Exeellevcy the President
of the Ccu federate S at' S; and also to our
Senators and Representatives im Congress, to
bv by them laid befora that ho:(trablo body.
And the Senate theii a-.ljo'uited.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Tnt7uDAY Jan. 28.
Mr. Shepherd in the chair.
The Committee on privileges and eleoiians
reported , that in the contestfcd election case
f .r the countyof Northampton, no fraud ap
peared on the part of cither contestant but iu
the returns appeared buch inforrnalby as leal
them to doubt who was in reality elected,
Wherefore thev submitted resolutions to de-
j clare the seat, for Northampton vacaut, to
pro vice lor anew election to nil the same,
and to allo'-- ihe preseut contestments (Messrs
Rogers aod Calverte the legislative mileage
and per uitm during, their aiteudauce during
the eesiou.
Mr, Grissom introduced resolutions to pro
.vide for the appi.intment by each Sheriff 'of a
Deputy, to dtclare sueh Deputy a Stata of
ficer, and to call upon, the Governor, iu the
case of such (ffijer oei ig consciipted, to de
mand his leturn to his official 'dudes, ll-'er-red
to the Judiciary Committee.
Bill to prevent o bstrucaions to the passage
of fih up Newbegan Creek, (and on motion
of Mr, Banbury Chowan river,) and to amend
the 101st c'-ap. Revised Cde, passed ULdcr a
suspension cf ihe rules, their second and third
readings,
The mil to exempt the Mayor and Commis
sioner and ctrttin municipal officeis of the Chy
of It ikigh from Horns Guard duty beirg under
consideration,
Mr. Benbury moved it be so amende! as to
extend its provisions to all incorporate towns
in the State. Agreed to.
Mr. McAden moved a further amendment to
include farmers selliug produce at schedule rates
to soldiers families, and those who were the
heads of families of four children. Agreed to,
and the bill was then tabled fur the present.
On motion the consideration of resolutions
introduced by Mr. Carter, oo the subject of
peace the special order for the day, was post
poned till Tuesday next at 12 in., and the House
then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Faidaty 'January 27, 18G4.
Mr. Shepherd in ihe ch&ir.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. Atkinson, of the Presby
terian cbuich.
Leave of absence was granted Mr. Rtddick
till Monday next Mr. Rogers till Tuesday, and
Mr. Hassell till Thursday.
A communication was received from the Pub
lic Treasurer, read and seot to the Seoate.
(T is communication asks for imformation as
tc whatclass of State, notes it was the inten
tion of the Legislature, half of the appropria
tions for 1365 and 1866 should be paid in to
the Insane Asylum, and declares no drafts will
in future be paid said institution bejond the
amount of the appropriatioas made therefor.)
Mr. J. H. Headea intro Jced'a bill to amend
the charter of the Lockville Iron Company.
Passed, under a suspension of the rules.
The bill to exempt certain employees of the
N. C .Powder works was passed, after being
amended, under a suspension of the i ules.
A bill concerning exerap'ions being before
the House was, on motion of Mr. McGebee,
amended to as to allow the iojuction again-t
the impressment of private property, in cses
of alleged unjust price, except when the im
pressing officer shall give secudty to abide by
tbe price to be decreed, and the bill pasod its
final reading. Resolutions requesting the ap
praising State Commissioners to allow market
value for articles impressed in case ef ai ap
peal, passed its third reading, and tbe House
adjourned.
SEXA1E.
Saturday,- Jan. 28, 1865.
Mr. Bryson presented a memoiial from cit
izens of CIjv county, praying certain appoint
ments as Magistrates.
Mr. Patterson introduced a bill to continue
in force till 1867, the provisions of an act
amendatory of cnapter 36, Revised Code,
which, uider a suspension of th rules, pass
ed. (This act legaliz s suspension of spstie
payment of banks.)
Mr. Warren, a bill to amend the RereiSue
act (by imposing a tax of $1,000 on obtain
ing from the General Assembly acts of in
corporation or amendments thereto), and a
b?!l for the relifof Wm. J3. Campbell, sheriff
j aT Beaufort county, which latter, under a
suspension or ;ne roies, passed..
Resolutions in favor of D. F. Bagley, sber
iil' of Perquimans, aud of A. S-unders, sheriff
of Montgomery, and a bill to incorporate the
Trus'eesTof tJie Iliii Orphan Fund, passed
their third reading.
The resolutions protesting against the poli
cy of -emancipation for public services wefe
taken up and passed, by yeas 39, najs 3.
Tbe resolutiuns as passed are as follows:
Resolved, That the'Sfcate of North Carolina
protests agaiust' the arming of tlu slaves by
the Confederate. Go vernmen , in any enaergeu-
cy tl at can possibly arise but gives hs con- j
sent to their being taken and used as laborer
in tbe public set vice, upon just compensation
being made.
Resolttd, That North Carolina denies the
constitutional power of the Confederate Gov
ernment to impress slave for Whe purpose ot
arming them, or preparing them to be armed
in any contingency, without tho consent of
the Stales "being first freely giea and then,
only acord'Lg to State laws.
Itesnlctd. That his Excellency, Governor Z.
B. Vatc, be requested to commuaicate copy
of these resolutions tecch of onr Ssoators and
Ileprescutatires.
of FayetteVde, and to ameodthe carter of the
Drakesville Ira Co., and re&olutijo3 authori
xiag the retacval of the &alt works frwni Wil
mington passed their third rcalieg.
lr. Pttch.'crd, rising to a persontl explaoa
tion, iid he bad not deo'ared, as was the im-
prejjicu, that he bad declared that ire -
meaning thereby the C9nf adt-rate States irere
teiiippca," but that just now we were whipped,
as we had been at .Douelsou and Vickburg, br
having been defeate 1 in m btary c ga;f mots.
He was far from sayiog r btleivii.g that we
were surjugatea. . -
a u;:i io exempt press employees trom- nome
Gurd duty, save in cas:s of servile iorurrec
liou, or iuva-iofi by the public enemy, of the
c unty. passed its seoi d teading ytai 21,
nsy 13, and ske Seratc adj urud.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. Shepherd in the C air.
Prayer by Rev. R Mason Jr., of tie Epis
copal Churcn.
A message watt r?nt the Senate transmitting
resolutions propwiug to rai.-e a Ji-int Select
Committee, of two o i the part of the II ue .
aud one from the Senate, to examine into the
jjener.il financial and business manag2meut of
th Insane Asylum, and to enquire is to the
propriety of further tustaining said iuetitu
tion, in which prop-aitiucs thf. Senile cr
curred, the lletis being intormetl thereof by
messi-e from that body. Also, another mes
sage w is sent the Seeate transmitting tbere
wiih til's to eXempt the officer end employers
of the N. C Powder Manufacturing Co. from
military outy ( n condition th-?y n aka the
St tte powder when required and pay 2o per.
cent, of their aurhual profits over into the
Treasury); to amend the charter of I ho
Dr.iksville Iron C , in the count v of Chat
ham and a bill concerning injunctions, atid
resolutions in favour of C. Jackson, S Mo
Farbu.e; D. F. Bi-ley, S. F. Phillips, and II.
L. Plumner.
A message having been received from the
Senate transmitting House resolutions on
cerning impressments, with ammdaaeuti
therctj, extra message rn I rcsdution were,
on noii'u ot Mr. Plihip laid -n the table.
The House then trt ceeded t th-j cnsidc-
ration of nominations for appoiutme.its as
magistrates, at the conclusion of which the
lists c incurred in were tent tho Senate aud
the House adjourned.
SENATK.
Monday, Jan. r0,.13C5.
PrayerbytheRev.il. S- Mason, Jr., of
the Kpi-cpal church.
From the Committee on Pr .posil ions and
Grievances the rvsolutious in tho case of Dr.
Henry P. R tter, were reported with a recom
mendation they do pass
' From the Committee on tho Judiciary, the
bill to prevent the further sacrifice of property
(by the exaction of specie payments on exe
cution) was reported with a lequest that the
corn mi tee be discharged from" tne further con
sideration thereof. So nrde-ed.
A mosagc, received from the House, tra s
milting i-ppeintincnts 1 f Magistrates, was then
t;;ken up and the.appcititn.euts discms d
Pcce-iog this discussion, another nscssage was
received from the llwtioC transmit irg other
nominations.
Mr. Pirchford moved these message?, with
eccompauyiug lists, be laid on tbe table. N-1
agreed to yeas 11, rays 19, and the nomi
nations (hard on three hundred and fifty in
number) weri then concurred in.
The hour ot twehe -rriving, the special ci
der therefor was taken up, being Mr. li'lio'
-rcsolu i ns to pay to soliers serving rut the
war, a b unty of fifty r.cres of land and one
negro ft How. In support of this reso'uion
Mr. Eiiis spoke at some length, doMarimz no
cne had a better right to botU land and ne
groes than the man who was fighting for tho
defence and possession of one and the other,
and in conclusion, Fftying ho u'tiily scouted
and s -off- d at any idea of our now or hereaf
ter bc'tg subjugated.
At the conclus on of his remarks,
Mr. Grier moved to strike out the words
'who v.s not a s ave holder at the tim-i of
such culi&tnr.eat," in order to make the boun
ty equal as the fevice. Agreed to, jeis 10,
nays 10
Mr. Patton moved to lay tho rc x!u tions oa
the table. Not agreed to.
Mr. Arendell ra ved they be referred to tho
Judiciary Committer, and the Senate so or
dered. The biT exempt the employees cf
newspapers from IL tn3 Gaud duty, save in
certain great emergencies, being befuro the
Senate.
Mr. Dick moved to anv'nd by extending
the provisions of the bill to miU-wrights.
Not agreed to, yeas 11, nays 17.
Mr. Leitcl" moved to exempt a deputy
sherilTin counties where there is no tax col
lector. Not : greed to, yeas 13, nays 15.
And the bill then failed to pass its third
reudibg. yeas 14, nays 15.
THE CAT OUT OF THE WALLET AT LAST.
Mr. II ron moved an adjournment, sine
die, on Wednesday next, the first of February,
aud prore ding to advocate his motion, de.
clared it was useless to wait for the return
of commhsioners, when he was called ta or
der by
Mr. Aiendell, who stated it was not in order
to discuss in open cession what bad been agi
tated in secret, and was sustained in the point
raised by theSpeikcr.notwithitandicg which,
Mr. Horton proceeded to'say that everybody
knew Commissioners had been sent but did'nt
know what fjr. (Laughter.) He was not ia
favor of waiting for som(lody,ot in this way
the Senate might never be able to adjiurnin
case somebody did'nt come. (Jlenewjd laugh
ter.) . Mr. Leitcb moved the resolution be referred
to the committee on adjournment, which wu
done, and the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. Fowle in the. Chair.
A message was scut to tbe Serati tramwaitt
ing a tumterof appointments a 8 magistrates.
Mr. Brown cf Mecklenburg, moved a mess
age be sent the Senate proposing a joint order
of adjournment, sine die, 00 Wednesday nextr
the first of February at nine o'clock a. ra.
Mr. Gf issom moved the refolution be laid
cn tie table. So ordered, yeas 44, nayt 34,
- Mr. J. U. Headen moveii in adjournment
on Friday next, th third of February, over
to the first of April, 1865. Informally pass
over.
Mr. Sharpe introduced a resolution in rc
Terence to the Insane Asylum (calling for it
formation as to tbe receipts from and the ex'
penditures on account of the farm of that ii i
stitutioa ; also, as to the nohiber of patieu
from other States and tlm expenses iucurn,
by tUsir reception.)
ft
. ?dr. Mil Mi. a luM:m in rrCr-iir
''he uuhi ct ot a!t, fHut'iorizioi? hiexcillencv
o
j Mie Gov rr.i r, to contract with Sturt Bnc-
I banan Cu , if diem ed necessary, for a sup
' ply ot salt far 18G5) whiih, tinder a tuspeu-
I ik . ..!.... i . : i: .
Mr. Mann intr iced a bill in regard to
the -nagtstratrs of Pasqtiutank county.
Mr. Jordan, a6ill concerning county fur-
ifeyors.
j Mr. Djnd pf Gates, a bill to citato a b me
stead free-hel !, by exerr.pting frona taftion
6fty aciei of land, inoiu'iug that p"iton
j herettn the dwelln trse ana necesnary
j out buildings' nrmt the propel ly of any citiz.M
lot NoMi Oandtna.
The bill to nllow fifteen mg'-tratcs in th'5
i counfv of Halifax, U transact all cutmf y bui-
' nesj therein p isscd. under a sper.o:i of fie
j rules, its final r adiai.
Tr.e bill to amend the act authorizing the
Governor to employ flato lalr on fortifica-
j tions, etc. being on it second reading, did not
pass the sanv, yeas, 19, nays 60.
I The bill to restore jury trial in certain ct
j in the county of Chowan pissed its second,
j aud, under a fuspcnien of tb rule its third
1 reading.
I A bill to ba enticed an act for the relief of
J tuc peop (taxing a'l roMe.tiors in fecie cn
executions 90 percent.) be;ng before thr Horw,
it was moved it be tabled. Not a;tced to,
I yeas 38, nays 52, and it was tbu formally ,
I pass' d ver ye-is 61, nays 12.
A message was receirctl fnm the SenaM
stating the cr-ncurrenCHof tliat btdy in tho
nominations for magistrates made by fctbe
Ho:ic, and tha House the'u a !j or.cd.
'Arnciig the magitratcs appointel at thin
session there were for Wake county Messrs.
A. IV C. Bryan, J.is. P. Chandler, Thus. C.
Smi:kH H. Gill. Isaac II. R gcrs. R. C.
j Ba-ir, T. II. Hill, W-n. R. Richardson, Gar
I rett P.roadwcll.John Johnson aud J.T. Leach.
I Tor the Confederate.
Mr. Kditc-r : Aft- r perusing the ?ro-(jrcs-i''
this morning, I felt quite iniisc teal,
j and couid not tefrata from giving expression
! to the following' :
j . Bor, IinM up the Flajr,
I Our Red I lag of Battle.
Ja-1 the loud cannm roar
Aad niukctry rnttle.
? t vet tb Vr-(K'ioon
Shrinks bacit to hit hetj,
Net yet cas thi Pice King
Come aimitt' u. to dwell.
We will not ho!. up,.
Tbe White Flap of Peace,
Till Freedom ure vili
And tjranoii-s cease.
Then hold up our Flap-
L'ntained l t it wave,
Let' have l'rr lo,n with TcaCtf,
Or War and the Urr
Let it wave in detiaoco .
Before the bae foe,
Let's defend it forever
rjorue weal or c.me woo.
W will not ludd up
The White Flag: of Tcaco
TiirH'reedorn prerails.
And t r Tannics ceaic.
D'at the sword shall be broken,
Atd fall from our hand. '
When Northmen uhall yield us,
The ri?hti wo demand.
AVrr r home l"t U fco,
Where'the liertb rirea burn
TidWe hearts are waiting
To gt e.-t our return.
Thru, we'll up with the PUg
The Whit Flap f Peac
When Freedom pieraiU,
And tTraaniea cee.
FELTON, 9t V. C.
- The Dying Soldier
BT C 51?. R03E&T K. VAKCE.
A Cenfedcrate prisoner of war, at " Catrp
Chase," Ohio, was lyitsz on bis bunk in a d?ing
state. His brother soldiers kept vigil at his ride.
At length be was quite 8till,;and all thought tho
strugjl was over, when he suddenly rallied,
opened his eyes and said : ' Bojs, ccrer take th
oath the country is safe tho Confederacy will
triumph," and expired at once t
i The wiutrv wind went howling by with drear and
, fiiercinj; breath,
1 As on hi c.oK-h as V.dior lay, the victim of grim
I d'atk t
t For o'er him then th2 icy hand was clofing Lard
! nd fast.
llisdvtn'r ?i2hs commingMng sad with eveniog'i
olVua rdftsL
Xot one was there of all he'd known, in betUr
time ? than these,
To smooth his brow, to kiss his cheek, aod give
his tv-soni ease :
For far from thim the striokea one was failing
s'.ow and pure,
Nor precious peta, cor tender friends were there
to weep or cure.
His home was iu th3 bonny South, the land cf
sun and fhjwerr,
And fr away the h-usehold band did keep h
weary hours;
And nip ht and mora they offered up, within hu
di tant hom,
The prayer that Ood wool! bring bitn hence,
but still he did not come.
And e'en bis babes would era cry oft, of their fond
mother true,
"Why don't pappa coca borne again to meet with
us and you?
And broken hearts and tears were there U mark
tbe absent one,
Wb liag-r'd la his foeman'i graip, life's con.
fiict nearly done.
Butnotwitbangulihoa.hu sight this touching
vi?ion fell,
IlisUod, he knew, was kind and jast, 'Hedoeth
all thinjs well;"
From Hiin they come, to Him thrr gars ; then,
with a chaitened will, ...
He sank upon his newly bed, 'till life itsalfaeemM
still.
We wateb'd him as he calmly lay, aad thought
the struggle o'er,
His martial step and manly voice we d see and
bear n more ;
Nor in the battU'i fierce array would he for
country staind,
Hia puie, heroic so aid had fled iatothe dreamless
land.
: But, kUaage to tell, be mov'd again, and epea'4
nis dyior eye,
While .oa his face a smile wm aeea, ef pirpoa)
noble fairh ;
"All's aiea-," be said, "reject tbaoAtu j my
native 8mUi will wisl"
And tbeo bis soldier spirit pas&'d away frosa
srutn and sla.
A straajre. wild thrill ran through us all, as these
brar words were said,
And many a stern, undaunted eye, the tar ef
sorrow shed ; ,
And vows were spoke from mouth to mouth by
ev'ry Southland son, .
"May God to us do so and more if eer this thin
is dona." .
Fort Delaware, Aug, SOtb, 1564.
The French are building at Toulon a new
iron clad war steamer, which tbey claim wil
be snpexior to anything yet built in Europe or
Amercia. This neweogine of war is called
Le Tou read, lies low in the water, is round
backed like a turtle turns quickly off its axis,
it h eavily cutrassed, has rreat speed, and car,
rie a big gun fore and aft.