THE CONFEDERATE.
WKDSESDAY, February II, 1864
Th? Habeas Corpns--Contlncd
Y '.r'ni-c l on yesterday to meet the ap
. . tii;it agitators mike to English History
j , pr...(-'!tnt against the-' purp'usion of the
wr't i-i" '"-' rorPKS- They proles: that sncii
!'!! i.- an "odious act of despotism"
v-rivi' of free jovernraent and they say,
, T , '.:. .1 isacuntrv of C'nfti'tutional lib
t.,.vt:. it i" Kola'-id writ sacred, and
t'-.-v IiiV? the infer-.-nce, that the suspension
-,f r;t ( haotas corpus docs not occur in
We !r:v this t l-eso: on the contrary,
;-. v hit. -n-ft. reader of Loghcih history, js
i- ;' riii i -f th frequent resort to the suspen
? ; ( this at. Previous to 1704, it had been
n::." tim-44 Mi-pended. I the reign of King
W.iiiam. in that of K'u.g James, in 1715-22
7- ly.th the writ at common i,iv
that r,;i-r Jyu Char'a, ur.-ler the Petition
of K l;t. and in i!er the statute of Charles,
a'! hii-e vie.'-i' d to imperative State necessity,
av:d t ac:s 'f .rrsp4nion ; and no Kuglishman
v: ..b-ervt-d the law., and did Lis duty, ever
F'.iVrd i:3C';ivprdirice. O.i the contrary, it
r-n -o.rx'-d hy Mr. llnike, that great and
f.-.-'ir -it'- thik'T. and most coriTvati ve states
rra::. in th" rp'-t-lliori of 1715 and 1745
' :;. r v r.i' houses were divided K'tween t!i
,' : - f t'e: Stuarts, and those of the H .'i
f I! in vt-r. II lppily, by the Misp'-nsi u ..f
" torpns act, the heads f yeveial
"i, s, now the oriia'nent.s of th-ir
" :ry . ' f;' sa-!y I-'nkd up in the Tower.
" w ;.: !: ' if in c..:;d.tion to take any part in the
r ().t- f 'i-: r f. rtnii's -.v.-nld have been cmm-
d. th-n s.-lv.-s bi.t;Lt to the scaffold,
" s'i I t ti-i r f;ifniii- xtii.ct.
" I'.-s-i'r'j (.fM 7e .-ante salutary effects
" m i'i art J'i"ni the atopion at pres'nt of
" .1' in. '1 1 ': m' ion-: .
:, - 17','t thr ?U'p'"isi-is f the act o!
h't'fui ri-rput hav- o '. 'irred a' tin in Kng!;ii;d
in t'h'- r-Vm v I m-fr ai; than on the 04; -ca-i-'ii
of th- " fjoni..l iiMUirection ; mnl stil;
la'er, n lien Win Smith ()'Iiri-'i and thu Irih
ra'-i'-'ts at?"f!ipfed t'ne n-dein ption of Ireland.
V, ' w-' v;-,'nt cad t 1 n - public ut'ntion par
ti ::;ir;y to the supefiMou of tlu a.-t in 1794,
th- eaiie wlii. h le 1 to it, and the happy re-Buit-i
-;;'-rt'd by it.
On t'nc 1'Jth of May if that year, the King
mtith-d tii" II uf "t C t: 1 in-::s that the coun
trv !"-i:ig th n at- war wit'n Kra:i' e. " certain
" s' d ti' Ms pr.i'-tie'-s svere hi-ir, carried on by
" in I i v I duals and certain vci.-ties of L.indi-n,
"iti c rrr.i'on.l'Tiee uitii s-eieties in diff'-rent
" part- "f ih" country 0 directed to
'the objct of an-nihln;r a pretended general
" t.vf!.ti"ii of the p"' pie. in contempt and
" 4b-tlar.ee "t tli' aTi'iiitv of r.irli i'n-n'; and
' asit'iig the 1 1 -.use r- tik" the pr.-p.'r step? f .r
" the pre.-.erva'iori of the .safety of the nation. '
Tie' address v;i. taken into e-xisideration
nd a ."?' cuwmh'e, 1 d by Mr. Pitt, and
cm! ;r:.. in the first talent of the House and
the li:.:!i'-t elnuv.eter of t!: nati m , was ap
P'.iii'i' l t. invctiafe the matter and institute
th.e i.-!n Thi- C'-nniriittce immediately
coinm.': 'i it 4 lab'Hts, and if dicovred that
there exi.-h-d iWu S.cie-. -otic for "C-HlstitU"
ti 'iia! I;.f...:nari..n to-; otieT the "Imdon
J. .rr-sp. 'i !!.ii;g S !'!. ty" that th'ir object was
t p-i!iiis!i : i -iiut e.ii'.i'in of Paine's '-Rilits
ofMri,"aini diss.-m'.na'e it; that they lrid
Tnfi.1 an appriivito:y address to .he Jai'o;
bins, at Paris; ihaf th"y iutitute-l complaints
of their owt: government, and among other
thin that they pissed the following resolu
tions :
lt. " That the law ceases to be an objest of
" (be lience whenever it tit-comes an instrument
f t. f' . iriT-i-oi i.n
2nd. "That we see with regret, but we see
' without fear, that theperio ; is fast nppro.-ch-ing
when the liberties of l'.ritons muft depend
" not on r ason to which they have loug ap
pealed ; but on their firm and undaunted
resolution.
"That two delegates he appointed to a gwrnl
11 Cmv 'niton in C linhurg. And these delegates
' were instructed to assist in bringing forward
"and supp iting constitutional meatrt f:r pro
" curing a real rep--soritation of the Commons
' ff Midland in Pai liament."
Ttie London S--ciety set f -rth an address
eniiiiu -ratiin; the grievances they sutiered from
the itiveriunent The usurped power of the
judges " " Jhe in-ide.piaey of the habeas corpus
' "The transportation of virtuous men to
Hot any lay." . .
And then tney further " Resolve, that during
" thf ensuing se-sion of Parliament, the Gem-ral
' Committee of the !Soeit ty nu et thiily, for the
"purpi.fe of fvatchinj the pr'fi'f'.lm'i of 1'arl'tt
" rt nt ; and the administration of the Govcrn-
metit : and upon the first intro
' Unction of any bill tor suspending the habeas
" enr'-us act: or for preventing the people from
"in-'M'mg- in Societies, the delegates shall forth
" with cafl a general Convention to take .such
" ir.crures into consideration."
Then came a dinner nt the Committee rooms (for
the stomach also was one of the aggrieved mem
bers) nnd citizen Gerrold concluded a speech,
wishing "We mijrhtrathyr die the last of Pritish
freemen, thru live the first of slaves." And in
that time there wa3 a certain T. Hardy, (sup
posed to be an ancestor of our old friend Uf.
Leach,).who wrote communications for the press,
n! in one of these he said : "I am directod
by the London Corresponding Society to trans
mit the following resolutions: "The Society
'conceives that the moment is arrived, when
"a full and explicit declaration, from all
"the friends of freedom should be made
" w hether they coLcur with us in seeing the
" necessity of a spcedj Convention for the pur
' pose uf obtaining, in a constitutional and
" legal method, a rtd;es of those grievances
" under which we at present labor; "and ac
companied with
Resolution 3d " That it is the decided
"rpiniunof tlii-s Society, that to secure our
"sdves from future illegal and scandalous
" prnrt'cr-tiVii:?, and .to recall those wise and
" wboh?suti-e laws that have been wrested
' from us 0 - 0 there ought to be imrao
' diately a Conventual of the people." 0 a
. And then Mr. Hardy wrote another com
numicatW, addressed toCitizeiis : The crit
" ical moment Is arrived, and Britons must
. 4i either assert with zeal and firmness their
'chums to liberty, or yield wifl.out resistance
"to the chains that ministerial usurpation
" is forging for them. 000 Rouse, then,
" to action. 0 0 0 Let us form another
Hritbh Convention. 0 0 0
" V; remain v. urs in civil affection,
"T. Hakdy, Se: ry.
1 Then there was yet antther communica
tion from Mr. Hardy, (who-seems to have a
diarrhrci of the pen, just like our old friend
Dr. Leach,) setting forth : " That the friemls
"of icform are the friends of peace 0 0 0
" but they will not.be alarmed by threats.
" They wil, pursue tne cu"se they have le
'gan, turning neither to the right hand nor
to the left."
Then follows another meeting and other
resolutions:
' R solved, That this Socity have beheld"
" with rising indignation, the late rapid ad
vances of despotism n Britain.
"That any attempt to violate those yet
" remaining laws which were intended for the
" security of Englishmen, against the tyrirfrty
"f Courts, 0 0 0 ought to he considerefl as
" dissolving the social compact Detwecn the
' English nation and their Governors. 000
"That the thanks of this meeting be giv
"fn to Earl Stanhope, for his manly .and
" patri-tic. conducts during the present ses
"s'.m." z
This is a faithful transcript from the Par
liamentary History of England. The points
of analog) between the movement there and
here, are many and striking. England was
then at A-ar so re we. Malcontents not in
the army abounded then as now. fhev at
tacked the CJovernment as these do; de
nouncing it as a desp.-t, and tyrant. They
had a central organ at Edinburg, with whole
st iin'.rs of correspondents, just as ice see in a
late Slandard. That organ invoked meetings
tit" th people, and they were held, tixm'a-,
now - and tl eir r solutions - wore com bed in
the name arifal sense, but iutending the same
n.i.'- hicvous , purpose, then as now. They
called for a Convention to supercede Parlia
ment arid take affairs into their own hands,
then as now.
What became of them the levlers and
their movement ?
We shall tell that to-morrow ; but in ordr
to do so, we must turn trom the Parliamentary
History to the criniiual trial.sof England.
The Habeas CorpiM-Contlnued.
The Committee who made examination of the
Resolutions wc have heretofore quoted, of the
meetings of the "Constitutional Information,"
and the " London Corresponding Society, " and
the dinner sentiments, and the communications
of citizen Hardy if they were now alive and
were set dowu blind-fold in Raleigh, and the
Stand lrd were rjjad over to them, would think
themselves back in London in the date of 17f4.
All the same harsh denunciations of the Govern
ment, the same awful threats, the satne shrewd
disguise, even the same taking of the " cue, "
wherein the provincial resolutions adapt their
language to the metropolitan programme. In
citizea Gerrold's "stream of inspiring elo
quence. " they would readily recognize cur pie
thoric declaimer, Hon. K. P. Dick. In T.
Hardy. Esq.,he hero of "critical movements
and immediate action, " they would discover the
photngrnph of our old and successful competitor
Dr. Leach : the same innocent leakage, lhat the
more artful did not intend. The resemblance
betweeu the two eras, their nctors and pur
suits, arc identical dowu even' to the tying
themselves on to Ivirl j?tanhope, just as these tie
thtmseres to Gov. Vance.
Well, what tweame of the movement and the
agitators in 17'.' 1! Vhy. on the lGth of May,
in threedays, the Committee made report to this
effect;
" Your Committee concede, that the measures
" which have been stated are directed to the
"object of assembling a meeting which under
the name of Convention, may take upon itself
" the character of a general representative of
" the people. However at different periods the
" term of p-aiTuunent iry reform may have been
"employed, it is obvious that the present view
" of these Societies is-not intended to be prose-
cuted hy any application to Parliament, but
44 on the contrary by an open attempt to super
44 cede the lb-use of Commons."
The Committee were not deceived in 1704,
and no more is our Government in these days,
although the present agitators cloak their de-.
signsmder almost the precise language of their
predecessors.
Cm the same day. Mr.. Pitt presented his Bill
for the suspension of the llaheus Corpus. He
calhd the attention of the House to the Societies
and their varied places of operation, now un
disguised, audacious hostility now, putting on
the mask of uttachmeut to the State and coun
tryone day provoking the hand of justice ; the
next'putting on the garb of reform and affecting
real for the preservation of the Constitution
oulif G-nce, 44 a sincere confession that not to
"parliament, not to the executive power were
44 they to look for redress, but to the Convention
44 which tbey proposed to erect. Happily (said
"the Prime Minister of England) for this
country and the world, they had prematurely
"thought the period at hand, and thrown off
44 the mask just when the bulk of tno nation
"were uniting with the Government.".
If this the greatest of England's Premiers'
were here to-day, he could not more accurately
describe the agitators ; tho same artful guise
the same unguarded discoveries the same
plan the same causes of discontent, and the
tame inevitable end; the dissolution of Govern
ment. "Then" (said Mr. Pitt,) "it is usual in
44 time of danger to suspend the habeas Corjms
'laws: As thosa were made for tho prcser
44 vr.tton of the Constitution 'n one hand, so
" on the other they could not exist if the
" Constitution was gone. It is suspended
44 when the Constitution, and liberty of the
44 Ci un try arc most peculiarly guarded." Af
ter some clatter by the few about freedom ot
speech and press, the bill passed by a vote
of 14r yeas, tu 2S nays. It went totheL'rds
and passed there by 92 jtas tu 7 nays; and
thus authority vas given to the King U
secure and detain persons suspected o.f con
ppiring agaiust the Government. The good
and worthy of the citiaens of England sus
tained the Parliament", the ministry was up
held, and order, quiet, public security awl har
mony of action were established, and the Gov
ernment was left to prosecute the war, free
from the embarrassing opposition of malcon
tents who, themselves, taking no useful part
in it, were constantly arraying animosities
against the Executive and Legislative depart
ments, a&d thus aiding tho cause of the ene
my. But what became of the agitators? We
lay down Sthe 44 Parliamentary History," to
find the record of their future -action in the
Criminal Calendar of the country. We will
remember that among the causes of com
i.lut, with the worthies of.tbe two' Societies
aVCouyentioa agitators; wh jse proceedings we
have noticed, was " the transporting of vir
tuous citizens to Botany Bay."
On turning iu the criminal trials before
the High Gmrt of Justiciaiy at Edinburg, in
March 174, we eneounteT among the de
fendants or rather panels, as they are called
in Scotland the name of or.e Joseph Gerrold.
v e are siriu-K with the name, having been
heretofore struck with he " stream of in
spiring eloqueuce." of one citizen Gerrold,
poured out under a stomachic stimulant at
n anniversary dinner of the " London Corre3
)onding Society." Ou enquiry, we ascer
tain the two to be one--and we are now the
more struck at the nuifet change in our
worthy citizen. At the dinner--he was
Citizen Gerrold "big with god dinner
and preferring 44 rather to die the last of
freemen, than live the first of slaves."
(IJy the bye, not a bad idea in a well fed man
of preferring to die the last ")
Now he i h Panel Gerrold answering to
the name of Joseph : and the first thing he
shjs before the Court is : 44 My Lords, I
am totally ignorant of ihe laws of this coun
try. o o 1 applied to several
gentlemen of the profession to advocate my
cause ; they unanimously refused." 0 0
The Lord Justice clerk replied That his
application was rather late, but he m'ould as
sign him counsel. The accusation against
the panel was of sedition in the assisting
to assemble an illegal association under the
designation of a 44 General C lention of the
friends of the people.'" That he had been
present at a meeting as- chairman, at which
a resolution was passed, which
'Resolved, That on the firt notice given of
any bill in Parliament for the suspension of
the "habeas corpus" act the
different delegates shall repair to such place
as the secret Committee of this Convention
shall appoint, and the first seven members tshal
declare the sittings permaneut, andtwent t
one shall tustitute a Convention and proceed
to business."
Oo these and ri.nilar charges he was tried
and on his trial was defended very ably by a
young advocate by the name of Gilliers, who
introduced into hisspeecn (as young advocates
metimes will, poetry which applies the wrong
way,) this quotation from Macbeth :
"O! fare thee well- those evils thou repeat'et,
upon thyself,
44 II ve ba"nihed me from Scotland."
Thcpanel also defended himself, but. with
out avail. He w,a found guilty of the crime
li bulled, and sentenced to transportation fr
fourteen years, thus adding another to the vir
tuous members of Botany Bay.
Pursuing our investigations in . the year
'94, we come to a special commissi. n of Oyer
and Terminer at Ihe Session House, Old Bai
ley, in the city of London. Present, Lord
Chief Justice E re. Our attention is a! tra t -ed
hy the calo( "Thomas Jlardy.'' Yc had
known a certain T. Hardy, Sec'yj '' the
writer of communications to the ' Edinburg
-Gazeteer," (a standard newspaper of that .lav,
but this T. Hardy that we had known was a
sort of prototype of otir old fiiend and sue. ess -J.
ful competitor. Dr. L' acl . Ih lued to write
of the "erilical moments" that "now wasthe
time to act" that tht '-Hessians were iu ti e
land." In other wrds, that T. Hardy, like
our old friend Dr. Leach, was, a "haky ves
sel" a "broken cistern that would hob! no
water."
.Strange to say, this Hardy is the identicai
T. but no longer " T. Hardy, Sec'y '' n
lunger "citizen Hardy'' but Thomas Hardy,
prisoner in the dock of the Session House, an
swering to the charge ol high treason. Th.e
basis of a charge- was these 0 n.uiuiiie,itioi s
which we have noticed ; ihe indictment ran
th.it "he did traitorously wiiteand publitdi let
ters, ii.s' ructions, resolutions, to move and se
duce ihe subjects of I't.e Kinj; to lepu'e and
send, and cause to be chosen, Jeputed and
sent, delegates to compose a Convention, with
intent and :n older to subvert tl e legislative
rule and government." 00a
He was defended by the mst eminent
of English Advocates, jSIr. Erskine, and
thftnigh his powerful agency he was ac
quitted of treason and justice having
been satisfied on moie piomincnt crim
iriiils, the prisoner, Tiouiis Hardy, the
leaky prototype rrf 4iur jtl c mpctitor Dr.
Leach, escaptd. But we never hear of
him afterwards in the w..ri l of letters, and
presume he returned to met ding .Ies, for he
was a shoe-maker. Trie " E linburg Gazet
tecr.'" was the title of a newspaper published
iu 1794 at Edinburg, and edited by one Alex
ander Scott. There were,. ne or two other
papers, sorts of common srs for the viler
kind of trash, emanating m the iguoole and
V . . .
irespoiisible members ot the a. rating societie;
but the Gazetteer was the standard of au.
thoiity with the seditious and ill-dispsed.
Its editor Alexander Sett, had been a politi
cian of all par;i-s, but had finally settled
down among the band of seditious agitators
and become its organ.. This Alexander S -ott
was libelled (7 r .-edition, and his office seized,
and ample proofs found for his couviction, and
he was convicted by the Lords Commissioners
but when the court came to pronounce sen
tence, Alexarder Scott, the organ, had aban
doned his comrades, citizens Gerrold, Shirving,
Palmer and others, aud Wing 44 called in
court, and three times, at the door nt the court
house, he forfeited his recognizance and failed
to appear, and being enquired of at his own
house, it was found that he did not lodge there.
44 And thereupon he-was adjudged to be au
" outlaw and fugitive from his Majesty's laws,
and they ordained him tole put to hithitessess
" Aori, and all his movable goods and gear to be
' 44 e.-cbeat and imbrought to his Majesty's use
44 for his contempt and disobedience in not ap
44 pearing this day and place, in the hour of the
" cause, to have uaderlyu the law for the crime
44 ot sedition." 0
We do not hear any more of Alexander
Scott, tke editor of the Gazetteer. He deserted
his companions, escaped under coves of pight,
was outlawed, was supposed to have gone over
U the enemy in France, where it is conjectured
he perished miserably meeting the common
fate of those who desert their country.
We have shown now the agitation iu Eng
land in 1794, and the results tothe country
of the suspension of the habeas corpus, and the
punishment of the Agitators. We have not
noticed the progress of the lesser and unim
portant characters through the agitation of
1791. We presume that they were not crim .
mdly prosecuted, (perhaps some of them
turned State's evideuee) and were simply
enrOied into the service and made tu fight iif
the army.
On Monday we propose to tajce up -the
habeas corpus" as understood in the old
Unitel States, and now in th Confederacy
. The Habeas Corpus t'onclndcd.
We have finished our compilation frcm Eng
lish History, of the circumstances under which
the Habeas Corpwaet was temporarily suspend
ed by the Parliament in 1794. We have re
ferred to h'. story also for the accuracy of our
statement, that it had previously undergone t
like suspension and so it has since. From the
tone of the debate at the period referred to, it
is readily perceived how strong was the dis
inclination to difturb the act. and how high the
reverence towards this " Writ of Liberty.'
But by a large majority of the ablest and purest
men of England, men above the sordid motives
of fear and favor, such men as William Pitt,
Edmund Burke and Lord Thorlow the guar
dians of Constitutional Jaw it was thought that
he circumstances we have detailed, whe.e mis
guided meti, aiming at injurious purpose, were
formiitg themselves iato Conventions, to take
Government into their own hands, were a
sufficient occasiou to interpose a suspension of
the Habeas Corpus, for tho public safety.
W, the people of America, formerly the
people of the United States, and before that,
Colonists of Great Britain, bad imbibed the
ideas of our fathers upon the inestimable virtue
of this sacred writ of right. Vei when we came
to contend with the mother country for in
dependence, and war succeeded,, we. the old
Federal Congress, abandoned all claim in behalf
of the citizeu to General Washington's uncon
trolled power, relying upon the discretion of
this great Commander-in-Chief to guard in
dividual freedom, when not incompatible with
the public safety. The resolutions of the Con
tinental Congress of December 2 Hh, .1776
44 constituted him in all rcspcts, a dictator ac
cording to the Roman sense of thar term."
They vested him with the powt-r to create an
army, 10 appoint its officers, " to take wherever
"he may be whatever he may want, for the use
" of the army, if the inhabitants will not s'ell it ;
dluwing a reasonable price for the sanV- to
arrest, and confine p rsoiis who refuse to take
' the Continental Currency, or are otherwise
' disaffected to the American cause, and to re
"turu to tho States cf w iden they arc citizens,
' their names, and the nature rf their offences
" together with the witnesses to prove them.'
Robt. Morris, Clymcr aud Walton, the Com
mittee who transmitted the proceedings, con
gratulated the country that the most unlimited
power was thus safely entiu-ted. Suppose now
thfit in those days newspaper editors, politicians
nnd people had set to work to abuse the Govern
ment to publish it as a despot and tyrant to
be resisted by negotiations with the ei.t-my,
irrespective of it suppose they had held, met t
iugs, arid stimulated agitation denouncing the
war, nnd rendering the siddftr discontented and
unhappy suppose here in Jvortb Caroliun tbey
had done, these things, what would Gen Wash
ington have done? They did do things like
these here in North Carolina nnd in that day
men disaffected towards ti e Government were
called Toeiks, and Military biw dealt with them
whenever it. was stiong enough to seize them.
God forbid that history fhould be obliged to
re-enact this hcenc in our struggle.
When the Union was fi rmed atd the Con
t i 1 11 1 on 4f ihe Uiiit4l Stales was ad. itd.
all the attainment (f our peop'e t the
ancient wiit of " hi. bras .corpus" recurred,
and its suspension was stringc ntly restricted
uiilews w 1 e 11 in sifafs oT iijvj ii 11 4 rrtbt li
nn, tlu public af ty nay n quire it." We
aie not avt'ie tt at at y cfe'of its suspen
sion occurred after ti c adoption of thej'on
Mitntion. The two inff.nei -lions which prt
cedd Huir's coi spiiacy were asily contioll
ed, and tie nu-pei sioii whs not necessary.
On the occasion tf the -corn-piracy .f Ann 1,,
liui r, ah h ugh Mr. Jiflemm 'did not recom
11 1 nd it. "a bill to h ej 1 i.d ti e lalnts corpus
p s.-ril tlr 'n ate, 1 nt wjs r jet ted in t lull-
use, 4111 the ground that the leading corrspi
raiors had ban arrested, and they were lew
in numbtr, and 1 eceity iid not n quire it.
'Ihe escape tf Aann Purr, who was un
doubtedly guilty, order legal technicalities,
was the result of ti e aition rf the House of
lb prt s n'athes. Then ihne was peace, and
tin- power of the nation was unemployed.
We have ti ns given a historical rummary
of ti e action in Er dai d and the United
Statii i.j r-n tl is.wittl habeas corpus, in
this c unity, no o i diti n of things undi r
the old Government ever occuned like those
which now ixist. We claim to hold in as
teej ci eration ibis privihgeof the wtit of
halfcas corpus, as man can hold a great jrero
jative of the st vcr'iigu. for ihe benefit 1 f the
citiz n ami a sacred right of the individual
f..r the good of the community. It ought not
to be .--usjiendcd for a moment except as the
Constitution allow it: " when there is inva
sion or rrbtdiit n and, the public safety may
require it."
On one point the provision of the Cor.stih -0
tun i ccrtaii.ly met. Our country is m
merely invaded, but invaded with the fell
purpose to sugjugate and destroy a purpose
jut into execution by. thenost barbanars in
humanities our own slaves having Leen
armed as instruments for our destruction,
This invasion is sr-pjiorted by a foreign na
tion of twenty odd million of inhabitants
who occupy a territory of vast resource.
whose naval force blockades our poitsand be
sieges our towns, while its - armies d solafe
our frontier and drive our people tin aimed
and puwerU-ss, cxihs from tl.eir he mts.
The simjile question then being thus in
v ailed doe the public safety require the ens-,
pension of the privilege of the habeas corpus '.'
On this point, we are inclined to dehr our
opiDon to that of the Government. We can
not possibly know how urgent the necessity
may be in some places for the" suspension of
this privilege of which the President - and
Congress may be informed-. We haveren
that Gen. Magruder has been obliged to ar
rest persons of bis, own motion, and send
them out of the country; and the proof of
their tieasonable pryice justified his action
but a Jess ardent and bold officer would not
have assumed the responsibilityand the pub
lic safety Tnight have been greatly imperilled
It may be necessary that this writ should be
suspended in the Trans-Musisdppi Depart
ment, or on the frontier of .Mississippi State,
or in Florida, or in North Alabama--'in all
which it is well known the enusaries of Lin
I coin are endeavoring, unrjer the one-tenth j
feature of .'u late pro'sl'arcatfon', V secure
t States in the Union to get t'iehr etecloraP
votes for his own re-e!cctiof. Tbe Fres-dent
cannot communicate Ids iii forms ticn to-She
public, and the bet and wisest course is W
trust 'the discretion of our r alert. It is a
drunkerf or crazy crew that would disable
the beliman in tbe height of the storm.
We shall not. instruct tbe Congress nnd
Government, but shall acquiesce in what they
do. From what we have beard, we presume
a general suspension of tbe writ is not intend
ed but only to authorize tbe President to sus
pend it in certain localities for a stated lime.
One thing we see very plainly, if it is suspend
ed, the responsibility of it can beclearly fixed.
It is known that Principals of Substitutes
intend'to contest the constitutionality oT the
law by wldch they are required to do military
service. Itis further known that the army
must be filled up. Now if any Judge or Judges
have inspired a public distrust by striking
"licks at thv Government," and helping the
escape of nicn who are liable; by summoning
ofiicers from th4r duties to remote points
when other Judges were nearer; by attaching
others for c n tempt, when plainly nocontvuipt
was intended then that Judge induces
the suspension of the habeas corpus in that
State, and is responsible 10 the people for the
rnconveuience. If any Legislature refuses-to
allow the Governor to call a court, so as to get
its decision of vexed questions, so as to settle
the'law and bind individual Judges, it leaves
these questions open to conflicting opinions
and thereby necessitates the suspension of the
habeas corpus, and it is resjonsible. If any
Editor stigmatizes the Government is a des
potism, and invites tlie people to stigmatize it
in public meetings, and theydoso, and threat
en separate State action by negotiating v. ith
the enemy, r other pulawful act if these
meetings denounce the war as unholy, unjus
tifiable, disapproved of God and any Editor
publishes these prc;dings and adds thereto
the threat that his State will "take her affairs
into her own hands will asert her sovereign
ty will tumble down the arch" will not sub
init -to this law" of Congress nor that--nf.it
stimulates a call fr a Convention, to carry
these threa'R into execution and sends al
ibis ii ct-i diary n att.ir to the awny that j.a
per disquiets the publicniml of our leadars
of the Government of our h-l!ow-citizns iu
other States of the loyal in ourow.j State
and if the h ibcas corpus be suspended, tint
Editor and those who figure in such ineetir
may be sure they will be regarded as respon
sible. We have done witli. the question. What
ever Congres may do, we hope ami believe ir
wiil iIimmi fu.l in estimation. V- hava noma-etidvi-.ee
t" a hum in beifii. Etc pt one in.m,
there is n-ntiz n of N rtli v."ar l-.a we woi.l l
rot rather brrnfit thanj- jure. If w- c -uld i
instrumental iu biiugi to one mind our (lis
traded and divided ellow-citizons. ami induce
a'l to m ve on if thf o-ily u!i to. safely, w
should hate fulfilled the laiue ol our oo; li c.
ar.d should be Content.
Mr. ltcado, A sain.
The lt Standard say The labored ttck
of the Confederate on Mr Senator Read'', wili
glanro inuoe.noui from the scurrly msilcd re
putat n of th'it gentleman." Our criticism of
Mr. Knde' nech rs not nn attack." At
tucks are r-t:i- in the line of ihe Jtai-l-ird is
by that means it kids and makes hve " i-r
Xitmple: On tbe 'l-'rA of July t5', it ?aid of
this same Mr K. G. Heade 44 We learn that
Mr. Rogers is reading letter from "Mr. E. G.
Kcade." 44 Mr. lleade is a smart man
in a small way." This oily a id
unscrupulous demagogue may flourish f.r a
earon; but the day of retribution will surely
enmc." Again, on tbe 80th of July, it Said in
reference to the lirooks and Sumner matter:
"So if Mr. Urooks had told Mr. Reade of hi.
' intention, he would have sneaked to Mr. Sum
4ner and ifortnel him of the fct. His vote
.-hows that he would have done so. Mr. Read..
joins bands with these men, and aids them, in
'this blow thus aimed at a sister Southern
V State. He evinces his 'ypipathirs by his
44 vote; and his sympathies show that his heart
is not hi the right pla'ct. He has wisrvpre
4 sented a large mijority of his constituent,
4 and disgraced himself. He stands exposed by
4 his own deliberate net, ti the scorn and c-m-tempt
of all honorable men."
Raleigh Standard, July 23 and 30M, lo.
So Mr. R-Mde n a sneak an oily demagogue
a sympathiser of Sunnier a disgraced man, ez
posed to the storn and contempt of all honorable
men: his voice will scarce be anywhere re
spected." We never expect to make such o ottack as
this on Mr. Reado. M'e recognise -him a.-a
high-toned gentleman, a christian, and au up
right member of society a misguided, jre
juiiccl aul ibingtrous jolitician. 1 1 is w'rst
peril being of t close aMociatibn (politically)
with the Standnr-1.
But which is to be believed the ' Standard
tht.i or now? V.'liy neither. Thu abuse was
ouly " for party purposes " so is the praise
Cease file bites you."
,' Our friend, R v. T. 11. Pritohard, has bren
editcriahaing in the Biblical Recorder, a locum
ienus, for the past week. He shows himself
as efficient with the quill as he is well known
to be in the pulpit. He is a martyr to the
Lincoln despotism, having beeu banished
from Baltimore because he was true to the
South, his native home and the land of his
fathers. We would thajk. the dynasty f r
expatriating a few more of the :ne Sjrt
li will be scrn by tho Telegraphic news, that,
the Yankees arc about making another de
nionstration uuon Richmond Wo understand
there is SrVeport in tHs city, that advices have
been received that a large number of 'trans
ports had made their appearance in James
1 i ver. We have no such ad v ices, as we should
doublless have, if there was any truth in it.
The tCport, we presume, originated in the
statement found in our telegram, that a large
number of transports were in York river.
There is a rumor in the city, that the en
emy Jbas been heavily reinforced at Washing
ton and Newbern ; but it is not credited. It
is reported that a courier from Butler had
been intercepted with despatches to the Yan
kee commander in that department, that he
could only send one" regiment in response to his
application forweinforcemcuts.
Address or the President to the Army.
ADJ'T AND IKSP'R GEN OFFICE
Richmond, Va., Feb. 10, 1864.
GlXERAL OkDKUS, )
No. 10,
The following address of fbe Presilent is
publisher! for the information of the arirty.
" By o? for :
(Signed S. COOPER,
AcFt and Inspector General.
Soldiers of the Armies Me Confederate
States! .
Id the loug and bloody war ia which your
country is engaged, you have achieved many
noble triumphs. You have Wo-o glorious vic
tories over vastly mire nuinexjptrs hosts.
You have cheerfully borne privations and toil
to which you were unused. You have r adi
ly submitted to restraints upon you? individ
ual will, that the citizen might better per
form his 'duty to the State as a soldier. To
ali these you have lately added another tri
umph, the nob'est of human conquests a
victory over yoursel re4!.
As the time drew near when you who first
entered the svrvice might well have been ex
pected t6 claim relief from your arduous la
bors and restoration to tl 49 endearments of
home, yo bsve heeded only the call of vour
Biitfering country. Agaiu you come to tender
your serviers lor tbe public do ence a free
offering which only such lat riot ism as yours
could make a triumph worthy of you aud of
the cause to which you are devoted.
I would in vaiii attempt adequately to ex
press the emotions with which 1 received the
testimouials of confidence and regard which
you hvi recently addressed tome. To -some
of thiiae first received, separate acknowledg
ments were returned. Rut it is now apparent
that a like geueious enthusiasm -prevades the
whole army, and that the only exception to
such magnanimous tender will be of those
who, having originally entered for the war,
cannot display anew their zeal iu the public
service. It is, therefore, deemed appr "priate,
and, it is Imped, will be equally acccpiah'e, to
make a oeneial acknowledgment, iniend of
successive special rekponsei. Would that it
were possible to reutb-r my thanks to you in
pels.. 11, and in the name of i.Hrc immon coun
try, as well as in my own, whil pressing t tie
hami of each war-worn veteran, to recognise
his titlr to our love, gratitude and admiration
S'-h!i;ra ! Ry your will (for )ou aud the people
are but ou ) I iave been placet! in a p oii
whudi debars me from, .hiring your tU.ra
your Mill'erii g aud yur privations in the fiM,
With ptn.iiid atl-itioti my hc-vrt has accon.
panied yu in evt-ry march; with solici iili- it
has sought to miniatir to'youreytry wait;
with exultation i has marked y ur every heroic
achit Vrtuent. Yet, never in t:ie U ilnorae
march nor in the w. ary watch, nor 111 Ihe
dc.eperate assault, have you rendered a RervLe
so decisive in results as in this last dip ay ol
"the highest qualities of devotion i.il stlf-
nacritice v-hichcan adorn the charact-r of the
warrior-patriot.
Already th" pulse of W e wh-l pe-'pln bai
in unison vi'hyotir. A ready they couipan
y. ur spoiktaneons and unanimous otiT of your
lives, for tried- fence ol yur e.-untry, witti ihe
halting and reluctant sendee of the nnrc-t4a-rivn
"wh are purcha. il by the er rmy ai th
p:ic-c.'f hii.er bountie than have hitherto
been known in war. Aon. t-d by I'i c i;
trasl, tbey exmbit ch-erful ' OM-fitb-'.'.ce ai .
more refv-lute laill-.g. Fvt-(.. the mur nr- 1
the weak ami timid, who shrii.k lr. 111 ihe i
als width make r nger and firmer your 110
lle natures, areOsbam d into silence by ihu
spectacle which yi-u present. Y ur brave bt-tle-try
will ring hulid char through the
ami of the enemy, as w-II :i otir t.wn ; wi-M
1 1 let re the VHin-gh.ri.u.- U.astings f their Cor
rupt pavtizans aud ilveir penso .in.il pr-ss ; and
wiil do justice to tljccabunny by which they
si-ek to persuacle a tlelaiietl po"ph that votl are
r-adv u pnri:!iae disli' ti-'rahie safety by dr-gra-lirit;
Mibinwaiou.
S'!iJ:t-r! The eoininc: pin-; campaign
ill ..pn 111 drr au.-p'ces w O calriilatid to
.-11 lac y.iiir Im-jk-s. Y'ur reitn'iri.-n iMoihil
ii (ho to fortltv it. Wi b rank rrplcoih-
r.l -iter the inlluence d V'Hir rxao ple, ami
b tin aid o4 your lepre.-outa'jvs, who
earnest of .their purpose to adilby 1 -isla-i in
largely to your streii,4tl, you n.ay welcome
the invader with a toulidetice jtisllti-d by ih
memory of past vii tori. . O.i the t.tlier
h tin), debt, taxation, rciretiti'.n '
drafts, d ss -nsions, orcasicned by the strife
for power, by the niultoi toe rpv.ila ol orace,
ij the tnirat f-r the pluodttr of Ih'' p.io.ic
tr .ksun, .11 !, a'-ovr all, the coiisciUiue.-8 o
ladcuu-V mU-t tell with fiarfui f.wu upon
ihe ovcr-s rair.nl em rjrie- of th-i enemy. His
cmiipsign in lt04 inns', t'r.i:,i. th x aii.ti .1.
. t h les. nr'-e txMli in nin ami ui.'iiey. o
far b ss formidable than those ol the hstrw
wars wieu wnimpair'il meann were u.ed
with boundless proiiaU'y, and with result
wt i h are sujesteit by tne rnf.ii'.. n of the
gl. ii us mt mad f Shie h and Perry vile, aid
M'lifirrsboro -d Cmckatna g and t
Chit kahomioy, and Moassan, nuii Fr ihr"tcU-
burg ai d Cbaucellorvil!e. ,
Soldiers ! Assured success awaits us in our
holy struggle for 111 erty and independence, and
for the iire.iervntion of all that rentiers rfe le-
sir.it.lr to honorable men. When that aucces
shall. lie reached, to yon, your country's nope
and j ride, under Divine Providence, will it bi
Cue. The fruits of that success will not te reap
ed by you alone, hot your "children and your
children! children in lung generations to come.
will enj'.y blessings derived from you that will
prixrve your memory tver litir.g in the'y
ueari.
Citinn-defenders of the hrraes, the liberties
nnd the allnrs of the Confederacy ! Thst the
God whom we all humblv worship may shield
you with his Fatherly care, and preserve you
for safe return to the peaceful enjoyment of your
friends aud the association of those yon most
love, is the earnest prayer of your Cotntnardtr
in-Chief.
JEFFERSON DAVIS.
liiehrtond, 0th Feb.,T8i4.
Fai,s?s Ink -km MloN. The Richmond Dis,
patih My, that the Yankees engaged in the
late rid were tntslvd by the information of
r-fuj-eee, that there was no obstacle to a swoop
upon tho city. Wc advise the Yankees not
to beli.-ve all they hear. K one in this
city, axirpt the head of the Government, and
his confidential officer, know anything of our
military preparations worth knowing. The
Government knows how to keep it own
secrets. Ye only wish the Yaukecj had
pgshd their late entvrpiue a little further.
Patriotic and BtNKvoi.ssT Aoti'.Ksc.-.
We call attention to the notice in this paper
of Addresses to be delivered iu this ity ou the
evening of tho 15th aud loth in'tmit, tor the
benefit of the sick and wounded tolditrs in the
llospi als of this State. The ability uf the
Speaker and the objects of the lectures cannot
fail to call forth large and appreciative audi
ences. Dr. Lacy will le SJntbusiastically re
ceived, on hi3 mission of love.by the people cf
this corrjrr.ur.ity, of which t e was long a cher
ished and eful mrrober.
A correspondent of the Richmond Senti
nel, writing frim Snow Uill, says "the pub
l.c meeting he'd, here the other day must not
oe taken as the sentiment of fbe good people
of Greene) county. A few noisy ptrsyiia are
hiakiag tbe disturbance." ' ,
This is a bard fortune ! as tho counterfeiter
aid when he found himself cutting stone in
5fce State prison.
TELEGRAPHIC
REPORTS OF TUB PRKS3 ASSOCIATION
.1 ..,a;n , t .rt r CowsrreMla mm ?r
... a
18, by J. S. .a..., f J2re.rtV8uS
f the District Oowrt f the Coofedrate Btie
for the Nortbera District ol ueorii-
Coafrdcrate 8tte Couxrwi.
Kicwe Fib. 1J.
. ThcftoaMeom-ittee appelated sew tks Hrri
f Ike .ewion, to inrestig.ta. the alleged f.Uare !
furBuh Q adequate supHl f faod U
prisoners, made a report this mcrniac. they
aavecxaoilaeaa laige aamber of wiUes sod
accamulstcw a saauof tcstimoay, sbowinf thst
though a considerable portioa of the piiaot -
bav not receivijd fall aad regular allowaaee C
neat, and eotae days received none, yet on atl
soeb occaeioni bread aaa Testable ratiaaa
increased or donWed ; anw the charge taat prie.i -,rs
were starved or .uf.re Ur food, U atterly
antrwe, and it fully appears that tkey have alwaj
fared as well and anmetinaes Wtter than our c.w a
soldier in the field j and lor wbatevar ral.are
there may have been to furaWi fall allows- f
meat to pawners, tbe Yankee arsty, by whole-
pilUge and destractioa of property af 8oatl.era
people, were more responstbte than any aeglcct -a
iff yrl ot any one changed ;l b keeping and
snbaiting prisoner.
It it undertfood that ibere is eiaslderabU cim
eulty ia adjuntfng tbe differenee betweasi the
Senate and House on the Military bffl .
agreement being on exemption, hot ncuire
bave been in secret seasioa most of tbe day aud
both meet to-idght.
RicaaoRD, Feb. li.
Sea atb last night passed a bill to issue tbatro
aatioiK to soldiers. Agreed to.
The II. ne bill to allow ofCeer to puiebs
rations aad clolblag front the Government, re
etd. Bill te create the office et enaiga ia
the array, postponed indennitelyi Bill to aboli-h
tke tmce ef third Lieutebaat. Hill to limit th
term .I Cabinet efticert to tw o yyer. Hill to d
eUre ii-n enemie and ionncatthe property i
n.r..t.. . l.n ik nr nM inrfirfbt toir beTOlVll
Jniidicii.n of the Stater, was made tbe specUl
order of to-morrow. Tbe Uouaa last aigLtf
pesett a bill to establish fourth Auditor's Ol1Se t
feilitU the set' Ituaent of di cerditoMirr claim
KicoMw.ip, Fb. 12.
In th.- Senate thin merning, tbe Military Cos
milire letvtrled a bill t retire aruv ofliters: It
provide tLt tbe I'renideut, on reotimmeadaUfV
of lb t'.-neral Commanding Department or Arm;
iaay (lui-hsrge any otQcer frwui iervice who b
no .finabltf command or datys or who is I
ciiictt-iit, inetlicicnt or abaenU-
O.licern tlisabbtl, the PreidJent may reire'oB fo
pay during the war, or aiin tbem to such dnt
a they are abb- to perforin. -Passed, yeas 13
nay 8.
The, Scnut concurred ic IIiue amendmen
to (ienral ftfl bill, and it now awaits rbe Pre
dm' tinatm-e . The Senate adopted a reol
tn miu -sting the I'rrsldt-nt to inform thntbt
whvtht-r iienersl Law ton is nw performing tl
dut'n- 4f (juArte: master General, and bis be
sic tlo- tenth f Aiint last, receiving tbe p
and allowances of Brigadier Ueni rt), and tf e, i
dei wh: t law.
The House pi-i.li tbe bill authorising Attorn
General to have the law of Cengrcss paMiabif
in n -wspaper at such ter a mi a be agre
j-.-ri.
The Military Committee reported favorably
that ptirtion f Senate bill t provide riliciea!
in te Cavalry seivirj. which awthori.e t
Qnaeral Cpiuinanding tlrj a.nif nt to diamoi
and place in tho infantry each rivalry as behaf
badly in th ;fac4 4ftheeoeiny or ate disorder ly;
nnfariirably on that p irtien abolithing' l'artil
Kaners, with a view to brininx in a (substit
not aoiiweeping in character ; but tbe House P
ponrd tho whole bill indefinitely.
Tne I'reni.Unt ti.e vetoed the bill ti eHiblif
Veteran Soldier lloiae. The vet ineasage
b read in the II use in the m.-rniug.
Coi.fTsnre C .m n'ttee are en lavrin toi
nci e ditTrenee b-tween lh S-nateand Hot
en matter under eonsbl-ration in r-eeret !
ct senior
From Gtn, Leet Army
Osittii C. H:, Feb.
All rjuiet in P e front. There are rumors
enemv evacuating Cu peper C. II., but not!
confirm e l.
-Troops are still re-enl'tlngTr the war.
From" IbarlrMoru
CHtkLrsTon, Feb.
The Ineiny h.ve withdrawn their forces
John's Island, ami are reported going off la
ganboats. Th 1 ankei-s on Mortis Island
engaged to-day repairing injurh-s to bat
cansttl by our hclliag. So futtber rh-lliog
From Richmond.
Kiciiioxd, Feb.
It was report-d last night that the Yankee
again con lng np the t'enlnsu'a ; said to be I
vanee troop of Cavalry indicated ia the dirt
of Rarhamville. Vaiieui rej oit received!:
erTect that a jrgc Corce of the enemy were I
bltny near York town. OUie account says fif
transports with troops arrived In York Rlvl
week. Kumor Ra been current here for twf
thatUold had larpely advaac d in New
It is credited from the naual source of relit
formation. f
' 1
Charlentan. I
CaaaLKSToK, Fell
From
Our batteries opened all around on Mo
land f.ir about two hur this morning. Tit
. tiee wns rplcndid. The cannonading ha
nouns in the city, and toe flashing of gtrr
minated the whole harbor. The Yankee f
on Wagner war eut down. Only four she!
been tired since on the city, lletails have;
reached us frou. John Island. It is g
reported that wc have driven the enemV
Island, and that every thing is working we
eatualtie are abo reported very small, J
1 he latest information from Florida e
to bp of an eneonraglng character.
. From KUhmond and the Norj
IllrRHOXO, r
ioi ty-threc of the escaped oOicers b
returned to Libby priton Col. Streigh
captured.
Baltimore papers of -the 8lh rsy Ctf
Tacttiry at Hartford Conn., was destroy
on the 5th. Loss immenae.
A joint resolution relative to coafiec
La passed the Yankee H(ue of Ueprt
ty eight majority.
Humors arc rife of a change in the
the army of the Potomac Hunter a
'both na tned as successor to Meads.
The Judg Admiralty court at Hali
eidedto rectore tbe Chesapeake an
owners.
me AraDia baa arrived st II
European advice to Ihe J4th. Xo pe
in tne a poet ortheSchlesing Holstott
Maximilian will ri.it Paris and ouali
ror of Ah ic4. The Spani. h Govei nrf
point a Minister te Hesico as soon a
ofTieil, cwnfiriuatioa ot the crowning)
Ian.. - m
tiold in Xew Yoik on tbe afternoon;
US. , j
Nothing further from the Pealnsulr
Fr.m Tennessee.
. MonuuTow
Mr. Colonel McClueg, Mr. Boyd
came through too line iioai Knnkri
An election was being hrld for C