r
c
i
:1
v
THE CONFEDERATE.
A. 2t. GfJTttAs X CO., Proprietors.
"TERMS :
DAILY EDIT105, for 6 months flj
. 3 " i
, 1 " - : J
TRl-WSF.KLY, frr C months 10
. 3 o
WKKKLV EDlTIOX.for fi iuonth 5
',nno-cription will b received oi ht other
lrni5 than the above, "or for a longer or shorter
priol.
TO CONFEDERATE;
, ADVfiRTISIla.
. ibVrRTIrfiESrt'lfTR will bo lBserUdjSlTiasB'.
Lifts' per sonars f ten lines (of less) tottwh"
fnsertion. XJarrisre Notices sad cslfaartrt will b
fMl
Vtifcla sortlftsssevts.
a- n
. mm -m w m w w i r nK
JOB WoMT,f every, dcpcrffitina w'm le ea
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1864.
NO. 23.
t'tftr1 at thi. Iffifs with 3irrtcb.e1 as neatlv
as nsdosH. fftywh6ro ii 4e SiffYsV
Ode. 9f. w
WEEK
1
TOE
Mr. Holden's Question."
Tin inorninjr w have u-.thing to do. and
Mr. I!!Jn hu filled last issne with his
tlnn lcroMS imputation, we bioh to cca-y the
tiefan-.Tc long enough to put the matter at rest;
ar. 1 we mea.i to auswrr his-queatiuns for Go.
Vnc; tlronj:hlj an. J issptetfully ; not with
any tain hope that he will do us justice, nor
becauso we suppose for a moment that he ha
any honest moti; bat because we wish to in
form the publie, once for all, that all Mr.
lloldcn'g insinuations ia this Matter, are
slanderous; and that his character may he the
more thoroughly exposed t the public viw.
To the questions :
First Did nit yen (Go. Ya) know
when you appointed Col McRae, that yea al
ready hid a State .Agent in Europe, and that
the Urge expense of Col. McRae's mission
would be unnecessarily inerred ? "
Answer The contract with Mr. Sanders
stipulated for its execution at Halifax, Nova
8,oti, and thero was no intention forCol.
IdcRao to proceed to Europe. "But Major
Sanders (the son of Mr. Geo. N. Panders) was
aptured, hi papers seized, the whole plan ef
operations, so far as Halifax was concerned,
was exposed to the enemy, and it was rendered
impossible to execute it at Halifax ; and the
interest of the State, nndjusticc to Mr. Sanders,
re quired Col. McRae to go on to Europe ; and
tiii-t Mr- il-ldeo knew from the contract,
The nstnncea of the second question Is
" wly df en rot Got. Vance require 0)1. Mc
Iia" to ?eUle j'jeounts with the Auditor ?"
In tliis question thero is much of state
m nt ; and coming from Mr. Holden, much of
trior. It is not tru that Col. McRae was
eve r d tuiitd a an Editor; that any private
comruutte was appointed to settle his ac
counts. Col. Me Ran became an editura few
days bef.re the passage of the law exempting
cditi r-, ir:d is exempted bj virtuo of that
law.
Mr. Rattle and Mr. Rogers were not a com
mit tee to settle Col. McRaA'g accounts; but
tley were Trquestid to arbitrate and deter
mine liir. compensation, an he had become en
titled to additional compensation by reason of
the im position of additional duties, after the
compensation had been fixed by Gen. Martin
( r the original duties. It was necessary to
fix ti e conipcr satiou before the " accounts
could be pent to the AudiW for settlement.
These gentlemen reduced Col. McRae 'a com
pensation below t!ie amount agreed on origi
nally "with Gen. Martin, and ho was unwil
ling to abide their decision; for it wan not
within the scope of the arbitration.
The reRons why Gov. Vance does not re
quire, and Col. McRae dees not submit his
accounts to the Auditor for settlement are
two ; First, Major Weston, the agent whom
.'ol. McRao appointed when he resumed, and
who has disbursed the funds, hus been obliged
to correspond. with the Governor relative to
certain c f the ods which did not com up
io the samples ; it beiuj; his purpose in this
eorrftpondence to protect tho interest of the
State by 'obtaining on these goods a diminu
tion cf price. (Does Mr. Holden object to
this?) lie has also been obliged to settle
with an insurance company, for damage to
some of the goods shipped, and this has in
volved delay. Col. McRae has written to
Major Weston, urging the transmission of his
accounts current ; for he is more anxious for
a settlement than Mr. II olden cao possibly
te.
The second reason against a settlement ran
le removed by Gov. Vince at any moment.
Col. McR.ie claims an additional compensa
tion for the additional service he was called on.
to render, to wit: tho effecting the negotia
tion itself. Is this not fair? What does
Mr Ilwlden sav to it ? Is this not his habit'
with reference to the public priming? For
superintending Mr. Sanders' contract, Gov.'
YancM agreed, on Gen. Martin's suggestion,
to allow $5,000, and $300 per month. Col.
McRae claims for the further service, about 1
per cent, on the negotiation, f he and Gov.
Vance cannot agree, Col. McRae is willing to
refer it to a jury. Is Mr. Holden opposed to
this? Col. McRae "is willing to trust the
people."
Now what has Col. McRae done? He has
negotiated a sale of the State bends, for the
delivery of Common Rosin "at Wilmington,
for one pollar a bahbkl ; and the contract
will show that he has netted for the State
seTenty-lTve eents per barrel, aftor paying all
expenses. Mr. Holden is invited to find a man
who will question the excellence of the bargain.
For two hundred and twenty-eight thousand
barrels of this Common Rosin, Col. McRae has
placed in the hands of Major Dowd :
6000 . Over-coats,
6000 Pants,
6000 Jaekets,
6000 Shirts,
6000 Caps,
10,000 Blankets,
10,000 pair Shoes.
And the balance in Cloths.
The Rosin sold will cost the State, if purchas
ed now, about $3 per barrel, or $684,000. The
ten thousand pairs of shoes will sell at $100 a
pair, or one million of dollars so that the shoes
alone will pay for the whole operation, and the
balance is clear gain.
Having effected such an operation having
risked capture by the enemy to do so to saj
nothing of the risk of loss of life Col. McRae J
has thought five pr cent commission was a J
reasooablo charge. It is much less than private
companies ymy for similar agencies, nd not
more than other States, and the Confederate
government pay.
We have thus answered Mr. nolden's que
.tions, calmly, temperately, fully and frankly.
If he possesses a epark 9 manly or honest
principle, Le will repent; and net even for
malice, nor eat of desperation, continue this '
silly assault. ,
There is 000 question put by Mr. Holden
which merits another answer. He asks:
'And how much gold has Col. McRae re-j
ceived, besides the eleven thousand dollars '
which he claims ?"
We answer, hot a cent ! neither received,
nor. to be recived ; and if Mr. Holden moans '
thU aa anything more tan one of his political
attacks then it furnishes evidence of the base
ness nf hii own son I, to a degree that wo had
notcoHC-ived of him. If it is only ne of hie
"honest arts," then it is in aecord with tke
habits of his life, and not furtker worth oar
notice.
In conclusion If Mr. Holden does not wisk
us to receivo the compensation we have earn
ed, but would like to see it go to a good object,
let him accept our proposition lot him con
tribute a like sum to the mutilated soldiers,
and they shall have ours. He is rich and
able has not lost a dollar by tho enemy. :
We have am tend reJ, for tho public good ;
what wo could easily have saved. But we
arc willing to give again. Will Mr. Holden .
give to the mutilated soldiers?
We take pleasure in laying the following
Card from Dr. Leigh before eur readers. Oar
article to which it refers, as stated by us yester
day, was based upon what we bad heaid fro if
others ; and we are glad to record the refutation
coutaiued in this Card, as well aa in tho, com
munication of " A Siek Soldier, " in another
column :
G ehkrax Hospital, No. 8,
Rnleigh, June 28th, 18(54.
Editor Confederate. In reply to an article in
your papor of this date, headed ' Peace Institute
Hospital," allow me to ay that the statements
thcreinnade are incorrect.
The patients in this Hospital, in addition to
the regular army rations, have all the delicacies
that this market will afford. As regards the
cleanliness of this Hospital, it will compare
favorably with any in the State. From its
location it is impossible to place the latrines so
that they will not be contiguous to the roads if
a proper regard is had to tke health of the
patients. This Hospital is open to the in
spection of any one who desires to learn the
truth, and they can see for themselves the facts
upon which the complaints are based.
H. G. LEIGH,
Surgeon in oharge.
Justlc to the Soldiers.
The Fayettevillfl Observer, at the sugges
tion of a "venerable citixen," proposes a meas
ure which we think worthy of earnest conside
ration. It is that Congress should give to
each soldier a Confederate bond for $500 or 1
$1000, not transferable, bat with interest pay
able semi-annually, principal payable at the
end of 20 years.
We agree with the Observer, that there are
many considerations which favor this idea.
In the first place, the s ddiers have not been
adequately paid, as all admit, 3 d this not for
laek of will, but only because of tho want of
means. $500 or JklOOO would in some meas
ure atone for this; aud posterity can and
ought to pay it. In the next place, tho game
of the demagogues who will be prepared to
preach repudiation that infamous idea
would bo effectually blocked. Not a man of
them would ever dare to broach'sach an idea,
if there were a million or half a million of
such bonds in the hands of as many soldiers
or their widows and orphan children. Still
again, it would do much towards putting an
end to desertions. Only those would receive
such a bond as continued In the rarvtce faith
ful to the and, or bad been disabled in tho ser
vice, or the represents?) ve of such as had
sacrificed their lives in service. To all these
it would not only be an annual pension, but
would be more a badge of honor, the highest
that a grateful country could bestow upen the
achievers of its liberties its saviors, under
God, from a worse than Egyptian bondage.
Deserters would be marked by being refused a
participation in this benefit.
It is pxjposed that the bonds should cot be
transferable, for the puipose of saving the
recipients from the clutches of the speculators.
We do not think that any one will object
to such an addition to the national debt. The
country owes that, and mucli.more, to the
brave soldiers. And its independence achiev
ed, the Confederacy will sprjng forward in
such a career of prosperity as will enable it to
meet all its obligations, large though they may
b.
Aw Editor's Idea of Babiis. An edi
tor who has been married about a year, speak- !
tag of his baby, says :The delight of the j
days, the torments of tho nights elegant in !
full dress, but horrible in dishabille beauti-1
ful on the smile, but maddening on the yell
exquisitely in place in the nursery, but aw
fully out of place in the parlor, or railway
carriage the well-spring of delight, and the
recipient of unlimited spankings the glory
of " pa," and tho happiness of " ma," who
wouldn't bavo 'em?
Far the Confederate.
Pbac HosriTAL, Halrigh N. C.
June 28, 1864.
Jti'-ssrs. Ediors : I fiud in thi morning's
issuoof the Confederate, an Editorial on a
commtfnication received from "A Wound!
Soldier," in whicfl grievous complaints " are
made of the treatment of the soldiers, inmates
of this institution. You will please give mo
small space in your paper iu 'reply to the
same. I don't prejend to know anything of
the treatment this wounded soldier " has ro
ceived at this Hospital, but I can speak for
jnyself ami others of this ward, and as far as
my observation has extended, there is no
reason of complaint of thetreatmeat here. I
have been here three weeks, and have been
treated in every respect as well as at any hos
pital in the Confederacy. I have received
treatment at Winder Hospital aud Jackson
Hospital,. Richmond, Va.,aod I have received
as good attention at this, as at either f the
above named Hospitals. Surgeon Leigh does
everything within his power to make every
thing aliout the Hospital neat and clean.
.The fare is inferior touonein the Confederacy,
and good enough for any " Wounded "or sick
Soldier." The Assistant Surgeons are very
attentive to the patients, and also all of the
attendants in the hospital. I can say for my
self and all that I have spoken with on the
subject, that the charge is without foundat'yi,
as far as our knowledge extends. But you
will find in ail places like this, "croakers and
grumblers," ready as any time to find fault of
the Confederacy. A SICK SOLDIER.
The Junior Editor of this paper is well ac
quainted with the writer of the above note,
and knows him to be a gentleman of charac
ter, and that his statement ia worthy of full
confidence. And while we are glad to have
his undoubted testimony of the management
of the Peace Institute Hospital, it is due to
the facts to state that soldiers from all the Hos
pitals here, are going through the city, repre
senting to private families that they are sadly
in want of vegetable diet. We learn from
Dr. Leigh that he purchases all he can gel
but cannot procure as much as Is needed.
We presume it is the same case with the other
Hospitals. We hope, therefore, our citizens
will send to the Hospitals, vegetables of all
kinds, and we are assured they will be grate
fully received as donations, or purchased, if H
price is demanded though we hopo there
is no one with so little gratitude as to ask p y
'for vegetables to be used by Wounded and
sick soldiers.
We have cm plaints cf a certain ward mas
ter who is unduly partial in his attentions to
the yankVes in his hospital. We shall en
quirenuto his case. We shall strive not to
censwie where no blame is duo ; but we sitall
not refrain where it is. The invalids in our
Hospitals must be well eared for.
For tb Confederate.
Got. Vance and Mr. Holden.
I propose, Messrs. Editors, to say a Tow
words relative to the two men whose names head
this article. They are both candidates for
Governor. Their past acta and present opinions
are subjects of just criticism.
For the first time since I beoaine a voter, I
find myself without a candidate for the highest
office in the State. At the last election t voted
against Gov. Vance and for Col. Johnston. Gov.
Vance has disappointed me. He has made us
a most excellent Governor, is an able statesman
and a brave soldier. Ha has done much for the
soldiers families, and for the soldier himself.
In ray humble opinion we eannot get another
who will sorre us any more faithfully than he
has done ; although we might have gotten one
who would have agreed with us more entirely.
Bat the day is now past. We must now choose
between Vance and Holden. I prefer the
former, and shall cheerfully support him, be
lieving him to be a pure and patrjotic man ;
although I don't agree with him entirely, and
have never claimed to be a member of his
party.
And now for Mr. Holden. There was a time
when I had a better opinion of him. In 1856 I
looked upon him as both an earnest and able
secessionist. If he teas earnest then, be has
proven himself to be false si nee. If he was not
earnest then, he is unworthy to be trusted at
any time.
In 1858 when the great and good Judge EJlis
was nominated for Governor, Mr. Holden was
a candidate before the Charlotte Convention.
After Judge Ellis defeated him for the nomtna
tion he acted nobly in sustaining him. as I
' thought, with earnestness and power. But I
was mistaken. He was wanting in earnestness
again. In 1860 Mr. Holden advocated the
nomination and election of Douglas to the
Presidency. Was Le in earnest then ? If so
he was again false to his sentiments and his
feelings for he supported Breckinridge. Verily
I claim him as my Protean hero.
' How stands Mr. Holden as a oandidate for
Governor? Will be get any votes? I don't
know a man that will support him in Northamp
ton. Every man that I have heard express
himself is for Vance, save one, and be is opposed
to Holden. I venture the prediction that Holden
will not get a vote in this county, unless the
voter presents a folded ticket and a mean
countenance. There are too sets of candidates
for the Legislature, but none of them are for
Holden.
If I thought Mr. Holden was as true to as as
I did in 1866, 1 would pity him. But I cannot
pity him now. Ho has changed his ntember
eiiip to the Conservative party aud by that party
will be murdered. Nokthamptoji .
June 25th, 1864.
The Standard wants Gov. Vanes to have
"Lt. Howard tried and punished, for en con r
aging mob law." The hyena Is tho only
animal, we believe, that makes war npna tho
dead in their graves. Lt. Howard fills a pat
riot's grave. He fell a noble martyr to his
country's cause a few weeks ago, while driving
back the yankees from Richmond, and thus
protecting Mr. Holden s person, property and
family. And yet for his base selfish ends, he
would invoke punishment upon him. Sham !
shame 1
For" tho Confederate-.
Lewi 1lns KKq., Ac, 4c,
" Lewis H tnon, E-q--, is a candidate for th
Commons in Davidson county. Mr. Han
a gentleman of ability and a Conservative af
ter th siraitt-st sect."
The above is from tho yiandarit of a recent
date. Now, Mi. Editor, the inquiry natural
ly arises, who is this'M. I lanes. Ep, stu
dent at law, lieutenant of militia, rmnlic mill
er, Sec, &c, ? IlnVnn will allow me spae
in your paper, 1 will fry touswcthe mqui
ry in part.
Perhaps it would
sufficient foe those who
ae not initiated, to sit
ply say tht he is a
Convention agitator
bawler. But others,
and premature pears
who are to be blessd
or cursed in the ensuing election by his suc
cess or defeat, demand a more explicit answer.
In advance, I know ho will thank me for
disclosing to the world the existence of a
geuius so long enshrouded by his own innwtc
modesty. Ho was once a member of the Leg
islature voted to call a Convention, in order
that North Caroliua ' mi;lit taki her own
affairs into her own hands,' ( is he wants her
to do again,) and take her proud stand witn
her sister States oj tho South " for weal or
woe, fpr life or death."' He opposed the dis
ruption of the Union in the beginning, (as who
did not 1 ) but said he to tho members of the
Convention : If I had been a delegate M
tho Convention, I would" have voted just as
you have done." H was all riht then.
Soon affer this, at a inuer ground, at the
tsnliciratien of friends, although deploying the
disruption ot tho old Union, he is heard, with
a xincc of fine eloquence and the most pathet
ic appeals,! urging the people to come
forth. in the defence of thir rights and to
stand united as one man, for, said he. " what
was once your section, has now become your
country I '
He stood up tKen like a man. So confident
and determined was he then that he, engaged
in speculation, soon made a large sum of money,
and yet itemed to be all right. A little later,
and bohold a change comes ovor the spirit f
his dreams; and it is said, with how much
truth 1 do not know, that his heart had been
withdrawn from "this contest" of Southern
independence, and that outsiders were left to
infer that i had sold his luge accumulations
of Confederate for Bank bills. Moreover, be
despouded give up Richmond bowed his head
and died to the cause of the South. When
"little Mac," with "the finest army the world
ever saw," had been repulsed from before
Richmond, by the firm valor cf the Sonth. a
friend inquired of Mr. Haues as to the news from
Virginia. What, do you suppose was his reply ?
Certainly he said wehavo whipped the Yankees,
didn't ho? No. He did not. You have
whipped thein, " was his reply. Jon why
don't you say, we have whipped them?" con
tinued his interrogater. He replied, I will
say what I please." All saw then that he was
gone.
Mr. Hanes was soon af'eraards nfflicicri wiih
a miserable cacoethes tcribendi, and, (be ia a
notoriouoly modest man) creeps up in the
columns of the Standard over the signature of
Davidson." Not content with this, he " comes
to the scratch again, " ofer the same signature,
but in order that the world might trace np his
habitation and real nam, he hails from Clftn
monsville. Every one who saw them, romtm
berS UK pandering, otr4f otb lmimy :t
those articles. All the Yankee world took the
Standard and " Davidson " to their embrace at
once, and thence forward, for 41 life and death, "
they were one and inseparable. Is there sueh
a man living in Clemmonsville ? It is a quiet
little village, and one' might suppose too warm
a cliraOo for this Northern Davidson" and
reconstruction shriektr. He d not live them,
and he wronges those true iud tried people of
that village by this unfortunate and inordinate
propensity to mingle with his superiors. The
eounty of Davidson ought to pOtest against this
sacrilegious use of her good name by one of her
recreant sons.
But soon weary of embracing the yankees
at so great a distance, he is seen goinf about J
with reconstruction ami thirty years omanci-H
pationin one hand, and H dden s Convention
scheme in the other. He gar Forsyth a
noble lift in the Convention movement, anil
notified the Standard that Davidwu would
soor. follow her example. She moved not at
his bidding. , Gradual emancipation was his
plan, for tho 4,cure ol all our ills," and a
speedy yankee embrace Hh again announces
himself a candidate for fhe Legislature. But
he falters. Tho battles before Richmond are
still in proggress. and it is said he determines
to await the results of those fights before he
takes a positiou for either ot the Gubernatorial
candidates. Thus he stands now. Holden
and the yankees have somewhat abashed him.
They should not be so furious in their love
attacks hereafter. Others are entitled to a
place in their affections ; for it is said that
some, whose head and heart should have been
engaged in the service of their country, assis
ted this "gentleman of ability" in his labor of
love for the edification of 11 olden and the
yankee nation.
Thus Messrs. Editors, I have briefly touched
few points in this man's political course.
There are many others, that may bo brought
to lisht as occasion may require.
SIT LUX.
A Correspondent, has addressed us a com
munication, in which he draws the Inference
that he was intended as the Wardm aster, of
whom it was reported to us there was one
suspected ot undue partiality to .the yankees
in Hospital here. The gingerly sty bain whieh
he notices the matter, is rather remarkable;
and the manner, too objectionable lo vs, to a
core insertion. A more prudent article would
have been published.
Laboe Mining Company. A company
has been organized in South Carolina to work
a rich mine of lead, iron, gold and silver eresy
situated in Cherokee county, N. C. It has
been surveyed by an Engineer of the Confed
erate government, whose report led to the or
ganization of this company, with a capital of
$1,000,006.
Six handred negroes, captured and stolon by
Grant's men, have boon sent to tke bobs at
Arlington.
Forrest's late Fight.
A correpo!idnt of the M-ihfte Adetrliktr
writing from Tupelo, M spyW. under daio
ol Juno 15. gives tho am.ex aont ih For
rest's laie fight. :
On the 1st nf June G.n. For,nwt more l
eastward. He had been apprr;rj fr
time that a fore of from 6000 to.fliiSnvJ was
being fitted out an Memphis foe an xp. -ditbm
to Sherman's anwy, in charge of 40& wtagoim
load of supplies, and fur tho purpose liao of
furnishing this mnch more transportation,
with a rane ambulance rraio, and tweniv-fur
pieces of an illery, with the troops that ac
companied them to Slfrrnaan. H is force, con -Msting
only of two brigade ffor Chalmers
went s":newher some tiuae&go immediate
ly retarded to' pounce uoon th onr nr
niicier ong we reinrned from Ox fori, and
Johnson's command came down from North
Alabama.
Thns tftis flrce, thongh not half as lage as
that of the enemy, was at o:ic, id unexpe t
edly to the enemy, soncentrsted on the M
bile and Ohio road and just in . time to head
him at Brice's crefs roads, six miles fn..
Baldwin. Skirmishing Jbegau about 8 o'clock
in the moruing by fjol. liuckei ;CoI. Johnston
soon came up and assisted to held the enemy
in check; Col. Lyon, with his Kentucky Br's
adc, came in bef. re 12 o'clock, ai.d Col. B !"
Sl!lla?ta,brigi4H6W'i,h the "ceP'i"" of tl.e
lhird Tei.n-ssie, commanded by Co!. Bartcan.
who was sent to the enemy rear- read, d
the field at I o'cUk. Tie mmy teemed
frustrld by this sudden resistance u his
frmit, yu poshed vigorously forward an! en
deavored to overrun our forces. Tno fi-htim'
for the next three hours was severe ard charge
fter charge w mad, cohi-wn after-colu.nn
was hurled with headlong, ih.pctu -ity by tho
enr. against 11s, and l,y us agiukt the ene
my. At 4 o'clock fhe 2d Tenesse had
reached ti e rear of tho en.vny, and nln s
furious attack. The enemy ac first ssnt back
a regiment oj infantry, then 300e.valrj, and
becoming Mill mor alarmed at the . b-un ey
of the attack in front and the appearand of a
force in his rear, ei.t back all his cavalry and
commenced a retreat. His force i fr..t
weredrivjsu dismay, and the w boloibody of
his troop demoralized. W2 (, artillery.
Cvalry. infantry, nagrm, and w. v. ult d. went
back in mi confus d mass, blocking up tho
roads and running through v ds and fields.
O'er two hundicd wagoi.s and f irtn piece
of artillery wore 'abandoned in less tha on
ii ur after the retriat began.
Our force pursued until dirJc and ti.n
camped f..r the night. Tiie greatest j-ity
inflictod upon us during thi eng.ment was
by an ambnscaoV. WiU n s and Russell's
regiments, ot Bel. s brigade, sufio-ed severely
It is unfortunate that m..re canti.ni was nt
xcrcis.d to provet,t such unuieossary Jan-
ThenumUrof VilVd and w.,i:ided in this
fi ;hi r. our sido was over tiiro hundred. The
loss of theenemv in kilKl and wounded was
n.u a thousand.
Tho enemy's forre was (our brlcades, two of
cavalry, commanded by Grierson, and two of
uiiamry, an unuer ling lien. Sturis;and the
u..ui.n;m.i- iMung tun, numbered not less than
nine iti..unt. -'i. riuai,tn wd
as a train gnani. Hut few negroes have been
captured. They made goud their escape.
'Pi : i . 1
i in- miinuii wii renewed ear v m mnn
inr. Gen. Forrest followi Iwora dwt;rV,i
with Imeacort and 7th" Tenness-e.- fi-htine
ine enemy urui the other commiwd came up
At Ktpley a desperate faht ensued, in which
hell s brigade and Lvon's -Treat I v distinrMia)
rd themselves, charging into ti.e town and
driving the Yankees fr mi every stronghold
they had taken, killing, woundmz. and ca-
turing five hundred or mur'a. Th nnatv
took the Salem road.and w re pressed every
men oi me way. a icrrinie Mii'mst-a le was
given them by Col. Barleau. near Saiern.
Having gained a position on their fitnk in
advance of the column, he disinonctod and
marched his command within nxty yards of
i .
me roau. as me column came on, tho mad
was crowded with infantry and cavalrv. One
snect oi nre iroin his line, and hundreds lav
a
nors au combat.
Charging immediately upon the road still
limner execution wasenccted until com pel led
to give way. The 95th Ohio regiment which
was in mo rear oi tne column., aud hard press
ed bv Col Lvon. surrendered Th varlnn
troops of Gen. Buford's command in this, the
second day of the pursuit, capturodja thous
and prisoners. Having followed the enemy
nearly to Lw Grange, and put his column to
flight in fragments, the tntona nmnnsriAHl
their return on the mornin?of thm 19th and
scoured the woods to the left of the Salem
road back to Ripley. The result hs hern
that seven or eisht hundred more straw! imr
yankees were caught. G riersvn and Stnrgis
deserted their commands beyond Ripley, and
nea u iiau range.
The outrages committed by the enemy in
the expedition exceeded all former example.
Houses were robbed of every article necessary
to the sunnort of familiest. IjHImi inltrl
and outraged ; children robbed of their cloth-
i .
ing, ana iou nsaeu, crying and hnngry; old
men choked and 2a?eed. and in unmnm inifn.
cos beaten nearly to death ; women kicked out
of doors for murmnrinsr at these wrnnoa mnd
knocked down by buck negroes in tho presence
of their husbands. Those are some of the
iniuries that tho Door neonlo of North If ii
a a s
sinni have had U endure within the lnt tan
davs: and it is things like these that malr
them grateful once more for their deliverance.
and have nerved the arms of Forrest's sol .
diers to fight like demons aad to perform deeds
of darioc rnuallec in historr. Tha Snath.
ern man wno would "not fight bow, is nlt
for freedom, aad ought net to enjoy it.
The Misaisninai Prairi Nw -i'wm k
following fact derived from Forrest's chief
quartermaster:
Yankees killed 1000 ; wounded 1500 ; es
tnred ZOOO. Also xvq wagons ; 60 ambu
lances : 17 nieces of artillerv with riiunni .
500 mules ; 100 horses ; 500,000 rounds small
arms ammunition; 10.000 rounds cannon am
munition : 5.000 stand small arms Aft Ann
V W - - f VVVVV
pounds pilot bread ; 50 barrels sur; HO t acks
of coffee; $200,000 worth of mdi. no 10
I
barrels of whisky, and shovtb, prul., xs.
carpenters too's, vie, m.laigo inimU-is
Kfif ORT5 Otff K FRESH fJIAioN..
t rt)ca Cf b. initoB's ifnj;
If ARtKttA) Jn.a .-AHVst un Uls?
nwrsinr. tbo tSemy, cffrttjc of s part Vf Pal-
ssra, jsahiMfisld'f. Blalr'f,- f.iftf srd's aad U-
Can's 4ittm0t sttfpleW Of gars' fw
as aagla in rtif fortiatations (NsvV Aft ceatr,
held by CheattlSts and Clebnrne. fhy AireVed
defiant U np if stvon llae of bstt.Vsr frf
rnservrd their Are Setil they appr4 wnttiw
B few vards ef the brfittworkl, when tht Hi4
with grape, eaaister aad muoketry, ereatiug jrVeaTf
havwe is. their raoks. The Are was rapid an ab
stractive that the enemy eoflld not fsllv aad wa
driven hack with a kis of k(ff-tn lOd and l,f00
aten. W oaptarsd aboat 100 Srisowsfs, iacla
dieg Lint. Col. John Baker, ef tke 74th tllinots,
Capt. S. . Wakefi'ld of th 54th fdddts snd
IX Jno. II. York ef the 64 Indiana, iw stales
f colors, one presented to tho 27ta Illlavvrsi t
Brig. jkn. B a ford.
'The wotxis whore the dead aad wenndesl are
now Ijing, is on lire, making it impossible to brief
theta off. Oar loss, owing to our men beiag pro
tectee' hy breastworks, is vrry small. Qur right
centre, the 43 d Georgia rtrioieat, C1. Oo-don,
Mercer's brigade, deploye4 as skirmishers, acted
with gallantry, and Jield a head to hand fgb
with the enemy natd relieved. The troops ei'
gaged ia tho f rst meatiened action, were Maary's
snd Vsnchaa's brigades and Cheatham's die ieion
of Polk's corps, and Lowrj's brigade sad CIs
barn's division.
Brig. Oea. sttllpbaU, ,vankee) eommandtnc tho O
rst brigade seeond h.rition o EJfowsrd's 4th army
Corps, killed, si reported by hi own men taken
prisoners. Wagoners is Billpbsll's brigade suf
Ibred very srferelv.t
Jforthera Ifrws
MOniLC, Jnne 2T. Tke Ktgtr ad Aivrtt.
er has a speeial dipateh frm Soaatohia, whieh
sars that reliable Memphis intelligeat it u the
effect, thai it is believed Whbere will earn
mand the expedition to reinforce Sherman aft
he hs whipped Forrrtt, with a reinforeameat now
aambtiing twenty thnatand, which h iateads to
wrii:
Gold at Mesfiphis 20 Ife eottca. Confederate
money 21 etats a tk" dnllsr, aad H risiag rapid
It. () fieials ia bad haraor, iadj.atiag nafavor
sble b'vi.
A nouor is eortent that G'sat has telejraphed
Lineo;n t.iat he i ttrd .if-tU nalsrUkia;, and
h u.f 'un and tak ehr(e hiTHRtf.
ThaChleago Timti andiM. hais Rrpnhliean of
the 3m bare been reeivd, and say that the Chi.
ago rnTntion is p'i"priH till Anjast 29.
fii is York oa.'.V 11 1. 225 elossd at 216.
The At thama h bn'a4 to ship Roekingham
from Cdtio.
FortherFroa the Krti.
ATLANTA, June 27. Th Jpptnl has reeeh,
ed Nabville Utt t the 22d. The latest neng
feom Grant's a-ruy nwar Petersbnrs;, says, that cos
rrary to expectation ne g-neral afsment. but
heavy fighting go'n oa, with raltt fswrable,
thoaVh not decisire. The yankees claim to have
e'ptared 22 guns in the operations roan 4 Petert
hare. Birney's division threw f vo shells into tbs
eity. Difpatehes front Grant's Bdtuartrs to
WaiaiartOD, say thero was sorer I rhiinr yes
terday alonr the rr -tr portion nf Ik liaen. Wo
sniaodkai little e.teent on nr left.
New York dates of Ins inn say Mold f 1. Cot-
ton 15P.
Nasi, fill papers elsim thst Tf"kr took Lost
vaounttin on the 1 41th, by ansaalt, eaptariag 1999
prisen-rs and two oannsn. Sehfld attacked
and captured rm mil. rrm the top or which
Sherman eoanied tkt koa in Marietta. Th
rebdwArk are reported very strong, eztending
fron L-t monntain le Black Jack mountain.
covering Marietta aad the Ruilrosd. If looker
snceeeds in driving them rrom their works entire
ly on their left flank, s movement whieh has hither,
to been eitrensely difficalt, will be open and they
ean be flanked with caso ana ortTta front their
Present strong poMtion, and they ean make no
sueeessful stand sonth of it. Stanton anaonnees a
tvlcgrsra front Sherman, that Johnston retreated
on the night of the 17th, and that he pnrsned him
to tho Chattahoochee. The death of Oea. Polk
was announced officially by Station In Washing
ton, on the 20th. It is beli.ved that Ce a cress will
ad j earn in ten days. The Secretary of th Treas
ury has aeeepted all bids fr bnds payable ia
1881 at 4 per etnt, premie mand upward.
O0LD8B0R0', Jane 2. Private advices re
present Kaats as rnnning front W. F. Loo oa
Sanday, front Stanton bridge, on tho Sonthslde
road, with Doaring ia his front, towards Wtldea
r Grant's army. ,
Official informations from Weldon to-day, says
K ants is going there.
The wires are working through to Richmond.
bnt not a .Vress dispatch from that direction has
been received in two dsys.
mere is a rumor here mat Urant has been
dri ven from his fortifications around Petersburg
to -his gua boats in the river. Col. Msllett haa
received a dispatch, stating that th Raiders were
met and defeated at Stanton bridge on th Dan-
vine roau.
We res-ret to learn that t . John A. Raker of
6th N. C. Cavalry, was ea, tared in on of tho
skirmishs near Pti seurg, day or two aro.
mis is su me news wo aavs.
Caors a so Politics. A letter from a sb
seriber ia Richmond eennty ssys:
We aro barvestias ear oarlv whaat tn
weak later tbaa usual. I do act think sa
average srop will bo made for tho land sown, en
accoaot of the scab, produeed by tho heavy rales
or wibb m xtisy, wnen tse wnoat was ia bloom.
The eat crops nsvor looked tetter. Bat little
cotton planted, except by tho Hehiealtos.
- . mava e en
too noioen aoctrino is at lsw ebb, aad some
ef tbe Deideattcs aro beginning to cry war,"
" we mast whip tbe yanks, " Independosoo, "
Jte.f caased I have bo duht by the stetns of
affairs ia Virginia. In ear oonnty Iloldon wiU
get a small vote, considering the influence on
deswored te bo exerted. Ie our aein-hberhoed
there are bnt two Holdeaitoa. and tha lk
suriy as car day brightens." FoytifvilU Ob
server. YbB Bottlers Belief Boeletr.
Being now organised, all contributions to tho
cams will bo tbaskfally received. Donations of
provisions or stores msy be sent to the President,
Mrs. S. H. Roosas ; donations in money, to tho
sws a en wst - . .
irearurer, mrs. w . E.LMS. Uooked provisieni.
vegrtabl-s or fruits may be seat to Guioa's Hotel
letw-ro the hours of tea and two, when managers
will bofrfsent to rieive tbibt sad attend to their
rvper distribntinn,