. ' J Si
THE CONFEDERATE.
A. M. GORMAN & CO., Proprietors.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-. .
ADVERTISEMENTS wilt be Inserted at i
eetLiai per sonar e of ten linea (or leas) for each
insertion. Marriage notices and obileeries will t
charged as advertisements.
TERMS :
UNJ
T MIA 'EDITION, forG months 512
. ' 3 ' '
t " 1 "
3
TIII-WEEKLY, for 6 months.
7
4
j ' JUU WUXCUL
JOB WORK of everv description will be eA
' ecatsd at this Ofice with disoateh. aa aa
..-.-.r'l.-T V PniTIIlV f..r d mnntllii 5
N snocription will be received on any other
terms than the above, nor for a longer or shorter
period.
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY -MARCH 23 1864.
NO, 8.
as can be aoae aoywftere in tbe Soothers Con
ederaey.
raff
Good Cheer.
TL- Tii'nnr thicken upon lis, that the
national recognition will not long be delayed.
We have faith in the reception of Mr. Pres
ton in Mexico. Our telegraphic .despatches
epeal; of "recognition runior3 as ajsain cur
rent i,, European financial circles. It is now
paid that France will act alone in case of a
ne-ative reply from gngland. " Oar Cn
federate bond? Continue to d vane , and Con
fidence in our strength and determination's
revived. The attack of Ird D rby and
D'Israeli on the Iv.izh administration, dis
closes much strath. On a motion for tie
correspondence in the Laird r am case, the
C 1 1... I.. ..rtf Tn'O
ministry was only successful "y "'"
majority. When the opposition shows this
strength, and on comparatively a weak point,
the ministry commences to totter. The popular
mind too is being deeply moved, and petitions
for . ur recognition, si-rud by the most mil-ieu-tial
of the nobility and citizens, are circulating
thougLout England.
In tie- north, a vLdeiit feud, each day be-cumin-more
exa.p.rated and bitter on the
presidential question, is ra-in- invn! vmu
politicians and military mn in unr-leMios
opp .i!ion. Meade is under arrest, and Sickles
the accuser.-" Chase intrigues against his mas
ter, and Blair denounces Chase; while
SowarJamlL-.nl Lyons have turned their
attention from State aff i-rs to la .rquenet and
"cvitYup, " from which fame it is said
Earl Russell derivts the profits, whichever
wins.
The military draft is resisted colli asi -ns
Lave taken place between the troops and the
people of southern Illinois, while mobs of
a similar character are working in rensylvaiiia;
Ohio ai-d other States
On our bide, our "lurious soldiers have shed
hope, tiust and confidence over the laud, by
their noble re-enlistment- Caress, by its
act to fill their ranks ami to provide a cur
rency of value for their support and mainte
nance, cud by its pound exposition of a true
peace proposition, has stimulated the popular
ardor and fired the, national enthusiasm
The spring campaign in Mississippi, Flori
dn, north Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee,
and Virginia, Fas opened with signal and
au):niorrupt(d success.
li.divMual deeds of daring, such as Col.
Wind's at Newbern, Lieut. GlasseR'a and
):xn's at. Charleston, ami tne unnvaueu
achiexerr.fnt of captain Fitzhugh, of the fifth
TCMinvnt Virginia
Cavalry, am! his n teen
. " . " .1
mt the eastern
Miore, l-ave eievaieu
i
chivalry to its highest pMiU,
and toe wloie
flncct of llifiiiTS
i ,;..r.t rheerimz ami cx-
19 IMIW'l ' c
hileratin.
L't the Mate am u v? -t--
the work Our own Uovernm win.
1-5 or,,i cnnl nri! in the cause.
on
are sure,
It is well for our people to be assured that
the selfish nomination of himself by Mr.
Ilolden, wi
11 u-arofe disturb the general naruro
ii v in this State,
No material opposition
..:n t,i li v. Vance
He wi'l be re-
ehctid bv an overwhelming majority , and we
Lave ever'y belief that party agitation and
t vitement, (except the little in and around
Mr Holden) will he subdued until our war
for independence is crowrcd with success.
Dr. Leach and Desertion.
m. CJr,.i ...monitor 'whobeafTu
for
1 I.e MU v;r!J3'M r
Congress in the 3rd District, rather twits us
: ... Pi-.. hi tlia armv
w-no ot our re-aguaie.M ....... ,
.. I ; t.; mW. A on wav. he accuse
us ot ue-
uno, m ii' '"- - -I
to the 44 r or delHUeii
wri on. and compares us to w. ,
men of Nethercutt's battalion." Iu his spite
agair.t us he makes a very grave charge
against his own son, who an officer in the
armv and who deserted, as we did, by tender
ing his resignation, wiiich was accepted.
See what malice will do. By the way, Dr.
Leach, durin ti.o last oampaigo, in his
speech at Goldsboro', told the people that he
had had a on killed in the service aud Ive de
scribed his death in doleful terms, and his
gratitude to the Yankee woman who nursed
him and wiped the death sweat from hb brow
as also his affection tor the spot of earth
vhere he was laid. Will the D tor be good
enough to give us the name of thin sou?
Yc will be happy to publish his name.
thn fact uf ttie resisnatian of
ycung Dr. Leach, we are not to be tersto. d
as imputing desertion nor to q iesrion his
Teasoos:but only toh w the .olhy .of 4ur
old competitor in thus sti iking right and lef ,
and "going it blindly" not caring who he
bits.
It was a hard blow to his partner, Mr. Ilol
den, when he alluded to the deserters who
were handed. It must have male more vivid,
an impression which time caunot efface.
No deserter will ever lay atour du r the
ignominy of his death ; but many have at
Mr. Uoldeu'a; am the dying message of
James King to his bereaved family " the
readiugof Mr. Ilulden's paper has brought
rue t this." is an...-cho from th grave that
will never die away.
Heavy Fcsdiso. Tbe amount funded in
Confederate four percent, bonds, at the Depos-J
itory in tbuj city, up to Saturday last, was
$1,085, 400.
The Venomous Tooth. j
It is sone cons Nation to know, that if we J
have fallen under the tdanderous pen of Mr.
Ilolden, we but share the fate of every good
aud eminent man in the State. At one time
or another he has poured ht dirty phial upon
them all. We shall commence to let the peo
ple of North Carolina ste what he has psiid iu
defamai'on f all her honest citizens, and some
things he has said of those not quite so wor
thy. ' '
Tne first bite of the venotrous tooth enters
the skin of his present partner in slander, Dr.
Leach. In the Siai.d ird of the 23rd of Feb
ruary, 1859, will be found this statement :
" Such a scene as here f allowed, to attempt
" to report it would be as futile as an artist's
attemnt t p.unt a sih ur dyini; groan.
Le.tch co min need be!a?iorifi the clerk's
de.-k. aiel kept on exeiaiming " outrae us
insult, &c, whiUf Tur er keir. ahotitin
" at the top ot hi v -ice m on, Liaeh ! ,
"goon, Lach! St. r the reading, Leach.'
" It's ir.uino is. Sit-p it, L ach. Diwin-j all
" this i e, Mr. L ach was going on i-s luudly j
" as t e c(uhl tili' iit He lad ceased to he at !
" the desk aud was nw s'a king the cmtre
' isle L'ud cries of order rang from all
' parts I the Senate N' 'thing cou'd
t heard but from L'-aeh and Turner.
" Mr L.'aeh appri -ached Messrs. Ashe aud
" Mai tin and violently jjeticulated at them.
4 Toe scene luated b ut four liouis.
LlKPOKTfcK . '
The Kegister takes the part of Messrs
" Lach and Turner, iu their disorganizing and
uisurd'.-! ly c nduct in the Senate on the las
" night ot the session
" Ve witnesed the seer e from first to last,
"and our ab e and laborious reporter, Mr.
" Spel.ma.'i, has given a ti uthtui a.jd graphic
"sketch of it. Mr. Laeh can plead the ex
" cu.-e f a hasty aral ungovernable temper,
" and we ham itlat he regrets much of what
" he s ii i and thd the occasion. Standard,
' ElUnriai:
It will thus b seen that Mr. Spelmau, who
was then considered an " ahle and laborious
reporter of Mr. IIo'diH, gave a graphic
sketch of, perhaps, the m st disorderly scene
that ever occurred in North Carolina. Iu
that report Mr. Leach who is denominated
Leach figured the most prominent actor.
The denunciation of it by Mr. Spelman is
adopted by Mr. ilolden -who only allows to
Div Leach the excuse of a "hasty ami un
governable temper." Yet now, Mr. Ilolden
is check by jowl in political affiliation with
this same lb Leaeh recommended him for
Congvetu that he may re-enct before the
nation at R.chmond, a scene similarly disor
ganizing and disorderly.
We shall lay before tiat body in full the
evidences of Dr.- Leach's disloyalty to the
will ever get there as a member.
Thus, not even Dr. Leach has escaped the.
" venomous tooth." This biter lias been bit
ten. And theirjpresent affinity has not effaced
from the public remembrance the record of dis
orderly conduct, as a Senator, which Mr. Ilol
den has made fr him.
Appendix Writing.
Our old competitor, Dr. Laach, has turned
from his arduous duties as Scribe and Secretary,
a rejuvenated T. Hardy, into a literary writer.
Except so far as he, at the instigation, we fear,
of Mr. ILddaii, has adopted the malicious libel j
of Geo N. Sanders, we have no tault to find in
his production. We recognize the political part
of his essay to be a fair hit, and we pardon (he
style for the sake of the writer. We are half
inclined to everlook much that has heretofore
seemed inexcusable; tor it is now evideDt, not
only that this is the D ictor's own offspring, but
that those circulars which have heretofore goue
t the public over his initials have been fath
ered upou la i in and we douht very much if he
yet comprehends what was in them. When be
refuses to etiisct then, any thii g be has said,
no especial inference is to be drawn therefrom,
as we are by uo means certain that the Doctor
knows what has been said over his initials.
Suffolk. !
We are happy to chronicle the success of
Geu. M. W. Ransom in expeliing the Yaukees
from S dfolk. He give them a merited chas
tisement, kiliing and wounding a number of
them, capturing a piece of artillery aud much
valuable stores. We wish Gen. Ransom all
possible success. His merits as a soldier and
his qualities as a civilian of marked and end
nent ability, are appreciated by his fellow
citizeus.
In this connection, we have been pleased to
hear, aud hope that ihe report is well founded,
that Rrig ulier General, Martin has been pro
rooted to be Maj ir General, and Col W J.
Clarke to be Brigadier Generate If this be
true, it will be a fit testimonial of approbation
to two officers of oistinguished merit.
Andrew's Mounted Artillery Drill.
Th autiior, Lieut. Col R. Suowdeu An
drews, laid upon our table a short time since
a copy of this work, compiled from standard
military works", according to the latest re
gulations. We have been pressed so much
that we have not been able to give it an earlier
notice. It U dedicated to the great 44 St- n"
wall Jackson, " and is published by Evans
and Cogswell, of Charleston, and .appears to
be a valuable compilation for a very useful
branch of the service.
Our Resignation.
.The author of the appendix finds fault with
our resignation. What does be think of this:
14 Resignation or Col. D. K. McRab. The
folio wing letter of r signatiou from Col. McRae
"to Gov. Vance will surprise many. The rea
44 sons he gives for the step are such as to gat
"isfy bis friend and the public. If devotion
to the c-mse, unflinching courage, hard service
"and bard fighting entitle a man to promotion,
44 surely Col. McRae has merited it. Raleigh
" Standard, Nov. 2&th. 1862.
The above was written at a time when Mr.
Holuen bid some "devotion to the cause"
when 44 unflinching courage, bard service aud
bard figating" on th side of the Confe ieracy
entitled a sol Her to his respect Sul consideration
and praise. Now, he finds no pleasure in such
qualities; but after suspends g his paper, he
allows in his office a private publication, wherein
all these qualities are denied, and this very act
nf resignation ylweh li had ju-t published, is
denounce.J (stupidly, it is true,) as desertion.
This was an eay tak f r Mr. Ilolden. To
serve political, purposes his pen and p;iperhave
been all the while devoted; and all promiuent
men in the State have fallen abke under bis
vituperation ur ad'ilation, as the occasion re
quired. It was thus he fell, step by step, in
influence from the position to which energy of
character and talent, an ! private rectitude had
elevat-d him, until now, as a politician, he
stands without one representative sympathizer
in she nation, who.i3 association is of value to
hira.
We put the two testimonies side by side. nd
rely on the old adage that wheu rogues (polit
ical of course) diller, honest men get their dues.
The author further saj-s, Col. McRae is the
"last man on the earth to attempt to blacken
the reputation of a gentleman." We havn't
doue it. Certainly not iu the Doctor's case.
We hr.vc never struck at any gentleman's or at
bis refutation, at all We haTe only assailed
his disloyal and pernicious political teachings.
If we should ever do by him as he has most
maliciously dune by us, attack hhs reputation,
we should not try to blacken it. If we use. any
coi n' ar all, we shall endeavor to whiten it. But
we do not edit Uus journal to attack private
characters ; aud the bad example of Dr. Leach
shall not change our purpose.
Tne author says " It is easier for Col. Mc
Rae to fight the 'Yankees on paper, than on the
t attle field," We have tried the latter, aud'lo
not pretend that it is an easy business. We
are now engaged in the former, and we admit
that it is not as neat a job as good taste could
desire. Wo are sorry that our old competitor
seems not to h ive the ability or inclination to
fight the Yankees on either. His fort in pog-
' -j o ..w Havarr man!
and fellow ci'izens, and negotiate w.ith the Yan
kees -which he calls 4- carrying the sword in
one hand aud the olive branch ia the other." .
Dr. J. T. Leach.
This notorious ignoramus and traitor to his
country's best interests, has issued a pamphlet -which
somebody has licked into a somewhat
readab'ie shape, in which he h is seen proper to
speak in a f5om what ridiculous manner of tha
junior editor of the Confederate. This man has
been elected to" a seat in Congress, and if the
junior editor of the Confederate were as insig
nificant ajul contemptible in his sphere as thi
assinine scrihler will he there, he indeed would
deserv the contumely of every decent man. Bui
we have been an editor for near fifteen years,
and have conducted as popular a journal as was
ever published m the State during which time
we have had to put in shape some of the scrib
blicgs of this same Leach For such a stupid
creature to attempt a flmg at cur capacity for
editerial duties, is rid culous iu the xtrem.
The jui.i r editor of" the Confederate shares with
tbe able senior editor the duties and responsi
bilities of the conduct of the paper, and is ready
to measure swv rus'with this red .nbtabie knight
of the quiil at any time he may desire.
Personal.
I have consulted my friends in ref rence to the
recent libel put in circulation by Dr. Leach and Mr.
Ilolden. and th. ir counsel confirms my own judg
ment. Mr. Ilolden 1 as been several times chal
lenged by gentlemen whom be bad insulted, an
in each case he deni?d satisfaction, declining to
accept. for such reasons a 1 ave no reason to expect
he would a-t otherwise now. In order to obtain per
sonal satisfaction I should be obliged to attack him
on shzht. To do th a would be to yield to him all
the legal advantages, and to assume n inequality !
for mystlf, and it I snould slay bitn, ray usefulness
in my present position would be wholly lost. There
are some personal offences trhich might demand a
resort of this kind, at whatever consequences as
a gross insultT face te face, which would stir the
blood to immediate ation, when the leeal position
would b equal or a gross vituperation by abusive
epithets, which no gentleman would live under.
But this is not one of those cases. Indeed, the
circumstances of tbiscssemake a resort to another
for am for defi-no- and protection necessar. Ttiis
libel imputes fraud and dish nstv as a public
agent and il these accasors were more unworthy
exoneration from even su-picion would be my
first duty, and this can only be obtained in a court
. of justice. I have therefore instructed my counsel
to issue writs for libel against Mr. Holden and Dr.
Lesch, so that in the courts th y may have aa
opportunity of makii.g good tbir charge, or stand
rebuked and pu ished for malicious defamation.
To those friends who proffered to come to Raleigh
to stand bv my side against any supposed action of
Mr. Holden's tneb I am mueh indebted But I
beg them t- feel ro uneasiness on rar account. I
sen quite able to take care of myself, and quite
ready to do so. P- McKaE.
GoTernor Tance.
As, we fonsaw, the speech of Governor
Vanc is regarded as a wonderful production,
and has already stamped him with a national
renown:. W regarded it at th moment'
wheu -we read itvasiu the main a wim," logi
cal, patriotic effort abouu'Jing in sound
thought, wholesome instruction" and couched
in terms of jest, humor and sublim- eloquence,
admirably adapted to his audience, and dis
playing a mind f varied and spleudid at
tainment. We thought it the best stump
speech we had ever read and our estimate
has not been depreciated by the press ef the
country. .
We are rib poUtical or party supporter of
Governor Vance. He has b?eu iu party mat
ters a prty man. If we support him, it i
as a patriot, who has served hi 'Jtate, and
till serves her well iu the great ciuse. We
support him not as a conservative, but, a a
member of the confederate p ty. We sup
port him against disloyalty, against a paity
which when organised,-will be essentially a
Tort FakTT," a;d which will be known here
after as su"h. -Besides, we are a Irue North
Carolinian, and always proud of North Caro
lina gen ins.
A chief reason why Governor Vance has
received his just national. appreciation from
his speech is, "because he heri a competent
reporter" to set him down as h uttered his
thoughts. Many gnat speeches, and much
Suite reputation have been lost to North Caro
lina for the want of this. We are indebted
to the R.chmond E-.quirr for it in this in
stance, and we would be glad to show our
obligation by sharing with that press the onus
of the undertaking.
Governor Vance's re-election grgws more
certain every day. He will soon be helore
the pr ople, and Mr. lloldeu will ba obliged
to meet him, or refuse the call of the people.
Small Crumbs of Comfort.
The adherents of the teif -nominated gu
bernatorial candidate appear to be driven to
that desperate strait which induces them, like
sinking rJtariuers, to convulsively catch at even
the most waif-like straws, and to be able to find
comfort in the fancy sketches of a'lcged war
correspondents, whereiu perversion is made to
assume the place of facts. Ia a lato Usue of
the Progress, what purports to be-an extract
from the letter of a soldier, asserts that the
army vote will b cast "for Holder), &c. -Now
perhaps some soldier has sa wrilton but if so,
a fact of rare recurrence, iabutitably proves
either that no soldier so wrote, or that such
sohtfeV "i rew entirely upon fancy ana se p
such imaginings as fart. The circumstance1
referred to is, that on the iraiu fr m Wtddon
to this place, a few days since, there-chanced
to be eighty-one North Carolina soldiers, when
it was suggested that a vvte be taken, as be
tween Governor V mce and the would be
Governor, which was done by an officer. in the
party, with the following result: Vance
seventy-nine; H olden two one of this
wise minority so voting with the remark: "I
rote for Ilolden kos he'll slop Ihe war o een
as he be dec led."
Returned Prisoners
We were glad to welcome Colonels B yd
and Bhnknall back to their frienoe. afur th-ir
long and irksome imprisonment. They both
appear to be in gNd healli and spirits. Both
werec. itfinod at Johnson's Island, with many
other North Car jliua officers, and ihough their
fare was notot he best, we gather from these
officers that tl.ey n anagd to endure their
hardships The '.abai.d nmeut of Butler's
claim to he nepgLized. has re opened facilities
tor exchange, and we hope smm to'aveour
soldiers and ffiveis fre. Col. Cautweil was
left at Point Lookout, but we may look for
iiia exvha ge at once. This will be very
gratifying to his friends here.
Roll 01 Honom. A correspondent from
Halifax informs us that Brig. Gen. Junhe
Daniel, on a visit home some time since, caused
a considerable amount of food to be sold to the
poor, at extraordinary" low rates. He sold cor
at $15 per barrel, aud peas at $3 per bushel,
when they were selling at $25. Gen. D. has
sold from his plantation food to the poor for
$1,800 less than the market price : and he told
one of his neighbors t iinquiro iuto tbecoudition
of a soldier's, family, and if they needed an
thing, to go to his farm and get it. Such con
duct is noble and generous. A man thus filled
with a noble charity, will always render his
country 1 oble service upon the battle-field.
Another correspondent makes honorable men
tion of noble conduct on the part of Rev. Woo.
H and I. W. Cunniggim, of Greene couuty, for
their benevolent care and attention to needy
soldiers' families. The former spends nearly
two-thirds of his time attending to their various
necessities, and both have heen selling corn to
them at $1 a bushel, bacon at 10 to 12$ cen s
per pound, and other mce8sities in propoition.
The names of such men should be inscribed in
characters of living light, while their good deeds
are eushraed in the grateful hearts of the poer
and needy.
The General As-embly of the Presbyterian
Church of the Confederate Sjtates, is to meet
in Charlotte, N. C, on tbe $ih of next month.
NEW PUBLICATIONS, BY BRA!! SON 6
FARBAB.
THE GEOGRfl APICAL READER, with Mops,
i-ju5tpablisned. This is tbe onlGeojrrapbv
published in the Confederacy, and is to be followed
by a Common School Geography. Send in yoor
orders soon. Price $2.00 .
TAE JACK MORGAN SONGSTER, bow in
press, will be ready soon. Price 75 cts.
VORK'8 ENGLISH GRAMMAR third edi
tion, is just published. It is entirely a Southern
work, an i is one of the best Grammars published.
Price $2,00.
THE DIXIE PRIMER one of the cheapest
and bast books for children, has gone through the
second edition with great popularity. Price per
huudred, $25,00,
THE FIRST DIXIE READER is now ready.
Mrs. M. B. Moore, aathor of the series. Price 7
cents.
THE DIXIE SPELLING BOOK is now in
prea, and will be ready as soon as possible. Price
$1,50. '
HESPER AND OTHER POEMS, by Theo.
H. Hill second edition nearly exhausted. Send
n yot r orders.. Price $1,50.
MYRTLE LEAVES, now in press, shall be
issued as soon as possible under the circumstances.
It wt;I be a popular book. Price $2,00.
M OKVEN AND LINDA, 67 Rev. A. .
Mang-um. Beaanful and good. Price $1,00.
FIRST BOOK IN COMPOSITION, contains
a niinber of pleasant writing exercises. The only
boo k of the kind published in tbe Confederacy.
oi i-e $2.00.
HISTORICAL SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS
suited to Sabbath Schools, and to soldiers in camp,
tbe be. book of the sort yet published. Price 50
cents.
The usual dedactioas made to the trade.
X. B. Those ordering books to be sent per mail,
must send 10 cents extra on each dollar to pay
postage. BRANSON FARUAR.
Raleigh, March 16. 1&04. mh 16 7-w
SOUTHERN PUBLICATIONS ON 1IANB.
rnHE Rival Administrations,
L Scriptural Views of National-Trials,
The Bohemian,
The Seifie of Vickiburg,
Hunter's Piano Fort Instruction,
Warren's Surgery
Gilliam's Manual,
Army Uegulatious,
Evolutions of the Line,
Wheeler's Cavalry,
Voluntejr's Field "and Camp book,
Napoleons Maxims of War,
Cavalry Drill, by I'atten,
Bayn-t txe cise and Skirmish Drill,
The Voluntetfi's Hand-book,
fSchooI of the Guides,
'Second Year of the War,
York's Engli.-h Grammar,
.Smith's English Grammar, revised,
Our Uwn Speller,
The Dixie Primer, Pictorial,
The Confederate Primer,
Our Own Primer,
Southern Methodist Primer,
First Book in Cotnposion,
Our Own First Header,
The FirsrDixie Header,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Geographical Reader with Maps
Hill's Poems,
1 lie Guerillas, Dialogues,
Wesley an Catechisui, No. 1,
Weshjy an Catechism, No 2,
Capers' Catechism,
Sermou Catechisui, by Wood, .
Historical Sci-ipturu Questions,
Sunday- School Bell,
B.blic.ti Catechism, by LaosJell
The ildtti; of the Bards,
Camnaiirn from Texas to Marjlaid,
L23 iidorahit: hautmo, '
" ' Curse' t
" " MjuHus,
" " St. Llennis,
Jean Valjean. 5th vol.
Bonnie blue Flag,
Cotton Field Melodies,
Lady Audley's Secret,
The Camp Jester,
Morgan and His Men, 2 d Edition,
Rob i t and Harald, iiomance,
Neeley'a Discourse,
Roaiantic Passages inS. W. History,
southern Jjiteiarv Messenger,
The Age A New Monthly.
F'eld and Fireside Novelette,
The Confederate A Romantie Est ay,
Soldiar Bov tionyster.
$l 00
3 0t
1 25
2 50
3 00
5 00
00
i 00
5 CO
C J.0
75
1 00
1 .VI
1 O'l
1 00
1 00
5 00
2 00
2 00
1 50
50
50
50
50
2 0U
75
4
4 00
2 00
1 50
50
25
50
25
35
50
50
50
2 5t
2 00
a OO
3 00
s 00
3 00
4 00
50
59
5 00
1 00
a 50
"i 5 0
3 5a
2 50
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
1 00
B.. 1 hose ordering books by mail should
send an extra teu cents on tbe dollar, for postage.
BRANSON A FARRAR,
mh 16-7-w Raleigh, N. C.
Wayne County orth Carolina.
ourt .f Pleas and Quarter Sessions, February
Trta, 1864.
Cenith Jor.es,
. f; . Petition for Dower.
Heirs at law of Berj j
Jones, dee'd. J
IT appearing to the satisfaction of tbe Court
that John Jones and Jesse Jones, two of tbe
defendants in thi cause, are beyond the limits of
tbe State. It is therefore ordered by the Court
that advertisement be made for six weeks secces
siveU in tbe Weekly Confederate, a newspaper
published in the city of Raleigb, notifying tbe
said defendant of the filing of this petition, and
that unless they appear and answer tbe petition,
the same will be taken pro confetto and beard
x parte A3 to them. Witness, S. H. Denmark,
Clerk of said Court, at office, in Goldsboro', the
3rd Monday of Februarv, A. D. 18C4.
5-w6w. S. tl. DKNMAKK, Clerk.
-
"VTO'tTH CAROLINA. Superior Com tot La "
IN Halifax Coostt.J Fall Term 161.
Daniel and Heivey
r.
Thans X. RowTin
Original attachment levied on land.
- In this case it is ordered that publication be made
in a newspaper published in the city of Raleigh, for
six weeks, notifying tbe defendant, that unless he
appear within the time prescribed by law, and re
plevies and plead, judgment will be ordered
against him and tbe land levied on, will be sold
to satisfy the plaintiffs debt.
Witness, James M. Grizxaid, Clerk, of said
Court, at office in Halifax town, the fourth Monday
after the fmrth Monday in September 1863.
Issued 1st March,
6 wGt JAS. M. GRIZZARD, C. S. C.
North Carolina, I curt of Equity, ran
Waebek Couhtt. f Term, 1863.
Marion Sanders and Sarah N. his wife, N. T.
Green and Lucy N. hi wife, John H. Marphy and
Caroline M. bis wife, Thomss P. Alston, William
W. Alston and Frederick Mc Williams.
vs.
Benjamin A. Lavender, Wm. Teel and Florence
his wife, Benj A. Lavender. Jr., Elixa Ann Bod
die, Joel Lupton and James White.
In this case it is ordered that publication b
made in a newspaper published in the city 0
Raleigb. N. C, asenthe non-resident defendants,
to wit : Eliza Ann Boddie. Joel Lupton and James
White, for six weeks, notifying them of the filing
of this bill, and that unless they appear at the nexn
term of this C nrt, to be held at the Court Honed
in Warrenton, on the third Mot day after the
fourth Mondav of March, A. D. 1864. and plead,
answer er demur thereto, the same will be taken
as contessed. and heard exparte as to them. 1
Witness, Charles M. Cook, Clerk and Master of
sid Court, at ofice in Warrenton, the third Mon
day after the fourth Monday of September, 18C3.
3 C. M. COOK, C M. E.
Issued 13th day oTFebruary, 1164. 8J6w
Conrt of Kqulty for Wake County, I
Sraiae Tiaa, 164.
Geen High
ft.
The neirs of Hudson High, deo'd, and others
Petition for sale of land :
It appearing that the dafsndants ia this cause,
to witt Leonidas High, and Martha, bis sbter,
nd ber basban 1, (If she be married) afe non-reM-dents
of the State, advertisement Is hef Vy ma1
for said defendants. to appear at the next t rm of
said Court, on the First Monday after the fourth
Monday of March next, at tbt Court home in Ral
eigh, to plead, answer or demur to the plaintiff's
petition.
Wjtaeas. K G. Lewi. Clerk at Master hi E.rii.
ty for Wake county, at office in lUWigb. this KtU
day of Pebruary, A. D. 18B4, and in the year of
American Indtpewderrre the R8th.
3-wCt B. G. LEWIS. C. M. E.
North Carolina, r Superior Court of Uw(
Warrex Cocstt. f Pali Term. ldC3.
John V. Cawthorn, Executor of Henry Cawthorn.
r.
Daniel Bowden Original attachment levied en
Land
In this case it is ordered thst publication be
made in a newspaper published in the citv of
Raleigh, for six weeks, notifying the defendant,
that unless lie appear within the lime prescribed
by law, and replevies and pleads, judgment bv do
fault will be entered against him, and the lend
levied on will be condemned to satisfy the plain tl IT
recoverv.
Witness, Benjamin E. Cook, Clerk of said Court
at office in Warrenton, the third Monday after the
fourth Monday of September, 1863. .
BE.VJ. E. COOK, C. 8. C
Issued 13th day of February, 1864. 5-Cw.
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Wakrik Cooxrr, j
COURT OF EQIUTT
John Harrison Hawkins, sn infant uader the
sgt of twenty-one yesrs, by James A. Egertnn, bis
Suardiau and next friend, Charles M. Cook and
hn E. Miller, executors nf the last will and tes
tament of Winifred W. Hawkins, deceased, aud
Jane B. Miller,
lyif
Benjamin E. Cook, executor of Joht II. IlawVitis,
deceased, John H. Fleming, Jane Walker, 1 for
merly Omearv.) Benjamin R-Cook and Sslly H
Cook, his wife, John 11. Kimball, of the State of
Tennessee, Fannr 11. Kimball, of tbe said State of
Tennessee, and Nancy Power of the State of Mis
sissippi. It aiMiesrinir from the affidavit filed la the oTiee
! of tlo- sall Court, that John II. Kimball, Fanny II.
j Kimball and Nancy Power, three of the defendants
j in tiiis cause, reside beyond the limits of this
' Stat , it is therefore ordered that publication be
made in the Ualeigh Confederate, for six week.,
i notifying tbe said defendants of the lilirg of tbh
! bill, and that unless they appear at the next term
ot said Court, to be held at the Court lloue in
Warn nton, on the Third Monday afttr the Fourth
Monday of March next, and plead, answer r de
mur to' the said bill, the sunewill betaken a con
fessed and heard expartc as to them. WitncM,
Charles M. Cook, Cl-rk and Master of raid C-ur,
at ollico in Warrenton. the Third MmJay alter
i the Fourth Mondsv of September, 1663.
Is.-u -d 1st day of February, 164.
C. M. COOK. C. M. K.
N
OilTH CAROL
LIN A, I Supeiior Court of Law
Lexiua CorsTT. I Fall Ter- lwif.
John H. Jackron aud Rob't B. au--r.
Moses Pattrison.
Original Attachment Levi d on enc Town Lot in
the Town of Kin-tou.
In this case, it is ordered that nb!ict'mn hi
J made in a newspaper puoltfhed in he Mate, lor
! six weks, notifying the defendant, tbatunle- be
1 appear within "the time prescribed by law. re-
pl-vifi and pleads, judgment br default wll' be
enioreti egainst mm, and tne lot levtea n win oe
sold to satisfy the plaintiff's account.
Witness. JusturKinsey. Clerk of said Court, at
ofT.ee at Kinston, the third Monday alter tbe fourth
Monday of September, 163. Issued 23d day of
Febuiarj, 164.
5-a Ct JUSTUS KI.NS E V. C. S. C.
XT 01 Iff .The Mibsrrlbrr hains alj-'eb.
ii ruarv term 1$4. f Wake C. i, been dulv
j apj oiiit.d and qualified as 4ilom.itratr 'f Samuel
j I). Morgan, Ceceated, hereby gives eio"m to all
j per-on to present their accounts, debts, claims
anu demands 01 everv kind against nis mie-
.ta'te, to bim for payment, duly uth-nticateJ within
the time preHcribed by Hw," otherwise this notice
will be plead in bar of their recovery.
Notice is slso given that a Administrator sfoi e.
said, be wTTI on the Vtb day of Marth next, at th
for le, horses, mules cattle, bogs, sheep, farminir
utensils ; a large qusntby of manufactured tobacco
in noxes, and leaf tobacco, col ton in bale., boa
hold and kitchen furniture, and other article, uu
a credit of twelve months; Iw.ad with approrj
sureties will be requited or the jurcuascrF
sak- will be continued liom Uy today until all n
sold. At the tasne time aud place, I shall ofler tr
hire a large number of nntro slaves r my aw in -testate,
until the 25ib day of December next ; bom!
with approved sureties will be reouir ed or tne
hirers 1 WILLIAM LAWS, A im r.
Fbrury 16. 164.
MACHINIST WANTED.
WANTEb, a good Machinist to take ebrKt
cf a Steam Faw acd Grist Mill. To -iie
thrt will come well recommended a to sobriety,
rt will come well recommended as to sooneij
dustrv snd skill, a liberal price will be paid.
n Address. . Dr. GEO. C. SUGG.
Joyner's Depot, Wilsea, Co., X. C.
indi
.T-d2tAw3t
WANTED,
.? PVT month, a School, tmblic r nrivsie. 1
' i teach the Classics, French ard English.
Rkfrhevcks. Judge Tyler, Richmond, . J
: Nat. Tvler, Eq., of the Enqnirer, Kiciiroend, a.,
t and Professor Smith, Chapel Hill, N. C.
Terms according to the currency. Aujrw,
with proposals, ....
GEORGE PADD1SON, fSenex,
Gravelly Hill, P. O., Bladee, N. C.
32-tw2tf wit
Lost Crtl0fi7e or Stork The under
signed has lost tbe following Certificate, No,
1424 tor $500, issued to T. N.Cooper, Ralejgh.
d.ted Jalv 29th 16C3. and assirned over to Faml
t Martin. Every person is, forbidden to pnrchase
the same, as application will DC maae tor its rpnw
ij. ' F ' SAM'L MARTIN.
4 6w Salem, N. C.
For Sale. One nerro loj about tlrtr
years of age in good health; an excellent
teamster
ster, carriage driver, ana worx sna.
AddIv to
J. M. LITTLE,
. fexiartoa. N. (!
feb. 3, Ie64 l0-dtw-w4t.
OOfe of Chief Caartcmwter, Raleigh,
February 17th 1864. Proposals will be re
reived at this office until the 20 lD,t-t fnr tbe
msnnt actnrevof Oil fro theTithV Pea NU.
Proposal! tnnst state ja prion per gallon for tbe
oil produced; as the Governmeat will require
the total produce of oil as wel l jJf
20-d3tw3t Mai! and Chief Q.M.
9-Wilinington fonrnat. Fayettevllle Obser.
ver, Raleigh Standard and Petersbnrg Register,
copy 3 times and send bill to Ms j. Peirce. .
Lost if rtlfirate of Stock. The der
siTned has lost tbe following Certificate:
No. 1305 for $5100, dated July 28tb,lS63, issued
to J. McBoyle at Raleigh, N. C.
Every perami is or bidden to purchase the same
as application will be made for its renewal.
8-wlm. DAVID OTJTLA