-iE&tedAlT; April i tm.
' . ' "o Excuse for Starring.?,
This is the title of & very sensible -article
which we have copied from the Western 'Demo- '
crat. The Editor promises to investigate further
the amount of 'produce-" raised in his district,
and to pursue the inquiry what has.become of
it ? Happily, the tithe law, which the Progress
of tais city in its folly abases, furnishes the
meaaaof ascertaining the truth on the all ira-
portant question," as to how the people are to
be fed! , . -' ... -r
We propose to contribute as far as ire can, '
to the solution of the question : -
The thtr4 tithing district embraces thecoun
ties of Carteret, Craven,. Onslow, Duplin, .
Sampson, Wayne, Johnston, Jones, Lenoir and
Greene.- According to the census' of 1850, the
population of these counties numbered in the
aggregate one hundred thousand. Allowing for
the aJJitLm by reason of the increase of popu
lation within the last decade, and subtracting
losses by war, by the running oft. of slaves,
an J by the occupation of the enemy, and of
xhoac who have gone to the army, and we will
Mill estimate the figures at seventy five thou
sand. We have lately conversed with a friend who
has access to the statistics" furnished to the
Department from that district ; and we learn
that there has been received in tithes of food
aud forage within that district, to the value of
five luillions of dollars, of which three millions
may, be estimated as for articles of food, valued
at fair priced in times of peace. We further
learn that the crop of potatoes alone pays all the
.xpenaes o( gathering the tithes, and leaves the
remainder neit .profit hr the benefit , of the
army. This table shows then, that within the
areiof ten counties, and fur a population of net
more thnn eighty thousand or seventy-five thou
sand, there are thirty millions of dollars worth of
food, or four hundred dollars worth of food to
each mouth men, women, and children to
. which is to be added the original allowance
of fifty bushels of sweet and fifty of Irish
potatoes, one hundred bushels of corn or fifty of
.wheat, twenty of peSs,' to be received by
each farmer; and to this is again to be added
the numerous articles of household supply, of
poultry, game, fish, egg?, butter, lard, veget
able", &c, not tithed at- $U.
Why, with t!iis state of .things, should there
K" any scarcity . f food t any one in the third
district, much les- any d inger of starvation ?
i'.Hf' iuures ta-iiiut l-e over the mark, and
they are ut.der it, to the extent that any unfair
praatit-e withholds the tenth if any article
:uo to tho government.
Wu will be gl.ul 5 Titl e Quartermasters
will i.if nn u.N for the public benefit, of the
:e:pts in tS.c r various ili-trijts, of tl fferent
unicN-j. thatuo may work out xaetly how
much of 1-kkI there is in the land;imlif
nectary, the names of these who have it ;
f.r the tithe !a.v will te I usjhis.. If it does
turn out that there is no real scarcity, then do
oxjuj-e will rt'in.'iiii for the dishonest extor
ti ; whi-.h reduces the po.r to tho necessity
t.f b.ggliu;.
'I hen v.iil be incumbent ou those having
authority to U press, to protect the comma.
nity against extortionate prices. . To
- ' A
-day we
bushel !
s-aw sweet potah es at forty dollars a
Sneh demands ought no', to be tolerated.
We shall not entef at present on the Tithe
Law. Tho more that is felt of it in the' army,
the more bci.cdicinl it appears. This country
would b. iu a naist lamentable and unhappy
oinlition, if the suggestions of the Progress
w !e rceivt J and acted on; fur instead of
tiit!vio and ascertaining the-opr ration of this
law, lUvJlrogress fires away its blundeibuss
at ti e whole tiling. Happily, the cartridges
arc blank.
Our Necessities and Duties.
M st cordially da we concur in 'the sentU
Hieiit expressed by our able coteniporary, the
Atlanta d r., llogister ; "At this moment we
are rally inn our stiength for 18G4. Our prcs
P"cts were never so bright ; our armies never
so string ; cur people' never more confident.
The ut.iversal fMclingisto sutiia the Cimfed
craeyjust now, and simply for tlie reason,
that everything must be lost by abandoning
jt. The people prefer risks, and wisely, too,
fom that, quarter rather than those involved
in dissensions Itetwecu the Stat' and Confcde
rU3n. We lay it down as a Used principle
that no issue should bz m-ide at tuis moaie it
with tlie Confederate authorlts unless on
s.imet!ing vital to our success i" the struggle
i"ilh our enemies. We cannot, at this junc
ture, mike an isne' which. strengthens the
1. ir.ds of our enemies. Such a course is sim
ply suicidal. In God's name, lei us have har
i:iy .of actios, unity of purp se. Lot us not,
I y our dissen.-ions, give confidence and stteugth
;o tho.o who would arufthilate rjot only .the
l ights of the states, but destroy the value of
i;:o its.ii." :
Xoblc Deeds. .
Wc have just heard of one, of many "good
actions at the hands of our frter.d James M.
l'arrott, of Lenoir, which deserves. the public
commendation. Mr. Parrott had just purchas
ed sotivj hundred barrels of cvra, at about'fifty
dollars a barrel, for his own u?o when a poor
u.imn who had six daughters, each one
having a husband in the army; presented ner
Eclf to luy a little corn, fhtreupon our
generous friend gave to her thirty barrels !
five for each of the soldier's wives. This act
of charity is do uneornmon' thing with. Mr.
Parrott. He has been one of thosa whose
liberal and generous deeds have been unstinted
during thewar. An excellent farmer, he hs
managed to raise, good crops, has always sold
at reasonable prices to government and indi
viduals, and is open-handed tothd poor. Such,
men are valuable adjuncts to the cause, . and
thtir usefulness will be remembered.
erch -23rd, we set fcrth jn I
an article undor the title " Whai Ntirih Car-
the present Governor's election, aud. in thq
election of members of the Legislature.
- A very dangerous faction had arisen in the
party galling itself Conservative, under- the
lead of Mr! Holden, whose purposes were '.
iu uur paper u
t- ... . . . - I - - L. 4 vA Scrap trow Hurroffri We nil the ml
0I. Srmooim. ow TmtcK: nitht cog; impute blanVlo j on We g Jn tf AZta$M0 :U W
views jpi that fclaof actKid wi. concurrence, en(,.ot ft st it postlfy &f pyl nKintwittoo to interfered-We thoiight it fejJost after liHiVtoiH,a!-f Wash-
whichyoul iaable jffix&fortfeji$iuc art5 tIiiatofdf tfeesjljtifie hipj tfjarge thaa meeting, whereeverybodV was Jjn,.ihVMnuh &r fe-tvernmept
elemlitt ef ib Stlech mijjit hh to filt ostf!jed fro time lirnjgp -iticH GSi. Vince, should bra up because it ; .f!"-?"1.' su.?1 Pa SU
sdUtkm, ..esdtemeDt;-niicttmi' if tlir1-
Government, and a Convention, with a view
to enter Upon some separate State actions that
would sever North Carolina Inm the Confede
racy, anoj disgrace and ruin the Ste and her
people. Besides -this unwise and criminal
purpose, Mr. Holden, the leader, had another
of 7iis own, and that was the elevation of
Mr, Holden, or at least the manufacture, -.for
NI him of the additional notoriety of btin,
besides a self-made man, a self-mo.de can
didate. . -
It is said that " loathe very hour and instant
of. a man's birth, one exactly similar to hint
self in spirit and form, is born also ; and that
some hidden and mysterious- sympathy exists
between the substantial and tfiia ideal Jac
simile" Doubting very much the philosophy
ol this doctrio'j, wc can readily understand
the morar that underlies it. There are some
men who manage through life to establish and
maintain (to the entire exclusion of the outside
world) the fondest and closest relations with
some shadow of ihemselces; which they foster
and cherish as the highest of earthly obliga
tions. As a politician, Mr. Holden is emi-.
jiently cne of this cl ;us ; and we verily believe
there has never been a moment of his political
life when that other Mr. Holden was absent
froni his view. It was in this ipirit.of self
worship, that the srlf-made man became the
self-made candidate. Mr. Holdeu and-his
factin raiseJ no political issues with Gov. J
Vance; they " did not separate politically or
personally" all remained conservative bu't
Mr. Holden wanted to be Governor, and so"
j 44 put up " himself. '
In this coTi-lition of things, the Confed
erates, or, as they are called, " destructives,"
have a choice to make. 'They have no can
didate; they have no wish to runone ; they
W(u!d prefer, if Mr. Holden would have al
lowed it, to let Gov. Vance be-re-elecied, aud
abide conservative rule for two years longer
vindictive and prosciiptive as it was in the.
hope that Gov. Vance would prove hor,est
aiid patriotic," as Mr. Holdeu -said he was.
litit they were not allowed ; ajtl now having
a ciioi: e to make, they prefer to vote for
Gov. Vance, because lie 'is 1 yl, trua, "and
unburthened w'ith the praises of the yafl
kee, and the distrust of our own people.
This Confederate party to-day holds the
late of the State so far as the elections are
concerned in its own-hand ; for Gov. Vance
will not beat Mr. Holden more than thirty or
thirty-five thousand. The thirty thousand
loyal men who voted for Col. Johnston, two
years ago, together- with the many who
; voted for Col. Vance or! personal grounds,
and becau.-e he was a soldier, can elect Gov..
I Vance, or defeat him. Indeed, fctrotlgtheued
as.it already is, and will be, by the success
! that will attend this sprit)!? campaign, the'
Confederate party might elect a candidate of
its own. Scales, .Hoke, Clingman, Ransom,
Gordon, Cox, Grimes, Avery, Garrett, and
many.-others of the army, or many a civilian
xpp might be named, could readily muster the
whole strength. But wc have carefully en
deavored to find out the wish and intention ;.
and there seems to be but one desire, rul "
that is to avoid political agitation, and to
secure in the ofSce cf Governor and . in the
members of the Legislature, " true mcu,
faithful men, fearless men men who are. for
the independence of thc.Confederacy, at what
ever cost." This seems. to us to be the uni
versal vojee of loyalty from every quarter.
There can then be no difficulty in. harmo
nizing this common desire into a common ac
tion. This will be done by the avoidance of
extraneous questions, and the confinement in
meetings and assemblies of the public' action55
to the re-nomination of Gov.i Vance, ami the
selectjon of fit and proper candidates to rep
resent this loyal sentiment of the Stat.
It will be a grave error-ror even worse, a fault
if a rnuliiplicity of candidates in any of the
counties secures the election of Mr. Holden 's as- "
sociates. In no other way can any such be elec
ted, Uuless men prefer themselves to the cause
aud thus get in the way, there will not be in
tfee net Legislature a single man who will
avow himself as one of Mr. Hold en's. rlHiw
cfT. rts, of this faction .of . agitators and their
chief, the self-made, to .fix Gov. Vance :-.s a
"destructive." is loo stale vom .out. n.ero
is not an old shoe on the most barefoyi boy of
the Rapidan, that Las not more sole io it tt.au
this ''flat and unprofitable trick.'' it was one
of Mr Ho'den's earliest inventions this "fix
ing" of a political adversary ; and it is now
the last-straw. - Let him cling to it. It's only
a traw. It -Would'nt bear the weight of a
feather much less a load of political sin.
To Correspondents. In answer to or
Correspondent at Macon Depot, relative to the
"Invalid Corps'" we woulil state that we pub
lished an article a short time since, in which
we stated that the Act; passed by Congress
does apply to those- who were disabled and
discharged previous to the passage of the act.
We appreciate the extracts from private
letters written by soldiers to their friends at
Lome, which are frequently sent to us for pub
lication ; but when they allude to private in
dividuals disparagingly, we can cc . no good . ,
that will grow lout of parading them before
tho public.
Jndgre Pearson's letter.
We published this letter .as we found it in
as the style- of these opinions, no less than
other matter, left with us no alternative of
approbation, It has oocurredto us that per
haps Judge Pearson may?ta?bad this -n;efs
ia his wbeti' 4e spiasl of newspaper'
moa with very mny, whose suspicions arid
" v , . ..... .. .
cn&trust weieexciiea by tne tacts, tuat a cum
mon; felamor, fama. clamosa ascribed to Judge
Pearson a.ifrilHngness to near causes of - com
plaint against the Government, came they
from whatever quarter they might ; that
when-" fie might have -retnrns made before
nearer and more convenient Judges, be woufd
cause the returns to be made before himself,
at an inconvenient distance, thoreby subject
ing officials of the Government discharging
military duty at 'important posts, to leave
tbeir placeeand come t Bichmond Hill ; arjd
thai on causes so flight he woild isua at
tachments for contempt ; that when the party
would appear to show cause, he would then
tell them they .needed not tohave come ; we
began to apprehend danger from Judge Pear
son's, position. . -
Fama clamosa also said- tbat such was "the
Judge's facility for deciding against the Gov
ernment, that lawyers had began to avoW
other Judges and go only to him- M my
things were said; and to these was added-the
extraordinary decision in Waltor.'s case ; a
.decision but little just to the legal capacity or
scholastic dignity of Judge Pearson ; a deci
sion at variance wyh every, other one made
in the Confederacy, and wholly incommensu
rate as a dissenting opinion, either in style or
argument,- with. the gravity of the .occasion
or the importance of. the question. . All this,
we criticised, and sometimes perhaps followed
the Judge id the style .adopted. If merely
we seemed to be lacking in respect, tlie set
off is to be founds in the compliment of our
imitation. The Judge says: " I have L as
much at stake as any of ihem, and God knows
I love our country its well. " We accept this
recognition of the staki at issue, and this
pledge f patriotic devotion, with keen satis
faction. " Ifc will carry great' weight. If it
did not come soon enough t i originate the
cheerfulness now abundant - in the popular
heart, or to inspire tho determination -now
existing, it will -come' in aid of the Press of
North Carolina that Las done much in aid of
Gov; Vance, who followed up the blows of
the press, of the re-enlistment of -our soldiers
of the late failures of the enemy arid of our
successes. If it be a little too late to aid' in
killing agitation, it will assist to prevent its
.reviyal. We yield to the sensibleasstiaace
from Judge-Pearson, that " the only way is
io iighl it out there is no use in talking about'
peace unfit one side or the other is whipped.
The idea of North Carolina leaving Mr sister
Stales in the larch, is out of the question, v our
concurrence. Indeed he" .might have gone
further, wi'h our approbation and said thdt -
sto leave her sisters, would Jbe base and d1s
honorable, - ' . -
We conclude wifh this observation ; we are
one of those who Wbld in the very highest
respect the Judiciary of North Care lina ; and
we are wont to feel a reverence for the indi
vidual ' wearer of the ermine. This is in
stinctive with us, from our love of the law ;
and there b'a'vt? r.eve- been any relations with
Judge Pearson which would mako this kindly-
feeling wantii'ff towards. him. Now that we
6tst.d on the same ground of. patiiotic devo
tion towards out struggling country, "there is
nothing ia the way of our mutual esteem, that
we as e aware of.
Moretruderhand Work.
We were loth to believe that even in his des
perate strait, Mr. Holden would resort to, the
system he has so much and so repeatedly con
demned, of issuing surreptitious and secret
documents; nd we were astonished when it
came to light, that he was editing Lis own
cause in the Raleigh Standard, which has secret
ly circulated about for a week or. more before it
bore date ; not furnished regularly to his sub
scribers,, nor to his exchanges, the latter of
whom were entitled, by his own request, to its
earliest copies. We now hear of more deviation
f ron fairness, which -we shalldikewise refuse to
credit unless it is proved, as in the last instance
We are told that Secret Circulars &re being sent
in large quantities to the array ! They are said
to be printed at tbe Standard or Progress office,
and are not sent through the mail, bub-are for
warJed with the boxes of provisions to the sol
diers. We phall soon know if these things be
true. All wjll come out. This is to be an open
eauvass, and an open election. No dissembling
wi.l avail. The test will be applied by the peo
1 1 . If all this be true, what an estimate must
be put upon the people of North Carolina. It
is, , if true, the only remaining specimen of
ankeeisms now in vogue in the South. We
shall soon know all about it. .
General Orders.
We are in receipt of a beautiful copy of-a
work entitled General Orders from the -Adjutant
and inspector General's Office, Con
federate States'Army, from January 1862, to
December 1863." It is a large book" of 276
pages, and .must be invaluable o all officers
connected with the army. Evans & Cogswell,
Columbia, 8. C. Price not stated.
- Bobbing Around.
When Mr. Leach, lateLt. Col. of Kirkland's
regiment, dodged the ayes and noes nigh on to
five hundred tfmes in one session, as Mr.
Holden says he did, what a head work he must
have had of it. It jnust have been bobbing
around" pretty well all the time. Only to
look at him nigh on fire bundled dodges !
Raleigh Standard.
No bullet will ever hit such a head.
I 1 ii. i .1 lil "3!K. . . .i tf f I r - . t
Blame.
In our notice oT. the Wilson meetingr, we
the difference arose ot the question of appro
ving the administration. It seems thecon verse
was the truth ; the difficulty grew out of an -
unwMOafltd improper- effort to iass jcnsure-
iooihl President. . , M.?. 'U
Intrude such
an attempt into these sneetinga for general
harmouy.' Whenever they come, the author
may be set, ddwn as for Mr. Holden in dis
guise. It is 'well understood that there are
certain 'initiated men, who areto favoF Gov.
Vance apparently, but .really work and vote
forIr. Holdeu. These men will bo found it
rfjeetings as the introducers of agitating reso
lutioDS, to divide the assembly oq outside
issues, Ine trientis of Mr. JJavisTlo not care
to put him on trial in this contest. He has
.again and again been unaniritously approved
by North Carolina. The world admires7 his
high career, and. history holds for him a tablet
of imperishable fame. The best approval of
his administration, is to elect " true, faithful,
fearless men," to aid and support him.iu the
maintenance of the cause.
But whib his fr'ends do not care to elicit,
approbations, or to mate capital by strata
gems, they will never be brought to bear part
in his condemnation ; they can afford to waive
political partizansliip for the public good
cah support a bitter and proscriptive oppor "
nent,' under tlve promptings of patriotism;;
they can united with "thoj-e who eppoe Mr. ,
Hold.cn for his general course, for his mis
chievous and dangerous agitation, and his
,T ' xi. - i
Vafjce for his honrst suoport of tlte national
.-. - -
But they will couple- with this support .rp
violation of princijle, such as an upbraidal of
a cherished leader, the very front of our Hope,
aud the representative mm of the nation.
If this be attempted, it will end the connex
ion, and then Mr. Hclden will not be elected
a" third candidate .will be presented, and
then Mr. Holden will be retired off the track
and some new man better qualified for thQ
occasion, Mr. James M. Leach, late Lieut. Col.
of Kirkland's regiment, perhaps, who Mr.
Holden says is "a political trickster; dodger 450
times, demagogue, know nothiug and black
republican " and ' Hollenite' my be en
tered aud run, and, perchance, elected 1 This
would bea pretty spot of wotkt
. i m-r
IujpartAHt to Conscripts.
It will'be teen by reference o our ad vert ise
ing fc lumns, that the recent order from the
Bureau of Conscription, known as ".Circular
No. 13," has bee.i revoked by another issued
on the 5th inst. The order requires com
mandants of conscripts under the act of the
last Congress, to retain out of the reserve class
es a sufficient number to compose their camp
gunrds and supporting force, and to proceed
at once to oiganize iuto companies persons of
the reserve classes already, enrolled.
Proper lendczvous will.. be selected, and all
porsons of the reserve classes" ore ordered to
report at such rendezvous on the lGth pi
April, to be organized into companies, and to
elect company officers. Th ge who fail lb
report at the rendezvous on the day appoint
ed will be enrolled and assigned to .duty at
the discretion of tlie commandant. ' ,
A Consistent Governor. The Charleston
Courier says no Executive .of Georgia ever
tl aimed or exercised sich powers as Governor
Brown has done. In the very .message which
so violently impeached the good faith and in
tegri y of the Administration, he asks to be
voted with powers over the property of citi
zens which were never yet conferred upon a
constitutional Chief Magistrate. He asks for'
power to seize property upon "reasonable
ground of suspicion that it has been used in
violation of .la wf He wants the power to
annul, commissions th power to impress
provisions, in xases Where the Constitution
dps not convey it (he power to coinptl the
renicval of property, and the power to take
possession of and control Hny of the railroads
of the State, with" their rolling stock, &c. "
. - x .
DeBow's Review is soon to be revived.. It
will be published by Evans & Cogswell, Co
lumbia, S. C. The first number4 will be is
.sued in July. Letters relating to the business
or; editorial of: the work may, we learn, be
addressed to B. F. DcBow,. Columbia, S. 'C.
or to J. D. B. D-Bow, Columbus, Miss. Lite
rary and other eontributions are solicited. '
Terms of subscription 10 for 6 months,
$5 per quarter, payable in advance. Retail
price of siugle numbers $1,75. Booksellers
and others sending their orders, accompanied '
jvith the cash, will be allowed a discount of
a x
33 per cent.. -
The editor appeals to the press-of the Con
federacy to extend this notice, editorially, and
send their journals to -Columbia, S. C, in
exchange for tbc Review m
Open Toting.
The soldiers could not have hit upon a more
manly expedient for ascertaining individual
loyalty, and at the same time exhibiting their
own soldierly independence, -than the one they
I we determined on ; to wit,-1 j vote open tickets
Their significant come out -of that fold up, '
will fetch many a secret sympathizer unto agita
tion, who won't stand the public exposure.
Let them vote this way on the 2nd Thursday,
of April, and Mr. Leach will have the satisfac
tion of knowing what soldiers think of the late
Lt. Coljnel of the 21st, Kirkland's regiment.
. . . .
CosrvEBfcioN. An English paper announces
the conversion to Christianity of Joseph.
Barker, long known on both sides of the At-
lan tic as one of the ablest and most malignant
dfamers of the Bible, and these who believe
in it as a divine revelation. .
I
MlSCELLAEOlti ITEMS.
tuallv given to blow uaauddfstroy the Wash
ington Arsenal, aud the Tnit lions upon milU
ions of. dollars' worth of war "material," lo
prevent, them from falling mto the hands cf
the rebels." .''"'
The Ilocbestcr Daily Union, which ptib-
1 Itsbrs the'abbve; tlaimn to have smcIi nuthor-
ity for the ftement as to preclude all doubts
of its correctness, and to warrant the pre
sumption that it will not be disputed by. the
only parties-who are competent to give 'tes
timony on the subject, to wit : the hnjb offik
cials of the government.
We have no doubt of its truth or that it
could -be established by eviJenje.. If the com
mittees of Congress had not proved to be
combinations for the;suppre.-il of trvtfh, th,
testimony, could readily be . brought lefore
them.' . v . - ; - - -
The Bishops of: the Method'st Episcopal
ChaTch, in the Confederate States, wilt hold
their aunual meeting in Montgomery, on the
4ihofMy. Bishops Andrew, Pierce, Paine
and Early are expected to be present. Bishops
Soule and Kavan augh are wilhin the enemy's
line, and though thoroughly-loyal to th South,
will baunuhle to attend. ; They are enajed
in caring for the church (what remains oi it)
in "the border States. At the same time and
place, the Missionary Board aud the Publish
ing Committee will hold their aunual meeting.
These meetings for consultation and business
used toT be ' held in'Nashyille. A delegate
from each of the annual Conferences will meet,
in joint session, with the Bishops and B ar l
for advice and suggestion, as to the interests of
Southern Methodism. This Cburicil is a
temporary epedieut in lieu of. the' General
Cor.fereucc a quorum, .of which cannot now
be got together on account of the state of the
country on the border and in. the trans.-Missis
sippi region, which embraces a large portion
I ct thf? membership
,4 .- . ;
Exemptions from Taxation..
People say
that the new Confederate tax law is hard to
runde'rftand, nud we suppose it is, considering
j the. number of explanations called for. Some
persons are under the impression that an ex
emption of a certain amount, will be allowed
for each head of a family, minor child, soldier,.
&o without regardo the amount of property
they own But they are mis'akeD, and if
they will look at'the law it will be seen that
the exemption does"uot apply to any person
whose property, exclusive of household .f urni
ture, shall bj3 assessed at a value exceeding
one thousaud dollars." In other words, f
person who 'owns more than one thousand"
dollars'; worth of property (nbt counting tho
value of his furniture) is not entitled to any
exemption at all.
- 3isiinrp Atkinson's APpojntmfnts.
SpRfNG Visitation of 1864. Bishop Atkin
son is compelled by sicklies to recall his
Appointments alrea-ty issued, aud to substi
tute the following, viz: . .
Wilmington, April 17th; Buckish, April
20th; Fayettevide. April 2 1st; St. Marks,
Deep Uiier, April 23 i ;' Pittglxorough, April
24th;Ch;ipel Hill, April 26th; Graham,
'April 28th; Hillsboro', April 20th ; Haleigh,
May 1st"; Goldsboro', May 3d; Kjuston, May
4t'h ; Wilson, May Cth , Tarboro May 8ih ;
JSeotlahd Xeck(My 10th ; IranTax. May 12th ;
W'eidon, My 13th; Gaston, May 15th;
Henderson, May 17th.
Death of Mrs. Boone, of China. The
Chin ch Journal says: Xo friend of foreign
missions will read-without deep grief the an
nouncement that the accomplished ami de
voted wito of Bishop Boone, whose heilthhas
for a long time been gradually failing, de
parted this lifo at Suez, on, her way home to
this country, an 1, was there buried, the service
of the church being read over her rem eins by
the English Consul." - ' -
Eastern Teiessee A New State Or
ganization. It has heretofore been stated
that a Convention has been appointed to be
held at Knoxville ou tbe Kth of this month,
ft is claimed that the people of the thirty-ono
counties cast of the Cumberland mountains
hail, in a legal manner, announced their pre
ference for the N iithern Government by a
majority of twenty thousand votes ; and as
that section of the .Stntc contained the requi-
fcito uuuiber of in- abitauts prescribed by tho
Constitution to insure admittance into1he
Union as a new St;A this Convention, in their
mcmoiial to tlie Suite .Government, claimed
the right of separation from the old State, and
admittance into .the Union on an equal footing
with Kansas Territory.' -
This is no uoubt a plan of Lincoln to count
another State in the electoral vote. The same
is true of Western Virginia. The game at
r Washington is a very transparent one, and it
will doubtless bedis"putea by all ot Lincoln s
rivals, as these new States are supposed to be
under hii influence aud at . the back, of his
Presidential aspirations.
;The Kentucky Ejection. Our readers
will remember that he Board of Examiners
to compare the polls of the late election for
Congressmen froni the State of Kentucky, met
at Macorf, "Georgia, on the day prescribed by
laWj and declared the result. All of the old
nV-iiibers were re-elected except J. W. Crock
ett, in the 21 district, who was succeeded by
Triplett ; G. B. Hodge, in the 8th district, by
Humphrey Marshall ; and B. j. Breckinridge,
in the 11th district, by Bradley.
Since the aiUiouuceaierit of the result by the
Board, the' vote cast at Pickton, Ky,", have
bcerr received, and change the result io the
2d district, so as to elect &lorrU instead oi
Triplett. .
Mexican Affairs. The Philadelphia -quiver
puts a gloomy phase on Mexicau affairs.
One by one tbe State3 arc won over to the,-
Imperialists. Juarez still refuses to resign
tho Presidency. Viddauri has betrayed Jua
rez and joined tbe Imperialists. The StateW
Yucatan .has declaud for the Imperialists, who
are steadily capturing towns and villages.
The Last Chascb Te End The Wab.
Now that Grant is in the place of power, it
is the country's duty to sustain him iu it,
heart aud sou!. Around this great leader the
country must rally, with the last man and the
last dollar, to end the tvar at once ; for if we
do not end it now we 'necer can. Aew York
Herald.
Flag of Tp.cce Bjats ARRivED.-The U.
S. steamers New lorJfcand Express arrived at
City Point, oor yesterday, from Fortress Men- I
roe, having on board Col; ry, Capt. liuckner,
Capt7 Wilson, Lieut. Breckinridge, Monsieur
Van Grouing, Italian Vice Consul, nineteen
ladies, fifteen tops of faight, and despatches !
for Jndge Ould, Agent of Rxahange. These j
steamers will carry back several hundred con
valescent Yankee prisoners, who will be set h
down to City IViuttu-morrcw. Enquirer ,lh. vi
J j.01 W l.rt:"ipaaV heen addressed by
res of the BepBrtment It will be seen that
precautions are, Ukfin tQ subserve the inditi l.
ual epovenience of cltfzens as far as possible :
- '."Each' of tha Depositaries shall orrand after
the 2d day of April,' proceed to distribute tho
first parcels of the new issues of Treasury notes
with which he shall be forniehed, by paying out
to eh separate applicant one hundred dolltrs
of new issues in exchange for one hundred an l
fifty dollars of eld.H'
A Plajn Spoken Yankeh The Washington
Chronirii of the 23tb,.ls very much displeased
withjthe tone o'f thp foil wing psragrnphs, which
it copies from the Democratic Watchman, a cop
perhead paper, published by P. Gray Meek, at
Bellefoute, Pennsylvania:
We can scarcely go into a house in tho
North where some of the property of Southern
ladies is not seen in possession of women who
have sent forth their brethren and friends to
plunder and devastate tbe Sotatb.v Books, mu
sical instruments, and everything portable, aro
stolen, wherever our armies march, and con
veyed North. This crusade upon the women
of the South, is urged on by thefr sisters in tho
North, and -we have heard threats from females
which th.most brutal eoldierin the army would
scorn tcr execute. In every town, "village,
steamboat and railroad car, all over tho land,
will be found tbe fairest sex advocating the de
struction of their sisters of tbe South. We can
ouly account for it by supposing that th devil
has sought to destroy the human family through
the same medium he used five thousand years
ago.' It is horrible and cannot fail to bring up
on us the wrath of Heaven." .
To XX. We answered you last week hon
estly and openly. If you think hard of us for
telling you our honest opinion' that we belicvo
the .Southern Confederacy is a y fixed fact,"
then the next time you wish information on that
subject, inquire of. somebody that believes the
peopk of the South are cowards, and cm ba
made slaves by Abraham Lincoln or any other
Abolitionist, and not of us."
44 We have received of T. B. Preston & Bro's.,
the well-knbjrrt publishers of Pbilidelphia, tho
"Life and Services of Ben.. Butler. It contains
all his orders since he has been an officer of
the United States service; also his early lifo
and career as k lawyer, with a portrait for 2
cents. If our readers wish to preserve the re
cord of this thief and persecutor of women, they
woum do well to purcuaso this book of Pres
ton & Bro's;"
A It MY NKWS.
' Tenxkssek. The most encouraging ac
counts hae recently bfeti received from tho
army of Teunessee. which hasb' en most hap
pily inspired by Johustoii. Tlie enemy re
mains qiiut in his entrenchments at Kinggold
g:p. Our .p,si,M,ri ft described us very
stroii, with a drain of hills in our front;
aud it iss;iid it c-'uld only bo Hanked by a
great sacrifice M men on the part ol the enemy.
A correspondent suggests that the enemy will
inaugurate the opening of " the campaign by
-civalry raids aud reconoHsance ia luavy
force ; and that the grand object being Atlanta,
he will evident! make an cll'oit to get posses
sion of the Georgia State road, onh stroy it is'
as tircut offcommunieation. But wo sh dl
probibly know in ten or fiftoen days tho
enemy's defcigns iu this dcpartni'.'iit.
Forrest's VrcT.my at Unton City. Tlw
Memphis Bulletin, of the 26th, siys: "Krom
the officers of the steamer Glasgow, which ar
rived at a late hour last night, tve learn t-hat
on Thursday mornii; a fori of Cn federates,
estimated at &ix thousand, under General
Forrest, tnacie their appearance at Union City,
where was stationed a cavalry force of somo
eight hundred men. For a time there was
heavy skirnjshing. but the odds being sr
great, and a flag of trjuce Mming . in from
General Forrest demanding the surrender of
tho post ai.d garrison, it. was deemed best to
do so. and the post capituhfted at 1 1 o'clock
A. M."
Gk.v. Puick. The Memphis JIull-tin puh
Hhes au order of Maj. Grn. l'iic, in which
he assumes command of tbe Department of
Arkansas. We learn that the news of Gen.
Price being in command in Arkansas was
received wjtuutnusiastic demoustraiious by
the iMisoun'as at Dtnu p lis. The whoio
camp sent up a tremendous and long contin
ued sliout, and the boys th.-h hauled out tho
big guns and made the welkingring with tho
thunders of artillery.
It is uriderftxHl that they have signed a
unanimous petition to tho War Departacnt
to be sent over the river.
From the Bapidan. A private letter
from Gen. Lee's army, states that it has been
r iuit g and .snowi.ig thciiffor several days
alternately. The writer, who had just re
turned from picket duty on the river, finy.,
We just had a heavy march of twelve miles
through mud and water knte deep. It snow
ed last night and this morning aud is raining
now.
Alt is qtilft in front of tho aimy, but tho
enemy seem to be. busily preparing for the
coming campaign..
Tho citizens of East Tennessee, are under
goiug nv.re cruel tie.itmnt by the enemy
than at nny peri d of the war. Th Yankees
arc euroliing r.egro men, as weH as orncn,
for different branches of th seTvicc. Their
owners are held responsible for th-ir delivery
vhu calleil for.
.It would bo imprudent to mention any
thing -of the movements oT Gen. Lougsrroct's ,
army, or the rensons therefor. The enemy
may ascertain this lor thein-elves.
We learn that the damage which Sherman's
expedition inflicted noon the railroads in
Mississippi hive already l-eu rep aire I, and
Oat, therefore, thoy ruut have bceu'much loss
tnaat brst reported. The Mobt.c and uit
railroad is now in running- order. Tho
promptness and energy xbibit4-d in getting
thisrartl. in running 'order cuks Weil f-r
those who had it in charge. . But twenty-fivo
I working day s com titctcd that which the Yan
i kees boastfully said would take bix months to
repair. Ihe Selma road is also in running
order to Meridian.
.
For The Confederate.
I am well pleased with the Confederate,
and would lik it better if it could prevail oa
Gov. Vance to. send us all the Militia officers,
Constables and Magistrates urder 43. I he
lieve precisely witjfthe 55th North Carolina
regiment, and I also beLcve that the Governor
will lose more votes for kesmnir them at Ucmo
than for any thins ehsc ha has ever dot e ; for
it is causing aud has' caused much dissatisfac
lion in tlie army. . If the Governor will put
in, bemro the ejection, all of them he wiU bo
eieciea oy xmc army, n ne wtii-uo iuai,
believe he will gel niue-teuths vi the SGth
regiment.
J.
Tsirt words waka no frietids : a epoonful of
oney will catch more flies than a gallon ot
vinegar.