From the Petersburg Express, Jafic tO.
Another .Exciting Day.
Darin- U (emptor Kauts Cavalry to Cap
tare Petersbnrs Tiicy Charge and take
the HreastTrcrfcsThclr Final. KcpuUc
and Defeat.
Yesterday was'' another day of excitement
in tir midst, ami brd Hi lie 'else wes done by
our citizens than ta prcpa.. for iht stern reali-tb-s
of" tiie crisis whW . stared them in the fee.
It will i)o rtc.4!e'.!cl that v,e stated in Wednes
day's i.Mi j ihe zp7(si, when noticing the
skirmish which occurred on two roads in
Ji'Vo George eouoty, Ihe eveuiug previous,
l!iey ere but ihe precursors of more' for
iwi(!aMc"iVnKii)traliocs, which in all proba
bility would soon threaten us. Oar opinion
proved couecr. nod the formidable ieinoKStra
tiot s were i.ot l'Jfcj: de'.iytd. .
Yk.st:rlay. :nrrt,in id 1 o'clock, three dis
tort charts cf rfn:is!, .vero hear I in the ui
rt riioT- i f the'er.em) J6 whereabouts, and at ear
!v dawn onr pickets were driven in cn City
l.it,t ami Prince Gcn.?eC. H. rca Is.- It was
.!!h. (fj Ki.tly ascertained that - thsss - move
mti.i'a ere but icints to deceive our forces,
while lh? real movement in' the surprise and
a iiJie of the city was n the J ru dem Plank
r- o- co.i.ing into IVterwbnr::, fm;n a tout he r
iv tiirfcii n. Cn the tw first named roads,
t!.e cnr inv appeared in cootdder.toie numbers,
ii e.uiv as .-even o'cl ick. i bibh skirmish
int: ', !;tpt up fvr j-i i:.c tiyie. At tiirht
?ch ck, e Courth.or.-f'xi d ppn1 hcu.e bells
v. re runif. t which t; e cit'Z; ns respnTrded
wi : li thf ir ririuitt alacrity, and Hnvdfesied every
tiiajMj-i;i-.n to deiend tlnir huriics t-.ndfiret-idus.
Iu tiit inf-.iu'ime, the euf m o mU'iils as
.:; ded the Appomattox, find orx r.f 1 a tin ions
lire on Clifton, ur.d at various other
points along the liver, f;r the ouvhus purpose
of i ooupying tho attention of our troops iu
( 'inttcniId. -
At oii.e o'clock, our pickets on the Jerns.v
lr-m Plank Road were drive n in, and before
tor, the enemy showed himself in overwhelm
ing numbers, 'ft! hug th- road, and the woods
ou b-jth t-ides. Our i i: v. o;ks hve extend
ed f.'uni the fr.-'.ieiice oi , iuiolt.v lUves, Eqs.,
o:i the left ,to u'-d across the road r.nd teyrrd
the L"i!o o! Mr. Win. A. Greg ry, on the
lilit. The enemy mai avjvnd tar a while,
thinking probably that our raw troops would
;d;;i,do:i their position viihciit a light. But
u.vcrwere Yankee invaders more mistaken.
Our men were inp.do of sterner s!:iff, and in
spiivd by the eool dotemiit'iation of their Gen."
tJuibton rtild Col;
H. Archer, maintained
th.ir ground like vs-'terfci.s. Fi!;a!!y the enc
:r.y -r h-r-d a eh rgo, and came down to our
I re.tworks with a yell, their drawn, sabres
i'lashini; in the suniiht. When within fhrty
paces of the lori ideations, the order to fire was
i,'iven. aod the Yankees rec"i!ed,aud fell back.
A prisoner taken, subsepiently, states that
in this charge, the notorious 8teare led, and
that they had forty wounded and two killed.
This charge was repeated twice, but with like
ieults, when ti e enemy lvsorwd to theflank
fi! nmcess, which by reason of' his over
wheimi:. nunibers, he was enabled to do
with, much ease A short time afterwards a
regiment came around Iliver' house ou our
left, another appeared on our right, and a
);ire be-dy came down in front. We had but
170 men all told, e.i;d it was impossible with
this nu mbtr to guard cemre, riid.t and left,
along a length oi three qu.atcrs of a mile or
juoio. i'he order was. given to retreat, and
iu a fev. mir.uiet-- the enemy had pissessioa of
i ttr wetks,our camn, and were in fall pursuit
f our iyeu. Couriers had been despatched
i-r reiuh-rcements, but tbey did not come up
i i tiie.e to i-ave our fortiSc.itions, and many
of iVter.-burg's lest and most yallant sans,
tell in the affray, some killed, and others
wouidt-d.
The cnernv cams m iu double column, v. ith
Kibres dra'-vn, until ihcv readied the h'll on-pot-lte
the Vaier Works, where they planted
a c.itmon for t!ie purpose .f shelling the city.
Tht-y then started down the hill, tiieir a-lvaneo
eoiuinu f ctuaiiy Uwk possession of a bridge
which erodes Povvli's liun at tlri foot of the
Water Works Hfll.
Th'y were almost in Petersburg could see
its sp irt s aral stieples, and many of the houses
on cur suburban limits but aaia that Divine
arm which has bten so often, outstretched in
our behalf, w is bare.l, aMd our city was saved
trom thu tread of tho ruthless invader. Just
at this opportune moment, Graham's Cittery
reached the Ucservwir lliil, uniimbered in an
biitaf.t, and with a petciien and rapidity
which we have herd spoken of ?is beiug al
most without percedeut, threw into the ranks
of the enemy a shower of shell. The missiles
of death comiiig so unexpaclediy to the foe, ho
at first teemed' overwhelmed with surprise and
halted, neither advancing or retreating". B it
a minute or two liter, another br.iueh of our
service made in appearance, which quickly
determined the enemv ?"s to tha 'oed crjJirse
tir him to pursue. Deariug's Cavalry Brig
;uu: quickiy dismounted, and descending the
hill with a yell, charged upon the enemy in
b.-autiful style. This was more than they
ex! eted (sn co thvy had ene.untered but a
fev.-militia in. the breastworks, and had ad
vanct d nearly a mile, without seeing any regu
larsi and they instautly wheeled their horses
and started back up the hill in great confu
sion. Graham's Battery continued to play
upt-n them, and Bearing's men crowed the
ravine and ascended - the, opposite -..hill, in
gallant style, their carbines keeping'. up a
regular and most musical fusilade upouivautz
and Speare, and their rapidly retreating fol
lowers. Upon reaching tho top of the op-pctite-
hill, the enemy hoped to make a stand, .
as here another column, which they had sent
on to the city for the purpose of entering
v v, Blandtord Church road, hove in sight,
i t:o.: column had also started on a rotro
- o. remeut, for to their surprise too,
i " v !., encountered Sturdivant's Battery,
. n i i -i-.e out by another road, and
; !. m e'ss met and continued their
it ,- :-r erl not at all slackened by
' Iro h-.il and balls which were
!'.'; !.. ;civ .n 1 at among them. In Jack-.-
. ;;i :d. -a tt.ii or s j from B! an ford Church,
w ' -;: or i a handsome caDnon and six
' wielj tne enemy were compelled to
aLaudou in their flight. Our forces pursued
them for a few miles, killing and wounding
many, and taking some prisoners.
Yesterday, after noon late, our pickets ex
tended for fceveral miles out on the Jerusalem
Plank li-wid, but no signs of the enemy could
be seen, and it is supposed tbey have retreated
to the river. This is only supposition, how
ewr, and the vandals will bear constant and
vigilant watching. ... "
-Gen. Kautz was in command cf this force,
and prisoners taken variously estimate it at
from three, to five thousand. None put the
number at less than three thousand, and some
say that it tvas even more than, five thousand.
There is no doubt but that it was intended to
capture this city, and all the circumstances are
strongly corroborative of this view. Thanks
to a kind Providence, who has nerved the
hearts and strengthened the hands of cur
brave men, we have been again preserved.
The enemy crept up behind the rcaidene
of Mr. Wru. A. Gregory, ascended to the roof,
and knocking ojf tbo shingles, we;e enabled
not only to obtain nn excellent; view, and
cerUin tho number of forces; Jbnt through Uta
openings thus made, fired qpon and kblcd
many of our men behind the1 breastworks.
Tne residence of Timothy .IDTefEs., fell .
into the possesion of tha invaders, after out
forces recreated, and the scoundrels not only
ransacked, and robbed it of all its valuable
contents, but then, applied the torch, and burnt -it
to the ground. They also carried Mr Bdveg
off a prisoner.
The foregoiag are enbstanlUlly all the facts
connected with this buid - attempt capture
Pcftrsho.rg, so Tat as wo have been enabled to
collect them, but the saddest part of oar state
ment yet remain unrecorded. Petersburg 8
braves and btt biovl riow't-d freely yester
day j Rud ruany a bouamhold has been plnnged
the mot-t incor soiable grief. We wit- ,
uessed scenes yesterday aflcrnijn, which we
trust we m y. never witness again. AH who
have been to stricken, have the consolation a
ad one it is truebut nevertheless, it is con
soling to know, that those ' who have been so
suddenly snatched from them, fell in a glorious -cause.
Their memories will ever be held in
grateful recollection by our people, and this
whole commuuity deeply sympathize with
the bereaved. The following is a list of the
killed and woundedt- which, with great eare,
we have obtained, and which we believe to "
be correct :
KLLI.UD.
Prof Rtaubly, Pressor of French in the
Petersburg Female Colige, formerly of Ran
dolph Alaeon.
Lieut Wales Hurt, ag.-d 18, a son of the
late Branch T Hurl, aad a gallant yot'ih.
John K r.ieud, eldest &m of cur late Post
master, Wm N -Friend, bh(. Deceased leaves
a wife and one child.
Wm C Bannister, for many years an ac
countant in - he Rxohau;re Bank, and one of our '
best citizens, lie ieai es a large family.
George B Joues, a prominent druggist, of
Petersburg, and a mo.-t excellent man.
John Crowder, of this city, a noble youth.
George K Conway, of Prince George.
Wm Daniels, of Prince George, a youth.
He was killed by a bayonet thrust through
the breast, and his head was severely mui
latod with the butt of a musket.
E P Brown, of Sturdivant's Battery from
Albemarle.
WOUXDED.
Henry A Blanks, cf ths city, seriously in
boxly and arm.
Dr. Wm. B'jllinghu m, of Petersburg, a
prominent Vntist, severely. in side.
Wm. Ho 'a aid, a clerk at the bookstore a?
Richard Riches. , .
Wm A Meanley, of this city, shot in three
places, severely.
Robt A Martin, of the firm of Martin, Tan
nahill & Co., shot in the-arm.
Wm T McCandiish, merchant of this city, .
shot iu the baud and prisoner.
Rich'd A Harrison, of this city, shot through
the hand.
Samuel Hall, hat merchant of Petersburg,
shot in the thigh, severely.
W H Hardee, merchant of Petersburg, in
the leg below the knee since amputated.
Lieut Geo V Scott, of this city, severely in
face and leg.
I or bourn eT Page, of this city, in the hand.
Ad'jt Guy G Johnson, shot in tha bowels
feared ujorialiy woundvd. ,
Joseph Cooper, wn of Joseph H Cooper,
Esq., of this city, wounded and a prisoner.
A C Harrison, of this city, slightly in the
arm.
Richard M dry, fonv.eily of Hampton, but
now of Petersburg, in the thighs in two
places not mortal.
C L Bfirtlett, Professor of Music, in three
places, severely.
A S Shafcr, of Petersburg, in leg, slightly.
Nathan Pritehard, of this city, slightly.
Wm F Johnson, of Albemarle, Sturdivant's
Baitcry,) through the head supposed mor
tally. Wm Griffith, of Price George, wounded in
both thighs.
James Kane, of Princs George, in the leg.
captuued.
Rev Win A Kali, Cnaplain Washington
New Orleans Artillery.
Professor Carr, of the Petersburg Female
College.
James Boisseau, merchant of this city.
James Kerr, ot Petersburg.
Timothy Rives t Prince George.
Sam'l Jones, of Prince George C.
PRISONERS CAPTURED.
The following prisoners were brought in at
an early honr veaterday afternoon :
William TompkSs, Co. F, 11th Penn.
Cavalry, commanded by Col. Speare; Solo
mon Saxton, do ; John L'Jgaa, Co. D. same,
regiment, and Peter White, bugler, of the same
regiment.
These men all agree that the expedition
was for the purpose of capturing Petersburg.
They say that Gen. Kautz was in command,
and that Col. Speare was along.
They left Bermuda Hundreds at half-past
10 o'clock, on Wednesday night, and crossed
on a pontoon bridge three miles this side of
Cuy Point.
The Express of Saturday contains other par
ticulars of interest, from which we glean the
following: Rev. Mr. Hall, chaplain, who was
taken prisoner, made his escape, and reports
thirty prisoners taken by the yankees, nearly
all of whom belonged to the militia force and
are residents of Petersburg. He recollects on
ly the following : A. M. Keilly, Rev. J. A.
Jefferson, J. H. Lachmeyer, John Jdcllwaine,
JohnE. Smith, Thos. D. Davidson, W: T.
Davis, "Jas. Kerr, (slightly wonnded in side,)
John Davidson, J. E. Wolf, Peyton Alfriend,
J. B. Stephens, W. T. ileCandlish, (slightly
wounded,) Richd.McCandlish, Timothy Rives,
Thos. H. Daniel and Mr. Chalkley.
The following are missing and supposed to
be captureo' : E. A. Broadnax, Mr. Kinsman,
and Jos. Peebles.
We captured- two pieces of caonon and
eleven horses, and killed thirteen, which were '
found, after the yankees retreated.
Among the citizens of Petersburg reported
among the wouaded above, two have since
died. G. G. Johnston and H. A. Blanks.
W. H. Hardee is in a very precarious condi-r
tion and his recovery considered doubtful.
Dr. Bellingham, Sam'l Hall, W. A. Manly
"and G. V. Scctt, suffering greatly from iheir
wounds. "
Additional wounded James H. Cooper
wounded and in the enemy's hands, . Richard
Bogby not dangerous, Willie Howard, arm am
putated. . ' -
I The enemy's total casualties 150.
From Staunton
The Lynchburg Virginian, of Wednesday'
We received some additional ! particulars,
thrush Grn. leera. last evening of affairs in
uih y aiiey. ., xae lankees took possession of
cjiai4uiii -9A xyro o'clock on Monday. Jl bey
claim to have capture tQO prisoners, "includ
ing 53 commissioned officers.' Among these
is. Colonel Brown, who was badly wounded.
Crook has joined Hunter, and "their united
forces are reported to be about 14,000.
Cob OTerreil was sent with a flag- of truce
to the enemy to ask for .the bodv or General
I Jones, aDd was assured that no had . been de-
vcuuy irnerroti ana ms gr.4ve marKed.
Tne Yankees admittexl to Col. O'Ferreli that
thoy had been roughly handled.
It is not supposed that tbey will be able to
occupy Staunton long, but we refrain making
publication of the position or number of the
forces that may be relied upon to clear the
Valley of these marauders.
We find the following in the Charlottesville
Chronicle of Tuesday ;
Lieut, vlo?. E. Mallory reached here last
night, having left the Mountain Top at Rock
fish Gap about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
He states that the fight begau at Piedmont,
(near New Hope) at eight o'clock on Sunday
morning, and lasted uutil three. We were
very successtui, repulsing tne enemy a num
ber of times, their loss beiug three to our one.
About three o'cloek, the 60th Va. Regimeut,
frorn some cause not known, broke in con
fusion, and our line was thrown into disorder.
Gen. Jones fell, it is feared killed. The army
lei I back halt a mile, and then reformed and
retired in good order upon Waynesborough,
bringing ofl everything except the oead and
badly wounded, the enemy being too mue'i
cri ppled to press us at all.
Gen. Vaughn's headquarters are at Waynes
boro, and our army confident of their ability
to hold their position. Gen. McCausland with
a brigade of cavalry moved from Buffalo Gap
about daylight yesterday morning to etlect a
junction with Vaughn.
We also learn that the Staunton operator,
who has. located at -Rock fish Gap, reported
yesterday evening that the enemy entered
Staunton Monday morning at half past 9
o'clock,
THE FIGHT NEAR STAUNTON.
The Lynchburg Republican of Thursday,
says :
From a gentleman who left Staunton at 10
o'clock Monday morning, and who had every
source of correct information at his command,
we learn, that the fight was-a very severb one,
and for some time had progressed very suc
cessfully for us, the enemy having been several
times repulsed, when sn a sudden, from some
unexplained cause, the COth Va. regiment,
which held an important point on our line,
broke in confusion and thus caused other por
tions of our line to give way. ' At this momeut
Gen. Wm. E. Jocs was killed while en
deavoring to rally the broken regiment. His
fall created additional contusion of which the
enemy were prompt to avail themselves. The
entire line then fell back about two miles and
held their position until night, the enemy not
pursuing. Finding that the enemy were not
disposed to renew the battle the command was
given to fall back upon Waynesboro', which
was done in good order, our artillery and trains
being all brought off safely. '
Ail accounts concur-in the opinion that but
for the unfortunate panic of the 60th regiment,
we should have achieved a brilliant victory.
lhe enemy had been three times repulsed, and
their line was wavering, and it is believed had
our men stood firm for fifteen minutes longer
they would have broken and retreated, whea
this disastrous panic inspired them with re
newed courage and enabled their officers to
rally their dispirited columns and snatch the
victory from our grasp.
Our losses iu the .fight were heavier than
reported yesterday, it uow being stated that
wc h'jd from 500 to GOO killed and wounded.
A flag of truce was sent to the Yankee
Geueral Hunter, Monday morning to ascer
tain the late of General Jones. He answered
that he was killed, having been shot through
the head, and that his body had been decently
buried, and his grave marked that his friends
might reclaim his remains. He also stated
that he held as prisoners, 58 commissioned of
ficers and 700 privates. Among the officers
were Colonel Brown, commanding McCau's-
land's brigade, who was badly wounded, Col.
Jones of Vaughn's brigade, and Col. Aiken, of
the 59th Tenn., the latter erroneously reported
kilred, but who is unhnrt, and Capt. iL. Boyd
Faulkner, of the 45th Va. regiment. If this
be true it will make our total losses sum up
some ioUU.or 14UU, a serious disaster, out one
which we feel well assured will be speedily
and fully retri&ved. .Lt. Col. Beckley of the
45th Va. battalliou, was badly wounded. In
addition to the losses in the field, we under
stand that there vtere about 1000 of our sick
and wounded in Staunton who were captured
and paroled. The yankee losses in killed and
woupued, while quttelarger were not so heavy
as ours, iney coniess, nowever, to naving
been severely' punished. We took no prison
ers. General Runter occupied Staunton Monday
evening, and it is believed that Crook s force
with Averill's cavalry, joined him during ihat
day. Neither of-these latter were in the fight.
Bv the occupation of Staunton we shall lose
seme government stores,' but notatnountiug to
any great deal. The loss to private parties
will, it is feared, be considerable.
Of the movements of the enemy since the
occupation of-Staunton we have no authentic
information, nor have we heard any conjec
tures as to -their probable intentions. We
think, however, as stated yesterday, that their
power for any lurthGranischieFis lost.
FROM THE VALLEY. .
The Charlottsville Chronicle, of Wednesday,
says: "
A courier who arrived here about dusk last
evening, Trom Waynesboro', reports that noth
ing further has occurred in that quarter be
tween the armies. He understood that Gen.
Hunter did not take possession of Staunton
until 3 p. m. on Monday. The pickets of his
army extend out from Staunton within about
six miles of Waynesboro". Our loss in the
battle he reports as quite heavy. Gen. lmbo
den is not captured as reported.
A Town Meeting was held yesterday even
. ng for the purpose of making arrangements
to effect an organization for the defence of
the city in the event of an attack by the
enemy. . Arrangements were enterd into to
give, efficiency to such an organization ; and
the occasion calls for the prompt and hearty
co-operation of all who are willing to fight
for their homes, their wives, mothers and
children. ' . Tht noble and successful exam
ple set by the gallant citizens of Petersburg,
demonstrates how 'efficient, such a force for
! home defence can be made.
Additional from the North.
We conti nu to gfi ther some interesting news
of oar files of Northern papers 'Off the 4th hi-
tinttr- ri-' VV . ':.
TE YANKEE ARMIES TO UE CONCENTRATEOw
The cry of concentration is beiag gotten, up
in i the 'North in the hope that in "tho union'bf
their forces they will ba able to carry the two '
greatest points in the campaign Richmond
and Atlanta, The Philadelphia Enquirer in
urging the policy says : .
. A dispatch to the Cincinnati Gazette, from
Meadow Bluffs, West Virginia, states that
Gen. Crooks' command has started on its
second expedition." this time, it is believed, to
join the army of the Potomac. It is also an
Bounced that Gen. Hunter, in command of
Sigel's army, is moving in the same direction,
while the army of the Northwest, under Gen.
Pope, it is said, is on the way to reinforce the
army of the Potomac. All these movements
show that concentration is now the order of
the day, and that the strength to overthrow
the rebellion is to be found in the union of
our armies. Gen. Grant will soon have an
army which it will be impossib'o for L?e,
with all the forces in the South at his com
mand, to resist, and short work will be made
oftheseige of Richmond. This concentration,
we apprehend, is the true principle of deter
mined, vigorous warfare.- It yives strength,
and strength under the command of such a
General as Grant, must bring victory; as sure- "
ly as effect follow cause.
Gen. A. J. Smith, with his command, it is
also said, is cn route for Chattanooga, perhaps
to reinforco Sherman, while at the sain- time
the latter is being strengthened from every
available source. The rebels are no doubt
pursuiug the same policy, and in a very short
time the contending forces onrboth sides will
be massed at the two great objective points of
the campaign, Rich mo fid and Atlanta, and the
defe.n of the rebels at byth places will bo Wa
terloo defeats.
BUTLER'S OPERATIONS WHAT WERE HIS IN
STRUCTIONS. '
A semi-official letter in the New York.
Tribune, written from Butler's headquarters,
give some important news of the operations
on the SDuthside. The correspondent says
that the instructions given to Gen; Butler for
the guidance of the movement up the James
river were, in substance :
1st. To land at a point above Fort Powha
tan and march for City Point,-or above, so as
to secure a base for supplies on James river.
2d, To demonstrate toward Richmond, and,
if posible, destroy the Petersburg and Rich
mond railroad, but to do nothing that would
endanger his position on the river.
It was understood that When a landing had
been effected, and the force should be ready
to move forward, rein for cements were to be
sent to enable General Butler to push strongly
toward Richmond.
The correspondent then proceeds to show
what he has done. H 1 says :
General Butler gathered an expedition o1
thirty to forty thousand men at York town
and Gloucester Point. The expedition was
admirably fitted out, and ready to move
promptly, at tho specified time. Thu rebels,
through the devices of General But er, were
completely blinded as to the destination of the
force.
This anny was moved a distance of one
hundred and forty miles and ten thousand of
the troops landed inside rf twenty-four hours.
Possession was taken of Wilson's vsharf on the
north and Fort Powhatan on th south hanlr of
the Jauies river; and then General Butler bold
ly pushed for City Point aad Bermuda Hundred
in his transports, at each cf which places he
landed without orpositiou. He had thus se
cured a new base of supplies and the work of
fortifyiug the line was at once commenced. Re
couuoissances were at once sent out to ascertain
the force of the enemy, and for the next twelve
days there was more or less fighting every day.
The occupation of this line and the continued
fighting kept a force of thirty thousand men
busily employed. The destruction of the rail
road was so complete that for tweuty one days
no trains ran over the road. It was part of the
original plan that a junction was to be effected
between Grant and Butler, with this place as a
base of supplies. .
The stubborn resistance of Lee prolonged
Geaeral Grant's campaign from ten-to twenty
six days, and also prevented General Butler from
receiving reinforcements left at Point Lookout,
which, iu the exigencies of the case, were sent
to the arsny of the Potomac. Geueral Butler
was determined to keep Beauregard's force
busy, and iu his eagerness he made the attack
before' his defeusive works had been completed.
The detention of Grant, information of which
was sent to General Butler 'while he was before
the defences of Rich raoud, and the strength bf
those defences rendered it imperative that the
troops should return and make strong his origi- "
nal position, so that in no case should, that be
lost, it being important to hold this place as a
future base of supplies. v The statement that .
General Gilmore had advised intrenching Union,
forces in frout of the defenses of Fart Darling
is contradicted by a letter from that officer, in'
which he says he not only did not advise, but
that, in his opinion, it was no place for in
trenching. ' , ' ' ' .
After hi9 return, General Butler worked his .
men day aud night ou the defences, until in the
opinion of his engineers his position was sufiici- -ently
strong to be held by a reduced force,
meaning to create a mobile column of twenty
thousand men for offensive operations against
Petersburg. . At the time the latter arrangement
was complete!, orders were received from
Washington to send every available man, leav
ing sufficient to hold the line to the Whie House,
under General Smith, to establish new base -
af supplies. General Butler, although he had
his pontoons laid across the Appomattox, and
his troops were to march that night upon Peters
burg, at once decided , to hold the line with the
lame and the halt, and 'send forward all that
possibly could be spared to aid. Grant.. -The
facts are tnat uenerai uatier nas iuuy carried
out his part of the plan, and also done all that
he could to annoy, harass and employ the troops
in front of him. He has also sent more rein
forcements to Grant than Beauregard has to
Lee, and has put at least ten ' thousand cf the
enemy hora de combat. '
Arrival op Captured "Arms;-; We no
ticed at the depot of the Bichmond and -Fredericksburg
railroad, yesterday,- eight or
ten freight cars loaded exclusively with Yan
kee muskets, brought from the battle-fields
near Spottsylvania .C. H.- W learn from
Col. Baldwin, Chief of Ordnance for the ar
my cf Gen. Lee, that we have already se
cured 13 000 Yankee muskets on the battle
field in Spottsylvania, and 4,000 in Chester
field, in addition ta five pieces of. artillery,
including three twenty pound Parrotts and
two Napoleons- Bichmond Examiner.
. It is said, that Ma j. Gen. Wade Hampton
bas killed twenty-two men in hand to baud
fights. He . always goes into battle in ad-
vance o! his troops, generally has the first
blow, aud does yeoman's share of the conflict.
TELEGRAPHIC.
v. 'v .' '
REPORTS OF THE PUE8S ASSOCIATION.
Entered-acorduijC to actpf Congress in, the real
18C3, by J. S. $aASHE in the Clerk's office
of thsr District CbSrt of tie Confederate States
for tka NorthrtDiatrtcfr3f Oeorjria. :
From Gen. fre's Army.
Abut Northers Va., Jnne 13, 5 p. m.
Grant has again changed his base. lie began
moving to our right la?t night about dark, and
began crossing at Long-Bridge, about twenty
miles feelow Richmond, on tho Chickahia!ny, this'
morning. Oar cavalry - fought tho enemj's ad
vance near Riddle's Shop, about fiiftcen miles be
low here, this morning. Our men, owing to
supeiior numbers of the. enemy, were compelled to
give back. ,The enemy were landing supplies and
reinforcements jast below Malvern Bill last night.
No general engagement to-day. About one hun
dree and fifty prisoners were captured to day in
tho enemy's abandoned breastworks, and have
been brought in.
From Western Va,, and 8?chntor.d. .
Richmond; 13, a. m.
Telegraphic' communication " with Lynehbarg
unbroken. Nothing additional . from Sheridan.
Heavy firing at Bottom's Bridge this morning.
From North Georgia.
Atlanta, Junj 13.
The position of affairs at the front unchanged
for two days, with occasional slight ekirmiihing
and firing on working parties. Rumors of a raid
upon Atlanta via Roswell, reached here Saturday.
Ample preparations are made to .receive them.
No signs of their appeal ance at the present time.
The weather very cool and incessantly wet for two
days past.
second dispatch. '
Atlanta, June IS.
Advices from tho front say that the recent rains
have nude the roads almost impassable., suspend
ing all movements in both armies.- Neither has
fired a gun for two days. Yankee traius are run
ning to A ck worth to-day. Indications of a new
flank movent on the part of the yankees, have
transpired. Our lines are strong and troops re
cjvered from recent fasigues.
FroKi the Trnns-Mlssfsslppl.
Richmond, June 13.
Official despatches from Gen. S. D. Lee, say. the
battle at Tishomingo creek was one of the most
signal victories of the war. Besides a wagon
train, twelve pieces of artillery were captu ed.
The rout of the enemy was complete. Forrest
was iu closo vigorous pursuit. ' '
m
SbCOSD DISPATCH. J .
Clintox, La., June 13.
The remains of Banks' army is on the west side
of the river, near Port Hudson. Constant skir.
mishing between them and onr forces in the rear
of the- point. Couppe Parish, by order of the
Yankee commander, has been desolated houses,
crops and every thing burnt, and the people have
to beg provisions from the enemy or starve. One
lady, Mrs. Catlett, has been killed by. the enemy.
The Yankeees are demoralized and deserting in
large numbers, selling their horses and equipments
for whatever they can get. Threthonsand troops
have come up from New Orleans to reinforce the
enemy, who are constantly dreading an attack.'
Confederate Congress.
Richmond, Jane 13.
The most liurtaut cii"i u riner iiou3es of
Congress to-day, was the passage of the bil
amending the tax laws, reported from the Com.
mittee of, Conference. Among the provisions of
the bill as passed, are the following: Land pur
chased and occupied by refugees to be assessed at
the market value in 1860. Property assets of
corporations and associations to bo taxed the same
as property assets of individuals, tho tax be.
paid. by the Company, provided uo bank shall
pay) tax upon deposits. -The Stock of Corpora
tions or associations and all property within tho
enemy's lines exempted from taxation'.' ' Five per
cent tax on amount of specie, bills Of exchange,
fee, to be paid with specie or its equivalent in
Treasurv notes. An cdditional tax of thirty per
cent is levied upon Vis amount of profits on the
sale of articles mentioned in first',two paragraphs,
ourth section of ta act, from Febaary 17th to
July first. Old five dollar notes to -be taxed one
hundred per cent-after the first -f 'January next.
secokd dispatch. '
V
In secret session on Friday night, Congress
adopted a manifesto, declaring, that nothing is
more ardently desired than peace. The series of
successes with which it has pleased the Almighty
to bless our arms, since the openjagtof the present
campaign, enables us to profess this desire in the
interest of civilization and humanity, without
the danger of having our motives sfrisiuterpreted.
The world must now see we catTTSever be con
quered. Will not onr adversaries begin to feel
that humanity has bled long frtiOwgh and. 'desist
from a longer perseverance in Wanton, hope
less contest. The war on our'jMfe'aai been strict ly
defensive. We do not wishito-titerfere with
the peace, or prosperity of the- mates " arrayed
against us. All we' ask Is the undisturbed enjoy
ment of our rights, which our common ancestors
declared the equal heritage of all parties to the
social compact. If our adversaries turn a deaf
ear to the voice of reason and justice, and shall
determine upon an indefinite prf ioagation of the
contest, upon them be the- responsibility of a de
ebioa o injurious to the interests of mankind.
We have no fear of the result.
Hoke's Brigade. 1
Near Gaines' Mill, June 7, 1864. J
Editors Confederate: Oti Friday night about
10 o'clock, a furious attack was made by the
enemy upon that part of out-line defended by
the divisions of Gens. HokefBrecicinridge and
Finnigan. For an 'hour the roar . of artillery
and musketry was awfully grand and exciting.
As soon as the storm of battle had tolled,
Gen. Hoke sent ' word along the line to our
left, "AH's well." Tib surprising how Intel
ligenee may be thus speedily carried along the
line of battle in this way, one man pronounc
ing it "after another. The enemy had "been
driven back, with great slaughter, at all points.
For the balance of the night, eotnparativo qui
et reigned. -
On Saturday the usual and continual crack
of the sbaishooteT' rifles, with occasional
salutes of artillery, prevailed all day: About
10 o'clock at night, each army thought the
other was advancing to the attack, near the
point of Cold Harbor,- and for some time we
had the stillness of the night, disturbed by
some of the heaviest firing- oTfousketry and
artillery that we have yet hiarftm the Chick -hominy
; in the affair, but Life harm is said
to have been done. tl.''v,; "
' On Sunday night, the otbrant fell back
oa his right wing, abandoning hia' breast works
for some distance This move seems to have
been made in haalo and confusion, fron
plunder left b?hind. Kirly's division fo-;.
ed him up in tursuit, rapturing about !..
prisoners. We hr.d caW-m ced a liu'e i:v v
than a mile when v.-c t an to fed tU u !
woik wiiii n mii ttpprkite, Rn ill", j-, it
i .i ... . . . ..i.i i ". l
evenn g in:; enemy tsjrniis,;cr.- nvrc
back open tht line of battle. O tite ;; jV...
ber of out br.ivu Cimiiaians were wou:..'
this sharp j-idrmu-h, and 1 am torry to rr;-j
it, that G.'o.e A. Th mps-on, uf A'. it.;.;;, ".
C;h R-g., was killed. ' No better s .di- r ; ,l
fallen in this i4cp:el wsr." ( Jr i;it i.s .--ri'i f'i
i; i .
MiC!eli-i: I, virM t ) 'olnne hi hi'-"' t j
James r-v-.i-." Tl.i inornbig onr cvi-s -
. . . . - -. ... ' .. , " 1 Oti
iuo:iij; in iuq sumo uiiecuoil, ami Vcrv
in iuu ewiiiiu tin ciiioii, mm very .!..;rr
imMjinj h.ih iva a-Siug tiutM divli'y
tear tia'nis mid. h-o Jar as ih-s :u:iy is,, -,
corned.. I can kiv in th lii'in.o of ;.."
Hoki., at iIiccIo.-h; of the fight on l-Vid.vt-i
-AU is well." ShlM l '
R
" UN AWAY from the Subscriber, m t!i- r-i''
V of the 1st inst, THliKB' .XEGIiO liOi V:
oddest, .IT.f. U 23 vcirs of a-re. five ;.. . ; i
or ten inches hi;h, of a copner c.lor. a tv.ld j.'t
pudeut, swn.iriinair ; had on when, he l.-it
black wo.l t ut. dark eoppcras-colorod ott n
pants, ol J Ja: lz plaid eA.iojei f coat, new tMi t and
a pair of'b-)uts.
on when he lett, a black f'louch hat. ,n h um i
abour, white wc!en pants well worn, n'v shi;t,
and was fit her b.'.n-footen' or had on a verv ii.;-; i.
or pair of .s'i.i-.
ALl'.Lur. eighteen years cf a-je, ebouv r,,.
or, toat built, lire fvettaur or five inche s Li - 'u
had on whn he left, an o-d blaek slouch hat, r.cv
shirt, bin navy cloth pants well worn, bari f'..i led,
and rather of FL'!hn look.
T heso ueroes were purchased a few weeks tuc9
io. AnjiiHin, (i. . Jin awd Tom havi:- b-.va
connected with th army, are evidtntlr cii.1cr.vor
ing to either mako their v. av to the ai iav of Vir
ginia, or n gvit within the' Var.k lints, liv
huadrcl dtlars reward will be jriven fur the ir tic
livery in Shelby, Clevrland cc.unty, X. C, or nU
hundred dollars ahead for their capture and e ;i
linenient in anv jail wh re 1 mar pet th-m.
0. i cubvr.ii.
Shelby, X. C. Jun? 3, lSCt. 110 ut t
Raleigh papers pleae insert one week an J s?:;d
bill.
Wanted, a Situation as a Teacher.
t W'ISU to obtain a situation as a Teaclur, tifh-
er of a public or private school. I am a gradu
ate of the University of North Carolina, and havo
had souio experience ia teachinr.
References The Faeultv ot th'o fniverfitr ;
Iloa. W. 11. Battle, Chapel Hill ; J. HuttMn Wil
liams. Esq., Warrenton.
Address EDWIiD HIXKR,
june I19-3taw2w Italnfrh, .. C.
TO THE CITIZENS, SOLIUEUS AXU tf'-FUGEE-S
OF PASQUOTANK COUXTV.
WE are authorized to announce GEO. V.
lllNTOrr, a candidate to represent Pas
quotank county in tho next llauia of Coianions.
ma 10-8-dtwfcwte
To the Yotrrs of C;;l.-.Tb.i Coantj'.
FELLOW C I T I Z E N S AND Tt RUTH E It
SOLDIERS By the rpquest of rnjny frier.ds,
T snnminci tnrci!f n p.indi.l.ilj for Sheriff it
r?taiihn i-nnntr. It i- ri.ll Irnnwn t'l.'i.t I 1inv
been a soldier for nearly two 'years ; and t-houlJ I
be elected, an.4 e?cap-i the d.ugers of this mm-
mer campaijru, 1 will cnJ.avr to serve ynu ti
the best of toy ability. Ian truly in hojus to
bar of a larre majority in favor of your obedient
servant, on tne nrst llmrsday in .uu-t nit. I
am vour son and brother,
CALVIN' HUNSrCKKR.
A private in Co. D, Malletfs Battalion, lately
assigned to Co. I, 9ih 2i. C. lieiiu(.r.
june 15-2j-Ct
NOTICE.
To t7ie Sol iers and Citizens refers) of
Cannh-n County, A. 7
At the solicitation of xn:v frirnil, I have con
sented to b.enuin a CHr.did:vts j,,r rn-ih etin to
represent the eour.ty of Cftinden 5,, ,, ou,,!
Conuuons in the next Legislature .Vorth Car
olina. Should you aain honor ii? ;t;( yull
euffrnpr'S atid ile:t , I cau only prnnii - lJ
you an iudep-. a.Jer.t aiid faithful represent.!. ,
and serve -u rnl the State with IId-lity, to thl
be.t ') u;v ability ; ot all occasions t be in inr
pi ac ' carefully jruarcMnj; the ioteret ani bonr
of the State ami ray constituents f- far as it H in
lay-power. Harii)r heard of no char-ri? ma
against my jist cjndiiet as Keprcoeiitativ, and
b?idt s my opinions and action. in this war are
so well known 10 you all, tint 1 deem it entirtly
unnecessary to tay mere, and leave it with tha
voters to dcidi as theyjn.yv think, b-.'st.
Most rcfpectfullr, vour obedi-nt servant,
ma 19 f0-lawivr WM. A. DCKK.
For the Senate.
To thf. Citt'z! wl Softlt'r of the Cmtntiei f
Woihinytou ' unl Xlartin, ronjoin the Eiyhti
Senttforntl Uihtr'f t of Sorih Vnroliua :
Fr.u.rw Citi7.i:3 : At the solicitation of ruany
frWnds, I bare consented to becomo a canlilat
for re election, to rcprient you in xn. State S-;r.-ate
in the nest Legislature." Should you aL-aia
honor nae with your su tirades, ani elect me, 1 cau
only promw to" make you a faithful and tiue u v
resontative: to serve you and the State to t!:
beet of roy r.'oility, and a all occasion? to be in
my pice,"carefuli"y sruardiu the iutere.tund 1k;:i
or of the State, and wy constituent?, as far .a it
Is In my pnwer.
Havintr heard of no charge? being made aj:iin-t
my pat oJliciti I conduct, as your reprwntatlv;
aiid 11TV opiaioi.5 and actions on this war bein o
tfell known to you all, that I deem it entirely uu-noee--sary
to say more; and therefor contn.t
myself with learinsr it to you, tho voters, todocido
as you way think bet-t.
Yours rcfpfTtfu'lr,
JOS. 0. CAI'.RAWAY.
Junel, 1864 13-w'it r
Chovan County,
WC are requested to announce Capt. WM.
BAU1IA.M, a candidate for a seat in the
House of Commons from Chowan county at the
next election. ' jalO-Ufi-d3tiw2t
OFFICE OF.BOARD O.V SLAVE-CLAIMS',
, Rirhmond, Va., April IS, 1464. j
PARTIES interested are hereby notified, that
the Board of Officers appointed "to examine
into and report on the justice and the amount of
claims" for loos of slaves, which have been tm-
fdessedby Confederate authorities, or under State
aws, for thfc'use of the Confederate jrovernment,
and, while engaged in laboring on tho public de
fences, have escaped to the enemy, or dit-d, or
contracted diseases which have have, after thir
discharge fbsulted fatally," is organized at Rich
mond, and bss commenced its regular sessions.
Evidnce:of owner ship, of tho fact of ica
pressment, of the ae, soundness and value of tke
slave at the time pf impressment ; and of the Iij
of tie slave, whether by escape or death, witk
tbrcircuustances attending the same, must accou
'pmy th claims. , .
'All the facts must be set forth ia, and verified
by affidavit of competent witnesses.
Claims thos. authenticated and avouched, may
be addressed to CpL J. D. WAD DHL,
Tresident Slave-Claims Board,
Box 1,455, Richmond, Va.
fSTZ The Board is in rcsaion daily. (Sundays
excepted, ) on the fourth floor of Euker s building,
on Main stret second door below 9th, on north
side. .; ;. . - . ' ap 26-77-dUwlw
l$25-STOP THE TIIIBF.
nary work order, and has a sore on the top of her
TOM, sixteen y.ars of ace, light copper c-.I-.t
fivet'evtliv,; or six inch. hi h, bin rp featun-.l'
(piitc iut:!i:B- !r.t, and h ulng been with th" ?:;'
Ins -methi:.o' militarv air in his ndiros : h'A
STOLEN from my Stables on the-nhjht of the
31st ultimo, one bay Mare, 9 years old, about
14 hands high, right hind foot white to fetlock
inint. and a tat in ih farthead. She WSJ In ordl-
1
necJK, caufeit by the collar, ai wuuu ymw "''
about four inches of the mane cut off. No other
marks recollected. The above reward will be pai
for her delivery to me, or such information as ui&o
lead to her recovery. - ,
Pacific P. O., X. C, ju 6-li2-d3U.8