THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. May IS, 1S4.
THE VERY LATEST.
The very l itest newsla!t nsht (12 o'clock,)
was that the colli tun of Yarfkees a?d to be
marching from Hanover Junction ot Rich
moud at Dover Mill, ou the James riv
er, tintfen miles above Richmond, evidently
detcrmrricJ to cut the canal, and, perhaps, to
t-msa-thfl river anil cut the Danville railroad.
There was nothing beside this up to the hour
t putting our pper to prcs.
XilF. N LWM OK THE FlOll? OK YESTERDAY ON'
Tlir. s.UTnlIE. A GATHERED Fllott FEK
M THE HEI.I.
Tlv invit-tti. n frm 0lofel Gill, tbe popu
lar KUM'itii(u'iduut of the i'eter&burg railroad,
.ue of .jf reporters funned one of a prty of
..:re twelve or &eit g M.t'frr.,M which If ft
the c'.ty es.e:diy afternoon in a .special train,
f r :i rpcnrii5snnre orr the rod as far ad
Chester. They priceeded without encoun
tering anything of inttrerest a far as the
hriua over over Kirkland's creel. a distance
i.f Hora9 nine - rail from the city. There
,,,v fvmd the timber on fire which had
1 ecn tVHd all through that country. . t clear
die approt Ii of lite tverui lines f fortifica
?'..., sca'tered here and thre and covering
.res in extent, and the (limes hinsht 4 and
:r.icklinj in th air. Th-1 rir" finned by the
KTnri breeze lh.it blew from the ws hid
I een c i.uiuu3catel to the hti'lg?, and the
paiiy, by ih-" a-1 vice f 3L G:!l, declined to
cr-..-.s th- brido, fo.uiug tha it miht be
h )lv l"s'royl l-fore they iuld retnr.
After a p-oi-e cl'u lew niorm-j.t-"at the b'ridp,
.1 lar;;e :ti:nl er of t r- vver yvi enm
h: d'ivv.j th? tr.ick of the rnilrorvl They
j.r ivf '. to :? ,ir'i v:u wponmt'd in
r r.r fi'rht, f ?? e morning, and fmm whom&omo'
V'Ty intriesli'ntf pa'ihnilarrt ol U were ieoned.
If. uppers tuit enly yesterday morning
tici.t ral Rtm-oru determined to mak a reoon
i.isrt.uif with two' brigades for hr ptirpo.se of
r.'-f-rtainMi the position and strength of the
1 finv. 5'r. "'i . they fi o'ifi' roi' ih
1 ii.uv abui twn. mi!- ir n the I ''-Way
s
llou
if
'1! 1 bf
tor'.o'K- ..! r-iir.id,
h ri-j r c.'mo.'iu
.1
11 1
mindioi iri u'ru. Oar f.ir.-s -ut I (T
ll vrtoii ni!l tiruL-.y'.-. Lrij:!t,, i' lit-'is It'it
.'!e occnp ini the ri ;V,ind h t't of t!:e tnrn
pike. ar 1 trrv's ptiM nn the loft of them.
After a s'.rn ticiiit tin- enemy was lriv(-ri to
his f6rtitieations,a distance of u ii.iio and a half.
As koou a tliy te'uu.l Le'an, the Xn.th and
li.e Fifth-third Viri:.i:v dah'in upon the
enemy's lines making to 1 than two
charif? and finally pressed ihem lick to
their fortitkatiuus. Iu the pui'.uitof Ihe enn
ui v our men captured a bativ-rv aud a lae
n:i:nber of entrenching Vna, hut as the horses
of the hatterv hid bnpi ki!i"d, tlie guns could
nt be brought olf. In a liiument lar:e num--btrs
ot reiutorcenieMts of the enemy wt-re seen
couiing up. and it beinr f iimd that they were
Nttempt iug a (lank -movement, our men were
l' .rcv-d to frill back.
The object oi too leconuaiaincn being ac
. ( iiii;is'Le i, and the cii( iuy being found in a
;:"--:tiu.i strongly f.-rtifi-'d and ir. gre;it tutuc,
i;v rnr.T) rrtir.'d. As thev fell buck they ve
; ,itcd!.r otf-red ii enmv" battle, hot he d u"-
, d .ii to a v I it hor vti.ti'.r.i to f jjntv our
.p.. -ui nach of Li fcrtificath)!..
' .; ' i M-;r t" 0 lnrti'rrd and fifty in
t -1 1 h', I n-..undcfl. f-T".i of thp wiunri-d
ivn'H K'rne uf the tifM by tiH AtnbuSance
i rps. OA tx Cabc 11, of the Thirty-eighth
';riui i, is reported mortally wound -d.
in pris-ooeis vc cajiturwl about a luindred,
; p'll. nt, rerhsips, pome Hfty fr The
Vauker prisoners taken report that the furcfS
cii;,agfd on their sido vere of Gilmore's coiu
ii..;r.d. and pnnripaily of the troops withdrawn
Y'-m before Charleston.
W'eci Id leiirn n-t!iing of tliC part Graccj'V
brigade took, as the men with wh"m our re
i.;Ltr ccnvtis'-d all Wlunged to Iiarton's bri
.Ac. Wu doubt uot, however, that their par
'' pation va3 equally gallant and suc esfub
Our tronpn reportetl that 110 firing iia.l beeu
heard during the day iu tiJCTtiirecti.iu af Peters
burg. J ilt FittTlT I4hT SATURDAY KEAR PORT WAL
THALL JUNCTION
W'r gt sme further and interesting par
ttcuar of the right last rfaturdoy near Port
Walthall junctiou, ou the railroid, about three
iuMes and a half 'his side of Petersburg.
Friday night rloacd in upon the opposing
f rcea after several hours of sharp skirmishing.
Saturday morning, at sunrise, found the two
nrmies drawn up in line of battle, about half
a mile apart, and in full view of each other.
Uiir foroes occupied the railroad to the right
and Jrft o Mr. Grain's residence, very nosr fo
sl e luoction, ao J th Yankees occupied a potd-
1 :r) nn sdiicent field.
About wlovn oVirwk Fkirmi-hing e -mmcno-(
-), when the Surry artillery, under Captain
H iukms, advanced several hundred yards in
ii t;t ami opened ou the ei.ctny with shell,
i'ii'fa brought n a sharp fire between the in
fwil.y in oar left and the advance of the ene
my's right. But in thirty minub s the tiring
or. both pides ceased, except here aud there a
wild shot from the enemy's artillery.
Our forces now made the railroad their line,
of bittle, and about half- past two o'clock tho
enemy opened on them with their artillery in
front, and at the same time endeavonrcd to
turn our lpft. They finally snece-ied, by
overwhelming numbers, id reaching the rail
road, but General llagood, wit'i three South
Carolina reaiuients, the Twenty-first, Twenty
lifth and Twenty-seventh) advanced and drovw
:ho enemy back to their line in great con-!
fusion.
The fighting continued uutil about 4 o'clock
and was for the greater portion of the tim j
very severe, our brave and gallant men driv-i
nig every thing before them.
Our troops were confronted by greatly
superior numbers, but they held their ground
i;:an fully. Thci r number engaged was t wel vo
or fiflesu thousand. The enemy advanced
io overwhelming numbers, estimated at one
division and two brigades, upon that portiou
of our lino held by General Uagood's brig-;
ade. They were in 6uch numbers as to over
lap our line, which enabled them to flank
and turn our extreme left. This forced Gen j
Hagood to change his front, which he did
successfully, but the movemeut necessitated
the exposure of our officers and men, and
r a used the heavy" loss which we sustained.
The enemy, however, were soon driven back,
when the brave South Carolini ana re-occupied
thur original line, and held it successfully
ujaiut two more astaulta of the enemy.
Brigadier-General Bushrod Johnson was
the senior Brigadier in command, and is
said to have behaved with much coolness.
Lieutenant-General D. H. EU1 wa also 00
the gronnd.
It ii mentioned as a pomewhat singular
coincidence, that the troops engaged on tba
part of the enemy in this tight were the saroo
troops that the brave S'juth Carolinians had
fuu'zht to long ou Morris and James island,
at Charleston.
Our loss in the fight of Friday and SaH
Tinny, particularly in that of Saturday, v,
jrery sei'ere, proving conclusively that onr
men fought with the ntmost desparation.
The Ipss in oflicers is very large. In Gen,
flood's brigade, four out peven field offi
iters irtigaged in the fiht were killed. Among
those killed aod . wounded we learn of-the
following-: Lieutenant-Colonel Dargan, of the
Tweuty-first Siuth Carolina volunteers, killed
in the engagement of Saturday ; Col. John G.
Presshsy; Severely- wounded in the left shoul
der ; Colonel Graham, of the Twruty-first
South Carolina, wss wounded in tw places,
nrt vory severely ; Captafn William R.Stoney,
of General Hazood's staff, suprjosed to be
mortally wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel of the
of- the Twenty-seventh South Carolina, (name
forgotten,) was severely wounded intthe head.
OCCUPATION OK FORT POWHATAN BY THE YAN
KEES. We mentioned yesterday that the Yankees,
in coming up the river, had landed four thou
sand uemes at Fort Powhatan. At latest ac
counts tliis lorce still occupied that pot, nnd
wre greatly . annoying the people in that
neishborhood by pilfering and depredating
in every direction.
Fort Powhatan is about twenty miles be
low City Point. The river at that point is
very narrow, the channel hugging the south
shore clisf-ly, ami -the banks very high and
precipitous. .
BURNING OF TIIK IllUDGEoN THE PETERSBURG
AND WEI. DON ROAD.
For prudential reasons we refrained from
retiring the burning of the bridge on the
Petersburg ar-d Weldon railroad by the ene
my, although we had information of it at the
time. But now that it has ben made pub
lic, no harm can erne from giving some par
ticulars of it, which we hara bec?M able to
obtain.
On Friday night, after the battle of that
afternoon, the notorious Speare, with a body
of cavalry, startpd out towards the source of
the Hiackw.iter river, and croaked at a point
where the stream is easily forded. Hero he
uet uo opposition, and mdde a detour, which
brought 1 i:a to Wakefield 'thpni, on the Nor
fdk and Petersburg railroad, uhcr: he stop
ped for thfl night. Whil" ther: did n-t
biou tlie depot, no? interfer with priMte
propeny, further than to steal horses, corn
aud proven ler.
At an early flour Saturday the vdd.ers
started f-r Stouy creek depot, on the Veidm
railroad, pioceeding by way of Little-ou and
Sux Court House. They reached Littleton,
Sussex coiyity,- about eleven o'clock, taking
the people by surprise. While at Littleton
they searched all the houses, stole horses', and
broke open the pcstoffice and destroyed all
the letters. Tiiey also captured four wagons
belonging to the -Seventh cavalry, two of
which, tilled with bacon, were .burnt. Two
others, containing ammunition, tho invaders
carried oil" with them.
The party reached Stony creek about two
o'clock, where they encountered d bridge
guard of sixty South Carloina troops, who
offered desperate resistance. After a short
htiht the gtiutd was captured, having lost ten
iu killed and wounded. Seven of tho enemy
were killed.
Then- burnt Fitzhugh's tavern at the creek,
destroyed the railroad bridge, and burnt the
depot building, wood sheds, water tank, Sec.
The ra'dr. ad employees an 1 others at Stcuy
crr k ma le their escape, but all retreated in
t ho direction of Weidoiv After remaining
mere souie time, Speare and his raiders tilled
olf in the direction of Nottowny river bridge-,
four mdes below, and s-iid 'thev wore going
from ti.ere on to Jarratt's, lieitield, etc.
Later accounts say that Speaie and his r ti
deisdid not burn the depot nor the tavern at
Stony creek ; they did burn the bridge, wood
hpd?, bridnrf timbers, lumber and other arti
cls belonging to tiio company. Such corn as
they did not leed to tueir horses the Yankees
burnt. They torn up but little of the track.
A shell passed through ihe depot, and another
bursted in the second story of tho tivern.
The bridge guard, sixty in number, got into
the pit of the trrn table, aud for two aud a
half hours, offered most galiant resistance.
They were finally entirely surrounded - aud
force! to surrender. Seven of the Yankees
were killed and several wouuded. Among
the killed was a Lieut. John Mayes, whoso
death Speare deeply lamented, saying that
he was the most efficient officer in his com
tltand. But one of the bridge guard was
wouuded, aud he not fatally. The dwelling
of Mr. Geo, near the creek, was burned by tho
enemy
Accounts estimate the number of this raid
ing p'irty at eighteen- hundred or two thou
sand, although others think they numbered
at least three thousand. They had six pieces
of artillery.
THE ENEMY'S GUNBOATS PATH 't,LTNG THE
RIVER.
The enemy's lorces are scattered through
the narrow ntck of tand between the James
river on the ono tdde and the Appomattox on
the othvr. Their poiut of disembarkation on
the James river is Bermuda Hundreds, from
which point their forces cross over to Port
Walthall on the Appomattox. The gunboats
patrol up and down each river, pacing down
from Port Walthall to the mouth of the Ap
pouiattax, shelling on both sides every , spot
likely to afford cover to our sharpshooters.
The enemy waste a vast deal of ammunition
in this way, looking for "grey backs" and
"masked batteries."
STORY OF YANKEE DESERTERS FROM TBI ARMY
ON THE SOUTHSIDE.
Deserters are coming in rapidly from the
enemy on the Southside. They all have their
stories to tell. They represent that they logfe
very heavily in killed and wounded in tho
battle of Saturday estimating their loss at
from one to two thousand.
'1 hey say that great dissatisfaction exists in
their army, and that the chief cause is the
negro troops, Feveral thousand beiug. iu tho
army now at Bermuda Hundreds. They report
that Butler caused a telegram to be read to
the troops early Saturday morning, stating
that Grant had gained a great victory over
Ley; had driven him twenty miles, aud at
lasj accounts was still driving him. This in
famous cheat, contrived by Butler . to ioapire
tho courage of his men, was received with
great applause, of course.
Deserters all say that Gilmore's corps, re
cently operating at Morris Island and in
Florid, accompany the . expedition, and that
Bui ler commands iu person. We are iucliued
to doubt this. The craven coward would,
scarcely muster nerve enough to take the
field. Besides, we are told by an officer.who
came up on the last flag of tnjee that Butler
returned to Fortress Monroe en last Friday
that he oame up to Bermuda Hundreds, but
after ordering certain dispositions of the troops
he went down the river. Accounts are con
tradictory of his presence with the forces now
On the Bouth&ide, but the question will pro
bably be soon decided by the events n?
transpiring there.
THE FIGHT HEAR SPOTSYLVABIA COURT HOL'sE
BETWEEN FITZHUGH LS AMD THE ENEMY.
From a gentleman (one of the true parrio's
of the war,) who participated and was woun
ded in h battle near Spotsylvania Ontut
- - - -. 1 -
House, we have an intelligent air'- nected
statement of the affair, of whiyh there have
been so many different versions.
It appears that lhe.bitt'e opened at Todd's
tavern, about a railo-and T half above Spot
sylvania' Court House anl lasted contlnbous
h from Thursday to Sunday-jThe forces ou.
our side were a portion of General FiUhush;
Lee's command, and consisted of Wickham's
and Lomax'8 brigades. The fight opened ou
Thursday evening, Lomax's brigade engaging
the enemy, and driving them back some dis
tance, During that night the'enemv took a
strong position, and on Friday tho fight was
renewed by Wickham's brigade, (Lomax's
being held in reservejthat day.) a little iu ad
vance of the ground occupied on the day be
fore. On Friday night the enemy fell back
behind Todd's tavern, their advance bing
posted within a short distance of the budd
ing. On Saturday it became the turn of Lo
n ax'.- brigade to engage the enemy, (Wick
ham's being held in reserve.) and the fight
opened at an early hour and continued until
ten o'clock, when our forces fell back to the
old lines occupied by them in the fight of the
second day. Lomax held his position until
evening, when he was forced back by the ene
my to the line held by us on the first day, in
rer of a barricade across the road formed by
the fellii g of trees. The enemy continued to
press us, and here General 'Fitzhugh Lee or
dered up Wickham's brigade and threw out
skirmisheis Wickham's brigade deploying
the enemy on the right of the road leading
fruui Todd's tavern to Spottsylvania Cour
House, and Lomax's on the left, with General
Fitzhugh Lee commanding in person and
passing up and down the lines. He was sdid
to be very cool, and gave orders to his men,
who had been dismounted for the most part in
this fight, owing to tho dense forest and thick
undergrowth, not to fire until the enemy got
within thirty yards of them. fTuen," con
tinued he, "take good aim, and let them have
it, and then I want you to goover after them."
The en' my continued to advance, wheu Gen
eral Fitshugu Les giye the order, in a clear,
distinct voice, 4flie." Then ensued a most
desperate and stubboru fight, resulting in the
i Tit my being driven back. Onr men soeii.g
t(Mt they hnd g-tined the d-13 gave here a yell
such as "rebels", only can wheu tho Yan
kees" broke and ran, closely pursued by our
un a i -r p distance of half a mile.
Alter this, on Saturday night, our forces
withdrew from the fatigue of battle, and the
Third Virginia cavalry were potted as pickets
at the barricade for that night. Early Sun
day morning the Yankees, strongly reinforced
during the night, attacked the Third Virginia
cavalry on post, who, beforejthe overwhelming
numbers of the enemy, continued to fall back
until supports could t e brought up. This was
quickly done, and the fight raged until seven
o'clock, when Gtneral Fitzhugh Lee, seeing
that his force was too small to resist the ene
my, who were in very heavy force," with both
cavajry and infantry, began to retire in the
direction of Spotisyivania Court House, falling
back slowly and contesting every inch of
ground. At this critical juncture, about ten
o'clock ia the morning, a large force of our
infantry, under General Anderson came tip and
succeeded in repulsing the enemy "with great
slaMhter'' as General Lee staled in his officii!
dispatch.
The enemy 'fought with great stnhbcrriess,
tor he was fighting to carry an important point
to open hi- waye'ear to Fr(:d'"icksVnrg.
He had a very iarge forcv? two division5? of
cavalry and a brigade of regulars, all nnd r
immediate command of General Sedgwick.
fu the fights of Friday and Saturday of Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee with lh". enemy, we captur
ed some sixty priso-jeiv, av ng whom were
some five or six officers They report their
loss at some throe to fuiir hundred. Oar loss
in the same fights was about two hundred and
fifty in killed, wounded at.d missing.
Our officers are said to have displayed the
nirst conspicuous valor in this fight. AH
along the lines, amidst a perfect hail ofbullets,
they rode cheering our men on to victory.
While in the act of leading his men nf with
hi.s arm uplifted, Colonel Owens had a finger
phot off. N"t stepping for this, he deliberately
drew his pistol with his o'her hand and shot
the Yankee dend by his side who had just fired
on him. There is one instance of individual
heroism that deserves to be mentioned. In the
thickest of the fight, when our lines were wav
ering, and the opposing forces were within
seventy-five yards of each other, a Conner
dashed between them and cheered our men in
their charge. The name of tho brave youug
man we did not learn.
The Examiner, of Wednesday, says, edito
rially : No uew battle has occurred in North
ern Virginia, and there are evidences of a
wi le and deep demoralizat.ou among the
Federal troops. But the struggle is far from
being over iu that fluartcr. Grant must take
or lose all, and he will uot renounce the game
uutil his last shot is expended. His real
numbers appear to have been equal to tho
highest estimate placed upon them. When
he crossed the Rapidau there were two reports
one,that he came with a hundred thousand,
the other that he brought two hundred thou
sand men. The latter statoinont appears to
have been the truth, for he could not other
wise have come to the scratch again and again,
u ok-SB he poseebfctd prodigious numbers of
fresh troops.
Meantime, the enemy have sent out strong
raiding forces in every direction, cutting the
railroads leading to and frorA Richmond .-
Their policy is evidently to preveut Lee from
receiving reinforcements or supplies, and so
cause his retreat. The most important of
these forces is one consisting of three divisions
of cavalry, which last night were at Negro
foot, nineteen miles from this city, and ap
proaching it. That the telegraphic wires of
tho city defences were four times cut in twen
four hours by their emissaries, indicates an
intention to attack the city if they fipd them
selves able to do so; and if they attack at all,
they will do so this morning.. Let evi?ry man
able to fire aguri.uow to his post.
AVEjiiLL's movements in southwestern
VIRGINIA HE I WHIPPED AT SALTVlLLE.
A gentleman from Southwestern Virginia
reached the city 00 yesterday, having come by
Salt ville, 8my the county, at which place a
fight had occurred on Sunday between por
tions of Jones' and Morgan's commands, and
the Yankee raider, Averill, resulting jo the
complete defeat of the latter. Averill bad
made a descent npon Dublin depot, on the
Virginia and Tennessee railroad, driven out
the small force of Confederates stationed there,
and divided his force, sending fifteen hundred
to Saltville to capture and destroy the works.
This body was met by Morgan aud Jones, as
above stated, and almost entirely demolished.
A despatch was received here stating that a
son of Gov. Smith, belonging to Jenkin' com
mand, received a severe flesh ' wound in the
leg iu the engagement at Dublin depot.' The
same despatch confirms the report of vfctory.
. DEATH OF CAPT. EARLY.
Capt. Robert Early, son of Dr. Robt. Early
of Lynchburg, was killed iu the battle of Spot
sylvania on Thursday last. Capt. Early was
the adjutant general of Geo. J. M. Jones, who
w sUe kilted. - ' '
. . .... 1 . .. j. . , .
From the Richmond Examiner of Thursday.
THE EX$MX ' ?HK flTJTSXIUTS: OF
Kiciniom.
FIGHTING ON . THE BUOOKB TURNPIKE.
LATEST FROM ttftNEUAL LEE S AKMY,
MOVEMENTS ON THE SOUTH-SIDE.
The news of the morning yesterday was the
report, started late onOe uigbt bsfore.tuat th
Yankees, in neavy columns, were in. full-tpeotl
for Richmond, with Stuart and Fitzhugh Lee
close on their tracks. Rumour s reported tbem
in great force", and the accounts, if oue believed
bnt half what he heard, made it a. very serious
matter. Report quickly followed report that
tho demonstration was uot merely a raid, but
tbat the nemy was in larga. force with solid
columns of cavalry aud fcrtv'dery; that they
were marching on Richraond. obstructing the
roads behind them by felling trees, te imped a
pursuit ; that they were but a few miles off, and
that it was doubtless a movement planned by
Grant to "take Richmond." The matter grew
serious for the while. The military authori
ties seemed to be impressed by the alarm, and
active measures were at once taken for tho de
feuce of the city. Soon after dsyiight, the
Governor, prompted by information that had
reached him, issued the folio wing stirring ap--peal
to the citizens of Richmond, which was
boou circulated and posted through the city :
"To the Citizens of the Stale
and the People 0 Richmond ;
'The enemy are undoubtedly approaching the
city, and may be expected at any hour, with, a
view to its capture, its pillage, find its destruc
tion. The strongest considerations of self and
duty to the country, calls ere?? man to arms! A
duty which none can refuse without dishonour..
All persons, therefore, able to wield a musket,
will immediately assemble upon the Publio
Square, where a regiment will be found in
arms, and around which all can rally, and
where the requisite directions will be given
for arming and equipping those who respond to
this call.
"The Governer confidently relies that this
appeal will not be made in vain.
'William Smith,
"Oovernor of Virginia-."
Nor was the appeal in vain. In a short time
the entire arms heaving population of Richmond
turued out, and repaired to the Capitol Square,
where they awaited information from the
enemy, before they should march to the field.
Here anxiety was oa the tiptoe. Nothing had
been heard from tbe enemy since the report on
the night before, when they were reported in"
rapid march on Richmond. In a few hours
came the news from the Governor's house, that
General Bragg had received a dispatch' from
General Stuart at Ashland, a copy of which we
obtained :
"Headq'rs, Ashland, May 14, 0:30, A. M.
"To General Bragg:
. "General The enemy reached this point
just before us, but were promptly whipped out
after a sharp fight by Fitz. Lee'c advance, kill
ing and capturing quite a number.
"General Gordon is in tbe immediate rear of
the enemy. I intersect the road the enemy is
marching on, at Yellow tavern, the head of tho
turnpike; six miles from Richmond.
My men and horses are tired, hungry, and
jaded, but all right. J. E. B. Stuart."
boon after this came another dispatch from
General Stuart, stating that he had arrived at
Yellow tavern, six miles from Richmond, the
point where he expected to cut off the enemy;
but that be had found none of them there,
that they hd probably turned off . on the road,
leading to Dover's mills. ir Goochland, and ad
ding that his men were "pressing closely;"
This decided the rnattpr, and the excitement
here subsided. It wfispltdn the Yankees had
concluded not "to take Richmond," and finding
themselves closely puYsued, widely switched off
on another road. It was supposed that they
were making to Dover mills with the intention
to cut the canal, and then cross the river at
that point and make their way to their army on
the Smith side.
The strength of this expedition of the enemy
is variously given. Accounts plnee it at five,
seven, . ten, fifteen thousand. A scout trho
came in yesterday, and who is regarded by
the military authorities as a very trustworthy
man, states that the enemy's forces were seeu
by hinri, and that they were four hours passing
a given point. This would indicate that they
were in lrge force. He further states that
they had large numbers of wagons, ambulances,
&c.
LATER THE KNKMY OS THE BROOK TURJiPIEE
SHARP FIGHTING GOING ON.
Just as the people of Richmond were relieved
with the thought that the city was once more
safe, and congratulating themselves that the
Yankees bad pbandoned their advance, on the
city and were retreating, news came suddenly
last evening, abcut eight o'clock, that the
enemy had been seen on the Brook turnpike,
and that fighting Was going on near what is
known a3 Brook Church, only some three or
four miles of the city. It appears that as a
detachment of the Pixth Virginia cavalry, num
bering sixty men, were on their way out with
ammunition for General Stuart, in the after
noon, the enemy fell npon them near Brook
Church, and a sharp fight ensued our men
first taking the precaution to destroy the am
munition they-carried, and then pitching into
the fight with great spirit. The fight wag quite
sharp for a while, but it relaxed into a desul
tory firing, which was kept up for several hours.
The enemy threw out their sharpshooters, and
about nightfall the enemy's force was increased,
and the fight was renewed.
Accounts differ materially in their state
ments of the fight and position of affairs at
nightfall some report the enemy in large
force, while others say that he has but a few
hundred cavalry. Later accounts must settle
this point.
The point where the fight occurred is near
Mr. Stuart's farm, and not far from the' outer
line of the city fortifications.
A gentleman who left ?here aoout seven
o'clock, when the fight was going on, says
that from the sound of the fighting Stuart's
men, (Lomax's brigade), seemed be back of
the enemy, and to be attacking him in his rear.
It was reported that we had also a C3nsider
able force 00 the right of the enemy. It was
feared that our men were , short of ammttni
tion'zi that which was started to General
Stuart in tbe morning was lost, by capture,
as we have explained above. -
STILL LATE! THE flGHT STILL, OOIKO ON.
Accounts brought in last eight at ten o'clock
say the fight was still going on. The enemy,
(put by these accounts at ten thousand), at
tacked Stuart near tbe Yellow Tavern, at the
head of the Brooke turnpike, with great ob
stinacy, making several .charges, in one of
which they took one piece of artillery and re
captured some tw6 or three hundred prisoners
killing a number of officers, Colonel H. Clay
Pate, of Petersburg, Fifth Virginia cavalry
among others.
We inquired at General Ransom's head
quarters last night, but could get do confirm
ation of this news. They had received no such
intelligence themselves, and seem disposed to
regard it with considerable doubt.
THE LATEST JF&Olf. GENERAL LEE 8 ARMY.
. Tiia public mkd, which had become eon
frlderabij excrcied by anxitty ftr Gen! Lea'
army, was much relieved yesterday by th&S.l.
lowing official dispatch from him :
. " SPOTTaYLYAKlA CoURT HoijSK. Via
"GuiNEAV-Alay 1L
Guinea's' May 11.
jionoramc secretary oj rars. : ,
' General Grant's armv is intrenched nf
tins place on both sides oi the Brooke r-ad.
" Frequent skirmishing occurred yestetdav
acd to-dav; each armv is endeavouring to dii
cover the position of tha other.
" To-day th5 enemy shelled our line?, and
made several assaults wit? infantry against
difjrrent point?, particularly pn our left, held
by Geueral R. H. Anderson. The lost, which
occurred after sunset.-was the most obtiuato
sme of the enemy leaping over the breast
works. Thev were easilv repulsed, except in
covered.
" A largo body of the enemy moved around
our left, on the evening of the 9di, and took
possession of the road abfint midway between
Shady Grove church and the Omrt House.
" General Early, with a part of-Hill's corps,
drove tbem back this evening;, taking one
gun and a few prisoners.
'Thanks to a Mtrciful Providence, our
casualties have ben small. Among the
wounded are Brigadier-Generals Hayes 'arid
H. H. Walker.
" R. E. Lke "
There was ennsiderabb talkthrru h the
city yesterday of a private dispatch fron Mr.
Slaughter, the Mayor of Fredericksburs. to Mr.
Elias A. Y. H r -, Uueriff or St tfi'ni county,
but now here ou a visit. Wo obtained no py
of it, as there were many exaggerated rumours
flyiag around the city of its nature :
".Guinea's, May 11th, 1864.
" I came here to obtain information from
Fredericksburg. I hear nothing but the state
ment that citizens have been arrested as host
ages f r prisoners wo captured there on Stm
day. There was severe fighting yesterday, near
Spottsylvania Court House. The Yankees,
drunk withl:quor,atracked our entire entrench
ments and were repulsed with terrible slaugh
ter. - f
" Musketry firing was heard to day in the
same direction. The uews.is generally favor
able. " M. Slaughter."
THE ENEMY ON THE SoUTHMDE.
It was expected that a recounoissanre in
strong force would have been made yesterday
morning from Perersburg to feel the enemy's
position, and pen, if possible, communication
from Petersburg 10 Drewry's Bluif and Rich
mond. But this, for .some reason, wis iiot
done, and those who were looking for a battle
to be fought yeterday ere disappointed by
the tame news that came in during the m rn
iug. The frfst bulletin of the morning' was
the following official dispatch from General
Ransom, dated Drewry's Bluff:
" The enemy fell back last night from their
position yesterday, toward Junes river, ap
parency in some haste. Their pickets have
appeared in large numbers on James river, in
the vicinity of Uowlett's and Dutch gap, ou
tho Southside.
Signed R Ransom, Jr."
The next news from that quarter was the
following - fficial dispatch received by GeniTl
Bragg, dated at Chaflin' Bluff:
I he enemy's pickets do not extend far this
6ide oi" (lowlett's tmuse. They are not op
posite Cx's whatf, H.i reported this morning,
and there are uo tdgns of their crossing this
fcide.
" We learn from an officer who passed over
the field, that the Yankee loss, iu killed ai;d
wouuded, iu the affair uf Tuesday was not less
than oue thousand, or at least five to 0;ie. A
number of the wouuded Yankees were con
sumed in the burning woods... Our own
wounded were all removed to the rear.
"The latesi report is, that the Yankees,
have gone back to Bermuda Hundreds. Ou
the other hand, an oftirrer from Curl's Neck
says that the enemy are erecting a wharf ou
ihe opposite hide of the river."
SPEARS' RAID AGAINST THE WF.LDON RAILROAD.
We have some further particulars of Spears
raid on the Peters hurg and Weldon railroad.
After burning the railroad budge at Stony
Creek, Spears pushed on, crossed Nottoway
river, evidently making f"r the Meherrin bridge
aiid leaving the bridge over the Nottoway to
be desttoyed upou his return. But upon
reaching Jarratt's depot he found, unexpect
edly, a considerable Confederate force there
which gave him battle, in which he was driv
en back with the loss of several of bis com
mand. In the meantime the Fifty-ninth and
Twenty -sixth Virginia reimeuts and a co n
pany of tho Holeom-e South Carolina legion,
all undT the commaud of C donel Tabb, had
reached Nottcway river bridge, -and upon
Spears' return they were prepared lor hirn.
A severe battle ensued, which lasted four
hours. By means of their artillery the enemy
managed to destroy the bridge, but they were
subsequently so. terribly repulsed that they
had to send in a flag of truce to ask permis
sion to bury their dead, whiJ) they were al
lowed to do, and then they retreated iu an
easterly direction ou the north t-ide of the
river. Their loss is thought to Lave been
pretty heavy Our loss was four killed, and
a number wouuded. Amongst the wounded
were Lieut. Col. Jouts. Fifty-ninth Virginia,
in the leg ; Capt. J. W. Maddox, Firly-niuth
Virginia, iu tbe breast; Lieut. Bryant, Fiity
tiinth, in the breast ; Lieut. Tally, Fifty-ninth,
in the shoulder. -
Spears is reported to have had at least thirty
five hundred mounted men, with six pieces of
artillery. ' .
It is thought now that Spears did not injure
tbe railroad as much aa was opposed. Very
little of the track was torn up. and it is be
lieved that the most valuable of all tne bridges,
that over the Meherrin, has entirely escaped.
They destroyed all the Government ami com
pany's coru and bacon that ttiey could lay
their hands on, after feeding themselves and
horses. At Jarratt's depot, besides the depot,
water tanks, wood sheds, etc., they burnt tbe
residence of Mr. Wm. Jarratt, Herbert Field
and. others. They also burnt the house of
Major B. W. Belscher, about twelve cr four
teen miles from Stony Creek, his mill, all his
out-houses, aud committed many other depre
dations. It ia believed that Sonars has me back to
It is Delievea mat spears nas gone pacx to
Suffolk, or may endeavour to form a junction
with the troops now at City romt and Ber
muda Hundred.
WHAT DESERTERS FROM THE BOUTHSlDB 8AT.
Deserters from the Yankee army on the
Southside continue to come into onf lines.
Thly all appear very glad to get away, and
profess to be very sick of the war. Yesterday,
one came in and gave himself up, represent
ing bimself as a Ba.'timorean, and declaring
he would never have been ie the Yankee'army,
bat be was drugged with liquor, and when iu
that state, almost bordering on unconscious-
Tiers, was made to enlist. There is probably
i j. a. r ik i 1 a i
j ironi oi u ie owtraoe, woere iny urove our ?inei: in learning thi-, (;-n. littler ini
men from their position, and from a four gun diately. forwarded their resignation to t!
i battery there ixwted. I Preidnt witS. r..mma..a..:... ......
" The men wcn-s.on im!hi, and by nark U. remanded to. their former regim-nn t
our line was re-cstabhshel and the baUery re- ? wrve out their tima miF,.i ..li;. v
I sorn? truth in. his story it isfh wv
J North g?3 reerui fo' her army. "
y ,f but
L IU
says that they hv in
.11
i oout forty tho,,.
; tTV.n an,i t,t Uut?er u c. . .
i ruabd. C aid'-rablo disfTocii.ui i Ja; i !""
logins up anions uiO iroop n accuunt ,.r
:ne negro soldiers, lnu ivhli.....
If til. f
- " ; i
the sailing of ins expedition fr,n prtr
Monroe, it is aiid tht Butler fhows the"!
great favor, and that they have been -mvT
Hie name of Butler's pets. '
These negro troops are said not t.i
much. stomach for fihtinr "
tne expedition set out tip ihe river thev and
their white officers . gr into .1 nuarr. l on -'i
wouder that E.Ule? should b roi.uiHr w.i, 1..
SilE ENEMTH ATTM'K Kop.I- Cl.lFT.v.
SVKdlftOOP-oNKOr-TnLfSGUXnOAT'
Wc have some further particulars of tho
enemy a attack on Fort Clifton, on the Aupo
tnattos river, u which oue of thir gunboits
was burned and destroyed. The Fort was at
Uotced on the hit by a battery of mx -tnt.
our men. hndinr? th rk,.;- u
roicu them, remained tuiJer hdt?r, and per
mitted the enemy to cutim:esidlig intil he
grew t:red and ceawd bis fire. Sjoii a Mxt
of mm boats aiipeared in the river, when the
fort, engaged thm f.r five or six hours, crip
pling one of their vc&seU and o:iutuv the
oti sw to retire. A par.y was sent to board-her.-
but before our men c ul 1 s-t to her sh
tk.fire from one of the sh- lis from the f rt,
and. the enemy was ford to alnndin Ler'
whn shawas burned to th water r.' r. '
The enemy's fleet ou the Appmiattox con-sists-of
gu-ibodt.s, ;'.c shalLw water uf that
streatu.net permuting their tronch lH to iret
up.
iiKIXG Rooit roR O'JR MLK.
In Lynchburg, as in Richmoud. preptrati ns
luve been made to make room for tr.e 1 ir-o
number of wounded fro.u the lat- fights hi
Xor-Uicrn Virginia. The sick in the hospitals
there are bean? rapidly transferred to other
po!ctu,tome being to Farmvillc, and
others to the hospitals along the line ul the
irgin-a ind Tennessee rai!m.id. Tie tr.tius
on the Siuthsidtf and Ten he.nsee rail road h.ive
bf n exclusively occupied in transporting tha
sick. far several days p;vst.
It would be well if pern in t'.c country
wotdd .send in anything rhey inav have suita
ble for ihe large number of biclt a;.d wounded
now in the hospit.ls. Vegetables of any kit.d,
niilk, etc., would be acceptable.
TKL'KGKAPHIC.
RKlriT.S OF. TIIK PRESS ASSOCIATION".
Entered accoruhv to act of Congrcea in the rear.
18G3; bv J. S. Thrasezr, in the Clerk' oi!ice
of the District vnurt of tb Confederate State,
for the Northern District of Georgia.
Wr. i.don, Mar 13.
Varios wild rnnors htve beu aflaat hcr to
day ; one of which is, that Lee ha driven Grant's
forces' accrocs tho Raridn, with terrific jlaugtrr.
But all thflt lean gather that ii reliable, ii the
following:
nlc-mb-'s tajrioT) riKtel ths en vy at Chea
ter on Mouday lat. There has been flonghting
ince. The encrar still hold tho IUilroid.
Ii uresarj's b4luartMs are in retcrsiburg.
He ban beno reinforcJ rtventr thousand or more,
recently, and still tbry p,nr in. The tor?i aio
closed in l'et-rburg, and every ru.in is in th-t
rauk. Iingaeuieut expected to-morrow, (the
14th. )
The bridge across .Stony Creek is rebuilt; and
the one across .Vottoway river will b done to
morrow night.
Drewry's Bluff ha been reinforced, eo that no
apprehensions are felt about its security.
The trains will run through .Petersburg div
after to morrow.
Two gunboats certainly, and probablv four,
were blown up or burnt. Nothing eUe reliable.
From Mobile.
Mosin, May 13.
Dispatches received at Headquarters from Oak
Springs with Sew Orleans dates to the 9th inst. tr
Gold was two for on, and rising-. All knowledge of
Banks ignored. Sreele is reported at Little Itv.ck.
Marmaduke, is between Little Itock, and J'ine
Blaff shelling the latter place.
From Trans-Mlsslsilppl.
Dekoi'olu, May 13.
A dtpateh to-day from Colonel Scott, vim Sum
mit, confirms tht Tran'n-MissUf ippi Dis
patch, and says that Gen. Tylor haii Banks hrin
mcdin at Alexauirh, an J has a battery six miles
below, stopping all communication tia Red river.
The said buttery is supported by Major Bribe's
and a part of Polignac's tofanrty. It captured a
transport with a valuable cargo of cjmmi"ity
stores, and one hundred prisoner?, and the Citr
Bell, with tb 120th Ohio regiment, ki!!ii.r C. l.
Meade, Col. Bossett, of Corps De Afrique, C 1
Ogiel and one Lt.-Colonel. On the fifth, captur.
ed. the Warner, also gnnboati Eiffht "5nid
iwem.iFo laseD rrominem; twentr-one pie
ces ordinance, including eight tLii ty two nonndVr
Farrott and their arms were taken. It was re
ported at Sbrereport that Gen. Smith and tho
enemy had a fight at J enkina' ford. We captured
several hundred prisoners, many small arm, pon
toon bridges, and all their trains. We lt Gen.
Searcy, and Col Greenwood, and Gen. Wall Kin
dall Clarke wounded.
From Petersburg.
Pcrz ktBur.G, Hay 14.
All quiet lyre to-day. General Stuart died
Thursday from wounds received Wednesday.
More of Banks' Surrender.
Mobile, May 14.
The following trlegram was reeeired bvin.
Maury, from 0vka dated May 14th: 4,.Vo definite
intelligencesof Banks' capitulation had been re
ceivedin New Orleans on tbe 10th, although it is
thought he had surrendered. It was believvd that
ao boats were coming down all communication,
cut off. T!re iron clad gunboat Granite City, and
gunboat Number 45, and a transport with 40 sol
diers, were captured by the Cuofederatc-s at Sa
bine Pas on the 6th inst.
Fight It Drew rj's Bluff.
PiTtasacaa, May 15.
It is rumored that the enemy attacked Drcwry'a
Bluff last uiglTt aud were repulsed, baviag lost
1 000 men. Gcn'l Matt. Banco m was wounded ia
tbe arm slightly. No other news from any
quarter-
From Mississippi.
MaitiDiAX, May 14.
I 1D0 Iorcei nnae' eagner, variously
i MUmat1 froin 5v00O to 10,000, was at Pickens
aana f 1 a m a
Station, ir the Mississippi Central Railroad, at
uoon to-day, avoving towards Grenada. Five
thousand are at Big Black bridge, Gen. ii. W.
Slocumbe is in command at Vickjburg.
Prohible Confirmation of Banks' Surrcnd-
er.
MaaiPiiX, 3Iay 12.
the surrender of Banks and his array at Alex
andria is reported by parties who have arrived
from Trana-Missiseippi. The Yankee raiders have
gone to Vickaburg, after coming within ten mile
of Canton. Object of the expedition to iteai coi-
J trn .
I . IUIC.. .