7 . v
.
THE CO?
A. M. fiOBSIiK & CO., Proprietors.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
TEKMS:
DAILY EDITION, for 6 ; montht..,.,..,... $1
3 A '
- i rwtTl
V7
f 10 Fill
tt
TR1-WEEKLY, for 6 montns. ..
WEEKLY EDITION', for 6 months.....:..... -5 j
o uocriptioni will be received on any otner
terniatban the above, nPr for a longer or shorter
J
Tlie Underground. ' "
Vc stated on yesterday, that we had heard
that Mr. HoMn was circulating secret docu
uicrts in the army not through the mails,
but by sleight of "hand.
We are now put in pngfessionf o fads.
AY hen we stated some ten days ago, that "TAc
Standard" was being published privately, we
had been informed ot the existence of a half
sheet from that office, then about the 25th of
Match, in 'circulation, bearing date the Cth
of April,
Very soon thereafter a full sheet turned up,
with an explanation that sixteen thousand of
them were being distributed, and of course
the circulation could not be secret. We could
but wonder that a paper should issued in
March, and dated in April ; hut as Mr. Hol
ders ways are past finding out, we ceased to
womler aboat it. Now, it transpires, that
another Standard, a half sheet, issued at the
same time, hearing the same date, but con
taining wholly different matter, has been sent
to the army I
In the first sheet, is a long article, signed
"Conservative." This article is an attack on
Gov. Vance--condenses his Wilkesboro' speech
charges him with mal-administration, and
among other tilings, complains of his visit to
the army ; alleging that he went there as the
pet of the administration, when Mr. Holden
could not go. Now, in the Standard of the
same date, the half sheet sent to the array,
nothing of tlii article by " Conservative "
appears.
Thus it is clear that Mr. Holden is not only
secretly circulating tho Standard, but that he
has been distributing one set of opinions to
the army, and another set to the people and
all in a Standard bearing the same datu
April Cth, lSGi.
What opinion the general public-may form
of this conduct, we know not. It looks to us
very much like fraudulent dealing, and shows
that Mr. Holden is not as scrupulous in bis
conduct, as a candidate, as fairness would
demand.
There is no doubt of these facts; and ii"
any one does doubt them, he can readily be
satisfied of the proof.
See imporTant Order from Conscript Bureau,
relative to tho, Leuv.-en 17 and 18, ar.d be-
l -, i r , . , .
twecu4iaihl lO years to bo found in this
laier. .
FVnuc Fkkixg Our business correspon
ptn:clenc? frequently brings us cheering ac
pmi6 ot the prevailing opinion and feeling
n ditl'ercnt parts of the State. The following
is from a substantial citizen of Alamance
county :
VI am glad to he able to say that there is
much more confidence frit by the people in
our ultimate success than there has been for
the last two yeais. Guv. Vance's speeches
fr ihiiW much pood. - Iloldenites even can
not find anv fault with them. My impression j
is that if success attends our arms Mr. UohJen i
will be worse defeated than Mr. Johnson was j
two yearn aj;0." j
A letter f7.,-m .Surry county says: i
1 am pleased 10 zy f'at ilti'd'eu and Con- j
vtnti n stock u:v. i2ciWjy below par in this i
section Shouid we not nW-f with great re-'j
' i .,r ., jiw I i.iPiH.rt. at Holrloti i
l, ,i, lv-rd his list card? " i
try. lor with plenty to eat wo car, c.ety yi
keedom. C-oonress sh u!d be careful not to
impose too heavy burdens upon farmers."
Fayctlccille Obstrccr.
Four per Cent. Certificates How Trans
ferable. As some uncertainty, and even ndsnpprc
bension, exists as to rhe tjumsferability of the
four per cent, certificates now being issued
under the recent currency act. the following
statement, which the Richmond Sentinel
makes upon the full information from the
Treasmy Department, ;ind b.y its desire, will
be acceptable to if.e public : "
The tour per cent, certificates of deposit
will be rmved iiv. payment of the taxes of
tl
he person to whom they tq issued, or anv
signee. The certificates are assignable in the
firm irsu.d with certificates of stock. We j
woidd advise holders to take the usual busi
sints? course f making an assignment be-
lore a magistrate, using theTorm to be found
cn the backol all the Cmfederato registered"!
lot:ds. out leaving a blank for tho name of
the asiiieer The name of any
be inserted to stdt occasions.
holder can
We arc further informed that when a ceni
ftcate of deposit presented by a tax payer j
shall exceed the amount of his taxes, the tax
. . i.. . . : ' i .i. .i i
ector will be authorized to give him a new i
cert
lhcate for the excess. For example, if a
citizen's tax be seven hundred dollars, and he
give m a certificate of deposit for one thou
sand dollars, ho will receive a new certificate
for three hundred dollars. Thus, a certificate
lor a 1 irge amount may 6erve the successive
uses of several tax payers. Fractional parts
of a hundred dollars, however, the tax payer
will be required to pay in money, as no bond
containing such fraction will be issued from
the Treasury.
The denominations of the bonds to be issued
in redemption of the certificates of deposit now
being given, -will be five, and no more viz;
one hundred, five hundred, one thousand, three
thousand and five thousand. '
We may add to the remarks of the Sentinel,
that the transfer must be executed in the pres
ence of and witnessed by either a Confederate
States Judge, District Attorney, Clerk of the
District Court, Collector of the Customs, Con
federate States Treasurer or Assistant, or a
Notary Public. The official seal of the wit
ness must be attached in every instance, and
(w ng to the protracted rams and heavy , " " " - b.u.u6 v .
. x , , - . 1 , J war, in Washington. jrVheu the ankee Colo-
fr.fus lat bummer, crops in in tton neI finisheil tI)e fheft, he took the-empty irunk.
were i-xcmhugly short and i will be difficult M wiftf thinUijlt,lis' tin trunk con soule
to j.rewnt mi tiering. Do all you can to cn- ,ittle fewa, raementoes of the widow ladv's
courage the a: ricultural interest of the coun- husband. While a prisoner, 1 often called the
vol: i.
the transfer .made on the back of the certifi
cate. The following is & convenient and cor
rect form of assignment:
State op , 1 For value reaei ved , f
County. j hereby transfer and as
sign to A. B. of the county of , State
of : all my right, title and interest in and
to the within certificate. In witness whereof
I have hereunto affixed my own proper ban!
and name thi3 day of .v 1864.
In presence of - C. D.
(seal.) E. F. Notary Public.
When the certificate is presented for a
bond, the ttame of the last holder will be for
warded to the Registe; 'f the Treasury at
Richmond, after which the certificate will b3
Lno longer assignable, and the Depositary
will make an entry thereon to that effect.
For the Confederate,
t'apt. Alfred Stanly.
This noble old hero, fresh from Yankee
prisons and dungeons, is without a command.
Thugh sixty years of age, he h burning for
active field service. It is hoped that the proper
authorities will not longer deprive him of the
patriot privilege of heading a suitable mili
tary force againxt the common enemy thatjas
so cruelly treated this brave, true and chival
rous patriot. We need in the army more of
jut such, men as Alfred Stanly cool, fear
h ss, determined, and it is unjust to him and
injurious to the service to argue that he is too
rash, too impetuous. The timid, and others
whose hearts are not io this war, may object
to him ; but if we had more such men as
Alfred Stanhy, the Yaukees would dread our
forces more, and the war would sooner be over
and our independence acknowledged.
He is now at Greenville, N. C and writes
as follows, to a friend, of the manner in which
the Yankeos have recently served him, and
stripped him of his property at his homo near
Washington, N. C. :
"As soon as the Yankees heard of my ex
change, they came, about two hundred of
them, led by Col. McChesson, to my residence
and found my wife alone. The sallaht Col
onel enquired for me, and after a little bluster, t
gave tee signal 'well boys let's search the
house.' Then commenced the breaking of
locks, (as if your humble servant had boea a
purse filled with Yankee gold or silver $oin,k
deek8, trunks, band-boxes and drawls were
broken open, and the contents stolen Some
tied up te legs of old pants, thw making
sacks of them, and filled thetn with ladies
apparel Irom trunks or band-boxes ; others
took pillow-cases, while several spread down
sheets and tied thorn full f all manner of
articles to he found in a tiwelling. While
this scene was being enar .ted ia the house, the
smoke-house and pantry - brokeu open:
STG Kl,a,dir th!mei q& with bacon, while
"g, Z , f' ".V" " " "
n j lijvu stoio every
pad, spoon, knife a, ,a firr., even tt.a oookiog
utensils, l ney cleaned things up. Thev stole
all my wife s clot' jlng of every kind except that
which shtf was t' Jen vrearingand such as was
in the hands c tho laundress. So complete
was the victor -y gained fey the gallant Yankee
army over thv, 0i,i iajy tDat 6bei)a8 s-mce Deen
compelled to make her under-clothing of a bed
tick. All t'jat could be stolen without the aid of
wagons to, haul it away, was taken on this visit,
when tl 4e gallant Colonel returned to town,
covered with glory, feeling, -doubtless, as Wei
lingto'j .lid alter the battle of Waterloo. Un
forriUHtely for Mrs. Fannis Grist: Col. Mc-
Ch'jsson had seen her fine piano-forte, and sent-
aTsix - ho
yrife hai"
several i
orse wagon for that instrument. My
1 caused it to be sent, together with'
fine carpets, &c. to Mr. Allen Grist's.
te ratoer-m-law ot this widsnr lady. But that
did not save it they foliowcJ on and stole it
Mrs. Nancy Simmons, another widow la-
J had two trudks at my house, which were
opened and the contents stolen. My wife saw
Col, McChesson, himself, oncn a small tin trunk.
tlie P5'perty of the last named lady, who is
attention of the Yankee officers to these thefts,
which they invariably attributed to such brutal
sojdiery, a few of whom Compose a part of
all armies, and declared that it was done with
out the knowledge of the cffiiil. Ia this they
deceive Europe. It is bard to belic-vc that
there exists on the faco of the eart n nation
so forsaken by our Creator. -a05c. Go'd is mon.
ey, and with whom Patrimony is only a cloak
for free IcVrr cursed, degraded and depraved,
lost to all siense of shame. The best auongihem
will rob a widow or a grave, but never consent
to meet our armies with less than four to oue.
I must not forget to tell you, that after they had
stolen everything, even to the last piece of
meat, they burned the house and then vrent
around the plantation and burned theTfcuco,
Mot of the fine furniture beloairod g ray
nephew, J. A. Stanly, -:
1UJ "inicr luiwnru, nan a tlesic at my
residence, full of old papers, they were all
stolon. 1 have two brothers living some
where in Yankcedom. I must believe if they
knew the fiendish hell-hounds as well we do,
they would return to our native land, and as
sist . in driving the wretches away, or die
gloriously for the graves of car fathers aud
grand fathers.
Friends have asked m3. whv T do. not rinh-
n"fch an account of these rascalities. I have
answered that I am onlv one- amnnc mnv
thousands who have thus been treated bv
i i i .
such a merciless toe, and it would only bo a
art p in the bucket. Hut you have niv full
permission to do with this as you please.
"ON STANLY ON!"
FROM OUR KLXSTOX CORRESPONDENT.
Kinston, April 10, 1864-.V
Editors Confederate: Heavy firing, was
heard all the forenoon of the 7th, inside the
enemy's lines apparently in the direction of
Washington and BarringtonjB Ferry sup
posed to be the enemy saluting the arrival of
reinforcements along the coast.
A meeting of the people of Lenoir county,
of all parties, was .held in this place on yes
terday. I was not at the meeting, and arm
not able to give you an account of the pro
ceeding. When I learn the particulars, I
will furnish you with tberu. The object of the
meeting was,- I learn, Jo give Gov. Vance,
a unanimous nomination by all parties, and
invite him to comedown and make us a
speech. , .-
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, APRT fj 20
Butlx&ism. -We have Iward recency an
account of a characteristic act of I F. Sut
ler's which we give,; stsppressing samea. It
would seem that the daughter of a mh di.
tinguished citizen of North Casolina, bow
cwri, uau marnea a geutferaan. who died
recently at or near Washington City. Tho
bereaved widow, anxious her aSctioa to
cDjoy the society of a, uxce residing with her,
.obtain a permit front th yaskee Government
for these ladies to eater the jankee lines without
question. Butler, through whom, perhaps,
the permit passed, addressed a note to the
lady requesting tabe iaformed wjhen she pro
posed setting out, so that be might he pre
pared tojreceive her, etcM etc. The lady, with
tho true "spirit of a Southern woman, w'b.o ful-
appreciates suiter, rewrnea ne note withj
the endorsement that Miss
hadf $
never asked any favors from General Butler.
and could never receive any at his-hands. a
due time she started, but when she reaohedj
Fortress Monroe, the book was nuked at he.
-1J A ,i . iL J
auu shb was requireu to taKe ine yanixv.
oath of.allegiance, which, refusing to do, sjy
WAC tlrr.v1 1tit o 1 1 Vi nit orti tYn iirmtcc.c
sent her to visit her bereaved sister spec-la ? i
Thus it is that Butler resents the fca.fr ; jraj
iu.uiiiij; icii. iui uni wjf cvciy v.up WU nrA
UTrnn f tU !,.tU 4... il.. . 14011
vioiaiiug iije laitn 01 nis vxovernment p eded
to two high-toned and accomplished ' ja(ifes
Snrplv a fJnwprnmpnfc that rainc T4iif
, .er must
ue iosi to an sense 01 snama anq at . coir
-a n-.i . . . ocii-res-
pocu -in is is a matter or compare' yv
cent occurrence
Wilmington Jfowr j naim
re-
From the Macon (Ga.) Megr ogeTm
If- it is true that whoso love 0:ve, mil.h
It IS alcn friia H-iof ha V nwziia ' J . ?
. v. ,.. m Ul &(IW mu(;n jcarns
to love much ; and what is true nf inHiu
is alsotrue of States. Comp re the late mesl
sago or wrgiaawovwnor-withthe ad(ress
ot the exiled wuet ftlagistr ate of
Louisiana.
Mr. Eoitor ;Th , f indeedf s t.
ve sentences. Why is t ht lt Georgia, through
her Executive, Gov. Bro,wn l,aR hn BM sa
. o r : i r 7 i
pendent, so sensitive on tr;,e 6corfi f .v;,,,
principlea-rso bclligerer.t, that she must Deeds
If Governor Brown w'as to dav in tao,;t.',A
1 tiV-lcinn
of Gov. Harris, of T ennessee, or Gov Allen
of Louisiana, a refrlgec from the Executive
Chamber or surrounded by an enemy on all
sides, and be called frt,m tbo peaeefnI BUf.
Tonnduigs of his office to com maua his con
stnuents in the field, we shouVl not now ba
mourning over unnecessary an d disheartening'
couftic-ts of Georgia with.the Confederate au
thorities at Richmond. " It :is our own ood
fortune, Mr. Editor, heretof.ore, to which0 we
owe our present attitudu of hostility to Con
gress aud the "President." Kentucky, Missouri,
Tennessee, L-mmna and Arkansas, arc qui".'
ct under the terrible assumption of power by
Congress and the President. Only Georgia
is testy, infiumed. belligerent. And Georgi'a's
Governor is only cutting us shines" because
he has no enemy su convenient to fight as iho
President. Henry.'
rTiie Newsboy. We are sometimes iitvinM
uuc nitic new uuy ruueiy remine' harsh
were an boys once ayd vividy remember act$
vl kindness, and h iVo uever forgotten harsh
ness from men. 1
m i
m ivicoltect uiat many of these little boys
v "VVV cvKI) nr.eot them depend daily
"vii iminift io uuv nrovi:ons
ter earning money this way to begging ad
depending upon charity. We know' that' the
world generally regards them as a graceful
set of httle scamps, bnt in this there is a great
u"OMBB' au nve oi-meoi you will find
leu
--
lXTEFJtUl'TiON OF
FV1V
Ibavel IkQ forlowinsr
viirni:i irom me uicnmonci correspondence of
the Charleston Mercury shows how troublesome
and. annoying traveling is at present. We say
nothiug of tho expense that is bad enough at
home or abroad : -
Since the passenger trains was reduced to
- one a day, traveling haa beeoniea frightful
misery aud struggle. Ladies car abolished.
Soldiers to be seated first, then ladies, but not
their eseorts, and then anybody who. can fight
his way in. Trains never conneot. At Weldoa,
yesterday, there were 1500 people waiting the
oars, inside and out, platform and top, all
crammed, and hundreds begging and offering
bribes to be admitted, ' At Petersburg it was
ncarlv as bad." "
..... 'y -
The Alabama in the India Seas. We
have been permitted to copy the following
from a letter received iu Richmond from an
officer of the Alabama ': t
"StNGArouE, Straits of Malacca,' .
- "December 25, 1863. J
o o o "Twenty Yankee ships are laid
up and offered for sale. No freight in Yankee
vessels at all. The people are loud in their
praises ot the gallantry of the Southern peo
ple, and their whole hearts are in our glorious
cause. All the foreign officers are with us,
and the English government is bitterly opposed.
Yankees are held in great contempt, and their
lying newspaper reports not at all credited
by the people. A Yankee shin is rarely now
io oosecu in mis part ot the ocean. - All are
in
good health and spirits on board the
llabama."
It is remarkable, says the Charleston Cou
rier, that now when some Confedsrate jour
nals are hinting or even openly advocating
a recognitiorrof Beast fiend Butler, as a com
missioner and chief agent of exchange of
prisoners,. Northern editors and orators are
waxing bolder and bolder in denouncing him
and similar expouenta of Lincolnism.
Two Yankee Captains escaped from the
prison in Salisbury a few nights ago, and
another Yankee, in att. mpring to escape, was
fcb4t and immediately killed.
uu sFui,,UJS w any day for the past Plttluru, mucn lo ine aisgust ot the Georgians,
two years? The tfurh is, Mr. Editor she who reaent his attempt with great indignation
has bever felt tho keer, i torture nf ir.von and cal1 him, all sorts of hard names.
ly spoken to and even treated wit.'ft "Mows bv
those to whom he offers his papr.r jje ja no
doubt often importunate in oiaking a trade
and certainly alwavs has ;A boyish anxiety to
dispose of his little stock nf. n-,rr.W,j;c Jv?
V"11IVIIOVj. 4 1 t".
.ii ami clothes to wear, and that-they have
1.0 other means of making a living. Sonic of
them have the highest cense of honor and m-P.
at
- - .viic) iu ins wiuoa ea
noJier and thai.mother takes ittho raarl-t
to buy family supplies. Jfrcw, Contodcraie.
ic vine wno crivia hiu i ,
1864.
Bald Impudence.
Tbe-agife
ttublashiosv 1 111 ortu Carolina have the
J their mi soy
shei miJS ' tery
to attempt to identify
with tho.
ievous and imnracMKTo e,t,ow..
! Georgia Platform " as inaugurated
Jor Brown. We do not favor much
iter: but it is widely different from
den's plane, which the GeormA Pi,
by Gioar
of th.Ip
Mr. IStf ,
f0S01
toroeij
, O"- "
Inflinooi nm 7 i
' 'co upeuiy aenounce sn irai-
The Fayetteville Observe? thus brief-
Plainly exposes the difference :
"l?1 ATPORH.-The so-called
Z riSL0"? U"02ca the Geor-
etory our government sboufd' Ymane.
' atioiis to the yankees, as an cndorsciHenfof
ueir own plans and purposes. . It is very far
from being so. The North .Carolina agitators
go for State action in the matter the Geor
gians are against that and for the proper con
stitutional means, viz : proposals and negoti
ations and-a treaty through and by the Con
federate government alone. There is much
in the Georgia idea that is commendable
everything that is objectionable in that of the
Aorth Carolina agitators.
Our readers may possibly recollect that dur
ing the last summer's- discussion between the
vuserver ana tne Standard, we suggested the
moment of victory as the proper time for
peace talk from the Confederate authorities,
just as the Georgians suggest now six months
later. But th Q.Standard would not listen to us
That paper contended that it was useless to of-
ici ucgouauons to tne lankce by the Confede
rate Government as Georgia proposes for that
Lincoln could not and would not treat with that
government. It insisted on the insane idea of
a peace to be made by North Carolina. Of
course, therefore, the Georgia plan is not Mr.
Holden s plan ; or at least it is nnt what i-
Holden's plan was six months aero. In th frol
quent changes of that unstable politioian, it is
not possible to say what revolution his opinions
may have undergone within six months. Our
own opinion is that, as is not unusual, he is
attemptinff to further his
8chemea h7 affecting to. stand on the Georgia
If any one desiroa proof of the Standard
position six months ago as stated above, we
will pubush it for the third time. Our readers
will recollect that it was taken hv thai: nanpr in
its long reply to our anneal which was Wi.i
into the Observer of August 27, 1863.
The Right Ylcw.
The Wilmington Journal takes th$ correct
view, we think,, of the matter discussed in
the following article ;
Men have been "known to speak disrespect-
iuuy or tne .North Pole Without disturbing
its coolness in tlie least, or," so far as has. been
erraiVjci, having any evil intensions of a
fcorious character against it. Keeping this
fast in view, we are inclined to" the belief that
rryther cxciJcd man whom we heard talk
last week, really meant no barm in hastily
objurgating both Holden and Vanco. What
L he really meant was to "curse this constant
wrangling that some parlies keep up in this
State for their own aggrandizement. He was
impatient of the idea that now, standing on
the threshold. of what all look forward to as
the most bloody and most critical campaign
vi me war, inc people oi iNonn Uiroiina
should be set at variance, disturbed, annoyed,
merely for factious rurnoscs.
We confess to some of the feeling of the out- I
'spoken gentleman, although we do not care to j
use his expressions. We arc heartily sick of !
this eternal wrangle.thiu pertinaciously kentun
kept upon purpose prerneditatodly. and as !
We might say, with malice aforethought.
There was no need for a gubernatorial struggle
tbis-j-ear'iu North Carolina. The ouTs, "
the so-called, falsely -named 14 -Destructives"
were conteut, for peace sake, to be the , outs."
The candidate of the. self-styled " Conserva
lives " was and is the inpumbent. The men
of that party .were 'aud arc the" in," for
after all the humbug that has been blown
around about Governor Vance throwiugjam
self into the arms of the" Destructives," and
so forth, and so on. we dn nut ihint- ti.if
" " ' w 1 .t
LsinpleuvlI - aiiH.Hntiriifp.il
where auy, tjio vary least office or preferr.cnt
in the gift of the State has been given to any
of tho latter party Governor Yatce has not
thrown himself into their'arms criainly, nor
can it bi said that any support they may be
willing to accord to hi n is the result of per
sonally iutercstd motives.
They overlook all this. They think his is
no time for electioneering or political intrigues
or divisions. Will any oneway that it is 1
They know that Governor Yaice is not their
man, and even those who assert differently,!
know that he ia not ; bat however this may be,
or whatever grounds of complaiut they may
have, they are satisfied with Governor Vauce's
position and general conduct as Governor of
the State; they are sick and tiretf of political
wire-working and contention, they waive all
merely personal oV party causes of dissatisfac
tion, and they say Let Governor Vance be re
elected, let us have no division among ourselves.
We squabble for no State patronage. We seek
no political differences and no political triumphs.
And this is or has been the feeling of the
people at large. If a different feeling has
been excited, if divisions have been promoted,
the fault, and it is a grave ooe, the responsi
bility, and it is heavy, rests with those who
bave excited that feeling have promoted those
divisions.
Upon whom does this - responsibility, rest ?
Who are those who, while professing friend
ship for Governor Vance, havi? been secetly
forging'the weapons of. opposition, weaving
the web of political intrigue, casting out the
net of demagogneisrn to entangle the unsus
pecting in its meshes ?
Can there be any doubt upon the subject?
Can there be more than, one answer fo tbi
question? Have not, Mr. Hidden and his
frienda been doing these things? Is uot Mr.
Holden the self-nominated candidate, who, to
subserve hia own ambitious projects is seeking
to create all this turmoil in North Carolina 1
We confess that we have little patience with
thic trumpery. V e have little timu or. incli
nation to engage in this fate&line squabble.
We repeat we are in the position of the irate
gentleman. We feel like objurgating those who
compel us to nut on the long disused harness
of political discussion. Why will the iu-
NO. .12.
hot water; ieir
and wedj not like it. "wnutoun
AKMT JfETTS.
The Sobcvepobt RchsE.-Ry lhftfol.
towing ofheial dispatch from Major General
Many, it appcrs that the "repulse of ihe
yankees- at Shroveprt, was something
more a handsome victory :
Mobile. April Il.-To Ge.v. S. CWb
Adjutant and lnnt.- n t 1. P.E?
o-img report , vas receive i B. i;,;.
B
rnrf. T
How many can you accommodate in hospi
tals at Baton Rouge ? Steamer Essex or B''n
ton, destroyed by tTpednes in Red river, and
a transport captured by Confederate.
Fan-aunt reported preparing to atrj-ck Mo
bile. Six monitors coming to him. The
gamsous of New Orleans and Baton R ue
were very much reduced for the nnrm
increasing Banks' forces.
D. II. Maitrt,
Major General Commanding.
A Real Yankee Thick. The Salisbury
(N. C.) Watchman has the following account,
of a trick played at ihe prison there, which"
is entiiely Yankee :
A paroled Yankee, having gained the con
fidence of the Commandant of ihe prison, was
employed there as a guard. While fi-Ung this
position ho accepted a bribe of $500 from a
brother Yankee, to let him escape. At the
appointed time the escape was attempted and
would have been effected but for the paroled
Yankee guard. He prevented it. Did he go
to Iiis brother Yankee when ho saw him
emerainz from the prison and toll him, sir;
take back your monpy, 1 can't d. this thing ?
No. He allowed he man t come out of tlie
window and then shot h:u l killinS him oa
tho spot,
-Affairs in The Valley. From all we
can hear from the Lower Valley, the enemy
ar particularly zealous in gnardin the Balti
more and Ohio railroad of late. The inference
-is that they are transporting troops over that
road to relnforoe the Arnvy'of the Potomac.
About a wcfk aro a battalion of negro sol
diers vUited Winchester, where ihey remained
several hours, but ijd no damage during their
stay. A gentleman who siw them says thev
seemed to be dejected, and looked m.-re like
prisoners under guard of the few white sol
diers who accompanied them than soldiers'
with arms in their hands.
The report that Mers. Cmrad and Wil
liams had been earned off by them is with
out foundation.-
Bardabity or Nkgio ?oluikr. We arc
permitted, says the Sou.'ru OLtcrrer, to make
the following extract from a letter written by a
lady in Yazoo City to a triend in Al.-ib uia, rel
ative to the recent visit of tlu Yankees to that
city :
"Wc dreaded very much to ?ee them come
on accouut of the negroes Most of the men
were negroes. They; as soldier's, are the rao-.t
ferocious and unrelenting of human heinj:s. .
Wc dreaded their coming as of wild beas"t-. '
On last week they took an old nn;i iuy.n near
Satarifk (Col. Harris.) nn 1 beat him to death
with a feuco rail. They c irdured two of our
scouts, aud after schooting them seven times,
knocked theru in the hsad and left them. Two
young ladits built a pm r.rouud thrin and thus
preserved them from the hogs. Such "oarbaii-.
tics as these are being daily committh"
Pretty Good Wock i-oit One B:;:(;.ik.
A writer in the Lynchlrurg llcpublican given
ti c following result the operations of
Brig. Gtn W. J. .loues's 1 rg.tde during it
- labt cafnpaign of ssven engagements:
The fruits of th( S3 engagement have boc'i
1 7G7 prisoners, between tfOO and -JC0 of th.j
' enemy killed and wounded, 152 wagons, 7
pieces of artillery, aud about 2000 hors.s and
mules. AU this has been doc diiriug an
unusually severe winter, without tcots, with
out comfortable clothing, almo.st shoeless, and
with horses worn djwn by constant use aud
scarcity of forage.
ThomasviLle, April 11, 18S4.
Messrs. Editors; In my communication
to you a few days since, giving you an ac
count of the discussion at Lexington, between
A. G. Foster, Lrieut. GA. Leach ane Captain
Ramsey, I omitted to mention what I regard
to bo an importa-nt fact lo all true and loy d
men, viz: Lieut. Col Leach stated in tlie
winding up of his reply, that a convention
was tho means by.H hich we could readily
and speedily get peace; and il a convention
was not speedily called, and tlirough it pro
posals speedily made for pestec, wc wvuld l
a ruined people (or words to tnat import)
lie went on to nay that every body ought to be
for peace, (who is not?) holding out the olive
branch, He spoke of the uselesaues and enor
mity of the war, and how tnuob the Yankees
had gained, leaving the impression upon all who
heard him, that il is folly to contend longer wfta
the Yankees ; that the remedy i to call a Con
vention the great cat hoi icon of all evils and
peace would surely follow. In short, tfie speech
was a picture of gloom and despondenoy, and
not the first ycord did he say by way of encour
agement to the people or commendatory of the
Confederate States. Notwithstanding his lugu
brious and desponding declarations now, this
same man.pub:icly declared in Lexington at the
outbreak of the wnr, that any man who was able
to go to wr aod did not do so, ought to be kicked
so high that the blue birds might build neeisio his
hair before he "could fall to the ground," Then
he so much enthused that he got up com
pany of volunteers and promised them he
would never leave them, neiather by resigning
nor should he be promoted. Before they got
to the battle-field atDanvillo, he was raado
Lt. Colonel, and he forgot -hU promises, and
after the first Manassas fight he resigned; thus
sticking to his profiles over ihe left.
By the way, what right has Lt. Col. Leach
tc represent the people of North "Carol ma in
Cor.gfess? He is most all of bis time in the
Southwest where all his property and. posses
sions lie, except a house and lot in Lexington
and a small pittance ho has been making out
of the poor people' by sueiag out writs of
habeas corpus for them. HAYWOOD.
I
Zrl t"' f (r leN) for c.ch
chargM adrtrtkemeBt.
JOB WORK.
Jon WORK
"" d0" "T'hm i. the So.th". o!!-
h.?-l XT Nour.-A " Ya,.W. Wh
nasrecentlv nmt-i . '
niM n . .1
",uuai '"esaics, and s,nro i.f tl e ..r.
s::: : y!il.l,ir At iha.u;.rt.
.... m.Mii uiHnioo Ik
ptace; lie is a Acw Lnland tnan. The phuo
bears many of the marks c f war. The imiible
covering of sonic of ihetomto of the 4!d rid
den ts have b-en removed by the soldiei. to ho
rsid iu the construction of iheir pi:rter.
The work Uoa the plantations is d,.ne in a
slovenly roant.cT. This i. iu nuisrqm nee of
he insolence if the negroes and lack of t e
liencc of Nortliem men viking j lant.it i
Wch-arn fron the B U. I ;,i2't.'c. th.it
since our army left the icinity of Ki.oxvii!'.
the Unionists have been robbing and murder
ing the Confederates. M;ij-r licurgc V.
Day, of the 12th Tennese c:v aln- Tm
sud a t in ular to the Uni.n ritizm in the
vicinity f II .gersville, Moml)'irrf Jh-an ISta
tion and Tazewell, declaring that some of th.
mot brutal out ragrs known iu l.it,,iv, h.n
been committal un.m nnnitiKd Htizi-i
inuocent women, by Union citir.ers, ainl that
if anotber tingle wrong is iidlicted up.-n nM
unuffondiii'; South r family, he would vi.st
their homcn with Joarful retaliatioii.
. .
The Kafeigh Confederate ropfew a letter
from the Bichmoud Vispfitch, giving ttu ac
count of the battle of Slouidv Lniitain,
and sivs:
' Obwrvcf, ' tho rrny ot-rripomhr.t f
the H:chmo'jl Dispatch, from (ion J hi.st. n'n
army.Jimhr iJate of March lilat, pay th- f...
lowing tribute to the gallantry of lh' K tth
Car.'liui.iiis and Virginians i: th it t .itk,
which was we'! contested ou h V.i m
his account will tdinv.
Onservcr " Usid his letter .ihA ao-i.unt
givi-n by r-ur correkpond, nt Ci.iir, ' ai.d
iKit on his own observations. Our tornvp-.n i
vni'6 letter cave full ne.iit ,l. the gill tit
Noith Capliiii.tis uiid 'ijiriaix ui 1-i I'.ii.
tieu. A. . Boynohrs. Ala'.nta
n-l'i;t,t-
xai.klakd, Pitt Co., April 4th.
"Mlsmis. Knrrons: lloldfii stck Is v i-
luW down here.
I have not heard of a m.ifV
i ptrson
who
Will vo:e (r i.im. II'n
i
I friend auj imppoitei.s wh to he ... -t c! f -r
years to make secei u.Uts. :u.,l vn.-n: !.. . , -,
tcr'.evl as soon as hi te nt h;n .! rn'mii
j led, ap'y t him the l.mgu -l i .
j when her great son la! hetr.i.d W:z c-u:;ir ;
tho b"t, Ui
" " '"' UJ'IU FIlHil MUTlDV rf.1!) I Hieil H
!.... II Ill
tluTibv rcii)
Winse rr'putatinn will be cl'i'd with cuim t ;
Whose ehror.itltf i writ. Th ttni.tr t n. !,.'.,
Ji'tt-iti hitla.l uttthipt ht ' ij'tt it ,;
Totkt cif'iit'y oyc, uh'iorr'd. "
The other piti..n, yvl t':d bv Mr. U.
ervatjve, will -.il! vote hr (i.iv
V.i!:- : :h v
t il be ! .
W.
av t! ey 'Into II hY:i,
us L.;i
I'cvu their Iriciid..'
I'.ii- th CtriltjiTii:-.
Camp Mausu all, xku 0;.m.ki'. If.. s.,
Aj ;ii 1th. is.; . ,
! It is a pleasure (o acknowii :!pe, i- 5 In',:' ..!
j Company G, 47th N. !. Hiimei.!. u Mi'n .V'r.
I contribution vf cck ftr.ni the ird: m tf !..ti -
' I 1 W .1 . .
uurganu Ticiimy. ji.c ii...riks oi u.: rw.i
pany aie hereby tenh.red to thr-tn f;. TUt.t
contnnt kiudncMt :icd iit irality, T!.:miev .
ev id circa of their thouhtfuiues i. ijeilly
grateful now, during the 1-ur.eiitvd imjr'foi.
ment of Captain Divif. Wlnl.t we lne il.o
appriul and kind effort? of the f.;r nud b.t Jy
j at home, our hearts will he i:cfvrd ti ti.une
j greater suffering, and our arms .trtugthenvd to
I us ueeus of greater u at in jr.
r. iw:.fTf
l.tLt., Commanding Co. (i..17ih N". i:
iiinf;suii)t..
UAVINit OUTAIN'KU THE SKKxTCIiS n
Mr. Woodward, one of the l.ctt Tur.ru f iu
the Confederate State. I ate uow rrair ar.J ro .
ccivir. IIIDhS tw TnO on Sfnro. 1 tun fr
one-half, and sell uiy biro to wterf, (rx pi
speculator.) at oe do'Ur pr pom;d,ir f r ne
third and sell as 1 clu'x.fc. Tanning J..e ( r in,
digent ftollicri' f4iniljfi frca oj ranro. 1 ri;l
ro tan and fiefch leather f ;r tho -vrvt.)cnt .r it.
dirldails on SvMSo.Me term. rcr'n rvjuirir.
infunnatin are ief::rcd t the cdifri f tii
Cuvftdtrnf. J. KOHT. JtTFF.-i: V..
ap 1 i.7-llwAw4i.
Ijead Mine InterestlbFSale"
I AM DISIMISKD TO SKLh il l.VTKKK.ST
inthsWYTIIE -U.VIO.V Li;AI MI.NK COM-
tofayahary per centum tu the itcLhuiderf,
I invite g'-'ntlenvn of capital to examine thvr.p
erty. Mr. Wm. Kohlcr, the agrht, will jrivr all
the necessary information, or they can call an t
toe me at -Hickory Grove tr I'opUr Ca:n, iu
Wythe countv, Val
ir.h 2fi-52-dU-wU A. X. CUA1F1N.
W KEYVARD.
T ANA WAY FROM THE SUHSCRIItKR 0.
.tV the 14th of February, a NKUKO WOMAN.
Said woman i aboat 30 years of ac, ctTorlcxion
black, height 5 feet four inche?, and has loft her
right breast, by a cancer. Sqpre hc is try
ing to pass herself off as a frt-a wouan in tho
neighborkooJ of Knap of RcU, or I'ally ilo,
Oraavillc eountj, N. C. The above reward will h
paid lor her delivery to roe r confinement in jail
to that I can get her. SARAH K. R0.SS.
ap 1 57-wtt Darhxais Sutlon, N. C.
Lost Certificate or Stock. -..The under
signed has lost thefuMowig Qertiticate, No.
1424 tor f 500, bsoed to T. N. Coojr, Kaleigb.
dated Julv 29th 16C3., sad aigned oer to Saw!
Martin. Every person is forbidden to purchase
the same, asappliea'iaa will be made fr iis rew,
ah SAM'L MARTIN,
4 6w Salem, N. 0
OOf of Chirr Quartermaster, Ralelsh.
February lTtb 1881. Proposals will be re-cejpfHlUa-
oulee until the 28th Int., for the
maJriare of Oil from the Tithe Pea NaU.
lToJJosal!i roust state the price par gallon fr the
oil produced; tn the Government will require
the total produce of oil as well as oilcake.
W. W. PCHICE.
20-d2t A 3 1 Mai. and Chief Q. M.
Wilmington Journal, Fayetteville Ohiee
ver, Raleigh Standard and IVtirLburc- Reiriitt r.
formatmn rcfpccting affair, r.tBufort, .S C
The sale oldrtul ,J, rwmed. i
the -contrnhands" are p-emi.tir' th j!
twenty acres c?c!it under the in?
?,Rr, f fr- 1Vcrch tUt Urn, 1
ted to hold their claims. 'nr it I I '
- nn r v Ml
f I-.; ,""n' awe v.a s.Jdat au-ti f, .
f-r a !ltt,e over $900 ; thinfor,3t U, -I t
t he same , W for 1.200, ,,d l f., 7, t
roU it for .000. Gen. Sxtnn rrr.
chasecTa magnificent huuse for $Lo J,; t
copy 3 times and send bill to Maj. Teirca.