v" r J j .
THE CONFEDERATE.
THE CONFEDERATE.
AD V2RTISINdr.
At) VPRTl S KM BNTS witt be inrlcd tt rMtti
imLLARi per eqcmretif ten linen (or 1m) fox eacb
iftwrtion. MarriVje notirei and o'itoariea Will b
. charged aa adrertiteraeats,
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK of every deecripjfon will beex
eeltd at this Office witb diipatvh, aril ?eitlv
as ciir be done anywhere in the Sonthetn Con'
rderaeT".
rT5
A. M. G : U 51 A X fc CO., Proprietors.
TERMS:. -
UAll.V KIMYIOX, fori, months.... ..$15
. j tt y
3
Tll-W :i:KiY, Tor G months. 10
" . " 3 " 5
V bV KUlTfON. for 6 months 5
. m- i cri t!!i,i will be received any other
t . r ..ti ..in ih. ;.bove, nor i'ur longer or shorter
I t 1.
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY," JULY 13, 1864.
NO. 2t
O
The Fourth of July.
! ; ',vas i ;m ; a
day cf sacred recollections.
(', i: n",t; vait:r usii e'.d t! at graud pledge of
, .-ot !re and sacrnl honor to the principle
rf foment to tie declaration of .the
i fi e people to alter and abohh a form
if ' i i.ment which been met subverfcive of
; i ..- nr-d prespi rity.end te establish anew
'-::.TPt; '-triving its just powers from the
c '.. . i e Trt.e.l." Celebrated through
ur.r r years with' bonfires and rejoicings,
1 1
r
'.?;'; of July 1 ad come te be considered
J .y of Liberty ; and everywhere
'vii the wid' wide world, a and
n en and women, boys and girls, the
.d i "-, were tanjbt its glorious a?so
. an 1 bowed in homage, to its holy
, ? tin-
ti.rfj.i '
ji'h Mi
it:-)
: n .-' :
I'S.
ft was left to the hated and
r-:"d yanker, to make it a day ef loathing
'r!.l rf sr.,rn. False to every precept which
ft taught ; faiMih'ss to every pledse it recog
!; ?! ; trey have desecrated its chaneter and
c'f v,.riid i' .into a derision and by-word.
Wi t f. ii-. .r j records te infamy of their
i t-r :nin-s, at they now are summoned to
iiji th'.4 its!, it will require neither iovctive
t or ubi:t tn stsvn tne page the reital of
ino!'j!:ii u.s tie-tchf-ry. untruth and an iStacy,
fcfi;ni is the &i rr j!st form of narrative,
vi! aUrtl the wurli, for th nrtjrntude and
oe''-.r"i! v ofthe;r rueas, dprated rir-e, aco-rs'-.t?r?
f) ut d t'trel.'jed in the yanket nation.
With vth-f .-hdow of justic 'id their fathers
it: ". ik- the !i!p at:d protecfiii f HeaTeo o
t!;e : :r: of the first llevitlution, if the pep1
of th;-. V oiif-deracy m.iy not expect it for
osi,; Vi.?t the Csihi.iiee united ajainst
th" tjivcr ant of their Kinj, thry were
; '') 'is r-oi:itiHixH .gainst a lawful sovc
fr::;. I'lro-, they were sovtrcitjllti'S com-riUft:.;;-i
Stitf-s nhosen!)' connection with
ti.' fTi tr.il ' ofrr;out whic'u now wagps
w:ir on ts:, woi by acmpwt ef tlieir own
nik'ui inadie their n)TriB capacity. A
c.i'oprt.'.t 'fi'v: formei-a i hy treat)', A
trc;i':y w.hic'n relinqtMehd rijhts an4 planted
limited j". m,-rs, a: 1 which resr?ei oihiT
ji iVr, rs. A rcivpwc.t iu'rie oi coraiiiti m, pro-
riiii-;; in
fe Terr erent which has comeeK
to
a-
Whoever ri!! turn to the "Act
of Ac i f-f-Uo to the
ti is of fp r dr-r
Union and liatifica
1 Cuustituiion " bv
t i H cov
j. V . I
it't'.rcr.t convention of vim State of
ik, r. il! discover that this S'ate entsr-
C'i in!" ti: lTi:ori by a form of ra'tiication,
' I,
i v : ions piecueor. amongoincrs. was
t 1 . !
t'if .i ;."U.'!e p w?r rerrel with a clar
ard i i-t'n i t rihpha-is: "The powers of gov
rtui.rt;t inj' b K&ar-unied hy the peonlt,
:, i Liver it shall became- necessary 'to
:'.. o h -y, ir.e.-ii." This 'power of reassump
; .n r i" tcv-r parted with; but by precis,
thfr.i.r r.ti'ive language, was retained,
" d.-.;nain id' the Statn of New York, t
i.er p.-iple exrcid without lot or
: whenaoeverin thsir judgmaat tfanir
f.- f.jie'it require it. TIis condition,
a i: ; ;' Wy the St.-ite-of New York to her act of
l v I .', a'i on, with ail thn other conditions, dec-
; '4r-.d impresi. as therein set ferth
i -.d, ai d on discotion acceded to
j'.-!, and were made precedent to hr
:i to tie Federal Union, which folio wet
-r.e "f their acceptance. The obliga-
I'ohm wwis only imposed on that State
t A'r.itaail a.'enj with these accepte
vr-r?
a;.o
tt.t i"V
in
I.
t.
to thl
C-.s .,'
(.);. ti r tiy (.f her aceefcsien, it was not
t nor coma it mcieaner ne rauiT can-
ed i: ip
tl; n, that Nvv York had the right
to biild I v the ileclaratioas and conditions
?e ;Lic '. by feer convention, as the terms of
hr r utdou with tiie othar States We speak
of Nv. w York b'-caoje the conditions of her
union ate so dearly set forth, and they occur
to cur mind.. The federation of the States was
en the a wed principle of Mate equality iu
regard to ioveieigiify ami juriidictien; and thn
Terv fact of admitting New York to the Uu
ion with tho cimdition.- she prefixed to the act,
v? t lie virtual extension of the same condi
tio.!" to every other State, whenever try kap
jiness or the rights of su:h State might call
i'or t! ir pr ration. ,
Nevertheless, after compelling the South to
abandun the Uoien. by a pratiu of wrong
an.i ioult, tld Federal Unnn now vrage? war
Mj.on us, ind 'tiince of their accepted stipu
'ai'. ins. in t.Ual disregrl of gd faith and
ctoir.tvv. b.metT, and in breach ef that
pledge of ti lelity and houor which it bound
itsi if hy in the first Revolution, aad which it
profeserd to renew cn each succedinf fourth
of Julv.
We are in Teceipt of two letters Irem "Wolf
Fitt 1 O,' in Onslow county, complaining of
the del iy in receiving the Confederate at that
cfiica. We understand from them that the
mad for Wolf Pitt leaves Wilmington on Fri
day. If so, then our paper of the Tfednesdsy
previeus should go by that mail. The Con
federate leaves here by Wednesday's cars and
oupjht to reach Wilmington, and" does, we sup-po!-e,
th next day, Thursday, in time for
Friday's mail. We hope the Postmasters at
GoldK W and Wilmington will hereafter at
tend to our paper being forwarded in due
ct-utse of mail.
During Morgan's raid inte Kentucky he
( jir.ture i 2.800 prisoners. 3 000 horses, cnt the
?rd!r. a s and destroyed a large amennt of
govtruuuvnt property.
Perjnry;
The orn of Mr. Holtn. in this city, ex
plicitly charge, the followiDf persons with
the abore ctime of f erjury, in thie languajp:
Tn all ?crinusnss, if O. ChurchiM, Benton
Holland. J. 1$. Lnng.R. M. Snj anfi Sias
Beck with ure p roper to join a secret order and
take horrid stha which they promts net to
di vulge, and ihen perjure (Jiemselve by divul
ging them, what is it all to Mr. II widen and his
friends?
We are rot the defender of these men ; bat
here it is seen with how little regard for feel
irjr or character, men ere treated because of
the ptrfermarice by them of an ,act of duty.
We do not not loitbt that these were all
supporters of Mr. Uolden ; nor do we doubt
that tbey were seduced into this organization
by eoe shrewd ctor, who is yet to be detec
ted. They hare done a great wrong, and
bare made themselves amenable to the law
of the land ; but they hare committed no act !
: ' i m. J '. '
oi perjury, m rip?ini; inu wnui'rnwinj;
from a criminal nsseoiation ; and they ought
not to rest content untar ?uch a cha'-je. They j
now owe it tn themselves and to their country
nw that this harsh and insulting accusa
tion has been made ngainst thm,by thn au
thtrity of Mr TToTden, thrctjb he Progress
a char,? of perjury to ceme cett and expose
all thty kco'.y about this cowardly nd crimi
nal eague to tell who initiated them, and
who are the prime loaders to go before a
udge ef the Superior cenrt, or before the pwr
ernment co tan missi oner and makeacVan breast.
It t beliered that this disgraceful and crim
inal society was started by a person in high
office that it came te him from the Yankees
that he his not joined himself, bit is aa guilty
as if he had and it is of him and f the
nngdeadera that the Gorerumtnt wishes tn
tak notice.
Mr. Churchill, Mr. Lmjr, Mr. Beckwith and
the Hwlland, will not fully hare discharged
their duty, nor cleared their skirts, until they
lay bare the guilty instruments who led them
into this association, and until they thoroughly
unfold its evil purposes.
And now, the loyal people of North Caro
lina have imposed upon thern thn soTemn
obligation ti face this nefarious organization,
and crush it ; to brinp the leaders, whe arc
no less than tories, to punishment ; and not'to
rest satisfied until the ineffable discrace ef it
is wiped out. From Greene county to the
mountains let the Slate be purified.
If ever tb judiciary of a Sate. were called
en, the Judges of North Carolina are jiow,
to do their p?rt.
We are withotlt news to-day from Virginia,
either by ne6aptr or telegraph.' A gentle
man on the train, however, brings the irUir
matien, that Grant has withdrawn his arm
frona the south to the north side of the Appo
mattox thus abandoning hisattack on Peters
burg, aod looking o another advance on
Itichoior.d, designing, it is said, to combine
with his land assault also an attack by water
unless the stubborn works at Drewry's
Bluff, and our iron-clads, Should dispnte ad
prevent is passage, as they are sure to do.
We regard this as Giant's dying struggle, in
which he will fail, and failing he will find some
execuse fur retiring from before Richmond, as
he has Petersburg.
We understand very heavy artillery firing
was heard northward yesterday, significant of
an engagement between the two arndes. If
io, we may hear .semeihicg of it by telegraph
before ffoirg to press.
The Petersburg and Weldon Railroad has
ben ordered to he repaired now, as the Yar
kee raiders have been pretty well gobbled up.
The repairs, it is said can be made in a short
time. The wires are werkinjf through to
Petersburg.
Churchd.
We are still beset by the preachers ; and
the only consolation that we have, is that as
long as they invest us, we are safe frosa the
devil ; for e are very sure that he will have
more magnanimity than to ' fall aboard of a
fellow who has already , against . him two to
oue that is, if Milton properly describes him.
If they don't let us alone, we shall call in
the "Ladies Relief Association," which can
furnish to both of them more useful and pro
fitable occupatiou.
We have got nothing to de with the
"Apostolic succession." The question with
us is, which is tn succeed the Devil's imp,
Graut, or Ged's chosen servant, Rlfbert E.
Lee Johasten or Sherman the Confederacy
or Lincoln. On this success, depends life,
liberty, hnpe, honor, all, with us.
Perad venture we may still be free from the
evil one that Insteth after our soul. We pray
the preachers to continue to have ms in their
holy and charitable keeptng.
Brigadier General Lucius Pwlk, formerly of
this city, was severely weunded in the leg in
one of the recent battles in Georgia. We are
glad to see that his wound is not as serious as
at first thought. He is at the Bead ef a splen
did command that has distinguished itself in
every cotflict in which it has been engaged ;
and we are glad to learn that net a great .while
will elapse before he will be" able to lead his
dashing brigade in the thickest of the fight.
The New Firm. 1
We have heretofore called the public ntten
tienfe the fact, that Mr. Holden, ia anticipa
tion ef being elected Governor, has charged
Governer Vance with "breaking bis contract "
with tfeergc N. Sanders thereby reeffgnixing
the claim of said Sanders te enopeos damages,
and ceaniitting the State te pay the said claim.
So, if Mr. Helden should be elected, 8adere
wenld hold him to this adnifsioa, and the State
could only escape by repudiation. We have
also assured ths 'pnblic, that this claim ef
Sanders it an impet-ture and a cheat that
dev. Vance did net break any contract with
Mr. Sanders" bnt that the latter wholly faile'd
to execnte his contract. In proef ef this, we
offer te the public to-day the response of Mr.
Jehn White, our Comnaissiener for the negatia-
tien ef the Cotton Bnds, who was ia London
all the while knew all about the matter, and
whe is, we believe, as upright a man as there
is in the State:
Wabr'efton, N. C, 2nd Jnly, 1864.
Col. D. K. McRai, Raleigh :
Dear Sir: I have received yeur letter of the
25th ultimo., containing the following questions
addressed te we :
" let. Whtther Mr. Sandersdid not oentrnct
with Gov. Vance to famish amy supplies at
Halifax and receive Naval Store bonds ia pay
ment; ami whether be did not wholly fail te
execute this contract ? "
" 2nd. Be pleated - to state whether, after
Cel. McB'.e'a arrival in Europe, be did not afford
every facility to enable Mr. Sanders to execute
his contract. Whether he did net wait upon
htm from March until June, and until it was
etearly tnauifeet he was wholly without the
credit te execute the contract ? "
. 44 Srd. From year knowledge of the facts, did
Gov. Vaace break hie coatraet wtth Mr.
Sanders, or did Mr. Sanders break his contract
with Gev. Vanee ? "
I will proeeed to answer yonr questions, in
the order in which they stand, aa briefly and
plainly as I can.
Awr te question First:
On the 1st December, 1862. Mr. G. N.
Sa&ders wrote a leter te Governor Vance, stating
that he was'prepared fram knowledge dtrived
from a recent visit te England e.nd Neva Scotia,
to enter itito a contract with the State of
North Car!ina for the supply of Army
Stores in large quantities, receiving in pay
ment State scrip for Naval Stores on tl?e terms
thrrein mentioned ; and proposing to the Gov
ernor, that for such scrip thftt he would de-
liver to the agent of Gov. Vauee at Halifax,
Nova Scotia, coffee tea, boot, shoes, fixed
ammunition and clothing, at Yankee Govn
ment prices; also any quantity of Minnie
rifi-s, with bayonets of the best Belgian make,
at '10; also original percussion muskets with
bayonets at $7 50 each, and altered percussion
mu?kf;ts at $4 50 a piece, freight and marine
insurance fiom Antwerp to Halifax to be
added to these prices ;lso accoutrements and
equipments to correspond to the arms aforesaid,
at Yankee Government prices. No tim was
specified in .he letter for the delivery of the
articles, but 1 presume that Mr. Sanders, when
he wrote the Inter, expected to deliver them
in a reasonable tune after his preposition
should be agreed to by Gov. Vanc, and with
but little delay, as he must have known that
tha articles were urgently needed by th State
of Nrth Carolina. On the back of the said
. letter, or ou fume part of the tame paper, there
is a writing in these words :
"Executite Department of N." C,
RJeigh, December 22nd, 1862. j
'The foregoing contract or offer agreed to,
and I agree to take for the State of North Car
olina on terms named, 2,000 muskets, first
class, 400 Eufield rifles with bayonets, 100
Belgian telescopic guns, 500,000 rounds of
fixed ammunition to suit.
"Fill up balance of cargo) with army shoes
imd a few bales of woolen cloth.
Z. P. VANCE,
Governor of North Carolina."
This bill (except the telescopic guns) may
be duplicated to the numler of ten thousand
muskets and two thousand Enfield rifles and
ammunition, shoes and cloth n rrMpirion.
Z B VANCE.
I saw while in England the original letter
from Mr. Sanders, and the above writting
signed by Governor Vanne; and I hive now
before me copies of both, hich I believe to
be correct, in a pamphlet recently published
by Mr. Sanders in England, which has bocn,
to some extent, .distributed in North Carolina.
See pages 5, 6, 7 and 8 of that pamphlet.
According to the contract, the Naval Store
bonds were to be received in payment for the
articles, according to the express terms of the
contract itself, and as Gov Vn nee caused the
bends to be in readir e.-s to be delivered up
so soon as thp articles g'iould be fnrnished as
Mr. Sanders well knew, and a Mr! Snnders
never furnished any of the articles stipulated
tor, of course the latter wholly failed to per
form his com r act.
Answer to question Second :
I bve every reason -to believe from what I
heard and saw in England, that after yonr
arrival there, you were anxious for Mr. San
ders to fulfil hi contract with Gov. Vance,
and that you exerted yourself at various times,
from March unil June 1863, to enable him
to do so, and indeed until jou had reason to
relieve that the contract would not be per
formed by him.
Answer to question Third :
From my knowledge of the facts scquired by
me as State's Agent in rglaud4 I am well
satisfied that Gov. Vance did net violate tbe
contract, bnt en tbe contrary was aaxiens and
willing to carry it into exeeution, nnd did every
thing in his power to bring about its perform
ance. I am equally well satisfied that the con
tract was violated by Mr. Sanders.
Yours, very respectfully,
JNO. WHITE.
The Soldiers Yote,
On Thtirsdaj, the 28 h day ..f Julybeing
the Thursday preceding the regular election
in the State. We will publish to morrow,
the Ordinances, authorizing the Soldiers to
vote for Governer, Members of the Ltgislaiure,
Sheriffs, &c
Perjury.
Let Messrs. C&urchill, the two Hollands,
Beckwith, Long and Suggs, take netice, that
Mr. Holden copies from the Prre$s the
article which charges tsem with perjury, in
these words :
"In al 1' seriousness, if O. Ctnfchill, Benton
Holland, G. H. Holland, J. Br L ns, R. M.
Sugi?, and Silas Beckwith, see rop: r to join
a secret order and take horrid - oat hs, which
they promiee not to divulge, arid ihn perjure
themselves by diridgincf them, w 'hat is it all
to Mr. Holden and bin friends"
Bat. we tell these men, fer their cemfort,
that although Mr. Helden charges perjury
upea them by this publication, trut this is
only one of his 'honest arts"- his kaleidos
copic views. .
Iu 1S55, the political order ef Know noth
ings existed. It was a secret organization,
no't for pnrposes ofeireason, but for polincal
purposes. Its members Don ho themselves by
an oath, and arowtfg other oaths, to keep secret
the proceedings of the socitty.- Mr. Holden
assailed this society .with great bitterness.
On the 2nd day ef May, 1655, he give his
views on know-nothing oaths, under the title
''Extrajudicial oaths.' Hear him 1
"Vain a.id rash swearing is forbidden by
the scriptures; and knnw-nothi -.g etrgaus
presnme largely upon th ignorance and gub
libility of tUe people,' when they assert tint
this applies only'to preface cursing and swearing-
"When an oath is taken according to law,
the swerer knows tho nature of it before he
takes it. He may read it, or have it repeated
te him, and if he does net understand it he
may have it explained to him. Thus he
swears understandinjjly, and comprehends be
fore hand the naturo of tha oath he is to take.
Any other kind of sweating is vain and rash,
consequently sinful, and binding neither in a
moral or legal point of view. O the contra
ry we believe a man is morally iund to ex
pose all such frauds and tricks, preparatory
to his own repentance, and in order to warn
others against the tearful sin into which ,he
himself has fallen. v.
This was the teaching nf Mr. Holden en
the 2nd of May, 1835. Following this teach
ing, lr. unurchill has exposed the. tnauds
tricks and depravity f this criminal combina
tion named the "Heroes of America." He
has "warned others agiiiast the fearful sin into
which he himself has .fallen," and for this Mr.
Holden turus upon him and charges him with
pel jury t for doing that which be heretofore
declared he thought a mm "racially bound
to do."
It if to be hpt 1 n w, tht Mr. O.urchiH
and his asiociires will expe-ie this whole busi
ness to the public, and the efficers f the Imw. .
Thay might go before Judge Saunders, or
Commissioner Bragg, and let it all out.
If Squires House and "J tho son know any
ene who is a member, or any one whoinithtes
into this society, they are solemnly bound to
divulge it, as Magistrates and ao are all
oher Justices.
Let this thing be done at once, that s cirty
may fee) safe against whis lurking and hidden
mischief. 1
And let our judicial offi-crs at o ice com
mence to do the Work of -the law on all
otTenefers. Let Justices in the county cauge
lo be brought before theoa all who they have
reasonable cause te believa are in this traitor
ous organization. Let judges do the same.
A very little will trace this corrupt stream to
ts fountain head. The Government i3 already
n possession of many facts.
And let deluded men. who joined mder
false persuasion, come out, as Mr. II .Ides .ti
they "are heaorably bound to d ." ai-d 4ex
pose the fraud," lest they be found under the
roof when the law applies the torpedo tt the
dwelling. ,
Another Murder by Deserters.
The Iredell Express contain ax account
of the murdvof Mr J. F Woodardof Alex
ander county,; by a ga". of darters, whe
waylaid him on his ow premises, and shot
him, three halls bavin entered ed pe;son, of
which he died on the 25rh n't A short time
previous, as-a member of tho II ru -Guard,
he Wt-nt with his.eorupanv into Wilkes county
in search deserters, and ii the dichar.e of
his duty he hot at a notorious d-sperad and
deserter named Jo. Y.-ua-'er. It was made
known to them that Mr. Wdird w?s the
man who shot. This1 was on tha 221, and on
the 24th ten deserters s'-cetrd themselves on
his premises and took their v: geance as above
described. Mr. Wood ird was a very worthy
citizen. His friends hire sw m that ten de
serter's livts'shuli be. ihe ransom.
Rain. The Ci. arietta Dfmwrat says that
section of country wa3 b' with a good
rain on Sunday evuing. . Would tt th-
fructifying sawwers of heavm w.!d fall o
the parched earth and fai.shi n crops ot tide
region. We hav.not had taough rain to be
of any service to vegetation for several werks
tbe gardens are almost literally burnt np,
aud the corn crops ate suffering dreadfully
from the drought.
Atlantic and N. C. R R Msrs. J. D.
Whitford, George Greim, J H Bra i and J.
C. Wasbiiigton weree'eciel Directors of the
Atlantic aad N. C Railmd at t ! annual
j meeting in GohNKru'.
' Mr! Whitford wis rr ;:.d P ,-'d-f.t. i.d
- Mr. Justite Secretary and i n aaurcr.
"The Stallfc-;nae System."
"It seems to h- verv dfficnlt, if not imp i..
ble, to ohiain frrn flrcisr sources all thi fact
in relation t- his svte.w."'
HaJeiifh $linIird,Ju?y W A, 1864.
JtUrcrydifliruIL A few diy? we at-k-d
Mr Holden in tbe most respectful rer-ts. if
he. bein; a "fdve office, ' in wif, "Slate
Printer," has not been in tbe habit cf ! vin
his molasses from the Commi.Nsiry Department
for the purpose of feeding a inmr of his
family, tn-wit hi? printing vtarhine: and if.
he did not buy this artiI at Government
prices r and 1 e ds n .t een 'Mrent us p -iiU'-ly,"
as Col. Russ was treated he fives ns no
information, however meagre but con in ties
to call on the pfop'e "to mark the fact, and to
Jea in mind, while thousands rf uohen and
children hare 7ioi had a bite of met for
months, and mre suffering erm for brertd,
that the shade officers who surround Gov.
Vance, are not only iflhteed thnr saliiies, but
they are permitted to buy their fiur, and
bacon, and com vtenl, and s:tqar, and rice,
-
and coffee, and the like,mat very low Govern-
ment pries " f
And not a word does M. Holden sav
ab-ut mo'asscs. Now the'ri is nothing that
the dear little "childre love- va much as a
good sop of molasses molasses, blessed ex
tract of ugar cane or Chines eorn stalk
how the dar. children do love it. Is lhro
a "stall-federate" with heart so-hanl, so in
human, so brutal, as would tak away the
molasses, out. if the mouths of ''suffering
children who hav'nt had a bite of moat, in a
month." We again ak Mr. Holden, in the
interests of sveit-ty, by his lore of the po&r
children and their fond maternal parents, to
help us ferret out the monster in hturmn shape
who stands up ia the broad face of day, and
in defiance of humanity, end perpftratrs this
iniquitous wring on harmless, stirving chil
dren, and innocent and upntTending nvthrr.
How much molasses ha Mr. Holden, -.'State
Printer," bought from the Commissary, ard
fed away to his. printing machine? "Only
think of v ! Such oflh'frs as Spferan.1 -Jor-dan,
and Fariba'd', -rd Fat-on, nd Clarke,
and others, going 'tip to draw their rations as
privates," ar.d bubble ra'i-.tis at that a litt'e
flur, or a Very littln meal, a one f;nr'h of.
one h'ifidrc-dth p ;rt of an ounce of raw mid
dling a dar. or pc.rhaps.the bne d a heni
and hrtf's a 'pf;n:ing mac; inc.' widch
nevr 'u'O"!; poTder," and aiver wjil as
lo:;g as it b.di.Ui' to Mr. Ifo'deu. is. r.Jt.'iwed
t rj'trchase. Tfitilcxiet , asd S"-v r it wll ovt r,
and oy l ecaoseit. bwlong to Mr. Holden,
who is a shade officer, ta-mit, "Stat Printer."
And eal!t officers c;n't getM lic?;nr liquor
and this stalifrderate- lich9 nn.l sr.ars, right
ia their fcs 1 In a few dav. "we shall take
upthis suhj'-'ct mor.r at length," and monini'e
this m dasses pint by pint'and thoroughly
expose thes ab'ises."
God onlv knows hvr manv brave aod heroic
erlkcis. such ai "Sprer, jad J rdah, and
"Faribault, and Fa ism, and C:afke," and Qw
many dear, delightful,- interesting, wonderful !
children h.vp literally starved, while molasses
in abundance ias bfp poured ut n the
"nlling machine," which Mr. Holden owns
Let the legislative cawdida's on every
stump read this article to the wr.-nged and
slighted people.
We are still without any mails from Vir
ginia, and the telegraph dumb as tOprpT
ations thereahotrt. A young man who left
Petersburg on Mandav, says the yat.Vees
shellckthe ehy pretty extensively on Sunday
and h id comm- ned shelliff again on Monday.
Considerable d-mie was dne by the sh's
on B Jliifgbrv'k 5tret ; bnt we have heard
of b person biin2 injured.
Tho report still previi tbat nt loit a p: r
tion of Grant's fon.es was removed to the
sonth side of the Arponat x or the 4'h ; a-d
it is said that, he is removing his ti rp ad
other obstru tiona in 'h James pr ira.rv
to his boats nivvitg on Drry's B 'lol-. T;,e
Railroad will b open for the passage of the
cars it is thought by t m .rnw or next day.
. 5prcme Conrt.
Opiaions hare ben fied as follows:
By Pearson, C. J. In Ilskill r Fr-era'D,
in equity, from Stanly-, decree f -r p'aintiff.ad
direcdng.aneaccTint. Ij S'o. cr Menden
hall, in equity from Gnilford, d'cn'e for t.liti
tiffs and refererce. In E iwirds r. Tyinr
in equity, from Ashe, dismiHr;g th- bid. In
Peecler r Barringer, in equily, fr ari R
declaring that there is error b; th- r't-r. -
By Battle, J. In AT dmst m Gatiin (ha
beas corpus) judgment reversed, and judg
ment here fj the enrollini; oflS;-r. In H.'rn
vs Bradshuw, from RiWar., juiin-nt revers
ed and venire do novo. In Cirsoc. aid -?her-,
ex prtr from McDowell, legacb- 1 deceased
danghtcrs lapsed. In Cats-o rs Cars', i"
eqwity, from McDowell, ehihben f seeoiid
marriage exploded f urn rhf tr'it.
By MaXLT, J. In T ir"r r K it-l: in
equity, frni Gra.i 1", d.-crw -fU' .et In
Wbitaker ra Browa. i t iti Tv. J Hi t-
Combe. d-r e :or p.d
tf- I . Ihk-: rs
Harris, rm R.ao, j-igm.-it? r r- . In (
(ii; e 'jiLi'im.re, tr m t v' d . udg
mem CiritHi.
Frmn tha Oontervalive
Ho Wm; l.-(TntuHin for fiov. Vance.
Th S'andard d Prog re. hive be?n
cla.m.Dg for tKme time past, ibat a nuaibr of
.prominent G'ncr. rives of the S:at wire
favorable t the eU tVn f Mr Holden for
Governor . WV wee well . a.-ntyred th.tt tho
mo-t, if t ot alt, of tbTi wn.'j frlf'fds and
S'ipj..rters of fv V'lne, and we took voh-
s;.n to td.ve in the Center retire. But the
Progress it. ted that we were mistaken, r.d
aff ctM ta urate knrwincly xiwX. these gftntle
rr.n wrt.ld hopnott Mr. HoMen Wo accord
ijt'? ddrr-..l several of tb"m rotes, rn
el.ictr m ench th art'rhi from the Prnyress,
vtrh il e reqpt tha th"v wonid giv us thir
lnsitjins to'tehiuj t'-e cd,r-fton lor Governor
We are psi io reeeipt rf a letter U m Hon
Win, A. Graham, 'art of the genth men
rlludrJ in which this d'tingu!hrd ft.n of
North Carolina, than Whom r. truer of better
("dnservaMve exists in the Corftibracy, de
rlres himself, in nruitk W terms, for
Goy. Vaic. The name of Wm. A. Gr tlf?m
is "a tower of trngth " Mr. Holden will
tt accuse him of havii g fomften hw friends
and jri.n' over to the " Dextrudires'' William
A. Graham is a true typ of fruuine Ci'sr
vatim. aid ers tcstimonv to tfrs "yl i'i'y,
energv and seaK' nf Gov. Vance's adrtinisttf
lion, ard fci faHhfal manner in which be lias
"gii4ed the risHtif and dignity of tl e S?atpr
a d the liberty ai d .nfery ( h-r eitiz-n"
The following ir."G v. Graham's lcit-r :
Hir.r.r;ORO June IS64.
Sir Your not encloiri)f an Article fr' th
Prt,ffret in relation fo lH pending election lar
(Joverror of the State, irqnhin whe her my pe--sitinn
in respect to it it correctly rrpresei.t.U
therein has been recti vrd.
la rrf It. 1 hate to fay, that nhfle A prerating
thr ewnteyt which hus aria n ti.U' hin.T thi elee--tion,
ar.rf not at all pt ticipatintf in th-? aerimo
niou! feeli- g with which th ranvaa S'-erit to b-i
c)ndacrcd by a pvrti..n of the puMie pr''s, I rj
potd it was nvi'IT known that I am an t-ai Bef
supporter oT the re-eVetlnn of fiorernT Vanr-e:
.Montlrf before any otln.r ad ben Horioun-!! and
vhrn 1 certainly 'anticipated no opposition frnu
any qnartcr,' unfosfrom hi" orrgvnal oppponem,
I advised hiia,1n vhjr np the gr! s-um? of
his admini!'tation, I thourhTU hisduty not
to withhold hi nawetts a oand.diit for U'tion.
Like views bnre h-n nniloruily i yprewd wnn
evr the tuhj'et hji ihen .j:jr"flei1 in my coin -poMdnce
and ronrn-iiatiVn. )tij adndnirti atioa- .
has in my opinion b n cbai act-rir. id by ability
crerjv and z- al in its cikJciti'I topi(iaci
to our arms in the great struggle in which wi- art
eegaged tt hiNt it has ponght can-tuliy to snai d
the rirlt and dignity of the Stt, anO th. !"'-.
eity nd ea pty !' her citizens. In ihiMline
policy h h!! biit Co opttat-d with tlr in:ij e ity of f
th (ii itfial ANsemrdi- chosi-n at tb w ti'iu
wih himself, end I am peikaaitMl Iims un-t witb
ger.rr?l a; pobatinn.
I write but to answer 'teur irr,uirv, with ;o.
leisure r iRclieaMon to "fprcubitf on whnt tt
future may bare in store for ws. in tlu' dip liga
tion of national eveiiu, butToi tbcr.i-xt twviars,
,a. in tbe past. I am fpiite satisfied to entrust to.
Ctr. Vance the powt-rs rrpfi r d by tin nsti
Intion snd the law? jn th Chief KxrcutifC Mgts--tiate
f the StatV.
Very rfpcct"u!!r,
Yonr obtdi- r t s rrrt.
v. a. or..ii.r,
J. I). ilTMAJI, i'SQ.
ijon .iosjah titkxkr jr.' mi: r;ov. vancr.
We-are authorized. by the II ti. .bt;.ii Tur
rer, J" , to va:e hat he is "einph.atif.iily l'r
Valid-' Mr. Turner is otic of !:ie leailing
promif.ent Conservutivt-s r.f thi- S'ate tJ'.t.
hae been claimed bt the P,oyms h: fav-.r-alne
to the election of Mr. 1 1 11 ti.
Mr. Turner is alnrt the a1 i?iar iu the
State that would. yd! e for W. W. Jb.hVti..
Mr. Hidden knows thi. cud hs ah nt as
. much use for Mr. Turner as tb- D sil his
for holy water. Joji' Tun. r, Jr., is an old
fashtotiH-d old lire Wl.ig (Top: ewati Vi. aj-.d
a'tb-r:?.h a true Co:iVdi ra'o, d vrtni to the
cause of Southern indep(i.rl"TC, h w uhl be
very fir from votir.5 fcr the f.:thr os- n ion
of North Carolina.
Will the S'ltadaid and Proycs zivi their
re;ohis the bT,fi of the hcf, t;;t fiov.
Graham and Mr. Turner hve declared thm-.
selvis in favor f the rc-elec;iuM of GvV-rni r
Vai ce ? We shall M-e.
Mokr.-i r the Rkn Riyfr Batti-to 'I'f o
Yankees an nuking a clean breist of lb r
revers t tho Rid r'v-r. A p tva'e bt'er
frm an cicer, writrrn at Gr.m : F. "ts, . v
isiana, aau poblished in tbeSpriogS'I ; (Mn
sjchusrts) Republican, ays:
The 1 :igrnent w.i neir Msntrleld, whiefi ,
res'ult'd in II I ss f all the train nnd arti lery
whi h eie inegi'ar:y disrrthtttnl in tl o
tie in. Tbe at';:ek whs M fc.iddeii tt1.-. all
wiTfj pit te s rii kn, the horses tce.rceut from
th w . 'rs ar d artiilory and infantry pre ipi
tatelv fl-l to the rar. Thei; tbe Cavalry be
catt .eer.s;ag'lt but-only for a inimnt, when
1 b abaodwi.;d their horse ai d fled.
1'; eo a- Thir eMtb army enrps was order
ed, up. hi i "V t ., time. Thus th cops
w. !-:rf; 'y r titd losinjf some (sixteen r
eihteti hundred .men, anl those who did
esato were fiaced to abandon their arm-.
Had it " be for the plunder in tbe ip
tun d traia, ibis enure eorpn wr.trid 4iave leen
taken pr;r.ers, ru rigadn at a tis&e. I
have talked with matr? of the Th'rtecnth
cna wh were tskea ptisiira, and escaped
while th rebels w-re p'onderiHg the train.
The Thirteenth is now almost without ar.
It was f-Mn r!uii.'j by Getv-ra! Km;m -nd
f. ur brigade (t.mnineder8. ( ral R
w-.s w.-nrded by a ba l v-az thru. h s
leg ab.te' the kne u-d thrtf tf l e Wr. do
com:HiuIfcra'were ki'.Id. 0
The rMoaii.iug tie, C?fu Riytcen te
r.'-w in enmruai.e! of the corjs. G"M"al
IUi ks i tir.iverwdly cooderr.ned by fli era
aud raea. Te iew rebel piisii;era we have
ere t-ry jnbiiant, and say. 'General Ro?-.k
iia it-n tf e 14 e-'ioinU-ary we ha- -v.r
h--! to this Jenartru-nt.- w:;c ba br . r. in
crornat:d. Wt n-ull 00 ; anyi'1 tioi
Biler. Weet .'friii tw.;ty tl.irij t.-i'n
't aittiiery asl ft tue 4re tn u4.d 0 0 'n.
kil'rd, WoUi de.f ar.il n'W: Tif aimv z'ves.
General A J S-iith gra la-eilu f'.r t .n-t-.
and eat il,i bd iK-tboo l.tiai
Thk Camp Ft llwke. A pu lkii-' '
St kt.u. & 0 1 , Atzu t. ! t f il' - ' "
'i 'or? an I IjtT.-'j i-ciou o, . .l
wrvv t. (.''cil-ftv ? -t i e l :n . I
I
v .1 .
O