4
THE CO
i.
urn
If
A. M. GOK1UX & CO., . Proprietors
ADVERTISING-. :
ADVFKtlSKMEXTH will U Inserted at rwn
nai.LALs per ?qriare f ten linen for lew) for each
insertion. - Marriage not Ictji ami obilUarirfl III I C
charged At ndrertheiilmts.
TERMS:
DAILY EDITION, for R months...-
a 2 " 7
" 1 " - 3
TRl-WEEKLY, Tor 6 montbf 7 1
a " 3 - - 4 -
Weekly kijitiow for 6 month & I
JOB WORK:
JOU WOKkt f evirrv 'dereriptron ail! W
ecnted at this Uflie iilt 4jVpb, aoJ an nesttv -a
can b done anywhere In. ft Soatbtrn Cot.
cderacy. ..".. " "
- No subscriptions will be received o any other j
terras than the above, Oor for a longer or shnrtcr
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH; WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1864,
period.
. ' ; ; - NO. 0.
Ret reaped. .
A few days a'ter the Carets of Charlcsien
fired into the Star of tie' West the first thot
for Southern defeuce Governor Ellis, through
his Private Secretary, wrofe us a letter, in
which, among ether things, h invited ns to
llaleigh to slflare his counsfd in the then criti
cal condition of affairs. W responded to his
summons, and on our arrival we foui;d the
Governor suffering the premonitory symp- j
toms of that fatal diseasa which, alas, to early j
for the State closed the career of a useful
officer, and ardent patriot. In Httendnce
. upon the Governor, were Mr. Wmslw, his
chief of the Military Board; Major Bradford
and Mr. H. W. Guion. Abuot the wne
time too, our brethren from the army, sons of
our old mother, were returning to esjouse her
cause. The ten Kegiment Bill was on the
tapis, and was 8-ii passed, and the appoint
ments were announced.
Of a'l the arraj of men whom we there
first met, answering to the country's call
Governor Kills, Window, Bradford, .Guion,
Col. Stokes, Tew, M?ares, Anderson, Fisher,
Campbell, Shaw, Branch,. Pender all. all
have fallen martyrs in the glorious cause,
save Mr. Guion and curself. The Gov
ernor lived hut a tdr rt time. ' An unceas
ing aiUAtion to business, the refusal, to
take rest, the absorbing devotion of mind and
hear., assisted disease, an 1 hurried to a ter
ruination a life that would 'have been valua
ble ia these perilous times. On some occasion,
when the pressure of busintvs d;n?s not forbid
this occupation, wo meau to take up the
political career of Governor Kilis, and rescue
his name fiom aspersions that never were"
'just, and place it upon the tablets of history
as it deserves. It is a sad trait in North Caro
lina character, that she holds in so slight es
teem the reputation of her public servants, and
takes so little pains to protect them.
. Mr. Winsl ow was a an of n j ordinary
micd, and beyond all questi n was a sincere
and faithful servant of th.j Stat-;, wli se use
fulness posterity will appreciate Col. Brad
ford was an officer of the old army, for many
years a resident of Fayettville and connected
with the arsenal at that place. A polished and
entertaining gentleman, he slnne in every so
ciety iu which he was pleased to assocvte
and by all who were intinnte with him, he
was esteemed tor gcntaland generous charac
teristics. These all fell victims to disease, but disease
aggravated by labor in the cause of the pub
lic. Stokes fell in tho attack near Mechau
icsville, and after suffering amputation of his
limb, died u the city of Richmond. Colonel
Tew was stricken down at Sharpsburg. lie
had been with us on the preceding Sunday at
South Mountain, and ou that occasion we saw
him for the last time. Ho was one 'of our
ir.nst useful men, and the State had reason to
expect from his labors a harvest of great
value in the improved education of the youth
within her borders. Meares was slain at the
deadly assault upon the heights of Malvein
Hili. lie was of a stock that ensures god
and brave men, and we speak the universal
estimate of our friend, when we ace ml to hira
that combination of gentle and stern virtue
which makes up the gentleman aud soldier.
Anderson was another victiai of the battle of
Sharpsburg. He was, perhaps, the most
popular of oar North Carolina onagers. All
who knew him, lovod him. In bis own com
mand, he was idolized. His was a heavy
loss to the army, for from his first entrai.ee
he had ranked high, and his whole character
gave promise of more advanced and extended
usefulness. Fisher, ia a bold, chivalrous, and
heroic eWh upon the foe on the far-famed
field of Manassas, in advance of his line, re
ceived his death-wound, and consecrated his
parae to history, along with those of Be and
Bartow, the first martyrs of the war. Camp
bell died at Gaines' Mill, bearing the flag of
his regiment, iu one of these impetuous char
ges of that day, which hurled the enemy
frrm Richmond, and saved the beleaguered
city. Shaw has but just perishedrf and his
service aud eulogy are fresh ; and Branch, at
the close of the day of Sharpsburg, after the
enemy had'been repulsed, by a random shot
fired at long range, was stricken witji a mor
tal wound, and died upon the spot. We
could not bestow upon this officer a better
testimonial than that we hcarJ from the lips
of the great Jackson, who said of General
Branch, I regard him as one of the best
Brigadiers of my command. He is indefati
gable and exemplary, each day a better officer
than he was the day before a most improving
and useful man."
This is the array Vo first met at the open
ingofthe war. Strange that the writer of
this article, the least valuable of, all, should
alone have been spared, to pay this slight
tribute to the memory of this'roll of heroes of
whom the natiou has been deprived. Then to
these are to be added Pender, Petti grew,
Lee, Singeltary, Davis, McKinney, Ridoick,
Christie, and, alas 1 alas ! a scroll whose end
we cannot raacb, but whom, history will
honor.
If these valuable lives have been lost to
the country, they have not died in vain.;
They have testified to the world - the value of
the struggle. They have poured out their j
blood in the cause, in token of their estimate
of its sacred and meritorious character n.i
from Che graves where they sleep, the voice
comes forth of admonition against - weakness
and faltering, and of exhortation to exertion
and co'irage." While the nation drops its tears
for the fate of the fallen heroes, it takes new
incentive to labor, from the remembrance of
thtir valor and patriotism. .
Ahinz the Pains Moe tM, if the &herma
joe8 aiot leave an equal ahare of what he
catches to the voices, they go immediately
aiul tear his net to pieccB. It is upon thi
principle, wejiremme, that our worthy Gov
ernor so lustily abused the original secession
ists in his kte speech at Wilkeboro It is
thus he shares his spoils with the wolves of
agitation, thinkitg that it is better to have
fewer fi h than no net.
The Governor's latherwhacking cannot be
attributed to the mere sport of the. thing.'
sewing that these very original secessionists
have yielded to his administration the warm
est and ni' St disinterested supprl. It may
be presumed, therefore, that there is some
wise purpose in it; srnd if we cannot see it,
it were as well to lake it for granted. At
present ws cannot think of any other,
than that the Governor his be n reading the
history of the wolves along the Palus, and
has admired their instinctive sagacity.
Owing to toe lateresg of the hour in which
we completed the type-sotting of Gov. Vance's
Speech for. yesterday's paper, we were un
alletoget our Yjtern mail ready in time
for the train of that morning, or for the Faj
etteville stage. Wo m ntion the fact, toro
lieve Postmasters and Route Agents from be
in blamed fur the non-arrival of the Con-
ft Urate.
But we have a complaint to h dge again.-t
the Route Agnt of the Western train, who
ever he wr.s, on Friday night last. We know
our pajer was in the mail that night ; and
yetn t a single paper was received at Hil's
boro', Chapel Hill, and ether points. The
other Raleigh papers also failed, and the
Richmond papers. V would be obliged for.
the information as to the name of the Route
Agent in charga of the mails on Friday night.
Since the above was written, we have rc
cclve.1 two letters from ' Chapel Iliil, stating
that the Confederate is received there with
the most provoking irregularity. On the
27th ult., the papers of the 25th and 2Gth
were received together th j papers of the 27th
had not been received on the 29th. One corres
pondent writes: "There is derangement iu
the. mail, or foul play ; because tho Progress
omes regular, and the other Raleigh papers.
I hope j-uu will give the Route Agents of last
Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Monday, a
puff," or stir" them up some way, so that we
may get the Confederate regularly."
We have heard a good deal f complaint,
of the Postmaste? at Dm ham's, and of the
Route Agents oa the N. C. Road. AH we
ask is for specific infoini ition of delinquen
cies, or mal-practice We will then, sot mat
ters straight.
We wish persons who send for the Confederate
would look at the terms of the paper before
writing for it. Not a few send $3 and say send
me the Weekly six months for the enclosed.
We can't do it. The price is $12, for six months
for the Daily. $7 for 6 months for the Tri
weekly, and $-5 for six months for the Weekly
and no less.
Papers for the Array.
The difficulty of subscribers to nswspapers
receiving them in the army, has long been a
source of annoyance and perplexity to. Pub
lishers, who are anxious to secure the prompt
and regular transmission of their issues to
their subscrilers in tho army. We areglad
to learn from the Richmond Whig that to ob
viate the difficulties that have hitherto inter
vened, Publishers are allowed the privilege of
marking their papers "Post-paid when
they have prepaid the postage to the - Post
master. With this understanding, we hope
all who order the Confederate, for the Army,
will also enclose niuuey to prepay postage.
Missing Letters. .
It is due to the public, and to the Post
master and Employees of-the Raleigh Post
Office, that public notice should be given,
that the leakage has heen discovered, and the
perpetrator put out of the way of continuing
his depredatiens upon the letters received at
this Post Office. It has been ascertained that
a young man not connected with the Post
Office, but who bad improperly been permit
ted to go behind the counter as he listed, has
been taking letters from the boxes after tbc
letters' have been distributed for leveral
months past. He was caught in the very set,
and has been bound over for trial. Ui fo tu
na tely, however, he had spent all the money
he bad abstracted, cr says he has, so that it is
a dead lewss to the genders but for the future,
we believe mony letters will c me safely to
haud. The mails, we think, may be trusted
again.
As we go to press, the gentle showers are
falling, much to the U-o fit of tbe wheat and
; oat crop.
"Lt, perad venture, he might not irv a single
phrase be able to embody the intention to
prevent all "a i tempts to avoid ,tle serviceT
in terms so cleir and precise as tflectuaUy to
' Fecurc tire ol ject and pu.-.rd against all jossi
b!e misconstruction the very eminent drafts-,
man of the late act suspemling tli habeas
- co-pus was not content .with a bmuJr plain,
uneq'iivccal expreseion, as, this "and of at
tempts to avoid military service" but as a
further and mos't significant . 'manifestation of
the meaning and purtx) e-f tne law, he
-ided, "that in cdsea of palpable Wrorrg-f111
prov
" and oppression by any subordinate officer
' upou a.iy party who does not legally owe
" military service, his sujterior officer .shall,
"grant prompt relief to the oppressed p.rrty,
" and the subordinate thai I be dismissed from
" office." The purpotse of this proviso is ob
vious. By the act, it' was the intention to
close the door upon the habeas corpus in kvkky
case, and thus withdraw from the civil judi
ciary the 'vhoie question, for the time, as to who
owe military service, and ta fix the burden
aud responsibility upon the military officers
having in charge the duty of deciding such ques
tions And inasmuch as the civil protection
was withdrawn, it was determined to fasten a
responsibility on the officer, that would secure
against wrong and oppression. To this end,
in any such case the immediate superior of
the subordinate transgressing, is authorized
to afford summary relief, arid is required to do
so, to the dismissal of the wrong, doer.
So, if there cases had not been m supposed
to be included in the suspension of the habeas
corpus, how easy, how natural, how gurely
would tho proviso hayo stated, that in ad
dition to the remedy of habeus corpus, the
above relief should be affmled. This con
struction of the act id the only sousiblo one
that cau be given.
If it were not the purpose of Congress to
withdraw the privilege of habeas corpus from a
citizen cnscriptee! by the enrolling officer, as
one icho owd military service, then why the
insertion in. this bill relating only to the fu--pension
of the habeas corpus, any such proviso
at all-? It is apparent'o any intelligent mind,
that this proviso is intends! only, and can
only be taken in connection with that clause
of the section which speaks of "attempts to
avoid ruiiitsuy service" for the proviso is to
guard an oppressed person who docs not owe
military 'service. Of course it does not relate
to "desertion, or to the harboring or encourage
ing-such" for in these c:rs2S the obligation to
service eloes not arise; but in the other csc of
"attempts to avoid the service," the officer is
maele the -judge the decision is by bim,
.- whether service is owed or not, he decides it
at his peril. If his elecision oppresses tho citi
zen, his superior conies in to the aid of the op
pressed ; and thus the 'whole matter is brought
within the scope,, direction and control of the
War Department. The intention of Congress
was to secure men to prevent injustice, to
secure uniformity.
And this being the clearly expressed intent
of the law,. a Judge who pertinaciously push
es the writ of habeas corpus, may have cause,
to consider that ot:er section of the act, by
which the writ is removed from cases of " at
tempts 'tckaid the enemy." . .
It is not a remote deduction, that he who
issues the writ of habeas corpus, having no
richt to do so, and summons our officials to
bring before him for judicial investigation
cases of whom military service is owed, when
by act of Congress he has no right to hava
such investigation, by this means endeavors
to obstruct the increase of the army and
thus " attempts to aid the enemy "
It is wonderful to us how Judge Pearson
could for a moment go astray upoo the con
struction of this law ; for language seems to
have been exhausted of its resources to make
smooth the path of legal construction. Be
sides the remarkable clearness oi tbe act, as
exhibited above, the concluding tection leaves
no loop-hole for doubt. It declares that dur-
ing the suspension, no officer shall be com
pelled to appear in answer to any writ of
habeas corpus, or return the body of any per
son detained by him under the authority of
the Secretary of War ; but on his certificate
under oath that theperson detained is a prl-i
soner for any of the causes specified in the
act, and on the authority aforesaid, - then the
proceedings under the habeas corpus shall cease.
Now let us ran oat the case. The Secretary
of War says: Walton, a principal who has fur
nished s Mbstitate, owes military service, and
authorizes CoL Mallett to coMcript him. With
this authority the Colonel enrols him and brings
him under sds orders. He files s petition for a
habeas corpus, sad Judge Pearson issues the
' writ commanding the return of his body before
him, and summoning Col. Mallett to produce
him. The Colonel certifies' I have arrested
Walton under authority from the Secretary of
War, as a person who " attempted to avoid the
service" and Col Mallett, swears to this certi
ficate. What then can Judge- Pearson do T Can
he attach CoL Mallett for contempt? or with a
sheriff's posse take Walton out of his hands?
The law says not For Col. Mallett has tbe
- authority from the Secretary xt War, and by
the law. such an officer ia not bound, in answer
to the writ, to appear in person or retura the
body, -This is plain enough but he iaonJy to
make a eertifieate and swear to it that he hop
to person, Walton, as a prisoner, who is At
tempting to avoid the service, by virtue of Ibe
Secretary's authority an 'I this is finsl and n
clutive of the case. Whereupon theproceedhes
"shall irameiiately cease" the Judge slall
not be allowed to proceed in any investg4ion
of the fact, whether the certificate be true
or not. 1
But to guard against the exercise of nnylrbi-
trary or despotio authority, th superior officer
or. Col. Mailttt, up to the Secretary and
resr
mpervise the wse
And still further -to check ogaint miliary
injustice, the proceedings under habeat lrpus
aranot qasbed, but only "csasbd" durifg the
suspension . of the "writ ; still leaving ti any
oppressed citizen his right to a herinj irhen
the safety of the eountry shall enable Congress
to remove the 'suspension, and restore te priv-
ilege. We have no seen Judge Pearson's
decision. We have a curiosity to see-it. It
will no doubt be a rehiarkable illustration of
I an every dy fact, that how easily a prejudice
to the person wholly unseen, may control and
mislead a powerful aud astute mind. iJuit as
we see a weak and sickly child drive over a
precipice a strong and spirited steed, who,
unconscious of his strcnth, obeys to hisdestruc
tjon a rein that he could le.ndily snarr. asunder.
Tire Fate of the Coquette-
In the mysterious -dispensations' cf Provi
de :cc which gives no goe-d on cartSi wholly
uuniixfd with evil, even woman forms no ex
ception to the rule. Best of earthly treasures.
and freest of terrestrial iiictals.s'he is not wholly
without her alloy. There are not tnany pen
nj weights of gold without torn'1 grains of cop
per, and oftimes. so shii.ii'g, that iu un rac
ticed essayist can with difficulty tell the
genuine. Our reflections turn in this channel
by our frequent observations of the dbul, the
play, anel the Jinule of that class of youn
women who are satisfied to bs coquettes.
Their characters are not unworthy of our
stuely. It is no easy part to play with
success' that pays expenses. Beauty, wit,
intelligerce, captivation, attraction, command,
submission are like, essentials of the charac
ter. T'uc knowledge of men, the detection
of assailable weakness, the points to bo sur
rendered, the forts to be hld, the strategy
and the tactics by which the battle field liny
be gained and the prisoners held, are lessons
in cequettry as material as in war. She must
have art to win address to hold not by
the simple, but strong and erduring tie of
faith and of affection f r that would be no
longer the etiquette btt she must have those
teazinj, vexing, provoking, yet winning and
coniiolling ways, that drive off and seduce
back the victim unresisting and submissive.
That capacity for sarcastic speech and ironii
epithet that bite r.d sting but so gently put,
that the very infliction bears the balsam that
heals the wound; she must have that inirr it
able assurance that can ply off deadly rivals
arid detested foes against each other and like
the equestrian in the ring, net lose the stride
of either.
We don't know enough about the sex to
fill out the features to a perfect face.
We have sce.r Politicians of our day as
coquettish as a yr. Conscious of their politi
cal grace and beaotj', and proud to display it;
keenly sensiblo of their art in entrapping and
holding, and delighted to enjoy it.
We have seen these political coquettes triflj
with certain affections, as a child toys with his
bauble; now retaining by blandishments as a
boy holds his kite "by a string now length
ening the distance by indifference now draw
ing near by endearment, as the sarte boy leta
off and takes in his cord. Now melting by
flatteries, and sow estranging by abuse just
managing to keep short of an irreparable
rnpture. , ...
We have seen such a coquette delight to
defy tbe people who worship him, by com
pelling an unwilling devotion to' most obuox-r
ious companions, just cs a pretty girl would
say " you shall not kiss me, unless you kiss
my dog." Ju6t so these political imitators in
the school of coquetry c'onditionalize otherwise
inestimable privileges by the most oppressive
impositions. " Just as Doctors bestow, the
boon of health sometimes, by ' inoculation
for cow-pQX. This is a charming game
the game tf the -coquette no less se
ductive and temptiug in the rough sport of
politics, than !b the softer posture of love.
But both too, are very dangerous. The day
comes to both, when the worshippers desert
their altars, and men cease to listen to the
"voice of the chatmcr, charm she never so
wisely." -
In the coquetry of politics, as in that of
love, it is to be carried as a weight heavy
enough to stimulate propulsion, yet too light
to overbear the carrier for the difference be
tween a man who carries light weight and
one who carries to much, is, that in the , one
instance the man lift the weight up ; in the
other the weight bears the man down. -
There are politicians who have all the airs,
graces and practices of a-coquette, out of
native innocence, aud are no coquettes at. all.
They do the most coquettish things, and never
know it; tad when told, for example, that
they have shocked entire com mnui ties by in
traducing the - most disagreeable associate
why they never thought of it ! and woodet
every Ixuly lse don'i admire the people they
love T Sometim es they urver discover until
the polls- come - ii, that tlwre is 'fucthhif
sometimes' in bad conipanionhip.
The latest intelligence frona Europe continues
to.be encouraging The appearanee of Con
federate vessels ia th Chinese seas, does not
Ue us by surprise. We had heard of the pur
chase of ships fr the Enperor of China, and
we anticipated thul some circumstances might
happen to put these ships li the market. It
seems that a disagreement has taken place. '
John Chi nam a a failed to make good his bargain,
aud an event that we have been sometime wait
ing for, is reported to hive happened. If rumor
spe.tk truth, we may not fear a push towards
San Franciso t U'ca up a g il l carrier ou his
way to Yankeedom. . We refer-to the correspon
dence from Paris iu the New York Times, con.
tained in the paragraph from the MonL'eur ds
VArmes, to the effect that British officers had
left for Bambay, with the vessels built in Eng
land for the Chinese navy. . It seems the Chinese
who are rivalling England and France in naval
constructions, have-two cuirassed frigates build
ing in France, which may leave soon. If any
thing should occur that the Emperor backs out
again, there will bc'a chance for a trade for
some body. It is said tht ' the "Con
feds" have two frigates building at Nntes and
Bordeaux. Wonder if they can come out too ?
If not, it would'ut b amiss to barrow the China
man's until ours are ready. Capt. Sera met,
who is said to bo penned up some where the
other side, will no doubt b n hand.
Gen. D, H. liill.
The Columbia South Carolinian of the 1st
iast., says our citbee is were much gratified
on Saturday by the prest-nce nf Gtjei.' D. H.
Hill among us. His arrival eliciUd many re
rnaiks expre-sive f the high adjniration in
which he i held. From the day of liig Beth
el, when the B'at f.lt his power, hU eove
i:antor blood, like that of his nnr connection,
Stonewall .la k3 on, has shone conpictio:t.
This Presbyterian sten'k now, as in the civil
wars uf jniKva go k1 fighting mate
rial. Qpn. IX 1 1 fas illustrated it rn th - Pe
riin.Ftilr. at the Svcn Pines, beforo B tnub )
n where, with bis ringlj corp, l7e with
st od the shock of Xle.ClelUn's army, 130,0'J0
strong, tnd held it in chtnrk until reinforc'-
"rnent8 arrived from Qarprr's Ferry 'and in
nil the battles of the X irthr:i ar ny in which
Le has ben engaged ; arid last, bur not least,
on the glorious fi Id of Ciiickamaug.
If his slay could hare been prolonged, ur
people would have been happy to have testi
fied their rvgard for him. He left in the af
tcrroin train for Charleston, wh'-re he has
Wfu assigned for d iiy. His pretence wiil be
we'eome to the pcopl- of South Carolina.
Whnt has Becom e of Sherman ?
The ethtor of the Columbia S uth Carolinian,-who
is generally well p istcd in such mat
ters, says official despatches indicate that his
army has fallen back, while that indefatigable
trumpeter of public opiniou, Thet Sat, pre
dicts that he has commenced his ret real to the
Mississippi river. We differ with both of
thtso conclusions, atd tor tbe following j nnjer ltie parllon from thiec aceusb.med
reasons, briefly stated. Sherman ha not j faces, it wiil take comfort in an anticipated
marched over a barren country one hun- M8ire frorn the reflection of their deed
dred and sixty miles, simply to occupy an j And if it cannot fill their places with a aim
unimportant point like Meridian, and then J ,lar material, it will pledge itself . at kat
marched back aain. He has waited there J uot to fill them with worse.
for the arrival of General Ligan and Giierson's j And then millers we know millers iu Ibe
caValry. Meanwhile his supplies have become
exh lusted, his reinforcements have failed hira,
aud he has gone elsewhere to effect the junc
tion. Doubtless bis intention was to lorce
the passage of the Tombigbeo iu front of Polk.
But the prompt movements of the latter
cmcer, together with his rapid ily augmented
strength, prevented the consummation of that
purpose. The next step, therefore, of-Sher-mau
has probably been to elude our troops
by working his way Northward, in the direc
tion of Columbus, Mississippi, where be will
meet the two columns above named. With
fifty or sixty thousand troops, ho may then
endeavor to cross the Tombigbee at Columkus,
aod move on Montgomery, where he doubtless
anticipates the arrival of a third Yankee
column from the vicinity of Huntiville, in
North Alabama If such be not his intentions,
we confess thatour study uf the map has led
us astray. If, however, Sherman has failed, -I
we fiud a solution of his paradoxical move
' ments iu the short cut be may now be taking
to regain the Tennessee river, tni hasten to
the assistance of Grant. Yet we do out con
ceive that, at this early hoar of the campaign,
the Yankees have been so easily baffled as to
withdraw fifty thousand troops to "their sts rt
ing point, and commence some new contract
for subjugation. His cavalry may hare been
whipped, and even a portion of his infantry
have been demolished, but depend upon
it, that Sherman will yet be beard from - in a
proximity that will call for all of oar vigilaoee
and activity. We are conscioo that this is a
delicioasly vsgue article on the situation, hut
it it the best we can do in answer to the nu
merous iuquries, " Where's Sherman V
J
A deepening and intensifying Interest ia tht
truggle for independence, ia faat taking hold of
tbe European sentiment. . This is. evidenced in r
many thing. The Um article from the Paris
Pttria;. a artui-offiaial orgn of the French Gv-"-
eri meat, and at the asm trim a Journal f.f vnt
influence among the mid lie. class of France,
disclo-e a keen Insight into poUtictd arTtiri h
joet appreciation of our suOriuga and endur.
ancea of the courage aud valor of our soldier,
and tbe skill of our leaders. ; The pirallel be
t ween the tyranny of R'i-sla, with it attendant
lnhurauities, and the barbarities practiced by
our foes, la a committal to history ef infamies
and atrooitiet for the cono and conderonation
of future ages, t which tbe Yankee and the
Muscovite the Beast and the Brute will live
side by srde. Every, fresh intelligence fmm
France marks the approximation of a rupture
between the Imperial Government and the Fed
eral Administration, and shows nn Increased
and increa-jng sympathy in our cause, and
a desire for the war's termination
Iu lingland, tbe first nobility of the realm,
net lea ling, but going hand-in-hand with the
popular exhibitions, have been enrolled into
societies for the purpose of appealing to the '
Government to aid the cessation of war; and no
society having this end in view looks to the
possibility of reunion as a means of this end.
A still more significant symptom of coming
event i the well-merited, but long-delated
and now severely inflicted criticism upon the
administration of the foreign ollico of Lm-1
R'issel, ns bettowed by the leader of the oppo
sition, Lird Derby, ia a late ?ession of the
lloute. In a legislative bely like the EngHh
House of Lords, where langunge ia raptured,
and where no official word is apoken except it
be well considered aaJ meant to-be etTeetire,
tbe application of each terms to tbe foreign pol
icy asthatit waa imperious and humiliating to
England " od this too by so powerful a leader
as Lor l Derby, the rccogniied ipoVccsmrn of
the Queen is indicative of a speedy test of
strength between the two political parties in
theuation; and the ncquisitjon of Lord DerSy
is to our cause both lnte and valuable. What
Lord Derby does in the Hcue of LorJs, Mr
D'Israli will do in the IIou?e ofComtr.ons;
and with the coilition of the present ministry,
broken by the defection of J'.oc'oock, Liud?ny,
aliord Ilrtington nnd others, who have been our
friend in U nlong, ther will be eaflicient strength
to swe-p the ministry overboard.
Tli nm1!ner r.f th Axit.Am ene in ttiA
same moment before the House of Lord, will
strengthen the opposition, for the odious nature
of the foreign enlistment, act, will embody the
! bitter opposition of alt the ship.buiMinjr inter
t ests of the Clyde, the Mersey, indeed of the
whole realm. The indications of these brighter m
au!pics are an occasion for new and redoublrd
I vigor by our Government and people. Disaster
, weakens our chances and will delay cur recor
nition while suecess invite, and is entitled to
command it. Then let every facility be given
to the Government to fill up the army. The
o1d:er will only regard those as their friends
Tho will retider this assistance.
(I v Smith, of -Virginia, has t a g l
'Xtmple. Wc doubt not tbitOovern)r Vance,
when tie, question arri!es, will carry his
words into acts, and pn-eccute the war with
rigor, by mrrendering to the enrolling ofli:er
die worn out epaulettes of Hume Guard
J. P.V, Mayors, Town Commissioners. Com ta
bles kll tiSe peepers from behind the doora
Sad and disconsolate as the public will be
rrvUR of their youth all sprinkled with
f meal who can carry rations enough in their
pockets to last for a campaign. The question
of -usefulness wUT soon arise iu individual
cases, and then we shall bo able to give all
the particulars.
What He Didn't Mean.
T be Progress of yesterday says : " No k
peace sentiment that we have ever noticed,
was is.TKHUtu to toon to rcconsiructton Or
ieccstvAifrom the Confcdtrary"
It is very singular .that lacking such iv
TBKTioir, this paper should by its .peace ar
ticles have succeeded in convincing-
1st, Loyal presses aud men of this State
that such was its intention. See l'astim.
2d. That it fboold hsre convinced its own
allies that such was itsiicTKNTlOY. SeeJratne ..
Meeting and oher Meetings,
et f.thar Kttia thL anrb mi mm lim tnlnttn
See Hichmoud Ssntiml, Atlanta Intelligencer,
and others.
4tb. That it should .have convinced its
Yaskce copyist that such was its intention. .
See N. JT. Tribune, JY. T. Times, and (7iX .
Mills Joy's sheet near half cf whose paper
is filled with editorials from the Progress.
V i MOftAL. , .t ,
That an Editor who is . so unfortunate as
not to be able to make himself better, under
stood by the public, would be more useful cs .,
a soldier provided be was the coporcal baild
an1 ( rnrrt Vt tr fit V'm f.tp i)t fiM '.
The report of the loss cf Ih Uteaoer IKO
it without foundation. , : '