?3 I
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY. Aiun 1, 18C5.
Eyery 'obstacle should be removed out of
the way cf harmony and union ; and evry
.inducement should bo held oat to stiraulaio
and promole them. As far as possible; cn
nistcnt with it undoubted prerogative, and
iU clear perception of duty, the g-jverutno-'it
ahould eoccoda to enlightened public senti
ment. Whatever it can remove, of nfioase,
it ought tottmova ; wbatuver it cm grant, it
evghtto grant; and by all possible concilla
tion, it ought to put itae'f ia position to r
eive the confidencs and trust cf tbe pcepl.
Beyond question, much, very rfcuch, bat
happened to cross, annoy, harra&.i and disgost
the public. OiTicrs of the government aro to
be fcuud in every department, who have
aharatt'i the uniform they wore, r,d the coup
try they represented. Corruption mrke f,
unmitigated corruption has stalked through
the land, and penetrated, more or ss, .the
various departments of the government.
Commencing with the conscription fer the
army,where the highest incentives wera upon
officers to act justly, fairly, f&lihfiiHy, and
honestly, Senator Sparrow aya ihero has been
the groaseat corruption. "Many (Bays ho)
who ought to have been in tbe k'd have pur
chased exemptions with money.'' So of Med
ical Boards. It ascertained that thousands cf
abio bodied men have bocn kept out of the
service "by tHeia. So of Quartsrrdasters,
Commissaries, Impretsirg' Agents. Many of
them have made themselves infamous, snd
the causo dious,by flagrant corruption and bad
practices ; by which the people havr.bscn op
pressed -and wronged, and the country injured
and outraged. Again ; even among tho3
cfficers who have not been corrupt, there
have beea in many instances loose and disor
derly habits, offensive ostentation, tuperoil
ious demonstrations of power, favoritism and
p-rtiality. Again : men, after obtaining
pesta of care, in many instanced, have be
tcmo lukewarm, indifrercnt, and in soma cased,
lOEtiie to the cause; and have wilfully con
tributed to iU hindrance. Again : t3 a result
of or wAnt of experience in the stydy of war,
ft viist number of use'ei and unnecesry ofa
er3 hate bsen thrust upon the public, caus
ing offence by their very number, and by the
fcrcaiin idleness which their want of occupa
tion created.
Azain : Much in tha system of Provos
Usrihals, guards, passports &c, have been
inconvenient, oppressive and distasteful. All
there evils ought to ba uprooted. These one
nits base villainous enemies whj violata
the sacred trust of office, to the corrupt ag
grandizement of ' sell, should bo brought to
puuishruent, and all men who are aligned,
elnties to perform, whether as ofc?rs or pri
vates, should constantly bear in mind, that
V:;rdin ai hr rnr-nr fJ V'mcnlf wall -
Le promoted or hindred the cause of his coun
try ; and should steadily endeavor, that through
him, the republic should sustain no injury.
On the other hand, the people have duties
ia-thij matter. They are not to rest in in
specting officers; to ferret out and expose the
c2enccs of bad men. It is their duty, as pa
triots, when they seo improper conduct, to
bring it to the notice of the proper authorities,
that it may bo corrected ; and when they fail
in tho peiformancc of tb.13 duty, they partici
pate in the wrongs against the government
and couotry.
Then, again, tho peoplo thou id set e.p .a
higher standard of patriotism themselves
and exact it frcm others. Those who have
duties themselves to perform, should perform
it to the letter. Yo who have, little to pay,
surplus to sell, eeo that you deal honostly,for
if you do not, you dare net call others ene
mies to the country none are worso than you
arc and exact it in others, in your neighbor?,
friends, family, everywhere. Let the stan
dtr'l of patriotism be high ; and let a moral
:r.tiau?nt compel strict adherence to it. What-i-;
there mere contemptible and mean, for ex-ki-jplc,
tt.au for men to fill office military
t ii;oo who uct only, have no affiliation with
tLo cause, but who, in their hearts, oppose it,
decry it, and wish it ill. Tho deserter who
fief s to the enemy are gentlemen to euch as
these.
Yet again, the government, the eause, the
itiuu must have tho popular confidence
And, how much it is to the interest cf the
people to give this confidcnce,no pen can write.
Gloom, despondency, and distrust bring the
very tvils they apprehend. Net bring these ou
ly but bring them in aggravated.furro; while
ondeacc,faith,&nd trust beget resolve,detcrml
r.atur,oxertiou,and these are all that are needed
to ensure success. Oh ! that every man, then,
would do his duty; devote his tinas, his means,
his mind, his heart, to the glorious task of
brit slag our beloved land out of her great
perils. Then, we may be sure that peace will
ccrr.e. Peace with Liberty, and prosperity
f.r her hand-maidens, with scns, and a great
deliverance.
"rTe must have cotiraj, and to Qur courage w-.
- raustadd faith faith iathejastice of our cause,
and faith its final triumph because it is just ;
eince the moral government of the world pro
cess on fixed and settled principles, which
limit the bloody wishes of tyrants, and will not
allow the reign of wrong and oppression to bo
eternal.
The Piedmont Koad. The community
will b gratified to learn, savs the Danville
Jicyister, that the Pitdmont Railroad is now
duinj much better fcervice than formerly.
f.;ou:o of the more serious difficulties which
v?re in 1 way of the running of the train
with promptness and regularity Jbave been par
tially overcome, and we may coLfidently lo ir:
for still further improvements. Thecourtry
is scarcely aware of obstacles tho management
cf the read have to contend with.
It is hardly proper for us to allude here to
the amuunt of business now dens upon the
lise, in tho way cf transportation, &c. P
ursburg Express.
Barringer's N. C. Brigade cf Gaialry.
the fllowipg account cf the operations of
the above named JJrigade, in the campaign of
last year, wa3 sent to us for publication Lcir.e
weeks eince, and laid asido by the late asso
ciate cditcr for revisal. Bat his death occur
ring a few days thereafter, it was overlooked
end only fout.d a diy or two ago, while over
hauling some old letters. This will accouat
for the delay ia its publication
Headq'bs, Babringer's Brigade A N. V.
January 1 7th, 1865":
Ma. Editor: The tucceasful operations of
the cavalry of this army, in tho campaigns of .
he past year has, to a most coninieudable de
gree, elicited the public attention, widen
would, doubtless, render an individual Account
of that part shared by this brigade, a matter
ofdnterest to your readers, a brief report of
which we take pleasure in eubmitting to your
columns.
At tho openiog of the epring campaign, the
Brigade comprised the First, Second and Fifth
Regiments, commanJrd respectively by Celo
nel Cbeek, Andrswsjind Evans. Subsequent
ly joined bjj the Tbir-J, commanded by Col.
4 Baker, under the late Brig. Gen. J. B. Gordon,
wnich with a Virginia Brigade, (Chambliss'sj
composed W. II. F. Lee's cavalry division.
The Fifth Regiment being detached, the Firf-t
ttd Second Regiment at the opening of the
campaign on acccunt cf "the rigors cf the win
ter, ad the excessive outpost duty, were left
y m quite a reJucea co&uiucfc.
THE AJFIAU3 ATATLEE's STAT101I.
A dotaohracnt of 150 men from the First and
GO frcm the Second Regiment under Cel.
Cheek, accompanied by a section of Hart's
Battery, under the immediate command of
Gen. Hampton, followed oa the. track of the
Kilpatrick and Dahlgreeu taiders, aad after an
unprecedented march, through mud and ice,'
overtook the enorny in camp at Atlee'e Station,
on the night of the 8th of March. Two squad
rons of the First Rvgimcnt was dismounted,
wuilo the other part of the command support
the battery. Theo two siadrons charged
wi:h the utmost alacrity, at the same time the
artillery opened furiously, and carried the
drop, driving ths enemy in the wildest con
fusion before them, killing and wounding
quite a number and capturing over 150 with
berets and equipment?, . a large number of
aruas and the . camp equipage, and a quanti
ty of stolen property. This daring and success
ful enterprise, over at least fifteen times our
number, thoroughly disconcerted a most dia
bolical attempt for tho capture and sack of
Richmond.
The lower fords of the Rapidan were pick
eted by? these two regiments until active
operations commenced the first oMay. A de
tachment of tho about 200 'men fiorn the First
X. C, under Major Cowlcs closely and skill
fully thiew all the obstacles possible in
Grant's way in crossing these fords. Subse
quently, Col. Qheek arrived and took com- .
mand, and did effective service in chocking
tho progress of the enemy, an,! Watching his
movements, hanging closely in the front 'of
the advance, and dropping occasionally upon
his Sank, in the time capturing nearly 200 i
prisoners andgood number of suqp.11 arms.
The remaining part of the Fifth Regiment
and the Second Regiments left their head- j
under Gen Gordon ta the direction of tho
Rapldun ; and on the otu, tnelifth Regiment, 1
juvt returned Irom North Carolina joined the
Brigade and participated in a attack on the S
7th upon the enemy s cavalry near Todd's !
The. lifth dismounted and drove J
the enemy into his works; when, being rein-
orced, bv portions of the other Regiments, a
severe fight ensued, continuing till after dark,
gaining some advantage on tno right, when
tne troops were' withdrawn. The Fifth boro
the brunt of the action, which loss in killed
and wounded, 18 men.-
On the 8 th, the Brade reported to Major
Gen. W.1I. F. Lee, at Vidkrsville, but re
turned the same afternoon, under Gen. Gor
don to Baker's Store, and then moved on tha
right flank of our army and halted a few hours
at eid Spottsylvania O. II , and thenco imme
diately round to Spcttsylvania C. H. in conso
qnence of a. raiding party undr Sheridan,
passing outround'our right. Gen Gordon set
out at once in pursuit, leaving a squadron
from the First, tinker Capt Bordon, to watch
the rear of Grant's army. This squadron did
excellent service in picking up . stragjl013
arms and camp equipage, borne 300 priso
ners were credited to their capture.
Gen. Godon overtook the tho enemy s rear
guard at North Anna river. The bridge being
burned, ho forced a passage above, and press
ing the enemy closely for several miles, killiifg
and capturing several of the rear guard.
On the 11th, he attacked the main column
at Goodall's Tavern, with grat vigor and
buccfss, sweeping their columns before him in
a mounted charge, in the uv st handsome style,
routing and driving them in the greatest pre
cipitation for several miles; killing and cap
turing a good number.
He encountered their
rear at tho Tet
Mih
Branch, where they were strongly posted, and
after a sharp fiht, dislogf d them, driving
them down upon the Fredericksburg Railroad,
skirmishing until dark with a boavy body in
strong position on the Railroad. In this af
fair Adjutant Worth; of the Second Norih
Carolina, was killed a promising" young offi
cer and a most estimable gentleman.
Next day, General Gordon attacked one of
their columns near Brook Ctiurch; but ere
ho had completed his plana lor the main move
ment, ho received a wound that, on the 18th,
ended his brilliant life. Here the State lost
cne of its purest and most devoted patriots,
the service one of its best Generals. Colonel
Andrews, of the Second Regiment, took
command, but the troops on his right failing
to come up, the enemy were not pressed, and
made their escape during the night.
The Brigade spent a few days in recruiting,
frm the effects of its severe labors, report-'
ing, in the meantime, to Major General Fiiz
Lee, then also in the vicinity of Richmond.
During this time it famished a detail of 225
men, under Major McNeil, for the movement
against Kennon's Landing, which failed of
success, with a less of 4 killed and 17 woun
ded from this force.
Oa the 20th cf May, the Third Regiment
Jbincd the. Brigade, and the command devolv
ed oa Colonel Baker. The next day, Colone
Baker met the enemy near Hanover Towu,
which constituted a heavy advance of Grant s
army. Crossing the Fauiunkey at that place,
he engaged them with rur-ch spirit; chieiijf
with the Third Regiment (Licutsnant Colonel
Waddel, commanding,) finding that a supper
ting party from the 2ad line had been driver
from his fight, and that he was about to i .L
flanked by the enemy, Colonel Baker Wi'
forced to withdraw. His Regiment lost 2
killed and 13 wounded.
The brigade reporting again to Major Gen.
W. U. F. Lee, and. participated slightly i.;
the engagement at Haw's Shop, on the 28th.
On the 30th of May, Brig. Gen. YouDg
was assigned teniporarily to the command of
the Brigade : and under him took aa active
the e!mj dy; ana .t Athlicd, on Juao
the l.-t. In the former C-ht, relty much
tho en'sre linca ie w.as dismounted, and
withstood, wi:h undaunted spirit, a fierce and
cverwheinvrsg attacE or the enemy; and in
the latter, ci.vm u; t.d, it cuArgeu the cremy
over a mi'p, under a mct heavv fire, dnvin
him ftora h:s strong pos?tiou in the centre,
and add d largely t his route. Here, some
ot the Third It giTjei), a'ter their arr.urmioo
had cxhaus'.c 1. aMu-'lly foU 'ht the er.enrv
with Etofje and trick-bats. The Brigac!- suf-
ierea s vere:v, ucin )n omvers
amouming, in'a total, to 72 in
r t.' t lit? r
and men,
killed and
wouuded. I this action, Gn. Young
sercly vt und d. and thecommaLd devi lvcd
aiin on .Col. wawer.
On the 3rd f June, the Brigade took a con
spicuous part in the second battle of Haw's
Shop' Heretie Second and Fifth Regiments
were dism -unted, led by Lt. Col. RobeHs and
Capt. Shaw, and charged at once the enemy's
line, which was driven rspidly through a
thick wood, back into a line cf works, which
was, charged, and carried in a met impet
uous style, driving the enemy back upon an
other line of entrenchments, with heavy sup
ports. It not being oar object to putdi the
rcconniosiarje anj farther, the command
w;;s leisurely withdrawn. This spirited and
dashing affnir was executed under the- eye of
Gen. Hampton, and elicited his special com
mendation. June the 6th, Gen. Rufus Barringer,. (just
promoted) took - command of tBk Brigade,
near Meadow Bridge, and on tho following
day moved to th vicinity of Bottom Bridge,
and picketed the lower Chickahominy until
the 13th, when the enemy crossed and
marched the south side. During the pro
gress of this movement, the brigade encoun
tered him in numerous skirmishes, especially
a White Oak Swamp, Malvern Hill, Cren
shaw's, and Harris' Landing, and Vilcos's
Landing.
Oa the 18th of June we moved across the
James river and took position f wo' miles South
of Petersburg, where, on the 21st of June, the
JJrigade, with aid cf McGregor's battery cf
Horse Artillery, met the Division oi the ene
my's . infantry, (Barlow's) and after a brief,
butfharp contest, repulsed it with the loss of
thirty-eight dead left on the field. Wfl cap
tured fifteen prisoners, representing nine dif
ferent regiments, including a Colonel. Our
loss was three killed, fiftoen wounded, nine
captured. Among the captured was Colonel
B..ker and Litut. Tord, Aid de Camp tuGcn.
Barringer. .
Next day, the 22d of June, the Brigade,
leaving the Third Regiment on picket, started
in pursuit of Wilson's and Kautz's raiding
party, that -had broken through our lines at
Ream's Station; overtaking their tear guard
at this' point, it was driven off and pressed
forward beyond Dinwiddie Court House, by
squadrons of the lifth and Sixth Regiments,
repeatedly- cnargmg it.
Near Black's and White's, on the 23d, the
Second Regiment, supported Gen. Dearing,
and in the evening, breaking our line and se
riously threatening our Artillery, the First
Regiment most opportunely arrived on the
fied, led by Major Cowles, demonstrated un
der a. most galling, fire, charged the exulting
lines of the enorny just as they were making
the final dash for the ArtuUry, and hurled
them back at once, driving them rapidly be
fore him. The Second, under Mafcr Roberts.
(Colonel Anderson h"ad just fallen mortally
wounded) prociptly facing to the left, hitch
ing his lir.e to Major Cowles', joined in the
charge, both being gallantly supported by
the Fifth, led by Major McNeil, which had
ot up In tha meantime. This brilliant
huccess checked ifco progress of the enemy,
and after a long and fierce, but fruitless.strug
gle to dislodge n, he abandoned his position
md dashed directly for. the Staunton Rivr
Bridge, where, on the 25th," this liriade
alone continuing the pursuit, again attacked
his rear, just as he made his demonstration
upon the bridge. Finding hirnseli then press
ed both in front and rear, he quietly abandon
ed his designs upon the bridge, and made a
precipitate retreat for his own lines. The
Brigade being broken down, it was deemed
advisable to turn back at this point all disa
bled men and horsesl .So ardous had been
its labor, it was found that only three hundred
effective mounted men were left for the pur
suit. With this small fur;e the enemy wTere
pressed forward until the 28te, when being
reinforced by Gen. Clearing, tho two" com
mands, under Gen. Lee, (who had been with
us all tho time) moved upou tiic left flank cf
the retreating column, leaving one Company
(" F ") of the First N. C, under Lieut. Ford,
to follow tho enemy's track. We failed to
strike him again in lorce, but no doubt added
greatly to bis alarm and confusion, and ma
king him an esy prey to the other commands
awaiting his arrival along the Weldon R. R.
Small scouting parties continued to be aent.
out to pick up stragglers, and others cut off.
The whole number of prisoners captured
were about one huudred and twenty-five. The
capture of hotses and arms" were quite consid
erable. Our b sses in officers and men were
not more than thirty-five all told. Among
the killed was Col. Anderson, of the Second
N. C an efficient and gallant officer, and a
most estimable gentleman.
From this last date, the Brigade lay
quietly neir Petersburg,-doing picket duty,
until the 28th of July, when it was moved
on the James River to meet a demonstration,
but returned in a few days and resumed the
same position.
August the 14th, it again moved across the
James River, and cu the ensuing day. met a
strung column of the enemy's cavalry moving
up the Charles City Road, Gen'. Barringer
dismounted the Fifth and attacked ihem at
White's Tavern, with great vigor, and drove
them in a most gallant style for three miles
across Wnite OaK. Swamp. Yljen the Stc
ond and Third Regiments relieved this regi
ment and drove them back upon a heavy
lineot mtantry supports. Here Captain Mc
tiaiuma, or trre I nira regiment, wan a
mounted squadron, made a most gallant and
successful dash upon the enemy's line, cutting
through and back again, without the loss of a
single, manj briuging off some prisoners. In
withdrawing the command back to the north
side of the White Oak Swamp, the enemy
attacked Col. Roberts with an overwhelming
line or mtantry. He most stubbornly contest
ed thefc opposing odds, and fell back gradual
ly, inflicting unusual punishment upon the
eaemy for every inch of ground he gained,
until Col. Check, of the First, reinforced him,
when he was ordered to retire across White
Oak Swamp, which he. did in excellent order,
the enemy showing no dispositi -n to follow
him. This Regiment suffered pretty severely
in this "engagement. Captains Bryant and
Cooper, a this- Regiment, was killed two
brave anq noble officers.
Oathe 16th, Gbamblisa' Brigade wasfnrioui-
ly attacked by the enemy on the line we rested,
on the evening before, and was driven back to
t liits & iavern, wnere our ungaae came up
auu ieiQI0ca mm. ine Din regiment, led
aad x-priaon.ent,
' by Major Cowles, charged Pn4 bnke their
dines on every formation; contributing mainly
to the rout and dispersion of tho enemy acro?
White Oak Swamp. "No troops ever evinced
a higher state of courage and enthusiasm than
the officers and mtn of this veteran Regimerlt,
Thj enemy's dead was strewn far 2nd wide
on lb;? lru!H. Our It? 'was small; aswng
the killed was Lieut J M Morrow tf the First
RegTmont. In him his comrhsnd lost 3 devoted
patriot and efficient cfiicer, and iu his pecu
liarly bcnev'olenS ana winning deposition,
the'privatsa (rue friend, which truly gives
him a place in the mcc-OMr of all that kLw .
him. .
On the 17th, again we attacked the er.e-4
ray for the purpose ef a rcccnnoisar.ee, accom
plishing our oesigns, retired on our hnea. On
the enduing dty-we rarched agnia to the
south side.
Oa the 21st of August, took an active part in
the attempt to drive the enemy from tbo Wel
don Railroad. The Brigade occupied the right,
and moved upon the small road leading frem
the Yaughb Road near. Popular Spring Church
to Wit'.Vs The Third Regiment, under Major
Mcore, drove the enemy into his advanced
works, after taking his works forced him rapid
ly through the. woods into the heavy entrench
meate along the Weldon Railroad. The Fifth
Regiment 3ras ordered, in the meantime, to sup
port Maj. Moore, and connected with his right,
pressed forward must gallantly, led by Major
McNeil, to within a few yards of the Railroad,
when the line finding itself unsupported in this
advanced "position, (the movement being par
tially a failure on the left) and being tbreute -'
ed by a heavy column on the right, they were
forced to fall back and refora. During this
advance the Second Regiment had been ordered
to their left by Maj. Gen. Lee, and First .Regi
ment was now put into their support on tho
right. The new line, thu3" formed, held its
ground until dark, when we withdrew.. Our
loss was G8 killed, wounded and raising of
"whom 38 were from the Fifth Regiment.
August 25th this Brigade commenced the at
tack on Reams' Station early in the morning,
by swinging far round upo.n the enemy's, left
and attacked him vigorously, and drove them
from their first line of works, on Tucker's
Farm, back upon the second line; thon hastily
withdrew and joined in the main attack upon
tno place, which was strongly fortified by heavy
breastworks, protected by an advanced line of
earthworks aud rifte pita. The disposition for
the general attack was made; the Brigade oc
cupied the right, advanced and drove the one- -
my precipitately from his first line, capturing
several prisoners.- Our lines were now drawn
around for the final assault upon the works,
our Brigade still constituting the right. Tho
Second Regiment, led by Col. Roberts, in r.d
vance, closely supported by the othev Regi
ments, charged, and were among the first
troops to reach the works, sweeping the enemy
tefore them in the wildest confusion. Ourloss
was miraculously small, while the dead and
wounded of the enemy lay thickly strewn on
the ground fought over by this Brigade. Wo
"captured over 100 prisoners. And here, be it
said' in due credit, that pur once jeered cava
liers elicited the special commendation of the
infantry, and for. once, 6hook hands over one
common battlefield, and mingled their shouts in
one common victory.
The Brigade participated in General Hamp
ton's celebrated "cattle drive," and did ef
fective service in holding the enemy in check
until the captured property wa3 safely gotten
off. After the enemy's repulse, in attempting
to intercept us at the Plank Road, Col. Rob
erts covered, the rear, repulsing in a most
handsome style, every farther attempt made
by the enemy during- ine marcn.
On tho 27th of September the Brigade met,
the enemy advancing on McDowell's farm,
on the extreme right of our army. The First
Regiment being on picket, were not present.
The Third was held in reserve, guarding our
rear -and flanks; the Second and Fifth Regi
ments were dismounted by ordr of Major
General Lee, and formed iindar tha immediate-direction
of Major McNeil, on tho right,
and Colonel Roberts- or -the left, the latter
commanding, with a portion of Butler's com
mand, moving upon the enemy's right flank.
Thus forn:Q'l, these two Regiments advanced
upon the enemy's cavalry in the woods, near
Wyatt's, charged thetn and broke their lines,
and drove them in a very handsome style all
under a very heavy fire, both from their front
and right. Of the prisoners captured, a
Major, one Lieutenant and eleven prisoners
were taken by these two Regiments. Our
loss was two killed and six wounded. Among
the former was the brave and accomplished'
Captain Turner, of the Second Regiment.
This spirited and successful affair was highly
creditable to officers and men.
Next day, the First Regiruent having come
up, we supported ChamblisV Brigade in the
combined attack uponthe Peebles' Farm, but
were not actively engaged. That evening and
next morning, the Brigade gathered up forty
seven prisoners. In this affair, -Lieutenant .
T., of Company F, Fifth North Carolina,
charged a body of thirty yankees, who weid
posted in a ' house, and captured, the entiro
puty, without losing a man.
On the 27th of October, in Grant's move
ment against the South Side Railroad, the
Brigade moved to tho intersection of the
Vaugnn and Military roads, where it awaited
orders frem Gen. Lee, who, with Chambliss'
Brigade, and 'the Fourth N. C. Regiment,
struck the Vaughn road higher up, and jessed
the enemy in the direction of the intersection
of thvse two, roads. On receiving orders from
Gen. Lee to'attack, Gen. Barringer dismounted
parts of the First and Second Regiments, and
proceeded to advance, but found the enemy
already retiring ; only a few shots were fired
by each party. He then moved to tho. Boyd
tJWn Plank road, and finding the enemy near
Wilson's we were ordered by Gen. Lee ta
dismount the First and Second Regiments and
put them ip on the left of the road, forming a
Una of battle, with the Ninth and Thirteenth
Virginia Regiments then actively engaged on
our right. Gen. Barringer being ordered to
advance his lines, the troops went forward
with great alacrity ; but Major McNeil, who
accompanied the Regiment, soon found him
self far in advance of the Yir2inia Regiments,
on his right,, who, for scJii:e reason, had not
moved at the same time. Oar line m,vf over
laped the enemy's right, Col. Cheek and Maj.
McNeil was now ordered to oblique to the
right, which flanked the enemy, and brought
our fire, upon, his main force concealed in tho
wocds.
About this time, the who e line being or
dered to advance, the enemy wore driven back
and pressed rapidly before us for nearly a mile.
Our victory was complete. Night coming on
prevented. further pursuit. - .
In the meantime, the other two Regiments
of the Brigade were put in position (mounted)
on 'the right of the road, where they supported
McGregor's Battery, and guarded our right
flank. After dark, Col. Robert3"scnt a party
under Lieut Tidwell to the vicinity of the
Quaker road, where they, surprised a Yankee
picket force, completely routing them, killing
4, capturiag 3 horses and a number of arms.
During the night, the enemy retired. Next
morning, we went iu pursuit ; but failing to
overtake the enemy,.we returned to camp.
The casualties were 3 killed, 05 wounded and
2 missing. Oar captures were 47 prisoners.
Ou the 8th of December the "Brigade mov
rd ont frcm its camp near Dinwiddie Couit
House, to oneraic against the enemy then
moving in heavy force with infantry and
cavalry far to our right, along the Weldon
Rail Road, crossing the fotlovay. river at
Gees. Ford. The rear of a Minting column
was overtaken-on tho Halifax roa", whero a
slight skirmish ensued. It being discovered
that we had struck his-rear, Gen. Hawptea
had the entire colnrnand withdiawn, aad re-
crossed the river and moved rapidly by Wy
att'o Mill; crossed the Mthermi river, r.nd
appeared in the enemy's front at BiiTiCld.
The Fifth was thrown a.- ross the -rivt r, and
placed in position .seme distance in froot'of
the Rii Road bridge, with orders to hold the
ground uutil the enemy had been compelled to
show his force, and tnen retire across the
bricce. A .sham skirmish ensued, in which
-
one effieer and two men were wounded ; tho
loss of the enemy was supposed to have been
considerable. The Regiment retired across
the bridge in geod order, drawing tho enemy
after them, when our a.VilJry Hart's and
,McGregor's Batteries of Horse artillery, and
the guns from the fort oin.l furious fire
upon them- while the Junior Rescrvcsc"''frora
N. C. who held tho earth wrks near thoriv
r, met their exultant lines with a oh a Ily fiie,
driving them back to the ir cover in the woods.
During the night the enemy LaiL. re:imi.
Ao?ut 2 o'clock, a. m., Gen. Hampton put his
command in motion to follow, with cur Brig
ade in advance the First Regiment in front.
The rear of the enemy was overtaken at the
intersection of the Halifax and Sux Gurt
House roads. Hero a Regiment of hiscavalrv
'was drawn up in a open field, when tho two
advanced fquadrous charged them, broke and
drove them in great confusion about half a
mile upon tho icr of their infantry. Two of
thir infautry Regiments quickly began to
form, which was charged at once, and several
were sabred in the ranks. Bringing out some
prisoners, - but finding them. t o strong, ti e
command was retired a short distance, the
enemy pouring a severe fire into u.?. A skirn
mish line was being -thrown out, when tho
enemy quickly movea off after his main col
umn. The Third Regicbnt was ordered to relieve
the First, and was passed to the front, with
the First t-quadron in advance, who charged
the enemy repeatedly until trghtfall, driving
him rapidly before them. The Second squad
ron now relieved tho First, and was thrown
forward, pursuing rapidly; it came upon the
rear guard, charged, and drove it over a mile
upon tho main colum, after having passed an
ambuscade which had been prepared for
us. Perceiving this the command was.im.
'mediately wheeled about and returned through
the ambuscade and regained the Regiment,
which Col. Moore had quickly wheeled into
line, to receive tbo enemy, who exchanged a
few shots, and moved off quietly in the dark
ness ou tlir liuo of retreat, ' .
. The Fifth Rtgiment was relieved, and early
on the morning of the 1 1th, took tip the pur
suit, following closely upon the retreat in
column of the enemy, who 'had so effectually
blockaded the road behind them, that the
pursuit was.drawn off beyond Sussex Court
House. Seldom have troops been called upon
to "undergo such extreme privations. Through
sleet and snow they uncomplainingly did
their duty officers and men displaying the
highest gallantry upon every occasion.
The following is a summary of the list of
the casuaulties of enoh. e;
First IN. U. Regiment, killed, 33 ; wounded,
S3 ; missing, 22 ; total, 13&: Second Regi
ment; N. C, killed, 1G ; wounded, 71 ; mis
sing, 22 1 total, -103. Third Regiment, N. C,
killed, 19 ; wounded, 86 ; missing. 48 ; total,
153. Fifth Regiment, N. C, killed, 30;
wounded, 137 ; missiug, 41 ; total, 208.
Total killed, 9S; "wounded, 377 ; missing,
127 grand total, 602.
Theso closing scenes of the campaigns of
this memorable year may well convince our
foes that our war-ridden battle-scared troops
fight witli tho same vigor and courage they
evincd at the opening of tho campaign; -and
that thoir bullyiug numbers shakes not the
settled purposo of those determined to be
free.
In this season- of gloom that to some ex
tent pervades the public mind,, that spirit
that incites men struggling for their homes
and firesides still burns with that determined
fiarce that should re -kindle its fires in ths
hearts of the doubtful and desponding. Sus
tain and give the noble men in the ranks the
accredited respect so justly duo them, and re
newed zest will be given their toil-ridden
spirits, that will tell on the fields on which
thoir brave officers are yet to lead them; and
their thinned ranss will close up, and again
the war-whoopjof vtngence will be raised for
the blood of the noble elaiu ; and the sacred
precincts of our imperiled homes may yet be
safe from the fell hand cf the invader. .
D. B. R
Special credit is dae these youthful troops, for
the gallaut manner ia whieh they acted. Illy
clad and a great many of them entirely barefoot
ed, stood that inclement day cn sleet and ice,
with defiant shouts, pouring their deadly aim
into the opposing lines of the enemy. After the
enemy had retired and tbe excitement of the oc
casion bad worn off, tbesa pocr brave lads stood
shivering in the trenches all night long, and next
mornirg1 one of the numbers, whoso blood "a few
hours before had warmed to an effervescent heat
in the fight, was stilled and cold; the chilling
winds were too much for his ill-clad, delicate
frame ; his pul?e had ceased to beat, and one sol
dier "less was numbered fur the countrv. Why
were they barefoot? Surely our good Governor
did -not know thia
The Yankee National Finakces. The
fallowing statement of tho Yankee national
finances has been furnished by the Treasury
Department to the House Committee of Wayg
and Means :
Asgregote debt bearing in
terest in coin $1,087,550,438 80
Interest on sixty and a half
millions ot debt bearing
interrst in currency
Interest on about thirty mil
lions of debt on which iu
terest has ceased about
(iegl tenders bearing no in
terest Fractional currency
C08;6C0 05
350,000 00
433,300 00
247,000,000 00
Total 2,153,735,411 26
Interest 98,141,001 8G
Ara't of unpaid requititions 136,000,000 00
A'mount in treasury 10,250,000 00
, The amount of suspended requisitions in
cludes' ail unpaid requisitions for every branch
of the public fcervice.
A Medical Opinion. IlallV Journal of
Health which claims to bo authority in Medi
. cai science, has taken a stand against married
people sleeping together, but thinks they had
better Bleep in adjoining rooms. It says that
Kings and Queens do not sleep together, aniKS
why should other people ? I runs of separa
ting a married couple on a cold winter's night
because Hall's Journal of Health says so 1
You go to grass, Mr. Hall.
E LEPRA PHI P.
KEPOKT3 OF TUB PKEga A8aoCrATi7w
From Eastern Xorlb Carolina
GOLDSBORO Feb. 20.The raidirr 'party
threatening Tarboro have beoa drirca bck.
Sherman's X'uYemcnrs
CHARLOTTE, Feb. 50.-The fim!UtH U,
liable inforiu4tf'n tht Sherman's anay, numbr
cot known, reached Yfivuboro and $kirm!ib9j
with oar rear guard this lacrning. It ii gap.
poeed to b ajvortfon of tht col oca waiek Uft
Columbia to the right, and crossed tho ririr at
Al?toa.. WinnJboroif thirty-eight tes,'l k
lievc from Columbia, oa tLo Charlotte Uilro!.
CMAitLOTTK Feb. 21. In.'ormatioa from be"
low ia meegre. Our army is jeliwd tc bo ia
Chester and Wiuniboro. The'bcit iofcrma-tios
says herman'i force xiuuiber 32,900 of all arnu.
Arrangements to circle hi advance aro culmta.
ting, but contraband.
Prisoners taken report general good trtatasjt
of citizens.
t'enfrdfrate (.'onsrest.
RICIIMOn D, Feb. 2d.-In the IIo, Mr. T.r
kins reported back ficw the CoEmittf c on Fr
ijn AHairs, a preamble and resolution!, t tot
diir.?d itptrt of which reada aa follows;
Whereas, the Ccrgrea ot tbe Coafederato
States haa evr been ur.irous of an honorable set
tlement, by negotiation, of all mV-ters of diScul-
ty between the Confederate States and the United
Stilts, and to thia end, aent three Conimissiijion-
ers in Februarj', 1561, to Wahington, to negoti.
ate friendly relations between the two O or la
ments; and, whereat, thee.havirg been refused
reception, and Ccngreaa, of the Confederate
States, in June, 164, adopted and published U
the civilized world a declaration of its continued
desire for an honorable peace, to which the calr
response from the Congress cf the Unittd Statei
was a rejection, by large majorities, all reseln.
tions for an amicable settleoent of existiEg di!!i.
cultica; and, whereas, Freafdcnt. Lincoln has re
cently announced to;thcse three eminent citlzecs
that th authorities of the United Staten, would
hold no negotiations with tbe Confederate State a
or any of thek separately, that no terms exeppt
such as a conqueror prauts to a subjugated peopla
would be extended to the penplo of these StaUi,
therefore :
JReielved, That while Con press rt reta that so
ultimatum ia left to the peoplo of tha Confederate
States but to continue the war, cr submission te
the terms of peace alike dishonorable, It acctptc
n their bvhilf, the isLue tendered them, a&i
solemly declare an unalterable determination te
prosecute the war with the United States until
that power should desist from all efforts to sub
jugate them, aud the independence of tho Confed
erate States is established.
Tbe second resolution compliments tho rmy
or the various patriotic resolution recently
adopted.
Tbe 3rd resolution invites the people to alem
bic in public meetings, and renew their vows of
devotion ta the causo of independence.
The 4thcolution pldtf Congress to pass the
most energetic ioearca to a eevro our ultimate
success.
Mr. Gilmor offered the following additional
resolution:
ctr, That, nethwitbfUndin all this, we
believe the Confederate States wonld consent, l?t,
to a separation. between tbe U. S.fiid C S., eah
one perfectly free and independent of tbe othar,
their rights, navigation, trade, transit, Ac, to be
fairly agreed on ; 2d, that all dbta created to ee
settled by Convention, to which each pr.rtr ehf-uld
be at liberty to send delegates each being itr own
judge as to the number, manner of election, aol
each party paying its own expenses, tie pririlegea
to be clearly defined and settled; 4th, each see
lion to have one vote, binding on'their part, only
when ratified by Congress.
Eac resolution of the corecntteo and amend
ment, proposed, were ordered to be printed.
The flouse then resolved itself into secret session
on the negro bill.
in tbe benate, the appropriation bill passed,
also, the bill abolishing the oilice ef Provost
Marsier.I, except within the lines of tho army mi
the held. - '
RICHMOND, Feb. 22. In the House to-dty,
a message from the President was rv-ceired, in re
sponse to resolutiora of enquiry, enclosing a tel
egram from Gen. Hardee, relative to the failure
to destroy the cotton at Savannah.
Jle states that tbe cotton wits stored in cellars
and garrets, and its destruction would Late in
volved that of the city.
The Senate ,bill increasing 'be rumber or mi-i-
ahipmen was passed. Tho tax bill was farther
considered until 3 o'clock, when the House teolc
a recess until 7 o'clock, p. in.
The Senate pn??ed tho House bill te more er
fectually punish absentees, and prevent desertion
from the army. After a secret session, it ad
journed. '
From the North.
RICnMOXD, Feb. 20. Yankee papn of the
17th infit., including tbo evening edition ef the
Baltimore American, has been received.
General Edward Jehnston has beea seat te
Fortress Monro for exchange. lie is nearly
blind.
Four hundred guerillas were within miles of
Nashville on the Murfreesboro turnpike oa the
15th inet.
Cairo telegrams ef .the iCth says, late news
from Kiry Smith's army says his troops are
very much scattered, for the purpose of obtaining
feed and forage, aud it would be impossiblo to
concentrate the in in any force during the present
season. Price is reported gone to Mexico on aa
important Confederate mission, under orders from
Kirby Smith.
The imperial force, under Vega, were badly
defeated in Sonora. Toga wae ceptured aI
shot as a traitor.
latest from the 5orth.
RICHMOND, Feb. 22. Northern papers of tha
20tb, including the evening edition of the Balti
more American, received. The news from South
Carolina is all received from the Richmond pa
pers. Tlje American's caption reads "Glorious
News Evacuation of Charleston This Place of
Treason Ours The Old Flag floats over Sumter
Again," Ac.
Hon. Roger A. Pry or has been released from
Fort Warren on parole. He wiil be exchaoged.
Gold oa Monday, 202.
Fire in Richmond'
RICHMOD, Feb. 21. A fire occurred on the
south eide of Main street, "between 12th and 14tb,
at one o'clock this morning. The upper part of
bnilding, No. 117, was destroyed. Joph Stebbin'a
wife, daughter and two sons perished ia the
fhimes.
From Richmond.
RICHMOND, Feb. 22. Admiral Buchanan ar
rived this afternoon in Jthe flag of truce boat.r
The exchange of prisoners is progressing daily.
From Petersburg.
' Fktrbskcbg, Feb. 21.
There has been, for several hours this after
noon, heavy tring on our extreme rbjkt, but ts
yet the cause is unexplained.
T