r wrt
THE CONFEDERATE f
" WEDNESDAY. April 20, 1864 " I
.Dampers.
In the Progress of the 13th inst., the "for
cign news" is introduced with a gusto, ac
companied with the announcement that the
"extracts throw a ilamp-r on the hope of early
recognition of the Confederacy ly Mexico."
This is the curt style with which this pa
per, so frequent and so vehement in its rep
etitions of its avowals .that it is devoted to
the cause, presents a piece of information,
well calculated, if believe!, to dampen the!
ardor of our hopes, and in thw moment par
ticularly, to depress the fve'iogs of our peo
ple. On Thursd" ly last, the Progress, more dis-.
tinctly unveiling its gratification, publishes
the following :
"To be serious, does not the snubhinz Max
imilian gave Slidell and the neutrality of
Mexico, proclaimed in advance, drive the
iail home? Shall we make fools of our
selves by looking to Maximilian, the Empe
ror, or "any oilier tnhn " longer for succor.
If we can whip the Yankees into an acknowl
edgement of our independence, as we be
lieve we can, let us do it, but no more of re
cognftjgn or he'p from abroad. The country
is sick oi the cry."
"We find it very difficult to refrain our true
sentiments of the Progress and its associates.
God grant that fhe day of our good fortune
is not far distant, when the loyal heart of
Xorth Carolina will find a right utterance
against Mr. Holden, against this organ of his ;
which, except his own sheet and Joy, the
yankee's, is the only organ he has in the Con
federacy ; and against their associates in this
now universally condemned agitation which
they are keeping up, to the dishonor of the
State and to her disrepute among all her
sisters.
Fortunately Hr the country there need be
no damper to Us hopes from foreign news,
extracted from the London Globe, for these
reasons :
First. The Londou Olobe is a vile aboli
tion sheet ; the or (fan of the Yankee Minister
Adams, and a paid fabricator of Yankee lies.
Second because in this very fabrication,
the Globe has overshot the mark and exposed
either its ignorance or its baseness ;for it prw
fessea to "know that "Mr. Day tun, the Amer
ican Minister, had intimated to Maximilian
the readiness of his Government to accredit a
Ilepresentative in Mexico and receive a Min
ister from the Emperor of Mexico." Is this
likely, when the Yankee Government has
even now a Minister in Mexico who never
has recognized -'the intervention" but who,
by peremptory orders, still clings to Juarez,
the opposing G overnment to Maximilian and
a Republic 7 Is it likely, when the Yankee
Government still exchanges courtesies with a
Minister from Juarez who still resides near
the Government at Washington?
Is it likely, when I his very arrival from
Yankeedom brings news that the Federal
lluiiseof Representatives lias passed a resolu
tion that the Northern people do not accord
with the monarchical dynasty just established
in Mexiao on the ruins of republicanism, and
that Congress is unwilling to. remain silent
on the subject ?
This resolution passed the House unani
mously. 1 1 came right on the back of thU
report of the London Globe about Mr. Day
ton and Maximilian. Is it likely that Mr.
Dayton had assumed to make the offer he is
represented to have done, of his own motion,
vrhen he kiiew there was a minister ol Juarez
Republican Government n w at Washington ?
Even Yankee boldness in evil, and Yankee
duplicity, would have bhruuk from this open
shame. '
Nor i it likely that he made any stich in
timation by authority ; for in that eveut Lin
coln would have never permitted this resolu
tion, without a struggle ; for it amounts to a
wholesale and dishonoring disavowal of his
action, if he had so committed himself.
With a unanimous vote in the House of
Jlepresentatives against the Government of
Maximilian in Mexico ; it is not likely that
that body will pass an appropriation for a
Legatiou to that court. But why did not thp
Progress, when it ushered forth this news,
which it expected to be a damper to the Con
federacy, why did it not publish with similar
eclat this other "Foreign news" the resolu
tion of the Yankee House of Representatives,
in order to take or! the damp to warm and
revive us a little ?
The reason it did not do this is, that this is
not the Progress' way of showing its great
devotion to the cause. With it, a little depres
sion of hope, political party agitation, abuse
of its Government by the application of such
terms as "tyranny" these evidences of loyalty
and affection are more in the Progress' vein.
If it thinks it veils the reality.it adds self
deception to its other follies. The eyes of the
people, not only of North Carolina but of J
tho whole nation, are upou Mr. Holden, and
by consequence on the Progress. Notoriety
has given each a distinction and a greatness,
more to be dreaded thau envied. If our
cause meets disaster and fails, they may re
cover. It is even then doubtful; for the
Yankees do not fulfil their pledges as did
Joshua at the siege oj Jericho. But if succes.
attend us if God prosper our arms, then
but it is not necessary to pursue the theme.
If that happens, perhaps in the joyous jubilee,
Mr. Holden and his coadjutors may be lost
sight of. We shall see.
The State Journal, published at Goldsboro",
is to us a welcome exchange. Its articles
arc conceited in excellent taste, and full of
the "true grit." Its location at Goldsboro'
enables it to furnish news from all quarters.
"We tiust it will mt a liberal support.
Soldier's Families.
We are informed that the allowance made
by tlic . Executive Committee o Wake, ap
pointed by the County Court, is only twenty
pounds of meal per month for a grown wo
man ! This, if true, is a very meagre. It is
not enough for a " grown, woman " to live
on. Messrs. W, II. Hood, Nathan Ivey
James Adams, M. B.. Royster and Henderson
Hodges w3 believe constitute the Elecutive
Committee. As this is a matter of public
interest, will these gentlemen be good enough
to state on what basis this allowance is" made,
in order that, if they have not the resources to
make the allowance sufficienti, the County
Court shoull take steps to remedy the evil.-
Believing as we do that there is abundance of
provisions for the support of all, it is not to
le debated that the soldier's families should
be supplied among the first and fully sup
plied tj avoid the pressure of want.
We address this enquiry thus publicly, in
order to elicit information for the correction
of the evil.
The Progress is still whining for Govern
ment pap; but most inconsistently says:
'We are perfectly satisfied with the patronage
the public extends us, and hope to be able to
weather the storm without subsidizing ourself
to secure favor from any quarter."
As as a Georgia cotenaporary replies to a
similar insinuation of being subsidized by pat
ronage, it strikes 'us that those who are so
.prompt to accuse others of receiving bribes,
must be estimating tlie conduct of others by
their own experience and practice ; or they
are mad because no one thinks them of suffi
cient consequence to be worth subsidizing.
The Progress charges one-third more for
advertising, and one-fouith more for subscrip
tion to his Daily, than we do. He has a right
to do this; and so have the people .and the
Government the right to decline patronizing
it, if they see proper.
It is gathered from the Progress, that Mr.
Holden declines the invitation of the people
oT Granville, and all other people, to meet
with them and address them.
Although all his life the advocate of Gub
ernatorial canvassing, he now regards it as
stumping for votes " His preference lies
in issuing clandestine sheets, purposely with
held from his exchanges of the same date of
issue but two sets of opinions one set for the
people, and another set for the army. Je
prefers netting for votes. It is more conven
ient than' stumping. In the meantime, the
people who invite Mr. Holden may consider
themselves as rejected.
A New Fabric. A gentleman atTarboro'
has sent us a pcrap of cloth the warp cotton,
and the filling one-third wool and two-thirds
raccoon fur. The gentleman remarks that
the fur is more readily obtained than wool,
and our readers may be profited by the. sug
gestion One thing is certain, the cloth is a
stout, substantial article, the fur mixing most
I admirably with the wool. It will make good
warm clothing for coarse wear and for ser
vants. That ' same old coon " can by this
means be made both useful and ornamental
even more so than'in the days of " coon skins
k and lo" cabins."
Capture of a Buffaloe Camp in NouTn
Carolina. We learn from the Richmond
Enquirer of Thursday, that on the Friday
previous, three privates belonging to Captain
Bower's company of tho 62d Georgia infantry,
aided by a few citizens of Bertie county, N.
C, attacked a Union camp near Windsor, in
that county, consistiog of thirty or forty
Buffaloes and four Yankees, supposed to have
escaped from Danville, and. about forty ne
groes, routing, killing and capturing many of
them. They.ware led by a Captain Hogard,
formerly considered a good ai.d true officer in
the army of the Confederate States. He was,
we learn, amoiig the killed. When. he first
entered the Confederate service he was very
firm in his devotion to the cause, but it is said
that his defection commenced wheu he begun
to read the North Carolina Standard ; Ftnce
which he has grown worse aud worse, until
at last he has met with his reward in infamy
and death. The four Yankees were recap
tured and forwarded to Kichmond, and the
other prisoners were sent to Jackson and
Windsor.
Gov. Vance will address the people of Har
nett, at SumervilJe, on Thursday, the 21st of
this month (April); of Cumberland, at Fay
etteville, on Friday, the 22nd, and of Chatham,
at Egypt, on Saturday, the 23rd.
The amount funded in four per cent. Bondsf
at Liucolnton, in this State, up to the 2d o
April, was one million, one hundred and
twenty-nine thousand and eighty-four dollars.
From Suffolk. Passengers on the. Nor
folk and Petersburg Railroad train yesterday
afternoon, report that Suffolk has been again
occupied by the yankces. On Tuesday, the
brutal and notorious Col. Spear, at the head
of three regiments of infantry, and five com
panies of cavalry, arrived and established
quarters. One of .the infantry regiments is
composed entirely of negroes, black as ebony,
and. as saucy and vulgar a set of devils as
were ever pressed into the yankee servsce. It
is not positively knows what Spear's inten
tions are, but the general impression seems to
be, that Butler has sent him to Suffolk for
the 'purpose f watching the movements of
the Confederates from a nearer- stand point
than he has been enabled to do hitherto. His
plans, whatever they may be, will probably
develop themselves at an early day. Peters
burg Express.
A letter from a soldier in Florida, dated the
18th ult., says : "The Yankees are deserting
and coming to us as fast. as they can. Eighty
five came to us last night, and fifteen to-day.'
They say the whole army woald come if they
could get off. We expect a hundred in to"
night. I do not thhlk the Yankees will give
us another fight iooo!--! They are all at Jack
sonville, under cover of their gunboats."
Extracts of letters.
We givo the fullowins extracts of letters
received at f nis ofrico, as specimens of many
that we daily receive :
"The 24tfr It-ginien.t is unanimous for
Vance and will ive him a plumper. We
have three Johnt n county Companies who
are going to vote for our noble Governor. We
-soldiers are of the opirdon that Holden's
. course has lengthened thi war at least a year.
Continue to combat his pernicious heresies.
The Ojd federate is read with great interest by
the soldiery and admire your course in sus
taining the cause of Southern lilicrty and in
deiieuuence.' - "
Etract of a letter from Gaston coanty :
"We are much pleased up here with the Con
federate and the course it pursues. Please
ontinue to advocate. the cau; uf true North
OaroIiniarB, and n:en with an empty sleeve.
,My old company B, of the 28th, can parade
t ight of this sort. We can't fight with one
i.rra, but there are various positions at home
could fill, if Uey were given us. But the
must-stay-out-of-ibe army" tribe monopol
ize eve7 thing in the way of place that will
exempt them from service, and we are turned
t way. Common justice, not to say grateful
; ;membrane fur our sacrifice, would put us
i j these places, while those who have cevejr
:een in the service-. but are fully able to go,
f .re represented in the "front,", as we have
ween since 1861.'
A letter from Walnut Cove, Stokes county,
iys :
The semi-weekly electioneering Standard
: -as been received at this office. It seems to
i u filled with editorials in the form of com
, - lunications. Its editor strives hard to cod-
ince the people that he ig a Conservative ;
i ut if he is to be judged by his past politic I
nurse, he is a Destruetive of the most radical
haracter. As an old conservative whig, I
- -mnot have any confidence in W. W. Hoi
en ; and had 1 been a Democrat; my dis
iste for him would be equally as great. I am
; leased to say, that but very few of the sub
; ribers to the StandaraYhzxe, will support its
liter for Governor. It there are many Hol
' inites in this county, they seem ashamed to
, jrn it publicly."
A letter from Monroe, Union county, says :
44 The Standard was taken last year by
iveral peTsons in this place, not one of
whom would now vote for its Editor as Cor-
oral of the Home Guard.'
From Lumberton, Robeson county :
"If Mr. Holden's prospects in other coun-
es are no better than they are in Robeson, it
ill be a long time ere he reaches the goal of
i is ambition. I have not seen a man (but
lie) who is desperate enough to- proclaim
imself a Holdecite ; and he is a soured, dis
' ppointed individual, who, like. Mr. Holdeu,
'ould bring ruin on the State, for the grati
' cation of his own selfish and traitorous ' in
: linadons. Governor r Vance will make a
lean sweep in this county. We are well
tisTied with his administration, and are de
.rmined to return him to his present position
t nother year.
The Richmond Sentinel lias received a yan
ee paper, from which it learns that Charles
, lenry Foster, of Cungressional notoriety," and
'aptain in the 2d North Carolina (yankee)
. egiment, has been dismissed the service by
ieneral Butler. Foster pretended to be elect
1 to the United States Congress three times
i 18G1 and 1862, from two different districts
i North Carolina. " He hel4 a State conen-
- on at Hatteras, in which forty-six counties
' ere represented by five delegates himself
presenting only twenty! reorganized the
tate government, elected a Governor, and
vent to Washington with one or nnre certifi
. ttes of election to Congress He had with
', im a fellow named Carpeuter, who was to
, .vear him into Congress. Carpenter and Fos
'. r had written a series of letters to-the New
York Times during the summer of 1861 from
- aribus " points in North Caroliua. These let
rs gave glowing accounts of " Colonel "
'oster's popularity, his triumphant election,
, ud of his raising a brigade of loyalists. Be
S re the committee of elections of the United
' tates House of Representatives, they admit
i -d the letters were not written in the State f
'.'orlh Carolina, and the chairman of the
mmittee reported that the claim was found-
-. i on " imposition," aud the report was adopt-
; J nem con.
Foster and Carpenter returned to Hatteras
-the former in the recruiting service, the lat
. t devoting himself to the manufacture of
legrnms for the associated press, and to
. ;rviiig as a sub-agent of the yankee treasury
. -in other tvords, stealing.
Th-se men are fair specimens of the "loyal
nion men" of the South, and represent
ie people of North Carolina with as much
irnessas Hahn of Louisiana, or Andy John
i n of Tennessee. The yankees will yet dis-
ver that the promise of Lincoln to subjugate
, ie South is a greater ''imposition" than even
'.je "claim ' of Foster.
For the Confederate.
A recent message of the Governor of Geor-
ia, the speech of the Vice President, and the
ction of the State Legislature, certainly have
4 tendency towards disorganization and coun-i-3r
resolution ; but tho boast that these pat
Ties and this action is an advocacy and en-
orsement on the part of Georgia of Mr,
lolden's temporizing, cringing, non-resistance
jolicy, is as groundless aa it is discreditable,
t'he same Legislature that parsed this pro
test", voted unanimously in favor of a resolu
i ion pledging the last drop of blood and the
ast dollar of money, for the prosecution of the
var until independence was established ; ex
pressed their unqualified approbation of the
ourse Georgia had' taken in seceding, and a
irm reliance (under Providence) on the
ubility of the Confederate arms to defend sue
i:essfully and triumphantly the position they"
iiad taken.
The members of the Georgia Legislature
and the citizens who favored this unfortunate
protest, are as bitter, as implacable, as .un
compromising in their hostility to the Holden
platform as any other class of . Georgians.--Some
of them have illustrated their patriot
ism and unyielding devotion to their couu
try '6 interests on many a battle-field, and all
of them every Georgian I ever beard express
himself- denounces Holden as an enemy to
his country. In these days of passports,
don't punish poor Tray for the company he
is found in ; give him a chance to snow -his
papers. X.
Raleigh, April 13, 1864.
. The foregoing communication was written
by a member of the Georgia Legislature, who
is indignant -at the effort being made by the
agitators of this State, to identify the Georgia
movement with their illegal and . pernicious
schemes. Eds. Confedebate.J
The door between us and heaven cannot be
opened if that between us and pur fellow men
is shut.
TELEGRAPHIC.
REpOR,rS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION
tni.!rdcc7di?mto act of CoDeresa in'tbo rnr
f-:S4-THBAs in the Clerk'. oQW
of the District Court of the Coafederate States
for the Northern District of Georgia. r
- From Texas and Mexico.
Homtos, Texas, April 4tb,
via S cmm itt, April 14th. J
The present state of affairs in Mexico' nay be
briefly summed up as follows :
Juarez, after his quarrel with Yidaurri, retired
to Coleinela and laid claim to Pedrau'g negroes,
and the presentport of trade between Mexico and
Texas. Vidaurri wag at last accounts organizing;
an army to contest it with him. They have each
about ten thousand men. .
The French have demanded the surrender of
tne state or aemar, of which Vidauri is Gov
ernor. He replied that he would leave it to the
people. A vote has been taken, at which but few
ballotg were cast; but as far a heard from.-they
favor the empire. 6u the decision being announ
ced, the French will march to take possession
peaceably if they can, forcibly if they resist.
Hamilton, the Liaeotn Military Governor, has
established his seat'of government at Browns
ville, appointed his officers and a judge, j. B.
McFarland is the judge Of Federal court at Browns
ville and Corpus Christ, and the work of confis
cation has commenced.
The bulk of the Yankee force has been with
drawn from the coast to Louisiana, leaving about
four or five thousand men for garrifon and offen
sive .operations. They profess an intention of
marching on San Antonio and Houston.
A Yankee force of three-hundredjattacked Lare
do on the 19th,. and were signally repulsed by
Col. Benairdo, with a force of less than one hun
dred. The Yankees evacuted lndianola on tbe 13th ;
they are still in force at Fort Esperazo.
Messrs. .Peebles, Raborn, Balduneand Senmic
wno were for sometime under military arrest for
treasonable designs, applied for a discharge to the
Supreme court, in a writ of habt'mt corpw. It
was not contested and they were discharged, only
te be re-arrestodunder the new law suspending the
priviledge of that writ.
The cold weather has made crops rn Texas some,
what backward, "and rendered the' prospeet less
fattening than last year.
The enemy is now advancing on the northern and
eastern borders of the State. They took Alexan
dria, Louisiana, on the 16tli. It is said that a part
of Sherman's and all of Banks, army are opera
ting in Louisiana, while Steele is advancing from
Little Rock.
The. new currency and tax laws are causing
quite a financial sensation. Gold is now twenty
five for one in this city. It is said to be twenty
for one at San Antonio.
The spirit of the people is good, and are pre
pared to resist the enemy in his advanc? against
the State and to fight the war through to the end.
t
From Alabama
Mobile April I5th.
Western advic.es announce that Chalmers cap.
tured Fort Pillow, and' two regiments, eight to
twelve hundred negroes, and eight guns and caused
the destruction of two transports.
From Georgia.
DALTONJVpril 14.
Artillery firing was heard in the direction of
Cleveland this evening, supposed to be the enemy
practising. It is reported that McPberson'a corps
hare arrived at Hunts villi.
Weather cloudy and threatening rain.
Our Victory at Shrevtport.
Meridiav, April 14.
.Advices from beyond our line's, confirm the re
port of a Confederate victory in the Trans-Mississippi
Department. The wounded are arriving
at Baton Rouge in large numbers.
Powers' cavalry hd a fight recently at Plains'
Store, near' Wood ville, whipping the enemy and
taking a number of prisoners and one piece of
artillery. Col. John Scott takes command of the
cavalry in East Louisiana. "
Mexican, Northern and European News.
Richmond, April 15.
Northern papers to the 13th received. Gold in
New York on the 13th, 175.
The Mincsota, was seriously damaged by the
torpedo explosion.
The steamer Miplo Leaf, from Philadelphia,
to Jacksonville, struck a torpedo on the 1st. The
explosion tore oil her bow, causing her to sink
in ten minutes.
Four thousand Federal cavalry occupy Eagle
Pas?, four hundred miles above Brownsville.
The French are marching on Mat amor as and a
fight had taken place, in which the French were
victorious.
Cortin hid issued a proclamation, ordering
all troops to ba concentrated on th Rio Grand e
to resist the occupation of that place by the
French.
European advices to the 31st received. The
Prussians attempted to carry the Danish fortifi
cations at Duppel by storm on the 29th. After
four hours fighting, they were repulsed at all
points.
The Liverpool cotton market is quiet and -unchanged.
Breadttuffs very dull and prices lower.
The rcaolufioa for the expulsion of Long of
Ohio, is still pending in the Yankee Houe of Re-
EresentaUves. During the. debate on Saturday,
arris, of Maryland, said that tbe South was not
subjugated and God Almighty grant that it never
may De. 1 hope you never will subjugate the
South.
A resolution to expel Harris .was offered, but
failed for the want of a two-thirds vote.
Great Battle at Shrcreport Yankees
Badly Beaten.
Mobile, April 15.
Advices from different points on the Mississip
pi, report a great battle between Kirby Smith and
Banks, near Shreveport. Banks was defeated
with a loss of fourteen thousand men. Baton
Rouge and other Hospitals are full of Yankee
wounded. "
From Richmond and, the Sort b.
Richmond, April 16.
Excitement prevails at Joneaboro', Illinois
caused by soldiers shooting a citizen. A force
has been sent to prevent farther bloodshed.
The Pennsylvania Senate has adopted a re
solution removing the seat . of government to
Philadelphia.
Meade will be retained in command of the
Potomac
Raining here to-day.
SXCOKD DISPATCH.
Richmond, April 16.
The Petersburg papers this morning report
considerable excitement in the Blackwater sec
tion, in consequence -of the advance of the
Yankees. Several skirmishes had taken place.
Inform at inn. ttnA m1:i .
, isimvic, rvprnrnu mat
liornside s forces were landing in large Bamberg
at Portsmouth on Wednesday.
later from the Korth.
Daltok, April 1C.
Northern des to the Uth received. The
East Tennessee Convention met atKnoxvillt on
the 12th. There were delegates from nearly
every county. Tdta Wilm mado an explana
tion of his compromise with Jeff. Davis and de
nounced hi acts as unconstitutional. William
Heiskell was elected President. Daniel True
heart made a speech denouncing tbe apostates
in the bitterest terras. A combination of poli
ticians against she administration exists in
strong force. ' -
Andrew Johnson made a speech declaring
that the negroes had been working the rich
lands of Tennessee long enough, and said that
slavery is already dead. He said if we had fib
slaves there would be but few traitors.
The Railroad bridges over the Potomac, which
were destroyed by the freshet, have been re
placed. New Orleans advices say a large side wheel
steamer evsded the block ad erg at Galveston and
succeeded in getting in. She had on board four
thousand stand of arms.
It is reported that Bishop MeCIosky has been
appointed Arch .Bishop of New York in place of
Bishop Bauldiog of "Jaltimore.
The steamer Virginia, with Liverpool dates
to the 29th, has arri ved.
The Danish Conference met at Lovesten on
the 12th of April.
Contois 91 j.
Cotton 77, Gold 74 .
Long of Ohio, was defended in the House of
Representatives by Harris of Maryland, and
Fernando Wood of New York.
The steamer City of New York was wrecked
at the entrance of Qucenstown Harbor by run
ning on a rock. Site will prove a total loss.
It is reported uit the rebel Forrest, with a
large force, is advancing on Paducith. Rein
forcements have been sent from Mayfield.
Nothing-transpiring here.
From Georgia.
DaltoN, April 15.
AH- quiet in frcnt. Five Alabaraians, who
were to have been shot to-day for desertion,
were temporarily reprieved by Gen. Johnston
until the President could be heard from.
Woatner cloudy ani cool.
Sale of Xeir Six rer. Cents.
Richmond, April 18.
The Secretary of th Treasury advertises
this morning fivo millions of thf new gtiarnn
' teed six percent. Houds.to be sold at auction,
.in lots to suit purchasers, on the 12th f May.
The number of prisoners of war at thin
time in Richmond, is le.ss than two thousand?
including eight hundred commissioned ..fiicern.
Another flag of tiuco boat looked for on
Friday, with prisoners, for exchange.
Weather clear thi mruin.
It is believed that active military operations
in Northern -Virjiuii will commence this
week, by the advance oi Grant's army.
fEC ND DISPATCH
Richmond. Apiil 18.
Monseur Paul tho Fr.;n:h conu'ar :i2'?nr,
at Richuioiul, rc omen" on &tnrd y from a
pn tracted viit to the Ui ited Stairs, ni d ar
rived at City Point in a French-man-of-war.
It is undurstoutd tha; he has cmpletrd te
airnrvgenients for h-? shipment of ihf Fieuch
tobacco t red in this etiy. One vessel char
tered by him is at City Point and others are'
expected next vek.
The" note signing Durenn of the Treasury
Department, will be tran.sfe.rn d to Columbia
this week. A uumber of employees, chiefly
adieswill start for Columbia Thursday. It is
reported thar the first and second Auditors,
will also be removed temporarily, to some point
further South, where the cost of subsistnuce i
less than in Richmond. Montgomery and Selma,.
are both mentioned as the probable location of
these Bureaus for the present.
Dr. Hoczco Lu.ro, a Yaiikt e spy, was ar
rested at Tapj ahaimocJi on the jmint of
crossing the river. Maj s of the harbor of
Charleston, Wilmington, etc., Knowing the
location of torpedoes were found on -his hotly.
Later from the North,
Orange C. II., April 18.
Northern dates of the fourteenth and fif
teenth have been received. On the 13th gold
wpnt upto 179, but on receipt of the news
that Chase ha I negotiated a loan of
three hundred thousand pounds pterlirg in
London, it fell to 175, but rallied and closed,
at 177.
The capture of Fort Pillow, seems to be
confirmed. The Shreveport news is a'.o oon
tirmcdto some extent.
Grant writes donn the oflicial loss at
Missionary Ridge and Lookout Mountaiu at
GOO killed, 4,000- wounded aud 700 missing.
The Desertions from the Confederate
Ausir. A Northern paper noticing tbe exag
gerated reports of desertion from the Confed
erate army says :
A Detroit pTiper mentious a g ntleman of a
statist'Cal turn of mind, who has kept a care
ful record of the desertions from tho rebel
army hiucc the first Bflll. Run. aa thesr, hav
Deen reported in yankee journals from time to
time, and the sum total shows that three mil
lions aud three hundred thousand rebel sol
diers have abandoned the Confederacy and
come within our lines.
In one of the towns in North Mississippi,
during the snow last month, a little "refugee"
girl, who had .never seen so much of the ar
ticle be fore,, was much alarmed lest everything
should be irrecoverably buried. Her anxiety
at last found utterance in the exclamation,
"Oh, I do wish General Forret would come !"
DIED,
At tho residence of his brother, Ilecry O. Wil
liams, Esq , in Nash coantr, on the. 9th March,
Col. William T. Williams, aged 2 years.
Col. Williams voluotered in April 1861, and
wu elected C&Dtain of the first Volunteer Com
pany from Nash coanty. He served as Captain in
the Utb Regment C. T. until the fall of 1SC1,
when he was elected 'Lieut. Colonel of tbe 2nd
C. Battalion. He commanded this Battalion
until it was organised into the 32nd Begimeat K.
C. T., and was elected to the same position in
this Regiment, which position he ttUe4 with
much credit.
A short time before his death, he resigned the
office of Lieut CoL of the 32nd Regiment, and
soon after recieved the appointment of Assistant
Surgeon in the C S. Navy.
Col. Williams made a popular commander and
was greatly beloved by those who knew him
both in- tho- army and. at home. Few men have
been gifted with a higher order of talent, and
none gave better jpromise of fatore usefulness and
distinction.
"A traer, nobler, tnstier heart,
Mere loving or more loyal, never beat
Within a human .fereasti" ' ""' v
.twi-frf.' Haviltoh.
iJk!5.e, Dr!.c JMer.-.-Sloleti . the
JfcivlI'S" J10 deftigncd. from th
rtable of REWBEN BRRY, whife on lit rt't
Sl"fk iron-grey STALLION.
and tail. I will give th alove reward for the
recovery of the horse or the detection f rh thief.
i S1 . Y,tf THOANTdN.
ApTil Utb, 1S64. ap-JO-ft wlOx-
TSfJfatem Hash i'oantr. Fellow
CITIZENS AND SOLrflEKS ?Il take th7i
methwl of announcing myself aeandidate fur ttio
office of Sheriff of Nash County. Yon are all aware
that lam deprived of the privilege ofappearie
befors i you in the umi1 way, to declare mjselfw
candidate I hope, therefore, to he exrntcd f.r
doiag ,o In ttii i feet Fr,ow tilUentf ,ni
fW"", in doing this thatl am renting to
tbe rail of many voters of my county. Thi it
my first attempt to be placed ia publie office, and
can only promUe, if elected, to serve the people
J'ftly andjmpartislly. I have ever frit that I
was ready and willing to serve the people of my
county In any capacity in which thay might place
ira, to tbe bet of my abilhy. It I not my dculgn
t- ovcr-cftimate ray claims, I ut to spcate a few
plain and simple faets. .1 entered the rrmy car'y
in the spring of 1861, and have belonged to it ever
sinec ; daring which time I hsve been twite severe
ly woamlcd, from which I fear I shall never en
ti'ely recover.
It is for the reason given and though the earn
est solicitations of my friends, that I have en.
scnted to be a -andidstc. I hope nMwithrtandin
I am far from yonr miht, that my claims will U
duly considered, and that I may have tht phasnre
of seeing my name handed in to the Ballot JWn
more times than iKr. n .... .
lbeoneot'the fortunate ones fscape th
Yankee halls during the ruining Campaign. I am .
very respectfully your Vr. Sen'f.,
GEO. W. WESTRAY.
1st Lieut Co. A. 47th N. C. Hvg't.
Near Orange C. II, Va., April 13th 1864.
ap. 19 -71 -41 1 twl-wl.
Spirit of the Afre and I'rogre! please copy two
times, and seed bills to this office.
rpoThf Voters of Wake Count j.Ff lion
1 CI 1 1Z ENS: At the urgt request f many
gentlemen, both in the army sod t home, I aiii
a caudidate to represent vou in the House of Com
mons of the next Legislature of North Carolina.
"My principles and views, as a" Southern man
"after the strafleet sett, are well known to"jiiy
peraoiotl friends. "These principles and views aro
what they have been. .Thev will not bechanprd."
Prior to the Proclamation of Mr. LinroTn in
calling for seventy-five thousand men, 1
was a Union man ; but seeing that the. Northern
States of the Government sought our degradation
and ruin, 1 tore from my bosom the last spark of
affection which I cheriihed for the Union, and
to'ok my stand with the sons of North Carolina,
and the South, in behalf of Right, of Truth, and
Freedom.
In May 1SC1, I volunteered as a private, atd
remained in the army until my health failed, when
I was discharged. Believing that the surest ant
speediest wiy to obtain pesco is by a- viporuc
prosecution of the war, I am in favor of exerting
our whole strength, at a people, until thi.. t rd i
obtained. So lung aa the enemy construes anv
pnp6i ion coming from us f..r peare v an ad
mission of weakness on nur part.it wonM !e mad
nesi in hi to submit them. We mutt fight on,
and prny on, trusting that God will, in Ilia own
good timo, give us an honourable and lasting pearr.
If we will continue to cooperate with, and sun
tain our President a in tin "worthy of Rome in
Rome's best d.tys," I honestly heliete that th
day of our deliverance 4s near at band.
I shall give to Gov. Vance a hearty nnd cheer
ful i-upport I know the nmn, and I know him t
be a chivalrous, generous man, and a pure patriot.
As to the manner in wbirh he has guided the bem
of State mi.id the perils which environ her. it is
unnecessary fertile to speak. We hato U srn
.and felt the good cnVct gtotving out of his wise
an J judicious administration.
If you elect me, fellow citizens, I shall escrt
whatever of influence I may posse to mitigate
the suffering of our galltmt soldiers, by snppor-,
ting and cheering them in Ihe field, and taVirg
care of thrir families at hoinr I w-m ''7
l'r no party, uit forth whole people of North
Carolina, and their posterity.
JOHN W. PAG E, M; D.
ap. 15 -OS lftt wtf.
Navy Mikni.no BuaKAt', C. K N 1
Warrtnton, N. C, 18th April, IfcGl
MINKKS WA3TKD.
fpiIOSK prrson skilled in the btuinc, ran fiiid
1 profitable employment bv applying to Capt.
A. R. Faukax, C. S. N., by letter at arrrnton,
or to W. W. PKIKCh,
ap VO-12-nt Msj. A Ch'f (J. M., Raleigh, N. C.
Aiyrttcville Observer, Charlotte Deaionat,
and 'Wilmington Journal, copy two week in
wecklv and send bills to this other.
N
ot Ice. ..-Taken up nnd rommlttfd to
the Jail of Catawbt. a datk .NKGKU msti
about tittv vearsof age. Said negro savs.hi name
is PLKA&ANT, and that he is the pioprrty of
Hugh Carlyle and co. Hondetson of Georgia,.
A. J. HELTKN, Jailor.
Nenton N. C. April 13th 18G4. ap. 20 H-nCm.
Jailor's Notice Taken up and Commit
ted to tho Jail of Chatham county, N. C, a
AtiGRO MAN, who 'ays his name is Washington ;
that he bolongs to Mrs. Emily Williams of New
Hanover county, N.C He is about 5 feet 1" ineho
high and dark complected. Th owner is hiely
ne iQcd to come forward, prove property, and p:y
chargs, or he will be dealt, with according to 1-iw.
W. HANKS. JAtt.oit.
April U( 18A1. ' ap20-l2 3
L ost "(riinwtcorstokf tirTnUf r
signed hus lost the following Certificate, No.
UU tor f 500, issued to T. N. Copcr, Raleigh,
dated July 2!Mh IHG3, and assigned over Ut Ssnl
Martin. Kvery persou is forbidden to purchase
the same, as application will be made for its renew
al. SAM'lr MARTIN.
4 6w Salem, N. C
Office of Chief Quartermaster, Kalelcb,
February 17th 160 1. Proposals will be re
ceived at this office until the 2th inst., for the
ruanuiacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nuts.
Proposals must state the price per gallon for the
oil produced; ai.th; Government will rvquire
the total produce of oil as well as oilcake.
W- W. PKIRCB.
20-d3t&w3t Maj. andChi( 4. M.
ErWilmington fonrnal, Fayettcville Obser
ver, Raleigh .Standard and Petersburg Register,
copy 3 times aqd send bill tO.Msi. PelrcP. -
Lead Mine Interest for Sala
I AM DISPOSEDT'O SELL MY INTEREST
1 in the WYTHE UNION LEAD MINK COM
PANY, notwithstanding the property is thought
4o pay a heavy per centum to the stockholders.
I invite gentlemen of capital to examine tha prop,
erty. Mr. Wm. Kohler, the agent, will give all
the necessary information, or they can call and
see me at Hiekory Grove or Poplar Camp, in
Wythe county, Va.
tnh 26-52-d U-wIt A. N. CHAFF1N.
$50 ItrCWAttD.
R ANA WAY FROM THE BUBSCRIDER ON
the 14th of February, a NEGRO WOMAN.
Said woman is about 30 years of age, cosapfoxicn
black, height 6 feet four inches, and has lost her
right broast by a cancer. Soppase she is try
ing to pass herself off as a free woman ia the
neighborhood of Knap of Reeds, or Tslly Ho,
Granville county, N. C. The above reward will ba
paid for bar delivery to me or confinement in jail
so that I can get Eer. SARA II K. ROFS,
ap l S7-w4t . Darhams Station, N. C.
ll IDES, 11 ID ICS'
HAYING OBTAINKi) THJi SERVICES OF
Mr. Woodward, one of the best Tanntrs ia
the Confederate States, I am now ready snd re.
celving HIDES to Tarn on Shares. I tan for
one-half, and sell my share to owners, (except
speculators,) at one dollar per pound, or for one
third and sell as I choose. Tanning done for in
digent soldiers' families free of charge. I will
re-tan and finish leather for tbe government or in
dividuals on reasonable terms. Persons requiring
information are teferred to the editors -of tbe
Covft0niU. J. ROBT. JEFFREYS.
ap 1 S7-dlwAw4w '
HIDES! HIDES!!
1 AAA LBS. DIVY HIDES FOR SALE.
1UUU Address ' J. J. PERKINS,
p 11 61 t Wilson, N. C.