THE CONFEDERATE.
liVJ
A. U (JOaHAX A CO., froprittert.
TERMS :
DAILY EDITIO.V, for C month.....
. . . .
i-ifrtua- .Marriage noucea ana uuji u - -
,r,-..Ja3 advertisements.
JOB WORK.
mR Wnriiv nf oTtrr description will be ex
' . f
TKt-W SEKLY, for aowths.
3
It
ic.ivl,t cuiTiu.Y,ruriMtaa. a
iVotnoscriptlon will be reeefvtd on an v other
terms than the above, nor for a loeger or tuorter
period.
Ara. mm T ....
,-at?d at this Office with dispatch, and as neatlj i
can be done anywhere in the Sonthern Con t
YOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1864.
NO. 17.
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
jVFIiTISCilEXTS will be inserted at thbes
: u. j cr P'inarcof ten lines (or lew) for each
. trill hC
ram
The News.
Ia addition to the interesting detailed ac-
,our.t ia this paper, wc hare some priv-te-j
vivo' interest. A correspondent writes us
Petersburg
on Saturday and Suuoay j
;.,t II- writes: -: It is certainly true that
f G ?a. J. K. B. Stuart was killed on Thursday, f
iv.:ry G 'ht. He was shot through the
a r:
aV.orr.sn.
G.I. Heury Clay Pate, of this city,
ra killed. Gen. Longstitet was struck
with a pieoo of hcll.froui the enemy's guns,
r.i '.kin? a severe wound. It was a mistake
a' -it Lis being wounded by Mahone's brig-
3,1
i
'liiere is a r; rt here t -d iy (Saturday)
that
the iron-c'ads from Richmond went
J.-wn the Jp. nes u-day, accompanied by six
tv pi-ce of arciilery, and a brigade along the
ir.vr b
"SuNUAir, 10 p. m. No news of special
i!- ro;t. from any point, up to this hour to
il .v. The telegran'i win sepm to be cut on
:l.e Uicf.rn nd and Dmville, and the South
vA'i roads."
If the report be correct of the iron clads,
m vinj d nva from Richmond t Drew
rv's Bluff, we rniy expect to hear of some
warm work there.
Gov. Vance addressed the people of Wake
cu n ty on yesterday, at the Courthouse, in
this city, in advocacy of his claims to re-election.
He ha l a large and attentive audience,
who "ive unmistakable indications of their
1 sit:-! icti u with Lis effort. His speech, in so
Bfir.u t ril .- thn iif'itn nf fh rrmnfm and
his p'jsiii.m n national questions, was identi-
'ral with th vi hretofre made by him at
!Wi:kerro' aud Fayeiteville.
'.. t ........ 1 1...
.ti n.'-.na, iu'3 iitcr-Mijf iiunmcvi vm win.
J V ncj i f oeii.sr oh;i'?d to mike a political
t;.-"::i here a: this time; bat the fault, we
a i obliged to .id....", is not hi;. Hereafter
v.y aii.iil loo-te the responsibility properly
a: d w.' shall n t foil to take due notice of the
oiii-.r iint:ai entertaioment which was served
i:t in t i;s -it ; ou yesterday. For the present,
.1 i 1 T.'lt tt
y w. ar- r.'fj w;e ausoriv-a. ji vjuusnaii prosr
I (i n-. L - ari 1 Bern egard, aad give us
1 v. ; ry, .'j w-.d t:en turu gut attention again
1 . .. i'i . i v:!!! it!, ii' i .if T r 1 1 il.l n ".mil
1 h l:t:!- frv.
The Legislature. j
Ti ' i" day i n which tne Legislature at
? Iat .s.s-ioa urne: to re-convene. We j
u;t : tje members oa toe streets f
f the members on the streets
y.v-terdiv, sai t!.i;.k i d ubtt'ui if a quorum
1 jT'-at to day . The 8.sMon will probably
to .i t-ii rt one, as we kaw of no business
a;i-e to cuusj a protracttd one.
the G ver;i or's mjssase be delivered
i iv. v,-t- will eiuljiv'.j.- to procure a copy
i ! iv it bcfTC our readers to-morrow. (
The Wounded Soldiers.
We are afraid the Lad.es of Raleigh are ;
1...: g.Mu.My Hwirc, thxt wo huv several j
h.; Hri; l wouuicd and ss.k s.)Idiers in the ;
11 '.-pit i!s of this cit)'. Tny are litre, lati-
in-h .ii in niiu a:ui sntrerinor, deprncl ut
'h cau p-ribnn in the; stead of those abs nt
;:.v s, t'i teoJ-jr offices which fiir hands
th r cities an 1 towns r ave performed for
ri huabauvis, sons aad brothers.
We
therefore say what we know from
;al bsor.atioa, that the sympathising
..,3wi iae Liiaies oi nuein wouiu oe
.1 f 1 T I i 1 1 .
a..: jiratefu'.ly appreciated by the wounded
:.d
:;k soIJicrs in our Hospitals. Little
wie to Mitt the palates of those vhose ap-
.nast be tempted by some nice viand ;
i rich, c '. milk ; a bowl of refreshing
revivi-g cozee ;
a w rd ol tender,
.;: ..y sympathy, a bjuquei offliwers any
u:.u't-t itions o; rt-inl aad tsteem, riming
- zt v. :.! to?as of apreei itioa of their ser
. cs a:.d rutLi'uigs ia the caue of our couu
are nc-'ived as refreshing showers upon
parched drivers of th; desert, and as the
feeLial dew up-ori the witheral ro.se-bud.
We ki:ow wc riCv'd v:Ay call the attention
i ti.e ever gen. roas aad patriotic Lidiesof
city t '.h-; m ittiv, to ensure a general
:ts::da:ic? una the nob!a soldiers who.
4 - - ,
o -.:lv.l. Pi:k ani suffering, are in their
isit th?m every day. Carry them
J , . .....
i.e u -Mcacies; tuoy up thtir spirits in their
:'-fing coinhiioa ; read to them ; talk to
-::; ca'ry th"rn r:ewp ipcrs, books, Sec,
f r jettiag the bible and the fervent prayer
' 'he:r rtc very aad spiritual welfare. They
e y j,; r p. b e defenders. They have stood as
V;l of fire be ween you and a cruel enemy,
-:-iag your ruin and your "country's over
" Li-t yo2r gratitude be manifested by
-' i v ufn.vs to them.
' o :r c rrepou lent gives a MM off-hand ac-
of the meeting of "The Thraisee--e
trni test sect." he'd at the Town Hall
--t vHjy. Party uoeetings at such a time as
4;; -re bar roving to all the better feelings
' --e ? itriotie &.ul ; and tho'e who have a
-t to engage in them, exhibit a want of
-xioty for the country's safety and welfare in"
her darkest hour of peril and danger, that
a " how any true roan can prases
F1'1" ,4itl a:m uerir..i u, . fcr4T61 nw danger, performeil no i-crvice, and
i .,vs- ki: dly attonii -ns aid -ympuhie. fr.,n wm ato m,t QOW m jn useful at homeIght
jV.he I .v.vd .m s at ho:a,. which thy so much ; to gf, and mcet the 0CsmVt and rolicvc 0ur
ltSc! The absence f these can be supplied ; feeverey And t,iey tQ
Icy the wives. -thew and sisters uf Ililrih, j be WJ tQ u
This body met ia adjourned session yester-
1J. Never did a body of men represent vaster
interest. Never did a body of representa-
lives meet unaer more solemn ana in.pvw.ug
Circumstances.
Do to ey comprehend their r sponsion it tea
Are they alive to the situation or the country 7
Uo they take in, in its laiicomprenonsion, ine
hour its emergencies, its duiies and responsi
bilities? The fate of the nation, and along
with that the destiny of the commonwealth,
not merely for weal or woe, bat for actual
existence, is suspended in the balance. A
conflict rages, baffling the powers of descrip
tion. Our icvader has collected his strength
in full force in one concentrated effort to
crush us. Day after day his cohorts, numer
ous and renewed, ftimulated by promise? of
plunder and maddened by intoxicating drink,
ar hurled in slid mass upon our lines, which
alone stand between us and the rushing flood.
NeVer was discipline displayed more perfect.
Never couraga more exalted ; n?ver patriotism
more cnduriDg, never confidence more en
couraging, than have these qualities been ex
hibited by our "soldiers since .the cooimence
ment of this mortal fray.
But hurnlTn nature if mortal and wears out.
Soldiers are made of fl sh and muscle and
sinew and nerve; and these become ex
hausted. The same men cannot labor all
the time. They must have repose. Their
places must be supplied, while they can rest.
Up to this time they have uobly, proud
ly, heroically endured, labored and fought.
Agaiu and again havs we urged 'upon the
authorities the paucity of their numbers.
Constantly have w pruaded, advised,
implored, that out of the useless material
now encumbeting our streets and country,
assistance in their hard duties might be fur
nished to them.
Often have we repeated, that common justice
as well as policy and duty, demanded- that the
local offices shculJ be diminished, and the
hundreds of idle hands, who have enjoyed pro
tection and struck no blow during this war;
and especially the pernicious mischief-makers,
who have aided the enemy; should be compelled
to go and earn some right and tide to the
liberty, which i? to be ours if we succeed, or
become honored by a legitimate association
with our doom, if we fail.
And we have alluded distinctly to many of
these cla-ses, Jthat some persons have taken
ludivinuai oljence, and have withdrawn from
us their pers um1 offices of politeness ; aud some
have even showed us fieir. frowns, and yet
others have ventured (behind our backs) their
threats. What care we for this manifestation
of petty rage ? They pass us as the barking of
curs. We are in the discharge of a high,
I sacred, solemn duty to society and to our coua-
t try. We engage in no personal alluious for
I any thing short of the service and national in-
I lrfi.tc V.i. lliAca or e .11. . wtMnw . . 1 1
periUfrojn YaokeJ.8 iu front7 or their allies on
lUe D8qU ttud Iear.
The n:eu who have done nothing borne
no iucouveniei.ee suffered no hardship
Lof the Home Guard, Milifia Officers, Justices'
of the Peac M iyors and Commissioners of
citits, Constables, nitte hureau men, aud all
the like. We mean to include in our remarks i
i
every man whose place can be supplied here
at home by onei-qually useful, who is disabled
from active service particularly do we mean
to include such men as Ir. Holden, who, by
his teaching, example and legislative action,
produced this war, and plc.Ig d its prosecu
tion, and who has shamefully abandoned his
pledge, aud is now imputing on the State his
seliish pretensions to place, to the disgust
and contempt of respectable and worthy
men who look with amazement on the anoma
ly of this individual strife in the midst of
the national agony ! Of all men iu the Con
federacy, does Mr. W. V. lLdden deserve
a plfce araoog 41 the soldiers and the bjo
neis." Aud now let this Legislature, if it would
abjure past errors and attain to some credit
for ability and worth, rise alwve th. picayune
objects of party, aud ast for th-i country.
Tjf't t fllminili vp:imt!t.i Aj tit fnriiidli
, .. . , ,
Ito the service . every available man. Make
v . , . . . ,
. , , , , . .
- Ja Huaiu lU.'IC uactui ujr going.
make bim go.
And let the two bodies set the example.
Soch tf them as can do mre in the field, let I
them keep out of the canvass this summer,
aad go to the Rapidau ; and by all means take
the straight-out conservative Mr. Holden arid
John, the rascal, as J y calls him, and the
co-owner, now candidate, and the whole gen
try along with them. - In deciding on their
own usefulness, members are suggested to
make the public the judges, and not sit on
their own merits. . .
By all meaus cut down the list of "stay at
homes." IVia legitimate doty will be bMer
than any nonsense on habeas corpus.
Snow fell iu Watauga county on the
&1 inst, and there was frost in Wilkes on the
morniDg cf the 23, Si and 4th.
The Sews.
Up to the hour of writing this notice, (T
o'clock, P. M.) we are without any Press dis
patches from Richmond or Petersburg ; nor did
wc receive yesterday any newspaper from either
of those places. But the streets have been
teeming with rumors of one sort and another,,
most of which are wild and improbable, and un
worthy of being put in print
But in the absence of the much coveted direct
information from the citieo above named, wo
have intelligence from Yankee sources which
admits that Grant bad lost, up to the 12th
instant, twenty-seven thousand men, ten Generals
and been defeated in all hit engagement with Om.
Lee! If the Yankees admit this much, we may
be sure his losses greatly exceed the number
stated, and that he has sustained defeat and dis
aster beyond .computation almost. '"
Advices come i from nearly every quarter,
confirming the news of Banks' surrender, with
his entire army, to Gen. Dick Taylor so we
think this may be regarded as a fixed fact.
-JrVe expect other and most cheering newt from
points whence it is most anxiously looked for,
before going to press. Heaven grant it may be
of victory final and complete to our worn and
scarred veteran troops- God bless them.
P. S. As we amticipated when the above
was written, we are in receipt of the most
glorious news from Gea. Beauregard near
Petersburg, and Irom Gen. Lee's army for
which see: Telegrapbie Head. And we think
we have inklings which justify us in believ
iug that this is but the beginning of the glorious
tidings Wt shall receive of the operations in
Gen. Lee's army within the last few days, as
well as Our armies around Petersburg, Rich
mond and every where else. God be praised
for His mercies and blessings.
Mr, Holdett's Question and Oar Answer
Mr. Holden asks in "The Standard1 of
yesterday, 17 th : Cannot Col. McRae be pre
vailed upon ' to take a bayonet also?" We
answer, yes ; easily. If Mr. Holden will go
with us, a private soldier, to the army of
Beauregard, Lee, or Johnston, we will join
him. He may select the regiment and company,
and we will leave in twenty-four hours after
his acceptance of our proposition.- And we will
give bond and security, to go as near to the
enetnjr&nd stay as long as he does. And Gov.
Vance will furnish enough blockade brandy to
relieve ngainst J4 depression" T?e shall not
need any.
Can Mr. Holden be prevailed on?
The tcvo H u:s"3 of the General Assembly
convened in the Capitol yesterday a quorum
jn both branches being present. The proceed
ings will be found in another column.
" The Governor's llessujo was handed in at
12 'o'clock, and read. It is q lite leughty.
We could not . procure a -copy fur insertion
to daT. We shall probably be able to do so
in time for to-morrow's issue.
We call the public attention to the pieces
of revolutionary history as introduced in the
communication of 44 Washington.'7
If our legislator: are not above learning
from our fathers lessons of wisdom, they will
heed the example and make their ideas of
' peace negotiation " fousistent with good
kpiise and practicality.
For the Confederate.
Peace on the Principles of 1776.
Messrs Editors : We are all in favor of
peace and all in favor at negotiation in the
proper way and at the proper time. We be
lieve that a igoroas prosecution of this war,
so entirely defensive on our part, is the best
inode to open the way fur negotiation and thus
secure the bhssiogs of peace. But as there
seems to be some nmsion oLadms, if not
porvervfon of facts on this subjectrespecially in
regard to" the coarse pursued in, our Revolu
tionary struggle, we commend to the public
the following extract from the reply of the
couliuental Congress to the Commissioners
sent by England to bring about a reconciliation
with the Coh-nies, who hid declared their la
dependence, and had been waging a war for
three years to maintain it. See, Diary of the
Revolution, vol 2. page 63.
1778" -June 17. This day the -Gn-gress
agreed to an answer to the letters and
iriclosurcs so.it to ihem by the Commissioners
lately arrived Philadelphia, to treat of recon
ciliation, of which the following is an extracts
' The acts of the B'rtish Parliament, the com
' mission from your sovereign, and your letter,
' suppose the people of these States to be
" subjecis of the Crown of Great Britain, arud
"arc1 foutided cn the id'-a of dependence,
" which is utterly inadmissible. I am rurthpr
" directed to inform your excellencies, that
" Conertts are inclined to pence, notwith
" standing the unju.-d. claims from which this
war orinted, and the savage manner in
which it hath been conducted. They will
' there fore be ready to enttr upon the con
" sideration of a treaty of peace and com
44 noercc, not inconsistent with treaties already
"subsisting, when the King of Great Britain
44 shall demonstrate a sincere disposition for
' that purpose. The only solid proof of this
" disposition icill be an explicit acknoiolcdge
"ment of the Independence of these States, or
" the withdrawing! of his fleets and armies.'
This reply was drawn by a committee of
the Congre, adopted and signed by the Pres
ident. Smy the, (loyalist or tory) in bis Diary
for July 1st, in noting this decision of the
Congress. says : 'What next? That school
of impudence and ingratitude, the Congress,
eveo refuse to listen to the proposals of the
Commissioners, and say "till the British
fleets and armies be withdrawn, we will not
treat." Clinton oon will bring them to their
senses by hanging the leader higher than
Ha man's topknot and setting the dupes on the
stoniest stools of repentance.
It will be remembered, too, that this deter
mination of Congress was made daring the
gloomiest pericxl of the- Revolution. But they
were unmoved, and finally under Divine Pror-
idence, thron h Fie valoT of our armies and
the endurance of the people, our noble and
patriotic ancestors achieved the Independence
of the United States. Negotiation followed
victory. It went in the rear and not in
front of our armies. There was no spirit of
Submission, but a firm resolve to resUt to the
dej&h, till Libeiy and Independence were
gained and established. History but repeats
itself. What was then, will be again. We
may still have to suffer much sacrifice much
of blood and anguish, treasure and privation
but the end is sure. God will not permit a
right 2oas cause to fail, if we are ' true to our
selves. A glorious triumph awaits our arms '
an honorable peace will follow and we shall
be free. WASHINGTON.
r The following . are the resolutions of Mr.
Wigfall, of Texas, now before the Confed
erate States Senate :
"1. Resolved, That the Congress of the
Confederate States of America has the un
doubted right, during the invasion or rebel
lion, and when the public safety require it,
to nusnend the writ of habeas cor nun. and that.
while so suspended, it is ,not competent for '
any Confederate Judge to discharge from cus
tody any pvrson held under or by virtue of
the Confederate States.
" 2. Resolved, That the State Courts, be
ing established by State authority ian, in no
manner, be affected by Confederate legislation,
aad that, therefore, an act of the -Confederate
Congress suspending the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus does not apply to them, and
in no wise prevents their exercising such ju
risdiction, or issuing such writs as by the
laws of their States they are allowed to exer
cise or issue..
" 3. Resolved, That the State and Confed
erate Governments are separate, distinct and
co-ordinate Governments; that each has its
legislative, executive and judicial departments,
and is a perfect government in itself, and
therefore neither can interfere- in any manner
with the legislative, executive or judicial ac
tion of the other, and that the courts of neith
er can inquire into the legality or illegality of
the arrests of persons in custody under the
authority of the other, or afford such persons
ny relief. , -
" 4. Resolved, That the Constitution of the
Confederate States is, as to the Stateo and be
tween them, a compact, and that each has,
as in all compacts between sovereigns, a per
feet right to declare its true intent and mean
ing, and that the citizens of each State arc
bound by such decision
" 5. Resolved, That as to the citizens of
each State, the Constitution of the Confeder
ate States having been ordained and establish
ed by the same authority as the State C n
stitution, is equally supreme and binding over
them as th:ir Coiitti'ution is, nd that the
Government established by it, to the extent of
its delegated powers, ot which the State ily
is the judge, is as fully empowered to act fwr
them as their btate Uovernment, and that
when it dots so act, their State Government,
having no supremacy over the Confederate
Government, cannot icleaso thetn from their
obligation to obey."
For the Confederate.
mass-Meeting of the " Pharisees."
O.i yesterday at 11 o'clock, a. m.,the Phar
isors, (i e., the "straitest sect,") aftftr six fu
riouv riinjings of the Town lell and a great
deal of drumming; met iu the City Hall, for
the purpose of nominating County Candidates.
There were present some thirty or forty una
dulterated "strait-laced" Pharis es, and them
ass meeting was organized by calliug Isaac
Rowland to the Chair, who requested Colonel j
J. P. H. Buss, Secretary of btate,J to explain
the object of the met ting. Colonel Rusa was
not present, and so business wrs suspended
till he could be sent for. When he appeared,
he led off in a very shrewd electioneering
speech, in which he begored Ms friends not
to Dominate him tor Sheriff, &c.
A committee of wbicu Wyatt Uollomj n
was Chairman, was then appointed to draft
resolutions. (This was a stroke of policy, as
the sequel will show.) The committee re
tired, and "Johu, the rascal," was called on
for a speeeh, who though ha had said iu his
speech at the Court H-ouse the other night,
that he did not consider this his home, and
should, therefore, take no part iu county elec
tions, and when it is well known that. he rode
all the way to Johnsing to vote for Dr. J. T.
Leach for Cotgres, now said he would cheer
fully Sad heartily support the nominees of
this meeting. The privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus " b-dng suspended, John
took occasiou to make a violeut war speech
Too nominations were theo proposed, and
after some parliamentary trickery, the fl-,
lowing persons were nominated : For the Sen
ate, Willie D. Jones ; for the Commons, Green
H. Alford, Calvin J. frogers, and the "lesser" ;
light, alias William R. Richardson, ex clerk
in the Treasury . Department, late ' broker,
niller, commissioner, Treasurer of the.City,
Captain iu the First Regiment of. Home
Guards, and co-owner of the Progress.
The nominations being concluded, the com
mittee on resolutions returned, and reported
the- ever-memorable Court House, Lynn
Aikmu fid ' Runtiufr resolutions. "At this
iunciure Col. Buss, who had retired, ' was
nominated for Sheriff, and a motion made to
bring the candidates in. The lesser light came
forward, took the stand, accepted the nomin
ation aod spread himself. Wyatt then tok
the stand, ani with flashing eyes and vehement
gestures, ami indignation pictured on his couo
tenance,f aid that the committee had been treat
ed with disrespect, , the nominations being
made while they were out and that therefore
they were under no obligations to support the
nominees. Wyatt was opposed to the lesser
light, and it is rumored that the action of the
meeting had left a blank Page on Wy a U's
books. - This of coatee brought the lesser
light to his feet, who in a spirit of great can
dor expressed his willingness to " have it over
again," well-knowing that all but his par
ticular friends had left the Hall. Just here
old man Kinion came to the assistance of the
lesser one, and said that as " he -had been pro
perly vouclted for1 he hoped they would all
swallow the nomination. Wyatt then attempt
ed to rejoin, but was soon snjwed ainderby
Calvin jr., who accepted the nomination, and
who was hammering away to a boat a dozen
old men, whan yonr corrcspoadent left to hear
Got. yance 2 and arrived just in time to hear
the Governor's " wretched j-ke n about " John
the rascal" as ho appear-d in his celebrated
character of letnonade-r d.ar, in a circus, with
hi " here's your nice cool lemonade five
cents a glass 1 " &c.
The Fort Pillow affairRefutation cf
Yankee Slanders.
From Gov. Isham Harris, of Tennessee, m ho
accompanied, and has recentlv reached At
lanta, in return from the expedition of For
rest into West Tennessee, the Confederacy
newspaper obtains the following true version
of the late attack upon Fort PiUow. In view
of the perverted accounts of the- Yankee
papers, this official narrative of the whole pro-,
ceedingwill be found as interesting as it is
necessary to vindicate the truth of history.
Arriving in the vicinity of Fort Pillow, Gen.
Forrest, having previously arranged his plans,
and issued his instructions for the attack
rapidly advanced his lines, and gained, after
a brief, sharp contest, the outer works of the
enemy. Having possessed himself of thi6
position, he threw forward a lineof skirmish
ers in a sort of ravine between the outer
works and the fort, which line was protected
from the Federal sharpshooters by his reserve
line in. the outer-defenses.
lie then sent in a flag of truce to the com
mander of the garrison, demanding the un
conditional surrender of the fort and garrison,
with all the stores and munitions, stating the
advantage of his position, his determination,
to carry the fort, and announciug- that U his
demand was uot complied with, he did not
feel certain that he, himself, would be able to
control his men when they .entered the fort,
after having been forced to take the risks of
assault.
Hearing, after the note ws despatched and
before an answer to it was received, that the
Federals believed the demand for surrender a
ruse de guerre, and that Forrest, in person:, was
not in command of the assailant?4 General
Forrest himself rode up within hailing distance,
announced to the enemy in person that he was
General Forrest, aud vei bally demanded the
surrender.
A reply was sent back, couched in defiant
language, declining to accede to the demand.
The assault was commeneed, and in five
minutes after the bugle sounded tbo cur.rge, the
fort was in possession of our men. Oar ad
vanced skirmishers went over the works pell
melt, all around them, each man lifting his
fellow by the leg, and mounting on the shoulder
of their comrades until the fort was filled with
Coofc-dorates.
Col. Booth, commanding ths garrison, was
the first man killed, and not aa ollicer of the
negro regiment was left alivo
It is true that a few, black and white, threw
down their arms and made signs of surrender
but at the s?.m3 lime the inn on each side
of them siill retained th ir ar.ns in I kept up
a const iiit fir and nhov ot ic.-ist nice. Io
th heat, iiiti and con?r.:io; of a i.e at such
quarters there was n chanee- for discrimina
tion. Jo I. ss thisn tivo iT'li U'Cs after our men
scaled the f-rplar..ide, the fort ws ch ared of
the enemy, the main body of whom fi d to
the ede of the river, leaving the fort colors
still flyiog. At tho river they still kept up
the fire, until the number was fearfully ra
- duv.ee, aud until, as Gtueral Forrest states
himself, ha absolutely sickened to witness the
slaughter. U ordered the firii to cease, and
dispersed Lis staff along the Hues with orders
to that effect. It vs next to imp.f-oiole to
cflvct an immediate cessat? n of th-j firing;
the enemy themselves still fighting. Geueral
Forrest rode up and down the lines ordering
the men to cease firing, a? d finally stopped
the carnage. The survivors of the garrison
were all taken pr?s ners.
Tht maximum aggregate force of the Fed
eral ganisou was 800. About 500 were buried
by Gen. Forrest's men. About fifty of their
wounded were parol! and sent upon gunboats
to Memphis. Two hundred prisoners were
brought away, and among ths number about
80 negroes.
There is not the semblance of a shadow of
truth iu the Federal exaggerations of whole
sale slaughter. The above are substantially
the facts of the capture, coming directly and
officially from the prominent actor in the
bloody drama.
-
The Affair at Kesaea.
A great deal has been said here by Madam
Rumor about the aGV'r at Resaca last Monday,
but it watvery difficult to get at the truth of
it. From a gentleman who was there at the
time we obtain the following particulars.
Monday morning, the enemy, iu what force
our information' could nt learn, npprwaehed
Reaca through Slake Creek Gap, and about
n:on came within three qmrters of a mile of
the village, where they were attacked by the
37th Mhs. infantry, comroonded by Lieut.
Col. Weir. This regiment was flanked right
and left, and lost io killed, wounded and miss
ing. 71 men.
A small force of cavalry was cnt to the rear
of the enemy and captured sixteen of them.
Tho 17th and 20th Alabama regiments en
gaged the enemy about six o'clook iu the af
ternoon aod repulsed them.
The enemy fell back On Monday night , and
on Tuesday morning were pursued by several
regimeuts atd driven from ths Gap, where
they had commenced fortifying. A few pris
o ers were brought in on Tuesday.
Lieut. Gen Hood, Major General Cleburne
and Brig. Gen Reynolds, were at Resaca on J
Tuesday. Geo. Canty commanded the troops
engaged in ths fight on Monday,
The forces that went in pursuit of the ene
my on Tuesday -were under command of Gea.
Ciebnme, wtose presence calld forth a great
deal of enthusiasm among the troops.
The object of the enemy in making a dash
through Suake Creek Gap, was evidently to
destroy the railroad bridge over the Oosta
naula a short tiisunce ' this side of Resaca.
They came within rifle range of the village..
A shot from one of their eharpahootert dot
ing the fight severely wounded a fine becse
standing near tho church there. MlcrUa
Register, 12th.
A communication which appeared in our
paper two or three days since, should hare
had for its signature William F JJcK&ssx,
as written ; and not John F. McKearon, tj
misprinted.
Ihe Orpltoa Kadoimettt read.
The object is to secure a permanent fund
whieh shall be safely invested, mhI the interest
used in anppurt and wlaoation of Orphans.
The fi st claimant upon this Fund are to
be the destitute Orphans of deceased suMivm.
vho have l eu engaged iu the service of the
Confederate States, and, when in tne hp of
time, there all be no longer nuch claimants
then of other Destitute Orphan children!
These Orphans ore , to oUtud, fed 4
tanjrht : the pupils heiug thu prepared, ao
eording to their several capacities, fur d'ff rent
stations of r vpectabilify iu society.
To secure this object, ench donor of $50. rr
more, is a Trustee, aud, iu the u aiiavcuienU
of the fuud, has oue vote for every .r0 cot,
tribute 1 by him. He may also d'e&igatc the
county which is to have the bc-.tfn of his
donation. Thsre arc no Trustees hut the
donors. Thus the fund is preserved from be
coming sectarian or bcctioual.
The Jonn have b.eu incorporated by the
Legislature of North Carolina; the act ma
king substantially the provisions above reci
ted. Ail details have been left until other
donors', and, if possible, donors from all tho
counties, may have a voice in the final direc
tion of the fund. A mero provisional organ
ization obtains, in which every county and
every church from winch donations had
come, era duly. represented.
The whole fund xeeeds $200,000, ami
is invested in real estate and bands. These
investments have bee:i made by the donors
at a called meetiu, or in tho reces., by
gentlemen of well known integrity and finan
cial skiil.
Much of the service having been reudered
gratiu otisly, it may, tertiupa, be fairly said
that never in this country has so large a
fund been collected at so little cost.
Whether an institution shall be founded, as
was the intent of the original donors, or the
iacomo of the fund be divided amoug tho exist
ing Litenry Institutions of the country, u
Question to be hereafter determined by (lot
donors. It may be proiar to nny that the Grand
Lidge of Free Masons in N. C, has tendered to
tha Fund the real estate of St. John's College,
Oxford, embracing an excellent buili;n;r ro1
twcity-four acres of land, ou condition th the
Fund shall liquidate the College debt ot $'1,000
or $7,K)0 and shnil take a proportionate number
cf Orphans of Masons aiuuog its bencfictarie.
There having boen no meeting of the donors
since the tender of the Oi aud Lodg, no nctiori
has ben hid in regard to this handsome otter.
Let every ran who has stayed at home cou
sider what bis duty i toward- tho children of
those who Lave died in defence of our families
aud pr pert;-, aud who hare left nothing for
their children, mid jtift what wo think those
men should do for us if our cases were reversed,
let u do for them.
As tnifh of my time as can praciicib'y le
so rn! yv. is npnt in canvnsnnj the S a'a
in b.Mi ilf f this utr:rVe declared by
distint'iihed citizen of S 'tith Cato i a to bo
the no led uMlct takiog since the war h .'nn
I caiin .t r ai h eveiy man. Lot the Ui. ai.d
gof-d a A t h n i abte send methtir cotuiho
tions bv safo hands, or by express, and tiny
shall bo property acknowledged. Sond nionrV
or bote's or your own personal obligation,
made payable at any date y i choone, with
interest from 1st January 18til. Tho arnnial
interest i all that U needed.
Certificates of bonds can ba tr.it)-fcried.
Make 1 1. em payable to Jno. U.- Williams',
Treasurer of the N. C. Orphan K.idowiu tit
Fund. L"t them then bo sent to mc. Afy
aotireos is Raleigh, N. C.
CHAR CBS F. DKKMS
May, 1864. Financial Secretary.
A ctarospoudent furnishes the Mobile Ad
virtiwo vith the following bit of tomance:
" Y wr toWDSWoman, Mis Evatjs, having
finished Mncnria," and given tho world r,d
ret-l of mankind another proof of her theolog
ical learning, might fin 1 the ground work for a
real loVe etury (itawitchingly captivating) by
corainc so our city just uow. There arrived
here a day or two since a most fascinating
Georgii damsel, under tho Vpecfnl care of her
patern Purient. Thu lady looked as if tho
had re eived a season ticket to attend fun
erals, or, was about to part with her lat
frien 1. Gloom and s nines slmAided her like
the thick tniots that Ofeiau rolls around' his
heroes when they shako their shaggy locks
and rush in fury upon each others pars. It
was soon known that she was flying by order
of the. aforesaid cruel Parient from the arms
of a faithful lover to whom she was mo t do ,
You?ed!y atta'lied. The night after herarrival,
so grcfct was her .nenUl suffering she wa tak
en seriously il!f becamo delirious, and talked'
and raved most piteously about her absent"
h.ver. Her father became alarmed. A phy
sican was sent for, and all his skill called int
requisition to calm the troubled spirit of the
distressed fair one. Prescriptions were duly
made and administered arid as the Phywcian
tf tired he met a messenger requiring his at ten- '
dance on a young get.tleorau suddenly attack
ed with hemorrhage of the lung. To Doctor
hastened to hi? new patient and found him in
a very critical state. After a protracted viit
he succeeded iu arresting the hemorrhage, and, '
upon ioquiry found Ins patient bad jut ar
rived from Georgia. It was ubequeutly as
certain4! that he was the lover of th delirious
young lady, and having found out the road hit
lady love had been taken by her lather, ' he
promptly followed on and arrived, accidental
tyr at the same tcighborhood where they were'
itjouroiog. There, hearing her illness and ,
delirium, he became so affected as to brinjr ' r '
the attack referred to. The kins' heat bid Phy
sician hiving both the patient trader bis cart, '
sooght the stern father, and let" him knew rhat
the Uvea of the loring :coupb were to his
bands, aod if he 613 not withdraw hbofcjjc
ttca to their vnton end happiaese, he (ca
XJoctor cocin not bs tTSfTCrakle for Ca eon
Sueoces. ; Under these drcuraciss, il "
C?otleman, looking hU and vizr ' '
iageghler, softened tloni.aiid told her if '
aha. would live t& coma to ksr senses, he J '
voctd no longer oppose her csnlage. Where
Qpan the clouds dUpersed, and the sunlight tf
. peace, ami Joy once more ilfumined the sad
lace, and as oof informant said, "be never saw
two soch happy people!" There! if Miss
Evans can't take these plain, unvarnished
facts and tuake a pretty romance out of them,
why she has less genius than wo give her
credit for.