Tht Bailroad in Natchitochw.
W« publish below an editorial
from the P eople's Vindicator pub
lished in Natchitoches on the propo
sition of F. W. Kellogg and Colonel
Artbnr Edwards to the town and
p^ p«h of Natchitoches. Why didn't
Colonel Edwards oome here ? Did
thai little matter of about $13,000
doe our poor people have anything
to do with it ?
Give it to them Vindicator, your
heed is level on the rail road ques
tion. Our word is as good as theirs.
Let them trust as instead of our
frosting them.
Colonels Edwarda and Kellosre visited
«or town iMt week, end submitted.a prop
osition to n meeting of the eitizens, which
will be found in another colomn. At pres
ent we have not fully settled in onr tnind
the question of the donations asked. We
are io favor of a rail road, bat nre not ex
actly ready to favor the donation part of
the business.
That our people should fully understand
t&e matter, we give them a few figures
whieb ihow that the cry of only $300.000
is set exactly the whole amount we are
called npon to donate. It is, nt all events,
beat we should understand and know fully
what we are doing, and what wo are to
pay in this matter.
The rail road company ask from I lie par
iah in 20 year bonds, bearing 7 per cent
interest $200.000.
7 per cent interest for 20 years
on that amount would be...; $ 280.000
The city is nsked to donate. .. 100.000
Interest for 20 y 'rs at 7 percent 140.000
Collectors commissions to as
sets and collect, the whole am't 108.000
§828,000
Making n total of eicht hnndaod a d
twenty-eight thousand dollars for a three
hundred thousand dollar donation—a small
amount to go in on, but a big one to
«orne oat.
But at the same time the incalulable
benefit darived from the Railroad, must
not be loet sight of—the population—the
wealth that would flow into the Parish.
We will refer to the mailer again next
week, and in the meantime we demand that
this Railroad question shall not bo made
an issue for the acceptance or resignation
of the Po ice Jury— there is plenty of
' time and oar assurances ot the managers
who hare*asked us for this donation, that
we. will give the amount, is as amply suffi
cient ae theirs of building the road—aim
ply a question of honor, and wo consider,
oars as good as theirs. !
The State Register on Offices in La,
We pnhlish an editorial from the Louis
iana State Register, a republican paper,
which coming from the source it does, en
titles its Editor to praise for bis honesty
and credit for his boldness. We accord
bim a full measure of both.
" Offices in Louisiana, under the present
management, have become as much arti
cles of trade as cotton bales. The Cover
nor of the State does not, hesitate to place
them "where they will do most, good" to
bimself or friends, or to further some
«eherne of plunder or fraud in which his
favorites, if not himself, are interested.
Laws passed by the Legislature and v. ill
bo approved by the Governor, whoso
avowed object is to carry the elections
»gainst the majority. Tho Governor has
nou> in hin pocket, a bill that he intend s to
»ign before the next election, giving him more
absolute control over the eUetions, ainl the
will of the people, than in possessed by the
most absolute monarch on the globe. I nder |
this law, offices will be given to favorites, |
_i. i. iiiedir
whether they aro elected or not
ty work of the party will be paid for with
offices, that honestly belong to other and
better people. When the majority of tl.e
voters are democrats, this law is to fur
nish the leg;U means to place the candi
dates of the minority in power. This sys
tem of legalized frauds is keeping the
State in continual;"' turmoil. Can the
white league be considered as entirely
without excusa in its illegal and révolu
tienary action, and threatening to carry
tlie next election by force 1 Where is the
difference, in carrying an election by
driving voters away from the polls or by
a system of legalized swindling, cheating
and -misrepresentation, under the alleged
protection of law, as is proposed in tho
coming election 1 If this traffic in offices,
this defying the rights of the majority,
and this legalizing of frauds is to be con
tinued, the entire army of tho United
States will he required to keep the peace,
is this State The republicans must be
honest themselves, before they can censure
others for rascality. They must measure
out honest jnstice to political opponents,
before they can themselves claim immuni
ty from violence or abuse ; aud an honest
economical government must give place
to tbe present one, before prosperity and
peaco can come to tbe State.—[La." Slate
Register.
XT The State Register comes to our as
sistance on the Railrokd question. Than
kee. Sir! »
The Caucasian occnpies considerable
type in its last issue, concerning some
Railroad adventurer, who has visited Iîa
fides, and asks the parish to donate three
undred thousand dollars in bouds to some
rail road, that somebody proposes to
bnild. There is moro brass about some of
these Northern rail road bummers, than
would start a dozen lightning rod peddlers
in business. They seem to think that as
the South has no rail roads, the people
ought to furnish the money to build them
»nd give it to these adventurers. The
Caucarian is right in opposing the dona
tion so modestly asked for. When Ra
pides is able to build a rail road, let the
paiish owu it, if it furnishes tho money.—
La. State Register.
Ö* A Kalamazoo judge went to a
neighboring town to see a man, and
telegraphed back to his wife : "Have
found Garland ; won't be home lor a
week." When the dispatch reached
her it read: "Have found girl—aud
won't be home fur a week. ' Jfore
let us draw a veil.
that this State has been given up to spoil
[ation and plunder, by a hoide of barbarous
ne g r e8) incited and led on by the worst
white men that evor imposed themselves
upon any civilized country, and
A CARD.
L atasikb, J clt 23d, 1874'.
Editor Caucasian :
P bab S ib Tlio indignatiA of every
human and manly breast, in this commu
nity, has been aroused at the cowardly
and inhuman assassination of Dennis Sul
livan, on last Saturday evening. Wç, do
not know the author, or authors, of this
horrible outrage ; nor do we stop to ask
who this uiao Sullivan was, or is. We
know that ho was a human being, "created
after Uod'a own image," and imbued with
the bnath of a life which no mortal had a
right to take from him, except in a case of
utter, and absolute self-defense. Whether
such a right existed to any one we
know not.
From statements made by the murdered
man's wife, and others, the universal fin
ger of suspicion, points with burning
shame, in but one direction! A negro
(Silas Chapman, by name, we believe,) is
said tu be the brutal instrument which
discharged the fatal shot, that threw Den
nis Sullivan's body, a lifeless corpse upon
the gronnd, at his own gate, within a few
feet of his own door. We do not wish,
nor do we intend, to forestall the action
of justice in this matter, but we call aloud,"
upon the legal authorities to investigate
this murder thoroughly, to sift ont this
crime to its very bottom ! And if pessi
blc, to bring to punishment the guilty.
J L. CORNELL-i,
H. M. ROGERS,
N. WB1TK,
D. A. SMITH.
Resolutions of a Mass Meeting held in
"Winn Parish.
Pursuant to a previous call the citizens
of Ward Six of VVinn Parish and vicinity,
met at Wheeling on Saturday July 18th
for the purpose of permanently organizing
a Whito Man 's Party, Wiley J. Wilson,
was chosen President, and Messrs. An
drew J. Babers and Daniel II. Shumate
Vice Presidents, Jos. W. Dyson, Sec't.
The Committee composed of Hon. Will
A. Strong. Mo^srs. Callam and P. F. Shu
mate appointed to draft resolutions, re
ported the following preamble and resolu
tions.
W hereas —The state of affairs prevail
ing in Louisiana for the past six yearä
having convinced all unprejudiced men.
Whereas —That by theii wholesale and
rapacious robbery, ourpcoplo have been re
duced to wretchedness and despair aud the
State bronght to shame ; and
Whereas —Already many of our people
male and female, havo been atrociously
murdered and outraged by them; and that
there is now no longer security for life or
property, that masses of negroes ate anima
ted by en Implies do and deadly hatred of
tho whole white race, and aro now otgan
izingwith hostile attitude and déàigu to
perpetrate their nicked power in this State,
aud
Whereas —All things point unmistaka
bly to the appalling fact that efforts aro be
insj made to Africanize the beautiful and
once magnificent State of Louisiana, to
confiscate tho property and compel! the
civilized and christian white people to
abandon the State, or live under the rule
of the black and inferior rac-?. Therefore
be it
K esoi.ved —That it is the solemn and
stern duty of all white men, in this State
to unite into one firm, compact o ganiza
tion, to protect the lives, the honor and
the property of our people,
Kesoi.ved —That we accept without fur
ther hesitation, the issue of race forced up
on us by the insolent and barbarous Afri
cans, and that we believe a perpetration of
his power would utterly destroy this State,
as it has every other country in which he
has held sway.
Resolved —That the issue of race bei ne
forced upon us, we believe that alone will
successfully unite all the white people, high
and low, rich and poor, throughout the
Stata.
Resolved —That it was the intention of
the founders of this Government that this
should be a White Man's Government and
a* far as our efforts go, it shall be.
Resolved —That wo deeply sympathise
with the oppressed people of Natchitoches
parish, in their efforts to relieve themselves
from the appalling taxes illegally imposed
upon them, and the ofiiciui corruption
that has gone go long unpunished in their
midst, and we assure our friends that we
are not idle specta or« of the noble struggle.
Resolved —That wt return our heart
felt thanks to the three able and distin
guished members of the Bar of New Or
leans, Messrs. R. U. Marr, E. J. Ellis aud
W. R. Whit taker, for the distinguished
services rendered in the defence of our
friends and fellow-citizens, the Grant Par
ish Prieoners— ut a sacrifice of almost
their entire private business, without pro
mise, hope or desire of pecuniary compen
sation.
Resolved —Tiiat wa recognize in Justice
Bradly a true man, au able jurist and an
uncorruptible Judge.
Resolved —That wo regard the Shreve
port Times, Natchitoches Vindicator, Al
exandria Caucasian und New Orleans Bul
letin, as at>la exponents of our painciples,
contending for the white people'« rights
and we cordially commeod them to the
white people for support, and we her«èy
desire to express our indignation at recent
outrage perpetrated upon a free press, by
the ring ofdesperate politicians who sought
the suppression and ruin of the New .Or
leans Bulletin.
Rfsolved —That a copy of these resolu
tions be sent to the Shreveport Times,
Natchitoches Vindicator, Alexandria Cau
casian and New Orleans Bulletin.
On motiou the meeting adjourned to
meet again on Saturday the 1st day o£ Au
gust 1874, at 3 P. M., at Mount Zion
Church, oQ the Montgomery aud Winn
field read.
ANHRKIV J. HABERS, Vice Pre'st
•'os. W. l >YS9.v. Secretary
" j
The Attitude of the Parishes.
We copy from the Picayune our
article on the "Attitude of the Par
ishes." The Pic has stated the ques
tion plainly and truthfully, and the
sooner the New Orleans Democracy,
consider the question and rectify the
error made, the better, for the people
of the country will not unite with
them, as matters now stand.
Tbe qncstion for New Orleans politicians
to consider now, appears to be something
like this: Can we save Louisiana witbont
the co-operation of the parishes, .or shall
we concede a little to theni and their
plainly expressed desires ? It has come to
this. There is no room for doubt that tbe
city and the country are, under existing
circumstances, utterly at variance with
each other, Aud the eity must saddlejts
scheme of operations with the problem
bare set forth.
We have watched tbe movements of the
parishes very closely from the first,*and
tbe result which has at last revealed it
self is only what might have reasonably
been expected. Had tho name of the Dem
ocratic party rctaiued its ancient magic
and the influence of its leaders kept its
former strength ; had it been possible to
to mass onr armies by tho Democratic call,
and lead them to battlo under the Demo
cratic banner ; the White Leagues would
n vcr have been formed. That organiza
tion, inconsiderable hero, perhaps, but
stern aud powerful and resolute through
out the country, is the practical expression
of the people's discontent and distrust. It
has sprung up from tho ashes—not of the
party, perhaps, but of its follies and its
failures^) it demands another system of
control, a wiser theory ot action. And the
logic of events hasobronglit about this
question which, as we have already said,
the politicians of New Orleans must now
consider.
The parishes demand a hearing in the
councils of Louisiana, aud their demand
has so far assumed the following shape :
J. Wo want aConvontiou to assemble
ontsidoofNew Orleans.
2. We want that Convention to be limi
ted in numbers, so that its personnel may
be select.
3. We want the country to enjoy an op
portunity of making itself heard.
4 We want the name and the poiicy of
the white man's party for tho present cam
paign to be decided by tho Convention
th ua assembled.
Iu other words—let those words seem
harsh and ungrateful if need be—tho par
islies aro not willing to accept any plat
form in whoso construction they have had
no part; they decline to adopt any leader
ship as to which they have not been con
sulted ; tliey have lost confidence in the
New Orleans Democracy as now represent
ed, and, to use a popular vulgarism, they
want an'entirely new deal all around. In
stead ofa convention called aud controlled
by the Democracy, they ask for a conven
tion which shall decide whether the Dem
ocracy is to be an important or unimpor
tant adjunct of the common scheme. In
stead of going as recinits to the Democrat
ic nucleus, tliey propose to meet as inde
pendent equals tbe recruits of other armies
ami in council with them confer the name
and shape the policy of tho conflict.
There must be no foregone conclusions, no
cut and dried plans ; the campaign must
take its rise under their auspices, and tbe
cause of all the people go forth with the
people's direct and legitimate benediction.
It were *io most unpardonable folly to
ignore alj this. No one who views tbe
situation in a foens one whit larger than
will hold his own ward club, can fail to
recognize the imminence and the solemni
ty of tho errais. Tho Democratic address
has evoked no response beyond the limits
of the city. The utterances of tho conn
try press and people plainly indicate that
it will not, cannot evoke one. With one
hundred thousand whito voters professing
to cherish the satno desire ; with a people
reduced to such straits of poverty and dis
couragement that material relief has
loomed into a grim and awful necessity;
with hearts that beat in solemn nnison,
and hands that ask nothing but to be di
rected honestly and loyally ; with the su
preme moment of our destiny arrived, and
tho perfection of our ruin awaiting us
beyond, we find ourselves dismembered
aud dissevered—void of that identity of
purpose and concentration of endeavor
without which no benefit can be attained,
no step toward the light achieved. As
matters stand, there is a widening breach
between those who should be shoulder to
shoulder in tho line. Something blinds
us, something dims the truth, and folly
breaks our efforts into fruitless parallels.
Wo are bowling briskly along that well
worn road which passes through the do
main of dissension, and has its inevitable
termiuus in defeat. We have traveled it
before, we recognize its ancient and fa
miliar landmarks, and tho foretaste of the
end salutes us as we go.
This question of tho parishes is beforo
yon, gentlemen.
RIVEB, WEATHER AND CROPS.
Oscillation—39.0G.
te . Above Low Below High
Water '72. Water J86G.
July 18. 11.80
19. 11.80
20. 11.70
21. 11.50
22. 11.30
23. 11.00
24. 10.70
27.26
27.26
27 36
27.5G
27.76
28.06
28.36
Clear & Warm
Cl'dy & warm
Tho river at this point since onr last, re
port, has fallen thirteen inches, and from
present indications navigation will soon
become troublesome. Our Shroveport
boats have been delivering freight here at
half card rates, but for tho past week have
refused to take anythiug for this place and
way landings, for less than card rates
through. They are carrying freight to
Shreveport for quarter off card.
The weather is favorable for tho grow
ing crops, and reports from every portion
of our parish are cheering, Bolls of cot
ton are opening with rapidity ; bnt that
first bale of ne»- cott-on I:rve not come to
Uxrn VPt
SECOND GRAND FAIR
-OF THE—
Rapides Agricultural Fair Association!
-AT THE
—NEAR—
Alexandria, Louisiana,
OCTOBER 19th, 20th, 21st and 22<i, 1874.
LIBERAL PREMIUMS
Are offered for all Agricultural Products, Mechanical and Agricultural
Implements, Cattle. Horses, Sheep and all Domestie Ani
mals, and for all kinds and varieties of Fancy
aud Useful Handiwork.
Jk CXTXUXP8 PRIZE I
©
Of a SILVER CUP, for tho best Ploughman.—Match to take place
on the Fair Grounds, under the direction of the Association.
RACES ! I
REMUNERATIVE PURSES
Are offered tor races upon each ot the Four Days of the Fair. Ample
arrangements are made lor the keepiug of horses from
abroad. All races to be run under the rules
and regulations of the Louisiana
JOCKEY CLUB.
—A GRAND
TDTT-P.-KT A TUrm-NpT
Upon tho last day of the Fair. THREE RINGS, and one tilt only,
First Prize $100—Entrance $10—$50 to 1st, $25 to second
aud $25 for the fastest time.
A «RA m LOTTERY!
For the Relief of the RAPIDES FAIR ASSOCIATION.
AUTHORIZED BY THE LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY COMPANY,
Will be drpwn in tlio Arena in front of the Grand Stand, on tbe last
day of the Fair, wlion a Grand Distribution of
838 Prizes—Capital Prize $500,
Amounting to 5,920 DOLLARS,
WILL TAKE PLACE UNDER THE FOLLOWING SCHEME.
One Prize of Five Hundred Dollars $ 500 CO
Twenty Prizes, One Hundred Dollars Bond each, secured by first mortgage
on improved property of the Fair Grounds, bearing eight per cent, per
annum interest, payable semi-annually at the office of the Treasurer
at Alexandria 2000 00
Ten Prizes, Fifty Dollars Bond cacli, (same as above) 500 00
Fifty Prizes, of Two Shares each, of the Capital Stock of the Rapides Fair
Association, payable $5 00 eaeh 500 00
One Hundred Prizes of Ono Share each, fsatne an above) 500 00
Ono Prize Grand Sonare Piano, (best make) 500 00
One Prize Breech-Loading, double barrel Shot Gun, latest improved—
Parker & Bro 1 100 00
1 Prize, Ladies' Gold Watch 100 00
1 " Howe's Sewing Machine 75 00
1 " Singer & Co., Sewing Machiue 75 00
1 " Charter Oak Cooking Stove 60 00
1 " Buck Brilliant Cooking Stove 60 00
Fifty Prizes Five Dollars each 250 00
One Hundred Prizes Two Dollars each 200 00
Five Hundred Prizes one Dollar each . 500 00
838 Prizes - c $5,920 00
TICKETS, 75 CENTS,
•
entitling tbe holder to one admission to tho Fair, aud a clianco in the Grand Lot
tery. In larger amounts, Twcuty Tickets will be sol«! fur $12,00. Fifty Tickets,
for' $25,00.
Persons holding numbered coupons have the same chance of winning a prize in
the Lottery, as those who use their tickets for admission to the Fair.
The Directors of the Association in consequence of the impoverished condition of
our people and the general stringency of the times, find themselves unable to obtain
from the ordinary methods of raising funds—means sufficient and necessary to place
this institution upon a solid and permanent basis—one that will enable tlutin to
increase its sphere of usefulness and attractiveness to all classes of the public.
To accomplish the following desirable ends: 1st. The extinguishment of all debts
■which may now be due by the Association. 2nd. The erection of suitable buildings
for the Mechanical and Agricultuaal products exhibited, and for the protection of
stock—the Directors have adopted the foregoing plan, which seems to tlicm the only
feasibleand practical way of raisingthe necessary funds. In proposing this scheme the
Directors do not disguise from themselves the difficulties which must attend its
execution ; but reposing their confidence in the wortliioess of their aims, tliey ap
peal to the sympathy and pride of the citizens, especiallyof this and our sister par
ishes, and to every public spirited Louisiauiah, to come for.ward p,nd aid an enter
prise, whiclijso'iks only to bnild up and develop the resources of our beloved State.
The object of the Association is to create a renewed interest among all classes of
onr citizens in onr coming Fair, and at the same time, by offering large inducements,
to stimulate the sale of its tickets to an extent that will enable it to realize an
amount adequate to its pressing wants. The plan of Tho Association is to'issno 20,
000 tickets at seventy-five cents a ticket—the price of admission to the Fair, with a
coupon attached bearing a number: the said ticket entitling the holder to one ad
mission to the Fair, the coupon being retained by himßtjf
On the last day of the Fair, numbers corresponding with the number of tickets
issued, will be placed in a wheel, and all of the prizes in another, wlif.n, tbe Grand
Drawing will take place under the supervision of the following well-kuowu. gen
tlemen :
Gov. T. O Moore, Judge T. C. Manning, Dr. G. E. French, Dr. T. H. Maddox,
Dr. Jiio. C'aesou, Dr. H. St Job o, T. II J UoMes, Judge O Eailiio,
Gen- M Weils. D C Pan!. A Ü C-Deau.
New ADVERTISEM ENTS
Call for a Mass Meeting!
BY VIRTUE of the âutîferi|jr vested
ip we a» Chairman of the- Execu
tive Committee of thJa Pariah* 'and in
obedience to à resolution - adopted at
thejjate meeting 6f tlio Democratic
State Central Coonuittee, I do hereby
invito and earnestly, solicit the atten
tion of all "Conservative voters iu the
Pariah of Rapides, without reference
to past political affiliation«" to partici
pate in a Maas meeting in the COURT
HOUSE, in. the/"town of Alexandria,
at 12 o'clock My ot the .
15th day of A IT 6. U S T,
next—for tfce purpose of appointing
delegates to represent tliife "Parish, in
the State Convention to Meet fa New
Orleans, on the 4th Monday of Augnst.
And also to designate the mode and
time of nominating candidates for tlie
Legislature and local offices. The on
ly issue before the people in .the ap
proaching canvass, is opposition to
Radicalism, ami the proposition prps
ented, is fora Unjon of all the elements
of opposition to the present State gqy
ernment. R. A. HUNTER,
Chairman Democratic Parish Execu
tive Committee.
3^ÛûPSE\STÎËBLÏ)
NELS. TAYLOR,—Proprietor.
Comer 3d is, DeSOTO £t«.,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
Carriages, Buggies and Horses
to Let.
HOUSES KEPT BT DAT, WEEK OR MONTH.
The Stable is the largest and most com
fortable in the Stato.
Particular attention paid to Horses loft oa
keep, or for SALE.
To DROVERS!
Splendid Mule Pens—Will
rent Stalls by day or
week for Horses,
Horses, Carriages, Buggies aud
Harness,
Always on hand and for SALE.
July 25tb, 1874.
WEEgLYSATUBDAYPASm
For GRAND ECOlîE, Montgome
ry, Alexandria, Fine ville,
Norman's Barbin's,
? Foft DeKussy.
„AND
ALL WAY LANDINGS,
The Al Magnificent and Fast Ran
ning Passenger Steamer
S-ô. BUSTES,
DICK SINNOT, Master.
G. C. HAMILTON, Clerk.
%
LEAVES New Orleans every
Saturday at 5 P. M. Returning—
leaves Grand Ecore every Tuesday
evening, and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 M.
For Freight or Passage
APPLY ON BOARD.
April 11, 1874-tf.
Fresh Turnip Seed !
CROP OF 1874.
JUST RECEIYED—A SUPPLY OF
FOR SALE BY—
HENRY st. jonur.
NOTICE !
PROPOSALS for putting up the fonce
around the Tiuevillo Cemetery^ aro
solicited. Tho fence to be n picket
fence. Bids to be for bo much a pau
iiel. Specifications are to be seen, anil
bids received sit the office of R. A. Huij
ter, Attoruew at Law—Front Street.
Open nutil Wednesday 22d.
R. C. HYNSON,
Chairman Commit ten.
• WANTED !
A WHITE GIUL, notover fourteen
years of age, to nurse. A neat
tidy girl can obtain a permanent
situation by addressing " A dver
tise »" or applying ii> person at
this OFFICE.
June 27th, t-t.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE
ONLY #3.00 Per Arnimo.