CARRIER'S ADDRESS
TO THE
-OF THE
4
nil
fàP TTT
JAHÜMY i, iSM, ,
Seventy-fonr is dead. All li.iil to Seventy five !
Tho old year is pone, its duties done, its hopes fled,
Its opportunities ara past, its memories alone survive.
We count ; lhe old year with the departed, we welcome the new year
initatfttead. . * .
A waif upon Time's cheerless shores,
I eoine to bi«l you be of good cheer.
A "little devil 7 only, not versed in learned lores,
I give yon my simple greeting, A happy new year !
'Tis the first time I have ever handed yon my address,
For our paper is new born and counts from the year just past,
Its mission is to champion the people's cause, their wrougs to redress,
For the people it battles, with the people it's fortunes are cast.
I 'm the "devil" you know puny and small
And lying in bed shot in the knee
My friend whose gun by accident lodged the ball
Will bawd you this and carry it around tor me.
We have had kind friends to encourage us on our way,
And we hold all of them to our .memory dear,
They have cheered our toil, and been ever ready to pay
And now we wish them and theirs a happy new year !
I am going to tell yon who they are
That with them your patronage you may si «Ère.
There's Ferguson & Schnack : with jewelry and toys,
Handsome presents for girls and suitable things lor boys.
And then Levin has groceries and candies nice,
C.akes, Wines and Fancy things of every kind and device.
•Dr. St. John sells books and cutlery fine
And the very best of everything in his line.
IÎAER & M ann keep a full and excellent stock
And are to be found at Heyman's old block.
M. Paul, Jr., & Co., are doing a smashing trade
And have good»«of every complexion and shade.
Moses Rosenthal has a neat and tidy store
Is honest) .with the rich and generous with the poor.
Mrs . SARAn Mayer sells the best of goods cheap
And has Moses and Harry the store lor her to keep.
Mbs. Hethe RWICK keeps every thing you can want
Aud has Mr. B. C. Duke for her worthy adjutant.
Jonas Weil is honett and true and his goods are cheap and new
He is smiling aud pleasant and both he and his goods will please you.
John Weil comes next aud can't be sur past
In selling cheap goods warranted to last.
Mrs. E. Sohmalinski has clothing and dry goods only,
Mr. S. is thero and never has time to be lonely.
.Ionas Rosenthal keeps on Second Street
His goods are A 24o 1 aud can't be beat. ©
Sol Hess keeps the Excelsior Saloon and Billiard Room
He keeps good liquors and has a private Room.
Billy Htjstmyre on the corner above
Has everything from a cask of bacon to a lady's glove.
The Exchange Hotel is the best to be found
And under Mr. Joe Fellöws the tabje with good things abound.
F els Taylor has horses and hac%s for keep and hire
Hishack8 and buggies are line, his horses never tire.
Henry Heyman is in tho suburbs of the town
But he can sell you a whole stock or a lady's gown.
The Excelsior Stable is kept by Colonel McGiunis
Iiis turnouts are elegant, and all well finished.
P. II. Oswald has moved his store to Front street
You will tiud it both attractive and neat.
Dan. Geiir keeps Groceries, Cigars, Tobacco and Wine
All his goods are fresh and really line.
Hardtner & ForEnan both make boots and shoes
And between theui you are free to choose. ^
V inegar B itters are just the thing to take
For indigestion, as a tonic and for Headache.
T hompson "teaches tho young idea how to shoot''
And is a capital fellow to boot.
Mr Oscar CnoriN is a Merchant and Cotton Factor
To bo found at 05 Carondelet Street, New Orleans.
1). M. Hollingsworth has his Carriage Repository
At 1G7 Gravier Street, Crescent City.
Waters, Barron and Yeagkr keep each a saw mill
And furnish lumber by the bill.
The Seminole, Ditrfee and Garry Owen are our packet lino
With freight aud passenger accommodations extra fine.
These all tho printers pay and patronize
Buy from the men who pay ami advertise.
B. P. ABAT,
COTTON FACTOR
• ij n
, fx i • tr
General Commission Mer
cll'lllt
_ T
' Carondelet Street, I\. O.
CASH Advanckd on Consignments.
ORDERS FILLED WIT1I CARE.
Sales ant! KeiuKtances made
Promptly an Ordered.
X3?AVIXCr HAD LONG EXPERIENCE
tJEJ*») in the business, I solicit your pa
tronage, confident of afibrdiug satisfaction
to my friends.
HEFEUENCES :
L. F. GENERES. Esq ., of firm of Abat
& Generes—President Louisiana
Saving's Institution.
COL. D. Ii. PENN, of New Orleans.
THOS. M. SIMMONS, New Orleans.
!)• J. JANUARY, & Co.jfcSt. Louis Mo.
STRAYED ST<>LK\!
A RAY HORSE, ABOUT FIFTEEN
hands high—six years old, and per
fectly gentle—shoes on three feet. A
liberal reward «ill be paid, if returned
to me at Alesaudria.
Jttu. 1st U-t. JAS. T, FLINT. ^
I A Makrikd Max .—A married man,
) hearing that the eating of certain kinds
of animal food would aid the tissues of J
^jtlie human body—us, for instance, |
calves'brains would norisli tho eater's
| brains, or beef liver the eater's liver— |
I immediately gave strict orders to his
! butcher that no more tongue should be
; so | t i ( () i,j s w jf e or mother-in-law.
OP We hear the name of Mr. Mo
ses Rosenthal mentioned for Coun
cilman from this (3d) Ward. Mose
will make a most worthy represen
tative, and the good people of this
ward can not do better than to
elect, him.
Wanted ! Wanted : !
SITUATION AS MANAGER ON A
Cotton 1' autation—understands
keeping plantation Hooks. I have a dis
position to get along with a Freedtnan. I
can take 4 or 5 good hands on the place—
able to give good reference. Apply to B.
0 Duke . II. WEÉMS.
Dec 2li 3t"
W. F. BLACK MAN,
1TTORYEY AT L1W,
ALEXANDRIA, LA.
Communicated.
Alexanerta, La.,
Deecmber, 31st 1874.
Mr. Editor.
As » colored man of tho Parish of
Rapides, 1 desire to say to the whole peo
ple of this State, that at the last election
I was one of tho commissioners of election
at Iîayou Rapides Precinct, and the elec
tion was a fair, peaceable, and quiet elec
tion. The colored people were not inter
fered with, and no intimidation of any
kind used. A largo number voted ''the
peoples t icket from choice, as they had
lost confidence in the'Republican leadets
Tho People« party pledged itself to good
laws, equal justice and protection for the
colored race, and a largo number, trusted
those promises nnd as one I do not re
gret it. The people's party succeeded
fairly and justly, and the conduct of the
Republican Returning Board and the
leaders of the party that support it in its
fraudulent returns, but shows conclusively,
that tho charges that the white people
have so often made against the dishonesty
and corruption of the Republican leaders
are true. The colorad people as tho great
body of the Republican party are held re
sponsible for tho frauds perpetrated by
the Returning Board, and for one, / wish
to say that I do not in any way conter
nance or uphold" tho fraud, pcrpetated
against tho Parish of Rapides. As a color
ed niau 7 believe that it is not only the
duty but interest of tho colored race, to
wee and have fair play, so that tho rights
of all may bo piotected so lately enfran
chised, it would be not only wrong, but
unwise to counterance any attempt to de"
prive the whyjte people of their right
suffrage. I say to my colored fellow citi
zens that we should meet iu mass meet
ing, aud denounce publically the fraud or
the Returning Hoard and let the whole
world know that the colored raco iu this
parish, are not responsible for its wrongs.
•Since the election colored people who
voted tho Republican ticket have regret
ted it and vow their determination never
to do so again, while on the other hand
not one who voted tho Peoples ticket has
been heard to regret it. None of tho Re
publicans in this parish were elected and
have no right to the offices. They may re
ly upon the ignorance of tho colored race
for their support, but the scales are just
falling from our eyes, and we intend to
act honestly arid fairly and support no
one who will commit a fraud, for fear that
we may bo iu time, the sufferers.
Yours,
L. J. KENNEDY.
Tkue Pietv.—I called at Magrn
der's tlio other morning on my way
dowd town, nnd, as I knew them
well, I entered the side door without
knocking—I was shocked to find Mr.
Magruder prostrate on the floor,
while Mrs. Magruder sat upon his
chest, pulling his hair, bumping his
head on the boards, and scolding
him savagely.
They got up when I catno in ; and
poor Magruder, wiping the blood
from his nose, tried to pretend it was
only a joke. But Mrs. Magruder in
terrupted him.
"Joke? Joke? I should think
not! I was giving him a dressing
down. He wanted to have prayers
before breakfast, and I was deter
mined to have them after ; and as he
threw tho Bible at me and hit Mary
Jane with the hymn book, I soused
down on him. If I cannot rule thi
house, I'll know why. Pick up
them Scriptures, sir, and have pray
ers ! You hear me, Magruder! Its
more trouble rogulatin' the piety of
this family than runnin' a saw mill.
Mary Jane give your pa that hymn
book !"
"Disease is very various," said
Mrs. Partington, as she returned
from the street door in conversation j
with Dr. llolus. " The doctor tells me
that poor old Mrs. Hare has got two
buncles on her lungs ! It is dreadful
to think of, I declare. The disease !
is so various! One day we hear
i ♦ i • e l 'l e -l
people s dying of hermitage of the,
lungs ; another day, of the brown ,
creatures ; hero they tell us of
elementars canal being out of order, I
and there about ton sors of the
throat ; here we hear of neuralogy j
in the head, there of embargo ; on i
ono side of us we hear of men being
i ' ii ,,!!,,,,,.;,,, -, ci. l I
killed by getting a pound of tough
beef in thfe stucophagus, ana here
another kills himself by discovering
his jocular vein. Things change so !
that I declare I don't know how
subscribe for any disease nowadays. I
New names and new nostrils take the j
place of tho old, and I ini"ht as !
well throw my old lu rb bag away." !
Tp ■ cl -le. it l , 1
Fifteen minutes afterward Isaac had
the heib bag for a target, and btoke ;
three squares of glass in the cellar ;
window in trying to hit it before j
the old lady knew what ho was ;
about. She didn't mean exactly |
what she said." I
^ . j
They say that Ben Butler talks j
about rejoining the Democratic party,
;• Wlnle the lamps holds out to burn, j
But it is to bo hoped that the lamp!
which was intended to !'l"IiÄ this vilest i
r>r . ti. n & i- 1 !
of sinners into the Democratic ranks, I
was kicked over, extinguished and i
crushed many years ago, and that the '
only man who can make another like
it '... a i • I i
it itas burned down his shot) and re
1 .
tncd peunanently fiuiu business.—,fanning
[Courier Journal.
MARRIED :
Stafford— Guaham —By the Rev.
Father Aveuard of tho Roman Catho
lic Church, at Tyrone Plantation on
the Bayou Rapides, on Wednesday
30th December 1874, David T. Staf
ford , second son ot the late Geti'l Le
roy Stafford of this Parish, to Amy
Bi .ANCHAitD, only Daughter of Gen'l
George Mason Graham, and his late
wife Mary Eliza WilUinson.
Our thanks are due for an abun
daneo of the usual printers favors.
There was no matter of form in the
good wishes offered by our whole
corps for the happiness of the bride
and groom. We are prond to count
ourselves among the host of the
friends of the happy gentleman
who sincerely rejoice at his good
fortune in securing so estimable
a lady for his bride. Mr. Stafford
is a son of Gen. Leroy Stafford who
fell nobly fighting his country's
battles in Virginia, and is univer
sally admired and respected for his
many sterling qualities and his
generous and noble disposition.
We have not had tho pleasure of a
personal acquaintance with the
bride but we know lier to be pos
sessed of all the charms and graces
of manner that are so attractive in
the fatr sex and we esteem our
frifend David to bo a lucky gentle
man to have drawn so valuable a
prize in the lottery of love. May
n y ? peace and prosperity attend
their married lite !
Daniels—Irving —At the resi
dence of the bride's parents in Al
exandria, on Monday, the 28th inst.,
by tho liev. J. B. Avenard, Mr.
J AMES DANIELS, to Miss JEAN -
NETTE IRVING:
IN. wmrmmi.
Lodge IIat.t., Ciienetvit.le, La.,
December, 18th 1874.
Gordy Lodje No. 133 F & A M hav
ing been convened to pay tho last sad
rights of respect to the remains of
Brother
DAVID MAY CALLIÏIAJÏ,
who departed this Life on tho lGth in
stant iu the Stith year of his age. The
following tribute to his memory was
authorized.
Whereas. It has pleased Almighty
God in his wise providence to call from
earthly labor to the rest which remains
for his people, our worthy Brother,
who for nearly 53 years was a resident
of this Parish and a member of Gordy
Lodjfe since its organization Febry.
1855, was a Master Mason 5i) years,
therefore be it,
J'esolrcd. That Gordy Lodge has
sustained an irreparable loss, in the
death of our esteemed Brother; That
by his death we are reminded that we
must mourn the toss of tho oldest
Pioneer of civilization in this commu
nity, immigrating to this Parish as he
did when it was a vast cane break with
tho canopy of Heaven for a covering
and the earth for its bed, its occupancy
frequently contested by the wild beast
of the forest, he lived to bear testimony
to the transcendental genius of civi
lized man impowered by the will of
God, to the changing of this wilderness
to a comparative Paradise.
It can bo truthfully said of him, lie
had never made an enemy, ho never
met with one whom he had not made a
friend, and navcr lost a friend when
once made, affectionate in disposition,
simple as a child, a line fancy and fine
intellect, jovial and social, but truly
practiced the Masonic virtues of Tem
perance Fortitude Prudence and Jus
tice, and should bo ever remembered
as an excelent example, for tho irnmi
tation of his surviving Brother Masons,
and of the rising generation. We nil
knew Low delicate were his sensibili
ties ho was devoid of meancss and
coarseness, and it was a melancholly
de
lighted with Ina fine touches ot humor
to know |„, wa8 gradually waisting
;i vvay, and that the flashes of his eye
the*were mingled with the same fire that
consuming his life. It is a source of
consolsfthm to us to know that Almigh
ty God has prepared a Ilavcn of rest
f (> r the Good tho Pure and tho Just.
i" 3' e ,J ov< ? m .° ' tee P my command
incuts," and tis our consolation and
h»r believing that our beloved
]{ ro |j ie ,. j 8 resting in Heaven, for he
nevcr sought to violate ono of tho
commandments but s trived to keep
to!sacred Gods holy ordinances to the
end of his days. And as he love the
sacred trust of Tiler to our Lodge for
"early fifteen years faithfully and
f aIou f'- v S ,lî,r,ll " ) « f ,n,,cr sanctuary
from the approach of enemies, we hope
win be £ and wort|iy to be trusted
j )V ^| i0 Suproinc Grand Master of the
i; n j vcrBe ; to gaurd that House not
made with hands eternel in tho
Heavens. And in mingling our tears
and simpatliy with tho family of the
deceased let us unite with them in the
hope thai though we shall never see
Lim more on earth, we may meet him
i'dm where sorrow never comes and
Pöting shall be no more.
Robinson Crusoe's Island, id the
i Pacific ocean, is now peopled by j
! a Germany colony of about seventy
I ^ , ftnd , npon jts 8 , lore8 ^
i On their arrival they found!
' large flocks of goats, thirty half-wild;
horses, about sixty asses, and a number
<>f other domestic animal. They!
, , . , , : 1
brought with them cows, hogs, fowl,!
ureusils small boats and
üsliing tacklc.—f Baltimore Sun. j
I PIED :
—At his residence iu the Parish of
East Baton llouge, on the 28th of
December 1874, at 4'o'elock 1'. M
Dr. J. W. P McGimsey, iu the
77 th year of his age.
The deceased, the father of our
worthy young townsman, W. C.
McGimsey, was well known to us
and was universally esteemed by
all who knew him for his learning,
his noble qualities of head and
heart aud his christian bearing to
wards tho world. He was thor
oughly learned in his profession,
and his varied general information
upon all subjects made liim a most
agreeable companion for both the
old and young. He died at a ripe
old age, having more thnn passed
tho three score years and ten, but
his hale and hearty constitution
gave promise of a much more ex
tended life. No better man in all
the walks of life was ever called
from a sphere of honor aud useful
ness on this earth, and no more
sincerely christian gentleman was
ever called to his final account.
Death could have had no terror for
him and this knowledge should be
a source of consolation to his be
reaved family.
Our sympathies are tendered to
our young friend in his sad be
reavement and to the family of the
deceased in their affliction.
The Best Paper—Try It.
POSTA« E FREE.
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED
—THE—
Scientific American,
"SffOW IN ITS THIRTIETH YE Aß,
year, enjoys the widest circulation
of any weekly newspaper of the kind in
the world A new volume commences
January 4,18/2.
Its contents embrace the latest and
most interesting information peitainiug
to the Industrial, Mechanical, and Scien
tific Progress of the World ; Descriptions,
with Beautiful Engravings, of New In
ventions, New Implements, New Process
es, and Improved Industries of all kinds;
Useful Notes. Recipes. Suggestions and
Advice, by Practical Writers, for Work
men and Employers, in all the various
arts.
Tho SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENG'KAFINGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to civil and Mechanical En
gineering, Milling, Mining and Metallur
gy; Records ot the latest progress in the
applications of Steam, Steam Engineering.
Railways, Ship Building, Navigation,Tel
egraphy, Engineering, Electricity, Mag
netism, Light and Heat.
FARMKRS, Mechanics, Engineers, In
ventors, Manufacturers, Chemists, Lovers
of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Lawyers,
and People of all Professions, will linil the
ScâcnîlïJk America» !
useful to them. It should have a place in
every Family, Library, Study, Office, anil
Counting Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy, or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
S kvkuai. Hundhkd Engkavings Thou
sands of volumes are preserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times tho subscription
price, Terms, §3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Discount to Clubs. Spe
"ial circulars and specimens sent free.
May be had of all News Dealers.
PATENTS.
In connection with the Scientific Ank
ican , Messrs. MuN'N & Co. are Solicitors
of American and Foieign Patents, and
have the largest establishment in the
world. More than fifty thousand applica
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the liest terms,
Models of Now inventions and sketches ex
amined and advice free. A special notice
is made in the Scikntific A.mküicax of
all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and residence ot
the Patentee. Patents are ofteii sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for Pam
phlet, 110 pages, containing laws and full
directions for obtaining Patents.
Address for tho Paper, or eoncerningPa
teuts, M LINN A CO., 37 Park Row, N.
Y. Branch Office, cor. F and 7th # Sts..
Washington, D. C.
gc
D. M. Hollingsworth,
GRAVIER ST.,
OPPOSITE CASSIDY'3 HOTEL.
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
K
EI]PS constantly on hand and
•builds to order all patterns and
prices of CARRIAGES and BUG
GIES, from severity dollar no top
buggy to a Fifteen hundred dollar
coach. Harness, Children's carriages
and Yelocipides at prices cheaper
than the cheapest, to suit the times.
Dec. 26-Goi*
Notice of Dissolution.
THE co-partnership heretofore ex
isting under the name and stylo
of M. Panl, Jr., & Od ., was dissolv
ed by limitation on tho 1st inst.
Mr. M. Paul, Jr., retires from the
firm and Messrs. J. A. Williaih» and
J. C. Rogers, having bought Iiis
interest, will continue the business
at the same old stand, under tho
name and style of Jno. A. Wil
liams, & Co. The liabilities* of tho
late firm will be settled by ^Icssrs.
Jno. A* Williams & Co., and all
parties indebted to the said firm
are requested to come forward
promptly aud close np their ac
counts with Messrs J. A. Williams
& Co., either partner having the
right to sign in settlement.
JNO. A. WILLIAMS,
M. PAUL, Jr.
TN referring to the above announce
-f ment we beg leave tp tuunk our
friends and the public generally for
the liberal patronage extended to
M. Paul, Jr., & Co., and respectful
ly solicit the same liberal share of
patronage be extended to the new
firm. J. A. WILLIAMS,
J. C.K0GEKS,
X retiring from the late firm of
M. Paul, Jr., & Co., I must
thank their many friends and cus
tomers tor their liberal patronage
and ask that the same patronago
be extended to tho now firm. 1
cheerfully recommend them to my
friends and the public generally as
men of energy and business capaci
ty, and worthy of their confidence
and hope, they will enjoy the same
patronage as the old firm. The bus
iness will be carried oil at the same
old stand where I will bo happy to
meet my old friends and customers
with Jno. A. Williams § Co.
M. PAUL, Jr.
ESTABLISHED 1801.
The Evening Post
PUBLISHED IN NEW YOKK.
DAILY, WEEKLY ,f- SEMI-WEEKLY
# THE EVENING POST
Is an advocate of the substitution of gen
eral laws for special legislation, of tho
freedom of trade, of tho restoration and
iiiaintainauco of a specie currency, of tho
decentralization of political power, of im
partial taxation, of the restraint of mon
opolies, and of the retorm of the civil ser
vice of the government; and it is an op
ponent, of every form of disloyalty', wheth
er manifesting itself in rebellion and,Bedi
tion, in official oppression, extravagance
and plunder, or in the attempted repudia
tion of tho publie debt.
terms for 1875.
DAILY.
One year ....$ 12 00
SEMI-WEEKLt.
Single copy, ono year 3 00
fc'ive copies, one year 12 50
Ten copies, one year iili 00
WEEKLY.
Single copy, one year $ 1 50
Five copies, one year 7 00
Ten copies, one year 12 50
Twenty copies, one year ü'i 00
rOSTAOE.
After January 1, 1875, the Publishers
will pay postage.
We will send the DAILY one month for
§1 00, the WEEKLY for two months for
i!5 cents, or the SEMI-WEEKLY for two
months for 50 cents. Speciuieu Numbers
Sent Free. Address,
WILLIAM C. BRYANT, New York
fET
The Ijcading: Amc ienn
TCcwspape .
"The New TRIBUNE of to day like tiie
oli> TRIBÜNE of the past, is to bk
conskcrated to the development
of ideas, the exposition of
principles, and the pro
muloation of the
tbutii."
THE unanimous and unsolicited verdict
of the hundreds of thousands of read
ers of the TRIBUNE is, that the paper
was never so good as at the present
time During the past year it has enlarg
ed its tield and improved its facilities in
every direction, and enters npon tho clos
ing mouths of 1^4 with most oncourag.
ing prospects. THE TRIBUNE, however,
believes in deeds rather than in words—iu
results rather than in promises. It points
to its records and its columns for the paxt
twelve months as tho best evidence of
what it has done, and the most satisfacto
ry pledge of what it will do. All the dis
tinctive features of the paper will be pro
served and strengthened; tho "Extras
whose sale has reached hundreds of thou
sands, will be continued, and the present
admitted pre-eminence of the paper not
only mautained, but still further advanc
ed. Its new building, tho largest news
paper office in the world, is now rapidly
approaching completion.
Terns of tha Tribune— Daily (by
mail > one year, §10 00 ; Semi-Weekly, ono
year, $:5 CO ; Five copies, one year, $!- 50;
Weekly, one year, $2 00 : Five copies, ono
year, §7 50. Each person procuring a club
often or more subscribers to the Weekly,
or of fifty or more to the Semi-Weekly, is
entitled to one extra copy.*
Papers addressed separately to each
member of a club will be charged teu
cents additional to the above rates.
IW Specimen copies of either eili
tion of THE 1RIBUNE, and circa,
lars giving full details of the extra
sheet, sent free to any address in tho
United Mates.
_All remittances at sender's
risk, unless by draft on New York—
postal order or in registered letter.
Address TRIP, UNE,
• New York,