C B. ST EWART
"TflUTH CRUSHEDTQr-£ftRTH WILL RISE AGAIN.'
PUBLISHER
VOL. L
ALEXANDRIA. LA., SATURDAY, MAY 80, 1874.
N«. 10.
! S. W. Stafford. R. P. Hunter. W. P. Blackman
Stafford, Hunter & Blâckman
EDITORS AND PROPRfETOttS.
ROBT. P. HUNTER, Business Mang'r
C. B. STEWHKT, - - PUBLISHER
Agents.
G. W. BOSTON, Pinevffle and
North Red River. »•
G. L. HALL, - New Orleans
D. C. TAUL. ...Spring Creek
ALEXANDRIA-, LA.i
Saturday, - - May 3D, 1^74.
TERMS !
THE CAUCASIAN is published week
ly, at Three Dollar» per annum—
PAYABLE IN A D V A N C E ! No
subscription taken for a lees period
than six months
ADVERTISEMENTS inserted at the
rate of One Dollar per square for
the first insertion and Fifty Cents
for each^ubsequent one.
Eight lines or less, ( brevier ) consti
tute $ square.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
A. Cazabat,
Colfax La.
- [For The* CanoMiso.
Incidents Abroad.
In the Spring of 1Ç68, I lonnd myself a
juvenile "pensionaire" in a young ladies
boarding school in Geneva. Switzerland
in the heart of Europe, without kith or
kin, in the Eastern Hemisphere. My sor.
rows were however so brief, 4ny tears
transient as only to «et off with greater dis
tinctness, the broad spaces filled with
teuderest love and kindly care.from a)
mostevery one—and hours mailed with
the sights of grandenr and sublimity which
attended my foot steps in the Old World
It is these occasional incidents and im
pressions, that I propose from to time
to j«t down for your interesting journal, if
they shall be thought worthy, and you
will take them as occasion offers and the
spirit moves.
And what shall I say of my sweet Swiss
home, and beautiful Geneva, that quaiut
old calvanistic ci^y. nestling ou the shores
of Lemuns' blue waters and cradled as
were, between the grand snow clad Alps
on one side and the gentle Jura On the
other. Our little home too, was very fair,
the large garden tilled with rare and beau
tiful (lowers, and a shady grove of fir and
pine intercepted by a brooklet that chat
ted and gurgled, the live long day. Jt,
was on its mossy banks, that we always
made the best compositions and memo
rised most easily the difficult selections
from Cornielle and Racine. It was here
■ that the nightingale, sweet poet of the
wood, soft minstrel of the early year, spent
its melody in May, the first and only one I
«ver heard, here too that-the glow worm
sparkled. A little rustic bridge and gate
separated it from or united it to the
neighboring estate; but we never cared to
explore beyond, our little Eden was world
enough for us, and we were left to chat or
dream, here, until tho. falling of twilight
dews admonished us to leave this shad.v
retreat. The evenings were passed
pleasant converse, music or reading aloud,
oftetï games of various kinds. Each sea"
son was possessed of its peculiar charm.—
Spring was hailed with untold delight as
the harbinger of pleasant rambles in the
valley and picnics on the mountains. We
started at seven in the morning with our
botanical boxes and sketch books, never
thinking of turning %teps homeward till
long after thu setting of the sun. How
we did revel in the cool exhilerating moun
tain air; the jolly donkey ride, with an oc
casional capsize by way of variety, for be
it known that these gentle beasts of bur
den do someti mes get obstreperous. The
fall however, was never a very mighty
one, and rather lent to our amusement.
The second summer month was spent on
the Alps. Those were bright sunny days
never e Jo be forgotten. With health, joy f u
heart, tine weather and glorious scenery,
is there any virtue in being happy ? @ We
dwelt in a rustic chalet, perched as it
we re on a Pbelf of the mountain. 15«-tore
us arose the beautiful "Dent du Midi," al
most eleven thousand feet high;-its snowy
peaks caught the.flrst beams of the rising
sun. To the "West our eye lighted upon
the grand "Glacier du Trient." We w ould
watch the sunbeams play with the stream
let, that wound like a silver thread tlirou
the valley below; the soft, v tperous clouds
that floated about in lantastic forms, like
silver winged insects looming up from the
vale below, to join the cliffs of clouds
above and finally drifting away to melt in
the sunshine Evening was charming too,
this season of rest and suspension from ali
labor being peculiarly charmi ig among the
mountains. How sweet is the sound of
the low ing herd, the twitter of birds seek
ing their leafy homes, the song of the mer
ry berger or shepherd, and the gossip of the
rosy cheeked paysannes litigering-around
the village fountain which supplies water
for the entire community. I can never
forget the exquisite effect of a perfect sun
ISP" A young woman of a very set there, lighting up with a halo of glory
prudish turn was hurt in a railway ! those solitudes of snow and ice. First the
•i i-iti a»i t •. • i light is mellow gold, then it changes to
accident and taken to the hospital, .? ... * °
silvery lilac, if I may so express it, and h
t\hen tli3 doctor asked her what I Iia i|y melts into ashy grey and dies away,
was the matter with her. One of Then the evening breeze would play with
lier limbs, she said, was injured.— j the pines, sometimes the sound would be
"Well," he returned, "but which to me likH 8tiffled si « hB or tho ^onrufui
limb?" "O, I can't tell vou, doctor; ! " f t,,e ">• «•»»'>»'<>. a .
. ^ . „ ... .. .. the evening drifted into night, no sound
but it is one of my limbs • O, non- , broUe the 8ileuce t- ve tho fofUninK _ ever
sence," criefi the doctor, out Of all j rushing torrent, that fretted and leapt
patience; "which is it T'— the limb ; through the craggy gorge. When the
yon thread a eedle with 1" "No : moon was full, the scene was more akin to
sir," she answered, with a blush! 1 con T c ? tl,,n 01 a world divine tI,,m a ">"
' thing I have ever seen. We often made
delightful jaunts to the adjacent moun
tains or valleys. We arose to see the sun
rise, a grand sight it was too. Then old
Pierre, our good cicerone would bring up
the rear with surplus wrappings. This
old Pierre was a vèry nice man so the vil
lage thought, he knew every peak, hill
aud dale for miles arouud—and all the
"ehort eut" road*, and »poke ▼•ry fair
H L. IMIGRE,
Alexandria La.
DAIGRE & CAZABAT.
Attorneys aud Counsellors at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA,
No. 3. LEVI VS HOW.
OOO-—
WILL PRACTICE their profession
and give prompt and special at
tention to the collection of all claims
in the Parish of Rapides, Grant, Winn
and Vernon, and before the Supreme
Court at New Orleans.
May 16 th 1874. 3-m.
' THOMAS C. MANNING^
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
ii- A. HUNTER,
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA LOUISIANA. ^
M. RYAN; E SQ.,
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
ROBERT J. BOWMAN,
O 7
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
w . C. McGIMSET,
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
Wn^BLACKMAN, ^'
Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
~ ROBERT 1\ HUNTER,
0 Q Attorney at Law,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
L~ VICTOR M ARYE, "
Justice Feace, alul Notary Tublic,
ALEXANDRIA LOUISIANA.
''the limb I wear a garter on."
A cynical bachelor says that the earl
iest impression received by the femin
ine soul is of her ultimate destiny as
somebody's wife.
It is said thai cork screws have sunk
iiiore than cork-jackets liavc ever saved
frenclr. and he did possess one golden
quality, he. vas always good m tu red.
Ho« We did ei\joy these tramps; aud the
cqpy dinner at tbe village tavern—soup,
veal, potatoes, fruit and good red wiup
formed oilr repast, but we* did f'stice to
al' and'felt as if we bad dined-like prin
cesses. A short saunter t hrouglr the vUllag«
church yard, a rough sketch of the old
ruin perhaps and then we turned our faces
homeward, arriviifg at onr little cbaTefr
about light in- the evening, tho weaker
pedes! riabs riding half way hörne. I never
felt weary and always walked. The aft is
so frésh and exhilerating that you seem
to move bv instinct rather thanby conscious
effort. We had some few days of storm
too, and they were very grand and Impres
sive. They approach almost as suddenly
as they vanish. The sky becomes darken
ed by the lowering clouds that gather.—
Ever and anon lurid streaks of lightning
would light up for an instant the whole
mountain world, making the darkness even
more apparent. Then the clap of thunder
that would seem to roll and vibrate for
miles, and finally die away like a suppress
ed moan. Grandly impressive was it to
watch thus a war in tho skies—in piêsence
of this awful sublimity one is afraid to
fear, you are tilled, unconsciously, with
awe and wonder; atnl you feel God's power
Beautiful is the calru that follows the
storm, the angry elements sink suddenly
to rest, and the snnbeams begin to coquer
with the rain drops, and the songsters re
sume their merry warble; the air is fresl
and filled with sweet perfume of new mown
hay. Nor can I forget the Sabbaths;
"Tender was the law that gave this holy
respite to the breast,
To breathe the gale, to watch tho wave—
and know the wheel may rest."
It always seemed the brightest and fairest
of the seven days' I cannot in truth re
call one dismal sabbath on the mountains.
Every one seemed happy and joyous !„,The
little village church that we attended was
about a mile from onr chalet. About nine
in the morning we prepared for the c/iarm
ing jaunt church ward. From ail the
neighboring hamlets the inmates saunter
ed forth, clad in their "go to meeting"
arbs with grave but contented mien,
leaving the doors of their homes unlocked
even when entirely vacated by its in
mates. Such peace and security would
seem to a denizen of onr Crescent Citv at
^iiost more-than earthly felicity, but there
such is truly the case. The good father
was generally armed with a green cotton
i.@.ibrella, which was, however, never used
except in sunshine. 1 rather think tliev
were heir looms, that passed thro'h several
generations. I have never seen more than
in a-household. The little mountain
path thai led to the chunk was very pic
turesque. a»d we often wished it was twice
as long. This®rustic house of worship
could not accommodate more than eighty
persons; it rarely contained fully that
number, it was neat but simple in. con
struction, with neither organ nor choir—
but youth and age alike, sang with heart
and soul, and I thought it. the sweetest
holy music I ever ift-ard. Here there is no
distinction ot persons; all sit and worship
indiscriminately—a blue silked heiress
might find beside liera simple humble,
peasant maid. More anon.
L. S. H.
FF* A reporter of the Baltimore
American * thus describes one of the
many processes of making shot in one
f the shot towers of that city : One
of the "secrets" of the manufacture is
the mixing of the lead with a certain
'proportion of a combination of mCiieral
substances culled " temper." The "tem
per is fused with the lead, and gives
the molten metal that consistency
which makes it drop. If it were uot
tor tho " temper" the lead would be
moulded by the sieve, and would ftirm
little pencils instead of round shot*
When " BB" shot, for instance, are to
be m.ide, the leid is ponied into a pan
perforated with holes corresponding
with that size.
The little pellets come pouring down
in a continuous shower, and fall into a
tank filled with water on the ground
floor. In their descent of two hiindred
feet they become perfeet spheres, firm
nd dense, and they are tolerably c< ol
when they strike the water, although
the.swift concussions make the tank
foi.m and bubble as if the water was
boiling furiously. The shot, must fall
u water, for if they would ^trike any
firm substance they would be flattened
and knocked out of shape. To get the
little pel|ets perfectly dry after they
have been in the '• well" is the most
difficult and troublesome process of the
whole manufacture.
An elevator with small buckets (very
much like thoge .used in flour mills)
cames the shot up as fast as they reach
lie bottom of the " well," and deposits
hem in a box sisty feet above the
*t fl'ior. The Water drips from the
buckets as they go up, aud not much
is poured into the receiver above, al
hough it is intended to he a sort of
dripping machine. From this receiver
tlie shot runs dawn a spout into a dry
ng pan, which greatly resembles a
gigantic shoe, made of sheet iron. The
pan rests at an angle which permits'
he wet shot to full slowly down to the
chain Iter below, aud the pellets become
perfectly dry as they pass 0 over the
warm »beet-iron.
nr John of the New. York Sun ; has
, liera to Salt Lake. He writes there
from, amusingly, as follows:
The city is situated iu the loveliest
.valley I ever saw, overshadowed by
the Wabs?.tch. range of mountains,
their peaks visible, capped with snow
flie- year around. The climate is
wondertally mild. Abnnt two miles
from the centre of the city and owned
by it, is a warm sulphur spring.
Swimming bath houses have been
erected, and a swim in that «nlphiir
water -is* a positive luxury. Still
farther out from; the city are the hot
springs. An egg will coôk|ih the water
in four minutes. So will two eggs
Uncle Samuel has a military camp near
the city. There is one very large
business .bouse- " here. It is called
Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Io6titu
tion.
Salt Lake is some miles from the
city, i visited it. The name is
apropos. It isn't necessary to em bahn
a mau to make him keep if lié has ever
been soaked in that water. One tea
spoonfull once a.day, taken internally,
would turn a man i to çorned beef, is
less than a week. Mashed potatoe/t,
dropped into the lake, come up cod
fish balls inside of three minutes, and
an old boot leg become a mackerel ill
two hours. Three barrels . of that
water make one barrel of salt that is,
according to chemicals analysis. My
judgment, unsupported, would lead
me to suppose, from tasting it, that
one barrel of water would make three
barrels of salt. Its buoyancy is re
inarkale. Mr. B—„of Z. C. M. Institu
tion says that lie has walke.i wit into,
the.lake until he has had fifty feet "of
water under him, aud he sank ouly to
liiS waist Mr. B— also informed me
that.in disrobing heaccidently dropped
Iiis stockings; he walked out into
the lake, sat down aud made a clothes
line of his toes, hung his stockings on
'em, and sat there till they dried. I
remarked, that must have itee'n when
he wasu buoy; but he said to.
There is a man out here , he is a
jeweler. He is the very fellow who
made the welkin riug. I ^saw him
making a napkin ring. There is a de
mand for old" horse-shoes ; they are a
going to start a Chinese paper
Sacra Hfttrto, and they want 'em for
tv pe. "
I met an old New Yorker day before
yesterday; he was once Q a prominent
liepnblicau ; he is now a very Btrong
Democrat. ■§,
Says I : " What made you change V'
Sa\ s lie : "It's perfectly natural I
should do so."
Says I : " Why so Î"
Says lie: "Don't a man always,
when he gets tired of tyiny on oue
side, turn over on the other sidet"
Says-I : " Good day sir."
Says he : " Good day."-© [if. O Bul
letin. 0
On#For His Grace —An amus
ing story of an. English nobleman,
recently deceased, h told by the
"Man Abouti own," in tlie English
Sporting Gazette: "The Duke," he
says," was once it church, ho mat
ter where, when a collecting was
announced for some charitable ob
ject. The plate, or bag, or whatever
it might be began to go round, and
the Duke eare'nlly put his hand in
his pocket and took out a florin,
winch be laid on the pew before
him, ready for tiansfer'to the plate.
Beside him sat a little snob, who,
noticing this action, imitated it by
ostentatiously laying a sovereign
alongside the ducal florin.
This was too much for Iiis Grace,
who dipped his hand into liis pock
et again and pulled out another
florin, which he laid by°che side ol
the first. The little snob followed
suit by laying another Sovereign
beside tbe first. His Grace quietly
added a third florin, which was cap
ped by a third sovereign on the part
of the little snob. Out came a foiuth
florin to swell the Duke's donation ;
then the little snob triumphantly
laid three sovereigns at once upon
the board. ^Iie Duke, not t<T be
heathen, produced thn-e floiins.
Just at this moment the plate Arriv
ed. The iittle snob took up his
handful of sovereigns and ostenta
tiously rattled them into the plate,
and then turned defiantly toward
his rival,' as who should say,"I
think that .takes the slime out of
.von." Fancy his chagrin when tbe
Duke, with » grim smile, put one
florin into the plate, and quietly
swept the remaining six back into
Ins pocket. His Grace used to
«•hnekie when he told that story—
and I think oa the whole he had
the best of it.
" Patrick," said the priest, " how
much did you steal ?" "Well, I
may as well cohfess to your river
encë for the whole stack," for I am
going alter the whole stack to
night."
. The Grangers.
INTERESTING ITEMS REGARDING
THE ORDER IN ALL PARTS
OF THE COUNTRY.
There are nearly 150,000 Patrons
10 Geof^ia. '*
The organization of granges is
rapidly spreading in Kentucky.
The total grange- membership in
the United States is now estimated
at 1,250,000.
There are said to be ever GO,000
grangers connected with tbe vari
ous lodges iu Kentucky.
*After a grange has been formed,
the initiation tee for mçmbérs is $5
for men' and $2 fojr women.
Paradoxical.—The new engine on
the. Dps Moines, Iowa, narrow,
gauge railway is named the "Gi&n
ger."
In 1,818 granges in Iowa, it is
claimed there are no less than 25,
000 women, each of. whom is em
powered to vote.
The Polk county, Iowa, Patrons
aie talking of a 100,000 bushel ele
vator at Des Moines, and also ol a
farmer's insurauee company.
. Marshall Grange, ot Michigatf,
numbering 200 members, has re
sol red not to trade "with or p^ron
ize in any way a person engaged iu
liquor-selling.
A grange in Muscarine county,
Iowa, holds what is called open
grange, and invites everybody to
attend. Questions of interest to
agriculturists and others are to be
discussed:
The Patrons of Husbandry in tbe
Bonthern states number at present
3,500 granges, and are rapidly in
creasing This is about one-third
of all the subordinate granges io
the United States.
The Indiana State Grange has
decided that no one may be proper
ly admitted who,doe°s.not depend
more upon, the products of .his farm
for his income that upon any other
occupation. ©
The Patron of Husbandry, pub
lished at. Colirmbns, Miss., says:
11 The Planters' Cotton-tie Associa
tion has.effected a reduction of two
cents per pound on the price of ties,
a saving of $1,000,000 on the annu
al crop, which has heretofore gone
into the pockets of a foreign monop
oly."
The members of Davis Grange,
Harrison county, Indiana, are re
ported to have parsed resolutions
to the effect that they will not sup
port any candidate who is subject
io the decision of a political con
vention, or one who attempts to se
cure his election, directly or indi
rectly, through the influence of|
whiskey.
The State Grange of Nebraska is
putting in machinery at Plattis
month for the manufacture of plow.%
cultivators, headers, harvesters and
other agricultural implements. The
building is a two story brick, 40
by 140 feet. Thirty,heads of lami
lies are employed to comipence
with. Steam and blast powçr of
the necassary quantity will be fur
nished.
The editor of the Clinton Advo
oate, who organized the first grange
in'Texas, says his sympathies have
always beeu with the grange move
ment, and will continue to be as
long as tho granges keep out of the
dirty pool of politics, but that it a
grange pokes up a democratic or
republican head he will be one of
the many to have a shot at it. .
The following shows the number
of granges in each state January 1 ;
Alabama, 424 ; Arkansas, 164, Cal
ifornia, 129; Colorado territory, 2;
Dakota territory, 30; Florida, 20;
Georgia, 437 ; Indiana, 862 ; Illi
nois, 821; Iowa, 2,000; Kansas,
779; Kentucky, 172; Louisiana,
50; Maryland, 10; Mississippi,
561 ; Missouri, 1,500; Minnesota,
406 ; Michigan, 169 ; Mainey 1 ;
Massachusetts, 19; North Caroli
ua, 139j -Nebraska, 370; New
Hampshire, 17; New York," 29;
New Jersey, 20 ; Oregon, 558 ;
Ohio, 293; Pennsylvania 56; South
Carolina, 206; Tennessee, 302;
Texas, 51; Nirginia, 18; Vertnont,
42; West Virginia, 27; Washing
ton territory, 6 ; W sconsin, 378.
These figures have been increased
siu^e January 1, but no general es
timate has been made since that
date.
CHUCKLES,
It is said of the tempewuee
saders that "they drink not, neith
et do they sin : yet Solomon, in' «11
his glory, was not a raid like one of
these."
Hair-cntter (who has been eating
onious)—S'luoil on your, hair, sir
(blowiug fiercely- down customer's
neck)! Customer—Phewr! Jtbat'»
that! Hair-cùtter-^-8'iaoxl, sir. Cus
tomer—Then 1 won't have auy.
A German Jew' was eating a
pork-chop in a thunder storm. Qa
hearing an unusnally loud clap, be
laid down his knife and fork and
observed : " Yell, did any pofcy efer
bear such a fuss apout a little biece
ot bork P
A friend at our elbow says he
thinks it iust as reprehensible for
women to get tight by lacing as for
men to get tight by whisky: JBoth
injure the system. -Wpll, itfs none
of our particular business, any way.
Men generally get tight 'cause it's
pleasant, and womenget tight cors
ets nice. . .
A Parisian, who was known as a
freethinker, met a Parisian friend
the other day, and, taking him by
the hand, said, "I have become a
Christian." I am glad to bear it,"
-he replied ; " supposé we now have
a settlement of that tittle account
between us. Pay me what thou
owes ." "No," said the new-born
child, turning.on bis heel; "reli
gion, aud business is business."
St. Paul's Episcopal, church is
one of .the very prettiest of its kind
iu a town in the West. The recto
ry formerly had a large and itnpoft
ing.door-plate, inscribed "St. Paul's
Parsonige." One day a waggish
friend ot the rector rang the bell
■fiercely, and asked if St. Paul were
at home. Thè rector enjoyed the
joke, but called for a screw-driver
immediately, and the door pkte has
since been missing.
About 11 o'clock one night a po
liceman met a negro carrying a
trunk along the street, and,think
ing he bad discovered an Item, ho
collared the negro, and told him to
drop that trunk and explain. I
kin do it, sab," replied the stranger,
as he put the trunk down. " Do
family what was boarding me lias
been axing for money, and as dey
was gwyne out to-night, I thought
I d get into some family w^ar dey
respected de pauic." He. was al
lowed to go on.
While manipulating the windlass
of a well the other night, a party
who had been laying in a stock of
whisky before it was all seized by
the police, let the bandle slip when
the bucket was balf-way-up, aud
natural y enough received aebnek
under, the chin that knocked him
over a neighboring fence. " Sold
agin," be muttered, as be climbed
to his leet; "might anode—hie—
better than to—liic go fool in' rouu'
so much water. Beteher boots I'll
stick t' whisky after this."
A distinguished professor, resid
ing nota thousand miles from An
dover, was recently on an excursion
to. Europe. Beiug in Edinburgh
one wet Sunday, and desiring to go
to church, he hired a cab. On
reaching the rhurcli-door he tender
ed a-shilling to cab"by, the legal
fare, and was somewhat surprised
to hear thecabmau say, "Twa sliul
leu sir." Tbe professor fixed his
eagle eyes upon the extortioner,
demanded why he charged two
shillings, and the cabman dryly an
swered, "We wush to diseourago
Raveling on the Sawbath as much
as possible, sir."
0 A Massachusetts farmer says:
"My cattle will follow ine until 1
leave the lot, and on the way up to
the barnyard in the cveuing, stop
and call for a lock of hay." tmith
son says there is nothing at all re
markable about that. He went in
to a barnyard in the country one
day last week, and an old bull not
only followed him until he left the
lot but took 0 the gate off the hinges
and raced with him to the house in
the most familiar way possible. Ho
has no doubt that the old fellow
wonld have calied for something if
he had waited a little whilo, but ho
didn't want to keep the folks wait
ing for dinner, so he hung one tail
of his coat and a piece of his pants
an the bull's horns, and sauutered
into the hoaee.