THE CALL of Me NORTH
la published every Friday by tha Call of tha North Pahlishinc o©., flt Pool. Mlamtta,
and will stand for American institutions, principles. Meals and traditions without few
or favor. t
Edited, not to make op people’s minds, but to shake np people’s minds i to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live to.
News of troth kills more fake news and shrivek op more "bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Troth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serioos
People.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to five the American viewpoint on Poh
lished articles and separate the dross from pure sold in the current news of the di|i
P. J. ORN, Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER, D. D., - - - - Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail f£.oo Per Year in Advance
Send all news itenm'and address all inquiries to EDITOR GAEL OF THE NORTH, Peat
Office Box 171, St. Paul, Minnesota.
“We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility,
provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos
terity, do ordain and establish this CONSTITUTION FOR THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA."
That paragraph is the preamble to Our Federal Constitution.
Learn it and keep the same ever fresh in your memory. Devote
some of your spare time to a thorough study of this Great Docu
ment in its entirety.
Referring to the Preamble note that you read “We, the
people,” and NOT “I, the king,” or “We, the nobles.” A very
radical forward step was made when the makers of the Consti
tution established on this continent the true spirit of a demo
cratic form of government. Nowhere else in the world at the
time of the Constitution’s birth was there anything like a gov
ernment where “we, the people” spoke with genuine authority.
It was for the men of America to accomplish the impossible. Let
no true American forget the glorious Date—September 17th,
1787. Every year we should appropriately celebrate Constitu
tion Day, the seventeenth of September.
“Great were the hearts and strong the minds
Of those who framed in high debate,
The immortal league of love that binds
Our fair broad Empire, State with State.”
It is well for all Protestants to realize that the United States
Constitution is the creation of Protestantism. It behooves every
Protestant to clearly understand that he owes it to himself and
his posterity to stand on guard lest the anti-American groups
within our country succeed in weakening the basic laws. Public
opinion is the LIFE of the Constitution. When propaganda
seeking the change of public opinion against the Constitution is
gradually accomplished the destruction -of the nation-wide faith
in the document, there certainly ought to be an awakening.
We talk glibly about the Constitution but in fact know prac
tically nothing about it. The general ignorance of our Constitu
tion is painfully obvious. College graduates can give you in de
tail the rules and committee rulings pertaining to football and
fall down most miserably when considering the basic laws of
America. How many amendments has the Constitution? Not
one person in a hundred knows. We hear so much about the
18th amendment that a visitor from a foreign country would
think that we recognize it as the most important part of the
Constitution.
Study so that you can answer accurately the following ques
tions:
1. Why did the Articles of Confederation fail?
2. Name at least ten great Americans who made up the
personnel of the Constitutional contention.
3. Who is called “the Father of the Constitution?”
4. How did the Virginia Plan diffei* from the New Jersey
Plan?
5. What were the leading points of debate in the Con
stitutional Convention?
6. Does the Constitution make definite provisions for the
President’s cabinet?
7. How have the methods used in the election of a presi
dent changed?
8. What are the “unwritten laws” of the Constitution?
9. Did the original text of the Constitution include a Bit
of Rights?
10. What is the “elastic clause?”
11. How does the Constitution provide for amendments?
12. What are the Constitutional requirements for the
President, the members of Congress, the members of the Su
preme Court, the voter?
13. When must the Senate and the President act jointly?
14. Can a Roman Catholic or anyone swearing allegiance
to any foreign king, prince, potentate, pope or ruler of any kind
become President of the United States?
OVERCROWDING OUR SCHOOLS
In the September Bth issue of Colliers there is an article en
titled “Is There a Place for Your Child?” that every Klansman
should read. Collier’s wired or wrote to every superintendent
of schools in every city of 5,000 or ove of them and re
ceived replies from more than 1,000 revealng the astounding
conditions of overcrowding in our schools.
We quote William G. Shepherd’s article as follows:
“So schools open again. But it is the disgrace of America
this year that it doesn’t open wide enough. In at least 300
of our largest cities and towns there are not seats enough in
the schools for the children who want to get in. That flat
statement comes from school superintendents themselves.”
Editorially Collier’s states:
‘Remember your childhood ? A desk of your very own, your
initials deeply carved or scrawled in ink, secretly perhaps. A
place for your pencils, your books, and back of these the things
that must be kept out of sight—marbels or a ball or those worth
less treasures you hoarded but could never explain to any one
else. The child of today who shares part of a school desk with
others has no such private hoard—no plaqe to call his own.
“Crowded schools short-change the children all around. Half
time means half education, half-hearted attention, and only a
half share of the teacher’s guidance and confidence. To avoid
half time as much as possible, they jam the children in, make
the classes larger, put seats in where they should not be. Colds
and other childhood ailments spread faster and do more damage.
“The teachers are shoved up against the walls somewhere
inside the bulging building. Teachers are human like the rest
of us. Nearly all of them will do their best about as long as it' is
any use to try. But what can they do? When the kids get too
numerous, all you can do is to slap the instruction on the black
board, keep your records, and make out those bundles of cards
and reports and summaries. Keep somehow, trust to
CONSTITUTION DAY
method and system, and pray for the term to end. That makes
a busy-looking education, mill, but it isn’t teaching. /
“The boys and girls of the United States deserve a square
deal in our schools. They are not getting that square deal now.”
He who is not familiar with the Holy Writ, is ignorant re
gardless of the number of scholastic degrees he may possess.
Some people do not place the Bible on the library table because
folks might think them religious. It is not stylish to be religious.
It is so easy for people to say, “He’s religious crazy; she’s gone
luny on religion!”
I wonder how much dust covers your Bible. It would be
interesting to know how well-preserved your Bible is. Are there
any finger marks on the pages of your Bible? Have you made
any pencil notations in your Bible? Ail these things tell an im
portant story. Many people know their ledgers and journals bet
ter than the Bible. I know women, yes, mothers, who are more
familiar with the writings of Bertha Clay, than the Glorious Li
brary. “Ashes of Love” is more interesting than the “Gospel
According to St. Matthews.”
Today there are thousands in Christendom who hate the
Bible. They seek to tear down its power over the lives of so many
of us. There seems to be a delight in something in the way of
religion that is not Biblical. The faith of Christians is fre
quently shaken by the maze of words written and spoken against
the Bible. ‘
It happens from time to time that ministers get weary of
preaching the Bible. They talk politics instead. I have heard
many sermons with no mention made of Jesus the Christ.
“I can’t always be preaching Christ,” says a preacher.
If a minister preaches from the Bible he must preach
Christ. Every text that may be selected for a sermon leads the
development of the thought directly to Jesus. From every part
of England there is a road that leads to London. So in the Bible
every text leads to Jesus.
The Bible is a rule and guide of faith.
As a library the Bible has something for every clean taste;
it meets the need of every temperament; no culture is beyond
the Bible’s great variety; all moods find rich food in the Holy
writ.
—Bryant.
“If you enjoy history, you will find the Book of Moses en
tertaining. If you are in love, you would enjoy the Bpok of
Ruth. The contemplative may turn to James. The affectionate
to the loving John will open. The pensive may read the tender
lamentations of Jeremiah. The sanguine will commune with the
graphic and creative Joel. If you are of a practical turn of mind
you will go to the wise Ecclesiastics or the out-spoken Peter.
You who like brilliant apothegms, should study the book of
Proverbs. The lover of pastoral and quiet delineations will sing
with the Psalmist. If you would take the wings of imagination,
and leap from earth to heaven, or wander through eternity, then
open the Revelation; and pour over and fill yourself with the
glory of the New Jerusalem; and listen to the seven thunders;
and gaze on the pearly gates and the golden streets of the heaven
ly city.
And yet this rich libraray is not gven to our young folks
for study. In our systems of education we shun the Bible as
if it were something immoral and devilish.
In every list of “the hundred best books” the Bible always
heads the list. And yet the Bible is a closed book to most of us.
It is a startling fact that we even dislike to read the Old Book
for fear people might think us old fashioned.
With the possibility of becoming tedious I shall dare to
give the words of Archbishop Fenelon:
“The Scriptures surpass the most ancient Greek authors
vastly in native simplicity, loveliness and grandeur. Homor him
self never reached the sublimity of Moses’ songs. Never did
any ode, either Greek or Latin, come up to the loftiness of the
Psalms. Neither Homer nor any great poet equalled Isaiah, de
scribing the majesty of God. What is there in antiquity that
can compare with the lamentations of Jeremiah, when he tender
ly deplores the misery of his country, or the prophecy of Nahum,
when he foresees in the spirit of the proud Ninevah fall under
the rage of an invisible army. Everything is painted in such
lively manner as strikes the imagination: the prophet far out
does Homer. Read likewise Daniel denouncing to Belshazzer the
divine yengence ready to overwhelm him, and try if you can find
anything in the most sublime original of antiquity that can be
compared to those passages of the Sacred Writ. As for the rest
of the Scripture, every portion of it is uniform and constant,
every part bears the peculiar character that becomes it. In short,
there is as much difference between the heathen poet and the
prophets as there is between a false enthusiasm and the true.”
And yet the Bible remains a closed book to most of us.
William Lyon Phelps said:
“Priests, atheists, skeptics, devotees, agnostics, and evange
lists are generally agreed that the Authorized Version of the
English Bible is the best example of English literature that the
world has ever seen.”
And yet it is not worthy of a place in our public schools,
even from a purely literary standpoint. I wonder why?
We who can read the English language are fortunate. In
no language has the Bible been so accurately and beautifully
translated. On good authority I can say that our English trans
lation is even better than the original Greek and Hebrew. Our
Authorized Version must have been inspired; I can account for its
accuracy, beauty and simplicity of diction in no other way..
The Bible-is the most wonderful library. As a revealer and
interpreter of God, the Bible and God’s Pictured Book—Nature,
rank close together.
As you read the Bible you view God as the Beginning; you
see Him as the End; you realize that God is Love; God is the
Creator; God is the Great Fountain of Life; God is the Com
forter; God is Wisdom; God is Truth; God is the Father; God is
the Physician; God is the Great Provider; God is the Comforter;
God is the Way; God is Righteousness; God stands forth as the
Grand Architect of the Universe. *
With the Bible in your hands, go forth into the open and
study God. It is remarkable how clearly God reveals Himself
through Nature—His handiwork— and the Bible—His Word. I
believe that students of God should go on expeditions and make
the study of the Bible richer by observation of God’s creation.
Too many people merely read the Bible and do not ponder
over it; and then wonder why they don’t understand God.
*' f
As a Rule and Guide of Faith the Bible has influenced man
kind to afi astounding degree. There is no book that has been
the source of so much debate and discussion as the Holy Writ
Some read the Bible and draw conclusions that are the basis of
But to many ministers the Bible is a closed book.
What is the Bible?
To begin with, it is a library. Its very name tells that.
The Bible is a revealer and interpreter of God.
THE CALL OP THE NORTH
-K-K
A CLOSED BOOK
a Faith; others read the same book and get another basis for a
different Faith. Out of the Bible has come about two thousand
different religious organisations. Some believe one thing and
some believe another thing. But when all is said and done the
center of all the various creeds is God. Bigotry has brought an
element into the religions of the civilized world that is anything
but Biblical. The “We-are-rights” have done much harm in
this world. I defy any church to prove that it has found the only
certain way to the Throne of God. There are certain fundamen
tals that no church with God as its center can omit in its creed.
But some churches are so blinded by creed, dogma, orthodoxy
and frills that they hpve lost sight of the true God. The Bible
is not the cause of man ? s intolerance in matters of religion, but
himself is to blame entirely. We are all more or less slaves of
tradition and do things in the name of God that are develish.
The Bible is a closed book in many churches.
Cling to the Bible, tho’ all else be taken;
Lose not its promises precious and sure;
Souls that are sleeping in echoes awaken,
Drink from the fountain, so precious, so pure.
Cling to the Bible, this jewel, this treasure
Brings to us honor and saves fallen man;
Pearl whose great value no mortal can measure,
Seek and secure it, 0 Soul, while you can.
Lamp for the feet that in byways have wandered,
Guide for the youth that would otherwise fall;
Hope for the sinner whose best days are squandered,
Staff for the aged, and best book of all.
MAGNUS IN THE SENATE
By J. B. Schuylheer in “The Country Editor," published in New Jersey.
EDITOR’S NOTE: The following article taken from
“The Country Editor,” published in the East, is one of the
many that are nothing more than outrageous insults. We
don’t care what you are politically, but you must admit
that there is seemingly an organized effort being made to
discredit “newcomers” in national politics that are not pay
ing tribute to the old dying political parties. The older
parties are conspicuous for their easy promises and out
standing evasions of pledges made when seeking votes.
The average voter won’t be led around any more. He
wants results, not promises. ' *
“One swallow does not make a
summer,” neither would the election
of a silly, visionary radical like Mag
nus Johnson to the United States
Senate, taken by itself, have any
great significance except as it may
demonstrate the ten dent y of the elec
torate to suffer from periodical de
mentia and to seek in some new po
litical adventure a remedy for its
economic ills, a specific for its hypo
chondriasis, an outlet for its tem
porary delirium. This is not the first
time that the dignity of the Senate
has been affronted by the election of
some asinine burlesque politician to
eit in that august body hallowed by
the memory of John Quincy Adams,
Henry Clay, John Caldwell Calhoun,
Daniel Webster, William Henry Sew
ard, James A. Garfield and a host of
others among the eminent statesmen
of America.
Taken, by itself, the election of
Johnson means nothing. The sover
eig State of Minnesota has the privi
lege of making itself rediculous in
the eyes of the nation and the world.
In the East we sometimes send
mediocre men to the Senate. They
are invariably, however, men of ed
ucation and attainments. They are
persons of breeding and refinement.
They have a regard for decency.
Magnus marks the crest of" the
wave of hysteria that carried such
men as Shipstead of Minnesota and
Brookhart of lowa into the United
States Senate. The wave will subside
and these states that, carried awaj
by a momentary madness, have elect
ed these men, will doubtless be heart
ily ashamed of themselves. For the
time being they are as impervious to
argument as would be a lot of raving
lunatics.
The situation is not particularly
dangerous. The East and the South
and some of the Western States have
sufficient serious-minded men to keep
the boat from rocking too violently.
Moreover, the United States is a much
bigger proposition than some of
these demagogues realize. There is
no place where a man’s measure is
more quickly taken. Like water,
tfchese rambunctious Near-Reds find
their level with remarkable facility.
TACKSON
J SHOP
731 SELBY AVENUE, ST. PAUL
Magnus will not look half so big
to himself in the Senate Chamber as
he did m the winds of Minnesota.
His bellowing, if he assumes to bellow
at all, will take on a different note.
The soft pedal will be used on his
vocal organs. Toughened though he
may be, he will learn to respect the
gavel. He will realize that the Unit
ed States Senate is not such a small
proposition as he thought.
While it may be impossible to teach
him manners, he will learn the mean
ing of law and order. He will learn
that even Magnus Johnson must sub
mit to legislative discipline. It will
not be surprising if during the first
few months he will have some of his
rough edges worn off and polished
down. Western tornadoes may be all
right in Minnesota but they don’t fit
into the atmosphere at Washigton.
La Follette himself has never been
a dangerous man. His measure was
taken early in the game and he was
made to sit down where he belonged.
Yet he is a man of parts. Alongside
of Magnue he is a giant. He is
skilled in debate and knows all the
tricks of the trade and all the pit
falls of his profession. He can asso
ciate with men of education and re
finement without making a spectacle
of himself.
Yet he has never been dangerous.
His demagogy is of the transparent
kind. It gets him nowhere.
After all, the desire to be thought
well of is as strong in Mag as in the
rest of us. The sting of ridicule will
pierce even his toughened hide. There
you’ll stand, Mag, before all those
Senators. They’ll be too polite to
snicker. But if you could read their
thoughts! Would you not wish that
the roof of the Senate Chamber might
fall upon you—and them, and crush
the life out of all of you? Oh, Mag!
And there’s Minnesota—poor old
Minnesota—with Shipstead and Mag
representing her in Washington.
Senators, no less ! Representing her
for six long years .... no way
to get out of it . . . she has to
grin and bear it for the whole term.
Mag chattering like a magpie at
home, but as silent as the Sphinx in
Washington .... tongue-tied.
Poor Mag! Poor Minnesota!
THE
Tailors and
Furriers
—P. J. ORN
STOP TOUR TIRE TROUBLES
BUY DAYTON
THOROUGHBRED
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
PAY AS YOU RIDE
ORVILLE W. HART CO.
189 W. Sixth St. Cedar 6651
ST. PAUL, MINN.
J. A. CHASE
738 Selby A vena*
—CIGARS.
—CONFECTIONERY.
YOUR PATRONAGE
A PPRECIATE D
AMERICAN TENT & AWNING
COMPANY
Complete Camping Equipment
IF ITS MADE OF CANVAS
WE MAKE IT
PHONE US YOUR WANTS
Garfield 3123
CARL RAWITZER, Manager
4 West Third St., St. Paul, Minn.
Pianos and Player Pianos
Pipe Organs and Photo Players
Refinishing OUR Rebuilding
Repairing WORK Repairing
Tuning GUARANTEED Tuning
STEINFIELD & HANSON
Practical Piano Builders
Cedar 8268
8 W. Third Street, St. Paul, Minn.
FRYE & FRYE
ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
L. M. FRYE
To. 4837
KLANSMEN
SUPPORT YOUR PAPER
Subscribe for
“THE CALL OF THE NORTH”
Buy a bundle for your friends.
PHONE TOWER 4546
FOR
DRY CLEANING
SERVICE
TOWER
DRY CLEANING
COMPANY
951 ARCADE STREET
Convent Cruelties
A True
Story by
Ex-Nun
PIA HELEN
JACKSON
Author
K and Victim
Price, 50c
Please
rot
Address
Helen Jackson
1638-T Milbura Avenue
TOLEDO, OHIO.
Special Rates to Agents*
YOU KNOW WHERE TO
EAT
IN ST. PAUL
BATTERY SERVICE CO.
JAKE SCHAEFER
AUTO ELECTRIC EXPERT
04 V. dk It. (Mu «Ut
H. R. FRYE
To. 4115