POP Cl YC Get the Lawless in St Paul
rUf 3Al JEvery Sommer Has Its Fall
THE GREOT CRUCIBLE
DR. EDWIN ERIE SPARKS. PRESIDENT PENNSYLVANIA STATE
COLLEGE. STATE COLLEGE PENNSYLVANIA
Go into many of the manufactur
ing plants in this country and you will
find there a large receptacle into
which is poured the crude and raw
material; heat is applied beneath and
then after a while the finished product
is drawn off from this mechanism
which we call a crucible. And I want
to compare in a few minutes, our
great educational system, to a vast
crucible into which we pour the crude
and raw material of the teachers, the
parents, the taxes, and the text books,
and then at stated intervals, usually
about the middle of June, we draw
off the finished product.
In the great crucible of the manu
facturing plant there are certain tests
which they apply to the product, to
find out how fine it is, and how poor
it is. And I want to apply, if you
will, in a word, Certain tests to the
product of the public schools.
First Test—Service
Now, the first test I will apply, if
you please, is the test of serving,—
serve, s-e-r-v-e. It is pronounced
“serve.” There is a noun derived
from serve, —servant. It is pro
nounced servant. I spell and pro
nounce these words because they seem
now to belong to the dead languages.
They have disappeared from our mod
ern vocabulary. The word servant
went out a few years ago about the
time that woman went out, and man
went out of fashion. You know now,
we are all ladies and “gents.” If I
would rise here and say, “Men and
women” you would say: “There comes
that wild barbarian from the moun
tains of Pennsylvania, and he doesn’t
know any better than to say Men
and Women.” So I must say Ladies
and “Gents,” —Ladies free, and Gents
fifty cents, as you know.
I want to get the old idea of men
and women back, and the idea of
servant back. I want to get the boy
and girl educated at public expense,
to be willing to serve. Let me use
that word in several ways. Let me
say in the first place willing to serve
the state because he is educated at
public expense. I hope that we can
drill that idea into the head of every
boy and girl in every high school, at
least in the state of Minnesota, —
educated at public expense. I would
commend to each one that line from
Othello in which he says “I have done
the state some service.” Why? Be
cause after graduation, only too fre
quently, the young man goes home
and then neglects to serve the state.
You say to him, “Aren’t you the
young man who on graduation day in
the high school, or the graduation day
of the college, read that magnificent
essay on the duties of citizenship?”
And he modestly admits that he was.
And you say to him, “Did you go out
to the election last week?” And he
says, “I forgot all about the election,
I was so busy thinking about the
duties of citizenship.” And you say,
“Did you go out to the primaries held
not long since?” And he says, “No,
I didn’t, the conditions in this town in
which I live are appalling, why
politics are rotten here, they are
filthy, and I am an educated man and
I can’t stoop to soil my fingers with
common politics.”
Prime Duty of Citizenship
Now my friends, I don’t care how
much or how greatly or how expen
sively that young man is educated, I
claim he has not learned the prime
duty of citizenship, which is to serve
the state which educated him.
Or I will take the girl if you
please, she comes back from the high
school or college, and when I say to
her, “You have returned here to your
friends in the community, have you
joined yet this movement of the civic
club for the betterment of the city?
Have you taken any part in the mis
sionary society work?” And she
says, “No.” Why not? “Oh, because
the women that make up these or
ganizations use such English that it
pains my trained and sensitive ear,
they use ungrammatical expressions
and therefore I can take no part, be
cause I am educated.”
I care not my friends, I say again,
how highly she is educated, I claim
she has not yet learned the principle
of serving the state which educated
her.
What should be our relation as
pupils and souls to the community?
They should be practically these
fundamental and essential things that
I am trying to present to you. Let
me use the word “serve” in another
capacity. We have heard a good deal
in recent times about the little brown
men, the Japanese across the sea. We
know that for many years the serv
ants on our men-of-war have largely
made up of Japanese. Why so? Be
cause you cannot get an American to
serve in that menial capacity, he con
siders it beneath his dignity as a
free-born American citizens of the
Republic. And if the newspapers are
to be believed, at the naval maneuvers
not long since, these Japanese serv
ants were taken off of our war ves
sels. Why? Because we learned, it
transpired that after the Russo-
Japanese war, that many of these
servants, these Japanese servants
were really graduates of the naval
and technical schools of Japan, who
had humbled themselves to serve tho
empire by enlisting in the United
States navy in the most menial
capacity. Why? In order that they
might learn how America did things
on board the American men-of-war.
And you know what great imitators
these Japanese are. They learned all
of our tricks, and they took them back
and used them, as the Czar of Russia
found out in the naval battles of the
Russo-Japanese war.
Now, I want my American boy to
be as willing to serve the Republic
of the United States, as the graduate
of a naval or technical school of
Japan is, to serve the emperor of
Japan. I want him to go so far as
>to feel that God made all labor, and
God never made any labor that is
degrading or disgraceful labor, so
long as it is honest labor. (Applause.)
Second Test—Toil
May I apply the second test, in
plain simple language, because there
is not much time these days to cloud
ourselves. I want my boy or girl
educated at public expense to know
how to toil, —t-o-i-1, work, labor, toil.
We often ask ourselves, what made
this American character of ours.
Sometimes we say it was the richness
of its virgin soil; sometimes, the
wealth of mineral treasures hid in
Mother Earth; the wealth of the great
forests. Others say, no it was the
governing impulse, that religious im
pulse that drove people upon the stern
and rockbound coast of New England.
Granting all these, I wish to offer an
other suggestion, namely, that in the
very conquest of the new world, our
forefathers and our foremothers were
compelled to labor, to toil, to endure
privations, and in their labor and their
toil and their tasks, they laid the
foundations of American greatness.
Back there in Illinois, —in Indiana
and Illinois, there was a lad who
danced with his bare feet on the
earthen floors of a cabin. When he
went to bed at night he climbed up
pegs set in the logs of the cabin, and
slept in the loft upon a bed made of
hay and fodder. He endured the toil
and the tasks and the privations and
the hardships of the American pioneer
of that time, and yet my friends, that
very toil and those tasks were fitting
the man for the future toil and the
tasks that he was to perform, they
were making that first great original
American, Abraham Lincoln of
Illinois.
Third T.
Let me make one more test. An
other test is a willingness on the part
of this product that comes out of our
great crucible, —a willingness to obey,
—o-b-e-y. Here, I may get intem
perate. But if you had to put your
finger on the most dangerous spot in
American life today, would you not
say, it was a lack or respect for
authority, a lack of obedience. Should
we train the man of fifty to obey the
law? We need to, but at the same
time we need to train the coming man
to obey, the law. And we are never
going to do it in the schools, my
friend, unless we can have that train
ing in the home also. It is impos
sible. You don’t get this citizen until
he is nearly six years old, so that his
habits are largely formed at that
time, and then you are expected in
one hour out of an average of about
fifteen in the different states, you are
expected between the age of six and
eighteen, in one hour out of an aver
age of fifteen, to reform him and
make him a law-abiding citizen. You
can’t do it. And yet we have got to
dp it. We must do it some way.
We must have more respect for au
thority in the class, in the home, in
the church, and on the street.
A Rebellion With a Vengeance
Let me illustrate once more, I was
passing in the city of Chicago a few
years ago before I removed my re
sidence to Pennsylvania, I was pass
ing a school house on the west side
of town, and a crowd of boys and
girls were marching about the inside
of the school yard, and marching
about the school house yelling, beat
ing on tin pans and boxes, and any
thing to make a noise. I couldn’t
imagine what they were celebrating,
and my curiosity cost me five cents.
I got off at the next corner and went
back, and on the road back I met a
policeman. And I said, “What are
they celebrating over there at the
school?” And he said, “Oh them
kids is on a strike,” The
hadn’t done what they wanted the
teacher to do, and therefore they had
exercised the rights of American
citizenship, E Pluribus Unum, the
Declaration of Independence, Thomas
Jefferson forever.
Your papers last night published a
story which should have been in large
type, double leaded, capital letters,
on the front page, that a hundred
students in one of our western col
leges were threatening to go on a
strike. Oh my friends think of it!
Why the Mexican situation is nothing
compared with that. A hundred stu
dents all about to go on a strike! Oh
my friends! Now that is comical,
but there is another side. Those boys
that were on a strike there in Chi
cago, are to the extent of their num
bers, the future citizens of that great
city of two million pepole, which has
to depend upon its own citizens for its
preservation, and its lawfulness. And
how are they being trained for it? I
ask the question. If we were in a
monarchy, I should not have so much
concern, with a king and a standing
army back of him. But we are in a
republic, and we do not govern by any
higher standard of law and respect
for authority and obedience than the
people themselves constitute. And I
doubt whether we can raise a higher
standard than is shown in the public
schools, and reflected in the homes
also.
Ignorant are Obedient
Why it isn’t any trouble to get the
ignorant man to obey the law. I
saw a policeman on nearly every cor
ner this morning, perhaps they knew
I was coming down here. Besides the
jail, there are many precinct police
stations here that will take care of
the petty criminals, that will take
care of the porch climber, .and that
will take care of the pickpocket. But
our question here in America is to
get the educated man to obey the law,
and not the little fellow, —not the
little fellow away down there, but the
great big man up there, he is the
man you are after.
By and by my friends we are going
to have such an awakening of civic
conscience right here in the United
States that the big man, the educated
man, and I will say even the rich man,
will acknowledge that it is just as
wrong to take a cent each from one
thousand persons, as it is to take ten
dollars from one person, and when
that time comes we shall have a
higher standard of obedience and re
spect for the law.
Now I have made what? I have
made three tests. And let me, be
fore leaving this last test, say that
obedience is a habit. You can’t put
it on and take it off, like you can a
garment. It has got to be by habit.
Now and teaching by par
ables, may I relate an incident? I
want to clinch my proposition that
obedience is a habit. I went to the
Harvard-West Point football game a
few years ago, I hope I won’t for
feit your good will and esteem by say
ing that I patronize the football team
and go to a football game, not that
I care which side wins, unless, of
course, my own college is playing, but
simply I want to see there twenty
two young fellows on the football
teams who are trained to obey; twen
ty-two men, eleven on each side that
must obey. When the captain says
4-11-44, does some fellow say, “Hold
on there don’t you mean 43 Vi ?” Why
they would put him out of the team
immediately, it is 4-11-44, no more
and no less, like the suit of clothes
that cost fifteen dollars. It is exactly
that, and he must obey.
Is Obedience Rare?
Is obedience then so rare ? Why a
few years ago a man wrote a little
pamphlet called, “Carrying a Message
to Garcia.” What was it all about?
Five million copies, it is said, were
sold and given away. What was it all
about? Why, a boy was told to do
something, and he did it. That is all,
he obeyed. He didn’t ask, how, where
to, which Garcia, who is Garcia, which
Garcia, —he went and did it. Five
million copies!
Down here in Missouri a man was
elected prosecuting attorney, that was
all. He did his duty, that was aIL
He obeyed. They came and made him
governor of the state, and came near
making him president of the United
States. Why? Because he obeyed.
Twenty-two fellows who have got
to obey. Now they were lined up
there on that West Point field, and
my sympathies were naturally with
Harvard. But something happened
that day which made me think a little.
With the teams lined up as I have
described them, a thousand eyes
fastened upon these twenty-two
young fellows, standing all tense, and
strained, ready to begin rile fray, their
muscles standing out like gladiators
of the olden times, thrir faeis bearing
almost a human expression, ready to
leap upon each other, and when the
referee called out, “Are you ready
Harvard?” And the Harvard captain
called back, “Let her go.” Then he
called “Are you ready West Point?”
And across that field, in the crisp
November air, there came the sharp
reply, the obedient reply, the gentle
manly reply of the West Point cap
tain, “We are, sir.”
Now think of that West Point cap
tain, put yourself in his place. Here
was the last game he would ever play
for the, old academy; perhaps his best
girl was over there on the bleachers,
and he had to win that game. And
yet, in the midst of all that excite
ment, ready to begin that play, the
training and habit of years, four
years of constant effort and practice
in obedience came to his rescue, —
“Are you ready West Point?” “We
are, sir.” “Are you ready Harvard?”
“Let her go.”
Old Bill Anthony
You see the point? Let me il
lustrate once more now in order to
drive my theory home. Take the time
the Maine was destroyed down in
Havana harbor, over 25 years'ago.
Old Bill Anthony, a drunken old
sailor, was on watch, and he finally
committed suicide, apparently of no
use to his Maker or himself. And
yet when the Maine was blown up,
old Bill Anthony made his way for
ward through all the shrieks and the
groans of the dying, to the command
ing officer, and clicking his heels to
gether as he was trained by habit to
do, he saluted and said, “I have to
report sir that the vessel is blown up
and is sinking.” Now think how
many years it took to train that
ignorant uneducated seaman in the
habit of obedience. But he never for
got,—“l have to report sir that the
vessel is blown up and is sinking.”
Do I not establish my theory that
obedience is a habit, which we must
qualify in day after day, in the
schools and the home and other places,
and that in order that it may be
thoroughly inculcated and be ready
to be used in an emergency, it must
be the product of habit.
Now let me recapitulate why I have
made only three points. I asked for
only three tests. I ask that first, that
this product that comes out of our
great crucible shall know how to
serve; and second shall be willing to
toil; and third, shall know how to
obey. I don’t say these elements are
wanting, far from it. I am not a
pessimist. But I say, however, good
the conditions are as to these three
points, we can improve upon them.
How Shall We Get These Points
Now how shall we get these points ?
From a text book ? Why a few years
ago we tried that you know. We
tried to teach ethics, as we called it,
which is simply the basis of char
acter making. We tried that by text
book, and it was interesting. You re
member how the text book was made
up. There were little stories in there
intended to inculcate high principles.
There was one story of Jack and Al
phonso. They were sent out from the
school house to bring a pail of water
to school, and they took a pole and
carried the pail upon the pole. And
when they started back with the
bucket full of water, this naughty
Jack persuaded Alphonso to go on
ahead and look at the scenery and
landscape, and he pushed the bucket
over toward Alphonso’s end of the
pole so that by the time they reached
the school house, Alphonso was carry
ing all of the pail of water, and Jack
had only the stick in the other hand,
—the stick at the other end. Now
what should every school boy have
felt on reading that story? Why he
should have felt a righteous indigna
tion arising within him, against that
mean and cruel Jack. That is the
natural school boy, the natural boy.
Of course the natural boy says,
“Mother may I go to school with
brother Jack today, the day is bright
and very cool, and oh mother say that
I may!” Yes, that is the average boy
as you and I know him.
Now what did every boy that read
that story really think. Of course I
didn’t examine them, but I honestly
believe that most of the boys at least
thought what an eternal ass Alphonso
was to let Jack play that trick on him.
I doubt whether you can get it out
of text books. Or should we get these
principles of character out of some
kind of a theory, for instance the
theory of moral suasion? I don’t
know how strong you are in Minne
sota on the theory of moral suasion.
Moral suasion is based Upon the story
that once upon a time there was a
boy who thought his name was “Don’t
Johnny.” All day long he didn’t hear
anything but “Don’t Johnny,” until
he thought that was his name. Jacob
Riis, as you know, has a splendid il
lustration along tins line. He tells of
a boy who thought his name was
“Mike go wash,” because that is all
he hoard all day long. Now I admit,
that than is entirely too much, at
the home, and in the schools, of nag
ging, this constant reiterating and
commanding to do so and so and so,
but I will leave with you the proposi
tion whether it is better on the one
hand to have “Mike go wash,” or to
swing to the other extreme, and have,
“Mike never wash.”
Moral suasion, perhaps, is the
proper thing to do. I know of one of
your moral suasion schools where a
little girl went for the first time, and
came home with one of her teeth
missing in front. Her father ques
tioned her about it, and she said the
little boy sitting in the front of her
reached around and struck her in the
mouth, knocking the tooth out. It
wasn’t serious at all, for you know
of course that another tooth would
grow there in time. And the father
said, “What did the teacher say to
that boy?” Why what would a
teacher say to that boy? The little
girl said, “The teacher said, *Little
boy, do you consider that a social
action ?\”
What is the natural result? My
friends, let us be honest. What is the
natural result? That little boy is
growing up to be a man. Do you per
ceive the psychology of it? There
first is the percept of-the tooth. Then
there is the concept, followed by the
execution. That is beautiful, accord
ing to pedagogical theory. The boy
goes out Into the street, and he sees
a tooth, and then he thinks of his
psychology again, and he knocks the
tooth out. But by that time, perhaps
a policeman will come along and he
uses moral suasion of a different kind.
The policeman says you have commit
ted a crime as old as Cain and Abel,
and you will have to suffer for it.
A Country Teacher Came
Now a teacher came from the
country to the city to see what there
was in these moral suasion schools.
When she reached the school house,
she had a program of the day, but
she had no watch. In fact, she was
about fifty years young in the teach
ing profession, and I believe I am safe
in saying that she had taught too
long to own a watch. She found a
boy out in the hallway. What was
that boy doing out there? He was
out there playing, playing on the win
dow glass, the window pane. Why?
Because the teacher didn’t make it at
tractive enough for him in the school
room, to keep him there. She had no
right to tell him, command him to
stay there. So he chose to go out and
play in the hallway. That is the ab
normal boy. The normal boy of
course would prefer to stay in the
room and to study, and to do his work,
with his dear beloved teacher. The
abnormal boy was out in the hallway.
This teacher said, “Son, what time is
it?” What did he answer? Mark
you well the results of this moral sua
sion! See what originality! What a
beautiful thought it is, that comes
from his ruby lips and pearly teeth.
Out from those ruby lips and pearly
teeth came that beautiful original
sentence in answer to this gray haired
teacher, he said, “The same time that
it was this time yesterday.” Oh
beautiful respect and originality, you
see! But what about the teacher?
She didn’t know much about moral
suasion, but she knew a great deal
about what we call discipline. And
she gazed on that lad with an eye that
pierced him through and through, an
eye that had quelled a thousand in
cipient rebellions, and warded off ten
thousand strikes in her day, and she
said to him, “Son, you go in there
and ask your teacher what time it is,
and you come out here and tell me.”
Oh what a sad blow! Why my
friends, that delicate little creature,
that boy, had never known a harsher
tone than a flute note before that
time. Now he has gone inside. He
was told to do something and he did
it. There was just enough of the in
stinct of obedience in him, inherited
from his ancestors perhaps, to cause
him to obey. He did go in and find
what time it was. Whether he sur
vived or not, I am not prepared to say.
\ *
Application BlanK
I am a “Native Born" American Citisen, bavins the beet intereeta of jour Community,
City, State and Nation at heart, owing no allegiance to any foreign government, political
party, aect, creed or ruler, and engaged In a legitimate occupation, and believe la i—via.
BEAL MEN whoee oatha are involate are needed.
The Tenant* of the Christian Religion. American Labor.
White Supremacy. Preventing the causes of mob violence
Protection of our pure womanhood. and lynehings.
Closer relationship of Pure Americanism. Preventing unwarranted strikes by tor*
The upholding of the Constitution of the sign labor agitators.
United States. Prevention of fires and destruction of
The Sovereignty of our State Rights. property by lawless elements.
The Separation of Church and State. The limitation of foreign immigration.
Freedom of Bpeech and Prom. The much needed local reforms.
Closer Relationship between Capital and Law and Order.
Upon the beliefs and the recommendation of your friends you will be given an oppor
tunity to become a member of the most powerful secret, non-political organisation in
existence, one that has the “Most Sublime Lineage in History." one that was “Here
Yesterday," “Here Today," “Here Forever."
Name
0
Occupation
Address
N P. 0. BOX 172, ST. PAUL, MINN.
OBJECTS OF THE
OF THE KU KLUX KLAN
To bring together the patriotic,
Protestant women of America for the
purpose of preserving those ideals
and institutions established by our
Anglo-Saxon fathers, thus securing
the sacred rights of civil- and re
ligious liberty to all honest citizens
irrespective of race, religion or color.
To cleanse and purify the civil, po
litical and ecclesii stical atmosphere
of our country, too long befogged by
the erroneous teachings of alien mi
norities acting under the direction of
their old world masters.
To provide a common meeting
ground for American Protestant
women who are willing to co-operate
in bringing about better conditions
in the home, the church and social
circles.
To encourage and assist all Prot
estant women in the study of prac
tical politics and the use of the bal
lot jn the advancement of the best
interests of our God-given nation.
To advocate the use of the Eng
lish language in all institutions, pub
lic and private, whenever possible, as
the best means of inculcating a defi
nite knowledge of American ideals,
and as an impartial test of the good
intentions of all prospective citizens.
To teach an unqualified allegiance
to the American government, its con
stitution and flag, and to advocate
the importance of such wholesome
teaching in all public and private
schools as well as in the church and
homes of the people.
To scrutinize with impartiality the
platforms of political parties, and the
declared principles of all fraternal
and civic societies, with the desire
and determination to strenuously op
pose any effort upon the part of any
churcfi, political party, organization
or individual attempting to encroach
upon the sacred right of free speech,
free press, public schools and the dis
semination of the truth contained in
the “Protestant” Bible.
To affirm our faith in the Bible of
the Pilgrim fathers, of Washington,
Lincoln, Garfield, and other great
Protestant leaders who recognized
this Bible as the foundation of our
government, and warn
ed our people of the Old World sys
tems whose advocates would seek to
discredit it.
To advocate the return of the Bible
KLAN FUNERAL RITE
Washington, D. C. —The Ku Klux
Klan here paid tribute to a departed
Klansman last week, when they at
tended the funeral service of Robert
B. Young, Mas**? and Klansman. Aft
er services conducted by
Harmony
of the Ku Klux Klan left their ma
chines, walked to the grave, and,
kneeling, made a silent prayer. Then
arising, they repeated aloud the
Lord’s prayer.
KLAN KINDNESS
Davenport Center, N. Y.—Will’am
Woolheater, father of seven children
and sole support of an aged mother,
was the victim of an accident during
a baseball game some weeks ago in
which one of his legs was broken in
two places. A man unknown to him
visited his home last week and de
l‘vered an envelope to him contain
ing a large sum of money and a letter
from the Eu Klux Elan. The money
was to help him during the time he
was forced to be out of work. Some
time ago a purse was raised for him
among the citizens of the village.
WOMEN
to the American public schools as a
remedy for the imported evils which
threaten the moral life of our nation.
To advocate such stringent immi
gration laws as will prevent the
landing upon our shores of all unde
sirable aliens who are unable to dem
onstrate their ability and willingness
to speak the English language, ab
sorb the Anglo-Saxon ideals upon
which our government is founded,
and live according to the standards
of the white race.
The Woman’s Organization will
ever advocate a Christian tolerance
in all matters of religious or political
opinions, and will seek to protect the
constitutional rights of all American
citizens, but they will strenuously op
pose the efforts of certain groups in
this country who teach the danger
ous doctrine of social equality of all
races.
We believe Almighty God has fixed
an impassable barrier to the inter
marriage of the White race with the
Black, Yellow, Brown and other col
ored races of the earth and we will
not only seek to protect our sons
and daughters from such unholy alli
ances. but will ever advise marriage
between members of the same race.
To encourage a study by Prot
estant wives, mothers and daughters
of vital questions affecting the hap
piness of the home, and the welfare
of the state, to the end that an in
telligent co-operation may be effected
with any and all Proestant organiza
tions working for the protection of
the American home, and the honor of
American womanhood.
To bring about a recognition of the
Bible as the one sure foundation of
true Americanism, revealing the com
plete plan of the ages in which the
origin, history and destiny of our
race plays an important part.
To assist in harmonizing the vari
ous groups represented in our na
tional life, and to make America so
intensely American that no room will
be left for un-American ideals, re
ligious or political.
If you believe in these Christian,
patriotic principles do not fear to
discuss them with real Americans.
Your sincere desire for unselfish
service will bring further informa
tion concerning this organization.
Write Box 172, St. Paul, Minn.
ROMANTIC DREAM GONE
Holton, Kans.—A reporter of a
newspaper of Holton last week was
given the privilege of witnessing a Ku
Klux Klan initation and meeting.
After the close of the ceremony he
returned to his office and as a part
of his report of the affair said: “Gone
are the romantic dreams of the Ku
Klux Klan as portrayed by Dixon and
other realistic writers. Any part of
the lecture I heard could have been
given from the courthouse step with
out offending anyone.”
WASHINGTON KLAN GROWS
Capital City Elan, Olympia, Realm
of Washington, has concluded several
public meetings which were featured
with addresses on Americanism which
have materially increased its member
ship.
KLANSMEN PARADE
El Dorado Elan Number 92, Realm
of Arkansas, led by three mounted
Elansmen and a bugler sounding “The
Call of the Elan,” paraded in their
home city before thousands of spec
tators last week.