THE CALL of the NORTH
to published mr Friday by ths Call of th* North Pnbltohiac Co.. 8«. Panl. Mtaasaota.
and will stand for Aassricaa institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or faror.
Edited, not to make op people's minds, bal to shako up people’s minds; to help
mold active pnblie opinion which will make America a proper pises to live in.
News of truth kills moo* false nows and shrivels op more “bonk" than all ths earnest
armments in the world. ’Froth helps to clarify opinions oa serious questions ly serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the droes from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, I I I I I ' I I Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER. D. 57. - I I I Associate Editor
" ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - • - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and addrese all inquiries -to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH. Post
Office Box 172. St Paul. Minnesota.
ZANGWILL AND THE PAPAL-JEWISH ENTENTE
An Editorial From The Tri-State American.
The visit of Israel Zangwill to this country, and his pronouncements
upon the problems of Jewish national existence, have again brought con
spicuously to the fore the Jewish attitude toward the Klan.
_ln a recent address at Carnegie Hall in New York city, he said: “Your
Ku Klux Klan has not yet arrived at full European blood-thirstiness, but its
falsification of American history (!) and its bigoted campaign, menace the
America of Washington and Lincoln with a reversion to the mediaevalism
v/fcich Europe has never really shaken off. * * * You must fight tnis
grotesque Klan, not because it is a menace to Jews, but because it.
menace to America. You must fight it by all moral weapons, not so much
because of impugned Judaism, BUT BECAUSE OF ITS INSULTS TO THE
CATHOLIC CHURCH, WHICH, WHEN ALL IS SAID, HAS TO ITS
CREDIT MORE NOBLE AND BEAUTIFUL ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE
HUMAN SPIRIT THAN ANYTHING THE KLAN CAN BOAST OF.”
This eulogy of Papal religio-political despotism from such a source is
staggering. Amazing likewise is the expressed concern for the falsification
of American history in comparison with such colossal indifference to the
record of Europe in Papal dealings with the Jew. Why does Zangwill de
liberately choose to ignore the lesson of the Inquisition, and apparently
efface from his memory the long train of pogroms, torture, and death mark
ing the animals of the Ghetto concerning which he once wrote so forcefully!
Such gross ingratitude, and repudiation of Anglo-Saxon hospitality
which accorded the Jew a haven from the horrors of his situation abroad,
lifting him from the degradation of the serf to a participation in the un
equalled opportunities of English-speaking lands, gain for him no confi
dence here, nor any promise of a starry crown hereafter.
Over and over it has been explained that the Klan never contemplated
a fight upon the Jew. It has been repeatedly emphasized that the Klan, as
a Christian organization, with Christian ceremonials, symbols, and ritual,
claiming as its chief cornerstone the living Christ, could have no appeal to
the Jews, but the explanation is rudely rejected.
However, this entente cordiale between Rome and Judea has not been
brought about by the Klan—it has been developing for many years. And
the Papal fellowship, which has marked Jewish affiliations, is a matter of
speculation among Jewry’s best friends.
In the official organ of the Scottish Rite, “The New Age,” issues of
Apriy and May, 1921, appeared two article by J. W. Norwood, 32°, along
these lines, in one of which he said: “For there is another thing which has
puzzled many. JEWS HAVE SO OFTEN MADE COMMON CAUSE WITH
THE ROMANISTS IN PUTTING SOMETHING OVER ON AMERICA,
such as the censorship- bills attempted in Congress, that we have often
wondered which was fooling which.”
So great a proportion of Klan membership is Masonic that resentment
toward such an unjust attitude of those bound by fraternal tie and sacred
obligation assumed at the same altar, is but naural. Masonic connections
have done more toward advancing the interests of the individual Jew than
any other one agency in this country, and truly it might be exceeding well
for -Masonic Jews to give this fact somewhat more than a passing thought.
But let not Zangwill toss restlessly upon his pillow lest his people fail
to accord the Papal machine every tender consideration. The record is open
and notorious; not Henry Ford data, nor garnered from gloomy tales of
Zion’s Elders, but facts appearing in press and periodical which he who
runs may read, and from which he may draw his own conclusions. To illus
trate: In January last, 500 delegates of the Knights of Columbus held a
meeting at the Hotel Astor in New York city, and voted to join with Jewish
organizations in fighting the Klan.
The Grand Master of B’rith Abraham announced at a recent convention
that Jews were proud to join with their “Catholic brethren” in making war
on an American order. During the Michigan school amendment fight, Bishop
Michael Gallagher, evidencing supreme confidence in Jewish friendship,
appeared before the B’nai B’rith, asking that body to vote with the Papists
against the amendment. A Jewish delegate thereupon arose, and suggested
that, in exchange for their 50,000 votes, the Bishop should use his influence
to stop Polish pogroms. There was evidently no doubt in the minds of
those Jews where the responsibility for the pogroms lay, nor did they fail
to recognize the necessity for a neat bargain!
In the last convention of the B’nai B'rith at Saratoga, 200 delegates
greeted with uproarious shouts the Catholic A 1 Smith, present “wet” Gov
ernor of New York, hailing him as “out next President;” and now Jews
have joined a fraternal organization with Catholics and Negroes to fight
the Klan and its large percentage of Masonic members.
The attitude of American Jews upon the question of immigration has,
more than any other one thing, Americanism under suspicion. In
all their conventions they have gone on record as opposing restricted im
migration, and have even called upon Congress to change the present reg
ulations for their benefit, declaring the 3 per cent quota law to be “unfair
and un-American.” The American Jewish Congress in its last week’s ses
sion, took up this immigration question with President Coolidge.
Just here an illustration: You adopt as a member of your family a
youth who comes from poverty, persecution, - and wretchedness. His re
ligion is Mohammedan, and he is accorded every family privilege, and the
right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, but
the house which you have builded, and the family you have founded, con
tinue with their own religion and customs.
Gradually, as the memories of past horrors grow dim, the Mohamme
dan presumes to demand that the whole machinery of family life and gov
ernment shall be changed to conform with his ideas. He must hear no
mention of the Christ in prayer; the Koran is supreme authority; even the
family diet must be made conformable to the schedule of his feasts and
fasts; and, should his benefactor desire guests, they must be Oriental
Mohammedans. •
This is the precise attitude of Jewry today, with a never-ending plea
for special privilege.
The man always looking for and anticipating slights and unkindness is
tacitly admitting inferiority; and the attitude is ever
that of the underling. So if, after all these yearg of American good will
and opporunity, the Jew still deems himself persecuted, let him turn his
gaze inward, and scan the hidden recesses of his own heart, for it cannot
be that he has been unfailingly right, and all the nations of the earth wrong.
And then, having searched, if he discover naught of elemental weak
ness within his own spiritual fibre, and still lays blame for every mischance
upon outside causes, there are lands beyond the sea where the inestimable
privileges of Papal rule and customs may be enjoyed, and, at any time, he
may shake off the contamination of American dust and American dollars,
and fare forth.
For be it known to. all those who cannot hereafter assimilate American
ideals, forgetting the group spirit, and joining heart and soul with the soul
of America, that the hour has struck upon the dial plate of time when they
may no longer look to the ruling and regulating of Anglo-Saxon America,
for the sceptre shall depart from Judah, and the reins of power fall from
the palsied fingers of ecclesiastical and political aliens.
CLAIRE C. WARD.
' —K-K-K ,
The editorials in the St. James “Independent” read as if they are writ
ten on the cash register of the “Boston” hotel by the night “cop.”
-K-K
Has anybody ever seen the American flag “fly” from the parochial
school at St. James? This query will make “The Call of the NortF* obnox
ious to Father Meyers and his people. We should worry like a rosary-bead
, and get strung.
Ola Levang of Lanesboro is against the-Ku Klux Klan. A strong Klan
membership in Lanesboro is therefore assured.
-K-K
The way some Protestants squirm when called to take an open stand
for the public school and against the foreign school, you’d think they were
suffering from a complication of St. dance and rheumatism.
HOW IT FEELS TO
BE A KLANSMAN
v (Contributed) .
I Junto heard the quatte, “H am"
does it feel to be • Klaaimen?” I
am a Klansmen and I*ll tell you.
About a year ago the writer filled'
out an application, paid his ten dol
lars, and was duly initiated as a
member of the Ku Khix Klan. This
event in. his life was consummated
in the epirit of “let’s see what it’s
like.” The basic traits of the writ
er’s character have always been fair
and square. Slowly, through neglect
and inattention the moeal fibre weak
ened. Profanity crept into his vo
cabularly. Occasional booue parties
were boasted of. A general loosen
ing of dignity was rapidly gaining in
momentum.
After hia initiation into the Klan
he attended the meetings. The
teachings of the Ku Klux Klan were
being instilled into his mind deeper
and deeper. The eloquent speakers,
men of the gospel, and men of the
world, held his attention. The bright,
intelligent, fearless faces of the mem
bers held his respect. He began to
see where his failings were. The
moral force of association with men
of such high calibre began to react
on his own character. Right there
he got a grip on himself. He be
gan to think. Association with such
men demanded the best he had. Now
he understood what the Klan stands
for. America for Americans; real
Americans, men of character, men. of
worth; men who will fight for the
right. Now he knew why the fierce
attacks being directed at the Klan
fell like the water poured on the back
of a duck. The men who compose
the Klan are righteous men. They
have set such an exalted ideal for
themselves that the very attempt to
live up to it purifies and srengthens
them. To think that such men go
out in the dead of night, masked, to
commit an outrage is absurd.
Being a member of the Ku Klux
Klan for one year has had a wonder
ful effect on the writer. It will on
any man. The educational, inspira
tional teachings cannot help but
make you a better man. If you are
eligible, and consider the ten dollar
fee in the light of an investment, for
God’s sake, man, make that invest
ment. The returns will outshine any
investment you have ever made or
ever will make.
The writer attended the open air
ceremonial on September 29. There,
amongst hundreds of his brother
Klansmen, he saw the great fiery
cross. The spirit of the organiza
tion was upon him. He knows what
the fiery cross stands for. To real
ize that all these men are brave men,
men of character, men who know they
are in the right and are militant
enough to fight for their rights; to
know that these men are with you,
and to know that you have both feet
on the ground standing four-square
with them— ,
THAT’S HOW IT FEELS TO BE
A KLANSMAN.
KELLOGG’S FORMER
POLITICAL FOES TO
FIGHT APPOINTMENT
—K-K-K
Opposition to Have No Effect, Say
Friends of New Envoy to
Britain
La Follette Expected to Lead Attack
Against Confirmation by Senate
—K-K-K
While Frank Q. Kellogg, former
United States senator from Minn
esota, was being deluged Saturday by
telegrams congratulating him on his
appointment as ambassador to Great
Britain, the former political oppon
ents of Mr. Kellogg were announc
ing their intention to fight United
States confirmation of the appoint
ment.
No official announcement of the ap
pointment has been made by the state
department, but information at Wash
ington is that it will be made early
this week. It is expected that Mr.
Kellogg will close up his business af
fairs quickly and sail for London to
assume the vacant post. Congress
will not meet until December 3. The
threatened fight on confirmation is
termed by Mr. Kellogg’s friends as a
“gesture” which will have no effect
except to provide political capital.
La Follette Expected to Lead Fight
Sertetor Robert M. La Follette, who
came into Minnesota, last fall and in
dulged in bitter personal denuncia
tion of Mr. KeHogg, is expected to
lead the fight against confirmation.
Senators Magnus Johnson of Minn
esota, Lynn J. Frazier of North Da
kota and B. K. Wheeler of Montana
announced their opposition yesterday.
Senator Henrik Shipstead, who de
feated Mr. Kellogg in 1922, is up at
the lakes hunting ducks and will not
return to civilisation for seme days.
“I do not approve of Kellogg's ap
pointment,” said Senator Magnus
Johnson. “It is in line, however,
with the appointment of Pierce Butler
as justice of the United States su
preme court and John F. McGee as
judge of federal district court. Big
business gets its man across. Common
folks will find it no more satisfying
than the appointment of Butler or
THE CAM. OP THX SOW
URGES FEBERAi
SCHOOL CONTROL
<i-K-K-K
Reynold E. Might Telia Masons Illi
teracy Men sea the Nation.
—K4C-K—tv -h
' Declaring that illiteracy is a na
tional menace, Reynold E. Blight in
an address before the Supreme Coun
cil, 338 Scottish Rite, advooated better
pay for school teachers, federal su
pervision through a federal depart
ment of education, with a secretary
in the President’s cabinet, and a vig
orous educational program, as a
means of bettering conditions. Ex
tracts from hit speech follow:
“Education is the most important
question now-ftemanding the attention
of the American people. Leave the
people in ignorance, superstition, and
economic thraldom and the nation
trembles on the brink of an abyss.
“Careful surveys made by compe
tent investigators show that there are
approximately 20,000,000 illiterates
and near illiterates in this country.
“The problem of immigration • is
closely related to the problem of illi
teracy.
Better Pay For Teachers
“The most serious reflections arise
when we consider the situation from
the standpoint of citizenship and the
effect upon the well-being of the com
monwealth.
“Ten per cent of all children be
tween the ages of 7 and 13 years do
not go to school at all. In some states
as high as 20 per cent of the child
ren are not in school.
“The standards of the teaching pro
fession must be elevated. ‘Fifty-four
per cent of the nation’s teachers have
less training than normal school grad
uation. School teachers must receive
salaries more nearly equal to the val
ue of the service rendered.
“Child-labor conditions deprive vast
numbers of our children from having
even a common school education.
There aTe over 1,000,000 boys and
girls between 10 and 15 years of age
engaged in labor that utterly pre
vents school attendance. In 37 states
a child may be legally employed be
fore he has completed a common
school education.
Urges Federal Action
“Millions of foreign-bom residents,
most of whom are now or will soon
be citizens, are virtually illiterate.
Only a vigorous educational program
can meet this perilous situation.
“Obviously it is a national problem
and can be met successfully only by
a federal approach. Educators are
unanimously agreed that education
must no longer he treated as a local, a
sectional, or even a state problem.
Illiteracy is d national menace. It is
a disease that insidiously attacks the
vital organs and through them de
stroys the entire organism.
“Certain educational activities are
properly matters of state attention,
but there is a growing belief that the
education problem can be satisfactor
ily attacked only through the func
tioning of a federal department of
education with a secretary in the
President’s cabinet.
McGee.
Frazier to Oppose
“It is a curious fact that the ad
ministration should see fit to name to
this important post a man who a
year ago was repudiated by his own
state as unfit to serve as their rep
resentative in the United States sen
ate. Last November Kellogg receiv
ed little more than a third of the to
tal vote. He now is given one of
the most important positions in the
country. We need an ambassador to
Great Britain a man who understands
and represents the progressive senti
ment of the country. It is illogical
to have an extremely conservative
representative while the country is
extremely progressive. I believe a
change can best be effected by farm
ers, workers and small business men
getting together in a political move
ment of their own.”
Senator Frazier announced that he
would oppose confirmation. “This ap
pointment won’t strengthen the ad
ministration any in the northwest,”
he said. /
Senator Wheeler of Montana gave out
a statement in Washington.
“This appointment will prove to the
country, and especially to the west,”
he said, “that President Coolidge is
not going to co-operate -with pro
gressives, but is determined to pick
up dead timber and place defeated
reactionaries in places of power and
honor. Kellogg in the west is re
garded as ar reactionary of reaction
aries and his appointment will have a
harmful effect on political fortunes
of the administration in the north
west. I expect to see a fight made
against his confirmation in the senate
and to participate in it”
Mr. Kellogg is flooded with the tele
grams and letters of congratulation,
but has had no notice of his appoint
ment yet He is not replying to any
of the messages.
“I have not been notified of such an
appointment,” he said, “and can say
nothing about it” The messages to
him have come from men of all poli
tical faiths.
■K-K-K
The Declaration of Independence is
the grandest, the bravest and the
profoundest political document that
was ever signed by the representa
tives of the people.”—lngersoll.
“THE KU KLBX KLAN
WILL NEVER DIE”
“The HtfKlux Eta* will die only
when th* mn ceaaaa to ahine. An
pcder couwwrated to the things the
Sian stands lor is not dMftinart to
die. If our critics will keep up their
unjust stacks, we will soon have
15,000,000 members. The Elan
stands for supremacy of the white
race. When I eay that Ido not nec
essarily refer to the Negro of to any
possibility of amalgamation with
that race. I refer to the mongrel
hordes of Europe, those men from
Southern and Southeastern Europe—
already a menace in Milwaukee and
other Northern and Eastern cities—
who have been allowed to flock into
this country and who seek to marry
our children.
“Jack Walton of Oklahoma is fin
ished. I tell you that when the leg
islature of that state meets—and it
will meet—Walton will be impeached
on charges that even the newspapers
will have to print and they will have
no connection with the Elan, either.
Walton wanted to get in the Elan.
He wanted to use the Klaii. When
I was in Oklahoma on official busi
ness I was taken to Walton’s office
and introduced to him. He told me
that conditions in a certain county
were snch that he wanted the Elan
to straighten them out. I told him
the
Klan would never set itself above
legally constituted authority, that if
the sheriff of that county could not
clean up things and wanted to swear
in Klansmen to help him, they were
ready and willing to do their duty as
citizens. But Walton' did not want
to do things in an orderly and legal
way.
“Then there is John M. Parker of
Louisiana. You remember what he
tried to do there. He is done for.
He dug his own grave. And Thomas
Hardwick of Georgia. He solicited
the support of the Klai* and when he
didn’t get it, he called them a bunch
of outlaws. He is through. And
Gov. Henry Allen of Kansas. He
said the Klan would not be permitted
to enter Kansas. Well, two of the
largest Klans in the country are in
Topeka, the capital, anil in Wichita,
Allen’s home town —and Allen is a
dead duck politically.
“So it goes. When *will you peo
ple in Wisconsin learn to send up
standing men to congress? Milwau
kee should have a Klan 40,000 strong.
There should be 200,000 Klansmen in
Wisconsin. Racine should have 16,-
000 members. (A voice interrupted
the speaker here to say: ‘We’ll soon
have them.’) Our enemies say that
we defy the law. Anyone who says
that—Victor Berger or anyone else—
is not telling the truth and 1 am
compelled to say to them that they
lie. I do not say that individual
Klansmen do not commit crimes. So
do individual ministers, individual
Masons, Oddfellows, men of all
classes. A man told me that he had
heard in New York from a man who
came from Louisville that this man’s
brother-in-law had heard from his
uncle’s first cousin that a K. C. was
once arrested for crime.
“They point to the robes and hoods
and say, ‘See, they hide their faces.
Did any of you fellows ever take Ma
sonic work?’ There was a moment’s
silence and then a voice said: ‘I
have.’ ‘Any Oddfellows?’ ‘Yes,’
shouted a .number of voices. ‘Any
Knights of Pythias?' ‘Yes, yes,’ a
greater number shouted. ‘Well,’ con
tinued the speaker, ‘you know how
the work in secret orders is given.
The reason that Klansmen wear
masks is simply this: As each can
didate progresses through the ritual,
he is asked seven times whether he
wishes to retire before receiving ad
ditional obligations. Should he ac
cept this offer, he leaves the Klavenr
without knowing the names or faces
of the men who are there. This is
done for the reason that Klansmen
have to live and we know that jobs
will be lost and business boycotted
unless we preserve the secret of
identity.
“We have no quarrel with any man
because of his religion. We do not
care how a man worships God. But
the Elan stands for Militant Pro
testantism. We do not propose to let
the Catholics obtain control of this
government and l destroy the princi
ples upon which it was founded.
Don't let them tell you that Klans
men, the finest specimens of Ameri
can manhood to be found anywhere,
are not followers of the law. Why,
in reading of the arrests of the beer
runners in Chicago the other day I
noticed that about every name of
those arrested ended with 'ski* and
those that did not'ended with ‘stein.’
There wasn’t a Johnson among
them.”
-K-K
Come ye after me, and I will make
you to become fishers of men.—Mark
Is 17.
-K-K
If any man would come after me,
let him deny himself and take up his
cross daily, and follow me.—Luke
9:23.
-K-K
“All that our fathers wrought,
With true prophetic thought,
Musi be defended.”
-K-K
“One God, one country, one destiny.
This is the gospel of American nation
ality.”—Wendell Phillip*. .
WHAT TO KU KLUX KLAN
NAS ACCOMPLISHED
Among Other Things It Has Done More to
Unify Protestantism Than Any Other
Organization In History.
-K-K
Seven years ago, on a black Thank
sgiving night, sixteen men traveled to
Stone Mountain, Ga., made their way
up its steep and forbidding trail in
the face of a driving storm. Each of
these men on nearing the crest,
gathered a granite boulder, and on
the summit of this historic landmark
these boulders were built into an altar,
over that altar was spread the Ameri
can flag, and illuminating the scene,
for the first time since Reconstruction
days, was the light of the fiery cross.
From this historic spot, these six
teen men sounded forth a call to
every patriot in this land of ours to
rally to the defense of American
ideals, institutions and laws.
From just sixteen men, seven years
ago, the Invisible Empire Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan, has grown with
3uch amazing rapidity that its num
bers are counted today, not in the
hundreds, nor in the thousands, but
in the MILLIONS. It has extended
its organization into every state of
the Union, and into the remotest sec
tion of every state. The Fiery Cross
glows nightly, in hundreds of great
open-air “naturalization,” from the
pine forests of Maine to the fruit
lands of sunny California; and from
the prairies of Illinois and Wiscon
sin to the cotton fields of Texas and
Georgia.
After seven years of growth, in the
face of the bitteest opposition- and
persecution, it might be well to pause
for a moment and inquire: What has
the Klan accomplished? What are its
achievements, if any, during this pre
liminary stage of recruiting which is,
in itself, merely in its beginning? In
reply to these questions, we contend
that the Klan has accomplished the
following things:
1. It has unified and solidified
Protestantism. It must be admitted
that the Protestans for many years
past have been so hopelessly divided
over dogmas and matters of theolog
ical speculation that they have been
unable to make any progress in the
way of propagating the ideals and
institutions of Protestant Christian
ity. During all these years, while
the Roman Catholic church has oper
ated through her Knights of Colum
bus and Jesuitical party, Protestant
churches have had no organization
through which the ideals of Protes
tantism might be perpetuated and
woven into the political fabric of the
American republic. Every Protestant
body has been “going it alone.” Since
the advent of the Ku Klux Klan this
condition has changed. Protestants
of all communions are finding in tfiis
great institution a clearing house,
through which they find themselves
able to make progress in common
paths and to defeat the schemes of
thqir common enemies, without any
sacrifices of Scriptural convictions.
They are feeling the spirit of unity,
fellowship and brotherhood as never
before. We claim that the Ku Klux
Klan has done more to unify Protes
tantism than any organization known
to modern history. In this respect
alone, the work of the Klan has been
little short of providential.
2. It has instituted a national re
formation in politics. It has already
dumped many a demagogue into the
mire of oblivion and bids fair to con
sign many more to the same fate in
the next few years. For example,
Governor Oloott of Oregon was one
of the first to come out against the
Klan and its platform. He went down
in defeat. Governor Allen was the
next to be fooled into thinking it good
politics to oppose the Klan. Needless
to say his ca'ndidate for the governor
ship was defeated, and Jonathan
Davis was elected. So far as Allen’s
presidential aspirations are concerned,
his name might just as well be
changed to “Dennis.” About all that
remains to be done for poor old Parker
is to call in the undertaker to em
balm his political ambition and lay it
away to rest. And even “Al” Smith
is beginning to see breakers ahead.
Tom Taggart refuses to endorse
Smith for the presidency. Why?
Tom Taggart knows that nine out of
every thirteen men in Indiana belong
to the Ku Klux Klan. He knows, too,
that the Klan is sweeping Ohio, Illi
nois, and Pennsylvania; and that
Smith's chances for carrying these
pivotal states are nil. Then there is
another phase of this proposed can
didacy of Al Smith—via., if Smith
should be nominated on the Democrat
ticket, there is a great possibility
that the solid Sooth would go Repub
lican for the first time since the Civil
War. In view of these conditions,
New York’s Tammany Hall Roman
Catholic governor has little prospect
of ever “making the hill.” last
to enter the arena against the Klan
is Governor Walton of Oklahoma,
who, it is said on reliable authority,
applied at one time for citisenship in
the Invisible Empire, but failed to ob
tain it, due to the Klan’* prejudice
against professional politicians. Wal
ton would do well, no doubt, to profit
by the example of Olcott and Allen;
and such men as “Nat” Goldstein and
Harry Hawes, et al., would likely be
benefited, in the long run, by doing
the same thing. The Klan has no ose
whatever for the swivel-chair, lobby
fed, fourflushing highbinders of the
political arena. Which accounts for
the politician’s hatred and fear of its
influence in national affairs.
<3. It is awakening the American
people to realize the seriousness of
present-day conditions in their coun
try and to appreciate the sacredness
of their institutions. The campaign
of education which has been carried
on by the Klan into every nook and
corner of this country will be felt
through many long years to come.
Citizens are coming to see the respon
sibility of citizenship. Both men and
women are being taught the sacred
ness of the right of franchise. If we
are not mistaken, the next general
elections will witness the greatest
vote that has ever been cast at Amer
ican polls. Truly the Klan is a dis
turbing factor in American politics—
disturbing because it stands for dean
methods and is opposed to the rule of
the ward healer and political boss,
most of whom are ex-saloonkeepers
or thugs, The people of America are
becoming aroused—public sentiment
is awakening, like a giant aroused
from his slumbers, and is marching
forth to conquer for those ideals
which were embodied in the Dedara
tion of Independence and the Consti
tution of the United States. There
has never, in the past fifty years,
ben such a reverence for the flag, for
the Constitution, for free speech, free
press and free public schools, as that
which is being engendered by the on
ward march of the Klan to nationwide
political victory.
4. It is revealing the true at
titude of the metropolitan press to
ward all things distinctively Ameri
can. It has show nup in their true
ooTors the heretofore influential city
newspapers. It has proved, beyond all
shadow of doubt, their subserviency
to un-American and predatory inter
ests and their actual collusion with
the Roman Catholic hierarchy. The
campaign of misrepresentation and
falsehood which has been waged
against the Klan by the metropolitan
press should be sufficient to prove to
any thoughtful citizen that “free
press” is largely a matter of theory
and not of fact. That the press is
chained down good and tight is too
obvious to admit being questioned.
In this battle between un-American
interests and native-born Americana
—for it must be remembered that
only native-born Americans can be
long to the Klan—the press has lined
up solidly against the native-born cit
izenry of this republic. The press has
proven itself a traitor to the real
ideals and institutions of America—
it has sold its birthright for a mess
of Jewish and Catholic pottage. No
wonder that papers are springing up
all over the country, brought into ex
istence by public demand. No won
der that there is a great possibility
that a campetitor of the Associated
and United Press may enter the field
in he near future—as both the As
sociated and United Press have prov
en themselves absolutely malicious in
handling news relative to the activi
ties of the Klan. The eyes of the
American people are opened—some
day the press will give an accounting!
5. In short, the Klan is saving
America. This is not an idle boast—
it is a plain statesment of an actual
fact. Of course this statement will
be derided by K. C. newspaper-men
all over the country—but we confi
dently expect the unbiased historian
of the future to make the ad
mission. The Klan is teaching men
and women the true principles of
democracy. It is teaching the ideal
of service.
It is holding up, at all times, the
way of the Cross—even though it
may lead to agony of mind and heart.
It exalts the Christ as the individu
al’s criterion of character and calls
upon American people everywhere to
take up the Cross and follow Him,
obey His laws and respect His chubch.
In short, if the Klan were to go to
pieces tomorrow its influences for
good would be inestimable—future
history would disclose the fact that
it has set back the enemies of Amer
ica at least two generations in Hie ac
complishment of their nefarious
schemes.
The Ku Klux Klan m a great Amer
ican institution. It was here yester
day, in the dark night of the Recon
struction era. It is here today—in the
twilight of a reawakening America.
It will be here tomorrow—in the sun
light of the millennial reign of right
eousness, service and peace. But this
great day can never come until vice
and crime and lawlessness shall have
been done away, and the spirit of our
forefathers shall again permeate the
life and thought of our citisenry.—
The Patriot (St. Louis, Mo.)