THE CALL of the NORTH
ia published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul. Minnesota,
and will stand for Amerioan institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, I I I I - T~ I Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER, D. D., - I I I Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul. Minnesota. 2*1155?* 2
NORTHERN MAN LAUDS WORK OF THE OLD KLAN
The following is an extract from “Secret Political Societies
in the South during the period of Reconstruction,” written by Wal
ter Henry Cook, of Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio.
“The Ku Klux Klan accomplished much. From a political
viewpoint it secured home rule for several of the Southern States.
It ended the disgraceful rule of the carpetbaggers therein, and
it helped to re-establish honest and efficient governmental in
stitutions. The example was an inspiration which, after 1872, soon
led the men of the Southern States still in radical control of a
GLORIOUS VICTORY in regaining self-government.
“From an economic standpoint, the negroes had been fright
ened into going to work and were prevented, to a large extent,
from breaking labor contracts. These were important services
in the rehabilitation of the South.
“From a social standpoint the Klan protected property, pro
tected life, and brought order out of chaos.”
AN EFFECTIVE SUNDAY SCHOOL
A question came up in our office today and was debated with
considerable real interest. “What is the young man of today doing
about the Sunday School?” —was the question. After thinking
about the important matter we turned the question squarely
around and asked pointedly—“ What is the Sunday School doing
FOR the young man? We didn’t want to jump at conclusions based
on indifferent observation or casual thinking, so decided to go into
the subject somewhat carefully.
At the out-set, we came across a most interesting and effec
tive Sunday school class composed of the finest type of young men.
The spirit and enthusiasm existing was so unusually delightful
that we sought some definite information concerning the class.
The Sunday school class is located in St. Paul. To be exact,
the class is held every Sunday in the Central Park M. E. church,
not far from the heart of the Saintly City. The membership
totals sixty-seven fine-looking, red-blooded, earnest, sincere, Chris
tian young men, real Americans every one. It made qur heart
beat with joy to learn that there are many young men in this
country entirely different from the common cake-eater type.
Not only did we find a splendid group of young men, but we
also discovered a wonderful organization that tied young men be
tween the ages of sixteen and twenty-one securely to the church,
the Protestat church. Think what that means, Dear Reader.
Here, in a St. Paul church, a great problem seemingly has been
solved. Every church-worker knows the difficulty of keeping the
young man interested in the church. Many a minister has been
praying most fervently for a solution of the mighty important
problem, has been sincerely seeking a door that opens into a full
Sunday school of young men, but for some unknown reason has
not found that much desired and needed condition—a Sunday
school that holds the young man at the age when he needs the
influence of the church possibly more than at any other time in
his life. Certainly the church needs the young men between the
ages of sixteen and twenty-one. We think the Kappa Chi class
of the Central M. E. church meets a long felt want.
The Kappa Chi does succeed in doing the thing that may seem
impossible. The young men in this class had an interest in the
church that extended over the week, over the month, over the
year. Surely that means something. The young men of the
Kappa Chi stand solidly for honest and fair athletics, appreciate
the better things in music, possess a clean, wholesome valuation
of social life, understand the necessity for Christian living.
The members of the Kappa Chi wear on their coat lapels the
Gross of Christ. They are not ashamed to stand before the world
as Sunday school lads. Existing within the group was a beautiful
loyalty, a delightful friendliness and a common understanding
of one another. Truly, it seemed they were brothers in Jesus
Christ.
We learned that the office of the Kappa Chi is 311 McClure
building, St. Paul, Minnesota. We feel certain that a letter ad
dressed there will bring information regarding the*work and meth
ods of organization of the Kappa Chi.
I came to thee, Oklahoma, but a few years ago and found a
place for myself that giveth me that which I must crave—pub-
licity.
\ I came with an itching within me which permits no peace
unless I am on the front page of the newspaper.
I seek the spectacular, for nothing else attracts attention,
which to me is honey sweeter than saccharine.
Whatever stands between me and personal eulogy, I surely
will crush like an apple in a cider-press.
I readeth Shakespeare, especially “Julius Caesar,” for there
I can learn much concerning Brutus, who to me is an inspiration.
I hateth the Klan most violently ;that thing is a thorn In the
flesh and causeth me much pain where my ego dwelleth.
Let no man question my ways of impulse, for I am a fury
when aroused. I will brook no interference. When I speak, the
dog that barketh shall have his tail amputated one inch behind
his ears.
Ask not about thine own affairs. Neither must thou speak
to me of rights or liberties. Thou art the pickle and I am the
brine, so learn to endure my brackish ways.
I am as fickle as a chorus girl, as changeable as a vane on a
cow-barn, nevertheless, that privilege is mine, and not thine is
the right ridecule or belittle.
I doth pardon the murderer when I choose to do so and I
often do. But that to thee, is neither here nor there. Jurors are
nuts, so juries must be nutty, and I act in behalf of the man
that killeth and is sent to the “pen” for punishment.
Recklessly I spendeth the people’s money. I have fed the
multitudes with sandwiches and not paid a mark for the bread
and meat consumed. I sliced not the beef thin. Knowest thou not
that the state payeth ? Which maketh the celebration cheap for
me, so I worry not concerning my wife’s hat.
The Invisible Empire demandeth that I cease my childish
down-sittings and baby-like up-standings, so I calleth forth the
soldiers and ordereth the night-shirts from my state, lest they
I AM WALTON
interfere with my easy ways of wildness, C \V
To the world I telleth interesting fairy-tales oi many whip
ping bees. I desire very much to be vice-president, and whatever
I sayeth about the Kluxers I expect too aid in my ambitious plans.
I am a political opportunist, which explaineth many things
that I doeth. All my actions are necessary, as my wife thinketh,
for the advancement of Walton—and that is of most concern to
me.
Yes, I am Walton.
PRESIDENT COOLIDGE
QUOTATIONS ASSEMBLED FROM RECENT
PUBLIC UTTERANCES AND WRITINGS
OF THE NEW PRESIDENT INDICATE HIS
RELATION TO ISSUES OF TODAY, IN
DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN PROBLEMS OF
GOVERNMENT.
DO THE DAY’S WORK not lose.
Do the day’s work. If it is to pro
tect the rights of the weak, whoever
objects, do it. If it be to help a
powerful corporation better to serve
the people, whatever the opposition,
do that. Expect to be called a stand
patter, but don’t be a standpatter.
Expect to be called a demagogue,
but don’t be a demogogue. Don’t
hesitate to be as revolutionary as
science, or as reactionary as the mult
ipliction table. Don’t expect to build
up the weak by pulling down the
strong. Don’t hurry to legislate.
Give administration a chance to
catch up with legislation.
—K-K-K—
--SPOILED CHILDREN
Back in 1880, when I was a child at
Plymouth, I asked my father for a
cent to buy some hoarhound candy.
He heard me gravely and then in
formed me just as gravely that it
looked to him as if a democratic
president would be elected that fall,
and that it behooved every prudent
man to exercise especial thrift.
Therefore he would be obliged to
deny my request.
Now that sounds absurd in these
days when money is so plentiful and
when parents in very modest circum
stances often give their children sls
to S2O a week as mere spending
money and not to be accounted for
at all. But there is St good deal of
sense in it. Children brought up
under that regime of thrift and pru
dent forethought were better off in
later year than children treated with
unwise generosity
I am sure that this habit of pro
viding inexperienced young people
with more money than is good for
them is responsible for the ruin of
many lives and for a great deal of
injury to society.
—K-K-K—
--LEGISLATION BY CLAMOR
We have had too much legislating
by clamor, by tumult, by pressure.
Representative government ceases
when outside influence of any kind is
substituted for the judgment of the
representative. This does not mean
that the opinion of constituents is to
be ignored. It is to be weighed most
carefully, for the representative must
represent, but his oath provides that
it must be “faithfully and impartial
ly according to the best of his
abilities and understanding, agree
ably to the rules and regulations of
the constitution and laws.”
Opinions and instructions do not
outmatch the constitution. Against
it they are void. Instructions are
not given unless given constitution
ally. There can be no constitutional
istruction to do an unconstitutional
act.
—K-K-K
PROHIBITION ENFORCEMENT
The authority of the law is ques
tioned in these days all too much.
The binding obligation of obedience
against personal desire is denied in
many quarters. If these doctrines
prevail, all organized government, all
liberty, all security are at an end.
Force alone will prevail. Can those
instructed with the gravest authority
set any example save that of the
sternest obedience to law?
—K-K-K—
--LAW AND ORDER
The matter of public order is so
clear and so fundamental that it is
difficult to see how any one would
think of compromising or avoiding
that issue Not the private
will but the public will must be
maintained as the supreme authority.
—K-K-K—
--THE AMERICAN HOME
The destiny, the greatness of
America lies around the hearthstone.
If thrift and industry are taught
there and the example of selfsacrifice
oft appears, if honor abide there, and
high ideals, if there the building of
fortune be subordinate to the build
ing of character, America will lie in
fsecurity, rejoicing in an abundant
prosperity and good government at
home, and in peace, respect and con
fidence abroad.
—K-K-K-r *
MORAL POWER
Have faith in the moral power of
America. It gave independence un
der Washington and freedom under
Lincol. Here right neVter lost. Here
wrong never won. However power
ful the forces of evil may appear,
somewhere there are more powerful
forces of righteousness. Courage
and confidence are our heritage. Jus
tice is our might. The outcome is
in your hand, my fellow American;
if you deserve to win, the nation can-
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
Reverence is the measure not of
others but of ourselves.
—K-K-K—
--AMERICA’S STRENGTH
America must furnish more than
armies and navies for the future. If
armies and navies were to be su
preme Germany would be right.
There are other and greater forces
in the world than march to the roll of
the drum. As we are turning the
scale with our sword now, so here
after we must turn the Scale with
the moral power of America. It must
be our disinterested plans that are to
restore Europe to a place through
justice when we have secured victory
through the sword.
—K-K-K—
--WORK AND SERVE
To us, the man of means who does
not work, who does not serve, is of
exactly the same class as the tramp
or the vagabond, and the day is not
distant when we shall treat him as
such.
—K-K-K—
--THE POWER OF RELIGION
It was because religion gave the
people a new importance and a new
glory that they demanded a new
freedom and a new government. We
cannot in our generation reject the
cause and retain the result. If the
institutions they adopted are to sur
vive, if the government which they
founded is to endure, it will be be
cause the people continue to have
similar religious beliefs. It is idle
to discuss ffeedom and equality on
any other basis. It is useless to ex
pect substantial reform from any
other motive. They cannot be ad
ministered from without. They must
come from within.
A PICNIC PROTEST
An ant is on your 'sandwich, Nancy
dear,
A doodlebug is swimming in the
jam;
And, Nancy, what is this that we
have here?
A yellow-jacket’s sampling the
ham!
A spider’s dropping, Nancy, just be
fore you;
I think, my dear, that we had bet-
ter move—
Nancy, although you know that I
adore you,
Picnics are crawly things I can’t
approve.
! ; •• r-pr
A bee zooms round you, Nancy, and
I fear
A fly has nestled on you chicken
wing;
And, Nancy, though I would not damp
your cheer,
That blithesome bee is very apt to
sting.
A caterpillar, dear, hangs just above
A tumblebug is clowning on the pie;
Oh, Nancy dear, you know how well
I love you,
But picnics were not made for such
as I.
An inch-worm’s on the biscuits, Nancy
dear,
A ladybug is in the honey pot;;
A gnat disports himself in the root
£eer,
A beetle in the salad casts his lotj
Nancy, my own, you know your love
I cherish,
But picnics draw too many guests
for me—
Come, dear one, pray, before I starve
and perish,
Let's find some place inside to have
our tea! i
—E. Rutherford, Jr.., in the New
York Evening Post.
NEGRO WANTED TO
ENTER PUTTSBIIRG
The National Association for the
Uplift of Colored Gentlemen seeming
ly has got another job of work to do.
The Plattsburg (N. Y.) Citizens Mili
tary Training Camp, since its incep
tion open only to white soldiers, re
fused to accept a smart young negro
who tried to force himself into the
ranks recently.
Now the uplifters want Secretary
Weeks to kiss the rookie and apol
ogize.
The War Department has offered
to provide a separate training camp
for negroes if enough of them wish
to serve. There are few applicants,
however.
Support your paper
THE BIBLE—
“A TRANSLATION”
Boston Transcript
A professor at the University of
Chicago has undertaken to supplant
the King James version of the Bible
by what he calls an “American
Translation;” his three and a half
years’ work was completed last
Thursday. This professor says “We
use words intelligible to the Amer
ican ear.” Why is this necessary?
Is not the Bible understood in Amer
ica today? Have we so lost the
knowledge of our own language that
we can no longer understand the
finest example of it? Is the one book
of all others acclaimed by English
speaking peoples the world over to be
“the noblest monument of English
prose”—is this book to be thrown in
to the discard ?
The Chicago professor undoubted
ly meant well. But when he attempts
to do away with a great work of art,
when he tries to supplant a manual
of faith ingrained in us by all the ties
of holy belief by three and a half
years’ work, he shows that his sense
of proportion is lacking. Of course
what he proposes cannot be done.
A quotation from his “American
translation” will show how uninspired
and matter of fact his version is.
When read in contrast with the same
passage in the King James version, it
suggests comparing an automobile
horn to a cathedral organ. Here is
the Chicago professor’s “transla
tion” of Jesus feeding the multitude:
The disciples said to Him:
“Where can we get bread enough in
this solitude to feed such a crowd?”
Jesus said to them:
“How many loaves have you?”
They said:
“Seven, and a few small fish.”
And so it goes. Contrast the same
passage in the gospel according to St.
Mark with the King James Version:
And his disciples, answered him.
From whence can a man satisfy these
men here with bread in the wilder
ness?
And he asked them, How many
loaves have ye? And they -said,
Seven.
The contrast is here so obvious that
no comment is needed.
If the American can no longer feel
the beauty of our Bible, for it is our
Bible and part of our American tra
dition, if its meaning is no longer
clear to him,, if he demands as
“American translation” of the nob
lest monument in English prose, then
disappointing is his condition. For
tunately this is not the case and hap
pily the King James version of the
Holy Bible is strong enough to with
stand this attempt at replacement.
It has withstood far worse shocks in
its time. May it continue to with
stand them!
KLAN TO TEST
WALKER LAWS
“The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
will thoroughly test the validity of
the Walker law in the State of New
York,” declares Paul S. Etheredge,
Imperial Klonsel and head of the le
gal department of the order.
“The rights of every Klansman in
New York will be fully protected by
the national organization. We be
lieve that the Walker law is discrim
inatory and unconstitutional and that
the courts will rule it to be invalid.
We will fight it to the limit in the
highest courts if necessary.”
It was pointed out by the Imperial
Klonsel of the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan that the national organ
ization had nothing to do with the
recent incorporation proceedings of
the Klan in New York state which
were effected for the purpose of evad
ing the Walker law.
“The purpose of the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan was from the very
beginning to meet the Walker law
squarely and contest its validity
through a test case. Incorporation
proceedings were instituted without
the knowledge of national officials of
the order in Atlanta without their
advice and without their consent. The
action in New York was taken by
certain individual Klansmen. The or
der will now proceed with its ori
ginal program of contesting the law.
Klansmen, should the Walker law be
held valid, will obey it just as they
are sworn to obey every other law.
There will be no defiance and no
disobedience of the properly consti
tuted authorities.”
THOUGHTFUL
Isadore Levinsky was dying of the
the small poxes. The doctor had just
told him the terrible truth.
“Send for the priest,” he murmur
ed.
“You mean the rabbi, don’t you?”
asked the doctor.
“No, the priest. Do you teenk I
want the rabbi to have such a seek
ness what I got?”—Current News.
A young man with a pretty but
Notoriously flirtatious fiancee wrote
to a supposed rival, “I’ve been told
that you have been seen kissing my
girl. Come to my office at 11 on
Friday. I want to have this matter
out.” The rival answered, “I’ve re
ceived a copy of your circular letter
and will be present at the meeting.”
—Argonaut, San Francisco.
OREGON SCHOOL
LAW IN COURT
Washington, D. C.—National Capi
tal educators are intensely inter
ested in the legal test to be
made of the Oregon school law.
Suit for a test of the constitutional
ity of the bill, which became a law at
the general election last November,
has been filed in United States Dis
trict Court by a Catholic Society.
Adopted after a bitter fight in the
last Oregon election this law makes
it compulsory for all children below
high school age to attend the public
..schools. It has been generally re
garded as an effort to drive private
schools out of business, and Catho
lics have looked upon it as aimed es
pecially at their institutions.
Proponents of the law, which in
cluded a heavy majority of the citi
zens of Oregon, maintain that as the
institution of a state are the pro
duct of, and live or die by the char
acter of its cititens, the state has a
right to say how and by whom its
future citizens are to be trained. Op
ponents of the law see in it an in
vasion of the rights of the individual
to train his child as he pleases.
It is noted that the law does not,
as has been claimed, drive out the
private school, since private instruc
tion is permitted children who are
taught the same subjects for the
same period of time, as are taught in
the public schools.
The test of the Constitutionality of
the law has been looked for ever
since its enactment, and the results
of this court action will be most
carefully considered by educators and
legislators in other states, who are
only awaiting a definite pronounce
ment on the Oregon law before imi
tating similar legislation in their own
jurisdictions.
CONSIDER THE CIRCUS
Circuses are a constant source of
attraction to me. Perhaps, at my
age I ought not to confess that such
frivolity as a circus draws me from
my desk, but the fact remains that I
see all the circus parades and all the
circus performances that take place
in this town.
And when I go to a circus I want
to go clean through it—from “Hot
Dogs” to the “Grand Concert.”
I start in at the corner of the lot,
with a long glass of red lemonade—
passing quickly to the popcorn man,
and the taffy man, and with my
pockets well filled with peanuts to
feed the elephants, I make my way
to the side show.
It is the last circus that I at
tended that furnishes me with the
subject for my letter to you to-day:
When I arrived at the sideshow
I made a careful examination of eve
ry banner because in no other way
can one fully understand and appre
ciate the wonders inside the tent.
This particular sideshow advertised
an “Educated Horse” that could all
but talk—an “Educated Pig” that
was supposed to have a better educa
tion than some people—an “Educated
Monkey” that was guaranteed to be
the missing link.
Armed with the “trimmings” that
go to make one’s trip to a circus
successful, I paid for my ticket and
entered the tent.
The show man was just preparing
to exhibit the “Educated Horse.”
Tapping the leg of the horse, he
asked the animal how old he was.
The horse stamped eight times with
one of his right feet, which told us
that he was eight years old. Next
the horse was asked what date of
the month it was, and he went over
to some blocks and picked up one
upon which was painted the date of
the month.
Next the educated pig was ex
hibited. He rolled a barrel about,
on the platform.
Now it was thje Monkey’s turn
and the trainer handed him a plug
of toacco. The monkey bit off a good
generous chunk—rolled it about in his
month and spit at a box of sawdust
and hit it squarely the first pop—did
it better than I have seen some men
do it.
Then that show was over.
Now, were those animals educated ?
No! They were only trained.
Animals cannot be educated. They
can be trained to do certain things
when their surroundings are just as
they were when they first learned to
do the trick.
Change the surroundings—change
the location of that block and the
horse could not find it. Change the
location of that box of sawdust and
the monkey would not spit in it.
So it is with some men. They can
be trained to do and to say certain
things, but they cannot be “educated.”
—Selected
The famous editor of the New York
Sun, Charles A. Dana, used to enjoy
telling the story of a man who asked
his friend:
“Have you ever heard of a machine
that can tell when a man is lying?”
“I surely have,” said the friend.
“Have you ever seen one?” asked
the first man.
“Seen one?” said the friend. “I
married one!”
“The average woman has a voca
bulary of only eight hundred words.”
It is a small stock, but think of the
turn-over.—Oakland Tribune.
"RU KLUX” DEFINED
Many people today are far at sea
as to the meaning of the name,
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. Many
have the false idea that the name is
arbitrarily coined and has no special
significance. That is not true. The
word, “Ku Klux,” for it is really one
word, and frequently hyphenated, is
an American derivation of the Greek
word, “kuklos,” meaning a circle. In
other words, the Ku Klux Klan is
the Circle Clan. It is a closed or
ganization and ring of brothers in
separably joined, as is the continu
ous, unending line of a circle.
The Klan is a group of men bound
together by a solemn oath of loyalty
to God, coutry, home and each other.
Any man who can fit the require
ments of the organization and who
asumes this binding oath, becomes a
part of the circle; a member of the
continuous clan.
The Invisible Empire is an organi
zation often described as one “Here
yesterday, here today, here forever.”
And like the eternal line of the circle
or the kuklos, the principles and in
fallible ideals for which the Invisible
Empire stands, have been here for
ever, most assuredly are here and in
operation today and will exist for
all eternity as long as God is in His
Heaven.
KLAN HOSPITAL
$1,000,000 Institution Is Well Under
Way at Topeka; $50,000 Soon
To Be Raised.
Topeka, Kan.—The first unit of the
American hospital to be operated and
controlled by the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan will be opened here early
in September. When entirely com
pleted the hospital will represent an
investment of approximately $1,000,-
000.
Members of the Topeka Klan met
last May and made plans to establish
a Protestant hospital here. At a
closed meeting $50,000 was raised for
the project within one hour. Of this
amount $25,000 has been paid toward
the purchase of a dwelling located in
eight acres of wooded land in To
peka. This house has been trans
formed into a temporary hospital and
will accommodate 30 patients.
The board of trustees, all promi
nent business men of Topeka, has ob
tained the services of Prof. Albert
Haberstro, formerly of Washburn
University, who will assume the
executive management of the insti
tution.
One million dollars is the financial
objective, and it is expected this am
ount will be raised in one year.
SCHOOLS ARE CLOSED
Sectarian Institutions Take Their
Place and Funds.
Johnstown, Pa., / ** -Thirteen
public schools in one county of this
state have been closed and succeeded
by sectarian schools it was reported
by a county superintendent.
In some counties state appropria
tions for public schools are being used
for sectarian schools, he reports.
The report was read at a meeting
of the Progressive American League,
where resolutions were drawn indors
ing a national department of educa
tion with a secretary in the presi
dent’s cabinet.
Protestants should look out. Scores
of our public schools may be closed
one of these days if Rome continues
to grow. It is coming. Tolerance is
on the drive. You do not believe it?
All right—time will tell!—Mo. Valley
Independent.
A LEGAL RELIGION UN-AMERI
CAN AND ANTI-CHRISTIAN
We hold it for a fundamental and
undeniable truth, “That religion, or
the duty which we owe to our Creator,
and the manner of discharging it,
can be directed only by reason and
conviction, not by force or violence.”
The religion, then, of every man must
be left to the conviction and consci
ence of every man; and it is the right
of every man to exercise it as these
may dictate. This right is in its na
ture an unalienable right. It is un
alienable, because the opinions of
me, depending only on the evidence
cannot folow the dictates of other
men. It is unalieable, also, because
what is here a right toward men is
a duty toward the Creator. It is the
duty of every man to render to the
Creator such homage, and such only,
as he believes to be acceptable to
Him. This duty is precedent, both
in order of time and in degre of ob
ligation, to the claims of civil society
. . . We maintain therefore, that in
matters of religion no man’s right is
abriged by the institution of civil so
ciety, and that religion is wholly ex- •
empt from its cognizance.—James
Madison’s Memorial to the Honorable,
the General Assembly of the Com
monwealth of Virginia, 1785.
END AND MEANS
Dorothy—“ When will you get your
new fur coat, mamma?”
Mother—“ Your dad says it can’t be
done.”
Dorothy— “Say Momsie, have yon
ever tried throwing yourself on the
floor and kicking your feet the way
I do?”