THE CALL of the NORTH
is published srery Friday by the Gall of the North Publishing Co., fit. Paul. Minnesota,
and will stand lor American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people's minds, to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious Questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, ....... Editor In Chief
BEV w smith HiBPICR, D D- I - - - Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail *2.00 Per Year la Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR. CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota.
THE BELL-TOWER OF AMERICANISM
By P. J. ORN
The principle of free education is quite old, yet the crystali
zation of the principle into the public school is modern —is Ameri
can, as American as Old Glory. The Ancients, the Medievalists,
and Early Modernists did not appreciate the value of public
schools. In a careful study of educational development, we clearly
see that it was America that truly appreciated the place and power
of the public school. It is a fact that it was America that gave
to the world a real conception of free public education; the public
school is an American creation.
Early Christian education that can properly be called formal
was intended only for those men who wished to enter the service
of the church. It may seem strange that the scholars of the Mid
dle Ages were practically all within the church, yet the reason for
this is understood by the student of educational development. It
was the church that offered to the scholar a quiet haven for
thought and investigation, providing he kept within established
bounds. Outside of the church there was little or no appreciation
of learning. The scholar of the Middle Ages did not have a free
dom of thought and speech so essential to progress. The church
was intolerant in its demands and would brook no liberties .of
thought and expression that conflicted in the least with the teach
ings of the church. The scholar of the Middle Ages dared not
tell the truth, as study and investigation revealed it to him, when
the truth questioned the church and its teachings. Thousands of
men in the past hid the light of truth beneath the bushel, because
it was dangerous to do otherwise. No one can estimate the loss
to humanity that came as a direct result of supression of truth.
The scholar who defied the church was delt with immediately and
without mercy. Lucky indeed was the courageous scholar who
revealed truth without regard to the church’s teachings that did
not find himself sentenced by the ecclesiastical court to be burned
at the stack, or otherwise to be inhumanly destroyed.
Through its monastary and cathedral schools the church did
practically all the work of education up to the Reformation. Two
orders, the Franciscans and the Dominicans, mendicant friars,
who in the thirteenth century grew to control higher education,
remained in control of Catholic higher institutions of learning
until the Society of Jesus took their place. It is true, as history re
veals, that the Catholic church at one time through its schools did
nearly all the work of education, yet that does not serve as proof
in the contention of the Papacy that there is by right only one
authority entitled to educate youth in the essentials of knowledge.
The church of Rome has never yielded its claim to the sole center
of all knowledge. Therefore, you find the Holy See denouncing
public school systems wherever they are found. The Roman
church is the arch-enemy of the public school and is doing all
things in her power to wreck public school systems. Those who
love America truly, love the public school over every other kind
of school and should stand on guard against sinister forces that
seek the destruction of the public schools.
With the opening of the later Renaissance movement, there
came marked changes in formal education. It was during the
early part of the sixteenth century that we see attempts to estab
lish schools entirely outside of Papal control. Germany and Eng
land were remarkably affected by the humanistic movement" in
education. In these countries schools were established that were
somewhat free from clerical domination. In Germany and Eng
land we see the glimmering lights of free public education which
burn so brightly in America today. The Reformation brought a
a freedom of thought that made possible astounding strides in re
vealed. truth. The church of Rome seems to fearj truth as intelli
gently expounded by scholars who are free from the chains of
suppression. Where the piercing light of truth, enlightens people,
superstition and false doctrines cannot prevail.
jin 1559 a system of public education was founded in Germany
by which each village had a school. The system was quite com
plete through the higher Latin, schools, the gymnasium and the
university—the University of Tubington. This system we have
come to call the Wurttemberg system for dukej of Wurttemberg
who took an important part in its organization, beginning in
1565. The Saxoy plan, similar in organization, was adopted from
that of Melanchton in 1580 and remained practically unchanged
until 1773, when compulsory attendance and a wider curriculum
Were added. In such a manner the schools of Protestant Germany
grew and developed until the Thirty Years War. In no other
country of Europe do we find the public school. In England!the
education of youth was intrusted to the family or the church until
far into the nineteenth century, although England did know some
thing about public schools.
From a study of the development of the ( public school, an
honest mind comes to two conclusions: The public school system
js the handiwork of Protestantism; the public school, as the world
understands the institution today, l is essentially American even
though the idea is European. The public school grew with free
dom and serves as a bulwark 1 of that freedom. There can be
no freedom without the public school: The two are inseparable.
America as a nation lives because the public school functions to
perpetuate the inalienable rights of mankind, the institutions of
democracy and a solid phalanx against foreignism.
The Society of Jesus, before referred to, was formed in 1540
to, counteract the* Reformantion. The Jesuits, members of the
Society of Jesus, established schools where secular studies were
included in a rigid curriculum. The Jesuits were (and are) zealots
that/labored only to preserve the church of Rome through schools
absolutely controlled by the Pope. The Jesuitical schools taught
'(and still do teach) only that which would not weaken ,the church
of Rome, and continuously did they seek to justify ; the Holy See,
its creed, practices and traditions. The Jesuits sought not the
extension of learning from any other point of view than that of
the church of Rome supreme. The Jesuits were and are bitter
enemies of the public school, freedom of thought and religion.
What has been said of the Jesuits and their schools holds
true asi regards the Institute of the Brethren of the Christian
Schools which did for the Catholic elementary schools what the
Jesuits did for the Catholic secondary schools. r
The public school is the “bulwark and bell-tower of our AmerL
again as to why schools should be free and an obligation upon
on democratic principles without the public school. This fact
should be impresed upon all peoples who live in the United*States.
We should tolerate no movements, organizations ( or institutions
that weaken our public schools.. Let all real Americans unsheath
the sword of constructive interest from the rusty scabbard of
indifference.
Our forefathers understood the necessity of the public schools
■in America. Let the founders of this great Republic speak to us
again: “As to why schools should be free and an obligation upon
popular government: «
Franklin: “To supply succeeding ages with men qualified to
serve the public.” » ; :
Washington: “To enlighten public opinion.”
John Adams: “To instruct the people in' knowledge useful in
the practice of the moral duties as man and citizen.”
Monroe: “To qualify society in every district to discharge
with credit and effect those great duties of citizens on which free
government rests.”
Madison: “To arm with power of knowledge a great people
who mean to be their own governors.” ,
Jefferson: “To enable the people to understand what is going
on in the world and keep their part of it going right.”
An effective public school system demands that (1) no other
system of education shall be permitted to do any work of instruc
tion in the elements of knowledge; (2) only those teachers shall
be employed who believe in the public school and are properly
trained to act as instructors of children; (3) rigid laws be enforced
to compel the attendance of all children between the ages of seven
and sixteen in a public school unless the work of the eighth grade
has been completed; (4) nothing in the way of un-American pro
paganda be tolerated in the public school; (5) sufficient funds be
at all times available to ensure efficient work; (6) a law be enacted
by Congress like the Towner-Sterling bill; (7) a course of study
thoroughly organized to meet the needs of America be adopted.
f
As there are individuals and organized groups of individuals
that are opposed to our present form of government and still
enjoying all the privileges of same, so there are well-organized
groups that are opposed to the public school system.
Out of their own mouths we may learn and understand our
duty.
“There is, and always must be a vast difference between those
educated according to the mind of the church and those educated
according to the mind of the world. The first are trained for
eternity, the latter for the trickeries of time.”—The Rosary
Magazine.
“Two thousand members of the Catholic Federation ap
plauded the Rev. Thomas F. Coakley, secretary of Bishop’s Cane
vine of Pittsburgh, when the Pittsburgh priest demanded that the
Catholic church be reimbursed by the state at the rate of $36,000,-
000 a year, for the education of the Catholic young people.”—The
Pittsburgh Dispatch.
“The population of the Archdiocese of St. Paul (Minn.) being
argely rural, many Congregations cannot easily organize paro
chial schools; nor in such congregations is there a very special
need of parochial schools, as teachers in the State or District
schools usually are Catholic, and due provision is otherwise made
for the religious instruction of the pupils.”—Official Catholic Di
rectory.
“We bring home to the consciences of Catholics that it is
their duty to continue deserting all mere secular schools, and
building of our own, until public opinion itself undermine what
contains the source of its own downfall, and we be relieved of
mjust taxes.”—Judges of Faith; Page 3.
“And Catholics will continue building schools on their own
grounds; until, like the many deserted sectarian temples which
are legally acquired by impouring children of the church, the
future state-school buildings, left empty by Catholics deserting
them, and non-Catholics becoming practically disgusted with the
un-republican and un-Christian system shall also be lawfully ac
juired and occupied by denomination schools.”—The Judges of
Faith; Page 6.
Excerpts from “The Right of Our Little Ones” or First Prin
ciples on Education, in Catechetical form, by Rev. James Conway,
IS. J. Canisius College, Buffalo, N. Y.
Published by Benzinger Brothers, 214 W. Monroe St., Chicago,
printers to the Holy Apostolic See.
Page 24—Question 40.
Scope of Civil Authority?” •
“Education does not lie within the scope of civil authority,
wherefore the State cannot, without violating higher and holier
rights, usurp the right and discharge the duty of educating the
young.”
Page 24—Question 41. “What Rights Does the State Violate
by Usurping the Work of Education?”
“By usurping the work of education, the State not only
thwarts the intent of the Creator, but also violates —
a. The Personal Right of the child to enjoy the education
intended by the Creator.
b. The Domestic Right of the parents to educate their off
spring in the way it seems best to them;
c. As we shall see, the Divine Right of the Church to dis
charge the educational mission intrusted to her by her Divine
Founder.”
Page 25—Question 42. “What gave rise to the state monop
oly of education so common in modern times ?”
“This modern policy of State education, that has recently
grown into favor, had its origin in those countries where the
ecclesiastical institutions were robbed of their telporalities by
Protestant governments. Such a decadence of education followed
this wholesale plunder of the Church that the governments gradu
ally found it necessary to erect public schools at the public ex
pense; which institutions they considered themselves justified in
exclusively controlling.”
Page 25—Question 43. “What are the results of this system
of state or public education?”
“This system of State or public education naturally results
in the most serious moral, social and religious evils.
Page 26 Question 44. “Is this statement borne out by ex
perience ?”
This statement is confirmed by experience wherever the sys
tem has prevailed for any length of time..
“a. The introduction of State education has been everywhere
attended by an enormous increase of crime, which cannot be at
tributed to any other cause. In our own country proportionately
by far the greater share of crime is committed not by the illiter
ate, or by foreigners, but by those who enjoyed all the blessings
of a public school education, and, what is most surprising of all,
as has been statistically proved, the increase of crime has kept
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
“Does Education Lie Within the
even pace with the efforts and expenditure made for public edu
cation.
“b. The leaders of anarchists, communists, socialists, nihil
ists and, in short, all those who endanger the social order and dis
turb the peace of nations, are for the most part the outgrowth of
State or public school education.
“c. The same might easily be shown of the luge-warm in
religion, of agnostics, and professed infidels of the school of In
gersoll.”
Page 27 —Question 45. “What are the effects of state edu
cation on civilization in general?”
“While State education removes illiteracy and puts a limited
amount of knowledge within the reach of all, it cannot be said to
have a beneficial influence on civilization in general.”
Page 47 —Question 85. “What is the teaching of the Church
in regard to stat or non-religious schools in general?”
“The teaching of the Church regarding State or non-religious
schools may be summed up in the following propositions:
a. That the State cannot assume absolute power over the
schools to the exclusion of all other authority.
“b. That the seminaries for the education of the clergy can
in nowise be subject to State control.
“c. That no just cause can exist for exempting schools,
whether elementary, literary, or scientific, from the authority of
the Church.
“d. That no Catholic can approve of a system of education
which is divorced from religion and the authority of the Church,
and has for its aim, solely or mainly, a mere secular training.
“e. That such a system of purely secular schools, is fraught
with dangers to faith and morals, and consequently, cannot in
conscience be patronized.”
Page 49—Question 87. “How does the church regard the
American school system in particular?”
“The Church, though in no wise opposed to an equitable and
efficient system of public education cannot but look upon the
present American public school system, divorced as it is from all
positive religion, as not only unjust to a large portion of the pop
ulation, but also detrimental to Christian faith and morality and
dangerous to the future welfare and prosperity of the Republic.”
Page 50—Question 89. “May Catholic parents in conscience
send their children to American public schools?”
“Catholic parents cannot, in conscience, send their children to
America public schools, except for very grave reasons approved
by the ecclesiastical authorities.”
Page 50—Question 90. “In what case may Catholic parents
be allowed to send their children to public schools?”
“When there is no Catholic school within easy reach: or
when that which is within easy reach is not fit to give their chil
dren an education suited to their age and condition: and even in
these cases only when there seems apparent danger of their per
version.”
O AMERICANS, DO YOU SEE YOUR DUTY IN MATTERS
OF PUBLIC EDUCATION? THERE IS WORK TO BE DONE.
ONLY ETERNAL VIGILANCE CAN PERPETUATE THE
FREE SCHOOLS OF AMERICA. STAND ON GUARD THAT
YOU BE NOT DECEIVED.
THY PEOPLE SHALL BE MY PEO
PLE.
“Whither thou goest I will go; and
whither thou lodgest I will lodge; thy
people shall be my people, and thy
God my God.” There is one reflection
growing out of a study of the story
of Ruth so recently brought to the
attention of the church through the
Sunday school lesson. We call atten
tion to the pledge of loyalty by Ruth,
not only to her mother-in-law, De
borah, but to the laws and religion of
the people among whom she was go
ing as an immigrant to take up her
abode. “Thy people shall be my peo
ple.” f lt is the only policy Ruth could
have framed and adhered to, and
lived in the peace and happiness that
was hers. The story of that beautiful
life, that harmonious adjustment, that
produced domestic and national felic
ity and strength, is one of the most
beautiful and inspiring episodes of an
cient history.
Ruth might have thought herself
justified had she packed up her Moa
bitish gods and continued their wor
ship among the Jehovah worshipers
of Israel. She might have intro
duced her foreign manners and cus
toms and insisted upon the recogni
tion of these by the people among
whom she had settled. But she relin
quishd all these in the interest of a
larger harmony. Had she claimed
her rights, the beautiful book of
Ruth would never have been written,
or, at best, it would have furnished
a sordid record in the history of Is
rael instead of its most idyllic chap
ter.
The story has ts modern applica
tion in the United States in the light
of the serious problems of a polyglot
people whose slightest thought is in
pledging that America’s people shall
be their people, and America’s cus
toms shall be their customs. The
pledge of citizenship means in a great
number of cases little more than liv
ing barely within the law, and with
certain national groups to disregard
the laws and customs of the land. We
hear much of late about occupatonal
blocs formed for selfish ends. These
blocs have their representatives at
Washington for legislative purposes.
It is a dangerous tendency for a na
tion to divide into hostile groups with
the hand of each turned aganst all
the others.—Northwestern Christian
Advocate.
-K-K
FOR SELECTIVE IMMIGRATION
Washington. President Coolidge
has approved the plan of Secretary
of Labor Davis for the enactment of
a selective immigration law by the
next Congress, it was learned recent
ly following a conference between
the President and the Secretary at
the White House.
Mr. Davie reported to the President
on the results of his European tour
and declared that the weeding out of
Undesirables should be a cardinal
point in the government’s immigra
tion policy.
THE SYNTHESIS OF THE SPIRIT.
The common school dictionary of
“synthesis” is: “A putting together;
the putting of things together to form
a whole; the combination of separate
elements of thought into a whole.”
“The of the Spirit” is
the power to co-ordinate the seem
ingly scattered, moribund units of
life into a majestic “whole” of im
mortalty and harmony.
It is the process of separating
from the baser elements of material
ism the pure gold of transcendent
spirituality, or immortality, and weld
ing it into a cohesive, discernible
“whole.”
It is the mystic operation whereby
the Units of Infinite (which are eter
nal) are brought into conscious reali
zation of themselves and their rela
tions with each other. It is the mys
tery whereby the Eternal Brotherhood
is organized and given fact and
function.
It is of the essence of all true reli
gion. It is the generic tie that binds
together and holds together the Fam
ily of the Infinite.
It is the wondrous alchemy that
separates logic and reason from so
phistry and error and reveals the
Truth.
It is the marvelous distillation of
Love from the debris of hatred—the
rescue of the Eternal Jewel from the
feet of the rooting, earthy swine.
It is the Word of God and the
“Sword of the Spirit” which is the
complete armory of the Man of Gali
lee and of every great Religious
Teacher qf all time.
Without it the Universe is chaos.
With it Earth and Heaven are co
ordinate Paradises.
Without it mankind is a monster.
With it humanity becomes a house
hold of love.
It is the Talisman of Eternity.
—SELECTED.
K-K-K-
IF YOU CAN’T BE-
If you can’t be a pine on the top of
the hill,
Be a scrub in the valjey—but be
The best little scrub by the side of
the rill;
Be a bush if you can’t be a tree.
If you can’t be a bush be a bit of the
grass,
And some highway happier make.
If you can’t be a “Muskie,” then
just be a bass.
But the liveliest bass in the lake.
We can’t all be captain, some have to
be crew
There’s something for all of us
here;
There’s work to be done, and we’ve
all got to do
Our part in a way that’s sincere.
If you can’t be a highway, then just
be a trail.
If you can’t be the sun, be a star;
It isn’t by size that you win or you
fail.
Be the best whatever you are.
—Marathon Safety Bulletin.
What Thi Shrinsrs Haw Learned
(From Christian Science Monitor.)
Several hundred thousand Shriners,
together with their families and
friends, have been given an impres
sive illustration of the extent to
which the campaign of falsehood and
vilification carried on by the liquor
interests has been developed at the
expense of individual reputations.
For a week before the great gather
ing of this organization at Washing
ton certain papers were filled with
stories of the preparations made by
the bootleggers to convert the con
clave into a gigantic orgy. As the
ceremonies progressed the world was
told by dispatches in the newspapers
that are trying to break down the
prohibition law, of the delivery of
alcoholic liquors in case lots to hotels
and Shriners’ headquarters. The ac
tivities of the bootleggers were de
scribed in graphic and, as it turns
out, wholly imaginative terms, and
their profits were estimated at only
less than those of a moving picture
star. The world was asked to believe
that gentlemen high in the Masonic
order, who, with their families, have
been in the habit of enjoying a na
tional outing of this sort, were to a
man violators of law and victims of
dipsomania. The campaign against
prohibition assusmed the form of a
campaign of personal slander against
all who wore the red fez.
But with the close of Shriners’
week, the truth was told even in
those newspapers which had found
pleasure or profit in the publication
of malignant gossip. It became
known that the arrests for drunken
ness in Washington during the week,
despite the presence there of perhaps
350,000 strangers on pleasure bent,
were barely 50 per cent of normal.
The Shriners’ own court, which was
established for the purpose of enforc
ing order, had practically no business,
except the benevolent task of • look
ing up lost children. The chief of the
District of Columbia police said that
there was not the slightest doubt
that prohibition was responsible for
the general orderliness that prevailed.
There were fewer automobile acci
dents during the week than the nor
mal number in Washington—a fact
indicative of general sobriety.
These were conditions only to be
anticipated. The vast and over
whelming majority of the people of
the United States not merely approve
of but practice prohibition, and a
great organization, such as that of
the Shriners, being a representative
slice of the more prosperous in so
ciety, afford a fair index to the sen
timent of the whole. It is perfectly
evident that at Washington the pro
hibition law was respected, not mere
ly because it was the law, but because
of the increasing habit of abstention
from liquor which that law has en
couraged.
The tens and even hundreds of
thousands of Shriners who are able to
contrast the conditions which they
observed at Washington with the
falsehoods set out in certain of the
newspapers will in future be better
able to estimate the truth of stories
of wholesale violation of the law.
Moreover, they will be able to judge
from their own unpleasant experience
of the extent to which the liquor
press is willing to go in vilifying
individuals and organizations in the
endeavor to bulid up a sentiment that
may be useful to the liquor interests,
which is on its last legs.
-K-K
MOTHER S CHAIR
By BERTHA INWOOD MICHAEL
The moonlight through my window
shines,
Across her old wheel-chair;
It seems that in a vision then
I see her sitting there.
A tender smile upon her face,
She slips across the years,
And seems to say, “I’m happy, child,
So wipe away your tears.”
What tender memories still cling
About that old wheel-chair;
I see the aged, wrinkled face
All framed with silver hair;
The dim gray eyes look up at me
With welcome all aglow,
The slender hands reach out to clasp
My own, as long ago.
I see her bent and feeble form
Within her old wheel-chair;
My eager arms reach out to clasp,
And find but empty air;
Ah, how I long for her, and miss
The voice I loved so well;
My hungry heart cries out for her
More oft than I can tell.
And yet I would not call her back,
Although my heart is sad;
Because her work was finished here,
And she, I know, is glad.
But when, the Lord has called me
home,
111 thank him for his care,
And then—l’ll gre et the one who once
Sat in the old wheel-chair.
- is the art directly repre
sentative of democracy. If the best
music is brought to the people there
need be no fear about their ability to
appreciate it.
—K-K-K
It is only in the spirit of true"hu
rmhty that there is any approach to
the better things of life.
-K-K
Subscribe for-
The Can of the North