THE CALL of the NORTH
is published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishing Co.. St. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles. Ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, ....... Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER, D. D.. - I - I Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota.
ALL THINGS WORTH WHILE PASS THROUGH FOUR
STAGES:
IGNORANCE
RIDICULE
CRUCIFIXION
ADORATION
Of course these stages overlap one another, somewhat, but
from all indications the Klan is now passing through the third
stage, that of Crucifixion. Every effort is being made by the
enemies of America to crucify the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
On every side we see organized schemers planning the annihila
tion of a movement that is essentially American and Protestant.
Opinionated wise-owls seeking cheap publicity are aiding and
abetting the hereditary enemies of freedom. A most disgusting
example of blind Protestantism is a minister hurling broad in
vectives at the Klan in an effort to get the support of that ele
ment in his community which is conspicuously active and always
servitor of a European autocrat, yet a minority.
A Protestant minister recently received much publicity and
considerable space in anti-Protestant publications, when he said,
“We know that the Ku Klux Klan is supporting the Protestant
church, but it is a case where we should pray, ‘From our friend,
O Lord, deliver us.’ ” It is amusing, if nothing else, to behold a
man who ought to see things with clearness stooping to magpie
chatter.
-K-K
WE’LL BET THEY’RE “AMUSED.”
An item in the “locals section” of the Rochester “Post and
Record,” September 27 issue, we read: “Several hand posters
advertising the growth of the Ku Klux Klan in Rochester were
found on the streets this morning and formed a source of con
siderable amusement.”
We’ll bet the bootleggers, blackmailers, footpads, rapists,
wife-beaters, destroyers of character, corrupt political gangsters,
hyphenates, and others in the same category, are not amused by
any indications, real or otherwise, that the Klan is growing. Will
the editor of the Rochester “Post and Record” kindly mention
those who were considerably amused?
Rochester, Minn., Sept. 29.—C. J.
Reiter, editor, and J. T. Beatty, news
editor of the Rochester Daily Bulle
tin, today received a warning signed
“Ku Klux Klan,” ordering them to
cease writing “slanderous” articles
against the Klan under penalty of
being told to get out of town.
The warning reads in full:
“The time has arrived when the
newspapers of Rochester must stop
writing slanderous articles against the
Ku Klux Klan. We have been silent
because our members have been few
and we have not been rightly organs
ized. There are two men who have
the sheets of your daily open to them
to write any rot they wish to and
they are seen putting their heads to
gether in an effort to direct some new
Can it be possible that Reiter and Beatty have contracted
Waltonites, a serious disease resulting in a head swelling that
demands the antidote, publicity? Fortunately the Mayo clinic is
not far from the Bulletin office and we trust that a number of
treatments will bring a cure. Poor Reiter, poor Beatty, we sin
cerely hope that you will get over that unsatiated thirst for cheap
publicity. Both of you know very well that the foolish, ridicu
lous, cowardly letter didn’t come from a Klansman or the Klan,
yet how quickly you shot the stuff into the channels of publicity.
Come now, Reiter, fess up, which one of you got the idea first?
We’d like to send a token of recognition for such “laudable” ini
tiative—a par-boiled prune encased in a beautiful lemon pie.
-K-K
“YES, WE HAVE NO KLUXERS HERE.”
A Waseca weekly newspaper recently published the infor
mation—“As far as we are able to learn, there is no Klan organ
ization in Waseca.” If that were true, how unfortunate that city
really is in the face of the organized forces there which so bit
terly fought the passage of the school bonds, thus attempting to
force on Protestants a parochial school which stands in Waseca
challenging free public school education.
Let the red-blooded, alert, Protestants, Americans, of Wa
seca feel happy that the Ku Klux Klan is a well-organized power
in their city and growing daily stronger.
Those who wish to learn more about the Waseca Klan should
address a letter to Box 172, St. Paul.
-K-K
THE HAIRS ON A CAT’S TAIL.
Editorially the Pioneer Press and Dispatch guzzle from the
same jug. Together they sing the anti-Klan song loud enough
to be heard distinctly by Walton of Oklahoma. Inseparable
as the Siamese twins, they howl with the wolves seek-,
ing the “flesh” of that great American Protestant organization
—Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. With boasted broadness of mind
the twin-dailies of St. Paul “fearlessly” attack the Klan with the
acid of vituperation. At first we thought it was in order to get
all “het up,” but then a second thought brought a realization that
these two newspapers aren’t as independent as the annoucement
on the mastheads advertise.
Gentle Reader, go over the names of the big advertisers do
ing business with the Pioneer Press and Dispatch and then do
some guessing. Before me I have a copy of the Pioneer Press—
“An Independent Newspaper” glares from the masthead. “In
dependent”—yes, as independent as the hairs on a cat’s tail.
Isn’t it funny though when you think of it? What would the hairs
do without the tail ?—What would the Pioneer Press or Dispatch
do without the big advertisers? When the cat takes a notion to
POSSIBLE?
CAN IT BE
article against a wholly authentic
Christian American organization.
“Neither of these men are Chris
tians, but in foolish pride consider
themselves intellectuals —free think
ers. Together with you Mr. Owner of
the paper, they have succeeded in
bringing the Klan into disrepute. We
warn you for the last time. The sar
castic pen has too long besmirched the
fair name of our American organiza
tion. If either of these men write
another defamng article against the
Klan they will receive a notice to
leave the city. If they do not leave,
God help them, for we will take jus
tice into our own hands. Also, Mr.
Owner, your paper will suffer.
KU KLUX KLAN.”
—St. Paul Dispatch.
wiggle its tail, the hairs just naturally co-operate, naturally, of
course.
Who feeds the cat that wiggles the tail that makes the hairs
co-operate? Protestants for the most part—Bo per cent anyway.
But that doesn’t make any difference —not as much as a hair’s
worth. Everybody has accepted Protestantism as unorganized
helplessness—so it is easy to understand why the hairs pay trib
ute to the cat by sticking to the tail. “Wiggle, wiggle little tail,
thy various hairs will not fail”—such is the jingle of loyalty sung
by the hairs.
Let’s see now—Why did the Pioneer Press and Dispatch
make such frantic efforts to put across anti-Klan “sizzlers” as
editorials ?
THE NEW CHIEF JUSTICE
—K-K-K
Mr. Samuel B. Wilsow, a Protestant,
Mason, Shriner, Elk. In Every
Sense a Self-made Man.
—K-K-K
The death of Chief Justice, Calvin
L. Brown, left a vacancy that created
much speculation in political circles
as to whom the high place of honor
would be offered. The politicans of
the state made many guesses, but
practically all of them guessed entire
ly wrong. Mr. Samuel B. Wilson of
Mankato was the final choice of Gov
ernor Preus, and a most excellent ap
pointment the Governor made, this
time.
Mr. Wilson has been practicing law
in Mankato for many years. Early in
his adult life, seemingly, decided not
to be an ordinary office-hunting poli
tician for he has not been a candidate
for an elective since he was a young
man.
Chief Justice Wilson (he is proper
ly so named now) was born in Mis
souri fifty years ago. He received his
early education in the public schools
and later entered the Mankato Nor
mal School (now Mankato State
Teachers’ College). When he finished
his course in that institution he at
tended the University of Minnesota
and was graduated in 1896. He was
admitted to the state bar the same
year.
Two years later, Chief Justice Wil
son served as probate judge of Blue
Earth country and lated served three
terms as county attorney.
Chief Justice Wilson 32-Degree Mason
During the World war he served in
various capacities. First as director
of the safety commission for Blue
Earth county; then as government ap
peal agent and food administrator
and later director of the Bureau of
War Industries for his district. He
also represented the Bureau of War
Risk Insurance as field agent. In ad
dition to these duties he served as
president of the Blue Earth County
Safety association and was a member
of the legal advisory board.
Chief Justice Wilson is a member
of the national, state and county bar
associations. He is a Protestant and
a thirty-second degree Mason, a
Shriner and an Elk.
Never Been a Corporation Lawyer
While he has been identified prom
inently with state politics, he has al
ways taken an active interest and has
been of the leaders in his district. He
has never been a corporation lawyer.
He ha« never before been appointed
to a political office. His law practice
was one of the largest in the state.
He married a Mankato school teach
er, Miss Daisy Sheehan, in 1899.
They have three children, S. Bailey
Wilson, the only son, is a senior at
the University of Minnesota; two
daughters Phyllis, 14 years old and
Carol, 12 years old. They attend the
public schools of Mankato.
On good authority we learn that
Chief Justice Wilson did not seek the
appointment.
Mr. Wilson enjoys golf and loves
Guernsey cows. He has a fine herd
of cows in which he takes a keen
interest. The new Chief Justice is a
self-made having worked his way
through college never asking favors
contending always that honest, hard
work brought due rewards.
-K-K
JEWS WARNED TO KEEP
OUT OF ANTI-KLAN ORDERS
Hebrew Magazine Sounds Warnings
to Race.
—K-K-K
Jews are counseled against joining
anti-Klan organizations in an editor
ial in the American Hebrew this week,
on the ground that counter organiza
tions are likely to intensify class and
race feeling.
Discussing the Knights of the Blaz
ing Circle, a mysterious organization
at Ka<ne, Pa., which promises to fight
the Ku Klux Klan, the American He
brew said:
“We are of the opinion that the
best way to fight the Klan is to get
behind legal authority everywhere,
where a fair deal may be had. In
sections where the authorities them
selves are under suspicion, these
should be ousted and men without
taint appointed or elected. The
bloody escutcheon of the Ku Klux
Klan is not for the Knights of the
Blazing Ring. The war against the
Klan must be relentless, yet patient
and legal. Bigotry has no chance ul
timately against far-flung lines of
justice. But a counter organization
is apt to intensify class feeling and
group hatred. We counsel Jews,
therefore, not to ally themselves with
this or any other organization, secret
or open, for the purpose of combat
ting the Klan.” —Hawkeye Indepen
dent.
-k-k
Klansmen—to Church!
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
"DULUTH HERALD”
ON “WRONG WAT”
(Duluth Herald)
Regardless of the merits of the fight
between the governor of Oklahoma
and the Oklahoma legislature, the
Federal government is unquestionably
right in refusing to let the national
authority be drawn into it by per
mitting the use of a Federal building
to house a perhaps unlawful sitting
of the legislature.
This order did not constitute taking
sides in this controversy, but even if
it had, and meant that the Federal
government had sided with the gov
ernor of Oklahoma in his fight to up
hold the law against a power that is
outside of the law and puts itself
above the law, still this would have
been the right and only right course
to take.
Governor Walton may be, unques
tionably is, indiscreet and prone to ex
cesses. Yet in one of the sovereign
states of this land he stands for the
supremacy of law and fights a sini
ster force that will, if it keeps on,
presently raise the issue whether it
or the lay is to die. Despite his in
discretions and excesses, he stands for
the right thing. Even if he some
times fights in the wrong ways, he
fights for what is right. He must,
therefore, be upheld.
—K-K-K
The “Duluth Herald” does delight
in “rapping” the Klan every once or
twice in the while. The foregoing is
the latest splatter from its editorial
desk. We call your attention to the
third paragraph.
The contention herein is made that
Governor Walton stands for law a<nd
order. The most biased news dis
patches point directly to the true si
tuation, and we know that the editor
of the “Duluth Herald” knows this, so
plainly an insiduous effort is being
made to discredit the Klan without
any regard for the facts, whatsoever.
The editor in the Zenith City evidently
enjoys snorting around like a bull in
monkey-cage and therefore “cracks”
at the K. K. K. should not be con
sidered by us—let the fellow havei his
pleasure at the usual spasmodic in
tervals—we should worry.
However ponder over the statement
—“Even if he sometimes fights in the
wrong way, he fights for what is
right.” Let us venture the query,
Can you do right by doing wrong?
“Never,” we make answer. What a
strange mind that sees righteousness
in wrong. The editor of the “Duluth
Herald” takes the position of the man
who justifies the lynching of a negro
rapist by insisting that the wrong
way corrects evil conditions. Isn’t it
absurd to make any such contention.
You cannot correct a wrong by com
mitting another wrong. The editor
of “Duluth Herald” says distinctly
that we are wrong but he being the
Oracle of the Pine Stump, his philo
soophy of the jungle must carry
“some” weight. Dear Editor, read the
12th chapter of Romans, yes, it’s in
the Bible, and learn how wild you are.
K-K-K
CONDEMN GOVERNOR
State Convention of Carpenters at
Henryetta Fall Out With Wal
ton on Pardon Orgy.
Special to The World
Henryetta, Sept., 17.—Notwith
standing the fact that Governor Wal
ton accepted the invitation of the
State Federation of Labor to address
the annual conveptiou of carpeuters
now in conventiou, aud who will be a
vital part of the Federation meeting,
adopted resolutions strongly con
demning the governor’s pardon aud
parole policy.
Delegate after delegate took the
floor to condemn the present system
so industriously being used by the
governor, and story after story was
related as instances where convicts
were released prematurely to inflict
their presence upon the good citizens
of the state. A few of the delegatee
condemned the governor’s acts while
others heaped condemnation upon the
present system of pardon and parole,
when another delegate thinking this
action too tame rose to his feet and
shouted: “It seems to me that some
of you fellows are afraid to con
demn the governor. I voted for Wal
ton and if any one has the right to
condemn him, it is the people who
made him governor, and I would not
say anything in this meeting that I
would not tell the governor to his
face.”
After a stormy session of criticism,
the resolution was offered.
-K-K
A Black Chicken
“Who’s in there?” called the own
er of the chicken coop on a dark
night.
“There ain’t nobody heah *cept ns
chickens,” an unmistakably African
voice replied.
FOOLISH LAWS
With fewer foolish laws, we
might succeed in inculcating a
greater respect for law. Thus the
district attorney of Chicago not long
ago arrested a lawbreaker whose
crime was that of bringing into Illin
ois moving pictures of the Dempsey-
Gibbons fight. It seems that the pic
ture of a prize fight is legal within
the state in which the fight was held,
but criminal the moment it crosses
a state line. The United States has
used the provisions of its interstate
commerce act to declare that while it
is legal for a citizen to witness a
prize fight in Shelby, Montana, it is
illegal for him—assuming that he is
a non-Montanan—to wituess a pic
ture of the fight in his home ,state.
Two years ago Tex Rickard dis
covered that the federal authorities
in some states were willing to ac
cept the minimum fine of SI,OOO, and
then let the pictures of the Dempsey-
Carpentier fight be shown.
Now, a prize fight is either a crime
or it isn’t. If it is a crime, it should
be abolished. If it is not, it should
be let alone. We can make nothing
of a law which declares that the
showing of a picture is wholly all
right in one state and wholly all
wrong in another. If a prize fight
takes place in St. Paul, a film may be
made of it and be shown in Stillwater.
But a monstrous crime is committed
if the film is taken across the St.
Croix and shown in Hudson. Show
the picture in Stillwater, and you are
as honorable and law-abiding a citi
zen as if you were in the business
selling textbooks to the schools. But
cross the bridge and show the pic
ture on the other side of the line and
you are a criminal eligible for five
years in the penitentiary.
The group which backed this ab
surd measure is now trying to pass
a similiar law making the transporta
tion of newspapers furnishing racing
information across the state line a
federal offense. Thus, the Minnea
polis newspapers could print in
formation of a race which took place
in Minnesota, and all papers circulat
ed within the boundaries of Minne
sota would be sinless. But any paper
which passed over, the state line
and arrived in Wisconsin would be
criminal. Woe to the man who ac
cidently forgot and left his paper in
his pocket—assuming that he hap
pened to be running up to St. Croix
Falls for the day! This man would
be entirely honorable so long as he
remained in Taylor Falls, but the
moment the wretch crossed the
bridge he would be a hardened crim
inal who should be locked up with the
burglar, the automobile thief and the
murderer.
If we are to win the widespread
respect for law that we desire, we
must beseech Congress to leave non
sense to the comic pictures and not
write such clownish measures upon
our statute books. Minneapolis
Tribune.
-K-K
QUEER
A school board hired a teacher,
paid him $75 a month to teach school,
filled the coal cellar with coal; every
thing was in readiness in September
to open school. The taxpayers paid
the taxes, which were useed to pay
the teacher’s salary. School opened,
a week went by and there were no
students. Upon making inquiry, the
teacher was informed that he had the
building and was receiving a salary
to teach a school, and it was up to
him to get the pupils there. Would
that be a queer community?
A young woman was hired as a
servant in a home. Plenty of food
was purchased, she was a good cook
and prepared excellent meals. The
first day she prepared breakfast, din
ner and supper. The father and
mother and nine children were absent
from the table. She stood it fairly
well the first day, but the second
morning she inquired why her meals
were untouched. The family replied:
“We furnish the house and the food,
and pay you a salary, now it’s up to
you to get us to eat.” Would that
be regarded as a queer family?
A church hired a preacher, gave
him a good building, paid him a
salary. He prepared his messages,
went to the church each Lord’s Day
morning and evening, but the people
were not there. Upon making in
quiry among the membership he was
informed that he was furnished a
good building and given a good sa
lary, and that it was up to him not
only to prepare sermons, but go
around and induce those paying him
to come to church. .Would that be
regarded as a queer church? There
are a lot of them ini the world. The
community hiring the school teacher
and the family hiring the servant girl
are not more queer than the church
in following this procedure.—Ex
change.
-K-K
WAS HE ON?
On the C. H. & D. Ry., between To
ledo and Hamilton, 0., is a town
called Waseon. A German picnic was
abroad the train when this town was
reached. The brakeman called the
station, “Waseon, Was-he-on.” A
German jumped up, looked wildly
around and shouted, “He vas on, but
ish now off:”
-K-K
• Support your paper
PROTESTANT MINISTER
WITH A CONVICTION
A minister, for whom the News ed
itor has much respect, and who is
known to quite a number of our peo
ple, asks us to publish the following:
The Klan and The Church
One of the most undeserved and
groundless criticisms that is being
hurled at the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan, is the charge that the organiza
tion is seeking to displace the church.
And regrettable indeed, is the fact
that this accusation comes for the
greater part from the lips and the
pens of Protestants whose eyes are
clouded with the scales of prejudice
and suspicion.
Nothing is farther from the truth
than this charge against the motives
of the Klan, and nothing could be
more illogical of its attempts, were
displaced. If it is not so founded, it
is a failure and will displace itself.
If the Christian church is built on
the solid rock of God’s eternal truth,
and the mission of the Klan were to
substitute some other organization or
movement to displace the church, God
Himself would destroy the attempts.
If the church has departed from
the path of righteousness and fallen
back into worldliness, then it needs
no outside attacks to make it a fail
ure. God has gone out of it and it
has lost its power.
Serious and tragic as it may be,
the truth must be admitted that the
average church has slipped and is still
slipping. Commercialism and modern
life has usurped the throne of gen
uine religion, and the church without
the true Christian religion has failed
and as far as the spiritual good of
mankind is concerned it might just as
well close its doors.
There is only one way possible for
the Klan to displace the church and
that is that men can find in the great
organization the spiritual food that
they ought to find in the church, but
fail to find ilj there.
If the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
lifts up the Christ high above the
heads of men and thereby draws men
unto it, then the Klan will displace
the church that fails to exalt the
same Christ.
The true motive of the Klan is to
replace the church—not displace it—
and the fact shows that in communi
ties where the Klan is strong and ac
tive, church attendance has increased
to a wonderful degree.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
does not presume to be a saintly or
ganization. But in spite of the libel
and persecution of its enemes and
the narrow prejudices and suspicion
of the uninformed Protestants, who
should be its friends, it is hallowed
by all who enter its portals as a
movement inspired of God, and called
of Him to serve a mighty mission in
the world.
No one who has ever come under
the sacred influence of the teachings
of Klancraft can appreciate what a
renewed spirit of faith in eternal God
enters the heart as they, under the
American flag and the golden cross
pledge their loyalty of heart and
service to God, America and purity of
life.
What a pitiable Protestant, indeed,
is that one who stands opposed to an
organization that is seeking to pre
serve America for liberty, and that is
fighting the most deadly foe that
America has ever known.
The Klan is opening the eyes of
many a Christian to the fact that
there is more to the Christian life
than to “be carried to the skies on
flowery beds of ease.”
A member of a prominent church
in Springfield recently volunteered
the following statement: “After I
got into the Ku Klux Klan I found
out what a worthless hypocrite I had
been. The Klan put me right with
God.”
Another Christian, seventy-five
years old, who has led prayer meet
ing and taught Bible classes for sixty
years of his life, and who recently
became a Klansman, remarked in
answer to a question of a friend as
to what he thought of the Klan:
“Well, if there is anything that is as
good as the religion of Jesus Christ,
the Klan is that thing.”
The hundreds of ministers of the
various churces that are going into
the Klan is indicative of the error
and fallacy of the charge that the
Klan is trying to substitute an organ
ization for the church. And no
preacher has yet become a Klansman
but that has been fired with new zeal
for the Master and his Work, because
the teachings of the Klan instill into
the hearts of men a courage to stand
for the truth and fearlessly to con
demn sin and vice.
Then, too, how doubly pitiful the
class of Protestants who stand aloof
from this great organization and in
their obstinate refusal to learn its
teachings, tremble without cause for
the welfare of their church, when
that very organization is fighting to
keep from destruction by papal power
the very church they love, and all
other things American and true.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
will never 6eek to displace the church
of Christ. Its great and God-ordered
mission is to destroy the powers of
hell that are seeking to destroy the
Protestant Christian church.
Protestants need to awake and put
WHAT HISTORY SHOWS
One of the most effective methods
of those who* would tear this nation
from its foundations is to falsify its
history.
From the pages of text books,
newspapers and from the platform,
it is constantly inferred that, after
all, Americans really had very little
to do with the making of America.
What strangers to our great Amer
ican family did toward the estab
lishment of this country, and the im
mensity of their alleged “contribu
tions” to our national culture, is
ceaselessly dinned into our ears by
Negro, Jewish, Catholic and Sein
Fein advocates.
By a foolish law of courtesy, we
must remain silent while these bald
lies are noisily proclaimed, until at
last the situation demands that Amer
icans tell and insist upon the great
fundamental truths of their history.
America was settled, founded and
started by several groups of men, all
of well nigh unmixed Nordic blood.
These groups coming from the
British Isles, Scandanavia, Maritime
Germany, Holland, and from among
the French Huguenots mingled and
fused so completely, that by the time
of the Revolutionary war, they were
a homegenous people of Anglo-Saxon
culture.
Flee Religious Tyranny
The purpose that impelled each of
these several groups, except a small
number in Maryland, to come hither,
was to insure to themselves and their
children forever, the uninterrupted
privilege of following some phase
of that higher form of Christianity
known as Protestantism, and distinct
ly to escape religious tyranny.
The homogeneous group that fought
and won the Revolutionary war was
white in color, Anglo-Saxon in culture
Christian in religion, and intensely
Protestant by conviction.
number of individuals who par
ticipated in that wai wno did not con
form to the above description was so
small as to be negligible, and its
influence was even smaller propor
tionately than its numbers.
A trifling number of Catholics
fought in that war. It is also true
that a few negroes were killed in the
disturbances incident thereto, and of
that war, as he profits by every event
of human woe. But never was a war
which the Jew profited by financing
fought by a people more uniform in
culture and kind.
Because of her animosity to Eng
land, France loaned Lafayette to
America. His abilities were duly ap
preciated and utilized, but his in
fluence in directing the course of
evolution, of the rising national cul
ture, was nil.
France was in no way promoted by
love for the Americans, for only a
generation before she had stooped to
the infamy of arming and training
savages in order to drive into the sea
the little fringe of Anglo-Saxonism
that was to become America.
After the revolution, the unmixed
descendants of the revolutionary
fathers built and finished that amaz
ing thing we call America, which is
the peculiar and unique product of a
breed that to this day remains white,
Anglo-Saxon, Christian and Protes
tant.
Absolutely without the most in
significant assistance, or leadership
from any other group, they created
America, its culture, industry, inven
tions, its national life, and every
thing in it that is worth while.
This one achievement alone places
this wonderful group beside the in
comparable Greeks, but as if to
make sure to posterity the unique
superiority of this breed, it has ac
complished an identical achievement
in Canada, in South Africa, in Aus
tralia, and in New Zealand, and in
all the rest of the world. In all his
tory there is no national achievement
comparable with any of these.
What Others Have Done
But beyond the influence of this
amazing people, in the contemporary
world, is displayed for our benefit
what other peoples can accomplish.
What the black can accomplish
when he is free of white overlordship
is illustrated in Haiti, an island, be
it remembered, as beautiful and fer
tile as Hawaii, called by Columbus
the Pearl of the Antilles, and situat
ed at the cross of today’s commerce.
What happens when a Jewish aris
tocracy supplants a Nordic aristro
cracy we behold in Russia.
What the Catholic can accomplish
without Protestant annoyance, is man
ifest in French Canada and Latin
America.
The Knights of Columbus strive
ceaselessly to prove to the world that
Columbus brought Christian culture
to America, and should be esteemed
by all of us as the author of Ameri
ca’s greatness.
What he brought to America is to
be found south of the Rio Grande, in
contrast to what may be achieved by
those who scorn what he brought to
America and whose work is to be
seen in America, Canada, South Afri
ca, Australia and New Zealand.
on the armor of the Lord and go
forth to battle with the Klan, in
stead of against it.—College Corner
(Ohio) News.