THE CALL of the NORTH
U published every Friday by the Gall of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul. Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fanr
or favor. '
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people's minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions hy serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, • - - - - , - Editor In Chief
REV. W. BMITH HARPER, P. D., - - - - Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR. CALL OF THE Post
Office Bo* 172, St. Paul, Minnesota. 22
THE AMERICAN SCHOOL.
More and more we are coming to realize that our schools
have a mighty task to perform. A republic like ours depends
directly upon the citizen for its life. Only in a despotism can
the individual be forgotten so far as actual government is con
cerned. It takes an intelligent citizenry to make possible an
effective democracy. If our present type of government can only
survive with a population that is intelligent, it is clear that some
institution must make it its business to educate citizens from the
standpoint of a republican form of government.
We have such an institution in the public school. We must
not tolerate a foreign school as a competitor of the American
free school system. Let us remove from our country the paro
cial school that is in session while the public school is calling
American boys and girls. Let American patriots arise and with
the sword of interest drive the parochial school from our soil.
That foreign, narrow, dangerous school threatens the stability of
our government. It strikes at our national life. It menaces our
solidarity. Americans, all who love the United States, ARISE!
VOTE THE PAROCHIAL SCHOOL OF ELEMENTARY CLASS
into eternal oblivion. The “Oregon School Law” must be placed
on the statute books of every state in the Union. That will not
be an easy task. BUT IT MUST BE DONE. The Ku Klux Klan
will never m 4 very thing has been accomplished.
Now that our schools are opening let us take a real interest
in educational matters. Never permit yourself to again slip into
an attitude of sluggish indifference. We as citizens ought seek a
better, a more effective school. Too long we have permitted
sinister forces to w#rk with freedom FOR THE DESTRUCTION
OF OUR FREE SCHOOLS. Our public schools are not all that
they should be, and it is your fault.
Get busy, Americans, and put determined hands on all con
ditions and tendencies in our country that endanger the public
school system. Eject all individuals in our school system that
do not truly love America, its government, flag—and school.
-K-K
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT MAYOR COFFEEN.
You admitted that there was no city-ordinance forbidding
the use of a street or park for an open-air lecture, so obviously
you stopped the advertised Klan lecture by using the authority
of your office without considering the seriousness of your action.
You used your position in a way that more than pleased an ele
ment in your city that hates the Ku Klux Klan, for reasons
widely known. I am satisfied that personally you saw no real
objection to the Klan lecture, except possibly that such a lecture
might cause a little “loud mouthing” by those who will use idle
threats to the great Protestant organization. “Twi
light” Om feared not the foreign-minded gang and didn’t ask
for police protection, knowing well that none was necessary. The
editor of the Call of the North has lectured over the entire state
and has yet to find a lawless mob. You can’t make him believe
that Stillwater people are any different than the people of other
Minnesota towns and cities.
What did your officious action amount to? ' You took the
ridiculous position of one who assumes the role pf interpreter, of
the Constitution. The Constitution clearly permits free speech,
yet your action ran contrary to the basic law of the nation. You
love the Constitution no less than Mr. Orn or any other good
American, yet nevertheless you let fear influence you against
your best judgment. You must admit that you suppressed free
speech by your action. Mr. Coffeen, you will find it hard to jus
tify your stand as revealed in your published statement.
Let us put a fair question to you. Who went to see you
after the heralds advertising the Klan lecture appeared on the
streets of your city? There are hundreds of people in Stillwater
that would like to know the names of those who do not believe in
Constitutional Rights. We know that you do believe in the in
alienable rights safeguarded by the Constitution, but for one or
more reasons you failed to act in line with your belief. Many in
your city have been approached and airagree that you are one
of the finest men in Stillwater. Even your best friends can’t
understand your action in connection with the Klan lecture.
Your statement- as published in a Stillwater newspaper
brands the Klan as an organization of outlawry. We know you
didn’t do it directly, however, clearly enough to be generally un
derstood. We hope you didn’t intend to do that..
Let us tell you about a certain mayor, we will call him , Mr.
X. In a Minnesota town, we won’t mention the town, Mr. X, the
mayor made application for membership in the Ku Klux Klan,
but because of the matrimonial connections he had, the mem
bers of the organization were a little afraid of him so tempo
rarily did not accept him. The mayor, Mr. X became somewhat
unfriendly toward the Klan when he learned that the had been
rejected and later when the Klan. sent a lecturer to his town he
made known that he would use the police to stop the lecture
which was advertised. Some wanted us to publish the applica
tion form showing how far the mayor had gone and reveal a pos
sible reason for an unusual unfriendly attitude toward united
Protestantism. But the Call of the North has to date refrained
from going that far. • We know positively that some day Mr. X
will see things more clearly and assume a better attitude toward
the Ku Klux Klan. Likewise, we might state here some day you
will get more light in Klancraft and see things as you should.
• K-K-K
RELIGIOUS EDUCATION AND THE KLAN.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan take a stand so firmly for
the public school of America that they seek the removal of all
elementary schools that compete with that school. Some have
come to the erroneous conclusion that leads them to think that
the Klan is against religious instruction as done by vacation
schools. The Klan advocates religious education and emphasizes
the importance of the Bible in American life. The Klan is not
against the parochial school that is in session when the public
school is not. It is the parochial school system that draws boys
and girls away from the public school that we are against. Of
course we would be opposed to efforts made to shorten the public
school term just to make possible a parochial school term which
extends more than three months—the usual length of the sum
mer school vacation.
A FEW WORD 3 FOR THE TEACHER.
We wonder how many American teachers will fully realize
the greatness of their place in the United States? Let us give
you the words of Daniel Webster for careful thought:
“If we work upon marble, it will perish; if we work upon
brass, time will efface it; if we rear temples, they will crumble
into dust; but if we work upon immortal minds, if we imbue
them with principles, with the just fear of God, and love of our
fellow-men, we engrave on those tablets something which will
frighten to all eternity.” ..
WHEN SEPTEMBER COMES.
Ding-dong-ding-dong. “The last bell is ringing, Jimmy,
hurry now, don’t get late; be a good boy, study hard. Jimmy,
did you wash your ears? No? Come right back this
minuted I’d rather you’d get late than go dirty. Land sakes,
such a boy; just like his father. Jimmy, come right here; I’ll
tell your father—just you wait, young man.” The typical Ameri
can youngster pays little attention to the hurried words of his
mother. The school bell, the dreaded school' bell is calling him.
If it had been the second or third day of school, being tardy
wouldn’t trouble Jimmy much, but the first day—well, he simply
must be on time.
Vacation days are over. It is school now for many months.
Over the entire nation the magic of the school bell will fill school
rooms with millions of boys and girls. Seven hundred thousand
teachers will take up their important duties. By law the child
is compelled to attend school—and it is well that it should be
thus. The importance of education is now well recognized in
the United States. The coming of school days suggest some
ESSENTIALS deserving most careful consideration.
THE TEACHER. I don’t care how much a community
spends for school buildings, if the teaching staff is not compe
tent, the school is worth very little. THE TEACHER MAKES
THE SCHOOL. The teacher works with the most wonderful
thing in creation—the mind of a human being. Yet we permit
men and women to serve as teachers that are absolutely unfit
for the tremendous responsibilities that are theirs. By our nar
row and short-sighted policies we drive the best teachers out of
the school room and into industry. We force our teachers to
work and live under conditions that do everything but make the
teaching profession attractive. I have served as teacher and
school executive, so know whereof I write. It is shameful how
we Americans have forced teachers to accept mountains of dis
couragement, overwork, uncertainties of teniire and wrecked
nervous systems with premature old age, for monetary returns
that continuously suggest the poorhouse or charity. Do you
suppose for a minute that red-blooded men and women of ability
are going to work in the teaching profession with an outlook that
is no better than that of a coal miner or an ignorant millhand?
What is the result of our foolishness? Consider the following
facts:
30,000 teachers hi our public schools have no education be
yond the eighth grade of the elementary school.
100,000 teachers have had leas than two years’ education
beyond the eighth grade.
200,000 teachers have had less than foijr years’ education
beyond the eighth grade.
300,000 teachers have had no more than four years’ educa
tion beyond the eighth grade.
300,000 teachers have had no special preparation for the
work of teaching.
THE SCHOOL BUILDING. It is very imoprtant that sat
isfactory buildings be erected and maintained for educational
purposes. I have seen many school buildings that a farmer
would not consider good enough for his hogs, used year in and
year out as school houses. The health of childhood is wrecked
in many school buildings now in use. Yet nothing worth men
tioning is being done to better the school buildings in thousands
of districts spread over the entire nation. Overcrowding is a
common condition and dangerous. Wake up, Americans. Yes, I
know you shout, “I’m already taxed higher than I can stand.”
It is mighty poor economy that makes the child pay in ill health.
TEXTBOOKS. Do you realize that there are books used in
the public schools of America that are instruments of propa
ganda of a most un-American kind ? Our boys and girls are
taught things that tend to destroy all sparks of love for our great
institutions, principles, ideals and traditions. Investigate the
textbooks used in your school.
CO-OPERATION. The parents and teachers should work
together for the good of the child. It is nearly criminal the way
parents neglect their school. Rarely do you visit your school or
show a constructive interest in matters of education. The
teacher needs genuine co-operation from the fathers and mothers
of the children placed in her charge. What are you going to do
this year? —P. J- ORN.
“YES, WE HAVE NO BANANAS”
AN IRONICAL EDITOR
Too long have we hung our heads
in shame. We hpve been told that
twentieth century America had no
sense of art comparable to that dis
played by thirteenth century Europe.
We have been told that our 1928
civilization was poor beside the 600-
300 B. C. civilization of the ancient
Greeks. We have even been informed
that American music of the hour was
inferior to music turned out by the
Beethovens, Wagners and Strausses
of Germany during the past 160
years. At last, however, we are sup
plied with a weapon which demo
lishes, at a single blow, all the stric
tures aimed against us by these mali
cious and prejudged critics. The
United States has developed a wild
enthusiasm for a truly American
song. Within three months this
masterpiece has sold more than a
million copies. Within the next three
months, we are given to understand,
it will sell at least another million
copies.
Let us observe, merely, the literary
quality of this song:
“Yes! We have no bananas; we have
no bananas today.
We just killed a pony,
So try our bologny,
It’s flavored with oats and hay.
We have those New Ham-SHY-re
squashes,
They taste like Go-LAH-shoes,
But YESI We have no bananas, we
have no bananas today.”
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
K-K
IAL THAT IS TIMELY
Could anything be more exquisite?
Why should we Americans bear
longer the slander of our critics when
we have a song like this to confound
them? Here we Americans are buy
ing this song by the millions, and
singing it by the tens of millions, and
our enemies declare we lack taste!
There are those, for example, who
would try to make us believe that
Elizabethan England had better taste
than 1923 America because Elizabeth
an England responded to such dog
gerel as the following:
“Hark, hark! the lark at heaven’s
gates sings,
And Phoebus ’gins arise,
His steeds to water at those springs
On chalked flowers that lies;
And winking Mary-buds begin
To open their golden eyes:
With everything that pretty is,
My lady sweet, retire.”
This foolish ditty was composed by
an Englishman named Shakespeare.
It was later set to music by a Ger
man named Schubert not to be con
fused with the New York Shuberts,
Lee and Jake). Now, if anybody
cares to examine this collaborated
effort of seventeenth century England
and nineteen century Germany, and
compare it with the reignipg song
hit of August, 1923, he cannot—as
suming that he is fair-minded— fail
to be impressed by the progress we
have made in the arte of poetry and
THE NATIONAL SCHOOL
-K-K
PROFESSOR DALLAS LORE SHARP SAYS
THINGS THAT OUGHT TO MAKE US THINK
-k-k
By ALFRED H. HENRY. (From New Age)
The sinister drift of American me
and ideals, from the days of their
inception to .now, is nowhere more
clearly evident than in the necessity
for sustained struggle and persistent
and determined effort to re-establish
and maintain our American public
schools.
The founders of this Republic
realized from the first that free insti
tutions in a free land could be estab
lished and preserved only on the basis
of a universal educational system
maintained by the state and free
from sectarian bias or the control of
any special interest. .
How else could the spirit of a true
democracy be nurtured? Our fathers
would never have had the vision or
the courage necessary to attempt to
found a government of, for and by a
free people had it not been for their
faith in the efficacy of the system of
free education which they inaugurat
ed.
It was a bold measure, with no
precedent for it in the history of any
other people, but they adopted it as
vital to the life and perpetuity of the
nation and built it into the very
foundation of government.
Prof. Dallas Lore Sharp of Boston
University, in a very informing ar
ticle on “The National School,” in
the October number of Harper’s
Magazine, speaks of the ‘Compact,”
signed on the Mayflower in 1620, the
“Law of Massachusetts Colony” in
1647, and the “Ordinance for the
Government of the Territory of the
United States Northwest of the River
Ohio,” in 1787, to prove that public
compulsory education, supported and
supervised by the state was an es
sential and vital part of the original
American program.
Public School as Native as the Missis
sippi
“The public school is not only na
tional,” declares Professor Sharp, “as
national as the flag, it is also na
tive, as native as the Mississippi
River and the hills of Hingham,....
It originated here to meet an utterly
new educational need.”
Instead of drifting away from that
need—which our fathers recognized
as .vital, fundamental, and pertaining
to the very life of the nation —we
have come to the point where we
realize t&hat the laxity and indif
ference of the American people to
the preservation of this foundation
stone has imperilled the safety and
stability of the very structure which
they fondly hoped to build.
The Most Mistaken Institution in
America
No one can read Professor Sharp’s
article to its logical conclusion and
realize how deep are the lines of
cleavage between class and class of
our American citizentry—creating
misunderstandings, contracted view
points and radical antagonisms, and
all originating from the selfish and
shortsighted betrayal of the trust
committed to us by the founders of
this Republic, without also realizing
that the highest patriotic duty of
the present day is to retrace our steps
before the mischief is irreparable.
“One of the most mistaken institu
tions in America,” says Professor
Sharp, “is the parochial school
Why, in the fundamental process of
making Americans, cannot the
Catholic Church accept the historic,
the established, the fundamental in
stitution for that purpose? In with
drawing, it proclaims its distrust of
the American public school and of the
American public, except the Catholic
portion of it. It would seem to be
lieve in educating only the Catholic
public.
“This is not true of the Catholics
only. But let the Methodists do this;
let the Baptists, let the Jews, let
capital, let labor —let every tribe and
trade, every caste and creed thus set
about the building up, by the power
ful means of education, its own closed
mind, and our House of Democracy,
song writing. Take those charming
phrases: “We just killed a pony, so
try our bologny, it’s flavored with
oats and hay.” As the eminent
critic, Will Rogers, remarks, this is
not only great poetry but honesty
which should be rewarded. The au
thor is on the level. He is telling
you just what you get. Is there any
honesty, by contrast, in the English
man’s assertion that “Phoebus ’gins
arise, his steeds to water at those
springs, on caliced flowers that lies?”
Why, the Englishiqpn’s stuff isn’t
even grammatical, let alone being ac
curate. We know perfectly well that
there isn’t any Phoebus, any more
than that there is a Santa Claus. The
Englishman, apparently, never knew
what he was talking about.
We, Americans, can’t be fooled any
more. We know great poetry and
great music when we see it. A na
tion of 110 millions of people that is
resounding with “Our Hen Fruit,
have you tried ’em, real live Chickens
inside ’em,” is a nation gifted with
the highest poetic and musical sense.
That is all there is to it. From now
on, we take off our hats to nobody.
We hare arrived.
founded upon the rock of mutual un
derstanding and support, comes
crashing to its fall.”
f
American Institutions Trembling in
the Balance
It is surely time for free men who
love their country to awake. With
an astounding condition of iliteracy
revealed in all our states, with incom
petents everywhere vying with the
disloyal for the exercise of the sov
ereign right of franchise, with the
future of American free institutions
trembling in the balance, and with
the foes of that free education, which
alone can xemedy the evil, never so
united as now—it is surely time that
concerted, conservative action should
be taken.
First, let us see to it that the
Towner? Sterling Bill becomes a law
before the adjournment of the next
Congress!
Second, let us unite our efforts in
every state for the passage of a law
providing for the free and compul
sory education of the children of the
commonwealth in the public schools
of the state.
Third, let us educate the people to
see the need of such expansion and
improvement of our educational pro
gram as shall make up for our care
lessness and inefficiency in the past,
by providing night schools for illit
erate adults and Americanization
schools for the foreign-born and the
parochially trained.
Fourth, let us see to it that only
genuine Americans, loyal to our free
institutions, are elected to our school
boards or selected as regents of our
higher institutions of learning.
The carrying out of this program
means united and persistent effort,
and it may mean a protracted strug
gle against the indifferent, the luke
warm and the vicious; but it also
means “the most sacred concern, in
deed the only hope of the nation,”
and to it we should be willing to de
vote ourselves.
K-K-K
THIS MAGAZINE PROVED
TO BE WIDE TRAVELER
The Imperial Night-Hawk makes
some pretty long flights, but an 800-
mile flutter by one copy which was
read by eight different Klansmen
bids fair to establish a record.
It happened in the Realm of Wyo
ming where distances are great. The
copy of the Imperial Night-Hawk
started from the Klavem at Caspar,
Wyoming. A rancher rode fifty miles
with it and turned it over to a
friend. He in turn passed it on. It
came back to Caspar, dog eared and
dirty, with the names and addresses
of eight Klansmen who had read it
written on the cover.
The Grand Dragon of Wyoming is
keeping it as a souvenir. »
K-K-K
MOTION PICTURE TO SHOW
WORK OF KLAN.
which will depict the patriotic work
of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan,
is being promoted in the state of
Florida.
The movie is designed to counter
act an anti-klan picture which is
planned by Thomas Dixon, who wrote
the story on which was based the
“Birth of a Nation.”
“Armageddon,” according to the
plans of the company which will pre
sent it, will be a stupendous spectacle
dealing with the modern-day Klan.
In some of the scenes several thou
sand Klansmen will participate. D.
W. Griffith will be asked to direct it
and motion picture stars of interna
tional fame will take the leading
roles.
K-K-K
THE FIERY CROSS
Suggested by the “Fiery Cross on
Pike’s Peak, as pictured in The Im
perial Night-Hawk.
Higher, ever higher, mounts the
Fiery Cross;
Farther, ever farther, o’er the land
it goes;
Spreading holy principles of right
eoousness and truth,
Liberty and justice, for aged and for
youth.
Deeper, ever deeper, in the hearts of
men;
Firmer, ever firmer, it’s truths are
einging in;
Teaching them that Purity’s the only
thing worth while—
That Equity, morality, must over
come what’s vile.
Sweeter, ever sweeter, is the story
that it tells;
Greater, ever greater, the respect
that it compels;
For it overcomes corruption, and
everything that’s bad;
To the weak gives inspiration, cheers
the lonely and the sad.
So higher, ever higher, may the
Fiery Cross arise
Till its scintilating glory fills the
Nation’s longing eyes,
Heralding the victory that for us
all awaits,
Through the ruling “by the people”
of these great United States.
—Rev. W. H. Stephens, Nara Visa,
N. M.
KUNSMEN'S CRITERION
Christ is the Klansman’s criterion
of character and conduct in all ques
tions with which he has to deal. The -
Golden Rule is simple and easily ap
plied: Do unto others as you
would have" others do unto you.
Every thought and act at variance
with the Sermon on the Mount is un
sound and false according to Klan
kraft - i -jiU
-K-K
NEGRO PRIESTS NEEDED
Father John E. Burke, preaching
in New York recently, declared that
the Catholic church is working stead
ily to secure conversions among the
negroes in the United States. “We
need more colored priests and colored
nuns to sow the seed,” he said.
SALVATION ARMY HUT
BUILT BY KLANSMEN
St. Louis Klansmen have just com
pleted the erection of a new Salva
tion Army “hut” in the children’s
summer camp of that organization,
near St. Louis.
The Salvation Army maintains the
camp so that mothers and children
who cannot afford a vacation may
be allowed a few days in the country
each year as a respite to the intoler
able heat of the city.
The camp opened with twelve
“huts” and accommodations were
badly strained. The Salvation Army
appealed to various local organiza
tions to help them erect additional
quarters but not until the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan heard of the mat
ter was any help extended.
Klansmen of St. Louis, to the num
ber of several hundred, bought the
building material, hauled it to the
camp in trucks, and themselves took
hammer and saw and constructed a
new “hut.” Work started at 11 A. M.
and by 7 P. M. the “hut” was finish
ed and fully furnished at the Klans
men’s expense. It is now occupied
by sixteen children who are enjoying
a summer’s outing.
Several St. Louis ministers, lawy
ers, and doctors were in the group of
volunteer Klan laborers. Women of
the Ku Klux Klan provided the
workers with ice water and refresh
ments.
When the “hut” was completed,
Klansmen in full regalia dedicated it
and received thanks from the Salva
tion Army officials in charge. The
Klan distributed candy, ice cream and
other refreshments to the children in
the camp when they paid their visit.
A MASONIC STAND
Speaking of the matter of the en
forcement of prohibition the National
Masonic Trestle Board of San Fran-
cisco says:
“In the meantime there is but one
position that a Mason can take and
remain true to the teachings of the
fraternity. In so far as he is con
cerned the law of the land is to be
obeyed. And also his interest should
be upon the side of the authorities
who are seeking honestly to enforce
obedience. There can be no middle
ground of indifference, even for those
whose private opinions may incline to
modification or repeal. There has
been too much paltering with the sit
uation until the elements that thrive
on crime and disorder imagine that
they can flout all law. For those who
are pledged to support of good gov
ernment to ignore any part of their
duty because of personal" likes or dis
likes is to play the hypocrite and to
give support to the forces and influ
ences that are most dangerous in an
admittedly critical time.”—Masonic
Tribune.
-K-K
A WORTHY PROGRAM
The Montgomery Bulletin takes
great pleasure in concurring in the
following declaration of principles for
which the Supreme Council of the
Scottish Rite stands, and would urge
its readers to do all in their power
for the advancement of this worthy
program.
I.—A federal department of educa
tion with a secretary in the Presi
dent’s cabinet, and federal aid for
public school purposes, under the ab
solute control of the states.
2. —A national university at Wash
ington, supported by the government.
3. —The compulsory use of English
as the language of instruction in the
grammar grades.
4. —Adequate provision for the edu
cation of the alien population, not
only in cultural and vocational sub
jects, but especially in the principles
of Americans institutions and popu
lar sovereignty.
5. —The entire separation of church
and state and opposition to every at
tempt to appropriate public moneys,
directly or indirectly, for the support
of sectarian institutions.
6-—The American public school,
non-part isan, non-sectarian, efficient,
democratic; for all the children of all
the people; equal educational oppor
tunities for all.
7.—The inculation of patriotism,
love of the flag, respect for law and
order and undying loyalty to constitu
tional government.