THE CALL of the NORTH
is published every Friday by the Call of the North Puhlishtn* Co., St. Paul. Minaeaota,
and will stand lor American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds, to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live In.
News ef truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious Questions by serious
people. v
The fiAT.T. OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, - - - > - - - » Editor In Chief
nrev w smith carper, p. p. f I - - • Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE — - - By Mail *2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, GALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul. Minnesota.
LAWLESSNESS
William Pitt, a famous English statesman, once said, “Where
law ends there tyranny begins.” Any condition of lawlesness
that is permitted to exist by the officers of the law endangers na
tional stability. It is doubtful whether or not the average po
liceman or sheriff realizes fully the part he takes in government.
Surely many duly constituted officers of the law don’t care what
parts are theirs in our scheme of government. There are police
officials in nearly every city of any size that not only fail to do
their duty but even assist law violators.
Law must be enforced without fear and without favor. Rich
and poor alike who violate law should feel the hand of justice.
Any person with only a little observation has seen case after case
where money took a big part in evading the penalties of law vio
lation. The man of the street frequently says, “Steal a loaf of
bread and go to prison; steal a railroad and go to Congress.”
This statement is not entirely untrue.
The ragged, friendless tramp is arrested frequently just to
make an “arrest-record,” and given the limit on a fictitious charge.
A tramp though he is, yet he does some thinking and is driven
farther into criminality by being made the victim of a policeman’s
misguided ambition to place himself in official circles. A well
dressed man with money sticking out of every pocket or a promi
nent checkbook showing a big balance will be kindly assisted to a
taxi and sent home, even though ten times more guilty of a law
violation than the tramp. Again we say it, law should be en
forced without favor and without fear.
We have noticed that policemen frequently suffer loss of
vision, at least so it seems. They go down the street and pounce
on a slot machine with the courage of a Sampson, but for months
walk deliberately past gambling and vice holes. No one can tell
us that the police just don’t happen to find the resorts of lawless
ness for long periods of time. If they haven’t been getting pro
tection money, its all beyond understanding.
The lecture “Jesus of Nazareth,” is sent forth to our readers
because we regard it as a successful argument with the “New
Theology,” and likewise because it is in line with the position
of the Ku Klux Klan.
The time has come when all who accept the Bible as God’s
word to man and Jesus as His only begotten Son should resist
the Jewish propaganda which seeks to reduce the Bible to a level
with Shakespearian drama and Miltonian poetry, and to class
Jesus with Confucius, Socrates and Plato.
Moreover, no true Klansman doubts either the inspiration
of the Scripture or the deity of Jesus. The Bible is the Klans
man’s guide book and Jesus is the Klansman’s Criterian.
So far as our knowledge goes, and we have read extensively
upon the subject, Dr. Rutledge is the first man to offer proof of
Jesus’ earthly life and establish His deity without appealing to
the Scriptures. When we saw this lecture Advertised for the
Peoples Auditorium, St: Paul, we decided to hear it and likewise
arrange to have it taken stenographically. When the lecture was
concluded, we were convinced that the argument was complete
and that it should have a larger hearing. This is our apology for
making it our leader this week.
We are particularly impressed with Dr. Rutledge’s delivery
of the lecture. He made no pretense or resorted to no cheap ora
torical methods, yet held his audience from start to finish. It
was the spell of a great argument rather than the magnetism of a
man that explains the remarkable interest of the people.
Throughout his discourse, Dr. Rutledge had the appearance of a
man who felt that he had been sent with a vital message for
his day.
It is our conviction that this lecture should be put into per
manent form and widely distributed.
September 17 is Constitution Day. Mrs. Manley L. Fosseen,
of Minneapolis, vice chairman of the Republican state central
committee has sent out letters to G. 0. P. leaders in various towns
and. to women’s clubs asking them to take part in the celebration
of Constitution Day. This was a very laudable action. Let us
all, regardless of political connection, get behind a statewide, yes,
nationwide observance of the day which should stand out con
spicuously as a national holiday.
Klans over the entire United States will appropriately ob
serve Constitution Day, for the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan love
the Constitution and earnestly seek to re-awaken the American
people to a true appreciation of this great document. There are
sinister forces laboring continuously to destroy our Constitution
and have succeeded in creating a dangerous indifference toward
our basic laws. There are a large number of people who speak
of the Constitution in words of contempt and in the same breath
shout their Americanism in wild terms of boastfulness.
In Minnesota there is a law requiring the teaching of the
Constitution in the public school. This law should be rigidly en
forced. If boys and girls leave our schools without a true love
for the Constitution, teachers have failed to do their full duty.
WHO DISCOVERED AMERICA?
On September 28,1000 A. D., Lief Ericsson, a Norseman, dis
covered America. So when we celebrate Discovery Day we ought
to make certain that the right man gets the credit for the great
achievement. Powerful organizations in this country have sys
tematically been working for a nation-wide observance of Colum
bus Day, but to cover their real motives they have been satisfied
with the name, Discovery Day in some states where a Columbus
Day would not be received with much enthusiasm.
Columbus did not discover America. History will show that
the man from Genoa died, knowing nothing about America.
That man from Italy referred to as Columbus was not an
Italian, but a Jew, and it is strange that the Catholics of this
country insist on placing him before the public as an Italian and
a Catholic. Further, the Genoan Jew’s real name was Colon, and
not Columbus. ___ * .
JESUS OF NAZARETH
CONSTITUTION DAY
A move te extend the recognition of Lief Ericsson as the dis
eoveror of America certainly will have support of the Ku
Klux Klan.
Discovery Day should be observed on*September 28. Watch
the Knights of Columbus fight every effort made by the twenty
five Norwegian organizations to bring about a very tardy recog
nition of Lief Ericsson.
Men who are color-blind do not distinguish one color from
another, and so do not see the danger-signals that glow red. The
trouble-blind do not distinguish menacing dangers from construc
tive activities. The trouble-blind are continually shouting “Down
with the crepe-hangers. Full speed ahead.” This variety of
Pollyanna feels keenly but thinks very little. There are few
things as dangerous to our national welfare as trouble-blind op
timists.
The thinking mind is alert, fully realizing that there are con
d-uons in America demanding an antidote—organized American
ism; in other words, the Ku Klux Klan.
THE INDIFFERENT CITIZEN
Does not really think;
Has no definite convictions;
Is a spineless creature.
Insists on being an ultra-optimist ;
Is not interested in politics;
Votes rarely;
Is ignorant of menacing dangers;
Damns the militant American.
The Ku Klux Klan
I am a Searchlight on a high tower.
I run my relentless eye to and fro throughout the land;
my piercing glance penetrates the brooding places of In
iquity. I plant my eyes and ears in the whispering corri
dors of Crime.
Wherever men gather furtively together, there am I,
an austere and invisible Presence. I am the Recording
Angel’s proxy.
When I invade the fetid dens of Infamy there is a sud
den scampering and squeaking as of rats forsaking a
doomed ship. >
I am the haunting dread of the depraved and the hated
Nemesis of the vicious.
When the Law is weak, then lam strong. When Jus
tice stands impotent and dumb, then I do speak with
majesty and power. lam an outstretched arm to Society’s
unrequitted victim—the swift avenger of Innocence de
spoiled.
My Voice is as the sound of many waters. Sometimes
it rises in mighty wrath until it muffles the thunders of
Niagara. Sometimes it sinks to the still, sad music of con
solation and sympathy. Always and ever I speak for the
sanctity of the home, for a stainless Flag, and for the pres
ervation of these benign institutions of the free.
Corrupt politicians, plotters, despoilers of the state,
seek to quench my light and still my voice.
lam a bulwark and bell-tower of Democracy. Within
my realm Dives relinquishes his millions and Lazarus his
rags. The poor man here is as rich as the richest, and the
rich man as poor as the pauper. I know but one distinction,
and that is unsullied manhood.
I am the burning beacon in the uplifted hand of Lib
erty. lam the sword and Buckler of that mighty, invisi
ble Emperor of a free people—Justice.
My symbols are the Fiery cross and the scintillating,
stainless Flag.
The foe of Vice, the friend of Innocence, the rod and
staff of Law, I am—
THE KU KLUX KLAN!
The foregoing excellent “I Am 1 ’ was taken from that splen
did publication known as “The American Citizen.”
“It is the duty of nations, as well as of men, to own their
dependence upon the everlasting power of God, to confess their
«ina and transgressions in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope
lhat genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon, and to
recognize the sublime truth announced in the Holy Scriptures,
hnd proven by all history, that those nations only are blessed
whose God is the Lord; and insomuch as we know that, by Hisf
Divine Law, nations, like individuals, are subjected to punish*
tatents and chastisements in this world, may we not justly fear
that the awful calamity of civil war, which now desolates the
land mav be but a punishment inflicted upon us for our pre-'
sWituous sins, to the merciful end of our NATIONAL RE
FORMATION as a whole people?”
THE MEANING OP AMERICA.
In most nations the race tie is the
idea at the basis of political unity.
In each of them, one race so far out
numbers all other races that the na
tional name implies a blood kinship
of its citizens. But in our nation, in
the United States, the tie is not of
blood, but of belief in an ideal of lib
erty; therefore race does not count in
determining whether or not one is
an American. In that respect Amer
ica is unique among great, independ
ent nations.
Our Republic was founded by peo
ple of many races, all intent upon one
idea—political liberty. From many
lands there came to these shores
men and women who cherished the
idea of political liberty above race or
creed or financial interest. By their
devotion they made here a nation
with liberty and equality for all.
That ideal furnishes the real test of
Americanism. No man, woman or
child who wishes special privileges,
is a real American. No man, woman
or child knowingly denies to another
equal rights is a real American: for
all Americans must “hold these
truths to be self-evident, that all men
lare created equal; that they are en
dowed by their Creator with'"certain
unalienable rights; that among these
are, life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.”
Governments arc created among
men to make these rights secure.
The best and noblest men and women
> THE CALL OF THK NOBTB
TROUBLE-BLINDNESS
ABRAHAM LINCOLN SAID
of every race have always been ready
to sacrifice private interests, and
even life itself, to preserve them to
the world. Resistance to these ideas
is treason to the best that is in every
race; the defense of them is the su
preme duty of every American, and
our history is glorious just in so far
as we have defended them.—National
Security League Pamphlet.
THERE IS UTILE HOPE
There is little hope for the exten
sion of Christianity so long as greed
rules the world. People who are
crazed for material things have lit
tle time and less inclination for the
spiritual side of life. Too much lux
ury will ruin any people. In olden
times only rich people could suffer
decadence from that cause, but mod
em inventions have put luxuries with
in reach of a great majority of the
people. Automobiles, picture shows,
and the vulgar dances of this age
leave little time and less inclination
for mental or moral improvement. A
good time is the slogan now with
young people. It was hard times and
not good times that gave us the truly
great men of the'world. But when
parents blindly permit their daugh
ters to go out alone in automobiles
with men and remain until 2 o’clock
in the morning, little can be expected
in the future evolution of the human
race.
Selected
THE CURSE OF A NATION
The Movie Industry is in the Control of
Conscienceless Jews.
The time has come for the manhood
of this country to assert itself and
drive the filthy sexual pictures for
ever from the screen. The movies have
taken just as an important place in
the life of this nation as the high
schools.
The principals of these movie
schools are conscienceless Jews, the
teachers are shameless bawds, and
the curriculum consist of the school
of hugging, the school of the soul
kiss, the school of the tryst, the all
night in a barn, the fight for honor,
the illegitimate child, the school of
the drunken orgy, the school of the
wild party, the school of the crooked
married woman; the course is daily
ground into the youth of this na
tion, until it has come to think the
wQd life of sin and shame is but the
conventional course to pursue.
The time has come for the man
hood of this country to assert itself
and lash those imposters into the field
of decency.
Lay not the social evils of the day
to the unrest that followed the great
war.
The moving picture industry has
almost broken down the moral life of
this country.
That industry is owned and con
trolled by a bunch of conscienceless
Jews, of the same type of Hebrews
who controlled and owned bawdy
houses of the great cities of the
East.
They have become millionaires and
complete masters of an institution
which in point of education, and in
fluence, ranks with the high school
system of America. ,
No man can successfully gainsay
that statement.
Possessed of the most tremendous
factor in the child life of this coun
try, have they used it to elevate, in
spire and ennoble the youth of this
land ?
Those depraved Jews eagerly
sought to deprave the children of a
nation that they might profit by their
downfall.
THE NATION'S
GREATEST WEALTH
Democracy rests upon excellence
in character. The greatest wealth of
our country is the moral quality of
her citizens.
The longer on this earth we live
And weigh the various qualities of
men,
Seeing how most are fugitive
Or fitful gifts at best of now and
* then.
The more we feel the high, stern
featured beauty
Of plain devotedness to duty,
Steadfast and still, nor paid with
mortal praise,
But finding amplest recompense
For life’s ungarlanded expense
In work done squarely and un
wasted days.
“This tribute to Washington (in
Lowell’s Under the Old Elm) points a
truth so simple and so obvious that
youth may sometimes overlook its
fundamental importance. Democ
racy is rooted in moral excellence.
Character is at once its chief safe
guard and its sublimest hope. There
is need, as we have seen, fer cer
tain external reconstruction; there is
need in a democracy for widespread
common-sense and far-seeing intelli
gence and trained ability to work to
gether. But these are only instru
ments. Their value lies in what they
can contribute to the making of souls;
for it is just this contribution to a
nobler type of living that gives a
nation its highest reason for being.
The mission of America among the
nations is to show what splendid
types -of human personality can be
bred under the ideal of freedom.
Like the Roman mothers, she must
exhibit as her jewels her.sons and
daughters.
“Concern, then, for moral char
acter is not to be regarded as some
thing to be annexed to other features
of citizenship and of school life as
one might add a room or a wing to
a building. It is to be the animat
ing breath of all that the school un
dertakes to do for our country. The
greatest wealth of the nation being
moral personality, political freedom
is precious as a way of increasing
that wealth and elevating its quality.
“Without tedious moralizing, lit
erature lessons can bring this fact
home. The more our pupils grow in
the power of sustained reflection, the
more we should seek to have them
reflect upon the ethical principles
that give grandeur to the ideal of
freedom. Every admirable American
life is a guaranty that our freedom
is worth possessing. Every act of
noble self-reliance, of integrity, of
self-discipline, of bravery, of gener
osity, of self-denying, disinterested
service, is one more step toward the
truest of all freedoms, the liberation
of what is best in mankind from its
own unworthy entanglements. Our
literature is rich in beautiful inspi
rations to this end. Let us make
the most of them. In the service of
American ideals, ‘thought of kindling
itself at tiie living Are of thought*
has mighty *aahi fte push forward
and magnificent resources to bring to
Hght.”-rHenry Neumann.
Those children of five and seven
years ago are the young people of
today, and in their acts you see the
results of that intensive schooling.
Go out upon the highways, and
even in the downtown streets, and
you see those young people who
were'taught to hug and kiss, by the
bawds of the screen, and what are
they doing? They are hugging and
clinching in the back seats and front
seats of automobiles brazenly before
the public gaze. They learned that
lesson on the screen and nowhere
else.
I have heard, and you have heard
preachers, too, stand in the pulpit
and attribute modern conditions to
the progress of the world. Ye gods,
can there be any progress in de
bauchery?
The crop of girls who are now kiss
ing and hugging every boy they go
with, the crop of girls who are now
drinking whiskey and getting drunk
in the arms of any beau who brings
the “com;" the crop of girls who
have murdered their womanhood is
the crop that came from the scanda
lous seed sown on the screen.
A majority of our girls have gone
through the terrible gauntlet un
scathed, and with little to regret,
but thousand have gone down, and
more are going down if those schools
of passion and sin and shame are
not closed.
I want to tell you mothers, condi
tions are appalling. I want to tell
you fathers that condiions are beyond
amazement. The obscene, filthy and
depraved joke has a circulation co
extensive with society. The average
youth of today no more hesitates to
pull a bawdy house joke in the pres
ence of anybody than a preacher hes
itates to say prayers in a church. If
your little daughter hasn’t heard any
of those foul jokes, she hasn’t been
out.
If you little girl hasn’t been of
fered whiskey, she hasn’t been out
much.—Mayfield Weekly.
A SUNSET PRAYER.
How still and calm, and filled with
one great peace,
This wondrous sunset is! May it not
cease
To be as beautiful to others’ eyes
That soon shall question it as their
sunrise.
0 Rather, unto them let their day be
A sweet revealment, as my day to me.
Oh! let it prove to them that from
the strife
Unceasing spring the sweetest songs
of life;
That out of tears a blessed solace
flows
That is to them what rain is to the
rose— ■
A cleansing from the heart of dusty
care
That it, made pure, may breathe a
sweeter prayer.
Help them remember that there is no
night
Between our sunset and eternal light,
Only a passing through a golden
haze ~
While yet earth-blinded —just a little
ways—
To where, once children of the Light,
we be
Children of Light again, unfettered,
free.
—John P. Sjolander.
FOR A BOY WHO WAS POOR.
By P. R. HAYWARD.
“Lord, I thank thee for the record
that says that thou had no place on
which to lay thy head. The foxes
had better homes than thine, and the
birds of the air, I read, knew where
to go at the call within them of
home. The great army of the poor
throughout the world have owned
thee as a brother and I am glad of
this bond between myself and thee,
for I, too, am poor.
“Save me from a cringing submis
sion to an unkind fate. Help me to
bear up bravely in the long, hard
fight for shelter and warmth and
success. Save me from bitterness
against those more fortunate than
myself. Forgive me if, in freeing
myself from poverty, I should be
willing to find my freedom by any
means that would make necessary
the poverty of others. Teach me that
the only true wealth lies in the pos
sessions of the soul and that only he
who lives meagerly within is really
poor.
“Strengthen, O God, every arm and
every heart that are dedicated to the
removal of the causes that keep mil
lions of my fellows poor and hasten
the day when justice shall prevail in
the market places of the world.
Make statesmen wise and fearless.
Give to owners of much property a
broad picture of life. And whatever
we may own grant always we may
be inwardly rich. Amen.”
AN EXPERT.
Counsel: “The cross-examination
didn't seem to worry you at all.
Jfave you had any experience in that
Itoet"
Client: “Married three times.”
SCUM 0’ TNE
MELTING-POT
By HERBERT KAUFMAN.
The Declaration of Independence,
the Constitution and the Gettysburg
Address are descendants of the
Magna Charts—supreme symbols of
Anglo-Saxon souls striving for free
dom, justice and humanity. Anglo-
Saxons established this nation, wrote
its code and sent their sons into the
wilderness to gather fresh stars for
the flag.
Anlo-Saxon purpose cowed the in
tervening wastes, discovered world
granaries beneath the prairies, scaled
the grim western hills and unmasked
Eldorado, questioned sullen deserts
until they answered with gardens,
and finished on the Pacific the great
adventure begun at Plymouth Rock.
Then, when the last taunting hori
zon had been met and vanquished,
when axe and rifle had won an em
pire, when scattered settlements were
beaded on threads of steel, and a safe
highway through opportunity had
been paved in their generous blood,
the pioneers, the risk-takers, tossed
their port-keys into the ocean and in
vited all creation to come at leisure
and share a “sure thing.”
The making of America is funda
mentally an Anglo-Saxon achieve
ment. Anglo-Saxon brains have
guided the course of the republic.
Our ideals are Anglo-Saxon, our so
cial tradations, our standards of
honor, our quality of immagination
and our indomitability.
But Anglo-Saxon opinion is a fast
diminishing force in national deter
minations. Strange shoddy has lately
crept in the loom on which we weave
our destiny; intermarriage is stead
ily diluting the foundation strain, and
if we continue to hold gates and veins
wide open, Anglo-Saxon conscience
will soon cease to captain our genius.
It would slander a vast body of
loyal citizens not to admit the de
voted service of all who fought for
us, wrought with us, valiantly sup
ported the country in every crisis.
Yet, a review of the past fifty years
discloses that each successive tide of
immigrants has displayed less and
less sympathy with our intitutions, is
more confirmed in its racial solidari
ty, more resistant to environment and
assimilation.
Ominous statistics proclaim the
persistent development of a parasite
mass within our domain—our polical
system is clogged with foreign
bodies which stubbornly refuse to be
absorbed and means must be found
to meet the menace. We have taken
unto ourselves a Trojan horse crowd
ed with ignorance, illiteracy and
envy. We have Hessionized our es
sential enterprises until alien workers
predominate the basic industries of
the country and hold further progress
at their regardless mercy.
Provocateurs of revenge and an
archy—opportunists and demagogues
—are already forging their strength
into a weapon that bodes democracy
ill.
Reckless state laws admit them to
local elections without process of
naturalization, and inadequate natur
alization tests put votes into their
hands before we fairly ge English
into their heads.
The will of America is not calling
land over for strikes—the fist of
America is not brandishing I. W. W.
bombs—the choice of America is not
sophisticating Congress and legisla
tures with sinide statesmanship.
Nay, the voice of America is being
slowly drowned in jargon voices cry
ing hate between labor and capital—
hate between blindness and vision—
hate between culture and coarseness
—hate between law and license—
even hate between the Anglo-Saxon
peoples.
On to the melting-pot and clean it
o’ this scum!
THE KLAN MUST 60
Who is believing this battle cry of
the rabble?
It must be those who are MOST
opposed by the Klan.
Then, if we determine whose es
tate or rule is threatened, we can
readily reason out who is crying the
loudest that “The Klan Must Go.”
The Klan opposes all lawbreakers.
It opposes homebreakers.
It opposes bootleggers.
It opposes political hierarchies.
Then, its enemies must belong to
these classes and to those dupes of
other classes who are hoodwinked by
these classes.
The Klan stands for religious free
dom and toleration.
The Klan stands for the Constitu
tion and laws of our government.
In fact, what the Klan stands for,
is embodied bodily in its motto:
“For God, home and native land.”
The Klan stands for a righteous
ness emanating from the Great Je
hovah and laid down in His Law,
which is epitomized in the Golden
Ride.
Is there anything wrong in that?
—The American Citizen.
YES, WHY?
If it is true that Klansmen are
opposed to law and order how is it
that lawyers defending crooks and
bootleggers always vigorously pro
test against Klansmen sitting on the
jury which tries their clients?