THE CALL of the NORTH
ii published every Friday by the Call of the North Pabliahiny Co., St. Paul. Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; Jta help
mold active publie opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. f Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to sive .the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure cold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, % Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER, D. D.. - - - - Associate Edited
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— • • -By Mail 12.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH. Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota. ufljjgh* 22
GOD IS.
» (By Twilight Om.)
Dear Reader: Some years ago, I passed through periods of
doubt and uncertainty when my finite mind sought to grasp God
and juggle atheistic statements which had been picked up here
and there. One winter day a clearer understanding flashed
across my mind. I sat down and wrote the following which I
now offer to you:—Editor.
Read Exodus iii, 13-14; Rev. xxii, 12.
The Twentieth Century has ushered in a period that is con
spicuous for the birth of cults, societies and semi-religious organ
izations that build on the sands of atheism. Ultra-rationalism
has been gaining startling popularity in our colleges and univer
sities. Smart youngsters just out of college present themselves
to older and wiser heads and ask in a know-it-all attitude, “Is
there a God?”
You insist that there is a God.
The youngster then says, “Well, if there is a God, I suppose
you think that he can do everything?”
You say that you believe that God is powerful enough to do
anything he sees is wise. God does not act without wisdom.
Then the sprout with a new diploma comes back at you,
“Can God make a stone so heavy that He can't lift it?”
The reasoning of the “wise ones” is as thin as that. Damned
be the rationalism common in our institutions of higher learning.
I am sick and tired of hearing “science proves this and science
proves that.” /
Sam Jones once said, “I never spent fifteen seconds in the
pulpit in my life trying to prove there is a God. Nobody but a
fool needs such argument.”
I feel a little different about the matter than that—l am
deeply concerned about the “fools.” Today they are so numer
ous that it is up to Christians to put the fools aright on the mat
ter of God’s existence.
God is. “God ruleth over all.”
God is Father of all. You are His children.
God ought to be ashamed of some of you.
Let me give to you some of the stuff that is written against
the existence of a Supreme Being, denying the Living God:
“Men believe this, that; the other religious doctrine accord
ing as they are taught either. Those born and reared in the
Chinese, or Hindu, or Mohammedan, or Christian religion, always
follow in the footsteps of their illustrious predecessors; and so
even of any particular shade of either.”
Again read:
“Facts on the largest scale, throughout all ancient and
modern history, proves that religion is all educational, not in
nate.”
Again read:
“Man is religious from education, not nature. Therefore
your God-existing argument falls to the ground.”
Sounds plausible, doesn’t it? Possibly of you accept
the statements as proof that there is no Living God, the Supreme
Architect of the Universe.
Let’s go into the so-called “proof’ of a non-existing deity.
Can you teach a cow to pray?
Can you teach a goat to cipher?
You can’t. And why not?
Because God has not given the cow the deeply seated some
thing that makes man a creature of prayer. There are some of
you that don’t pray, but that proves nothing except your blind
ness ; because the goat has not the deeply seated something that
makes it possible for man to work with figures and get accurate
results.
Can you teach a cat to bark?
Can you teach a horse to eat meat instead of hay?
Can you teach a duck to crow instead of quack?
Can you teach a monkey to sing like a canary bird?
Still we are told that religion is a matter of education.
Still we are told that God is a creature of man's mind.
Why do people of tlje entire world instinctively worship?
It is as natural for man to worship God as it is for him
to satisfy a physical hunger.
Why is it natural? Because God created in us a desire to
recognize and obey Him. It is necessary that it should be that
way in the divine scheme of things.
You can teach a man to walk forward, backwards, sideways.
But it is well to remember that we are created with feet in order
to make walking possible.
We are created with a Worshiping instinct because that is
necessary in order to make is possible for us to become conscious
of the existence of the Living God and listen to His Word.
Now the atheist comes back at me with the statement that
religion is a matter of habit.
I suppose the dog barks out of habit; the hog squeals out of
habit; the wolf bays out of habit.
There is in man a compelling desire to worship. That de
sire draws us to some being or beings far greater than we are.
Is this desire purposeless? Is there anything else in our make-up
so purposeless as worship without God?
In all ages you find a man a creature of worship.
Egyptians, Persians, Chaldeans, Jews, Amalekites, Periz
zites, Hittites, Ammonites, and all other ancient “ites” had their
god or gods.
Chinese, Hindus, Grecians, Romans, Mahammedans, Chris
tians,, worship some kind of god or gods.
The American Indian worshiped the Great Spirit. The
Aztecs were most zealous worshipers.
But the atheist says, “Nothing but a habit like smoking,
drinking, eating, swearing.”
Go to the four corners of the earth and you find man wor
shiping: the African jungles, Madagascar, Fiji Islands, the icy
reaches of the North, the plains of Asia, along the mighty
Amazon.
Yet the atheist says it’s only a habit.
Then there is another fact worthy of note: MAN’S RE
LIGION HAS BEEN AND IS SUPREME OVER ALL OTHER
INTERESTS.
The blind man who sees no sun shouts, “There is no sun.”
Do you believe him? 1 '
What do the towering steeples of Christendom indicate? Do
you see the pagadas and temples of the Orient? What do they
mean? Yonder mosques are crowded. What can that mean?
“Only a common habit,” says the atheist.
The God-adoring tendency of man is either natural or artifi
cial. It is too powerful to result from habit, and too universal
to be the product of education, which can*call out and NOT
CREATE. We could as easily educate a man without eyes to
see as to make a man without worship of God to adore Him.
What is it that cause man to rear temples to the Great Archi
tect wherever he goes? He has done that throughout the ages.
What pulls the huge sums of money out of the pockets of
mankind for the worship of God?
The innate desire of man to please and obey that Something
far beyond him.
There is a God. God is. Glory be His name.
To the sick He is the Great Healer.
To the orphan he is the Father.
To the sorrowing He is the Ccfmforter.
To the thirsty He is the River of Life. .
To the hungry He is Manna.
To the storm-tossed He is a Quiet Harbor.
To the defeated He is Victory.
To all mankind God is Love.
There is a God. All nature declares the truth of that state
ment in language so plain that only the blind cannot read. Over
the face of all\creation the Great Truth is written so legibly that
it cannot be mistaken. Yet men arise occasionally and say there
is no God.
Who laid the foundations of the Universe? Who planned
the harmonious movement of the millions of stars, planets, sat
telites, meteors? Who initiated the laws whereby order came
out of chaos ? Who clothed the earth with vegetation and placed
fish in the streams and oceans, birds in the trees, animals every
where?
God—the First Cause.
Yet I hear a voice shouting, “Evolution explains creation.”
I believe in progress. But who laid down the laws of evo
lution? I think that I know the theories of evolution about as
well as most of you and in my knowledge of evolution I’m not
far behind the leaders who are advancing the theory of evolu
tion. So much has been written and said about evolution
that professors and others who stand out as evolutionists
are lost in the wilds of uncertainty. The fact of the whole
situation is that what little is known is so vague that we have
very little ground on which to stand in our general acceptance
of the theories of evolution. We can see the workings of laws
of evolution but that is about all—we know scarcely nothing
about these laws. Evolutionists are still theoretical in their rea
soning. Now I come back to my query: Who initiated the laws
of evolution? If God brought forth the Universe and all that is
therein according to the theories now quite generally accepted,
does that detract from God’s glory? If God in His wisdom saw fit
to slowly create everything according to some laws of action, does
that remove God as the First Cause? Evolutionists want to
follow all life back to simple cellular creatures. But from whence
came the simple cellular life? “The action of light, heat and
moisture,” comes the answer. I then want to know where the
light, heat and moisture came from? The evolutionist is lost.
He who also carries the theories of evolution into the explanation
of the planets, stars, sattelites and all lesser heavenly bodies can
go back to chaos but must stop when he attempts to explain the
source of the power that brought order out of chaos. No one can
take God out of evolution. God is the Supreme Architect of the
Universe.
God Is.
Without wishing the University of Valparaiso any bad luck,
it may still be said that the proposal to relieve the institution of
its financial troubles by turning it over to the Ku Klux Klan
involves possibilities that would prove highly interesting.
A university controlled by the Klan would be—with obvious
differences —somewhat in the position of a college controlled by
a church. With the Klan, if it takes over the college, establish
a department analagous in a divinity school and train embryo
Kleagles in the ethics, ritual and ceremonies of the Order? Will
there be professors of night riding, intimidation, castigation and
the organized censorship of private morals?
All of that seems possible, and it is conceivable that in
course of time, trouble might develop leading to bitter debate
over questions of doctrine with heresy trials and much talk about
academic freedom as a result. Valparaiso has a department of
law which, under Klan management, might get itself into as
much trouble as any liberal theologian ever had with Mr. Bryan.
Suppose some daring professor of constitutional law in a Ku
Kluxed university should teach that public offenses cannot be
dealt with in this country by private organizations, or should
insist upon the sacredness of trial 'by jury, what would happen
to him?
The Klans cannot survive where that kind of law prevails,
and cannot nurse a viper who teaches it. Perhaps there is enough
wisdom in the white-shirted crew to anticipate these difficulties
and perceive that a university will never harmonize
with Klan practices. If there is not, then the country may wit
ness something new in the ancient field of education.
Whoever wrote the foregoing “supposition chatter” is as
ignorant of the Ku Klux Klan as an alley cat is ignorant of
Handel’s masterpiece, “The Messiah.” Knowing the • musical
abilities of a cat we don’t expect' him to understand the great
oratorio; likewise realizing the mental adjustment of prejudice
we don’t expect much accuracy when same write on the Klan.
As the oratorio is beyond the cat, so the Klan is beyond those
with limited mentality or shackled minds.
ThO Klan believes in education, real education minus for
eignism, narrow dogma, or any un-Americanism. It would be
natural to expect a “Klan University” organized on such an
effective basis that it would be free from any condition that
would be detrimental to the best interests of the United States.
In any university or college backed by the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan there would be a wholesome spirit of toleration, an
atmosphere of devoted Americanism, an environment conducive
to learning, an enthusiasm that makes for consecrated citizen
ship, a curriculum that thoroughly prepares for the duties of
life in a great nation, a broadness that gives vision, an appeal
that will call forth the best of effort, a common valuation that
develops character.
He who knows the K. K. K. can see in a “Klan University”
and ideal institution of education, a real place to prepare the
American young man and young woman for the responsibilities
of adulthood in the greatest nation in the world.
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
A KLAN UNIVERSITY.
(Detroit Free Press.)
The Soul of America
(By Daisy Douglas Barr.)
I am clothed with wisdom’s mantle;
Age and experience are mine,
Yet I am still in the swdddling clothes
Of my existence.
I am strong beyond my years;
My hand typifies strength,
And although untrained in cunning
Its movements mark the quaking
Of the enemies of my country.
My eye, though covered, is all-seeing;
It penetrates the dark recesses of law violation,
Treason, political corruption and injustice,
Causing these cowardly culprits to bare their unholy faces
In the light of my all-seeing revelations.
My vision is so broad
That my daily meditations force up me new problems,
New situations and new obligations.
My feet are swift to carry the strength of my hand
/ And the penetrations of my all-seeing eye.
My nature is serious, righteous and just,
And tempered with the love of Christ.
My purpose is noble, far-reaching and age-lasting.
My heart is heavy, but not relenting;
Sorrowful but not hopeless;
Pure but ever able to master the unclean; .
Humble but not cowardly;
Strong but not arrogant;
Simple but not foolish;
Heady,'without fear.
I am the Spirit of Righteousness.
They call me the Ku Klux Klan.
I am more than the uncouth robe and hood
With which I am clothed.
YEA, I AM THE SOUL OF AMERICA.
(To the Imperial Wizard, and all Klandom, I affectionately
dedicate this ode.—D. D. B.)
JOURNEYS’ END*
(William P. Campbell, in the Christian Herald.)
The rainless clouds that all day rove the blue
Descend, at eve,|from weary pilgrimage,
To rest upon the everlasting age
Of purple shadowed hills. The sea waves, too—
Though they may fret, or busily pursue
The sun, or shoreward storm with futile rage—
Find calm, at length and quiet pasturage
On the untroubled deep from which they drew.
So, bruised and cheated at the tinseled marts
Of gain or fame or mirthless gayety,
Men struggle home, with souls that long to lean
On God—spent souls, that cry with Augustine:
“For thyself Thou, hast made us, and our hearts
Find no reopse until they rest in Thee!”
TOWNER-ST
The Towner-Sterling bill came to
its death in the Sixty-seventh Con
gress, through inaction, due, primar
ily, to one man, so far as can be
learned by those in Washington who
have given the matter serious thought
and studious consideration.
There were, however, a number of
contributing factors which, to a cer
tain extent, lessened the offense of
that particular man, who holds a
membership in a Protestant order.
Plans are already on foot for its in
troduction when Congress meets
again.
Its chances of passage in the Six
ty-eighth Congress depend very
largely upon the campaign of educa
tion waged by the Knights of the
Ku Klux Klan and other exponents
of the public school. Sentiment must
be created for it throughout the na
tion, which will result in a popular
demand for the law. which Congress
cannot and will not ignore.
Organized opposition, plentifully
supplied with money and political
machinery to bring about almost any
situation in Congress is determined
the bill shall not become a law. That
opposition is the Roman Catholic
Hierarchy in the United States.
It is aided and abetted by a group
of “jelly-fish” Protestants who will
do anything short of murder and
treason to keep the Catholics calm and
satisfied. They may be kept calm
by giving them everything they ask
for, but they are never satisfied.
Indirect aid is given the opposition
by a number of Southern congress
men who see in the bill a menace to
their beloved states rights hobby. In
the Towner-Sterlng bill, they pro
fess to see federal control of their
country schools, and to prevent that
they are willing to sacrifice the edu
cation of the youth of America.
States rights must be preserved,
they seem to argue, or the country
goes to hell.
Provides State Control.
The bill provided federal aid but
state control. This is specifically
brought out in the bill itself.
They have also been known to ar
gue the idea that negro children will
be allowed to attend the white schools
and sit alongside white children. This
they say, will not be countenanced in
the South.
That their argument in this wise is
unfounded is provided in the admin
istration of the public schools in the
District of Columbia, where the ne
groes have more privileges than any
other place under the sun. The
schools there are under the actual
and sole control of the federal gov
ernment, yet entirely separate schools
are maintained for negroes and
whites. i
Even if whites and negroes did
attend the same schools in Washing
ton it is a known fact that the South
would never allow it, federal control
RUNG BILL
or no federal control.
The Towner-Sterling bill was in
troduced in the 67th Congress by
Representative Horace Mann Town
er, of lowa, in the House, and by Sen
ator Thomas Sterling of South Da
kota, in the Senate.
Under the rules of each body, the
bill immediately was referred to the
Committee of Education of eaclT. By
tacit consent, the House was to be
the first body to act, the Senate hold
ing up until the House Committee
had considered the bill. Represen
tative, now Senator, Simon D. Fess,
of Ohio, is chairman of the House
committee, and Senator William E.
Borah, of Idaho, is chairman of the
Senate committee. The bill was in
troduced April 11, 1921.
From the day it was introduceed
until the adjournmenet of Congress,
March 4, 1923, the House Education
Committee did not hold a meeting,
simply because when it did, it would
have to consider and report the Town
er-Sterling bill. Judge Towner on
the Republican side, and Representa
tive William B. Bankhead of Alaba
ma, on the Democratic side, did ev
erything in their opwer to induce Dr.
Fess to call a meeting of the com
mittee, but he refused. This is the
direct reason the bill died by inac
tion.
Dr. Fess advanced the alibi that the
Joint Reorganization committee of
Congress, which was considering pro
posed changes in the make-up of the
Cabinet, was providing for the place
in that body proposed in the Towner-
Sterling bill, and consequently action
on the bill would be a duplication of
effort. The committee was consider
ing a secretary of Education and
Welfare, but was not considering the
appropriation of upwards of SIOO,-
000,000 for public education proposed
by the bill.
Catholics Claim Victory.
In its 1922 report, the National
Catholic Welfare Council carried the
following statement by Archbishop
Hanna, who was charged by that
body with responsibility for the de
feat of the bill:
“Perhaps the heaviest obligation
resting upon the executive depart
meent during the last year was the
mandate issued by you as the Na
tional Catholic Welfare Council, that
the Towner-Sterling bill should be op
posed and defeated. It has been de
feated. Nor will any similar measure
pass the present Congress. But, in
order to defeat it, the executive de
partment had to call to its aid every
ether department of the council; di
rect a national campaign of protest;
send representatives repeatedly to the
House and Senate hearings, for we
had the obligation of preventing the
bill from be\ng presented on either
floor; secure a defense of Catholic
education on the floor of the Senate
itself; interview and explain to neu-
.
tral education associations; carry on
a campaign of public speakers; and
during the months of January and
February at least forty conferences
on the matter were attended by the
executive department. And we may
add here that the pronouncement of
the administrative committee through
the department of education was the
determining factor as to their atti
tude on the Towner-Sterling bill of a
sufficient number of Senators and
Representatives to forecast a defeat
were it presented to either house.”
Thus one naturally is forced to the
conclusion that Dr. Fess, with his eye
on the Senate, yielded to Catholic
importunities and threats, and be
came the cause of the death of a bill
that would have meant so much to
the future of the nation. That he
was rewarded is proved f>y his elec
tion to the Senate, replacing Senator
Atlee Pomerene.
It is, perhaps, a bit early to predict
the fate of the bill in the 68th Con
gress, as the committees which exist
ed in the Sixty-seventh do not hold
over to the Sixty-eighth, necessarily.
The Senate is a continuing body, the
House is not. All committees there
have to be re-constituted, but, accord
ing to custom, the old members of
the committee will hold over.
Therefore, in the House, due to the
retirement of Judge Towner, who has
been made Governor of Porto Rico,
and the election of Dr. Fess to the
Senate, the chairmanship of the
House Education Committee devolves
upon Representative Frederick W.
Dallinger, of Massachusetts.
Dallinger is Chairman
Dallinger’s past record in Congress
is not such as to recommend him as
a strong friend of measures desired
by Protesteants.
Following is the make-up of the
House committee of the 67th con
gress, all of whom are Protestants,
(*) denoting that the member indi
cated will not be in the 68th Con
gress which convenes in December:
Republicans:
’Simeon D. Fess, Ohio; ‘Horace
M. Towner, Iowa; Frederick W. Dal
linger, Massachusetts; Albert H. Ves
tal, Indiana; Edward J. King, Indi
ana; Daniel A. Reed, New York; John
M. Robinson, Kentucky; Adolphus P.
Nelpm, Wisconsin; ‘Clarence D.
Coughlin, Pennsylvania; ‘Samuel A
Shelton, Missouri.
Democrats:
William B. Bankhead, Alabama;
Charles H. Brand, Georgia; J. M.
Hooker, Virginia; Bill G. Lowrey,
Mississippi; Henry St. George Tuck
er, Virginia.
In the Senate, the committee in the
67th Congress, which remains the
same in the 68th, the membership of
which is almost entirely Protestant,
follows:
Republicans:
William E. Borah, Idaho; Thomas
Sterling, South Dakota; Lawrencee C.
Phipps, Colorado; Francis E. Warren,
Wyoming; Samuel M. Shortridge,
California; Smith W. Brookheart,
lowa, James Couzens, Michigan.
Democrats:
Andrieus A. Jones, New Mexico;
Kenneth McKellar, Tennessee; David
I. Walsh (Catholic), Massachusetts;
T. H. Caraway, Arkansis.
Think Committees Favorable
Therefore, it is firmly believed, if
the bill ever comes to a showdown in
the committees it will be favorably
reported to each body. On the floors,
its fate is in doubt.
The lack of a comprehensive cam
paign of education on the part of
those favoring the bill, and the exist
ence and functioning of an efficient
one by the Catholice, will defeat the
bill again, unless Protestants unite in
one campaign and put the matter
through to a successful conclusion.
The National Education Associa
ed the leadership of the- fight for the
bill during the last Congress, but it
fell down woefully. It published a
few pamphlets and folders filled with
dry statistical facts, unattractive and
heavy to read. These were sent to its
mailing list but did not reach the gen
eral public. No information regard
ing the status of the campaign could
be gained from its headquarters.
It should not be entrusted fith the
leadership again. Some aggressive
agency, equal in power, resources and
ambition to the National Catholic Wel
fare Council, should assume the fight
and employ every known avenue of
publicity to acquaint the people of
America with the true facts in the
case as well as discovering new chan
nels of getting the matter before the
public. Unless this is done, the bill
again will go down in defeat. There
is but one answer to this dilemma
and that is:
The Knighs of the Ku Klux Klan.
PREPARING A PLACE.
A certain minister who had been
asked by his congregation to turn in
his resignation selected as his * text
for his farewell sermon, the follow
ing:
“I go to prepare a place for you,
that where I am there ye may be
also.”
A stranger, noting the disapproval
with which the text was received by
members of the congregation, turned
an inquiring eyee on the man sitting
beside him. He received back this
answer, delivered in a hoarse whis
per:
“He’s going to be the chaplain at
the state penitentiary.”—Exchange.
Subscribe for
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
U tv