THE CALL of the NORT H
la published «r*rr Friday by tks Call of the North Publiahiaar, Co., St. P*4 Mtnneaota>
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideal*; and troditions' without tmx **
or favor.
Edited. not to make up people's Made, but to shake up poeple'i minds; to* help
mold native public opinion .which Witt make America a proper pine* to Ihte in.
Nows of truth kills news and shrivela up more "bunk»* tha* an the earnest
argumeata in the world. Truth* helps -to clarify opinions on serious questions by: serious
people. e
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub*
Hsbed articles and separate the droes from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, ....... Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER, D. D., - - - - Associate Editor
' .ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
- - - -
SUBSCRIPTION RATE—’ • - -By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul. Minnesota.
a... • »
THE BIBLE AND SECRECY >
So often we hear men. argue, as enemies of the Klan, against the Great
American Movement because it keeps the membership secret, maintaining
that any organization which uses secrecy in any way is anti-Biblical, and
therefore contrary to Christian principles. Let us consider carefully
whether or not secret organizations are un-Chistian.
Someone has said, “All the great forces in life are the unseen, hidden
forces. Faith, Hope and Love, are unseen, yet Paul proclaims them to be
the great instruments by which God accomplishes ms wonderful works. No
man can see Faith, Hope or Love; he can only feel the effects thereof. We
are held to this world by the power , of gravity, yet some men would .deny
that is a fact because they do not believe in the unseen things. There are
doubting Thomases who will not believe unless they can first see. But the
Bible says, ‘Blessed are they that are not seen but yet believed.’ Faith is
the substance of things hoped for; the evidence of things not seen. •It is
true that God works in mysterious ways His wonders to perform. He plants
His feet upon the seas and rides upon the storm. In the book of Deutero
temy 29:29 it says. “The secret things the Lord our God.”
Moses believed in secrecy.” *
With the Bible open before me I turn its wonderful pages and read:
Psalms 25:14—The secret of the Lord is with them that fear Him.
Psalms 27:5—1n secret of his tabernacle he shall hide me.
David believed in secrecy.
Proverbs 3:32—His secret is with the righteous.
Solomon believed in secrecy.
Daniel 2:l9—Then was the secret revealed to Daniel.
Daniel believed in secrecy.
Amos 3:7 —He revealeth His secret to his servants.
Amos believed in secrecy.
1 Samuel 19:2 —Abide in a secret place, hide thyself.
This is the advice that Jonathan gave to David. This is the advice
that the K. K. K. has accepted that in order to succeed they must keep
themselves in secrecy from their enemies.
Matthew 6:4—When thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what
thy right hand doeth, that thy alms may be in secret and thy father which
seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. •
This is how the Klan does its work.
Matthew 6:6—When thou prayest enter into thy closet and pray to thy
Father which is in secret.
John 7:10 —He went not into the feast openly, but as it were in secret.
Jesus believed in secrecy or He would have never hid Himself away
from the multitudes.
John 7:12 —“Some said He deceiveth the people.” These people of
Jesus’ time were like many in our time who are quick to accuse without
justification. Contemporaries of Jesus said that He was a deceiver because
He hid Himself from the multitudes, and likewise people today say the
K. K. K. is a deceiver because it hides itself from the multitudes and works
in secrecy. Joshua 2i\ —“Joshua sent out two men to spy secretly. They
made a secret covenant with Rahad and accomplished this work through
secrecy.” If the enemies of the Klan who damn the Invisible Empire for
its secrecy are right then God did wrong in accomplishing g'ood through
secrecy.
John 19:38—Joseph was a disciple but for fear of Jews he worked in
secret.
Yet people from time to time claim that the Bible doesn’t mention
secrecy as an acceptable instrument of good.
Jesus accomplished all His great work through secrecy. The . night in
which He was betrayed, He was holding a secret meeting and had secluded
Himself from the Jews and Romans. Judas betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces
of silver.
The K. K. K. is trying to bring about better conditions through secrecy
while the “Antis,” who are taking the place of Judas, are endeavoring to
betray it. You perhaps condemn the Klan because of its secrecy, yet you,
on election day, go to the polls and cast your vote in secrecy.
-K-K
k A PROPHECY
The Ku Klux Klan has weathered every storm and withstood trium
phantly every attack. The great American organization is established on
a foundation, every stone of which represents an eternal principle that
every true American and Christian accepts. Enemies of Lhe Klan have
sought in vain for a vulnerable spot. Behold the Invisible Empire grow
ing daily stronger and a more significant factor in the life of the United
States. The Klan is a marvel of marvels, ever a glorious tribute to the
best in our national life. Let the lie-mongers spread their vicious false
hoods; let the anti-American forces on our soil work in the darkness of
hatred; let the non-Christian elements unite solidly for a sinister business;
let the long, honey fingers of Hell’s defenders join hands against the Ku
Klux Klan: they thus stand revealed. Today the Klan is strong enough to
meet and defeat all the hosts of Satan. Righteousness will prevail.
“Thrice is he armed who has his quarrel just.”
The Ku Klux Klafi cannot be smashed by the enemies pressing on
every side. God is in His heaven and gives strength to His people as they
fight for human betterment. “The righteous are as bold as lions.” On
bended knees Klansmen pray often for wisdom, understanding and courage.
Their determination to make Jesus the moving spirit of our national life
is a blessing of blessings, a hope of hopes most glorious.
know that “what is won over the devil’s back will be lost under his
belly.” So why should we weaken in our great task? Wrong contains
within itself the seeds of destruction. The Klan is prospering because
righteousness eventually prospers.
We are prepared for the Tomorrow. The Ku Klux Klan is alert; hav
ing been forewarned, it stands armed with Truth—a vwo-edged sword.
Frantically the defilers of America are marshaling their forces in prepara
tion for a nation-wide attack on *he Ku Klux Klan that in fierceness, bit
terness and viciousness will out-shadow anything in the. past. The rallying
cry of the anti-American hosts has, been heard: “Crush the Invisible Empire
before the next election.” Watch the metropolitan dailies from now on,
and note column after column of lying propaganda. The Mer Rouge alfair
will look like kindergarten tactics compared with what is coming. From the
outside and on the inside the haters of Klancraft will seek openings for
destructive onslaughts. Klansmen, let not your eyes close in sleep, lest you
be found on the post of duty slumbering when you should be on guard.
Cur lines of offense and defense are strong, but we must make them
stronger. We send out the call to the millions of Klansmen—“ten million
Klansmen before the sun of the next summer smiles again.” v , *
WHAT SHE WOULD DO.
“What would your father do if I
told him I wanted to marry you?”
asked the young man.
“He’d refer the matter to me,”
promptly replied the girl.
“And what would you do?” he
eaid, hopefully.
“I’d refer the matter to the young
man who proposed to me and was
accepted while you were trying to
make up your mind.”—Pittsburgh
Chronicle-Telegraph.
-K-
- truly; and thy thoughts
Shall the world’s famine feed;
Speak truly, and each word of thine
Shall be a fruitful seed; _
Live truly, and thy life shall be
A great and noble creed.
—Bonar.
THE LOCKED DOOR.
An American gentleman not urn*
known in New York-Newport social
circles learns at length that the in
junction contained in De Maupas
sant's doubtfully charming tale, “Al
ways Lock the Door,” is not to be
taken too literally.
“At another time,” testifies the
wife and mother of his children, in
a divorce suit recently tried at Pro
vidence, R. 1., “he threw me out at
our room in a hotel and left me in
the hallway clad only in my night
gown. I had nothing with me but
the nightgown I was wearing and ha
had locked the door!” .
K-K-K
The Y. M. C. A. has played one of
the most useful—if not the most use
ful—factors in helping tempted
young men.
pE NEGROES
OF THE SOOTH
The Pennsylvania white citizens are
beginning to endure a reign of ter
ror since the. negroes have moved
in such large numbers. White ladies
are being killed, men shot down and
the papers are full of stories *of
crimes committed. by negroes.
•The trouble with the Northerners
is they don’t know how to handle the
negro. They are going to get the
darkey into more trouble then he can
ever get out of.
I really look for very serious times
ahead for the negro in the‘ north.
The white people up there will soon
tire of him and turn on him vlike
rattlesnakes. The only friend of the
negro is in the south. We know him
and understand him, but in the north
a few dangerous liberties will be ac
corded him which he cannot under
stand and which wiU.cenvert him into
a serious menace to the welfare of his
community.
I tell you there is nothing but
trouble out ahead for the negro who
moves north.
But let them go. Let them hit the
trail and find it out for themselves.
I am no (yie who will protest against
their going. It-is their privilege and
hundreds of trains run out of the
south every day headed . that way.—
Mayfield’s Weekly.
K-K-K
LUTHERANS ARE
JOINING THE KLAN
The citizens of German descent in
this country are taking another view
of the Ku Klux Klan.
They see in it an organization with
the same ideals of citizenship that
they have; they see in it a menace to
the advance of Catholicism; they see
in it an opportunity to bring about
an era of peace, happiness and pros
perity, and that is what every Gor
man citizen desires.
The Catholic aggression in the
Ruhr, miscalled the French move for
reparation, and the disintegration of
Germany by emissaries of the Pope,
are not fooling the Germans in the
least. They know better than any
human what guiding mind is moving
the pawns in Europe. They know
who inspired the invasion of the
Ruhr and the revolution in Bavaria,
and their children in this country are
not going to line up with an organi
zation that is trying to destroy the
Fatherland, and that is why many
Lutherans have become klansmen.
They are joining in the fight on the
common enemy.—Wakefield’s Weekly.
K-K-K
VERMONT MINISTER
PREACHES ON (LAN
Rev. E. E. Robbins, pastor of the
First Congregationalist church of
Rochester, Vermont, delivered a stir
ring sermon last Sunday, declaring
that the Klan stood for Protestant
American principles, and which found
a ready response among his congrega
tion.
“There is no more law abiding or
ganization in the country than the
Klan,” Dr. Robbins said. “No ac
cusation made against them has befen
substantiated or proven to be true.
The enemies of the Klan fill the air
with all the dust and smoke they
can, and then—when their efforts fail,
and when they fail to convict, or prove
their charges true, they suddenly drop
the matter. They do not print the
outcome of their charges, and the
fact that the Klan is innocent is not
published. Furthermore, the papers
will not print the other side of the
matter. Why? Those who under
stand the nature of the fight know
why.
“The Klan stands for one hundred
per cent Americanism; it stands for
the sacredness and the purity of the
home; it stands for the maintenance
of our public schools and the Bible
in the same; it stands for the Protes
tant chvjrch and the Protestant reli
gion. Is here any organization that
can stand for higher or better things ?
They often fill a church where before
there was but a handful in atten
dance.
“Furthermore many of the very
best men in almost every community
are members of the Klan, and do you
suppose that they would join an or»
ganization that was one-tenth a 3 bad
as its enemies try to make it appear?
Or, having joined with a mistaken
idea as to what it wasi, do you sup
pose that they would maintain their
connection with it, to say nothing of
being leaders in it, if. it were one
tenth what they are made to appear
by newspaper reports? No fair
minded person can believe for a mo
ment that such men would stand for
such things, and the fact that they
belong, to say nothing of their being
its leaders, is sufficient recommenda
tion for the high integrity and value
of the order.”
K-K-K
“An indissoluble union of inde
structible states, one flag, one coun
try, one destiny.”—Daniel Webster.
-K-K-K
“Citizenship has its duties as well
as its privileges.”—Benjamin Harri
son.
THE CALL OF THE NOBTH
IN THE FOOTSTEPS
OF DR. FRANK CRAKE
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klms
years hence.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
stands in a niche all its ow* the.
Secret Order Hall Qf Fame.
It has n<f fellow. It has no rivaL
It is no “primus inter pares.” Thlerfe
are no “pares.”
It is as distinct and solitary upon
its throne in the kingdom of Amer
ican secret societies, as the Protest
ant Christian religion has always
been, since its foundation.
It stands for the cleanest, most
honest, gentlest and most courageous
thinking that has ever been done ini
all the world.
> Time is the supreme critic; the
leveler of all things.
The judgement of man must stand
many years before it settles. All heat
must go down, all personalities must
be precipitated, all the foam of con
troversy must disappear, before the
final crystal estimate is apparent.
The original enemies of the Klan
have been dead long enough for the
petty confusion they caused in their
time to be gone; and the Klan is now
to all but a pure and luminous spirit.
It moves in our midst as a part of the
machinery directed by the eternal
mind. All its works have that uni
versality of understanding, and the
utter honesty of reporting only what
the God of Nature and of all mankind
whispered to it, which render the
spirit of organization immortal.
The Klan is usable. The. Klan is
nearer to us all than any and all of
the great secret organizations, and
we can comprehend it better.
While the Klan strikes the same
deep note that we know to be in the
Word of God and the Church of the
Living God, it has never usurped the
place of the church, but has rather
been chief aid to the church in bring
ing men back to the true bearings,
and to first things.
No man can be a part of Klandom
for a day, a week or a month, and
carefully and with reflection study
its teachings, without being richer in
his Christian experience, more ac
curate in his interpretation of God’s
will, more powerful in hig work for
God; more of a neighbor, a friend, a
husband, a father and a citizen.
The Klan is not a society of men
seeking selfish ends.
It has no evil and only good de
signs; first to the brothers of the
fold, because there first is where one
learns the lesson and then, to every
man, whether he be white or black,
Jew or Gentile, Catholic or Protest
ant. The Klan speaks the language
of Jesus, which is to do good unto
others. It would be the first to deny
that any man has a right to live
other than peaceably with all men.
It is for all men alike, notwithstand
ing it admits but a chosen set. It
exalts no set of men at the expense
of another.
The Klan message is for all. It is
a deep universal message, reaching
the hearts of all mankind. The Klan
is both a thinker and does, because
its membership is made up of think
ers and doers. The Klan has a world
spirit dictated by the Spirit of God.
Of all secret societies to which meh
should belong, American citizens,
who are earnestly and sincerely try
ing to walk the walk of faith, are
recommended the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, which when read princi
ples were being submerged and for
gotten, aye bloted out, and being
caused to perish from the earth, it
came to the world’s rescue and raised
these cardinal things on high, and has
ever since kept them unsullied and
unspotted.
Sanballat—following
Dr. Crane on Emerson.
TH COOK
A HUSBAND
Select carefully, picking young if
possible, as the old ones are apt to be
tough. Those grown on dry soil are
said to have a better taste, and be
in greater demand with the American
girl.
No woman of any experience at
tempts to roast a husband; «very few
like them hard-boiled; some may pre
fer them half-baked; but no woman
seems to care for them stewed.
Prepare carefully, removing imper
fections; can the inferior ones as they
spoil quickly. Have the water not too
hot, as some of them are very thin
skinned, and it is apt to shrivel the
best of them; season well— a little
ginger is necessary, but too much pep
per is not good, and vinegar rarely
improves them. Some husbands re
quire more thyme than others, but
almost all of them boil more quickly
is desired, clinch the lid on with a
if “the lid on.” If a “Jiggs Special”
rolling pin.
K-K-K
“It took Rome three hundred to
die; and our death, if we perish,
will be as much more terrific as our
intelligence and free institutions have
given to us more bone and sinew and
vitality. May God hide me from the
day when the dying agonies of my
country shall began! O thou 'beloved
land, bound together by the ties of
brotherhood, and common interest,
and perils, live forever— one and un
divided.—Lyman Beecher.
UNDERSTANDING
> “Understanding is progress/’ a
great philosopher onqe said. No truer
words were-ever spoken, because all
progress has come through under
standing. Therefore, any movement
that, brings to human beings under-
standing is abiding in the progress of.
the world. Knowledge and uunder
standing, while in a great many ways
pzje and| the same thing, yet the
shade of difference means much. One
may have the knowledge of citizen
ship and yet not have a complete un
derstanding, and for that reason is
not wholly efficient as a citizen. On
the other hand, a citizen may have
niuch knowledge in connection with
the Constitution of the United States
and yet not fully understand its true
meaning; just as hundreds of thou
sands of Protestants have never stop
ped to ponder over the true meaning
of the word “Protestant,” or from
just what source it was derived, even
though it takes but a moment to un
derstand its derivation if once given
thought.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
has caused the people to think. It
has caused them to gain understand
ing and for that very reason is aiding
in the progress of the United States.
Thousands have realized that a
“Protestant” is one who protests; in
this particular case protests against
ancient dogmas being forced upon a
nation who would' worship God
in an enlightened way and with un
derstanding.
The Klan is teaching citizens to
understand just what citizenship is
and what one must do to be a real
citizen of the United States. To be
wholly efficient as a citizen one must
have an understanding of what the
constitution really is, what it means
and its worth to Americans. In this
particular case one gains an under
standing of the constitution by gain
ing full understanding of citizenship.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
are providing America with a new
basis of understanding by those three
outstanding words, Protestant, con
stitution and citizenship. With the
understanding on citizenship comes
better morals, better homes and, in
the end, a better world to live in. To
be a good citizen one must uphold the
constitution, American institutions
and the law. To break no law is to
better morals. With a bettering of
morals in a community, increased
church attendance invariably follows.
From many, many points in Amer
ica come reports of increased church
attendance where the growth of the
Klan has been exceedingly rapid. It
is merely the natural sequence. The
Klan brings understanding, with the
result that better citizenship follows,
which can. only lead to better morals
and spiritual uplift. Under the
guidance of wholly efficient citizen
ship, understanding of that great
document upon which our country is
founded, and of Protestantism, church
attendance can only increase. With
added interest in church and the
teachings of Christ Jesus, a commun
ity can but become better. The whole
is a case of evolution and all evolves
about “understanding.”
No greater praise could be given
the Ku Klux Klan than say that it
has brought understanding.
One of the chief admonitions of
Christ is that we get understanding.
By understanding alone will we pro
gress. Fortunately, America has been
provided with a great American and
Christian organization which is now
teaching understanding. The fact
alone that understanding is power is
in itself the answer as to the mar
velous growth of the Klan throughout
America—the Klan has brought un
derstanding.—Fiery Cross.
THE WHITE-ROBED
DEFENDERS
REV. WILLIAM O. PORTUNE,
Assistant Pastor P. of F. Church,
Los Angeles, Cal.
0 say! can you see, by the stars’ early
light,
The towering hilltops all shrouded in
white ?
Where gather the hosts of the na
tion’s defenders,
Who for love of their country unted
together,
To fight for the right, through the
darkening night,
0 say! can you hear, as the shadows
grow darker,
The “fiery summons” coming nearer
and nearer?
Arousing anew each patriot’s devo-
tion, (
To preserve what was won in our
dark Revolution.
Then answer we must, when the cause
it is just,
For Old Glory shall never be trailed
in the dust.
0 say! can you see, in the darkness
of night,
The “fiery cross” with its radiant
• light?
How it points to the skies, in silence
appealing,
To One who was touched by our fore
fathers’ pleading!
Yes, the cross of our Christ, with the
cross of the right,
Shall burn on forever from hilltops
at night..
OUR COUNTRY'S CALL
Klansmen now are coming
Great and mighty throng,
To protect our country
Standing ’gainst the wrong.
CHO:— -
Keep Old Glory waving,
Heed the trumpet’s call,
Klansmen to our country
Be true, one and all.
Liberty resounding
Over vale and hill,
Klansmen now are coming
God’s word to fulfil.
Klansmen we are trusting,
Backed by power and might
To be standard bearers
Valiant in the fight.
Aliens who would rob us
Of all we hold dear
Must keep in their places
And appointed sphere.
Patriotic heroes
Count their gold as dross,
Standing for their country
And the fiery cross.
WHERE THERE IS •
ND VISION THE
PEDPLE WILL PERISH
By CLAIRE C. WARD.
There can be more striking
eulogy of the mighty Klan move
ment than the history of the Great
War. For many years had inspired
prophets like Theodore Roosevelt
gone up and down the length and
breadth of the land, crying: “Amer
ica, awake! Germany is making
ready against the day of battle.”
But, secure in the belief of our own
omniscience, we simply smiled—and
slept.
When finally it was unmistakably
brought home to us that America
must throw the weight of her armies
against the onrush of the Hun—
what then? A mad running to and
fro, wild confusion and distracted pre
parations, innumerable mistakes, mil
lions of money wasted, wrong leaders,
graft, exploitation, treachery—every
thing to hamper, hinder and defeat!
For years men and women of
prophetic vision have passed among
the people, crying: “Rouse, ye
Americans! An alien menace is at
your doors—civilization itself is
threatened.” But indifference and
contempt have been their portion.
Today, in this great, belated awak
ening of American consciousness, the
experiences of the World War have
been duplicated. Tremendous mis
takes have been made, those trusted
proved unworthy and conscienceless,
the powers of darkness in high places
have wrestled with the angel of the
Lord and the forces of satan been un
leashed in the conflict.
But what was it that eventually
enabled our country to overcome
every obstacle, and to trample under
foot the hydra-headed serpent of
anarchy, graft and treason?
What was it that the eyes of our
boys beheld when they charged across
No Man’s Land at the zero hour?
Was it the mud of the trampled
earth, barbed wire entanglements,
dead and wounded comrades, and the
thousand horrors which compassed
them on every side? Or was their
gaze fixed in spiritual exaltation upon
a vision of victory? What enabled
them to pass through a hell of which
those who experienced it not cannot
even dimly conceive? The vision,
without which the people perish!
So, when the time finally came
that Americans could no longer deny
the sinister inroads of alien aggres
sion, they sprang to meet the issue.
In the gigantic struggle against en
croachments upon the constitution,
and the setting at defiance that lib
erty to which our forefathers dedicat
ed his land, and consecrated it with
their blood, every possible error has
been made, every obstacle spawned in
the nether world has been hurled be
fore the marching feet of the shock
troops of the Klan. But with eyes
ever fastened upon the spiritual pur
pose and meaning of the conflict, they
are pressing nearer and nearer to
ultimate, overwhelming victory!
Let no man dare falter or be cast
down! “More are they who are,for
us, than they that be against us,”
and the armies of the Lord of Hosts
are camped round about. Verily with
such allies it shall be said of us as
of the prophets of old: “Who, through
faith, subdued kingdoms, wrought
righteousness, obtained promises,
stopped the mouth of the lion, quench
ed the violence of fire, escaped the
edge of the sword, out of weakness
were made strong, waxed valiant in
fight and turned to flight the armies
of the aliens.”
-K-K
The martyr cannot be dishonored.
Every lash inflicted is a tongue of
flame; every prison a more illustrious
abode; every burned or house enlight
ens the world. It is the whipper who
is whipped, and the tyrant who is
undone. —Emerson.
-K-K
“Under God we are determined that
wheresoever, whensoever or howso
ever we shall be called to make our
exit, we will die free men.”—John
Quincy.
A GDDD (UN STURT
A Klansman going into Canada
from the United States recently ran
up against a Canadian customs in
spector who proceeded to thoroughly
ransack the baggage of the traveler,
eventually running onto an unusual
white robe and gown. He remarked
that this was a very long nightshirt
and a funny nightcap to wear, and
asked why so large a badge with such
an odd design inlaid in a circle was
sewed on the nightshirt.
The Klansman explained that his
wife made him wear the tall night
cap so that he would have to sit up
in bed and talk to her and not lie
down and sleep before all questions
of the day had been settled. As for
the big nightshirt; it was a family
heirloom from his father-in-law and
that he had promised the old gen
tleman faithfully on his death bed
that he would wear it out in his mem
ory. The inspector passed him across
the line.—The National Observer.
HIGHER EDUCATION AND
THE CONSTITUTION
—K-K-K
PLAIN STATEMENTS PLAINLY
STATED PERTAINING TO OUR
COLLEGES AND UNIVER
SITIES.
—K-K-K
The time was when students at
colleges and universities were taught
to reverance and obey the Constitu
tion—all of it—whether they agreed
personally with it on all points or
whether they did not. Now a de
plorable condition exists in many of
the large institutions of learning—
a condition that calls for the exer
cise of intelligence as well as stub
bornness upon the part of our patri
otic citizenry. It is a fact beyond
dispute that class reunions connive
at the serving of liquor at their din
ners and wink at practices which
occlude in connection with the en
forcement of the eighteenth amend
ment. Nay, more, even the alumni
shield themselves and their fellows,
it is said, from the results that
should follow certain lawless and un
patriotic performances in which wine
and whisky flow to tickle the palates
of those who have lost sight of the
fact that the breaking of a single
line of the law of the Constitution
is as bad as kicking the whole docu
ment into the waste-basket.
Is it not really true that many of
our colleges are not preparing men
to live, but are merely teaching them
to make a living—regardless of
ethics and morals, and with “pleas
ure” the uppermost thought in
mind? Is it not true that in a broad
sense the life of the average under
graduate is little more than dull,
stupid, meaningless, save where it is
by “athletics” and
“livened” by the false hilarity that
grows out of “wine whizzes” and like
violations of federal laws?
Do Universities Provide an Artificial
Life?
Universities, it would seem, are
enlarged nowadays to provide an ar
tificial life for young people—a life
where originality of thought is not
so much encouraged as an original
and strained mode of living. Infor
mation seems to be ladled out like
soup at a cafeteria, as some one has
(said, and the entire force of the
teaching staff of many a university
appears to be spent upon superficial
and vain studies of questionable cul
tural value rather than upon those
leadings and lessons which will make
good citizens out of the youths that
are ground into the educational ma
chine.
Is it not true that a considerable
number of our successful (?) univer
sity graduates have so far failed in
absorbing true ethics, that they ap
pear to be more interested in their
own stolen or perverted pleasures
and modes of life and support than
they are in the eternal welfare of
their children and that of the won
derful country of their election and
destiny ?
And yet, back of this general in
stability of purpose remain, within
the hearts of a great people, the
ideals for which all reasonable pa
triots toil and from which they re
ceive ustaining power. With these
ideals behind us as a living force the
truth becomes clear and beautiful.
We shall believe that it is possible
for American genius, education, and
patriotism to create a system of
great universities in which young
men and young women shall be
taught a proper respect for the laws
of their country—in which patriot
ism shall be the motivating power
behind all class room effort; in
which liberty shall be the light of
all freedom youth and its ethical
life; in which the Constitution of the
country shall be the guide, the royal
will and pleasure and rule of life, of
a proud and glorified young Amer
ica!—Fiery Cross.
-K-K
We live in deeds, not years; in
thoughts, not breaths;
In feelings, not in figures on a dial.
We should count time by heart
throbs. He most lives
Who thinks most, feels the noblest,
acts the best.
Life is but a means unto an end;
that end, —
Beginning, mean, and end to all
things,—God.
—Bailey.