'■Ew^
THE CALL of the NORTH
b published every Wednesday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul, Minnesota,
and wfll stand for American Institutions, principles. Ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people's minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
THE CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN.
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE—
Send all news items and address all inquires to EDITOR. CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172. St. Paul. Minnesota.
KUNSMEN WELL REPAID
back over the past year’s accomplishments, Klansmen can
feel well repaid for their efforts in helping 1 to improve the moral and civic
conditions in their communities as well as the conditions at large. A con
densed digest of the work done in aiding the officials in bring to justice
flagrant law violators and in cleaning up vice conditions is alone, a great
achievement had not the organization materially increased church attend
ance, placed the Bible in hundreds of schools and brought greater respect
to our flag. The great moral effect of the Klan has been felt in many ways
but that which has had greater publicity possible, is the cleaning up of vice
conditions that obtained in so many cities and towns.
Early in January of last year Michigan City, Indiana, underwent a
change when the Klan there became active for the recognition of the law.
Gambling, soft drink parlors and pool rooms were practically eliminated
and bootlegegrs who were openly defying the 18th amendment were halted
in their operations.
At Mishawaka, Ind., the campaign for law enforcement was success
fully conducted about the same time.
At Peru, Ind., a successful campaign for law enforcement resulted
in the arrest of many bootleggers and a clean-up that was most gratifying
to the better element of the city of Peru.
A campaign for law enforcement in Indianapolis was opened in April
with the result that scores of arrests were made each week and many stills
were uncovered. Klan investigators were busy for weeks with the resu't
that some of the worst offenders in Indianapolis were given long sentences
and heavy fines. The campaign was systematically carried out and a
smashing blow was dealt vice in Indianapolis. This campaign continued
more than two months.
During this time a clean-up of the vice conditions was being carried
on at Anderson, Ind., where many stills were confiscated and a stop put to
all flagrant law violations. Other vice conditions were naturally cleaned
up at that time.
During all this time the moral pressure of the Klan throughout
Indiana was making itself felt and raids were being conducted at many
points in the state and resulting in many arrests.
The clean-up at Paris, 111., in May was most successful and a news
paper of that city at the time of the clean-up stated “this city is experi
encing one of the greatest clean-ups since its incorporation 100 years ago.”
At this time the Klan was proving a spur to law enforcement in all
places where it was operating.
At Akron, Ohio, in the latter part of May and the first part of June
an era of law enforcement was inaugurated throughout Summit county
following two large open meetings of the Klan at which law enforcement
programs were mapped out. Some of the bootleggers arrested during this
campaign received fines as high as $1,500.
In the same month the crusade was entered into by the Klan at
Newark, Ohio, to halt flagrant law violations and met with big success.
The better elements of the city (whether Klansmen or not Klansmen) were
heartily in accord with the program which purged that city of the open
vice that existed.
At Greensburg( Ind., 75 persons were rounded up in the first raid
of a series of raids and charged with bootlegging and other law viol -
tions. These raids were the direct results of the moral pressure brought
by the Klan to halt the operation of these offenders.
At Middletown, Ohio, better law enforcement was felt early in June
and followed the rapid growth of the Klan in that place.
The same effect was felt in Bellefontaine, Ohio, at that time as well
as all cities in Ohio, where the Klan was organized l .
Up to this time Gary, Muncie, and other of the larger cities of In
diana were feeling the effect of the moral pressure of the Klan through
better conditions morally.
At Fort Wayne, Ind., early in July the Klan investigators turned
over to the federal officers 29 affidavits covering 84 persons, and 85 barrels
and four jugs of intoxicating liquor to be used as evidence at the opening
of a drive to clean up the city of Fort Wayne of bootleggers, gamblers and
other law violators that were preying upon the young girls and young men
of that city. Within a week after the crusade started road houses of the
most disreputable nature and where young girls could be found drunk, some
of them not over 14 years of age, were closed and chairs piled on top of
the tables. More than 100 bootleggers later faced a federal judge and
received sentence.
Reports from Rockville, Ind., the same month show that bootlegging
was rapidly diminishing in Parke county due to the activities of the Klan
in securing evidence and information for the officers.
At St. Elmo, 111., the Klan gained the enmity of all lawbreakers and
bootleggers in that vicinity when a clean-up was instigated against law
violators early in August and the city cleaned not only of lawbrakers but
all hoodlums who blockaded the streets at certain points and harrassed
every woman without escort.
Daring all this time the moral pressure of the Klan was being felt
throughout many states and moral conditions were being improved in a
large number of cities and towns, and many reports were received of in
creased church attendance due to the growth of the Klan.
On August 19, 7,000 persons gathered in the town square at Marion,
ID., as a demonstration for good citizenship. The project was brought
about by the Ku Klux Klan and it was estimated that five of the 7,000 per
sons who attended the demonstration were Klansmen. On the preceding
Sunday a law enforcement sermon was given in each of every Protestant
church in the county. A campaign then got under way and the climax
came just before Christmas when the drive on bootleggers, gamblers and
other law violators started throughout Williamson and Franklin counties.
Bootleggers showed armed resistance and four officers were shot on the
first two days of the raids which were conducted by federal and local officers
on information furnished by the Klan and on evidence secured by the mem
bers. Due to the great foreign population, among which were practically
all the bootleggers, the raids gradually became a fight between foreigners
and foreign law violators on one side and American citizens seeking better
moral conditions on the other. The arrests in two weeks totaled approxi
mately 160 among whom were some of the worst offenders in the two coun
ties. At this time records are being completed and it is expected that in
junctions will be issued to close more than 100 disreputable places in these
two counties. The sheriff of Williamson county, who would take no active
part in these raids, prevailed on the governor to send troops to Herrin, 111.,
but on January 16 issued a formal statement in which he said he would
co-operate with citizens and asked the governor to withdraw the troops
which was done on that day and the following day.
The moral conditions in these two counties were almost beyond belief
especially in view of the fact that there were no large cities. The foreign
element, however, had perfected and now have an organization which i 3
primarily formd to fight the Klan and it is through this organization that
the law violators! get their strength. A few months ago, to show their
resentment for raids made on gambling houses this organization staged a
long parade composed of about 400 autos packed with foreigners among
whom there were men waiving bottles supposedly filled with liquor. Many
of the men were alleged to be drunk.
During the latter part of 1923 tbe Klan had been growing at a tre
mendous rate in Michigan and' clean-ups were beginning in that state.
These culminated in a monster drive against crime and illicit liquor traffic
in Macomb county where on January 12th a dragnet was thrown out and
in a few hours the Mt. Clemens jail was filled to overflowing. High-pow
ered cars sped over country roads throughout the night carrying prohibi
tion officers and state police who swooped down upon road houses and
country stores picking up scores of law violators in all parts of the county.
Church services were held throughout the night and the edifices were
filled with Klansmen and their families, together with other Christian citi
zens who were giving thanks for the mighty blow that was being dealt vice
in that county.
By Mail 12.00 Per Year in Advance
(From Fiery Cross)
These wholesale raids continued until after sunrise and the officers
worked in precision and no time was lost. The prohibition officer# and
the state police were joined by men from the sheriff's office. With the
starting of the New Tear in Ohio, state>wide clean-ups were getting under
way. At that time new mayors throughout the state went into office.
Practically all these new officers had been elected on tickets endorsed by
Klansmen. This clean-up is new in operation and among the more promi
nent cities now being given a civic bath, are Lorain, Hamilton, Youngs
town, Newark and Akron. In some instances chiefs of police who had
shown too friendly a feeling toward the criminal elements were removed
and men on whom the better element could depend to enforce the laws were
put into their places.
Editor In Chief
While the incidents mentioned above merely set out in a general way,
the great good the Klan is accomplishing, none but the most prejudiced
persons can deny the marvelous benefit to hundreds of communities and
the country in general which has been affected by the Klan organization.
Ever since the human race began
to multiply upon this old planet,
which we call earth, there has been
a tendency for folks to separate into
groups, tribes, klans, or whatever
you may please to call them; for
their own mutual protection. These
tribes of course formed the govern
ment of their day. True, they were
very crude governments, but remem
ber from such crudity has sprung our
boasted civilization of today. From
the crucible of human experimenta
tion in civics has come the higher
ideals in government; as expressed
in our own government of the people,
for the people, and by the people.
Even in the most crude tribal forms
government would have been impossi
ble without a sense of loyalty and
devotion, being implanted in the
hearts of the tribesmen. This loy
alty to tribe or klan was the essen
tial germ of patriotism, without which
no government, no matter how crude
or how complex, can long exist.
Thus you can see, readily, that pa
triotism is one of the oldest, as well
as one of the most important things,
from the human standpoint, in gov
ernment. It is equally important to
the governed and to the government
as a whole. Without patriotism there
can be nothing but anarchy and chaos.
Every tribe, every race, every na
tion, practically since the dawn of
creation, has had its patriotic ireals.
Sure they may not be such as are
our ideals; for surely, we have ad
vanced much in the few odd thousand
years that separate the “then" from
the “now;" but, however, that does
not alter the facts that patriotism is
essential. It is essential to every
government, be it monarchy or repub
lic; and every nation has had it in a
measure —in the measure that the
government fulfilled the highest
ideals of its subjects, and, that the
subjects lived up to the highest stand
ards set by the government.
This brings us, again, to the ques
tion: Americanism, what is it?
Since it has been said that every na
tion of patriotism, its own patriotic
ideals; then, Americanism must be
the highest ideals of patriotism for
an American —for America. But
Americanism is more than an ideal;
it is that strange invisible, indwell
ing, something in the breasts of men
that influences their lives and moulds
their character into the highest type
of citizenship that the world has ever
produced—an American. American
ism is intangible yet powerfully dy
namic, it is invisible yet visible in its
demonstrations, it cannot be bought
but it is worth more than gold, it is
spirit yet it dwelleth in temples of
mortal clay—Americanism, what is
it? It is a life. If you are ever to
know it in reality you must live it.
It‘ cannot be acquired in a moment,
it takes a lifetime to live it.
Americanism for Americans. Yes,
but because a man is a citizen of this
country, either by birth or adoption,
does not mean that he is living up to
the highest ideals of Americanism or
that he is truly an American. He
who does not respect and honor God,
whose guiding hand has directed the
destiny of our great nation, has not
the right vision of Americanism. He
who will not uphold our country’s
Constituion and our country's laws i 3
not an American at heart. He who
will not uphold our American institu
tions and American ideals; he who
will prostitute the faith of our
Fathers and trample American prec
edent under foot—he and American
ism are strangers if, indeed, not ene
mies. Americanism is in every
thought, act, and impulse that makes
for a better government, a better citi-
FLOCK TO KLAN IN COAL
REGION AS LAW REIGNS
Grand Titan McGehee Heads Great
Drive for Membership in Commu
nities Where Klux Raids Brought
Order
East St. Louis, 111.—Grand Titan C.
D. McGehee was in Chicago recently
in attendance at a meeting of Titans
and fieldworkers with Grand Dragon
Charles G. Palmer. Important affairs
of Illinois Realms, Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, were taken up and some
of the elements which have sought to
disturb the welfare of Klandom were
given their quietus.*
Grand Titan McGehee will go to
southern Illinois, where a great drive
for membership begins in the famous
coal fields of Williamson and adjoin
ing counties. Those regions have
been wonderfully stirred by the good
work of the Klan in demanding and
obtaining law enforcement where for
a score of years public officials have
thought little or nothing of their
AMERICANS
—K-K-K
—K-K-K
Tlm> GAfUU W TBBJUmiL^
WHAT IS IT?
zenship; that upholds the highest
ideals and is in accord with the teach
ings of Christ. But Americanism is
not the directing influence in the lives
of men who deny God and disavow
His Word; who have no respect for
their government, its flag, its consti
tutions and its laws. While we are
learning what Americanism is it is
well also, to remember what is not.
For, “By their fruits ye shall know
them," and, this is most especially
true at this time when there are so
many who have only contempt for our
Constitution and our laws, our flag,
and our ideals mean nothing to them.
Their only thought is that they may
break our American laws with im
punity; that they may continue to
enjoy the blessings of citizenehip,
while they, themselves, are enemies
of clean government.
Americanism. Yes, give us a good
old-fashioned baptism of American
ism; not that mushroom variety,
that spontaneously springs up over
night and is withered in a day; but
give us the genuine sort, the kind
that will stand in peace and in con
flict, in prosperity and in adversity.
Amercianism that is 100 per cent al
ways, and always 100 per cent. We
need it, America must have it if she
is to continue to be the home of free
dom and liberty.
God grant us wisdom that we may
discern the genuine from the coun
terfeit and the spurious. God give us
charity that we may not misjudge our
brother and the motives of true
Americanism.
Americanism, what is it? It is a
life—a clean life, a life that is in
accord with the highest American
principles and ideals. A life that is
both an honor to its country and its
God.
Americanism, the life. It is up to
each and every one of us to live it.
Upon how well we live it depends
how well, we as a nation, measure up
to the standards of Americanism, and
how well we are fulfilling our part in
the divine plan in which America has
an important place. Americanism,
what is it? The answer rests, dear
reader, With you.
There are un-American influences
let loose in America today that would
destroy the entire moral of this coun
try in less than 24 hours if righteous
Americans were not always alert and
ever on the job.
Yes, you feel that your native land
is being made the dumping ground
for peoples of the earth who cannot
have the best interests of that coun
try at heart, and you are doing all
in your power to help make laws,
even getting behind your senators
and representatives in Congress, and
urging them to put up the bars of
this country to forbid the entrance
of undesirables within her boundaries
who can have little at heart in our
great American plan of civilization.
And you believe that as a native-born
resident of this country, your rights
are superior to the rights of the for
eign-born, and that you shall stand
until the day of your death to that
sacred pledge, that by all things
within your power, so be it, you will
never consent to any foreign-born
autocrat of a European nation becom
ing the ruler of these great United
States of America.
If you can subscribe to all of the
above tenets of the all-American plan,
then you are 100 per cent American.
Perhaps a great deal of strife in
the industrial, in the moral, and in
the social life is due to the fact that
you have been a slacker in the great
religion of Jesus Christ in the days
that are past.—The Kluxer.
sworn duty to the public. The recent
raids in Williamson county under the
auspices of the Klan, with the result
ant cleaning out of notorious dives
and the arrest of men long defiant
of law, is bringing to Klan ranks
hundreds of good citizens who had
not before realized what a power for
good the Invisible Empire has been
wherever it has existed.
It is expected that the influx of
new members into the Klan in this
region will make southern Illinois
one of the banner sections of all the
country in Klan development and
achievement.
K-K-K
AUSTRALIA KLAN
Sydney, N. S.—The Anglo-Saxon
Clan of Australia was formed recent
ly and is sweeping the country. It
is patterned after the Ku Klux Klan
of the United States and has Chris
tianity for its main tenet. Jews are
barred from membership because they
do not accept Christianity and it is
supposed that the Order will meet
with opposition from the Catholic
church, as it is pledged to oppose
any interference with politics by that
church.
ALL GREAT CA
The Boston Tee Party was hatched
in a Maeonic hall. Those old boys
were not even thinking of independ
ence. It was simply their way of
“letting off steam.” They figured,
and rightly so, that the home govern
ment has grievously maltreated them
over a period of many years. The
The Party was a result and a cause
at the same time. The result of a
long period of persecution and petty
annoyances. It was a cause of the
Revolution.
General Washington’s path was not
one strewn with American Beauties.
Witness the disgraceful conduct of
Arnold and the traitorous “Conway
Cabal” wherein an effort was made
to remove Washington and ultimately
wreck the cause of the colonists. The
fact that there was a row going on
among the higher-ups did not cause
the aims of the Boys of ’76 to be less
right. The Declaration of Independ
ence was the outstanding issue of the
Revolution. The weakness or the
cussedness of a few men mattered
little in the final analysis.
From 1783 to 1789 there was a
continual row among the several “In
dependent States.” Each was jeal
ous of the other. It required six
years to get them together in a “per
fect Union” and even then two fac
tions emerged, the Federals and the
Republicans, each a 3 far apart as the
poles. The old leaders of the Revo
lution were at daggers’ points. The
Federals desiring a strong central
government and having little faith in
the ability of the common people to
govern. The Republicans took the
opposite viewpoint. Overshadowing
everything was the Constitution.
Had that instrument been less perfect
our government would not have last
ed the century out. It withstood the
shock simply because IT was right
and must live, and in spite of the
fierce row among the higher-ups of
that day and time.
Freemansonry went through its
baptism of fire from 1826 till 1843,
starting with the “Moran Affair.”
The Papal church jumped into the
breach and all but drove Masonry
from the shores of America. There
were desertions from the fraternity
by the housands. Grand Lodge after
Grand Lodge suspended. The contro
versy assumed national proportions
and even became a national issue.
The charge was hurled that anyone
taking the oath of a Master Mason
was a traitor to the United States
government. Demand was made that
Masons be disfranchised. Great men
joined with the forces attempting to
destroy Freemasonry. Yet Freema
sonry survived because of one fact
only. It was builded upon principles
that are right. The higher-ups were
expending their strength against a
stone wall. There is a startling simi
larity tbeween that cry 90 years ago
of “The Masonic Oath is un-Ameri
can” and that of today, “The Klan
Oath is un-American,” and both fos
tered by the same forces.
Beginning in 1820 with the Mis
souri Compromise there was injected
the question of slavery in the politi
cal life of this country and for 40
years the storm clouds gathered, to
burst in all their pent-up fury with
the election of Abraham Lincoln, the
foremost American.
As the past has been, so will the
future bring forth. The principles of
the Klan are right and right will al
ways prevail regardless of any dis
agreement between its leaders.
Those who are making trouble from
the outside are not in harmony with
the principles of the Klan. The Klan
is right, and wrong cannot affiliate
from a national standpoint, for the
principles of the organization pro
hibit it.
The middle part of the 19th century
produced many intellectual giants,
among whom were Henry Clay,
Daniel Webster, Calhoun, Douglas,
Greely, Lincoln and others. No two
of them agreed. The higher-ups were
fighting in all the earnestness of
their souls. The South was in the
saddle.. Each succeeding administra
tion fawned upon the South and slav
ery. In some mysterious manner
large stores of ammunition and arms
were shipped to the South. Drastic
laws were passed protecting the
rights of the slave owners. A sim
ple affidavit was all that was neces
sary for a slave owner to recover a
negro in a free state. “Uncle Tom’s
Cabin” added fuel to the flames.
More stringent laws were demanded
by the overlords of the South. A
sympathetic or spineless administra
tion hastened to do their bidding lest
the Union should become menaced.
Then came the Dred Scott Decision,
rendered by Judge Taney, a Roman
Catholic. It soon became evident that
a well defined plan was in operation
which had for its purpose the wreck
ing of the American government.
Buchanan, the weakling, was succeed
ed by Lincoln, the Man of Destiny,
who said in regard to the slavery
question: “I have taken a solemn
oath before God to uphold and defend
the Constitution of the United States
of America. I can only do my duty.”
Slavery had all the backing of the
national government for 30 years and
even came dangerously near shatter
ing our Union. The higher-ups
fought among themselves. Some of
Lincoln’s cabinet members held him
in contempt. Greely was particular
ly bitter. Gatling guns were used in
New York city to induce the Irish to
enlist. The “Knights of the Golden
ES MEET TRIALS
Circle” (reorganized soon after the
Civil war as the “Knights of Colum
bus”) necessitated the declaration of
martial law in the states of Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio and possibly others.
England was hostile. France set up
a monarchy in Mexico. Stripped of
the countless issues involved in the
Civil War only one thing remained:
Lincoln and the Union were right and
must survive, while the South and
slavery were wrong and must perish.
Yet from its ashes there arose a new
and greater South. The very high
est and the very lowest of the nation
settled their little . differences with
the sword, yet the Union survived be
cause its principles were right.
We will pass over the Spanish-
American War very briefly. Even
you and I can recall the bitter wran
gle preceding our declaration of war.
Big men opposed McKinley to the
last. Even the President was forced
into the war against his own will.
The United States deserves no espe
cial credit or glory for licking Spain,
an explanation of which is not even
necessary.
This brings us to that time when
“der Kaiser unt Gott” crashed
through the Allies’ lines, knocking at
the very doors of Paris, threatening
the British Empire, while the fate of
civilization itself hung in the bal
ance. All eyes were turned toward
America, who, alone, could stem the
onrush of Prussianism. Papalism
joined with the Teutonic Allies, while
Wilson, of “Watchful-waiting” fame
in dealing with Mexico, called upon
the people of America to even refrain
from thinking in an unneutral vein.
Germany’s naval policy resulted in
Wilson writing note after note, each
full of “high sounding phrases.”
Col. Roosevelt exclaimed in anger,
“Our President is strong on words
and weak on action.” Truly the lead
ers of our Republic were fighting
among themselves for sure. Then
the Lusitania horror was followed by
another note. “There is such a thing
as being too proud to fight,” tem
porized Wilson. “He has met the
German policy of ‘Blood and Iron’
with a policy of ‘Milk and Water,’ ”
answered the Colonel. Yet the note
to the German government bristled
with teeth while from afar could be
heard the rattling of sabers. But
the Secretary of State, Mr. Bryan,
mussed things up when he whispered
to Dr. Dumba, the Austrian ambassa
dor, not to take the Lusitania note
too seriously, “that it was sent to the
Imperial German government as a
sop to public opinion in America.”
Bryan was immediately dismissed by
the President, to put it brutally. It
is clear that all was not serene even
within the inner councils of the Dem
ocratic administration.
Conscription was defeated in Que
bec and Australia because of the open
opposition of the Clerical party. Ire
land, the Judas, never let an oppor
tunity pass to stab England in the
back. Yet America hesitated while
her leaders squabbled. Powerful
forces were at work to prevent our
entry into the war. The hand of
God decreed otherwise. In spite of
the mad efforts of the Vatican Amer
ica hurled her millions of men and
billions of wealth on the side of right
eousness and saved civilization. Ger
many caused the revolution in Rus
sia while the Pope all but succeeded
in causing the collapse of the entire
Italian armies. A “Willful Few”
(among whom was Senator Kirby of
Arkansas—now ex-senator) made a
desperate, last-minute effort to block
our government’s entry into the war.
Our Episcopal brethren at the very
top are smiting one another hip and
thigh over “Modernism and Funda
mentalism,” which is being re-echoed
in every pulpit in the land. The
world looks on and laughs, yet,
withal, that mighty host of real
Christian men and women of Ameri
ca move serenely about their duties,
each one having settled for himself
that “the world is bad, and God is
good, and that He sent His only be
gotten Son to save a lost world.”
What matters it if the pygmies are
bickering when “God is on His throne
and all is well with the world.”
If President Coolidge declares that
black is black, why his Republican
brother from the state of many screen
scandals at once screams, “Tain’t so,
black is write.” And so it goes. Yet
no one has the temerity to suggest
that the Republicans adjust their dif
ferences or disband—unless, perhaps,
it be the Democrats.
All this brings us back to the Klan.
It so happens that the fight that the
newspapers are so fond of exploiting
as being among the ranks of the
higher-ups, is really not a fight
among the high officials of the Ku
Klux Klan, but rather the warring
element is composed of a few dis
gruntled ex-officials who were kicked
out of the organization for conduct
unbecoming to a Klansman and a
gentleman. Actually, there is more
harmony among that great body of
Protestant Americans known as
Klansmen than any other organiza
tion in the world today, with the pos
sible exception of the Masons. All
Masonic Klansmen know why. The
Arkansas Traveler (Little Rock).
K-K-K
The highways and byways of our
cities reek with the sleek followers
of Judas Iscariot. Their bag of
tricks is aa old as the human heart
and as sordid as the souls they ap
peal to.
ALAN MEMBERSHIP
INCREASES WHILE
LYNCHIN6 DECREASES
—K-K-K
Recent Data Shows Klan Membership
Greatly Increased and All Reports
Disclose Decrease in Lynchings in
the United States
—K-K-K
We have read a great deal in the
papers about the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan being a band of lawless
men. Nearly all of the daily news
papers have painted this great or
ganization as though they were very
bad people, but all of the authentic
information, published in the Free
Press gives a different description.
There is no doubt that many be
lieve that this organization is op
posed to lawlessness * in every form,
but for mercenary reasons they will
not admit it or have not the moral
stamina to confess it. At any rate
we are printing below an editorial
clipped from the Memphis News
which is evidence that the Klan must
be an agency for good, inasmuch as
lynchings and crime had almost been
on a steady increase until the Klan
began to increase, at which time law
lessness began to decrease.
Good Indication
Lynchings, according to the report
made by the Society for the Advance
ment of Colored People, dropped
from 61 in 1922 to 26 this year.
When we consider the heinousness of
lynching it is bad enough to contem
plate 26, practically all of which oc
curred in the South, but when we
stop to think of the marvelous de
crease it encourages the hope that
within another year or two the evil
may be wiped out entirely.
Regardless of the evidence that
may be presented to the contrary,
the fact remains that there is a
steady and healthy tend in favor of
law and order. We are beginning to
realize that the hope of the nation
rests in the enforcement of law and
the observance of law.
A slower observer, a gentleman
with an analytical mind, remarked
the other day that he saw evidences
of the disappearance of the disposi
tion to violate the liquor law. Liquor
has been a greater contributor to vio
lence than any other influence in this
country. A few years ago many per
sons stocked their cellars and attics
with liquor and orgies were quite the
fashion.
There was a home brew fad for a
while, but that has passed. It is
doubted if there are any home brew
ers left in the community. In the
first place the stuff was never fit to
drink.
Some young men still think it evi
dence of smartness to carry a flask
of liquor to parties and make an ex
hibition of themselves. They do this
because of the example set by their
elders and as older people come to
a realization that there is nothing
but harm in it and abstain from it
and put their condemnation on it,
youth will follow in their footsteps
just as willingly as they do now in
their dissipation.
E. Y? CLARiT
(From Oelwein (Iowa) Register)
We don’t know a thing about the
Ku Klux Klan except what we read,
but it does seem rather strange that
as soon as a man gets out of the
high position in the national organ
ization he immediately finds it is un
lawful, terrorizing organization and
endeavors to discredit it. This is
the case of Edward Y. Clarke, who
has appealed to the president to sup
press the order. It isn’t the fact
that he wants to do some good in
the country or that he honestly
thinks it is bad for the country, but
it is a double headed desire; one a
desire to “get even” with them for
ousting him as head of the order,
and the other to embarrass some of
the politicians by injecting a relig
ious issue into the next election,
neither of which is a very laudable
ideal. The order may be all that he
says it is, but if it is, it was that
way when he was its head. It’s pret
ty hard to raise yourself by your
own bootstraps.
KNOW THE CHILDREN,
JUDGE POWELL URGES
COLUMBUS, 0. —“Get out of
your office and inspire the people of
your community to take an interest
in the young folks and keep them
out of the courts,” advised Judge
Reed M. Powell in addressing the
Association of Probate Judges of
Ohio at a session here.
The Ohio plan for carrying on re
lief work among crippled children was
indorsed by Edgar F. Allen, of Ely
ria, president of the International So
ciety for Crippled Children. T. O.
Reed, chaplain of the Ohio State
Penitentiary, spoke of the education
al work being carried on among
prisoners of that institution and
asked the judges to support a move
ment for legislative appropriation to
extend the work.
-K-K
JESUS LEADS WAY
Jesus is the way. Men have quar
reled about that way until men have
forgotten where it leada.—Barnwell.