“THE CURRENCY CRIME.”
“Dead and Damned!” was the epitaph
which a famous democratic editor once wrote
at the close of a democratic congress which
had proved itself the enemy of the common
interest and the servant of public enemies.
Are there not three or four republican sen
ators big enough, broad enough, far-sighted
enough and sufficiently patriotic to save us
the humiliation of being compelled by honesty
to repeat that epitaph when this present con
gress dies —none too soon?
The republican party is about to go before
the people with the mongrel, hybrid, cheating,
swindling thing labeled the Aldrich-Cannon
currency bill as its claim to the ballots of
American workers and business men, already
long-suffering and embittered victims of the
gamblers of New York.
It has been whipped through the house, to
the shame of the men who have stifled their
own convictions and crouched cowards under
the lash of the vulgar tyrant in the speaker’s
chair for fear of his threat to deprive them of
their slices from “the pork barrel” —their ap
propriations in the omnibus building bill.
It will be whipped through the senate in
like fashion, in all likelihood, thanks to the
feebleness of the democratic minority, playing
the donkey’s roll as usual in their inability to
see the chance to gain favor by a filibuster
that would Jae patriotic statesmanship.
Worst of all, we believe that Roosevelt
will make the bill a law by signing it. He will
hurt his country and his party not because of
lack of courage or of good intent*. He will do
this sin because of lack of understanding.
In grasp of financial questions he is an
infant. He trusted Cortelyou. That was ex
cusable. But he continued to trust him after
last December. And now again, with the best
of motives, he will commit one of those
blunders which Talleyrand rightly called
“worse than a crime.”
Are there not two or three men in the
United States senate not too deaf to hear the
stern warning of all the legitimate business
interests of America?
Has not Roosevelt enough friends there to
save him from himself?
Are there not enough loyal republicans to
keep the party from being rushed into gravest
peril by this foisting upon the people at the
dictates of Wall Street a law immeasurable
worse than the one condemned by practically
every organized body of business in the
nation ?
Even the original Aldrich bill was better
than this iniquity. Even the two-headed
freakish thing promised by the conference con
spirators was not so vicious as the swindle
rushed to passage in the house after one
hour’s debate, before a. single member had a
chance to read the bill upon which he voted.
It was only eighteen months or so ago that
Aldrich on the floor of the senate made, this
declaration regarding municipal and railroad
bonds: “In these days they are fluctuating
widely, and no prudent banker could afford
to buy bonds other than the bonds of the
United States.”
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
But that was before he had new orders
from 26 Broadway and the National City
bank, and before J. P. Morgan’s office boy in
Washington received the message that illegal
bond issues would be needed for Wall Street’s
convenience in addition to $250,000,000 de
posits’ of the people’s money.
Those high financiering banks of New York
owed outside banks $410,000,000 just before
last fall’s panic. From August until December
the country could squeeze only five per cent of
its own money from New York’s clutches. And
Wall Street made a virtue of paying $20,000,-
000 of its $400,000,000 indebtedness to the
distressed country, during a period when the
accommodating Cortelyou increased the treas
ury deposits in New York banks $47,000,000.
But Wall Street had bonds in plenty—rail
road and municipal bonds unsalable, unaccept
able by savings banks, and so speculative and
unstable that many of them fluctuated from
ten to twenty per cent within a year.
New York was the defaulter of the nation,
with its illegal clearing house certificates.. But
there are bonds to build new skyscrapers in
Broad street if heaped in bundles, flotation
upon flotation.
There were bonds enough when Mr. Cor
telyou opened the treasury doors to them to
increase the deposits of railroad and municipal
bonds with the governmnet from $87,000,000
in October to $200,000,000 in December. And
still Wall Street gasped for breath under its
load of dubious securities.
It was to dump upon the government that
load that Aldrich introduced the bill that he
did not himself dare defend except as a make
shift. And it was that bill which brought
forth an outburst of indignation from every
board of trade and commercial body through
out the land. -
The protest was so universal that Aldrich
voluntarilywithdre w his proposal to accept
railroad bonds as security for currency. He
did so in an attempt to forestall LaFollette’s
tremendous indictment, of which this was an
essential clause:
“For us to pass laws here that lend gov
ernment credit to railroad financiering
schemes, that guarantee, in a measure, rail
road securities and adopt railroad securities,
good, bad and indifferent, into the currency
system of the country, without either dis
crimination or investigation, could not be
justified under any pretext of serving the
public interest. ’ ’
But on that same March day the Wisconsin
senator warned the country that the vicious
proposal had been dropped only temporarily
and would be revived. He was right. Aldrich
and his clique even then were preparing to
prove themselves tricksters and faith breakers.
The auger of the people was lulled to sleep.
The public watched with contemptuous indif
ference the senate's passage of the emasculat
ed Aldrich bill and the acceptance by the
house of the spineless Vreeland measure, the
latter, at least, having the merit of recogniz
ing in a small way the only true basis of
emergency curreney-r-commercial paper,.
And now at the eleventh hour, the conspira
tors deliver their stab at the commerce of the’
country. They rush forward a bill well de
scribed as “half senate infamy and half
house infamy,” embodying every rotten' Wall
Street device that lay in the earlier bifU and
discarding every amendment for the protection
of honest banking and legitimate business.
Commercial paper is mentioned and rail
road bonds are not. Oh, the wisdom of these
pirates, thinking they can mask their purposes'
with such word twisting! Just as if the busi
ness men of the country would not understand
the meaning of “other bonds” and “securities
including commercial paper.”
State, county and municipal bonds to be
accepted at ninety per cent of their market
value. “Other bonds” and commercial paper
to be taken at seventy-five per cent only after
arranging complicated and elaborate associa
tions feasible only for the New York banks-
And even should such machinery be formed
and the entire assets of the banks pledged,
they could issue only thirty per cent of the
unimpaired capital and surplus on the security
of commercial paper, while on “other bonds”
the only limitation placed is that the issue,,
together with the circulation based on United
States bonds, must not exceed the aggregate
capital and surplus of the issuing bank.
This law will mean the turning over of
the treasury of the United States to the gamb
lers of New York stock exchange for a period
of six years.
It will mean the making of “good times"
and “bad times.” of “bull ’markets and
“bear’’ markets according to the pleasure of
Rogers and Rockefeller in the National City
bank and J. P. Morgan in the National Bank
of Commerce.
It will mean not the slow and certain move
ments of contraction and inflation by the nat
ural laws of commerce, "but sharp changes
forced at will by the master gamblers.
It will mean the gift to the chief enemies
of the nation of the power to issue or retire
half a billion of dollars, exciting speculation
or compelling disaster according to whichever
best suits their betting book.
What the effect will be upon the coming
elections we do not know. We do not know
what measure of punishment a long-suffering
people will inflict upon their betrayers.
It is not the time to think of politics or
partisanship. A thing is being done which
will affect every employer and every employe
in America, every banker, merchant, manu
facturer, clerk and mechanic.
We wish merely to warn one and all. The
country will be in the condition of a con
valescent to whom drugs that are powerful
stimulants, but poisonous, would be adminis
tered.
There will be a boom —a feverish but false
activity. The issue of half a billion of fiat
greenbacks or 16 to 1 silver would have the
same effect. And then, after the North Ameri
can and the few like us have been mocked at
as false prophets and pessimists, payday will
come. And the price ''nil be a bitter one.—-
. North American Review.
PAGE FIVE