PAGE TWELVE
NOT POPULIST DOCTRINE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
county unit, so our United States sena
tor should be elected. While I am heart
ily in favor of the initiative and referen
dum, I would not be in favor of applying
it in any other way than that provided by
the constitution of the United States,
which recognizes the state unit, and
thereby provides a check upon nu
merical majorities. Unless the initiative
and referendum, which is a Populist prin
ciple, were applied according to the meth
od of our national constitution, it would
be a deadly doctrine to such small states
as Delaware, Rhode Island, Georgia and
Alabama. It would make it possible for
the large states, like New York, Ohio and
Pennsylvania, to establish a political des
potism by means of their dense popula
tion and their great superiority of num
bers. In like manner, I would oppose the
direct election of senators by the people,
unless we follow that constitutional sys
tem, which protects the country counties
from the overwhelming numbers in our
big cities. The Hoke Smith program,
which proposes to allow the successful
candidate to name the representatives of
those counties which he does not carry,
as well as the representatives of the coun
ties which he does carry, is the most
deadly blow struck at representative gov
ernment and home rule since the days of
the carpet-bagger and the federal bayo
net.
* n n
IVZry Was La Tollette Unsupported?
As is well known, there is no rule by
which debate can be closed, arbitrarily,
in the U. S. Senate. Therefore, if a mi
nority is at once stubborn and adroit, it
can talk any bill to death. In this way,
Senator Carmack, of Tennessee, killed
the infamous Ship-subsidy bill in the
Congress of two years ago.
When the Aldrich bill came' back to
the Upper House for final action, at this
session, Senator La Follette laid his
plans to talk it to death. The damnable
bill deserved just that fate.
The Senator from Wisconsin broke all
the records of ‘"long talks” by speaking
upwards of nineteen hours continuously.
Then he gave way to the blind Senator
from Oklahoma, Gore, who was to talk
Until 5 o’clock in the morning, at which
time he was to be relieved by Stone, of
Missouri. La Follette, of course, had to
leave the chamber to get some rest. Gore
spoke until about 5 o’clock, and took his
seat, believing that Stone was in his
place. But Stone was not there, and the
watchful henchmen of Wall Street dashed
in and passed their bill.
Where were those virtuous Democrats
who spoke against the Aldrich bill, and
who voted against it? Why did they not
help La Follette in his great fight for the
people? Why was not every Democratic
Senator ready to help talk the Wall Street
bill to death?
Ah, it makes the heart sick. Those
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Democratic Senators who would not help
La Follette kill the Aldrich bill wanted
it to pass, although they spoke and voted
against it.
Had Aldrich needed a few Democratic
votes, he could have got them.
La Follette, the Republican, stood
alone in his magnificent constancy and
"honesty of opposition to the bill. Had
the Democratic Senators wanted the
measure talked to death, it never could
have become a law.
HUM
As It Is In Tlorida
Montbrook, Fla., May 30, 1908.
To the Editor Times-Democrat, Bron
son, Fla.:
Could the honest, fair-minded Demo
crats of Levy county be in Jacksonville
and learn the facts as to how the primary
was run there May 19, they would all
vote one way at the next primary.
The supporters of all candidates agree
there has never before since reconstruc
tion times, been quite so much open and
brazen corruption resorted to by the sup
porters of the railroad*,candidates.
Many people lay it to the saloon in
fluence in that city, where so many whis
key men have recently located from
Georgia, but I believe that the railroads
exercised much more influence than the
saloons.
The returns show that in the last pri
mary Mr. Gilchrist received more than
one-fourth of his entire state vote in Du
val and Hillboro counties, and that out
side of Jacksonville and Tampa, where
the corporation and saloon votes are con
centrated, and where corrupt influences
are so powerful, Mr. Stockton received
more votes than Mr. Gilchrist.
Are the Democratic voters of Florida
going to stand idly by and see Jackson
ville and Tampa dominate Florida poli
tics?
Mr. Flagler’s Florida East Coast Rail
road openly instructed their employes to
vote for Mr. Gilchrist and other candi
dates favorable to them, and actually fit
ted up headquarters in Jacksonville
where employes were expected to report
and receive instructions and dummy bal
lots.
These employes were instructed to
trade their votes for local candidates to
get as many votes as possible for Mr.
Gilchrist for Governor.
The A. C. L. Ry. also sent out “re
quests” to their employes to vote for Mr.
Gilchrist. Other railroads did the same.
Nobody in Jacksonville denies that Mr.
Gilchrist is the corporation candidate,
and even his supporters state this as a
fact, and some of them say that the at
tempt to prevent the railroads from
charging what they please for freight and
passengers is as wrong as to say a farmer
should not charge more for their pro
duce than the consumer wants to pay.
There is also a concerted effort to do
away with the primary system.
The Times-Union and other eorporation
papers are already advocating conven
tions, and Mr. Gilchrist is well known to
favor conventions.
Many voters there are already express
ing regret that they voted.for Mr. Gil
christ before, and are now actively at
work for Mr. Stockton.
I believe that fully one-fourth of those
who voted for Mr. Gilchrist in Jackson
ville will now vote for Mr. Stockton, be
cause of the means used in his interest.
The church people in Jacksonville will be
unanimously against Mr. Gilchrist next
time, as a rebuke for the methods used.
J. S. BLITCH.
HMM
Call Tor People *s Party Ratifica
tion Westings.
There will be a state mass meeting to
verify the nominations of national candi
dates made at St. Louis on the 3rd of
April last, to be held at Emporia, Kan
sas, at 10 o’clock a. m. on the nth day
of June, 1908, and all reform voters of
Kansas opposed to the two old parties,
all who desire to unite in the grand and
new political movement, which already
extends from Maine to California, and
from Canada to the Gulf, and to which
350,000 men have pledged themselves in
writing, all who feel that the time has
come for action, are invited to come to
this meeting and identify themselves
with this cause. Let Kansas not lag be
hind, but get to the front and lead.
General J. S. Coxey, of Ohio, has kind
ly consented to be present and address
the meeting, and we are advised that an
envoy to Kansas from the voters of Ken
tucky will also come. At this meeting
condidates for national electors and state
officers to go into the primaries will be
agreed upon.
The hospitality of Emporia will be ex
tended to all who attend; banners, ora
tors, badges, music and whatever may
add to the enjoyment and efficiency of
the occasion will be supplied.
Let everv patriot heed this as a call to
duty and come and learn more fully of
this new movement.
Lecturers and those desirous of engag
ing as organizers are requestd to corre
spond with the chairman at state head
quarters in Emporia
H. B. HEWITT, Chairman.
E. E. FAWLER, Secretary.
It is further requested that congres
sional conventions of the New People’s
Party and others reformers who are op
posed to both old parties meet at the
following times and places, unless other
wise ordered by congressional commit
tees :
sth District, Manhattan, June 4.
6th District, Hill City, June 5.
7th District, Great Bend, June 6.
Bth District, Eldorado, June 8.
3rd District, Independence, June 9.
2d District, Garnett, June 10.
Ist District, Topeka, June 13.
The State Committee will furnish
speakers for these meetings. ~