PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
Various propositions are being made rela
tive to the Alaska coal-mines. The United
Let These
Lands Alone
For the
Present.
probably much more where the territory is
yet unexplored. Hence the assault upon the
Government to obtain control of this mineral
wealth. The Cunningham coal claim is but a
part of the conflicting interests which are
now warring over the enjoyment of these
great natural resources. If certain corpora
tions can not buy up the land itself, they will
seek other means by which they may strip
the land of its wealth and leave ultimately
but a barren acreage, unfit for agriculture,
virtually worthless to the citizens of Alaska,
and valueless to the United States. A bill
has been 'prepared providing for the sale of
Alaska coal lands at $lO an acre, which is
said to have high official indorsement, and
even later another proposition has been made
to lease 5.000 acres of Alaska coal lands and
pay to the Government a royalty of 50 cents
a ton on all coal mined, which it is believed
would aggregate $50,000,000. A similar ar
rangement relative to other coal lands would
bring the royalties up to the billions.
Both propositions are doubtful if not abso
lutely vicious. Ten dollars per acre for land
worth thousands of dollars would be a Gov
ernment grant to private interests to exploit
a great source of natural wealth for a mere
song, and those attempting to engineer this
bill through Congress stamp themselves in
advance as corruptionists of the worst type.
The other proposition likewise requires close
scrutiny. What the masses need is cheaper
fuel and the royalty to the Government does
not promise any relief to the consumer, nor,
if things continue as they have gone hereto
fore, would the increase in the revenues result
in lower taxation or other indirect benefit.
It would result in a plethoric treasury, a
great appropriations pork barrel and a car
nival of official extravagance.
This coal should not be mined at all for the
present! Let the Government operate its
own railroads ami use this fuel to reduce the
cost of transportation, in this way bringing
direct benefit to all the people of every class.
This is one good solution of the question
what to do with these coal lands. There may
be others more valuable, but the prime object
now should be not to let the frenzy of “devel
opment” burn up a vast national asset in
which the whole people should share.
While we are considering conservation it is
well that certain persons and journals are di
recting serious attention to
A More Vital
Phase of
Conservation. "
American contains the following striking
paragraphs:
“A canvass of day-nurseries by a representa
tive of the American reveals the fact that thou
sands of wives have been compelled by the recent
appalling rise in food prices to turn over to public
institutions the care of their little children and
join their husbands in the wage-struggle for the
means of life.”
“For example, fifteen mothers—mostly young
■women who had before marriage been stenogra
phers or saleswomen —were applicants on a sin
gle day this week at the nursery in St. Mark’s
place. Among the fifteen came one young mar
ried woman not quite eighteen years of age, bring
ing her two-months-old baby. ‘My husband is
kind and good to me,’ she said, ‘but I also must
work in order to exist. His salary won’t support
us now, with food so high.’ ”
States Geological Survey
has made an estimate, no
doubt a conservative one,
that there are 16.000.000
tons of coal in sight in cer
tain parts of Alaska, and
the most important of all
conservations, —that of hu
man infant life. An edi
torial in the New York
Ueflfersontan
While such awful conditions are naturally
more to be expected in the big cities, it can
not be denied that every center of industry
presents parallels. The Gail-Borden Com
pany has been offering dividends on some
$20,000,000 watered stock. This enormous
profit proves that in part at least mil
lions of dollars in America go for artificial
food for babies. While of course condensed
milk for ordinary table consumption is large
ly used, it is a prime necessary in the feeding
of children where the mother is unable to
provide the natural nourishment. This in
ability has too often been loosely attributed
to refusal rather than necessity. The society
woman—so-called—has been condemned for
surrendering her infant to the danger of arti
ficial feeding; but more often it is the case
among the poorer classes that the mother is
herself too poorly nourished or must work
outside of the home, so as to make nursing
her baby practically an impossibility. The
infant mortality due to artificial feeding is
something appalling so far as statistics go,
and the innumerable deaths which are due to
this cause in fact, but named variously ma
rasmus. ma 1-nutrition, cholera infantum,
would be infinitely worse. Not only this, but
the average artificially fed baby, while it may
apparently thrive on artificial feeding, is far
less able to resist infectious disease than the
child whose strength is preserved by the nat
ural food. Industrial conditions that force
the young mother back to the office, the shop
or the factory and subject her baby to the
hazard of artificial feeding is the vilest blot
that could be upon any civilization. We
shrink in horror from the thought of that
dark pit at the foot of Mount Taygetus into
which the Spartans hurled the weak and de
formed babe, and from all other forms of in
fant exposure: but to slowly starve or torture,
thousands of babies to death under modern
conditions does not arouse the public senti
ment or the legislatures to vigorous protest.
Every year, we bury not the weak or de
formed, but thousands of the most precious
promises of fine humanity, in order that the
trusts may grind out additional profits on the
necessaries of life. We can not blame the
women for failure to do their duty when
greed renders it impossible for them to do it.
The poor mother who goes to the mill or the
shop in the morning, leaving her baby to
the ignorant or indifferent care of a public
nursery or some hireling, and who returns at
night to find the little one poisoned and dying
from a milk-bottle laden with deadly germs,
is not the criminal, but she and her child are
the victims of the greatest criminality of the
age.
Don Roosevelt Furioso has been dealt a se
vere blow in the collapse of his libel suits
against the Indiana News and
The Libel
Suits Fait,.
week following close on the
heels of the other indictment which went by
the board. Every one is glad that the freedom
of the press has thus wisely been upheld by
two different courts of high authority, ft is
most gratifying that Judge Hough, sitting in
the case of the United States against the pub
lishers of the World, held simply that his
court had no jurisdiction of the matter; that
if any libel had occurred the remedy should
have been sought in the State courts, which
had ample authority properly to deal with
the matter. Thus the doctrine of States-
Rights is upheld where it has often been ig
nored, —in the Federal Courts, —and Mr.
Roosevelt’s unwise and ill-advised effort to
the New York World, the lat
ter case being quashed last
invoke the doctrine of lese majeste given such
an authoritative rebuke that it is safe to say
no future executive will err along this line.
* * « « *
Mr. Taft will like wise find that his indirect
effort to muzzle the press will meet with the
same failure. At a banquet given by promi
nent publishers of periodicals and magazines
in Washington last week, he let it slip that
the threatened increase in postal rates was a
blow at what he is pleased to call muckraking.
Os course every one recognized this as the
truth so soon as Mr. Hitchcock suggested
throwing the burden oU the postal deficit
upon the magazines and rural free delivery,
but hardly supposed Mr. Taft would be so
undiplomatic as to practically make a public
admission that the proposed increase was in
tended as a disciplinary measure to punish
those magazines which have criticized cor
ruption in high officials, or to prevent further
plain speaking.
The administration says to the press in ef
fect : “Don’t criticize or we will fine you out
of existence by raising the postal rates.”
How weak and silly it is for him to lend
himself to any such attempt at gagging the
press. That is one of the things which can’t
be “did”. The very vested interests of which
he is so tender are in many instances heavy
advertisers in the magazines, and if postal
rates are increased advertising rates must like
wise be increased; or subscription rates, which
would result in decreased circulation which
would make directly against the advertisers’
interests.
While thousands of copies of Joe Cannon’s
B t.'’ arblc are being franked, and
while partisan literature goes free of charge
at the expense of the taxpayers of all par
ties; while Senators and Congressmen abuse
shamelessly their franking privilege, etc., it is
an insult to public intelligence for Mr. Taft
to believe that the great educators of this
country can be paralyzed by either threatened
or increased postage. What has been accom
plished, however, will be to render all maga
zines and periodicals to rise as one man and
demand a parcels-post or a square deal in pos
tal rates. Why does it cost less to send sev
eral pounds of second-class matter from San
Francisco to Berlin, across two continents and
one broad ocean, than to send the same pack
age from San Francisco to Los Angeles?
Why do the express companies transport their
matter with all costs of personal delivery to
the receiving office and from the distributing
office to the addressee and make enormous
dividends where the United States comes out
with a deficit? We control the railroads by
ineffectual outside railroad commissioners:
the express companies control the railroads
by ownership of stock in them and a definite
controlling voice in the rates made.
We are very glad that Mr. Hitchcock and
Mr. Taft are giving a public object-lesson,
which will result in general and intelligent
interest in the subject of postal rates, express
rates, benefits of the parcels-post and of gov
ernment ownership of the utilities which can
not otherwise be controlled.
It is strange how sensitive folks get to criti
cism sometimes. Mr. Taft begs piteously that
his motives be not mi si li-
Such Refined
and Delicate
Creatures !
teller shells tears over the ingratitude of men.
and it is just possible that the refined, sensi
tive soul of J. P. Morgan suffers in silence
because he is misunderstood. Now comes the
terpreted. Richard Achilles
Ballinger shrieks wildly
against the muckraker and
his awful deeds. Rocke-