$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. Y., (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise poultry products
; and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3 % hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure cold water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information ftil out and mail this coupon.
——
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
•• •• • • •• • • a • ••
WATSON’S
JEFFERSONIAN
MAGAZINE
Thomson, Georgia
Price 10 Cents
SI.OO Per Year
Foreign Missions
last and strongest of Mr. Watson’s articles on this subject is in
the AUGUST number of the Magazine.
/.The Dark Corner/.
By Zach McGhee. This is something wholly new in American fiction.
A tale of present day life in the rural South, with scenes and characters
which are real, yet unique and picturesque to the point of fascination.
A Southern novel, by a Southern writer. Begins in the AUGUST
number.
Is the South Glad it Lost?
CMr. Watson replies to the Secretary of War. All lovers of the South
should read this editorial in the AUGUST Magazine.
Planters’ War in Tennessee
Throws a new, strong light on the battle-ground of the Southern
planters and the Northern trust. In the AUGUST number of Watson’s
Magazine.
The Common Herd
A New Religious-Political-lconoclastic
Monthly Magazine
It is aggressive, independent, different, fas
cinating, instructive, fearless and attracting
the attention of reformers everywhere.
Its theological department is a wonder. It
pleases the progressive and offends the creed
bound. It is Watsonian in many things and
“more so.” Richard Potts, a man until lately
unknown, is the curious editor. He is a radi
cal of the radicals and strikes straight from
the shoulder.
It is worth SIO.OO a year but you can get it
each month for a year for only $1.00; or six
months for 5 dimes in stamps. Address
R. POTTS
155 S. Akard St. DALLAS, TEXAS
Magazine I Year Free
Reform Review one year $1.50
Tobacco and My Child 25
The Devil’s Parlor 25
Magazine and two books $1.50
To introduce it into thousands of
homes we will send it for one year for
FIFTY cents and send prepaid the
two books.
This magazine covers the entire
field of reform, including suggested
and necessary reforms. All students
of morals or economics, religious
teachers, teachers or possessors of
children, lovers of home, and reform
workers, need this magazine, the only
publication of its kind. Recommend
ed by more ministers than any other
paper published.
THE REX PUBLISHING CO.
Millmont, Pennsylvania.
Sketches From Roman History
The warfare that is being carried
on today against class legislation has
aroused a keen interest in this little
book, in which Mr. Watson deals
with the heroic land reformers of
Rome, the great slave revolt, the
tribune of the people, the brilliant
leader of the aristocrats, and other
dramatic scenes in the history of
Rome. Price 50 cents.
GIVEN AS A PREMIUM
For one subscription to the Jeffer
sonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO
each, sent by another than the sub
scriber.
Your wife will want to read the
new Southern novel, “A Dark Cor
ner”, which begins in the August
number of Watson’s Magazine.
THE MUSICAL HIT OF THE
SEASON
THE CHAMPIONS
(March)
Composed by
MISS LOUISE DuBOSE
Athens, Ga.
Dedicated to the University of
Georgia 'OB Baseball Team.
Price Twenty-Five Cents
All lovers of catchy music will
find “The Champions” full of vim
and snap. It is now being played
by the leading orchestras and
bands throughout the United
States, Great Britain and France.
On sale at all leading music
stores. If your dealer cannot sup
ply, will be sent postpaid on re
ceipt of 25 cents.
MISS LOUISE DuBOSE,
Prince Avenue, Athens, Ga.