PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
OLD POPS, READ THIS.
Out in Texas, in the town of Abilene, is a
irue-hearted, industrious reformer, who is do
ing his level best to stimulate independent
though and action, and to revive the interest
which tens of thousands of good citizens once
felt in Jeffersonian democracy. He has been
doing this work at his own expense. Being a
poor man, this is. an imposition which we
ought not to allow. We owe it to ourselves to
help the man who is trying to help us.
The Jeffersonian strongly urges upon every
citizen who feels that in the campaign of 1908
every legitimate effort should be made to
bring out a full, independent vote, to send
Mr. H. L. Bentley, Abilene, Texas, a contri
bution to help him on in circulating literature,
conducting a national correspondence, and or
ganizing Jeffersonian clubs. If you can send
sl, send it —send it now. If you can spare
$5, send that. Thousands of you can send
$lO and never miss it. Do it, and reap the
reward of that good feeling which follows th«
performance of a good deed. If you can send
no more than 25 cents, send that amount.
The Jeffersonian can vouch for Mr. H. L.
Bentley, and for the fact that that money will
be honestly applied to the purpose herein in
dicated.
THE WAR KINGS OF THE FUTURE.
Curious how manv inventions are devoted to
the improvement of means to kill. Noiseless
riHes with smokeless powder will mow down ar
mies. A field gun capable of firing scores of
thousands of shots an hour will automatically
keep up its deadly hail. Torpedoes, invisibly
guided under water by wireless electric
waves, will search out and destroy the proud
est battleships, if not anticipated by the sen
tinel submarine, moving as secretly, but with
a greater range. It is only a question of time
until an airship is perfected which will have
at its mercy both land and floating fortresses
constructed with no thought of attack from
above.
In the battle records of the future the mon
uments and Halls of Fame will bear the
graven praise of the Edisons and Maxims
rather than the Alexanders or Napoleons. —-
New York American.
THE LENOX KNAPSACK.
A concern of standing, and a good one,
twenty-five years in the business —the Lenox
iSprayer Co., of 165 West 23rd street, New
York, makers of many kinds of spraying ap
paratus for the trade, and spraying material
which the San Jose scale do not like very
much —are offering the real Lenox Knapsack
Sprayer, particularly adapted for use on
small fruit, low trees, shrubbery, strawberry
beds, potatoes, tomatoes, cabbage field, the
poultry house, and upon the stock and in the
stable. An important fact about this sprayer
is, it does Hot require every few minutes to
stop to pump air—or to swear. It can really
be used by a lady, as the work is so easy and
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
so simplified; you fill up the apparatus, and it
is ready to work until empty. The regular
market value of the machine is about $5.
Even though a barrel pump is owned on the
place, a knapsack sprayer is handy many
times in a great many places. Even the un
willing working boy delights in using this
sprayer—the Lenox particularly so. The
company, owing to being a little over-stocked
—over-manufactured —offer them at a great
cut price, which makes the investment well
worth the while. Particularly at the present
sacrifice in price, even though the season is a
bit early, it is a good investment in order to
have it early next Reason. Anyone having but
few trees, a cow, and a chicken house should
have one of these sprayers on the place. See
their advertisement on another page of this
issue.
ANARCHISTS GETTING BUSY.
The anarchists are getting busy again. Ev
ery now and then these cowardly scoundrels
make a .spurt in their diabolical deeds.
Only a few days ago a priest, while at ser
vice in Denver, was cruelly assassinated by
an anarchist. A little later the Shah of Per
sia narrowly escaped death at the hands of
an anarchist. Then the president of Buenos
Ayres was the object of an attack from an an
archist.
Chicago at frequent periods furnishes a
field for activity of anarchists. Indeed, an
archists, have made Chicgo notorious in that
line. The latest open expression of this dia
bolical doctrine was in the shape of an attack
upon the chief of police of that city, which
fortunately resulted in the death of the wretch
who made it.
Every time one of these attacks is made by
an anarchist upon an official Emma Goldman,
the notorious anarchist lecturer, breaks into
print, and expresses her views on the situa
tion. The assassination of the late lamented
William McKinley was widely attributed, in
directly, to the influence of this woman. It
would seem to be a wise precautionary step in
the work of stamping out the loathsome doc
trine and practice in this country to devise
some way by which Emma Goldman can be de
ported and kept out of America.
These several attempts at assassination, all
in a few days, suggest the importance of tak
ing more rigid steps toward the suppression
of as villainous a band as ever organized
against civilization.
A number of intelligent men in this country
have advocated the enactment of a law which
will deport a man from America and keep him
forever away as soon as he proclaims himself
an anarchist, not waiting for him to make an
attempt upon some official’s life but taking
precaution against him upon the announce
ment of his adherence to the horrible doctrine.
It does seem that in a case of this kind,
the old adage, “An ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure,” finds application.
The anarchist stands for all that is vicious,
lawless, murderous, and a more or less dis
couraging feature in connection with the doc
trine is that it seems no nearer suppression
now than it was ten years ago. —Birmingham
News.
THE COUNTRY EDITORS HARD HIT BY
REFORM.
Between the lines of the following little
editorial from the Douglasville Sentinel may
be read a story of sad disappointment and a
consciousness of undeserved unjust treatment
which is pathetic, and makes one's heart
swell with sympathy for the good men who
believe themselves the victims of injustice
and ingratitude:
“The railroad commissioners of Georgia,
after cutting out the pass, passed a resolution
requiring the railroads to advertise their
schedules, but so worded the resolution as to
knock out the country editors and give all the
pie to the dailies. Thus the ones who made
it possible for the commissioners to hold office
are rewarded —got stung. In this section the
Southern railway refuses to advertise the ar
rival and departure of trains.”
The lot of the editor of a country weekly
is often a hard one. Subscribers are mostly
in arrears, and when they pay their subscrip
tion in cordwood or eggs it cancels their debt
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
125 SONGS FRFF
(WORDS and MUSIC) *
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME
SONGS, HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS,
ETC., FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 Instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide Witn
Me, National Hymn, Columbia the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody wants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including 100 points in music
course, FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a copy for sheet
music when you can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
T exas.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your rapport.
U D. M’GREGOR