PAGE FOURTEEN
It’s Your Record Which Is on
Trial, Congressman Bill How
ard. Slandering Watson and
the Populists Is a Ruse
that Won’t Work
(Continued from Page Eleven)
rageously insulted, the name of General Lee
hissed and hooted down, and both places on the
ticket given to the West —caused me to hope to
carry Georgia.
At the time my speech of acceptance was made,
my home State was with me. A grander politi
cal meeting has seldom been held than that which
opened, the campaign, at the Ponce de Leon
Springs.
But there had been no deal between me and
Joe Brown; and when Yancey Carter was duped,
by Hoke Smith, into running for Governor, some
of Brown’s managers became unnecessarily
frightened; and these kept nagging at Brown un
til he said, “Bryan’’.
That was the end of Hoke’s interest in Carter.
As a pawn, he had been played; and as a quid
that has been exhausted, he was thrown away. A
more thoroughly characteristic thing was never
done by the man who did it.
When Brown said, “Bryan”, my following of
Brown men disappeared; and my campaign came
to its rainy day fiasco.
Had I been able to carry Georgia, the result
would have electrified the nation. It would have
put the politicians on notice, that the South was
no longer a sure thing.
Sure things never count, in the calculations of
those who make slates and platforms. The un
certain quantities are the ones that receive the
profound attention of party leaders. As long as
the South is certain to go Democratic, as long as
she is obliged to vote for the Democratic ticket,
whether she wishes to do so or not, she will con
tinue to be the footmat on which other sections
wipe their feet.
This situation may suit the Bill Howards; but
it is a source of mortification to those who re
member how different was the South’s proud po
sition before the Civil War.
She wasn’t then the unloseable asset of either
political party. For her imperial favors, Whig
and Democrat had to contend. She wasn’t a slave:
she was the unhampered belle for whose free hand
the rival suitors paid their court.
It was my aspiration, my passionate desire to
do something toward the restoration of her ante
bellum glories. My efforts have been so obvious
ly unselfish, my purpose so often stated, that I
had supposed myself better understood.
Could not I have abandoned my principles, and
remained in Congress—as Livingston and others
did? Does any one doubt that, by returning to
the Democratic party, the Senatorship would have
been mine, two years ago? Could I not go back
to Congress from this District, right now, by sub
mitting my name to the Democratic primary?
Certainly, I could. No one knows it better than
the gentleman who now represents it.
All the rancor which Bill Howard attributes to
me is imaginary. lam so inexpressibly happy in
my literary and editorial work that all the ani
mosities of the old-time political strife are well
nigh forgotten. The healed wounds hurt no more.
Bill Howard conjures up Ephriam White,
Doyle, negro delegates, and color line speeches.
These will not serve you, Bill. The people can
censure me for everything which you resurrect,
without seeing that my record entitles you to an
other chance to save Cannonism from overthrow.
The people may be convinced that Watson is an
evil bird, without coming to the conclusion that
you ought to have another opportunity to win the
gratitude of the Republican administration as its
savior.
Away with your sophistry about the Rules,
Bill. Cannon understands those rules, doesn’t
he? Old Joe knows what your desertion was
worth, doesn’t he? Last November he told his
Kansas City audience that it would have been
impossible for the Republicans in Congress to
have redeemed the very first pledge in their na
tional platform had not twenty-three Democrats
come over and voted with him on the rules. He
said that if the Democrats had remained united,
they and the Insurgent Republicans would have
had control of the House.
What was that “very first” Republican pledge,
Bill? Wasn’t it to “revise the Tariff”? You
THE DAWN OF NEW ERA.
know it was. ,You are no spring chicken, Bill.
You knew what your vote would be worth to the
Republicans. So did Livingston. So did Brant
ley. So did Fitzgerald, of New York City.
I know you of old, Bill Howard. You are not a
man of impulse, and heavy footfall. You are a
man of cold, crafty calculation; and you go down
the corridor,) behind the scenes, by preference,
with the soft step of a cat.
Bill, if I were a betting man, I’d stake SIO,OOO
to SI,OOO on the proposition that, before you
committed that awful crime against your con
stituents, there was a perfect understanding you
were to be taken care of, if your constituents
treated you as you deserved. I have not a parti
cle of doubt on my mind that you and Livingston
and Brantleys are to have fat Federal jobs, if you
lose your seats in Congress. Edwards and Gor
don Lee were probably over-persuaded by you
older men, and seduced by promises of some oth
er kind.
But Livingston, the ranking Democrat on the
Appropriations Committee, was too old at this
game of politics not to know what his going over
to the Republicans meant. He had been promised
something good, you may be sure — and what do
you expect, Bill?
You are the ranking Democrat on the Foreign
Affairs Committee.
Hum! Hoots, toots! You went to school in
South America, I think you once told me; and
you were fond of that part of the world. How
would “Minister to Brazil” suit you, William?
Or to Chile, or Peru?
The votes of those twenty-three Demorcratic
deserters were so prodigiously valuable to the
corporations which grow dropsical with loot, un
der our abominable tariff laws, that you need not
doubt for a single instant, that each one of them
was bought. In some shape or other, each of
those Judases of the common people has got, or
will get, his silver.
MY SPECIFIC CRIMES.
(1) Desertion of Democratic Party.
Major Geo. T. Barnes, who had for several
terms been an acceptable Congressman to the
Tenth District, asked for another term. Like
Bill Howard, and many others at present, he said,
“I want it again”. He made his race on the reg
ular Democratic platform. Mine was made on
the Alliance platform, although I was not, and
never became, a member of the order. One of the
points made by me against Major Barnes was that
he had been in Congress several terms, and had
never done anything for the general relief of the
people. This point, I am now again making
against men who say that they want it again, but
who are proving that they deserve it by circu
lating an old newspaper clipping, of the vintage
of 1901. As it is costing the Government a large
sum of money, paid to the railroads for hauling
it all over the country, this circulation of that
ancient clipping seems to me quite indefensible.
Gentlemen who raise their own salaries $2,500 a
year, without notice to the people whose pockets
bear the increased expense, and who make the
grab without having the manhood to put their
names on record, as they vote themselves the
grab, might at least pay postage on their cam
paign literature.
The Alliance platform, to which I owed my
election, pledged me to certain principles. The
Indianapolis Convention of the Farmers’ Alliance
of 1891, (after my election) instructed every
Congressman whom Alliance votes had elected,
to adhere to the principles, regardless of the cau
cus of either the Democratic or Republican party.
To get the sense of my District on this ques
tion, I went all over it, explaining the matter,
and asking the men who had elected me what I
must do. Should I stand by the Democratic party,
or by the Alliance principles?
In vast assemblages, I put the question to a
vote. With uplifted hands and enthusiastic
shouts, the people thundered back, “STAND BY
THE PRINCIPLES’.”
Therefore, when I went to Washington, I did
not enter the Democratic caucus. To have done
so would have tied my hands. That winter, the
People’s Party was launched at St. Louis. It
adopted the Alliance principles, and I went with
it. Nine counties out of eleven in my District, in
dorsed my course in the election which followed.
THEY WOULD DO IT AGAIN TODAY.
And I’ll tell you another thing, Bill Howard.
The Democrats who were frenzied by the cry of
“Traitor! Traitor!” raised by the city politicians
in 1892; and who now realize what a wrong was
inflicted upon me, and who see that all the fine
things which were promised by the Democratic
leaders have brought the country to its present
terrible condition —the Democrats themselves de
plore the fact that, during all these years they
have not had the benefit of the devoted service
which I gave the common people in the one term
that was allowed me.
(2) That I destroyed! the Farmers’ Alliance.
Every organization or society or party or
church, is broken up from within. Outsiders can
not do it. Having never joined the Alliance, it
was never in my power to rupture it. That was
done on the inside. Livingston and Macune
formed a wheel within a wheel to control their
order. Gideon’s Band, was its name. Livingston
was head of it. A member who came to hate
both Livingston and Macune gave me a copy of
the ritual. The oath which the mmebers took
was, word for word, the Indianapolis instruction
which I carried out.
I took no oath, but obeyed, as a matter of
fidelity to campaign pledges. Livingston was sol
emnly sworn to obey, and violated the oath.
The results are, that Livingston has held his
office for twenty years, while I am defending my
self from charges which imply that I am the vilest
man living;
What killed the Alliance? The suspicions con
cerning Gideon’s Band; the failure of the Ex
changes—the Georgia Exchange alone losing the
farmers $80,000; some suspicious dealings be
tween Livingston and certain corporation agents;
and the sell-out of Macune and Livingston to Pat
Calhoun. So far as Georgia was concerned, the
Alliance never kicked, after that.
(3) That I jugulated Harvie Jordan’s South
ern Cotton Association.
At the instance of Green county and McDuffie,
I went to New Orleans, in 1905, when cotton
was 6 cents, and was headed for a lower level.
Tendered my services to Jordan and Pope Brown
to help whip General Catchings, and others, who
wanted to be President of the Convention. Har
vie worked the rabbit foot on the situation, and
did not need me at all. In the Convention, Har
vie manipulating deftly, the men in control were
giving me unnecessarily big hunks of cold shoul
der. Not being ravenously fond of the diet, and
being rather overdosed on the typewritten speech
es of bankers and brokers, I went to the matinee,
to hear Tannhauser. While there, a tall biped
invaded the scene and called lustily for “Tom
Watson”. I pretended not to hear. But some
one pointed me out, and the lengthy intruder asked
me outside. He had been sent to invite me to
address the Convention that night. The general
mass of the farmers there had noticed how I was
being treated, and resented it. Hence the invi
tation.
That night, I spoke thirty-five minutes to the
Convention. Next morning the Georgia delega
tion demanded that I be put on the Executive
Commtitee. It had to be done. But after most
of us had come home, Harvie was asked, by a
man who stood next to one of the biggest cotton
gamblers in America:
“How came that fellow Watson to get on the
Executive Committee?” Harvie replied:
“Oh, it was one of those things that could not
be foreseen or prevented; but I’ll get him off pret
ty soon after I get back to Georgia.”
A Louisiana friend of mine wrote me of this,
and warned me to watch out. Sure enough, there
began to appear in the papers, from time to time,
letters urging me to resign. The point made was
that people would say that I meant to take the
Cotton Association into politics, and that would
injure the Association.
The thing got to be embarrassing. My resig
nation was tendered to Harvie, and he straight
way accepted the same. There is no doubt that
he inspired the letters. Had Ino reason to lose
confidence in him? When he and Joe Hoadley,
who was leading a bear raid, got so chummy in
New York and elsewhere, were there no grounds
for suspicion?
Harvie like Livingston, killed his noble organ
ization from the inside. And the men and wom
en who put somewhere between $90,000 and
$200,000 into the stock of Harvie Cotton Journal
would probably like to know how he and Richard
Cheatham spent that amount of money, in four
years, publishing a weekly paper.
I loaned the wreck (from which the nimble
Harvie had jumped just a few days before,) the
sum of $7,000 last May; and I have had to pay
off balances due on the plant to the extent of sev
eral thousands of dollars, and there are other de
mands outstanding.
Never have I seen such management as that