Gore, of Oklahoma, gave the report which
the New England manufacturers make to the
States in which they are located, and these
figures disclose tremendous profits,—some as
high as 60 per cent.
In September, 1907, we applied to a gentle
man in Augusta, Ga., who was so situated
that he could secure us the actual data from
inside sources. For obvious reasons we can
not “give him away”, but we quote his letter:
“The nearest information that I can get from an in
telligent source is that a 500-pound bale of cotton will
make about 3,000 yards of calico. At the present price
of cotton, it will cost, including what is paid for the
raw cotton, $102.50 to manufacture the bale into cloth.
In the case of domestic or export goods, I learn that
cotton bought at 11 1-2 cents made into cloth increases
the cost to about $17.72, though it sells for about 20
cents, which shows a profit of 2 1-4 cents per pound,
which, at three yards to the pound, is about three
fourths of a cent per yard profit.”
These domestic, or export, goods are heavy.
The spinner makes less profit on them than
on calico. But he clears three-fourths of a
cent on 1,500 yards (3 yards to the pound of
raw cotton), and therefore nets $11.25 on
each bale of raw cotton. Even this is more
than the grower clears, and is a large per cent,
on the capital invested in the mill.
But when you come to calico, the spinner
enjoys a pic-nic. Glance again at the ex
tract from the letter, and you will see that
the Augusta manufacturer buys the bale
of cotton and manufactures it into 3,000
yards of calico, at a cost of very little more
than SIOO. lor the 3,000 yards of calico you
pay at the stores anywhere from $l5O to $2lO.
Just how much the wholesale merchant gives
the factory for it, we are unable to say, but
> allowing for a very wide difference between
f wholesale and retail figures, it is apparent
that the manufacturer clears a profit, on the
f bale, at least equal to the whole amount that
| the grower receives for the raw staple.
If the farmer made $lO per bale net profit.
I after deducting expenses of every kind, he
| w °uld, perhaps, be doing as well as average
I farmers have ever done. Sometimes, they
A make nothing at all.
| It seems a queer condition of affairs when
| the President goes around backing up, with
I all the power of his official and personal in
fluence, a condition of things which allows
he man who spins the cotton to reap prac
tically all the profit out of it.
P. S.—Speculation is booming the price at
present, but you will see the price of calico
and other cotton fabrics advance, also.
What Kind of Man is Dr. Corey ?
You have already made up your mind
about Dr. Paul Wakefield. He went to Craw
fordsville, Indiana, last June, to lecture on
Foreign Missions. Carried pictures to illus
trate his address. Went under the auspices
of the “Board”. (By the way,—what passage
of Scripture authorizes these expensive and
tyrannical “Boards” ?)
Dr. Paul Wakefield is a young man. Con
sequently, he has the usual amount of youth
ful vanity. Therefore, he sent for the report
er of one of the daily papers of Crawfords
ville (Mr. Charles Bowers, of the Journal},
and loaded him up with the lecture, in ad
vance of its delivery. The reporter declares
that he not only did not exaggerate what
Wakefield told him, but that he had to omit
some things, because they were “to obscene to
print”.
This reporter got the gist of the lecture,
previous to the lecture, from Wakefield him
self, at his lodgings. The other Crawfords
ville paper, the Review, did not obtain its re
port of the lecture until after Wakefield had
delivered it. The wife of the minister of the
Christian Church talked over the telephone to
Mr. Clifford Peterson, reporter of the Re
view, and gave him the main points of the
lecture. Wakefield had delivered it in that
Church, and the lady, Mrs. Mansell, had
heard it.
Tsl)<t Heffersonlan
Mr. Charles Bowers had no motive to mis
represent the young missionary. Neither had
Mrs. Mansell. Mr. Bowers could not possibly
have misunderstood Dr. Wakefield. Neither
could Mrs. Mansell.
Yet, the two different papers, deriving
their information from these two different
sources, published substantially the same re
port.
And after these two papers came out, with
great big “scare” headlines, in which the most
sensational statements made in the lecture
were indicated, nobody “kicked” on the re
ports.
Dr. Wakefield did not complain to Bowers.
Mrs. Mansell did not complain to Peterson.
Nor did any member of the audience, which
heard what Wakefield said, make any com
plaint.
Does not such an array of facts and circum
stances convince your intelligence, that Wake
field was correctly reported? Certainly.
There can be no other explanation of the
identity of the two different reports.
But Dr. John N. Taylor clipped the “story”
from the Crawfordsville Journal, and sent it
to The Jeffersonian. That report, vigor
ously used in these columns, became a thorn
in the side of the Rev. Dr. Stephen J. Corey,
a member of the “Board”. Dr.‘ Wakefield is
a worker under the “Board”. So, when Dr.
Corey came down to Dublin, Ga., to collect
shekels from the dupes, he discovered that
the brethren had been mightily disturbed by
“what we missionaries concealed”.
Dr. Corey wrote me a tart little note.
(Most of these “Board” magnates, as well as
their editorial champions, seem to know little
of the amenities, urbanities and courtesies.
They won’t treat me with common civility,
although I’d be satisfied with the commonest
kind.) In the note Dr. Corey stated that I
would soon receive, from Wakefield, a denial
about his lecture. Yes. I soon received it.
In this denial, Dr. Wakefield not only, in
effect, accused the reporter, and the preach
er's wife, of deliberate falsehood, but he vir
tually charged them with REVERSING
WHAT HE SAID.
When you recall the nature of the admis
sions he was said to have made, you know
that it was utterly impossible for any person
of ordinary intelligence to have misunder
stood him. Therefore, if Mr. Bowers and
Mrs. Mansell gave out false reports, they wil
fully slandered this younq missionary. AND
YOU KNOW THAT THEY DID NOT
DO IT.
Dr. Wakefield’s conduct excites your pity.
But what about Dr. Corey?
The Missionary Intelligencer is the name of
one of the scores of periodicals established
and maintained for the purpose of stimu
lating contributions to Foreign Missions and
making more dupes.
It is published at Cincinnati, Ohio, by the
Foreign Missionary Society. The name of
the editor does not appear. But among the
articles flatteringly called “Editorial”, is one
which is identical, as far as it goes, with that
which was published in the Dublin (Ga.)
Courier-Dispatch, over the signature of the
Rev. Dr. Stephen J. Corey. Therefore, I as
sume that Dr. Corey wrote the editorial in
The Missionary Intelligencer.
He tells the readers of that magazine that I
am publishing in The Jeffersonian “charges
that have been disproved many times”.
Is that true? You know that it isn’t. You
know that every “charge” which has appeared
in The Jeffersonian is based on facts taken
from Conference Reports, Association Re
ports, letters from missionaries, pamphlets is
sued by missionaries, books published by mis
sionaries, and reports of missionary talks.
Not a single material fact published in the
Jeffersonians has ever been “disproved”.
Dr. Corey tells the readers of The Mission
ary Intelligencer that I have refused to pub
lish an article by A. McLean, President of the
“Board”, in which he refuted me point by
point; and that The Jeffersonian gives
“one side only”.
Is this true? You know that it isn’t. You
have seen numbers of “other side” letters, in
the weekly Jeffersonian; and you know
that I invariably state the other man’s posi
tion fairly, before trying to answer him.
Dr. McLean sent me a long, dull manu
script, containing the hackneyed “arguments”
in favor of Foreign Missions, and I gave
preference to the article of Miss Janet Hay
Houston. While she is not the President of
the “Board”, her article seemed to me fresher
and stronger than the prosy, commonplace
stereotype offered by McLean.
If the McLean article upsets all that I have
said, why don't THEY publish it? If they
will send it back to me, it will be published
immediately, in order that you may see for
yourself whether it refutes me “point by
point”.
Dr. Corey tells the readers of The Mission
ary Intelligencer that Dr. Paul Wakefield
“said the exact opposite” of “the things at
tributed to him. No one but a fool would say
what he is charged with saying.” Such lan
guage as that is intemperate and unbecoming.
Some of these missionary fanatics show a
wonderful lack of gentle breeding and good
manners. (Dr. August Bach, a Chinese mis
sionary of twelve years’ experience, has made
and published a statement similar to Wake
field’s. )
How can Dr. Corey be so sure about what
another man said, at another place,—he not
being present?
Has he taken pains to write to anybody at
Crawfordsville? Has he telegraphed to eith
er of the papers there? Has he inquired of
the Rev. Mr. Mansell, or of Mrs. Mansell?
When the question of veracity was sprung,
I at once felt it to be a duty that I owed to
my readers to write to Crawfordsville for
evidence. In that way, I got it.
What did Dr. Corey do? He contented
himself with coercing this poor creature,
Wakefield. Having done that, he supercil
iously demands that the case be closed.
You are asked to give a verdict in favor of
the missionaries, on the unsupported denial
of Paul Wakefield. You are asked to find
that Mr. Charles Bowers is a flagitious liar;
that the minister’s wife lied outrageously on
her Church’s guest; that no friend of Wake
field and no friend of the “cause”, felt suffi
cient interest in the truth to correct the false
reports in the papers; and that Wakefield
himself, after having gone to the trouble to
send for the reporter, did not care enough
about the matter to even glance at those big
headlines.
Have they ever demanded of those Craw
fordsville papers a correction of those re
ports?
No. And they will not. Have they ever
requested Mr. Bowers and Mrs. Mansell to
sign a statement to the effect that they might
have misunderstood Dr. Wakefield? No. They
dare not.
Such clerics as these are so accustomed to
having their own way, and expecting every
thing they say to be accepted as the truth,
that they don’t realize the necessity for evi
dence, —even in a case like Wakefield’s.
To show what haughty contempt Dr. Corey
has for accuracy, I will quote the last line
of his editorial:
“No friend of missions need lose sleep over the stale
charges in The Jeffersonian.”
What is the meaning of “stale”?
The word is properly applied to things that
are old, common, exhausted from age,—
things that are not new, that have been kept
on hand a long while, that are tasteless from '
age, and so on.
Now when Dr. Corey seeks to- quiet the sus
picions and growing dissatisfaction of his
dupes, by telling them that what The Jef
fersonian has been publishing about Foreign
Missions is “stale”, you can see for yourself
what manner of man HE is.
PAGE THIRTEEN