stead of bolting the convention, and calling all
the radicals to his banner—thus becoming the
idolized and invincible chief of Jeffersonian
Democracy —Brvan crossed over to the Hamil
tonians, and after a few weeks of sulking be
gan his round of speeches, working for a gold
standard man whom he had sworn he would
never support. At that time he pleaded party
regularity, declared that his submission was
only temporary, and that after the Parker cam
paign should be over he would immediately
reorganize the Democratic party along Jeffer
sonian lines. That promise he never kept. He
is now more of a Hamiltonian than Judge
Parker, and is being financed on his way to the
White House by the Standard Oil Company
and the Tobacco Trust —to say nothing of the
Whiskey trust and of that band of political
Hessians, Tammany Hall.
In 1904, when 1 accepted the nomination ten
dered me by the Springfield Convention, my
friends asked, very naturally, whether I was
beginning the fight again with the intention
of keeping it up. They felt that unless my
course was something more than a temporary
impulse, it was not worth while to take an
active part in the campaign. To satisfy them
on that score, I assured them that my purpose
was earnest and that the work would be kept
up. They were assured that everything in my
power would be done to revive the old People’s
Party movement and to continue the educa
tional propaganda until the Jeffersonians
would have a working organization throughout
the country.
In line with this promise, the Watson maga
zine of New York was founded. Without sal
ary I worked on that magazine until the Com
pany which had inveigled me into the contract
owed me $9,000. Determined that if I had to
work for nothing I would be master of my
own periodical, I quit the New York magazine
and established the Weekly Jeffersonian. Soon
afterwards, the Jeffersonian Magazine was al
so established. These periodicals have been
doing their work for nearly two years. They
go to every State in the Union. I feel that
they have done a good work. I feel that they
contribute something towards the making of
good citizens. Their purpose has been an
earnest one, and thousands of young men
throughout the land have had the benefit of the
high standard of citizenship and right living,
consecration to duty, which the Jeffersonians
have advocated.
In this campaign, there was every reason to
expect that Populism would show enormous
gains. It has been a disappointment that our
National Committee has not been able to be
more effective. For reasons which we do not
thoroughly understand, tickets have not been
placed in some of those states where we had
every right to expect a good vote. Had it
not been for the activity of our local managers,
there would have been no tickets put out in
Mississippi, Texas, Florida or Alabama. lam
not blaming the National Committee; I am
simply stating a fact.
To encourage my friends throughout the
Union, I wish to say that I am going to con
tinue this work if I have to do it single-handed.
I don’t intend that Jefferson Democracy shall
be absorbed by Bryan, or ladled into the Hearst
Copyrighted League. 1 am going to do the
very best I can in this campaign, and I am ask
ing that my friends throughout the South and
West co-operate with us directly as fully as
they can. Let nobody wait on anybody else;
let each man who thinks that our cause is just
do his full duty.
After the election is over, no matter what
the result is, I expect to call a conference for
the purpose of effecting an organization which
will continuously work during the next four
years with a view to controlling results in
1912. I am tired of sitting back and waiting
for the North and East to do something for us.
This Jeffersonian movement is mainly a move
ment of the South and West, against the capi
talism of the East and North. With stich a
Jeffersonian
man as Judge Sam Williams to take charge of
the Western contingent, I feel sure that we
can select some Southern men who are equally
courageous and resolute, and I am sure that
during the next four years the West and the
South can be so thoroughly organized and
united that they can hold the balance of power
in the next presidential election.
It has been the dream of my life to effect a
political union of these two great agricultural
sections —the West and the South. As no one
else will take the initiative in the matter, I will
do it myself. There is no reason why the
headquarters of the Populist movement should
be in Albany, New York. We made a mistake
in that, and I take my full share of the blame.
1 he headquarters should have been established
in Atlanta, and in St. Louis.
With such a man as Judge Sam Williams
to act as our leader in the West, and with the
aid of those unflinching Populists who can be
found in every Southern and Western State,
I feel it in my bones that we can do great
things, if we take hold of it in time and work,
in the right way, to a definite aim.
Now, friends, each of you who reads this
must get to work and see that there are tickets
at your polling places. Do what you can to
roust out every voter who at heart believes we
are right. Get in touch with me, or with Judge
Sam Williams, or with Paul Dixon, of Chilli
cothe, Missouri, or with Mr. F. Forrester, of
St. Louis, Missouri, or with Chairman J. J.
Holloway, of Clem. Georgia. Let us get to
gether, stand together, and work together TO
THE END THAT JEFFERSONIAN DEM
OCRACY SHALL NEITHER LOSE ITS
IDENTITY IN BRYANISM, BE TRAMP
LED OUT BY TAFTISM, LED ASTRAY
INTO SOCIALISM, OR BE GOBBLED UP
IN THE PERSONAL SELFISHNESS OF
HEARSTISM.
*
The Methods of Hearst.
The Jeffersonian has more than once taken
occasion to emphasize the fact that the Inde
pendence League is nothing but Hearst. When
it talks, it is the voice of Hearst; when it is
silent, it is the silence of Hearst; when it
meets in Convention, it is the assembling of
Hearst; when expenses are paid, it is the check
of Hearst.
How pitiful has been the position of Hisgen
and Graves during the last two weeks. Mr.
Hearst had a bundle of letters which have
proven to be the best explosives of the cam
paign. The noise was prodigious, the execution
considerable, the sensation immense, and the
man who sprung it loomed largely on the ho
rizon. But where were Hisgen and Graves?
Why did not Mr. Hearst divide those letters
impartiallv between his Presidential candi
dates? Why did he not allow Hisgen and
Graves to spring the mine? Why did he not
let one or the other of these. Presidential
candidates throw the bomb? In that event,
the Independence League would have reaped
the benefit. If the sensation had been sprung
by Hisgen and Graves, those two gentlemen
would have been the cynosure of all eyes.
Instead of Hearst, they would have monopol
ized the lime light. But. on the contrary, Mr.
Hearst has acted as if he did not care to add
anything to the importance of either Hisgen or
Graves. He was so greedy for attention and
advertisement himself that he has not allowed
Hisgen and Graves to come within the outer
circle of the radiance.
Mr. Roosevelt, bv an impulsive butting into
the campaign, made matters temporarilv em
barrassing to Mr. Taft and threatened to ob
scure that easy-going luminary with a total
eclipse; but Roosevelt, after firing off a round
or two, has gone back into Presidential dignity
once more, whereas Mr. Hearst persists in oc
cupying all the stage room of the Independence
League. ''
So much so indeed, that people seem to have
forgotten that he went through the form ofl
putting two of his men into the Presidential
race.
*
Pot and Kettle.
The scrap between Roosevelt and Bryan ac
complished one good thing. It proved beyond
the slightest doubt that in blackness there is
not a shade of difference between the Demo
cratic pot and the Republican kettle. Bryan
made it perfectly clear as against Roosevelt
that the favor-seeking corporations have
bought what they wanted from the Republican
party. With equal clearness. Mr. Roosevelt
proved that the Democratic party is just as
ready to sell itself to favor-seeking combina
tions of capital. The man who can doubt
that the Republican campaign funds have al
ways come from those corporations that de
sire special privilege, the benefit of monopoly,
and the use of governmental power to increase
their individual fortunes, could not be con
vinced that the sun rises and sets. The man
who can not doubt that Bryan has come to an
understanding with the Standard Oil Company,
just as Cleveland in 1892 came to an under
standing with the Sugar Trust, could not be
convinced that the earth moves.
Whatever Bryan might have been in the
90’s, there is no doubt whatever as to what he
is now. In those days Bryan was young, cap
able of enthusiasm, capable of consecration to
an ideal. In those days, Brvanism may have
been patriotism; it may have been a passionate
desire for making the condition of the Ameri
can people better than it was, but the Bryan
ism of today is a horse of another color. The
Bryanism of today is an intense personal am
bition. If he had been a martyr to principle
and devotee to ideals, he would have stood by
his principles, adhered to his ideals, although
his line of conduct led him along the rocky
path and kept him in the company of the faith
ful few. The fact that he lias been willing to
repudiate every distinctive principle for which
he once battled reveals him as a commonplace
opportunist who is willing to trim his sails to
every change of popular feeling, and to subordi
nate his life creed to his thirst for office.
It is a melancholy thing to see a man of Mr.
Bryan’s type publicly apostatize in order to
carry his point. It is even more melancholy
to realize that there are millions of Bryanites
who are so wrapped up in him personallv that
they will not see that the Bryan of today is
not the Brvan who won their love.
r.
A Campaign of Hypocrisy.
The Jeffersonian is dead against Mr. Taft
and his policies. The Republican ticket stands
for all the evils of our present class-law sys
tem. Judge 'raft is the champion of those
who are for special privilege, monopoly and
plutocracy. Against them the Jeffersonian will
wage eternal warfare.
But as to Bryan, there is not only every bad
feature presented by Taftism, but there is the
added feature of colossal hypocrisy.
Mr. Bryan pretends to be a good friend of
the Southern people, yet he had no regrets to
express when his convention insulted the Geor
gia delegation, insulted the whole South, by
playing and singing. “Marching Through
Georgia,” and by hissing and hooting the name
of General Robert E. Lee. He knows that the
negro leaders have broadcasted the whole
country with the circular letter in which they
declare that they have been in communication
with him for weeks, and that he has made them
promises which are satisfactory to them; and
yet Mr. Bryan has put forth no condemnation
of this circular letter.
He is claiming and expecting the support of
the Prohibition Democrats of the South, yet
he is in copartnership with the saloon people
and is doing his best to bring victory to the
whiskey interests of Indiana, Ohio and Maine.
I So very strong was the combination between
Bryan and John Barleycorn that the dry State
(Continued on Page TwelvG.)
PAGE NINE