ROOFING
TO CONSUMERS AT WHOLESALE
PRICES
We Sell Direct to Consumers at Whole
sale Prices.
Note these prices:
1- Rubber $1.40
2- Rubber $1.75
3- Rubber $2.10
1- Sanded Asphalt $1.50
2- Sanded Asphalt. $1.85
3- Sanded Asphalt $2.25
Pure Asphalt Paint. . . .40c per Gallon
Coal Tar Paint 25c per Gallon
f. o. b. Atlanta, Ga.
Send us your orders; we will save you
money.
SOUTHERN STATES ASPHALT ROOFING CO.
23 S. Forsyth St., Atlanta, Ga.
THE
Georgia Home Insurance
COMPANY OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859, Nearly
a Half Century Old
Total Assets - . . over Ono Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Part Since Organization - Over Five Million Dolhu
~RED SEAL SHOES
Made jjEEfck Mitt ions
in the JOSS Wear
South Them
If your dealer doesn’t handle them, write us.
Gainesville Nurseries
Gainesville, Florida
Budded and Grafted Peoan Trees of
standard varieties; Satsuma Oranges on
Citrus Trlfoliata stock, Frv.it and Or
namental Trees, Plants and Shrubs,
Field-grown Roses, Palm*. Ferns, etc.
Send for our Catalog.
W. S. Graves, Proprietor, Gainesville, Florida
BLOODLESS METHOD OF TREATING CANCER
We make a specialty of treating and
curing external Cancer. Have you one,
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE, NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 96, Quit man, Ga.
HITE’S EARLY PROLIFIC COTTONSEED
The most prolific Cotton in existence.
Out of 20 varieties tested at Georgia
Experiment Station, 1908, Hite’s Pro
lific gave the highest percentage lint.
All seed offered are from cotton which
averaged more than 2 bales per acre
on my entire crop. Get some of these
fine seed and make money farming,
12.00 per bu., 3 bu. $5.00, 10 bu. $16.00.
Write for description and testimonials.
W. T. HITE, R. F. D. No. 4, Augusta, Ga.
FRUIT, SHADE and ORNAMENTAL
TREES, PLANTS, ETC.
The Cureton Nurseries, Austell,
Ga., are growing the best Trees,
Plants, etc., that Southern soil can
produce, and have learned from ex
perience that June budded Peach
trees are the best for all purposes.
One and two-year Apple, Pear and
other trees are the best to plant.
Don’t plant overgrown trees of any
kind. Use young, healthy stock.
Many failures are due to planting
stock that is too old and large. If
you have never tried our Trees and
Plants send us a trial order. We
have Lady Thompson and Klondyke
Strawberry Plants at $3.50 per
1,000; Long Island Cabbage Plants
at $1.50 per 1,000. Special discount
- on large quantities of Plants, espe
cially to farmers who wish to im
prove their homes. Write to
JAMES CURETON, Propt.,
Austell, Cobb County, Ga.
POSITIONS ALWAYS OPEN
In the business world for those edu
cated at the Southern Shorthand and
Business University, which has been
established 44 years and has over
15,000 graduates in responsible and lu
crative positions. We teach Shorthand,
Bookkeeping, Typewriting, Telegraphy
and Civil Service. Our systems are all
the most up-to-date and we have never
heard of a dissatisfied graduate. Write
for descriptive catalog at once. A. C.
Brlncoe, President; L. W. Arnold, Vice-
President, Atlanta. Ga.
If You Are
Anti-Catholic
Subscribe Now to
The American Whip
50 Cents a Year
LANCASTER, PA,
Comets As Messengers of Woe
HEN the cablegram was re
ceived in last September, at
Harvard Observatory, from
Heidburg, that Prof. Max
Wolf had photographed the famous
Halley’s comet, there was no such
consternation as in 1682, when Dr.
Halley first saw it.
It is nearing the earth, and will be
near enough on May 19, 1910, for the
earth to pass through its tail, but the
head of the comet will be 13,000,000
miles away. It is now in the north
eastern sky, in the neighborhood of
the brilliant constellation of Orion.
In the spring it can be seen both
morning and evening.
But up to the nineteenth century,
comets were regarded as evil omens.
Theologians argued that comets could
not be the creation of God, because
they are not mentioned in the crea
tion story in Genesis. They also
held the view that as comets were
within the moon’s orbit they apper
tained to the earth, and were there
fore evil and transitory. All planets
and stars beyond the moon were
permanent and pure. When Tycho
Bruhe and Kepler in the sixteenth
century, found that comets moved
regularly in obedience to law, and
moreover were beyond the moon’s
orbit, the theologians, in pulpit and
university, dismised their knowledge
by saying that “it was a scientific
meddling with the designs of Provi
dence.”
The beliefs would be amusing
were it not that it meant death, pun
ishment, or ostracism to those who
differed from the theological view of
the time.
A Lutheran bishop, in the six
teenth century, said that the comet
was a vapor made from the thick
smoke of human sins rising every
day and hour full of horrid odors be
fore the face of God, and becoming
so thick as to form a comet with
curled and plaited tresses, which are
kindled at last by the fiery anger of
the Supreme Heavenly Judge. It
only becomes visible to mortal eyes
through the tears and prayers of
Christ, thus warning the inhabitants
of earth of their punishment.
But a Hungarian divine published
a letter saying that if comets were
caused by the sins of mortals, they
never would be absent from the sky.
Neither did a comet bring pestilence,
said a doctor of Heidelburg, because
burning purified the air.
The early church believed that
comets were balls of fire flung by the
hand of God to warn bad people. It
was transmitted through the Middle
Ages to the Reformation, and held
precious by them because they found
Bible texts which appeared to them
as proofs. Luther said that comets
were the “works of the Devil;” he
also said the reverse, “God created
not a comet that does not foretell
calamity.”
In Protestant Holland the profes
sors thought they were messengers
sent by the Deity to call men to re
pentance. In Catholic Spain, Torre
bianco, versed in occult science, in
the seventeenth century, said comets
could not be stars, as they portend
good.
From the universities, the highly
educated classes were taught to be
lieve this, and to refrain from listen-
’Jeffersonian.
ing to or reading the contrary. From
the pulpit the people at large were
taught this also. When the church
men disagreed among themselves the
problem was solved by recourse to
Revelation.
Increase Mather said that the
comet of 1683 foretold the death of
two governors of the colonies.
Twenty years later his orthodox son
cautioned the people against being
terrified by the signs in the heavens.
After the Reformation scepticism
increased, and the theologians still
fought against it.
As early as the twelxth century,
Thomas Aquinas said that “Nothing
was made by God after the six days
creation absolutely new, but,” he
added, veiling his evolutionary idea,
“in this work existed new species in
certain properties.” Later St. Augus
tine wrote that “after the first crea
tive energy had called forth land and
water, light” (perhaps he foretold
the uses of electricity) “was made by
the Almighty as the instrument of all
future creations.” For this state
ment, Sanez in the seventeenth cen
tury, called St. Augustine a heretic.
Even to the beginning of the
eighteenth century, an oath was re
quired of professors of astronomy in
Europe, not to teach that comets were
heavenly bodies obedient to law, but
the theological story must be taught
as sacred science and sound learning.
Even in this twentieth century the
professors tell the students to skip
those portions of their scientific text
book which teach truths contrary to
their theological belief.
The ancients were thousands of
years ahead in their real knowledge
of astronomy of medieval Europe,
and even later. The Chaldeans had
no fear of comets, and the followers
of Pythagoras believed that they re
turn at fixed periods. Seneca
prophesied that they moved accord
ing to natural law, and now with the
naked eye Halley’s comet can be
seen after a period of seventy-four
years. In 1835, 1680, 1607, 1531,
it was seen, and can be traced back
for over two thousand years.
Newton, in 1686, had taken His
data from the comet of 1680, and
found that it was controlled by the
same principles that guide planets
in their orbits.
WILL DENHAM.
When writing advertisers mention
The Jeffersonian.
S4O GUARANTEED THREE YEARS
HfeV 30 DAYS DRIVING TEST
' - JWSbs./.t*? J / A*l * A guarantee as good as a Gold Bond; a trial as liberal as
' . / 'i. any one could ask for. and saving of from <2O to
®4O. We defy any reputable concern In the U. S. to duplicate our
are ’l’ e strongest and most liberal ever made, and are positively
/'TVyiW.# binding; and our vehicles must prove them In actual service
I KJfl \ y XZ t'-fO>7 I\ j? before we’ll expect you to be satisfied. We do not compete with
u. people who have no reputation to lose, or who misrepresent their
RETAILS REGIXARLY FOR $65.00 vehicles.
Send To-Day For Our Big New Free Catalog, No. 105
-Tt describes, pictures and prices upwards of two hundred modern styles of the highest grade Runabouts,
* Speeders, Buckboards, Top Buggies, Stanhopes, Phaetons, r -
Surreys, Spring, Farm and Mail Wagons,Road Carts and Bar- ItfAl GIRV &■
ness at actual factory prices. We sell DIRECT and saVe yoB WlrMaijMl, ijllli r U
the dealer’s profits. Don’t delay. Write today. SAVE while you pay. Dept. F 11 South Forayth Street, Atlanta, Georgia.
80 CENTS FOR 20 NAMES
Send me 20 cents and names and postoffices of 20 farmers and I'll
send you for two years the Illinois Farmer, big semi-monthly (big
Women’s, Fashions and Children’s departments). Regular subscrip
tion price 50 cents a year.
JOHN M. STAHL, PUBLISHER, 1 J. P. Sta., Chicago, Ills.
Dear Sister
II If You Are 11l and Suffering, Let This
Woman Help You. She Has it in
Her Power to Relieve You if You Will B
Only Write to Her and Tell Her in
Confidence of Your Ills and Pains.
A Woman’s Love I
and Sympathy for Her Own Sex Leads Her to B
Devote Her Life to Relieve Their Buttering.
A Woman—a Mother—a Doctor— I
a Woman Doctor for Women — ■
Wants to Bring Health to Every Woman — B
Gladness to Every Home.
1“ her 22 years of |
, prutice as a doctor, |
treating as a special- ■
;woman ‘ 8 diseases, B
Bbe has learned to B
treat their many ills B
J with remarkable sue- B
f cess and knows how B
•TBs®®®:' 1 to sympathize with |
and t 0 help them.
‘‘ *5 This woman this B
mother—is Dr. Luella B
McKinley Derbyshire |
■ perhaps the most ■
widely known woman |
physician in the B
’A world—she offers to |
fi lU»Se»«\ vfa’t you, sick and suffer- |
* ln K Bis ter, her pro- |
VXWk' , \*\\ fessional advice and I
A Treatment IPO IP IP t I
On Trial £ I
The doctor does not claim that this trial treat- ■
meat Is going to cure any case; her ideals to have B
you understand the system under which she treats B
I woman’s Ills and to have you write her and give B
her a full idea of your case. Then she will advise B
you free of charge as to the nature and charac- |
ter of your trouble. The doctor’s treatment is dlf- ■
ferent from others, and is superior tor its action I
in reaching the troubled parts with a gentle heal- B
ing effect as only Nature’s remedy can do.
Women Understand Women I
A woman’s ailment can never be known by a B
man physician as it is understood and known by |
one who is both mother and doctor. The doctor’s B
treatment a d medical advice is free to the fullest B
possible extent of a thorough and effective test B
The sample treatment is sent prepaid in plain |
wrapper with every instruction, help and advice |
for its use. Just sit down today and write the k
doctor about yourself; that isall. Yourconfidence |
will be respected forever. Ti ll t e doctor all ■
about yourself and she will advise you, free of B
charge, how to gain good health. Address your B
letter and request for free treatment and ad vice to B
DR. LVELLA DERBYSHIRE.
WATSON 72 lbs.
Tom Watson is the name of a won
derful Melon introduced by me at
Thomson, Ga., eight years ago. It
combines all the good qualities of the
best varieties. Large, sweet, splen
did flavor, best shipper, quick seller. •
Get seed direct from the grower,
% lb. 40c; % lb. 75c; 1 lb. $1.25;
5 lbs. $6.00. Prepaid to any address.
Wm. A. WATSON
Thomson, - Georgia
PAGE NINETEEN