Cl)e Jeffersonian
r Volume Six
L Number Twenty-Six J
“Did Collier’s Weekly Insult the Women of the
South ”? Asks the Georgian, of Atlanta
T DID! NOT ONLY THAT, IT IN
SULTED ALL AMERICAN WHITE
WOMEN!
This is what Collier's editorially said :
I
“It is well known that the negroes who were
lynched, were in many cases falsely accused by
white women as the easiest way to escape scan
dal.”
At the instance of The Jeffersonian, our
neighbor, The Atlanta, Georgian, “went after"
Norman Hapgood, editor of Collier's, de
manding “the exact text'' of the editorial in
which the alleged insult to the South was
given.
What sort of answer did the Georgian re
ceive? Did Norman Hapgood send “Me ex
act text"', as requested ?
No, indeed. On the contrary, the editor of
Collier's shuffled, and dodged, took refuge in
conciliatory generalities; and produced a tes
■f in ronin 1 from Clark Howell, which was prob
ably written before ■Collier's flung that fla
grant insult in the face of white womanhood.
In his answer to the Georgian, Hapgood
claims that the charge against him grew out
of an editorial which he wrote about an Il
linois lynching, two years ago.
That is not the truth. Collier's was ti
rading against lynchings, (Southern lynch
ings especially,) in February or March OF
THIS YEAR; and, in the course of the edi
torial, used “the exact text" which appears
in the beginning of this article.
Why is the repentance of Collier's so be
lated ?
The Christian Advocate, of Dallas, Texas,
called attention to that outrageous calumny
on the South —did it last March.. The Rip-
Saw opened up at about the same time. The
Macon Telegraph was not far behind. The
Augusta (Ga.) Chronicle also took up the
matter, and The Jeffersonian blazed away
in April.
WHY DID COLLIER'S IGNORE ALL
THESE PAPERS?
It exchanged with The T(degraph, at that
time. (I presume it does not do so now; for
Mr. Pendleton, editor of The Telegraph,
states, in a recent issue of his paper, that he
no longer permits Collier's to enter his home.)
I know that Hapgood reads the Rip-Saw.
for he editorially, (and with a lofty air of
scorn.) makes reference to it.
Collier's also exchanges with The Jeffer
sonian and, presumably, with The Chronicle;
but whether its editorial High Brow conde
scends to read them, one can not know.
The agents of Collier's have had to meet
this charge against the paper, not only in the
South, but in the West, to which so many of
our young men have migrated. Therefore,
from its canvassers, its subscribers, and its
exchanges, Collier's learned, last April, that
its foul libel, of two months precious, had
kindled righteous wrath throughout t\vo
great sections of the Union.
Did Collier's retract? Did it apologize?
/ Did it pretend that something ((bout an Illi
nois Mynching had slipped into its .columns,
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, December 9, 1909
without the knowledge of its editor, as it now
does ?
Oh, no. In its issue of April 17, 1909, it
bungled and floundered, in a lame effort to
prove, that the anti-Prohibitionists were man
ufacturing falsehoods, against Collier's, for
the purpose of breaking the force of Collier's
attack on the saloons!
A barefaced subterfuge. Concerning these
.anti-Prohibitionists, Collier's used this lan
guage—
“ They take an editorial of ours in which we
give reasons why a prompt court trial is more ef
ficacious than the judgment of a mob. Among
other things we had occasion to mention a cer
tain class of women . . . victims of man. . . .
This admission of ours that fallen women do ex
ist upon this earth, gave the saloon men their
opening.”
Now, did you ever read anything more ab
surd ? Collier's had had the temerity to ad
mit that “fallen women do exist on this
earth''; and this rash admission, “gave the
saloon men their opening''
What fools Mr. Hapgood must take his
readers to be! From Moses to Christ, and
from Christ to Dr. Parkhurst —who is it that
has not spoken in stentorian voice against the
social evil—thereby admitting that “fallen
women do exist upon this earth”? In the
Bible, in almost every history that is worth
reading, in every magazine and newspaper
that issues from the press, you find evidence
(hat “fallen women do exist”. Yet, Collier's
insults your common sense by stating, edito
rially. that “this admission of ours that fallen
women do exist on this earth, gave the saloon
men their opening''. So transparently false
and ludicrous an assertion would cause uni
versal merriment, were it not used to cover up
an affront which provokes universal indig
nation.
I say “universal”, for the original lan
guage of Hapgood was general. He was
yawping about lynching, as a national prac
tice. The negro rapist and his white victim,
were the subjects of the editorial. And he
said, that it was well-known that the white
women falsely accused the negro men. “as the
easiest way to escape scandal."
Bv the God that made me! NO WICK
EDER WORDS WERE EVER PRINTED!
What sort of white man is it that LIES
ABOUT HIS WHITE SISTERS, in that
horrible way? Is it not enough, that the
poor, bleeding, broken-hearted victim of the
negro's lust is ruined for life?» Is it not
enough, that she dies of her lacerations, or
her inconsolable grief? Must A WHITE
EDITOR come along, with his nigger-loving
morbidity. AND WRITE UPON HER
TOMBSTONE AA r A7V7AZ7Z WZ77677
BRANDS HER NAME WITH ETERNAL
DISHONOR?
Would it not be bad enough, if negro edi
tors did that? They have never done it.
Venomously as Pulitzer hates the South, his
New York TJWfrZ has never gone to such ca
lumnious lengths. Purblind as the Outlook
and the Independent are, on all questions pe-
culiar to the South, they have never equaled
the mendacious bitterness of Collier's.
Those periodicals content themselves with
the giving of all of their sympathies to the
rapist—NONE TO HIS VICTIM—and they
do not claim, as Collier's virtually did, that
the white women consented, but falsely ac
cused their negro paramour to avoid scandal!
In his reply to The Georgian, Norman
Hapgood claims that he was discussing a
Northern riot and lynching.
Well, does he mean to say that, at the
A orth, white women “falsely accuse" negro
men, “as the easiest way to escape scandal"?
Speak up, Hapgood, in your paper, and
tell us what sisters of yours were referred; iW
You either meant your Northern sistertf or
your Southern sisters. Say which—you reck
less slanderer! 1
If you intended to say. that in Illinois, or
in any other State, or this Union,
the white women falsely, accuse negro men
of having raped them, as Jhe easiest way to
escape the scandal of having consented, then,
in the name of American manhood. I de
nounce you as a Traitor to our great white
race, an apostate from truth, a base truckler
to the Afro-Americans and the negro-philes,
a disgrace to American journalism, a cow
ardly defamer of Aryan womanhood!
Were any man to say, in my presence, or
in that of any typical Southerner, that North
ern white women who appear to have been
violated by negro men “falsely accused" the
negroes as the easiest escape from scandal,
the answer would be, quick and stern. —
ARE AA T INFAMOUS LIAR!"
Mr. Taft and Papa’s Hierarchy
N THE Philippines, the Catholic friars
had amassed great wealth.. For one
thing, they owned real estate on which
were (>O.OOO tenants.
I
How did the Catholic priests and friars
get the property? By playing on the hopes
and fears of the ignorant and superstitious
natives.
The islanders rose in rebellion against the
Catholics, who were plundering and out
raging them.
The plundering you know all about: the
outrage —or rather the most hateful of the
numerous outrages-—I will now describe.
In all ages, the priest has exerted astound
ing influence over the minds of men. Women
have generally been clerical slaves.
So unlimited was the power of the priest
hood that, in many countries, thfey estab
lished brothels adjoining the temples, and
enjoyed the revenues. The girls and women
who had to serve a certain time in those dens
of shame, were the female professors of that
particular “religion”. •
In Babylon, every woman, without excep
tion. had to prostitute herself, at least once,
for (he benefit of the priesthood. Tn some
countries, the virginity of the girl had to be
yielded as an offering to the “religion”.
(continued on page twet.ve)
Price, Five Cents