PAGE FOURTEEN
FOR A BROAD, DEFINITE, NA
TIONAL POLICY.
fit. Louis, Mo., Nov. 19, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Mr. Watson: Yours of
the 9th inst at hand, and had been
set aside for further deliberation be
fore answering.
Appreciating the extent of the
work to be done in the matter of re
organizing the party and getting into
shape for a vigorous fight. As a pre
liminary, would suggest that you con
tinue to write vigorous editorials on
some simple fundamentals as to our
unique position among the political
parties. First, that we distinguish be
tween —the public sphere of action,
and that of the individual sphere, and
this would be illustrated by the second
proposition: That the government
should not give its power as an asset
to an individual or corporation’s
business, but when that is necessary
the government should run the busi
ness. This would apply to railroads,
telegraph, national banks, etc.
The people need and want some
such clear-cut statements for a rock
to stand on instead of Jefferson’s in
definite one of “Equal rights,” etc.
The Democracy is discredited,
and its Jeffersonian slogan hypocriti
cal. Have we not Democratic national
bankers and Democratic congressmen
willing to vote for them? To enumer
ate all of Democratic pretensions and
follies would take too long to one so
well acquainted with them. The don
key is their fitting emblem.
By making the above statements we
indicate a broad national policy and
eliminate the Republican sectional
ists of the North as well as the Demo
cratic section South; bringing in a
greater patriotism.
Next —the Populist movement was
a Granger movement, and the conven
tion, held at Memphis last year pro
posed as a remedy for the financial
panic' the issue of $500,000,000 green
backs —shows it’s abroad in the land.
The Populist papers depend on our
being in the field and to strengthen
them, to gain new force and power
would suggest that you take up the
Granger movement historically in
yoiir magazine—and current com
ment on matters, as financial happen
ings, plans of grange extension in
your weekly paper. This would help
along your South and West movement,
and put you in intimate touch with
our people everywhere and build up
the influence and power of your pub
lications.
Enclose you Mr. Artz’s plan as to
political, organization, and the old
party managers are beginning to
realize, the necessity of as close an
alliance-with the people who do the
voting as never before.
I feel that no meeting should be
failed until a well-considered,
thoughtful program can be outlined,
and’’that men be selected and invited
to attend by giving them a glimpse
of a solid foundation on which to
build—-not making it a meeting of the
National Committee, thus eliminating
the traitors and back numbers. Should
be glad to have your views on the
matters here presented—so we may
come to a mutual understanding and
harmonious action before presenting
a further logical program.
With best wishes,
F. F. FORRESTER.
5515-A Virginia Ave.
REARING CHILDREN.
Those who habitually correct their
children in their faults by whipping
and boxing them, must not be sur
prised when they find them slapping
them in return, and rough and abusive
towards one another. They are sim
ply trying to enforce their own little
ideas of right as they have seen their
elders do. The mother who spends
most of her time fussing over the
wardrobes of her children and herself,
starching, ironing and decorating and
making them fashionable, will find the
lessons she taught cropping out in
dudism; in vanity that prevents the
development of solid character and
useful habits. The father who
smokes, drinks and spends his sub
stance in riotous living, will have bet
ter luck than management if his chil
dren turn out to be strong, healthy
and honorable citizens.—Dodson
Times.
LEAF TOBACCO.
Write to Dick Madden, Wingo, Ky.,
for sample and price of leaf tobacco.
Dr. I. A. Wesson says he is all right.
Or/' 1 A WTC Do you know that this
I f.l valuable nut - bearing
* tree is unsurpassed—
not only as a shade tree, but as a money-maker?
Profitable to grow for home or for market. For
particulars, write to
J. B. WIGHT, Cairo, Ga.
POULTRY.
Make Your Hens Lay More Eggs
f 1 have found a method that will
make hens lay every day the year
I ' I round as in spring. A simple, inex-
pensive means is used which never
fails. A trial will convince you.
- { Write for it today. Enclose stamp.
N. L WEBB, 1-4, Lamaico, Texas.
PECAN
TDFIiC best varieties.
1 IVrJC/Oa special low prices.
BEAR’S NURSERIES, PALATKA, FLA.
, - A ■ - ■ |>
A HANDSOME PAIR OF
DON’T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles ..to genuine, bona-fide
spectacle-wearers in the next few
weeks—on condition - that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere.
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat ROWU) Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 318 St; Louis, Mo.
NOTE:-The aboveiAthA largest Mail Order Spectacle
House in the world, and perfectly reliable.
131)4. Jeffersonian
lU rniM» uirannmv STANDAR.D MACHINERY
AMtKIIAN mAUillNtKl Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
10 couth vnDcvrn Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
w SUUTn FUKMTH street gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. <> GEORGIA catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
»
The Doctor Durhams for three geaerationa hare been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the mattei of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the sama
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and la
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency In all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. B. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This Is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, HMM.
WATERLOO
a
‘‘Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is In the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
MODEL B
Gifts for the Holidays
ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN HANDSOME SINGLE PAIR BOXES
They contain mor. .nd better rubber than »ny other m»k«. have cold
pilt non-ruetlnc metal parte and stronc eord ends that cannot wear
w through. The new back free action permits ease and comfort no
matter what position the body may assume. *
They outwear three ordinary kinds, which mean*
three time* the service of usual 50 cent sorts.
Th. Most Comfortable Susp«nder Made for Man. Youth or Boy IV
I» Licht. Heavy or Extra Heavy Wcichts. Extra Lon e (No Extra Cost) I V lt. /
I They make inexpensive (rifts every man. youth or boy will gladly receive |
I HIWIS & POTTKR, Dept. SMI 87 Lincoln Bt., Boston, Mass. I
I Our useful Bvu.Doe_Svs»axpM Cobb *md Cxea mailed for 10c. postage. Instructive ■
g booklet, ‘‘Style, or How to Dress Correctly," free if you mention this publication [
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia