men made their deal with the Democratic lead
ers in Maine, just as they have done in Ohio
?■?. . Iliana. The Republicans stood for Pro-
Jjjbdion in Maine, as in Ohio and Indiana,
lhe Democrats in Maine openly. declared for
the repeal of the time-honored Prohibition
law, and the Republicans fought to hold it.
The Democrats almost won. The whiskey
men almost succeeded. The saloons nearly
got back into the “dry” state of Maine 1
Whereupon, the Bryanite papers rejoice.
Funny?
It would be, if there was not an element of
tragedy in it. Ihe pathos of tragedy, the ter
rible feature of it is the blindness of the South
ern Democrats.
When a Prohibitionist, so intelligent and
wen-informed as Mr. Seeley of the Georgian,
jubilates because the Democrats of Maine
came so near to bringing the open barrooms
back into that Prohibition state, what can you
think?
H
"Bryan and the Negroes.
The University of Nebraska draws no color
line. Young men and young women of the
negro race are admitted as freely and treated
as well as the white students. Social equality
thus becomes the standard of the school.
Mr. Bryan is a warm friend to this Uni
versity, and it enjoys a yearly endowment of
$250 from his purse.
In Nebraska, the common schools draw no
color line. The negro children attend, upon
terms,of equality with the whites.
Mr. Bryan chose to educate his own children
in these social equality schools, although he
Was amply able to have sent them to white
schools had he objected to the mixed schools.
Mr. Bryan has never denied the statement,
reproduced in a Nashville paper, that, in a
local election, he voted for a negro against a
white man.
Again, in Nebraska there is no law forbid
ding the intermarriage of negroes and whites.
The consequence is, that such marriages are
not uncommon—shocking as they are, to the
average Caucasian. So far as we know, Mr.
Bryan has never attempted to have miscegena
tion made unlawful in Nebraska. Apparently
he finds nothing to denounce in the intermar
riage of the two races, and the consequent
mongrelization of the whites.
No wonder Bryan is out of touch with
Southern sentiment on the race question.
Born and reared in Illinois, he appears to be
imbued with the spirit of Thad Stevens and
Charles Sumner. If he has not made secret
pledges to the negro bishops on the points
named by them in that circular letter which
they have been circulating several weeks, why
has no denial been published?
The wrath of the negroes was aroused by
Roosevelt and Taft when these Republican
leaders took sides with the South on the 14th
and 15th amendments, on the disfranchisement
laws, upon the Brownsville matter and the
defeat of the Foraker bill. The negroes are
also enraged because Gen. Luke Wright, an
ex-Confederate soldier, was made Secretary of
War, and is to be continued by Taft in that
position of power.
Thd negroes say that Bryan has made them
satisfactory pledges, and that they are going
to vote for him.
WHAT ARE THOSE PLEDGES?
The negroes being furiously against Roose
velt and Taft because these two adopted the
Southern view of the race issue, how was Mr.
Bryan enabled to satisfy the negroes, unless
he took a position less friendly to the South
than that of Roosevelt and Taft?
It is a fair question. Bryan should speak
out. The Southern people, to whom the negro
question is so all-important, have a right to
know what Mr. Bryan said that convinced the
negro leaders he was a better friend to their
race than the Republican candidate.
Roosevelt and Taft lost negro votes by sid-
3efpr«onlan
ing with the South; Bryan has gained what
Roosevelt and Taft lost. How?
~ siding with the South, as Roosevelt and
1 aft did? Certainly not.
Then, HOW?
*
The Hearst Party In Nelv York.
W illiam R. Hearst hires his lawyer by the
year, just as he employs his editors. His regu
lar attorney is a little chap named Clarence
Shearn.
Clarence was with the circus when it per
formed in Atlanta, and he very seriously “no
tified one of the Hearst editors that he had
been selected by Hearst to run for Vice-Presi
dent.
1 his job having been finished Clarence was
shipped back to New York where there was
a new honor awaiting his arrival.
Hearst had solemnly decided that his lawyer
should run for Governor of New York, and
Clarence is being duly “indorsed” for the place
by dutiful gatherings of the pay-rollers.
Happily for Clarence, he got away from
Georgia before the brethren fell out among
themselves over the delicate question of the
care and custody of the Hearst campaign
money.
Some Singers of Pittsburg.
One W. H. Singer, a comparatively insigni
ficant person, has been married fifty years, and
concluded to celebrate his golden wedding.
This he did last week. The invited guests con
sisted solely of Singers —to wit. the four chil
dren of him, the said W. FI. Singer, and of
his faithful spouse.
When the four young Singers sat down to
the feast and turned up their plates, they saw
a sight good for weak eyes. For there, under
neath each plate, was the snug sum of four
million dollars, in checks, bonds and deeds —a
gift, in honor of the day, from their happy fa
ther, the said W. FT. Singer. Thus, the four
young Singers rose from the table richer by
$16,000,000 than when they sat down.
Reading of this banquet spread by one of
our lesser plutocrats, we naturally feel curious
to know how‘these Singers got all that money.
Well, it’s the same old story. W. H. Singer
has long been a member of a manufacturing
firm engaged in the iron and steel business.
You can guess the rest, can’t you?
. The federal government has always “pro
tected” Singer and his pals from foreign com
petition, and thus they have been enabled to
rob the American consumers.
Os course, Congress did not come right out
and say that it was passing laws to enrich
Singer and his pals. Oh, no! Congress said
it passed the laws which Singer and his pals
wanted, not to help Singer and his pals, but to
help the laborers who work for Singer & Co.
But then, you see, none of the laborers can
give sixteen million dollars, at one clip, to his
four children. It’s Singer who does that.
By passing laws which kept the wicked for
eigners from selling to us at reasonable prices,
Congress put us in the power of brother Singer
and his pals; and Singer didn’t do a thing to us
but rob us with monopoly prices—year in and
year out, patientlv, persistently, patriotically
and conscientiously —until the loot was so
enormous that he could easily afford those
four-million-dollar p-ifts.
*
Vote Tor Joe Brolvn.
Every man who went into the primary of
Tune 4th did so with the distinct understand
ing that he would abide by the result. If not
expressly, he impliedly promised to support
the nominee. As a matter of common honesty,
those who voted for Smith or Brown owe their
support to Brown. He won it in a fair, square
fight. If Hoke Smith had been the right kind
of man, he would never have inspired those
mean, malicious, mendacious attacks which his
organ, the Atlanta Journal, has persistently
made upon Joe Brown ever since the June
election.
If the primary wasn’t fair, Hoke Smith was
the proper man to have made the point, and
last’June was the proper time. If there had
been a shadow of doubt that the election was
legal and binding. Hoke would have been the
first man to cry “Fraud!”
He did not utter a word of complaint against
the regularity and legality of the election.
Neither then, nor at any time during the cam
paign, did he contend that there was an Un
written Law which entitled him to a second
term. There is no such law, and Hoke did not
object to Brown’s candidacy, for he could not.
Therefore, that is settled. Nothing remains
but the plain proposition, “Will those who
voted in the primary act honestly?”
If they do, the white primary becomes'all
the stronger because of the treacherous* at
tempt to destroy its usefulness.
Now that Joe Brown has taken the stump
for Bryan, insidious efforts are being made to
create the impression that he has broken faith
with Mr. Watson. He has not done so. He
made no promises to Mr. Watson, express or
implied, and consequently has none to keep or
break!
There nevcUwas anv kind of deal made, or ,
attempted, or even suggested, by Brown and
Watson. Any statements to the contrary .are
wholly without foundation.
High above the importance of Watson,
Brown, Smith and every other public man in
Georgia, rises the vital importance of the
White Primary.
We MUST stand by it! The supremacy of
the whites is at stake —a policy on which we
have all agreed to agree. However much we
may have differed as to the negro vote in the '*
past —each white faction striving to get the
larger share of it —we have all reached the con
clusion that the White Primary is our sal
vation.
, Let us forget our quarrels and bickerings
over Brown and Smith and Watson, and let us
fix our attention upon the principle which
dwarfs every personal consideration —the prin
ciple of White Supremacy.
As Caucasians, resolutely bent upon the pre
servation of our social and political institu
tions, let us abide by the June primary.
This is doubly important now that Bryan is
niggerizing the Bryanite party.
8* k .
Political Comedy In Georgia.
Did you ever witness a farce more entertain
ing than this mix-up in dear old Georgia?
There’s Hoke, Gray and Dick Smith trying
to cure those sore-heads of theirs, but getting
fresh knocks every time they bob up. The
truth is, that Dick and Hoke are mighty
clumsy fellows, and they stumble oftener than
any couple of political urchins going. If Dick
had had the average quantity of tactical acu
men he would have burnt his fingers before
writing that famous editorial in which the
Pops were so wantonly, so ungraciously, so un
gratefully insulted.
And if Hoke had had a moiety of the men
tality which he sincerely believes himself to
possess, he would have known better than to
choose Boykin Wright for his “guide, philos
opher and friend.”
With those tw r o red rags conspicuously dis
played. the bull would have been decadent, in
deed, had his attention not have been riveted
to the challenge. Then, when other “dares”
were given, and the wicked scheme was de
vised for robbing the country counties of their
political rights, a collision was inevitable —
upon the plain sailing principle that when you
see the other fellow drawing back to hit YOU,
it’s good policy to h|t him FIRST.
\ilcre endeth the first lesson.) lune 4, 1908,
came, and of the two candidates for Governor,
one was doomed to defeat.
Os course, it’s mighty bad to kick a little,
measley-looking chap, and have him rise up,
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE