must come to Atlanta, on July 9th, along
with the rest of “the boys.”
Yes, we must all work and vote for
the Disfranchisement law. At the same
time, the Jeffersonian wants to see the
White Primary maintained in full force.
On July 9th, in the speech which he will
make in the morning, Mr. Watson will
suggest a plan and make an offer to the
Democrats which will enable us to settle
all our differences, in state matters, in
the White Primary.
M
The Populist National Campaign.'
On the 9th of July we Pops will open
the National Campaign. We will hold a
grand Convention in Atlanta. Every
Populist who is able and willing to come,
and every Democrat who loves his coun
try better than his party, is invited tb
No c@tih.ty meeting is necessary. No
election or appointment is necessary. Let
ours be a spontaneous movement of the
people. Let ours be a movement which
springs directly from the masses, without
the intervention of any sort of local ma
chinery.
Populists, old and young, come to At
lanta on Julv 9th.
Democrats, who want old-fashioned Jef
fersonian principles to prevail once more,
come to Atlanta on July 9th.
Let us make it a historic gathering. Let
us making it the beginning of a new era
in Southern politics.
I will address the Convention in the
morning of that day, and will discuss
state affairs, as well as national questions.
I will also address the people, that
night, on national issues.
For the sake of old times, as well as
for the sake of the cause, I ask the Popu
lists to come.
And I ask the Democrats to come, in
order that they may understand, for them
selves, what we stand for, and be better
informed concerning issues in which their
own happiness and prosperity are as
deeply involved as our own.
As far as possible, let us forget party
feuds and the bitterness of the past. Let
us meet, as the Blue and the Gray now
meet, to commemorate a past in which
those who combated each other were
equally honest, and to pledge ourselves
anew to the service of our common coun
try.
Let us come together in voluntary, spon
taneous council, to reason with one an
other, not as Populists and Democrats
anxious for the success of a political or
ganization, but as Georgians determined
to find out what is best for Georgia.
That which is best for the people of
Georgia is best for the people of the
whole South, of the entire Union.
I think I understand your case.
I think that I can win it for you, if you
will accept my services.
Reflect upon this, AND COME TO
ATLANTA ON THE gTH OF JULY.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
The Ryan 2? oodie.
They are kicking up a great racket
about that $20,000 which Thos. F. Ryan
contributed to Mr. Bryan’s Nebraska
campaign fund.
Why so much noise?
Is not Thos. F. Ryan a good Demo
crat? Isn’t he the man who takes pos
session, bodaceously, of the Virginia dele
gation, and hauls the virtuous patriots to
the National Democratic Convention in
his private car?
True, he wrecks the railroads and
traction lines of which he is master, af
ter having squeezed out the last possible
dollar for I'hos. F. Ryan. True, he em
ploys the same legislative corruptionist
in New York who works for the Repub
lican millionaires. True, he is every bit
as much of a “malefactor of great wealth”
as E. H. Harriman, J. P. Morgan or Jno.
D. Rockefeller. True, he stands ffcr
thievery in finance and rottenness in poli
tics; but what of it? Isn’t he a good
Democrat ? Has he not recently been elect
ed a delegate to the National Democratic
Convention? Suppose a multi-million
aire of this canonical type, offers boodle
to W. J. 8., shall not the Peerless One
accept it? Yea, verily, gift horses of the
Ryan sort are not to be looked in the
mouth.
•? « r
Education.
The simplest meaning of the word is,
“to lead out.” When you think of the
numberless ways in which the definition
can be applied, its vast magnitude dawns
upon you. To lead out the dormant
strength of the body; to lead out the in
ert powers of the mind; to lead out the
better qualities of the heart; to lead out
the noblest capabilities of the soul; this
is the end of Education and this her mis
sion on earth. College walls can’t con
fine her, nor can obscurity or poverty pre
vent her from finding her savories. The
farmer who can make successful crops,
the mechanic who can drive his machin
ery, the merchant who makes money, are
educated men, though they never saw
Webster’s spelling book.
If from day to day we are learning
things that enable us to do our work bet
ter, we are getting an education, no mat
ter where we are, or what we are. These
boys who go to college don’t come back
with an education. If thev do not frolic
away too much time they come back well
prepared to receive one. 1 hat is all.
Daily work hammers into our heads the
lesson that teach us how to advance. If
todav I could call up around me all the
bovs that were with me in those dear old
college davs whose memory is one of life’s
sweetest Forget-me-nots, —If I could call
them away from the court rooms and the
pulpits, from the counters and the plow
handles, they would every one,*from my
friend Will Reynolds, who bore away the
honors from the Seniors, down to the
dullest among us Freshmen, they would
every one bear me witness that actual life
is the real education, and that their edu*
cation will reach its completion when life
itself shall end.
So, then, Education does not stop at
the schoolhouse or the college; does not
confine herself to the young, or to any
favored few. She goes on, and on,
through every walk of life, every grade
of society, every age of man and every
tribe of men under the sun.
There are duties which the young owe
to the old, but there is first the duty
which the old owe to the young. In its
broadest sense, we owe them education—
and education includes everything that
we can do to lead out that which is best
in the young. We owe them a good ex
ample; we owe them the maintenance of
a correct standard of living; we owe them
the inspiration of meritorious effort and
honorable success; we owe them the open
door of opportunity and the helping hand
of sympathy; We owe them that full defi
nition of Duty, which is emphasized by
•ur own constancy? to convic
tion.
* * *
Wall Street Victorious.
One more gigantic stride forward has
been taken by our over-lords, the Wall
Street financiers.
They whipped the politicians of both
the old parties into line with the “Panic
of 1893,” and got our Constitutional sys
tem of money changed from bi-metallism
to the single gold standard. But they
were not quite satisfied. They wanted
the power to make the market rise and
fall at their pleasure, so that get-rich
quick methods might be worked by the
initiated upon the outsiders. “Emerg
ency currency” began to be discussed in
banker conventions. Doodle-bug editors
held forth upon the angelic nature of “an
elastic currency.”
Not a word was said about “fluctua
tion,”—either of money-supply or of
prices. Had the word “fluctuate” been
used, it would have carried with it the
idea that, if the money-supply fluctuates,
prices will fluctuate.
Wise Wall Streeters! “Words are
things,” said his lordship George Gordon
Noel Bryant. That, they are.
“Emergency currency” sounded good;
“an elastic currency” sounded sweet —
vaguely suggesting molasses candy.
The Republicans in Congress worked
for this desirable change in our currency
system, and the Democrats did nothing
against it that was worth while.
Therefore, the Wall Streeters have now
got us where they want us.
Any time that the insiders see fit, they
can unload railroad securities and com
merical paper on the Government to the
tune of $500,000,000, and get bank notes
to that amount, which will circulate as
money.
Thus, with a flourish of the pen and a
turn on the machine, a railroad wrecker
and stock-juggler, like Ryan, or Morgan,
or Harriman, can take his watered stocks
and bonds,, and upon this watered stock
can have issued notes which the Govern'
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE