PAGE SIXTEEN
ANNOUNCEMENT.
.1. W. Itowe, o£ Atlanta, will ad
dress die voters of Meriwether coun
iv al Greenville at 10 a. ni. Saturday,
Octolni 24, on behalf of the candi
dacy of Mr. Watson. Mr. Rowe will
discn-< the national issues and is cer
tain to interest the crowd. Ladies arc
especially invited to be present.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
It was announced in last week’s
Jeffoisonian that Mr. Watson would
speak al Holbrook (mooning Hol
brook camp ground), Georgia, on die
morning of October 30. It has been
thought best, however, that he should
give that date to LaGrange.
Our Holbrook friends, nevertheless,
will go on with the rally just the
<anie as though Mr. Watson could be
present with them in person. Two of
die most eloquent speakers in the
State will be there on that date ami
die meeting is an assured success.
Horn T. G. Borough, editor ami ora
tor, well known to ns all through the
Royston Record and his own splendid
one, will deliver an address. Hon.
Phil Davis, of Atlanta, is to accom
pany Mr. Dorough and speak to the
voters. Mr. Davis is not so well
known now throughout Georgia as are
many of our “Old Guard,” but be
fore the end of this campaign he will
become endeared to thousands. Mr.
Davis’ address in introducing Mr.
Watson at the Grand Opera House in
Atlanta last week was one of marked
ability and the Populists of Pulton
county send out this young stump
speaker with geliuine pride.
GOOD ROADS.
T> of smooth, hard thor-
<og. nr country, especially in
the South and West, has made less
progress than in other advances in
civilization. The ancients recognized
the necessity, of good roads; we mod
erns get along somehow with what
Postmaster General Meyer terms
mere boggy st reaks. The import am"*
of transportation facilities throughout
the rural districts can not too clearly
he impressed upon the residents there
of.
Georgia i- just now getting in a po
sition where her public highways can
be enormously improved. Hundreds
of able-bodied convicts will be avail
able next spring. material
furnished and some engineering capac
ity our State can lead the van in
splendid thoroughfares.
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
I Gentlemen: Enclosed please find
$1 for one year’s subscription to
the Weekly Jeffersonian.
I believe in the truth of Jeffer
sonian principled, and lam sending
this so that my name and the
name of the new subscriber may be
published in the list of true Jeffer
sonians.
Name of new
I Subscriber
I Address of new
Subscriber
Sent in by
Addressx
The Executive Committee of the At
lanta Fair have seen this need and
have given special attention to it.
They have set aside the 20th of Octo
ber for GOOD ROADS DAY at the
Fair and will build a piece of road
find demonstrate the most modern
construction and show what can be
done and how to do it. Every one who
is interested, and we all should be,
should not miss this instructive ex
hibition.
- 1 ■' ■■■ l»l 4
“WELFARE WORK” BY THE
HARVESTER COMPANY.
(Excerpts from an article in Har
per’s Weekly by John Kimberly
Mumford.)
The nerve center of whatever ha
lo do with welfare work at the Mc-
Cormick plant of the International
Harvester Company is the club
house.
» * *
Whoever designed the club-house
had a pretty clear understanding of
the needs it was to supply. It is at
once club, library, gymnasium, ly
ceum, theater, chapter-house, ball
room, restaurant (where the men eat
at noon for fifteen cents or less),
schoolhouse, and many other things be
sides. The charity element has been
so thoroughly eliminated from its
operation that not only the mill em
ployes have come to look upon it as
their own natural haven, but the
neighborhood people who have noth
ing to do with the works are making
constantly more general use of it.
* * »
A quiet, bearded man who bade us
good night at the mill door was Chris
topher Borg, superintendent of the
whole big Deering establishment, that
in normal times employs 5,000 men.
One morning in October, 1882,
“Chris” Borg was hired from among
the crowd of men at the gate of the
Deering Works as a day laborer to
do service by the day with pick and
shovel. He is a whole chapter on
what a man can do for himself in
corporate employ.
# « *
It would take a long time to enu
merate the things that are done here
and in other plants in the hope of
bettering conditions and making peo
ple healthier, happier, and safer.
There are picnics up the lake in the
summer time, rival ball nines and
bowling teams; there are tennis
games, fire drills in all the plants,
and in musical Wilwaukee a band of
sixty pieces, which plays at the noon
hour. There are physical culture
classes that work for an hour after
closing time. There is a regular sys
tem of sick calls. The nurse, Miss
Louise .Palmer, who reports at The
plant-surgeon’s office morning, noon,
and night, and at a good many other
times, is eternally on the go through
the neighborhood.
* * *
It is plain to see, and to feel, as
yon touch the personal mechanism of
the Harvester Company at its va
rious points, that the work that is
being done for the betterment of con
ditions has the best guarantee of suc
cess, to wit, the appreciation and co
operation of everybody all down the
line.
Tsbe Ueffersonian
Pick Up a Dollar
And mall It to us at Thomson, Ga., and
we will send you for the next six months
The Jeffersonian Magazine
and Weekly Jeffersonian
No commission to agents on this offer.
American Cotton and'Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight Jn 30 days how K
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies. ■
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING : Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state «
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents. |
Just Lay Aside
HJoor Spectacles
.'f eyes entirely, and I will re
ndsome brand new 10-karat
famous ‘ ’’Perfect Vision’ ’ Spec—
’ree of charge.
give away at least one-hundred
the next few weeks in order to
nderful soothing glasses to the
of spectacle wearers in the
.ble time —so write me your name
at once and I will mail you my
me Eye Tester absolutely free of
also full particulars of my 10-
(oyßoiD spectacle offer. Address:-
DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO.,
erk 0, Haux Bldg, St. Louis, Mo.
0 a 0 a au LY /wrt A wHVwenTvVi
....
to SIOO weekly, in their spare I X
time, should ask for my special ( One-Hundred-Thousand Pairs j
agent’s proposition at once, and V Will ba Given Away. J
state their present occupation.
HOTE.—The Above lathe Largest Mail Order Spectacle lluuse in' the” World, and Perfectly Reliable;
PHINIZY&CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
CT AMI VV PREPARES AND PLACES STUDENTS
J 1 Alt IXI Best Faculty, Method and Influence. Our Stu-
dents are recognized as thoroughly competent and
Business Colleqe 8°° d P osi f tion , s a ; e . assured our graduates.
Tone of school in discipline and morals endorsed
IVlarnn C by Clergy of Macon as being clean and wholesome.
IVlatOll, VO. Send for catalogue.
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money Interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Uulou being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, % and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one year sl.lO
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Mis
souri World for one year $1.35
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri
World for one years2.lo
The Missouri World, published weekly, is
a straight Populist paper and is still edited
by P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly
twenty years ago.