C>l)e Jeffersonian
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Vol. 7, Number 5
THE MISSISSIPPI UNION ADVOCATE
Trying to Deceive and Mislead the Farmers
gia, I can not say; but he hits the gait all right. The full-page
attack which Mr. Ward, Jr., makes on me sounds like the com
mingled roar of Ladson, Boodlehunter, Duckworth and our Bos
ton-raised Brother, John Lee.
The first statement of Mr. Ward, Jr., is, that he refused to
print some Resolutions sent him for publication by a Mississippi
Local. That’s just like Duck and his own dear paper, isn’t it?
War J, Jr., favors gag-law, just as the Union City boss does. I
wonder how long the Mississippi farmers will continue to give
their money to "an official organ 1 ' which refuses to publish the
official action of Local Unions.
Look sharp, Mr. Ward, Jr., the first thing you know, the farm
ers will be dropping your paper, as they are dropping Duck’s
Union News, and the Texas Co-operator. You little upstarts who
were never heard of until lately, and who will all be forgotten
within a few months, may flatter yourselves that you can succeed
in your crusade on me, but you are only digging pits for your own
feet.
B. F. Ward, Jr., says that he has no doubt that I have fallen
out with some Labor Union, and that my paper is not printed by
Union printers.
Great Nebuchadnezzar!
Never had a trouble with a Labor Union in my life: have al
ways been the champion of organized labor; and my relations
with the Union printers who do such splendid work for my paper
and Magazine are ideally satisfactory.
Farmers of Mississippi! What do you think of the Editor
and Manager of your official organ, when you see him publishing,
wildly reckless falsehoods of that character ?
While I am a loyal supporter of Labor Unions and of Farm
ers’ Unions, I am in favor of each tub standing on its own bot
tom. Labor organizations don’t take farmers into their secret so
cieties, and they are right. They want no member whose interest
is not identical with that of all the others. That principle is ab
solutely sound. And 1 have strongly urged the farmers to adopt
the same policy. The Farmers’ Union ought not to have any en
tangling alliance with Hon. Sam Gompers— such as was contem
plated by Ladson, Bodenhamer and Duckworth.
Those explanations of Mr. Gompers’ plans, and those warn-,
ings to the farmers, had a good effect. The Jeffersonian had
no selfish interest in the matter, at all.
Mr. B. F. Ward, Jr., tells his readers that he hopes I will not
“continue . . . the wholesale denunciation and general disap
proval of everything done by the organization”—the Farmers’
Union. ’ i
Did you ever read a more brazen falsehood ?
“Wholesale denunciation” of the Farmers’ Union! “General
disapproval of everything done by the organization”!
When the people get this issue of The Jeffersonian, and read
the amazing statements of B. F. Ward, Jr., I venture to say that
they will have some things to say to him.
B. F. Ward, Jr., winds up his full-page libel by saying that I
misrepresent Mr. Brooks, of Tennessee, and that I have not “yet
gone to the trouble to state Mr. Brooks’ true position on the Ship
Subsidy question”. Ward, Jr., further says that Brooks “had
stated that the best and only way for the United States Congress
lEVERAL friends were kind enough to send me copies
of The Mississippi Union Advocate, the official or
gan and property of the Farmers’ Union. The Edi
tor and Manager is Mr. B. F. Ward, Jr.
Whether Brother Ward has been receiving any
letters from “the little bunch” at Union City, Geor-
oflttanta, Ga., Thursday, February 3, 1910
to build up an American Merchant Marine was to remove the
protective and prohibitive tariff on all shipbuilding material”.
Worse and worse!
Our readers know that I proved from Brooks’ own article, in
Duck’s paper, that I did not misrepresent him. The Jeffer
sonian copied what Brooks himself wrote, and proved that he
had argued in favor of two forms of Ship Subsidy, towit—boun
ties and preferential tariffs on all imports.
(See, page 16, Union News, of October 27, 1909.)
While this was “dead proof” on Brooks, we, nevertheless, pub
lished his statement that he really did not favor the bounty and
preferential tariff in whose favor he had argued, in Duck’s paper.
Poor uninformed Mr. B. F. Ward, Jr., deplores the fact that
we have no Merchant Marine, and indorses the alleged Brooks
plan of getting one, viz.the putting of shipbuilding material
on the free list.
That is just where they have been for some years, Mr. B. F.
"Ward, Jr.!
And as to Merchant Marine, we have a larger one than Great
Britain itself can boast. We have thirty thousand ocean-going
steamers, sailing vessels, boats and barges. Besides, we own lots
of the vessels which carry foreign flags.
Such papers as The Texas Farmer (Dallas) and The Co
operator (Dallas) and The Union Advocate, (Jackson, Miss.,)
and The Union News (Duck’s paper) all went to barking “Mer
chant Marine !” at the same time— and it looks mighty suspicious.
The Jeffersonian is hated by Farmers’ Union papers of that
stripe, and I’m glad of it. These Hannacrats, these assistant Re
publicans, these traitors to the agricultural interests meant to help
the corporations lay another pipe-line to the people's public f unds,
and The Jeffersonian blocked the game. That’s why they are
publishing so many lies on me.
But it’s all right. They are not fooling the intelligent men
of the Farmers’ Union—not a bit of it!
How’s This, Brother Broughton?
ROTHER Len has put himself in a bad light. After
cutting up and skirt-dancing like a man who was
spoiling for a fight on Foreign Missions, Brother
Len has cooled off and backed out.
And what excuse do you suppose that our Broth
er Len gives for his refusal to debate the subject
HI.
with Rev. J. A. Scarboro, of Magnolia, Arkansas?
You couldn’t guess in a coon’s age. The plea on which Dr.
Broughton runs away from a discussion with Scarboro is so ut
terly discreditable to the Doctor that you’d never be able to think
it up.
Dr. Broughton has written to Rev. Scarboro that the reason
why he, Dr. 8., challenged was that I had criticised him in
The Jeffersonian. As Rev. J. A. Scarboro has not done any
thing similar, Dr. B. will not debate Foreign Missions with him!
Well, I do declare!
How can Dr. Broughton fail to see what an unfavorable flash
light he throws upon his own character by making a confession
of that kind?
It is the same as though Dr. Broughton had said, “Z care noth
ing for Watson's attack upon modern mission methods: what riled
me was his assault on ME”
Brother Len, it would have been impossible for me, or any
(continued on page twelve)
Price, Five Cents