Oi)c \jlc|'|'ersonian
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Vol. 7, Number 3
Why Should Georgians Belittle Their f Citizen ?
\ << <Y" X
ious” papers were equally fair and manly, they would gain a
larger circulation.
When you have finished reading what Dr. Hull had to say,
and have then perused the Christlike communication of Mr.
Ellis, you will have a clearer idea of the supercilious arro
gance which permeates our higher clergy and missionaries.
Os course, they all think that there was something mon
strous in my virtually classing myself as equal to Bryan. Even
this unknown Ellis speaks of his consenting to “stoop” to my
“level”.
Well, suppose we look into the relative achievements of
Bryan and my despised self. A calm review of the record can
do no harm. It is possible that there may be a few Southern
people, who, having coolly weighed the facts, will reach the
conclusion that the Georgian is not altogether beneath the no
tice of the Illinois-Nebraskan.
(1) Bryan and I were both lawyers: will any member of
our profession say that Bryan is my equal as a lawyer? Not
one. The Supreme Court Records (of Georgia) will show that
I won a great victory over the leader of the Augusta bar, in a
case which turned upon the most abstruse principle of civil law,
towit: “The Rule in Shelley’s Case.” (Pearce, Guardian, vs.
Harris et al.) As a criminal lawyer, I stand with the head
men of my profession —as any Georgia attorney will tell you.
Did Bryan ever win such a position at the bar? He cer
tainly did not. He hasn’t got the “legal head”, at all.
(2) Bryan and I both went to Congress: he served four
years, and I, two. Where are his footprints on our Federal
legislation? You can not find them. In Congress, he did
nothing but the one thing that he is capable of doing— talked.
That’s all that the world will ever get out of Bryan—just talk,
and then more talk.
He made his brief speech for the automatic car-coupler bill,
and then left others to see the thing through. Those of us who
won the fight, w T ere on our feet until the night-session ended
with sunrise. Ask Colonel E. B. Stahlman, of Nashville,
Tennessee, who it was that carried the burden of that battle.
He was in charge of the forces that opposed us— he knows.
Did Bryan open his Ups for the R. F. D.? He was there.
It was a splendid opportunity; and a hard, close fight. Go,
and examine the Record. I will not ask you to take my word
for anything. Just search the Congressional Record of Feb
ruary 17th, 1893; and see whether Bryan helped me obtain the
first appropriation that was ever made for the present R. F. D.
System.
(3) Again, Bryan and I have each written books: where
are his? They sold enormously, when they first came out: that
was because of his reputation and popularity. But who buys,
or reads those books, now? Nobody. They are reposing peace
fully, at the bottom of the sea. They are as dead as Sesostris
and Caesar and Semiramis. Why was Bryan a failure as an
author ?
(1) He has been such an inveterate talker, that he has
never had time to read, digest and reflect.
(2) He has no more depth or originality than Talmadge
had. Tn truth, he is built on very much the same order as Tal
madge was.
(3) He has no style, no individuality. You can recognize
Brisbane or Alfred Henry Lewis, or John J. Ottinger, or
Henry Watterson, anywhere, by the style— the way they write.
BRYAN AND WATSON
LSEWHERE in this issue, you will find what Dr.
Marion Hull and Mr. W. T. Ellis have to say con
cerning my polite refusal to debate Foreign Mis
sions with Mr. Ellis. I copy this from the Atlanta
Georgian, for we are always ready and willing
for our readers to see both sides. If the “relig-
Jit (ant a, Ga., Thursday, January 20, 1910
But Bryan’s compos* absolutely devoid of distinguish
ing characteristics.
Having no charm of literary manner, no store of informa
tion, no creative genius, Bryan has signally failed, as a maker
of books. His works die early, and none survive more than a
year or so.
On the contrary, my own books run through edition after
edition, and sell better, at this time, than when they w T ere first
published. At least tw T o of them are kept on sale in foreign
countries. Whether the French Government has translated
those works, for use in the public schools of France, I am un
able to say; but I do know that the subject was under con
sideration, in 1908.
(4) Now, take journalism. In that field, Mr. Bryan has
tremendous advantages over me. He has enjoyed all the pres
tige of being the idolized leader of 6,000,000 voters. Thou
sands of enthusiastic followers take his paper because it is his.
Thousands of politicians and editors have to have it, to keep
up with him. Consequently, The Commoner is bound to float,
no matter how very commonplace its general get-up may be.
Is there any dynamic Thought in Bryan's writing? Does
anybody quote it? Do the other papers copy from it? Does
it create public sentiment? Does it cause its readers to feel
that they can not live without it? Is it educational, evangel
istic, inspirational? Is it a pioneer, in anything? Is it an
eye-opener, soul-mover on any subject whatsoever? No. The
Commoner*s light might go out tomorrow, and we would not
feel that we needed a single additional candle.
Would any vested, interest, sacred or profane, give ten cents
to have Bryan’s paper suppressed? I don’t think so. That is
a good test of force and success, in genuine journalism.
There are vested interests that would give millions to sup
press the Hearst papers, the Philadelphia North American,
the Baltimore Aw, the New York World, the Portland Ore
gonian, and such magazines as combat the trusts.
Do the two “Jeffs” belong to the virile class? Are they
(continued on page five)
What It Means to Wreck a Bank
1 •
ID you ever stop to think of the enormity of the
crime of bank-wrecking ? Let us consider it,
awhile.
A nigger steals a hog; and we send him to
the penitentiary for a term of years. His theft
had not damaged anybody very much; and, as
his was a secret offense, no harm was done to the public.
A white man burglarizes a house, getting off with the purse,
watch, and other portable valuables that he can lay his
hands on. If caught, prosecuted and convicted, this criminal
will be sent up for several years. His loot was comparatively
trifling, the injury was confined to the few, the public suffered
no hurt—for even though he had escaped capture, none but the
criminally inclined would have thereby been encouraged to
imitate his example.
So, you see, each of these felonies affected none but the in
dividual victim; and did not damage even him, tragically.
But how about the sin and crime of bank-wrecking?
To commit this offense, the officers of the institution have,
usually, to act with deliberation and collusively in the violation
of the laws and the misuse of trust funds. It is generally nec
essary for them to coolly form a criminal design, which in
volves a wilful determination to violate the laws, and to betray
those who have trusted them.
Necessity does not prompt them, as it may do the robber and
(continued on page twelve)
Price, Five Cents