PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA,GA., DECEMBER 3, 1908.
The Spinners 9 Profits.
The Progressive Farmer, referring to Mr.
Watson’s New Orleans address, reports him as
stating that the foreign spinners clear a profit
of $9,000,000 on the American cotton they an
nually purchase from us.
The amount is rather more than nine million
dollars, Brother Poe. To be frank with you,
it is nine hundred million dollars.
The foreigner bought, during the year nam
ed, upwards of nine million bales of American
cotton, paying us not quite five hundred mill
ion dollars for it. He sold the manufactured
products, cloth and “sich,” —for fourteen
million dollars.
Five hundred from fourteen hundred leaves
nine hundred.
Tidy sum to lose every year,—this $900,000,-
000!
When is the cotton grower to wake up, and
watch the way his Congressman votes?
When is the farmer going to learn how to
compel his representative to vote for laws that
will benefit the farmer?
The official record REVEALS THE AW
FUL FACT THAT THE STEEL TRUST,
ALONE, CLEARS MORE MONEY, EV
ERY YEAR, THAN THE 16,000,000 AGRI
CULTURISTS CLEAR IN TEN YEARS.
Why? Because the Steel Trust gets Con
gress to pass laws that benefit the Trust. How
does Congressional legislation enable the Steel
Trust to earn larger profits in one year than
all the farmers can earn in ten?
By putting the license-fee of the foreigner
who seeks to sell in our market so hiedi that he
cannot afford to pay it. The Tariff duty which
the foreigner has to pay at the Custom House,
before he can offer his <roods for sale in our
country, is the same as a license fee, paid for
the privilege to sell.
Suppose a foreigner has to pay four dollars
Tariff duty on a suit of clothes which sells in
Europe for six dollars. The four dollars must
be added to the six, and we Americans must
pay ten dollars for the suit. The foreigner
cannot afford to sell it to us for less.
That being so, the American manufacturer
can put a ten-dollar price on his six-dollar suit
of clothes also. The foreigner cannot sell for
less than ten, without losing money, whereas
the American manufacturer can offer his suit
at $9.50, cut the foreigner out of the trade, and
still pocket $3.50 more than the suit of clothes
is worth.
When the foreigner can afford to bring his
goods into our market, the Government gets
the Tariff duties.
When the foreigner cannot afford to sell in
our market, the American manufacturer has a
monopoly, charges extortionate prices, and the
Government nothing.
Thus the Tariff keeps competition out,
breeds the Trust and pillages the millions who
must buy the 3,000 articles whose prices are
artificially jacked up and kept up by Congres
sional legislation.
The prodigal expenditures of Congress
both the old parties being equally guilty of
sinful waste —have increased the appropria
tions until the per capita cost of running the
'Jeffersonian
Federal Government is about sl2 per annum.
To the average family that means a yearly Fed
eral tax of S6O.
But you never see any Federal tax-collector,
do you? You see one every time you buy a
plug of tobacco, every time you settle a store
account, every time you purchase one of the
hundreds of articles necessary to home and
farm.
You bewail your fate, and say that “Times
are hard and the cost of living increased.”
What have you done to make times better?
Voted the Republican ticket, and got half-a
dozen little packages of garden seed, and a
copy of a speech that perhaps your Congress
man did not deliver?
Or did you vote the Democratic ticket, and
get six small envelopes containing garden seed,
and a copy of a speech your Congressman made
on one side of a question, when the record
shows that he voted on the other?
Prices high? Oh, no, they’re not; it’s the
taxes that are- high. You pay the Federal
taxes when you pay those high prices for mer
chandise.
If you would compel your Congressman to
lower the Tariff duties, the number of- foreign
ers who could afford to sell their stuff in our
market would be increased, the prices of all
kinds of merchandise would be more reason
able, and the Government would get a larger
proportion of the price which the Tariff com
pels all to pay,—for the foreign goods are the
only ones which enable the Government to get
anything out of the Tariff. The smaller the
amount of foreign goods that can be sold here,
the greater the huge sum total of what our
manufacturers get out of the Tariff.
As long as there are any Tariff duties, the
people will have to pay more for dutiable ar
ticles than thev are worth, for the duty will
always be added to the price. But it is very
much better to have low duties which will en
able the Government to get the principal bene
fit of the immoral Tariff than to leave duties so
high that foreign competition is shut out and
the Trusts hog the whole thing.
* it
The Grangers and the Tariff.
Those agriculturists who belong to the
Grange at length realize that the Tariff sys
tem is a comprehensive legalized robbery of
the many by the few. The Grange knows that
the people engaged in agricultural pursuits suf
fer more from the exactions of the Tariff-made
Trusts than does any other class. Therefore,
the Grange, in its national convention, has de
manded a lowering of Tariff duties.
When are the Farmers’ Uuion cohorts going
to fall into line and make themselves felt in
the great struggle against the robber Tariff?
* * M
The Hearst Campaign.
After all, Mr. Hearst spent less than $43,000
on his grand Combination Circus perform
ances. The amount of free advertising he got
out of it was worth double the money.
No one else contributed to the Hearst cam
paign fund. Everybody felt that the Show be
longed to Hearst, and that Hearst should pay
the freight. We think that he should have
furnished Honest Tom Hisgen with transpor
tation facilities, but he didn’t. Honest Tom
laments the dismal fact that he had to pay his
traveling expenses. In that respect, there is
another Tom who knows how it feels.
Brother Hisgen was not allowed the use of
a single one of those stolen letters nor to come
within reach of the Hearst dough-bag. Says
Honest Tom, —“I spent a lot of money travel
ing around, lost a lot of time from my business,
and now I’m done with politics, and am back
on the job of supplying the creaking wheels of
the universe with axle-grease.” Or words of
similar import.
Which goes to show that Flonest Tom has
had all he wnnts of Hearst’s Independence
joke.
The Majesty of the Late.
How mighty is the strong arm of the law
when it smites the weaklings, the friendless
and the poor.
For stealing a pair of boots, Lawrence Ryan,
of Indiana, was, on Nov. 20, 1908, sentenced to
eight years in the penitentiary. Ryan was
bare-footed, the weather was chilly, the boots
looked tempting, the sudden opportunity came,
and Ryan committed a crime to relieve a phys
ical necessity. Possibly the boots were worth ‘
as much as five or six dollars. No great loss
to the owner was involved in the stealing of
this surplus pair of boots; no great damage
was done to society; but the thief gets eight
years, just the same.
Last week, a boy swiped a bicycle that had
been left on street, in Augusta, Georgia, and
the boy who yielded to the sudden temptation
which the bicycle and the opportunity offered
got ten months on the Richmond County chain
gang.
Here are two samples of the stern, rigorous
punishment meted out to the unfortunates who
commit small crimes. It is almost incredible
that any human being, exercising dominion ,
over another, should be so harsh as to take
eight years out of a man’s life and devote those
eight years to punishment, because a barefoot
ed wretch stole a pair of boots. By compari
son, the sentence of the boy who stole the
wheel appears light,—but what sort of a man
will that boy make after ten months of service
with the hardened criminals on “the gang?”
On the other hand, see how palsied is “the
strong arm of the l&w” in dealing with the rich
and the socially or politically powerful.
The last one of the big criminals convicted
by Folk, in Missouri, finally broke through the
net. Not one of them was punished. None of
the Insurance Company thieves in New York
was brought to the bar. All of us know that
Rockefeller and Rogers and Archbold and
Ryan and Harriman are guilty of systematic
and stupendous violations of law, but nobody
will even swear out warrants against them.
In the state of Georgia, we have a disgrace
ful illustration of the feebleness of “the strong
arm of the law” in dealing with a criminal who
is rich, or “well connected.”
The case of Tom Alexander is enough to
make all right-thinking people ashamed.
His crimes,—for their name was Legion—
fell under the general head of Forgery. He
made receipts for imaginary cotton. These spu
rious receipts were represented by him to be
genuine receipts for real cotton. Upon the
faith of these forged receipts, he obtained loans.
It was just the same as though he had made
counterfeit money and passed it off as good
money. He made false papers, false receipts,
aiid declared that the spurious receipts were
genuine bona fide papers.
He did this, not once, but many times. Upon
these forged papers he got,' not a small sum of
money, but a very large amount. From one
bank, alone, he fraudulently, feloniously, took
SBO,OOO. His deed was not the result of sud
den temptation: his crimes stretched over a
long period of time. There was no physical
necessity driving him to dishonesty; an ex
pensive personal indulgence, coupled, perhaps,
with speculation, led him on from week
week, from month to mnth.
Then when the bubble burst, he did not face
the music like a man, and partly disarm public
indignation by contrition and readiness to ac
cept the penalty. No. He ran away, leaving
relatives to bear the brunt. To them the blow
was fearful, and for them we have nothing but
respectful sympathy.
But the law should be no respecter of
persons. The law should not have one pair of
scales for the hip-h and another for the low.
The crimes of Tom Alexander were feloni
ous, and there were dozens of them. They
were of the sort which strike at the very vitals
of our business system. They belong to that
class which sometimes plays havoc to the for
tunes of everybody in the community. In New
York, C. W. Morse is even now lying under 3