PAGE FOURTEEN
“HE MURDERED HIMSELF.”
(Continued from Page Three.)
civilization to support the contention that she
did not kill a man.
There are among us too many creatures in
man’s likeness of the Auspitz sort. We have
no name for them other than “man.”
But we already discriminate better than
we used to; and it is conceivable that an era
may dawn when even the books of our statute
law will recognize that suicide need not always
mean nothing else than the murder by a man
of his own body.
THE WHIRLIGIG OF TIME AND ITS
REVENGES.
Still the affair did not create much feeling
at the time, and Brown went into private life
to think upon revenge, next appearing on the
scene three or four months ago when he an
nounced that he would offer himself as a can
didate against Smith for election as Governor.
At fii*st Smith charged that Brown represented
anti-prohibitionists, but the temperance
issue was eliminated when Brown joined Smith
in a public pledge to veto any bills injuriously
affecting State prohibition. In the same way
both candidates pledged themselves in favor
TWO HUNDRED
R FOWLS IN COLORS
WHAT THE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
I Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys, Ducks and Geese will appear to the
I KaJ American Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these
subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if yoil tell your
■ mends about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the
fj rlce OIC 806 a y ? ar * * Yqu Probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
■ “Is hnown everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper In the United States and having the larg-
■ est circulation, 60,000 monthly, we spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
■ X For J wo yeara we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly
■ §5,000.00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of
B ry ’ turjceys, ducks and geese been pictured tn colors and assembled in one harmonious
■ °1 illustrations. Poultryman have wanted and demanded these for years, but no other
■ Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although
■ the demand from poultrymen tor colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the
■ Poifitry Association will have colored pictures of fowls in the Standard seme time in
■ rnR future. c send in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that ybu
I win secure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
I American Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
SUBSCRIBE
Watson's Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Oller
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of negi’o disfranchisement. Smith stumped the
State, while Brown, who is a man of ineffect
ual presence and a poor speaker, stayed at
home.
But just here another player enters upon
the scene. Tom Watson, Populist candidate
for the Presidency though he is, still has fol
lowing enough in Georgia to hold the balance
of power in such a contest as this in these
white primaries, and Hoke Smith had offend
ed Tom Watson. Tom Wtason also declared
that Smith had set up a machine of his own
as bad as its predecessor and that he had not
carried out his campaign pledges. Watson
therefore urged his followers to vote for
Brown. How much influence this had we do
not know, but anyhow Brown, who would have
been only an ex-Railroad Commissioner, if
Smith had let him alone, is now chosen to
take Smith’s place as Governor of the State.
“Hoke Smith is one of the strongest men
in the Southern States,” a friend of his de
clared to us two years ago, “but his great
weakness is that he runs roughshod over what
ever comes in his way.” This fault now seems
to have proved his undoing. And having
found much to admire in his course we regret
his fall. —Progressive Farmer.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Sepker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
In small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price |I.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
/=% SPECIAL OFFER
V-J ON OUR LEADER
8? Postal Scales
iil» Guaranteed Accurate
or Money Refunded
|Mh Capacity 2 Pounds by 1-4
ounces. Made of Brass, beau
tifully Nickel-Plated, length 4
inches. Just the thing to carry
in your pecket.
W PRICES
.O'., One - - - $0.85
Two-- - 1.65
Three - - 2.40
\ \ 1 Four - - - 3.15
\ 5 Five - - 3.90
Six - - - 4.65
We Pay Postage on All Scales.
The Ashman Heater Co., New Paris, O.
Gentlemen: —Please send me one of
your Leader Postal Scales, postage pre
paid on trial, if after using them 10 days
- they prove to be all right and just the
thing I have been looking for, I will send
you 85c., if not I will return them to you
prepaid, which I understand will not be
over 3 cents.
Signed
Town ;
R. L. C. No State
POPULIZE ’EM
All who are interested in the suc
cess of the People’s Party in the com
ing National campaign are urged to
help us in spreading Populistic doc
trines. Get everyone you can to sub
scribe to the two Jeffersonians. We
will pay your expenses by allowing
a liberal commission. Write to us.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for you to
ship your Fruits, Potatoes, Cabbages, Peas and
everything In this line to. Write them today
They are *
Hewitt & Company
10 H. Camden Street, : : : BALTIMORE, MB.