CLOSER RELATIONS FOR STATES AND
NATION.
If the congress of governors recently held
in Washington city accomplished no other
object, it justified its calling and its activities
by the opportunity it afforded papers in every
section of the country to stress the national
spirit comprising its essential genius.
So impressive was this phase of the con
ference that The Constitution emphasized it
on several occasions. A like tendency is
noticeable on the part of journals of every
shade of belief from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific.
One of the,more typical utterances is from
The Kansas City Journal, and is as follows:
To the students of government and to
those who take deeply to heart the great
questions of the relations between the states
and the government, there is a profoundly
gratifying reflection in this evidence of the
ultimate solidarity of the union—the assemb
ling of the supreme representatives of the
federal and state authorities “in committee
of the whole,” to consider “the general
good.” State lines are wiped out, but not
arbitrarily or with the surrender of the slight
est prerogative, while this tribute to the
“oneness of the many” is being paid.
Mutual knowledge breeds understanding, and
understanding is the deadly foe to sectionalism
or the petty and harmful animosities growing
out of clashing tradition and partisan interests
apparently antagonistic.
There are not wanting those thinkers who
believe they can trace in the absence of
co-ordination between state and nation the
demoralizing and conflicting conditions favor
able to just such developments as the financial
stringency.
Closer relations between the states as such,
and the states and the nation, are calculated
to eliminate these points of divergence,
minimize the mischievous opportunities for
demagogy and bring about a most desirable
cohesiveness of action.
For these, if for no other reason, we greet
with approval the permanent organization of
the governors of the sovereign American
states. —Atlanta Constitution.
GAMBLING LOGIC.
How is this for logic? Cotton is not worth
15 cents, and you will never get it. But the
reason cotton does not go up is because of
the war on the warehouses. Repeal this
legislation, giving the bull friends of cotton
in the South a chance to get in the game, and
you will get 15 cents, and maybe 20 cents
before spring. That is a fair sample of the
dope that has been dished up to the public,
on the theory that the people are a lot of
long-term suckers. Meantime, the Southern
cotton grower and his friends, noting that the
gambling element, with their future bets that
cotton will be $5 per bale less in future
months than spot cotton is worth now, are
the gang making the sort of talk above quot
ed, wink the other eye, and crucify the cot
ton gambler every time they catch him in
a crowd. For instance, over at Dallas the
other day a fellow asked one of them: “If
you are our friends, and your game is good
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
for us, how it is that for over a year your
future market has been $5 to sls per bale
under the spot market?” He did not get
back an answer as plain as his question.
He got an admission, however, that the New
York Cotton Exchange is pretty bad and the-,
claim that the New Orleans Cotton Exchange
is a really good exchange, or words to that
effect. To do him a measure of justice, the
New York Exchange is the worst ever. —South-
western Farmer.
ROLLING IN WEALTH VS. BUMPING
THE BUMPS.
Thirty-six million dollars were raised on the
Third avenue surface system four per cent
bond issue. Now the property is in the hands
of Frederick W. Whitridge, receiver. He tried
to learn what became of the $36,000,000. It
was a sum sufficient to build a new road or an
important subway branch. The Third avenue
line existed before this $36,000,000 was real
ized from the bond sale, and no changes or
improvements suggesting the use of the mon
ey were made afterward. Therefore, the re
ceiver quite naturally instructed his auditors
to dig around in the books for traces of that
$36,000,000.
In his report to the bondholders Receiver
Whitridge says: “There is, in my judgment,
no evidence on earth, or under the earth, of
the expenditure of any such sum of money
upon the Third Avenue system.” He adds that
when he took possession there was nothing
in good condition save the power house. He
now needs more than $4,000,000 for repairs.
Meantime, there is ridicule of Mr. Whit
ridge’s statement in some quarters. Only
$12,000,000 was misused, ’tis said. Ohly $12,-
000,000! Really! Incidentally it is asserted
that the Third avenue system needs 155 per
cent of its gross receipts to keep its head above
the water —literally the water pumped into
it by the jobbers.
The gasping suggestion stands out between
the lines of the report that much of this
hiatus, like the mysterious $750,000 of Cort
landt railless railway steal, went to cushion
with velvet certain political nests. With
certain big politicians and their satellites
rolling in wealth the people bump along in
miserable and disgraceful cars! —New York
American.
BAILEY OF TEXAS.
Senator Bailey has in a measure been sus
tained by the voters of his party in Texas. By
a considerable majority, he was last Saturday
chosen a delegate from the state at large
to the Denver convention. The primary was
accepted by all parties as a test of the sena
tor’s strength. The number of those who be
lieve that his conduct has warranted his con
demnation and retirement was great. We take
it that in spite of his defiant attitude he will
brood some over the antagonism he aroused,
and will extract a warning moral from the
great, though not destroying, wave of popular
indignation. Mr. Bailey is a man of great
qualities. He is great of mind, great in his
bearing, great of energy and great in his pur
poses. Not yet at the prime of life, he has
served seventeen years in the American con-
gress. From the day he entered the house,
when only twenty-five years of age, he has
been a conspicuous and a most forceful char
acter. As a profound debater, notably on con
stitutional questions, he has no equal on either
side of the senate. He ranks easily with the
great men whose fame is linked in history
with their senate service. But for his seem
ing determination to become a rich as well as
a great man, had he felt as felt those others
high in parliamentary history, he would today
be the nation’s most eminent son. Both Pitts
dominated in turn the world, and died poor of
purse. Their rival, the Elder Fox, preferred
money, ami died fabulously rich as Lord Hol
land. No honor attaches to his record as a
minister and statesman, equal to that of his
glorious son, Charles James Fox, who dis
dained money, save to scatter it, but whose
prodigality and indiscretions were more than
atoned for by his many superb qualities of
heart and mind. America’s great statesmen
have been splendidly indifferent to the en
chanting gloss of gold. Webster and Clay and
Calhoun, Benton, Randolph, the Adamses, Jef
ferson, Hamilton, Marshall, Douglas, Sumner,
and all that galaxy of patriotic adornments
achieved nothing more than a. competence for
themselves, though they bequeathed countless
blessings to their country. Bailey doubtless
sinned. Texas, or enough of Texas to make
the fact known over the entire republic, has
protested against his sinning. He still has his
great opportunities. His country is before
him and needs all the service that he can ren
der her. Let him now devote himself with the
single-minded purposes of pure statesmanship
to the task which is to him opportunity and
his continual fame may not suffer from this
temporary tarnish. —Memphis News-Scimitar.
RIVER TRAFFIC WAS MURDERED.
In considering the ways and means of
utilizing the magnificent inland waterways of
the United States the Conference of Governors
should not overlook a point which ultimately
cannot be neglected. This point is simplicity
itself.
The fundamental proposition is that water
transportation will cheapen freight charges.
From no quarter comes denial. It is an
accepted fact. Obviously the railways do not
want to see the rivers busy with steam barges.
During three decades the steamboat has been
almost a curiosity on thousands of miles of
navigable streams because of the perpetual
railway threat to cut rates below cost. Ex
cept for that menace there could be a revival
of river traffic today.
Who will build a barge line in the face of
the railway threat? Though the rivers were
cleared of every sandbar and snag, though the
channels were perfect—who would invest in
boats and barges likely to be destroyed in a
week by a transient railway cut?
In other words, to use the waterways for
the logical purpose of permanent cheapening
of freight charges necessitates the prevention
of murderously intended railway competition.
Wherever safe investment—that is, safety
from the railway menace—is assured to barge
owners, the river traffic will be reincarnated.
—New York American.
PAGE THREE