PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor! and Proprietor!
Tjc-mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - Si.oo PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttnd at hitifti, Atlanta, Ga., January It, IQO7, at tutnd
tian mail matnr
Atlanta, Go., Thursday, August 13,
Civilized!
His Holiness, enthroned at Rome and
crowned with the Triple Crown, has had
his “August poverty” relieved, this sum
mer, by unusually lavish sums which
still wear the modest, apostolic name of
“Peter’s Pence.” In the day of Peter's
immediate successors, pence really meant
pence. That was some centuries before
the earthly representative of Christ —the
wandering, homeless teacher —chose the
Rothschilds as custodians and investors
of the papal millions. You will recall
the fact that J. P. Morgan grew jealous
of the powerful Jews who had the hand
ling of the papal millions, and that J. P.
M. made overtures to his Holiness upon
the subject. In fact, J. P. M. assured his
Holiness that if the papal millions were
taken out of the custody of the Jews and
given into his keeping, the net earnings of
said papal millions would be much more
considerable. Whether J. P. M. got hold
of the said papal millions we really do
not know —nor specially care.
But what we do say, is that our Chris
tian civilization is panning out some very
disquieting conditions.
The Good Book teaches us that we
must spread the Gospel in order that all
nations may come to know Jesus.
Granted. But are we anywhere com
manded to back up missionary work with
an expensive commissariat? We fancy
that there would be a slump in contribu
tion to Foreign Missions .were it known
that we carry to the heathen not only the
creed of Christ, but medicine, food, cloth
ing, fuel, and other creature comforts.
On such terms as these, could not Mo
hammedans and Buddhists make hun
dreds of thousands of “converts” in our
big cities? It is an open secret that our
foreign missionaries* report lamentable
backslidings and fallings from grace
among the heathen converts whenever
the commissary department is inactive.
We are not responsible for hunger,
cold and nakedness in China; primarily,
it is not our duty to relieve it. Out of
our surplus, after having relieved all the
suffering of the poor at home, it would be
a work of Chiistian charity to feed, clothe
and house the poverty-stricken of for
eign lands—'but do we pursue the ri£ht
THE JEFERSQNIAN.
policy when we annually send abroad
millions of dollars to run the commissary
department of Foreign Missions, when
there is so much that ought to be done in
our Home Mission Department?
The question is put in all seriousness,
and we want you to think it over.
Consider the number of poor boys and
girls, not only in the mountains, but on
the plains and in the cities, who will
never be worth anything to the State or
to themselves, for the reason that sheer
poverty holds them fast in its inexorable
grip. They can not go to school; no door
of opportunity swings open to them. Sor
did toil, or vagrant Idleness, or errant
pathways leading to vice and crime; or
a dull, fixed, stagnant life, rounded off
by the dreadful “eat, sleep, propagate
and rot”; a life that is in no sense the
life which Christian civilization means
to bring to the world —such will be theirs.
Don’t you see it, everywhere? Isn’t
there some of it in your town, your coun
ty, your state?
Take the lid off almost any American
state or city, and contemplate the hell
that reveals itself. We know that wher
ever we have given our men and women
irresponsible power over their fellow men
and women, brutal or brutalizing condi
tions prevail. The hospital, the peniten
tiary, the asylum, the convict lease sys
tem, the den where white women ire
kept in prison for negro men, the panders
that prowl the streets hunting for young
girls, the systematic supplying of fresh
victims to the stews, the cocaine habit
that feeds passion and sucks up the sap
of life, the insane rush of men after the
woman who is almost undressed, and the
eager compliance of the woman who does
her level best to accommodate the sight
seers, the hideous murders and suicides
that flame out upon the pages of sensa
tional newspapers today, and which tire
public attention tomorrow —do such
ghastly things as these never smash the
clerical conceit of the Chadbands and
Honeymans who prate in melodious meas
ure of “this beautiful world”?
Earnest men, earnest women! —You
ARE responsible for conditions AT
HOME.
God never made the frightful inhu
manities we see around us. They were
made by law.
Nature does not bring about such
shocking contrast in social, industrial
and political circumstance. Legislation
does it.
YOUR MUNICIPAL LAWS DO
MUCH OF IT; YOUR STATE LAWS
DO SOME OF IT; YOUR NATIONAL
LAWS DO THE GREATER PART OF
IT.
Will you never, never wake to the
fact that the men who control the ma
chinery of legislation —in city, state and
nation —can inflict crushing injustice up
on individuals and classes?
That any man or woman, able and
willing to work, should seek work in
vain, or be paid a wage that is not fair,
or should suffer for the necessaries of
life —in a land where labor produces what
it does in ours —is an indictment of our
system upon which no impartial, intelli
gent jury could write a verdict of “Not
Guilty.”
•ft
Yes, we’re Christians, and we’re civil
ized. The vice-gerent of the homeless
Christ entrusts the papal millions to the
Rothschilds to put out at usury.
And we tax payers had the pleasure of
paying the Church of Jesus $7,000,000 for
its lands in the Philippines.
And when the Boxer rebellion against
foreigners had been put down by Chris
tians in China —with atrocities such as no
black or red savage ever outstripped —it
transpired that our missionaries had lost
property valued at several millions. Yes,
we compelled China to pay for it.
And the most heartless landlord in the
Babylon of America is the Trinity Church
corporation —with its millions.
And in America it has come to be as
it is in priest-ridden Italy, Portugal and
Spain —the beggar dies at the door of the
church, after having lived his squalid life
in sight of its splendor, its pride, its ever
accumulating wealth.
•ft »ft M
The Hearst Contention.
A full-blooded negro at the Hearst con
vention made a rip-roaring harangue in
favor of social equality. The well trained
pay-rollers cheered the African orator lus
tily. The two Georgians who wbre on
the stage while the negro was speaking
manifested no displeasure. They took
their medicine dutifully, just as the dele
gates from the other Southern States took
theirs at Denver, when the Bryanite band
pranced around the Georgia delegation
playing “Marching Through Georgia.”
•ft
Mr. Hearst has begun to buy up mem
bers of the Populist National Committee.
A man named Fulton, of Pennsylvania,
seems to be the first trophy of the Hearst
check-book. Well —we didn’t lose any
thing when Fulton flopped. No matter
how many alleged Pops Hearst may
swing on to his pay-roll — Populism will
go marching on.
By the bye —Hearst should have
bought Fulton sooner. Then Pennsyl
vania could have been represented in the
Hearst “meet” by a native. As it was,
Pennsylvania was represented by Chi
cago things, employed by the job, at so
much per.
Matthew F. Ryan, of Wilkesbarre,
Penn., has made affidavit to the fact that
he was the only Pennsylvanian present,
and that the Pennsylvania “delegates” -
who yelled and voted were simply Chi
cago things.
After the cut-and-dried “platform”
came out of the committee room and was
read to the Hearst pay-rollers by Shearn,
the Hearst lawyer, many delegates