PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
A 'Republic In the /loon
There was once a Republic (up in
the Moon somewhere) which was
founded at a time of violent reaction
against monarchical institutions, and
which embodied in its 'Constitution
and laws some of the principles of
that reaction carried to extreme con
clusions—as for example, the doctrine
that all men are created equal, and
endowed with certain inalienable
rights. At first these principles were
only applied to the white population,
but the obvious illogicality of thus
limiting their application caused them
eventually to be applied to the whole
population, white, black, red, and yel
low.
At the time of the establishment'"
of this republic, its people, (mainly
white) were virtuous, intelligent and
frugal. Being few in numbers and de
ficient in warlike resources, and fear
ing to lose their independence in case
of attack from richer and stronger
nations, they adopted a policy, which
though at the time apparently cf little
import, proved in the end pregnant
with tremendous and far reaching
consequences. They opened their doors
to all the inhabitants of the Moon and
hade them enter freely and d.vell vith
them on equal terms, and become with
them citizens of the glorious Republic
of the lunar orb. Then poured in
the exiled, the down-trodden, and the
destitute of every clime, and with
them, too, the outcast, the pauper, the
priest-enslaved, the insane, the dis
eased, the worthless, the dishonest,
and the criminal. In the course of
time, the population, by reason of
this continual accretion, became num
erous beyond expectation;* and since
the immigrant population, whatever
its average intellectual and moral
status was, found abundant oppor
tunities for industril activity, the
country grew rich as well as popul
ous.
Under the Constitution of the vari
ous States, and of the Federal Gov
ernment, all social distinction, except
that between citizen and resident, and
freeman and slave, was forbidden;
and even this was afterwards swept
away. The slave's were all made free
men, and the freemen all citizens.
There were no titles of nobility, no
legions of honor, no marks of distinc
tion. Every man was as good as his
neighbor, and oven in scientific mat
ters no anl'hority was respected which
neglected to protect itself with a man
tle of mystery. Society became as
level and as full of cheerfulness and
vivacity as the Dead Sea; while the
institutions that grew up from its
bosom rivalled in health and beauty
the celebrated apples of Sodom. De
prived thus of any other outlet for its
activity but the pursuit of wealth, the
nation devoted itself io this vain ob
ject with an ardor whose frightful
ness was marked by national infirmity
and social disease.
So long as the country was but
sparsely populated, the had effect of
its two boasted institutions, Social
Equality and Indiscriminate Immi
gration, were lost in the vast space
over which the population was spread;
but so soon as this space became filled
up, and these instittuions were devel-
oped in full force, the barriers, legal,
social and traditional, which before
had separated races and classes, (and
which, however slight, nevertheless res
suited, while the country was sparsely
settled, in a healthy differentiation as
distinct as strong'barriers would have
occasioned in more densely settled
countries) were broken down and de
stroyed. The virtuous and refined be
came confused with the vicious and
depraved; the yeoman, whose proud
heirlooms of freedom had descended
to him through a thousand years of
hitsoric contests, dyed in the blood of
patriots and embalmed with the pre
cepts of a long line of sages, was
judged by gibbering idiots who had
sweated in a slave-pen and wor
shiped Obi; and the fairest and love
liest daughters of the land were ex
posed to the rudeness and violence of
human brutes. »»
Yet strange to relate, these evi
dences of social degradation were re
garded, if not with complacency, cer
tainly with indifference. The country
was fondly called the Workingman’s
Paradise. So it was. But to the
thoughtful and refined it offered no
career; while the wealthy it actually
repelled. Property was insecure; and
the rate of interest, enhanced by in
security, rose to double that which
was current in friendly countries. The
indifference with which this decadent
state of affairs was regarded, arose
from a mental disease called Quantity
without Quality, to which the states
men of the Republic were peculiarly
liable and from which not even her
economists and moralists were wholly
exempt. The republicans of the Moon
dwelt with pleasure on the fact that
their institutions raised up the lowly;
but they forgot how effectually they
stamped out merit and rendered great
ness impossible.
When this policy of Quantity with
out Quality and the subsequent policy
of Equal Rights were adopted, it was
supposed with regard to the first that
social “advantages of selection”
would disappear without leaving any
bad traces behind; with regard to the
second, that a complete assimilation
of the population would result; and
that then the nation, numerous and
homogeneous, would advance by rapid
strides to intelligence, virtue, wealth,
and power. But these hopes, it seems,
proved fallacious. Nations and com
munities being of slower growth than
families, are less readily tainted with
moral or physical disease, but less
readily recover from it when tainted.
Hence the “advantages of selection”
in a community are far more lasting
than the same as applied to an in
dividual. Other reasons, too, militat
ed against the success of this doctrine
of Conglomerate Progress. One was
that Indiscriminate Immigration, was
still kept up in the Republic, and by
this means the social level of the
resident mass was lowered as rapidly
as it rose in obedience to the influence
of progress. Another was the impos
sibility of assimilation between the
white and black races, as illustrated
by the lawlessness and crime that
arose from the conflict between a Con
stitution which hade them live in in-
Btje. 3effersontan
timate relations which each other, and
obdurate Human Nature which re
fused to do so.
Thus social Heterogenity and legal
Equality forced the population to
struggle for advancement through the
narrow gorge of Pecuniary Interests.
There was no other road to distinc
tion; and this fact, when the popu
lation grew dense, led to unexpected
results.- Individual interests which
had never come into conflict before,
now clashed fiercely against one an
other, and in the contests which fol
lowed, not alone force, but also strate
gem and treachery were employed by
the rival classes. The ballot-box, once
an instrument to record the voice of
the people, was prostituted to the in
trigue of Rings and the purposes of
caucuses and cabals. The laws were
altered with a rapidity that rendered
it almost impossible for the most ex
pert men to understand them. The
Bench, at first appointed oy the Ex
ecutive, was afterwards subjected to
the vile agencies that had obtained
possession of the machinery of elec
tions. The executive, administrative
and clerical offices of the National
government, the States and the mu
nicipalities, were filled with vampires
who committed the boldest robberies;
the legislatures were packed with men
whose avidity was so shameless that
the price of their votes was publicly
quoted; while in some localities the
Civil Service, to the lowest grades,
stunk with such corruption that the
title of policeman became almost syn
onymous with that of thief.
Can the reader inform me what this
Republic was named? A. D.
New York, Feb. 9, 1909.
THE FORELOPER.
Rudyard Kipling.
The gull shall whistle in his wake, the
blind wave break in lire;
He shall fulfill God’s utmost will, un
knowing His desire;
And he shall see old planers pass and
alien stars arise,
And give the gale his reckless sail
in shadow of new skies.
Strong, lust of gear shall drive him
out and hunger arm his hand
To wring his food from a desert made,
his foothold from the sand.
His neighbors’ smoke shall vex his
o
eyes, their voices break his rest;
He shall go forth till South is North,
sullen and dispossessed;
And he shall desire loneliness, and his
desire shall bring
Hard on his heels a thousand wheels,
a people and by a king;
And he shall come back in his own
track, and by his scarce cool
camp,
There he shall meet the roaring street,
the derrick, and the stamp;
For he must blaze a nation’s ways
with hatchet and with brand
Till on his last won wilderness an em
pire’s bulwarks stand.
—The Bookman.
TALKING BACK AT HARRIMAN.
As an example of what magnates
may be driven to, take the case of
Mr. Harriman and the State of Geor
gia. That commonwealth has been in
dulging itself in some rather severe
measures in restriction of railroads
and the like. The measures are known
as wholesome regulation unless one or
one’s uncle or one’s sister-in-law
owns railway stock somewhere; in
that case, they are called “railway
baiting.” Mr. Harriman feels strong
ly about it.
“Now look here, Georgia,” he said,
the other day, “If you’ll stop this
foolishness of yours I’ll take ten
million dollars and turn my Georgia
Central into a real railroad.”
Whether Georgia will see things in
this reasonable light we do not know;
the first reports are discouraging.
“This establishment,” Georgia re
plied arrogantly, “is not being con
ducted for the benefit of E. H. Harri
man. Take back your small change.
You can’t work your Chicago and
Alton game on us.”
The Georgia newspapers were more
firm than polite on this question. There
were those who went so far as to say
that Harriman had never made a real
railroad in all his life. What he has
always done, they affirmed, is to make
an imitation railroad and to sell it to
people who could not tell a railroad
from a town pump.
This is the attitude of mind that
drives our best citizens into seclusion
and our much needed capital into
storage warehouses.
♦ • *
It seems that our railway magnates
are not so rich after all. A glance
at the secret archives of our great
transportation companies reveals the
fact that many of the big men have
less than ten millions of dollars of
railway stock in their own name, and
not many more in the names of each
of their office boys. Even Harriman,
the greatest of them al], does not
seem to possess more than a beggarly
$116,000,000 of stock in the Pacific
Railroads.
Poor, poor Harriman! In the splen
did palaces of the apparently opulent,
as in the humble cottages of the un
deniably poor, there is not enough to
go round. On many a lordly table,
cold mutton and mashed potatoes, to
say nothing of the unaristocratic
hash, now take the place of the one
time Thanksgiving turkey.
There is still worse to tell. Every
day there comes forward some new
loud-mouthed, unpractical agitator,
who wants to regulate this and regu
late that, and who believes that the
foolish people should interfere in the
business of the nation; so that at last
the harried magnate wonders whether
he will not be obliged to withdraw his
thrifty savings from all investments
and live sparingly upon his capital
for the rest of his life. But a word
of warning to Mr. Harriman et al.
You can not live decently with your
family in a great city for less than
eight hundred dollars a year, and so
if you draw upon your capital you
will be penniless in 145,000 years, or
by the year 146,000. Os course Mr.
Rockefeller would hold out a little
longer, for say an additional 605,000
yeais. But little by little his savings,
too, would disappear, and unless he
invested his six hundred million dol
lais he too would become a public
charge by the year 751,909 A. D.
Back to your roll-top desks, gentle
men ! —Success Magazine.