of the States, backed by strong public senti
ment, should not have the work taken out of
their hands, or removed from them their re
sponsibility. Carrying this local accounta
bility a reasonable step further, we would say
that each city should take care of its own
population. There can be no excuse for not
doing so. The “white-slave” evil could not
exist for twenty-four hours, in any city, if
the good men and women of the community
“got in behind” the police department. That
girls are betrayed into this awful condition in
New York, or Chicago, or Atlanta, is no re
proach to the Government, but to the callous
and negligent citizens who know that wrongs
exist, but who won’t take the trouble to help
right them.
To the Voters of the Fifth Congressional District:
In making this, my formal announcement
as a candidate for the 62d Congress, I am
frank to say that I have not been “urged by
hundreds of friends.” I have entered this
contest, subject to the Democratic Primary,
because I deem it a distinguished honor to
represent such a people in the highest coun
cils of the nation, and because I am honestly
seeking to gratify a laudable ambition, born
of a burning desire to enthrone myself in the
hearts of my people by accomplishing for
them the full measure of a square deal.
The present encumbent has been honored
with your suffrage for the past twenty years.
Every opportunity has been given him to
gratify his ambition, and to lay aside an ade
quate competency for his present old age.
In soliciting your kind consideration of my
candidacy, I do so in full strength of vigorous
young manhood, feeling assured that you will
not give a deaf ear to my solicitations, be
cause I am the representative of the young
men of this district.
The present era will be historically record
ed as the most critical in the history of the
American Republic. The need for young,
alert, courageous and outspoken manhood
was never greater than today.
The fostered interests of the Republican
Party are sapping the very life-blood out of
the producer and consumer by a pernicious
protective and prohibitive tariff.
The present state of affairs has been made
possible by some men who have affiliated with
our party, betraying the interests of the peo
ple in the very hour when victory seemed in
evitable, by joining heart and hand with the
Republican Party, in aiding and abetting a
continuation of the despotic power of the di
rect representative of the plutocrats—Speak
er Cannon. As a Georgian and a Democrat,
it is with no pleasure I report to you, that
your present Representative actively joined
the great forces of the enemy of this glorious
Southland, and by his action made it possi
ble for the farmer, merchant and wage-earner
to be made to pay tribute to the trusts.
DR. BROUGHTON’S WINE INTOXI
CATED JANITOR.
Atlanta, Ga., January 16. —A ne
gro who claimed to have got his
souse on Dr. Broughton’s communion
wine was in police court yesterday.
“What made you drunk, Dave?’’
asked Recorder Pro Tern. Preston.
“’Twas wine, suh. I wuks fur Dr.
Broughton at the Tabernacle and me
and some other niggers got some
mighty good communion wine, wot
Dr. Broughton keeps. I guess we
mus’ hab drunk about er gallon ob it
cause we didn’t stop until it was all
gone.’’
He was fined $15.75 or sentenced
thirty days in the stockade.
Write to The Jeffersonians, Thom
son, Ga., about their $lO bonds.
You can not find a safer and more
profitable investment,
Alas, alas! Little Philander C. Knox’s
dream of being a world-power is again rudely
shaken. The wretched blun-
Poor Phil!
by the polite turn-down given his proposal
for the “neutralization” of the ‘Manchurian
Railway by both Japan and Russia. Time
was, when such a proposition might have
been entertained, but the character of Ameri
can diplomacy has changed from a disinter
ested desire for benevolent ends, to sheer ras
cality for the sake of American capital. Mr.
Knox’s clumsy, diverting efforts to grab pie
for his bosses has resulted in getting his
fingers severely rapped. As a diplomat, the
The issues of the present campaign are
many. The campfires of the people are burn
ing from one end of this country to the other.
The next Congress will be made up of the
stalwart manhood of the Union, sincerely
pledged to the interests of the people, and
unflinchingly and relentlessly against all
combinations and trusts.
The honest men of both parties readily ad--
mit the exorbitant cost of the necessaries of
life must be reduced, or some of the enormous
profits of the employer must be added to the
wage-scale.
Protest must be entered by some one at the
outrageous graft in the Federal Pensions Roll.
which amounts to the enormous sum of one
hundred and sixty-one millions of dollars,
about forty millions of which is paid by the
people of the South. It is authentically re
ported that one Federal pensioner dies every
fourteen minutes, and yet there is an increase
in the appropriations for pensions from 1908
to 1910 of TWENTY-THREE MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS.
It is high time for some one to champion
the cause of Southern agricultural advance
ment and rural betterment. Millions of dol
lars are annually poured into the laps of
Western farmers in the irrigation of arid
lands: these lands produce five times as much
as ordinary Southern farm lands; and the
Western farmer of these lands can calculate
with mathematical certainty as to produc
tion ; this discrimination should be no longer
tolerated by Southern Congressmen, and like
appropriations should be demanded of this
Government for the reclamation of Southern
swamp lands, and bottom lands.
Appropriations are freely made for the im
provement of the navigable and unnavigable
waterways of the country, and not one dollar
is being expended upon the improvement of
our highways. This Government should aid
the several counties of the different States,
apportioned according to population, in
building permanent good roads along the dif
ferent rural delivery routes of the country.
. Jeffersonian Club News
ALABAMA CLUB No. 14.
A meeting was called by Messrs. G.
W. Morris, W. D. Wikle, and R. E.
Smith, to be held at the City Hall,
Attalla, Ala., on Friday night, Jan
uary 14th, for the purpose of organ
izing a Jeffersonian Club. Enthusi
astic speeches were made, endorsing
the movement. Mr. R. E. Smith was
elected president, and Mr. W. D.
Wikle secretary. This club will prob
ably be the starting point for a num
ber of other clubs in Alabama.
In his report of the meeting the
Secretary says: “We expect to do a
good year’s work, our combined pur
pose being to place literature in the
Dbt 3affersonlan.
der he made in South Ameri
can affairs has been followed
hands of the people, that they may
read and learn; also to get new
members to our club, secure new
subscribers to the Jeffersonians, and
in every honorable way promote the
cause of reform.’’
YOU CAN SAVE $26.00.
Os course we are all interested in
saving money. It is natural that you
should want to save all you can on
anything you buy, but at the same
time you want something that is
good.
Take, for instance, buggies—(aren’t
you interested in saving $26.00 on
your next buggy? Now, we can sell
you a top buggy that is fully guar
anteed and is the equal of the one
your dealer would ask $75.00 for.
Our five-color catalog of 106 pages
legendary bull in a China shop is but a mild
counterpart of Philander in the house of
statesmen.
Rumor has it in European capitals that an
agreement concerning their respective arma
ments has been reached be-
An Anglo-
German
Treaty?
tive meeting of the monarchs
of the two countries, perhaps at the instance
of the new King of Belgium, lends color to
the idea that some sort of agreement is pend
ing in the interests of peace.
The deficiency in the postal revenue should
be met by taking away from the express com
panies the right of competition with the pos
tal service in handling packages under five
pounds. The people thus procuring better
service, and at the same time placing the pos
tal department on a self-sustaining basis;
saving to the people about thirty millions of
dollars, annually.
The South and West should heartily co
operate in the enactment of the income tax.
It is our onlv salvation to balance the scale
between the tax-burdened South and those of
the Eastern and New England States, who
gather their millions in profits by virtue of
the protection accorded them under Republi
can rule by high and prohibitive tariff.
This Government must raise the standard
of citizenship for the immigrant. Evidence
of good character, and educational qualifica
tions and health should precede his admission
to this country. lam unalterably opposed to
that policy which brings into this country
thousands upon thousands of worthless arid
undeserving foreigners for the selfish pur
pose of placing them in competition with the
honest and patriotic toilers of our own land.
The Ship Subsidy proposition is simply a
polite way of putting the word “graft.” It
is as preposterous as the “forty acres of land
and a mule” for the free “nigger.”
With much pleasure, I look forward to
meeting you face to face and publicly dis
cussing with you the causes which I espouse,
and if you should, after honoring me with
your presence at these discussions, conclude I
do not represent your views, I shall expect
nothing but your disapproval of my candi
dacv at the ballot-box.
Most respectfully yours,
William Schley Howard
Decatur, Ga., January 24,1910.
fully describes our 150 styles of bug
gies and wagons, on any of which we
can save you from $20.00 to $40.00.
The plan of selling direct from
factory to user is saving more money
for farmers today than any other one
thing. When buying from your
dealer you are not only paying his
profit, which is necessarily large, but
you add the jobber and factory profit
as well. We sell you with only one
profit, and on account of the large
number we manufacture and sell, as
well as our facilities, we are enabled
to give you high-class, dependable
goods at a very reasonable profit, in
fact a profit smaller than most
houses could do business on. If you
contemplate buying a buggy it will
pay you to see our catalog. Just
drop a line to Golden Eagle Buggy
Co., Station 1, Atlanta, Ga. Also
please mention where you saw this
notice.
tween Germany and England.
This is’ of the “too good to be
true” variety, but the prospec-
PAGE FIVE