How foolish then to continue to talk as some
are even now doing, about inexhaustible sup
plies of timber in our forests. How worse
than foolish to reply to the call to conserve
our forests, “I am an optimist,” as a
certain man of note did reply recently. We
are beginning to learn what Europe long ago
learned by bitter experience, that trees are
a crop to be replenished, not enemies to be
gotten rid of.
The American farmer is guilty of a foolish
optimism when he gives no care to the main
tenance of soil fertility. There is no soil that,
without proper care, is inexhaustible in its
fertility. This spirit is a foolish, even crimi
nal, optimism. To talk of inexhaustible re
sources in the soil or anything else, is to for
get all the lessons of the past.
Some base their optimism on a religious
basis. They say that the Creator surely would
not .allow our material resources to vanish.
Instead of being a reasonable trust in an over
ruling providence the kind of optimism we
are condemning is precisely the reverse. It is
almost a blasphemous sort of cant and drivel
to say that we can waste, misuse, the re
sources of nature and trust in the Author of
nature to take care of us. The gifts of nature
were not given us for abuse, but for careful
conservation.
The Creator surely did not arrest the decay
of some of the ancient civilizations, which
wasted their natural resources. Some of the
greatest of ancient nations almost vanished
from the earth, because of a failure to con
serve the resources of forest and soil.
But some will say that with America, it is
different. We are more advanced, more re
sourceful. Well, it is to be hoped so. If we
are indeed of a higher order it will appear
in the way we care for the wonderful resources
of this great country. But whatever our
virtues are as compared with other nations,
past and present, it can not be said, it is
feared, that we are superior to many in the
matter of a careful use of nature’s gifts.
Isn’t it a fact that as a nation we are the most
wasteful in the whole world? And if we do
not change our methods is there any reason
why we should not reap the dire reward nature
has affixed to the misuse of her gifts?
In the matter of our forests, the facts are
that we are using five times as much wood
for all purposes as are the Europeans, and
that we are at the same time doing less than
the Europeans to replace the trees destroyed.
Every effort to conserve our present forests
and to add to them is met with most pow
erful opposition.
The conservation of soil fertility is of equal,
or greater, importance. The two things go
together really, as nothing conduces more to
soil waste than the destruction of our forests.
We have a wonderful heritage in our rich
soil, but to throw it away is the easiest thing
imaginable. In fact it is absolutely certain
that we are throwing it away if we are not
intelligently doing all wa can to enrich our
soil.
Every obligation of patriotism, of love for
(turn children arid w species, every sentiment
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of honor, impress the obligation to hand down
to posterity the material resources of our
great country unimpaired.
How much better is honest, intelligent,
courageous effort in this direction than the
spirit we have called “a foolish optimism.”—
Farmers’ Advocate.
CO-OPERATION.
The greatest need of the modern farmer,
and particularly of a member of the Farmers
Union, is a through understanding of the
word co-operation. By co-operation is not
meant a mere working together as members
of a union, but there is a deeper meaning to
the word, whose significance must be appre
ciated in order that the proper results may
be obtained by the farmer and those depend
ent upon him.
The greatest results in the world are to
be obtained from proper co-operation. The
farmer must feel that his efforts in life are
not for himself alone, but for his family, and
often for his neighbor, who looks up to him
for advice and help. As an example of the
results of co-operation, some of the greatest
industries of the United States can be pointed
out as the outgrowth of small beginnings in
co-operative effort. The system of co-operation
is being largely adopted by many of the great
industries of today, and the benefits are given
not only to those whose money is invested,
but to the employees as well. In this manner
many large concerns make an annual division
of profits to their employees in order to
encourage them in good work and make them,
feel that their co-operative efforts are a part
of the business, and they should profit thereby.
Co-operation always wins in the long run,
but should be directed on common sense and
business principles. Co-operation such as has
caused the great tobacco war in Kentucky is
carrying things to an extreme, and cannot be
advised for ordinary, every-day efforts. The
farmers of Kentucky have been brought to
this extreme by the conditions which have
confronted them and the struggle has been
bitter.
Thorough co-operation among farmers in
conducting their business, their social relations
and educational work is bound to result in
material benefits to all concerned. —Ex.
Don’t become impatient because the Farm
ers’ Union has not yet established a perfect
system of marketing. It took years to build
up the great gambling system which now con
trols prices and as perfect as it is in its power
to rob the producer, the Farmers’ Union has
made inroads against it the past four years
which have amazed the world. Don’t fret
because you have not overthrown the system.
You are building much more rapidly than
your enemy and much more solidly,
for he built upon greed and plunder, while
you are building upon “justice, equity and
the golden rule. —Exchange.
TV DAnnV cured; quick relief; removes al! swell-
II B< 11 Uw V Id? in Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects
AJiIVjL vJ * permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, teatinjpniala and free trial treatment, write
OR. H. HTgRBeKPS SONS. Bom K, Atlanta, Ga.
A GEORGIA VOLUNTEER.
(A Memorial Day Recitation.)
Far up the lonely mountain side
My wandering footsteps led;
The moss lay thick beneath my feet,
The pine sighed overhead.
The trace of a dismantled fort
Lay in the forest nave,
And in the shadow near my path
I saw a soldier’s grave.
The bramble wrestled with the weed
Upon the lowly mound:
The simple head-board, rudely writ.
Had rotted to the ground;
I raised it with a reverent hand,
From dust its words to clear,
But time had blotted all but these —
A “Georgia Volunteer!”
I heard the Shenandoah roll
Along the v<le below,
I saw the Alleghenies rise
Toward the realms of snow.
The “Valley Campaign” rose to mind—*•
Its leader’s name —and then
I knew the sleeper had been one
Os Stonewall Jackson’s men.
Yet whence he fame, what lip shall say—
Whose tongue will ever tell
W hat desolated hearths and hearts
Have been because he fell?
What sad-eyed maiden braids her hair —■
Her hair which he held dear?—
One lock of which, perchance, lies with
The Georgia Volunteer!
What mother, with long watching eyes
And white lips cold and dumb,
AV aits with appalling pa tience for
Iler darling boy to come?
Her boy! whose mountain grave swells up
But one of many a scar
Cut on the face of our fair land
By gory-handed war.
What fights he fought, what wounds he wore,
Are all unknown to fame;
Remember, on his lonely grave
There is not e’en a name!
That he fought well and bravely, too,
And held his country dear
We know, else he had never been
A Georgia Volunteer.
He sleeps—what need to question now
If he were wrong or right?
He knows ere this whose cause was just
In God the Father’s sight.
He wields no warlike weapons now.
Returns no foeman’s thrust—
Who but a coward would revile
An honest soldier’s dust?
Roll, Shenandoah, proudly roll,
Adown thy rocky glen,
Above thee lies the grave of one
Os Stonewall Jackson’s men.
Beneath the cedar and the pine,
In solitude austere,
Unknown, unnamed, forgotten, lies
A Georgia, Volunteer.
—Mary Ashley Townsend.
PAGE SEVEN