sneers at “the masses”. Their only crime is
in being indifferent to their own welfare, and
unconscious of their power. At heart, they
are clean and kind and brave with the great
bravery that seeks no applause. They are
worth fighting for, they are worth while, they
will one day come into their own.
I he first snappy days of fall proclaim their
presence not only by the crispness of the air,
Screen
the Grate.
stars into a deeper, darker
heaven—but, alas! one would know that au
tumn had come from the daily report of open
grate horrors. How many of the aged and
feeble, how many toddling babes are offered
lip annually to the flames by reason of the
indifference of the South to unscreened grate
fires would make appalling statistics. The
story is nearly always the same, and the need
lessness of such tragedies is precisely the
same as the untimely deaths due to the “didn’t
know it was loaded” affairs. The mother
leaves the room a moment, and the baby
creeps within reach of the licking flames, or
falls upon the blazing coals; or the woman
goes too near, and her clothing is ignited; or
the paralytic totters too close, and is slowly
roasted before help comes. Not one of these
terrible accidents but could be prevented by.
placing a simple, cheap metal fence around
the grate. The use of these would relieve the
THIS “LOCAL” REFUSES TO BE
GAGGED.
Dear Sir: —Will you be so kind as
to publish the following:
Resolved, by Stapleton Local Union
No. 1631, Jefferson Co., Ga., That we
are unanimously opposed to sending
representatives to the meetings of any
organization that will not seat an ac
tual farmer.
Resolved further, That we ask our
officers, State and National, to retain
legal counsel only whose character is
beyond suspicion.
Done in session November 13,
1909.
J. F. CARSWELL, Pres.
G. T. Hadden, Secretary.
Avera, Ga., Nov. 15, 1909.
“IT IS YOUR MOVE.”
To the Jeffersonians:
The trusts move in mysterious
ways, sometimes, their work to per
form. That “eternal vigilance is the
price of liberty” is plainer and more
in evidence today than when first
uttered is self-evident. In a republic,
each citizen is, in theory, and more
or less in fact, a part of the govern
ing force through and by the ballot
and moral influences; therefore, it is
incumbent upon each, through organ
ized or individual effort, to do his
or her part in making known to our
fellow citizens, on important occa
sions and from time to time, the
causes creating a demand for action
in the public welfare, to the end that
those agreeing to the truth and jus
tice of such course may be induced to
act in harmony therewith for the
general good. The money trust, the
parent of all trusts, is scheming to
make way with the remainder of the
people’s now interest-bearing money,
and subsitute for it the double in- .
terest-bearing bank-note, to be fur
nished through a centralized banking
institution that will give complete
control over the finances of the coun
try and thereby give us inflation or
contraction at their pleasure.
The National Monetary League, of
the thin veil of silvery frost
thrown over the morning world
and the nightly recession of -the
mother or nurse of one source of continual
anxiety, as well as avoiding one fruitful
source of fires by keeping hot coals and
chunks of wood from tumbling from the
grate upon some combustible surface.
By all means, put guards around the
grates! A little trouble and expense now
will save to many a home this winter its price
less treasure, and the unspeakable anguish
and self-blame which must come where one
has lost a child by failing to do some simple
thing that could so easily have been done, if
one had only taken the trouble in time.
Sheriff Shipp, of Chattanooga, and five
good men are under jail sentences for failing
Denver, Colorado, which stands for
honest money, justice and a square
deal, and imbued with some of that
“eternal vigilance”, got busy and has
been sending out warnings to the
people of the country in the way of
a petition for signers, as a protest
against any further contraction or
destruction of our legal money. Be
ing one of the recipients of a copy
of this petition, I took the matter up
with some several newspapers that I
supposed to be friendly to the masses
of the people, but from some cause,
better known to themselves, and a
few others, than to the masses of
the people, I have failed to make
much headway in that direction.
Then I took the subject up with our
United States Senators for an ex
pression from them, and they re
sponded promptly and in unmistak
able terms, as the following replies
will show:
“Jacksonville, Fla., Oct. 29 1909.
“S. J. Crow, Esq.,
Safety Harbor, Fla.
“Dear Sir: —Yours of the 27th has
been received. I have not seen the
petition which you say has been sent
out by the National Monetary League
of Denver, Colorado. I shall, of
course, give careful consideration to
any petition or letter or requests or
protests by the citizens of Florida on
any subject. I would be inclined to
oppose adding to or increasing the
power over our finances of national
banks. I will be glad to hear from
you on this or any other subject at
any time. With kind regards,
“Yours very truly,
“D. U. FLETCHER, U. S. S.”
“Jacksonville, Fla., Oct. 29, 1909.
“Mr. S. J. Crow,
Safety Harbor, Fla.
“My Dear Mr. Crow:—Yours of the
27th instant, calling attention to the
petition of the National Monetary
League, anticipating that the Finance
Commission recently appointed by
Congress will recommend radical
changes in the monetary system of
the country, has been received. I
agree with you that there should be
no contraction of the money supply
belo wthe actual needs of the coun
try, and, certainly, that nothing
should be done to enable the nation
al banks to control the money of the
3efftrsonl<xit
They Must
Not Serve
Sentence !
lived long enough to be dragged through the
unspeakable degradation of a trial, but died
soon after of broken heart and of shame.
If Shipp can be made to serve for ninety
days, what will hinder any sheriff from be
ing made to serve years? The precedent is
perilous, fraught with consequences of the
utmost gravity.
There is not one woman or girl in the South
who is safe from such an outrage as ruined
the girl at Chattanooga. There is not one
who would not rather die than submit her
wrongs to the morbid curiosity of a court-
to fire upon the white citizens
of Chattanooga w T ho came to
lynch the brute who outraged
and killed an innocent young
white girl. The poor victim
country. I do not know what the
Commission will propose, or if, in
deed, any change will be under
taken in the coming session of
Congress, but whatever is pro
posed or done, my position will be
opposed to any further extension of
the powers or privileges of the na
tional banks. I would like to see a
financial system so sound as to make
even the fear of a panic impossible.
Any petition which you or your
friends may send me on this or any
other subject shall always receive
careful consideration. With kind re
gards,
“Very truly yours,
“JAMES P. TALIAFERRO.”
Now, Mr. Florida Cracker, there
you have it. Those United States
Senators speak in plain English and
tell me that they agree with me on
this money subject, that I have been
trying my utmost to get to put be
fore you, but from the smallness of
some of our Florida papers, it was no
go.
To make it more plain, will say
that I sent a petition, followed by an
appeal to the masses of the people
of Florida, to the Florida Fruit and
Produce News, of Tampa,—the organ
of the Citrus Fruit Growers Exchange
—and they promptly returned it,
with this reply;
“October 24, 1909.
“Mr. S. J. Crow,
Safety Harbor, Fla.
“Dear Sir: —Acknowledging re
ceipt of your favor of even date, en
closing an article for publication, beg
to say that it is not consistent for us
to take up this matter just now. We
recognize the fact that the subject is
one of vast importance to the general
public, but our paper is small and we
are devoting our space, just now, ex
clusively to the interest of the Citrus
fruit-grower and trucker. For this
reason it will be impossible to go into
a discussion of the subject you pro
pose.
Very truly yours,
THE FLORIDA FRUIT AND PRO
DUCE NEWS.”
Now, I want to say that when I
sent that article to this paper, I felt
that the fruit-growers and truckers
were a part of the general public; in
room. Must we go farther and see the sen
tences imposed by State courts upon these ne
gro brutes hindered and delayed, and our
State officers thrown into prison if they don’t
give their own lives in “protection” of the
black rapist?
The decision against the Standard Oil
Company in the Federal Circuit Court at St.
Paul, in which it, in brief,
The Standard
Oil
“Dissolved”.
law is probably another one of those broom
straws with which the elephant is to be
spanked. The decision imposes no especial
hardship upon the Standard Oil, in that it
merely directs that the Standard Oil can not
hold controlling stock in subsidiary com
panies, but this stock is to be distributed pro
rata among the Standard Oil stockholders, —
which gives it simply to the Trust. There is
no penalty about it, and the corporation is so
rich and so entrenched that these mild legal
passes against it are of very slight avail. If
the States would enforce their own anti-trust
laws, and simply shut out offending foreign
monopolies, as Texas is trying to do, the re
sult would be far more effective than these
spectacular government suits, droning on for
years, consuming great outlay in prosecution,
and resulting in no public relief from trust
evils.
fact, tbe main reason that I selected
t 1 at. paper was that I wanted to
reach the main producers of the State,
thereby doing the greatest good to the
greatest number. But the editor don’t
seem to see it that way. He thinks
it would be of vast importance to the
general public, but the News is run
exclusively in the interest of the
Citrus fruit-growers and truckers.
So, they are a class to themselves,
aside from the general public. Will
that make them immune from the
trusts? If it does, I would like for
the News to explain how it does, and
if it is plausible, we will all unite with
that class and just let the trusts and
commission men have general public.
It is true that the News is young yet,
and may grow as it gets older, if
well nourished by its parents, and is
an obedient child. Poor little thing!
Only sixteen pages, four columns to
the page, and too diminutive to pub
lish what it admits would be of vast
importance to the general public.
Now, Messrs. Fruit-Growers,
Truckers and Producers, if it is not
money you are looking for, just sleep
on and you will see when it is too
late that you had as well looked after
your money crop and liberties that
are slipping from you day by day.
Those petitions call upon you for aid,
and our United States Senators so
licit your requests and protests on
this or any other subject. Will you
act? It is your move, sleepy-head.
Respectfully,
S. J. CROW.
Safety Harbor, Fla.
ADDITIONAL CAMPAIGN CONTRI
BUTIONS.
E. D. Daniel, La Grange, Ga. . .$1.20
C. E. McKinnon, De Funiak
Springs, Fla 5.25
John R. Winstead, Waldrip,
Texas 25
Magazines and papers listed in our
clubs may be sent to different ad
dresses, if desired.
held that the company
should be dissolved as hav
ing violated the provisions
of the Sherman Anti-Trust
PAGE FIVE