PAGE EIGHT
0l)e 3effersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second class mall matter
ATLANTA, GA., MARCH 25, 1909.
Another Tool Decision.
The annual increase of wealth in these
United States is pht at three thousand millions
of dollars.
It requires all the labor of all the people
to produce this yearly increase.
And it amounts to only three per cent. Toil
as they may in mines, and mills and fields and
forests, the millions of workers can do no
more than pile up a clear gain of 3 per cent on
the sum total of the wealth we already had.
Yet a fool judge in Missouri has annulled a
law of that sovereign State upon the ground
that the statute in question did not allow
railroad corporations to earn a net profit of 6
per cent.
This judicial servant of incorporated capital
gravely holds that the property of the rail
roads is confiscated, when rates are lowered
by law to such a point that a net increase of
six per cent profits cannot be gained.
The law which the Federal Judge annulled
does not strike at the title by which the rail
roads hold their property. Nor does it inter
fere with the possession. The real estate and
the personalty were left intact; not a single
foot of the right-of-way was molested; not a
locomotive, car or building was touched. Yet
a Court, presumed to be sane, arrogantly nul
lifies a State law, on the ground that it con
fiscates the property of the corporation, be
cause, under the operation of the law', the rail
road cannot earn DOUBLE THE AMOUNT
OF THE AVERAGE ANNUAL INCREASE
OF WEALTH.
Such a decision shocks common sense. Be
sides, it is a gross perversion of the true intent
and meaning of the law. When the rebellious
barons forced upon King John, at Runny
mede, the stipulation that no free man should
be disseized or deprived of bis liberty without
due process of law, even the simple knew
what was meant. This security of estate and
of personal liberty has found its way into
every succeeding Bill of Rights. The radicals
who inserted the principle into the 14th
Amendment to the Federal Constitution meant
to do no more than the barons meant to do
when they framed Magna Charta. The pur
pose was to guard against arbitrary forfeiture
of estates, arbitrary seizures of personal prop
erty, lawless deprivations suffered by the weak
at the hands of the strong.
The question of profits on the property did
not enter into the matter, in any way what
soever. Title and possession were the rights
sought to be preserved. Security of ownership
and peaceable enjoyment were the sole objects
aimed at.
Such a thing as holding that any act of a
legislative body confiscated the estate, BE
CAUSE PROFITS WERE LESSENED OR
ELIMINATED, was an unheard of proposi
tion prior to the corrupt age in which cor
poration lawyers graduate into Federal Judges.
Any legislation which prevents the citizen,
natural or artificial, from earning reasonable
profits upon actual investments, is unwise, un
just legislation which should be repeale 1. But
such laws do not confiscate the property,—
Tsl)e.
for the simple reason that they do not forfeit
title or interfere with possession.
The Tariff laws make it utterly impossible
for the farmers, as a class, to clear any net
profits on their property. The official reports
prove this. But the Tariff laws are not “Con
fiscatory,” they leave the farmer in peaceable
possession, with title unimpaired.
* >
Hobson Ought To "Be Retired.
The Jeffersonian earnestly hopes that Rich
mond Pearson Hobson will not be returned
to Congress from Alabama. He ought to
leave the South, move to Pennsylvania, turn
Republican, and represent the Steel Trust the
balance of his life. His speeches and his votes
since he has been a member of Congress, have
been anti-Southern, undemocratic and utterly
vicious.
His eternal yawp about “war with Japan”
helps the Steel Trust and the fanatics of mili
tarism to get more big battle-ships for our
needlessly large and costly navy.
His speeches and votes to increase the
salaries and expenses of the Federal Govern
ment show an absolute disregard of the in
terests of the common people who pay the
taxes.
Finally, his latest performance in Congress,
—taking the side of Standard Oil Foraker and
the negro soldiers who shot up Brownsville,
Texas, —is a wanton insult to the South, and
a discreditable truckling to the professional
nigger-champions of the North.
Giving Hobson credit for honesty and sin
cerity, it is clear that he is unfited to repre
sent a Southern democratic constituency. He
should move to Pennsylvania and become a
Congressman for the Steel Trust.
w n *.
As To The Treaty Polvers.
At the time the Jeffersonian took issue with
Mr. Roosevelt on the matter of the exclusion
of Japanese children from the white schools
in California, we did not recall that the Su
preme Court of the United States had decided
the question. We felt so sure of the soundness
of our view, that we had no hesitation in con
tending that it was absurd for the President
to claim that he and the Senate could by
treaty, give to the Japs such privileges as
would deprive a State of its sovereign right to
regulate its domestic affairs. We find, how
ever, that the Supreme Court of the United
States has passed upon the question, and has
decided as we contended.
By the Burlingame treaty of 1868, the Chi
nese were granted the same privileges and
immunities in the Unitd States as are enjoyed
by “the subjects of the most favored nation.”
That is, the President and the Senate guaran
teed to China that her subjects should enjoy
in this country equal rights with the French,
the English, the Irish, and the Germans.
But, in 1888. Congress, passed the Chinese
exclusion act. This law was, of course, an
tagonistic to the Burlingame treaty. It de
prived the Chinese of the rights and privileges
which the President and the Senate had for
mally and solemnly pledged to them.
The Supreme Court held that the right to
keep foreigners out of the country is an at
tribute of sovereignty which cannot be taken
away from the people by any treaty.
Now, if a mere Act of Congress, made in
pursuance of the Constitution, can annul a
Treaty, it must be evident to all that sovereign
rights, inherent in the States and never sur
rendered by them, cannot be destroyed by a
Treaty.
The Chief Executive and one of the Legisla
tive branches of the Government cannot so use
the powers invested in them by the Constitu
tion as to make a law which overrides the
Constitution
Themselves subordinate to the Constitu
tion, they are unable to clothe foreign nations
with the legal right to trample upon the Con
stitution, OR TO DEPRIVE THE NATION,
OR ANY STATE, OF SOVEREIGN PRE
ROGATIVES.
U H H
What The Ship Subsidy Means.
Inasmuch as Mr. Taft commits himself to
the Ship Subsidy and will urge that measure
upon Congress again, it would be well for our
people to keep the matter in mind, and write
to their Representatives and Senators about it,
occasionally. If this is not done, the vicious
measure will become a law while the people
sleep.
The specious plea for paying ship-owners
to operate their own vessels, is that foreigners
have captured our ocean-going commerce.
“Let us build up an American merchant ma
rine!” cry the ship-subsidy crowd. Well, —
what’s the matter with us, that foreigners
beat us on the high seas? Why have we no
merchant marine?
Simply because we refuse to let an Ameri
can citizen buy his ship wherever he can buy
it cheapest. We compel him to build his vessel
in this country where he is “held up” by the
Steel Trust, the Lumber Trust, the Lead and
Oil Trusts, and other monopolies that charge
extortionate prices for articles entering into
the construction of ships. If the ship is not
built in this country, the protection of our flag
is denied to it.
Now, a child ought to be able to understand
how to deal, naturally, with a situation like
that.
(1) We should allow an American to have
the protection of his country’s flag when he
buys a ship, no matter where the ship was
built. There is no more sense in outlawing a
ship bought from England than there would
be in outlawing a Jersey bull bought from
England. The principle is the same in each
case.
(2) If Congress is so patriotically earnest
in its desire for an American merchant-ma
rine, let Congress put on the Free List the
actual materials used in building the vessel.
Let the law declare that no tariff duties shall
be collected on steel, lumber, etc., when such
materials are used in the construction of a
ship. Or, let the ship-builder who has ac
tually paid the duties on his materials have a
draw-back to that amount, when he can prove
that the imported materials were, in fact, used
in shipbuilding.
Either of these plans would answer the pur
pose of re-creating the American merchant
marine. Neither of the plans suggested would
tax the country one cent.
How did Congress propose to encourage
American ship-building, in the Subsidy bill
which Hobson and the other Republicans
voted for ?
The proposition was to establish five lines
of ocean steamers to carry mail to South
America and the Orient, and to pay these lines
enormously more than we are now paying
foreign vessels for the same service.
In order that mail may go to foreign coun
tries, under the Stars and Stripes rather than
under the Union Jack or the Black Eagle, the
taxpayers were to offer a bonus of $80,000,000
(covering ten years), to American lines to
carry the same mail, on smaller and slower
vessels!
On three of the new lines that were to be
established, we were to pay American ship
owners the sum of $2,274,000 for a service
which now costs us SIBO,OOO per year.
1 he difference—s2,o94,ooo —was to be taken
from the national treasury and given to the
American ship-owners.
Under the Ship-Subsidy bill as offered, the
cost of each trip, on each line, would have been
from $23,000 to $35,000. Those who are now
carrying this mail, on competitive contracts,
get no more than that for th<? service during
the entire year,