PAGE TWELVE
How’s This, Dr. Broughton?
(concluded from page one)
other man, to have damaged you as much as
you have damaged yourself by that compro
mising admission.
What will the Baptist clergy think of yon,
Doctor? What will the intelligent laymen
think? What will the missionary enthusi
asts think?
In your original outbreak in the Atlanta
papers, you as good as said that you had been
keeping up with my discussion of mission
practices, but had felt no particular concern
about'the matter, until I hopped on you. I
did not criticise you then, for we all know
that reporters often misunderstand, and that
in conversation loose expressions are often
made.
But your letter to Rev. Scarboro was an
act of cool deliberation: and in that letter
you have taken the same position that you
took in your newspaper shouts.
Thus, you have gone on record twice as
saying, virtually, that you are willing to de
bate Foreign Missions with a man who
wronged YOU. but you will not meet a man
whose only offense is that he wrongfully at
tacks foreign mission methods.
In other words, you don't care enough
about the cause of Christ, as represented in
Foreign Missions, to defend it against un
just criticism, unless you are personally as-
in the same connection? _
Heavens above! That's awful.
From Dr. Broughton's point of view, such
men as Scarboro and I have been doing a
great wrong to the foreign missionaries, to
the America,!) Boards, to the American
churches, apd to the cause of Jesus Christ.
Nevertheless, the Doctor was not at all in
terested until a wrong was done to himself.
personally.
Hammer the foreign missionaries as hard
as you please, but don't you “tech" Brough
ton. Go after churches and boards as often
as you like, but don't you bother Broughton.
Obstruct the progress of Christ if you must,
but don't you anger Broughton.
I wonder what Weary W. Upshaw will sav
and write, when he learns of this utterly fresh
“break” of the Pulpit Editor of the non
religious Golden Age.
To My Friends in the Farmers 9
Union
Some of you are so disgusted with John
Lee and the three crooks, whom he is defend
ing “behind closed doors", that you have quit
paying your dues. You are ashamed of the
cowardly leaders who hide, when a responsi
ble man publicly brings serious charges
against them.
Your feeling is natural: but do not let it
lead you into hurting the Union. We need
an organization of that kind, and yours has
made a good start. Don’t antagonize the
Union: confine your resentment to the wrong
doers.
Aim all your efforts in the direction of:—
(1) The election of a President whom all
Georgians can trust and respect;
(2) A business-like examination into
Union City enterprises:
(3) The formulation of a platform, set
ting forth the remedial legislation which you
demand of Congress.
John Lee says that our laws are all right.
The longer you keep an ignoramus of that
kind at your head, the longer you will stum
ble about, in the dark.
The National Grange has its platform of
political principles. The magnificent Farm
ers’ Congress which met in Raleigh, North
Carolina, last year, put forth a fine declara
tion of faith on matters of national political
importance.
The reason why the Farmers’ Union has not
Jeffersonian
developed any considerable and general en
thusiasm and following is, that the leaders
hai'U'not said what they want the Federal
Government to do for the good of the country.
As yet, the Union has not gained the great
substantial middle-class. With the John
Lees, Duckworths, Bodenhamers, and some
of the lecturers whom you send out, you 'never
will win the middle-class proprietors whose
support is necessary to your success.
Think of these matters; confer and corre
spond among yourselves: and prepare to un
horse the crooks, at vour next Convention.
Work for the Jefferson Clubs
Why couldn’t each of these independent
groups become a Home Mission Society?
The members need not antagonize the pre
vailing methods of conducting foreign mis
sion work. Each member should be left free
to act as he himself thinks best about that.
But I can see how the Clubs could do
splendid work in the Home Missions field.
In many instances the poor are neglected
because their condition is not known. Many
a sick person would get immediate attention,
-if some one would report the facts to the com
munity. Many a bright boy and girl whose
parents are not able to send them to school,
would receive assistance, were the cases
brought to the notice of the right people.
Is there not a broad field here for the Jef
ferson Clubs?
The Man of Macedonia
For some months, the papers had been
more or less full of missionary Racket: and a
frequent veil was •‘about the man of Mace
donia". "Come over and help us!" was what
the foreign mb-'fionaries were saying that the
man of Macedonia was. saving.
As I hone tlv understood the matter, the
man of Macedonia (the heathen) was crying
for help, and the missionaries were passing it
along to us.
Therefore. I wrote a piece or two, explain
ing that the man of Macedonia (the heathen)
was already having the time of his life at
your expense. I had in mind the free food,
clothing, medicine, surgery, doctoring, music
lessons, trained nurses, comfortable kinder
gartens. orphans' homes, widows' homes,
boarding-schools, thousand-dollar chimes,
tooth-plugging (and we furnish the gold to
fill their rotten teeth) and African relatives,
paid good prices for Dear Little Doras who
are clothed, fed, lodged, and educated at your
expense.
Now, the foreign missionaries have not rel
ished my exposures, at all. They are roaring
at me, from all directions. The S. J. Crump
ton booklet is on its travels again. Every
big gun at the laymen’s conventions takes a
shot at me.
But it was left to Rev. A. R. Moore, of
Birmingham, Alabama, to finish me. He did
it from his pulpit, Sunday before last. He
did it by making the remarkable “point" that
the man of Macedonia was a woman.
Well, now, I just do
If Rev. A. R. Moore had told me that, at
the beginning—but this is where I have a
spell of nervous prostration.
The Pastor of the Capitol Avenue
Church
Wrote me a bitter and disgusting letter,
about that financial report, which I had de
scribed as a disgrace to the Capitol Avenue
Church.
Tn my reply, I gave him permission to pub
lish the letter, and I asked him for the lib
erty to publish his.
He did not answer. Consequently, it would
not be proper, for me to let you see what a
very angry and disgusting missive, he wrote
me.
Two Bank-Wreckers
(concluded from page nine)
at length been successfully closed out, the de
positors have received only 55 per cent, of
their money. The stockholders will not get a
cent. The depositors will be lucky if they
receive 75 per cent, of the principal, which
they had in the bank.
After more than two years, we have got a
trifle more than half our deposits, while the
stockholders lost SIOO,OOO. The Cuban specu
lation made a profit of $200,000, out of which
must come fees for receivers, fees for lawyers,
and other costs of management.
I doubt if there will be a net profit of
SIOO,OOO on the speculation. As the matter
now stands, the depositors are out of pocket
more than half a million dollars, and the
stockholders, SIOO,OOO. In other words, in
nocent people to the number of nine thou
sand, lose $600,000 by that unlawful, crimi
nal. felonious misuse of the bank's funds.
Deduct the probable net profit of SIOO,OOO
from the total loss caused by it, and you will
see what a “brilliant success” Ladson’s plunge
was.
But here is the point that I am coming to:
'While the one bank-wrecker. C. IT. Morse,
has been east into the Federal Prison, near
Atlanta, the other bank-wrecker. C. T. Lad
son. Esquire, has never even been indicted.
He remains the attorney of the Farmers'
Union, and holds aloft his high head among
the props of Church and. State. Selah!
Hell-Brew Advertisements
The Baptist Standard is one of the relig
ious papers which enthusiastically indorses
Coca-Cola. After a column of defense of the
tipple, 7’Ae Baptist Standard concludes:
“It is not only harmless, but is genuinely good
to the taste and an aid to digestion.”
To the same effect deposes Weary Willie
Upshaw, in The Golden Age— though I must
do him the justice to say that he denies bit
terly that his periodical is a religious paper.
Its motto of “Piety in the Home'’; its “Pul
pit Editor”; its weekly “Sunday-school Les
son”; and its weekly “Sermon”, (by Brother
Len) must not be taken as evidence that Wil
lie’s aim is to run a paper which is too ut
terly pious to accept some of the filthy stuff,
in payment of questionable ads.
La me! To think how easy it would be for
Willie to become the proud owner of the
Candler Building!
All that is necessary is, that he should re
quest Brother Asa G. to put in writing that
offer to convey his seventeen-story edifice to
Willie, if he (the Weary One.) can find any
thing hurtful in Coca-Cola.
On page 124 of “The North Georgia Year
book” appears a full-page advertisement of
Coca-Cola. This book is published under the
auspices of The North Georgia Conference
of the M. E. Church, South. Bishop Hendrix
is the President of the Conference.
In company with that of the Bishop, ap
pear the names of the most prominent clergy
men of that ecclesiastical division.
Men and brethren! what does it mean ?
Are the religious papers stubbornly shutting
their eyes to-the truth about Coca-Cola?
The Woman’s Christian Temperance
Union classes the Asa Candler stuff with per
nicious drinks.
The United States Government officially
proclaims it as one of the beverages that are
working havoc in this country. There is at
least one of the great railroad systems which
notifies its employees that it will discharge
anv of them who drink Coca-Cola.
The Federal Government suddenly pounced
upon two shipments of the stuff last year:
and reported that cocaine was found in both.
If there is nothing harmful in it. why have
so many young women been made nervous