PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim.
We did not offer any prize for last
week’s letters, but there were so
many good ones that we think we
ought to pick out the best and make
a complimentary prize for it. Next
week we will award the prize for the
funniest joke.
Complimentary Prize.
“Dear Daddy Jim: I am so glad
you let us have a page in your nice
paper. I go to school at Liberty
Hill, and I sure do like to go. My
teacher’s name is Miss Sara Thomp
son. I guess all of you are glad
spring has come. I have a pretty
white calf. His name is Billy. I
can ride him anywhere. I am not
going to sell him for anything. I
am twelve years old, and in the sixth
grade. lam going to try to get some
subscribers for your good paper.
Your little friend, Thomas Watson
Sims, Milner, Ha.”
There is only one thing that Daddy
Jim would criticise, and that is the
phrase “I am going to try”—-not as
a phrase, but as the expression of a
thought in the young writer’s mind.
Tom means, of course, that he will
try. He ought to have said “’will,”
and said it with emphasis.
A Business Letter.
“Please send subscription blanks,
and also state what commission you
pay. Will try to get some subscrib
ers. Also, would like to sell maga
zines for you. Please send me one
dozen of the April number; also send
me instructions as to prices. I am
a little girl, fourteen years old. Papa
takes the Jeffersonian and is a great
admirer of Mr. Watson. If everybody
had been like him, Mr. Watson would
have been president, instead of Mr.
Taft. Verna iSimmons, R. F. D. 5,
Albertville, Ala.” We will send you
the magazines and some papers, and
everything you need to give you a
good start. We hope you will send
us many subscribers and earn some
good money for yourself.
A Little Man’s Letter.
“I am a little boy, living 13 miles
from town. I plow, chop wood, and
feed the horses when grandpa is gone.
I am 13 years old; have black hair
and black eyes. Grandpa takes the
Jeffersonian; he likes it fine. I could
write you a onger letter, but will have
to close, so good-bye. Thomas Gruber,
Baxley, Ga., R. F. D. 2.”
Likes the Letters.
“I am a little boy, ten years old,
and go to school five days in the
week. I like my teacher fine. Her
name is Miss Rassie Watson. Papa
takes your Jeffersonian. I like to
read the letters from the children. I
like to hear papa read your pieces—
he enjoys them so 'well. Percy Spires,
Lincolnton, Ga.
Another From Lincolnton.
“I am a little girl eight years old,
and go to school. My teacher’s name
is Miss Rassie Watson. She lives in
South Carolina. I go to Sunday
school, I have a good Sunday school
teacher. Willie Norma Spires, Lin
colnton, Ga.
Write to Him, Girls.
“I enjoy reading the letters in
yoffr paper. I am a blue-eyed boy,
twelve years old, and go to school. I
grade. I will help on the farm when
school is out. I live twelve miles
from the county seat of Elbert
county. I would like to correspond
with some of the boys and girls.
Clarence Johnson, Middleton, Ga.”
Her First Attempt.
“You can’t imagine how I enjoy
reading the ‘Post Card Club.’ I am
twelve years old, and go to school. I
am in the sixth grade. My teacher’s
name is Miss Sara Thompson. Spring
has come at last, and everything is
so pleasant, and the flowers are so
pretty. I like spring and summer
best of all the seasons. I will elos,
wishing you much success with your
paper, the Jeffersonian. This is my
first attempt to write to this good
paper. lam your little friend, Ruth
Bloodworth, Milner, Ga.”
From a Prize-Winner.
“I was so happy I couldn’t hold
myself still when our paper came and
I saw my letter had won first prize.
Thank you, Daddy Jim. My school
has closed, and mother is teaching
me how to cook and sew, and I have
hours to read and study. I will soon
have another club to send in. Maude
Womack (age 10), R. F. D. 4, Elber
ton, Ga.”
Some More Q’s.
“Dear Daddy Jim: Will come
again to try to win the prize. This
is my third attempt. I am going to
school now. We are going to have a
picnic at the end of our school. Wish
Daddy Jim could be with us. I am
only eight years old, and in the fifth
grade. Will close, with best wishes
to the Jeffersonian. Mayeza Johnson,
Middeton, Ga.”
Please try again—once more. Try
to write more neatly and more plain
ly. Your d’s look just like q’s. It
is very good of a little eight-year-old
girl to try so patiently for the prize,
and we are sure you can win one if
you will take just a little more pains.
Letter of Thanks.
“I have been wanting to write and
thank you for my watch, but I
wanted to send at least one subscrip
tion. So far, I have failed, but will
keep on trying. There are so many
here who take your paper, and the
ones that do not, can’t be influenced
by a boy. Thanking you again for
the watch, and promising to do all I
can for you, I am your friend for
ever, Hansel Baggett, Powder'Springs,
Ga.”
We are going to send a few sample
papers and magazines, and we think
we can show you how to make two or
three dollars a month out of them.
THE OFFICE AND THE MAN.
“The office should seek the man,”
remarked the idealist.
“Perhaps,” answered /Senator Sor
ghum; “Ibut an office doesn’t get
much encouragement in prowling
around seeking anybody. In fact, it
has to roost high to keep from being
grabbed off the perch.”—Washington
Star.
FOR THIS RELIEF, THANKS.
Knieker —“(Roosevelt will deliver
several lectures abroad.”
Booker—“ Abroad? -Thank good-
ness.” —New York Sun.
Jeffersonian
STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
bwHirnU I Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
« SOUTH FORSYTH STREET P D "”? t ’ b -p’'- and
ATLANTA. ■.. GEORGIA ' Wy ‘ hing *" Machi " ery and
I How a Reliable Engine I
I Economizes Labor I
/AF course, you, like other The engines are simple in de- B
(I farmers, want to economize sign so that they can be easily B
your time. understood.
Think in how many places a They are strong and durable — H
I power would be a help to you — constructed with a large factor of H
would save time and work—if you safety, inasmuch as they have ■
had it in a handy form ready for greater strength than would B
use in a minute. ordinarily be required. Yet they ■
Think how much hard work it are not clumsy or too heavy.
would save you in cutting feed — All parts are accessible and B
in sawing wood, posts or poles— easily removed and reassembled.
in running the cream separator Every engine will develop a large B
or churn —in operating shop or per cent of power in excess of its
other machinery. rating —you get more power than
The I. H. C. gasoline engine you pay for.
is a power that is always ready They are absolutely reliable— B
at your hand. It is not neces- you cannot find one inefficient B
sarily stationary, like the wind- detail. They are unusually eco
mill, and on that account adapted nomical in fuel consumption— H
to doing only one kind of work. less than a pint of gasoline pers B
The engine is built in many horse - power per hour. This B
styles —there are portable engines means that a 2-horse power en
on trucks and skidded engines gine will produce full 2-horse
which can be moved wherever power for five hours on only one
the work is to be done. Then gallon of gasoline.
there are stationary engines, both Would it not be a wise plan for
vertical and horizontal, in sizes you to investigate and learn how
from 1 to 25-horse-power, air an I. H. C. engine will save time
cooled and water cooled, and and lighten the labor on your
also gasoline traction engines farm ? " B
12, 15 and 20-horse-power. Be- International local agents will
sides, there are special sawing, supply you with catalogs. Call
spraying and pumping outfits from on them for particulars, or write B
which you can select. the home office.
INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY OF AMERICA II
(Incorporated)
Chicago, U. S. A.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon . Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.