SOME PAGES FROM MY SCRAP ‘BOOK
A GLIMPSE OF BELL BOYD, THE CON
FEDERATE SCOUT AND SPY.
By Capt. Addison R. Titus.
In the following article our good friend,
Capt. Titus, who is now spending the evening
of life at the Dayton, Ohio, Military Home,
gives a most interesting glimpse of the fa
mous Bell Boyd. We regret that the captain
quit so short off, after he went into the house
with Miss Boyd. He must write again and
tell us what happened.
Chaste, honest, sincere, Christian, brave,,
courageous. These words mean a great deal
and are very unpopular subjects to write
about these days, because unknown and
buried in the prevailing element of greed.
Yet we will represent them all by a South
ern lady, who possessed their attributes, who,
in a practical way, defined their meaning.
That lady’s name was Bell Boyd, designated
as the famous Confederate States scout and
spy during ante-bellum days.
To identify the writer will say: He was
born in the then hamlet of Groton, located in
Tompkins county, state of New York, at pre
cisely 4 o’clock p. m. on or during the day of
January 19, A. D. 1835. During the occasion
a counter scale was placed upon the table.
The writer, not very elaborately dressed, was
placed on the scales. The balance bar flew
up, the balance weight moved out until it
struck the four-pound notch. The writer was
not a seven- or ten-pound baby—only a four
pounder. Some of the bystanders smiled and
put the writer into a tin quart cup. The doc
tor, who manipulated the scales, said the
writer, though small, was all right. Mother
and father felt encouraged—fond hopes of the
future gleamed in their eyes.
The writer grew and waxed strong. He
was taken to the steep hills of the Allegheny
mountains, located in Warren county, Penn
sylvania, where he grew to manhood and
could vote for what he thought was right,
without knowing what was right or wrong, as
was natural.
One day the news came that Fort Sumter
was fired upon and our flag trailed in the
dust. It aroused the people, also myself. I
shouldered a musket and rushed to rescue
the flag, and a devil of a time I had rescuing
it. The writer (that’s me) hereafter will
just make the letter I, and let it go at that.
I found it tattered, torn, and dirty. To me
it had no resemblance to our glorious Star
Spangled Banner. It has not been washed,
starched and ironed since. It is, truly, an
awfully dirty old rag, about which fools are
wrangling.
When, with musket on my shoulder, I was
rushing to Fort Sumter, while en route, lo
and behold, a Northern general detailed me,
with my company, from my regiment, and
very promptly ordered us on outpost’ duty
at Kearneysville, W. Va., eight miles south
of Martinsburg, on the Baltimore & Ohio
railroad. I asked him what my duties were
in Kearneysville. He looked at me wither-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ingly, pointed south and said: “Protect Kear
neysville and scour the country for rebels and
report to my headquarters once a week.”
Since then I have learned he made a mis
take —he should have said, “Report to my
hindquarters.” I marched to Kearneysville,
located and pitched our tents, saw my men
comfortably housed, etc., etc., for the night.
Next day a branch of our regiment, sut
ler's department, pitched a large tent near
mine. In the tent they put two beer kegs
and two large wooden spigots. With the
spigots and a mallet they drove in the bung
hole, leaving the spigots in the hole. The
reader can truthfully imagine what happened.
We would sing: “Hang Jeff Davis on a Sour
Apple Tree”; we could whip our weight in
wild cats; take a bull by the tail and swing
him over a ten rail renee. We sang loud and
long. Brave boys wore the gray at their
country’s call, thinking no less of them, but
loving our country the more, we sent them
forth to fight for the flag our fathers before
them bore. Bravely we emptied the beer
kegs. During the week I scoured the country
with a fine tooth comb. Found no flag, not
ev§n a shadow of a rebel. The week rolled
around. I must obey orders by reporting to
the general.
I went to Martinsburg, dined at the Taylor
House, located on the principal business
street. After dining I went onto the side
walk and stood there looking for my general’s
quarters. While looking I saw a lady ap
proaching on the sidewalk, on the opposite
side of the street. Imbued with my Northern
ideas of courtesy to woman, I at once ceased
looking for my general’s quarters, and gazed
intently at the lady.
She was a blonde, with auburn hair, her
countenance expressing a good deal of firm
ness and intelligence; well built and grace
ful in her movements. Her appearance to me
was nearly angelic. She went into a news
and book store, where a lady of her appear
ance would naturally go. I can not tell why,
but I instinctively crossed the street and
went into the book store. Saw her standing
by the counter, looking at some sheets of
music. I do not know why, but I felt de
termined to, in some way, get acquainted
with the lady. In a business-like way I
stepped to the counter and said to the clerk,
“Have you any Bibles?” He laid some Bibles
and Testaments on the counter. The Testa
ments were nicely bound, on the covers were
gilt letters; the leaves were gilt edge. I
pickd up a Testament and asked the price.
The clerk said: “Thirty-five cents.” I threw
a quarter and dime on the counter. With
Testament in hand I approached the lady and
said: “Madam, perhaps you have time to
read. Will you be so kind as to accept a
Testament?” She smiled, took the Testa
ment, and said, “Thank you.” Her smile
was very expressive. Like Abraham Lincoln’s,
like the breaking up of a hard winter; nothing
particularly sweet about it, yet very expres
sive. Lincoln’s smile told his thoughts; the
lady’s smile told hers, when she said “thank
you” to me.
I saw on the sheet of music the lady had
been looking at the name Mozart. I remarked,
“Are you versed in Mozart’s musical effu
sions? They are grand.” She shook her
head, and said: “No; but I admire them,”
and threw a smile at me right after the word
admire—so suggestive that my heart beat
faster.
She selected two sheets and paid for them.
While the clerk was wrapping the sheets I
stepped to the door. She drew her cape
closer around her, took the package and came
towards the door. I opened it. She passed
out on*to the sidewalk. I followed, closing
the door. When I reached the sidewalk she
was looking in the direction from whence she
had come. I said to her: “Will you allow
me the honor of escorting you?” With a grace
ful bow she laughingly replied, “Yes, if you
please.” Side by side we walked along. Not
knowing her name I felt awkward, embar
rassed. For fear of offending her, like a re
fined Northern gentleman would, by blurting
out, “Gal, what’s your name?” I thought,
and almost knew, she felt as awkward as I
did. I had a card in my vest pocket. To
_ relieve her I gave her the card, on which was
my full name. She read it, smiled, and wrote
her name on the back of the card, then
handed it back to me. I took it, and saw
only the four letters which spelled “Boyd ”
I had read the name “Bell Boyd,” the Con
federate scout and spy, and heard her name
spoken frequently in our army; even received
orders relating to her. I said: “The full
name; is it Jane, Sally, Polly, Mary, or Josie?
Which is it?” She looked at me very inquis
itively, and quietly said: “Bell.” It was
now my time. I was astonished, and said:
“Who, Bell Boyd? The scout and spy?” She
nodded “Yes,” and called my attention to
a large plate glass show window in a dry
goods store. She made some comments about
things she saw in the window.
We passed on, she keeping step with me.
I thought I must say something, if it was not
so awfully smart and wise, so I said: “You
are a good soldier; you keep step.” She
smiled and said: “Yes; it is easier and better
when on a march.” As things had developed
themselves, being in a full captain’s uniform,
it seemed to me like an easy march to Libby
or Andersonville. I thought no difference
which, so long as Bell Boyd was along keep
ing step. I was escorting her to—l did not
know where. I thought Bell laughed, and
“she is escorting me to Libby, a soldier
brave.” The fact is, at that time I did not
care a d —n where we marched to, so long as
Bell Boyd kept step.
A brass band struck up. We could hear
the melodious notes of the bass drum, which
somewhat regulated our steps. We came to
a large two-story brick house. On the rear
end of the lot was a modern, up-to-date horse
barn, smoke-house, and other home conven
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE