100,000 VOTES IN TEXAS.
Donie, Texas.
Texas has put out electors for Wat
son and Williams. We hope to give
them 100,000 votes this fall.
ALABAMA ELECTORS.
At a meeting of the State Execu
tive 'Committee at Birmingham on
July 4, the following electoral ticket
was put out:
Electors for .State at large—A. P.
Longshore, of Shelby; I. M. Doswell,
of Geneva.
First District —William B. Rogers,
of Wilcox.
Third District —J. C. Cox, of Gen
eva.
Fourth District—A. P. Longshore,
of Shelby.
Fifth District —E. A. Phillips, of
Clay.
Sixth District —G. T. Hassell, of
Fayette.
Seventh District —John Yarbrough,
of St. Clair.
Eighth District —J. Z. D. Byars, of
Lawrence county.
Ninth District —W. A. Fountain, of
Perry.
Let every Jeffersonian Democrat in
Alabama go to the polls on Novem-
ffi ZT ' ‘ • •
| jeffersonian Premiums |
HOW TO GET UP A. CLUB OLJR premiums <a
Every article offered is the best that C[
Hr „ ’ . , , can be procured for the money. It is RK
jMg Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on U
uTJ an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured" the fr
JpK they have read it, they will know for preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them ev
themselves that it is the best paper in you distribute personally. Person- for the least number of subscriptions that IT
jpZ the country. al and Persistent solicitation is the great we can. gw
Write down the names and addresses success - its dogged as does RENEWALS
(J, of your friends who are not already sub- ’q. . . a nr<h Ue " a S count tbe sarae as new sub-
scribers, and send them to us. We will .. S ® nd ” a ”« s *“ at any ‘ me-even QJ
KU send a samnle conv of the naner to each f * , have only one ~ and state what SUBSCRIPTION RATES
send a sample copy or the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine $1 ner vear- kU
03 name by return mail. With n a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian $1 per year tY
b/ call upon the persons and tell them the obta ined enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on sXrlntin™
MJ sample was sent at your request, and cla im the premium. for leS g than one
Xs Premium for 20 Magazine Subscriptions, ' win be surprised and pleased when you DAISY traveling ri nriz r ™
m or 15 Weekly Subscriptions see * be set ™cco case. RAVEL,NG CLOCK ~ In mo-
'C) A set of 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ WORLD-—^I LAS ° F THE n ~
jM silver Plated Cutlery, which is fully de- TH _ w 2 el n Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, uQ
scribed and illustrated on another page. $ lO , k nj-o n f J, \ ° r Weekly Subscriptions
Ffi The retail price of this premium is fls . - S 3
Jftj n . e -„ . . „ . . Photographs. Bound in silk cloth. t! ® th centary , guide to new dishes and LU
JJ Premiums i forls Magazine Subscriptions, old mission shelf clock-whs hLVX,? an encyckl P edla «»house-
RS or 10 Weekly Subscriptions real weights, beautiful and reliable. h ° W SK!
{SR V y, EB , ST F R ’ S T t E n IAL DIC Z!, ON n RY MISS,ON LAMP-Iron pedestal, ca- n PRAC J'? A L FARMING AND GAR- K
H —Unabridged. Retail price, $lO. Over thedral glass. Retail price sls. DEN I NG—ln these days, when “rule of HS
K 2,000 pages. Fully described and illus- thumb” has given way to scientific work,
Ad trated on another page. n • a o» > . « we all have much to learn. This is a
Ft! Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, modern, up-to-date book Th® n»hn
Jy ° L ° MISSION p F Nt> .VS UM , CLOCR - or 5 Weekly Subscriptions or it is’ ?3 The man price SW
Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. The rrfazcaqt cct th: / , - fcgl
jM case and dial are of solid oak, with brass v handonmo Thirty-one pieces. EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR— Don’t Ik
figures, hands and pendulum bulb. A * wait for barber, but shave yourself. xb
aS guarantee by the manufacturers insures RED LETTER STUDENT'S BIBLE— Complete outfit. You can shave yourself Lk
its absolute reliability as a time-piece. Flexible leather covers. The words of n ave minutes. Sk
mJ Its rich artistic beauty will enhance the Christ are printed in red. Fully de- OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—TI ' f be
AJ decorative effect of any home. scribed and illustrated on another page. the good, old fashioned folks. Risa (T
JD DINNER SET—Forty-seven pieces. EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK handsome $3 razor, made of the best fb
These are genuine, high-grade, expensive —A beautiful ornament and a reliable En Slish. steel, mounted in a carved white LL
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful time-piece. b° ne handle. HX
French decorations and gold edges. Each A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE FOUNTAIN pfn . x laS
jM piece is full size for everyday use. You ! BlßLE—Magnificently bound. ty clip, 14-karat gold amona polnt ’ saf ®- ff
ber 3 and cast his ballot for these
gentlemen, and give Watson the big
gest endorsement the state has ever
given him.
FRANKLIN COUNTY WATSON
CLUB.
The friends and supporters of Hon.
Thos. E. Watson will meet in the
courthouse at Carnesville, Franklin
county, during the noon recess of
court, on Tuesday, September 29, for
the purpose of organizing a Franklin
County Tom Watson Club and to
re-organize the old Populist party.
All Populists are urged to be there.
If you love good government and
want the people to rule, turn out and
start the ball to rolling. Several lo
cal speakers, among them a number
of the “old guard,” will be there to
address the gathering.
Some of these days the Money
Power will see the necessity of estab
lishing a fake reform party, and wiP
do so, and will run great daily papers
to back it. These daily papers will
be nets with which to catch able and
influential reform writers. They wi>l
offer them positions as editors, with
Dljft Jeffersonian
large salaries attached. Many will
believe the fake reform party is a
true reform party and will accept the
offers and thus tie their hands. The
general management of the fake par
ty and its big daily papers will be
given to shrewd men, who may hon
estly believe that the just rights of
the monopolists can be protected only
by misleading the masses. It is not
impossible that fake political move
ments may be in good faith, that is
the ultimate end sought may be
thought right. The charge of a dis
honest heart should be made against
no man without convincing evidence
of its truth. But there is a disagree
ment between the people and the plu
tocrats as to their respective rights.
The plutocrats are but few in num
ber and in a battle of ballots would
go down in defeat by a hundred to
one, if the issue were plain. Hence
they can shape the policy of the gov
ernment only by deception. The
Greenback People’s party movement
has stood the test for thirty-two
years. There is no occasion for any
other reform party so far as the peo
ple are concerned. The traps set by
monopoly can be avoided only by
keeping in the middle of the road.
The People’s party is good enough
for any true reformer. The people
will support it with millions of votes
when they again seek relief, which
they will do at a day not far dis
tant. —-Missouri World, Chillicothe,
Mo.
“SAD—BUT TRUE.”
It really seems to us that the safest
and most reasonable way to win men
to the Democratic party, and incident
ally to Bryan in this campaign, would
be to advocate Democratic policies
and principles, and show up the falla
cies and inconsistencies of the party
in power. There is no manner of
doubt that the two super-heated gu
bernatorial campaigns of the past two
years have added much to the spirit
of Independentism in this State, and
there are today thousands of Demo
cratic voters in Georgia who ai’e go
ing to do and vote as they please this
year without any regard whatever to
the dictum of the “slop-over” Bryan
papers or the hitherto efficient “party
lash.” And just as sure as the sun
shines, the people will not be driven
pell-mell into the Bryan shambles this
year by the iron-jawed “slop-overs.”
This may be sad —but, Lord, how
true! —Bainbridge (Ga.) -Searchlight.
PAGE SEVEN