som PAGES PROM 71Y SCRAP ROOK
GEORGIA HEROES WHO FIGURED IN
MAKING HER REVOLUTION-
ARY HISTORY.
The Luster of Their Services Dimmed by
Northern Historians —A Brilliant Chap
ter of Georgian History.
It is an unfortunate thing for the youth of
the South that most of the histories studied in
our schools and most of the story books for
the young have been written by Northern
authors. I say this not from any prejudice
against Northern writers or their books. They
have been a g’reat blessing by imparting to
the children of our country information which
but for these Northern authors and books they
would have never received. But if from the
beginning Southern writers had entered this
same field, the thrilling incidents of our own
colonial and revolutionary history would be
as familiar to our people as are the events
that transpired in the New England and mid
dle States, to which such prominence has been
given by writers from the North. Many a
Georgia boy can tell all about the exploits of
Israel Putnam, who knows little or nothin’!' o 1 ’
Elijah Clarke. He knows from the books
that he has read or studied that New England
bore an honorable part in the war of inde
pendence, but he sees no reference in them to
the brave deeds of the Georgia patriots and
blushes for the apparently insignificant part
played by his own State at this trying period
of his country’s history. He is informed that
toward the close of 1778 the British captured
Savannah, and that Georgia was soon sub
jugated. This is all that is told of the des
perate fight which Georgia made, and of the
heroic part borne by our State in the mighty
struggle for freedom.
The fact is that the Georgia patriots were
always ready to strike a blow for their coun
try. The following incident is one not men
tioned in any of the Northern school histories:
Tn March, 1776, some loyalist planters, in
defiance of an act of Congress forbidding
intercourse with the British dominion, freight
ed eleven merchant vessels with rice in the
Savannah river, and prepared for a sea voy
age. To help them in this some British war
ships at the mouth of the river moved up and
threatened Savannah. The militia of Geor
gia, under Colonel Mclntosh, assisted by the
Carolinians, under Colonel Bull, dislodged the
enemy, burned three of the merchant vessels
and dismantled six. Had some New England
port been the scene of this exploit it would
have found mention in every school history of
the United States.
When Savannah fell in December, 1778, the
British did move northward and take Augusta,
and the State seemed to be conquered. But
the very next month the Carolinians, under
Colonel Pickens, assisted by the Georgians,
under Colonels John Dooly and Elijah Clarke,
won the brilliant victory at Kettle Creek, in
Wilkes county, in consequence of which the
enemy abandoned Augusta and retreated to
TH® JBPFBRSONIAN.
Hudson’s ferry, about fifty miles above Sa
vannah.
We are told by Gen. Henry Lee, the father
of our own Robert Lee, that notwithstanding
the defeat of Ashe at Brier Creek and the
repulse of the allied armies before Savannah
in October, 1779, “the upper country of Geor
gia, the object of the contending generals,
rested in possession of the United States. Au
gusta and all the upper country of Georgia
remained in possession of the Americans until
after the fall of Charleston in May, 1780.
During all this time (about one year and a
half) Augusta was the capital of Georgia.
This does not look like such a speedy subju
gation of Georgia. After the fall of Charles
ton, the British speedly overran both South
Carolina and Georgia, and a British garrison
under Colonel Browne, again occupied Au
gusta. Even then the Georgia patriots kept
up the semblance of a State government at
Heard’s Fort, now Washington, in Wilkes
county. A large number of people in both
Carolina and Georgia submitted to what
seemed to them their inevitable fate and the
two States seemed to be entirely conquered.
But bands of patriots under their favorite
leaders lied into North Carolina and Ken
tucky (the latter at that time a part of Vir
ginia) and there awaited a favorable oppor
tunity to return to their respective States and
renew the struggle. General Henry Lee, in
his history of the “War in the Southern De
partment, ’ ’ says that ‘ ‘ among the most vir
tuous and distinguished citizens of Georgia,”
who lied to the West, “was Colonel Elijah
Clarke, who employed his time and mind in
preparing a sufficient force to enable him, on
the first opportunity, to return and renew the
contest.” General Lee then tells us how,
after the battle of Camden, which completely
broke up the regular Southern army, and after
the dispersion of Sumter’s force, Clarke had
the audacity to enter Georgia with seven hun
dred men and attack the British garrison at
Augusta. Clarke captured the British artil
lery, hemmed in the garrison and was upon
the point of capturing it when the arrival of
Cruger with reinforcements for the enemy
compelled him to raise the siege and retreat.
But General Lee tells us that Clarke’s expedi
tion had led to the assembling of large bands
of rifiemen from Kentucky, Virginia and
North Carolina, who were on their march to
Augusta when they heard of Clarke’s repulse.
Hearing that Colonel Ferguson had been
charged by Cornwallis with the task of inter
cepting Clarke’s command, and with the
additional task of rallying the forces to the
royal standard, these bold riflemen abandoned
their march upon Augusta and turned on Fer
guson. Under their favorite chieftains, Camp
bell, Cleveland, Williams, Sevier and Shelby,
they won the brilliant victory of King’s
Mountain, in North Carolina, in which Fer
guson was slain, while three hundred of his
men were killed and wounded and eight hun
dred captured. Fifteen hundred stand of arms
became the spoils of the victors. The loss of
the Americans was twenty, among the killed
being Colonel Williams, of South Carolina,
who, with his adherents, had joined the expe
dition just- before the battle.
Colonel Lee adds: “Although Clarke failed
in the reduction of Augusta, his attempt led
to the destruction of Ferguson; and with it
to the present relief of North Carolina.”
General Lee alsa says that Cornwallis, who
was making a victorious march through
North Carolina, being thus deprived of more
than one-fourth of his army, was compelled
by this battle to retreat to Camden, in South
Carolina, and that General Leslie was com
pelled to abandon the invasion of Virginia,
which depended for success upon the co-opera
tion of Cornwallis. Thus this great victory,
among the most brilliant of the whole war,
won entirely by Southern militia, saved two
States, North Carolina and Virginia, from
invasion. It also gave a resting spell to the
army that had been beaten at Camden, and
enabled it to recuperate and get ready to
take the field once more. And yet some of the
Northern school histories which are candi
dates for Southern favor do not even mention
this important battle, and not one of them
refers at all to Clarke’s bold expeditions un
dertaken at a time when British garrisons
held every important post in South Carolina
and Georgia.
When, after the battle of Guilford Court
house, General Nathaniel GYeene advanced
into South Carolina, Colonel Clarke became
as active in Georgia as were Marion and Sum
ter in the sister State. Tn May, 1781, Clarke
appeared again before Augusta and began a
siege of the place. General Pickens, of South
Carolina, hearing of Clarke’s prospects, has
tened to his assistance and General Greene
sent Colonel (afterwards general) Henry Lee
with his legion to aid in the reduction of this
important post. On the sth day of June
Colonel Brown surrendered the British garri
son to the combined forces of Pickens, Lee
and Clarke. The Americans speedily regained
all Georgia except the city of Savannah,
which was not yielded to them until the 12th
of July, 1782.
No school history should, be so much
abridged as to convey a wrong impression to
its readers. Such is the case with any book,
which, in treating of our Revolutionary his
tory dismisses she war in Georgia with the
statement that toward the close of 1778 “the
British captured Savannah and Georgia was
soon subjugated.” Let us see to it that
Georgia history is set right.—Joseph T. Derry
in Atlanta Constitution.
Let no one suppose that an education will
lessen their work. It may make it different,
but it won’t make it less. Truly educated
men are industrious, hard workers.
Good, robust health is a great enemy to
worry. A good digestion, a clear conscience
and sound sleep kill a lot of worry.—Success.
PAGE THREE