PAGE EIGHT
Cbc 3effersonl<xn
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than SI.CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomsen, Ga.
above date appears on
iWiCil® IP the labc J. ° n yo " r p«p« r .R
means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, March 17, 1910
An Editor's Mail
Some months ago there was published in
the Saturday Evening Post, an article by
Rockefeller’s beloved pastor, the Rev. Dr.
Aked. The subject was, “A Minister’s Mail”.
In its cynical urbanity, its genial brutality,
it was a most unique production. The Eng
lish clergyman related how thousands of let
ters piled up on him; how at one time there
was a load for an automobile; and how, at
the happy suggestion of some friend, he rid
himself of the annoyance of going through
this accumulation of mail by the simple
process of destroying it, unexamined.
The Rev. Charles Aked, D.D., described
the begging letters which came to him—let
ters which implored him to put the cases of
the writers before Mr. Rockefeller. The
cheerful Charles published samples of these
letters. One, 1 recollect, was from a desti
tute widow, v. ho asked that the Oil King pur
chase some of her needle-vrork. Another, de
scribed in piteous detail the situation of a
young lady vdio pleaded for assistance.
rh<’se letters appeared to impress the light
hearted Aked as being preposterously un
reasonable.
But the greatest annoyance which the Rev.
Aked, D.D., had endured came from a broth
er ol the “cloth”. It appears that a super
annuated preacher had mailed to Rockefel
ler'- pastor an illuminated testimonial which
had been presented to the aged Soldier of the
Cross by the church wffiich he had served so
long. This document was the most precious
of the v>-nerahle minister's possessions.
IT ILLS TO HI Al WHAT THE MEDAL
IS TO THE CONFEDERATE OR FED
ERAL VETERAN.
Tie had mailed the beautiful and sacred
testimonial to Dr. Aked, to gain his confi
dence and his sympathy. It was lost in
Abed's mail. Probably it was burned in that
bonfire of accumulated letters and packages.
Anyhow, the poor old Veteran wanted it
back. His petition for aid had never received
a reply, but he thought he ought at least to
have his own property restored. And be
cause he had written Dr. Aked several cards,
begging for the return of the testimonial,'
Aked mentioned him as one of the Nuisances
that got into “a Minister’s Mail”!
Now. we editors have our troubles, and our
unreasonable correspondents, but I don’t
think we are as unfeeling as Dr. Aked proved
himself to be.
\t the same time, T am going to explain
certain things, in the hope of saving my Sec
retary and my friends some trouble.
(1) I have no “literature” for distribu
tion. Tn my library is nothing but books,
pamphlets, papers, etc., needed in my own
work. These, of course, I cannot send out,
Zsl>e Jeffersonian
for I never know when I may need them my
self.
(2) When you want information on Child
Labor, Direct Legislation, Parcels-Post, In
come Tax, and such matters — write to one of
your United States Senators, or to your im
mediate Representative. All these public
questions have been threshed out in Congress,
and your money paid for printing the speech
es. Your Congressmen have Secretaries at
SIOO per month, paid by you, and the speech
es and documents can be mailed to you free
of postage.
So please get into the habit of making
your $7,500 Congressman, and his $1,200
clerk earn their salt.
(3) Please don’t ask me to give, hy pri
vate correspondence, information on subjects,
which I discuss in The Jeffs. The Educa
tional Department is kept up for the purpose
of benefiting the many. It is a physical im
possibility to do this work for the public,
and, at the same time, do similar work for
individual correspondents.
(4) It is not possible for me, hy private
letters, to give aid to boys and girls who are
to take part in debates; or who have speeches
and essays to write.
(5) I cannot, on any terms, write speech
es and essays for others. Just can’t.
(6) The prices of books vary according to
quality of paper, the nature of the binding,
the expiration of copyrights, etc. Conse
quently, it is seldom that I could give You
the price of books. Please! DO PLEASE!!
take that question up with a book-dealer. If
there is none in your town, ask the Postmas
ter. (It’s a shame to do this to him, but I’ve
just got to unpack on Somebody, and it might
as well be him.) lie can always give you the
name of one or more book-houses.
If you live on a Rural, just tell the rider
that / say he must fetch you the name of a
book-seller the next time he comes. He can
get it from the Postoffice.
Rigid Economy Relaxes a Trifle
In the Houston (Texas) Guide, the watch
ful and capable Miss Grace Phillips has an
item which escaped the vigilance of Yours
as-Ever.
She says that one of Mr. Taft’s official
family did not like the way he had to go up
and down, in the elevator, along with The
Common Herd; and that he ordered the con
struction of a private “lift”, which None but
Him May Use. She says that this Cabinet
Officer. Frankl in MacVeagh, made other
changes, alterations, additions, subtractions,
refurnishments, embellishments, and general
shake-upments in his offices which cost you
the gentle sum of $50,000.
Well, I must say that this corporation
henchman from Chicago is quite a Prince of
The Blood—in the spending of other folks’
money.
By the way, he’s the same man who attend
ed the New York Banquet, and made the
speech telling how the South loves J. P. Mor
gan.
But as Morgan and the Guggenheims seem
to own the Government, the eulogy of Mor
gan, by Mac, was no startlement to the coun
try.
I knew that our Senators had become such
Patricians that each had supplied himself, at
your expense, w 7 ith a separate “Sweet” of
rooms in a vast marble palace, and with a
separate marble toilet-room.
But as you don’t appear to care how they
waste your money, I haven’t preached on
this —nor on those junket trips to Europe and
to the Orient during which your money pays
for the whiskey, the wine, the beer, the lem
onade, the soda-water, the hair-cuts, the
shaves and shines, the tips, the carriage bills,
car-fare, hotel bills, laundry bills and so
forth, “and et cetery”. This, of course, in
cludes cigars.
Democrats of the South and West
Should Consider This
What wrecked the Democratic Party?
The domination of the North and the East. A
And how have Northern and Eastern
States, which never elect Democratic electors,
been enabled to control the Democratic Party ?
By claiming the right to vote the full
strength of such States as Pennsylvania,
Maine and Massachusetts in the Democratic
National Conventions.
Think of Pennsylvania, which never goes
Democratic, out-voting Georgia or Tennessee,
or South Carolina, or Alabama, two to one in
the National Convention!
By doing this, Pennsylvania, Maine, Mas
sachusetts, Vermont, Illinois and other re
liably Republican States, go into the Conven
tion, dictate the platform, select the nominees
—and then coolly wait for the South and the
West to swallow the nasty mixture called
“Platform”', and elect the Wall Street tools
who have been foisted on to the Presidential
ticket.
* * * *
In the same manner the party of Lincoln
has been driven from its original principles.
States w 7 hich never go Republican have more
votes in National Convention than some of
those which always do; and thus un-Republi
can States choose Republican nominees and
make Republican Platforms, just as un-Dem
ocratic States dictate Democratic nominees
and Platforms.
To avoid this death-trap, the Populists de
cided that each State shall have just such
weight in our National Convention as its ac
tual vote at some past election shows it to be
entitled to have.
* * * *
The North and the East will always favor
the policies most abhorrent to the South and
West. They did it in Jefferson’s day, and in
Jackson’s day, and they will continue on that
line to the end. High Tariffs, Funding Sys
tems, National Banks, Special Privileges to
the money power, Special Favoritism to cor
porations:—these have always been the New 7
England policies and always will be.
Those States do not produce the w 7 ealth
they amass. They must live by fleecing the
States which do produce. Hence it is that
they naturally incline to the laws which fa
vor the transporter, the manufacturer, and
the lender, at the expense of the producer and
the borrower.
Beautifully has the scheme worked.
New 7 England is naturally sterile. Her
fields are barren hillsides; no hungry mil
lions look to her for food; no miners pour
forth their treasures from her grudging soil;
no herds fatten on her meagre pastures; she
makes nothing to clothe the naked or to house
the homeless. She buys everything she uses.
Yet, producing nothing, she" has almost all
the wealth of the Union, w 7 hile the Southern
and Western States, producing all the food
and all the raiment and all the mineral and
all the lumber, have nothing but mortgages
on their homes and misery in their hearts to
show 7 for it.
* * * *
And how 7 did it all come about?
Damnable laws which plundered the pro
ducing sections to enrich the non-producing.
High Tariffs which give a monopoly of the
Home Market to the few at the expense of
the many.
Corporation laws which allow the few to
tax the goods of the many on their way to
market.
Banking laws which allow the few to create
money and dictate its price to the many;
Bond laws which exempt the wealth of the
favored few from all taxation, and give
them, besides, a revenue from the taxes of
others.
Would you want any better schemes than
thse to put the burden of life on the pro
ducing section?