PAGE TWELVE
With Your Ballots, Shoot These
Deserters!
(concluded from page nine)
very first pledge,” he means the “tariff revis
ion” pledge.
Now, then, let us consider the real meaning
of Cannon’s statement. What he, in sub
stance, said was, that had the Democrats of
the House united with the Republican insur-
who broke away from Cannon’s control,
the damnable Payne-Aldrich Tariff bill could
not hare been passed.
Haven’t I been telling you so? Did I not
tell you, last summer, that the expense of
living would be increased under that infa
mous “law”? And are not the costs of keep
ing house and supplying the necessaries of
life mounting higher, all the time?
A number of Western Congressmen re
belled against the greed and tyranny of New
England manufacturers, and became “Insur
gents.” They began to vote with the Demo
crats. But an equivalent number of Demo
crats deserted to the enemy, and filled the gaps
in his line made by the rebellious Republi
cans. And Joe Cannon tells the American
people that had not these Democratic desert
ers come over to him, his iron rule would have
been broken, the House would have become
its own master, and the atrocious bill, which
enormously adds to the burdens of the com
mon people would have failed to pass I
Where did the Republicans get those
Democratic deserters from ? Almost entirely
from the New York and Georgia delegations.
Who got Cannon the New York deserters?
The late Pat McCarren, a regularly paid, lob
byists of the Standard Oil Company.
Who got Cannon the Georgia deserters?
Lon. Livingston, the obsequious servant of the
J. Pierpont Morgan interests.
“I’ve got you another Georgia vote,” quoth
Lon to old Cannon.
“That’s good, Lon,” quoth Joe to old Liv
ingston.
That interchange of remarks, by these two
political prostitutes. was overheard, got into
the newspapers, and neither of the two dared
to deny it.
Who were the deserters from the Georgia
delegation? IF ho were the soldiers from our
State that went over to the foe. and turned,
their guns on their own lines? "Who are the
betrayers of the people whose defection as
sured the success of the new law which is add
ing so tremendously to the expense of living?
Here they are:
BILL HOWARD.
IF. G. BRANTLEY.
GORDON LEE.
CHA RLES EDWARDS,
LON LIVINGSTON.
With your ballots.
' SHOOT THESE DESERTERS!
(P. s.—Jim Griggs was one, too, but he is
dead now.)
The Prayer of the Filipino
(EVIDENCE OF JORGE DEL FIERO, BEFORE THE
TAFT COMMISSION, SEPTEMBER, 1900.)
Question: “Charges have been made against the
friars that many of their number have caused the de
portation of Filipinos, members of their parishes, and
that in some instances they were guilty of physical
cruelty. What, if anything, do you know on these
subjects ?
Answer: “A Filipino prayer, written by me long
before I had any notice of the interrogatories to which
I am replying, will answer this question satisfactorily.
Here is the said Filipino prayer:
“‘My Cod and Master! Have compassion upon us,
the Filipinos; protect us from the Dominicans, Au
gustinians, Recoletos, and Franciscans. By instiga
tions of these friars, thousands of Filipinos have been
torn from their homes, some to eat the hard and black
bread, or the pinaua of deportation, and others to shed,
blood in streams at executions. They were conducted
to the calabooses, and there they were suspended from
a beam with a pile of rocks on their shoulders, and
several others hanging from their feet and their hands.
Suddenly the cord by which they were suspended was
(She TSeffcvsonian
loosened, and they fell in a heap on the floor, where,
if they were not killed, they suffered dislocations and
fractures. Later they were lashed, on the soles of the
feet, on the calves, on the backside, on the shoulders,
and on the stomach. Their fingers and toes and pri
vates were squeezed and mangled with pincers. They
were given electric shocks. They were given to drink
vinegar or warm water with salt in excessive quanti
ties, so that they might vomit whatever they had
eaten, and which had not passed through the pylorus
into the small intestine. Their feet were placed in the
stocks, and they were compelled to lie on the ground
without even a bad mat, the mosquitoes, chinch-bugs,
fleas, and other insects sucking their blood, and the
rats, at times, coming in their mad race and biting to
render worse their sorry and afflicted situation. They
were given nothing to eat or drink except from one
afternoon to another, the unhappy imprisoned Fili
pinos thus experiencing the tortures of hunger and of
thirst. And after causing them to suffer other hor
rible tortures invented by the inquisition of ominous
memory, squalid, careworn, extenuated, hardly able to
stand erect, many were taken to the field, where they
died by shooting, for such was the will of the friars,
who every day asked for blood —Filipino blood —the
blood of those who in this country stood out by reason
of their knoicledge, their virtue, their uprightness, or
their ivealth. Thou knowest, my God, that in 1872 the
Filipino fathers, Don Mariano Gomez, Don Jose Bur
gos, and Don Jacinto Zamora, died on the scaffold
because they opposed the friars usurping the curacies
of the priests, as in the end they did usurp them, be
cause the friars were almost omnipotent at that time,
and there was no human power to arrest their will.
Neither are we ignorant, my God, that in 1897 there
were shot to death on the field of Bagumbayan the
Filipino priests, Don Severino Diaz, Don Gabriel
Prieto, and Don Inocencio Herrera, because the two ,
first named objected to the curate of Naga, a Fran
ciscan friar, collecting some parochial fees belonging
to the said Father Diaz, as curate of the Cathedral of
Nueva Caceres. Thou also knowest, my God and my
Lord, that notwithstanding that Dr. Don Jose Rizal,
the unfortunate, Macario Vallentin, and innumerable
other Filipinos were wholly innocent, they also suc
cumbed on the field of Bagumbayan, shot to death.
Neither is it unknown to Thee, my God, that a multi
tude of Filipinos have remained marked forever as the
result of blows ami cruel treatment they have re
ceived. among them General Lucban, who has a rib
sprung, and will probably carry it through life. In
spire, Ford, the American authorities with the idea of
making an examination and excavations in the Monas
tery of Banta Clara of Manila, for about fifteen years
or more ago a nun went upon the roof of the said
monastery and there loudly begged for help—a scan
dalous fact which many Manilaites can not but recall.
Expel, Lord, expel from the Philippines the friars, be
fore there is powdered glass in the ricexwe eat and
poison in the water we drink, and before Dr. Manuel
Jerez Burgos, to whom an anonymous missive was ad
dressed saying: “Lara died today; thou shalt die to
morrow”, shall be assassinated. Take, Lord, take from
our sight the habits of the friars, which recall to us
days of mourning and affliction, days of prisons, de
portations, tortures, and executions of beings who are
dear to us, whose unhappy end still draws tears from
our eyes and tills our hearts with anguish. Do more
yet, my Lord and God, dissolve, annihilate, destroy
throughout the world the monastic order whose by
laws constitute a woeful system which produces, and
necessarily must produce, men hypocritical, perverse,
covetous, and cruel oppressors of humanity, as is evi
denced by history, and recently by the present war in
China, occasioned by the abuses, arbitrariness, and ex
cesses of the friars. We supplicate and pray Thee, my
God. that Thou cast out from the Philippines forever
the friars that again are attempting to take posses
sion of the curacies of the Philippines, to treat
anew our priests as though they were their servants.
Amen.’ ”
(How can you reconcile Mr. Taft’s Balti
more eulogy on Catholic mission-work in the
Philippines, with his knowledge of the condi
tions revealed in this maddened prayer?)
Another Missionary Report
(concluded from page five)
I should think they did. With luxurious
quarters, an abundance of good victuals and
clothes, and plenty of money, why shouldn’t
“we” have “a good time.”
Dr. Hardman Kinnear, the surgeon in
charge, his wife, and six native helpers, three
of whom were students, gave medicines and
treatment to 17,456 of the chinks. The serv
ices were both medical and surgical. The re
port proudly mentions the fact, that since this
missionary hospital was founded, medicines
and services have been given to 355,877 Chi
nese.
How much money did the 17,456 patients
contribute towards paying for the medicines,
the 813 surgical operations, and the attend-
ance of the physician upon the 16,643 other
cases ? •
The beggarly sum of $413.09. Why, Dr.
Kinnear bought medicines to the amount of
$2,524.68.
He gave away, “in native supplies and sun
dries, $314,74.”
How much does it cost you, my reader, to
have the simplest operation performed by a
surgeon? It would cost you $5.00 to have
even a bone-felon treated, wouldn’t it?
Glance back at the figures, and you will
see that, if every dollar contributed by the
chinks is applied to the surgical operations,
the revenue from them was about 50 qents
each. And that would leave the 16,643 medi
cal patients paying nothing whatever. Be
sides, the Chinese patients used, up over
$2,500 worth of medicines, IN THAT ONE
MISSIONARY HOSPITAL!!
Isn’t it a shame that these fanatics should
be engaged at this business, in China, when
thev could, by the same methods, SAVE
BODIES AND SOULS, HERE -AT
HOME?
Not the Same George Thompson
“Bethany,” and My “Uncle
Ralph ”
My Dear Mr. Watson: —I recently wrote you
asking you a few questions, and telling you bow
I appreciated your editorial on “The Passing of
the Oldtime Doctors”.
I was somewhat surprised to read in the week
ly Jeffersonian of December 23 your answer to
my questions and the statement that you and I
plowed in oats together in 1876. According to
the Bible, I was not born until 1882, so your
“hero of the oatfield” must have been another
man.
However, the Thompsons of Screven county and
we of Emanuel are related.
Being as you caused me to have to correct you
in this, will burden you with a few more ques
tions:
(1) What is the difference in platforms of the
Populist and Socialist parties in regard to govern
ment ownership and collective ownership?
(2) Was your story in Bethany of your Uncle
Ralph and Nellie Roberts true, even in name?
(3) What does the “E.” in your name stand
for? or in other words, what is your middle
name? as I have a boy to name.
I have been elected president of one of the lo
cal Farmers’ Union, and will try to see you a fair
fight.
With the greatest regards, I remain
Your friend, GEO. A. THOMPSON.
Swainsboro, Ga., Route 2.
ANSWER.
Last summer when I spoke at Millen, my
boyhood friend, George Thompson, was
there; and we had a long, private talk about
Old Times. Among other things, he told me
of the sad death of one of his boys. So, when
I received the letter signed with his name,
and alluding to the loss of a son, in connec
tion with a reference to my editorial on the
old country doctor, it was natural for me to
suppose that the letter was from my old
friend. True, he was living in Effingham
county, near Egypt, last year; but I did not
know but that he had moved; or had written
from Swainsboro, while there on a visit.
Answering the questions of Mr. Thomp
son :
(1) Populists believe the Government
should own all utilities that are of a public
nature —such as postal service, telegraph and
telephone service, transportation lines, etc.
Each city should own its street railroads,
telephone systems, waterworks and lighting
plants.
Socialism teaches that all the “means of
production, including land”, should be owned
by the people in their collective capacity.
Between the creed of Socialism and the pri
vate ownership of any land, whatsoever, there
is irreconcilable conflict.
(2) The “Uncle Ralph” of “Bethany”,
was my youngest Uncle, William M. Watson.
“Nellie Roberts”, was Jennie Thomas, and