PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THUS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor! and Proprietor!
Tj>mpl® Court Building, Atlanta, Ga,
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bntirtd at Piitifu, Atlanta, Ga., Jannarj 11, IQO7, at itctnd
tian mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, August 27, if 08
Common Honesty, and Georgia
Politics.
However much we may differ in other
matters, we should be able to agree, that
HONESTY ought to prevail in politics,
as in business.
Practically all of the qualified white
voters of the state took part in the June
primary. Nobody has claimed that the
result was influenced by fraud, bribery or
intimidation. The defeated candidate ac
cepted his defeat without protest. He put
forth no claim that he had been unfairly
beaten.
Therefore, practically all the white vot
ers of Georgia are bound, IN HONOR,
to vote for Joseph M. Brown. The man
who took part in the June primary, and
now opposes Brown, IS NOT POLITI
CALLY HONEST.
In like manner, the followers of Smith
and of Brown are bound to vote for the
adoption of the amendment to the con
stitution which disfranchises the negroes.
Both sides promised to support the
amendment, both sides got the benefit of
that promise, and both are honor bound
by the pledge.
We say this, in spite of the bad faith
of Governor Smith in giving his official
approval to the act of the legislature,
passed a few days ago, postponing until
January, 1909, the date on which the dis
franchisement law shall go into effect.
Burning with resentment against Wat
son, the honorable Hoke has changed the
law upon which he and Hardwick and
Watson agreed.
THIS LAW WAS THE CONDI
TION UPON WHICH THE HONOR
ABLE HOKE GOT WATSON’S SUP
PORT. The honorable Hoke is now in
the full enjoyment of the results of the
compact, and he has used the power that
came to him as the fruit of the compact
to break his pledge to Watson.
The disfranchisement law, as originally
passed, in 1907, provided that when the
people voted their approval, at the Oc
tober election, the negroes should be at
once disfranchised. In other words, the
law was to go into effect immediately.
After Watson’s campaign in Georgia
got under way, and after Bryan came
to an understanding with those African
THE JEFERSONIAN.
League delegations, the Hokeites and the
Bryanites saw that they would need and
could get the negro votes at the Novem
ber election. HENCE, THE CHANGED
LAW, AND BROKEN COMPACT.
Os course, the Hokeites and Bryanites
mean TO BEAT WATSON BY THE
USE OF THE NEGRO VOTE. The
fear of Populism was the reason why the
Democratic legislatures of Georgia would
never pass the Hardwick bill. Demo
cratic ringsters knew that they would
need the negro vote to overcome a white
Populist majority.
When Watson made the proposition
upon which Hoke Smith’s campaign was
based, the disfranchisement question was
vitalized, and it made a triumphant cam
paign. The disfranchisement law, as
enacted last year, represented the com
pact which elected Smith. The amend
ment which his official signature makes
a law, represents broken faith, political
perfidy, Hoke Smith's selfishness, jeal
ousy and vindictive malevolence.
Why was the law changed? Did the
people demand it? Were the people con
sulted at all?
Were the people so much as notified
that the disfranchisement was to be post
poned until the ringsters had used the
negroes against Watson in the Novem
ber election?
No. The people did not demand a
change, and were not put upon any no
tice.
Crafty politicians, resentful because
Watson had foiled their scheme to rob
the country counties of their constitution
al share of political power, violated the
compact made with Watson, and changed
their own law so as to give themselves
one more chance to use the negro voters.
WHAT DO HONEST DEMOCRATS
THINK OF A GOVERNOR WHO
DOES A THING OF THIS SORT?
What do they think of a Governor who
gets office by virtue of a special compact,
and who uses that office to violate the
terms of the compact?
To our Populist friends we have this
to say: While Hoke has acted in bad
faith and dealt our cause a foul blow, go
right ahead, yourselves, and vote for dis
franchisement. BE HONEST —and don’t
imitate the bad example that Hoke has
set.
*
Populist Electoral Ticket Tor
Georgia.
The old order is passing away; Ameri
can politics is evolving new conditions,
and no man can foretell what a day may
bring forth.
The Republican Party is making a
herculean effort to throw off the incubus
of negro domination. The white men of
that party are sick and tired of having
to buy the votes of the negro delegations
from Southern States. If the Democratic
leaders would, but try they could make
a treaty with the Republicans which
would foreyer free the whole country of
that intolerable nuisance —the blatant, in
satiable and malignant negro politician.
But the Bryanties are so crazy to put
their fat friend in the White House that
all considerations of patriotism are sent
to the rear, and statesmanship plays no
part in the national campaign.
To gratify his morbid personal am
bition, which has almost reached the
stage of monomania, Bryan is dickering
and dealing with the negroes, knowing
that his course will compel Taft to make
concessions to conciliate the blacks, and '
that the net result of the competition be
tween himself and Taft for the negro vote
will be the increase of the power of the
negro politician. v
Just how far Bryan can go with his
policy of niggerizing the Democratic
partv before the South will revolt, can
not be foretold.
The negro circular which is being
broadcasted over the country will open
the eyes of thousands of white Demo
crats.
The recent act of the Georgia legisla
ture which postpones the disfranchise
ment law, so that the Hokeites and Bry
anites can use the negroes in the Novem
ber election to beat the Populists, will
cost them many an honest Democratic
vote.
On account of the peculiar condition
of things, Mr. Watson requested the Pop
ulist State Convention to postpone the
selection of electors for our State ticket.
Tlie Convention did so, and authorized
him to choose the names.
For several reasons, it was advisable
to await developments. It was known
that many Democrats favored the Popu
list nominees. If we could get some new
names for our electoral ticket —strong
men who had not been with us before —
so much the better.
Besides, the Hearst party was in the
field, with the name of'a former citizen
of Georgia on its presidential ticket.
It was advisable to wait and see how
much a splash was made as this new
boat struck the water.
There was much to gain and nothing
to lose by going slow and awaiting de
velopments.
This was exactly what Mr. Watson
had in mind when he asked the Conven
tion to “leave.jt all to him.” As the Con
vention readily agreed to do so, we trust
that no true-hearted Populist will find
fault.
The electoral ticket will appear in full
time to answer every possible purpose,
and it will be made up of the best ma
terial available.
Inasmuch as the Hokeites repelled Mr.
Watson’s proposition concerning a com
posite ticket—which proposition would
have insured the State to Bryan—we will
now run a full Populist ticket, and if
Watson and Williams carry the State,
neither Bryan nor Taft will get Georgia’s
vote. If the Pops get them, they’ll keep
them.