PAGE EIGHT
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta. Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second c.as- mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Oct. 14, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Received!
The article by President McLean, on Mis
sions, has reached the Jeffersonian, but too
late for this week’s issue of the paper. It will
be printed in full October 14th, at which
time Mr. Watson will also “make a few re
marks.’'
Bl B; »
Trying to Pacify the West
President Taft, champion of the Eastern
Republicans, is doing his utmost to disarm the
well-founded suspicion and dissatisfaction of
the West.
What does he do out there, to catch the
crowd?
Why, he proposes a national bond issue of
slo,ooo*ooo, to carry on the irrigation of the
dry lands of the West.
Now, isn’t that a fine example of the ab
sence of the principles of justice from the poli
cies of the Federal government ?
The millions of merchants, farmers and
artisans throughout the land are to be taxed,
in order that a few thousand Western farmers
shall have water on their crops whenever it is
needed!
The average agriculturist of the country
has to depend upon the clouds for rain.
Sometimes he gets too much, and his crops
are drowned out. Sometimes it is just the
other way,—they are destroyed by the
drought.
These men must take the good and the bad
crop-years as God pleases, and do the best that
they can.
But Mr. Taft declares that a bonded indebt
edness shall be piled on to all the pople, and
that the money of all the other farmers must
be applied to irrigating a few thousand
farms, m order that these favored few shall
have water on the land whenever then want
it!
For your supply of farm water, you must
depend upon the weather; for his, the arid
land farmer will apply to your pockets.
There’s justice for you! Already those ir
rigated farms get the proceeds of the public
land sales. That money belongs to all; a
few get it. Already those irrigated farms
are a serious menace to the planter who must
depend upon the clouds for rain.
Immensely bigger yields are taken from
the land which never suffers from too much,
or not enough, moisture.
It seems most unjust, cruelly unfair, to tax
the ordinary farm for the benefit of the
beneficiaries of irrigation.
In fact, the proposition is so monstrously
inequitable and selfish, that we are amazed
that it should be made.
But the West has got to be soothed, you
see.
P. S. —I find this item in The Commanche
Chief, Texas, under date of September 11,
1909:
"Uncle Adam Sliger reports that he planted
one hundred acres in wheat and one hundred
and forty acres in oats this year, and that he got
Cfye 3effersonian
not a single bushel of either wheat or oats. He
also thinks he will do well to get a bale oft of
forty acres of his cotton. He is preparing to sow
fall wheat in the dust of his farm, trusting to
the Lord to bring the increase.”
Tens of thousands of farmers are hit that
way every year, and there is never a year
when hundreds of thousands have their crops
cut off one-fourth, or one-third, or one-half.
Now, what will be the feelings of these
men and the farmers who lose it all, —as
Adam Sliger has done, —if the government
makes them furnish all the water needed by
the irrigated farm?
Bl Bj Bj
Prince Miguel
A silly American heiress, eager to wear a ti
tle, simpered and approved while go-betweens,
working for commissions, arranged for her
to marry Prince Miguel of Braganza. He
isn't a prince of anything but his title. But
the silly American heiress wanted to wear the
title; the Prince was willing to sell it; the
go betweens wanted the commission; and the
match was made.
They married in Scotland, and their pic
tures have been in all the papers.
But listen: the Prince was in Paris, before
his wedding, and couldn't get away. He
lacked the money to pay his hotel bill, and
his travelling expenses to Scotland. He did
not fancy the idea of telegraphing to his in
tended for money to come to her on; so he
borrowed the necessary amount from a bad
man who is now called an usurer.
Paying the hotel bill, and buying railroad
tickets, the rejoicing Prince set out to go to
his wedding. The ceremonial was gorgeously
performed; and then the “Usurer" asked the
Prince for the payment promised.
The Prince refused. He pleaded usury.
Doubtless there # was unlawful interest
charged, for the loan was risky, and the need
of the borrower most urgent.
But the Prince eagerly promised to pay
what was demanded, got the cash, skipped to
Scotland, wedded the silly American heiress,
and then forced the lender to withdraw the
suit he had begun on the Prince’s •note, by
pleading “unlawful interest".
The Prince did not even tender to the
'"tJ surer' the actual sum loaned!
1 he lender in this case may be a griping
Usurer, and probably is, —but the law will
not allow me to print my opinion of this most
contemptible “Prince".
P. S.—l see by another account of the inci
dent that the “Usurer ' was a Vienna mam
and that the Prince's aunts have announced
their willingness to pay the sum borrowed,
with reasonable interest thereon.
Good for the old ladies! They will prob
ably have as much contempt for their worth
less nephew as all right-minded people will
have, if he himself does not pay that debt.
B] B] Bl
Don’t Close the Mills!
Colonel Joel B. Fort went before the com
mittee of the Rhode Island “statesman", and
told those framers of confiscation tariffs what
the tobacco schedule was going to do, unless
the “law was changed. The senatorial
makers of confiscatory tariffs laughed Colonel
fort to scorn. So did the haughty robber
barons of the Tobacco Trust—one whom
corrals the Virginia delegation and hauls it to
market in his private car. (The “market" is
the national convention of the pot and kittle
combine.)
You know what happened. Night-riding.
But the robber-barons learned a lesson. They
‘now pay a living price for “the weed".
The cotton-belt, last year, was mighty close,
awfully close, to the point where the whole
country would have risen to the cry of
“STOP THE GINS S' 1
And if ever the reckless spinners carry out
their threats to close down their mills because
the price of cotton is thirteen cents a pound,
they will hear it thunder.
Be careful, Mr. Spinner! You’ve been
heaping up treasure here on earth by the ar
tistic neatness with which you framed confis
cation laws. Ever since the discovery of the
gin, you have been pocketing the profits on
cotton. The golden fleece has made nobody
rich but you. New England's wealth grew
in our cotton-fields. Since the war factories,
have multiplied in Dixieland, because North
ern capital were given some advantages down
here that they did not enjoy so freely up
there. Exemptions from taxation, the lib
erty to grind the health, morals and lives out
of little children, were two of these ad
vantages. Besides, by putting some of their
money in Southern mills, the Northern capi
talist could the more readily work his con
fiscation racket. He could get the newspapers
to “point with pride" to the increase in
“Southern spindles": and thus make the
South believe that she was getting rich under
the tariff which robs her.
These cotton-mills have earned enormous
dividends upon actual investment. Small
profits excite their anger. To run the mill at
a temporary loss is unthinkable. The farmer
often runs his business at a loss; so does the
merchant ; so do the herder and cattleman.
But the spinner won’t. He must have big
profits all the time, or he will shut down,
throwing his employees into the streets.
Mr. Spinner! Let me give you a piece of
advice:
Don't you go to closing your mills!
If you do, WE WILL STOP THE GINS!
You have confiscated our property under
your damnable tariff to the amount of bil
lions of dollars. You have been getting prac
tically every dollar of the profits of cotton
growing.
At thirteen cents, we divide the profits with
you. We have the right to do so, and we
mean to keep on doing so.
And if, in your greed to hog it all, you be
gin to stop the mills, we will fight you back!
By the God that made us, ire will STOP
THE GINS!
Bl B! Bl
Critical
In listening to stories of the adventurous
hunter of big game you never fail to reach
the place where he says, “The situation was a
critical one." The bear, or the panther, or the
bob-cat, or the enraged buck almost got him.
The bear made a rush, the panther a leap, the
bob-cat a jump, the buck a charge—and “the
situation was a critical one".
I'd no more expect to read of a hunter’s ex
periences without finding that dear old
phrase than a party-hack's political speech
without finding it containing those sore
backed jades, ‘‘view with alarm" and “point
with pride".
If I should Jive to tell the tale, I will cer
tainly refer to 1909 in the words of the hair
breadth-escape hunter, “The situation was a
critical one.”
Because, you see, the introducers are plot
ling and planning. Not only that, there is
blood in the eye of the introducers of the in
troducers. There’s a conspiracy on foot; se
cret conferences are being held; the war-belt
is circulating; and there is just no telling
when the war-whoop will resound. (Always
use the words “resound" and “resounded"
when alluding to war-whoops.)
And its all my fault. I forgot to put a
label on one of my jokes the other week, and
the introducers ami introducers-of-the-intro
ducers are up in arms. Some of my jokes re
quire tags, brands, signboards, and explana
tions; and that was one of them. It has
made a whole lot of trouble, —same as that
editorial of mine about whipping the Yan
kees again.
Some of my friends expostulated warmly,
and advised against another conflict. Others
vanted (he war put oft until they could finish
&