PAGE TWELVE
CIVILIZATION AND SHOP GIRLS.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Without any tariff at all, the wage earn
er would have to be paid the same as now,
for the simple reason that he cannot live
on less.
Therefore, the tariff has nothing what
ever to do with the fixing of wages. High
duties are imposed, foreign competition
shut out, a law-made monopoly created,
in order that the Capitalist may rob his
laborer with one hand and the American
consumer with the other.
Even when wages are increased the ad
vance in the price of goods deprives the
workman of the benefit of the higher
wage.
Yet, on the Tariff question, as upon the
Public Utilities question, the politicians
who do the dirty work for the Corpora
tions have got the Labor Unions hoo
dooed.
They see nothing strange or wrong
about a system which in Pittsburg, pro
duces Carnegie, Frick, Schwab, and Co
rey, at one end of the line, and 3-dollar
per-week girls, at the other.
Corey can discard a stale wife and buy
a fresh one, no matter how high she
comes.
But his laborers? Their daughters
work in the department store, at $3 per
week in the day time—and at night they
are in the Tenderloin, on their way to
degradation and a grave in the Potter’s
Field.
® ® ®
Governor Smith 9 s Decision.
In the announcement of Governor Hoke
Smith that he will not be a candidate for
the U. S. Senate, the ingenuous Atlanta
Journal discovers an act of sublime self
denial. Properly handled by the able and
resourceful Journal, the announcement
becomes a Great Renunciation. One
would suppose that Hoke had but to say,
‘Barkis is willin’,” and the senatorial
Peggotty would have been his.
How absurd!
It would have hardly been decent for
the Governor to have improvised a brand
new set of convictions on national fin
ance ; and it is certain that no candidate
could be elected to the U. S. Senate who
does not come out, positively, against
national banks of issue, and in favor of
the issue of all currency by the Govern
ment.
A Gold Standard man closely identified
with the repeal of the Silver Purchase
laws and with the Cleveland Bond issues,
might possibly win out in a scrap for the
Senate, but he would certainly have to
hustle. It would not be a mere case of
getting it by saying.
“Barkis is willin’.”
The Gold Standard conspiracy has al
ready cost the country two distressing
panics, and this would be a mighty bad
time for a Gold Standard man to run
for a national office, anywhere in the
South or West
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Trying T 0 Explain.
Blessings on the man who will dis
cover a method of making statements
that will not be misunderstood.
The Jeffersonian offers certain Prem
iums. In each case, it is plainly stated
that the full amount of the subscription
price must be remitted, if the Preimum
is claimed.
Yet some of our agents rake off the
fullest possible amount of Commissions,
send us what is left, and pleasantly in
quire about Premiums.
This is what makes us faint.
When the Premium is claimed, no
commission can be paid.
When commissions are taken out, no
Premium is due.
And may the good Lord sink this great
truth into the minds of all.
•t ®
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. WATSON.
Congress continues to discuss currency
reform with the chances of any reform
measure passing at this session growing
less and less.
The Aldrich bill will do more harm
than good, for it permits national banks
to emit emergency notes upon such se
curity as Harriman railroad bonds, while
the bonds of New York City would be
insufficient security for the same purpose.
The McKinney bill, the one approved
by the American Bankers’ Association,
provides for an emergency fiat currency
to be issued by the banks upon payment
of only two and one-half per cent per
annum.
This bill is perhaps worse than the Al
drich bill for it invites the national banks
to lock their money in their vaults, cry
“emergency,” issue “emergency money”
which costs them two and one-half per
cent per annum, and lend it at any rate
of interest they see fit to extort from those
who are compelled to have money.
While they do rot give us the needed
currency reform, the two bills introduced
by Senator Culberson, of Texas, are far
better than either of these two national
bank measures. One of the Culberson
bills requires country banks to keep their
money reserve in their own vaults instead
of lending three-fifths of it to Wall street.
The other requires that interest be paid
upon government deposits in national
banks, the rate being higher in the spring
than in the fall, thus favoring a return of
the money into the treasury when not
actually needed.
These measures would help keep money
in circulation where it is legitimately
needed, instead of in the hands of Wall
street gamblers.
H
Perhaps the strongest message sent to
Congress in recent years was the special
message sent by Mr. Roosevelt on last
Friday Beginning with a request for the
re-enactment of the employers’ liability
law, in accordance with the recent decis
ion of the United States Supreme Court,
the message takes ten thousand words to
show the present condition of affairs, and
there is not a superfluous word in the
ten thousand.
Every important question is dealt with
fearlessly, and every blow is delivered
straight from the shoulder.
Plundering corporations are called by
name, and a remedy for putting a stop
to their methods is plainly told.
Unscrupulous heads of the corporations
who do the rascally scheming are de
nounced, and their tools who execute
their orders are designated their “pup
pets.”
In speaking of the attacks upon his ad
ministration by the corporations, the
President said:
“Keynote of Attacks.
“The keynote of all these attacks upon
the effort to secure honesty in business
and in politics is well expressed in brazen
protests against any effort for the moral
regeneration of the business world on the
ground that it is unnatural, unwarranted
and injurious, and that business panic is
the necessary penalty for such effort to
secure business honesty. The morality of
such a plea is precisely as great as if
made on behalf of the men caught in a
gambling establishment when that gam
bling establishment is raided by the po
lice. If such words mean anything they
mean that those whose sentiments they
represent stand against the effort to bring
about a moral regeneration of business
which will prevent a repetition of the in
surance, banking and street railroad scan
dals in New York; a repetition of the
Chicago and Alton deal; a repetition of
the combination between certain profes
sional>politicians, certain professional la
bor leaders and certain big financiers,
from the disgrace of which San Francisco
has just been rescued; a repetition of the
successful effort by the Standard Oil peo
ple to crush out every competitor, to over
awe the common carriers, and to estab
lish monopoly which treats the public
with a contempt which the public de
serves so long as it permits men of such
principles and such sentiments to avow
and act on them with impunity. The out
cry against stopping dishonest practices
among wrongdoers who happen to be
wealthy is precisely similar to the outcry
raised against every effort for cleanliness
and decency in city government, because,
forsooth, it will ‘hurt business.’ ”
The effect of such a message may be
imagined. Democrats and Republicans
alike cheered it to the echo, except the
corporation tools in Congress, who were
completely routed. There is no question
as to who is the strongest man to lead
the reform forces to victory this year, for
the people, regardless of party, consider
Mr. Roosevelt the man to do for the coun
try wha> the country needs done to relieve
it of corporation rule.