PAGE TWELVE
Mr. Taft and Papa's Hierarchy
(concluded from page one)
Ln heathen temples, a bevy of beautiful
young women were constantly kept on hand,
to sell their favors for the benefit of the
priests.
These abominations actually invaded Ju
dea; and they spread their indescribable or
gies in and around the 'Temple in Jerusalem.
Among certain Oriental peoples, the priest is
so revered that it is considered an honor to
the family to have him occupy the nuptial
couch with the bride, on the first night after
the marriage.
In parts of India, and other portions of
the Eastern world, the priest is invariably
called in to deflower the bride.
The Roman Catholic priests and friars im
posed that damnable abuse of clerical power
on the Philippine Islanders, AND PRESI
DENT TAFT KNOWS IT.
President McKinley appointed a commis
sion to inquire into conditions in the Philip
pines, and Mr. Taft was Chairman of it.
The report made by the commission is
known as Senate Document No. 190.
OVER MR. TAFT'S OWN SIGNA
TURE, AND THAT OF PRESIDENT
McKINLEY, the h orrlble statement is made
that hundreds of men and women were liv
ing together in adultery, because the priests
refused to perform the marriage ceremony,
UNLESS THE OFFICIATING “MAN
OF GOD" WERE ALLOWED TO SPEND
THE FIRST NIGHT WITH THE
BRIDE.
That is hideous enough—but do you not see
that it proves something far more revolting?
Those hundreds of husbands who would not
yield their brides to the lustful embraces of
the Catholic priests, WERE THE EXCEP
TIONS TO THE RULE.
The ride itself was. that all husbands had.,
to submit. IN ALL THE OTHER CASES,
THE BRIDE HAD TO ACCEPT THE
CATHOLIC PRIEST AN HER BED
FELLO W FOR THE FIRST NIGHT.
Other witnesses before the Taft commis
sion testified, that the priests and friars had
no morality at all; and that no native girl or
woman, old or young, w T as safe from their
licentious pursuit.
Against these awful conditions,. the Fili
pinos rose in revolt against Spain. THE
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT AC
CEPTED AGUIN ALDO, AND OTHER
FILIPINO CHIEFS, AN AZZZ#N, IN
THE SPANISH WAR. Then, when Spain
had been easily whipped—poor old decrepit
thing!— our great and good Government
made ruthless war upon our late allies, sub
dued them to submission, AND HANDED
THEM OVER TO THE CATHOLIC
PRIESTS AGAIN.
Not only that, Mr. Taft gave the friars
$7,000,000 ‘ for their dishonestly-acquired
land.
Recently, President Taft has been making,
at Baltimore and other places, enthusiastic
speeches in favor of Eoreign Missions; and
he has taken occasion to eulogize, in the high
est terms, the work of the Catholic priests in
the Philippines. HE DID NOT, HOW
EVER. TELL HIS ENRAPTURED AU
DIENCES THAT ONE OF THE
“WORKS" OF THE PRIESTS AND
FRIARS IS THAT OF DOING THE
HUSBAND'S DUTY ON THE WED
DING NIGHT.
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE FARMERS’ UNION!
Boys, won’t you see me a fair fight? Make
those Union City would-be Bosses meet me in the
open. Make them stop this private-letter and
secret-meeting policy. THEY ARE DUPING YOU
WITH LIES.
MAKE THEM FIGHT FAIR!
Obe ‘Saffarsontati
How easy it is to humbug the people.
(When I finish the Socialist chapters in
the Magazine,—my intention is to give
Papa’s hierarchy such a shake-up as they
haven’t ever had in America.)
A Young Man, of the Self-Right
eous Variety, is Very Hard
on Mr. Watson
(concluded from page nine)
said what the two newspapers reported, he
should have produced an affidavit, or signed
statement, ,ar letter, from Rev. Walter Man
sell, (in pilose church the lecture was deliv
ered,) or from Mrs. Mansell, (who gave one
of the reporters an account of the lecture over
the telephone,) or from some member of the
audience who heard Dr. Wakefield.
Was not that reasonable?
Consider the facts a moment:
One of the Christian girls w T ho had, against
her father’s will, devoted herself to Chinese
mission work, in New York, had been se
duced, and then foully murdered by her
“converts”. The whole country was aroused.
The public had not had the faintest concep
tion of what the misionaries kept covered up.
The Elsie Sigel case revealed hideous condi
tions which no one had dreamed of.
The New York preachers began to give out
interviews. Ihe Rev. Dr. Asa Blackburn
said, that if the whole truth about the busi
ness were known, the nation would be horri
fied. And Dr. Blackburn has not crawfished.
The Rev. Dr. MacArthur, using different
language, strongly corroborated Dr. Black
burn. He has since t rawfished.
Mrs. Florence Todd, an experienced mis
sionary worker, testified to the same horrors
that Dr. Blackburn described. N/ic has not
crawfished.
Miss Helen Clark, missionary worker of
long experience, declared that she had seen
around her, on all sides, ruined homes and
blighted lives, as the result of assigning to
each Chinaman a white girl as teacher.
Mrs. Charlotte Smith, President of The
National Woman’s Industrial League, spoke
even more emphatically of the wickedness
and folly of sacrificing pure white girls, in
the hopeless effort to Christianize Chinamen.
Now, in the midst of this uproar about
Elsie Sigel, and her “converts”, Dr. Paul
Wakefield lectured on Missions, in the Chris
tian Church, in Crawfordsville. The New
York tragedy was one of the things that he
discussed. In substance, he was reported to
have said, that there were very many other
tragedies of the same sort as the Sigel case,
consequent upon mission work among the
Chinese; and that, “We missionaries have
known of this a long time." 1
How did those reports of Wakefield's lec
ture get into the newspapers?
One of them was dictated to the reporter,
Mr. Charles Bowers, by Dr. Wakefield him
self. BOWERS SAYS SO. AND DR.
WAKEFIELD HAS NEVER DENIED
IT!
The Bowers report was written down, as
Wakefield talked. Mr. Bow ers wrote me that
some of Wakefield’s statements were too in
decent to print. This dictation was given in
Wakefield’s room, previous to the delivery of
the lecture.
The other report was made after the lecture
had been delivered. Mrs. Mansell, the
preacher’s wife, talked to Mr. Clifford Peter
son, over the telephone, giving him the main
points of the address.
The report which the Christian lady made,
after the lecture, corresponded in every essen
tial, with that which Wakefield dictated to
Bowers.
How could such a corroboration occur, if
Wakefield had said “just the opposite", as he
afterwards claimed?
After this powerful evidence had been laid
by me before the public, what did young
Wakefield do? NOTHING. He can not
produce so much as a letter to back him up.
Doesn’t your common sense tell you that, had
it been possible, he would have obtained A
LETTER FROM REV. MANSELL, AND
FROM MRS. MANSELL, or from some
reputable citizens who heard the lecture?
Doctors Wakefield and Corey utterly aban
doned the field, after I had published the
evidence. They ceased to try to prove that
Wakefield’s denials were true. Don’t you
know that Mr. and Mrs. Mansell would have
come to Wakefield's relief, if they could have
conscientiously done so? Don’t you know
that somebody would have written to those
papers, calling attention to the errors in the
reports of the lecture, had they been er
roneous ?
Yet, after Wakefield himself gives up, vir
tually confessing that he crawfished, under
the compulsion of his “Board", here comes
this precocious Solomon, of Tifton, Ga., tell
ing me, in effect, that I know I have been pub
lishing lies on the Illinois missionary!
Young Miller is very seriously annoyed
because of my failure to treat with distin
guished consideration, the witnesses in favor
of Foreign Missions.
Yes, Bro. Towson did mention some good
men who had toured the world, looked in on
the mission work in the foreign field, and
pronounced it good. Haven’t I, time and
again, admitted that what the missionaries
carry to the heathen does them good?
When we go into heathendom, building
commissaries, hospitals, Widows’ homes, Or
phans’ homes, kindergartens, schools, col
leges, etc., of course the heathen are bene
fited. When we feed their hungry, clothe
their naked, physic their sick, perform surgi
cal operations on the afflicted; take care of
their blind, deaf and dumb; teach them how
to farm, and how to work in the various
branches of industry; give them the boon of
free books, free secular education, free mu
sical accomplishments; and teach them how to
cook, make wearing apparel, etc., —of course
all this does good; and the Bryans, Roose
velts, Tafts, Stephenses and others speak
highly of it.
But who knows how many of the “con
verts" professed Christ, to get a share of~
those physical and mental benefits? Think
how irresistibly the poorer classes of heathen
dom are tempted to play the hypocrite, in or
der to get support in a “Home", free board
in a school, free education, free medicine.,
medical attention, and a bountiful supply of
food in a time of famine?
Again, how can a traveller get on the in
side of things, and learn the real facts about
conditions in foreign lands?
Mr. Bryan has been in New York, dozens
of times; but he never suspected the existence
of Elsie Sigel horrors—such as Dr. Black
burn mentioned in his interview in the New
York World.
Mr. Taft has been in New York scores of
times, but he never imagined the existence of
such hideous conditions as were revealed by
the Elsie Sigel case.
Mr. Roosevelt is a native of New York, and
was Police Commissioner of New York City;
but he knew nothing whatever of the fright
ful tragedies incident to Chinese mission
work in that city.
As to Mr. E. W. Stephens, of Missouri, if
he will get Bernard Bogy, (or some other
agggffiMßenal earnings the “Allen Way." Stoneman. $£,300 I
GO days—Langley. slls first day.—Reese saw I
Peop’e, sold 55: result, $323. WE START YOU— 1
perlenee don’t matter —Credit given. Strange ■
llHSafflapparatus. Gives every home bathroom for SO. I
Energizes water. Cleanses almost automatically. I
New, exciting business. Risklo.(apostal)for proof. ■
the Allen mfb. co., 1649 Aiim Bldg., Toißdo L o._|