PAGE SIXTEEN
HOKE SMITH AND HIS NEW
RULES.
Dublin, Ga., March 29, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.,
Dear Sir: I see a great deal in your
weekly Jeffersonian about the elect
ing of a governor by popular vote as
advocated by Hoke Smith. It was
stated in Dublin by one in position to
know that you have advocated this
same thing ever since the Ocala plat
form was adopted, until the last
gubernatorial campaign. Please an
swer through the weekly Jeffersonian
as to the truthfulness of this state
ment.
Your friend and admirer,
C. F. Parker,
R. F. D. No. 4.
Answer: In the State of Georgia
the apportionment of power among
the various counties follows, roughly,
the apportionment of power among the
States of the Union.
In the Senate of the United States,
each State is the equal of every other
State, no matter how great may be
their difference in size, wealth and
population. In the House of Repre
sentatives, however, each State is
represented according to population,
and therefore such States as Illinois
and New York have larger delega
tions and a greater number of votes
than such States as Georgia, Florida,
Delaware and Rhode Island.
In other words, the Federal system
is a mixed one —the representation
in Congress being based partly on
territory and partly on population.
Now, the framers of our State Con
stitution of 1877 adopted a somewhat
similar plan for Georgia. Representa
tion in the Legislature is based partly
upon the territorial unit, the county,
and partly on population. The Senate
stands for territorial equality; the
House stands for numerical differ
ences.
But even in the House, full weight
is not given to population. Even
there, the territorial unit Is regarded.
Thus the smallest county in the State,
no matter how small and poor and
numerically weak, has one member
of the House, whereas the largest
county, no matter how large and rich
and populous, has only three members.
Therefore, the largest cities in the
State can never exert more than three
times the voting power in the House
that is held by the most insignificant
country county.
This being our system, nominating
conventions were made up in confor
mity thereto. As each county was
given, in these conventions, double
the vote which it held in the lower
House of the Legislature, the smallest
county had its two votes while the
biggest county only had six-
Such has been the practice for 31
years. This way of apportioning the
power follows the example set by the
Constitution in creating the Legisla
ture, and it prevents the city rings
and politicians from becoming the
masters of our political affairs.
When Hoke Smith got In office i'ra
1906, he and his immediate friends
decided to change the time-honored
rule. Not a word had been said dur
ing the campaign about the contem
plated change. There was no com-
LEARN VETERINARY DENTISTRY
•nd C£9fl|OO R year. W« teach you at homo In
make th roe mouths of your spare time
by illustrated lectures and graut diploma with degree-
Particuiars Free. Detroit Veterinary DentaL
College. Detroit. Mich.
plaint anywhere against the old rule,
and the people did not suspect that
any change was intended.
Not until the Hoke Smith com mi t
tee published the new rules which
were to govern the primary of June
1908 was it generally known that the
Hoke Smith crowd had decided to
abandon the old rule. Under the new
rule, the nomination was to be decided
by the majority vote, of the whole
State, regardless of the county unit,
reasons:
I opposed these new rules for sev
eral reasons:
1. They deprived the country coun
ties of Constitutional rights which
they had enjoyed for 31 years.
2. They put too much power in the
hands of cit yrings and city manipu
lators.
3. The people had not been consult
ed about the changes and had not
authorized it.
4. I had seen one city (Augusta)
use the Hoke Smith system to stuff
the ballot -boxes and to disfranchise
eleven country counties, depriving the
Tenth Congressional District of the
man of its choice for Congress. I
did not want to see the Boykin
Wrights of Augusta, Savannah, Macon
and Atlanta, ruling the whole State
in the same infamous way.
For these reasons, I fought the new
Hoke Smith rules; and 1 never ren
dered more valuable service to the
country counties, and to the State at
large, than in contributing to the de
feat of that scheme to establish a
despotism of city rings.
As to the Ocala platform, there
isn’t a word in it which is inconsistent
with my course in 1907. We Pops
have always contended for the election
of officers by the people, and for the
initiative and referendum, but we have
never contemplated a revolution of
methods which in State affairs would
make the city the irresistible ruler of
the country, and which in national
affairs would enable Pennsylvania to
overwhelm the State of Georgia.
The locality, the territorial unit,
should be respected, else there is no
check on distant majorities.
That I was right in predicting what
those new Hoke Smith rules would
have done for Georgia, was proved in
the Missouri Senatorial primary. That
State has the Hoke Smith rule, and
in the contest between the honest re
former, Joe Folk, and the corporation
tool, Bill Stone, the reformer lost.
Why? Because the city rings of St.
Louis and Kansas City preferred
Stone. About two-thirds of the coun
ties went for Folk, but the two big
cities beat him. Such a thing can not
happen to us, thanks to the fight we
made on Hoke’s new rules.
T. E. W.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions were
passed at the county union of Rich
mond County on March 27, 1909.
The resolutions are as follows:
Whereas, We, the members of the
Farmer’s Union in Richmond County,
knowing the necessity of education
and seeing the same neglected by the
white people of the State of Georgia,
-do respectfully offer the following
resolutions:
Resolved, first, That we, the mem
bers of the Farmers* Union in Rich
mond County, do respectfully request
Tsl?e. 3®ffersonian
FREE Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form- £1
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp* L £L
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and ■ Xrf |>lf
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the I >1 S
treatment so many are looking: for. what they should have ’~N~ri -55■ ’p—*
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It M JLH
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you |O ft A| IMI
have had your trouble,Vitaline will easily over- Bg| LhJjl B1 ■. n IQ'™l1 Q '™l
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.” w\\
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, - _
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack /
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor Ok—Z ■
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. .11 youhaVs J doX ri a doli.r
STOMACHTROUBL^ff US I
gestlon, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick headache, Bloated, 4 n^ h L n 5 ,or * unt L P *»I
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. a glad haart that you haVa at last found ■
Gnawing, Nervousness. X right medicine. Pay us no money I
UFA PT WFAKNFSt Fluttering, Skipping, Palplta- ••«•«** «<* «“""<• • n w d ■
nt An I WtAKMtW—„ on PaJ »’ ln eart ’ t 81do or it’e all left to your judgement and say- ■
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or ao. which we abide by —that l , th. ■
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbipg in understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. Vitaline tablets acton the Vita- I
PATADDU Hawking,Spitting, Nose Running Watery Organs that generate the vital warmth I
uaiannn- nr yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, • and the nerve force which makes one I
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains feel strong, vigorous and healthy, ■
In Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may U X equal to all the duties and pleasures of ■
be Catarrh. Jw robust strength and life. They give you ■
blood y.*:
V.U., Rash, •“ 1
Loss or I 1 lesh and strength. vltallnetabletsaTeguaranteedunder V
- U. S. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial ■
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81. 152 Lake St.. No. 3877-you have never had anything g
Chicago- 1 enclose four cents postage. Send at once like them, combining their wonderful ■
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets * healing and strengthening power,
on trial, and if it proves satisfactory I will send you We send you our beautifully lllustra- I
SI.OO. otherwise I Will pay you nothing. ted book, •‘Vitality’’—you have never ■
RMMi seen one like it. Our testimonials from ■
„ . people cured after ten to forty years of ■
.Name doctoring will convince you of all we I
claim for Vitaline. ■
Address ———
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, 1 will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
our legislators of this county to do
all in their power to enact a compul
sory education law to compel the
white children of the State of Georgia
to go to school at least four months
in every year; and, be it further
resolved,
That we urgently request all the
locals and county unions in the State
of Georgia to pass similar resolutions
in behalf of the white children of the
State; and resolved further,
That a copy of these resolutions be
sent to our legislators of Richmond
County and to our Senator of the
Eighteenth Senatorial?; District, and
also to the following newspapers with
Request to publish the same: The
Union News, The Jeffersonian and
The Augusta Herald.
Dr. J. P. H. Brown, Pres.
Wallace Clark, Secy.-Treas.
A SHAMPOO.
A shampoo used to be the trial of
my life. The hair-dresser would let
all the hair fall on my shoulders, thus
beginning the tangling process. Then
she held me over a basin and the
tangling proceeded. The performance
took at least an hour. I could see
and —worse —feel the combfuls of hair
that she was extracting from my none
too-abundant supply. If I protested,
she remarked cheerfully, “No hair is
coming out that is not diseased. It
would have come out anyway?’ Now
I wash my own hair and nothing
would induce me to go back to a
shampooer. I can do it in fifteen
minutes, with very little more “pull-
ing,” and not any more loss of hair,
than in an ordinary combing. I wash
my comb and brush the night before.
Then in the morning, before taking
my bath, I loosen my hair, but do not
let it fall on my shoulders, hold my
head over the wash-bowl, and scrub
thoroughly. I use a good, unscented
soap, rubbing with the ends of my
fingers and a nail brush. Three or
four minutes of rubbing is sufficient
if the hair is washed every three or
four weeks. I rinse off tne worst of
the soap over the wash bowl, then I
get into my bath. This makes possible
an easy and thorough rinsing. My
finishing cold douche takes In my head
especially, for I find it enables me to
do up my hair while still a little damp
and not take cold. The best way,
however, is to let it dry thoroughly
in the sun. One great secret of no
tangles is that not once in all the
process do I let the hair get out of its
usual place on the head—high or low.
Another 1 ‘knack” one learns is to
let water flow from the faucet on the
hair so as to tend to untangle any
snarls that may have crept in. Some
times I can straighten out tangles
while it lies before me in the water.
My hair is very long and exasperat
ingly fine. —L. R. M., in Success Maga
zine.
SSr/SVhisELEGANT Watch $3-22
Hunting caae beautifully engraved,gold Hniabed through
”ies out.tbln model. item wind and atam aal. ftttad with arich-
)y jewe>*dmoveman , guarante*d2oy«arH.wiQ>)oag
K°id plaUd chain for ladle, or veat chain for font*.
IF YOU SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT
bet ua sand 11C. 0. I>. by upr.M for your examl-
JjrPfltSr«CwWMK?tW nation and If you think It • bargain and equal la
iMWHraflßMfclHßlKa appoatnuee to any C15.0U gold Hied watch pay the
M|axprMe agent our ep.01.1 .ample price I 8 60 and
.xpreaa charges and it Isyoura. Our 2d year guaran
tee and chain sent with each watch. Bend your nam.
post office and eipraaa office addraae. mention If yon
with Ganta or Ladtea ala. and w. will wad at oom.
WQPVJLC.FARBRH, A22, 225 Dearb«rnßt t’hlengo,yl.