PAGE FOURTEEN
JACKSON’S HERMITAGE.
(Continued from Page Three.)
last- another century, judging from the mass
iveness of its timbers, of which there are
enough now in its construction to build a small
village. There is but one bridge in the coun
try that has more timber in it —the railroad
bridge to Waterford, above Troy. Some dis
tance from the Hermitage stands the old brick
church, which we passed, which Gen. Jackson
built, and was in the habit of worshipping in
when he lived at the Hermitage. After taking
a side road at the church and leaving the pike
we shortly arrived in front of the Hermitage,
which is reached from the road through a
long avenue, which is lined on either
side with great arching ancestral trees,
left there and cared for by Gen. Jack
son with special interest in his lifetime. The
Hermitage plantation originally contained sev
eral hundred acres of beautiful and rich roll
ing land where he cultivated an extensive
plantation after he resigned from the Su
preme Court in 1804.
When Jackson took up his residence there
in 1804 he- named it the Hermitage. He built
the log house in which he went to reside which
is still standing at the present time. It
has been preserved from complete decay by
the Ladies’ Hermitage Association, which in
augurated its work by restoring and preserv
ing this home of the old hero, in which he
lived until 1819, fully fifteen years, when he
built the more imposing mansion, the site of
which he selected on an eminence 500 yards
from the old log cabin home, but near enough
to the old crystal spring to enable the young
darkies to “tote” water to the new grand
mansion. This they did arrayed in all the
glory of the picturesque cotton shirts woven
on the plantation in the summer time, balanc
ing the pails upon their heads. The original
log house contained but three rooms, one on
the ground floor and two upstairs. To this
house after a time was added a smaller log
house twenty-five feet distant and connected
by a covered passageway.
This was Jackson’s house for fifteen years
of his eventful life. The old cabin still stands
in all its primitive glory, but cut down one
story by Jackson, and after he removed into
the more pretentious mansion it was utilized
for negro quarters. The day before it came
to the care of the Ladies’ Hermitage Associa
tion the chimney fell, carrying away the ga
ble end. It was restored with all the stones
in the old fireplace, as they were when Jack
son passed so many nights before the blazing
fire that burned on his own hearthstone. The
old log cabin is a delightful reminiscence.
From here went forth Jackson to the war, hag
gard and anxious, and returning still haggard
but his face illumined by the light of great
historic victories. From these doors he ■went
to New Orleans, and returned through them
illustrious, and was henceforth crowned with
the laurels of victory. Under the roof of this
humble log cabin Gen. Jackson received many
distinguished visitors. Here on May 29, 1805,
came Aaron Burr on his first visit, an hon
ored guest of Gen. Jackson, and stayed in the
old cabin that had but two rooms on the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ground floor, and then two above. Burr was
then in the height of his pbpularity, having
but just descended from the chair of the Vice-
Presidency. He here received a frontier ova
tion, remained for several days, and returned
as a guest to the log cabin Hermitage on Aug.
6, 1805. These visits put the suspicion on
Jackson of having been connected with Burr’s
schemes, but he subsequently successfully
proved his innocence. This old log cabin was
then even a more pretentious residence than
many of his well-off neighbors could boast.
In this old house domestic bliss, thrift, and
economy reigned, and the sturdy hero and his
charming wife were happy. They had no chil
dren, and, to supply this drawback, in 1809
they adopted one of Mrs. Jackson’s nephews,
one of twins, when three days old, christening
the boy Andrew Jackson, Jr. His descendants
still live at the Hermitage. The other twin
brother became Thomas Donelson of Phila
delphia, who was still living when we visited
the Hermitage. This baby boy became the
great delight of the General and his wife, v
Parton says that Jackson loved his wife and
adopted child “with that entireness which be
longs of the love of men, and to them only
whose lives are pure from puberty to gray
hairs.” Gen. and Mrs. Jackson entertained
hospitably in their log cabin, and often had
not only a single person but a whole family
in their four rooms or circling about the capa
cious fireplace, whose back log gave out ample
warmth. Their neighbors were wont to say
that the Jacksons were royal entertainers, be
cause the poor, belated peddlar was as wel
come as the President of the United States.
The bricks for the new Hermitage mansion
were all burnt upon the place, and the build
ing when completed was one of the most im
posing in that part of the country, being both
substantial and spacious. This building was
destroyed by fire and rebuilt in 1836 upon the
old plan, and just as it now stands. The
main building has two large rooms on each
side, opening into the spacious hallway, and
upstairs the same, making eight large rooms,
with a pillared portico in front. There are
wings on either side. The one on the right
was occupied by Gen. Jackson as an office.
That on the left was the large state dining
room, where the General often entertained
distinguished guests at dinner parties, the
hero of the Hermitage always being the light
and life of the occasion. In 1828, when Jack
son was about to leave for Washington to as
sume the Presidency, Mrs. Jackson died.
When the house was destroyed by fire she lost
her wardrobe and most of her personal ef
fects. She had given many beautiful articles
to her relatives, who retained them as souve
nirs, so that only a few of her personal effects
are now at the Hennitage, but the old home
stead is now filled with souvenirs, relics, and
furniture which the old hero had accumulated
in his lifetime. It is to keep these relies in
the Hermitage that the Ladies’ Hermitage As
sociation is now struggling to raise $15,000.
The original price for the relics was $17,500,
but $2,500 of this sum has been provided for.
Unless $15,000 is raised by the first of July,
1903, the relics left by Gen. Jackson will be
taken from the Hermitage, sold, and scattered
throughout the country. Forty-four years aft
er Gen. Jackson’s death the Ladies’ Hermi
tage Association was formed to have the care
of the Hermitage and to keep intact there
all the historic relics and articles which he
had collected in his lifetime, which he had
used, and which were left in the Hermitage
at his death. All these relics are now at the
Hermitage, and the association will struggle
to raise $15,000 by the Ist of July next to keep
them there forever.
How these relics have been kept at the Her
mitage, and how they are now in danger of
being sold and scattered should be explained.
We have mentioned the adoption of a son and
heir to Gen. Jackson and his wife, who took
on the name of Andrew Jackson, Jr. This
Andrew Jackson, Jr., had grown to manhood
when the General was elected President. He
married in the first year of Jackson’s second
term and took his beautiful young bride to the
White House, where, after the death of Mrs.
Emily Donelson, she became the Lady of the
White House for the rest of his term, though
the histories of that period have not fully ac
corded her that position. This gentle Mrs.
Sarah Jackson was greatly beloved by the
General, and he always spoke of her most af
fectionately as “my dear daughter,” and her
children, his grandchildren by adoption, were
the idols of his declining years. One of them
is the present Col. Andrew Jackson, now the
resident of the Hermitage, and the owner of
the relics, furniture, etc., in the mansion. To
his adopted son, Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Gen
eral willed all of his real and personal estate
except a few minor bequests to nephews and
namesakes. Thus Andrew Jackson, Jr., ac
quired the Hermitage and its belongings, and
lived there until 1856, when he sold to the
State of Tennessee the Hermitage and 500
acres of the old homestead for $48,000. The
State intended to present it to the United
States Government for the establishment of a
branch of the West Point Military Academy.
The unsettled politics of the country and
strife of 1861 coming on, Andrew Jackson, Jr.,
still kept on living at the Hermitage, waiting
for the State to take possession. He had plan
ned to remove to one of his estates in Louis
iana, but remained at the request of the Gov
ernor until some disposition could be made of
the property.
Thus the war found the Hermitage with the
Jackson family still there. All the young sons
of Andrew, Jr., went off into the Confederate
service, and Andrew, Jr., while out hunting,
wounded himself with a gun, from the effects
of which he died. This left Mrs. Sarah Jack
son a widow at the Hermitage, with only a
widowed sister, Mrs. Marian Adams, as a
companion, and a few faithful old colored ser
vants as protectors. At this time Major-Gen.
George 11. Thomas, U. S. A., who now sleeps
his* last sleep in Oakwood Cemetery, Troy, N.
Y., was in command of the post in the Nash
ville district. Seeing that the Hermitage was
without protection, and w T as being devastated
and raided by soldiers, he sent a guard there
to protect the place, and he detailed men to
put it in order. They beautified the grounds,
trimmed the trees, worked the garden, and
remained there until the close of the war.