PAGE SIXTEEN
Some More Letters
A GENEROUS FRIEND.
Flovilla, Ga., Nov. 16, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Mr. Watson: I received
your letter some time ago asking me
to work for your paper. I have been
quite busy of late, but will now see
what I can do. I see you are not
much disconcerted over the result of
the election. Your vote was small
in this town. Bryan’s vote was small
here, too; the people did no£ turn
out to vote much, though there were
some voted for you here that never
did before. I hope that you will yet
be seen as you are. I realize that you
have been to great expense in the peo
ple’s cause. I therefore enclose you
my check for $5.00 to help you that
much. Hoping you a long and happy
life, I remain your true friend,
A. B. Smith.
EFFORTS BEARING FRUIT.
Lawrenceville, Ga„ Nov. 7, 1908.
Hon. T. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: I suppose you
are already in possession of the com
plete returns of the election. You
don’t need any information, or ad
vice on that.
While we are disappointed at losing
the county and State for you, yet we
are happy to know that Bryan lost
our county by nearly 300 majority.
Taft got 541, Bryan, 691; Watson,
392. Bryan carried six districts, you
carried six and Taft eight.
Our boys only lacked enthusiasm.
And the rain in the afternoon is the
only thing that put us behind, as the
country vote was for you by a good
majority. When our enemies could
not vote a man for Bryan they put
him on Taft.
Through an oversight in Dr. Kelley
or myself, I hardly know which, we
failed to get tickets to one district,
“Cains,” therefore we failed to get a
single vote there; but it went for
Taft over two to one.
It was a very busy time, rain and
the needed enthusiasm cut us down;
and then some who did not want to
vote for you stayed at home because
they could not vote against you.
But most of our votes came from
those who had supported Hoke Smith.
But few of the Brown men voted
with us. They Avent for Taft or
Bryan.
If we will but hold our ground now,
I believe we will gain and those who
were “sore” or indifferent will fall
in line.
I feel like we won a glorious vic
tory, even if we did not do as well
as we would have liked to.
Your efforts are bearing fruit and
the Democrats (so-called) will have
to “get right” or pass out. Their
grip on old Georgia, thank God! is
broken.
All we need is to get the people to
read our literatue.
Had I the time to spare I would
see to it that the people of this coun
ty read our doctrine.
In the school room, on the hustings
of the “Union” and my little farm
ing interests consume my time.
But if the opportunity ever pre-
sents itself again if I don’t take the
stump for you, so help me God!
Am so glad I met you while you
were here! God bless you in your
work to better our cause!
May you be spared to make the
corrupt politicians tremble for a long
time is my prayer.
When I can aid you any time let
me know.
Your friend,
J. A. Smith.
KEEP THE FAITH AND NAME.
Coffee Springs, Ala., Nov. 14, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.:
Well, I see some of the Pops are
speaking of calling a convention for
the purpose of formulating plans for
the future. That is the thing to do.
Let us have a convention, and let it
be in the Southern States somewhere.
I am not in favor of crossing the
Mason and Dixon line to hold it. Let
all of us in the South that want to
see this great old South come to the
front and have that respect that she
is entitled to, join in with us in this
fight for reform. There is but one
way for her to get this respect, and
that is w r ell known by all thinking
people who want to do what is right
for the many. I want to see a con
vention of the Southern States called,
and I w r ant to see every one of them
represented, and plans out for
the next four years. We need organ
izing, and this we must have to ac
complish anything. I notice some of
our people speaking of a new name
for our party. This I do not think
necessary, from the fact the Populist
party has established its name and de
mands, and it is very well understood
what they are, and both the old par
ties accept them to a degree, and to
start a party with a new name means
only the same thing we have passed
through to establish our name and
principles, yet they may be the same,
and it gives the old parties a stick to
paste our heads with. Let’s keep our
old name, and keep the faith that was
first delivered to the saints. Mr.
Watson, may the God of heaven bless
you, and make you able to carry out
the true Jeffersonian principles.
Your friend,
W. W. Smith.
THE FIGHT NOT OVER.
Marietta, Ga., Nov. 11, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Tom: The election, but not
the fight, is over. You made a good
fight. I did all I could for you up
here. You beat Bryan 5 to 1 in this
Oregon district. Beat the field 3 to 1.
Excessive rain caused light vote. To
my certain knowledge half the Popu
lists here did not vote, only the faith
ful few. I am sending you a ’ copy
of a letter I have just written to the
S. C. R. I. Red Cockerels
FOR SALE. SI.OO EACH
Pure bred and from prize
winning stock. Males only
for sale.
MRS. FRANK HAMES, Route No. 6, Madison, Ga.
Jeffersonian
Atlanta Journal. See how I do
’em.
I wish you complete rest and a clear
conscience always.
Yours to the end,
John Brantley.
Route No. 4, Box 29,
TO BE A GREAT AWAKENING.
Thomasville, Ga., Nov. 9, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: While our vote was not
as large as expected I don’t think we
should be disheartened. I feel that
the fight has just begun. Bryan has
led his forces to their Waterloo, and
I feel like there will be a great
JOUANNET’S GIANT ARGENTEUIL ASPARAGUS ARE THE
BEST. Price: 100 Roots $1; 1000 for $5.
JOUANNET’S CABBAGE PLANTS GIVE SATISFACTION. ALL
Leading Varieties. Prices: 1000 for $1.25; 5000 and over $1 a
1000.
Everything shipped from Charleston, S. C. Cash with order! please.
ALFRED JOUANNET, Mount Pleasant, S. C.
*
A Bargain In Law Books
English and American Encyclopedia of Law, 32 volumes
and supplements, complete.
Encyclopedia of Pleading and Practice, 30 volumes and
supplements, complete.
In fine condition. Can be bought cheap for cash,
or on reasonable terms.
THE (JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
Sensible, Useful Gifts for
ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN HANDSOME SINGLE PAIR BOXES VjjAFviMlOT
They contain more and better rubber than any other make, have gold
gilt non-rusting metal parts and strong cord ends that cannot wear Jr
* through. The new back free action permits ease and comfort no
JffigjSaSgEMsay matter what position the body may assume. .
They outwear three ordinary kinds, which means
three times the service of usual 50 cent sorts, RRn
JBHSwKgSBB The Most Comfortable Suspender Made for Man. Youth or Boy
B In Light, Heavy or Extra Heavy Weights. Extra Long (No Extra Cost) 1
B They make inexpensive gifts every man, youth or boy will gladly receive B
I HEWES & POTTER, Dept. ,87 Lincoln St., Boston, Mass. I
. B Our useful Bull Dos Svspkxdkb Comb aim Cass mailed for 10c. postage. Instructive I '
| booklet, ‘ ‘Style, or How to Dress Correctly, ” free if you mention this publication ■
A DOLLAR BILL
Inclosed in an envelope, with your name and address, will bring you
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
FOR TWELVE MONTHS
You cannot afford to miss a number. In every issue throughout 1909
will be one of those inimitable, chatty, personal, historical and bio
graphical sketches by Mr. Watson the little things which bring history
right home to you and make you live with the great personages and take
past in the mighty pageantries of vnished days.
The History of the Life and Times of Andrew Jackson will re-com
mence in the January number —the earliest moment at which it could be
resumed. The Educational Department will also be restored.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, :: Thomson, Ga.
20,000 Grafted Paper Shell
PECAN TREES
3t04;4 to 5; sto 7 and 7to 9 feet. Write me for
book on pecan culture and prices on trees.
C. A. YANCEY, Bunkie, La.
awakening on the lines of true Dem
ocracy in the next four years.
You did not poll half of your real
strength in Georgia. There were
thousands who voted for Taft or
Bryan who had rather have voted for
you had there been any chance for
your election. I did all I could, in
my humble way, for you and the
cause for which you stand. I hope
you will not feel discouraged, I hope
you will carry on the good work till
the victory is ours.
Please publish as early as possible
the vote from each State, I mean your
vote, in which you had electors.
Yours very truly,
C. S. Barwick.