PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
Carnegie and Bryan.
At the dinner of the economic club New
York, there was a sharp clash between Lyman
J. Gage, ex-secretary of the treeasury, and
Andrew Carnegie on the one hand and W. J.
Bryan on the other. It was brought about
by the financial question.
**
Prohibition Convention Called.
The national convention of the prohibition
party has been called to meet at Columbus,
0., July 15.
Hughes After Kelsey.
Governor Hughes again urges the senate
to remove Kelsey. This is his second formal
demand for the removal of superintendent
of insurance.
War Sure Declares Hobson.
Congressman Hobson declares that war be
tween Japan and United States is inevitable.
He says, “Navy is America’s only national
Insurance.”
Japan has ordered $125,000,000 worth of
war ships since her war with Russia. Japan
has added five divisions to her army since her
war with Russia. Japan will soon have eight
new battleships ready for service.
Lincoln Would Hold Philippines.
Secretary Taft, in a speech before the Lin
coln club banquet at Grand Rapids, Mich.,
claimed that the martyred president would
support Roosevelt policy if alive, and would
hold the Philippines.
Clay on Currency Bill.
Senator Clay of Georgia analyzed the Aid
rich bill in a speech before the senate and de
clared it was wrong and vicious and would
give no relief to the south and west.
Troops Called For.
By direction of the president, Acting Secre
tary Oliver Thursday ordered a company of
infantry from Fort Gibbon, in Alaska, to
Fairbanks, in that territory, to preserve
order during the mining strike in that section.
Champ Clark Makes Speech.
Representative Champ Clark of Missouri
held the attention of the House of Represen
tatives for over an hour in an addreess upon
the President’s recent special message to
Congress, the financial disturbance of last
fall and the tariff question.
Harriman to Answeer.
Justice Hough of the Unites States circuit
court has ordered E. H. Harriman to answer
the questions which he refused to answer be
fore the inter-state commerce commission.
The questions refer to the holdings of the
Union and Southern Pacific.
Trapped By Ice.
On the ice of Saginaw Bay Michigan, five
miles from the shore one hundred and sixty
five fishermen have been trapped by the thaw.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
The ice is covered with water two or three
feet deep.
Black Criticises Roosevelt.
Ex-Governor Frank S. Black of New York,
made a vicious attack upon president Roose
velt and his policies in a speech at the annual
dinner of the home market club.
Cervera’s Captor Dead.
George H. Norman, who, when a lieutenant
in the army, captured admiral Cervera at
Santiago, died recently at the Corry Hill
hospital in Boston.
People’s Party Convention.
The People’s party state convention of
lowa, will hold a meeting in the lowa house
in the city Des Moines lowa, Thursday Feb.
20, 1908. '
Women Go to Jail.
Airs. Parkhurst the leader of the woman
suffragist, and other delegates of the organi
zation were arrested in London. All of them
went to jail for a term of six weeks.
Chili to Welcome Fleet.
Great preparations are being made for
the greeting of the American fleet of war
ships as it passes Valparaiso. Special ex
cursions will carry thousands into the city,
who are anxious to see the fleet.
Japan Wants Loan.
The report is current in banking circles that
Japan is trying to float a loan in Paris through
the Bank of Paris.
Assembly After Gomez.
Gomez was unseated by a vote of forty to
thirty-five, after a series of exciting ses
sions in the assembly.
Thaw Celebrates Birthday.
• Harry K. Thaw celebrated his birthday.
He is thirty-seven years old. A mass of
flowers in his room in the asylum testify to
the thoughtfulness of his wife.
Russia Preparing for War.
The ministry of war is preparing plans for
the speedy conversion of Vladivostok into a
first class fortress. The work to be completed
within three years.
Coal Miners Strike.
Three hundred miners employed in the
mines owned by the Pittsburg coal company,
went on a strike Feb. 4.
Target for Heavy Gun.
The navy department has under con
sideration probably the most startling test of
the penetrating power of shells, and the re
sisting poser of armor that ever has been
tried in any of the worlds’ navies.
The proposition is simple. It is to have
the monitor Arkansas, now being prepared for
the test, fire a 12-inch shell weighing 850
pounds from a sixty-ton gun a distance of two
miles and have it strike the turret of the Ar-
kansas sister ship, the Florida, which is being
placed in readiness for the trial.
The astounding part of the test is the propo
sition to have in the turret of the Florida at
the time of the impact a full turret crew of
12 men. The question of having a crew in
the turret was discussed at length in the navy
department. All paper figures, all statistics
so far as weight of metal thrown, heat gen
erated by impact, resistance power of ar
mor, and other details would indicate that
the men in the turret would come out safe
except for the shock.
Thirty Towns Visited.
Professor Soule since starting out one week
ago, with his educational train has visited
thirty towns. The special train traveled
more than a thousand miles.
Taft Visits Hartford.
Secretary of war Taft during his visit to
Hartford addressed abig gathering at
foot guard hall, and later he was guest of
honor at the annual dinner of the Hartford-
Yale alumni association.
Prince Visits Tomb.
The sensation of Paris this week was the
visit of Prince Eitel, to the tomb of Napo
leon.
Oklahoma for Bryan.
Seventy-five counties hold primaries, and
all instructed for Bryan.
Detectives Waited for Morse.
Banker Morse was arrested when the steam
er arrived from Liverpool.
Governors to Meet Roosevelt.
President Roosevelt has invited all the
governors throughout the states, to visit
Washington in the month of May, to consider
plans for the conservation of the national
resources.
Flood in Pennsylvania.
Damage and suffering in and about Pitts
burg is widespread. Thousands of persons in
the upper stories and are using skiffs as a
means of transportation. The suffering caus
ed by the high water is intense.
Labor Fuss in Oklahoma.
The introduction of Bulgarian labor into
Oklahoma has already caused an international
entanglement, because of a Bulgarian camp
near Stroud being robbed by highwaymen, and
additional trouble is expected any day in the
coal mining district, where Bulgarians in
numbers have been imported.
N. L. WILLET SEED CO.
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA.
Planting Cotton Seeds
Largest dealers in America. Write for our
1908 Seed Catalog. It contains, pages 27
to 37, the largest Cotton Planting Seed De
partment ever issued.