PAGE TEN
LETTERS TKOJI THE PEOPLE
KILLING, ONE FORM OF NEGRO DIS
FRANCHISEMENT.
Macon, Ga., August 17, 1908.
The morning dailies of last Sunday, and of
this day, with graphic description picture to
the readers of our Union, and to the world,
how the mobs of Springfield, 111., the home of
Lincoln, the Emancipator, are hanging, shoot
ing and stabbing negroes, destroying their
household effects and burning their homes.
Perhaps some members of the mob are
Grand Army veterans, who waged four veal's’
war against the armies and people of the
Confederacy to bestow upon the slaves of the
south the blessing of freedom. No doubt
many of this mob, or those who aided and
allotted them in their acts of vandalism, voted
for the amendments to our national constitu
tion that made these negroes their social and
political equals. What right in reason, logic
or law, have they to take the lives and destroy
the property of their innocent social and po
litical equals, forsooth, because the one
charged with crime against woman which has
no counterpart in the category of crime, es
caped their vengeance?
This news, brought to us by the Associated
Press dispatches, is one among hundreds of
convincing proofs we have had, that the abo
lition republican party have much to answer
for in forcing upon Mr. Lincoln, against his
better judgment and previously expressed
ideas, the issuance in 1563 of his Emancipation
Proclamation. And when, in their bitterness
against the south and its Confederacy, which
lay ruined and conquered at their feet, they
forced the adoption of the 14th and 15th
constitutional amendments upon thin bleeding
and overpowered foes, but few of the men who
survived the most destructive war of modern
times could vote on account of their loyalty
to their homes and the teachings of their fath
ers made unalterable by the adoption of our
national constitution without its amendments,
but was voted for largely by aliens and ne
groes upon whom they conferred social and
political equality.
The Abolition Republican party freed the
negro slaves of the south. The Abolition Re
publican party might, would, could or should
nurture and protect th< in and their progeny
from extermination.
It appearing that the Republican party is
the father of the 1 Ith and 15th amendments
to the constitution of the United States, and,
whereas, amendment 15 declared that 4 ‘The
light of the citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or any state, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servi
tude,” it is, therefore, the solemn duty of all
Republicans to obey the law of their making,
especially so as a matter of reverential
sentiment in the state, and last, the home city
of the venerated Emancipator. To kill a ne
gro on account of race, color or previous con
dition of servitude, is quite an abridgement of
THE JBFFKRSONIAN.
the right of a citizen of the United States to
vote.
If, therefore, the fathers of the aforesaid
14th and 15th amendments are weary of these
children of their brain, we suggest another
amendment to the constitution "wiping out the
15th '"• ,J "-•edifying the 14th amendment to
the constitution of the United States. This
would relieve the states of amending their
state constitutions and place the burden of re
sponsibility where it belongs in the congress
of the United States, where the iniquity had
its birth. WILLIAM A. POE.
The Jeffersonian desires to say that the ar
ticle, “A White Taft Club Organized,” which
appeared in our columns recently was,
through error, credited to the late Washing
ton A. Poe, instead of above correspondent.
NO FUSION FOR HIM.
Alliance, Ohio, August 18, 1908.
Tims. E. Watson, Thomson. Ga.:
Dear Sir —I am enclosing you a letter ad
dressed to the leaders of the People’s Party
movement. Its live pages are taken up with
the statement, made over and over again, that
the People’s Party is dead and that the Inde
pendence Party is willing' to champion our
principles and lead us to victory.
We had our cause championed by the “able
Bryan” in 1896, and the victory we won,
both on the side of principles and party organ
ization, was certainly enough to satisfy the
fusion spirit for some time to come.
We could not make a greater mistake now
than to listen to the oily tongues of these ad
venturers. If they love our principles, we
were on the ground first and staked it out,
and we will stay this time, at least every true
Populist will.
I have seen no comment in your paper con
cerning this letter and thought possibly you
had p \ reply might be of interest
to your readers.
Sincerely your friend.
WILLIAM ALLERTON.
THE BRYANITE PLATFORM.
The so-called Democratic platform starts
out with a declaration that they are in favor
of “Equal rights to all. and special privileges
to none.” That is good. Every true man be
lieves it ought to be carried into effect, and
the sooner the better. Unfortunately, the so
called Democratic platforms do not intend
to carry that declaration out. They put that
in there to catch the old Alliance men; that
was their intention. When they get to money,
they in favor of the government issu
ing all the money and loaning it to the banks
on “approved” security: just whaOhe Vree
land-Aldrich bill provides—the most infam
ous money legislation this country has ever
had, and the so-called Democrat. Bryan, ap
proves of that measure by declaring in favor
of the most odious provision of that odious
bill.
But that is not all. Bryan wants the peo
ple to be taxed on their deposits to raise a
fund do insure their deposits. All know some
banks will fail, but Bryan, the Peerless One,
is going to protect the depositors by taxing
all of them on their deposits. Then they say
if this cannot be done, they are in favor of
government savings banks. Now, government
savings banks is a People’s Party principle,
and everybody knows they can’t fail. Don’t
need any insurance.
Is it not strange that such a wise donkey
as the so-called Democratic donkey is, will so
contradict itself?
R. B. CARL LEE.
GOT THE CHESTNUTS.
Fitzgerald, Ga., Aug. 20, 1908.
Hon. Th os. E. Watson.
Dear Sir: Here are some “Tom Watson”
chestnuts grown on the farm of Thos. Swords,
three miles northeast of/Fitzgerald, Ben Hill
county. If you receive them please notify me
through your valuable paper, the weekly Jef
fersonian, and oblige. --
Yours truly,
T. V. SWORDS.
(They are the biggest, finest chestnuts we
ever saw. Like the “Tom Watson melon,”
they distance all rivals.)
FROM A PETER COOPER GREEN
BACKER.
To the Editor of the Jeffersonian:
During and after the Civil war, this govern
ment issued about two thousand millions of
dollars of government bonds, bearing interest
any paying no taxes. What I wish to know
is, did the government put out those bonds to
borrow money to pay its war expenses? I
not only want your opinion, Mr. Editor, but I
want the opinion of every reader of your val
uable paper, especially every old Peter Coop
er, and “Brick” Pomeroy greenbacker.
Personally, to every reader of this article,
will you please be so kind as to send me a
letter, or postal card, in answer to this ques
tion. viz.: In your opinion, as you under
stand it, did the government issue those bonds
to borrow the money to pay its war and other
expenses? I would very much like to have the
opinion of every reader of every Populist pa
per in all parts of the United States. It will
cost you only one cent (a postal), or two
cents for a letter. Will you kindly do this
much, and at once, in the interest of the
cause of monetary reform, and greatly oblige
an old Peter Cooper Greenbacker?
J. C. VALLETTE.
No. Franklin, Conn., R. F. D. 1
John Hinsworth, Taylorsville, Miss., Rt. 2:
“Enclosed you will find $6 for which you
will send papers as per enclosed order. You
can contribute the other to the campaign.
We are with you in this fight to the end. The
principles you are fighting for are gaining
ground here,”