PAGE TWELVE
\The McLendon Case
(Concluded from Page 9)
Governor Smith will tell you that he fired Lit
tle Joe because Joseph handed him a letter
which he dared not open. The Governor, they
say, just thought that the letter contained
things which—but we won’t go into that.
It answers every purpose to say that the
Governor’s fate, after the thing which he did
to the harmless-looking small man had had
time to work, could have been fairly summed
up in the familiar news comment, “Didn’t
know it was loaded.”
Really, just between us girls, and not to go
any further, it was the funniest thing that
ever happened in American politics.
Now we come to Guyt McLendon. Mac, —
don’t you know, —was “one of us,” when we
reformers started out, bright and early in
1905 to do things to the marauding corpora
tions. There wasn’t a man in our whole
bunch that could make a finer showing
against the robberies of watered stock, exces
sive freight rates, unrighteous discrimina
tions, and so on. In fact, Guyt was one of the
towers of strength in our bull movement in
behalf of the suffering masses.
He and Smith put the emphasis of the cam
paign on this very question of the leveling of
railroad charges to the point of reasonable
profits on actual investment, — a very sound
principle.
We were not only to get relief from railroad
oppression, if Smith was elected Governor,
but we were going to get it immediately.
Lower rates from the seaports to the interior
towns were made special features of the Smith
programme, and when the victorious chief
tains of the reform movement assembled at
Macon recovered from the first gush of
joy at the absence of the embarrassing ally,
\Yatson, — who, having done his share of the
fighting, left Smith and his friends to the ex
clusive enjoyment of the rewards of victory,—
they wrote into the platform a most positive
pledge to give the people immediate relief in
this matter of port rates.
That was in the fall of 1906. In June,
1907, Smith came into office. The Legislature
gave him what he demanded, —a remodeled
Railroad Commission, with increased numbers
and powers. He packed this new tribunal
with a majority of his own choosing. That
was in August, 1907.
The shock of the Panic earthquake had not
come: no cry of fear and of distress was
spreading over the land. All was serene, and
the words “immediate relief” were there in
the platform to spur the Governor and his
Commission in the matter of port rates. Yet
neither the Governor nor his three carefully
selected Commissioners said a word about the
subject which had been urged with such ve
hemence during the campaign. Not only was
the Governor silent and motionless, but he
went to Washington City in December, 1908,
and made a speech advocating the adoption of
resolutions condemning the renewal of agita
tion against the railroads.
Up to that time it must be admitted by
Smith’s own partisans that he was as deep in
the mud as McLendon was in the mire. The
chief took no lead, and the lieutenant took no
steps, —and there you are.
Then what happened ? Why, Clark Howell
got to jumping on the Governor, every day or
so, about those promised reductions of freight
rates. Clark said to Smith in substance,
“You went into office because of the pledges
you made. You promised to lower the rates
of freight. You greatly increased the powers
and the expense of the Railroad Commission,
and your excuse for doing so was that you
needed this new and costly machinery to en
able you to work out your campaign pledges.
But you have never so much as opened your
mouth about these port rate reductions. You
have not only not done anything about it, but
you have not even tried to do anything.
Your term is about to expire, and it is barren
Jeffersonian
of a word or a deed in reference to one of
your most prominent and positive pledges.
This proves that, at heart, you were not a re
former. It proves that you pretended to be
one—REVERSING YOUR RE GO RD,-TO
GET OFFICE.”
It is possible that Smith would have ig
nored Clark Howell’s criticisms, had it not
been for the fact that he is again a candidate.
But he is in the race for the U. S. Senate, and
he is sharp enough to know that a record of
broken promises is a mighty awkward thing
for the office-seeker.
It was late, terribly late, but something had
to be done. Therefore, in February, 1909,
Governor Smith recalled the pledge for “im
mediate relief,” made in the fall of 1906, and
he blazed away at his slumbering Commission
in a letter about those promised port rates.
Yes, it was very late, —too late to do the
people any good. The only possible effect of
so late and so half-hearted a move was to do
Smith some good. It might mend his record.
It might serve as a reply to those who would,
in his Senatorial race, refer to his failure to
even make the effort to keep his promise.
Hence, in April, 1909, we find the Atlanta
jobbers coming before the Railroad Commis
sion with a petition for the reduction of cer
tain rates from Savannah and Brunswick to
Atlanta.
In other words, the Beck & Gregg Hard
ware Company demanded special privileges.
They demanded for one favored city what
Governor Smith was solemnly pledged to get
for all cities and interior towns.
The same question has been argued before
the Commission three different times in differ
ent years, and has in each instance been voted
down. If the Commission is a court, the ques
tion was res adjudicata.
In 1903, Commissioners Pope Brown, Spen
cer Atkinson and Gunby Jordan unanimously
refused to the Atlanta Freight Bureau the
reduction of port rates to Atlanta, basing the
refusal on the same ground as that taken by
McLendon, in 1909.
The Railroad Commission decided, — “First
it does not feel called upon to make A SPE
CIAL RATE TO ENABLE ATLANTA TO
SELL GOODS in two other jobbing towns in
Georgia, namely Savannah and
In 1904, the Atlanta Freight Bureau came
before the Commission, again, with the same
petition.
Again the Commission declined to give At
lanta the special favors asked for.
Then the Atlanta Freight Bureau employed
a big Atlanta lawyer,—an able, bull-dozing
attorney who, it was thought, could make the
Commission reverse and stultify itself.
THIS LAWYER TFAN MR. HOKE
SMITH. He brought his petition, in behalf
of the Atlanta jobbers, before Commissioners
Pope Brown, Warner Hill and Joseph M.
Brown.
But Lawyer Hoke Smith lost his case and
from that time dates his bitter hatred of Joe
Brown.
This was in May, 1905. Os course, Mr.
Hoke Smith and his paper, the Journal, hotly
denied that he was seeking reductions for At
lanta alone; but when Griffin and Cordele and
other opponents of the Atlanta Freight Bu
reau begged Mr. Hoke Smith to let ALL THE
GEORGIA TOWNS COME IN TOGETH
ER, ON AN EQUAL FOOTING, and work
for a horizontal cut of 20 per cent, in the port
rates, MR. HOKE SMITH REFUSED.
And he put his refusal upon the ground that
Atlanta DID want “to extend her own trade”,
—at the expense of other Georgia towns, of
course.
What, then, is the exact truth?
Governor Smith suspended McLendon from
office because he refused to Atlanta those spe
cial privileges which had been denied her, by
formal decision, three times before. And the
feature of the incident which deserves par
ticular notice is that Mr. Hoke Smith, the
hired attorney, had failed to get the former
Commission to do the very thing that Mr.
Hoke Smith, the Governor of all the people,
tried to get his packed Commission to do.
McLendon’s ruling in the case which
caused his suspension, is that the Commission
cannot grant special favors to the Atlanta
jobbers, without doing an injustice to other
towns and cities. The dissenting opinion was
delivered by Commissioner Candler. We
have read it, and we do not -find anything
which puts in question the position taken by
McLendon.
Consequently, as it seems to us, the issue
which the Legislature is to try is this:
Did McLendon forfeit his office by refusing
to grant special privileges to Atlanta?
Mr. Smith, handsomely paid as a lawyer,
goes before the Railroad Commission and de
mands special favors for his own town, At
lanta. He meets a determined opponent in
Jos. M. Brown. He runs for Governor and
says in his speeches that if elected, he will re
move Brown. Is elected, and removes Brown.
Then he brings the same question before his
packed Commission, and loses again. And
then he hops on McLendon, as he had jumped
on Brown.
There’s the case, gentlemen of the Legis
lature.
SHE
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
Eleven and five-tenths per cent, of the children in
Georgia over ten years of age cannot read, which
means that there are still 84,380 illiterates in the
State, of whom about 20,000 are white children, and
for the neglect there is no adequate excuse. — Standard
Gauge, Lavonia, Ga.
How about spending a few thousand dol
lars of the many thousands we are now send
ing to China to educate, feed, clothe and doc
tor the heathen, in educating, feeding, cloth
ing and doctoring the 20,000 ignorant white
children right here in Georgia?
In another editorial paragraph the Stand
ard Gauge says:
“We have received from State School Commissioner
Pound a copy of the ‘Census of the School Population
of Georgia’. In looking over it, we see that Franklin
County has 3,413 white and 971 colored children be
tween the ages of six and eighteen years. And 199
white and 133 colored over ten years who cannot read
and write. There is no excuse for any child growing
up in ignorance in Franklin County.”
We agree with the editor of the Standard
Gauge.
There is no excuse for a white child grow
ing up in ignorance in any county in Georgia.
Franklin County is not taken as an exam
ple,—it is one of many.
Counties like Fulton, Chatham, Bibb, Rich
mond and every county in the State of Geor
gia has its uneducated, poor, white children
who are ignorant and will never be able to
read and write.
So here we make a query ?
How many thousands of dollars do we send
to foreign lands to educate the heathen?
How many of the twenty thousand white
children of GEORGIA could be educated,
fed, clothed, and given medicine by applying
the thousands that we send to the heathen, to
aiding the poor white children of Georgia?
SEE
When a vote was taken on the lead sched
ule in the Tariff bill, Senator La Follette re
fused to vote.
Mr. La Follette made a plain, true state
ment that he was interested in lead mines in
Wisconsin and he didn’t think it was right for
him to vote on a question in which he was
financially interested.
How many Senators are as honest as Sena
tor La Follette?
How many Senators financially interested
in STEEL would refuse to vote on the Steel
schedule?
How many Senators financially interested
in Lumber would refuse to vote on the Lum
ber schedule?
Hoiv many Senators financially interested
in OIL would refuse to vote on the Oil sched
ule?
You could have your hand amputated and
then count them on your fingers.