PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Methodist General Conference.
The Quadrennial Session of the General
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church
(Northern) met in Baltimore, on Wednesday,
May 6. It is the legislative body of that great
organization, and many important questions
are up for discussion and action.
Poe Centenary.
Boston is planning, in conjunction with
Richmond and Baltimore, a great centennial
celebration, in honor of the hundredth anni
versary of the birth of Edgar A. Poe, which
occurs the present year.
Cotton Exchange Rottenness.
The long looked for report of Corporation
Commissioner, Herbert Knox Smith, as the
operation of New York and New Orleans Cot
ton Exchanges, appeared in the daily press
on Monday. It required four long columns
of small type to tell the story. However, the
story is told at last. From a calm, impartial,
official source, we now have confirmation, of
everything ever charged against these cor
rupt institutions. The Commissioner shows
conclusively that they are operated as a ‘‘sure
thing gamble” for the benefit of a small
bunch of inside operators. That, if they ever
performed any useful trade function, they
have long since ceased to do sg, and have
become prostituted to base uses, is evident
from reading the report. Mr. Smith declares
that the New York Cotton Exchange, if it can
not exist under a just and equitable system,
has no excuse for existence at all. The pres
ent New York system of fixed difference is
uneconomic, in defiance of natural law, un
fair, and, like all other attempts to defy na
tural law, results in such complex and devious
effects that the benefit of its transactions ac
crues only to a-skilled few. Oklahoma only a
few days ago by legislative enactment out
lawed the future gamblers. This leaves only
Tennessee and Louisiana, of the Cotton
States, as harboring places for these nimble
witted gentry. The next session of the Ten
nessee legislature will undoubtedly put them
out of that state, and with the tremendous
amount of evidence accumulating, it would
seem that Louisiana will have to fall in line.
For years past these parasites on the cotton
producers have fattened on unjust gains, and
have refused to mend their ways. It now
looks as though they are in a fairway to be
ended, and the sooner, the better.
Again the Paper Trust.
A congressional committee is investigat
ing the Paper Trust.- This is Mr. Cannon’s
way of starving oft’ action on the bill to re
move the duty on wood pulp. John Sharp
Williams seems to have come out from his
shell, and is taunting the Republicans by
flaunting in their faces a petition, or resolu
tion, signed by every Democrat, with the state
ment that if thirty Republicans will sign
with the Democrats, they will force action.
But the thirty Republicans did not show up.
Thus, Mr. Joseph Cannon and his stand-pat-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ters still control the situation, it must be
admitted, however, that the present situation
is giving the stand-patters a “right smart”
trouble.
State Campaigns.
Georgia and Tennessee are having very
warm campaigns. In Tennessee, Carmack and
Patterson, the gubernatorial candidates, are
making a joint, speech-making canvass, with
much rhetoric and all kinds of oratorical thun
der. In Georgia, Governor Smith is doing
the oratorical stunt alone. His opponent, Jos.
M. Brown, is replying in a series of cards,
which are very well written, and raises the
dust of conflict as effectually as could be done
by joining battle on the forensic platform.
Fire Disasters.
At Fort Wayne, Ind., on May 3, the burn
ing of the New Aveline Hotel resulted in a
terrible loss of life. Some twenty-five persons
are missing, of whom ten are known to be
dead. On the same date, a tenement house
fire in Brooklyn,. N. Y., resulted in six dead,
and four seriously injured. No other country
has such a record of preventable and murder
ous calamities as our own.
Bailey Wins In Texas.
A picturesque and bitter fight has been
raging in Texas between two factions of the
Democratic party. The real issue was as to
the continued supremacy of Senator Jos. W.
Bailey. The battle was fought out in the pri
maries, on Saturday last, over the election
of delegates-at-large to the Denver convention.
Press despatches report the Baily ticket as
having won by a small majority.
•
Race Track Gambling.
Despatches from New Orleans on May 3 say
that such a sentiment has been worked up
against race track gambling that the legisla
ture, which convenes in a few days, will un
doubtedly enact a law for its supfession.
Despatches from Louisville, Ky., of the same
date state that the Mayor of Louisville de
tailed a large force of police to attend the
Kentucky Derby, on May 5, and to see that
no gambling took place.
Opposition to Bryan.
Some Washington man has figured out that
Bryan will enter the Denver Convention more
than 100 votes short of the necessary two
thirds, and that his nomination is therefore
impossible. This may be true, or it may not.
The Associated Press seemed to think enough
of it to wire it over the country as a news
item. But after all, does it make much dif
ference who the Democrats nominate?
Tom Johnson’s Victory.
After seven years of bitter struggle, Tom L.
Johnson, the big mayor of Cleveland, has
won his fight for three cent street car fares
for the people of that city. .The difference
between three and five cent car fare does not
appear big when a single fare is considered.
But the average city family, paying five cent
fare, will spend one hundred dollars a year
in car fares. A reduction to three cents
means a saving of forty dollars a year to each
family. There are eighty thousand families
in Cleveland, therefore, Tom Johnson’s vic
tory means a saving to the people of Cleve
land of three millions of dollars yearly. That
is something big, and it is Tom Johnson’s
victory, and his alone.
CAPTAIN MILLEDGE.
Capt. R. H. Milledge dropped in to town a
day of two ago looking as genial as he al
ways does and not appearing at all to wear
the cares of office hunting. He, it is true, is
a candidate for prison commissioner, but his
friends are taking the matter in hand, and if
they all vote for him, he is safely landed.
We are always reminded when we see one of
the old boys like him of the days that are
more than forty years gone by when the long
marches were had from Centerville to
Yorktown and back up the endless Peninsula
and Seven Pines and Malvern Hill the
weary, dusty roads to Maryland, where the
pike goes down from Hagerstown to Antie
tam Bridge, and after holding Burnsides
down for nine hours with only 600 men right
at the bridge, back across the Potomac and;
CAPT. R. H. MILLEDGE.
well, it is an endless task to tell it all. Who
was a better “Reb” than he in those far off
days? They did’nt flutter. From Gettys
burg to Petersburg; from Petersburg to Ap
pomattox it was always the same.
Now in the gray evening of life it is the
bread struggle. The office would be a God
send with him whose battle with life has
been as much to help others as himself; to
bear his own and others cares and smile away
misfortunes even the weight of years begins
to tell on every “Reb.” Yes, the office would
help and he is as competent for it as any
living man.
This is the first time his friends have ever,/
forced him to come out as a candidate for any
office, and may he get it. It will be the last,
perhaps, but he needs it now. —True Citizen.