PAGE EIGHT
C?l}e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING. ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga., January 11. 1907. as second crass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Jan. 27, 1910
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
W. T. Ellis 9 Fib Grows Into
Another One
Dear Mr. Watson: —I visited four Atlanta
news-stands and book-stores yesterday before I
succeeded in getting the first copy of that ex
quisitely-flavored publication “The Jeffersonian’’
that ever I have seen. Amidst the highly pro
fessional and refined medical advertisements (I
wonder if the self-conscious editor took to him
self that eloquent exhortation in large type
“STOP! Stop that back-breaking, twisting, ter
rible, terrible, unbearable agony”) I found my
own obscure name—and the honor is deeply ap
preciated: it shall be handed down to my chil
dren’s children.
You pointed out a mistake—“a fib”, you called
it —in my recent letter to Dr. Marion Hull, where
in I encouragingly mentioned having recommend
ed your ‘‘Life of Jefferson” to Mr. Bryan, “dur
ing that campaign’’. Your criticism is warranted.
My memory tor dates is poor: I can seldom recall,
without looking up the books, when such epochi
cal events occurred as the landing of William the
Conqueror, the arrival of the Pilgrim Fathers at
Plymouth Rock, the Battle of Waterloo, and the
candidacy of Thomas E. Watson for half the vice
presidency of the United States.
It was in 1901 or 1902 —my note books are
not at hand —that I visited Mr. Bryan at his home
in Lincoffi, and incidentally mentioned your book.
My friend, Mr. M. A. deWolfe Howe, Editor of
the Beacon Biographies, had commended it to
me. It is an admirable little book; and it is to
be regretted that its author’s workmanship has
deteriorated so pitiably since then.
I send this explanation for publication in The
Jeffersonian.
Sincerely yours, WILLIAM T. ELLIS.
Macon, Ga., January 22, 1910.
EDITORIAL COMMENT.
Mr. Ellis has a gentlemanly way with him
in doing everything. A more fascinating
type of Christian, it would be difficult to find.
M hen caught in one erroneous statement, he
mends matters by making another.
He says that his “memory for dates is
poor”. He can not even locate historical
events that are “epoch-ival”.
What a pity! A man who rushes down
South, from 5 ankeedom, to dare me and de
nounce me, ought at least to be able to prop
ery place occurrences that are “epochical”.
M ell, Ellis, this was not a case of “memory
for dates". You were stating a fact, not a
date. You distinctly, positively, and delib
erately wrote, that you recalled me as Bryan’s
running mate, and. that during that cam-
you advised Bryan to read my “Life of
1 homas Jefferson''. No date was given, at
all.
You wanted to be very smart and sarcas
tic: you were stung, because I declined to
meet you, on the ground, practically, that you
mere. beneath my notice. And to even up, as
well as you could, you were attempting to
prove that, in your section, I had never been
heard of. excepting as Bryan’s running mate.
“Curiously enough”, you wrote, “during that
1 advised Bryan to read Watson’s
THE JEFTERSONAM
'Life of • Jefferson’, of which he had never
heard”.
Now, Ellis, this is no question of the date
of the “arrival of the Pilgrim Fathers, the
landing of William the Conqueror, the Bat
tle of Waterloo, or the candidacy of Thos. E.
Watson for Vice-President of the United
States”.
No: no: it is not a matter of giving the date
of an event: it is a question as to whether Mr.
W. T. Ellis can accurately state two facts in
their true relation to each other. In his flip
pant eagerness to make me out a Nobody,
he reveals himself as a very reckless, very in
ventive and very unscrupulous Liar.
As to that medical ad., I am glad you men
tioned it. Ellis. Had not read it, or even paid
any attention to it; but if that physic will do
anything like as much for a sufferer as is
claimed for it — get some of it quickly!
If the Southern missionaries have any
common sense, they will hereafter leave you
at home— you glib-tongued, superficial) ego
tistical ad venturer !
I don’t think the Southern people are go
ing to relish this importation of insolent and
abusive Yankees to jump on me and lie about
me in public gatherings.
Just a* Few Questions For John
Lee
(1) How’s your health, John?
(2) Told the boys any new ones, lately?
(3) Changed the wording of any more
Resolutions?
(4) Found out what Boodlehunter is, yet?
Is he a printer, an editor, a typographical
artist, a business manager, a farmer—or
what? All of us are nearly dying to know
just what' Bode actually and indeedly is.
(5) Suppressed any Locals’ resolutions re
cently ?
(6) Did that Florida man ever get the
money for his “pertaters”? You advised him
to wait, you know. Is he still waiting? You
reckon he’ll ever get the ducats for those
tubers?
(7) How’s Carmical getting along? Is he
still putting letters into your envelopes, and
assuring the boys that there never can be a
Steel Trust, for the reason that the United
States Government owns and controls some
“STEEL MINES”?
(8) Are you still telling the boys that
Ladson individually borrowed $120,000 from
the Neal Bank, on good security, and that the
deal had nothing to do with the wrecking of
the bank?
(9) How’s the Percheron studhorse?
(10) Are you continuing to tell the boys
that Boodlehunter never admitted that he did
say he had been chosen as a delegate to the
Canadian Convention, but that he lied when
he said it?
(11) Why did you drop Rev. S. J. Cowan
—one of the very best men in the Union?
(12) Why did you tell the Journal such a
whopper about your 116,000 members?
(13) Your stealthy campaign behind closed
doors is disgusting all of the better type of
Unionists, isn’t it, Johnsey ?
(14) Won’t you please mail me a copy of
your letter about “Watson’s Lies”?
(15) Where did you get the authority to
annul the charter ot that Coffee County Lo
cal ?
(16) Don’t you think that you lived in
Boston, Massachusetts, too long to under
stand us Georgia folks?
(17) Where did you get the idea that you
could hoodwink or bulldoze us?
(18) Are you sending out private letters to
break down one of your Brothers, because he
refuses to repeat your lies “behind closed
doors”?
Catholics on Deck
The following appeared in the Atlanta
Constitution:
“Within the prison proper and immediately
over the dining-room, is the chapel, in the rear
of which is the library. Sundays all prisoners
must attend mass, Sunday-school and other exer
cises, after which they are free for the day to read
or otherwise occupy themselves according to their
privileges. Saturday is always a half holiday;
work stops at 12 o’clock noon.”
The paragraph refers to the Federal Peni
tentiary near Atlanta. You will, of course,
catch the meaning. The prisoners are com
pelled to attend Catholic services) whether
they belong to Pappy's Church) or not.
When Protestants are forced to go to a
Catholic for the celebration of religious ob
servances, don’t you think that the religious
Loud Rackets of Atlanta might rave about
that, awhile?
The missionaries easily see.all sorts of dis
tant things which need straightening out, but
they Can stumble right over something wrong,
at home, without ever recognizing it.
Hello! Dr. Broughton! Roar us a yell or
two, about the way the Catholics have taken
the deck, right there under your Roman nose.
Oh, where are Bell and Graham, and Dr.
W. C. Lovett? Why don’t they do something
for the poor Protestant prisoners who are
forced to attend Catholic worship RIGHT
THERE IN ATLANTA?
Alas, these imprisoned Protestants are not
in Germany, France, Austria, Hungary or
Sweden—hence no well-regulated Foreign
Missions zealot, can see the outrage to which
they are subjected, every Sabbath.
Brother Len G. 8., PLEASE fetch us a
yell or three, on THIS.
Gambling in Cotton
Is the whole South going crazy ? From all
directions come stories of terrific losses sus
tained by our merchants, farmers and cotton
buyers in the tremendous slump of cotton. It
seems that a rage for speculation is taking
hold of our people. Legitimate business is
being demoralized.
Taken as a whole, what chance has the out
side world got to win the game against- the
gamblers who play from the inside of the
Cotton Exchange?
in God Almighty's world.
The men who pay such high prices for seats
in the Exchange, are like the soldiers who go
into the fortress to fight the troops outside.
Being inside, is half the battle.
Among themselves y the gamblers wage war
on equal terms; but, as against outsiders) they
have even more of an advantage than troops
inside the fort.
The Wall Streeters can hide their cards
from you, but you can’t hide yours from
I hey see your hand, as the game goes on.
How, then, can the outsiders, as a whole, ever
win ? They can't.
Harriman s seat in the Exchange was sold,
a few weeks ago, for $145,000. When a
speculator pays that price for admission into
the gambling den, could you ask better proof
ot the fact that all the advantages are on the
Wall Street side?
Friends, do all in your power to discour
age the buying of futures. Do what vou can
to get Congress to penalize this gigantic and
calamitous system of gaming.
So far as I’m concerned, I wish that cotton
had never been boosted as it was. It has had
a tendency to make the farmer go wild. If
the bulls run the price up to twenty cents
(which is yet possible, in spite of the sensa
tional breaks) the very gardens and flower
yards will be put in cotton.
As to stately and homelike groves and
shrubberies and orchards about the average
country house, they are becoming things of
the past. Ale can’t afford to throw away