PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
To Visit Japan.
Secretary Root announced at the close of
a cabinet meeting, that the government had
formally accepted Japan’s invitation for the
American Battleship fleet to visit its ports
on its present tour around the world.
Stock Gambling.
Herbert Knox Smith, the commissioner of
corporations, has been ordered by the presi
dent to examine into the methods of stock
trading, so as to furnish the basis for legis
lation to regulate in such manner as to ex
clude the bucket shops. The inquiry will in
clude a study of the laws governing such
trading in other countries.
Yacht Wrecked.
American yacht wrecked near Honolulu.
The report comes from the Gilbert islands of
the wreck of an American built schooner
yacht. The yacht has no name on it and no
clearance papers. Only two persons in connec
tion with it —both from England.
Girl Sentenced.
Russian girl revolutionary sentenced to
death. A court-martial passed death sentence
on three social revolutionists, among whom
was an eighteen year old girl, who w T as the
leader in several daring robberies.
To Boost Fairbanks.
Five hundred uniformed marchers, headed
by a drum and bugle corps of 100 members,
will go from Indianapolis to Chicago next
June to boost Vice President Fairbanks for
the presidency. .
Savings Bank Bill.
Senate holds up savings bank bill. Five of
the Williams banking bills were passed by
the assemply.
The senate after a long wrangle held up
the measure permitting savings banks to
hypothecate securities during a panic and so
amended it that it cannot be considered until
next week.
Twenty-seven Shot to Death.
Twenty-seven more persons, making a total
of forty in all, have been executed in Hayti
in continuance of the reign of terror on the
island.
Os the twenty-seven new executions of
political prisoners, thirteen were shot to
death at the cemetery, outside Port-au-Prince,
and fourteen at Salines.
Morgan Leaves Paris.
J. P. Morgan left Paris for a fortnights
visit to Italy and Riviera.
Sinking Steamer Beached to Save 130 Lives.
With more than eighty passengers, and a
crew of fifty, the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company’s big steamer Pomona, northbound
from San Francisco to Eureka, struck a sub
merged reef, four miles off the coast opposite
Fort Ross, and was beached to save the lives
of those on board. Distaster was just averted.
With passengers almost in a panic and the
water pouring into her hold, the Pomona was
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
run aground at top speed. The passengers
spent the night crowded in and about the only
house within a mile of the scene of the wreck.
The Pomona probably will be a total loss.
Littlefield Resigns.
Congressman Littlefield of Main, tendered
his resignation to Governor William T. Cobb,
to take effect September 30 next.
Senator Bryan Dead.
United States Senator W. J. Bryan of
Florida died at the Providence hospital in
Washington, D. C., March 22. It has been
only seventy-three days since he took his seat
as successor of the late senator Stephen R.
Mallory. Senator Bryan was educated at
Emory college.
Fleet at Magdalena.
Admiral Evans, in command of the Battle
ship fleet, arrived off Magdalena Bay Wed
nesday evening, March 18, thus beginning to
a successful ending, the long voyage from
Hampton roads begun December 16, last.
Driven By Night Riders.
Driven by panic fear because of the warn
ing letters and visits of the night riders,
farmers in nearly all of the forty-two counties
in the white burley tobacco district are busily
destroying their tobacco beds and at the
present time less than one-third of the num
ber usually planted have been started.
Hitchcock is Free.
Acquittal of comedian is ordered by Justice
Blanchard of New York. A sensational de
velopment occurred Monday, Mar. 16, in the
trial of Raymond Hitchcock, the comedian
when Justice Blanchard ordered the acquittal
of the defendent.
Walsh Denied New Trial.
Former president of Chicago National Bank
sentenced to five years at Fort Leavenworth.
John R. Walsh, former president of the
Chicago National bank who was convicted of
illegal use of the funds of the institution, was
Friday denied a new trial by Judge Anderson
in the United States district court and sen
tenced to serve five years in the federal peni
tentiary at Fort Leavenworth. Case to be
taken to higher court.
Cut Fortification Allowance.
The fortifications bill, carrying a total ap
proportion of $8,210,611 instead of the
$38,443,945 asked for by the war department
was reported to the house committee on
appropriations by Chairman Smith.
Thirty million dollars cut off fortification
allowance.
«■
HAVE YOU ANY FRIENDS?
Each one of our subscribers is requested to
send us the names and postoffice addresses of
a few friends to whom we may send sample
copies of the Jeffersonian.
Don’t send the names of every fellow you
know, because some fellows read but little
and don’t think at all. It would be wasteful
to send the paper to such unfortunates. But
everyone knows a number who do read, think
and inquire, and to all such we want to intro
duce the Jeffersonian and ask them to sub
scribe.
Send us the names, and help lo give the
Jeffersonian a boost. We know that wher
ever it has gone, it has set thoughtwaves in
motion; and it should go everywhere.
Address The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
PEOPLE’S PARTY .NATIONAL
COMMITTEE.
Office of Secretary.
Abiline, Texas, March 20, 1908.
To the Populists of Texas:
To defray the expenses of a full delegation
from Texas to our National Convention to
convene in St. Louis, Mo., April 2, will re
quire very nearly if not quite two thousand
dollars at the average rate of about forty-five
dollars per delegate. The cost to those who
are at the longer distances from St. Louis will
run from fifty-five to sixty-five dollars each.
Realizing that it is asking too much of our
delegates that they will give their time and
labors to our cause and also pay all their ex
penses, State Chairman J. M. Mallett has
called on you to contribute each one a small
sum, to be used in defraying such expenses in
whole or in part, and at his request I have
been assisting him in the matter. He and the
other members of the delegation will start
for St. Louis about March 36, to reach there
April 1. Are you not willing, each one of
you, my Populist brothers, to help some in
this emergency? If so kindly send your con
tribution. One dollar, fifty cents, twenty-five
cents more or less to Chairman Mallett at
Cleburne, Texas, to reach him by March 28.
Let us all help some.
Fraternally yours,
H. L. BENTLEY, Secretary.
HOW MRS. WILLIAMS SAW THE
PRESIDENT.
(Special to The World.)
Washington, March 15. —Mrs. John Sharp
Williams never called at the White House
until a few days ago, because nothing like an
emergency demanding such a step had ever
presented itself. But that emergency appear
ed when a few friends of her husband, the
Democratic leader on the floor of the House,
arrived in Washington.
“John,’’ said she at the breakfast table.
‘ ‘ I shall be very glad to show them around the
city, but what am I to do about the Presi
dent ? ’ ’
“Just call up the White House and tell
him you are coming, and go,” said her
husband.
Mrs. Williams said nothing more, but when
she thought the time had come for making
the call she rang up the President. Her name
was passed along and Mr. Roosevelt promptly
came to the ’phone.