PAGE TWELVE
THE PREACHER KILLED HIM.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
ful thing—“WHAT CHARLES PHIL
LIPS NEEDED WAS A SOUND
FLOGGING.”
We are told that, at the Last Day, we
shall stand before the Judgment Bar of
God, and that we shall not speak then
in our own behalf; but the deeds we have
done and the words we have spoken,
when living, shall be our accusers or de
fenders. On that dread day, when all
who have ever lived come forth to be
judged, I had rather be in the place of
the drunkard, who asked for the word of
Kindness, than in the place of the preach
er who spoke it not —for, as 1 remember,
there never was a human creature sunk
so low that Christ did not take pity on
him; and there was never_a mortal whom
he lashed with hotter words of blistering
scorn than the Phairsee, the self-satisfied
and self-righteous hypocrite, who wears a
livery of brotherly love over a heart of
stone - * * *
Bryan Courting Hearst.
What right has Mr. Bryan to expect
the help of William R. Hearst? The
overtures which the Nebraskan is public
ly making to the New Yorker prove,
once again, the desperate eagerness of
W. J. B. to reach the Presidency.
In 1896, when New York and all the
East was “the enemy’s country,” Mr.
Hearst not only championed Bryan in
his papers, but put up a dollar for the
campaign for every dollar contributed by
everybody else. /
Later, Mr. Hearst paid Mr. Bryan very
large sums, which were most welcome,
for the Nebraskan was not so rich then
as now. The money was paid for news
paper articles which did not rise above
the commonplace.
In 1900, Mr. Hearst and his papers
again gave Mr. Bryan ardent suoport.
In 1904, Mr. Hearst was a candidate
for the Democratic nomination, and
Bryan was not. But Bryan *was a dele
gate to the convention and had it in his
power to make Hearst the nominee.
Instead of doing anything of the kind,
Bryan threw his support to poor old Gen
eral Cockrell, who had about as much
chance to be nominated as Bland had. in
1896, when bis brilliant young lieutenant,
Bryan, came to the convention determin
ed to capture the nomination himself.
Yes. Bryan played his selfish game to
the very last card —voting for an impos
sible candidate, rather than help Hearst,
who had done so much for Bryan.
nnd why did Bryan persevere in the
farce of voting for Cockrell?
Because the old General could never
become an obstacle to Bryan’s ambitious
plans, whereas, if Hearst should have be
come the Democratic nominee Bryan
would ever afterwards have had a rival to
fear.
Bryan’s calculations are based, always,
upon an elemental selfishness,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Wall Street and Cleveland.
On the day of Ex-President Cleveland’s
funeral Wall Street “closed up.”
The money-kings who paid this mark
of respect to the dead man’s memory
have given proof of jthe \Vall
Street can remember a friend.
This country never.* had a President
who did more for the conscienceless,
heartless money-kings than was**done for
them by Grover Cleveland.
To “close up” in remembrance of his
favors was a decent thing to do.
*
Government Ownership in Trance.
The French Chambers have voted the
bill which enables the ’ Government to
take over the Western Railway. Thus
another state line is won.
The losses incident to the German in
vasion (1871) made it impossible for the
French Republic to finance her railways.
Private companies took charge. Gradu
ally, however, the state is again acquiring
the railroads, and in a few years private
ownership of these will be
a thing of the past.
It is in America, only, that the corpora
tions have it all their own way. •
•SUM
7he Deficit and the Deposit.
We are told that there is a deficit of
$60,000,000 at the nation’s treasury. In
other words, the nation has spent sixty
millions in excess of its income.
Yet, the Treasury Statement shows
that the National Bank pets have more
than $150,000,000 of our public funds.
How is it that a deficit is claimed when
the pets have so much of our money?
What a fine thing it is to be a gov
ernmental pet!
• r, h m
WILLIAM J. BRYAN ANALYZED.
(Continued from Page Five.)
weekaday sort and stands firmly on four legs
like a table, will explain one’s ideal as being
merely that particular gold brick one is eager
to buy. Suppose it be so? The gold bricks
are the great feature that makes commerce
tolerable. No; on second thought one should
not go to Washington, it would starve one’s
patriotism, give one’s country-love a chill.
These remarks apply -only to private folk.
Publicists, who create the Washington influ
ence complained of, could no more be ex
pected to suffer therefrom than that rattle
snakes should perish of. their own poisons.
Mi. Bryan came to Washington in Novem
ber, 1891. He looked younger by thirty years
than he does now. hair was black and
thick, his young face smooth. In figure he
was slim. As said the fat knight, he might
have crawled through an alderman’s thumb
ring.
Before Congress convened, the Democrats
held a caucus to select a speaker. Observe
the sharp self-interest of Mr. Bryan, and how
he abandoned both public and party welfare
to nurse his own. It should throw some light
op his present liberality of jpotjve, Man
never changes in a trait, more than an oak
tree changes in a trait, and a black kitten
makes ever a black cat.
That fight for a speakership was a fight for
a presidency, a tariff, and all that was tre
mendous in Government. There were Messrs.
Mills, and Crisp, and McMillan, and Hatch,
and Springer in the scramble. Mr. Mills
was the Cleveland candidate, Mr. Crisp the
Gorman candidate. Mr. Cleveland and Mr.
Gorman were rivals for a presidency, and the
possession of the House was of prime import
ance.
Threw Away His Vote in a Throne Contest.
The battle began, Mr. Bryan voting for Mr.
Springer. The war staggered on for hours;
there came ballot on the heels of ballot. Mr.
Hatch withdrew, and went into the caucus to
vote for Mr. Crisp. Mr. Springer withdrew,
and went into the caucus to vote for Mr.
Crisp. Mr. Crisp won in the last of it by
the merest fragment of a majority—two votes,
I think. So close and fierce was that fray
which would settle national destinies!
As related, Mr. Bryan voted in the begin
ning for Springer. What became of him when
Mr. Springer withdrew? He still voted for
Mr. Springer. That gentleman was himself
• voting for Mr. Crisp. He had withdrawn his
name; he was no longer a candidate. Yet to
the final roll call, which gave victory by a
meager brace of votes to Mr. Crisp, Mr. Bry
an went shooting his lonely arrow in the air
for Mr. Springer. In brief, he threw away
bis voice in a contest where a throne was the
prize.
Why did Mr. Bryan thus waste himself?
Because, as he explained in a day when he was
not so old nor so cunning as he is now, Messrs.
Hatch and Mills and Crisp and McMillan
were ex-confederates. Mr. Springer had been
a union man a third of a century before. Mr.
Bryan was too good a politician, too poor a
patriot, to face an “old soldier” element
along the Platte, with the record of having
voted for a once confederate. Did this show
him narrow or broad, selfish or generous, tim
id or brave?
Mr. Bryan will seek to evade the above. He
may say that “he voted for Mr. Crisp in cau
cus.” Should he do so he will mean that
he voted for Mr. Crisp in the caucus held at
the beginning of the second Congress when
Mr. Crisp was Speaker. Mr. Crisp stood
alone on that second caucus occasion; there
was no opposition. What I am saying is that
in the first caucus, where Mr. Mills fought
Mr. Crisp for a House chieftainship, Mr. Bry
an, to dodge a danger, threw away his vote.
The caucus rolls will show. If they be lost,
then the files of that day’s newspapers will
show. Mr. Bryan's excuse was the confeder
ate past of Messrs. Mills and Crisp. If he
contradict this, let him give the true reason.
Let him tell why he wasted his vote, in an
hour pregnant of presidencies, and party is
sues, and many giant public things beside.
Mr. Bryan is in voice, and atmosphere, and
gift of phrase, the orator. Also, like most
orators, he is in no wise profound. He thinks
quickly, not deeply. What he knows he has
ha<l from a book; and he is never guilty of