so he slapped one in. This is what the print
er said that Joe Bailey said,
“WANTON MAIDS.”
A somewhat different proposition.
But ever since printing was invented the
types have been playing such tricks. Just to
soothe Vardaman, —whom we like immense
ly,—we will give a few of the instances in
which printers have “landed” on helpless
authors.
A noted preacher, Rev. Dr. Bethune dis
coursed, one Sabbath, and used the words,
“and the adversary came among them and
sowed tares.”
Next morning Dr. Bethune picked up the
paper to read his sermon, and lost all appe
tite for breakfast when be found that his words
had been printed thus: “An adversary came
among them and sawed trees.”
The poet, T. B. Aldrich, has a poem in which
occurs the line,
“But the old wound breaks out anew.”
The New York Leader once reprinted the
poem, and the prosaic printer set the line up
in this improved way:
“But the old woman breaks out anew.”
Governor Vardaman no doubt has his ag
gravations, but what are his compared to those
of the agricultural paper which offered a prem
ium for the best mode of irrigation?
The printer set it up “premium for the best
mode of irritation,” and the consequence was
that several old farmers sent their wives to
claim the prize!
; Really, friend Vardaman, we think that
von, thus far, have got off light.
Suppose, Sir,' that you had written the obit
uary of a friend’s deceased wife, and had al
luded to the bereaved husband saying that he
“was hardly able to bear the demise of his
wife”; and suppose that your printers had sei
it up so as to make you say that your sorrow
ing friend “was hardly able to wear, the
chemise of his wife,” —what would you have
done? It happened that way to an editor
once, and it may happen to any of us, any
day. Consider the harrowed feelings of the
poet who wrote,
“See the pale martyr in the sb-eet of fire,”
and whose eyes nearly popped out of his dizzy
head when he saw that the printer had changed
it to,
“See the pale martyr with his shirt on fire.”
Os course, Governor, you’ve beard of the
writer who prefixed an elegant quotation to
ihis article, thus:
? “Shoot folly as it flies—Pope.”
\You remember that the printer was in a
hihrry, or drunk, or crazy, or something, and
tha(t the line, when it appeared in print, was, —
“s>hoot Polly as she flies—Pop.”
Then, too, all the world has heard of the ed
itor who intended to state the wine production
o* Gasconade County and whom the printers
inativ say, “The wife crop in Gasconade county,
yielded 15,000 gals.”
Said the minister in his sermon, “We are but
parts of one stupendous whole.” The printer
thought the preacher meant “whale,” and used
that word.
All sorts of vexation was suffered by the
editor of an extreme prohibition paper when a
truism of his, “All drunkenness is folly,” was
monkeyed with by a tipsy printer, and ap
peared in the paper this way,—
“All drunkenness is jolly.”
Consider this dignified notice which was
published in a Cork, Ireland, paper:
“The words printed ‘pigs’ and ‘cows’ in Mr.
Parker’s article on the land question, which
appeared in yesterday’s issue, should have been
‘pros’ and ‘cons.’ ”
Suppose, Governor, that in your gallant, deb
onair style you had toasted “Woman” at a
banquet, quoting the familiar line, “Woman!
©b* Jeffersonian
without her, man would be a savage”; and
suppose next morning you saw it in print,
punctuated thus, —
“Wbman, without her man, would be a
savage!” You would be in hot water, sure
enough, wouldn’t you?
There is an edition of the Bible, which is
known as the “Vinegar Bible.” The Claren
don Press printed it in 1617 and the printers
headed the 20th chap, of Luke,
“Parable of the Vinegar.”
An even worse error crept into the Book of
Common Prayer. The passage, “We shall all
be changed in the twinkling of an eye,” lost the
c in the controlling word, and the startled wor
shippers read, “We shall all be hanged in the
twinkling of an eye.”
Do you recall, Governor, the Portsmouth
(Maine) Argus, whose editor undertook to
publish a complimentary notice of the return
to town of one of the “most principallist”?
The editor referred to him as “a noble old
burgher, proudly loving his native state.”
When the printer got through with it, the
line read this wav, —“a nobby old burglar
prowling around in a naked state.”
Tn McMaster’s “History of the American
People.” the types make him allude to the
Spartan band at Thermopolae as “the Spartan
bard.”
Just after the Mexican War. General Pillow,
who had distinguished himself therein, was
given complimentary notices in the papers.
One Southern editor wrote “a piece” in which
the home-coming soldier was called “a battle
scarred veteran.” Unluckily, the printer omit
ted one of the r’s in the word scarred, and the
notice read, “a battle scared veteran.”
General Pillow, boiling with just indigna
tion. rushed to the editorial room, and de
manded an explanation. This was given, read
ily, and regrets were expressed, and the hero
mollified. Os course, a correction was prom
ised for next morning.
Alas! —who can tell what the types will do?
Next morning the r had got back into the word
scarred, but the imp of the perverse had put
the letter o into the word battle, —so that Gen
eral Pillow was described as “a bottle scarred
veteran.”
So you perceive, Governor, others besides
ourselves, have had their worries over typo
graphical errors.
H
The Eccentricity of Human Nature.
Human nature is a mystery not to be fath
omed. To its marvellous capers, no limits can
be set: and where it will break out next, no
seer could predict.
When President Garfield killed, the sur
geons who botched the case, by following a pus
sack instead of the bullet, had a mighty tough
time getting the government to pay them fees
for the mistakes they had made.
And the virtuously indignant New York pa
pers rapped poor old Dr. Hamilton so hard,
for presenting a modest bill of SIO,OOO, that
the veteran surgeon never held up his head
again.
When McKinley was shot, however, the sur
geons rushed in, but were not able to do a
single thing—had no elbow room even to make
a mistake, —and yet the monstrous bills which
they shoved up to the Government were paid
speedily, without so much as a passing refer
ence to Hon. Constitution.
Now, see how Charity behaves herself.
Seven millions of men, —ragged, cold, starv
ing.—throng the parks and streets of London,
and nobody seems to get excited. Horrible
bread-lines string themselves out, on blizzard
nights in New York; Judge Gary and his wife
go to see it, —as they would go to a show, —
and Mrs. Gary weeps at the pitiful array of
human wretches, and her fifty-million-dollar
husband is so touched by her tears that he
gives a thousand dollars to Charity.
After that, he thinks no more of the bread
line—which will be there every night of the
winter, and which was brought into existence
by the system of laws which made a multi-mil
lionaire out of Gary.
In these United States, right now, there are
probably two millions of human beings who
are suffering for the necessities of life, —food,
clothing, shelter.
We KNOW this, —the last one of us knows
it. With 2,c00,000 poor men out of work, for
several months, who needs to be told what the
women and children have had to endure,
andrite now enduring, and will continue to
endfite, unless relieved?
Yet nothing adequate is dove. The President
doesn’t get wrought up and order the battle
ships to the scene of suffering. Kings, poten
tates, and powers do not shell out spondulix.
The Pope does not contribute $200,000; the
Kaiser does not butt in with his.little $1,500;
J. P. Morgan does not send a check for SIO,OOO
with a request that all the papers take notice;
Kings of England and of Italy, etc., do not has
tily give away some of the. cash which isn’t
theirs; the Steel Trust does not cough up
$25,000, with a mental reservation to get it
back from the people, pretty soon; and the
Skibo humbug and the Oil tank hypocrite
don’t go down into their jeans ; and all the ed
itors don’t begin to play bn the vanity of the
fellows who give a certain amount because
that’s the only way they can get to see their
names in print.
La! what a world.
But you just let nature shoot off one of her
guns, somewhere, and create a sitnation that’s
dramatic, — then watch Charity cut up high
didos.
A few years ago, nature shot off a yokano
down at Martinique,—a little, one-horse isrand,
of West India, which island is inhabited chiefly
by colored people who don’t wear anything
much, and who get all they want to eat by
combing the beach, milking the goat, and pull
ing things off vines, bushes artd trees.
Well, Sir, nature had no sooner fired off that
volcano than the whole civilized world got agi
tated. and began to send sunplies to those nig
gers. Our President and Congress and Gov
ernment and Public Opinion were not to be
outdone by any others whatsoever. — and our
battle-ships and our public money and our
army rations and our naval stores, all went
pell-melling toward Martinique, to relieve the
distress of those niggers; and when the
first American vessel drew alongside the dock,
or wharf, —or whatever it is they get off on
down there, —what should they see but a nig
ger huckster, who had come to sell them some
thing to eat!
Now, over in the large island of Sicily, a
very terrible thing has happened. A series of
earthquakes and volcano eruptions have de
stroyed about a quarter of a million people.
We are profoundly sorrv for the dead; and we
deplore the calamity which has brought desti
tution to perhaps another quarter of a million
fellow creatures. The population of Sicily was
less than 4,000,000 before the earthquake,
and it is not probable that all the survivors
were impoverished bv it. But. even if that be
the case, there would be no more than about
sufferers.
The spectacle of that great number of the
human family, hungry, homeless and perishing,
is enough to melt the stoniest heart; but why
did not the seven millions of England’s starv
ing poor pull checks of SIO,OOO from I. P. Mor
gan and $25,000 froniptbe Steel Trust?
Continued on Page
PAGE NINE