PAGE FOURTEEN
Reply to Another Socialist Letter
(Concluded from Page 3)
buy up land? Did the Rothschilds?
Does J. P. Morgan invest in land?
Did Harriman? No, child. These
financiers monkey the money; and,
by doing so, they skim all the
profits off of land ownership with
out having any of the troubles
of tax-paying, repairs and manage
ment.
Under feudalism, the landlord
ruled: under modern commercialism,
GRAFTE SPECAN TREES
We have them in all the Varieties Worth While. The demand for
the best sizes and varieties of Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees is far
greater than the supply. ORDER NOW TO SAVE DISAPPOINT
MENT.
1909-1910 PRICE LIST:
1 to 2 foot size, 50 cents each or $45.00 per 100
2 to 3 foot size, 60 cents each or $55.00 per 100
3 to 4 foot size, 70 cents each or $65.00 per 100
4 to 5 foot size, 80 cents each or $75.00 per 100
5 to 6 foot size, 90 cents each or $85.00 per 100
OUR GUARANTEE If our planting instructions and advice as to the care of the
——————— " trees are followed, we will replace free all over 7 per cent, that
die from natural causes, provided they are set out before February 15th.
ORDERS BOOKED NOW FOR FALL AND WINTER DELIVERY.
Delays pay no DIVIDENDS! Act NOW! ORDER TODAY!
G. M. BACON PECAN CO., Mitchell County, DE WITT, fj.
[toreign missions 1
I Mr. Watson’s articles, reprinted from Magazine, in ■
book form. Ready next week. Price, 25 cents. Send in your
orders now.
I Department The Jeffersonians I
I THOMSON, GEORGIA I
-
fljearnAdwntingl
few Ad-writers earn $25.00 to SIOO.OO per week /4|
V'vV'\^ $2.00 for 12 months* subscription to SouthernA
Advertising Journal which teaches complete course
v ; ■ ad. writing. Prepares you for highest salaried I'6, Jgfi
®?^\ positio!ls Col,r ? e worth fully $40.00. Stamps
acce P‘‘ e J 1 bis offer good for short tine only.
to-day.
SOUTHERN ADVERTIRING
JOURNAL,
Dept. Richmond, Virginia.
SOCIALISM
I SOCIALISTS I
| AND SOCIALISM |
I By Thoms, e. Watson I
I Watson’s Magazine I
I October I
the money-king rules. The greatest
of all questions is the financial ques
tion, and the Socialists dare not dis
cuss it. Why? Because they would
prove that the abuses they rail at,
grow out of the legalized abuses of
capitalism, rather than out of capi
talism itself.
The Single Taxer, too, worries over
the land: wants it to bear all the
taxes. He would have Society gaze
©be Jeffersonian
fixedly on the lot and the farm which
“go up”: he never peeps at the lot
and the farm that ”go down.”. So
ciety must deprive you of the legiti
mate profit on the good investment,
without compensating you when you
make a bad one. The unearned in
crement is a wicked thing in land, but
unobjectionable when it is found in
$750,000,000 of Steel Trust stock and
bonds,- and more than $12,000,000,-
000 of railway securities. The float
ing, interest-bearing debts of this one
nation, are estimated at $24,000,000,-
000; yet the Single Taxer would re
lieve all this wealth from the ex
penses of government, and transfer
the whole burden to the land!
If Socialists and Single Taxers
w r ere right about the land, there
would be no such thing as being
‘‘Land Poor”. Yet there is such a
disease. Beyond a given limit unde
finable, but easily felt, it does not pay
to own farm land! Everybody knows
that to be true. Many capitalists
won’t touch land at all, —rural land
I mean. The taxes, the repairs, the
depreciation in value, the uncertain
ty of labor, the losses on tenants,
the cost of management, are a few of
the drawbacks.
In France, the peasants have, for
many generations, owned more than
a third of the soil: recently the ten
dency has been to cut up the big
estate of the aristocracy, and sell
it out to the peasantry. Instead of
a Land Trust forming, the progress is
in the opposite direction. Socialism
makes no headway among the small
farm peasants of France. It is con
fined to the cities, —Paris, Mar
seilles, etc.
In Ireland, the big estates are fall
ing to pieces, under the operation of
the new laws. The nobles are sell
ing out.
In England, hereditary estates rep
resent, to a considerable extent, the
actual robbery’ of the Anglo-Saxons
by the Normans. This is true, also,
of Ireland. But even in England, the
big estate is not growing bigger.
Some of the lords are selling, and
all of them are groaning under the
tremendous burden of local rates and
national taxation.
Capital invested in land, in Eng
land, yields the smallest profits. The
net income of the Duke of Wesmin
ster was given some time ago at a
surprisingly low’ figure,—two per
cent., as I remember.
In America, there are numerous
conditions which render ‘‘unlimited
private ownership” a mere phan
tasm of the heated imagination. No
such thing ever existed, or can ever
exist. And even when a country is
ruined by big estates, as Italy was,
the big estate itself was the logical
result of class-legislation. The mas
ters of the money are the masters of
the world.
THAT’S WHY SOCIALISTS NEV
ER TALK OR WRITE ABOUT THE
MONEY QUESTION. It is the chief
Iliad of all our woes—worse than the
Tariff, worse than transportation
robbery
Brother Brand argues that the
Government should own all the land,
and allow each man to help himself
to “a little strip of the domain” as
long as he lives. He illustrates by
the drink of water taken from the
public w’ell. Well, the drink of wa
ter, as Brother Brand says, ‘‘becomes
your own drink of water as soon as
you have taken it.” So it does: but
it is not to be returned to the public
well after it has served its purpose,
as the land would have to revert to
the public estate, after Brother
Brand has ceased to ‘‘live here in this
world.” The analogy is not good.
Under Brother Brand’s proposed
system, no considerable improve
ments would ever be made. There
would be no incentive. Everybody
would be nothing more than.tenants
for life, and life is so uncertain and
human nature is so utterly selfish,
that the tenant would not improve
his “little strip”. Society would soon
become what it originally was; the
race would retrace its steps; and
things would come to such a dead
level of sordid equality, such uni
form, primitive rudeness, that each
community would have to stimulate
its more enterprising members by
promising to respect his equity in
the improvements he makes. The”
Progress would set in again.
I am all alone, am I? Well, that
may be so. But. peace reigns within
me, and there is a sustaining sense
of being right. My doctrines have
been tried, and they bore the blessed
fruit of prosperous peoples and hap
py homes.
Socialism may drag down the Ven
dome column which an imperial dem
ocrat had reared, and may drive back
the tide of constitutional, bloodless
reform by murdering a well-meaning,
well-doing Czar, but it constructs
nothing. Carl Marx himself had to
disband his organization, because the
anarchists had siezed the helm, and
were yelling for blood and booty.
Not long ago, I saw, in friend
Vardaman’s “Issue”, a clipping from
a paper edited by a Kansas negro, in
which the negroes of Mississippi were
told to rise against the whites, and
sieze all the property. In substance,
the incendiary appeal was, “You ne
groes of Mississippi outnumber the
whites: you created the wealth of
the state: rise and take it! Wrest
it from the whites: it does not just
ly belong to them: it belongs to you.
Rise against the white minority:
fight for what’s yours.”
I myself heard exactly the same
sort of appeal made to a monster
gathering of white men on Labor Day,
in Kansas City, in 1904. Gov. Folk
was on the platform with me and
heard it also.
When white men incite white men
to rise and seize the property,—“not
a part of it, but all of it; not a few
loaves, but the whole bakery”,—is it
any wonder that negroes should im
itate the example? Who knows what
the millions of foreign anarchists who
are now in this country are planning
in their secret societies? Who knows
what sort of talk is indulged in be
hind the doors of negro lodges?
If our country people but knew
what Chicago and New York Social
ists are saying and writing, they
would be horrified by the doctrines
which foreigners have brought with
them to the United States.
We are in a woful plight,—but
JEFFERSONIAN CLUB NEWS.
(Concluded from Page 4)
fifty. Upon these members devolve
the work of framing the platform
for the Georgia State League of Jef
fersonian Clubs, and nominating its
officers, all to be submitted to a vote
of the state clubs before adoption.
This work should be completed in
the next ninety days.