A Plea Tor the " Penniless Lunger”
By Thos. J. Hamilton
IOSSESSING every attribute of ideal cli
| mate, the Salt River valley of Arizona
I frill
is a Mecca for health seekers. Being sit
uated eleven hundred feet above the sea
level, it combines a high altitude with the
sunshiny balm of the Tropics. With snow
capped mountains easily visible in the not far
away distance, with skies rarely obscured by
clouds, with oranges, dates and other semi
tropical fruits growing in the greatest abund
ance and with roses shedding their fragrance
in the dead of winter, this valley and partic
ularly the city and section of Phoenix is a
veritable paradise for victims of lung trou
ble.
It is conservatively estimated that each win
ter between two thousand and three thousand
sufferers from the Great White Plague come
here. In the late fall almost every train con
tains a victim of tuberculosis and a sallow
skinned, hollow eyed specimen, the feebleness
of whose walk and the shabbiness of whose
loose fitting clothing brand him as a penniless
“lunger,” come to add one more victim
to the pauper list, one more addition to the
Potter’s field. His physician, seeing that he
is traveling the path that almost irrevocably
loads to death, issues the dictum, “Go to
Phoenix.” His only thought is to get here,
No idea does he seem to have of the expenses
of a sojourn in this vicinity, no consideration
does he seem to give the paucity of positions
which is caused by hundreds of seekers of
health doing work merely in order to live.
“If I can only get to Phoenix,” thinks the
lunger, even in the last stage, “all will be
well,” and though many times on a stretcher
is he borne, though in his eyes the signal of
death is seen unmistakably approaching in
the very near future, he comes with the full
expectation of again becoming a sound and
strong man. Almost invariably it is the day
time that he arrives. The glorious warmth
of the sunshine causes him to breathe easier,
the half tropical verdure and the scent of
sweet flowers create a new hope within him.
He staggers from his seat in the car and
probably assisted by a kind-hearted conduct
or steps upon the ground and at once begins
the quest of a lodging house. In an hour’s
time a dozen boarding houses have turned
him away, for there is a conspicuous sign on
the front door, “No accommodations for con
sumptives.” A frosty night is approaching.
Indigestible food at a cheap restaurant is
probably procured and in order to get warm,
to recover from the chill caused by the fever
incident to this malady, he goes into a bar
room. If he has no money he is kicked out
unceremoniously and if the price of a drink
is still in his pocket, he buys one and sits by
the warm fire until the “closing up time”
arrives and the barkeeper says that the time
to move has come.
Wandering in the cold on a lonely street,
this poor fellow, deprived of the care of his
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
loved ones at home, his physical being sapped
of its vitality by his loathsome disease, chilled
to the marrow by the cold frost of a starlit
night, is picked up in the gutter maybe by a
policeman. He is either carried to the poor
farm charitable institution where he is cared
for or is sent to some other railroad station
on a charity ticket.
Both routes lead to death. If sent to the
poor farm all is done for him that the author
ities can do but it is of no avail. A few days
and another bed is vacant, another lunger
has gone to his reward. To the Potter’s field
he is carried in a pine box and probably two
thousand miles away from home, his remains
are interred, “Unwept, unhonored and un
sung. ’ ’
Most nobly do the charitable people of
Phoenix care for the miserable suffering hu
manity in their midst insofar as their ability
to do so extends, but the proposition is too
gigantic to be handled by such generous folk,
and it seems that only national interference
will give a material remedy.
A is given here and should be
given everywhere for those who are in ad
vanced stages of the disease not to come here.
In the incipient progress of consumption med
ical men say that this climate will probably
do much good, but when the pallor has come
on the face of the subject, when fever rises
high in the evenings, even Phoenix can only
prolong life just a little.
If penniless the bodv of the lunger is laid
to rest by the city, and so many die here each
winter that a local undertaker contracts with
the citv authorities to hnrv them at one dol
lar and seventy-five cents per head.
The Valiev of Salt River is dotted here
and there with white tents. There are prob
ably five hundred of these tents in all and
those who can erect them, live in the open air,
which is most conducive to improvement.
Some of the tent inhabitants are accompanied
by their wives and mothers and oases have
been known where some heroic girl has been
married to her lover when he was languishing
with a loathsome, incurable disease. Sur
rounded bv a. loving wife and mother who ad
minister to his everv want many recover, and
if they die, the ordeal is not so hard to bear.
But there is another poor fellow over the
way who has no loving relative. Driven from
home because he is advised hy his nkvsieian
and because of the loathsomeness of his dis
ease. he decides to pitch his tent in the Phoenix
section. His small dwelling of canvas is scan
tily furnished and a cot and a kerosene stove
are the only articles of comfort. Living en
tirely at home and having few neighbors to
come to see him he leads the simple, miserable
life day in and day out. His emaciated form
can be seen stretched upon the ground in the
sun so long as its warmth suffices and then
he crawls into his little cot for the night. An
apple or an orange and a few crackers prob-
ably make up his evening meal and when able
to, he cooks bread and meat on his stove. A
few w’eeks he is no longer able to stagger to
the nearest store and buy his provisions. If
his condition is made known he is cared* for
by the associated charities or the county, but
in some cases the subject’s tent is isolated and
no one knows of his condition.
A day marked by hemorrhages and high
fever hastens the fatal conclusion. Through
the night in fancy he can see his dear ones far
away. As the dawn begins to break, as the
Eastern sky lights up with the radiance of ap
proaching day, Death comes as a welcome mes
senger. One day, possibly two, passes and
his body is found.
In some places in the desert so many tents
are located that the place is called “Lunger
ville. ” The good people of this city do their
part well by them but in certain quarters the
condition of the poor fellow 7 s is made a jest
of. On a vaudeville stage recently an actor
made sport of the poor victims by mimicking
their hacking cough.
The sheep owner wishes for rain to make
the grass grow on the desert, the populace
wishes for rain to allay the dust, but the
“Lunger” knows that when rain comes he
runs the greatest chance of dying from pneu
monia.
The thought naturally suggests itself, Is
there no remedy for these terrible conditions?
The only one is that our great and good gov
ernment, able to equip the most magnificent
Armada of modern times, able to construct
a great school in Phoenix where seven hun
dred Indians receive instruction each year,
and able to do other gigantic things, grasp
this problem and provide for its suffering vic
tims of the Great White Plague.
A plan has been suggested that a reserva
tion tax be donated and then compel each state
to pay for the maintenance of the victims of
lung trouble who hail from it.
It is certainly up to the officials to do some
thing for the thousands of sufferers. If the
skeptic wants to be convinced as to the true
conditions, let him come to Phoenix and he
will find more suffering to the square foot of
ground than in any place in America’s broad
domain.
EDITORIAL NOTE.
Commenting on “What Congress Failed to
Do With a Billion,” the New York American
says:
“We cannot fail to notice the absence of
any specific amount set aside for the health
of the nation. We spend money for the pro
tection of hogs and cattle from cholera and
fever. Experts are ever ready to give assist
ance to the stock breeder.
“When it comes to human beings, however,
the National Government seems to think we
are perfect enough, for it has never contrib
uted a cent toward combating or investigating
(Continued on Page Eleven.)
PAGE SEVEN