PAGE FOURTEEN
that its readers shall not know the facts. It
denies its subscribers a chance to learn the
whole truth.
What sort of judgments and verdicts would
be the result of refusing to listen to but one
side, in the court-house?
In past ages, rightly called the Dark Ages,
only one side of a case was heard. Many a
man was sent to the block, or robbed of his
estate, without having been allowed to defend
himself.
Does the Index want to take us back to the
Dark Ages ?
It would seem so, in one respect, at least.
Brother and Sister Baptists, write to the
Index, and demand that your religious paper
give both sides, as the secular Jeffersonian
does I
Mr. Watson's purpose is to save the Farm
ers' Union from certain traitors WHO ARE
STEERING IT TOWARD THE ROCKS.
The organization itself, and the honest men
who are members of it, have no truer friend
than The Jeffersonian.
Jeffersonian Club News
(concluded from page eleven)
meeting for Baxley on this date.
Hope you will advertise the date well
and insist that all who believe in
Jeffersonian Democracy come out.
Hoping that we may have a great
meeting and with best wishes, I am,
Respectfully yours,
J. J. BROWN.
M EETING ANNOUNCEMENT.
There will be a meeting of the At
’nnta Jeffersonian Club Thursday,
the 16th inst., at 514 Austell Build
ing. important business to be trans
(ed and an attractive program will
be rendered.
('(INSTITUTION AND BY-LAWS OF
THE BOWMAN JEFFER
SONIAN CLUB.
Ist. This Club is to be known as
c e Bowman Jeffersonian Club No. 7.
2d. The officers of this Club shall
consist of a President, Vice-Presi
dent, Secretary-Treasurer and an As
sistant Secretary.
3d. Election of Officers. The of
ficers of this Club shall be elected by
a majority vote of the members pres
ent at the first meeting in November
of each year.
•'th. All voting shall be by ballot
and there shall be no nominations.
sth. Any member of this Club
who shall be found guilty of solicit
ing votes for himself or for any
member of this Club for any office
in this Club, it shall be considered
undemocratic and he shall be ex
pelled.
6th. Duties of Officers. It shall
Ise the duty of the President to pre
side at all meetings and to vote only
i case of tie. It shall be the duty
of the Vice-President to perform the
ties of the President in his ab
sence. It shall be the duty of the
Secretary to keep a roll of all mem
bers and their postoffice address, to
keep a record of all the proceedings
of each meeting, to receive all mon
ey, pay it out by a vote of this Club
and take receipt for same
We, the members of the Jefferson
ian Club of Bowman, Ga., Elbert
county, realizing that the time has
come when the masses should or
ganize and discuss questions politi
so as to be able to vote solidly
and intelligently upon every man and
every measure which shall come be-
A us, whether local, county, State
or national, we have organized this
oment which is to be national in
'*s scope. Our purpose is to adhere
closely to the principles of govern
ment as laid down by Thomas Jeffer
son and which are in part as follows:
“That the government can only ex
ercise powers expressly granted to it
by the people. That the individual cit-
Have You Registered?
If you have not registered, attend to the
matter at once.
Remember that the payment of taxes does
not “automatically” register you, as the At
lanta Journal said. You have got to sign
your own name, in the voters book.
The unpurchasable electors should be par
ticularly careful to qualify themselves, be
cause, under the Boykin Wright bill, the men
who sell their votes are sure to register.
One of the sections of the new law closes up
the books, and leaves the registration lists on
inspection for sixty days before the primary.
During that lengthy period no names can be
added or taken off.
The goods are on display, and the vote
buyer has two months to select his purchases.
He has sixty days’ time in which he can tempt
the voter, and buy every man who has a price.
Consequently, on election-day certain manip
ulators will enter the game with a stacked
hand.
A worse election law than the new Boykin
Wright act has seldom worked its way
through the legislature.
izen shall have the freest possible
ope without needless hindrance as
-''■ted by law.’’
•at rigid economy shall be the
• ■ l e in public expenditures. That
equal and exact justice shall be ac
corded to all and special privileges
to none.”
“That the currency of the nation
shall be in the control of the people,
and not a special moneyed class of na
tional bankers or any other corpora
tion.”
“That monopolies shall be forbid
den. That our circulating medium
shall consist of gold and silver on
equal terms and legal tender notes
(greenbacks) in such amount as shall
be deemed necessary for the legiti
mate transaction of the business of
the nation.”
“That commerce shall be free and
shall not be built up by a protective
tariff at the expense of agriculture.
We believe that a large standing
army and navy are dangerous to our
liberties.”
Our Platform.
Ist. We believe in the financial
system of our forefathers as outlined
in the Constitution of the United
States.
2d. We believe that the people
should be taxed for no other purposes
than those stated in the Constitution.
We believe that the power of taxation
should be used for the sole purpose
of raising revenue to support an
economical administration of the gov
ernment, and that it should not be
misapplied for the purpose of legis
lating a profit out of one man’s busi
ness into that of another. We be
lieve that the national income should
be derived from inheritance taxes,
income taxes and import duties laid
upon the luxuries. We believe that
there should be no Federal tax upon
the necessaries of life which the poor
man must have to live.
3d. We believe that, the great
transportation lines which under
modern conditions have become the
public highway be fully controlled
by the government in order that dis
criminations against individuals or
cities or sections may be prevented
and equal privilges accorded to all.
4 th. We believe that immigration
should be more carefully restricted
to avert the danger of our country
becoming the dumping-ground of un
desirable classes from other coun
tries.
'th. We believe that this is the
white man’s country and a white
man’s government. We declare our
selves in favor of protecting to the
fullest extent the people of the yel
low, brown and black races in the
Obe fersoniAti
enjoyment of their natural rights,
but we oppose the extension to them
of political privileges. We believe
that the salvation of our institutions
end the internal peace of our country
depend upon the exclusion of inferior
races from the civil and military serv
ices of the United States. These po
litical privileges we would restrict to
the race which originally founded
our government, and whose ideals
and efforts must be relied upon to
perpetuate, viz.:—the Caucasian
race.
6th. We favor a moderate and rea
sonable law making the attendance
of children of school age upon the
public schools compulsory, but we be
eve such legislation would be un
just if it should not be accompanied
by laws which furnish text-books at
the expense of the State, and which
will abolish the local system of inci
dentals, dues and other charges which
have so greatly impaired free com
mon school education. We stand for
higher education in the common
schools.
7th. We consider the principle and
purpose of the system of direct legis
lation to be thoroughly democratic,
and to be a prime necessity at this
time when political power is so far
removed from the great masses of the
people, and when there is so pressing
a necessity that the people themselves
should exert a greater share of power
over their representatives and public
officers.
Bth. We oppose the national bank
ing system as undemocratic and as
being opposed to the language of Jef
ferson and Jackson, and as deadly
hostile to democratic institutions.
We believe that the sovereign privi
lege of creating and distributing the
currency supply of the nation should
be held intact by the government, in
stead of being handed out to a privi
leged class of financiers.
9th. We believe that board con
tracts, where farm products are
bought and sold, never delivering the
actual spot product, is gambling and
should be prohibited by law.
10th. We believe a political plat
form should be a binding contract
between the people and their servant.
We stand for a law that gives the
people the right to recall.
11th. This being an educational
movement, we earnestly ask that all
white voters who believe in the prin
ciples as herein set forth join with
us in our endeavor to throw off the
yoke of oppression, and return again
to the ideal democracy which our
forefathers died to establish.
Mr. Watson’s purpose is to save
the Farmers’ Union from certain
traitors WHO ARE STEERING IT
TOWARD THE ROCKS. The organ
ization itself, and the honest men
who are members of it, have no truer
friend than The Jeffersonian.
K. Lamity’s Harpoon on Joe
. Bailey
One of the brightest, breeziest, boldest of
writers is the editor of the Harpoon. Here
is a sample:
“A great big burly newspaper correspondent at
Washington made Senator Bailey angry the other day,
and came near losing his life. He was a giant in
stature, being five feet five inches high and weighing
135 pounds, while Joe, when stripped and weighed in,
only tipped the beam at 265. Joe slapped the re
porter’s jaws, and he countered by an overcut with an
umbrella (one of the most dangerous weapons) and
that made Joe mad, so he locks his arm around the
giant’s neck and would have put him to sleep had they
not been separated by force. In this fight (the par
ticulars of which I am not informed) Joe Bailey was
in the right. He admits it himself. In fact Joe is
never wrong, and if,you doubt it, you can ask him. In
Texas he is known - as the ‘bad man from Copiah’, and
always carries a loaded revolver in his handbag while
traveling. When he gets on the warpath and comes
down the pike everything sidetracks from freight
trains to invalid roller chairs. It takes time and
nerve to build up a reputation in Texas for being a
‘bad one’, and the most unsatisfactory part of the busi
ness is, that about the time you get this reputation,
some little weazen-faced, spider-legged dyspeptic shoots
it full of holes. Who wants to be great anyway?”
CHEW RED EYE TOBACCO
IT COSTS A LITTLE MORE
BUT THEN
It Lasts Twice as Long
TAYLOR BROS., Mfrs., Winston-Salem, N. C.
SAW, LATH, SHINGLE MILLS
Shafting, Pulleys, Belt
LOMBARD IRON WKS., Augusta,6a.
Ten Thousand t p F T ,s
Write for our large free 132 page catalog,
showing the latest metropolitan selections of
suitable Christmas, Birthday and Wedding
gifts. We save you money. Enclose sc. for
postage. CHICAGO JEWELRY & ART CO.,
2435 Humboldt Blvd., Chicago.
AGENTS MAKE $3 TO $lO A DAY
Selling our lovely Floral and Scriptural Mottoes;
beautiful enamel finish; designed in natural col
ors with Roses, Pansies, Poppies, Forgetmenots,
etc. Choice of over 75 designs and texts. Size,
12x16 inches. Something entirely new. SELLS ON
SIGHT. Every home lover will buy. Worth as,
sells for 25c. One agent sold 1,300 in 10 days. 200
per cent, clear profit. Particulars free. Sample
motto for three 2-cent stamps.
Welcome News, 92, J. M., 161 East Randolph Street
Chicago, Illinois
CASH PRIZES
For Largest List of Sub
scriptions and Renewals
to Watson ’s Magazine or
The Jeffersonian, Novem=
ber 15 to December 31.
Open to all Agents. Full
Commission Allowed.
First
$lO
Second
$5
Write to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga.