Can We Acquit President Taft
of Complicity ?
(concluded from page one)
Wickersham: Sugar Trust lawyer.
Ballinger: Guggenheim lawyer.
Did you ever know of such a Cabinet?
American history cannot furnish anything
approaching a match to it.
Not a member of the President’s official
family is a man who could get respectable
indorsements for the position he holds—ex
cepting Meyer, Secretary of the Navy, a relic
of Roosevelt’s administration.
But here’s the point:
When Mr. Taft chose such tools as Ballin
ger, Knox, Wickersham and Dickinson, what
kind of work was he expecting them to do?
When he put a Guggenheim lawyer in pos
session of power-sites and coal lands, which
the Guggenheim-Morgan syndicate employed
Ballinger to get for it, what did the President
think would become of the property?
Did not Mr. Taft realize WHY Guggen
heim and Morgan wanted Ballinger to secure
control of WHAT THEY WANTED, and
what they HAD HIRED HIM TO GET?
Mr. Taft gave the Catholic friars $lB per
acre for the land which they had fraudulent
ly and criminally acquired in the Philip
pines. Sugar Trust Wickersham has set
aside the %,500-acre limit, and sold 55,000
acres of the best of that land to the Sugar
Trust at $6 per acre.
Is Mr. Taft surprised? Why shoidd he
be? When he selected a Sugar Trust law
yer, for his legal adviser, did he not know
that he would get Sugar Trust law?
The Organic Act of the Philippine Islands
was brushed aside, and the Sugar Trust given
a bargain which shows that Wickersham is
utterly corrupt, or that Taft himself was,
when he paid three times as much for the
same lands as was secured for them when
they were sold.
And the Harriman lawyer, Dickinson, has
been doing things just as bad for the people,
and just as good for the Harriman roads.
What else could you expect? Carpenter
Taft went to his tool chest, and took out four
augers— they are boring the holes all right.
With genuine regret, I must say it looks
like a plain case of complicity.
The Same Old Intolerant Roman
Hierarchy
A bigoted Spaniard, Merry del Vai, has
managed to become the temporary chief of
the Vatican dagoes.
The father of this dominant Spaniard,
speaking of the Roosevelt incident, said:
“It seems providential that my son should be
the man to humble a Yankee President.’’
Which remark has no other importance
than to indicate a state of mind. To the
thinking of a typical Spanish or Austrian
Catholic, an American is humbled, when his
robust manhood rejects, with disdain, condi
tions prescribed for his presentation to the
Pope.
Mind you, it was not a mere question of
etiquette, as the priests are glibly pretending.
Very loyal to their Italian masters, the Amer
ican followers of Papa are repeating the fic
tions which the dagoes have cabled them
from Rome.
Neither Mr. Roosevelt, nor any sane Amer
ican who desires an audience with the Pappy
would, or could, object to being presented in
accordance with the formula of the Vatican.
But here was the difficulty:
The Spaniard wished to exact a promise,
in advance, that Roosevelt, after being re
ceived by the Pope, would, not visit the Meth
odists.
Merry del Vai told McLoughlin that if he,
McLoughlin, would give him, the said Merry,
3effersonian
a secret promise to that effect, the interview
between Roosevelt and the Pope would take
place.
The Methodists were not designated by
name; but, as the Fairbanks incident was re
ferred to, and a promise that there would be
no repetition of it was demanded, del Vai
might just as well have used the blunt ex
pression :
“If you will give me a secret pledge that Roose
velt will not visit the Methodist Church in Rome,
after he has seen the Papa, he can see Papa.”
Os course, that is no question of courtly
etiquette. Would the Emperor of Germany
dream of making it a condition to his recep
tion of a visit from Mr. Roosevelt, that he
should not afterwards visit a Catholic
church? or a Methodist church? or a Baptist
church ?
Certainly, not.
The Pope has long been at dagger’s point
with the King of Italy; but he is constantly
receiving princes and potentates who have
first visited the Quirinal, or whom he knows
intend to do so.
Did not Mr. Roosevelt himself visit the
King, in advance of his intended audience
with the Pope? Certainly. The Papa would
never have ventured to impose any condi
tions, in that direction.
Consequently, there must be some profound
reason, based in creed or state-craft, which
governed the conduct of Merry del Vai, the
papal Secretary of State.
What is it?
The Pope cannot and does not recognize,
as Christian, any religion but his own. He
cannot and does not receive any minister of
any religion that is not Catholic. He does
not and cannot concede that Methodism is
Christianity.
Such an admission would not only destroy
his own monopoly of being the Vice-regent
of Christ, but would make the doctrine of in
fallibility ridiculous to the Catholics them
selves.
He and his ordained priests—they and no
others —can miraculously transform a thin
wafer of wheat dough into the actual flesh of
Christ. He and- his chosen ministers—and
none others—can mumble a few words over
a pint, or a quart, or a gallon of wine, and
change it into the actual blood of Christ.
God in Heaven ! How queer it makes one
feel, in this blaze of modern civilization, to
know that upwards of 10,000.000 people, right
here in America, devoutly believe that they
periodically EAT AND DRINK CHRIST.
How strange does it seem that you and I
meet on the streets of Atlanta, or St. Louis,
or New York, or Chicago sane men and wom
en who, from time to time, assemble in a
church TO EAT AND DRINK JESUS
CHRIST!
But the power of the papal hierarchy rests
upon this foundation, and they dare not make
the slightest concessions.
In this country, where the Pappycrats are
in the minority, the prelates of the Catholic
Church fraternize with Protestants, to some
extent; and admit that they are Christians.
That is done as a matter of policy. When
they gain the upper hand, it will be in Amer
ica as it is in Rome. The flash of intolerance
which startled the world last week, 'was an
accidental revelation of the ominous fact,
that the Roman Church of today is, at heart,
what it was in the days of the Inquisition, of
St. Bartholomew, of Bloody Mary, of Phillip
11. and the Duke of Alva.
If the American people had the faintest
conception of wfliat is going on behind the
scenes, at this time, there would be a popular
convulsion that would chase Falconi out of
this country, and would stop the pussy-foot
ing of Cardinal Gibbons in the corridors of
our State Department in Washington.
A Unitarian and Mason, as President Taft
is, must be very securely hranessed, indeed,
when they can drive him into a Catholic
ceremonial which makes him sanction, by his
official presence, the praying of souls out of
Hell’s waiting room—as they did after the
death of the old Belgian goat, King Leopold.
The Merchant Marine League
and Its Boodle Funds
This gang of thieves, located in Cleveland,
Ohio, have for years been trying to mold pub
lic opinion in favor of Ship Subsidies. That
is, they want the Government to allow the
owners of merchant vessels to use your public
money in their business, pretty much the same
as the national bankers do.
The Merchant Marine-League came tearing
at I ours truly, some months ago. The reason
why was, that I had gone out to expose cer
tain Farmers’ Union papers that had, all of
a sudden, ceased to cry up Soja Beans, and
had-gone to yelping Merchant Marine. Got
awfully worked, these papers did, and pub
lished many “Startling Facts”.
In fact, their Startling Facts were more
startling than true.
I am hinting and insinuating at Duck’s
Union News; the Texas Farmer, of Dallas;
and the Reimers-Neill Co-operator.
The insolent Merchant Marine League
wrote me, and accused me of being in the pay
of the Foreign Ship people. In response,
they were told that they could see all of our
internal arrangements, if they’d let me take a
look at theirs. Nothing doing. Sudden ces
sation of the interchange of amenities.
But I was awfully anxious to see the books
of the Merchant Marine League. Wanted to
see where they got their coin, and what they
did with it. Felt pretty sure that I could
then better explain that sudden burst of mu
sic that struck up among those Farmers’
Union papers.
This sassy League got so brash that it be
gan to threaten the Congressmen who op
posed the raid on the Treasury.
And there’s where the League dropped its
candy.
Steenerson and Overman fought back; and
wanted to know the same thing that I was
desirous of learning, last year.
A Congressional Committee is investigat
ing the Cleveland bunch; and already their
corrupt use of money, to influence public
opinion, is being proved.
The Minnesota man, McCleary, who has
been wandering up and down the earth
orating as Hobson does, confesses that he is
the hireling of the Marine League. Got from
$6,000 to SIO,OOO he says.
Did Hobson get any?
What other persons, and what papers were
paid to use the lies and half-truths dished out
by the Merchant Marine League?
We are on the eve of getting that infor
mation.
Gordon Nye’s Daily Paper Is
Out!
Our young friend, Nye, who was formerly
the artist of The Jeffs, has begun to issue his
daily paper — The Knoxville Evening World.
From a machine-shop to the editorship of
a big, up-to-date daily paper, and inside of
five years! Is there no encouragement for
other boys in that rapid rise?
Gordon Nye had no college education, no
money, no influential friends. His luck was
to find the open door of Opportunity.
His own energy, honesty and talent did the
rest.
I sincerely wish him success with his pa
per; and trust that all my friends in Ten
nessee will make a specialty of “talking up”
The Knoxville World.
Every State in the South sorely needs just
such independent, fearless papers.
PAGE SEVEN