elusive reply to Mr. Evans and join in your
hope that the religious issue will not again be
raised in a political campaign?
New York, June 15. J. H. H.
NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
(Continued from Page One.)
friends of doorkeepers being passed without
tickets.
There is another important official, known
as chief inspector. He is the right hand man
of the sergeant-at-arms, and he reports to his
chief all irregularities that come under his
observation. An offender, if he cannot ex
plain, is forced to retire from the hall, and the
matter is handled with practically no disturb
ance to the proceedings of the convention.
Near the desk of the sergeant-at-arms will
be the desk of his private secretary. Colonel
Martin’s private secretary is his son-in-law,
William M. Drumm, a lumber merchant of St.
Louis. He is in thorough touch with Colonel
Martin’s system of. handling his part of the
convention work, having occupied the same po
sition at the St. Louis convention.
Upon Secretary Drumm’s desk will be a
telephone connecting with the band stand.
When the sergeant-at-arms desires to commu
nicate with the bandmaster, all he will have to
do will be to deliver his message to Secretary
Drumm. Under Colonel Martin’s system the
bandmaster does not have to depend upon
signals that might be misinterpreted, or elec
tric buzzers that might become defective at
the wrong time. Should the sergeant-at-arms
wish to instruct the bandmaster to render a
certain musical selection, he will issue an or
der to Secretary Drumm, who immediately will
get into communication with the musical di
rector over the telephone.
The office of custodian of property is held
by MacDonald Martin. At every session of
national conventions many lost articles are
found in the seats by assistants, delegates and
visitors. All such articles should be delivered
to the custodian, whose duty it is to endeavor
to restore the property to the owners.
The postmaster of the city in which the con
vention is held acts as postmaster of the con
vention. A postoffice station is established in
the convention hall, and delegates and offi
cers can receive their mail without delay.
Medical Department.
Arrangements for handling the convention
w 7 ould not be complete without a medical de
partment and a hospital ward. At the Denver
convention there will not be such great de
mand for this department as at previous con
ventions in humid climates, w’here delegates
and spectators are easily overcome by heat.
Up here in Denver, a mile high, w’here the at
mosphere indoors during the summer months
always is cool and bracing, even on a July day,
there is small danger of any person being
overcome by heat. However, when a vast
crowd is assembled there is danger that some
persons will faint. Women may become ex
hausted, or delegates and speakers may be
overcome by exertion, and it is necessary to be
prepared for such emergencies.
In attendance at the convention will be
twenty-five of the most skilled and prominent
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
physicians and surgeons in America, who are
officially designated, honorable medical offi
cers. They are recommended to the sergeant
at-arms by national committeemen of the
states in which they reside, or are selected by
the sergeant-at-arms upon his own knowledge
of their ability and standing.
The emergency hospital always is located
at a point in the hall convenient to the work
ing forces of the convention, and it is sup
plied with stimulants and drugs of all kinds
that might be demanded. Trained nurses and
stretcher-bearers will be on duty to assist the
medical men.
At the Chicago convention there were not
less than twelve emergency cases each day,
but no such record is possible in Denver.
From this explanation of details it will be
seen that it is no small matter to conduct a
national political convention. Aside from the
regular business of the convention there is a
world of details in the work of looking after
the comfort and welfare of delegates and
spectators. All this is under the immediate
control of the sergeant-at-arms. This import
ant official anticipates everything. He is held
responsible by the committee on arrangements
and results alone are counted. Excuses are
not tolerated; he must deliver the goods. Col
.onel Martin has delivered the . goods for
so many years that he is a fixture in democrat
ic national conventions.
The national committee on arrangements
will arrive in Denver June 22, and will remain
on duty here until the convention adjourns.
Headquarters of this committee, as well as the
office of the sergeant-at-arms, will continue at
the Albany hotel, but the headquarters of the
full national committee will be at the Brown.
Former Governor John E. Osborne, of Wyo
ming, will continue in charge of the arrange
ment committee’s headquarters at the Albany,
and will work in conjunction with the Den
ver committee, which has headquarters at the
same place. The national committee will meet
at the Brown hotel on July 3. —Atlanta. Con
stitution.
It having leaked out that Mr. Bryan will
make Admiral Schley Secretary of the Navy
if he is elected, we are getting a bit anxious
to know whom Tom Watson has in view for
the office of Secretary of the Treasury.—
Washington Post.
“WINNOWED -
SONGS”... kjJl
j f J JfV
The great revival song book. Beata kh,
all others. New edition. But this
out and mail it with 25 cents for a
copy, or $2.50 for a dozen. Address,
J. L. MOORE, Bethlehem, Ge.
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July 16th will
contain full report of the great meeting at
Atlanta on July 9th and a verbatim report of
Mr. Watson’s speech. Single copies, 5 cents.
Bundles of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in your
orders at once to the Jeffersonian, Thomson,
G:u, for extra copies. Special rates to Wat
son Clubs.
WIT AND WISDOM FROM “THE WASH
INGTON POST.’’
The other day a Fort Wayne girl married
a man whom she jilted at the altar five years
ago because he was drunk. We hate to think
she couldn’t find anything better in the man
line during that time.
The Philadelphia man who claims to have
cured his dyspepsia by walking 1,800 miles is
now doubtless looking for a good remedy for
his feet.
With all his admiration for President
Roosevelt, Mr. Bryan just can’t get over the
desire to hurt his feelings by defeating his
friend Taft.
Mark Twain is now at the head of a new
organization formed to build a theater. Those
who know of Mark’s faculty for getting stung
will watch the venture with keen interest.
The Chicago Tribune hands out this bit of
hot-weather advice to the delegates: “Don’t
drink beer or ice water. Take a lemon.” But
the Taft forces, we notice, have displayed no
fondness for that fruit.
A Texas prophet has announced that the
world will come to an end in 1911. In that
case it behooves Mr. Bryan to make the best
of his last chance to run.
Carrie Nation has now been arrested 125
times. After ia> while she will have a police
record equal to that of the most persistent
booze destroyer she ever lectured.
“What does Washington live on, now that
Congress has adjourned?” asks the Florida
Times-Union. If our esteemed contemporary
will forward the necessary postage, we will
mail a few Washington menus that will make
any Floridian’s mouth water.
A health faddist advances the theory that
a diet of rose leaves will keep the average
person alive for 150 years. The trouble with
this idea is that the average person early in
life acquires a roast beef and potato appetite.
Says the Atlanta Journal: “It has taken
Anna Gould about as long to get a new count
as it took Hearst to get his.” Which would
be a good joke but for the fact that Anna’s
new count is a prince.
The Chicago Teachers’ Federation has been
debating the question: “Is a school teacher
competent to choose a husband?” From the
number of maiden ladies teaching school it
seems that she is not.
The Navy Department having named one
collier the Vestal, we suggest that the next
one be called the Lily.
Col. Watterson says Mr. Bryan cannot win
without the Louisville Courier-Journal. It
also seems to be definitely settled that he can
not win without the necessary votes.
PAGE THIRTEEN