PAGE EIGHT
<3l)e 3effersortian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Catered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. u June 3, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Where’s Bryan?
If ever the dear old dirigible Democratic
party needed a leader, it was when Congress
met in extra session. A new fiscal law was to
be framed which would probably remain un
changed for a whole generation, and which
would tax 90,000,000 to the extent of at least
$300,000,000 per year.
Therefore it was a matter of overwhelming
importance that the new law be framed in a
broad spirit of justice to all classes and all
sections.
From the very first, it was evident that the
organized classes, the beneficiaries of Special
Privilege, would move heaven and earth to
make the new tariff act as much like the pres
ent law as possible. The Dingley tariff has
given us the gigantic, predatory, insatiable
and ruthless Trusts. The “interests” want
another of the same kind. From the four
quarters, the eagles of protection flocked to
Washington, for the carcass is there.
But what are people doing? Those who
must pay the $300,000,000 per year to the
Government, under the new law, will be com
pelled to pay to the Trusts at least -five times
as much, or $1,500,000,000.
There you have a yearly tax of $1,800,000,-
000 per year, or S2O apiece for every man,
woman and child in the United States. Aver
age the families at five members each, and the
annual tax will be one hundred dollars per
family, on tariff duties alone, to say nothing
of internal revenue taxes, state and county
taxes, municipal taxes, and special school and
road taxes.
Is it not appalling? Is it not enough to
arouse the consumers who are to buy the va
rious articles upon which the New England
senators are putting these extravagant duties?
HIGH TARIFF DUTIES MEAN HIGH
PRICED GOODS, of all sorts.
We who consume the goods pay THE TAX
to the Government and THE TRIBUTE to
the Trusts,
How are the consumers represented at
Washington? Who is lobbying for them?
Who is going before committees of Congress
for them? ARE THEY BOMBARDING
SENATORS WITH LETTERS, POST
CARDS AND TELEGRAMS? Are they
holding any meetings anywhere? Are they
proposing to do anything? Hasn’t the eel
life enough in it to wriggle while they are
skinning it?
Apparently not. There is nothing doing in
any direction. The consumer has no friends
in court. He hasn’t sufficient vim to fire a
post-card at his little one-horse Congressman.
He doesn’t dare get reckless, and shoot a tele
gram at his humbug Senator.
As to having a leader anywhere, he has
none. Why don’t the men who were howling
for Bryan last fall, yell for him now?
All this extra session has been a glorious
opportunity for Bryan to come to the front
AND DO SOMETHING. He ought to have
gone to Washington and taken off his coat for
the consumers. The mere fact that he was
3effersoftian
there, for that purpose, would have electrified
the country, enthused the masses, and made
the Republicans afraid not to revise the tariff
downward, as they had promised. MORE
OVER, BRYAN'S PRESENCE IN WASH
INGTON TO TAKE A HAND IN THE
EIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE, WORLD
HAVE MADE THOSE DEMOCRATIC
DESERTERS AFRAID TO GO OVER TO
THE ENEMY.
® a isi
Mr. William T. Ellis
This gentleman, whom we have not the
pleasure of knowing, writes a letter to
“The Carrol County Times,” denying the
correctness of certain statements that Mr.
Watson is alleged to have made concerning
foreign missions. It appears that Mr. Ellis
has not himself read the Watson articles. We
suggest that he do this. After he shall have
done so, we invite him to write to The Jef
fersonian, specifying wherein the Watson
articles are misleading. If Mr. Ellis, or any
one else can show us that we are wrong we
will gratefully receive the correction.
® IS g|
Another Very Angry Parson
This time the reverend gentleman who
throws off his coat and gives Brother Watson
a knuckle-rap on the other cheek is an Epis
copalian signing himself, in the Gainesville
(Fla.) Elevator, as “Francis H. Craighill,
Rector.” The parson opens his batteries by
stating, “It is not often that I rush into
print.”
This is to be lamented. Practice makes per
fect, and if the Rector would rush into print
oftener, he would learn, gradually, how to be
have himself better, when he does come but
ting in. It isn’t good form for an inexperi
enced Episcopal minister to begin a contro
versy by denouncing the article of his op
ponent as mere “rot,” “Romaphobia,” “super
stitious credulity,” “wild vaporings,” hinting
at insincerity and wilful misrepresentation.
Neither is it seemly and Christ-like to deride,
as altogether ludicrous, Brother Watson’s
modest and well-meant interpretations of
Scripture.
Is it wholly absurd to contend that, where
the Bible says “go ye into all the world and
preach,” we discharge our full duty when we
have gone and preached?
Paul and Barnabas, James and John, Tim
othy and Peter were pioneer missionaries:
how did they spread the Gospel? They went
abroad, preaching at this place and that
place, until they had gained enough converts
to organize a church. This handful of con
verts became the nucleus of church work, at
that place. After this church, this nucleus,
was formed, the missionary left it to itself.
The converts were expected to go to work
among their own people, leading them to
Christ. These converts were left to pay their
own preachers and to support their own
church. Paul did not hire Romans to preach
to Romans, or Greeks to preach to Greeks.
Not a single school did these pioneer mission
aries establish. No money did the home
church send to the new churches. On the con
trary, we find that the new churches sent
money to the home church, to the “Saints in
Judea.”
These original missionaries did not take up
their residence where they had organized a
church, and spend the balance of their lives
teaching, preaching and enjoying a comfort
able salary and a comfortable home at one
place. They kept going, spreading the Gos
pel and founding other churches.
These pioneer missionaries had either heard
Christ Himself explain His meaning as to
evangelical work, or were in personal touch
with those who had. Is it not fair to presume
that Peter and Paul had a better comprehen-
sion of the true meaning of Jesus Christ than
it is possible for “Francis H. Craighill, Rec
tor,” to have?
Is Brother Watson to be made the butt of
clerical ridicule because he contends that Paul
and Peter and Timothy and Barnabas UN
DERSTOOD THEIR BUSINESS?
Was Paul wrapped up in “a snug provin
cialism” because he could not know, nineteen
hundred years in advance, that a fat politi
cian like William H. Taft would claim that
the work of the foreign missionary should in
clude literary education, industrial training,
a thorough course in hygiene, and a tutorship
in right-living ?
Taft says that the heathen must be sup
plied with schools, with hospitals, with doc
tors, with industrial education and be taught,
generally, how to keep clean and act right.
That's a big contract. If we undertake all
that, we will not have money enough left in
this country to pay our preachers—and then
what would become of us?
We have in this country about 32,000,000
people who go through the form of being
church members. There are at least 800,000,-
000 of the heathen, each of whom has as much
right to the Taft-Craighill treatment as any
other. If we adopt the Taft-Craighill policy,
every church-member in the United States
will be responsible for twenty-five heathen. Ac
cording to Taft and Craighill, each Christian
must not only labor to convert his forty
heathen, but must educate them, teach them
how to earn a living, and instruct them in
cleanliness, honesty, sobriety, morality and
other Christian Of all the asinine
propositions that ever was heard, we consider
this the most ridiculous.
Brother Craighill is very severe on Watson
about those Chinese statistics. He says that
the native Christian membership of the
churches in China is 1,141,043. If the Rector
had not been in such haste to “rush into
print,” he would have read the Watson article
with sufficient care to understand that Wat
son was alluding to Protestant native work
ers and to Protestant native converts. The
figures used in The Jeffersonian Magazine
were taken from a pamphlet furnished us by
a Methodist minister. They relate to condi
tions existing a few years ago.
At the Shanghai Conference last year, the
number of Protestant converts was given as
154,000 —according to the statistical Almanac
of the American Board of Missions. In “The
Uplift of China,” Dr. Smith puts the number
of Protestant converts in China (1906) at
191,985.
Therefore, it would seem that the mission
aries differ among themselves, quite mate
rially, as to the number of the native Protest
ants in China. Even Dr. Smith’s figures rep
resent the number as pitifully small, when
we remember that there are 400,000,000 Chi
nese.
Rector Craighill seems to think that Mr.
Watson stated that $21,000,000 'was the sum
spent annually on missionary work in China.
Here, again, he misunderstood the Watson ar
ticle. No such statement is- therein made.
We mentioned $21,000,000 in connection with
what a Buddhist missionary might do in the
Christian world, because that amount is, in
round numbers, the sum which Christian mis
sionaries are spending in the heathen world.
Equally unhappy is Rector Craighill’s
scornful effort to correct Watson in the mat
ter of the number of “working Protestants
among them.” All who read the article in the
April number of The Jeffersonian Maga
zine must have understood us to mean the
natives. “China is a country which contains
some 400,000,000 souls, and yet there are only
6,388 working Protestants among them,
counting both sexes.” Even an angry parson
ought not to have missed the meaning of that
sentence. Out of 400,000,000 Chinese, only
6,388 of them had been got to work, and these
have to be hired to do it. Hired to work as
Protestants— that is what we meant.