THE NEARBY.
(Continued from Page Three.)
prompted the answer, “Oh, ma, don’t
you think children would be better
off without any coffee'?”
“Why no, M’lis’, they like it, an’
how could me’n your pa enjoy our’n
if we didn’t give the young’uns none?
I’m s’prised to see ’at you’d ruther
have plain water. You was er mighty
han’ fer coffee onct.”
“I found that it made me nerv
ous.”
“Lor, it don’t hurt me, but I git
tired of it three times er day. But
talkin’ erbout nerves—there’s some’n’
’at makes me so nervous I could fair
jump out’n my skin,” nodding to
wards Flora, who having bolted her
supper, was sitting back hiccoughing
annoyingly.
“Go on to the pail, Flory, an’ drink
nine swallows er water an’ count em
backwards,” was she maternal com
mand given tartly.
“Mebbe coffee is pis’n, but hits so
slow ’at I ain’t afeard er hit. My
old gran’pap Owens drunk his two
cups three times ev’ry day an’ he
lived ninety- seven year,” Henry
Reed spoke slowly and ovacularly.
Melissa felt that it would be a Her
culean task to inculcate better habits
in a family so steeped in ignorance,
and without her volition, her thoughts
wandered with pain and humiliation
to a certain young man prominent on
her list of acquaintances. What would
be his opinion of her folks'? Would
he not be shocked at the relationship
to a family so utterly uncouth? As
suredly they would be ill at ease in
the presence of one whose social and
intellectual standing ranked so high.
It was well that he could not visit
her this summer.
That night when the old calendar
clock struck twelve times she still lay
with wide open eyes, motionless lest
she disturb Anna Maria sleeping
peacefully by her side. She. wonder
ed how she could endure the waiting
for an opening in the work she was
now doubly impatient to begin since
seeing the stagnant life in her home.
In bitter dismay she realized that her
measure of her approach to the goal
she had set for herself was the meas
ure of her recession from her family.
Against her will her mind would re
vert to the interests of the new world,
comparison would follow a,nd it was
plain to her that the relation coffld
never be established. It was not in
her power to raise her people to a
higher plane and she longed to be
< away that she need not witness their
unhappy condition. She loved them
but she would show this love through
her material assistance. She -'longed
to travel in distant lands where her
services were needed to win laurels
along with the money that Jie wanted
only to bestow on those near and
dear. She owed it to them for the
greater advantages tJhat had fallen to
her lot. The old school house where
she had had the foundation laid for
her education had been moved to a
more central location too far off for
the younger children to attend and
the older ones, often needed in the
field went too irregularly to make
much progress. Also, she had been
for three years a pupil of an excellent
teacher, whom a kindly chance had
sent as if for her special benefit. A
nurse would have to go off from home
anyway, and she might as well boa
Red Cross recruit. Miss Clay has
name as a volunteer for the first call,
but she wished that she had made an
engagement to return in the course
of a few days, district nursing would
be infinitely better than this weary
waiting.
He stood at the gate talking longer
than he had sat in the piazza, but
at last he extended his hand in leav
taking.
“Well, Melissa, as you’re willing
to take the case, I’m glad indeed that
I came so far out of my beat to see
you, and that I happened to know
that Lewis Brown’s wife wants i
nurse. You’ll make a few dollars, and
it may be the setting of your face in
The direction of great achievment;
you can never tell what’s going to be
the starting point for such things,”
and old Dr. John Ray smiled quiz
zically while his keen eyes read the
girl’s face. “Sometimes, however, it
is not necessary to go far to find the
field in which one’s services are most
needed, but always it is the woman
who serves whose memory is immor
tal,” he concluded as he stepped
nimbly into his buggy and shook the
lines over the raw-boned horse. Me
lissa watched him drive down the
white dusty road through a shimmer
ing haze of August sunshine with a
feeling of intense relief at the pros
pect so unexpectedly opened ahead of
her. And so it came to pass that two
days later that Melissa Reed was on
her way to “Roselawn” to see that
Mrs. Lewis Brown, fashionable semi
invalid, received the attention befit
ting her prosperous circumstances
while at the hospital, where her phy
sician though best to send her, less
for the trifling treatment advised than
that he might have the chance to
draw a much-needed long breath,
which he found impossible to take
while she was near enough to keep
him busy ministering to her hypo
chondriac ills. Twelve miles from her
home Melissa alighted from the train
at a station so like Hickory Hill that
it was undoubtedly cut by the same
pattern. She glanced about her ex
pectantly.
“Why, hello, M’lis!” and a short,
stout young man, red-headed and
ruddy-faced, of gnarled homliness but
genial manners, came up and thrust
a stubby, freckled hand out with such
honest cordiality that she must per
force recognize an old schoolmate and
much-despised would-be-lover.
“Whatcher doin’ down this away?”
and Tommy Young beamed a saintly
forgiveness for all past snubs to her
account. “Goin’ out to Cap’n
Brown’s, eh? Well, you’ll see er
mighty fine place. You don’t run up
with such houses as the Cap’n’s ev’ry
day, I’m here to state. Yes, it’s ’bout
er mile out in t’he country —there’s
Cap’n’s carriage now. I’m sure glad
that I had the luck to meet you,
M’lissy. Oh, yes, I live here; see ’at
shop yonder at the corner?” jerking
his thumb over his shoulder to a dis
play of fruit and vegetables, “That’s
where I hang out,” with evident pro
prietary pride.
“Hope to see you agin ’fore long.”
Melissa merely bowed at this speech,
as she gave her hand into his freck
led and hard hand and turned to meet
Captain Brown.
It had been a rainy day with clouds
low and threatening. A cold autumn
wind blew the leaves from the China
trees in golden showers and the short
afternoon closing in with intense
Xslja.
dreariness. Mrs. Brown, now con
valescent, elected to spend the time
in sleep, and Melissa in her own room
was sitting on the floor by her open
trunk puffing her belongings in readi
ness against the time of her depart
ure.
“I haven’t seen Alonzo’s picture
for an age,” she sighed sentimentally,
as from a box containing a few pho
tographs she took that of a strikingly
handsome and distinguished looking
young man and gazed at it pensively.
JThe romance of her life was con
nected with this picture. Consider
ing everything some people would not,
perhaps, have called it by that name,
but some people are too prosy and
exacting to see romance in anything.
Melissa did not, by any means belong
to that class. She was of a poetic
nature, capable of being lifted out of
reality into a realm of fancy—which
is a gift of the gods. As a child, she
was prone to leave the humdrum and
step into a world of her own creation
where everything was more to her
taste and wishes, and no magician’s
lamp, no fairy wand, ever opened
rosier vistas to eyes tired of the neu
tral tints of everyday, commonplace
things. Here in her castles in Spain
she found her greatest pleasure and
lived an entirely different life from
that in which fate had seen fit to
place her. It was due to this rather
remarkable gift that Melissa came to
know Alonzo, so superior in every
way to all the men that she had ever
met, so devoted, sympathetic and alto
gether desirable as a lover that grad
ually the fairy world was absorbed in
him and, the old adage to the con
trary, the course of their true love
had run with marvelous smoothness.
Many had been the teasing demands
from nurse intimates to tell the story
of “that good-looking fellow in your
trunk,” but Melissa confided in no
one. There would be ample time to
share her secret when the Red Cross
honors had been won —for even love
must wait for the fulfillment of this
cherished ambition. The pictured face
ever wore a look of understandnig
and in some intangible way imparted
comfort, such as she might have felt
after communing with a congenial
spirit. It was small wonder that the
original,—footsteps in the hallway
stopped at her door and there was a
timid rap. Thrusting the picture un
der a pile of handkerchiefs she arose
and went to meet her visitor. A little
drenched figure stood forlornly before
her. Melissa clasped her sister in her
arms.
“Oh, Anna Maria, what has hap
pened?” knowing intuitively that she
was to hear ill tidings.
“I’ve come for you, M’lis; pa’s
dyin’ and we’re in awful trouble,”
and Anna Maria sobbed and shivered
with grief and chill. Melissa soothed
and questioned as she divested the
child of her wet clothing. The father
had come home ill soon after she left,
but they had not considered his con
dition in the least serious until the
last few days, and then feeling the
need of more skillful assistance the
mother had sent for Melissa, as the
surest way to get her at once, a let
ter might have been delayed and
there was no telegraph office at Hick
ory Hill.
“And you walked from the station
through the cold rain, you poor
(Continued on Page Ten.)
Stomach Troubles
Quickly Cured
My Peptopad for the Cure of indi-
Dyspepsia, Etc.,
Sent Free to All
Free Relief to Every Man or Woman
> I
» /M. L 1
I want you to write for one of my powerful
SI.OO Peptopads for the cure of all stomach ilia.
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Acuta Gastric Catarrh.
Heartburn, Loss of Appetite, Pains at Pit of
Stomach, Constipation, Bowel Pains, etc. No
matter what form of stomach trouble you have,
let me relieve you free. This offer is extended to
any man or woman. I will do just exactly as I say I
will do. No charge whatever for this powerful
stomach draft. Wear it; eat and enjoy your meal*
without pain or distress. If you are really a
sufferer just send 10 cts. to pay packing and
mailing expenses, and one of my SI.OO Peptopad*
(Stomach Drafts) will be sent to you free. Write
Dr. G. C. YOUNG. 474 National Bank Bldg-
Tackson. Mich.
’m Afraid to Come Home in the Dark
t and 216 other Latest SONGS » nd MUSIC
W-.tj IP-sW* lOC. Love’e Gold« Dream; gweethaart Day.;
Stingy Moon; Flower of Youth; Dreaming;'RED
vfcfLK WING; ’Cau.a the Moon Can’t Tell on You; I Think
Must be Love; Stars end Stripes end You; Iola;
Ida Ho; Honey Boy; Bird on Nellie’s Hat; When the
Whippoorwill Binge Marguerite; Somewhere; Ban
Antonio; Cheyenne; Love Me and the World Is Mine; Waiting at the
Church; Yankee Doodle Boy; Waite Me Around Again Willie, etc.; IQ
Pieces Piano M US I C — Merry Widow Waite, etc. New 1908 hits, best
collection ever offered—The 216 sent with Coupon good for GOLD PLA
TED WATCH CHAIN AND CHARM for 10 CENTS , Address
J. COOK & CO., 56 Fifth Ave., CHICAGO.
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write for Our 1909 Seed Catalogue
Buy of us Seed, Grains Corns, Melons. Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses, In
secticides Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and ( ypiier’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for Ameiican and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
I wish to state to the read
ers of this paper that I do
first-class Cleaning, Pressing
and altering. Phone 143 for
prices.
THOMSON PRESSING CLUB
Chai. Porter, Prop., THOMSON, GA.
Young’s New Berry
The Berkeley.
A table berry, very like the raspberry:
very sweet; dark red when fully ripe. The
largest and finest berry of all. Very pro
ductive; grows in a long vine. 1 was
seven years making this new berry. All
kinds of berry plants for sale. Send for
price list.
WM. A YOUNG,
2G25 Mil via St..
Berkeley, Cal.
FREE TRIP AROUND THE
WORLD.
Send us a dollar for renewal or new
subscription to the Weekly Jefferson
ian, and you will get FREE fifty post
cards known as a Trip Around the
World, also a farm paper that will
teach you how to market your crops
profitably.
PAGE FIVE