PAGE TWELVE
EDITORIAL NOTES.
By J. D. Watson.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
owners, Thomas F. Ryan and his crowd,
are supposed to be good Democrats.
Jerome smothered things as much as
possible for the Metropolitan people, but,
in spite of Jerome, Ryan told a little about
the Metropolitan’s workings; he told how
they contributed to both campaign funds,
handed out money right and left without
asking questions when they wanted a new
right of way and had to get permission of
the city authorities to do certain things.
But the most astounding statement that
Ryan made to the Grand Jury was “Nine
ty-five per cent, of the stock of railroad
corporations of this country never cost a
dollar.’’
In other words, NINETY-FIVE PER
CENT. OF THE STOCK OF RAIL
ROAD CORPORATIONS OF THIS
COUNTRY ARE WATER!
YET ON THIS NINETY-FIVE PER
CENT. OF THE STOCK OF RAIL
ROAD CORPORATIONS OF THIS
COUNTRY, WHICH IS WATER,
THE PEOPLE ARE MADE TO PAY
THESE CORPORATIONS A BIG
DIVIDEND.
IS IT AJCY WONDER THAT THE
PEOPLE ARE GROWING TIRED OF
THE RAILROAD’S CONTROLLING
THE GOVERNMENT AND WANT
THE GOVERNMENT TO CONTROL •
THE RAILROADS FOR A WHILE?
Perhaps the plainest case of a legisla
ture ever selling completely out —body
and soul —was in New York when the
Anti-Gambling Race Track bill was be
fore that body.
A day or two before the vote was
reached even the big gamblers and little
crooks admitted that the bill would pass
and that they would be put out of busi
ness.
But it was a case of life and death with
the gamblers, so they sent $600,000 to Al
bany to literally buy the defeat of the bill,
and they succeeded.
Led by Pat McCarren, the notorious
Democrat, and aided by a Few Republi
cans, enough votes were juggled in the
Senate to prevent the passage of the bill,
and Governor Hughes’ efforts to rid the
State of this evil element were defeated.
But this crowd had not stopped to
reckon with Governor Huglies, and here
they have struck a snag.
No sooner had the legislature adjourn
ed than the Governor issued a call for an
extra session and he is not failing to let
“the people at home’’ know how the dif
ferent members voted.
* H *
lom W atson says he heartily favors
the election of senators, judges and other
officials by direct vote of the people. If
that is Populist doctrine, The Times must
plead guilty to entertaining the same
ideas.—Dublin Times.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
The Neto York Miscegenation
"Banquet.
The wave of disgust and indignation
which has swept over the whole country
in the wake of the banquet of the white
and-black Cosmopolitan Society of New
York, proves how fundamentally right
the Southern States have always been
on the race question.
The social equality and the inter-mar
riage of whites and blacks, as advocated
by the negro and Caucasian speakers at
this loathsome New York dinner, is noth
ing more nor less than the revival of the
preachment of such rabid Abolitionists
as Henry Ward Beecher, Theodore Til
ton, Win. Lloyd Garrison and the other
incendiaries who fired the torch of Civil
W ar.
As we took pains to demonstrate in
the book “Bethany,” the Southern lead
ers who took the Confederate States out
of the Union were able to do so because
the Abolitionists were not only preaching
Emancipation but Social Equality and
Miscegenation.
Almost the identical words uttered by
Hamilton Holt, editor of the N. Y. Inde
pendent, at the Cosmopolitan banquet,
were used by Henry Ward Beecher, be
fore the Civil War, and quoted in “Beth
any.”
The horrible doctrine that the black
skin would gradually become white by
the intermarriage of the races was one
of Beecher's monomaniacal conceptions.
That it has cropped out again is not
strange; that it should excite as much dis
gust in New York as in any Southern
City is a glorious vindication of the
Old South —the old hate-stricken, war
worn South.
For the right of the state to regulate
its own domestic affairs; for Home Rule
in its highest and best sense; for the in
tegrity and the purity of the superior race,
the South has stood, has fought, has seem
ed to lose, but has finally won.
*
We scorn the white harlots-at-heart
who pretend to seek a lifting of the
world through the prostitution of the
women of the superior race!
We scorn the white degenerates who
dishonor their white mothers and sisters
by advocating the foul doctrine that the
higher race must lift the lower by taking
the lower plane itself!
Such theories are the offspring of dis
eased brains, morbid broodings, distem
pered sectionalism. Such white women
as attended that Cosmopolitan banquet
deserve nigger lovers and husbands.
Such white men as attended it deserve
nigger mistresses and wives.
If we could huddle that unclean bunch
of freaks, and put them off on an island
to themselves, where their filthy example
would not infect other imbeciles, we
should be more than willing that all of
these white men and women should have
just as much nigger as they want,
The Ringsters Are Revolutionizing
Our Systems.
Do the people of Georgia realize what
the new rules of the Democratic Execu
tive Committee mean?
The effort is being made to overthrow,
by Committee rulings, the system of pop
ular self-government which has existed
ever since Georgia became an inde
pendent state.
Without consulting the people, without
any referendum vote, without any prev
ious instruction or notice, these political
wire-workers, —scheming behind closed
doors, — have revolutionized our system of
Government.
*
Anybody who will study our institu
tions will see at once that ours is not a
pure democracy. Neither in national af
fairs nor in state affairs does mere weight
of population rule. The evil of a pure
democracy is that the minority have no
protection from the majority.
Upon that hidden reef, all the pure
democracies of ancient and modern times
struck and went down.
Our forefathers wished to avoid this
danger, and therefore, in framing national
and state governments, they invented a
system of checks and balances by which
the minority could protect itself against
an unscrupulous majority.
If our system of government were in
tended to be a pure democracy, repre
sentation would be based on population
alone.
But it is not so. Population controls
the lower House of Congress but the state
organization, as a unit, controls the Sen
ate. In the House of Representatives,
New York and Pennsylvania are given
the full preponderance of their popula
tion, but in the Senate, — the higher body,
—the state organizations are equal. In
other words, the Senate is a check on the
House.
The idea is that mere numbers shall
not arbitrarily rule. . Majorities shall not
have everything their own way. Minori
ties shall have representation and protec
tion. The State units of Georgia and of
Delaware shall be equal to the state units
of Ohio, New York, Texas and Pennsyl
vania.
The population of New York gives her
thirty odd times as much power in the
House as Delaware; but in the Senate the
two are equal.
Thus our national system is a mixed
system —power being based partly upon
population and partly on territorial or
ganization.
So it is in the States, themselves. From
the very beginning of our system of two
legislative-branches, one has been based
on population and the other on territo
rial organization.
The Senate, representing the territo
rial units, was a check on the House, rep
resenting numerical majorities.
Any one who wants to be guided by