PAGE FOURTEEN
jiiin-7r~wiwnnnmmrwiwM«mmr7iTWiminMmrTTii mi i inniwin in i m mm i
| The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
tA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State., Leading School of the South
FEATURES: Large New College Building, Com
-L- plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write catalog and further particulars to
WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S., Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga. j
nWWMBMMWMWW—I 1 ! JLL LLL’_ J”"*. 1 !! 1 ,, . " 1 ■ .!LU_"
haMi TOM WATSON
JEFFCRSOMI AMS
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number
of subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WAT
SON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4,
1909, 1 will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second Prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold
ring for the girls.
Third Prize: Your choice of “Napoleon,” “Jefferson,”
“Bethany.” “Life and Speeches,” or “Waterloo.”
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all subscrip
tions sent in. For terms apply to
I THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
offßflrfe * I
// • ■>l
I The Rural Mail Comes Once a Day I
I TELEPHONE keeps you in touch with I
A neighbors, friends and the city every minute
of every day. Progressive farmers through
out the South are installing telephones in their
homes and connecting with the Bell System. The
Write today to the nearest Bell Telephone
Farmers’ Line Department
SOUTHERN BELL TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH CO. ls(
60 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GA. L\ Jflßk U
Liiii.im ■■■
Jeffersonian
APhillippine Shack
(Concluded from Page 3)
or fish or fruit, of which they take
a bite between mouthfuls of rice. 1
doubt very much if the natives ever
saw a piece of bread before the
Americans took possession of the is
lands.
Another important factor in the
native’s family life is the carabou,
or better known among students of
natural history as the water buffalo.
They are the Philippine beast of bur
den and are indispensable to the na
tives who could hardly get along
without them. They are huge
beasts, about the size of the Ameri
can Durham bull, but are larger in
circumference and will probably
weigh more.
They are easily domesticated,
quick to learn, slow in motion, that
is when not angry, and very willing
workers, provided they are permitted
to immerse themselves in water or
mud whenever they so desire, which
is often. The carabou has a thick
and exceedingly tough skin like the
hog, and the hair, which is scanty, is
of a deep red color and closely re
sembles the stiff, coarse bristles as
seen on the average American pork
er. They are also like the pig in
their fondness of wallowing, and if
this privilege is denied them they
become ravng crazy and are exceed
ingly dangerous. For this reason
the drivers frequently stop, especial
ly during the extremely hot portion
of the day, and releasing the animal
from the load it is either carrying or
drawing, allowing it to indulge in
its favorite pastime. I say the na
tive allows him to bathe, for well
he knows that Mr. Carabou will have
his bath anyhow, utterly regardless
of the driver’s wishes in the matter.
When the buffalo manifests a de
sir® to bathe or wallow the driver
makes all haste to free him of his
load, for when the carabou wants to
get into the water no earthly power,
save instant death, will prevent him
from so doing.
On one occasion I saw a buffalo
that was drawing a two-wheeler cart,
laden with an upright piano, dash
madly into a slimy lagoon, where
upon the cart, Its load and the ani
mal disappeared from view.
In about two minutes the cara
bou’s long, broad horns and the tip
of his nose appeared above the scum
of the stagnant surface, and there
he remained motionless for fully 30
minutes.
The driver at last succeeded in
getting a long, stout rope around his
horns, and with the aid of two othei’
buffaloes harnessed or rather yoked
to the shore end, finally persuaded
him to come back to terra firma,
dragging the cart and its contents be
hind him.
The piano, the property of some
proud, rich and aristocratic Tagalog
belle, living in the interior of Luzon,
was a ruin.
In riding this animal one has to
get used to the peculiar stride and
learn to balance oneself on the sway
ing broad back. The girth of the
body is so great that the strain on
t’ e hips is painful, but a rider soon
becomes accustomed to this. It re
quires some skill to ride one with
any degree of comfort. The sensa
tion is peculiar to one not accus
tomed to buffalo riding.
They are guided by a piece of rat-
tan attached to a ring in the nos
trils. They soon learn the voice of
their master and will come when
called. They have not the endur
ance of the American ox and cannot
work in the hot, tropical sunshine
for more than an hour at a time; but
must have a frequent recess in order
to wallow or bathe. The carabou
in feeding finds many choice foods
on the bottom of a lake, pond or la
goon. They are frequently accom
panied during their submarine re
pasts by small black birds who fear
lessly perch upon the animal’s back
and feed upon the vermin that in
fests his back, head and ears. The
buffalo appreciates his little feath
ered friends and they are frequently
seen to open wide their jaws and al
low the little birds to pick their
teeth.
The value of the animal varies ac
cording to locality. In the agricul
tural districts where hemp is the
chief product and very little plowing
is necessary, the price of a well train
ed buffalo is about $lO, but in the
rice growing provinces of Luzon, or
on the southern sugar producing
islands, $35 would be considered a
low price. Buffalo meat is much rel
ished by the natives. The flesh is
cut into long strips, dried in the sun
and called by the Tagalogs “tapa.”
The flesh of the carabou calf Is of a
delicate pink color, very tender and
when nicely broiled has a rich,
gamey flavor and is delicious. Buf
falo milk is used universally by the
natives and also by the Americans,
for domestic cows in the islands are
few and far apart. For this reason
the American Government has sub
stituted young buffaloes for cows in
obtaining vaccine virus, and they an
swer the purpose very well.
It takes a native or a brown or
black skinned person to handle a
carabou. They are absolutely un
governable in the hands of an Amer
ican or European. The United States
negro soldiers get along with them
famously, but let any human being
with a white skin surrounded by a
kahki uniform attempt to ride or
drive one and trouble commences
immediately. The animal’s temper
is the most uncertain thing in the
world. Should he happen to be a
trifle cross the sight of a white face
has about the same effect upon him
as a red rag has upon a bull. When
a soldier encounters an angry cara
bou he must look sharp and dodge
lively or he will come to grief.
My first experience with an en
raged buffalo happened In Para
naque, a suburban town in Manila
Bay, about four miles from the city,
where I was stationed with two com
panies of infantry.
Every Philippine town has its
massive stone church, surrounded by
an equally strong, heavy wall. The
churches are always occupied by the
American forces, as they are most
always located in the center of the
village and afford the troops the
best shelter and the most strategic
vantage point.
The tower of the Paranaque
church bore abundant signs of Dew
ey’s bombardment, for during that
historic event this church was occu
pied as a refuge for a small part of
the Spanish forces.
About a century ago two immense