PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
LOOKING FORWARD.
You are so tired. The hard, grind
ing day’s work is done. You stretch
out your weary limbs and relax your
system and rest. Rest and dream of
tomorrow, of next week, of next year
—of all the years to come. It is so
different from what you pictured in
days gone by. Tomorrow you will
lay aside the cares of business and go
out into the fields. Out into the
fields where nature’s beauties ever
call you; out into the woods to tram
ple on fallen leaves that ever remind
you of winter’s last long sleep. To
morrow comes and the pressing du
ties of today will not admit of your
going out into the fields and the
woods. Tomorrow you will go.
Next week, you will take off and
spend in vacation. You have worked
so hard. You have taken no vacation
in years, but next week you can go
and take that long needed rest. Yes,
you will leave off the hard toil just
for one week. You will go back to
the old childhood home and chase
once again the butterflies as you did
in the long, long ago. You wander
down the old orchard lane in the even
ing twilight listening to the songs of
the happy negroes as they wend their
way home after the day’s work is
done; gaze upon the glories of the
setting sun, as it gilds in tints of gold
the mountain tops in the distance,
and hear once again the plaintive
song of the whippoorwill as the deep
ening shades of night fall and drive
you to the cheerful glow of the coun
try fireside. Ah! what a pleasant
week it will be! Next week comes
and you find that you can spare nei
ther the time nor the money to go.
This week needs you so badly, next
week you will go.
Next year will be one of leisure.
You can take the long-put-off trip
across the waters to older lands. You
will wander amid the old scenes along
the banks of Egypt’s upper Nile,
where “Anthony, drunk with the ca
resses of Queen Cleopatra, madly flung
a world away ’’; explore the dark heart
of the mysterious East from out of
which the wisdom of the world first
flowed to bless all nations; visit the
tombs of Egypt’s great kings of the
long forgotten and unrecorded past;
gaze upon the Sphinx, the wonder of
buried years; tread the path trodden
by pilgrim feet for centuries in the
holy land; live in the sunlight of
Italian skies; scale the dizzy heights
of the snow-capped Alps; stand with
Caesar in the forum of the proud city
that, imperial-like, from the throne of
her seven hills, majestically ruled the
world; call upon the Bard of Avon,
that magician of the human heart,
who read the complex problems of hu
man nature as you would read the
open pages of a book; stop over at
Paris and study the voluptuous ease
of life with the Parisian, the gayest,
the happiest, the freest and perhaps
the bravest people in the world; lay
a garland of flowers upon the tomb
of the world’s greatest genius and
worship at the shrine of his bier as
all the world ever has and ever will.
Zshe 3effersonlan
Yes, in one year you can see so much
of what you have read and longed to
see. Next year comes, and not quite
yet have you money enough to take
this trip. One more year and you will
go—yes, next year. You are too busy
this time. Next time your plans can
be carried out. After awhile, just a
few more years of toil and suffering,
and you can rest. The mortgage on
your home will soon be paid. Next
year the tide will turn in your favor
and you can enjoy what you have
saved. Not long now until you can
settle down in a cozy little cottage
and spend a quiet old age surrounded
by all that is dear to you. Just a few
more hard-fought battles and vic
tory is yours.
Those who have spitefully used you
will understand in the years to come.
The wounds you have received will be
healed. The sneers will be turned into
words of praise. Some time you will
not be misunderstood. It is thus you
ever dream. It was thus you dreamed
in all the years gone by. Today you
live in the tomorrow. This week you
will live in the week that will follow.
This year you dream of the next and
other years to come. The reality is
so different from your dreams that
you falter. It vaguely comes to you
that it is all in vain. What’s the use?
You awake from your dream with a
start. You must not so dream. The
struggle must be kept up. You rise
and go back to work again, with the
old light of battle in your eyes that
says, unto death. —The Royston (Ga.)
Record.
JOHN SHARPE WILLIAMS’
BREAK.
“Personally I do not regret the re
election of Mr. Cannon,” said John
Sharpe Williams in New York last
week. This is a statement which his
Mississippi friends cannot appreciate.
Further in the same interview Mr.
Williams said: “If I were asked to
name two Republicans whose personal
integrity could be counted on in all
cases I would name Thomas B. Reed
and ‘Uncle Joe Cannon.’ ” By the
eternals, two of the meanest men that
have lived since John Sherman. What
motive can lead a patriotic Missis
sippian to rejoice in the election of
a man who is opposed to the construc
tion of the Panama Canal and the
deep waterway through the Missis
sippi Valley; a man who is owned
and controlled by the Whiskey Trust
and who would like to have an open
saloon on every cross roads in the uni
verse; a man who blocks and abso
lutely ties up legislation intended for
the common good of eighty million
people; a man who will not recog
nize a member of Congress upon the
floor without first asking the permis
sion of the corporate interests that
own him. Mr. Cannon is today the
most baleful influence in American
politics, and in the interest of com
mon justice to the people he ought to
be banished bodily from the face of
the earth. —People’s Advocate, D’Lo,
Mississippi.
We notice with satisfaction that
the Columbus Telegram makes a
strong and convincing argument for
our pet measure.
Those that have known us for these
many years will easily call to mind
that we were called an anarchist by
an Omaha republican paper in the
early seventies because we urged that
the Republican party should espouse
government ownership of railroads
and telegraphs.
We naturally feel pleased to see
men of all parties coming to our stand
because it is right. The railroads are
as essential to the general welfare,
and are public highways, as the wag
on roads are, and a government that
would countenance the owning of
public wagon roads by private per
sons would be as. ignorant or as un
just as is our present railroad sys
tem.
To allow a private corporation to
own the railroads is of a piece with
the old English law taxing windows
in a house. There is no excuse for
it except in the ignorance that caused
our people to permit it in the start.
Judge Howard makes a strong
point when he compares the status of
the railroad employes of the railroads
with that of the postal car clerks, and
there is another point in the fact
that the railroad employes are today
siding with the exploiters of the
roads.
If the managers of the roads con
tinue (as they will) to ignore the
laws of the state as they ignore the
claims of justice and then are backed
up in their practice of political con
trol by the votes of their employes,
their continued existence will be ev
ery day more dangerous, so that it
will stand the rest of mankind to
combine for their overthrow. —Look-
ing Glass, Monroe, Neb.
The French system of telegraphs is
owned by the government, and night
messages between any two points in
the country may be sent for two-fifths
of a cent a word. It is a picnic for
the newspapers, as they can have a
reasonably long special from the fur
thest point in the country for a quar
ter of a dollar. In this country the
same message would cost more than
sixty cents for the shortest distance.
—Tampa Times.
What better proof do we need to
convince of government ownership
of all public utilities. On all sides we
hear the old gag that it would cor
rupt our government, but how in the
name of heaven can you spoil a rot
ten egg? If we do not own these
utilities of human need, they will own
us. —Polk Co. Record, Bartow, Fla.
Trouble appears to be brewing be
tween Taft and Cannon. The Speak
er of the House would like to take all
the declarations of the Republican
platform about revising the tariff in
a Pickwickian sense and only cut du
ties where cuts will count for noth
ing; while Taft actually thinks that
promises mean something and is go
ing to insist that the pledge to re
vise the tariff shall be fulfilled to the
extent of cutting off duties that do
increase prices, as well as those that
have no effect on the consumer. More
than this, Taft is threatening to take
a hand in the contest for the speaker
ship of the next House and put some
stumbling blocks in Cannon’s way,
unless the old man will promise to
be good and help along in enacting
reform legislation. Taft evidently re
members what sort of an obstruction
ist Cannon proved in the last Con
gress and means to put him where
he can do no harm, if he will not
agree to be good. There are lots of
Republicans who have special inter
ests to be fostered by national legis
lation who would rather have seen
almost any other man elected Presi
dent than the man who was.—lnde
pendence (Kan.) Times.
The last lingering doubt has gone.
Colonel Bryan will not only be a can
didate for the nomination four years
hence, but may be regarded as a life
time candidate. This is what he said
at Galveston, as reported to The Bal
timore Sun: “I have not sought
the nomination and do not propose to
seek it (save the mark). This is
left to the people. The Democratic
party chose me for this high office
and offered me the nomination (save
it again) and I accepted it, and the
party made a great fight. It would
be extremely presumptuous for me t<
say that I expect to be a
four years or eight years from nd
I am willing to serve the people, ai
if they elect to choose me again in > ~
8 or 20 years to be the standard-bear
er, I am willing to make any sacri
fice. ” Bryan forever! say we. —
Charlotte (N. C.) Chronicle.
Champ Clark, of Missouri, has
been elected Democratic minority
leader in the House of Representa
tives, John Sharpe Williams having
in order to study “Senatorial Cour
tesy.” Let us hope that the party,
under his leadership, will pursue a
more aggressive policy than it did
under the leadership of Williams. The
“Dignified Senate” is a more suit
able place for him any way, as no
body but the trusts ever expect any
thing from the Senate. —People’s Ad
vocate, D’Lo, Mississippi.
Everybody seems to delight in abus
ing the railroads for their exorbitant
freight charges and often the tele
graph companies get a fling, but the
greatest of all, the express companies,
somehow escape getting their just
dues. They can pile on the extortion
with greater simplicity than any other
transportation monopoly in existence.
—The Gainesville (Florida) Elevator.
President Roosevelt has just issued
an order placing near 15,000 fourth
class postmasters in the classified
service, and hereafter merit and not
pull will be the stepping stone by
which those desiring will be lifted in
to office. Some of the little Con
gressmen, who are long on pull and
short on ability, are kicking about
the curtailment of their power, but
the people are the beneficiaries.—The
Clifton (Tenn.) Mirror.