PAGE TWENTY
UNCOMMON WANTS.
Curiously worded advertisements,
which are funny without the author’s
intent, are to be found in almost any
number of any newspaper. The fol
lowing announcements were printed
in all good faith in the advertising
columns of various English newspa
pers, and, as a whole, they won a
prize offered by a London periodical
for the best collection of such speci
mens of unconscious humor:
Annual sale now on. Don’t, go
elsewhere to be cheated —come in
here.
A lady wants to sell her piano,
as she is going away, in a strong iron
frame.
Wanted—Experienced nurse for
bottled baby.
Furnished apartments suitable for
gentlemen with folding doors.
Two sisters want washing.
Wanted—A room by two gentle
men about thirty feet long and
twenty feet broad.
Lost—A collie dog by a man on
Saturday answering to Jim with a
brass collar round his neck and a
muzzle.
Wanted, by a girl, her
passage to New York; willing to take
care of children and a good sailor.
Respectable widow wants washing
on Tuesdays.
For Sale—A pianoforte, the prop
erty of a musician with carved legs.
Mr. Brown, furrier, begs to an
nounce that he will make up gowns,
capes, etc., for ladies out of their
own skins.
A boy who can open oysters with
reference.
Bulldog for sale; will eat any
thing; very fond of children.
Wanted—An organist and a boy to
blow the same.
Wanted—A boy to be partly out
side and partly behind the counter.
—Youth’s Companion.
How many subscriptions will you
send us in 1910?
! “IN YOUR MAD ZEAL YOU BETRAY CHRIST”
WatSOll S “ Christians of America! The cry of the children of this land rises loudly
Magazine and bitterly against you. The infant lies at your door. And in a large, national,
== racial sense, it is your child! And you are leaving it there, to die of criminal
MARCH, 1910 neglect, while you rush wildly to Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceanica and Latin
Price: IO Cents America, to save the stranger’s child!”
SI.OO a Year
| 18F FOREIGN MISSIONS, By Thos. E. Watson
“ On that great day, when the earth and the sea shall give up their dead, and men shall
J troop toward the Great White Throne, to give an account of the deeds done in the body
i what will you say? Oh, what can you say, when you are accused by the little ones for
whom you are responsible, and whom you allowed to go to Death or the Devil?”
■ ‘i i* i'4i JI Mi >■ J1..11 'lll fl-.n I 'l l ._lAlU.L..i'mn.'.i,'l..iu.. j i n ■u-inwm .n.r . .j, ,
| AND A DEFENSE OF FOREIGN MISSIONS
ft “ You fetter the future of your country with the foul bonds of the Harlot. In your mad
A zeal to compel other races to change their religions, you betray Christ in your own country.”
‘‘The Laymen’s Movement really means ‘the world for the Trusts.’ With the crafti
ness of Satan himself, the wolves of the Trusts are donning sheep’s clothing. In the name
of God they are setting up, throughout the heathen world, their own golden altars. ”
“THE INFANT LIES AT YOUR DOOR-TO DIE!”
-——.— ■ ■ ■ - -
IRISH VS. ITALIAN METHOD.
The Rev. Sanford Culver Hearn,
pastor of the First Methodist Episco
pal church, Yonkers, is relating a
street car incident which concerns a
conductor, an Irishman and an Ital
ian. Each had given a dime to the
faretaker, but had received no
change.
“I wanta da nick,” complained the
Neopolitan.
“You’ve got your nick. No more
nicks for you. See?” And the con
ductor moved to the rear platform.
The Italian sat meekly in silence,
but the Irishman employed different
tactics. He went to the doorway.
, “Gimme five cints change,” said
he to the conductor.
“You’ve got all the change you’re
going to get” was the retort.
“See here,” exclaimed the Irish
man, “you may play that chune on a
hand organ, but you can’t do it on a
harp. Gimme five cints.”
And he got it.—Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
Two Irishmen, bent on robbery,
held up a passing Scotchman. After
a long, fierce fight, in which the
Scotchman almost had the better of
it, they succeeded in conquering him.
A thorough search of his clothes dis
closed one lone five-cent piece.
“Troth, Pat,” said Mike disgusted
ly, “if he’d had tin cints instead of a
nickel he’d have murthered the two
of us!” —Everybody’s Magazine.
MOURNFUL PLEASURE.
Master —“Since your wife died you
have got drunk every day. You had
better get married again at once.”
Servant—“Oh, sir, leave me yet a
month in my grief.”—Bon Vivant.
OVERCOME BY HIS FEELINGS.
Pat (at sea) —Sure I never thought
that parting with Biddy would make
me feel so quare!—London Opinion.
Jeffersonian
FISH
Drop us a card and we will put you
on to something- with wdiich you can
turn your neighbor green with envy by
catching dead loads of them in streams
where he has become disgusted trying
to catch them the old-fashioned way.
It’s something new and cheap. It
catches at all seasons—something no
other tackle will do. It will tickle you
to see it catch house and musk rats.
Illustrated catalogue of prices and tes
timonials for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the
celebrated Double Muzzle Wire Fish
Baskets. Our sale covers over twenty
States. We pay the freight on one
dozen or more Nets.
EUREKA FISH NET CO., J: SH; &
guaraSSthrhyears
U 30 DAYS DRIVING TEST
. A guarantee as good as a Gold Bond; a trial as liberal as
£ XV/X 7 any one could ask for, and a, positive saving of from 820 to
i SlO, We defy any reputable concern in the U. S. to duplicate our
—D prices on vehicles of tho qualities we guarantee. Our guarantees
//■P(Ys\n s / are ,I,e strongest and most liberal ever made, and are positively
NZ AlYjJd \\/ V Z/ X I YX \\/ binding; and our vehicles must prove them In actual service
\ .• . \zX before we’ll expect you to be satisfied. We do not compete with
people who have no reputation to lose, or who misrepresent their
RETAILS REGULARLY FOR .$65.00 vehicles.
Send To-Day For Our Big New Free Catalog, No. 105
■w— iinrriiiTn~imr - ~irT~'_ur""i - ii n iw hi mwiitiiiwn brmiwsb— > <smi mhhiiihi wkmmwi ihiii w iiwi— wihm—■
*lt describes, picturesand prices upwards of two hundred modern styles of the highest grade Runabouts,
Speeders, Buckboards, Top Buggies, Stanhopes, Phaetons,
Surreys, Spring, Farm and Mail Wagons. Road Carts and Har- A f d3TVDD © CA
ness at actual factory prices. We sell DIRECT and save you IWMrWJLiJyO X 9 ijiijlr Ji V/V.a
the dealer’s profits. Don’t delay. Write today. SAVE while you pay. Dept. F 41 South Forsyth Street, Atlanta, Georgia.
ENEPTUNE MATTRESSES |
► Direct From Factory far? eja *
; To Consumers For . vLiIV t
K We make the NEPTUNE MATTRESS in our own factory of good staple t
K cotton and best quality of Satteen Ticking, and know it is a full 45-pound >
ROLL EDGE MATTRESS and made under sanitary conditions. +
Send us your order with money order, express order or check for $7.50, +
r and Mattress will be shipped promptly from our Atlanta Factory, Freight +
£ Prepaid. >
► ATLANTA MATTRESS CO. t
; 174 Piedmont Ave., ATLANTA, GA. t
FEATHER BEDS
PAIR OF FEATHER PILLOWS FREE.
For next 30 days I will ship you a
nice 30-lb. Feather Bed of new prairie
duck feathers; Bed full size, 9 yds. aca.
S-oz. ticking, for only $lO, aind give
you free, as a present, a nice 6-lb. pair
of Feather Pillows worth $2.00. On or
ders for two or more beds I pay the
freight. This is special for 30 days
onl.
Remit by postoffice money order or
registered letter.
BLACKWELL FEATHER BED AND
FURNITURE CO.,
Cowpens, S. C.