PAGE TWELVE
Some Reasons to Sustain the Term:
“A Contemptible Little
Demagogue ”
(concluded from page one)
taken out of your national Treasury and
“preferential tariffs”.
(See page 16, Union News, October 27,
1909.)
With amazing lack of knowledge of the
subject, Duckworth says that Brooks argued
that “the best and only way to build up the
American Merchant Marine was to remove
the protective and prohibitive tariff on ship
building material’’.
Mr. Duckworth not only neglects to keep
posted as to the law of the land, but he for
gets what is published in his own paper.
Let him turn to the record and he will dis
cover that shipbuilding materials pay no tariff
duties whatever. That has been the law for
some years.
Let him turn to the files of his paper and
read last page of his last issue for October,
1909. He will discover that Mr. Brooks not
only argued in favor of a Ship Subsidy to
consist of bounties and preferential tariffs,
but anticipated and answered objections to
that form of subsidy.
Mr. Duckworth’s efforts to deceive the
farmers about his Galveston speech, and his
Hannacrat affiliations, are so clumsy that one
might even reach the conclusion that he is a
new hand at that kind of thing. ’I on are
familiar with the line,
“Oh, what a tangled web we weave,
When first we practise to deceive’’’
If he was tricked in the matter, or support
ed the resolutions without knowing the sinis
ter purpose back of them, let him make a
clean breast of it. The manly course is ever
the best, in the long rim.
This Should Make All of Us Feel
'Ashamed of Ourselves
Near Dalton, Georgia, lies a helpless in
valid, named Lawrence Bird. He has spinal
disease —can not rise from his bed. His only
nurse is an aged and feeble mother: and they
are so poor that the good old soul has to go
barefooted most of the time. The Comity
authorities allow these two paupers the sum
of $5 per month. When they plead for
more, they are told that they should go to
the Poor-house. They’ve been there once, and
say they would rather die than go again.
The statement is not hard to believe.
How have these two Georgians managed to
live?
Listen:
The Yankees of Maine have been support
ing them!
How does that make you feel? You are
ashamed, all over, aren’t you? If not, you
ought to be.
Here, our charitable people have been put
ting up money to buy Dear little Doras, ''all
over Africa' I ', so that these little niggers
might be cleansed, clothed, fed. sheltered,
taught music, and given a finished education.
We have been furnishing dentists and gold
leal 1° pl n V the rotting teeth of the heathen.
We have been giving away medicines and
medical service and trained nurses, through
out the Oriental world. "We have been build
ing asylums and homes and hospitals m every
land but our own.
Nearly every Christian church in China, has
an apothecary-shop and, a hospital annexed,
for FREE use by the heathen.
The small town of Greensboro, Georgia,
gave $7,000, to this sort of thing , last year,
and has promised $19,000, for this year. To
keep up the monstrous system which they
have established, they are turning all the
secular papers and the churches into clamor
ous beggars for the heathen.
Yet, we have no eyes, no ears, no heart for
'Seffarsonlan
the sufferers of our own household. We don't
attach free dispensaries and hospitals to our
churches, HERE. Oh, dear no! We can
only do that in foreign countries. WE
DON'T SEND TRAVELLING DOCTORS
AND SURGEONS TO SEARCH OUT
CASES AND RELIEVE THE SUFFER.
ERS, IN THIS COUNTRY. Oh, dear no!
We can do that for none but the foreigners!
And so it happens that when two of our
fellow citizens are about to perish for lack of
food, the relief comes all the way from the
State of Maine!
A charitable League, of Augusta, Maine,
publishes a paper, named Comfort. A “Let
ters” department is presided over by “Uncle
Charlie”. This kind-hearted man learned of
the plight of the Dalton Shut-in; and he has .
been the means of securing funds for the sup
port of Bird and his mother, during the last
three years.
We propose to relieve these generous Maine
people of that*part of their noble work.
UY Georgians can take care of our wound
ed. and bury our dead—CAN'T WE, MEN?
Let us all chip in, and make life easy to the
bed-ridden sufferer, and his poor old mother.
Every one of you who reads this can spare
a dime.
SEND IT TO HIM! and make yourself
feel better, at the same time that you relieve
as far as you can a sick man who is always
in pain—and who can not live very long.
The Man Higher Up
The roaring farce goes' merrily on: the un
derlings who commit crime in obedience to
orders, and without deriving personal benefit
theres rom, continue to go to jail and to the
penitentiary. Bur the Man Higher Up wends
his unwearied way from home to office, from
home to church, from home to gorgeous ban
quets, without any molestation from the
powers that be.
The Powers know as well as you and I do
who the real criminals are. They know it
far better than we outsiders can possibly
know it.
They know why the underlings committed
those crimes. They know who planned the
frauds and who reaped the benefits. They
know who got the goods. They know who
were caught with the goods.
Yet the Man Higher Up roosts serenely on
the uper limb, while his underlings, whom
he ordered to steal from the Government, are
marching into penal servitude.
Last week. The Man Higher Up sent more
than $600,000,000 to the Government, to
make good a portion of his stealages. To
that extent, by his own admission, he had
robbed the Government by false weighing.
His underlings had “fixed” the Scales, at his
command. Government employees, bribed
by him, had winked, while his underlings
cheated the Government by the use of those
“fixed” Scales.
Mr. Taft knows this: Mr. Wickersham
knows it: Wade Ellis knows it: John S. Wise
knows it. And they know that the Man
Higher Up knows that they know it.
But nothing is done.
Spitzer, an underling, comes to the Atlanta
Penitentiary, under a sentence of two years,
for his participation in a' half-billion-dollar
series of crimes.
And he says bitterly. “They have sacrificed
me. to .save themselves." Who are “they”?
Each one is a Man Higher Up.
Now listen:
Wade Ellis, Assistant Attorney-General of
the United States, has been z busy with these
Sugar Trust cases. He has all the evidence
in his possession, lie can socially ruin and
can penally punish the Man Higher Up. And
the M. IT. U. knows it.
The tide is running strong against the Re
publicans. The insurrection against Cannon
and Aldrich has grown like wild-fire. The
whitewash which Taft gave to Ballinger was
fresh fuel to the flames. The kicking out of
Pinchot made him stronger. Even such a
machine Senator as Elkins can feel the
ground quaking under the stand-patters. The
election in poor De Armond’s district has
stricken terror into the Powers that Be.
A great fight is on, in Ohio! The strong
hold of Taft is in danger. It must be held
in line at all hazards. Ohio lost to the Re
publicans would mean a stampede that all
hell couldn't stop.
Taft knows it: they all know it. They
need oodles of money for Ohio —slush funds,,
campaign dough.
And what happens?
Wade Ellis resigns his $7,000 job as Assist
ant Attorney-General, to become the man
ager of the Ohio campaign! The first of his
duties will be to replenish the empty dough
bag. His first thought will be, “Out of whom
can I fry the most fat?"
Now, please don't insinuate that Wade El
lis will think of the Man Higher Up. Fie!'
fie! you must not be so suspicious.
And it would simply be shocking, if you
were to intimate that Mr. Taft (who has
taken command-in-chief of the Ohio cam
paign) selected Wade Ellis as manager for
the reason that Ellis can make an irresistible
appeal to
THE MAN HIGHER UP.
A Little More of Little Ellis
(concluded from page nine)
challenge to meet William T. Ellis, in public de
bate on his reckless charges and complaints. But
he declines on the puerile ground that Mr. Ellis
is too obscure a man for the mighty Watson to
take notice of. Verily Tom Watson makes a
mighty successful dunce. It’s a good venture
that as many people know Ellis as can remember
who Watson is, and it’s sure that a great sight
more respect EHis. —February 3, 1910.”
As you did not say from which of the pe
riodicals mentioned you took the above, I
don’t know who to hit. It’s an awful thing
to hit the wrong man—as I once said consol
ingly, to Hoke Smith.
The “business men of Atlanta” petered
down, most principally, to Dr. Something-or-
Other Hull. Can’t think of the frontlet to
his surname just at the present, it isn’t of suf
ficient importance to search the files. The
Dr. Hull aforesaid is the gentleman who was
educated to become a missionary doctor to
the heathen. After getting his free educa
tion, he settled down in Atlanta to compete
with the physicians who had had to pay for
their education. At least, that’s the story as
it conies to me. If Dr. Hull says it ain’t so,
we’ll publish his denial.
What I chiefly admire about this Mr. Ellis
is, the breezily unconscious style in which he
~damages and annoys the missionaries. It is
all right for me to do it, but their own dear
little champion oughtn’t to embarrass them
so often and so much. It ain’t fair.
The Ship Subsidy
How can a Subsidy, paid by the Govern
ment to a few Ship-owners, increase the size
of our magnificent Merchant Marine?
The Hearst papers (in league with the Re
publicans,) state that when we complete the
Panama Canal, we will not have a single ves
sel to go through it.
What’s to hinder some of our 25,425 sail
ing vessels and ocean-going steamers from
reaching Panama? Mr. Hearst had better
order his fancy-price editors to look up the
size of our Merchant Marine, in the United
States Statistical Abstract.
To the value of $100,000,000, the ships
which fly foreign flags belong to Americans.
If Congress would liberalize our navigation
laws, and allow the registry of ships bought
from Europeans, we would soon see our flag
on all the seas.
How can a subsidy of a few million dollars