dollar book free
MY SUCCESS
IS YOUR BAIN
My professional and financial success has
been phenomenal. I have succeeded, beyond
my fondest ambition, in doing good in the
world, in benefiting humanity. I have ac
quired a liberal share of worldly goods. For
all of this lam gratefid, lam thankful. To
show my gratitude, to prove my appreciation
of the skill with which I have been endowed
and the success with which I have met in the
medical profession, I propose to do a great
kindness to humanity— l propose to help the
sick and suffering free of charge. This is my
plan: I will positively give away 10,000 home
medical books and 10,000 free treatments to
the first 10,000 people who write to me —only
one member of a family should apply.
I Don’t Care
Who You Are
where you live or whether you are rich or
poor—if you need a practical medical book to
guide you year after year—if you need medi
cal attention for any disease curable by mod
ern medical science, I want to help you, free.
I can afford to send 10,000 books and free treat
ments, postage paid. lam determined to help
10,000 sufferers without cost to them. Will you
be one of them? Don’t miss this chance. Sit
down right now and mail the coupon below,
be one of the fortunate 10,000. The book and
free treatment will cost you nothing now, or
any time; you will not be obligated to me
in any way. When I say free, I mean free.
Cut or tear off this coupon along this line, draw a line under the diseases you have, fill in the coupon and mail to
.“SSttS?DR. JAMES W. KIDD, 136 Kidd Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.
RHEUMATISM KIDNEY TROUBLE irinn ™ wwwjmwj iiimi
LUMBAGO BTADDER trottbt E i J OO , 070 ? K l DD, “ Please send me, free of charge, postage paid, your 192-page Home Medi-
* BLADDER TROUBLE cal Book and a free proof treatment for my case. It is understood that this book and treatment
ECZEMA HEART DISEASE is not to cost me one cent, now or at any time, and that it does not obligate me in any way
SCROFULA IMPURE BLOOD „ x
(Write name on this line.) - tAe-n'k
CATARRH FEMALE TROUBLE -__s®_
DROPSY TORPID LIVER .... .
PILES PARTIAL PARALYSIS
NEURALGIA CHRONIC COUGH , KT v ,
DIARRHOEA NERVOUSNESS _ h _ e ?_
CONSTIPATION PROSTATITIS
INDIGESTION MALARIA
HEADACHE PIMPLES
DIZZINESS LUNG TROUBLE
EPILEPSY ASTHMA
NOTE:—If you have any disease or affliction not mentioned in this list, describe on another sheet of paper and send with the coupon;
or, if you prefer, describe your condition in your own words in a letter to me.
innnn si.oo medical
■ UpUUU BOOKS FREE
1 Send No Money—No Stamps—
Simply mail me the coupon printed below and
I will send you, absolutely free, postage paid,
this valuable medical book for the home—
a SI.OO book free. A copy should be in every
l household. Read the simple instructions be
low, then send me the coupon at once— before
it is too late to accept the most generous, the
1 most liberal offer ever made. Let me explain.
Blrm u 1 1 11 AwF R
9 ■ HBnSTl *
H
Diseases I Treat 2.™
2___ 2 curable diseases, but
I do claim to cure and
actually, positively cure many diseases that others
consider incurable. I have cured thousands of se
rious chronic cases—many cases that others have
failed to cure. I want to prove what my treatment
will do for you. The free treatment is the best
test, it is the one convincing proof. I send it with
out cost to you—l pay all charges if you are one
of the 10,000 to accept this free offer.
A Free Treatment for You
The free treatment I will send you will contain
not one but as many kinds of medical remedies
as I find advisable in your case—remedies to
strike straight at your disease, constitutional
remedies, remedies to tone up your general sys
tem. The medicines I will give away are pure,
effective, curative; they are the result of mod
ern medical science. I have cured many others
—I want to prove that I can cure you,
A SI.OO BOOK FREE
if you write at once. The price of this inter
esting, instructive book is SI.OO, but as long as
the free issue of 10,000 copies lasts I will send
them free, postage paid, to those who are sick
or afflicted in any way, to those who write tell
ing me how they suffer. This volume contains
192 pages of practical information and pro
fessional advice that every man and woman
should know. It is well illustrated. It de
scribes all diseases, explains all symptoms,
gives the causes of diseases, tells how to prevent
sickness and explains how a great many dis
eases can be cured in your own home. If you
want to be well and remain well this is the book
for you—and it is free.
11 I II il 1 I will accept no
I Ask Nothing rrLxz
treatments I have
decided to give away. I want to prove that my
treatment will do in your case what it has
done in thousands of cases. By proving my
skill to you I hope to prove it to your friends
and neighbors. If I can help you, if I can
cure you, I want your good will, I want your
gratitude—l want you to speak a kindly word
for me to your sick friends when convenient
to do so. This is all I ask. Thus will I re
ceive my reward.