PAGE SIXTEEN
SUMMARY OF EVENTS.
(Continued from Page Four.)
information and honesty to transact
the business for which they were
elected, without any more expensive
and useless departments. Science is
not hiding its results behind closed
doors, and it is difficult to believe that
any given hundred or so average per
sons would not have a tolerably good
idea of the “by-products” of petro
leum, of coal-tar, etc. Therefore,
what is the matter with Congress,
when it needs to be advised as to the
origin of gasoline, of vaseline, and
the ordinary commodities of daily
life? Or are most of them content
to be mere disciples of Blackstone
and Beelzebub? Expert commission,
indeed! Common sense and common
honesty would at the present moment
cut the tariff about in half, for a
starter, and then take another whack
at it and cut it some more; meantime,
reducing and national expenses and
raising the national revenue by direct
taxation. The suggestion of a per
manent tariff commission is merely
to create the conviction that a pro
tective tariff is a necessity and to fix
that erroneous and iniquitous system
as a part of the governmental policy
for decades to come.
Both Missouri and Florida are now
in the throes of a
Prohibition, “state-wide” discus
sion, with the strong
probability that each' will go dry
within the present year.
Gold Spectacles Free
"Write and Get a Handsome
10-karat BWJ2-PU) Pair Os The
fiWfiOOM
f 2 —-JWWSCX
Not Only For Trial —But to Keep
DON’T SEND ME A CENT
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred - thousand pairs of the Dr, Haux
famous “Perfect Vision*’ Spectacles to genu
ine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers in the next
few weeks —on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on
your own eyes, read and sew with them
and put them to any test you like in your
own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely
and positively convinced that they are
really and truly the softest, clearest and
best-fitting glasses you have ever had on
your eyes, you can keep them forever
without a cent of pay, and
Just Do Me A Good Turn
by showing them around to your neighbors
and friends and speak a good word for
them everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won t you help me introduce the won
derful Dr, Haux “Perfect Vision** Spec
tacles in your locality on this easy,
simple condition ?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want
to do me this favor, write me at once and
just say: “Dear Doctor:—Mail me your
Perfect Home Eye Tester, absolutely free
of charge, also full particulars of your
handsome 10-karat flQIjfMjOlD Spectacle Offer,"
and address me personally and I will
give your letter my own personal atten
tion. Address: DR. HAUX, (Personal),
Haux Building, St. Louis, Mo.
NOTE: The above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world, and is perfectly reliable.
FARMERS’ UNION RESOLU
TIONS.
(Continued from Page Thirteen.)
tors and Representatives use their
best efforts to have repealed the law
allowing the sale of “near beer” in
Georgia, as in our judgment it is too
‘ 1 near. ’ ’
Resolved, fifth, That we respect
fully ask our Senator and Represen
tative to have a law enacted making
the office of County School Commis
sioner elective by the people. *
'Resolved, sixth, That we earnestly
ask that our Senators and Repre
sentatives to enact a law regulating
the running of automobiles on the
public roads of our State.
Resolved, seventh, That a copy of
the above resolutions be furnished to
the Douglas Enterprise, Coffee Coun
ty News, Union News and Jeffer
sonian, kindly asking publication.
T. 0. Allen,
President.
Wm. Starling,
Secretary and Treasurer.
PAPER TRUST.
Two years ago the price of spruce
pulp wood was sl3 per double cord,
f. o. b. cars. Last year it nad
dropped to $11.75. It is now quoted
at SB.OO. Here is a decrease in two
years of 40 per cent in the cost of the
stuff paper is made of. If any of
our Republican editorial brethren are
buying paper 40 per cent cheaper
than they could buy it two years ago
we would like to hear from them. If
there are any whose paper bills are
even 10 per cent less than they were
two years ago will they kindly “put
us wise” as to where they buy it? —
The Advocate.
A WOMAN’S WORK.
Could anything be a better illustra
tion of the way women do their
work, as compared with the way men
do theirs, than to look over a village
of say, a thousand families, on Mon
day? In a thousand little kitchens*
a. thousand women would be seen
thrusting wood into a thousand little
cook stoves, heating a thousand little
wash boilers, bending their backs
over a thousand little washboards,
and hanging their clothes on a thou
sand little clothes lines. If, by some
singular social revolution, the men of
such a village were to undertake to
do the work, their first step would be
to get up a stock company, invest
capital in building and machinery, so
organize the work that about a half
dozen men would do the work for the
whole town, receive good salaries
therefor, and the rest of the men
would go about their own business
on Monday just as on any other day.
—Dodson Times.
FORCED DRAUGHT REALISM.
“How is it that Scribbler’s novels
thrill with such vital, gripping, real
istic portrayal of human passions?”
asked Danks.
“Well,” said Hanks, “when he
gets ready to write a novel, he orders
a general house-cleaning, sends for the
plumber to fix the gas jets, and for
the tinner to fix the stove pipes, bids
his little daughter to stay at home to
practice five-finger exercises, hires a
street piano to play German, Irish,
and Italian national airs in front of
the house, and tells his wife that her
Jeffersonian
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form-
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- £1
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and ■u'l
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the | <1 ■ IrrjLSf
treatment so many are looking for. what they should have and If -4 g j
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It ,w- jr ar Iwpmefl
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you HU »A | IM ■ qSJSH
have had your trouble.Vitaline will easily over- J| IB II m\
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.” W,
HtRVOUS WUKHtSS,
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of / and four cents postage stamps
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor —— |he bot » le v OU — that's
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. aII "u h.V. to do U recZhfc . dollar I
STOMACH TROUBLES- s^^ la LoB 1 9 bottle of Vitaline tablets. We want ■
HEART WtHHSS-fygfr I
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or so, which we abide by— that s the I
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. Vitaline tablets acton the Vita- I
ftavAßßu Hawking,Spitting, Nose Running Watery Organs that generate the vital warmth I
HA I Annn— or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, A and the nerve force which makes one ■
Sneezing,Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains g. feel strong, vigorous and healthy, ■
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may v| * equal to a) I the duties and pleasures of I
be Catarrh! robust strength and lite. They give you ■
BLOOD.T»OUBUMa°„.^‘.'. SSSSW I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, matter theie was anything tne ■
Loss of Flesh and Strength. matter.
Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under I
U s p ure F OO d an d Drugs Act—Serial ■
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co.. Dept. 81, 152 Lake St., No. oil have never had any thing ■
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once like them, combining their wonderful I
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets * healing and strengthening power,
on trial, and If it proves satisfactory I will send you We send yon our beautifully illustra- I
SI.OO, otherwise I Will pay you nothing. ted book, "Vitality”—you have never ■
seen one like it. Our testimonials from ■
w a, people cured after ten to forty years of ■
■Name ; * doctoring will convince you of all we ■
claim for Vitaline.
Addreaa ——
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, I will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
COMPLIMENTS OF-
TOM WATSON IFWBhHI Zl
THEJEFFERSONI AMS
This is the knife which the Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for one new subscriber
to the magazine or the weekly. It’s a beauty.
family is not as good as his own.
Then he sits and takes notes of what
happens. ’ ’ —Brooklyn Life.
A POSSIBLE REASON.
Magistrate (to cergyman, sum
moned for exceeding speed limit) —■
“Well, you say you were only going
at eighteen miles an hour,* and the
constable still declraes you were
travelling at thirty. Now, I don’t
like to doubt either of you. Can you
think why he declares you were going
at that rate? Is there any grudge he
owes you?”
Clergyman—“No, I can’t think of
anything—unless, perhaps, it is that I
married him three years ago.”—Lon
don Opinion.
RENEW AT ONCE
To the Weekly or the Magazine,
and get one of our handsome knives,
containing a photograph of Thos. E.
Watson, free.
>• Here is a
Money Maker
for every
TOBACCO. CABBAGE, TOMATO
'Kf AND SWEET POTATO GROWER
j|> „ Masters
Ijp’y Plant Setter
eMHLsItf takes away all the tedious work of
MHHMy netting out a field of plants. This
U9SI ■Of Setter is a great labor saver, a crop
producer and a drought breaker. Is
worth TEN TIMES its cost to every
I farmer and grower in the U. S.
Send us your name and address
a and we wlll y° u about it and
' fcL J what It will do, price, etc.
MMF COUNTY AGENTS WANTED
Hr MASTERS PLANTER CO.
Hr 178 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
SSTSi This ELEGANT Watch $312
cfNT9 Hunting cm, beautifully engraved, gold finished through-
out $ "WE out,thin model, item wind and etom eet, fitted with a rich.
L**J- ly jeweled movemen , guaranteed2oyoar«,with long
gold plated chain for ladle, or veet chain for genie.
" wSI IF YOU SEE ,T You W,LL BUY ,T
I,rt u> Bead 11 fi' b T exprere for your examl
nation and If you think It a bargain and equal In
appearance to any *15.00 gold filled watch pay the
MgK>MaS[|M<CTpßSy expreee agent our .neo l al aamplo price *3.50 and
expree, chargee and it is your,. our2oyear guaran-
t,e an 4 chain sent with each watch. Bend your name
poit "«»« “d expreee office addreM.mention if you
wish Gent, or Ladle, eiae and we will tend at one*.
*MbOVPj|.C.FARBEH, A22,225 Dearbornßtlbleago.Hl.
VETERINARY COURSE AT HOME.
tlOfifi year and u P wards can be made taking onr Veter-
VUUU inaiy Course at home during spare time; taught
in simplest English; Diploma granted, positions obtained
for successful students; cost within reach of all; satisfac
tion guaranteed; particulars free. Ontario Veterln*
arv Correspondence School, London, Cua*