PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
For several weeks past the city of Philadel
phia has been upset on account of a strike by
the street railway employees,
Philadel
phia Reaps
What It
Sowed.
ble arbitrament, other labor
unions threatened to go on a “sympathetic
strike.” The effort failing, the threat has
been carried into effect, and over one hundred
thousand laboring men quietly walked out to
give their moral support to their brethren of
the car service.
The result of all this is impossible to pre
dict. Ultimately, the cars will run, of course,
and, aside from a considerable inconvenience,
the strike will probably result as all other
strikes have done, —in any - _
7 «7
amount of suffering on the
part of the class least able to
bear it, and perhaps a per
ceptible gain to labor, as a
whole, in that section.
There is always a “bunch
of Mutts” who can theorize
profoundly upon labor trou
bles, and shake fat. solemn
heads over labor’s hotheaded
ness, and the wrong a strike
does to the “innocent third
party”. But right here a brief
review of the history of this
particular difficulty may not
be amiss. Last summer a
strike was aborted in the
streets of that same “innocent
third party” by the promise
of the employer to make the
desired concessions. The “in
nocent third party” proceeded
to do as it generally does. —
to elect the most corrupt ele
ment it could to fill the city
offices last fall, the street car
companies showed plainly
that they intended to make
none of the promised conces
sions, and the recent strike
was called. Also, there was
“nothing to arbitrate”, as per
usual.
There is no such thing in
these days of complicated civ
ilization as an “innocent third
party”, after all. To each
Z*9- 9 » * z-v -w -I ~1- _ 1 _ 1 1
mature individual comes the
responsibility of decision, and direction
of energy to some definite end, and, as of
old, "Ye who be not for us, are against.”
When the public, representing a conglomerate
of selfishness and lack of civic responsibility,
rocks along in its apathy, it is against the ef
forts of those who would improve conditions
for all humanity. When a public says to La
bor, “fight your own battles, don’t call upon
me for the peaceful aid I could render in
your cause,” it has no right to raise a howl if,
in the inevitable conflict, it gets hurt. It ought
to be hurt considerably more, until it sits up
and takes notice of the wrongs that are borne
patiently, until patience ceases to be a virtue.
Labor makes mistakes, but it has no monop
oly upon errors. And Labor AL IFA YS suffers
for its mistakes, which is more than the selfish
interests are ever required to do, it appears.
It is the most idle talk in the world to sup
pose that laws compelling “arbitration” can
Lesson of
the Strike.
interests are willing enough
to discuss the minor issues peaceably. When
arbitration becomes a crying demand of Capi-
*7 . ~ “X J ''J
and the usual riotings, with a
number of regrettable casual
ties, have blackened the record.
In an effort to force arnica-
ever be practical.
So long as no arbitration is
really necessary, conflicting
0L L JUUL Hsu UUJ ULL/aaa LULIu 0W&-
~l=.- y.
./ >
|I|H I ™
xWI; 7
/< \W Jr IIP ./J /
The Congressmen who put on Georgia the Payne=Aldrich Tariff Bill
—Ft. Gaines (Ga.) Blade and Bludgeon.
Gbe 3effersonian
By TOM DOLAN
tai, Labor and the Public, there is too much
tension for it to be depended upon. No en
terprise can be forced, by arbitration, to run
at a loss; and no wage-earners, through arbi
tration, are going to refuse to demand their
just share of the profits they have helped to
earn. Laws may be made, making either side
go to jail, if they won’t “arbitrate,” but when
that is an alternative, men will fight first and
go to jail afterwards. “As well to be killed
for a sheep as a lamb.”
* * * *
Labor troubles are going to increase, not be
cause Labor is rambunctious, but because it is
organized and has some resisting power. When
Monopoly destroys the purchasing power of a
dollar, and the same wages will not buy half
the commodities they formerly did, Labor’s
demand will naturally be for an increase of
wages. It would be infinitely better if it de
manded abolition of the Special Privileges
which have caused such condition of affairs
to exist, but indirect taxation is insidious, un
derlying causes are not clearly understood,
and sporadic disorder and miniature revolu
tions in various industries will occur until a
concentrated effort is made to throw off the
yoke which crushes equally the street-car men
of Philadelphia, the clerks and artisans of all
cities, the farmers of the South and West, and
all the nine per cent, of the ninety millions
who must suffer that the one per cent, enjoy.
It’s the same cause, and the same remedy
would put each business on a basis where spe
cial differences could and would be adjusted.
* * * *
Labor ought to quit fighting the strike
breakers, and turn its attention otherwise.
Tlie men who take jobs need the money, or
they wouldn’t be there. They are pawns in a
pitiful game. It would be so much easier to
put a car or an engine out of business, than
to mob the poor wretches who try to run them
when the regular employee leaves. Beating
up a strike-breaker, killing a poor policeman
who leaves his family destitute, hurting fool-
ish boys- attracted by the love of riot never
gains anything. It is a good plan to spike the
enemy’s guns. Then, while he is unspiking
them, he will be more apt to consider the
original issues.
Washington, March 2.—John D. Rockefeller is
planning to found the greatest donation trust in
the world. He who has formed the
A Trust
to Give
Away a
Billion.
ate recently by Senator Gallinger
to incorporate the Rockefeller Foundation. The
proposed organization will have its headquarters
in Washington. The bill of Senator Gallinger was
referred to the Senate District Committee and
will almost certainly be reported favorably.
The incorporators named in the bill are John
D. Rockefeller, John D. Rocke-
National charter worse should
be said, if worse could be expressed.
The Standard Oil Trust is now arraigned
before the highest bar in our land to answer
for its CRIMES. And its promoters are in
no better position than any other law-break
ers, whose guilt has been passed upon, and
who but wait the final decision of the highest
court, appeal to which was possible because
of the money that could hire corrupt lawyers
to take it there.
And THIS ill-gotten money demands a
Federal Charter! What right has the Senate
or Congress to grant a charter to a private
concern to carry on private enterprises? And
by what process of reasoning do they suppose
the States which have been prostituted by the
Standard Oil will submit to seeing Standard
Oil magnates given leave, under whatever ti
tle, to do business in disregard of State au
thority ?
The Federal Government has no business
to grant charters! If it can grant Rocke
feller a charter to pursue his own pleasure
anywhere in any State, it has the right to
grant to any private concern a charter to do
business anywhere. And if that comes to
pass, if Federal licenses are granted, there
greatest corporation to make money
now seeks from the Government a
charter to form the greatest cor
poration to give it away.
A bill was introduced in the Sen-
feller, Jr., Frederick T. Gates,
Starr J. Murphy and Charles O.
Heydt. Others may be asso
ciated with them.
While the purpose of the in
corporation of the Rockefeller
Foundation is not announced, it
is known that it is intended to
be a medium through which Mr.
Rockefeller will spend millions
in the cause of charity, for edu
cation and for various move
ments to aid good causes and
the progress of humanity.
Mr. Rockefeller was the prime
mover in establishing the Gen
eral Education Board, which is
incorporated by act of Congress
in the District of Columbia.
Senator Gallinger, when asked
about the object of the bill, said:
“I am not authorized to speak
for Mr. Rockefeller. But there
is no doubt that he proposes to
spend his millions. He has al
ready spent $52,000,000 through
the General Education Board. I
have no doubt that Mr. Rocke
feller intends to give away his
money on a scale greater than
any other living man. I am not
acquainted with all of the de
tails of Mr. Rockefeller’s plan,
but it is expected that Washing
ton will be made the headquar
ters.” —Special dispatch to the
Baltimore Sun.
Os Rockefeller and his ac
quirement of millions, enough
has been said to exhaust the
vocabulary of contempt. But
of a Senate or Congress
which would consider giving
the diabolical old villain a