PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tb>mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - few MX
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttrtd at Pisttfitt, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQO7, at uttnd
tian mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 16, 1908
Immensely Tunny,
I am now fifty-one years old, going
on fifty-two, and I’ve seen lots of funny
things in my time, but I’ve never seen
anything funnier, in its way, than the
present gubernatorial mix-up in Georgia.
If Hoke Smith had any sense of hu
mor—which he hasn’t, —he would look at
himself in the mirror, and die laughing.
There he was, in 1906, with the big
gest majority, by counties and by actual
vote, that any candidate for Governor
could possibly want. All that he had to
do was to sit steady in the boat, and keep
what he had. Simple common sense and
steadfast loyalty to friends and pledges,
were all that were necessary to make
Hoke Smith the dominant figure in South
ern politics. With the most unaccounta
ble infatuation, the Governor and his or
gan, the Journal, began to draw away
from their allies, immediately after the
election, and to court the leaders of the
opposition. As if the work of reform
completed itself with his election, the
Governor went off to Europe with Gunby
Jordan, the manufacturer, to study con
ditions abroad, with a view to systema
tizing European immigration. The Old
Gang was left in sweet repose to organ
ize the Legislature according to its own
notions. The result was that by the
time Jack Slaton had allowed Joe Hill
Hall to kill as much time as he liked
fighting the Prohibition bill—which Gov
ernor Smith did not want —there was no
time left to pass the measures which the
Governor did want.
Now, the remedy for this unlooked-for
complication was to call the Legislature
back in extra session, with a plain state
ment of what they were expected to do.
But the Atlanta Journal, also, had to
go to Europe, and when the Journal came
back to the land of the free and the home
of the brave it suddenly made the dis
covery that an extra session would be
“foolish.”
And that settled it.
After the Journal had pronounced the
fatal word “foolish,” there was no use
for further talk. No matter what you
said, there was nothing, doing.
But the Governor, feeling awfully good
and gay every time he thought of his
tremendous victory in T 906, had deter-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
mined to stretch forth his hand and show
his might.
He whirled upon our one-hoss Railroad
Commission, selected his victim and
struck—not Warner Hill, who is known
to have a following,—not Obadiah Stev
ens, who has strong backers in’Tom Hud
son, Dr. Rains, Yeomans and others, —
but Joe Brown, who is known to be
physically small and believed to be with
out friends.
“Little Joe,” as the Governor’s friends
are fond of calling the victim, was pounc
ed upon, incontinentlv and furiously, and
bounced out of his office within three
weeks of the end of his term. Hoke
Smith couldn’t wait three weeks, you see.
Just had to have Little Joe’s scalp, to
hang up as a trophy.
We did not think that Hoke showed
good common sense in this performance,
and we said so at the time. We could
not understand the mental process by
which the Governor came to the conclu
sion that a Commission of three could
be purified by the ousting of one; nor
could we understand why the Governor
bounced Joe Brown and left Obe Stev
ens roosting serenely on the roof of the
public crib.
But the fun of the thing came along
later. Little Joe quietly went home to
Marietta, and Hoke bulked majestically
before the American world, as a trium
phant popular hero who might be Vice-
President ; who would be Senator if he
chose to take the place; and who, as a
matter of course, could remain Gov
ernor by merely nodding his star-striking
head and letting it be known that he
would kindly accept the place.
That was just a few weeks ago,—and
now what do we see ?
Really, we have to rub our eyes and
shake ourselves good and hard to become
convinced that we are not in a dream.
Can this be the majestic Hoke that is
tearing around the State again, pleading,
expostulating, explaining, defending, de
nying, promising,—doing all the stunts
of the anxious candidate for re-election?
Can it be the all-conquering Hoke that
jumps out of bed and hurries away to
a laboring men’s night meeting, in his
home town, to defend his administration,
explain his failures, and to draw rosy pic
tures of what he means to do in the fu
ture?
Alas, it’s Hoke. According to the news
papers, he made two speeches in one day
in Waycross!!!
Heavens! What bad shape that splen
did town must be in when Hoke has to
wrestle with it twice in one day.
In the meantime, Hoke’s journalistic
champions continue to predict that he
will carry every county in the state. They
say that Little Joe amounts to nothing.
A braver set of friends than Hoke has
in the editorial rooms I never have seen,
and yet Hoke himself is making motions
like a man who is scared half to death.
Laughable, isn’t it?
Who it is that runs the state while the
Governor is out of his office we don’t
know. Apparently, state affairs don’t
need much of the Governor’s time. At all
events, they are not getting much of it.
If Little Joe is such a negligible quan
tity, why can’t our Governor stay at his
post of duty, and make his statements
to the public through the newspapers?
Is he afraid of Little Joe in a pen de
bate?
It looks a leetle that way.
For a man who was sure that he could
have the Senatorship for the asking, Hoke
is certainly behaving queerly. A lump
of grease on a hot frying pan is a picture
of rest, compared to our Governor. Never
did I see a man who was so certain that
his antagonist amounted to nothing act
so much like a man who had seen some
thing that he didn’t expect, and didn’t
like the looks of.
« M H
The Unemployed.
Mr. Robert Hunter, and other New
York philanthropists, have collected some
statistics on the subject of the unem
ployed. These doctrinaires allege that
there are 3,160,000 men and women who
are idle.
We do not deny there may be, in these
United States, that number of people who
are not at work. We rather think the
estimate is low enough. But when Mr.
Robert Hunter, or any other man, says
that these people could not get work if
they applied at the right places, we enter
a most emphatic denial.
As long as Mr. Hunter and other im
practical philanthropists encourage the
unemployed to remain in New York and
other centers of population, there will be
more men than jobs in those cities. But
if Mr. Hunter would devote some of the
Phelps-Stokes millions to the task of
draining off the surplus labor of the big
cities and conducting it to the Western
farms which need it, to the Southern
farms which need it, to the vacant lands
of Texas, of Louisiana, of Georgia, of
Florida —there would not be in New
York, or any other city, a man or a
woman willing to work who could not get
a job at fair wages.
In Mr. Hunter’s table of statistics he
has the State of Georgia put down, along
with the rest, and he enters up the num
ber of her unemployed at 27,000.
What does Robert Hunter know about
industrial conditions in Georgia? From
what source did he derive the informa
tion that Georgia has 27,000 men and
women who are idle because there is no
work for them to do?
I will not deny that we may have
27,000 people who a e not at work.
In fact, I consider the figures en
tirely too modest. But those men and
women of Georgia who are not at work
belong to the “born-tired” sort, and they
are idle for the reason that they won’t
work.
Some of the best land in our state is
lying out of cultivation for lack of ten
ants, croppers, laborers. I know this to
be a fact throughout East Georgia; and
my information is that a similar condi
tion of things exists in other portions pf