centage of professional prostitutes that we have
in this country?
In China, have they anything like as many
little girls bound down to child slavery, which
is almost certain to end in the physical and
moral wreck of the victims?
(5) “He bids us preach his gospel to all
nations/’
Just so. Thank you, Brother Pruitt, for com
ing over to the Lord’s side in that flat-footed
manner. The Jeffersonian has been contend
ing for that, all along. “He bids us preach
his gospel.”
Isn't that just what we claim?
Christ did not tell us to go to heathen lands
and establish Theological Seminaries, free hos
pitals, a supply commissary, and an elaborate
system of free education.
No! no!! “He bids us preach his gospel.”
Thank you, Brother Pruitt.
Fraternally and affectionally yours,
The Jeffersonian.
* H
The Last of the Geo. Bell Case.
After being at large for a month, George
Bell, who had for about three years been held
in the State Sanitarium, at Milledgeville, com
mitted suicide.
Certain editors have moralized upon this
subject, and have censured those who were in
strumental in bringing about the unfortunate
man's release. >
The Jeffersonian took a hand in the fight for
Bell's liberty, and it has no inclination to
shirk the responsibility.
The man had been tried, in his absence, and
adjudged a lunatic. This was a violation of
law which deserved rebuke upon general prin
ciples. It concerns every citizen to see to it
that nobody is deprived of his life, or his lib
erty, or his property without due process of
law.
If George Bell had been on trial for a crime,
no matter how light the prospective punish
ment, his presence at every stage of the case
would have been absolutely necessary. He
might have been present at the hearing of all
the evidence, might have heard every argu
ment and the charge of the court, but had the
jury been allowed to announce the verdict,
while he was absent from the courtroom, the
whole trial would have been void.
So jealously do Anglo-Saxon institutions
guard the sacred right of personal liberty!
In the Bell case, it was admitted that he had
been tried and convicted of Lunacy, in his ab
sence, and deprived of his liberty by sentence
of court and jury. This being so, his detention
in the Sanitarium was without authority of
- law.
What the Jeffersonian contended for was
that Bell was entitled to a fair hearing:
(1) On the legality of his commitment.
(2) On his sanity at the time of the hearing.
It was, perhaps, mainly due to the advice of
Mr. Watson that the case was brought before
Judge FI. G. Lewis on a Writ of Habeas Cor
pus. That upright and able jurist heard both
sides, patiently and at length. Upon the mer
its, he held the dentention of Bell to be illegal.
The facts admitted of no other decision.
As to what happened afterward, we are not
fully informed. Bell’s conduct and conversa
tion were those of a sane man, for some time
following his release. His father, his brother
and his sisters were convinced of his perfect re
storation to mental health. It was a happy
family, reunited, which returned from the hear
ing at Greensboro, showering thanks upon all
who had helped the prisoner to regain free
dom.
Then came news of the divorce suit filed by
his wife; and rumors of a prolonged spree 10
Atlanta; and then the suicide,
ISfce Jeffersonian
Is every person who puts an end to his life
insane within the meaning of the law? Or, is
suicide the result of that sudden and irresisti
ble impulse which even the normal mind can
not withstand?
A rich society woman, Mrs. Pierre Lorillard,
Jr., killed herself at about the same time
George Bell rang down the curtain, —but who
that saw and heard her at the brilliant society
function, which she had just left, would have
testified that she was a lunatic?
J Lawrence Boyle, the Philadelphia editor,
blew his brains out, not long before the pass
ing of Bell, —but he had given no signs of being
insane.
At nearly the same time, Aquilla Chase, a
veteran of the Union Army, put an end to his
life in New York, because he could not get a
place to work for a living: but his conduct
had shown no mental derangement prior to
his suicide.
No one can dogmatize on matters of this
kind. Who can tell what might have occurred
had Bell been kept at Milledgeville? Evi
dently, he was growing desperate because of
his unlawful punishment; and it is a wise man,
indeed, who can say that something far more
terrible might have happened had he not been
released.
As it was, he harmed no one but himself.
Remember that, and be charitable.
In his prison, he could look forward to noth
ing but years of wretchedness, ending perhaps
in madness. A burden to others, and without
joy in himself, he would have beat the bars,
year in and year out, dragging an ever length
ening chain of despair.
The Law released him: he breathed again
the glad air of freedom and was happy in it;
for a few days he exulted in Jiis liberty,—for
a few days found life worth living. Then
some sort of reaction took place, some unbear
able trouble took possession, some necessary
support gave way, —and the end came.
No blame can attach to those who said,
“For the sake of EVERYBODY, we must see
to it that NOBODY is deprived of his liberty,
without due process of law.”
H H
Peter and the Cock-Crolving.
In the King James translation of the Bible,
we are told that when Simon Peter was so
loud and emphatic in his professions of a read
iness to die for his Lord, our Saviour turned
upon him and rebuked him, saying that the
cock should not crow before Peter had thrice
denied his Master.
The narrative then proceeds to show how
the prediction was verified.
A few years ago, one of the finest European
scholars brought out a translation of the New
Testament in modern English. It is a most
interesting work, and throws much light on
passages which were, on account of the early
translators, left in some doubt.
For instance, the verses referring to Peter
and his three denials is thus rendered,
“Will you lay down your life for me”? re
plied Jesus. “I tell you most assuredly that
the bugle will not sound, until you have thrice
denied me.”
Ferrar Fenton, M. R. A. S., M. C. A. A.,
the learned translator from whom the above
quotation is taken, tells us that the Roman
bugle was called in Latin Gallus, the cock, or
crower. When Christ spoke of the three de
nials which Peter would make before the cock
crew, he meant, THE ARMY BUGLE SIG
NALING THE RELIEF OF THE GUARD.
This is not very important, but it is cer
tainly interesting. What say our learned the
ologians? Is it right to say that Peter denied
his Lord thrice before the bugle blew for the
regular relief of the Roman Guard, or must we
stand by the King James version?
Succulent 'Banking.
One of our Utah subscribers encloses a state
ment made by “The Bank of St. George,”
(Washington County, Utah,) on the 21st day
of December, 1908.
Here are the figures:
RESOURCES.
Loans and Discounts $51,753.90
Overdrafts 81.87
Bonds, Stocks, Cert., etc 36,005.00
Furniture and Fixtures 1,154.11
Due from State Banks and Bankers 31,730.47
Cash on hand 2,611.92
Current Expenses and Taxes Paid 1,510.33
Total, $124,847.60
LIABILITIES.
Capital Stock paid in $12,000.00
Surplus Fund 4,000.00
Undivided Profits 4,016.47
Individual Deposits 65,131.11
Savings Dep. Int. @ 4 per cent 39,598.02
Cashier’s Checks 102.00
Total, $124,847.60
The foregoing is as simple as A. B. C., and
is prettier than new shoes. The statement
shows that the gentlemen who operate The
Bank of St. George invested no more than
twelve thousand dollars of their own money
to start and maintain the bank. Confiding out
siders came across with their money to the
extent of $65,131.11, plus $39,598.02. The men
inside the bank put up $12,000; the men out
side the bank put up $104.729.13!!!
The outsiders get four per cent interest on
$39,598.02 of the deposits. That amounts to
$1,583.92 per year. It does not appear that
any interest is paid for the use of the “Individ
ual deposits,” $65,131.11.
Therefore, the bank gets the use of more
than one hundred thousand dollars by paying
a little over fifteen hundred dollars.
The net earnings of the bank are $4,000 of
Surplus Fund, $4,016.47 Undivided profits.
It will be noticed that the men inside draw
interest on loans to the aggregate of $5L753-90,
although only $12,000 of their own cash could
possibly be available for loans.
The sum of eight thousand dollars stands
as clear gain on the investment of twelve thou
sand dollars, over and above taxes, furniture
and fixtures, and expense of management.
The joker in the banking business is that
the banker never gets rich by using his own
capital. The untutored public furnishes the
cash, and the banker pockets the profits.
The Bank of St. George has our best wishes,
•I * *
Knocks Us About Socialism.
Chalk Mountain, Tex., Mar. 18, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E Watson.
Dear Sir and Brother: I have been reading the
Jeffersonian two years; read the magazine most
of the time.
I helped put out Watson electors at Fort Worth,
August 11, and also helped to vote down, or rather
table, the motion of some of the Pops to go to the
Independent Hearst party. There were twenty-two
who voted, although the Fort Worth papers gave
the number present as only fifteen.
Now, Mr. Watson, I have read your writings and
the Missouri World on Populism, and I have also
studied Socialism some. I think you make a mis
take, when you say, in the Jeffersonian: “The So
cialists are headed for a bloody revolution and a
reign of elemental chaos.” I think you mistake them.
I don’t think you can substantiate that statement,
however sincere you may be.
Do not all Socialist writers of prominence advocate
the ballot and not the bullet?
If you will examine Encyclopedia Britannica, I
think you will find the origin, meaning and mis
sion of Socialism similar to that of Populism. I
do not think there is anything to be gained by one
fighting the other, for you are both fighting one com
mon enemy. The fundamental principles are identi
cal, almost. If there are minor differences, should
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE