PAGE FOURTEEN
THE ISSUE
EX GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge or writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present- time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAYE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sur«
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 months $1.50
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 months 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 months 1.00
Total $3.50
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
NO SURGEON’S KNIFE
@ Necessary to cure PILES, FISTULA or other REC
TAL DISEASES. Have made a specialty of curing
these diseases for many years. Permanent cures
entirely without the KNIFE ; no pain or detention
from business. If you are suffering, come and see me
or write to me. Pelvic conditions of both sexes
cured. parlors for ladies.
NO FEE PAID UNTIL SATISFIED
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 411 Whitehall Street/Atlanta, Georgia
4* - » ■ nr-r-1 ■ ■ ■ •• ■
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
XVXXXuXjXSXJG-XSXTXXjXjiX:, GrEORGrIA
We will discount by ten per cent, any better rates offered than ours,
d? - ~ Our school is open day and night. Write for our new catalogue.
LOU buys my penmanship guide. R. U. BOND. Principal.
3effersonlnn
Under the Vine and Fig Tree
in the half-cropper’s place and see
their little children take the same
treatment. His children are just as
dear and tender as theirs. If asked
to take the same treatment they
would be highly insulted. The half
•ropper has made their wealth, borne
their burdens and is their neighbor,
and they are due it to him, to hu
manity, to themselves and their God
to give him justice.
With the wealth and influence of
the county towns on the side of the
half-cropper, our representatives
could see their way clear to pass
legislative bills for the improvement
of the country schools with the same
ease they can the town school. Our
lawyers could construe little techni
calities in law to accommodate the
country people with the same ease he
can the town people.
At first they may lose some cotton,
trade and pupils, but don’t take it to
heart, just take a spin in your auto
over the beautiful roads, see the
bright smiles of the half-cropper and
his family, the fat horses, cows and
hogs and the fields burdened with the
fruits of his labor, instead of .the dis
satisfied, miserable family and the
rundown, rented-out farms as they
are now.
Money can not satisfy the heart.
No doubt they feel an aching void
which they think more trade, more
money, more cotton, or more power
will fill, but “Do unto others as you
would have them do unto you” gives
the best relief.
If we could get good country
schools, industrial and practical
schools, with one rule, “Do right,”
and a republican government, in a
short while our farms would be tilled
by educated men, who by scientific
methods would increase the yield a
hundredfold. The happy, contented
farmers, renters and half-croppers
would not go to town.
The poisonous seed of Socialism
could find no suitable ground to ger
minate in such homes as these. The
town warehouses could not hold the
cotton, for every acre planted would
yield two or three bales. The town
stores would sell by the wholesale
for cash, and your town school would
become a college to accommodate the
immense overflow from the country
schools. By building up the country
the town can be built, but never by
the present plan. Now our farmers
move to town. Their children never
return to the country. The old home
awakens no sweet memories, the
house is dilapidated, fences down,
the gate hangs by one hinge, weeds
abound and the land is in gullies.
It has become the prevailing am
bition of our farmers to get able
to move to town. The half-cropper,
renter and laborer are left behind,
miserable, discontented and with a
poor school, or no school, because the
center of the district is just over the
mountain in the next valley and no
one lives there. So he sells his lit
tle home and hies away to the cot
ton mill only to find disease, worse
poverty and death, in most instances.
In such homes and hearts will be
found a fruitful soil for the germina
tion of Socialism, which will bear the
same fruit in the United States that
it is bearing in Europe now. If no
(Concluded from Page 2)
fear is felt, just read the news from
foreign lands and the Socialist litera
ture abroad in our land, and our
doom will be seen in the handwriting
on the wall.
If our country editors would write
an editorial occasionally in which
they could point out a few advantages
to be gained by a farmer living on
his farm, building up his land, beau
tifying his home and helping his half
cropper neighbor build up a good
school and community, he might in
crease the circulation of his paper
and turn the tide from town.
If our big preachers would go out
in the highways and hedges, among
the poor and ignorant, they would
find a China nearer home that would
return a greater dividend for help
given than in the China they know.
President Taft is touring the capi
tal cities of the West to see what the
wealthy and influential citizens wish.
If our Secretary of Agriculture,
James Wilson, will tour the coun
ties, talk to the half-cropper, visit
his,schools and put a fourth grade
test on the blackboard for the seventh
grade in our splendid system of
grammar schools of the country, he
will find the main cause of the farm
ers leaving the country.
To the wealthy and influential citi
zens of cities and towns and our law
makers the half-cropper makes his
plea to you for justice. • If you have
a low tax on your fine wool and silk,
he wishes a low tax on his coarse
wool and cotton cloth.
If you tax yourself to provide good
schools for your children, he wishes
the same privilege.
If your schools are put convenient
to your children, he begs that a
school convenient to forty or fifty
pupils be not closed and his children
forced to another school already
crowded, the teachers overworked
and teaching from soon after sunup to
near sundown. Would you send your
children from one and a half, two and
two and a half miles under such cir
cumstances?
He also, wants the same amount
of funds for his child that you draw
for yours. It is unchristian, unpa
triotic, to give him less than you,
with all your w r ealth, draw for your
child.
“Of’t there comes a gentle whisper
’ o’er me stealing
When my burdens and my trials
seem too great,
Like the sweet-voiced bells of even
ing, softly pealing,
It is saying to my spirit “Only
wait,
God is working, God is faithful—
Only wait.”
Crest, Ga.
Cured His
Kidney and Bladder
Trouble At Home, At Small Cost. Will
Gladly Tell Any Su serer How.
Mr. A. S. Hitchcock (Clothing Dealer), 970
Carrier Building, East Hampton, Conn., says
if any sufferer from a Kidney, Bladder or
Uric Acid Ailment will send him their address
he will, without any charge whatsoever, direct
them to the splendid and harmless remedy he
so successfully us?d at home in his own case.
We suggest it would be well to write him at
once, before letters get so nume ous he be
comes unable to answer them all promptly.
The information he so freely gives has proven
of particular value to hundreds of suffering
people.