plunderbund corporations from paying taxes.
Dear Democratic dailies! You “done no
ble’’. You went down in a glorious fight. It
ain’t any fault of yours that Georgia Demo
crats stultified themselves, and brought ridi
cule and contempt upon the Empire State of
Dixie.
You did your part,—didn’t you?
You left no stone unturned, in your honest
efforts to compel the Georgia Senators to keep
faith with the people,—isn’t it so?
Dauntless warriors of the civic strife, step
up and get your crowns of glory !
as®
W/ry Wirz?
The Jeffersonian takes no pleasure in re
viving the bitter memories of the Civil War
period, but when Northern newspapers give
space and prominence to Andersonville
charges, indicting the South for conditions
which she was unable to relieve, we must be
pardoned if we “scratch back” a little.
In the New’ York World, we find the fol
lowing :
Why Wirz ?
To the Editor of The World:
In the issue of The World of June 15 appeared
a letter from Adolphus Ragan, which is a pre
tended answer to the editorial in The World,
“Why Wirz?”
No wonder The World asks that question. I
was an inmate of that hell-hole from June 1 to
October 1, 1864, and think I know something of
the conditions in the prison. The description of
Andersonville by James G. Blaine quoted by Mr.
Ragan is none too strong. Tongue can never tell
and pen can never write a true story of the ter
rible sufferings by our boys in that and other pris
ons of the South.
THE VETERANS’ CORNER
BATTLE OF MONOCACY, OLD
JUBE, GEN. EVANS, AND THE
SONG THE SOLDIERS SANG.
Dear Sir: —We were very much
interested in reading Mr. Todd’s let
ter and your important reply.
I was one of the boys who follow
ed Early, Gordon and Evans in the
Valley campaign. Early never fail
ed to hold his position in Lee’s lines,
but was not the officer to achieve
success with a separate command.
We were at Monocacy when our be
loved Evans, while riding at a rapid
pace from left to right encouraging
his men, was pierced by a minnie
ball and fell from his horse in front
of our company (Co. H, 13th Ga.
Regt.). Our litter bearers were by
his side in an instant and bore him
from the field. His horse ran wild
and dashed through the enemy’s
skirmish lines twice, then back
through the Confederate lines, where
it was caught.
The enemy held a strong position
in a public road, the bed of which
was about three feet below the sur
face, which afforded them almost
complete shelter from our guns. But
Gen. Gordon had unbounded confi
dence in Gen. Evans and his brigade.
He believed that he could crush Gen.
Wallace’s forces aside with his old
brigade; but we had a tough job and,
owing to the enemy’s sheltered posi
tion, we like to have failed. In this
engagement our regiment came in
contact with an elegant mansion,
where we had some trouble in pass
ing around and through the flower
gardens and through hedges. The
writer passed down the middle of a
magnificent carriage drive. When
reaching a little brook that flowed
from a near-by spring on our right,
our ranks were so thin that the few
men lay down by the brook for pro
tection; but the depression was not
sufficient to shield us from the ene
my’s fire, only twenty yards away.
Here is where we thought that our
life depended on our rapid firing, and
in our haste shot away our ramrod;
but we never lost a second. Some of
the readers may say that we were
scared; if they do we will not deny
the charge, since we can’t remember
all the little incidents which occurred
so far back. Our comrade, G. W.
Stinson, of La Grange, was shot and
instantly killed, as was many others
alongside the little brook. We finish
ed the fight with our comrade’s gun
stick, which lay by our side. When
the reinforcements came into view
the enemy fled. This little brook,
where it flowed into the Monocracy a
half-mile away, was red with Georgia
blood.
After Gen. Early’s defeat at Win
chester, September 19th, and later at
Cedar Creek, some waggish soldier
composed a song which was sung by
the privates during the remainder of
the Valley campaign. We can only
recall a line or two. Part of Gen.
Lee’s verse was:
“Old Gen. Lee, he’s alright,
He will fight them Yankees day and
night."
We can’t recall a word of Long
street’s, D. H. and A. P. Hill’s verses,
but here is a part of Early’s:
“Old Jubal Early is playing out
And the Valley girls gone up the
spout.’’
3effersoiUan
Now let me ask why erect the monument at
Andersonville almost at the feet of the 13,727
dead who lie buried there? If they w r ere bound
to erect the monument is should have been erect
ed in his native town or in Richmond. I under
stand the authorities of the latter place refused
to entertain the project.
SYLVESTER O. LORD,
Late Corporal Co. D, 11th Conn. Vols.
Southington, Conn., July 28.
We might say much byway of reply to
this, specifying as the cause for Anderson
ville horrors the exhaustion of Southern re
sources, the refusal of the North to exchange
prisoners, the making of medicine contraband
of war; and we might dwell upon the statis
tics which prove that the percentage of mor
tality was greatest in the Northern prisons.
But since Corporal Sylvester, O Lord! has
gone upon the witness stand to relate his ac
tual experience in the Andersonville hell-hole,
the Jeffersonian will introduce a witness for
the other side. Thomas 11. Timmons, now
resides in Thomson, Ga. He is a minister of
the Gospel, a Methodist by faith, a gentle
man who is esteemed by all who know him.
He was Lieutenant in Company C, 56th
Georgia Regiment (Volunteers), Cummings’
Brigade. He was captured on the line of
battle, at Baker's Creek, in Mississippi, May
16, 1863, and landed at Fort Delaware, as a
prisoner, about the first of June, 1863.
“When I first arrived at that horrible place,”
said Mr. Timmons, “and looked upon the atten
uated forms and hollow eyes of the men who had
been there for several months, my heart sank
within me. The prisoners were poorly quartered,
—jammed in like cattle or hogs. The guards
seemed to have been selected for their supercil
iousness, and they appeared to be afraid of the
unarmed Confederates, although every man of us
manifested his Southern chivalrous spirit, and
This was sung along the Valley
pike in the day and around the camp
kettles at night. Perhaps some old
survivor of the Valley campaign
might reproduce this old poem.
We were in less than ten paces of
Gen Evans when he was shot out of
his saddle, saw him fall forward with
his face on left side of his horse’s
neck, caught its mane in his right
hand, lifted his right foot from the
stirrup and fell to the ground with a
heavy thud.
E. N. KING, Private.
Company H, 13th Ga. Regt.
Hatcher Station, Ga.
Don’t forget our post-card offer.
The Jeffersonian and Up-to-Date
Farming for 3 months, and 15 beau
tiful, four-colored gold-back post
cards, all for 30 cents.
A KINDLY WORD OR TWO.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: —Please find en
closed stamps, for which send the
weekly Jeffersonian, for one year, to
Rev. T. G. Layton, Bremen, Ga., a
good, old-time Baptist minister. Mr.
Layton has just read your article,
“What We Missionaries Concealed,’’
reproduced in our paper, The Bremen
Gateway, this week. He is in sym
pathy with you in your efforts to tell
the people the true state of affairs in
regard to Foreign Missions, and you
have a warm friend in him.
Yours very truly,
C. F. DODSON,
Editor The Gateway.
Bremen, Ga., July 22, 1909.
When writing to advertisers, al
ways mention The Jeffersonian.
showed no disposition to disobey even the most
rigid orders of the officers in command. The
great guns from the fort were pointed to the
prison, and frowned down upon us incessantly.
It was said that, had there been any demonstra
tion or unusual excitement among the prisoners,
the heavy guns would have been turned loose
upon these helpless men, sweeping them from the
face of the earth.
“We were not only poorly quartered, but poor
ly fed; had but little medical attention, and in
most instances none at all. The privies were
built over the bay, some distance from the shore,
and a passage or bridge extended out to these
houses, where men were going and coming from
dawn till dark and from dark till dawn. The
water for culinary purposes was dipped out from
a point near the closets and carried to the long
mess-hall, where the cooking was done. I have
seen the cooks, with their ladles, skim off the al
vine matter and throw it out. Such things have
happened before, as shown if you read 11. Kings,
chapter 18, verse 27; or Isaiah, chapter 36,
verse 12.
“Our food consisted of poor beef, or bulk meat,
and beans, and was made into a kind of soup,
which we called ‘slop’.
“There was scarcely a well man among us.
The sickness was diarrhea and dysentery, and the
death rate was appalling. I don’t know just
what it was, but it was appalling. There were
about 4,000 or 5,000 prisoners, and I was told
that there were thirty deaths a day.
“The sufferings of these men in this death-hole
can never be told. I was in fine health when I
first arrived at the fort, but soon contracted the
disease that wa| proving so fatal. When almost
in despair, orders came one morning to parole
1,500 men on the north side of the enclosure.
They were to be released in alphabetical order,
according to date of capture, and as my name
began with a ‘T’ I had but little hope of being
reached by the officer. However, my name w T as
called, and the next day we were placed aboard
the steamer ‘Daniel Webster’ and sent through to
City Point, on James River. When I found my
self on Dixie’s soil, I was more joyous than ever
I was after a b/oody and victorious battle.”
PUZZLE POST CARDS
a If you will send me 10
Sfi § 1 cents for a 3 months’
■■ Ula la subscription to my large
v 5 ? paper, The Farmers
® ■®-«ai®a voice, I will make you
a present of this novel
set of 10 puzzle post cards. You
simply write a message on the face
of the card, then, tear it along the
guide lines and send it to your
friends who will nearly puzzle their
heads off trying to put the cards to
gether. for only by doing this can
they read your message. The views
on the cards are beautiful in the ex
treme. but are rendered still more
attractive to the person who tries to
put the card together because of
your message written -thereon. I
have a surprise for everyone that
will send me a 3 months’ subscrip
tion. Don’t delay—write today.
GARRETT WALL, Vice-President
The Farmers Voice
Dept. S7 Chicago. 111.
WANTED—A White Man
To a sober, industrious, honest -white
man, with references, who wants to
live on a farm and have something, I
will give, free of rent for four years,
all the land he will fence, clear and
•work, and 8 or 10 acres cleared for one
year. Will furnish horse, 4-roomed
house and land for garden. Feed,
clothes, seed, tools, etc., to be paid out
of crop. Will also give a few chickens
and a pig. J. S. PEARSON, R. F. D. 1,
Coffeeville, Ala.
Are You Troubled
With Your Kidneys?
TESTIMONIAL.
South Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1909.
This is to certify that I was taken
down with my kidneys on March 18th.
I have had five doctors wait on me, the
fifth doctor sent me to the hospital. I
stayed there 42 days and came back
home no better. Dr. John T. Patterson
was treating my wife when I went
home, and she got him to treat me. He
commenced on July 12th and has done
me more good in 17 days than five doc
tors and the 42 days’ stay at the hos
pital. When he commenced to treat me
T had pains in my kidneys and bladder
and passed dark thick water and often
blood; now all this is gone and I feel
like a new man and am able to go to
work. PERRY LOYD,
193 Murray Ave.
The remedy that cured Perry Loyd
can he had for $1 per bottle; <» bottlea
lor $5, sent by express anywhere. Sat
isfaction guaranteed.
DR. JOHN T. PATTERSON,
Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN