Cl)e Jeffersonian
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WAT
- '*
VOLUME EOUR
NUMBER SIX
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
The California Bills.
Tte Anti-Japanese bill in Cali
fornia passed in modified form last
week; that is to say, the residential
segregation, alien land ownership and
certain other features of proposed
legislation were defeated, but the
bill to exclude the Japanese from the
public schools passed. This Roosevelt
has had the impudence to character
ize as “the most offensive .f all” and
to attempt to defeat by calling- on
California’s Governor to veto it!
Governor Gillett has already proven
altogether too pliable to the Chief
Executive but it is to be hoped he
will not be influenced to over-ride
the best sense of his own people at
the instigation of Mr. Roosevelt.
Nevada has begun agitation for
legislation similar to that of Cali
fornia and the Pacific slope States
are all on the qui vive.
Mr. Roosevelt’s idea that the ex
clusion of the Japanese from white
schools is “unconstitutional” is
rather odd. Fortunately, regardless
of his own opinion about the matter
or that of some of his ardent fol
lowers, the interpretation of the
Constitution will probably remain
with the Supreme Court which in the
recent Berea College decision in Ken
tucky upheld the right of each state
to separate the different races in the
public schools.
The Press Safe.
There seems to have fallen rather
a strange calm ovei' the libel proceed
ings instituted against the New York
World. It is just possible that the
Government finds it has stirred up
too great a hornet’s nest when it
attempts to punish a newspaper for
printing statements which have
openly been made by responsible
public men. The newspapers gener
ally get their information in reference
to such matters from sources legiti
mate enough, and do not resort to
any spy system either. To sue the
World for its printed matter while
Congressman Rainey is making the
same charges makes the attitude of
the federal government manifestly
absurd. Mr. Rainey would not have
taken up the matter if he had been
at all frightened over the fate of the
newspapers and the probabilty is
that the famous bluff at a libel suit
will go by default.
Penny Wise: Pound Foolish.
All human experience shows that
nations, as well as persons, exhibit
strange streaks of unwise economy.
The appropriations by Congress for
extra battle-ships, and its refusal to
appropriate $500,000 for experimen
tation with aerial navigation, is one
of these instances. Other countries
are progressing, the air ship is un
doubtedly to be a factor in the future.
Should it be perfected, then all
military and naval matters will under
to an absolute readjustment. In
fact, great armies and fleets will be
so powerless against the menace of
the air, as to become obsolete. The
mere fact that these things are for
the future only emphasizes the
enlightened policy which would take
them into 'account, as against the
fatuous, slavish devotion to common
jingoism.
A Worthy Act.
Elihu Root has refused to let the
Russian government get Christian
Rudowitz, the Lettish peasant refugee,
into its clutches. He has ruled in ac
cordance with the best sense of the
American peojjfe that Rudowitz was
a political offender and therefore
entitled to protection.
Tobacco Growers’ Union.
The former independent organiza
tions of producers, namely, are the
Burley Tobacco Society, the New
Green River Tobacco Men’s Associa
tion, the Old Green River Tobacco
Men’s Association, the Bowling Green
Tobacco Association, the Henderson
Stemming District Association, the
Planters’ Protective Association and
the Farmers’ Educational and Co-op
erative Society, all of Kentucky, and
the Southern Indiana Tobacco Soci
ety, are reported to have formed
themselves into a combine known as
the Union Tobacco Society, with a
membership of about 20,000. This in
cludes the tobacco growers of Indi
ana, Wisconsin and Kentucky, while
those of Ohio, Tennessee and else
where are expected soon to jrtin.
Marconi’s Miracle.
Representative James Francis
Burke, of Pennsylvania, has intro
duced a bill to require every passen
ger steamer to carry wireless tele
graph equipment, and hopes it will
pass before the present Congress ad
journs. This grows out of that pic
turesque incident in the annals of
the sea, when the ocean steamer Re
public was rammed in a fog by the
Florida and over 2,000 lives imper
iled. But two were lost owing to the
work of the wireless, and likewise to
the work of the” heroic operator, Jack
Binns, who remained at his post, clear
headed and devoted, while all around
him was wreck and panic. Many a
man would have thought but of sav
ing himself, someway, forgetful of the
magical instrument whose use might
bring help to all. But he continued
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, February 11, 1909
to flash his signal of distress over the
sea, until the reassuring answer came
from the captain of the Baltic: “Tell
them I am coming.” Pity but some
legislative enactment could not insure
for every ship such men as Jack
Binns, Capt. Sealby and the other he
roes whose coolness and courage saved
so many precious lives. And pity
but that human intelligence could not
be led to greater appreciation of the
work of such men as Edison, Marco
ni, and other scientists whose work is
discounted and sneered at for so long
as “impractical.” Such a demon
stration as the accident off the coast
of Nantucket afforded of the wisdom
of visionaries ought to insure to in
ventors, even during the crude days
of their experiments, the respect and
assistance of the world.
‘ ‘ The Papers! Give Me the Papers! ’ ’
That seems to be the cry on all
sides these days, when investigator
returns from turning the probe in
some committee room, only to find his
own private archives rifled and he
himself the subject of relentless scru
tiny. In connection with the Federal
inquiry into the Beef Trust, the fol
lowing report from the Chicago Rec
ord-Herald would appear to show’ that
where there’s so much Secret Service
there are bound to be some fires:
“Thousands of documents, some
of w’hich, it is said, would prove pack
ing concerns guilty of rebating, have
been burned by companies in the stock
yards district since the Government
started its investigation into the af
fairs of Morris & Co., according to
word received by the United States
District Attorney.
“There was quick action on the
part of the authorities. Secret Ser
vice men were burned to the stock
yards to learn what employes had
sorted the claims and burned the doc
uments found in the files. It is pro
posed to subpoena them before the
grand jury.
“The packers got word less than a
w’eek ago that the Government’s in
vestigation was not to end with Mor
ris & Co., and that there was to be
an inquiry concerning supposed re
bates in other concerns. Almost im
mediately the office forces of certain
concerns which the Government con
templated investigating got busy with
old books and papers, and there were
several small bonfires.
“In spite of this attempt to block
the investigation the Federal author
ities are planning to proceed with the
inquiry. There the files«
of the railroad companies, which are
available for the use of the Federal
grand jury, and which contain dupli
’ cates of much of the correspondence
on the matter of damage claims. There
is no fear that the railroad companies
will burn their records, for such ac
tion is forbidden by law\
“J. Ogden Armour ridiculed the
idea that any packing house of stand
ing would resort to destroying its rec
ords, because of a fear of prosecution,
though he admitted he had heard a
rumor to the effect that there had
been a few’ ‘fires’ at the stockyards.”
Woman’s Rights.
North Dakota recently passed the
equal suffrage bill giving full political
recognition to women.
What’ll He Do?
'Cipriano Castro, recently deposed as
president of Venezuela, has left the
Berlin hospital of Dr. Israel, pro
nounced cured. His movements will
be most interesting as his motives
for leaving his country were variously
guessed at.
Meantime, the present chief execu
tive, President Gomez, is behaving
in a manner which must be highly
distasteful to the corporation pets,
and, of course, to Washington. In
response to his expressed desire for
friendly relations with the United
States, Mr. Buchannan went as
special envoy to Caracas to adjust
the difficulties growing out of the New
York and Bermudez Asphalt Company
case. This company was a trust which
President Castro really busted. Mr.
Buchanan sought to bring about
collection of the corporation’s claim
against V enezuela and* to set aside
the claim of that country against the
corporation for several million dol
lars, because the company had
violated the terms of its concession
and had taken an active (undisputed)
part in the Matos revolution against
the government of Castro. Such an
outrageous proceeding is almost be
yond belief, and to Mr. Gomez’ credit
be it said that to set the corporations,
aided and abetted by the United
States Government above the Vene
zuelan courts. This attitude on his
part requires a strong backbone and
revives the hope that perhaps Mr.
Castro may not have showm the white
feather at all. The two men were close
friends and associates, and it is possi
ble Castro means return, in spite of
all the theatrical incidents which
have transpired to make him appear
unpopular. At least, it would appear
that the Castro idea is triumphant
whether Mr. Gomez has been treach
erous, or merely acting from expedi
ency. Now. the is well,
the world desires to know what he’s
going to do. \
Price Five Cents