d)e Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 1
I
"CHlffll^^W'll
and wide apart.
He was a cruel, unfaithful husband; he
was an unnatural father; he was as shameless
an old rake as Lon Livingston is—that’s put
ting it powerful strong, but it’s so.
Then, he was a monster in the making of
money. He went partners with such crooks
as Tom Ryan, the son of Nelson Aldrich, the
Sunday-school saint—John D. Rockefeller,
Junior —and old Colonel W. D’Alton Mann,
of Town Topics. (Colonel W. D’Alton, by
the bye, is the gay old sport who swindled
me out of $9,000, jerked the New York maga
zine out of my hands, and saw it die in three
months thereafter.)
Yes, King Leopold went partners with the
very worst Americans; and there wasn’t a
beautiful and bad woman in Europe, hardly,
that had not felt that ancient goat’s whiskers
on her face.
Tur’ible old rascal, he was —this monarch
of the Belgians. He not only got rich mak
ing Congo niggers work, (by showing them
how he would have other niggers maimed and
tortured,) but he actually flung Foreign Mis
sionaries in jail, because they told on him.
It began to look like Leopold never was
going to die; but finally he caved in. At the
time he breathed his last, he was living with
one of his numerous strumpets, by whom he
had a promising brood of bastards.
Now, Pappy at Rome was ravenously fond
of King Leopold. This affection was found
ed on ducats. No matter how hard the merry
monarch might drink, or how many scandals
might cluster, around his royal name, he was
most careful to keep on good terms with
Pappy and his hierarchy. In this case, as in
others, “good terms” spelled “ducats”.
If you’ve got no end of money, and are
willing to divide with Pappy, you can buy
anything you want —whether it is a fresh
wife, a new mistress, or absolution from the
sin and crime of murder.
Yep: that’s how it is. (Watch for my
Magazine articles on Pappy: will prove
everything, as usual.)
When King Leopold finally turned up his
toes, Pappy and his cardinals and archbish
ops, bishops and priests all made motions
like men inconsolably bereaved.
The way they mourned was melting. The
praises they pronounced on this old worn-out
dollar-chaser and whoremonger, resounded
throughout the world. Not only was Europe
full of eulogistic clamor, and Papal lamenta
tion, but it came across the pond, and struck
The United States. Struck them hard, at
that. Cardinal James-John Gibbons began
Our President, King Leopold,
and Purgatory ' 5
0 YOU know what manner of
man King Leopold of Belgium
was?
Well, he was a hard old case.
The virtues which he did not
possess, were a plenty. The
vices which he lacked, were few
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. ON
Jlttanta, Ga., Thursday, January 6, J'*'
t ■y
to bellow, and all of Pappy’s eunuchs chimed
in. Nothing would satisfy them but a grand
blowout in Washington City.
So, there were flaming notices published,
to the effect that, in St. Matthews’ Church,
said city, Pappy’s outfit would say mass, in
magnificent style, “for the repose of King
Leopold’s soul.”
For, don’tcherknow, even the Catholics
have to admit that when an old man dies in
the arms of his scarlet favorite, he isn’t quite
fit to enter the pearly gates, without some
slight pause and purgation.
For just such men as Leopold, the ancient
Persians invented Purgatory. In this re
ligious ante-room, the Persians purified un
clean souls, by fire. The Jews thought so well
of this Persian custom that they imported it
to Palestine. From the Jews, the Catholics
borrowed it, and they have made oodles of
money out of it.
From the old and the young, the rich and
the poor, the learned and the ignorant, Pappy
coins ducats, every day in the year, by having
his clergy pray souls out of the waiting
room.
Pappy teaches his children that the notori
ously pious, who have paid the Church lib
erally in this life, go at once to the realms of
bliss—passing through the ante-room without
stopping. The notoriously wicked, who
scoffed at Pappy, and who left no kindred
who are able and willing to pay for masses,
go straight to hell. But those who were not
good enough for immediate entrance into
Paradise, and whose family or friends are
able and willing to come down with the cash,
to pay for priestly prayers, are put in the
ante-room, to wait awhile, until masses can
be said for the repose of their souls.
Now, who do you suppose gave his official
countenance to the ancient Persian custom of
purifying the souls of the dead?
IF Ay, it was your President! Yes, Mr.
Taft and all his Cabinet diked themselves out
in splendor, and officially represented the
Federal Government at the pagan perform
ance in St. Matthews' Ghur ch!
Who could have dreamed, twenty years
ago, that the President of the United States
would, in his official capacity, ever give public
sanction to the heathenish belief in purga
tory ?
Have the daily papers had anything to say
about this amazing incident? Not a word.
Pappy's hierarchy has put the spell of deadly
fear upon the secular press.
Have the Protestant religious papers com
mented on this last stride of Roman Catholi
cism in this country?
No: the Protestant denominational papers
have their rapt gaze glued to China, Japan,
Korea, India, Africa and Oceanica. The Dr.
Lovetts, Bell and Grahams, W. E. Towsons,
S. J. Crumptons, etc., can’t see anything that
isn’t a thousand miles off. They can see little
nigger girls, such as “Dear little Dora”, if
they happen to be in Africa, but they can’t
see any sort of suffering humanity, here at
home.
And they can roar like the bulls of Bashan
about convent brothels in Europe, and about
the ruinous influence of Roman Catholicism
in Mexico, the Antilles, Central and South
America; but you can’t arouse them to a sense
of the danger attending the same system
among ourselves.
Don’t you wish you could have seen your
President and his official family, sitting up
there, while Pappy''s hypocrites were praying
old Leopold out of the refrigerator?
Stand by Charles Barrett and the
Union!
I
given for this proposed action is, that the
Birmingham Convention increased the salary
of President Charles Barrett from $1,500 to
$3,000. If I know those big-hearted people,
they are perfectly willing to pay their na
tional chief a decent amount for his services.
The share which Texas will Lave to contrib
ute to the $3,000 will not probably exceed
S2OO.
That amount of money is a mere nothing to
imperial and growing Texas.
Any man who isn’t worth $3,000 per year,
isn’t fit to be National President of the Union.
And the Texas seceders are estopped from
saying that Barrett is unfit to hold ‘the office,
for they not only acquiesced in his re-elec
tion, but fail, even now, to question his quali
fications for the position.
Think of the requirements of that high
office. Your President should be a man of
spotless character, unselfish, and consecrated
to his duties. He should not only be entirely
incapable of using the Union for his own
benefit, but he should be vigilant enough and
courageous enough to denounce any other de
signing members or outsiders who seek to ex
ploit the order.
He should be a man of self-control, of
sound judgment, of patience and of firmness.
He should be a man who can steer a big con
vention and control its turbulent elements.
He should be cool, and yet alert and quick.
He should be a worker, from hell to break
fast.
He should be a man of goodly presence and
address, capable of making a favorable first
impression, in public and in private. He
should be able to hold his own with other
(continued on page five)
Price, Five Gents
NOTICE that the Texas Co
operator bunch is trying to dis
rupt the Farmers’ Union. A
circular letter has been sent to
the Texas locals, urging a seces
sion from the national organ
ization. One of the reasons