value. Today it is worth every cent that
it cost the purchasers. In other words,
that which was worthless when issued is
now worth as much in the market as it
was when it was unloaded on the vic
tims. Those who held on to their stock
throughout these long, dreary years since
the Steel Common was unloaded on the
public, may draw a breath of relief—but
they will doubtless carry, as long as they
live, the remembrance of the anxieties
they suffered.
Those who were not able to hold on—
what of them?
Years ago, they went to the bottom and
the rise and fall of Steel Common affects
them no more forever.
When value was put into that issue of
Steel Common, it was put there by law.
Could the law put value into $500,-
000,000 of fictitious capitalization with
out taking the value from somebody?
When water rushes into a vacancy, it
lessens the amount of water left some
where else.
When value went into that enormous
issue of watered stock, it lessened the
amount of wealth held elsewhere.
From whence came money that put
value into Steel Common? From those
who were caught in its monopolized mar
ket prices. When the Steel Trust became
able to earn $119,000,000 per year, clear
profit, and could then jump from that sum
to $160,964,673, even the Common Stock
absorbed from the victimized American
public a value which never honestly be
longed to it.
The Tariff shuts out foreign compe
tition and gives the Trust a monopoly
of the market. Therefore it can charge
extortionate prices. Thus it can force
value into $500,000,000 of worthless stock.
And it is thus that the law takes from
the many and gives to the few.
M H
‘Bryan Badly Mixed.
Judging from his Nebraska platform,
we should say that Mr. Bryan’s political
coat is becoming very much of a crazy
quilt.
His proposition to increase and perpet
uate the National debt, necessarily bene
fits the capitalists, and broadens the foun
dation upon which the National banking
system rests.
Therefore, Mr. Bryan is, in part at
least, a disciple of Alexander Hamilton.
His proposition to use the proceeds of
the bonds to give jobs to the unem
ployed, is rank Socialism. That kind of
thing was too much even for the Union-
Labor leaders in the British Parliament,
and they indignantly voted against such
a bare-faced prostitution of the powers
of government. We cannot conceive of
any policy more likely to be ruinous in
practice than that of taxing the employed
to furnish jobs for the unemployed. The
result of such an insane experiment would
be to fasten upon the honest industry of
the country all of the hoboes and profes
sional deadbeats. Besides, it would so
discourage the real workers of the land,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that there would be a continual increase
of the numbers of the unemployed. The
government pay-roll would grow like a
pension list, and the parasites would suck
the life out of the republic.
The question of the unemployed pre
sents no obstacle graver than that of
drawing off the surplus of the over-stock
ed cities into those portions of the West
and South that are clamoring for more
labor.
Texas alone, could give employment to
a million men. Florida could give land
and work to ten thousand at this very
moment. Georgia would like to have
every real worker, of good character, that
paraded the streets of those Northern
cities last winter asking for work.
We don't want to be taxed to feed
these unemployed people, not even while
they are pretending to work for the Gov
ernment. What we will do, —cheerfully
and at once, —is to give them jobs at fair
prices.
There is employment in this country
for every man and woman who is willing
to go where the work is.
If a man chooses to stay where the
work is not, that is his own look-out. We
would be in favor of having the National
department of Labor and Industry give
its attention to the matter of keeping the
unemployed informed as to the localities
where there is a demand for more labor
ers. We would be willing to go a step
further and have the Government bring
about communications between those
seeking employment and those seeking
laborers. In other words we are will
ing to go to any safe limit in giving to
every deserving citizen the chance to help
himself.
There we would stop. We would have
no public granary to encourage men to
become beggars; and we would have no
taxation of the employed to swell the pay
rolls of the Government with the names
of hundreds of thousands of men who
can get work if they really want it.
We must say that we are greatly as
tonished at Mr. Bryan’s proposition.
It is Socialism. Consequently, in his
latest platform Mr. Bryan boxes the com
pass.
Assuming that much of the balance of
his platform contains some things which
are Jeffersonian, Mr. Bryan’s coat has
all the colors. We find some Populism,
some Labor-Unionism, some Socialism,
some of Jefferson, some of Hamilton, and
some that can hardly be classed.
We let it go as alloy.
H M
Honor Roll.
These help The Jeffersonian whenever
they can:
Dr. B. U. Spickard, Audra, Tex.
Miss Willie Cox, Buford, Ga.
J. S. Mason, Milford, Ga.
Wash Brewster, Choudrant, La.
S. I. Batchelor, High Shoals, Ga.
W. A. Ecord, Homerville, Ga.
J. FI. Evans, Wooster, Ga.
(To be Continued.)
Special to Students of Political "Econ
omy, Political History and
Social Problems.
Watson’s “HANDBOOK” gives full
treatment to
(1) Political Parties and Platforms in
the United States.
(2) To the Money Question.
(3) To the Tariff System.
(4) To the Railroad and Trust Prob
lems.
(5) To Socialism.
(6) To the Catholic Hierarchy in Poli
tics.
(7) To the Encroachments of the Fed
eral Courts.
(8) To the Relations Between the
Farmers and the Government.
(9) And gives most valuable statistics
on social problems and conditions.
It is an up-to-date book, and is
Illustrated by original cartoons by Gor
don Nye.
Price sl, prepaid.
Address,
JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
RR R '
STILL FEAR THAT MR ROOSEVELT
WILL BE A CANDIDATE.
(From Augusta Herald.)
Since Mr. Roosevelt, in his earnestness to
secure the republican presidential nomination
for Mr. Taft, went so far as to declare that
if those who are fighting so hard to prevent-
Taft’s nomination would not take Taft they
would have to take Roosevelt, the talk about
a third term for him has revived. Mr. Bel
mont is quoted as saying in an interview in
Washington the other day that:
No professional politician ever announces
his candidacy for the office he covets. Mr.
Roosevelt’fe inability to keep his hands off in
dicates to many the purpose of a stampede in
the convention to overthrow his declaration
that he would neither seek nor accept a nomi
nation. The president is now said to be de
claring to his immediate surrounding friends
that if the Chicago convention does not accept
his choice he will take the nomination himself.
This opens wide the field for interesting
speculation as to the next presidential cam
paign. The predatory corporations do not
want Roosevelt as president for another term.
They would almost as soon have Mr. Bryan.
They are evidently afraid also to trust Mr.
Taft, who is credited with the intention of
tracking Roosevelt’s footsteps should he be
elected. They have been laying the wires for
his defeat in the convention, and with so many
candidates in the running Mr. Taft’s chances
of securing the nomination seem to be grow
ing very slim.
Now comes Mr. Roosevelt and says that if
Taft doesn’t get the nomination he will take
it himself. This may be only a big bluff he is
playing, but also it may be fair warning to
his political enemies of what he intends to
do. Suppose the republican convention fails
to nominate Taft and is deadlocked, could it
be stampeded for Roosevelt? Most people
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE