Netos and Vietos of Various Things
*By Tom Dolan.
“Marching Through Georgia!’’
In the decades which have passed since the
Civil War, the Democratic party has always
counted and traded upon the solid South.
Even as the swallow flies to our sunny clime
for refuge from the desolating wintry cold,
certain of his welcome and his sustenance, so
has every candidate who bore aloft the stand
ard of Democracy looked to the land below
Mason and Dixon’s line for its support in his
struggle, its kindliest sympathy when he went
down to defeat.
Year after year have representative men
been chosen from our midst as delegates to
the National Conventions. If any of these
delegates have either individually or collect
ively conducted themselves other than as
Southern gentlemen should, the instance es
caped our attention. They have gone in a
spirit of knightly fellowship, asking nothing
for themselves, pledging freely what they had
to give.
All they asked was courtesy. But it is not
fair to put it that way. Chivalrous them
selves, they expected courtesy from others as
their right.
The sons of the North have met the sons
of the South in a new brotherhood. Remem
bering each the heroism of their sires, respect
ing each the other’s traditions, they have
mingled together socially and politically, in
tolerance, in reverence and in truth.
It was a Southern woman’s hand which
laid the first memorial flower upon the neg
lected grave of an unknown Northern-soldier.
With a vision made purer from weeping over
her own dead, she realized that sister women
also wept; and that perhaps their tears fell
all the thicker for that to them was denied
the sweet privilege of visiting the last rest
ing place of their beloved. With all the ten
derness of her great soul, she taught the
world the lesson that Memory should robe
itself in the royal purple of the violet that
riejily and tenderly covers the clay beneath
which sleep the warriors of the Gray and the
Blue, hiding all that is unsightly and cruel,
showing all that is noble and sweet.
So, it was with no smallest suspicion that
they would be subjected to insult that our
Georgia delegation went to Denver. They
little dreamed that simple, manly independ
ence would bring upon them and upon their
banner the rude surge of a rabid mob; and
that their dignified silence, while the yells
of the multitude —yells which were pre-deter
mined and expected by the Devastator of
Democracy—were being poured into his hun
gry ears by phone, would provoke the coars
est insult that could have been flung at them.
“Delegates danced up and down in the
aisles and shouted the chorus of 1 Marching
through Georgia. ’ While the latter air
was ringing through the hall, a determined
assault was made by the frenzied Bryan
shouters upon the Georgia standard, which
had been kept firmly rooted in its place. The
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
delegates showed in quick fashion that it was
as dangerous to ‘March through Georgia’ as
it had ever been in the days of the war.
“They rallied around their little yellow
flag pole, bearing the name of their State on
white, against a background of blue, and
stuck staunchly to their guardianship.
“Then the Cowboy band left its place in
the gallery and joined the parade through
the aisles, playing, ‘Marching through Geor
gia ! ’ ”
The Macon Telegraph says:
“If Georgia was not predisposed to Bry
an the shaking of the bloodstained rag of
murder, rape and riot in the faces of her rep
resentatives was not calculated to better mat
ters from the Bryan point of view. Worse
treatment could not have come from the
Roosevelt-Taft convention. Georgia was slap
ped hard in the face for her independence.”
Slapped hard! Not only they, but every
Southerner who has a drop of independence
and patriotism in his veins must feel it come
to boiling point at such an outrage!
Every fair-minded man of every section
must blush with shame to beer of this vile
mistreatment of men who wont in amity and
honor to deliberate with oilier men. Have
w r e lost all rights as citizens —all rights as
States 1 ? Is a convention, then, no longer to
be a place where candidates are chosen but
a mere steam-roller operated by some one
Boss? If a convention has lost the character
of an arena in which battles are fairly fought,
the American people had better put it aside
along with other fast-vanishing relics of a
former independence.
Men of that insulted delegation, yours was
indeed the spirit of “the Georgia Volun
teer!” You stood your ground in the face of
a most cowardly attempt to force you into
taking a position you did not intend to as
sume. The “Peerless One” will not forget
any one of your number should it be possible
for him to balk your way in future. Yours
was a moral victory in that you did not yield
to a pressure that, failing to coerce, did not
scruple to wound you in your dearest senti
ments and most sacred opinions.
“Marching through Georgia!” Ah, how
the vultures followed the red rapine of that
march! How it brought want and humilia
tion to the fair, proud women of your State!
How it stripped the weeping widow of her
last pittance and brought her children to the
door of beggary!
Yes, we all remember that march. Georgia
will not forget it, nor will her Southern sis
ters be unmindful of the anguish of that re
lentless pillage.
This, then, is what the solid South may
expect from Mr. Bryan. Basely bidding for
the black vote —condoning the Brownsville
horror because it occurred in an unprotect
ed little Southern city, and condemning
Roosevelt for. his righteous action in dis
charging those brutes who disgraced their
uniforms—this is Mr. Bryan as we at length
see him. His henchmen wantonly and indo
lently outraging the best sentiments of gen
tlemen who happen not to bend the knee to
his arrogant usurpation of power.
Surely—surely, the people of Georgia aed
the South will at length understand that all
they can hope from the Democratic party is
impudent dictation, insult and repudiation ?
And beyond all question they are going to
flame with an indignation equal to that of the
Sixties and drive the rapiers of their resent
ment straight into the selfishness, the hypoc
risy and the brutality of the Bryan-biddan
mob!
The Clutch of Greed Upon Our Food Supply.
Rates are again to be increased on grain,
flour, meat, etc., to the southeast. Already
foodstuffs are so high the common people can
barely subsist, but the Beef Trust apparent
ly cannot bring about enough privation, so
the railroads help by a vast increase in
freight upon the necessaries of life. How
long are such things to be? How long before
the words of G. Phelps Stokes, the New York
philanthropist, shall be made the axiom of our
nation, that: “Any man who deliberately par
ticipates in cornering the nation’s food sup
ply, and thus causes the ill-nourished to die,
is as guilty as the highwayman who shoots
down a helpless victim’’?
Child Labor in the South.
At the charities conference in Richmond,
\ irginia, Miss Jean Gordon, the distinguished
young ex-President of the New Orleans Era
Club, made a striking address on the Child
Labor problem as she finds it in her investi
gations in the South. Miss Gordon says she
does not find a Jew or a negro child in a
mill, factory or department store in her own
State. They are at school “playing in the
sunlight, waxing strong and fat. It is only
your little white-faced, shrunken-chested,
curved-back, white Christians who are in the
mills and stores at New Orleans.” Well, we
know another kind of child labor scarcely
less horrible. It is that of farm drudgery,
to which a weary multitude of boys and girls
are condemned because of the commercial con
ditions which enslave their fathers and moth
era. We ar© making of thousands of our fin
est hopes for a splendid future citizenship
mere “brothers to the ox.”
Count Boni de Castellane, the Kidnapper.
Count Boni de Castellane managed to kid
nap his three boys last week from their tutor,
a French priest. Their mother was doubtless
off in London, or some other large stage-set
ting for her nauseous love affair with Helie,
while these worse-than-orphaned children were
left to teachers and servants. It takes a long
time for some folks to get married, it seems.
“Madame” Anna Gould has been diligently
(Continued on Page Sirteen.)
PAGE THIRTEEN