PAGE TWELVE
Politics in Georgia
(Concluded from Page 9)
of the Democratic Party organization that all
qualified white voters in Georgia, Irrespective
of past affiliations, who in good faith desire
to align themselves with the party, are cor
dially invited to do so, UPON THE SOLE
CONDITION that they will abide the result
of the party primary and support the party
nominations.”
Upon no other terms would Watson have
gone in with Smith and Hardwick. The con
tract was positive. Hardwick and Smith
made the fight, in their own Executive Com
mittee, to have it ratified. It was ratified, and
it was written into the Macon Platform.
Yet when Smith had been defeated for re
election he went back to his old position
against the Pops and declared, in his paper
and elsewhere, that those Populists who had
voted in the Democratic state primary were
bound to vote for Social Equality Bryan in
the national election. Chairman A. L. Miller
issued a formal statement to the same effect.
The amiable and honorable purpose was to
keep the Populist votes away from Watson.
El El ®
The Jeffersonian firmly believes that had
Governor Smith kept straight on, according
to the plans he had announced, after the ad
journment of the first regular session of the
Legislature, in 1907, we would have accom
plished every reform that we promised the
people. Those plans of the Governor contem
plated an extra session of the Legislature,
after the Governor should have carried war
against certain traitors into their counties and
thus brought to bear upon them the pressure
of positive instructions from their constitu
ents.
But the Senatorial bee which got into the
Gubernatorial bonnet ruined everything. Pre
cious time was lost, divisions rent the reform
ers, and a reaction set in. In editorial after
editorial, in the summer and fall of 1907, the
Jeffersonian tried to warn the Governor of
his fatal mistake. To no purpose—other ad
visers had his ear.
At the time he was defeated in the June
primary of 1908, we had carried but one of
our reform measures —the Disfranchisement
bill, —and the Governor was before the elec
tors in a reversal of attitude on the early pri
mary, and with new rules which would have
put all the country counties under the feet of
the big cities.
The anti-free pass bill had been killed. No
anti-lobby bill had been passed. The Legisla
ture had failed to redeem the pledge as to the
primary election’s law. Not the slightest
progress had been made to correct railroad
abuses, beyond the passage of the act to re
model the Railroad Commission; and the
Legislature, which had balked at the reform
measures, had been publicly absolved from
“adverse criticism,” by the Governor himself!
® El El
From first to last, Mr. Smith has been
awkward and unsuccessful in dealing with the
railroads. His original proposition was that
foreign corporations should not be allowed to
hold property and do business in Georgia.
Then, he made the statement that the rail
roads were gouging us, annually, to the ex
tent of $4,000,000, and that he meant to save
us from further exploitation. The Macon
Platform demanded “the immediate leveling
of intra-State rates to the yielding of no more
than a reasonable return upon the money in
vested.” Mr. Smith’s Macon Platform also
called “special attention to the immediate
necessity for a reduction of rates from our sea
ports to and from all interior points.”
To get control of the Railroad Commission,
in order that these pledges might be redeemed,
the number was increased to five. This new
Commission which the Governor had “packed”
with a majority pledged to do his bidding,
“dje Jeffersonian
was duly organized for business in August,
1907. It went to work promptly and it did
much good. The railroads were spurred
vigorously in the matter of adjusting claims
for overcharges, providing station accommo
dations, &c. The Commission did what the
Legislature had refused to do, —put a stop to
free passes.
But not a thing was done toward “leveling
rates to the yielding of no more than a reason
able profit on the money invested.” The Wis
consin idea was a great vote-catcher, but it
slept peacefully after the election. Watered
stock continued to reap where it did not sow,
and we still lose that $4,000,000. During the
whole of the year 1908, not a chirp was heard
about those cheaper rates to and from the sea
ports. The “immediate necessity” of which
the Macon Platform took notice in 1906, lost
its place somehow, on the urgent list.
And here’s where Clarke Howell comes in,
again. A faithful memory, has Clarke, and
a most persistent perseverance. At the be
ginning of the year 1909, he began to ask
Smith why he had not even tried to redeem
the port-rate pledge. Smith woke up like a
man that had been sound asleep, and fired a
letter at his Railroad Commission. This was
in February, 1909. Up to that late hour of his
expiring administration, Governor Smith had
not done a blessed thing to prove that he so
much as remembered the emphasis put on sea
port rates, in his campaign and in his Macon
Platform. Clarke How T ell’s nagging worried
Smith. Well it might, for Smith was already
knee-deep in the race for the Senate, and to
leave that weak spot in his Gubernatorial
record meant future tribulation. So, in April,
1909, Governor Smith felt himself possessed
by a sudden zeal on that dear old, half-for
gotten subject of seaport rates which, in 1906,
had so urgently needed immediate reduction.
Alack and alas! The neatly packed Com
mission, which had been slumbering along
comfortably with the Governor, woke up in a
different state of mind from that of the Gov
ernor. The majority of the members declared
that the case which was brought before them
at the Governor’s instance had no other ob
ject in view than to give Atlanta jobbers an
advantage over those of every other city: con
sequently, the Commission denied the petition
to reduce the rates from Savannah and Bruns
wick to Atlanta.
Whereupon, the Governor singled out one of
the members of the Commission and sus
pended him from office. The reason why the
two others who voted with McLendon were
not also ousted, seems to be that nobody ex
pected them to vote any other way.
If Governor Smith had gone to work for a
reduction of seaport rates early in his admin
istration, something might have been accom
plished. He waited too long. If we knew his
explanation of his failure, from August, 1907,
to February, 1909, to even write a letter
in favor of a reduction of port rates, we would
give the benefit of it to our readers. But, so
far as we know, neither Mr. Smith nor his
paper have made the attempt'to explain his
long neglect. The Jeffersonian thinks the
people of Georgia are just as much entitled to
have this cleared up, as they are to know all
about Mr. McLendon’s alleged transactions in
railway bonds.
In this connection, it is worth remembering
that the Governor, who bounced McLendon
because that gentleman voted against the peti
tion to cut down railroad port rates about 50
per cent, is the same Mr. Hoke Smith who at
tended the Conservation Congress in 'Wash
ington, I). C., LAST DECEMBER, and
made the speech CONDEMNING ANY AG
ITATION AGAINST THE RAILROADS!
El El El
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
Such men as Aldrich, Hale, Depew, and
some of the Democratic Senators, do not real
ize that the people are becoming wise to the
present condition of affairs.
The people have been so easily fooled for
years by the plausible stories of their repre
sentatives at Washington, when that repre
sentative returns home from Washington and
begins to give his barbecues and make ex
planatory speeches, that they think they can
keep it up.
But watch out, something may happen.
The w 7 hole country is aroused over the tariff
question and the country people are watch
ing their Congressmen.
And w T oe be unto you, Mr. Senator, or you,
Mr. Representative, if you help the Trusts
continue to rob the people instead of giving
the people a square deal.
@1 El El
Democracy and the Tariff
In politics, as well as in years, the editor of the
Journal is quite young.
But several years ago, when our mind first be
gan to reach out for knowledge outside the realm
of childhood, we began to appreciate the real sig
nificance of the word “politics”; we learned that
some form of government was necessary, in order
that the lives of men and women might be lived
to the best advantage; we learned that in this
country the responsibility of the government
rests upon the individual citizen, and that to
know how to intelligently dictate the affairs of his
government the individual citizen must be a close
student of political economy, the science of gov
ernment. We have devoted what time we could
to this subject, with the result that our faith has
been gradually strengthened in the righteousness
of the principles of government enunciated by
Thomas Jefferson.
One of the subjects which came under our ob
servation was the tariff. A study of this subject
proved to us the justness of the Democratic posi
tion—“tariff on luxuries for revenue only.” We
have always been an enemy to the principle of
protection, not because it protected certain indus
tries in the North and didn’t protect certain in
dustries in the South, but because we firmly be
lieved it was wrong. This was the position of the
Democratic party before the war.
What does Democracy of today say?
It says this: “You Northern Republicans voted
for a tariff law that enables the corporations of
your section to rob the people of the United
States; we voted against this law, but we couldn’t
defeat it; therefore, it is the duty of we Southern
Democrats to vote for a law that will enable the
corporations of our section to rob the people, in
order that we may keep even.”
Wouldn’t Thomas Jefferson be ashamed of such
reasoning in the name of Democracy?
This is the very position that Democratic Con
gressmen and Senators took on the lumber ques
tion, the iron ore question, and others.
And the Atlanta Constitution and other Demo
cratic newspapers are trying to defend them in it.
If the people will do it, they can make these
Deceivers stand by a real Democracy, or put some
one in their place who will be true to the princi
ples upon which they are elected.
Mr. Voter, you owe it to yourself and your coun
try to make the next man who gets your suffrage
measure up to the mark on this important ques
tion.
Will you do it? —J. Roy McGinty, Whigham
(Ga.) Journal.
When the young men of the country begin
to study the important questions that are now
confronting us, there is some hope.
When editors of weekly papers begin to tell
their readers the truth, instead of using a lot
of corporation syndicated stuff, the people
will know more about what is going on in
Washington and they may not be as easily
fooled in 1910 as they were in 1908.
E] El El
Let the people once wake up to the present
situation and there will be trouble for a lot
of men who are now drawing a fat living
from the people’s tax money.
Some will have to get back to honest work
again, instead of drawing $7,500 of the tax
payers money each year.
It will be the end of the Congressman who
goes to Washington and delivers himself,
body and soul, to old Joe Cannon and Al
drich.
Out of the present lot of Congressmen there
will hardly be enough left to make the re
quired number of pall-bearers, after the peo
ple are told how they have been betrayed.