“The People’s Party has the courage of its
convictions and stands up for the rights of the
common people. In 1908 our party cast one
million votes and William J. Bryan of Ne
braska first came into the limelight by stump
ing the state of Nebraska for the People’s
Party ticket. The Populist Party carried the
state of Nebraska. In 1894 our strength had
so rapidly increased that we elected more than
thirty members of congress and eight or ten
members of the United States Senate and many
governors and state and k>cal tickets. These
triumphs of the common people startled the
trusts and a scheme was set on foot to destroy
the People’s Party.”
“In 1906 William J. Bryan accepted the
nomination for President of the United States,
pretended to be our candidate and promised
to stand upon our platform, but he was false
to his every promise. In tha|, year he played
the role of both Peter by denying Tom Watson
and of Judas by the betrayal of the People’s
Party. Truth is, that organized greed and
selfishness so manipulated things within the
Democratic party as to secure the nomination
that year by the Democratic party of the same
William J. Bryan, not for purpose of electing
him, but for the purpose of destroying the
People’s Party.”
“I agree that it may be said of Bryan that
he is a statesman who never wrote a statute;
a soldier who never fought a battle; a lawyer
who never tried a case; a farmer who never
plowed a furrow; a leader who never lead
twice in the same direction. He has been a
history maker however. The only man in our
history who in one short life time wrecked two
great political parties. The Peoples Party and
the Democratic Party are his victims thus far.
He is young, magnetic and full of vigor and is
Hon. Thos. E. Watson
WILL MAKE ADDRESSES AT THE FOLLOWING POINTS:
AUGUSTA, GA., Thursday Evening, August 6th.
THOMSON, GA., Wednesday, August 12th, at 10 a. m.
N. B.—Previous announcement of Thomson date as August 10th was incorrect.
FAIRBURN, GA., Saturday, August 15th, at 10 a. m.
ELBERTON, GA., Wednesday, August 19th, at 10 a. m.
ROYSTON, GA., Thursday, August 20th, at 10 a. m.
A regular schedule of Mr. Watson’s speeches will be printed in the Jef
fersonian during the campaign, and every voter in Georgia will be given an
I opportunity to hear him.
Gems from Judge Williams’ Speeches
THE JEFERSONIAN.
now rich. What a grand thing it would be if
he would only join the Republican Party and
smash it.”
J 4 Plutocracy has the Republican Party as its
avowed champion.”
“Plutocracy uses the Democratic Party to
serve as a dog in the manger to keep a real
party out of opposition.”
“I submit to you that while the People’s
Party in open and express terms condemns
government by injunction and declares, as it
has always declared, in favor of a distinct de
partments of government, to wit: executive,
legislative and judicial; that in fact, there is
no more difference between the Democratic
and Republican positions on this question than
there'-is between tweeddie dee and twceddle
dum.”
“When Mr. Gompers and his colleagues
visit Chicago and Denver pleading for resolu
tions favorable to the demands of organized
labor and which, by the way, are refused to
him, he reminds me of the mendicant, who
goes to the back door begging for a meal.”
“Mr. Bryan has been asserting that he dis
covered and exploited the idea of regulating
the tolls and charges of corporations. Allow
me to call his attention to the fact that before
he was in the limelight I introduced and se
cured the passage of a bill in the Indiana
Legisluature to regulate the tolls and charges
of corporations and the law was held consti
tutional.”
“The Democratic party gave us soup houses
and distress in 1903, during its last adminis
tration, and now in 1908 the Democratc Na
tional Convention brazenly insults popular in
telligence by giving unqualified endorsement
to Cleveland’s administration.”
“The Republican Party was sired by Alex-
ander Hamilton though it is a pasthumous
child.”
‘ ‘ But for Alexander Hamilton and his teach
ings, federal judges would not be appointed
to their office; would not hold the same for
life and these offices would be a part of the
patronage to be bestowed by a political presi
dent for party service rendered to him and
his. ’ ’
“Except for Alexander Hamilton and his
influence the American people would elect their
President and Vice-President of the United
States by a direct vote of the people without
the intervention of the cumbrous machinery
■called the Electoral College.”
He said again:
“First keep in mind the fact that the Re
publican party has been continuously in power
for forty-eight years, with the exception of
eight years of Cleveland at the helm, and as
I shall show later there was no break in the
line of governmental policy during Cleveland’s
eight years therefore the Republican Party
stands responsible, justly, at the bar of public
opinion, for all legislation on the statue books,
as well as for existing conditions resulting
from these laws.”
“In the cesspool of tariff infamy under the
sickening and withering heat of currency
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Is a safe place for your boys and girl*. The
right ideals are kept constantly before them.
The very spirit of the school is an assurance
to parents who are anxious about their children
while off at school. Find out more about this
feature before making your decision. Write for
full information to
CLAUDE GRAY, President,
LOCUST GROVE, GA.
PAGE FIVE