PAGE FOURTEEN
GRAFTE S PECAN TREES
We have them in all the Varieties Worth While. The demand for
the best sizes and varieties of Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees is far
greater than the supply. ORDER NOW TO SAVE DISAPPOINT
MENT.
’ 1909-1910 PRICE LIST:
1 to 2 foot size, 50 cents each or $45.00 per 100
2 to 3 foot size, 60 cents each or $55.00 per 100
3 to 4 foot size, 70 cents each or $65.00 per 100
4 to 5 foot size, 80 cents each or $75.00 per 100
5 to 6 foot size, 90 cents each or $85.00 per 100
OUR GUARANTEE If our planting instructions and advice as to the care of the
1 trees are followed, we will replace free all over 7 per cent, that
die from natural causes, provided they are set out before February 15th.
ORDERS BOOKED NOW FOR FALL AND WINTER DELIVERY.
Delays pay no DIVIDENDS! Act NOW! ORDER TODAY!
G. M. BACON PECAN CO., Mitchell County, DE WITT,
FOREIGN
Mr. Watson’s articles, reprinted from Watson’s Magazine, in ■
book form. Ready in two weeks. Price, 25 cents. Send in
your orders now.
Department The Jeffersonians I
THOM SON, CEOROIA J
(LeanvAdwritingl
Ad-writers earn $25.00 to SIOO.OO per week A
tor months’ subscription to Southern
. avertising Journal which teaches complete course /
m aa-writing. Prepares you for highest salaried
tV\^-'-M POS,hOnS Cour “ worth fuliy $40.00. Stamps
acce Pted. This offer good for short tine only.
to-day.
SOUTHERN ADVERTIRING
JI JOURNAL, Jf
hept. Richmond, Virginia.
.... . I X* :
ri " ' ' • - ■ ..7. — j
MWIMUfWMIM 11 l"il | ii» l l,.»Mimkra^»<»aM^a i |iHßiiiinii|iiniii ini, nil m|l I I
We quote from the first of Mr. Watson’s articles on “Socialists
and Socialism”:
“Southern men are rushing into the European mess
called Socialism, blindly following the blind zealots
who worship the memory of the bloody monster, John
Brown.”
“The creed of Socialism threatens Caucasian civiliza
tion.”
“Into this huge mass of human dynamite, this chaotic
and combustible world of negro, negroid, European
mongrels, inferior races, remnants from every quarter
of the globe, the Socialist tosses the fire-brand of col
lectivism, of free love, of social and political equality,
and of an indiscriminate fraternity which ignores the
God-made differences between the races, and forgets
the causes which have carried lost nations to their
doom.”
Watson’s Magazine I
October j
Jeffersonian
INCITING TO RIOT
A priest at McKees Rocks told
what he knew about the Pressed
Steel Company’s car works at that
place. He is quoted in the press dis
patches to the effect that it was “a
slaughter house and a thousand
times worse”; that men were work
ed at starvation wages, and treated
with incredible cruelty. “A pit of
infamy,” says Father Toner, “where
men are driven lower than the degre
dation of slaves, and compelled to
sacrifice their wives or daughters to
the villainous foremen and little
bosses to be allowed to work. . . .
It is a disgrace to a civilized coun
try. A man is given less considera
tion than a dog, and dead bodies are
simply kicked aside while the men
are literally driven on to their
death,” etc.-
The men went out on strike. They
had their “constitutional right” to
work under conditions which they
thought unfair, or the other consti
tutional right to quit and starve
quietly while other workers took
their places. Strange to say, they
exceeded these rights which they had
as citizens of a great, free common
wealth, and tried to keep the strike
breakers out by violence. State
troops were sent in, and the riot fol
lowed. Eleven workingmen, strikers
and troopers were killed, and many
others were seriously injured.
Mounted men charged the crowds;
heads were beaten with riot clubs;
strikers who resisted arrest were
manacled to horses and dragged
through the streets.
The men impute the trouble to the
“pooling” system. The car company
insist that this system is perfectly
fair, under w r hich employees receive
“small wages one week and large
wages the next,” but that the foreign
workmen were so ignorant of the
English language it is impossible to
make them understand the case in
its right light. The president of the
company refused to meet the repre
sentatives of the men. Now two hun
dred of the strikebreakers have quit
the plant and joined the strikers.
They assert that the food and the
working conditions were bad, and
that they were not duly paid. Some
of them say that they were brought
to McKees Rocks ignorant that the
strike was in progress, and were
forced to continue at work after they
desired to leave the car works.
The State of Pennsylvania having
gone into partnership with the car
company at McKees Rocks by fur
nishing troops to its owners, it is to
be hoped that the large force of de
tectives now encamped in that vicini
ty will find out precisely what sort
of an institution the tax-payers have
to go down into their pockets to
support. The citizens have acquired
the right, through their participation
in the affair, and some of them
through the death of members of
their families, to -ask whether the
company has given a satisfactory ex
planation of the matter, and who
was actually guilty of instigating the
riot. They should consider seriously
and without prejudice, whether it is
likely that any man would be so
stupid that he could not realize that,
say $6 in his pocket one week (it
seems that by the pooling arrange
ment less than a dollar was some-
times paid for a very long, hard
day’s toil) and $24 the next week,
would mean an average that would
support his family in comparative
comfort. The car company is entire
ly too indefinite in its defense. What
does it consider a “large wage,” and
on how many weeks out of a month
was this glorious remuneration paid?
In this connection it must be remem
bered that unorganized workers—
Secretary Morrison, of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor, says
not one of the men on strike
belonged to the Federation —are
not apt to be munificently paid;
that in Pittsburgh it has re
cently been discovered that very
few men employed by the Steel Trust
draw $2 for a cruehy long day’s toil.
It should be remembered, too, that
when women broke into the compa
ny’s restaurant on the night before
the serious rioting began, they car
ried off nothing but the great kettles
of soup. They were hungry, in spite
of those “large wages” so recently
received, with which one would sup
pose each family could have acquired
a silver service or a pianola which
could be disposed of in the hour of
need.
The citizens of Pennsylvania may
also wish to ask why President Hoff
stot found himself unable to treat
with the representatives of the men,
through whom he could no doubt
have made himself intelligible to
them, when the men were willing to
discuss matters with the representa
tive of the company. President Hoff
stot stood on his dignity. It may
be a very beatiful, impressive digni
ty, but its temporary abandonment
might have saved the lives of eleven
men. Do his fellow citizens consider
that it was worth the price? How
did it happen that these patriotic
manufacturers were employing men
so ignorant of our language that the
transcendent merits of the “pooling”
system would not be explained to
them?
When even strikebreakers, whom
employers always make an effort to
conciliate, were dissatisfied with con
ditions, what does that fact indicate
about the treatment which the regu
lar workers probably received? These
are all fair questions under the cir
cumstances. It is to be hoped we
shall get a fair answer to them.
Workmen who “incite to riot” by
standing on street corners and har
ranguing crowds, are beaten on their
heads and thrown, with no great
ceremony, into jail, where they are
quite liable to be initiated into the
beauties of the “third degree” and
other mysteries of which they do say
his satanic majesty only wots in full.
Will such treatment peradventure
fall to the lot of the officers and su
perintendents of the Pressed Steel
Car Company if it shall transpire
that by their greed and injustice they
were the ones who brought on this
miserable affair?
L. D. HARDING.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist.
Address publisher, Humorist, St.
Louis, Mo. In ordering your read
ing matter, don’t fail to include the
Humorist.