PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
Troops and Night Riders.
The Ohio state troops were rushed to a
point twelve miles below Batavia, in Cler
mont county, to protect the tobacco growers
from the night riders, who had issued threats.
On the same day Governor Wilson, of Ken
tucky, asked the legislature to take prompt
action against the night riders.
Governor Honored by King.
The king of Italy honors Bay State gov
ernor. Governor Guild, of Massachusetts, has
received official notification from the Italian
authorities that the king of Italy has nomi
nated him a grand officer of the Crown of
Italy.
Steamer Sunk.
The British steamer Creswell, from New
York, February 21, for Hamburg, after hav
ing a collision with an unknown steamer, has
been sunk in the river Elbe.
Taft at Boston.
Secretary of War Taft and Senator Bur
ket, of Nebraska, were the chief guests of the
Republican Club, of Massachusetts, Tuesday,
and addressed a great gathering.
Nineteenth Victim.
The death of John G. Jenkins, Sr., makes
a total of nineteen persons who have died
as the result of recent financial troubles. Jen
kins died suddenly at his home at Seacliff,
Long Island, of apoplexy.
Alfonso Safe.
King Alfonso has returned jsafely from
Barcelona. Queen Victoria received him with
almost hysterical joy. Alfonso’s courage was
tried by his two days’ stay in the most tur
bulent anarchistic city in Spain.
Banker Gets Five Years.
Banker John R. Walsh, former president
of the Chicago National bank, has been de
nied a new trial and sentenced to serve five
years in the federal penitentiary at Ft. Leav
enworth.
Four Lynched in Mississippi.
As the result of a series of incendiary fires
causing losses in charcoal, foodstuffs and other
supplies, a lynching occurred in Mississippi,
at Van Cleave, twenty miles north of Biloxi,
Four negroes were Ivnclied by a mob of thirty
men.
Big ’Frisco Fire.
Three persons lost their lives, when a build
ing of the city and county almshouse burned.
One hundred and forty-one patients were re
moved with great difficulty.
Schmitz Released.
Judge Duncan, of San Francisco, issued an
order discharging former Mayor Schmitz and
directed that the case be submitted to an
other jury. Schmitz was released at once.
Kills Entire Family.
Warren McKay, a native of Canada, killed
his wife and three children, and then com
mitted suicide by taking poison.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Mail Car Robbed.
. A bandit boarded the mail car of the west
bound limited of the Great Northern railway
in Idaho, bound the two mail clerks and
robbed the mail car. The robbery was not
discovered until the. train reached Spokane,
Washington.
Negroes Shoot Drummers.
Two drummers, while traveling through
Kentucky, were shot from ambush by a party
of negroes. The jails at Dixon, Kentucky
and Henderson, Kentucky, are being guarded.
POPULIST NEWS.
Hon. John 0. Zabel, of Petersburg, Mich.,
who was national chairman of the People's
party club organization, has our sympathy
in his great bereavement, the death of his son,
Thurman, last month. Young Zabel was near
ly twenty-two years old, yvas in the second
year of the law department of the University
of Michigan. The Petersburg Sun in its ac
count of the young man’s death says: “He
entertained decided opinions concerning the
political and economic questions and had the
ability to present and courage to defend
them. Personally he yvas a lovable friend
and unfailing in courtesy and good felloyv'-
ship. ’ ’
Young Zabel yvas a true Populist and would
have been with us in the approaching cam
paign.
“Leaves have their time to fall,
Floyvers to wither at the north wind’s
breath,
And stars too, to set ; but all
Thou hast all seasons for thine own, Oh,
Death!”
—Mo, World.
O. P. PYLE PLEADS GUILTY TO ATTACK
ON NEILL AND IS FINED.
On Wednesday morning, March 11, before
Judge John L. Terrell, 0. P. Pyle, charged
with assault upon the person of President
D. I. Neill, of the Farmers’ Union, entered
a plea of guilty and received a fine to the
amount of $25 and costs. It will be remem
bered in connection with the trouble yvhich
occurred in the union headquarters in Fort
Worth, President Neill alleged he had been
attacked by 0. P. Pyle and George B. Latham,
of Dallas, publishers of the National Co-
Operator.
These men had come to Fort Worth in con
nection with the work of the union and the
paper. The Co-Operator was at the time the
official organ of the Farmers’ Union.
Colonel Pyle's plea of guilty came as a sur
prise, as it was expected he would fight the
case.
The suit against Mr. Latham went to trial,
the defendant claiming he yvas in no yvay
connected with the assault and did not strike
President Neill. The case was threshed out
all the morning and at noon court adjourned
until two o’clock, when it yvas resumed.
President Neill himself was on the stand,
having recovered sufficiently to allow him to
again be about his duties. The defense is
endeavoring to prove that Latham’s only con
nection with the trouble yvas in the role of
peacemaker.
Secretary Smith, of the Farmers’ Union,
yvas on the stand, but admitted he did not
see Latham strike Neill nor would he state
that Latham took part in the argument.
It yvas shown that there had been words
between President Neill and 0. P. Pyle at a
previous time in the office of the National Co-
Operator in Dallas, and that the meeting in
Fort Worth yvas to settle a difference yvhich
existed.
Secretary Smith in his - testimony told of
seeing Pyle pick up a paper yveight, but did
not see him use it upon President Neill.
The effort of the defense seems to be to
prove the defendant, Latham, played the role
of peacemaker, rather than aggressor, through
out the fracas and thereby secure his ac
quittal.—Exchange.
THE SOUTH IS BEHIND THIS BILL.
The effort that is being made to secure
protection from Congress for the Appalachian
forest noyv depends for its success in great
degree upon the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary of the House of Representa
tives as to the constitutionality of the bill.
If a favorable report on this point is made the
support', rs <f the measure confidently antici
pate that it yvill become law.
The South is vitally interested in this
project to save from spoliation the great
forest wealth of the Appalachian range. From
the Ohio si ver to the Gulf sentiment is solidly
back of the proposed legislation. These tim
ber resources are among our most important
assets. With the growing demand for timber,
and the rapidly decreasing supply in the
country, their value becomes practically
incalculable, and their conservation a problem
of national concern.
But it is not only the intrinsic worth of
the forests that makes the passage of this
bill so urgent in the minds of the far-seeing
people of the South. Apart from this phase
of the question there is the consideration
of the effect upon the agricultural interests
of the territory affected by the Appalachian
water supply, a matter of utmost concern,
as every student of climatology and the
science of stream and river flow with its
relation to the soil cannot fail to appreciate.
The denuding of the yvatersheds of trees
means that the rivers, streams and branches
will be most seriously affected. In many cases
it may result in a changing of their courses.
In spring it will create raging torrents, over
flowing the land and doing great damage. It
will lead to the erosion of the soil, the
filling up of streams noyv navigable with soil
yvashed down from the mountain sides, and
the necessity for dredging where no such
necessity now exists.