wrecks by it? Why have so many boys and
men owed their ruin to it?
Would the United States Government offi
cially warn the people against it, if nothing
hurtful was found in it?
AV ould the ladies of the W. C. T. U. pub
licly brand it with their condemnation, if it
was harmless?
The Baptist Standard went so far as to say
that Coca-Cola had proved to be one of the
most efficient aids of the temperance move
ment !
Money talks! And Asa has the money.
lat advertisements—what magicians they
are !
Here’s a Stalwart Editor
lii Carthage, Tennessee, lives and works a
/man after my own heart. SAMUEL J.
STOCK ARD, editor of The Smith County
A cws, has had the nerve to “go after” a cleri
cal missionary champion, and to do him up
in short order. No stronger statement of our
side of the Foreign Missions controversy has
yet been made: therefore we reproduce, else
where, Brother Stockard’s editorial.
Congressman Henry Ought to
Have Answered, That Cot
ton is Not Too High
Mr. Boutell, one of the Illinois Con
gressmen, made, last week, an aggressive
speech in favor of the Payne-Aldrich tariff.
Mr. Henry, of Texas, mixed in; and as the
subject under debate was high prices, Mr.
Boutell shot at Mr. Henry the question:
‘•/ts 4 cotton too high?” Henry hesitated,
stammered, and went down amid the up
roarious derisive laughter of the Republicans.
And yet, to answer, is so easy.
We dont sell cotton to foreign countries
cheaper than we do at home. We have to
meet in the open markets of the world the
competing crops of Egypt, India and Rus
sian Asia. Consequently, the price is fixed,
naturally— the shortage in the supply ac
counting for the advance in price.
But the Steel Trust sells its products
abroad, at lower prices than at home, —clear-
ing more than 30 per cent, profit on those for-
A Business Statement and
Request
Dear Brethren and Sisters—Readers
of PLAIN TRUTH:
Please give me your attention one
page. I have given thirty-five of the
best years of my life to the cause of
religion as believed by Baptists. In
the main most of them have been
good to me; and I have no cause to
complain of them as a whole. Some
called Baptists have persecuted me
for the truth’s sake, but I can freely
impute it to their ignorance and for
give them.
I am only fifty-two years old now,
and so far as mentality and spiritual
interest are concerned am stronger
than ever in life; but as some of
you know I had the misfortune to get
crippled in my feet nine years ago,
and this, while in no way affecting
my mental and spiritual activities,
does hinder much physical activity.
1 have not walked a step in nine
years without pain, and can never
hope to be my physical self again.
But my mind and heart are just as
much in the work as ever, and I
hope to be of some use many years
to come.
I expect to get old some time, and
when I do I will Jbe a cripple, and
unfitted for the physical activities of
the ministry I love.
And so I have begun the publica
tion of this Magazine and intend to
work through its pages, if I live,
after I have become unfitted for
much active work. It is my purpose
to write my thoughts for it and so
eign sales. Consequently, the home price is
outrageously too high. In fact, it is robbery.
The Harvester Trust makes large profits on
goods sold abroad, the foreign price being 35
per cent, less than that exacted in the United
States.
Therefore, the home prices are extortion
ate.
I he same thing is true of all other manu
facturers, to whom the tariff gives a monop
oly of the home market.
7 he Steel Trust makes a larger net profit.
EVERT TEAR, than all the millions of cot
ton-growers ever made, zLVT YEAR. 9
It is astonishing and mortifying, that a
Congressman from the cotton belt should not
be able to knock out a shallow declaimer,
when-he asks so simple a question as that
which stumped Mr. Henry.
The First American King
Writing to President Taft, a few days ago,
protesting against the pardoning of one of
the Big Criminals who was sentenced to the
penitentiary, I warned him that this country
was much nearer a revolution than those in
High Places imagine.
And it is. The signs of profound social
unrest multiply on every side. Even the rich
'are discontented with present conditions.
Prom the lowest ranks to the highest comes
the cry, “There must be a change!”
In the meanwhile, study the evolution of
one-man control. Notice how republican
forms are yielding to Caesarian pressure, as
they did in the time of the mighty Julius, and
his crafty nephew.
In those days, militarism opened the road
to empire. Today, it is Money.
And who has worked, year in and year out.
—sometimes at home, as Caesar did; some
times going to Gaul as Caesar did; sometimes
to Britain, as Caesar did— until, at length, his
teas the. colossal overshadowing figure, and
his voice, THE LAW?
Morgan, J. P. Morgan—railroad “reorgan
izer”, electric power-site grabber. Steel Trust
creator, bond-issue robber, panicmaker devil,
who within a few hours paralyzed industry
and threw out of employment three million
bread-winners!
Here is our Caesar—and he has come to
stay, if it be true, as Jay Gould said, that
continue to preach with my pen after
my old feet are too weak to carry my
body around.
I have with me now six children;
they are to care for and educate.
Two of them are nearly grown, the
others small. The boys are setting
the type for the Magazine. A pastor’s
salary is always a bare living and so
if I do anything for my children it
must be outside of my income as a
preacher. lam pastor of one of the
best churches I ever served; they
treat me as well as heart could wish,
pay enough to live on and pay it
promptly. lam concerned about the
boys. You have ambition for your
children; I have for mine.
Now for the BUSINESS state
ment: I desire to purchase a print
ing plant, large enough to print this
Magazine and do a line of general
job printing. I wish to do this so
the boys can do the work, save the
5-COLOR CATALOG NOW READY—Let Us Mail You a Copy TODAY
By all means get this valuable FREE Book before buying your Vehicle or Harness. It is the
1 / most complete Vehicle Catalog ever published: full of valuable information and worth at least
$20.00 to every vehicle user. It fully describes over 150 styles of Vehicles, Wagons and Har
/TX neSS ’ at prices which save you $20.00 to $40.00.
BSSIBP i/A "* CUT HERE AND MA,L TODAY —— lll
XTX iR Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Station No. 1,
A\ / jC] 156-166 Edgewood Ave., Atlanta, Ga.
;AJ\\ I Gentlemen : Please mail me, postpaid, your new 5-color 106- page catalog.
V// \ y Name County
Post Office x R.F.D. No
15b* 3*ff*r«onlan
money I now pay others to do it, and
have tire means of earning something
for themselves, as well learn a good
trade. Such an office will cost me at
least SBOO.OO.
1 do not ask you to give me a
penny on it. But Ido ask this of
each subscriber to Plain Truth: Will
you not kindly try to get two cash
subscribers each to this Magazine?
If you will take the copy you have
and show it to a few of your neigh
bors, tell them what it is and show
them this page, I am sure they will
gladly take it. If you will be kind
enough to do this, and send the
money to me, it will enable me to
buy the plant I want and they will
get full value for their money. Then
my cash outlay for the paper will be
paper and ink only, and as this is
comparatively light I can carry it all
right, and at the year’s end all will
have their money’s worth and my
they can hire one-half of the people to shoot
the other. To escape from the tyranny and
the rapacity of the vast, all-powerful system
of which Morgan is the Commander-in-Chief.
I see no prospect whatever— unless we still
believe. that it is not wicked to fake up arms
to resist tyrants.
Morgan’s creatures fill the President's Cab
inet: his agents are assigned to missions and
ambassadorships. If an appointee, obeying
Taft’s orders, makes speeches, Morgan de
mands his official head, and gets it—after
which a Morgan tool is named for the va
cancy.
Morgan wanted a share in the Chinese
loaiu Mr. Taft and Pennsylvania Railroad
Knox ’’persuade the Macy-Hawley syndicate
to get out of Morgan's way; and Taft himself
telegraphs to the Chinese Government that it
will be a personal favor to him if a share of
the loan is allotted to Morgan. Thus our
President himself acts as financial agent of
the irresistible Morgan.
Poor little Nicaragua ! She isn't nearly so
large as the State of Georgia: and'her popu
lation. (counting negroes, hybrids and degen
erates.) is less than fifty thousand. European
adventurers and blood-suckers had loaded
Nicaragua with debts to the amount of ten
million dollars.
On account of the Monroe Doctrine, the
Europeans could not readily make poor little
Nicaragua pay up. So, they transfer the
claims to the Morgan crowd: and immedi
ately our Government gets busy. A tremen
dous. made-to-order fuss is kicked up, be
cause two Americans (Groce and Cannon,)
have paid with their lives the penalty always
meted out in just such cases; and our battle
ships are hurried to the scene—for what pur
pose? Professedly, to avenge the two Ameri
cans; but, really, to collect those debts due by
Nicaragua to the Morgan gang.
He dictated your tariff law, your bond
issue. your Aldrich-Vreeland bill. He was
deep in that $40,000,000 Panama Canal steal:
he brought about the Gohl Standard and the
Gold Reserve.
More than any one man. he is responsible
for the dreadfid condition in which the coun
try finds itself—a condition mainly due to
Morgan legislation, which robs the many and
enriches the few.
He is THE FIRST AMERICAN KING.
boys will have converted their labor
into a good plant which they can use
indefinitely.
This issue goes to every subscriber
to The Baptist Mission Bulletin, and
will be sent in place of the Bulletin,
which has been discontinued, and the
list turned over to me to carry out
contracts, which I shall try to do
faithfully.
I respectfully request each one to
aid me in the effort to increase the
number of subscribers, as above re
quested and thus help me as well as
the cause for which we labor.
Thanking each one who helps in
advance, and wishing all a happy and
prosperous New Year, I am
Your brother in the work,
J. A. SCARBORO.
Magnolia, Ark.
When writing to advertisers please
mention The Jeffersonian.
PAGE THIRTEEN