statesman, John Randolph. Neither Glad
stone nor Disraeli had any talent for private
business. Mirabeau and Gambetta were with
out it. Curran and Grattan were woefully
deficient in that regard; and so were Broug
ham, Fox and Sheridan.
How much of a business proposition was
Daniel Webster? Or Henry Clay ? Or
Thomas H. Benton? Or Sergeant S. Pren
tiss.? Or Alexander H. Stephens? Or Ben
jamin IT. Hill?
Coming down from the sublime to the ri
diculous, how much business ability has Sen
ator John Sharp Williams?
(Here's where I jump off.)
The People Had to Bury Lon
Livingston's Nephew
Lucien Davidson was a grand-nephew of
Congressman Lon Livingston. Both the lad
and his mother had been in Government po
sitions—secured for them by the Congress
man—but Lucien was not in the employment
of the Government at the time of his death.
Tn the 52nd and 53rd Congresses he had
been a page; but he failed to get the place
again in the 54th Congress. He was not con
nected with the public service in any way at
the time he died.
I et, Lon Livingston, who ran for office as
a Reformer and who owed his election to the
Farmers' Alliance, 7m<7 his nephew's funeral
expenses charged up to the people.
The boy’s mother was drawing a salary,
and his uncle had his $5,000 per year —to say
nothing of perquisites and side-lines.
But Lon wasn’t willing to defray the cost
of his nephew’s burial, and he made the Gov
ernment foot the bill—which was $450.
Just how much the old rascal had to
tickle the Republican members of the Appro
priations Committee, in order to persuade
them to tickle 7/m, to the extent of that $450
—you can imagine. It was a thoroughly Liv
ingston ian Iran suction.
Is the Democratic Party Coming,
Or Going?
Ransacking a drawer, to find a certain pa
per, I came upon the Platform which the
Democrats of Georgia adopted in 1892.
That’s “quite a few” years back; but I want
to quote from the document, in order that
you may have something to go by in deciding
whether the Rock-ribbed and Unterrified are
going forward or backward.
Tn 1892, Populism was abroad in the land:
nobody could tell what might happen: the
new movement had the moss-backs scared.
So, then, in May, 1892, when the patriots
met in Atlanta to shape the Democratic plat
form they had to pay attention to the weath
er-gauge.
Os course, the first declaration made in the
document which they finally agreed on, ex
pressed with force and fervor their patriotic
“devotion to the time-honored principles of
our historic party”. Then followed a gen
eral avowal of civic virtue; and an undying
belief in States’ Rights, Rigid Economy,
Honesty, Sobriety and good public behavior
in all branches of the Government. Public
office was solemnly declared to be a solemn
public trust.
(2) The patriots declared their unshake
able faith in the soundness of the doctrine
that public business should be managed as
carefully and economically as private busi
ness.
(3) That the use of the power of taxation
for any other purpose than that of supplying
the State or the nation “with absolute neces
sities, is dishonest and tyrannical”.
(4) That “a surplus in the treasury is a
glittering prize”, to be sought after by those
who need it in their business.
(5) That “we”, the patriots, are uncom-
Jeffersonian.
promisingly opposed to the further encroach
ings and centralization of Federal power.
(6) That we must not and will not allow
Force Bills, and si ch.
(7) That we are vehemently opposed to
governmental ownership of telegraphs and
railroads, because- it would bring into our
midst an army of spies, informers and Fed
eral office-holders. However, we favor “rigid,
honest, just control”—over such men as the
Vanderbilts, the Morgans and the Goulds.
(8) We demand, we positively demand
the “free and unlimited”—you know the rest.
(9) We demand that that 10 per cent, tax
on State banks be repealed—not because we
expect it, but because we’ve got to appear to.
(10) We demand that the currency be in
creased to meet the needs of the people—
leaving it to Morgan & Co. to say how much,
if any.
(11) We demand that Congress put an end
to gambling in futures.
(12) We believe in equal rights for all
and special privileges to none, and therefore
demand :
“a. That our national legislation shall be so
framed in the future as to not build up one Indus,
try at the expense of another.
“b. We regard as the most important issue be
fore the people a reform of the present iniquitous
tariff and we-demand a removal of the existing
heavy tariff tax from the necessities of life, that
the poor of our land must have.
“c. We further demand a just and equitable
system of graduated tax on income.
“d. We beli&ve that the money of the country
should be kept as much as possible in the hands
of the people, and hence we demand that all na
tional and State revenue shall be limited to the
necessary expenses of the Government economi
cally and honestly administered.
“14. We demand retrenchment and reform in
the expenditure of national revenues, especially
a correction of the present pension system, which
rests like a mammoth war tax on our section of
the Union.
“15. We therefore, in a spirit of mutual con
cession, offer this, our platform, to the Democracy
of Georgia, and pray that a divine Providence
may incline our hearts to wisdom, justice and
moderation.’’
(When Mr. Garrard finished reading the paper
it was unanimously adopted in the midst of wild
and long continued applause.)
Can you blame the people for having been
deceived by Platforms of that kind?
It took the wind out of the Populist sails,
completely. All the Southern conventions of
1892 were equally astute —and I may add,
unscrupulous.
You have seen the Promise: now what was
the Performance? The Democratic party
captured the Government —President, Senate
and House—and did exactly the opposite of
what it had declared to be its purpose.
Instead of free and unlimited coinage of
silver, an extra-session was called to shut the
mints, and cut off the amount we were get
ting under the Sherman law.
A highly protective tariff was passed,
which left heavy burdens on the necessaries
of life which the poor must have to live.
Not an effort was made to increase the cir
culating medium, nor to repeal the 10 per
cent, tax on State banks.
Instead of the checking of Federal en
croachments, the United States soldiers were
sent to invade Illinois, and sent over the pro
test of her Democratic Governor.
And where is the party now? Is it march
ing, or retreating? going, or coming?
Winning a Soul With a Gold
Watch
Rev. C. H. Carpenter was a Baptist preach
er. Also, a foreign missionary. In 1886, he
published a book, under the title of “Mission
Economics”. I never heard of Carpenter or
his book, until last year. Brother J. A. Scar
boro, as I remember, called my attention to
the work. To my surprise, I found that the
whole of the volume was devoted to an elab
orate exposure of the unscriptural methods
that had taken possession of the foreign field.
On page 88, the Rev. Carpenter cites the
case of a native of India whom the Catholics
had “converted”, and made into a Bishop.
The man had much influence among his peo
ple, and the Protestants went to work on
him. They knew that many natives would
come trooping after the Bishop, if the Bishop
would flop.
He understood the situation fairly well,
and he soon gave evidence of being open to
conviction. The Protestant missionaries con
tinued to labor with him, and he let them un
derstand that he was wavering.
At that critical moment, the missionaries
appropriated’ a certain amount of the mission
funds to purchase a handsome gold watch.
THEY THEN MADE A GIFT OF SAID
WATCH TO THE BISHOP.
Whereupon he flopped. Gentlemen of the
jury, that transaction is typical of this whole
modern system —a system not warranted by
the Bible, and reeking with unworthy prac
tices.
Did You Ever Hear Tell of The
tus jy. Sims?
The law allows Congressmen a goodly num
ber of Soft Snaps. They get Ten Cents a
Mile for perambulating to and from Wash
ington, which under existing conditions they
can do at Three Cents per. Formerly they
paid nothing at all, saving and excepting
what they coughed up when the Pullman
Porter fixed his Basilisk Eyes On Them.
Then they have a Secretary at SIOO per
month, all the year round. Besides which,
they draw $l5O to cover supposed cost of pen,
ink and paper. Moreover, they can appoint
members of their families to various positions
of emolument and dignity. There are Jeff
Davis from Arkansas, and Flernando Money
from Mississippi, for instance— they landed
their entire families on Uncle Sam's pay-roll,
simply because it was good form to do so.
They all do it, more or less.
Then, again, they can stamp their names on
stuff, and it goes through the mails without
paying postage. This is known as the Frank
ing Privilege—and a very dear thing it is to
the official heart. It is worth Big Money to
the Congressmen, and to the other Big Bugs
who enjoy it.
When Mr. Taft was nothing but a mere
Secretary of War. he sent his automobile all
the way to San Francisco and back, under
the Franking Privilege. He was ong root to
the Philippines, and it popped into his mind
that he might need his auto in the city of the
Golden Gate. Like the woman who bought
the grindstone at an auction, on the hypothe
sis that occasion to use it was within the
range of human possibilities, the genial Taft
ordered his auto from Washington to San
Francisco. But it so happened that the ma
chine was not needed: and the Government
hauled it back to Washington, again. Free
of charge to Taft, mind you.
Do you wonder that there is a deficit *in the
Postoffice Department, when automobiles,
pianos, house furniture, typewriting ma
chines, wearing apparel, etc., are sent through
the mails under the Franking Privilege?
The original intent of the law as to print
ing and distributing speeches was that an ad
dress, actually delivered in Congress, or of
ficial reports made to it, should be printed at
public expense, and a reasonable number of
copies furnished, free of charge.
The law never contemplated that harangues
delivered by Tafts and Joe Cannons, outside
of Congress, should be printed by the million,
at the expense of the taxpayers. It was a fla
grant violation of the spirit of the law to
make the people pay for the Winona speech
of Mr. Taft and the Kansas City harangue
of old Joe Cannon.
Likewise it is an outrageous abuse of the
law 7 and the Franking Privilege to have
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE