PARTY LINES GONE; TIME FOR NEW
PARTY.
What will the Independence Party do?
What will develop from the movement to
create a new National party? Will it become,
in fact, a party representing national desires
and ideals, or will it quickly die because it
merely represents personal ambitions or sec
tional aims?
The country progresses in its politics as it
does in everything else. A new party is not
born every day, nor is a volcano; but there
are life and activity beneath apparent calm
and unchangableness, and in due time the
changes come. Many Persons believe that
such a change is coming now —that it is occur
ring at this moment. Republicans think they
are still Republicans, and Democrats cling
to the thing they call Democracy; but, in
fact, many Republicans and Democrats are
neither one nor the other, but something else
which has no name. They are changed, some
of them radically and some of’ them con
servatively, with a thousand shade's of dif
ference; but all are changed. They are really
seeking new alliances, almost without know
ing it. They reject what they do not want,
even if it is in their own party; and they
find themselves embracing new doctrines
coming from parties that they oppose. Thus
the party lines are fading and Republicans
and Democrats find themselves in strange beds
and among strange companions.
From the chaotic intermingling of parties
and policies it is probable that at least one
new and strong party will arise, represent
ing the composite desires of the progressive
element of the old parties.
The new party will not be as radical as
some individuals within, but they will join
it because it gives hope of accomplishing
something; and others will join it because it
will be national and sectional in its scope.
Whatever the principal aim of the new party
may be in its inception, it will broaden into
a party that speaks for the United States
as a nation, here and abroad among the
nations; either it will do this or it will not
live.
The immensity of the United states, its
place among the nations and the glory of its
immediate future are matters which are not
comprehended, apparently, by any existing
party. The reasons which give the older
parties their existence have gone. The reason
for a new party that will represent the nation
in its upward strides as a world-shadowing
power —this reason is becoming more appar
ent daily. As soon as any new organization
reveals that it stands for the unity and power
of the United States as a nation; that it
intends to deal with questions affecting the
nation as a unit, and that it will deal with
these questions from the standpoint of eter
nal truth and right, rather than temporary
party or personal advantage—at that mo
ment a new party will he born. —The Wash
ington Post.
The taxdodger is always a resourceful geni
us. One of them in Pennsylvania has just
hanged himself to escape the assessment. —
Fort Worth Record.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Every day it is growing more likely that
the Bryan band wagon will come away from
Denver in the capacity of an ambulance.
It has been estimated that congress costs
the country several hundred dollars a minute
for every minute the body is in session. Upon
that basis of calculation several battleships
have already been destroyed during the pres
ent session.
TWO HUNDRED
P FOWLS IN COLORS ~
WHALTHE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
✓"COLORED Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys, Ducks and Geese will appear in the
American Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these
by subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if you tell your
friends about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the
cut P r ' ce a year. • You probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
It is known everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper in the United States and havingthe larg
est circulation, 60,000 monthly. We spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
best. * For two years we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly
$5,000.00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of
poultry, turkeys, ducks and geese been pictured in colors and assembled in one harmonious
series of illustrations. Poultrymen have wanted and demanded these for years, but no other
Poultry Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although
the demand from poultrymen for colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the
American Poultry Association will have colored pictures of fowls in the Standard some time in
the future. r Send in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that you
■ will secure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
American Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111.
The Road to Success
is strewn with lost time and wasted energy. The Bell Tel
ephone will save you both Time and Energy.
It is an economical necessity in the office and home. We
have various classes of service at small cost.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
I
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
9
888888888888
King’s Cotton Seed Sold
The “Little Giant” On 9 MONTHS’TIME
in Earliness and Productiveness prooe what It will
DO on TOUR LAND
jM --- - - ■ ■- -
The "Genuine Ring” Seed, t ite for Application Blanks
di red: from the originator’s hands in and Full Particulars.
North Carolina, produced double as much as other kinds, as the testimony given
below proves. Now Let Us Show You What it will do For YOU.
Tha ffConulna Mr - t - W- H °USE, of Texas, says: The King will produce double as much as others, u In
lllu llullUlllu Mb. A. A. WILLIAMS, oiGeorgia, says: The King planted same time on same land II vllBlII 10
KlnirU Rniihlorf with same manure and cultivation is twice as good as others. Uinll
nlllg UUuUIUu Mr. J. D. KOGERS, Texas, says: 1 will get twice as much from King as from others. UO 3$ noil
tllS Ylbldi M *' A ’th 0 ofTexas, says: I will make 3 times as much from King as from YOU
Get ou booklet of proven facts and latest Testimonials. Consider what only 25 per cent, increase will mean I
for you -10 bales instead of 8. or 14 cts. instead of 11 cts.; and ALL this EXTRA MONEY is PROFIT.
Address, T. J. KING CO., Richmond, Va.
Polities may be a game of chance, but this
year Mr. Bryan will find it hard work to con
vince the rank and file of his party that he
has a chance to win.
—I- - \
One thing that is retarding the woman suf
frage movement is the fear that the granting
of the ballot will be followed by a demand for
recognition of woman as a political spell
binder.
PAGE FIFTEEN