“Strengthened and solidified by the discip
line of defeat, disdainful of bombast, secure
in the knowledge of an invinciple power to re
store to the nation its higher heritage of free
dom, the forces of Populism are coming to
gether. The scattered return to the ancient
fold. The veterans of many a campaign are
coming back, bearing with them recruits from
our finest young manhood.
“Mississippi has indorsed the national tick
et. All along the line reports ‘are coming in
that prove that Populism is putting on its
strength.’ That it is rejoicing as a strong
man to run a race. We never saw an athletic
contest or any other trial of might that began
with much noise on the part of those who
participated. It’s the grimness of silent de
termination that West Virginia is
putting the sph .did spirit of her best men into
the cause. Last week the party completed its
organization, under the masterly leadership of
Mr. Jay W. Forrest, prefatory to nominating
a full state ticket. Candidates for congress
will also be put into the field. Alabama and
other Southern States are drawing out theii
full strength for Jeffersonian principles.
“Let our people come into their own again.
Noise, shouting, brass bands and sky-rockets
mean little; they intimidate nobody. It is the
man who has the courage of his own convic-
Jeffersonian Premiums
HOW TO GET UP A CLUB: Get the people
interested. Give them an opportunity to read
the paper. When they have read it, they will
know for themselves that it is the best paper
in the country.
Write down the names and addresses of your
friends who are not already subscribers, and
send them to us. We will send a sample copy
of the paper to each name by return mail.
Within a few days call upon the persons and
tell them the sample was sent at your request,
and they can then easily be induced to sub
scribe.
If preferred, the samples will be sent to you
to distribute personally. Personal and per
sistent solicitation is the great secret of suc
cess. “It’s dogged as does it.”
Send your names in at any time —even if you
have only one —and state what premium you
are working for. We will acknowledge receipt
and when you have obtained enough subscrip
tions you can claim the premium.
OUR PREMIUMS: Every article offered is
the best that can be procured for the money.
It is not our purpose to make a profit on these
premiums. We have figured the cost as low
as possible, and offer them for the least num
ber of subscriptions that we can.
RENEWALS: Renewals count the same as
new subscribers.
Moral Contest of the Populists
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tions; the man who has unselfishness and fear
lessness in his makeup, who is quietly aligning
himself with the Jeffersonians for the
mightiest moral contest the world has ever
seen ’ ’ —Jeffersonian.
And yet, in the State of Washington, where
there are thousands of Populists, who are scat
tered hither and thither, there seems to be but
little prospect at this writing of a Watson-
Williams ticket being put up in this state.
But we can do the next best thing, we can
vote the Republican ticket and help beat
‘ 1 Bryan, Turner & Co., ’ ’ the conspirators, with
their rabble “Pop apostates.” This will be
the next best thing to do. If we cannot elect
any patriotic men, we can at least do our best
to defeat traitors. We have our ballots left
in our hands, and our own self-respect to
maintain, and our own intelligence cannot be
insulted, nor can we be cajoled into stultifying
ourselves by joining in the chorus of discord
comprising the “Bryanite Brigade,” made up
of political Pinkertons, poltroons, self-seekers,
moral nondescripts, swindle-taxers, character
less, whispering bo-peeps, self-seeking political
vagrants. Full of flare glare and stupid
pomposity, paraded in the name of patriotism,
and promoted and stimulated by low cunning
in secret, and a staggering attitude in
public, they are, in the eyes of those who know
SUBSCRIPTION RATES: Jeffersonian Maga
,_2lineK £1 peg. year; Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per
year;> ’ $ ! '
No premium allowed .on subscriptions for
less than one year.
Premiums for 15 Magazine Sub
scriptions, or 10 Weekly
Subscriptions
Webster’s Imperial Dictionary, unabridged.
This is a ten dollar dictionary, well printed,
well bound, nearly 2,000 pages, with several
thousand illustrations, tables, colored plates
and engravings. It is at once a dictionary and
an encyclopedia.
Old Mission Pendulum Clock, 8-day move
ment, cathedral gong. The case and dial are
of solid oak, with brass figures, hands and
pendulum bulb. A guarantee by the manufac
turers insures its absolute reliability as a time
piece. Its rich artistic beauty will enhance the
decorative effect of any home.
Dinnerr Set, 47 pieces. These are genuine,
high-grade, expensive dishes of semi-porcelain,
with beautiful French decorations and gold
edges. Each piece is full size for everyday
use. You will be surprised and pleased when
you see the set.
Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscrip
tions, or 5 Weekly Subscriptions
Breakfast Set, 31 pieces. Very handsome.
Red Letter Student’s Bible. Flexible leather
them, a laughingstock; a Falstaffian mob
marshaled by George Turner, the Jack Falstaff
of the mob; whilst Bob Bridges brings up the
rear as “Honest lago,” the unblushing mon
strosity that he is, "who plays the role of the
“honest Orilla Farmer.” “The Patriarch”
will keep the Populist banner in sight, if
nothing more, as it will be a menace to the
black flag of the pirates. No “flag of truce”
will ever disgrace our masthead seeking terms
with the piratical “Bryanite Brigade” of the
State of Washington. A mongrel cur will
lick the hand that smites him, but a “through
bred” will fight to the last. As Tom Watson
so truthfully says: “It is the man who has
the courage of his own convictions, the man
who has unselfishness and fearlessness in his
makeup, who is quietly aligning himself with
The Jeffersonian for the mightiest moral con
test the world has ever seen.”—The Patri
arch, July 25.
NEAR-HEARST VOTES.
“Hearst will, of course, get some votes,”
says the Appomattox Times. This is a piece
of news to us, as we did not know that Mr.
Hearst was a candidate for an office at this
time.—Clifton Forge Review.
Can’t a man run by proxy if he’s got the
price ?
covers, red under gold edges; contains 16 pic
tures of the Holy Land, 12 maps, and helps
for the study of the Bible. The words of.
Christ are printed in bold red type.
Egyptian Ebony Mantel Clock. A beautiful
ornament and a reliable timepiece.
Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscrip
tions, or 3 weekly Subscriptions
Dixie Cook Book: This is a twentieth century
guide to new dishes and old ones. It is an
encyclopedia of household affairs.
Practical Farming and Gardening: In these
days, when “rule of thumb” has given way to
scientific work, we all have much to learn.
This is a modern, up-to-date book. The retail
price of it is $3.
Ever-Ready Safety Razor: Don’t wait for
barber, but shave yourself. Complete outfit,
You can shave yourself in five minutes.
Old-Fashioned Razor: This is for the good,
old-fashioned folks. It is a handsome $3 razor,
made of the best English steel, mounted in- a
carved white bone handle.
NEXT WEEK we will offer other premiums,
and we will appreciate suggestions from our
subscribers on this subject. Tell us what you
want and we will tell you how many subscrip
tions it will take to get it.
PAGE THREE