A Defender of Brantley
My Dear Sir:—lt was not my in
tention to engage in a newspaper
controversy with you, nor did I ex
pect my letter to be published and
your reply made through the col
umns of the Jeffersonian. It was
intended in more of a personal na
ture and as one seeking light. It is
true it was not marked “confiden
tial, ’ yet I deemed it unnecessary.
But since you treated it as a pub
lic communication, I am unwilling
to let the matter rest where it is
without further explanation.
I think you have treated me un
fairly in denominating me “a cham
pion of the Lumber Trust.’’ Use was
made of that organization simply
for the purpose of my question. It
might have been as well to have said
the “Steel Corporation,’’ or the Su
gar Trust or any other organization
formed for the purpose of maintain
ing prices of any commodity. I am
not a champion of any trust, nor do
I, in the main, sympathize with
them in any particular. The point
I desired to emphasize was that so
long as this country is under a pro
tective tariff I want the same pro
tection thrown around our Southern
industries that the North enjoys. I
want our lumber and iron and most
of all, cotton, fully protected against
the assaults upon them made by the
Northern manufacturer. What jus
tice is there in placing a heavy im
port duty on cotton ties and bagging,
which are manufactured in the
North, for the purpose of taxing the
Southern farmer and making the
cost of marketing his cotton a great
deal more, while Egyptian cotton
with ties and bagging around it, ad
mitted duty free? Using the same
illustration, why should the pro
ducers of the South be heavily taxed
upon all articles they have to buy
and then be forced to sell -what they
produce in a free trade market? Can
any industry survive under such
treatment?
What would be the use of the
South endeavoring to maintain its
commercialism under such condi
tions?
I, like you, am a Free Trader
upon principle, but as before stated,
I am not a free trader for the South
and a protectionist for the North. I
favor the removal of all tariff upon
the necessities of life and thus en
able the laboring class to buy at the
least possible cost, reducing their
living expense to a minimum. Rev
enue should be raised by a heavy im
port duty on the luxuries, thus forc
ing the wealth of the country to
maintain the Government, as it
should properly do. An income tax,
an inheritance tax and a stamp tax
on every conveyance of stocks or
bonds and every conveyance of real
estate over and above a fixed amount,
to my mind would be an ideal meth
od of raising revenue for the support
of the Government.
My first letter was inspired by
your attack upon Hon. W. G. Brant
ley for his vote favoring an import
duty on lumber, while you main
tained a discreet silence when Mr.
Brantley made one of the ablest
speeches in Congress urging an im
port duty on cotton. His attitude
during the consideration of the tariff
bill was consistent. He was ever on
the alert and maintained a zealous
guard over the interests of the neo-
pie of Georgia, and when he saw the
gross injustice that was being prac
ticed upon us he made violent pro
test. In a conversation with one of
the most prominent politicians of our
State I asked him the same question
put to you, viz.: the difference be
tween the Farmers’ Union and the
so-called Lumber Trust. His reply
was, “There is probably five hun
dred saw-mill men and fifty-three
thousand farmers in Georgia.’’
When Mr. Brantley was urging a
protective tariff on cotton, why did
you not belabor him and insinuate
he had sold or gone over to the Re
publicans? Is it possible that the
fifty-three thousand farmers of the
State deterred you! It was that cir
cumstance, Mr. Watson, that prompt
ed me to ask that you be fair to our
Southern representatives. Hon. A.
O. Bacon, than whom there is none
abler in the Senate, delivered an
earnest and inspiring plea that jus
tice be done the South and the in
dustries of the South, and instead of
commending him you insert an edi
torial asking the question, “Is Ba
con a Republican?’’ You formulated
a black-list of Democratic Congress
men who voted against the recom
mendation of Leader Champ Clark,
and almost in the same issue went
into ecstacies over an opportunity
that the Democratic Senators had of
going into a combine w’ith Cummins
and LaFollette and other Republican
Senators and revising the tariff ac
cording to the notion of those Repub
licans. Did you always cast your
vote in accordance with the Demo
cratic caucus when you were in Con
gress? If it was right for you to
follow the dictates of your con
science, why cannot the present
members exercise the same privi
lege?
You ask if I am not now estopped
from complaining about the platform
adopted by the Democratic party at
Denver. I was not heard in the
making of that platform, as you were
not. I am not a politician. But I
am a loyal friend and when I saw
you placing Mr. Brantley in a false
light, in my feeble ability attempted
to defend him.
When you wrote your platform
last year why did you not in plain
language favor putting cotton on the
free list? And now’ answer this:
Are you in favor of placing cotton
Self-Sharpening Shears FREE
■- -—•-** f \
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will, if requested at the time, mail this handsome pair of patent tension,
self-sharpening shears, 8 inches long, made of the finest sieel and beautifully finished.
On each dollar subscriptiion you can have your choice of the Watson knife or these shears, and if you subscribe
for both Jeffersonians, paying two dollars,we will, on request, send both premiums.
Cbe Seffersontan
on the free list, while ties and bag
ging and other necessities of the
farmer are on the protected list?
I trust you will give this the same
publicity you did the former letter
of mine. This in justice to me.
Yours very truly,
W. F. WAY.
Moultrie, Ga., June 1, 1909.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Special Summer Rates.
This announcement is. particularly
interesting to you, if you expect to
enroll in a business college at an
early date, because it will give you
an opportunity to attend one of the
famous chain of thirty business col
leges conducted by Prof. Jno. F.
Draughon, at less than the usual
rates, either for a Life Scholarship
in Bookkeeping, Shorthand. Type
writing, etc., or for a special three
months’ course in Bookkeeping, or
Shorthand and Typewriting, or a spe
cial six months’ course in a combina
tion of these.
You probably know’ that now is
the best time to begin your course,
so that you will be through by the
early part- of fall, just when there
will be so many fine positions from
which you can make your selection.
There is no question but that
Draughon’s Practical Business Col
leges have more strong endorsements
from bankers and business men gen
erally than all the other business col
leges in the South.
Because of the excellent equip
ment, superior courses of study, ex
pert teachers, and the high standing
of these colleges with the leading
business men of the country, their
graduates are placed in better posi
tions than students from other busi
ness colleges.
Draughon’s colleges give a ositive
guarantee of a good position under
very reasonable conditions.
For free clothbound illustrated
catalogue, guarantee contract and
special proposition, address Arthur C.
Minter, Supt. Draughon’s Practical
Business College, Atlanta, Ga.
ADDITIONAL CAMPAIGN CON-
TRIBUTIONS.
M. F. Simpson, Dixie, Ga SI.OO
B. H. Brown, Rt. 1. Flowery
Branch, Ga 1.00
H. A. Florence, Odessadaie, Ga. 1.90
R. M. Graham, Huntington, Tex. 1.00
P. H. Larey, Shawnee, Johnson
County, Kansas 50
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Summer SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction
offered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to
meet the special needs of pupils with deficiencies. Splendid advantages for
those desiring to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing
special coaching and preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading
Southern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and
girls. Board $8 to $12.50 per month. For catalog and full information address
Claude Gray, President. Locust Grove, Ga.
Sample copies of the Jeffersonians
will be furnished free to all who will
distribute them among their neigh
bors.
READ THIS BOOK
The Cause of Our Financial Pan
ics, and How They May be Averted.
By S. Fourtner. Worth its weight in
gold. Price 25 cents. Address
People’s Protective Association
P. O. Box 87, Seattle, Wash.
Both men and women can make
money with us. Free admittance.
Particulars 2-cent stamp. Texas
Prospectors’ Association, Dallas, Tex.
Wonderful New Invention
Post card photos taken and finished anywhere, by
anyone. Experience in photography not neces
sary. $5.00 to SIO.OO a day made easy; complete
outfit ready for business $25.00; cash $5.00 balance
C. O. D. Order at once.
WILLYERD & PAUSCH, “F
zjld
DON’T SEND ME A CENT.
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred-thousand pairs of the Dr. Haux
famous “Perfect Vision” Spectacles to genuine,
bona-fide apectacle-wearers, in the neit few
weeks—on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on your
own eyes, no matter how weak they may be,
read the finest print in your bible with them
on. thread the smallest eyed needle you can
get hold of and put them to any test you like
m your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and
ejsitively convinced that they are really and
uly the softest, clearest and best-fitting
flasses you have ever had on your eyes and if
hey honestly make you see just as well as you
ever did in your younger days you can keep
them forever without a cent of pay and
JUST DO ME A GOOD TURN
by showing them around to your neighbors
and friends and speak a good word for them
everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful
Dr. Haux “Perfect Vision” Spectacles in your
locality on this easy, simple condition?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want to
do me this favor, write me at once and just say:
“Dear Doctor:—Mail me your Perfect Home
Eye Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full
particulars of your handsome 10-karat ROL! U±°LD
Spectacle Offer,” and address me personally
and I will give your letter my own personal
attention. Address:—Dr. Haux, (Personal),
Haux Building, Si. Louis, M®.
NOTE:—The above is the largest Mailorder Spec
tacle House In the world and is perfectly reliable.
PAGE THIRTEEN