. You Have a Friend
L Whom you could easily interest to sub
ll scribe for the JVeekly Jeffersonian or
| the Jeffersonian Magazine, or both Jef
fersonians. We want you to do so,
and will compensate you liberally.
Some of our good friends, who be
gan interesting their friends in our
publications just at odd times in this
I manner, found the work so pleasant
and profitable that they now devote all
their time to securing subscriptions for
us. Write for full particulars.
THE JEFFERSONIANS.
Thomson, Ga.
To All Our Readers
If you keep your savings at home, in the stove, or in an old stocking,
they may be lost, stolen, or burned up.
Even if the money is safe, it draws no interest —never increases. It is
dead —has no growth.
If you put your money in a savings bElnk, it draws at most four per cent
interest.
Everywhere men are seeking SAFE investments which will yield them a
higher rate of interest than four per cent.
Here is an investment bearing a high rate of interest and AS SAFE
AS THE BANK OF ENGLAND.
The bonds issued by the Weekly Jeffersonian and the Jeffersonian
Magazine are not only secured by a deed of trust conveying their property
to one of the strongest state banks in Georgia, but the and in
terest are PERSONALLY GUARANTEED by the Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
Each bond is for TEN DOLLARS.
Each bond is for TEN YEARS.
Each bond bears SEVEN PER CENT interest, payable annually.
—e money will be used for the establishment of a printing plant of
u— own, and for the enlargement and improvement of the two Jefferson
ians, thus making the property which is held in trust for the bondholders
more valuable.
Full information will be given on application to
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
PREMIUM
For 5 Magazine Subscriptions at SI.OO, or
3 Weekly Subscriptions at SI.OO
■„ -
-,w ,
..rm fliar.
This is the famous “Razor of Quality.” It is made of the best English
steel, ground and polished by hand. In othex’ words, it is made in the good
old-fashioned way, when the edge was the principal thing. The blade is most
elegantly gold and frost etched. It is mounted In a handsome and neat, genuine
carved white bone handle.
No razor in the world wfll shave better or keep its edge longer.
Bee Page Seven for “How to Get Up a Club.”
Until End of
ssbbl9oßsb
For a quarter we will send
you the Weekly Jeffersonian
until the end of this year.
1| For fifty cents we will send
you the Weekly Jeffersonian
and the Jeffersonian Maga
zine until the end of this year.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
TJeffersortidit
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally Interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine--useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion.
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of |
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there- f
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
famil-y. H
B
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of tue simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham's Liver Regulator, and do not |
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.'’
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
$2.50. Limited to Oct. Ist.
From now until October Ist, we offer the following remarkable combinations:
Pictorial Review, 15c a copy SI.BO per year
Modern Priscilla, 10c a copy 1.20 per year
Ladies’ World, 5c a copy 60 per year
Jeffersonian Magazine 1.50 per year
Weekly Jeffersonian 1.00 per year
Pictoral Review Pattern 15
Total value $6.25
Altogether for 52.50
Modern Priscilla is the recognized lea ding fancy work magazine of America.
The Pictorial Review is an up-to-date sash ion publication. Its fiction is clever and
interesting, and it has practical lessons in home dressmaking, millinery, house-keep
ing, and household finance, sanitation, etc., and is well illustrated. The Ladies’
World is one of the foremost ladies’ household magazines. It gives more for the
money than any publication in its class.
You all know the Jeffersonians.
The dress pattern will be supplied free by the Pictorial Review at any time
within 60 days after you receive your first copy.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri
butions on governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes
about 25 pages per month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN