PAGE SIX
OT TO EVERYBODY
REMINISCENSES OF “UNCLE JIMMIE
DANIELLY,” A FAMOUS PIONEER
PREACHER.
Cobham, Ga., April 6, 1908.
I want to write of Jas. Danielly, but know
if I were to try a lifetime I could not tell
half. Let me see if I can give any idea of his
personal appearance. About 5 feet, 10 inches
in height; weight, about 165 pounds; long
hair, white as cotton; stomach stuck out like
a little hamper basket; a clean shaved face;
broad, strong chin; face red, round, and slick
as a cherry; dressed in old regulation Method
ist shad-belly coat, and stiff quilted brown col
lar, called a stock, which compelled him to
hold his chin up and his head back. The first
time I ever saw him I was shocked and scared.
He was just in time and as he walked down
the long aisle and into the pulpit it seemed
to me he was trying to stamp a hole in the
floor. I could not help thinking of Elijah, John
the Baptist and Santa Claus, and I never was
able to tell which of the three he resembled
most, though I saw and heard him often. I
forgot to say he had large eyes that spoke as
much as his mouth. They seemed to be blue
as a gander’s or grey; true intellectual grey;
or black, or hazel in color; acording to his
mood. I yet believe that they changed in
color often.
Our teacher offered a book to my class for
the best report of one of his sermons. My
report was simply three words, viz.: Grand,
glorious, indescribable. I won the book; have
it yet.
Let me try one sermon preached at old Mt.
Vernon camp ground in Edgefield, 1847. At
the preachers’ tent they discussed who should
preach at 3 o’clock. At last Bishop Capers,
who was in charge, said: “I want you to
preach a soft, persuasive sermon, Bro. Dan
ielly.” Uncle Jimmie said: “If you are
going to tie me, you will have to catch another
‘boss.’ ” Bishop Capers replied: “Well,
we’ll take the bridle off, but you ought to
preach something soft.” He took his Bible
and went to a room to himself. When the
horn blew he came to the stand smiling. He
took for his text, “God shall wipe all tears
away.” He surely did talk about the Father
hood of God, and the brotherhood of man.
He said “trials and troubles were necessary
to develop manhood, but God is always watch
ing and when we get more than we can carry
his hand reaches out and takes the whole load
off.” As he finished up he stretched out and
took the hand of an old Revolutionary soldier
and said:
“John; you and I have seen lots of trouble
but the end is near. Why I expect maybe
he will take old John Thornton on one knee
and old Jimmie Danielly on the other, and he
with the handkerchief of his love in his om
nipotent hand and old John’s arm will come
back and old Jimmie will look and his old
wooden leg and his stick will be gone and
there will be his leg restored, and John and
■Jimmie will be young again. And we will re
joice forever —for God shall have wiped all
tears away.” The effect was wonderful.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Now remember that his sarcasm was liable
to break out at any time. Sometimes some
young dude would march by the stand, dressed
in the last agony .from the city, and, a cigar
in his mouth. He would stop and look at him
till the attention of the whole crowd would be
fixed upon him. Then he would say: “Huh!
thought it was somebody; turned out to be
nothing but a roll of tobacco with a chunk
of fire at one end and a fool at the other. Let
us resume our subject.”
He was met by quite a crowd upon arriving
at Wheat’s camp ground, among whom was
one fellow loaded with liquor. He shook
hands with the old man, held on, and kept
repeating, “So glad to see you, Brother
Danielly. So glad to see you.” Brother
Danielly replied. “Don’t know you.”
“Why,” said the toper, “my name is Blank.
You converted me two years ago.” “Ah!”
said Bro. Danielly, “looks like some of my
work. If the Lord had converted you, you
would not have been here drunk.”
Over at the Deadfall camp ground a., bril
liant young man who had been ruined by
drink (Paul C., by name) professed conver
sion, while Bro. Danielly was praying for-him.
Everybody was delighted, as he belonged to a
fine family, was wealthy and clever. He held
out till Christmas and then got drunk and
cut up to make up for lost time.
Next camp meeting he professed to be re
claimed -while Uncle Danielly was praying
for him. And so it went for three or four
years.
One night Bro. Danielly preached on the
Prodigal Son, and invited all prodigals to
come forward for prayer. Directly he saw
Paul C., making his way forward he imme
diately turned the meeting over to another,
saying he was sick at the stomach. At 11
o’clock Paul asked for Bro. Danielly to pray
for him; some one went to the tent, called and
said, “Bro. Danielly, Paul C. says, ‘Do come
and pray for me.’ ”
The old man said: ‘‘Can’t come; sick at
the stomach.”
About midnight some one waked Bro. Dan
ielly up and said: “Paul C. has got through
He is so happy;.wants to see you so bad. Do
come.”
The old man lost patience and replied:
“Take an axe and kill him quick before he
backslides.”
At Sharon camp ground he went to take
breakfast with a lady who was a leader of the
bon-ton. The coffee was very -weak. Hr
drank five or six cups and kept sending for
more. “Why,” said the lady, “you must bo
fond of coffee.” Bro. Danielly replied: “If
I wasn’t I wouldn’t kill myself drinking
water to get a little.” She never forgave
him, and he never took a meal with
them again.
Now when he was ridiculing anybody or
anything remember that his voice sounded like
-whetting a mill saw on a. cold frosty morning.
His severest sayings were too vulgar for pub
lication, but when in a good mood, his voice
was mellow and sweet beyond description. I
would like to tell about his wife who was a
cripple, but who superintended the farm which
was a good one. I have frequently seen her
riding on horse-back, sowing wheat and oats.
But this jumble is too long already. It is
not satisfactory to me. Throw away any part,
or all of it.
S. A. WALKER.
Port Chester, N. Y., April 29, 1908.
Dear Sir: Permit me to congratulate you
upon your recent editorials in the Jeffersonian
Magazine. They are grounded in deep knowl
edge of the great and fundamental principles
of government for and by the people. There
is a mental stimulus to them all that is very
pleasing. They pulsate with vitality. You are
doing a great work in clarifying conditions so
little understood by the vast majority.
Very truly yours,
ALVAH P. FRENCH.
Magazine of American History.
\
OCCUPATION JUST SUITED HIM.
Man with Grouch Had Chance to Laugh at
Others’ Misfortunes.
“It isn’t everybody that gets a place in
life that’s just suited to him,” said Mr. Ho
’bart, thoughtfully, “but I declare it seems
as if Jed Loring had landed in the very spot
he’d choose above every other.”
“I didn’t suppose anything would ever
suit Jed,” remarked Mrs. Hobart, “a man
that always thought everybody was better
off than he, and never appeared to enjoy any
thing except other folks’ misfortunes. Where
in the world is he?”
“While I was visiting Henry’s folks,” said
Mr. Hobart, “they took me across the ferry
to the island one day. I thought the face o’
the.man that worked the gates looked kind o’
familiar, and he gazed at me real searchingly
as Henry and I' stood there.
“ ‘Aren’t you Jim Hobart that used to
live in Bushby?’ he asked me at last.
“ ‘I am, and still do,’ says I, ‘and it’s
just come to me who you are. You’re Jed
Loring. ’
“He nodded that I was right.
“ ‘Got a job that suits you here, I guess,’
I said, for he’s grown stouter and looks con
siderable cheerfuller than he used to when he
was here in Bushby.
“ ‘Yes, I have,’ says he, real hearty. ‘Why,
this ferryboat runs back and forth every half
hour all day long, and there’s hardly a trip
but what somebody misses it, and gets as mad
as fury I ’ ’ —Youth’s Companion.
THE APPALACHIAN RESERVE.
Judge John Allison made an address before
the House Committee on Agriculture in Wash
ington recently in advocacy of the passage
of the Appalachian Park Reservation. bill, in
which he made a strong argument for the
necessity of such a reservation as the mean#
of protecting and preserving the sources of