PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
Sixtieth Congress Convenes.
Sixty-second Congress convenes at
Washington this week. Both Houses
will convene and will continue indefi
nitely. The President’s message will
be received. This will consume the
greater part of one day of the ses
sion. The first real business will be
the election of a speaker.
Legislature of Oklahoma.
Guthrie, Okla., Dec. 1. —The first
Oklahoma legislature will meet to
morrow. It will elect two United
States senators, Messrs. Gore and
Owen, already chosen by popular
vote, who will present credential
of appointment by Governor Haskell
to the senate in Washington tomor
row. Much legislation is necessary
to set the machinery of the new
state in complete operation. A month
ago, it was expected that the legis
lature would consider drastic rail
road legislation but the railroads hav •
ing accepted the two-cent rate on
state and interstate passenger traf
fic, the railroad proposition has de
creased in importance.
The first bill to be introduced in
the senate will be one by Senator
Graham of Marietta to provide for
segregation of the white and negro
races in railway trains and waiting
rooms. —Constitution.
State to Seek Speedy Trial.
Montgomery, Ala., Dec. 1. —(Spe-
cial.) —That the state will seek quick
settlement of the jurisdiction in the
injunctions granted against the state
laws by the federal court at the in
stance of the railroads seems well es
tablished.
Two ways are open to this point
one by application for a writ of pro
hibition to ascertain the rights
the court, and the other by habeas
corpus to release any man who may,
be arrested in either case. The point
of attack would be the theory that
the United States has no right to en-
Bkn criminal prosecution.
r In both cases the application would
go direct to the national supreme
court, in the first place, by petition
for* an estoppal order on the grouna
of no authority, and in latter case
the same idea, but reached in the way
of habeas corpus, to release any man
arrested for contempt in violating
the order of the court. The advan
tage of the plans lies in the possibil
ity of their being acted upon in a
short time. With the feeling that
now exists it is regarded as very im
portant that a decision be reached
at the earliest possible moment.
It is thought here tonight that one
of those ideas will be adopted at the
meeting of the governor and the
state attorneys in Birmingham tomor
row.
An interesting report comes from
Ozark, in Dale county, to the effect
that when one of the deputy marshal?
went to serve the order of the court
last week one of the officers of the
state court told him that if he did
die would have him arrested. Cooler
heads prevailed, however, and the
officer served the papers without mo-
lestation. This is the only case of
resistance to the deputies reported.
—Constitution.
Factories Start Full Time Anew.
New York, Nov. 25.—Recent re
sumption of industrial activity in the
eastern states tends to controvert the
accounts of general depression which
have gained circulation owing to clos
ing down, partially or completely, by
many concerns. The financial strin
gency throughout the country had its
natural reflection in partial suspen
sion of operations in middle Atlantic
centers, but fear of general indus
trial depression has not been real
ized.
News was received tonight of the
return to full time of some indus
tries in the New England states and
New York, and the hope is that with
the general relaxation in the money
market these conditions will be large
ly increased and that the eastern
manufacturing section will soon ex
perience normal conditions.
Troy reports the outlook is good
for a busy year in the knit goods in
dustry in Cohoes, one of the largest
centers of that class of wmrk in the
country. It is expected that knit
ting factories there will be running
full time by January 1.
Information from Buffalo is 'that
the Snow steam pump works has or
dered its forces back on full time.
The general manager, Elgood C. Luf
kin, says the company has been
obliged to restore the full schedule
of working hours to keep up with
its business. About 1,000 men are
concerned.
The National tube works at Syra
cuse resumed operations, after a two
weeks’ shutdown.
President George Westinghouse de
nied that the Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company’s plants
at Pittsburg would be closed down
December 1. —Boston Herald.
State to Make Bagging.
Little Rock, Ark., Nov. 22. —A plau
is on foot for the state to manufac
ture its own cotton bagging instead
of paying 11 1-2 cents per yard. Sev
en yards are used in each bale, and
Gov. Pindall estimates that an enor
mous saving can be made by grow
ing hemp and establishing a factory
on the state convict farm in Lincoln
county.
The governor will at the next meet
ing of the penitentiary board offer a
resolution to establish such a factory,
showing that the machinery can be
purchased for $5,000. He also be
lieves the board has full power to
establish the factory without the
necessity of waiting for the legisla
ture’s action.
“The price of bagging is entirely
too high, caused by control of trusts,”
says Gov. Pindall.
The governor has spent much time
on the farm recently, and this is one
of the many reforms he advocates as
a necessity. Hemp can be grown
successfully by the convicts on the"
farm, and he says the state should
thus save many hundreds of dollars.
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
Local business men approve the sug
gestion, and many look for the adop
tion of the resolution by the board.
—News Scimitar.
*
Roosevelt to Hunt Virginia Bear.'
White Hall, Nov. 27. —A bear hunt
to be headed by President Roose
velt, aided by E. M. Brown, B. Gates
Garth, 11. L. Garth, W. W. Driscoll,
G. W. Brown, L. E. Powers, and a
score of others will go to that famous
hunting resort known as Black Rock
Springs, on or about the first of De
cember next. The party will have
about fifty trained hounds for the
hunt. Expert mountaineers will have
charge of the drive, and Brother
Bruin will have a close call if not
captured. The President will take
this trip after paying the Miller
school a visit.—Richmond Journal.
THE POPULIST CONFERENCE
ISSUES ADDRESS.
St. Louis, Mo., Nov. 26, 1907.
The People’s Party, in national
conference, again calls the attention
of the country to the need of a scien
tific system of money, issued direct
by the Government, as intended by
the constitution, without the inter
vention of banks of issue. The na
tion is now in the midst of one of
those recurrent but unnecessary
financial panics, which result from a
faulty system of currency. The blind
folly of leaving the nation’s money,
hence its business and industry, at
the mercy of a few speculative gam
blers was never so apparent as at this
moment. They are those who have
created the trouble from which we
are now suffering. They are those
who are cornering the people’s cur
rency to use in stock gambling, and
are thus holding it from the legiti
mate channels of trade.
Sixteen years ago, the People’s
Party, in its first national convention
pointed out these defects in our finan
cial system and their remedies.
Through good and evil report we ’
have never swerved from the advo
cacy of those fundamental truths. We
have believed them, and still believe
them, necessar to the salvation of the
country. Money, land and transpor
tation —these constituted the original
trinity of reform held aloft by the
people’s convention at Omaha. An
adequate currency issued direct by
the government and not redeemable
in any other kind of money; land
held for actual settlers and not sub
ject to speculation and alien owner
ship; railroads and telegraphs owned
and operated by the government. To
these three cardinal principles were
added direct legislation through the
initiative and referendum; the recad
and proportional representation;
popular election of the president and
vice-president, senators and federal
judges; postal savings banks and the
parcels post; and the right of la
bor to organize, to demand a shorter
day and to insist on a fair and just
share of the products of its own toil.
These principles are justly known as
populistic for the reason that, in the
main, they were first placed in a po- x
litical platform and first introduced
to political discussion, by the Peo
ple’s Party in 1892.
Still more fundamental and basic
than these details, however, was the
real and recognized mission of pop
ulism. It was to war against the
monopoly and to uphold the original
spirit of liberty, democracy and the
Americanism of the fathers that the
People’s Party was bom.
If to promote principle constitutes
success, then no party in American
history has been more triumphant.
Today no party dares go before the
people that does not reflect some of
the spirit and advocate some of the
truths of Populism. The literature
of the nation in magazines and else
where, is filled with our ideas and is
carrying forward our battle. And
whether consciously or unconsciously
the majority of American voters to
day are standing on our platform.
Ours has been a victory unique in
political history. When other par
ties seemed to take up some of our
ideas this deception lost to us for
the time our par ty success, our press
and almost our organization. Our
patriotism and unselfishness made
this possible. In the result we have
proved once more that he who loses
his life for the sake of truth shall
find it again. Ours has not been the
success of numbers, of shouting or
of noise. The glamor of place, of
office, or of the world’s acceptance,
we have not courted or received. But,
after all, these constitute only the
shell of success. We have what is
better, its substance in the rapid
progress of our principles.
Nor do we rejoice in this through
any narrow spirit of partyism. Party
without principle is only a name.
Party slavery is the curse of the na
tion. Through whomsoever the good
may come, it is enjoyed alike by the
brotherhood of all the people. The
seed sowing of the past has not been
in vain. The truths of the Omaha
platform now mould the thought of
the nation. The reform work of to
day was made possible by the sacri
fices, the devotion, and the loyalty
to principle of the Old Guard. The
advanced position of the leading fig
ures of the older parties is the re
sult of Populistic teachings. We
heartily welcome these distinguished
converts, and can but wish that they
had shown more persistence in fol
lowing the reform road to the end,
and had displayed more stability in
advocating our principles in the face
of party opposition. Truth is higher
than faction. Country is more than
party. In the hour of crisis the real
ly great leader will follow the right,
regardless of the effects on himself
and without weakening in the face of
blind partisan clamor.
We rejoice in the organization of
the Independence League, which is
overthrowing bossism and trust rule
in their most formidable strong
holds. We are cheered by the tem
perance wave sweeping over the
country, which can but make for
happier homes and cleaner politics.