PAGE EIGHT
Cl)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
TITOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga.. January 11. 1907, as second crass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Jan. 13, 1910
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than SI.OO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Did John Lee Fool the Union City
Conference?
If President John Lee, of the Georgia
Union, were not such a new-comer in Geor
gia, he would know that his policy of stab
bing me in the dark, will bring disaster on
him, rather than me. Our people are too
manly, too fair-minded, to indorse that way
of fighting. No brave man bushwhacks his
enemy. The cowardly assassin does THAT.
Not to save their lives, can John Lee, and
those two lecturers who have been his Fri
days say, or write, anything against me with
out its reaching me. Some of the boys will
“put me on” every time, SURE !
“There lies before me, as I write”, (as the
late C. R. Norton used to say,) the circular
letter which announces to the Locals the re
sult of that secret conference at Union City,
December 21, 1909.
A casual glance at this circular gives me
the impression that John did not deal fairly
by the conferees.
For instance, his statement to them was,
that Bodenhamer is eligible to membership
in the Farmers’ Union, “he, Bodenhamer, be
ing managing editor of the Union News.”
But if you look at the top of the first col
umn of the Union News. you will see that
another name than Bode’s is given as “man
aging editor”, and that Bodenhamer’s name is
lower down, opposite the words “Business
Manager”.
Here is an exact copy of the heading:
“FARMERS’ UNION NEWS
R. F. DUCKWORTH. Editor J. E. BODENHAMER, Business Mgr.
J. L. BARRON, Managing Editor W. E, GILPIN, Circulation Mgr.’"
Boys, that Union City bunch are fooling
you! A Business Manager is not an editor;
and Bode is a printer, else he could not be a
member of the Typographical Union of At
lanta.
They have let a Gompers-Ladson spy into
your camp. AND YOU OUGHT TO RUN
HIM OUT!
But that is not the worst of it. Read on:
The Jeffersonian, of December 9th, got
after John Lee for butting into the scrap
that I was having with Duck, Bode and Lad
son. In that issue of our paper, I accused
John Lee of taking sides with the crooks, and
against me, ivithout having made the slight
est investigation, himself, and without asking
me for any evidence.
At the Union City Conference, John Lee
pretended to produce the only letter that he
had written to the Locals prior to my attack
of December 9th. What was the date of
that “only letter”? It was mailed from
Union City on October 12th.
John Lee solemnly assured his conferees,
his “Brothers”, that the letter of October 12th,
which “was formulated under instructions
given President Lee, by a meeting of leading
Obe .dei’fersoaian
members, held at this place”, (Union City)
“September 21 and 22, 1909,” was the only
one “which could possibly be made applicable
to the present controversy.”
JFAatf a whopper! The honorable gentle
men who had met to investigate matters, were
not prepared to believe that the President
could take refuge in wilful, deliberate, out
rageous prevarication—and they, therefore,
accepted his positive assertion as true. Con
sequently, even my devoted friends, Mc-
Gregor, Wimberly and others, consented to
a finding that I had been “misinformed”.
What will be the indignation of every gen
tleman to whom John Lee told that brazen
falsehood, when they read the letter given be
low ? I do not know how many such letters
John sent out; but the vicious activity shown
in this, and in the “Watson’s lies” document,
proves that he was busily engaged defending
the crooks and undermining me.
Read this letter, dated November 23, and
bear in mind what John told the conferees.
Bear in mind, also, the date of my attack on
him, for butting in— DECEMBER 9TH!
Here is his letter:
“Union City, Ga., Nov. 23, 1909.
“Dear Brother:
“I find a set of resolutions with carbon copy
referred to me by the editor. As I am to be at
on the 25th, I would be glad that your
local, or as many of them as could, would be pres
ent so that I could explain in person all the de
tails concerning this matter.
“(1) In the first place, in reference to the
Ship-subsidy speech, Duckworth, all the union pa
pers of Texas and the minutes of the Texas meet
ing all show that it was not mentioned at the
Texas meeting; The speech was absolutely on the
restoration of merchant-marine the subsidized
press which has always been our enemy published
the error and expected to force the Farmers’
Union into politics by such action. No paper ex
cept the paper desiring to lead us into politics
has paid any attention whatever to the report.
After Duckworth and the National Co-operator,
.the Texas union paper, published thdt it was not
so. The friends of ship-subsidy are the only ones
who is very much concerned.
“(2) Now, as to the employment of help in
the Union News, I nor the State Union have any
thing to say, the person you refer to is my neigh
bor and has been my neighbor for a long time, I
know that he is a perfect gentleman, absolutely
honest and in every way above the accusation
charged against him, on the other hand, the
charge is made, that he is a city printer, any one
familiar with the constitution of this State knows
that a city printer is not eligible to membership,
and if your local, or any living man will show
me one in the Farmers’ Union in this State, I
guarantee to you his removal. The charges are
that he was a delegate elected to go to Canada,
the man elected to represent the farmer was Jno.
Grady of Kentucky who has not a dollar invested
in anything nor has ever had but a farm; he is
one of the wealthiest and most intelligent farm
ers of the entire blue-grass region. Ido not know
how such reports has ever gained credence, be
cause, there is absolutely nothing but the facts as
I have stated them.
“(3) Now, as to the counsel the Neal Bank
failed for three million and seventy-five thousand
dollars, C. T. Ladson was not an officer nor legal
adviser of said Bank, but went to the bank and
borrowed $120,000 giving a mortgage on SIOO,OOO
worth of Atlanta property and when the bank
failed the receivers thinking so much of the Cu
ban deal released the Atlanta property and be
came a partner in the Cuban deal, clearing not
only the full amount borrowed with interest, but
$200,000 besides. This looks to me to be the
most magnificent business deal that I have heard
of in years, he could not have wrecked a bank
that failed for the above sum. Borrowing what
he did; it appears to me that if our members be
fore passing resolutions would write to'their State
officials and get the true facts that they would be
saved many embarrassments caused by men who
are desirous of tearing up this organization.
“(4) Behind closed doors we will discuss in
brotherly love all differences of opinions, but
openly we will always refrain from discussing
those things that is intended only to dis-organize
us.
“(5) Beware of the man on the outside who
will try to disrupt you in your business Organiza
tion. The Farmers’ Union has put more in the
pockets of the Georgia farmer than all politicians
has or can ever put.
“Fraternally yours, J. L. LEE,
“State President.”
Now, what do you think of John Lee, and
his letter ?
Gentlemen, that letter simply reeks with
lies. I never saw a greater number, in as
small a compass.
There are seven distinct falsehoods con
tained in his tanglefoot statement about
Duck's Galveston speech.
(Will show this up, next week.)
In the statement concerning Bodenhamer,
there is as bold, bare-faced, shameless viola
tion of truth as I ever saw in print. Boden
hamer IS “a city printer”, and every Union
printer in Atlanta will tell you so. Isn't it
infamous, for President Lee 'to try to deceive
his “Brothers” of the Union? Hasn’t Boden
hamer told me, over and over, about his stand
ing in the Typographical Union, his being
chosen for that place, and the other, in the
printers’ Union? Os course, he has.
Boys, why don't you write to J. E. Boden
hamer, at Union City; or Atlanta, Ga., in
care of The Telegram Printing Co.? Ask
him if he is not a printer by trade, working in
Atlanta, and a member of the local Typo
graphical Union.
If he dares to deny it, the other city printers
will do things to him. If he refuses to an
swer so fair a question, he will thereby admit
the fact that he is “a city printer”.
In John Lee’s statement about Ladson, I
count as many as three distinct lies; and his
omissions of facts amount to several more.
But I have already told you the truth about
Ladson’s wrecking of the bank, and will not
go over it again, at this time.
“Behind closed doors!”
No you won’t, either. You've got to face
the music, John Lee, IN THE OPEN! You
may stave it off, until the June convention,
my friend ; but the boys will face you there.
They will never again accept your unsup
ported word for anything, Mr. John Lee—
pliant tool of three CROOKS.
If you and Bodenhamer, Duck and Lad
son were not in the Farmers’ Union for what
you expect to make out of it, YOU'D RE
SIGN.
Your being in there is causing substantial,
middle-class farmers from joining.
Brother Len Broughton Butts In
Ah, ha! I thought that Bro. Len would
find it impossible to keep himself out of the
Foreign Missions fight. Have sorter won
dered why we had not heard his battle-cry,
before now.
For, don’t you remember? The Jeffer
sonian got right in behind Bro. Len about
that Coca-Cola advertisement and editorial.
The Golden Age, which is considered by Dr.
Broughton, Weary Billie Upshaw, (and pos
sibly a few others,) to be a most religious pa
per, not only printed a big advertisement of
Coca-Cola, but gave the drink strong editorial
endorsement. In fact, the very first editorial
of that issue was a whoop-her-up, cracker
jack, jim-dandy, rip-snortious O. K. of Coca-
Cola.
Whereupon, I took my pen in hand, having
first seated myself, and “went after” Bro. Len.
I called the attention of the “Pulpit Editor”
of Weary Billie’s paper to the fact, that an
advertisement which put before the public,
(with appeals to buy,) Dr. Broughton’s re
ligious books and Asa Candler’s hell-brew, on
the same page, was calculated to shock right
minded people.
Brother Len must have been of the same
opinion, for the advertisement of the Asa
Candler hell-brew suddenly disappeared from
the columns of Willie’s weary paper.
Human nature is such a queer, unfathom
able thing that mixed motives influence most
of our conduct. When Bro. Len seated him
self and took his pen in hand, to go after me
about Foreign Missions, it is not altogether
improbable that there was a “get even” mo
tive, away down deep in his inner feelings.
At any rate, here is Bro. Len, writing a
piece about me, in the paper of which he is