have escaped with his life, as so many
criminals, whose deeds were quite as bad
as Glover’s, have done in Richmond
county.
Here are the poor fellow’s last words
to one who is not ashamed to have stood
by him to the last. That I pity the un
der dog, that my heart softens to the
prayer for mercy, that I have never gone
back on a faithful friend, no matter how
poor and unfortunate, are perhaps the
traits that will speak for me when, at
the last day, my own case is called at
the judgment bar of God.
“Richmond County Jail.
“Augusta, Ga., Jan. 29, 1908.
“To Hon. Thomas E. Watson,
“Dear Sir: In token of a dying man’s
gratitude I extend to you appreciation for
all you have done for me, believing that
you have done all you could, or lay in
your power to do.
“Arthur Price Glover.”
r * r
The Best On Earth.
I still contend that we have got the
best banking system on earth. Seventeen
of the pets busted in New York last week,
but that was no fault of theirs. As our
genial Coca-Cola friend, Asa Candler,
says, the whole trouble has been caused
by the demagogues.
Every time one of the big New York
banks burst, a whole lot of little banks
go to bursting, until it sounds like a string
of fire-crackers. Our ideal system of fin
ance is so constructed that when one bank
blows up, others are apt to get knocked
over. They seem to be set up like the
pins in a ten-pin alley. If you hit one the
whole dog-gone business goes to tumb
ling.
That is just the way it should be. In
fact, that’s one of the reasons why our
banking system is the best on earth. It
is so impartial in its operation that when
anybody busts, everybody busts.
“Equal rights to all” —you see.
The only possible objection to the prin
ciple thus applied is that nobody seems
to have any rights, after the banks bust,
except the angels on the inside.
Those on the outside are goats. Depos
itors and such are not only goats, but
black goats.
The angels on the inside first issue a
statement that everybody will get his
money; and in the windup nobody gets
any, excepting the angels inside.
Sometimes there isn’t enough to satisfy
even the angels, and then they fall out
with one another, and talk about one
another scandalous.
But, nevertheless and moreover, I still
stand up, on both hind legs, ready to
make good my contention that ours is
the best banking system on earth.
And after Aldrich’s bill gets through
Congress, it is going to make the bank
ing system still better.
Railroad presidents, sitting in their rail
road offices, will double the amount of
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
their stocks and bonds by the simple pro
cess of doubling the paper and ink.
Then these men, who are all bankers
as well as railroad kings, will step over
to their bank offices, and will issue bank
paper based on the railroad paper. This
bank paper will circulate as money.
The net result will be this: The stocks
and bonds issued at the railroad office
may represent no honest investment of
money, but the people pay interest on it
in the shape of dividends.
Thb bank paper issued on this railroad
paper represents no honest investment of
money, but it will circulate as money and
the people will have to pay interest when
they get the use of it.
To use bogus railroad securities as a
basis for bogus bank money, and to get
interest on both, is true purpose of the
angels who are favoring the Aldrich bill.
They will get what they want, and then
our system of finance will be truly per
fect.
Panics are real nice things to have, and
with the vast addition to bogus stocks
and bonds which the Aldrich bill is sure
to bring about —together with its encour
agement to speculation and over capitali
zation —we are pretty certain to have a
panic every year or so.
R R R
Hearst and Special Privilege.
Circumstantial evidence that Mr.
Hearst, late ally of Murphy and the Re
publicans, has reached an agreement with
Harriman, continues to crop out. He
is editorially clamoring for that ship sub
sidy which Harriman is so eager to get
for his steamship lines.
Mr. Hearst says that England subsi
dizes certain steamship lines and that,
therefore, the United States should follow
suit.
If we are to imitate Great Britain, why
not copy the best parts of her system in
stead of the worst? Great Britain runs
her government in such away that ti
necessaries of life are untaxed. She puts
a direct tax on the great land owners;
she taxes the railroads; she taxes incomes
and inheritances; she puts taxes on a few
luxuries such as foreign wines, brandies,
fruits, tea and coffee.
The poor man, in Great Britain, can
build his house, furnish it, clothe him
self, feed his family, and warm his hearth,
without having to pay one penny tax to
the government.
In this country, the poor man is taxed
on every rag of clothing, on ev
ery article of furniture, on the mate
lials with which he builds his house, on
the coal that makes his fire, on the tools
of his trade, and on almost everything
that he eats, including the salt.
In his recent wobbly now-you-see-it
now-you-don’t manifesto, Mr. Hearst in
effect declares that we must not deal with
this infamous system of taxing the poor—
for the reason that it would disturb bus
iness. . i. J
“I am a business man, myself,” says
William Randolph. Just so; and Harri
man is another. Selah.
Time and again, we have given the
undisputed facts to prove how our tariff
on ship-building materials has made it
impossible for our merchant marine to
compete with foreign merchants who can
build their ships more cheaply.
Time and again we have demonstrated
that there are two very simple and prac
ticable modes by which the American
merchant marine can be resurrected:
(1) Give to the American the protec
tion of the flag, regardless of where he
builds or buys his ship; and
(2) Put ship-building materials on the
free list.
Either one of these simple and equitable
remedies would cure the disease which
afflicts our merchant marine.
Why should Mr. Hearst object to al
lowing the American merchant to buy
or build his vessel wherever he can do so
to the best advantage?
Why compel him to knuckle down to
the Steel Trust?
As to Great Britain’s aiding maritime
commerce by subsidies, the statement is
just simply untrue. Great Britain does
nothing of the sort. What Great Britain
does do is to pay special steamers for
special mail service.
The idea of the Queen of the Seas pay
ing out bounties to keep afloat the thou
sands of English ships that churn the
waters of every region of the globe, is
preposterously absurd.
RUH
Cibilization and Shop Girls.
A special from Pittsburg to the N. Y.
World announces a raid of the police
on the Tenderloin of that city. One hun
dred girls, nearly all of them under twen
ty years of age, were arrested in one
night. Most of these were shop girls
whose wages are from $3 to $5 per week.
Os course, they cannot support life and
dress handsomely on such pay —hence the
night in the Tenderloin.
Is it not terrible?
Pittsburg is the darling spot of our
Protective system. It is in Pittsburg that
the beneficiaries of our Tariff thrive. And
it is in Pittsburg that Frick, Carnegie,
Schwab and Corey pile up millions more
than they can ever use.
That’s what Capital gets out of law
made monopoly of the American market.
What does labor get out of it?
The least possible wage that can be
enforced.
Yet the Tariff is imposed upon the
American consumer for the pretended
benefit of the American laborer.
But the workmen in the protected in
dustries only get, all told, about 20 per
cent of the value of his product, while
the Tariff duty, alone, is more than 50
per cent on the greater portion of the
articles he produces.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE