PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
Job Rejected by Cortelyou.
Secretary of the Treasury Cortelyou will
not accept the presidency of the Knicker
bocker Trust Co., which has been tendered
him by Herbert S. Satterlee, son-in-law of J.
P. Morgan.
The Boyertown Horror.
Opera house at Boyertown, Pa., destroyed by
fire during amateur performance, in which 160
persons lost their lives. Most of the victims
of the fire were women and children. The
performance was being given for the benefit
of St. John’s Lutheran church.
Brownson Case Goes to Congress.
Washington, January 16.—Rear Admiral
Brownson’s side of his controversy with the
President and Dr. Rixey over the hospital
ship, Relief, is to be sent to congress and
made public.
Rear Admiral Brownson presented his ar
gument to the President, first, orally, and on
that the President said he would not make the
order assigning a surgeon to command the Re
lief positive and irrevocable, but would try
the scheme for six months.
Admiral Brownson, however, was apparently
proud of this achievement, and wrote out his
argument and sent it to the President. Then
came an interview which ended in Brownson
saying that he would prefer to be out of the
bureau than to have a lack of confidence in
his judgment. The President promptly ac
cepted the challenge.—N. Y. Journal.
Harriman Must Answer Questions.
Edward H. Harriman, the ruling spirit in
the great Pacific railroads, and Otto H. Kahn,
of the banking firm of Kahn, Loeb & Co.,
yesterday were directed by Judge Hough, of
the United States Supreme Court, to answer
the questions asked them by the Interstate
Commerce Commission at an inquiry into the
Harriman lines held in this city some months
ago.
Their plea, “I decline to answer on advice
of counsel,” was held by Judge Hough to be
invalid. A single exception was made in Mr.
Harriman’s favor. He will not have to an
swer questions relating to the purchase of
Union and Southern Pacific stock in connec
tion with the dividend of August, 1906. Mr.
Kahn is not permitted to protect the custom
ers of his firm.
The object of the questions, according to
the government’s attorney, was to learn
whether the enormous stock investments made
with the proceeds of issues of $145,000,000
of Union Pacific and Oregon Short Line bonds
amounted to a waste of assets and impair
ments of the facilities of an interstate com
mon carrier. The individual profits of cer
tain directors of the Union Pacific is also in
question.
“We will appeal at once,” said John G.
Milburn to an American reporter yester
day afternoon. “The argument before the
United States Supreme Court may be reached
in April, but probably not until October. I
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
will not discuss the opinion.” —N. Y. Ameri
can.
Battleships Reach Rio.
Rio Janeiro, Jan. 13. —The American fleet
of 16 battleships entered the port of Rio
Janeiro at 4 o‘clock Sunday afternoon, after
a passage from Port of Spain, Trinidad, more
than 3,000 miles, unmarred by serious acci
dent, replete with interesting incidents and
ending with a royal welcome from the thou
sands that had gathered to greet the visitors.
As soon as the anchorage was made, the
Brazilian minister of Marine, Admiral Alen
ear, the captain of the port, the American
consul, G. E. Anderson, the commandants, of
naval divisions and the civic authorities went
on board the Connecticut and extende ad
hearty welcome to Rear Admiral Evans, his
officers and men. —Missouri World.
Bryan Candidacy Fully Endorsed.
Lincoln, Neb., January 15. —Nearly 1,300
political friends and personal admirers of
William J. Bryan tonight attended a dollar
dinner at the auditorium. Half as many more
occupied seats as spectators. The affair was
intended as an indorsement of Bryan’s can
didacy for the presidential nomination. The
speeches were aggressively Democratic, but
good words were said for President Roosevelt
and kindly expressions were made for radical
leaders in the Republican party. The speeches
with the exception of that of Governor Bro
ward of Florida, were long, with Mr. Bryan
last on the program. —Birmingham Age-
Herald.
Aldrich Bill Introduced.
When the senate met again, Tuesday, Sen
ator Aldrich introduced his currency bill, and
it was immediarely referred to the committee
on finance, of which he is chairman. The prin
cipal features of this bill are the authoriza
tion of the issue of national bank notes to an
amount equal only to the capital stock, as
heretofore; the provision that the tax on cir
culation secured bv other than United States
bonds shall be used to create a special reserve
fund for the redemption of United States and
other notes. Another provision is that all
bank notes under this bill are to state upon
their face that they will be redeemed by the
United States in lawful currency upon pre
sentation at the treasury, instead of bearing
the present legend that they are secured by
the guarantee of United States bonds depos
ited with the treasurer. Another is that banks
must carry 10 per cent of their reserves in
their own vaults. The bill provides for an
additonal issue of bank circulation, which
shall not exceed in the aggregate $250,000,
subject to a tax of 6 per cent, and which may
be secured by state, county and municipal
bonds. An important provision is that giving
the secretary of the treasury and the comp
troller discretion as to the necessity of this
additional issue and the amount to be put out.
The bill is understood to have the vigorous op
position of Charles N. Fowler, chairman of the
house committee on banking and currency, and
its fate in the lower branch of congress is
problematical.—News-Scimiter.
Fares in Tennessee Will be Reduced.
Nashville, Tenn., Jan. 17.—The Tennessee
Railroad Commission today unanimously
adopted a resolution ordering all railroads in
tills state to put on a two and one-half cent
flat passenger rate, the same to go into effect
on April 1, of this year. —Atlanta Journal.
I
Journalism for Vardaman.
Governor James K. Vardaman, of Missis
sippi, will enter journalism again when his
term expires as governor. He will establish
a weekly paper. It will be printed at Jack
son, Mississippi.
Activity Promised by New Senator.
William J. Bryan, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
recently appointed to United States Senate,
by Governor Broward, says he intends to de
vote every energy and power of body, to
making the best senator any state has ever
had. ,
He is the youngest in the Senate.
FROM A COLLEGE CLASS-MATE.
Macon, Ga., December 24, 1907.
My Dear Tom: Enclosed please find my
check for $2.50 to renew my subscription to
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the monthly. For
the present, stop mailing the publications to
me at Macon, and have them mailed to my ad
dress, care United States Senate, Washington,
D. C. lam glad to hear that the Weekly and
the magazine are prospering, and I hope your
success with them will be all that you antici
pate and desire.
I highly enjoyed seeing you recently in
Washington, and particularly enjoyable to me
was our evening together at the theater. Be
cause of this, 11 The Time, the Place and the
Girl” will always be a pleasant recollection
to me. Make another visit to Washington real
soon, and we shall go to see the “footlights”
once more.
lam at home spending the holidays. While
coming from Washington last week I was de
lighted to find Governor Jelks, of Alabama, or
“Billy” Jelks, as we were fond of calling him
in our days at Mercer University, aboard the
train. We had long and pleasant chats en
route of our college associations. He spoke in
admiration of you, and said he would like so
much for us three to meet in Atlanta some
time in memory of the days of Auld Lang
Syne. Not having seen you or Jelks in a long
time, it was a coincidence that I should have
met you both within the past week or so.
Jelks and I recalled numerous pleasant re
miniscences of our Sophomore year, and he re
ferred to an occasion when Prof. Sanford,
of blessed memory, sent you to the blackboard
to work out a problem in astronomy, trigo
nometry, or something of the sort, and you
kept floundering around trying to solve the
matter, while “Old Shelt,” as we fondly