PAGE TWELVE
THE BRYANITE BOODLE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
never fails to warn his people that the election
of the other fellow means the ruin of the
country, and then the minute he sees that the
other fellow has won, he congratulates him on
his victory. Which proves how sincere Bryan
is, in all things.
The Express Companies hit the Bryanites
for $13,000. Yet they will not help us estab
lish the Parcels Post.
The Speakers who went around spell-bind
ing the helpless voters were paid $33,000. How
much of this went to the negro orators —such
as the Cosmopolitan Club Secretary—we would
like to know, but don’t. Did the Bryanites
bear the expense of getting out that negro cir
cular, in which it was stated that the negro
leaders had ‘“been in communication with Mr.
Bryan for weeks and had received satisfactory
pledges from him? We suspect that they did.
WILL BRYAN DENY IT?
“Organization of States” cost the Bryanites
$129,000.
How much did it cost to “organize” the
state of Georgia? “Organize” is such a sweet
word, suggestive of wind instruments and soft
pedalling! We crave to learn to what extent
dear old Georgia was organized.
Then, again, we find that the Bryanites
spent $37,400 in their frantic-efforts to swing
the labor vote. And after all, the labor vote
“slipped the bridle,” as usual. But who got
the $37,400? My! That’s a mint o’ money,—
what went with it?
Mr. Bryan, won’t you please tell us?
We discover that the Bryanite Finance Com
mittee cost $26,586.00. That was the Commit
tee upon which served our Tobacco Trust Mil
lionaire, Major Moses Wetmore. Naturally,
you would expect the Major’s Committee to be
quite freehanded in spending other people’s
money,—and so it was. The Major, re
member, told Haskell that the $20,000 which
he contributed (for Standard Oil,) “would not
pay for the cocktails drunk in this establish
ment.”
Will Mr. Bryan tell us, in confidence, how
much was the drink bill at his headquarters?
Did it not, in fact, run into the thousands of
dollars? We say that it did,—WILL BRYAN
DENY IT?
P. S. We trust that the tens of thousands
of men of moderate means, who made personal
sacrifices to give financial aid to Bryan, feel
perfectly satisfied with the way in which the
money was squandered.
By-the-bye, we hope that nobody under
stands us to mean that we believe that the fi
nancial statement given out by Bryan’s man
agers is a full disclosure of the facts, — for we
don’t believe anything of the kind.
► »
"Bryan a Back Number.
In his paper, W. J. B. is solemnly running a
serial called “Solving the Mystery of 1908.”
WHY WE LIKE A MULE.
Because he is the most tireless
worker on the farm.
He eats less than a horse, but does
more work.
He is always as good as cash in the
bank.
He never falls through a hole in a
bridge and generally keeps out of
danger.
He is an excellent saddle animal if
you know how to saddle him.
His feet stand hard roads better
than those of a horse.
He is more intelligent than a horse.
He is never in love, but attends
strictly to business all the time.
He is never sick but once and then
If Bryan’s sense of the ridiculous were at
all keen, he would not do a thing like that.
There wasn’t any “mystery of 1908,” —so far
as his crushing defeat is concerned. It is plain
enough to everybody, excepting the Peerless,
himself, that the country is tired of him. He
has staled his presence. He has monopolized
the stage too long, he has talked too everlast
ingly much, has ridden too many different hob
bies, has snatched up and thrown down so
many paramount issues, he has displayed such •
a devouring selfishness and such an unquench
able thirst for money and office that the whole
country is ready to cry out, “Enough of Bry
an!” '
Yet, his virtual announcement of his candi
dacy for the nomination in 1912 is no surprise
to us. His love of notoriety, adulation and
money will keep him in the race, as long as he
lives. Each nomination is worth his weight in
gold to him. It gives him value as a lecturer
and writer, and it keeps up interest in his pa
per.
Every other reformer in this land has lost
ducats by his reform work, but Bryan has got
rich out of his. Old man Bennett, alone, gave
him $12,000 in cash. Bryan was willing to
pocket $50,000 more of the Bennett lucre, but
a grim New England widow set herself in mo
tion . against that secret legacy, and “busted”
the will which Bryan didn’t know how to write.
We note that a New York man has started
out to reorganize Democratic clubs to support
Bryan’s candidacy for the nomination in 1912.
What has New York got to do with it? How
can New Yorkers have the impudence to take
the lead in the matter, after the showing they
made on Nov. 3rd?
The North does not elect a Democratic Pres
ident, —the South has it to do. The Southern
States furnish two-thirds of the electoral votes
necessary to the success of the Democratic na
tional ticket.
Hereafter the South is going to dictate to the
National Democratic Convention.
AND THE SOUTH WILL NEVER
AGAIN SUBMIT TO THE NOMINATION
OF MR. BRYAN.
Even now his son, William J. Jr., is being
educated at a college which admits negro stu
dents on a plane of Social Equality with the
whites. At this school, Mr. Bryan educated
a daughter and another son. To this college,
Mr. Bryan donates, yearly, $250.
The South cannot afford to endorse Bryan’s
Social Equality views bv voting for him, AF
TER SHE HAS LEARNED HOW HE
STANDS ON THIS VITAL QUESTION.
Nebraska encourages the intermarriage of
blacks with whites, and Mr. Bryan has never
uttered a word against miscegenation. HIS
STATE IS POLLUTED BY A PRACTICE
WHICH THE ENTIRE SOUTH REGARDS
WITH HORROR, AND HE ACQUIESCES
ciS®Sy®iS®iSo3)®S)®iS)SS®S)SS)
he dies. But who ever saw a dead
mule since the war?
He never stops to fight ' Hies as a
horse does, because his hide is tough
er.
He is just as gentle as a horse if he
has not been spoiled in breaking.
His age cuts little figure in a sale.
Nobody cares much how old a mule
is.
He will bring from $l5O to $250
when he is full grown if he is big and
smooth and strong.—f'arm World.
AN OLD FASHIONED WOMAN.
This is the tale of an old fashioned
woman, Her husband, who had accu-
TJeffcrsonian
mulated wealth as the years went by
and had begun to take life easy, wor
ried because his wife worked as hard
as ever. He hired a cook and within
two weeks found his wife waiting on
the cook. Then he hired a maid to
wait on the cook and a short time aft
erward found his wife waiting on the
maid. At one time he had hired four
persons, a man, a cook, the maid and
a scrub woman, and found that his
wife worked as hard as ever. (This
is an explanation of why a certain
man sits on the front porch and reads
and smokes while his wife, who has
earned equal right-to rest, is scrub
bing in the kitchen. .She is enjoying
herself in her way just as much as he
is in his.) —Atchison Globe.
IN IT BY HIS SILENCE, AND BY SEND
ING HIS CHILDREN TO SCHOOLS
WHERE JUST SUCH IDEAS ORIGINATE
AND GATHER STRENGTH.
Now that the Southern people know these
things, how can Southern delegates ever vote
to nominate Bryan again?
They simplv cannot do it.
HUH
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
At last the unexpected has happened.
One big financier has been convicted of crime
and placed behind prison bars.
Charles F. Morse, the Ice King and high fi
nancier, has been found guilty of violating the
national banking laws, and it will be the best
lesson that can be taught Morse’s class of Wall
street rascals.
Not satisfied with raising the price of ice
to a prohibitive point during the hot wave in
New York City a few years ago, thus causing
the death of hundreds of innocent children and
babies in the crowded sections -of that city
which the poor are compelled to occupy, he re
sorted to other means of piling up his milions,
He was a director in a chain of banks and
the head of the Bank of North America.
He was also a plunger in Wall street, —on
the money of his bank’s depositors.
He made his cashiers lend him tremendous
sums on small security, or no security at all,
and he overdrew his account hundreds of thou
sands.
But the day of reckoning came, as it usually
does.
While he was making his biggest plunges in
Wall street, the panic came on.
When his bank’s depositors wanted their
money they could not get it because Morse had
taken it.
Then the Bank of North America failed, and
numbers of its correspondents, one after the
other.
It was then that Morse’s methods became
public, followed by his flight to Europe.
When his trial began, few thought that so
powerful a financier could be convicted, but he
was, and he was put behind the bars.
After all, Morse is only a fair type of the
Wall street financier, and hundreds of others
deserve his fate, but the conviction of even one
is a good sign and a warning to the others.
The government has at last made some prog
ress in the prosecution of one Trust, the To
bacco Trust.
Four judges in the United States Circuit
Court, at New York City, have decided that
the Tobacco Trust has been operating in vio
lation of the Sherman anti-trust law and in re
straint of trade.
If the government can succeed in dissolving
just one big trust, the others will take to cover.
SIGN OF PRECOCITY.
1 irst Magazine Editor —I believe
my youngster is cut out for an editor.
Second Editor—Why so?
First Editor—Exerything he gets
his hands on he runs and throws into
the wastebasket.—Lippincott’s Maga
zine.
WADE’S IMPROVED long staple
cotton seed makes 2 bales per acre;
brings 20c. per pound; cheap at $5,
but will sell one bushel for $3, or two
for $5.
C. B. WADE, Vosburg, Miss.