If there is any brooding more pathetic,
any anxiety more acute than that of the unin
spired hen in charge of ducklings that have
been apportioned to her rearing through the
unfairness of some barnyard plotting, it is
that of the editor of the Manufacturers’ Rec
ord when h 6 surveys any steps toward reform.
One of his latest ponderous warnings is en
titled “Reform as to Receivers’ Fees and its
Dangers. ’ ’ Reform to this editor means ex
actly what a pond does to the hen. lie is
full of loathing of it, and cannot imagine any
capable of gleefully swimming there
in.
Hence his solemn admonition. The abuses
practiced relative to receiverships under the
New York laws —which are about the same as
other states’ laws, by the way—were such
that estates could be literally devoured in
fees to receivers, attorneys and others sup
posedly appointed for the purpose of saving
the wreckage and making the most of it for
the creditors and the owners. Under the per
centage basis of charge, a receiver could real
ize payment on account of his position—oft
en there was little or no real work involved
—that was beyond all reason. The receivers
and counsel for the Knickerbocker Trust Co.,
for instance, were allowed $75,000 each, but
the Attorney General of the State secured
an injunction to prevent the payment of this
sum, and the fees were cut down to SBO,OOO
or $20,000 each.
According to the new banking law, the
State Superintendent of Banking acts as the
official liquidator of all banks which fail, where
they are incorporated by the State. This at
once cuts down the plundering by receivers
and lawyers, gives them a fair return for the
work they do and ability they bring to bear
upon it, and removes the temptation to the
wrecker to throw a concern into bankruptcy
for the sake of the rake-off.
“Give us each day our daily cripple,” is a
Hon. Thos. E. Watson
WILL MAKE ADDRESSES AT THE FOLLOWING POINTS:
CARROLLTON, GA., August 28th. ATHENS, GA., Sept. 16th.
MILLEN, GA., Sept. 2d. MAYSVILLE, GA, Sept. 17th.
LOUISVILLE, GA , Sept. 3d. | CORNELIA, GA, Sept. 18th.
IDYLWILD (S’?) GA, Sept. 4th. MADISON, GA., Sept. 23d.
ALBANY, GA, Sept. 9th. CARTERSVILLE, GA., Sept. 24th.
BAINBRIDGE, GA., Sept. 10th. ROME, GA., Sept. 25th.
QUITMAN, GA., Sept. 11th. SPEAKING at all places BEGINS AT 10 A. M.
A regular schedule of Mr. Watson’s speeches will be printed in the Jef
fersonian during the campaign, and every voter in Georgia will be given an
opportunity to hear him.
WFN OF LARGE ABILITY
THE JEFERSONIAN.
prayer that rises in many an honest pirate’s
heart as he views some prospering institu
tion which could be hurt to his own profit.
Now the law as it stands in New York today
is a serious detriment to that kind of gentle
man and hence the editor is obliged to view it
as a just reform. Only he sighs out his
fear:
“Yet there is danger on the other side.
The handling of large undertakings requires
men of large ability. It is hardly possible
that men of great financial power could be in
duced to accept the receivership of financial
institutions, with all the responsibility and
work involved, for the nominal remuneration
allowed under the new law,” etc.
Always the financial fetish that rich men
are necessarily “men of large ability” when,
as a matter of fact, under our present class
legislation, there is more genuine ability, hus
tle and versatility required to run a peanut
stand than there is to head a National Bank.
In the one instance, the proprietor has to
make good or go under in competition. In the
other, things are pretty well arranged. To
have this “large ability” our editor so pro
foundly admires is to possess the spondulicks
necessary to hire an individual lawyer, an
accountant or any poor devil with BRAINS to
figure out the problems.
When poor John Smith, real estate
dealer, lights on some cinch that he,
John Smith, can’t take advantage of
himself, he goes to the fat, conserva
tive, ‘ ‘ large ability ’ ’ man and, after
surviving the frost which meets him at the
door, and enduring as much humiliation as the
man of “large ability” is pleased to inflict,
John Smith unfolds the plan. Sometimes he is
given a tiny slice of the resultant profits, in
money; but never in the world does the man
of “large ability” confess that it was not
HIS shrewdness, HIS foresight, HIS fine, con
servative, level-headed judgment that picked
out the cinch and nailed it down before any
body else got on the ground.
It’s so unutterably sickening to hear this
prattle about men of “large ability.” We’ve
got them, thank heaven, but they are not, as
a rule, gracing the mahogany fittings of a bank
or other big commercial house. These are very
often the accidents of fortune, in power by
the grace of subordinates who work for a
weekly wage. Here and there a real Captain
of Industry rises from the ranks, but the vast
majority of such large ability people as the
editor of the Record reverences would be in a
pitiful blue funk if asked to extract a cube
root, or tackled by a subject which needed
phosphorus, not fat, for its solving.
And if a really big man, of really large
ability, did have an opportunity to display it
and save to poor stockholders or depositors a
large portion of their investments, why should
he not consider it as much a responsibility as
any other civic duty? We rather think he
would —if he were the right sort of man and
had the Simon-pure large ability.
The fact is that we are hypnotized by ex
ternals. The fellow in the automobile im
presses us as of larger ability than the one in
the carriage and as for him who walks —why,
he can’t have any brains at all! The “boiled
shirt” has the eternal come-over the hickory.
We bow to the smug and fat-jowled, who sit
in the silent pretense of wisdom and twiddle
their thumbs. While the man who is doing
things worth while —and who does not express
traditional clap-trap—belongs to the ‘ ‘ wild
eyed ranters,” and has literally to fight his
way against the lethargy of the drones and
the opposition of the so-called “conservatives”
until it is a wonder there is any man left with
grit enough to win his way, through the big
otry and selfishness of the majority, to the em
inence of leadership.
Tom Dolan.
PAGE FIVE