NATIONAL RESOURCES.
(Continued from Page Two.)
ed as a part of the constitutional authority
of the federal government, the first step in
the problem of conserving the natural re
sources will be more clearly understood than
at the present time. If, on the other hand,
it should be shown that the present definition
of state and federal powers is sufficient, the
conference will perform, good service by in
dicating the apportionment of authority and
of responsibility, and by directing the con
centration of effort upon either power for the
performance of its respective duties.
The need of immediate action for the con
servation of the natural resources of the
country is undisputed. Much has been said
of the need of forest preservation. The con
servation and utilization of water supply, for
navigation, power, or irrigation, is closely
allied to the problem of the forests. The coal
supply of the country is not inexhaustible.
Moreover, the country has been as wasteful
of its fuel as it has been wasteful of other
supplies. The protection of the remaining
fuel beds of the country demands con
sideration. So do the problems concerning
the ore beds. The agricultural states have
problems that must come before this confer
ence, or its successors. Irrigation and drain
age, the study of soils and scientific agricul
ture, calculated to increase the capacity of
production, are means of conserving and de
veloping the natural resources. The purpose
of the conference at Washington is not merely
that of agitation. The Governors of the states,
and other leading citizens, are not to assemble
for a course of instruction. There are other
means, now intelligently employed, for
acquainting the people with the needs of the
country. The problem before this confer
ence is to determine the means for meeting
these needs. That problem cannot be solved
along the lines of any narrow consideration
of the respective rights of state and federal
governments. “A condition, not a theory, con
fronts As.”
Centralization and federal authority must
cease to be a bogey frightening men from sane
consideration of a nation’s need. State rights
must no longer be a fetich. Action must be
taken, or this extravagant nation will im
poverish itself. It would be a confession of
weakness if the people were permitted to suf
fer through the clash of rival powers. Irriga
tion and reclamation have been undertaken on
a large scale by the national government.
Until recently the federal power in forest
preservation has been unchallenged. The peo
ple have just learned that the relation of a
navigable river to the forests concerned must
be proved to the satisfaction of a congressional
committee before the federal government can
intervene for the preservation of the timber
resources within a state. As The Herald
pointed out yesterday, the protection of great
river valleys on the western slopes of the
Appalachian range—the conserving of re
sources in those watersheds —is obstructed by
the lack of federal authority, and the inability
of the authority of any single state to work out
the problem alone. The reclamation of south-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ern swamps is subject to a similar handicap.
The situation will be duplicated in many
phases of the problem which the Washington
conference will consider. What will be the
attitude of the assembled Governors of the
states? Will a broader view of the federal
power be encouraged, and indorsement given
to an extension of the service so admirably
begun in the department of agriculture? Or
will there be an evidence of readiness on the
part of the states to assume the responsibili
ties and to act in concert in the accomplish
ment of desired ends? What will be re
cognized as the respective limits of authority
for the federal and state governments acting
for the solution of these problems? These
limits will also mark the respective responsi
bility. When these definitions are established
the force of public sentiment can be more ef
fectively directed. —Boston Herald.
KEEP THE SCHOOLHOUSE OPEN.
Why should our schools be closed during
the summer? Is it to give the teachers a va
cation? They certainly need it, but could
not substitutes be found? Is it for the sake
of economy? What worse economy is there
than that which provides conditions which not
only lead to the tremendous expense of courts
and reformatories, but to the infinitely greater
cost of lives that have been ruined through
that mischief which Satan finds for idle
hands?
Boys land girls might be injured by a
twelve months’ application to books? There
are other things than books in our educa
tion. The vacation school should tgach some
thing else than winter school.
Why not teach a trade? Or play? At any
rate boys and girls ought to be kept off the
street. And it makes no difference whether
the street is in the city or in the small town.
A great many of us think that the small town
street is as demoralizing as the city street.
Notwithstanding all our talk about the new
education, our schools still can be improved.
But the reform that is needed is not so much
in the curriculum as in the conception of the
very purpose of school. It is all very well to
discuss 1 ‘Frills” and the “Three R’s,” but
let us open our eyes to something more funda
mental. The welfare of the community de
mands training in self-restraint and plain de
cency.
When that happy day for which we look
dawns and we all come to our senses, we shall
see that the duty of the State is not to teach
boys and girls for nine months in the year
and then turn them loose for three months,
we shall see to it that if fathers and mothers
forsake their children then the State shall
take them up—into school, not jail. If it is
the-.duty of the school to keep growing chil
dren from bad influences in the winter, it is
even more its duty to keep children from evil
in the summer. —Editorial in The World To
day, for June.
Wh A ndZ cured; quick relief; removes all swell-
IB Be 11I*\ V Ing In Bto 20 days; 80 to 60 days effects
1 permanent cure. Trial treatment given
** free to sufferers; nothing fairer. ros
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
' PR- IL GREEN’S SONSi Bos K. Atlanta. Ga,
Neuralgia
Pains
Are the result of an
abnormal condition of
the more prominent nerve
branches, caused by con
gestion, irritation, or dis
ease. If you want to re
lieve the pain try Dr. Miles
Anti-Pain Pills. They
often relieve when every
thing else fails. They
leave no disagreeable
after-effects. Just a
pleasurable sense of re
lief. Try them.
“I have neuralgia headache right
over my eyes, and I am really afraid
that my eyes will burst. I also have
neuralgia pain around my heart. I
have been taking Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills recently and find they re
lieve these troubles quickly. I seldom
find it necessary to take more than
two tablets for complete relief.”
MBS. KATHERINE BARTON
1117 Valley St, Carthage, Mo.
“I have awful spells of neuralgia
and have doctored a great deal with
out getting much benefit. For the
last two years I have been taking
Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain Pills and they
always relieve me. I have been so
bad with neuralgia that I sometimes
thought I would go crazy. Sometimes
it is necessary to take, two of them,
but never more and they are sure to
relieve me.” MRS. ‘ FERRIER,
2434 Lynn St., Lincoln, Neb.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Antl-
Pain Pills, and we authorize him to
return the price of first package (only)
If It fails to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
'Jk Aj SANITARIUM
f or treatment of Nervous
Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
and other drug addictions.
I®®w ® For particulars, address
Dr - B - M - Woolley Co.
ATLANTA, GA.
Mr. Watson at Atlanta
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July
16th will contain a full report of
Mr. Watson’s Speech at Atlanta on
July 9th.
Single copies, 5 cents. Bundles
of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in
your orders for extra copies.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
7„ ■ ■■■ -
100 PRINTED ENVELOPES FREE
With your return name and address, if you
send 25 cents for a year’s subscription to
THE RURAL GEORGIAN. The Great Depart
ment Monthly. It should be in every South
ern home. You will be pleased, or money re
funded. Address: THE RURAL GEQRGUN,
Gainesville, Ga.
PAGE ELEVEN