will be a complete wiping out of any State
authority to control anything.
When a State delegates any of its sovereign
powers or duties, it goes dead wrong, as was
done for years when Georgia committed to
individuals the right to exploit and abuse’ its
convicts. When the National Government
delegates to corporations rights which that
corporation should acquire by conforming to
the laws of each State in which it desires to
pursue its affairs, it commits a foul wrong
upon the liberties of the States.
❖ ❖ * *
Philanthropy, forsooth !
Better throw books away than have Ameri
can education “standardized” according to
the standards of such creatures as Rocke
feller ! Between the mind that thinks and
formulates, and the mind that reads and ab
sorbs, there is a gtdf fixed that can never,
never be bridged. Better ten men and women
of the former class to a civilization, than mil
lions of the other. For the one will reach the
God-given ideal and hold it fast and spread
its irresistible light until the world MUSI 1
be illumined; the other passively accepts er
ror if that is fed it by “standardized” educa
tional methods, and its mental slavery is the
precursor of its complete subjugation.
When medical schools must have millions
for “research”, medicine would better pass.
Harvey needed no millions to discover the cir
culation of the blood, though ages of cul-
superstition and mere books had over
looked it. Pasteur needed no millions, when
be developed many laws of life; Lister freed
surgery from the horrors of blood-poison, and
an humble Georgia doctor gave to the world
perhaps its greatest benefice—anaesthesia.
The list is long and glorious of those who
fought out the battle and achieved for hu
manity, and those who would fatten upon
Rockefeller “research" money are not of the
heroic type which gained these victories.
They can putter about in a laboratory, tor
ture some innocent little suffering animals,
maybe—but the Fate which presides over ge
nius and self-sacrifice will not give to them
results.
As for the Churches which will take Rocke
feller money —they are worse than infidels.
For. as a rule, the infidel will respect the
manly purity of Jesus, if he denies His di
vinity—while a Church cannot take it and
honestly believe in either.
“In the belief that this postal savings bank
legislation is not for the best interests of the
Fighting
the Postal
Savings
Banks.
man, the investor and the saver. We are en
gaged in a campaign to EDUCATE THE
PEOPLE on this topic, and while the ex
pense is heavy, WE RECKON NOT TIIE
COSTA
Oh, suds’ Do you get that? The Ameri
can Bankers’ Association ''engaged in a pa
triotic work, at its own expense! Our intel
igence is not insulted at the mere idea, but it
is cruel to think our sense of humor is so
soggy that it requires a joke of such crudity
to tickle our risibilities.
« * * *
And have you observed the knightly Joe
Bailey, once the proud asset of Texas but
now Chief Flunkey to the Standard Oil, bat
tling with frantic vigor against the Postal
Banks? What a transparent fraud he is get
ting to be! He is speaking for the Income
Tax, well knowing that its ratification is
highly doubtful, and.even if ratified it must
run the gauntlet of the caprice (to say noth
ing worse) of the Supreme Court; but the
Postal Savings Bank bill, a measure which
the people want and should have; and a
American people we (The
American Bankers' Associa
tion) have sent literature and
petitions broadcast, with the
idea of enlisting the attention
of the banker, the commercial
3effersonlan
Pa reels-Post of which they stand in even
greater need and both of which would have
no such opposition as the Income Tax, he is
knifing to every extent that is in his treach
erous power. Texas should repudiate him
utterly. He has betrayed her first faith, and
her later condonence of his disgraceful rela
tions with the Rockefeller crowd.
The Postal Savings Bank Bill passed the
Senate and is now to be taken up by the
House.
Henry S. Pritchett, of New York, Presi
dent of the Carnegie Foundation for the Ad
vancement of Teaching, gives
Let Us
Have All
the Medical
Light
Possible.
whole of Europe. Each of our schools in the last ten
years has graduated so many physicians and sur
geons that the overproduction has become enor
mous. A four years’ medical education in the
Chicago, Baltimore or Philadelphia schools costs
more than a six years’ course at Ann Arbor, or
about the same as at the University of Minnesota,
at Minneapolis. The highly trained graduate of
Ann Arbor or Minnesota will go forth better
equipped than the graduate of the so-called poor
boy’s school and with no more expense.”
What Mr. Pritchett fails to grasp are two
broad facts, however: one, that a large per
centage of graduates in medicine never prac
tice and that the “overproduction" takes care
of itsef quite naturally in accordance with
the law of supply and demand, and that, of
all education, that afforded by a medical
school more nearly fits the individual for un
derstanding the phenomena of life, and deal
ing intelligently with (he complex problems
of existence. We have had a surfeit of legis
lation by lawyers and theorists, and the
“overproduction” of doctors affords one hope
that laws may one day be shaped to fit hu
manity and not humanity forced to fit laws,
many of which are in absurd disaccord with
the facts of life and Nature.
Whatever the European physician may be,
the American doctor is a tireless public ser
vant, and the truest missionary that ever went
forth to heal the hurts of mankind, mental
or physical. He is the confessor par-excel-
into whose patient ears go confidences
too sacred for other hearing, and a certain
friend in the hour of deepest woe. when per
haps all others have failed.
No. we can't have too much medical educa
tion. As a means of culture, without refer
ence to “making a living" out of it, the medi
cal school would be infinitely better for the
average young man or woman than is the
ordinary literary college, and especially so
for the woman. Greek and Latin and higher
mathematics are well in their way. but chem
istry. hygeine, sanitation, etc., will do more
in one generation to reduce infant mortality
and to bring health into communities where
in. through ignorance of Nature’s laws, ty
phoid fever and other scourges reign, than
all the flub-dub of a “finishing school" which
doesn’t prepare the future “Mother in Israel'’
for any of the vital things of after-life.
With the death of Tom Platt there fades
from view another of the “old guard’’ Repub-
Death of
T. C. Platt.
at least a degree of the same
“success” in business and in politics, but did
not live so long as to be an embarrassment to
the men they made.
Doubtless Teddy R. will cheerfully forget
Platt and many of the “uncaughts” will give
perfunctory mourning, and experience relief
that the Easy Boss is no more.
At best, Platt served selfishness and sowed
out the following “bright re
marks” concerning the output
of doctors:
“We have in this country
about 150 medical schools, or
more than are to be found in the
licans who had his day and
has, happily, ceased to be.
A host of his like have had
for himself the harvest of humiliation he
reaped in the dreary years when, dishonored
and forgotten, he waited the final summons.
Did men corrupt the party, or did the up
building of the huge Republican machine
crtuh into submission all who believed they
could only win, from the inside?
Platt was ignorant, selfish, corrupt. An
other Joe Cannon, perhaps.
Their day has passed. But will the young
element be different, or in turn be overborne
by the relentlessness of organization?
The revelations of corruption have been
horrifying. The statesman goes down in de
feat, that the tool of greed may be put in
charge of legislation. What must be the ul
timate status of a people who fall upon the
sleep of civic apathy, who are blinded by
party name, who worship money and the out
ward success which is bought at the price of
manly conviction ?
“Princess Clementine, the youngest daughter
of the late King Leopold, of Belgium, whose
forthcoming marriage to
The “Sanctity
of Marriage”
Where Roy
alty Is
Concerned.
now thirty-eight years o F asre
and has been secretly engaged to Prince Victor
for a number of years, but her royal father would
not permit the marriage, owing to the fact that
her lover was a pretender to a throne. Prince
Victor has a ‘morganatic’ -wife and four children.”
Spicy little item, isn’t it? But the “mar
riage” of the Princess Clementine will be
duly solemnized with all the pomp and cere
mony that the Church of Rome can give it,
just the same. The “holy church” hates di
vorce, and bitterly laments it. but never
cheeps at the doings of those whose “rile”
blood or still more roval coffers can purchase
a sanction upon anything they do.
The Penitentiary of Missouri has discard
ed the hideous stripes and put its prisoners in
decent, inconspicuous blue
Let Them
Look
Like Men.
Not Beasts.
change in the clothing was made, there was
not a single infraction of the prison rules,
although there are 2,345 inmates.
Missouri is to be congratulated on taking
the enlightened step. No good ever came of
the grotesque garb, and no offender was ever
reformed bv loading him with needless and
cruel humiliation. Mav other penitentiaries
adopt the same plan adopted by Missouri.
After a prolonged and bitter fight. ex-Gov
ernor Vardaman. of Mississippi, was defeat-
The Result
tn Mississippi.
has been elected. Vardaman announced his
candidacy, however, for the Senate at the ex
piration of Perov’s term, which will be in
1913.
" Read What THOS. E. WATSON
” Says About "
:: FOREIGN MISSIONS |
- Second Edition of “Foreign Missions
Exposed” now on the Press. More
- than 150 Pages. Richly Illustrated.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER COPY
Prince Victor Napoleon Bona
parte, the imperialist claim
ant to the throne of France
will transform her from a
princess into a would-be em
press. Princess Clementine is
uniforms.
Each convict can hereafter
avoid the glaring degrada
tion of the stripes bv good
behavior. The first day the
ed in his race for the Sen
ate. to fill the unexpired
term of the late Senator
McLaurin, and Leroy Perov
PAGE FIVE