PAGE TWELVE
Fight That Central Bank and Let
the Greenbacks Alone!
(concluded from page one)
the indispensable coin were enabled to com
pel their unfortunate countrymen to pay ex
tortionate prices for the money of legal pay
ment.
Christ’s indignation was aroused by this,
and in His rage He lashed the monopolistic
rascals, driving them away from the temple.
But He did not destroy the money
changer’s system. It made possible the con
centration of wealth in Egypt, Persia, As
syria, Rome, and modern Europe. It is one of
the main causes of the frightful distress
which now prevails in Great Britain, on the
Continent, and. in the United States. The
money-changers rule Europe and America.
They are reducing millions to penury. Their
rapacity has no mercy and no limits.
Listen !
The damage that was done by the Govern
ment to the common people of this country,
during the years which followed the Civil
War, immensely exceeded the losses inflicted
on the nation by the four years of carnage.
There were 121,000 failures, between 1867
and 1886, with liabilities of more than $2,500,-
000,000! What on earth was the matter?
The soldiers had all returned to work. The
swords had been beaten into ploughshares.
Grain waved over the battle-fields. Cotton
whitened where the camp had been pitched.
Enormous harvests had been garnered. The
spindles were humming in all the mills; ham
mers clanged in all the shops. Wheels of in
dustry were turning, turning, turning
throughout all the length and breadth of the
land.
Why, then, that fearful number of failures?
Why were so many strong swimmers going
down? Why so many vessels wrecked? Why
such a storm upon the commercial seas?
THE BLA CK - HEARTED FINAN
CIERS WERE BURNING UP YOUR
MONEY.
A venal, servile Congress was enacting con
traction laws. The paper currency was being
drawn to Washington, where it was literally
cast into the furnace.
More than a thousand million dollars of
Greenbacks, and other paper used as money,
were destroyed, in the course of a few years:
prices reduced by the lessening of the supply
of currency: labor thrown out of employ
ment; debtors crushed by falling values; and
a haughty, overbearing, soulless Plutocracy
enthroned.
With their damnable single-gold-standard,
the Morgans and Rothschilds have enchained
the Western world, and they are now plan
ning the conquest of the East.
The papers announce that Morgan has pur
chased control of the Equitable Life As
surance Company, thus acquiring the mastery
of its three hundred and twenty-five millions
of dollars. This money-king now wields, in
America alone, cash assets of more than a
thousand millions of dollars.
And he is the insolent, cynical brute who
declared in Paris, tiro years ago, THAT
THE AMERICAN ' WORKINGMEN
WOULD HAVE TO “SUBMIT OR
STARVE'' — the submission being to just
such wages as the employers choose to give.
Morgan controls your Government. He
did so under Cleveland, did so under Roose
velt. does so under Taft. Your ambassadors
abroad are agents of the Morgan montey
trust. A word from him. caused the dismis
sal of Crane, the minister appointed to
China.
When the Rhode Island Mephistopheles
had won out in his higher-tariff fight, last
spring, it was to Morgan that he immediately
“reported”, by wireless telegram. And Al
drich named to his boss the insurgent Sena
tors who had opposed his infamous bill.
Those Republican insurgents are now under
G>bc 'Seffersontan
fire, and the effort is being made to read them
out of the Republican party. (I hope Can
non-Aldrich persecution will drive La Fol
lette, Cumming, Dolliver, etc., into indepen
dent action. If it does, the South must line
up with them and fight New T England domi
. nation.)
What else does Morgan want, besides what
he has already got? These financiers never
get enough, you know. They crave more and
more, eternally. What else does the insatia
ble, dollar-mad rascal want?
He hates the Greenbacks, ($346,000,000)
which escaped the fiery furnace. They are in
the way of his money-trust. He wants, to put
HIS notes in the place of those Government
notes. Then he will be the Money King, sure
enough, absolutely controlling the volume of
currency and consequently the values of all
commodities.
Besides, he wants a great central bank, to
which all other banks will be what its tribu
taries are to the Mississippi.
Aldrich, reminded of Andrew Jackson's
war on the great central bank of his day.
said, with his usual insolence and cynicism,—
“Andrew Jackson was a great man, but he
is dead.”
Scoffing liar! No great man ever dies. No
great thought ever dies. Nature conserves
everything, and wastes nothing. Plato and
Socrates are living influences today, and al
ways will be. Caesar is fixed in the mind of
the world,'as he has ever been. Jefferson is
alive, Patrick Henry is alive, Ben Franklin is
alive, Abraham Lincoln is alive —and so is
Andrew Jackson.
FRIENDS, WAKE UP! ROUSE
YOURSELVES! Make Congress feel your
resistless strength. Besiege the Senate and
House with your letters, post-cards, tele
grams and petitions. Pester the life out of
Aldrich and Cannon. You can do it! Deluge
them with your wrathful warnings.
Write to your immediate Representative.
Appeal to your two Senators. Tell them to
let the Greenbacks alone. Tell them to fight
the Aldrich-Morgan central bank. Tell them,
that if they don’t do it, you will call county
meetings all over your State, and denounce
them as TRAITORS TO THE PEOPLE!
Yours is the power: use it! In the name of
our country’s future arouse yourselves, and
make them feel your existence.
Here I Come Again, Brother
Towson
( CONCLUDED FROM PAGE NINE)
consul? Let him look into the facts, and he
will discover that this is true.
Mr. Towson again taking me to task for not
putting more dependence upon the opinions
of travelers who tour the world, and who
take a casual glance at the missionary situa
tion, give it high praise. I have never de
nied that the millions of dollars spent in
educating, industrially training and spirit
ually guiding the foreign nations do not
benefit the objects of that benevolence. The
point I make is, that we don’t owe to heathen
dom the furnishing of orphans’ homes, wid
ows’ homes, lepers’ homes, free medicine,
medical service, surgical skill, free books,
free secular education, a free kindergarten,
an elegant school and college, and food and
clothing. We owe those things, first, to our
own home-folks. Not until the physical,
moral and educational wants of our own na
tional household have been supplied, have we
any right to carry abroad anything more
Mr. Watson's purpose is to save the Farm
ers'' Union from certain traitors WHO ARE
STEERING IT TOWARD THE ROCKS.
The organization itself, and the honest men
who are members of it, have no truer friend
than The Jeffersonian.
than Christ commanded, to wit: His message
and His law.
I know Mr. E. W. Stephens, of Missouri,
and have the highest regard for him, but how
could Mr. Stephens, or Mr. Ellis, or Mr.
Taft, or Mr. Roosevelt learn anything about
the inwardness of conditions in China by
spending a few days or a few weeks there in
a trip around the world?
Mr. Stephens has doubtless been to New
York many a time. Did he know of any
such conditions as those that were revealed
by the murder of Elsie Sigel? Mr. Bryan
has been to New York many times, but he
never suspected that such horrors could be
there. Mr. Roosevelt is not only a native of
New York, but he was Police Commissioner
of New York City, and he gave everything a
great shake-up there, as he did as President;
yet, apparently, he never once suspected that
such frightful things were happening in the
Chinese mission work as came to light after
the Elsie Sigel tragedy. Consequently, Mr.
Towson must excuse me from not attaching
much importance to the witnesses whom he
produces.
Does he know that Dr. August Bach, of
Los Angeles, California, recently returned to
this country, after twelve years of work in
the Chinese mission fields, and that he de
clared in an interview which was published
in the papers that there many an Elsie
Sigel case in China itself? Is not this mis
sionary of vastly more importance as a wit
ness than Mr. Ellis, or Mr. Stephens, or
Messrs. Taft, Bryan and Roosevelt? Dr.
Bach was a missionary himself, and his
twelve years of experience gives overwhelm
ing weight to his testimony.
Mr. Towson again refers to Rev. Dr. Mac-
Arthur. I have already explained in The
Jeffersonian that, in reading down the col
umn of the New York WorZd, I failed to see
where Dr. MacArthur quit talking and where
Rev. Dr. Asa Blackburn began. Because of
this inadvertency, I put into the mouth of
Dr. MacArthur words which had been spoken
by Mr. Blackburn; but the purport of what
Dr. MacArthur did say was so identical with
what Dr. Blackibum said that I failed to note
that I was passing from one witness to an
other.
Dr. MacArthur said, m so many words,
that he was glad when the Church decided to
drop the system which assigned a young white
woman as the teacher of each young China
man. for that, while his Church had not suf
fered anything worse than the marriage of
two of its white lady teachers to two China
men, he had seen the evil effects of that sys
tem of individual instruction all around,. Tn
substance, that is exactly what Dr. Blackburn
had said.
Both these ministers are very prominent in
New York City; both of them were inter
viewed at the same time: they corroborate
each other as to the awful things that had
happened under that system of mission work,
and what they said was printed in the same
column of the New York World of June 22d,
last.
Now, I fail to see how my side of the case
is weakened by the fact that it is Dr. Asa
Blackburn whose name I ought to have given
in quoting what was said. The standing of
Dr. Blackburn is as high a’s Dr. MacArthur:
and when you remember that Dr. MacArthur,
in a general way, confirmed what Dr. Black
burn said, you will perhaps wonder, as I do.
how Mr. Towson extracts so much satisfaction
out of it.
Mr. Towson asks, “What will he do about
it? Will he denounce Dr. MacArthur as he
did Dr. Wakefield? He dare not.” Mr. Tow
son evidently does not read the weekly Jef
fersonian, else he would know that I had al
ready explained to our readers just how it
came about that the words of Dr. Blackburn
were attributed to Dr. MacArthur: he would
furthermore know that I quoted in The Jes-