feudal aristocracy. With a dauntless courage
and undying faith in God and in the princi
ples of right, these brave pioneers went to
work to carve from the trackless forests a
land that would indeed and in truth be the
land of the free and the home of the brave.
Oppression followed them to this n?w land,
and to throw off the yoke, the dogs of war
were loosed and her hills and valleys ran red
with blood. The young American eagle tri
umphed over the British lion. Thus, in the
sacrifice of their life’s blood, our ancestors
founded this government that they meant for
all time to be the model form of government by
the people and for the people. * * *
For a time the wise counsel of Jefferson was
followed, and ruled the nation. The people
were free and happy. Gradually two great
parties grew up, and both became corrupt.
A new party —the Populist Party—
sprang into existence, more powerful than any
of its predecessors, led by a. man more force
ful, more honest mud more patriotic than any
the reform movements had ever had before.
In the bitter years that followed never once
did his faith grow less or the light of liberty
burn low. In the face of fierce defeat each
time he arose stronger and greater than be
fore. Everything possible was done to crush
out his own political life and the life of the
great principle for which he stood. Driven
away from the honors and emoluments of of
fice, he has forced the whole world to recog
nize the justness of Iris political ideas. Forced
to go upon the lecture platform, he is today
recognized as one of the most brilliant of
that great coterie of lecturers now on the
American platform. Driven into the field of
literature by circumstances, he has become
the greatest living writer. Five hundred years
from now, when the bitterness of partisan
politics has died away, the historian who shall
come to write of the age we live in will ac
cord to him his proper place —the greatest
writer, the most eloquent orator, the profound
est thinker, the wisest statesman of this age.
Such a man it is now my pleasure to present
to you, the chosen candidate of the Populist
Party for president of the United States, Hon.
Thomas E. Watson, of our own native stae.
Mr. Watson seemed deeply touched by the
magnificent ovation given him.
* * * * Always eloquent, always
forceful and always magnificent, he was at
his best. The closest attention was given him
throughout, and time and again the audience
went wild with enthusiasm. He was in best
of trim and voice. Not a word was lost by
that vast concourse of people. For two hours
he held their undivided attention. A very
touching incident was witnessed by those
nearest the stand when a number of the old
guard of Populists broke down and wept tears
when the speaker referred to the days gone by.
At the close of his address, it seemed that
the whole vast audience wanted to shake hands
with Mr. Watson, who never had more mag
nificent treatment than at Royston.
The bill passed by the Legislature providing
for the payment of pensions to the old soldiers
in lump, instead of quarterly sums, has been
approved.
THE jefersonian.
20,000 Telegraph Operators Needed
Young Men, Prepare Yourselves for Good Positions
On account of the new 8-hour law passed by congress in the interest of telegra
phers, and also on account of so many new railroads being built and old lines extended,
an unusual demand for operators has been created. Conservative estimates have
placed the number of additional Operators that will be required during the next ten
months at approximately 20,000.
YOUNG MEN, NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY! Enroll in our School NOW and
in only four to six months we will have you qualified for splendid positions. Telegraph
Operators receive from SSO upwards. Our school has been established twenty years; its
equipment is perfect; instruction thorough and practical; positions positively guaran
teed our graduates. Board in Newnan is very cheap; the town is healthful and the
people are cordial. Two Main Line Railroad Wires run into our School rooms. No
other school in the United States has such up-to-date and practical facilities for the
benefit of its students. Write at once for free descriptive literature.
SOUTHERN SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY, Box 520, Newnan, Ga.
♦
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
1 '
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all conditions arising
from a deranged liver—lndigestion, Biliousness, Con
stipation,. Dyspepsia, Sick Headache, etc.,
made according to the formula of
Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, therefore,
the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same family.’
Its action Is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply lexative reme
dies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will thoroughly
convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon.. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
I “Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions of
liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not now have
to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act of
June 30, 1906.
I ■OTMH —"-I TT* I H I
American Cotton College
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
For the education of farmers, clerks, merchants, warehousemen, cotton buyers, manu
facturers, and all others, young or old, who are unable to classify and put the correct valua
tion on 18 grades of cotton. Thirty day Scholarships in our sample rooms, or six wetks’
correspondence course, under expert cotton men will complete you. Big demand for cotton
graders and cotton buyers. Session opens S eptember Ist. Correspondence course year
round. Write at once for further particulars.
The Atlanta School of Medicine
Luckie, Bartow and Cain Streets, Atlanta, Ga.
Largest and most progressive medical college in this section. Owns and operates its
own hospital. Extended practical laboratory advantages. Clinical opportunities have never
been equaled in the Southeast. Write for Cat alog J.
PAGE THIRTEEN