PAGE TWELVE
Mister Smith and His Newspaper
(Concluded from Page 9)
ate, it should be railroaded through, without
giving the accused Commissioner the right
to be heard in his own defense.
Do the people of Georgia approve of that
kind of thing? To deprive an official of his
place and salary, is to take away something
equivalent to property. To say nothing of
the public disgrace put upon such an official,
he is deprived of a source of revenue upon
which he may depend for the support of his
family.
Is it fair to do this without allowing the
defendant to go before the jury and speak in
his own behalf? Will the people of Georgia
sanction such arbitrary and one-sided meth
ods?
Governor Smith suspended McLendon for
his refusal to give Atlanta jobbers special
freight rates which would have enabled them
to invade the territory of Macon, Savannah,
Griffin, Cordele, Rome and other towns. This
invasion would not have meant lower prices
for the people. It would have cut out other
Georgia towns from their natural territory,
but nothing more. To secure for Atlanta
jobbers this unfair advantage over the other
towns of Georgia, Mr. Hoke Smith, as an
attorney, had been paid a big fee. He lost
his case before the Commission, and ought
to have lost it.
That started his intense dislike of Jos. M.
Brown. The case upon which McLendon,
Stevens and Hill passed adversely, was pre
cisely similar to the one Lawyer Smith lost.
Those three Commissioners decided it just as
the same issue had been decided on three sep
arate applications before.
Was the decision right? It certainly was,
unless we claim that the Atlanta jobbers are
entitled to special favors.
But if the decision was wrong, why punish
only one of the three Commissioners who
made it? Why single out the roller-chair
invalid for sacrifice, and leave Warner Hill
and Obadiah Stevens in office?
The Legislature has no moral right to try
the McLendon suspension case on any other
ground than that named by Governor Smith.
That order of suspension is the indictment.
As to the sale of the Athens bonds, there is
no law against it. I think there should be.
If such a law is made, and a Commissioner
violates it, —punish him by dismissal and
otherwise.
But a thing which is not now forbidden by
law ought not to be punished as a crime.
I have known Guyt McLendon twenty
nine years, and I never in all that time heard
anybody say that he was not an honest man.
He has always and universally been regarded
as a gentleman. He has been the hardest
worker on the Railway Commission. The
good it has done is largely due to him.
Had I been in his place, I would have ruled
against those Atlanta jobbers, just as he did.
I would have tried to get a fair and equal
reduction for all the towns of Georgia, as de
manded in the Macon Platform.
And. while I think it highly improper for
Railway Commissioners to be dealing in rail
road securities of any kind, there isn’t a par
ticle of evidence that the State was injured
by the Athens bonds deal, or that it had a
blessed thing to do with the decision for
which Governor Smith ordered the Commis
sioner out of office.
In fact, Mr. Smith declares that he did not
know of the transaction in bonds at the time
he lynched McLendon. But he and his news
paper and his Senators justify the lynching
by putting the bond matter in evidence.
It is the same as though the grand jury
should indict a man for stealing cotton and
the petit jury should convict him of arson—
which the grand jury had not heard of when
they brought in the True Bill for the larceny
of the cotton.
/Jeffersonian
Mr. Smith's Corporation Victory
There have been queer doings in Atlanta.
If such things had come to pass in Albany,
New York, where the Pat McCarrans and
Tom Gradys dish up the legislation desired
by Wall Street corporations, nobody could
have been surprised.
But see how omnipotent the lobbyist and
the Wall Street corporation are in the capi
tal of Georgia. A bill was introduced which
proposed to make such plunder-bunds as the
Standard Oil Company pay a tax of one
thousand dollars a year for the privilege to
do business, — worth millions to them, — and
the proposition is ignominiously defeated.
Suppose every state in the Union should tax
the Standard Oil Company a thousand dol
lars a year,—that would amount to only
$47,000; whereas, the net income of John D.
Rockefeller, from the oil trade alone, is more
than twenty million dollars a year. The
Standard earns from fifty to one hundred
million dollars per annum. Just how much
of this comes from each state, we do not
know, —but the greater part of it comes from
the forty-seven states. It is a conservative
estimate to say that the privilege of doing
business in Georgia is worth at least a mil
lion dollars a year to John D. and his law
breaking associates. Where, then, would be
the hardship of making the Oil Trust pay a
tax of SI,OOO for the privilege of fleecing us
of $1,000,000?
The Jeffersonian can’t see any. But Mr.
Hoke Smith’s paper went into spasms of in
dignation against that bill. Mr. Smith’s pa
per denounced the proposed corporation tax
as violently as it could have done had it been
a bill to legalize Standard Oil rebates, bri
beries, perjuries, and arson-plots.
Mr. Smith’s newspaper argued that we
would drive capital away, and devastate, di
lapidate, jugulate and otherwise mistreat the
poor, oppressed Northern corporations.
How could any law imposing a pitiful lit
tle one-thousand-dollar tax on the Standard,
drive it out of Georgia? As long as a mil
lion dollars is a bigger sum than a thousand,
the Standard would stay. If other states
would adopt a tax-act of like character, it
would be well for the country. The Stand
ard can’t pull out of all the states, can it? It
can’t do business up in the air, can it? And
there isn’t any foreign country that would
give it the enormous advantages it enjoys in
this land of the lobby, the subsidized news
paper, and the supple-kneed politician.
Every one of those Old Line Insurance
Companies ought to be made to pay a state
tax of at least a thousand dollars a year.
They rake millions out of our people, and a
comparatively little of it ever conies back.
One of the New York insurance companies
—Democratic at that—felt able to put $150,-
000 into the Republican campaign fund; and
another contributed $48,000.
If they can afford such extravagant sums
to slush funds, why should Mr. Hoke Smith’s
newspaper think it such a terribly unjust
thing to require them to pay their honest
taxes ?
g] g] gl
A Word as to Missions
A West Virginia lady, who has spent more
than thirty years in foreign-mission work,
wrote an article replying to Mr. Watson’s
attacks and requested him to publish it. He
has agreed to do so, and the lady’s defense
of the system will appear in the September
number of The Jeffersonian Magazine,—
along with a few further words from Mr.
Watson on his side of the question.
gl g] ®
Editorial Notes by J, D. Watson
Congress has, at last, passed a tariff bill,
and the members of that body, as well as the
President, have gone to their summer homes
to take a rest.
The only thing that we regret is that they
have not been at their summer homes resting
since last March. If they had been the coun
try would be better off, and we would have
been saved the trouble of reading from day
to day the story of how President Taft would
veto any measure that was not a revision
downward. We would have been spared the
disappointment of expecting something in
the way of help from a robbing tariff meas
ure, and finally getting something that robs
us more than the old law did.
As we predicted long ago, the Aldrich
crowd won the fight. They got what they
wanted, and they gave the other fellows just
what Aldrich cared to let them have. Al
drich was master of the situation and Aldrich
passed a tariff bill that gives New England
and the Trusts everything and the people
nothing.
The new tariff measure is worse than the
old Dingley tariff, and no one can deny it.
But what more could be expected when a
man like Speaker Cannon was directing
things in one house and a man like Aldrich
in the other? Cannon, with his policy of
“the people be damned”, and Aldrich with
his policy of “I am here to give my New
England bosses what they sent me here to
get”, what could the people expect except to
get it in the neck?
g| g] g]
But the next Congressional election will be
interesting. Party lines are going to be split
as they have never been before. Already there
is a movement on in the West among the
Democrats not to put out opposing candi
dates against the Republicans who had the
independence and courage to vote against
Speaker Cannon’s orders, —men who had the
courage to vote for the people’s interests in
stead of voting as the told them to,
—the kind of Republicans you hear called
Insurgents.
And this sentiment, which is spreading in
the West, will finally reach the South and
other sections.
The very fact that Congress was called in
extra session has attracted the attention of
the common people and the common people
have been watching what Congress was do
ing, as they have never done before.
The common people know more about the
tariff question than they ever knew before.
They are beginning to see that the present
Payne-Aldrich bill will rob them worse than
they have ever been robbed, so you had better
look out, Mr. Congressman,—you who helped
Aldrich out in order to get a little sop of
protection for your “infant home industries”.
g) g) g]
If you will read the National Democratic
platform, adopted at Denver in 1908, and
then study the vote of the different Demo
cratic members of Congress on the tariff ques
tion from day to day, you will wonder “where
am I at”.
Os course, from the Republicans, with
Cannon speaker and Aldrich the leader in the
Senate, we expected very little. We knew
about how they stood. But we did not ex
pect the Democrats to put up a hard fight
against them.
But the expectations do not bring results,
sad to say.
It is true that the blind Senator from Ok
lahoma, Mr. Gore, did make a good fight, and
we are glad to give him credit for it.
But the most effective fight that was made
against the Payne-Aldrich bill, in the Senate,
was made by Senator La Follette, a Repub
lican. La Follette tried to get through a
tariff measure that would benefit the common
people, and if the Democrats had backed him
up in his fight for the people he would have
succeeded.
But some of them did not, and the people
and La Follette lost.