PAGE TEN
Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than SI.OO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS; Thomson, Ga.
M ZK If the above date appears on
iWMC >» Htl tlie lal) el on y°ur paper it
* means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Ga., April 14, 1910
Mr. Duckworth Insults President
Barrett, John Graham, and
Every Manager of the
St. Louis Convention!
lii his paper last week, one of the two new
comers to Georgia, who are trying to boss
things in the Farmers’ Union, had a leading
editorial, in which the following paragraph
occurs:
“Again, let us warn all delegates who are to
attend the St. Louis Conference to be careful.
The oily-tongued politician will attempt to trade
with members of the Farmers’ Union whom they
think have sufficient influence to assist in turning
the organization into a political movement, and
then when all the harm has been done that can
be done to the organization, these same oily
tongued politicians will proceed to do as they
have done in the past—throw down all they can
not control.
“It is tempting to be offered a seat in Congress,
or some United States Senator’s job. It is fasci
nating to be talked of as a candidate for Presi
dent of the United States, and many a man has
chased these cherished ambitions to his ruin.
Farmers’ organizations have been wrecked upon
the rocks of ‘promise legislation.’ ”
The above is a gross insult to the officials
who formally and earnestly invited me to at
tend and address the St. Louis meeting. It is
one of Duckworth’s malicious and mendacious
outbursts. If he and John Lee have any peers
as prolific and venomous liars, they remained
outside the State when John and Duck came
in.
The attack is also a deliberate insult to
every friend of mine in the Farmers' 1 Union.
And Duck will hear from them.
I was wavering as to whether my going
to St. Louis would do more harm than good
to the Union. At every emergency, that con
sideration has controlled my action.
That consideration will control it now. The
wanton attack which this Minister of the
Gospel has made on me, tmtZ on those who
gave me the invitation, will stir up so much
suspicion and bad blood, that I will stay at
home.
Mr. Duckworth can go in my place, and be
dew the whole Convention with his wisdom.
Let us hope that he will not, as in the Gal
veston Convention, make “an enthusiastic
speech” for the Ship Subsidy thieves.
How You Can Make Yourself Felt
The Woman's Missionary Advocate is pub
lished in Nashville, Tennessee. It is arguing
that it is our religious duty to furnish doc
tors, nurses and medicines for Chinese women
and girls, of whom there are 200,000,000.
What do you think of such a position as
that?
Write to The Woman's Missionary Advo
cate, and give those crazy editors a piece of
your mind.
Cshe Jeffersonian
It's Your Record Which Is on Trial,
Congressman Bill Howard.
Slandering Watson and the
Populists Is a Ruse
that Won't Work
After two painful weeks of incubation and of
distillation, my old friend, Bill Howard, produces
the chick and the poison. The former is small
and disappointing; the latter is abundant and bit
ter. In good temper and the right spirit, I im
mediately begin to take care of both his little
chick and his copious poison.
There are five columns of this two-weeks’ pro
duct of the Howard Co-operative Incubator and
Distillery. Less than one column is devoted to
defending his Desertion to the Republicans. The
other four are given to abusing me for having
been a Populist.
Yet, his Desertion to the Republicans is the sub
ject of debate.
lam not a candidate for office. The people are
not being asked to return me to Congress. If I
committed a crime when I left the Democratic
party, God knows I have been unmercifully pun
ished for it. Seventeen years have I spent in the
valley of political death. Storms of abuse have
pursued me, without pity or cessation. Slander
has nailed me to her cross, and bitter hatred has
broken me on her wheel. My old friend, Bill
Howard, has merely raked it all up, and hurled
it at me again. Only, he has added, an element
of malignancy peculiar to himself. And I think
he will find that his malice has got him in a worse
fix than he was before. Bad as his case was, he
has made it infinitely more so—as he himself
may realize, soon enough.
It does not take me a fortnight to enter a de
fense for my honor, nor to answer mine adver
sary. My record is as straight as a string; and
whether you agree with me or not, you will feel,
when you have read what I have to say, that I
have been sincere and honest all the way through.
Bill Howard can’t assail me for having been a
I opulist, without offending the very men whose
votes sent him to Congress. Judge Lawson was a
Cleveland man, and favored the gold standard.
Bill Howard beat him by catering to the Popu
lists and championing Free Silver. Oh, how ven
omous are his references to us old Pops; and oh,
how eager he was, in 1894, to get our support!
He rails upon the People’s Party movement as
though a bloodier band of social incendiaries
never endangered the South. Yet, as everybody
knows, the People’s Party, from North Carolina
to Texas, marched to the “Rebel yell’’, and was
composed of as brave a lot of ex-Confederates as
ever footed it alter Jackson, Johnson, Beauregard
and Lee, or ever rode with Ashby, Stuart, Rosser,
Hampton and Forrest.
These men trying to injure the South? These
men trying to bring back Reconstruction days, and
the rule of the Republicans?
A libel more baseless was never published
against the innocent.
Seeing, in 1891, what everybody now sees, that
the two great political parties are nationally con
trolled by the same Wall Street corporations, the
plain people of the South and AVest—farmers
chiefly, undertook to form a new party. Why?
Because it was clear that the Democrats would
never vote the Republican ticket, no matter what
reforms it promised. It being equally clear that
the Republicans could never be brought to confide
in Democratic pledges, a new party seemed neces
sary in order that those who had lost confidence
in the old parties might have common ground to
meet on.
The new movement rapidly grew. We took
several Western States away from the Republi
cans. Had we been able to carry a single South
ern State, and thus prove to Western Populists
that we could do something, our movement would
have wrenched the entire West from the Republi
can party.
It has been the dream of my whole life to
unite the two great agricultural sections the
South and the West —against the manufacturing
East. I have felt intensely, as the ante-bellum
statesmen of the South did, that we can never
have an equitable distribution of wealth and the
enjoyment of national happiness, so long as the
tariff robs the non-manufacturing classes, to cre
ate huge fortunes for a few Specially Privileged
manufacturers.
Therefore, I was willing to risk my life, politi
cally and otherwise, to bring about a realization
of my dream. In the effort to stop the legalized
and ruinous exploitation of the South by New
England, I lost my life, politically; and only those
personal friends who were nearest to me know
how narrow was my escape from assassination.
In the last speech made by the late John A.
Johnson, Governor of Minnesota, he declared that
the time had come to throw off the domination of
the East. This declaration proves that the great
Western Democrat had caught the same idea
which inspired my own course. Johnson’s speech
es resembled Lincoln’s, and he realized as few
statesmen have done the immorality, the injus
tice and the ruinous consequences of our tariff
system.
Poor Bill Howard! he was in such a tantrum
that his two weeks of . cogitation and ferment
brings him to such a lamentable state of mind
that he enters me as Presidential candidate for
1896! He figures it out that I prevented Bryan
from becoming President, by getting £7 electoral
votes. He argues that had Bryan, instead of Mc-
Kinley, received those votes which I wickedly got,
of malice aforethought, and at the instigation of
the Devil, Bryan, and not McKinley, would have
become President!
Bless my life! And to think that lam discuss
ing public and political questions with the ablest
member of the Georgia delegation!
Every school-boy of Georgia ought to know that
the Bryan ticket of 1896 had two tails to it, and
that I was one of them.
Why, dog gone it and plague take it and dad
drat it, I went to Nebraska in 1896 for the ex
press purpose of helping Bryan carry his own
State. From Georgia to Colorado, I made speech
es for the ticket of Bryan and Watson. When I
got back to Atlanta, my throat was so ulcerated
that I could only speak in a whisper. Ask Dr.
Arthur G. Hobbs what answer he gave me when I
asked if I might not go around to the Sam Jones
Tabernacle, where ten thousand Democrats were
waiting to give me an ovation, on my return from
the West. And why did those warm-hearted
Democrats wish to give me a public greeting?
Because I had sunk my ohh personality and
my own ambition in the effort to win for Bryan.
Had the Peerless hearkened to me, had he
given me recognition, had he spoken from the
same platform once, he would have been elected.
I did my level best to make him see it. In every
way possible, I sought to have him realize the
danger of driving the Mid-Road Pops to despair
and desperation.
But the nomination, the fame which followed
the plagiarized “Crown of Thorns—Cross of
Gold” peroration, had turned his head. He would
not remain in Nebraska, while I was stumping it
for him. He went East to make that silly effort
to win New England— neglecting the Southwest,
where our only chances lay.
I addressed a packed opera house in Bryan’s
home town, and loyally urged his election. Mrs.
Bryan occupied one of the boxes during my speech
in behalf of her absent husband; but she sent me
no flowers, nor any invitation, nor any message—
though we had been introduced in Washington.
When I returned South from the Western tour,
I brought as sore a heart, as lacerated a soul as
ever throbbed in any human being. Ignored by
my running mate; betrayed by my national Chair-