"Be Tree Tien!” Cries The Titzgerald Leader
Be Free Men!
Let Georgia citizens vote for a man for
President who is not so anxious for the negro
vote.
By the time the •Presidential election is
over Bryan’s sonorous voice will be tinged
with the beggar’s whine, he and John Kern are
asking the farmers to please give them some
money. They can build up a nice palatial
home, if they can get the farmers to throw
into their coffers their hard earned money,
but if “Old Whiskers” does not get rich
until he begs it from the farmers, he will
not get a shave in a long time.
Bryan has been twice defeated for Presi
dent, Kern has had it laid across him twice
for the Governor’s office in Indiana. So yon
see they are even, and when they get snowed
under this fall, it will teach them that it will
not do for a band at the National Conven
tion to play “Marching Through Georgia.
This song brings back to memory things th.it
have passed, it recalls afresh when Sherman
marched through Georgia, and it now says to
Billie Bryan and Billy Goat Kern that th?
people of Georgia will turn you down, y'“S.
and it is hoped that they will be forever down.
They have raised the beggar’s cry for private
gain, it will be futile; turn “Old Whiskers”
down, the beggars’ list is crowded already, you
can not fool even the farmers with your
beggary.
The democratic party has been used by
Willie Bryan too long already for his piivate
"JUST TO'R TUN”—‘By John J. Ottinger
In Washington Post
Since the Independence Party ticket has
been nominated we have two Toms, two Bills,
and two Eugenes in the presidential field. No
one ever -seems to think of giving the Clar
ences a chance.
The news that a million copies of Mr.
Taft’s speech of acceptance will be printed
and circulated must have sent the paper trust
around the corner to shake hands with itself.
The Buffalo Times contends that William
Nelson Cromwell ‘‘has Taft under his thumb.’’
While we are not naturally curious, we would
certainly like to see a photograph of that
thumb.
We notice that some men never clamor for
justice till there is no longer any great danger
of their getting it.
Kennesaw Mountain Landis may have been
wrong in sticking that big fine on the Stand
ard, but he can rely on getting an occasional
pat on the back from the national administra
tion just the same.
Up to date Tom Hisgen has not joined the
group of candidates who think they have a
chance to carry Georgia.
In Oregon the other day a tramp was locked
up because he had money on his person. He
must have shown a disposition to carry it out
of the State.
Corn rose to 82 cents a bushel the other
day, in spite of the report that the demand
for the juice is falling off.
Three months ago a Phoenixville, Pa., man
inherited SIO,OOO. The other day he died,
leaving just enough to pay for a decent
funeral. Possibly it was a relief to him to
know that his relatives would have nothing to
quarrel over.
“Would a town of a thousand people that
does not subscribe SIOO to the Democratic
campaign fund deserve a Democratic post
master?” asks the Charleston News and
Courier. A Republican President, out of
sheer gratitude, may decide that it does.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
gain, he has made a fortune out of the Demo
cratic party, it has sustained him long and
well, the South, we are glad to say, is not as
easily fooled as it used to be; yon can no
longer insult our Delegates \vith the tune
of “Marching Through Georgia.”
Yes, it lias been said by you. Hon. W. J.
Bryan, that yon could not vote for a Con
federate Soldier, you said it, the Confederate
soldier will no longer vote for you, neither
will their sous support you.
Go to the negroes after your money and
votes, we had rather lose the office of Presi
dent than to have a man elected by negro
votes.
Have your band .play “Marching Through
Georgia,” tell the Southern people that you
cannot vote for a Confederate Soldier, think
of asking Georgians to vote for you in pref
erence to one of our own fellow citizens, even
though he did carry but one state, give
him Georgia, as a compliment to a great
statesman, and one who was raised in
Georgia.
WE ARE FREE MEN AND WILL FOR
EVER BE.
The article “BE FREE MEN,” appeared
first in our Daily Leader, since then we have
had many compliments and several requests
to republish it in our weekly issue. We have
several orders for copies of it already.
Any newspaper or any person who contends
that William J. Bryan is Working for the
good of the Democratic party is either igno-
rant or trying to mislead the people. This
will do them no good, the people are becom
ing too much enlightened to be fooled any
longer in mere names. The beggar’s whine is
disgusting, especially when we all know that
the money obtained through this beggary is
to go to enrich W. J. Bryan’s fast growing
fortune, made out of the Democratic party.
We wonder if “Old Whiskers” will get as
much money as he wants? Do Bryan and
Kern both beg at the same time? or will they
send to Fitzgerald and get them a henchman
to beg for them? They will not get a
henchman who is such a dead beat as the one
who clipped out our editorial and only put a
one cent stamp on it and we had to pay the
balance of the postage, that henchman is
equal to a louse, he makes the fellow he tries
to injure pay for it'. That henchman is right
spry in obtaining something for nothing —
chickens never roost too high for such a
character—the dead never become too cold
for him to rob, the money on their eyes
always looks good to him, and the only fear
he has is that he will not be able to get the
money off the eyes of the dead into his pocket
without being caught.
When you want some one to rob graves of
the last tattered vestments that once were
loved and now are reverenced; to scatter the
dust of sacred bones, and leave them not
even a consecrated hope, put your ad in this
paper, it may be that the thing that sent
back our editorial may see it and he will fill
your bill and more too.
Lately, it seems, a seat in an automobile
is a more perilous place than the innocent
pedestrain ever found the roSdway to be.
“William J. Bryan,” says the Kansas City
Post, “is not now, never has been, nor ever
will be, a chaser of negro votes.” How about
being a coaxer?
One can’t help liking the Prohibitionists
for the way they refrain from taking straw
votes during a campaign.
A contemporary remarks that “about every
third man you meet in Argentina is a million
aire.” Which must be very pleasant if the
other two you meet don’t make a business
of pulling your leg.
We notice that this year the Oldest Inhab
itant isn’t blowing about the hot summers
he has seen in his day.
There will be great doings when the air
ship operators form a union and occasionally
have a falling out over some matter.
PAGE THREE