PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
POPULIST NATIONAL CONVENTION.
During the last few months we have had
many letters in which surprise was expressed
that we did not have more to say about the
Populist National Convention.
To the Jeffersonian, it seemed the better
policy to advocate our principles and to spread
our gospel, and to leave the balance to the
spontaneous action of the people.
In the old days, political conventions were
never drummed up by the candidates them
selves. In the good ohl days the nominees of
the great national parties were never present
when the party chiefs were deliberating upon
the matter of choosing a standard bearer. It
was only after General Garfield set the vicious
example of throwing down the man whom he
had been sent to represent, and taking the
nomination for himself, that candidates began
to attend national conventions. Previous to
the time of the Garfields and the Bryans, the
head men of national parties exercised their
discretion in the choice of a candidate without
that duress which naturally is imposed upon
them by the presence of the candidate him
self.
While we have never been, in any sense, a
candidate for national nominations, it seemed
probable that in 1908, as heretofore, the Na
tional Convention might look to us to accept
a place on the national ticket —a place which,
necessarily, brings more of hard work, more
of persecution, more of ridicule, more of abuse
and misrepresentation, than anything else.
It seemed, therefore, in better taste and in
better judgment, to let others 1 ‘whoop up”
the National Convention and to decide for
themselves what should be the policy of the
Party. It was sufficient for us to hew to the
line, leaving the balance to a spontaneous
movement of those who are interested in our
principles.
Without intending to do it. Mr. Bryan has
been the most deadly foe to Radicalism that
this country has ever known. His mistake
and his ambition in 1896 destroyed the ar
duous work which tens of thousands of re
formers had been doing for many years. His
fusion policy was absolutely destructive to
the People’s Party in the South; and, in the
West, it gave back to the Republican party
those majorities which it had lost to Popu
lism.
In the elections of 1892, the People’s Party
had gained a respectable representation in the
electoral college. It had the practical control
of several states and of many Congressional
districts. It gained a foothold in the United
States Senate and in Congress. It became
so ominously influential among old party poli
ticians, that Judge Walter Q. Gresham was
promised a seat in Cleveland’s Cabinet in re
turn for his refusal to accept the Populist
nomination for the Presidency. Mr. Bryan’s
fusion policy of 1896 so completely prostrated
this young giant of Populism that, in the elec
tions of 1900, the Hon. Wharton Barker,
THE JEFFERSONIAN
Presidential candidate of the People’s Party,
received only 50,000 votes. Our state organi
zations fell to pieces; our national organiza
tion was practically defunct. It was only in
Nebraska that the People’s Party pretended
to still be doing business; and there, as the
whole country understood, it was a more Bry
an contingent which came up to the pie coun
ter once every two years and got a few slices
for a few office seekers. The life had, long
since, gone out of the Populist movement, even
in Nebraska where it had once proudly domi
nated and controlled.
In 1904 the Wall Street Democrats deter
mined to buy the nomination for Judge
Parker, personally a respectable man of con
siderable ability. The plan of the Wall
Streeters was so well understood that Mr.
Bryan went over the country denouncing it in
the bitterest terms. He declared, time and
again, that Wall Street was buying "the nomi
nation for Parker. In stating this, he stated
the exact truth. He knew it to be true when
he said it. Then, after Parker secured the
nomination, Mr. Bryaai, of all men, best knew
who it was that Parker would serve if he be
came President. Necessarily, he would serve
those who had bought the nomination and the
election for him. He would have been as
helpless as Cleveland was when the Sugar
Trust and other Democratic trusts bought his
second nomination and election for him. The
Suger Trust gave $500,000 to the Cleveland
campaign fund, in return for which Cleveland
allowed to become a law the Wilson-Gorman
tariff bill in which Senator Gorman and John
G. Carlisle had so changed the tariff sched
ule on sugar that the consumers of sugar in
this country were victimized every year to the
extent of $45,000,000 by this Democratic sugar
trust, whose representative, Cord Meyer, still
holds his place of command on the Democratic
National Executive Committee. Os all men,
Mr. Bryan knew what to expect if Parker
should be elected; and yet, after first saying
that he would have nothing to do with the
canvass because Parker had secured his nom
ination by indefensible methods, he sulked
a few weeks in the Yellowstone Park, and
then rushed into the canvass, repeating the
same speech sixty-five times a day, and declar
ing to the people that Parker’s ideals were his
own ideals, and! that he would be willing to
die the night after the election if Parker were
elected President. In other words, MR.
BRYAN GAVE THE FULL WEIGHT OF
HIS POPULARITY AND HIS ORATORI
CAL POWER TO THE CANDIDACY OF A
MAN WHOSE NOMINATION HE KNEW
TO HAVE BEEN BOUGHT BY THE COR
RUPT, PREDATORY CORPORATIONS OF
WALL STREET.
It was under these circumstances that the
People's Party again determined to make a
fight, in order that somebody should speak for
Jeffersonian Democracy in the campaign of
1904. Mr. Watson accepted what he knew to
be the leadership of a forlorn hope. The fact
50,000 to 123,000 was the most insignificant
result of the canvass which followed his nom
ination. The addresses which he made,
throughout the North, South, East and West,
were more generally circulated and read than
any of the- speeches that were made in that
campaign. The probability is that, Parker’s
position being so much weaker than that of
Roosevelt, the campaign which the Populists
made resulted in greater benefits to Mr.
Roosevelt than to Mr. Watson. If so, we
have no tears to shed over that fact. Mr.
Roosevelt has shown himself to be vastly
more of a Democratic President than Cleve
land was, and vastly more of a People’s man
—a reforming President —than it would have
been possible for Judge Parker to be.
But the main benefit of the campaign of the
People’s Party in 1904 was the immense im
petus which it gave to judicious Radicalism.
To that campaign of the People’s Party is
largely due the fact that party names no
longer charm; party lines no longer imprison,
and the party lash no longer drives. The peo
ple of this country, hereafter, are going to ex
amine every creed for themselves, every can
didate for themselves, and are going to vote
according to the dictates of their own convic
tions, regardless of party machines and party
names.
In determining to make its own platform
and its own nominations this year, the Pop
ulists did well. The attempt of Mr. Bryan to
enter our Convention, through his Nebraska
delegation and his Democratic appointee from
Minnesota, was impudent and selfish, in the
highest degree. We rejoice that his attempt
to dictate to the People’s Party was resented
as hotly as it was. Having bent his knee to
the money power, as he has done; having be
come a convert to the National Banking Sys
tem, as he has done; having repudiated his
anti-gold-standard record, as he has done,
Mr. Bryan has nothing to expect from the
honest, earnest Radicals of the future
but a free field and a fair fight. Os that,
we will give him as much as he wants.
Heflin Gives Bond.
Representative Heflin of Alabama appeared
in police court in Washington and gave bond
to insure his appearance for trial.
Hughes Dines Gov. Willson.
Governor Hughes gave a dinner at the Ex
ecutive Mansion to Governor Augustus E.
Willson, of Kentucky, who is in Albany in
connection with a Court of Appeals case.
Among the guests included were ex-Governor
David E. Hill, Lieutenant-Governor Chanler,
Chief Judge Cullen of the Court of Appeals
and Speaker Wadsworth.
Fleet to Visit Melbourne.
Alfred Deakin, Prime Minister of Australia,
has received a cable message announcing that
the American battleship fleet will arrive Sep
tember 1 and will stay for a period of ten
days. The fleet will arrive at Svdney Septem
ber 13.