of the unequal war you wage. Just think of
it, 22,000 papers and magazines in this coun
try, and nearly all of them either silent or
the outspoken advocates of the present sys
tem of centralization and robbery.
If the farmers had spent half the money for
reform papers, that they have for papers to
blind and lead them astray, they would
now have a paper in every county in* the
Union to champion their cause. How long
will they continue to furnish whips and spurs
for their riders? “Wherefore do ye spend
your money for that which is not bread?”
G. W. DRINKARD.
THE COTTON TAX.
A tax of three cents per pound was put
upon our Southern cotton, made in the year
1868, and of two and a half cents per pound,
the crop of 1869, by the Congress of the
United States, and the tax has been declared
illegal and unconstitutional by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the money
so collected, should be returned to those who
paid it. The sum of money thus wrung from
the cotton planters of the South amounted to
a very large sum, sixty-eight millions of dol
lars, and I, as a cotton merchant of Savannah,
Georgia, as the books of the custom house will
show, paid a good proportion of it. I am
writing the members of Congress and others
concerning it.
Very respectfully,
EDWARD C. WADE.
COME AND HELP ME KILL THE PROOF
READER!
Jefferson, 0., Jan. 11, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I see you published my letter
in this week’s Jeffersonian You made me
say that I sold bran for 40 cents per bushel.
It should have been beans instead of bran.
Southwestern Michigan is a great bean pro
ducing country. Thousands of bushels are
shipped every year from every little town in
that part of the state.
I have received both the Jeffersonians reg
ularly since I sent you the three dollars, but
have not received the back numbers of the
magazine as I ordered. I am anxious to get
this on account of the life of Jackson.
Respectfully,
J. C. STAFFORD.
GOOD FOR THE AMATEUR.
Danville, 111., Dec. 21, 1907.
Dear Sir: Perhaps the views of an ama
teur financier on the past, present and future
financial problems that have confronted us in
the past and will continue to loom up in the
future, may be of interest to you. Certainly
no more “Black Fridays” are wanted in this
country, and in order to avoid.Jhem in the fu
ture we must get at the root of the evil and
find out the cause.
The coinage of the standard silver dollar
should never have been stopped, and Congress
would do well to order the resumption of its
coinage at once. During the recent runs on
the banks does any one suppose that deposi
tors would have refused the standard silver
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
dollar in payment of their deposits? Not a
bit of it. Would they have refused Silver
Certificates? Not on your life. Silver and
gold, as redemption money, should never
have been divorced, and coin certificates should
be issued redeemable in either coin, and the
Secretary of the Treasury should be compelled
to pay out whichever coin he may happen to
have an excess of in redeeming said coin cer
tificates, or in payment of bonds or any other
obligations of the government. Such a law
would keep the bulk of the coin certificates
in circulation, as they would be lighter to
carry, and preferable to coin in large quanti
ties. Those Triple, Interchangeable Coin and
Coin Certificates should be kept at par by
laws preventing gold contracts and stipulating
that the word Coin or Currency should be
used —the word “Coin” to mean either gold
or silver. The word “gold” should be elim
inated from all future bonds or other obliga
tions or individuals. The issue of Coin cer
tificates and the coinage of and gold, all
three as a circulating medium, should go on
until our per capita circulation exceeds any
country in the world. During the campaign
of 1896 large quantities of Mexican silver dol
lars were imported and displayed in the win
dows of business houses in our large cities
as an “object lesson” to turn our people
against silver —the cleanest, nicest metal for
coinage in the world and more free from loss
by abrasion. At the same time our American
standard silver dollars were circulating at
par—worth 100 cents on the dollar, yet not
redeemable in gold, and not a dollar in gold
behind it.
These men knew full well that had those
same Mexican silver dollars been run through
an American mint and been made a legal
tender by law, they would have been
worth 100 cents to the dollar in gold.
What makes our standard silver dollar and
our silver certificates worth 100 cents on the
dollar today when neither is redeemable in
gold? Legislation. What makes 20 silver
half dollars, 40 silver quarters, or 100 silver
dimes worth as much as a $lO gold eagle?
Legislation. What makes 5 nickels or 25 cop
per cents a full legal tender up to the amount
named, though the intrinsic value is a mere
nothing? Legislation—nothing else.
Suppose Congress, in 1873, had demonetized
gold and made the silver dollar the standard
coin and a full legal tender? Would not the
price of gold bullion have depreciated? If not,
why not? It is up to a Wall Street shark
to answer the question.
How much longer will our American people
be duped by Wall Street sharks?
JAMES T. KENT.
Canon, Ga., Jan. 6, 1908.
Dear Sir: I mail to you today two dollars,
for which please send me the Jeffersonian
weekly and the Jeffersonian Magazine for one
•year.
Mr. Watson, I am an old Confederate sol
dier, also one of the hated populists, and on
the indigent pension roll. Mr. Watson, a
great injustice was done the indigent pension
ers by the recent legislation of this state by
the piecemeal payments. I know of an old
soldier, who owes every dollar and to tell you
the truth a merchant told me the other day
that he would have to stop crediting as the
state, had taken charge of the old soldier’s
money. Commissioner Lindsey agitated or rec
ommended this infernal law some years ago.
Whereupon an old soldier published an article
in opposition asking Lindsey to resign if the
present method of paying the soldiers didn’t
suit him. Mr. Lindsey ought to resign, as it
is the desire of the most of the old soldiers,
but they might cry till the heavens fall and
it wouldn’t be worth a hill of beans, so long
as he votes for the successful candidate for
governor. Mr. Watson, there is Fulton county
that has invariably received their pay by the
middle of January. Some other counties have
not been paid until about the middle of March
or first of April. It takes this man about
three months to pay out the money; the truth
of the business is, this man suits himself to
his own convenience, and is perfectly indiffer
ent as to the needs of the old vets.
My ordinary informed me the other day
that Lindsey informed him that the pension
money would be sent to this county about the
middle of March. After the old soldier has
passed through a freezing winter in his rags
then Lindsey comes to his rescue with sls.
Warm hearted man! This infernal law could
not have come in a worse time, as all the nec
essaries of life have advanced greatly. One
consolation is we old toughs will soon have
crossed the dark and then will be out of the
way. I am aware that I am assuming great
liberty in taxing your patience to its utmost
tension. Please bear with me. I know you to
be a friend to the helpless, when right.
Mr. Watson, I gave my services to the Con
federate cause in the early part of 1861; was
twice shot ' down in battle from which I am
suffering today. I bore the name of doing my
duty; the old soldier today is thought no more
of than an old mangy, flop-eared hound, by
the ring in Atlanta. I can’t keep from pen
ning the following lines:
Only a private, no ribbon nor star
Shall gild with false glory his name;
No honor for him in braid or in bar:
His legion of honor is only a scar.
I humbly beg your pardon for this intru
sion, and in conclusion will say with all can
dor that the truths that you have proclaimed,
and the wrongs that you have denounced from
Dan to Beersheba, will ever remain green in the
memories of all lovers of truth. I ask again
your pardon. Very truly,
A. L. HAIRSTON.
SEED CORN
Best of the Prolific Varieties; thorough accli
mated, true to type, bred to grow thick, seed
carefully selected for six years. Best for
Southern plainting. In 1907 made as high as
100 bushels per acre, weighed at shredder.
Prices, $2 per bushel, $1.25 per half bushel.
Special prices on large lots.
SUNNYSIDE FARMS.
W. R. Walker, Prop., Union, S. C.
PAGE ELEVEN