ease/’ —looms up in all of these rabid
organs of socialism.
The fraud who i estores your eye-sight,
the fraud who cures the deaf, the fraud
who routs rheumatism by a foot-plaster,
the fraud who reduces the fat lady to
sylph-like proportions, the fraud who
gives away gold spectacles—all, all are
here, week after week, in these socialist
papers, which speak so loudly against
the sins of capitalism, and which profess
so loudly to wish for purer, better con
ditions.
What is one to think of it? We can
understand the men who are filling their
pockets with the money paid for these
ads — they are out after the cash, and they
are getting it.
The thing which amazes us is the in
difference of the subscribers. What are
we to think of the morals of the social
ists themselves when they patronize pa
pers which prostitute their columns to
the vile purposes of cheats and swind
lers?
At present the socialist papers are do
ing nothing but excite class-hatred.
They are making their appeal to the low
est passions of human nature.
The last issue of the Appeal to Reason
(February 15), raises a howl because the
bill of fare of the wedding breakfast of
the Hungarian-count who married a Van
derbilt, was printed in a foreign lan
guage! Think of the idoicy of such an
“argument.” Think of the blindness of
the poor dupes who pin their faith to
such papers.
After howling about this wedding
breakfast, and its French menu, the edi
tor says:
“Wage-slaves of even a bit of intelli
gence who read between the lines of this
menu of a plutocratic wedding will see
in it an urgent appeal to join the Social
ists.”
There are many things to be said
against the Vanderbilt fortune, and the
inter-marriage with the fortune hunting
count, but the editor who goes into a
fit because the bill of fare was printed
in French, and uses that as an “appeal
to join the Socialists,” must be pretty
close to lunacy.
n * *
The Panic.
The panic is a thing of the past —isn’t
it? The daily papers say so. In fact,
some of them appear to deny that we
had any panic at all. Just a little “flur
ry.” The demagogues caused it, and as
soon as we made the demagogues hush
up, everything got gay.
Whistle and keep your courage up as
much as you like, but don’t forget the
facts.
The panic is on us yet, and our finan
cial troubles will never end until We
restrict the national banks to legitimate
banking and restore to the government
the sovereign prerogative of supplying
the country with a sufficient volume of
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
currency. It is not right to turn a gov
ernment function over to a few thousand
private capitalists who use it to extort
usury from 85,000,000 less favored fel
low citizens.
The merchant, the manufacturer, the
state banker, has just as much right to
use the national credit in his business as
the national banker has.
The man who owns cotton, or wheat,
has just as much right to issue money
on it as the bond holder has to issue
money on his bond.
It is infamous to pass laws which com
pel the people to pay to the capitalist
double interest on the same investment.
When we allow a national banker to
‘issue money on his bonds, we enable him
to draw interest twice on the same in
vestment —once in dividends on the
bonds, and once in the interest charged
for the use of the money.
Why should bond holders be favored
in this way at the expense of all others?
The government represents all the peo
ple; notes issued by the government
would rest upon' the wealth and credit
of the whole nation. Why should not
the government which represents all the
people issue all the money and thus im
partially discharge its sovereign func
tions? Why shouldn’t the nation have
its own national currency, independent
and exclusive, and thus act like a full
grown government?
To share the powers of a sovereignty
with a favored class of private citizens,
is not only an injustice to all other
classes, but is degrading to the govern
ment itself.
It has already cost us three panics—
how many more do we want?
It has already impoverished the masses
and created fabulous fortunes for the
privileged few —how long are we to con
tinue to submit to it?
SUH
Pity the Government!
A queer thing happened in Washing
ton the other day. The President order
ed that five hundred men at the navy
be discharged. Why? Because the gov
ernment had no cash to pay their wages.
At that very moment the national banks
had more than two hundred million dol
lars of government funds!
Not only did the government have that
amount in the banks, but it had legal au
thority to issue $103,400,000 of treasury
notes.
Why does not the government get its
money out of the national banks?
Because it does not want to “embar
rass” the national banker.
Why does the government not issue
treasury notes?
Because those national bankers do not
want it done.
Fine situation, isn’t it? When the
President ordered the 500 men dis
charged, there was one of the foremen
who had nerve enough to go to the tele-
phone, call up Mr. Roosevelt, and remon
strate in behalf of the men. The Presi
dent agreed to withdraw the order of dis
charge, and therefore 500 families were
not overwhelmed with ruin.
But it was a close call. And what do
you think of a government which is so
helpless that it dare not treat those ras
cally bankers just as it treats common
criminals?
What do you think of the leaders of
two great political parties who have cor
ruptly and slavishly aided the national
bankers in fettering the government in
this way?
And what do you think of the voters
who divide themselves so nicely between
the two great parties, and thus enable
the millionaires to manage congress just
as they please?
You’ve got what you’ve been voting
so blame anyone but yourself.
H l? H
One of Them Sees It.
A “special” from Chicago, recently
published in the Philadelphia North
American, is as follows:
“Revolution in America, which will
make the French revolution look like a
tempest in a teapot; the confiscation of
great wealth and estates and general
chaos, as a result of unsound speculation,
were today predicted by Dr. J. F. Cro
well, associate editor of the Wall Street
Journal, and chairman of the social and
economic section of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Science.
“After considering the field of legiti
mate speculation, which he said did not
include the domain of manufacture, agri
culture, transportation and banking, Dr.
Crowell said:
“ ‘The encroachment of the speculative
spirit upon these industrial and commer
cial fields spells danger. The leaders of
great enterprises today probably do not
adequately appreciate the smoldering
fury of discontent which their own man
agement of business has steadily engen
dered in the hearts of a thinking popu
lace.
“ ‘The great middle class of the coun
try has never been more discontented
and uneasy than now. The statement to
the effect that conditions in this country
parallel those before the French revolu
tion is true, with this difference —the
French revolution was a tempest in a
teapot compared to what might happen
here in 2\merica.’
“ ‘Do you believe that such a clash will
come?’ he was asked.
“ ‘lt depends entirely upon the Harri
mans and the Goulds,’ he said. T1 they
wish to preserve their great estates, let
them look to their course. A people
aroused to a full knowledge of the ex
tent to which they have been duped will
not worry over whether or not they have
the moral right to confiscate whatever
they can find; they will do it without
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE