PAGE TWELVE
SUPERSTITION ADVANCING.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Before these words were mumbled, the bread
was just bread.
After the priest had uttered his formula —
his abra cadabra —the wafer was no longer
b’ ead, but the actual body of Christ.
Consequently, as this wafer was carried
through the streets, in by-gone ages, it was
Christ’s body that was being borne in proces
sion. As the priests, dressed like women,
straddled along through the streets, the peo
ple all knelt, bare headed, until the Host
passed by. The proudest kings had to stop,
dismount, and flop down in the dirt, on their
knees, as the priests and the wafer sailed
solemnly by.
Os course, this added immensely to the im
portance of the priests, and to the reverence in
which they were held.
Men who c&q, by a few words, turn a piece
of bread into the sacred body of a crucified
LoYd, are very divine persons.
Don’t you see?
Well, the Catholic priests are losing out in
Europe where their tricks, impositions and
corruption are best known, and they are mak
ing desperate efforts to break into new pas
tures.
They are making a dead set at North Ameri
ca, where the people have had no experience
with the Catholic Church in power; also at
Great Britain, which drove out the hierarchy
ages ago, on account of its vices and crimes.
Catholic street-parades, with the Host in
procession and all business stopped, and all
citizens bare headed, on their knees, as the
little piece of bread goes by, may be expected
in our big cities in due time.
Superstition is marching on, and history is
going to repeat itself.
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
After several weeks of filibustering
and non-accomplishment of anything,
it is to be hoped 'that the Georgia
Legislature in expensive extra session,
will vindicate themselves by the pas
sage of some satisfactory measure
carrying out the plain demand of the
people that the lease and contract sys
tem be abolished and an era of prison
reform inaugurated.
The public is anxiously awaiting
developments in the Atlanta Post Of
fice matter. Charges of irregulari
ties of any sort there come as a dis
tinct and very unwelcome surprise.
The strong arm of the Bank Exam
iner has delved into several of the
strongest institutions in the billion
aire city of Pittsburg. How soon
Fill it be driven into the general in
telligence that the present entire
financial system is rotten to the core?
Gossans, a native of Calcutta, was
killed by two fellow prisoners for re
vealing n widespread plot against the
rule of Great Britain in India. A
crisis has evidently been reached in
affairs there and no man may fore
tell the outcome. The horrors of the
Indian Mutiny are too well remem
bered for anyone to regard lightly
what may be the opening of the
Hryan In the Cleveland 'Rut.
If Grover Cleveland was, as Bryan accused
him of being, a “bunco steerer” who had
played “a confidence game” upon the people,
what is Bryan?
can see that the Bryan of old no
longer exists. The consecrated crusader who
in 1892 voted for James B. Weaver, the Popu
list, and who in 1896 electrified the country
with his “Cross of Gold” speech, is to radical
ism a lost leader.
Grown old and fat and rich, Bryan has
become a conservative, is “safe and sane,’ has
exchanged the war-horse for the palfrey, has
beaten his sword into a lot of fish-hooks, and is
out angling for votes —that merely.
To the cause of reform Mr. Bryan has been
an unmitigated calamity. Into the maw of
his tremendous selfishness went the Silver
Party, the People’s Party, and the Democratic
Party. Radicalism was transformed into Bry
anism, and now after exploiting it for lecture
purposes and newspaper purposes, Bryan has
betrayed it to Wall Street. The dauntless
champion of 1896 has dropped into the Cleve
land rut, and he’s there to stay. Riches are
pouring in upon him in a golden tide, and the
richer and older he grows the less of a re
former he will be.
He said he would never support a gold stand
ard man. He is now a gold standard man
himself. Worse still, he is an asset Currency
man, and favors government loans to the na
tional banks.
He said he was opposed to national banks,
and he now favors them. He said he favored
the government ownership of railroads. He
no longer does so.
He said he favored the Initiative and Refer
endum. He no longer does so.
With his cold, calculating eyes upon Wall
Street, he declares that a “platform is no less
worst chapter o fhorrors known to
this generation.
The Kaiser has struck terror to
the hearts of the bachelors of his
country by considering seriously a
tax upon them. He desires that it
be a Fatherland in truth and really
deplores the trend away from family
life that is evident in Germany, as in
many other places.
Rust, blight and the boll weevil
are getting in their work on the cot
ton crop of Mississippi.
By wireless telegraph—one of the
sending and receiving ends to be lo
cated on the Washington Monument,
which is 550 feet 'high, it is claimed
that messages can be sent three thou
sand miles, enabling the government,
to communicate directly with the
navy in almost any part of the
world.
The, to France, lost ami very dear
province of Alsace-Lorraine, is the
site of a big gathering of the German
army for military maneuvers. Noth
ing more calculated to stir old hostil
ity, to resurrect buried bitterness,
could be imagined.
The Eucharist Conference has been
held in London, with as yet no re
ports of anything particularly start-
□fcffersonidrt
ling. Not that these really were to
be expected for the sub rosa methods
are still in vogue, with “mother
Church. ’ ’
United States troops are being
rushed to the Mexican border from
Ft. Sam Houston near Galveston.
The disturbed conditions in Mexico
render it necessary closely to guard
the Rio Grande in order to maintain
a strict neutrality and prevent the
revolutionists from in anywise impli
cating our government by making any
use of Texas ground in their opera
tions, or appearing to receive any aid
from this side.
The New York woman who was
saved by her pet hound from the at
tack of a negro, brings to mind again
that a good, big, faithful dog is about
as perfect protection as anyone could
have, a friend who never deserts and
who fears nothing. “Man’s best
friend" is too much neglected every
where, and the fine animal relegated
in favor of worthless pugs and pood
les.
The re-opening of the public sehodls
brings again the discussion as to the
relative merits of men and women as
teachers Tor boys. Since perhaps 90
per cent of public school teachers are
women, their general fitness is a mat
ter of the greatest importance. With-
binding on what it omits than on what it con
tains” —thus asking the plutes to take, notice
that he has dropped all of his radicalism and
has put every wheel in the Cleveland rut.
What Democratic principles can you put
your finger on in Bryan’s platform? None.
The Democratic principles of 1896 and 1900
have been omitted, and Bryan begs Wall Street
to note the fact.
But should not those voters who are Demo
crats in principle also note it?
* H H
Mr. Hearst Must Habe His Little Joke.
In his Atlanta speech.<#t the Graves’ notifica
tion ceremony, Mr. William R. Hearst said
that he “just came down to Georgia to see
irw friend Graves nominated.”
As “my friend Graves” receives $15,000 per
year from Hearst to act as editor of one of his
papers, the interest of Hearst in his friend
Graves is not only legitimate, but insurable.
Then, again, as “my friend Graves” was no
tified by Clarence J. Shearn, the personal at
torney of Mr. Hearst, it was all the more natu
ral that Hearst should want to be there. The
Boss wanted to see the show, as his lawyer
“notified” his editor. If Hearst’s man Ihm
senn had also been present —he of the Hearst
dough-bag—to read a Brisbane speech on the
wickedness of the use of money in elections,
the joke would have climaxed.
As it was, the performance was unique
enough.
By the way, in addition to being the friend
of “my friend Graves,” Mr. Hearst is chair
man of the Hearst party, and pays for the
special train on which the circus travels.
We are not prepared to affirm or deny the
rumor that Mr. Hearst has engag-ed a minstrel
troupe to accompany the great reform move
ment in its future perambulations.
out any reflection whatever upon
them, it would seem that the schools
could do no better than to follow the
home, wherein the masculine and fem
inine elements form an equal part in
the molding of the child mind. There
is distinct need for good school mas
ters, as well as mistresses, in Amer
ican education and both boys and
girls would benefit from a two-sided
arrangement which would give a
healthful and wholesome variation
of ideas.
Ten Dollars is what it cost Joseph
Morgan, of Wheeling, West Virginia,
for kissing the * Peerless One.” It
does not appear that the law was
broken, but the Judge was evidently
persuaded of Morgan’s poor taste.
hiom Damascus to Mecca will soon
be a trip made easily by rail, and all
devout believers in the Moslem faith
may soon accomplish that pilgrimage
foi which his heart yearns, and
which is supposed to insure his en
trance into Paradise, in double-quick
time. However, unless the Pullmans
ovei there are a vast improvement
on those we have at home, the hard
ships of the jurney will rather be aug
mented than lessened in exchanging
camels, hot sands and general discom
foit for modern railroad service, so
he will still be entitled to all the cred,
it coming to him from the trip,