... . , 2; , , ' _ _ •/;- ... „ , -7 , , ,' . ... . J_, „•
B Let The Days Pass ~“£W E w ** f
* ■ ■ ■ ,asr **«F ** mwv day. Take your time in fl fl gk
FM deciding-. Every day will mean something-, will tell its story to you, but take , . .Ji
your time. Note results each day, but wait until you are SURE. You will not 3BHBBI
be rushed, hurried or worried. We want you to take fully thirty days time tn BEBBfll ABEBa ? S"
judge it, to know for yourself. If you want more time, take it. TAKE ALT.
8M THE TIME YOU NEED. Be quick in sending for it—be slow in paying for it. BE tt A Isl AMi jg& MR
Take time to FIRST MAKE SURE. When you are sure, PAY FOR IT. If B B ■
you are not sure, DON’T PAY A PENNY. We want to send you a full-sized
dollar package of Vitae-Ore entirely on trial, want you to have fully thirty days AMR H B B
to watch its results, to note its action in your system, to see how it benefits BBE ■ K 'laljljmnl
your health, to see how it cures sickness and disease, to learn WHAT VITAE- BB 111 EL.
1 ORE WILL DO FOR YOU. We mean just what we say—it is all left to your .-. > ■ .-v j.
d-< i^ion-take plenty of time to decide. We know V.-O.—we take all the risk, fl ' =
b Proven By Time. Uqw Can ¥mi Refuse It® Had Kidne y Trouble. B
- 11 VW wail Svll- llwlUvv ill Moultrie, GA.-When I first began Vita?-Ore I I
u- ■ —«—■« mmw. —— had been afflicted for about twelve years with a sSH
AH Open Letter rrOfls T.IOO. Noel. Vitse-OreU offered tn fWoiv n n «.»rT«.<iiv « na t nn vnru serious Kidney Trouble, at times so bad that my gsJ|
Over a quarter of a century has come and gone since I WORD that yon want it, YOUR PROMISEthsit you will urine Would be thick with blood and phosphate. I ||||
first offered the original Vitae-Ore to America’s sick, and my use it. That is all! What la your excuse if you do not send tried several doctors, as well aS
ft-. ■] faith in its powers to heal and cure various diseased condi- for It! Yon need the HEALTH it offers: you NEED IT to patent medicines recommended
fecj tions of the human body grows stronger every day. I believe help youget the strength, vigor, and comfort in body and mind for a trouble of this nature, but
M1« Vitse-Ore because I know. Any man who would sit THAT YOU OUGHT TO HAVE. Give Vlt»-Ore a chance found absolutely no relief. I FV M
in my office for one day and read the letters which come to to prove it Is Just-what you have long been wanting; Just what also took treatment at different w 3* IBM
my Company, telling what Vitae-Ore has done for men and you NOW ARE SEERING-a means to perfect, absolute, times from three well-known
r--."! women sufferers in all parts of the country, could not do other- permanent health, Vitee-Ore holds out to you the helping hand specialists witbout benefit. Vt. iwA
wise than believe in it and be satisfied of the good work it is that has lifted thousands up to strong, virile, vigorous, happy, At last I decided to ouit fooling x-. 1 #
iMI ap d Ih a y e J ea d such letters at my desk for many years. disease-free manhood and womanhood—what is your excuse with medicines, feeling that
ra h r e C I tl flrS L O^r^Vl^’. OTCtotha if you do not grasp It 1 You want health, your family wants feeling
W , orld believed in it and itspowers. you to have It; Theo. Noel, the founder of Vi toe-Ore, whose
®i* e 1 J“, o l bave offered it. open letter Is on this page, wants you to have it, all of your
I thought I would do some good in the Ti neighbors, your friends and associates, all want you to have ®igned to what seemed the end.
I' .1 world while making a competency for M HEALTH. Vltse-Ore offers a chance for all this to you. When It was at this time that I read OS
myself.lwasamiddle-agedman.be- it does Its work It is as though Health were placed upon a the Vitas-Ore advertisement and
yond the wild theories and enthusiasms Rmk platter and brought to your table. The Theo. Noel Company sent for a package with the hope
fcsfl of youth, and knew the properties /*A >W> hiSw Is the waiter, awaiting your call, ready, willing and anxious it might be the remedy I was xU AW
was offering. But In my 4;-JmF to serve it to you. There need be no tip«no fee, not a penny looking for. It did not require 'Vwk
H Sturethatlay in’sSefor «»}ess you are satisfied with the service. Vou have but to ask, more than one week’s use of \W» dh
'• J ature Taa^ la y in Bl °re lor vll ®*Yre, y/JK but to say the word, but to crook your finger, and you will be tn Ratkfv ms it, wn<j all nnd I
helped to your share. Read our trial offer and send today! “gained twllvf g
l miiiiors nf sick people whom it ,ndlf weeks,and soon felt vigorous and hearty, although
would cause to be benefited. RsH BMr * then 54 years old. lam now 58 years old ana can do as jfcg%3
BsggS > And now, at the ripe age of seventy ga I B
years, as I look backward over the past Y Bm »W • |r* I | Hfwß fl BI a. fl dL* 1 flB I |■■ * 1 caa as though Vitac-Ore saved my life. W. R. Key.
and see the present Vltse-Ore business. Mai • I • Bag fl | | £’"* flaw H ■ I * I BL •111 Bi
few wl ’b its sales of hundreds of thousands of packages yearly, 1 IMLrffl— (AiiA ,I, *‘ i ' ll **-*■ —■■■-
K-/-3 find therein proof that my first belief in Vitae-Ore was right, sa AH A Al If ■
that my confidence in it was justified, that the verdict of the , „ GllfAn nV Zl lAJIFC BO*A.
people and the passage of time have proven my claims true. Tie A UlawJ and W 0 will Send you a full will wll MJ illClv VI wAI IbwiOHgVi
Vitae-Ore has succeeded because it has done the work that it ■lllSbl dflw § JjH ®®Qg|j sized SI.OO package of Vitae- New ORLEANS, LA. —In 1872, while stooping down flfl
?A*?s was advertised to do. because it has brought satisfaction to wwwu wwj ■ eaw uuwbw Ore, enough for one month’s to tie a boat, something went wrong in my body I
those who have used it. Its remarkable achievements of the continuous use. We want to send it on thirty days' trial. We was unable to get up. I had to crawl to mv house
past are the best pledge of its usefulness in the future. don’t want a penny—we just want you to try it without any risk, on my hands and feet and I lay in bed for one month
IB just want the word from you telling us to are thereafter I had doctors, who gßtme out®of bedbut ftg
H Ssed t^ta^brewithTurofl^tSthiir health ?r^ d y oU rl n Wa 7’ ? hl V?u the^ ay W€ L B ? U 1 could hardly walk. I suffered like this for »
EI wort to !n matrer wh^the ailmeS’ 40 tho s 4 ct ’ / J W 2? i 9 < l e absolutely all the risk-we take sixteen years until 1888. when I saw an advertisement S
B for while
cases in which operations may be necessary, there are but few *, S nnV y 4 a ys, see what it does for you and pay us down, I had to prop myself with my hands on my legs,
cases in which it cannot boos some benefit, owing to the fl.OOforit if it has he 1 ped you, if you are satisfied that it has done inch by inch, until I was up. I could hardly walk on Bn
■Smi almost inevitable constitutional improvement which follows you positive, actual, visible good—benefit that you know and can account of the pain. I sent for Vitas-Ore and it has laps
1%2s its steady use. The letters in this page, which I ask the sick feel. Otherwise we ask nothing, we want nothing and you pay cured me. I nave been using it as a family remedy
to read, tell their own itory in away no man can nothing. Oan you not spare a few moments to write OUR name ever since that time for twenty-one years and lam
question or doubt. They are but a few of the thousands and address on an envelope and YOUR name and address in the in splendid health. lam now 68 vears old and
1 have seen and read during the past twenty-five years. I coupon, so we will know you want to try Vitas-Ore? Cannot you think I would have been dead many years ago if it had
hl personally vouch for the genulneneraof each and every letter S n are a few moments each day for thirty days to use it? That is not'been for VitS-Ore Jos Kibbler 2S§ 2nd St
contained in_ this all it takes. Cannot you spare this little time if it means new uccu jub. ixibblisk, at.
A health, new strength, new blood, new force, new energy, vigor, n
Slow k t.ho nroad / life and happiness, tfou are to be the judge. We are perfectly .| M T...
jO A willing to trust to your decision, to let everything rest with your nfi nn6UllldtlSM 111 iWCIVG I RdFSi
rl tothJLto VCA honor and judgement, as to whether Vitas-Ore has earned its pay. 11 a!!?. ♦
; ~ ands of a ■■ 11 Qi Bead what Vitas-Ore is, read how it brings a healing mineral Oromiae, Cal. About twelve years ago I was
t 3 former sufferers. sprlßg to jour door and send today tor a 11.00 package on trial. ‘“S*“ft*handwm draw“oSt“? fl
in shape, and I could not straighten out my arm. I
B§aa llUaa Aka Cam Rheumatl.m and Vi V obtalne< ? * WO lockages of Vitas-Ore. After using it
IISO ¥IIR6"(JFe rOF Kidney, Bl U’II 'I Efl •I 1 EBL 8I•1 I-I B ? n 2y ee £J noticed a change for the better, and
u'::1 '*»’*** ■bmsv urs v ■wi jsi ad< j er or x,i ver ■■ * i i| I . IT| fl » ■ J a w I • I r"B| inside of two weeks I could straighten out my arm rgß
DSaeace, Dropsy, Stomach Disorders, Female All- 111 I 1 I■■ I ■ 1
•■-.J men ts, Functional Heart Trouble, Catarrh of Any entirely disappeared from them. I took four pack-
' Vari, Nervous Prostration, La Orippe, Amemiu, ages in all, and it drove out Chronic Rheumatism of
. Sor s ß . n , d «r ILTIce X"\ B 2L w ’ e . 1 ..T r ? 1, . b1^ H ’ I . l . n !‘ u, e > K silkfifteen years’standing from my feet,. I have never
l; ’ Blood and All Worn-Out, Debilitated Conditions. MggEg «11 I I dflfl * A* J jEjwBEBBI twelve years had a sign of Rheumatism
. mi.mii returning, although I have been exposed to all flfl „
a ■ i ■■■■—■—Since the beginning of time mineral springs have been utilized for kinds of weather. H. E. Downer.
* S TW.'TF their healing and restorative powers. The ancients knew their ■■ 1 11 i || »»oMmmssmnmssMm—— ■ i BE
' K. fl, J U fl—w. fl value and had favorite springs, to which they resorted when i ■ a, ■■
s i - ““ ““ feeble in health. Although in our artificial civilization, man has aft. DllCdTldfl
r.?; ? n- . au« gotten far away from nature and natural modes of healing, the ws ■ ■ vs ia
L - > § Tuso. Noel co., vitae-Qre oifig., Gnicago, ins. medicinal value of mineral waters has always been recognized Wallace, Neb. —Vitae-Ore was the means of sav-
■ ...» d * nave read your large advertisement mme and they are depended upon as curatives when other means fail. Ing my life and rescued me from an existence that
Doctors do not deny their value, but voluntarily acknowledge it was almost unbearable, I bad been suffering flfl
’ p'id want you to send me a full-sized One Dollar when their prescriptions fail to benefit, by sending patients to for a long time with Palpitation
r ' a package of Vltre-Ore for me to try. I agree to mineral springs. The curative forces found in mineral waters of the Heart and Smothering fl!
i », pay si.oo if it benefits me, but win not pay a come from the natural mineral deposits through which the Spells/Nervous Prostration. Fe- Beal
; E penny if it does not. lamto be the Judge. The waters force their way and the mineral from such deposits, if male Weakness, Catarrh of the IR3
■ following is my address, to which the trial treat- oxidized by exposure to the air, would no doubt become soluble K 7 Head,Throat and Stomach, Kid-
, i ment is to be sent by mall, postpaid 1 in water and make mineral waters of great power. The name Eh W ney and Bladder Trouble. In
Vitae-Ore means “Life Mineral" and the original Vitae-Ore, /w ■’<♦) fact, Ido not believe I had a fetiS
g founded by Theo. Noel and first offered by him to the sick in the sound organ in my body. I was
year 1880, came from a natural mineral deposit, possessing, when ¥ in bed lor seventeen weeks, Sfea
- 1 « mixed with water, curative virtues of a high order. Vitae-Ore in V® when I was induced to give
r .. . I its improved form is a combination of substances from which Vitae-Ore a trial. I think it was
Tawm many world-noted mineral springs derive medicinal power and a God-send, as all my diseases Hm
ji suwa ■ i. healing virtues. It consists of compounds of Iron, Sulphur and began to yield immediately and
ri : 3 Magnesium, elements which are among the chief curative agents 'TI was cured after two months gSel
*■ * I in nearly every healing mineral spring and are necessary for the WWftiWi' 11 use. I could do all of my own
: ii atuW , ■ creation and retention of health. Each teaspoonful of the liquid housework with pleasure, slent £l3!
’ I made from Vitao-Ore, drunk in a half glass of ordinary drinking- -<»> ?«. r like a child and had a very good
rV] a street ar water, makes a mineral water equaling in medicinal strength appetite. I gained 18 pounds in two months. This
f ' 2c...idL*. and healing value, many glasses of the world’s powerful mineral w’asfour years ago and Vltre-Ore is now our
a aural kout« waters, drunk fresh at the springs. Vltm-Ore is a mineral standby. It is at present nicely tiding me over the
spring, condensed and concentrated, brought right to your door. Change of Life. Mrs. J. O. Purbaugh.
S YOU Pov For Only What Has Been Y ® n P a T. f ° r and if the work has not been dene to Hi
p&y wwnttk a your satisfaction, you don’t yay ior it—No, not a vennv! You are to ha th a
E 5 s judge, and you can easily judge. You know if you feel better, if you sleep better, if you are stronger, more active, if your limbs do not pain you. if ®
I your stomach or kidneys do not trouble you, if your heart or fiver does not bother you. You know whether or not your organs are acting better
whether or not health is returning to your body. Send the coupon for a trial package today on these liberal conditions. ADDRESS US AS FOLLOWS* '
THEO. NOEL CO., CHICAGO, ILL. 1