who was very much feared when he stood for
something more than greed for office.
In short, Roosevelt, like President Harrison,
has found it impossible to do everything that
Wall Street asked: and Wall Street means to
whip the Republican chiefs into abject submis
sion, again, by electing Bryan.
The multi-millionaires of the country want
another McKinley, and they mean to have him,
even though they have to get him, as they did
in 1896, by first electing a Democrat.
Cleveland at first was a reformer, but Wall
Street made him rich and when he got the
Presidency the next time he was no longer a
reformer.
Bryan at first was a reformer, but he has
grown rich, is almost as fat as Cleveland was,
and is now a Clevelandite of whom Wall Street
is no longer afraid.
* *
What Else, "Besides Cocktails ?
We have the word of Major Moses Wetmore,
the Tobacco Trust member of Bryan’s Finance
Committee, that the $20,000 paid into the Bry
an treasury bv Haskell, the Standard Oil man,
“wouldn’t pay for the cocktails drunk in this
establishment,” —meaning the sumptuous quar
ters of the Bryan Committee in Chicago.
Conceding that thirsty followers of the au
thor of the famous lecture “On the Divinity of
Christ” must be refreshed by cocktails —a
name for some sort of forbidden tipple, we fear,
—to the extraordinary aggregate of $20,000,
we’d like to know what the balance of the mil
lion dollars which the virtuous Democrats are
raising is to be used for.
It can not be that the author of the lecture
“On the Diyinity of Christ” wants any voters
hired to vote for him. That wouldn’t be nice:
and of course the Peerless will not do, or wink
at, anything that isn’t nice. Obviously they
can not spend a million dollars for traveling
expenses, for there is Kern trapesing around
on a free pass, and surely the other Bryanite
spellbinders will be treated equally well.
The Bryanites have already begged the peo
ple out of nearly $300,000, and the clamor for
more, more, MORE is fierce; —but
what else besides cocktails are they going to
buy?
Votes? Heavens, — no! What then? We
give it up.
MM*
Bryan and the Negroes.
Here is a morsel of news which we find in
that good Democratic paper, The Atlanta
Georgian:
“Mr. Bryan spoke to an immense audience in
the hall in Denver in which he was nominated.
A parade of 300 negroes, bearing banners con
taining extracts from Senator Foraker’s speech
es on the Brownsville affair, was a feature of
his reception.”
Here we have the proof that Mr. Bryan is
eagerly accepting the support of the negroes
who are angry with Roosevelt and Taft be
cause of the fact that these two Republicans
sided with the South against the black brutes
who shot up Brownsville, Texas.
Every one of those extracts from Foraker’s
speeches on the Brownsville affair was a de
fense of the negro murderers and a violent at
tack upon Roosevelt for dismissing them from
the army.
And now Bryan tacitly ratifies Foraker’s po
sition in the matter. He is silent when the ne
groes publicly repeat on their banners the For
aker speeches. He allows the negroes to be
lieve that he is with them on the Brownsville
episode. They would not be featuring this
Brownsville issue at Bryan’s meeting if they
had not been given to understand that Bryan
sides with them and with Foraker, rather than
with Roosevelt and the Southern people.
* * * ♦
On their way to Brownsville, in August, 1906,
the negro troops tore down the signs in the
cars which designated the coaches that were to
151) e □kffersonlan
be used by the blacks. They told the conduc
tor, a white man, that when they got to Browns
ville all the women of the town would look
alike to them, —white women, black women,
Mexican women. They had no sooner gone
into barracks than they began a series of acts
of insolence which culminated in the attempt
of negro soldier to assault a white lady.
Then came the midnight raid in which they
shot up the town, killing one man at his own
gate, shattering the arm and killing the horse
of the chief of police, firing into every lighted
window, riddling the hotel with bullet holes
and shooting into private houses, —terrorizing
the whole town. Then they jled back to the
barracks, leaving a soldier’s cap in the street,
and many empty cartridge shells, etc.
Excepting those negro soldiers, no other
band of men could possiblv have attacked the
town. No other BAND OF MEN had the mo
tive to do it. No other band of men were
armed with the uniform weapon which made
the holes in the houses. No other band of men
could have left on the ground the evidences of
guilt which were found there next morning.
No band of men, excepting those negro soldiers
quartered in those barracks, could have possi
bly swooped upon the town and disanoeared,
LEAVING NO TRAIL OF THEIR AD
VANCE AND RETREAT. In some way the
coming and going of the band could have been
traced. The tracks could not all have been
covered up.
We think this reasoning is conclusive.
So thought the people of Brownsville. So
thought the President and Mr. Taft. So
thought the U. S. Senate. Every Democratic
Senator, with the exception of Tillman, who
hates Roosevelt, voted his endorsement of the
President’s course in condemning these riot
ous, murderous brutes. Bryan himself then
endorsed Roosevelt’s course.
Yet now we see him abase himself the posi
tion of a tacit acquiescence of the Foraker anti-
Southern position.
In his great public meeting, the negroes
flaunt their condemnation of Roosevelt’s dis
missal of the murderers and Bryan blandly
smiles upon those banners as though he were
in sympathy with Foraker and the black crim
inals.
The marvel of it all is that the Southern
Democratic editors make no comment upon
Bryan’s disgraceful bid for the negro vote.
After a little while, the blindness of the po
litical partisanship which is giving Bryan the
support of the South in this campaign will be
a thing of the past. Then, the Southern people
will begin to ralize how they have been bun
coed.
Bryan truthfully declared that Cleveland was
a bunco steerer who had played a confidence
game upon the people.
But Cleveland got what he was after; and
if Bryan does not reach the White House by
the same bunco steering methods it will not be
his fault. HE IS PLAYING THE GAME
JUST AS CLEVELAND PLAYED IT.
M * *
"Let There Be Light.”
Identifying himself temporarily with the Al
mighty, in a somewhat blasphemous manner,
Mr. Bryan cries.
“Let there be light!”
He means, of course, that the wicked Repub
licans should show us where they get their
campaign boodle.
While the Peerless is calling for light, and
while we wait for those wicked Republicans to
answer the query, “Where did you get it?” Mr.
Bryan might entertain and edify the audience
by letting us know what went with the $15,000
which his dear brother and dear brother-in
law got from Rvan and Belmont in 1904. On
this dark spot, also, “let there be light.”
Come now. William, where’s that Ryan-Bel
mont boodle?
The Campaign In Georgia.
Oh, if we just had one more month! To edit
a weekly paper and a monthly magazine, and to
keep one’s private affairs in shape at the same
time, leaves so little of the week for speech
making in distant parts of the State that we
have not been able to cover it as we had hoped
to do. But wherever we have gone we have
been touched and encouraged by the enthusi
asm shown by old friends.
The series of meetings last week — Sylvania,
Statesboro, Stillmore, Dublin —were almost a
revelation of the living force of Populism. It
is neither dead nor sleeping. It seems to be as
ready to answer the drum tap and the bugle
call as in the 90’s. Not only is the fire of en
thusiasm burning brightly in the hearts of the <
men and the boys, but good women, wherever
we go, give us evidences of heart-felt sym
pathy.
We expect to continue the work, as per the
list of dates published in this issue of the Jef
fersonian, up to the very night before the elec
tion. We earnestlv urge our friends through
out the State to cooperate actively, earnestly
and untiringly with us until the polls have
been closed on November 3rd.
Let us show to the world that there is life in
the old land yet. Let us show to those North
ern fellows that we Southern people don’t be
long to them. Let us prove to them by the
size of our vote that we are determined to make
a desperate effort to escape from an economi
cal and political bondage, to make our way
through the wilderness, no matter how many
years it may take us, determined to regain the
lost prestige and power of our forefathers.
In every State where we have tickets in the
field, we hope that our friends will do every
thing in their power to impress upon those who
believe in Jeffersonian Democracy the impor- _
tance of going to the polls and voting. Let
each man do his full duty. There should be tens
of thousands of Populists in every Southern
State who do not need to be roused by speeches
in order to become good Populists. They are
already so. Let them simply take interest
enough on .election day to go and A r ote their
conscientious conviction.
Ask your Democratic neighbor and friend
if he is willing to vote for a man like Bryan, who
was born and raised in Illinois, who in 1891
said that he could not afford to vote for an ex-
Confederate soldier; a man that has expressed
no regret that in the convention which nomi
nated him this year the Bryanite band insulted
the South by playing “Marching Through
Georgia,” —as they pranced around the Georgia
delegation, amid hooting and jeers and scoffs—
nor for the conduct of his convention in hissing
and hooting down the Southern delegation
when it was proposed that the name of Robert
E. Lee should be mentioned with as much hon
or as that of Abraham Lincoln.
Ask your Democratic neighbor and friend if
he is willing to endorse with his support a
Democratic candidate who practiced social
equality by sending his own daughter and his
own son to be educated in a college on a plane
of social equality with young negro men and
young negro women, —as Bryan did with his
son and daughter in the University of Ne
braska. y
Ask your Democratic neighbor and friend if
he is willing to vote for a Democratic Candi
date one of whose speakers in this campaign
is the Rev. Dr. Owen Waller, a negro, who is
secretary of the Cosmopolitan Club which ad
vocates social equality and the intermarriage of
the black and white races.
Ask your Democratic neighbor and friend
whether he is willing to endorse with his sup
port a Democratic Presidential candidate who
has taken a position on the race question which
is less friendly to the South than that which
Roosevelt or Taft has taken, and who is cater
ing to the negro vote by giving them secret as
surances which satisfy them, — endangering
e (Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE