PAGE FOUR
Nelvs and Vielvs of Various Things
Into Our Own Again.
The Republicans have again indulged them
selves in the luxury of a national nominating
convention, at which all the spontaneous en
thusiasm of a steam calliope was exhibited
and as we write the unholy caterwaul of the
Democrats splits the clear atmosphere of Col
orado. But, strengthened and solidified by the
discipline of defeat, disdainful of bombast,
secure in the knowledge of an invincible pow
er to restore to the Nation its high heritage
of freedom, the forces of Populism are coming
together. The scattered return to the ancient
fold. The veterans of many a campaign are
coming back, bearing with them recruits from
our finest young manhood.
Mississippi has indorsed the national ticket.
All along the line reports are coming in that
prove that Populism is li putting on its
strength.” That it is “rejoicing as a strong
man to run a race.” We never saw an ath
letic contest or any other trial of might that
began with mere noise on the part of those
who participated. It’s the grimness of silent
determination that counts. West Virginia is
putting the splendid spirit of Ser best men
into the cause. Last week the party com
pleted its organization, under the masterly
leadership of Mr. Jay W. Forrest, prefatory
to nominating a full State ticket. Candidates
for Congress will also be put into the field.
Alabama and other Southern States are draw
ing out their full strength for Jeffersonian
principles.
Let our people come into their own again.
Noise, shouting, brass bands and sky-rockets
mean little; they intimidate nobody, stimulate
nobody. It is the man who has the courage of
his own convictions; the man who has unself
ishness and fearlessness in his makeup, who is
quietly aligning himself with the Jeffersonians
for the mightiest moral contest the world has
ever seen.
Monument to “Uncle Remus.”
If the children of Atlanta, of the South and
of the world unite in the building of a monu
ment to their beloved friend, who was so un
derstandable by, so understanding of, their
shy little hearts, it will be the most stainless
ever erected. This they are going to do, and
perhaps a fitting thing, for marble will endure
through ages. Yet—the thought will come
that, if it could only be some great, human,
tender thing to be done in his'name, he would
appreciate it more than bronze or alabaster.
Peary for the Pole.
Another exploring expedition is starting for
“the pivot upon which the world turns,” and
Commander Peary, on the “Roosevelt,”
makes another brave start into the frozen
North. His daughter, known the world over
as “the Snow Baby,” who was born in the
land of the midnight sun, is now a str»dy lass
of about sixteen years, whose dear desire, it
is said, is to accompany her father back to
the strange regions of her nativity. It is
doubtful, howevei, that her father would ever
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
permit her to encounter the perils so insep
arable from such a trip. Yet, between his
devotion to science and to his litttle family,
brave Peary must find his heart almost as
completely divided as are the poles them
selves.
Whist.
The 18th Aiinutal Congress of the American
.Whist League convenes in New York. They
are “full of serious purpose, and the pro
gram does not contemplate much sight-seeing-,
even for out of town members.” Great Tid
dledy-winks! Is it to laugh, or rave or weep?
Whist as amusement; whist as skill; whist as
a beneficent scheme for keeping the world still
a little while, is entirely tolerable, possibly
admirable. But the imagination is appalled in
contemplation of strange visitors to our great
est metropolis too intent upon a card game to
get a glimpse of the Goddess of- Liberty to
be personally conducted by the megaphone
man into the heart of the 400. We wish them
great results from their “serious purpose”
and hope they will be able to pursue it undis
turbed by the social problem of the East Side,
undisturbed by the seductions of Coney Isle.
Perhaps we should really rejoice that we have
people who can be so engrossed in a trivial
fad as to be heedless of the burden and heat
of the day that those of us experience in
wrestling with real problems; and charitably
we ought to hope that their intense eoncentra-.
tion of thought upon the combinations in a
deck of cards will not prove too terrific a
strain.
Taft Seeks a Chairman.
Pathetically the huge ship, Taft, having
been ponderously launched, awaits some stur
dy little tug to tow him into the great waters
of polities. Poor Taft! He seems the mag
nification of mediocrity. We could quite wish
that he would develop enough snap to run his
own campaign, instead of keeping up the
weary hunt for someone to “manage” him.
At least it would display one ray of individ
uality. But we feel confident he will lose
even this good opportunity. Probably Hitch
cock will be the man selected as the “tug.”
Elbertas Forever.
The glad tidings go forth that one million
cans of peaches are now being “put up.” It
is serenely certain that they will ultimately be
“put down.” Since Americus, Georgia, has
done this thing, the devotees of peach pie
should rise up and call her blessed. There are
pies and pies, of course, but the peach strikes
the popular chord. Few of us are daring
enough to dispose of a hunk of the dried ap
ple variety even at the family board. This is
a thing we do in the still watches, when we
sneak downstairs in pajamas and devour the
delicacy unespied; then we can always deny
it afterward. Then there is the lemon me
ringue, and all the host of effeminate type of
pastry that is delicious enough, but not suf
ficiently filling for the 15 cent lunch. So it is
the peach pie upon which we hang our hopes,
and it seems we are not to be disappointed.
Anent cans, have you heard the story of the
Alaska pioneers, who carried their supplier,
of food with them? Their store of condensed
provender seemed exhaustless, until their Es
quimoux guide no longer wondered at any
thing. One day someone started up a grapho
phone, thinking to astonish the natives, but
failed utterly to create a ripple of surprise.
“But what do you think it is?” they queried.
“Oh,” the guide replied, “it’s only canned
man!”
Balloonists Agitate Some Laws.
We are informed that there is to be a “con
certed action on the part of balloonists in the
several states” to obtain proper legislation in
their behalf. They rather naively admit that
they are rather “up in the air” as to stating
their needs, for lack of precedents to follow.
Perhaps it is very lofty-minded in them to
take the trouble to provide a decorous aerial
code against the time when the airship shall
strip from us the last possibility of seclusion,
but still we hasten to assure them that we do
not think competition is at all likely to become
pestiferous in their line for quite some time
to come; and we are further confident that a
direct right-of-way to land on our choicest
flower-beds will be established, beyond cavil,
by the mere incident of puncturing the gas
bag. However, there is one kind of vicious
idiot who can’t refrain from firing at a pass
ing balloon, even with full knowledge of the
awful consequences which will follow if he
hits either the bag or the occupant of the
basket. If any law could touch him, it would
be worth while. But no line or precept, law
or warning, has yet penetrated the feeble and
perverted brain of the fools who rock boats,
point pistols or play “practical jokes” upon
sensitive and timid people, and it were idle for
an aeronaut to trust himself to anything else
than Luck.
Eli Got There.
Over in Hazlehurst, Miss., a youth of 17
summers—which must have been unusually ar
dent ones—has just Committed suicide three
times, or died a triple death, or, well, you
can’t quite explain it, that is, you can’t tell
which death he died first, or get the modes on
in proper and satisfying chronological order,
but, being enamored of three fair ladies, rang
ing in age from 16 to 35, and realizing con
fusedly that he could not marry them simul
taneously, he solemnly took morphine for Car
rie, laudanum for Eva and then wound up by
making a target of himself for Henrietta.
Thus he passed to a brighter and a better
world, where the sirens sing not in .chorus.
And to think that no one would tell the poor
chap that at his age, even the most reluctant
of the Courts would have enabled him to wed
early and as often no doubt as he might have
wished. One matrimonial experience might—
but let that pass.