ly call him “a prostitute”, because
he does not join the howling der
vishes, Debs, Warren & Co.)
(10) Mr. Watson, I wish you
would make a study of Socialism,
not for the purpose of combating it,
but to see truly what it really stands
for, and what in all probability it
will bring about. I, like so many
Georgians, have the highest regard
for your knowledge, ability and en
ergy, and like many other Socialists,
wish that we could have you as one
of us instead of as an opponent.
WILLIAM GREENE RAOUL, JR.
(Answer: Did so, William, quite
a number of years ago. When you
have studied it as broadly, you will
throw it over the back fence, as I
did. Am going to treat Socialism to
a series of articles in the Jefferson
ian magazine, and I want you to read
them. Judging from your letter,
you’re a Populist. At any rate, you
are wide of the mark as to Social-
Save Magazine Money By Doing Business With the
South’s Largest Magazine Subscription Agency
OUR SOUTHERN FRIENDS SEND US YOUR ORDER
We Represent Every Magazine, Every Newspaper Catalogue FREE
This is our fifth year in the magazine subscription agency business
ana we have learned a few things, too, about it; foremost among the
things we have learned is how to give the lowest prices and the best
service.
HERE’S SOME OF OUR OFFERS, READ AND BE CONVINCED
Ainslee’ssl.Bo $1.50 Americansl.oo ) n n i v si
Century 4.00 3.85 Uncle Remus’s. . 1.00 >• *.
Literary Digest. . . 3.00 3.00 or Watson’s ) a Year
Ladies’ Home Journal 1.50 1.50 H nc ) e Remus's. .sl-00| \ Bargain
Munsey’s 1.00 1.00 MccfirVln ‘51.65 a Yr.
Scribner’s 1.00 1.00 American 1
Saturday Even. Post. 1.50 1.50 Cosmopolitan
Any of the publications in this list Metropolitan I Any 2 $1.65
may be added at the price quoted Pictorial Review ' Any 3 $2.30
Success [ Any 4 $2.95
Metropolitan 1 Our Price Watson’s
Everybody’s - $2.50 Uncle Remus’s
Delineator ) a Year Taylor-Trotwood
SPEClAL—American and Good Housekeeping, both 1 year, $1.50
Bear in mind, we will be glad to quote you a price on any magazine
or newspaper and save you money when two or more are subscribed for.
Hoping to be favored with your next order
WALKER’S MAGAZINE AGENCY, 1
WATSON’S
I JEFFERSONIAN)
MAGAZINE
September, 1909
THOMSON, GEORGIA
Price, 10 cents
SI.OO per Year
ism. Come and join my class, Wil
liam.) t. E. W.
Build Cotton Factories in
(Concluded from Page 10.)
lishment of factories all over the
South. The main idea should be to
create a condition such that the
farmers receive a full, just and rea
sonable return for their crops, and
that some of the immense profits aris
ing from manufacture should remain
in the South.
Those who are in financial condi
tion to do this would not only be
furthering their own private inter
ests, but would be engaged also in a
public-spirited, patriotic effort to
build up the South financially.
The Legislature of Texas has ap
propriated $200,000 to build and
equip a cotton bagging factory at
Forth Worth, in that State.
WATSON BOOKS
Story of France, 2 vois. - - $4.00
(Premium for 6 subscribers)
Napoleon ------ 2.00
(Premium for 4 subscribers)
Life and Tinies of Thomas Jefferson 2.00
(Premium for 4 subscribers)
Bethany, Love Story of a Confederate Volunteer 1.50
(Premium for 3 subscribers)
Waterloo, Latest of Mr. Watson's Works - 1.50
(Premium for 3 subscribers)
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
(Premium for 3 subscribers)
Handbook of Politics and Economics 1.00
(Premium for 2 subscribers)
Sketches of Roman History-- .50
(Premium for 1 subscriber)
Agents Wanted, Address Book Dept. JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
PQCIUIIIIMQ 1 Subscriptions at one dollar each may be sent in for
in Cm IU mo « Watson’s Magazine or The Jeffersonian. Twenty-five
subscriptions will earn a complete autographed set of all Mr. Wat
son’s books. These subscriptions may be sent in one or two at a
time, and will be credited on account of the premium desired.
Mr. Watson’s Reply
'pO A LADY MISSIONARY who remonstrates with
him for championing what she considers an unright
eous cause, will appear in the September Magazine.
Is there a White Slave
Traffic?
JNCIDENTALLY, but with facts that will startle Am
erica, Mr. Watson touches’ upon “The White Slave
Traffic.” Read of the conditions in your own land,
and you will be an instant volunteer to change them.
Hie Dark
'pHOUSANDS of readers are anxiously awaiting the
second installment of Zach McGhee’s wonderful
novel of present-day life in the rural South.
Life of Andrew Jackson
gVERY SOUTHERNER and every lover of the
South will read with vivid interest this new chapter
in the history of his beloved country.