PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., NOVEMBER 5,1908.
The Nelv Orleans Contention In the In
terest of the Cotton Groh? er.
The readers of The Jeffersonian do not need
to be told that we have for several years en
deavored to convince the people of the futility
of conventions whose alleged purpose was to
bring about closer relations between spinners
and growers. It is perfectly apparent to any
one who has studied the subject that conven
tions of this sort can never bring the desired
result. The spinner would not be human if he
did not want to get cotton as low as possible.
The grower would not be human if he did not
want to sell cotton as high as possible. To
speak of bringing about closer relations be
tween the buyers and the sellers of cotton is as
meaningless as to speak of bringing about clos
er relations between the buyers and the sellers
of mules and horses. The last one of these
great conventions, in which spinners were in
vited to meet growers, was held in Atlanta. It
was pronounced a brilliant success. Soon af
terwards, cotton went down with a tumble.
At the present time, it is universally conced
ed that raw cotton is selling far below its true
value. It is out of proportion to everything
else. Not only is this hurting the cotton grow
er himself, but it hurts all who have any rela
tions with him. The country banker and the
city merchant who have dealt with the farmer,
extending him credit, are making slow headway
with their collections, for the simple reason that
the price of cotton is so very low that the
farmer is not inclined to sell; or, if he does sell,
does not realize enough to pay out. This being
so, the entire cotton growing belt is suffering
to a greater degree from the panic (which is
still on) than her sister sections of the Union.
Those who stand at the head of the great Far
mers’ Union movement have determined to
make an effort to find a remedy for the situa
tion. President Barrett has called a meeting,
which will convene in New Orleans on the nth
day of November. To that convention he cor
dially invites everybody who is willing to co
operate with the farmers of the South in get
ting a fairer price for the staple upon which the
prosperity of the South so largely depends.
The interests at stake are so tremendous, and
the possible good this convention may do are
so very great, that The Jeffersonian heartily
commends the plan of President Barrett and
hopes that there will be a large attendance at
New Orleans.
It is a literal fact that the Southern States
have drifted into a kind of industrial bondage.
THEY PRICE NOTHING WHICH THEY
BUY, AND NOTHING WHICH THEY
SELL. What they produce and carry to mar
ket is sold in competition with, the whole world.
What they buy is protected from the competi
tion of the outside world by laws framed in the
interests of those who produce these manufac
tured articles. SUCH UNFAIRNESS TO
ONE CLASS COULD NOT POSSIBLY
HAVE ANY OTHER RESULT THAN DIS
ASTER TO THOSE AGAINST WHOM
THE DISCRIMINATION IS MADE.
The Jeffersonian has a very clear idea of the
best way to remedy the industrial evils of the
South. If nothing Providential occurs, he will
‘Cfye Jeffersonian
attend the convention at New Orleans, at the
special invitation of President Barrett, and will
set forth his views in a public address.
M H
'Rockefeller's Re henge.
A sly old coon is Hon. Rockefeller —and a
malicious one withal.
Filled with vindictive resentment against
Roosevelt because of that $29,000,000 fine, and
other Governmental persecutions, this right
eous billionaire of the Standard Oil has been
doing his utmost to defeat Taft, the political
legatee of Roosevelt.
Through Haskell, Dave Francis, Pat McCar
ren and other lieutenants, the Standard Oil
crowd have been pouring cash into the Bryanite
campaign fund. The Peerless has had as much
boodle as he could use. Not a day in the cam
paign has he been short of funds. The Rocke
feller crowd saw to that.
But they saved the best wine to the last.
Their trump card they held in reserve. They
played it during the last days of the campaign.
Rockefeller, sly and malicious old coon,
came out for Taft.
He knew that his open support of Taft would
be about the best thing he could do for Bryan.
THE PEERLESS KNEW THIS, TOO.
Consequently, the two sly ones, Rockefeller
and Bryan, played into each other’s hands.
Wanting to elect Bryan, Rockefeller took his
revenge on Roosevelt by coming out for Taft.
Sly old coon, and a malicious one withal.
H
General 'Wheeler Did Say It,
Some time ago Mr. Watson referred to the
kind of “Tariff reform” which the Democratic
party gave to the country after the people had
elected a Democratic President and Congress
upon that very issue.
It was shown that Cleveland Democracy, in
full control of every branch of the Government,
framed one of the most damnable tariff acts
that ever disgraced the statute book. It was a
Tariff which the Trusts themselves dictated. It
gave to the Steel Trust exactly what it wanted,
and compelled the people to pay higher prices
for iron and steel articles. It gave to the Sugar
Trust precisely what it wanted, doubling the
duty on molasses and common sugar. In this
way the Trust was given the power to tax the
consumers of molasses and sugar to the merry
tune of $50,000,000 per year. How did they se
cure this power? By contributing $500,000 to
the Democratic campaign fund.
In connection with this shameful Wilson-
Gorman bill which the “Tariff reform” Demo
crats sold to the Trusts, Mr. Watson quoted
the language of Gen. Joe Wheeler denouncing
the measure.
As usual, the blindly partisan Democrats de
ny Mr. Watson’s statement.
As usual, he can produce the proof.
Turn to the Congressional Record of January
25, 1894, page 1360, right hand column, near
the bottom of the page, and read.
“IT IS CERTAINLY AN INJURY TO
THE SOUTH to place substantially all the ar
ticles which are produced in that section ON
THE FREE LIST, and then increase the du
ties upon articles which the people of that sec
tion ARE COMPELLED TO BUY.”
When an article is put upon the free list, all
the world can enter our markets and sell a sim
ilar article in competition with us. When ar
ticles are placed on the dutiable list, the foreign
world has to pay a custom-house tax before
these articles can be offered for sale in our mar
kets. The foreigner, of course, adds to his
price the amount of duty which he had to pay
at the custom house, and thus these dutiable
articles necessarily sell for more than articles
which are admitted free of duty.
Now, what Gen. Wheeler meant was that the
“Tariff reform” Democrats “had injured the
South” by framing a bill whose inevitable effect
would be to compel the South to pay a higher
price for everything she bought while accepting
a lower price for all she sold.
Wilson-Gorman bill did have exactly
that effect. It could not have been otherwise.
The Cleveland Democrats virtually said to our
industrial oppressors, “Take the pen and write
the law just as you want it. You know how
to frame a tariff schedule which will give you
the monopoly of the American market, thereby
enabling you to fix your own price for your
goods. You bought the right to frame such a
law. You paid for it in campaign boodle. Go
ahead and fix the tariff to suit yourselves. In
advance we sold you that license: we now de
liver the goods.”
The articles on which tariff duties were in
creased and the price thereby increased includ
ed such common necessaries as cheap clothing,
steel wire, iron pipe of every sort, nails, spikes,
tacks, brads, sprigs, rivets, saws, screws and
castile soap.
As Gen. Wheeler said, “it includes many ar
ticles which are used by the laboring people of
the South who ought not to be thus burdened.
EVEN TOOLS USED BY MINERS ARE
SUBJECTED TO AN INCREASE, while the
products of their mines are made free.”
After having exposed the injustice of the
Wilson-Gorman law, Gen. Wheeler voted for
it. But what does that prove? Merely the
moral weakness which has so long made of
brave men pitiable slaves to party. No possi
ble vote that Gen. Wheeler could cast could
wipe out his terrible denunciation of this infa
mous measure of “Tariff reform” which the
Cleveland Democrats sold to the Privileged
Few.
Did not Cleveland himself pretend to froth
with rage as wrote the “My dear Catchings”
letter in which he scored the Wilson-Gorman
bill as an act of “party perfidy and party dis
honor?”
His anger was assumed, of course. Had he
wanted to kill the bill, all he had to do was to
veto it. But he didn’t have the pluck to defy
the ravenous corporations. As a lusty young
bachelor, he had hired a poorer patriot to go to
the war and be shot at in his stead: in his ma
tured manhood he was equally lacking in the
elemental courage which regards the Call of
Duty as imperative, although it summons one
into the storm of battle, or of persecution more
cruel than death.
H n H
"Bryan's Moral Bankruptcy.
No man ever so lowered his standard to get
office as Bryan did in this campaign.
In 1904, when he submitted to the Wall
Street crowd, he did so under protest. To stop
the desertion of Democrats from the Parker
ranks, Bryan promised that as soon as that
campaign had ended he would immediately re
organize the party on the former lines of the
platforms of 1896 and 1900. In other words,
the Wall Street crowd should not continue to
control. As soon as Parker’s race should be
ended, Bryan was going to reorganize on radi
cal lines.
At that time Mr. Watson ridiculed Bryan’s
promise, and exposed its emptiness.
Bryan was asked, “Why are you trying to
elect Parker, when you know that his election
would make it impossible for you to overcome
the Wall Streeters? If they whipped you when
the Democratic party was out of power how
can you whip them after you put them in pow
er r
The truth is that Bryan made the promise
for no other purpose than to deceive his follow
ers, pacify them, persuade them to wait, and
to prevent them from flocking to Watson who
was making a stand for the principles which
Bryan had abandoned.
After the election Bryan forgot his pledge.
Not a finger did he move. The promise had
served his purpose, and that was enough for
this tricky and most selfish politician.
So far from returning to the principles of
1896, Bryan went farther away from them than
Parker did. To measure his downfall, one
needs only to look at the company he keeps.
In 1896 he refused to recognize Tom Taggart,
the gambling-hell man, and spurned that per
son’s invitation to visit French Lick Springs.