PAGE TWENTY-FOUR
PhfMimaiiem is in your blood, is living in your veins like ®L <**■ ■ •'
S .llVUl.SdLldlll a hungry wolf in a sheep-fold, destroying w|®
M your peace, devouring your energies, inflaming your tissues. ® ; ; Av: vv A , ' J '
H obstructing your joints, ENDANGERING YOUR HEART, and you BB W f ** ’’ MMwM
must CONQUER it or it will conquer YOU. You must drive it out. MF JH
You cannot COAX rheumatism out through the feet or skin with a m a Bb jm mm IB dh B A B B
plasters or cunning metal contrivances. You cannot TEASE it 1 fl| M ■ ■ ■ |H A ■ BSSH ■ SH B ■
out with electricity or magnetism. You cannot IMAGINE it out M 3mß H » » K M B|i S H M SB ML
with mental science. Hoping, wishing, longing, praying, fasting, B 8m ■ M IH ■ ■III B M M
dieting, sweating, bathing or rubbing won’t drive Rheumatism M M SM H B MHB B ■& B B I I B BK IHSak. ■
from your body. RHEUMATISM IS URIC ACID IN THE BLOOD H| MR W ■ R M R B Ml B B I 1 B MM HMM IBM
|H and if you want to drive it out of the blood you must go after it Kn| SB fH H| B K JR B Hi B H I H H BRI B wIBB m B M
and get it. This announcement shows you how to do it. Read j’ jr y 1k w Y 1 Jr 1 I
B every word it says and then DRIVE OUT RHEUMATISM.
I I A 8 Co “X n — k I F °AUZI Had Doctored For I
I WSWILM Ihvß<lvl Twenty-Five Years.
I from every reader of this paper who Is afflicted I
with Rheumatism, Lumbago or Neuralgia, giving P®\ w ® rk^ d J® r H y® ar -had doctored for twenty-five years for Rheumatism and
yk me their name and address, so I can send each one J?®" th2 could not & et a permanent cure, only being relieved for a ■
[s■■■ free a one dollar bottle of my Rheumatic st few days. When I first felt this terrible disease I thought I
ffvfe?. Remedy. I want to convince every Rheumatic Dotu ®’ 1S a wona m?*J ® ™ , T I had sprained my leg, but the next day the pain left me, so I
sufferer at my expensethat my Rheumatic Remedy XUUMAS uohjill. I worked on. In a few days the same pain came back and I B
r-’ats..,.. yil does what thousands of so-called remedies have K. . - Z .. went to a doctor, who said I had Muscular Rheumatism. ■
vVW failed to accomplish— actually cures Rheuma- NOW SOU nd AS A Dollar. At that time I was a plasterer by trade
WAjjg tism. I know it does. lam sure of it and I want Redfield, lowa.—Before I had taken
11 "■’’PEa every Rheumatic sufferer to know it and be sure of all of the first bottle of Kuhn’s Rheumatic
HW M) it, before giving me a penny profit. Remedy I felt better and when I had y a J* ™ h i£ M
J P taken three bottles I felt well. I stuck I cane, and lotslof nights I could not lie
W to it however, until I had used six bottles, I do . wn ’“‘l midnight, on account of the y
A Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy goes INTO to make sure. Now I make my hand in “mb7in ho“ the® ain Jould be
<ruc nnn du-the hay field. I have waited some time nmus m not water, me pain wouiu ue
BfelffinMKrA ts THE BLOOD to find the Rheumatism. j or the Rheumatic pains to return, but I eased a little and I would drop off to
WOIF It meets it there and DRIVES IT OUT am as sound as a dollar. I. A. Ford. sieep. Thirteen years ago I left Indiana
\ma) .. ’ anH .a u>hw .4 Dka.and came South for my health. At first 1 Ml
1 XxW- and that is why it cures Rheumatism. —— I got better, but then it came back on WfWfc#
Uli, ■ liV L—J NO Olgn Or KiWUmatlSm. me again, worse than ever. I went to
I /mum Rheumatism is Uric Acid and Uric Acid and Kuhn’s £’KlTi me' oSXS“?owd?re < tiSt surely containedoplates. By
Rheumatic Remedy cannot live together in the bad to give up my work j read a b o ut taking two of them at bedtime I could rest, but I had to I
B b ood * T| ie Jtheumatisni has to g° and Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy and sent for quit them as I saw the/would kill me. When I answered I
'nin doesgo. My remedy cres the sharp, shooting afreetrial bottle, which did me much the advertisement of Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy I had I
\C\\\\\\va\ / ■ fl'l joints, and cures them quickly. since. Altogether I have used five bottles came and I commenced taxing it. Afterlhadtakenone-
x.uiuii of Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy and I feel half the bottle I said, “Well, here is something helping me” |
that j am entirely cured, as it has an d by the time I had taken all of the bottle. I went back I
■ UHh BJL AB ■■ MM been months since I have had any sign to work. I sent and got three more bottles of Kuhn’s Rheu- I
B*o BB I i I IF /\ll of Rheumatism. J. Nielsen, matic Remedy and took same. Since taking this medicine I
■ Co I 1 B I W Bli jFNkll I ■ VW 202 Nielsen St. I have done all kinds of work and can plow all day. My I
H t. in , , x j .. r -n u ... m i —— doctor told me there wasn’t any cure for my Rheumatism, I
H If you will only let me do it. I will prove much in one week, if you will only but I know better now. There has been several people
write and ask my Company to send you a dollar bottle free, according to the Completely CUrea. around me here inquiring what I did for my Rheumatism,
following offer. 1 don’t care what form of Rheumatism you have or how long you Chicago, III.—I suffered with Inflam- and when I tell them of your remedy they all want it. I I
have had it. I don’t care what other remedies you have used. If you have not used matory Rheumatism in my right shoulder shall always praise this wonderful Remedy for what it has I
mine you don’t know what a real Rheu- / and Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy has com- done for me. lam sixty-three years old, and am a veteran I
B matic Remedy will do. Bead our offer / /s'-'lrS A/ pletely cured me. It is surprising how of the late war. Survetus Gerard.
below and write to us for a Free Y//\ * j easily it cures this disease. I have never '
L——n2».2 A.’n/beals, 160 Laflin st. tb I Chronic Rheumatism ■
EM 8 (tfk j, bba Was Confined To His Bed. For Thirty-Five Years.
HE 88 i E 1 Hamm H 8 St. Paul, Minn.—For seven months Struthers. Ohio.—When I commenced using Kuhn’s I
■ M wfl ■WI ■ ■ ■ Mm MBM %Z wwß WZ I had been suffering with Rheumatism Rheumatic Remedy I was completely crippled with Rheu- |
’feZ ■ and was confined to my bed most of the matism, especially my hands and limbs.
EMSI MHk MMi HMB HMM BMM IBM AF time. Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy was It had been years since I was able to
smai Mbrai ■ recommended to me and after using a lift anything. At times I would not be
g' |EL Eu H ■ bTW H full treatm ent I was entirely cured. For able to walk for several weeks. I had Z; &
“ MW BMB ■ ■ Mw ■ more than a year 1 have seen no sign of been a' sufferer from Chronic and Mus- , w
We want you to try Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy, to learn for yourself that Rheuma- This vS's Sd hid IB
tism can be cured and we want no profit on the trial. Afairtest isallwea.sk. If many dollars by allowing me to keep on trying different remedies advertised. fi
H| you find it is curing your Rheumatism or Neuralgia, order more to complete your working without being laid up every few and each one failed, so I did not have W 7 ' jT
cure and thus give us a profit. If it does not help you, that ends it. We do not send days, and I cheerfully recommend it. much faith left when I wrote for the jxfegfjL
a small sample vial, containing only a thimbleful and of no practical value, but a Arthur P. Patton, 29 Front St. trial bottle of Kuhn’s Rheumatic Rem-
full-sized bottle, selling regularly at drug stores for one dollar each. This edy. After using same I saw marked
bottle is heavy and we must pay Uncle Sam to carry It to your door. You must ■■ ■ iif*r n >■ improvement and by the time 1 had
send us 25 cents to pay postage, mailing case and packing, and this full-sized mf}N Af|f| WlfA nfitn used six bottles I was completely
One Dollar Bottle will be promptly sent you free, everything prepaid. There will MUM ■■■■« will cured. I never felt better than Ido now. lam fifty-five I
be nothing to pay on receipt or later. Don’t wait until your Heart-Valves E Vamma years old and feel like a woman twenty years younger. I
are injured by Rheumatic Poison, but send today and get a One Dollar Ulll Cm U I CmFS A£va Mrs. A. Anthonson.
■ Bottle free. Only one bottle free to a family and only to those who ttt .um, '
eend the 25 cents for charges. m myknee andhip fofmore Perfectly Cured After
than twenty years and scarcely a month v e* rr •
passing without trying some remedy or ITteen ■ CSTS 7 SUlTerinfi?.
MMMMMMI Ilin 111 Illi ‘KW WWJA preventive, I finally B ■■ ■ waa wwiivilllg.
tra /#''* j ~n ■ ■ ■■■■ ■ ■ had Kuhn’s Rheum- Lamar, S. C.—After having Rheumatism for fifteen I
CUT OUT US I ill S COU DO ST U/ atic Remedy brought years, trying several Physicians, paying out lots of money I
*» ** ■ ■■■** my not j Co by a and deriving no benefit whatever, I saw Kuhn’s Rheumatic I
tTukn OomoHw f’o FIADt- P V 9100 njnrfh Ave r *!SS? SXStdt friend who had used Remedy advertised and sent for a free trial bottle. I used I
|gH Huhn Remedy VO., Dept. r. ZWu North Ave., vnicago z s r it. I took it and was the trial bottle and felt so much better
Gentlemen:—l suffer from Rheumatism and want a DOLLAR BOTTLE V, /.TM and am cured. My that I ordered a full treatment. After
of Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy free as advertised. I ENCLOSE 25 CENTS wife also used it and using^three. more bott es, I found myself JI
to pay postage, packing, mailing case, etc. The dollar bottle must be sent 1'.., „JL was cured of Rheu-
£krw4irAiv nFcnaid 2nd nofHins* to nav on Focoint of lator mutism in her arms waited about eight.mon ths b( lore call ingr J*
entirely tree, everyinmg prepaid ana no.ning .© pay _n receipt or later. and shoulders. After my cure perfect, thinking that the Rheu-
five years we are matism might return, but it has not. I V
M both still as entbus- am fifty-two years old, raised on a farm, IMKJBB
Na mA . | iastic in its praise as and am now running a farm in tho JwgßV
IBRIIIV I. on tho secon< i n i g ht country, a saw-mill and cotton ginnery
after beginning its use, when we were When I commenced taking Kuhn’s Rheu-”(l|'j®\
M —, a , . permitted for the first time in years, to matic Remedy I also suffered some with 1
enjoy an entire night’s rest free from the Indigestion. I have not taken a dose of
Ivhwll i ■ i.. ‘-VSSakw nerve-rackling pains of Rheumatism. I Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy for eight \-fJi
heartily recommend Kuhn’s Rheumatic months and have not felt the least effects of Rheumatism, I
H Street or Remedy as a permanent cure for Rheum- nor have I had an attack of Indigestion. Today I feel I
D c n atism and Lumbago to all sufferers. It perfectly well and weigh 224 pounds. When I began using I
• • LJ. KOUie , ~ . deserves every good word that may be said it I could hardly getup the steps or into bed without help. I
of it* David Coventry. Now lam all right and can run a foot race. W. D. Joy.
When writing advertisers, please mention The Jeffersonian
Jsl)e 3effersonlan