And may the God of our fathers guide us
in continual discretion to the welfare of our
families, our country, and the right.
Loyally yours,
CHARLES S. BARRETT, Pres.
Brother Webb, for his age, is an old-timer.
He was a member of the Agricultural Wheel,
The Farmers’ Alliance, and is now a promi
nent and trusted member of The Farmers’ Un
ion. He was a delegate to the late National
meeting at Memphis, and took a prominent
THE PATENT MEDICINE FRAUD AND
THE FARMER.
Some time ago one of the biggest patent
medicine manufacturers in the country de
clared in substance: “The city dailies have
exposed the patent medicine business in their
news columns and ruined our city trade, but
we still have the country. We will adver
tise heavily now in the papers that reach the
farmers and keep our hold on them.”
How well the patent medicine manufactur
ers are carrying out this policy is evidenced
by the heavy advertising they are now doing
in many farm papers and also in many church
papers that circulate largely in country dis-
9SJ <||t X .< ; -
I
1 Ililß
SB I
*L . A
■ x 'jß
M|y
< *W
HENRY E. WEBB,
The Plow Boy Orator of the Plains of Texas.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tricts. The Progressive Farmer could get a
highly profitable advance over its regular rates
if .we would also run such advertising, but
when we become unable to run a farm paper
without going into partnership with such
part in its proceedings. He is faithful and
true, and the good people of Baylor county
make no mistake in making him their delegate
to these important meetings. As an orator,
he stands right up at the head of the list. He
has done much work for the cause in the past
and will do even more in the future.
swindlers, we shall quit the business. There
are afseaw —a very few —good and reliable pat
ent medicines, but the ordinary patent medi
cine advertisement as found in farm or church
paper is an insult to the intelligence of its
readers.
It is gratifying to see that at last a num
ber of church organizations—Baptist Associa
tions, Methodist Conferences, Presbyterian
Synods, etc. —are demanding that their church
organs no longer advertise nostrums often
worse than honest whiskey because whiskey
disguised; often worse than ordinary narcot
ics, because containing opium or morphine,
while professing to he harmless; and always
worse than ordinary fakir schemes because
they rob not the strong and healthy but the
sick and poverty-stricken.
The farmers of the country —the last refuge
of the patent medicine gang, one of the most
colossal frauds of the nineteenth century —
should arouse themselves. They should not
allow patent medicine ads in papers that pro
fess to represent themselves nor allow alma
nacs and booklets advertising such nostrums
to hang by their firesides.
We must show the gang that the ignor
ance (?) of the farmers is not the asset they
blindly suppose it to be. —Progressive Farmer.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Populists of the Ist Congressional
District of Alabama: I want to meet as many
of you as possible at our State Convention to
be held in the city of Birmingham on the 4th
day of March, 1908, for the purpose of making
arrangements to thoroughly organize our dis
trict for the coming campaign and to make
any other arrangements, as may seem best.
Yours very respectfully,
G. B. WILSON,
Chairman of Ist Dist.
Simply 7 to do what we ought is an altogether
higher, diviner, more potent, more creative,
thing than to write the grandest poem, paint
the most beautiful picture, carve the mightiest
statute, build the most wonderful temple,
dream out the most enchanting combination of
melody and harmony.—George Macdonald.
Buttons, Buttons, Buttons!
ig
■■m
■MF .-
■'■■
MaMwwrelffigvffi . >’■*
•* ■ ••*j|WMWP '
Ftffi 'r;.Jsaak ?-£&. *4
HON. NEWT GRESHAM.
The National Farmers’ Union decided that
the button, with a picture of Newt Gresham
engraved thereon, should be sold by Miss Lutie
Gresham (his daughter) of Point, Texas.
The National union decided that these but
ton® should be sold for twenty-five cents each.
Every member of the Farmers’ Union should
wear one of these buttons. Send your orders
direct to Mies Lutie Gresham. Point, Texas.
PAGE SEVEN