TO INDIANA POPULISTS
A Call to Action
From now until the election I earnestly re
quest every People’s party man in Indiana to
put his shoulder to the wheel, and do every
thing in his power that is fair and honorable
to advance the cause of populism in this
state. My advice to each and every one of
you is, that if there are but two or three of
you in a county, raise the People’s party ban
ner, put out a ticket as far as you are able,
and keep the fires of populism burning. If
you are a populist, there is nothing to be
gained in voting an old party ticket. There
is nothing in our national and state platform
that any one need be ashamed of. We may
be on the unpopular side in this fight; but
time and past experience have proven that we
ate on the right side. Our diagnosis and
prognosis im regard to this very sick patient,
has always differed from the other two doc
tors, and the remedies that have been from
tiine to time prescribed failed as we all well
know to our sorrow, and as the old Pop
Doctor predicted. These things being true,
every populist who has stood true to his con
victions, ought to feel proud of the stand he
has taken, and maintained. The remedies that
have again been suggested by the Wall street
nurses, and to be given again by the two old
doctors, have been analyzed by competent
chemists, and found to contain similar old
stale drugs in two separate bottles, differently
labeled; the tablets in one, coated with choc
olate, the other with pink sugar. If we get
the case we are going to have real doctors—
graduates from an up-to-date school to take
personal supervision of the case. They will
prescribe remedies that were proven to be
p-ood in the da vs of Jefferson, Jackson and
Lincoln.
The members of the State Central Commit
tee are: Dr. J. W. Clark, Chairman, Wash
ington, Indiana; C. M. Walters, Secretary,
Rossville, Ind.; Fred J. S. Robinson, Clover
land, Ind.. Ben F. Wheeler, Vincennes, Ind.;
William J. Ruminer, Mt. Vernon, Ind., Dr.
F. VanVorhis, Indianapolis, Ind., Fred Yerkes,
Veedersburg, Ind.
We may not be able to elect our ticket, nor
any portion of it; but it is our duty to de
nounce and show up the wicked and unjust
policies of the two old parties; and it is also
the duty of every true populist to help.
I make this appeal to every People’s party
man in Indiana in the same spirit and earnest
ness as if I had you face to face. We need
your help and counsel, and we need it now.
If you are not taking a People’s party paper,
that is one of the first things we want you to
do; take at least one and as many more as
possible, and do a little missionary work in
the "way of getting others to. Take the paper
for a year, if it is possible, and if you cannot,
take it until election.
Let each and every one of us do our duty
and not worry about results. The good book
says, “And be ye pot weary in well doing,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
for in due time ye shall reap if you faint not.”
When you get to taking our papers you will
learn that populism is not dead—you will get
interested in the cause and go to work; you
will not only work but you will contribute of
your means to the support of the cause and
its advancement. It is hardly necessary for
me to tell you that this committee must have
some money if there is any work of importance
done, as you all well know. And I believe
that one dollar now will do more good than
two dollars two months from now.
■We thought, had we enough money to ena
ble us to get out a little booklet containing
our national and state platforms, and show
to the people the justice of our demands, and
the injustice of the present policies, that it
might be very instructive and helpful. All
contributions can be sent direct to rayself, and
1 shall endeavor to keep a strict account of
the same —by whom contributed, and what it
went for. I would like for every county chair
man in the state to send me his name and post
office address. In order to get on the ballot
let us get up our petitions and file them in
time. Let us keep our hands off of the two
old parties; we cannot afford to do otherwise.
Let our campaign be clean; we cannot pose
as reformers and get down in the dirt. Breth
ren, in conclusion, I want to ask you this
question: Shall the noble principles for which
we have so long contended live, or shall they
die? The answer to this question, I believe,
will depend in a great measure upon your ac
tions this campaign in this state. We still
have faith that you will rally to the support
of the cause. Let us make the supreme effort
of our lives. We believe that we have no
truer nor more competent men to lead the
fight than Thomas E. Watson and Samuel W.
Williams. Voter, help us secure a government
of, jy and for the people.
DR. J. W. CLARK,
Chairman People’s Party Indiana State Cen
tral Committee, Washington, Ind.
MEETING OF THE POPULIST NATIONAL
COMMITTEE.
The members of the People’s Party National
Committee are requested to be present at a
meeting of the full National Committee at St.
Louis Saturday, August 15, 1908, at 10 a. m.
National headquarters will be opened at the
St. James Hotel on that date for the purpose
of carrying on an active and aggressive cam
paign in the interest of our candidates, Wat
son and Williams, and the cause of Populism.
It is important that every member of the
committee should be present to take up the
details of the national campaign and the
work to be carried on in the different states.
JAMES H. FERRISS,
Chairman.
Joliet, Illinois, July 30, 1908,
There is a great and growing demand for
telegraph operators, especially of the compe
tent sort, and we are glad to see that the
Southern School of Telegraphy, located at
Newnan, Ga., is doing creditable work in turn
ing out pupils and helping to supply the de
mand. The school issues descriptive litera
ture, which will be sent to any young man
who is thinking of entering the telegraphic
field. Their advertisement, which will be
found in another column, gives some interest
ing particulars about the school and its work.
ALABAMA POPULISTS.
All Alabamians who believe in the principles
of Jeffersonian Democracy, and desire to sup
port Hon. Thos. E. Watson, the greatest advo
cate of those principles, for President of the
United States, are requested to send their
names and address to the undersigned at
Opelika, Ala.
We want Alabama to give Mr. Watson a good
vote in the November election, and we can not
hope to do the greatest amount of good unless
we organize. Act quickly, for our time is get
ting short. J. ROY McGINTY.
Opelika, Ala., July 20, 1908.
POPULISTS! HELP!
Many of our friends do not wish to accept
commissions when they take subscriptions for
the two Jeffersonians. You can either give
the commission to the subscriber or we will
send you some of Mr. Watson’s best books and
our best thanks. But we need your help. Send
us as many subscriptions as you can. Send
us names of parties who will solicit subscrip
tions for us. Send us names of all those
who are interested in the cause. We need
agents and correspondents and friends and
sympathizers all over the United States.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming;, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
In small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circurftion is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
18*0 California St., Denver, Colo.
Get your eye on the Athens Busi
;Dess College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
[Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
B»Mb: n the State. Positions secured. Fill
l|lf||BiUin and mail for 168 page catalog.
wMS Name
Address v ,
PAGE SEVEN