Dr. Nieto told how he went with Detective
Buras the following morning to see Rues and
impressed upon him the necessity of not de
laying his part of the contract. On his return
from Europe, after a lapse of three months,
Dr. Nieto was informed he says that the ver
bal agreement had been put in writing and
tad been placed in escrow.
Dr. Nieto said that Mr. Heney and Detect
ive Burns assured him that the word of the
prosecution given him in regard to the matter
of substituting the plea of not guilty for that
of guilty would be kept. Dr. Nieto says, and
the written agreement was in accordance with
the terms of that contract. He says further
no suggestion was made during this period that
Rues was not fulfilling his agreement to tell
the whole truth.
Dr. Nieto concludes his statement by say
ing that Rues never sent for him, nor did he
have any communication with Rues concern
ing his case until the time when he acci
dentally met Burns in the courtroom and was
asked by him to speak to Rues. What he has
done he says, was in the interest of public
justice, as a minister and as a man. —Bir-
mingham News.
Lemons Handed to Tobacco Trust.
Louisville, Ky., Jan. 28. —Although a num
ber of witnesses had been summoned only
three were examined by J. C. Mcßeynolds, of
the department of justice, at today’s hearing
of the government’s investigation of the Amer
ican Tobacco Company. The hearing was re
cently adjourned to Louisville from New York,
and it had been expected that it would be
i ather an extensive one, in view of the import
ance of the Louisville and Cincinnati markets,
but after a short session, Mr. Mcßeynolds ad
journed the hearing to Nashville, and set the
time for January 30.
The object of the investigation is to deter
mine whether or not the American Tobacco
Company is an unlawful combination in re
straint of trade.
The principal witness today was Castleber
ry Dunkerson, a member of a firm which treats
tobacco by a special process for exportation.
The testimony of Anthony McAndrews, vice
president of the International Union of To
bacco Workers, was confined chiefly to the use
of the “union label” by different manufact
urers of tobacco as a distinguishing mark of
firms not connected with the 11 trust.” He
said that unless all hands employed by
a manufacturer are members of the union
and keep their dues paid, the use of the label
is not permitted, and that as long as all em
ployes are members of the union and their dues
are kept paid, no question as to sanitary con
ditions is made by the union. He said that
the use of the 11 union label” is not permitted
to any factory in which the American Tobac
co Company is known (officially) to be a
stockholder.
1 ‘lf Mr. Fischer, president of your organiza
tion, offered to the American Tobacco Com
pany the right to use the label on goods made
by firms in which the American Tobacco Com
pany was interested, provided that this not
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
become publicly known, had you any knowl
edge of that?” asked Attorney Junius Park
er for the American Tobacco Company.
“If any such offer was made it was unau-
Nervous
Break-Down
Nerve energy is the
force that controls the or
gans of respiration, cir
culation, digestion and
elimination. When you
feel weak, fiervous, irri
table, sick, it is often be
cause you lack nerve
energy, and the process
of rebuilding and sustain
ing life is interfered with.
Dr. Miles’ Nervine has
cured thousands of such
cases, and will we believe
benefit if not entirely
cure you. Try it.
“My nervous system gave away
completely, and left me on the verge
of the grave. I tried skilled physi
cians but got no permanent relief.
I got so bad I had to give up my
business. I began taking Dr. Miles’
Restorative Nervine. In a few days
I was much better, and I continued
to improve until entirely cured. I
am in business again, and never miss
an opportunity to recommend this
remedy.’’ MRS. W. L. BURKE,
Myrtle Creek, .Oregon.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) If It falls
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
EARLY SPRING OATS
ALEXANDER’S SELECTED
GENUINE TENNESSEE GROWN BURT OR 90 DAY ARE THE BEST. PRICES:
1 bu. sl, 5 to 10 at 89c; 25 ,to 50 at 84c; 100, 80c. They are grown especially for seed
from selected seed stock.
ALEXANDER’S SEEDS ARE THE BEST THAT GROW. SELECTED FOR THE
SOUTH. OUR STOCKS ARE ALL FRESH AND TESTED FOR PURITY AND GERM
INATION.
New Catalog is now ready. Your name on a postal will bring it, and It will pay
you to order from It.
THE ALEXANDER SEED COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA Established 1873
thorized,” said Mr. McAndrews.
Henry Fischer, president of the Internation
al Union of Tobacco Workers’ told of differ
ent “trust” firms, which after the present in
vestigation was begun by the government,
begged for the use of the “label.” —Birming-
ham Age-Herald.
10c A YEAR!
THE DIXIE HOME.
MAGAZINE, largest, brightest and finest IL
LUSTRATED MAGAZINE In the world for
10c a year, to introduce it ONLY. It is bright
and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern
Home Life. It Is full of fine engravings of
grand scenery, buildings and famous people.
Send at once. 10c a year post paid anywhere
in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
6 years 50c, or clubs of six names 50c, 12 for
sl. Send us a club. Money back if not de
lighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send
today. THE DIXIE HOME, No. J 1, Birm
ingham, Alabama.
Magazine Premium
Send us 2 new subscribers, at full price, for
The Jeffersonian Magazine and get as a Pre
mium a year’s subscription to
HOLLAND’S MAGAZINE
a high-class, illustrated monthly. Three new
subscribers to Weekly Jeffersonian will earn
the same premium.
CFfOFT Husbands tell
JLiVRIj 1. wives to send
■ self - addressed,
stamped envelope for secret.
ANNA FOY, Wichita, Kan.
PAGE FIVE