denounce the Jeffersonians do not read some
of the books and some of the Governmental
Reports which show the fearful conditions
that exist in the United States! Nobody ob
jects to the proclaiming of the Gospel to all
nations: what is objected to is the taking
upon ourselves of the gigantic burden of giv
ing such things as secular education to all
heathendom, —when the governments of those
countries have educational systems of their
own, and when so many millions of our own
boys and girls are in need of what we are
giving to India, China and Japan.
The rich Northern philanthropists are mak
ing a specialty of educating the negroes for
industrial, political and social equality. The
fanatics of foreign missions are equally in
tense in their determination to fit the yellow,
brown and black races of the Orient for in
dustrial and social equality. Isn’t it time, in
Jesus’ name!—that we began to make a spe
cialty of the up-lift of our own flesh and
blood, —the white children of this country?
El El ®
Water-Power Monopoly
Are we never going to learn anything? Will
we never take warning from the mistakes we
have made?
The Telegraph and Telephone companies
went to our Legislatures and asked for per
mission to occupy our public roads. They got
what they wanted, and are now using rights
\ of way, worth millions of dollars, which did
not cost the Corporations a cent.
\To railroad companies every State in the
freely granted privileges and immuni
ties of incalculable value, upon the assumption
that the railways would be operated under do
mestic control in the interest of the State.
They are now owned and controlled in Wall
Street New York, and we are groaning under
the extortions of absentee Corporation lords.
Haven’t we witnessed the same thing in
every city? Franchises of enormous value
that ought never to have been the subject of
perpetual grants, have been gratuitously
handed over to hungry capitalists. Even the
rights to the streets of New York —surface,
overhead and underground,—were given away
by foolish or corrupt aidermen, and that one
city has lost billions of dollars by it.
The Federal Government, the States and
the Western cities furnished the funds that
built the Union Pacific Railroad; and the
public, after paying for the property, had
the incredible folly to surrender it to private
capitalists. Harriman’s man, Schiff, got the
road for less than $75,000,000, and Harriman
has watered it up to nearly a billion dollars—
upon which capitalization the American peo
ple will have to pay dividends until such time
as it suits Harriman or his successors to water
it up to two billions.
With such things as these to warn us against
franchise-grabbers, how is it that we stumble
into constant repetitions of the mistakes?
Here are these water-power snatchers!
They have already got their clutches on one
third of all the total developed water powers
of the United States. Thirteen corporations
or companies own this property in perpetuity.
They are reaching out after the other two
thirds. This raid against our posterity be
gan only six years ago. If the monopolists
have been able to seize one-third of the water
power of the country in six years, how long
will it take them to get it all?
They have been working on Congress, and
they are working on State legislatures. Con
gress actually passed one of their water-grab
bills, and President Roosevelt’s veto was all
that saved us.
No legislature should ever, under any cir
cumstances, give any private corporation the
power to secure perpetual grants of our water
powers. We need this property for so many
purposes, and its future value is so . inesti-
that we ought never to part with the
3effersottian
fee. The time is coming when every naviga
ble stream will be a priceless heritage, the
natural protector of the people from railway
monopoly. Every small stream will also have
its uses, whose money-value it is impossible
for us to calculate at present. Power will be
generated wherever there is a current, and
thousands of farmers will utilize them for the
turning of wheels, the running of small ma
chines to do the work now done by hand. Be
sides, the time will come when none of the
water will be wasted: it will be stored to
await the need of it in drv seasons when it will
V
give to parched crops the moisture which the
heavens deny.
Legislators! Watch, these water-power
monopolists. Scan every bill they present,
and don’t pass a single one of them that is
doubtful. Protect our people and our pos
terity against the aggressive advance of the
most dangerous monopoly that has yet reared,
its head.
These grabbers are seeking to get the au
thority to condemn not only the dam sites, but
the water itself; and not only at the dam
site, but as far up stream as the monopolists
would like to go. Such laws as these men ask
for, WOULD MAKE TIL EM THE DIVER
KINGS OF AMERICA.
And such kings would be pirates, of course,
afflicting our posterity with a grinding ami
ruinous exploitation.
El El Si
Politics in Georgia
Yes, it has broken loose again, in the same
old place, in the same old way; and the news
papers are full of it, as usual. We have about
reached the stage of “You're a liar!”—
“You’re another;” and it is well known that
when we Georgians get to that point, there’s
no use in arguing with us. We just get “sot,”’
and each man holds his base until the game is
over.
If some one whose character for truth and
veracity is at a premium should write a book,
revealing the inner workings of politics in
Georgia for the last four years, it would
sell faster than a French novel illustrated
with indecent pictures.
But such a volume will not be written be
cause, first of all, we haven’t got anybody in
Georgia whose reputation for truth and ve
racity is above par. About half the people of
the State wouldn’t believe a Joe-Brown man
on oath; and the other half would utterly
reject the testimony of a Hoke-Smithite, —
and so, there you are. When you stop to con
sider that Smith is already in the race for the
U. S. Senate, and that Little Joseph means
to stay put, and that Bacon has no idea of
quitting, you can understand how cautious
we Georgians have to be about believing what
we say to one another. Unless we just natu
raly want to believe what the other fellow
says, we don’t, —not even when he swears to it.
That’s away we have, after it breaks loose in
Georgia.
In 1904 a certain Ishmaelite Populist made
a speech in Atlanta, as he had done a few
times before. It has happened that the Ish
maelite has attempted to orate in the Gate
City, and has not been permitted to do it.
Then, again, the very folks that howled him
down would offer him big money to come back
and talk to them. But in 1904 there was no
howling-down and no fees charged,—just a
free-for-all whoorang.
The Populist Ishmaelite threw out the chal
lenge to the Democrats, —
“If you are really and truly afraid of Negro
Domination, come to us Pee-wees for help,
and we’ll aid you with a Disfranchisement
law.”
That was the beginning of the hot times in
Georgia,—the lake Itasca from which flows
the Mississippi of our bickerings and heart
burnings.
You see, it was this way: for many years
we had had in Georgia a nicely constructed
political machine which put its opponents out
of business so cleverly that they hardly knew
how the sand-bag did it. The fellows who
belonged to the machine got office; the other
fellows did not. The machine kept things in
such apple-pie order that it was known years
ahead, who was to be Governor, Senator,
&c., &c.
And it came to pass that men said privily
to one another, and quite as a matter of course,
“Clark Howell is to be the next Governor.”
In fact, the thing was so well understood that
Clark himself admitted, with engaging can
dor, that he was to be our next one.
Among the outlanders who have flocked to
Atlanta, is a North Carolinian of the name
of Tapp,—Sidney C. This gentleman had
been Campaign Manager for a candidate for
Governor, and in that way had become well,
known to those who were not acquainted with
him. Brother Tapp was keen to try his hand
again at making a Governor, and he had
picked Pope Brown as a possible winner. So
what does Tapp do but hop on the train, one
Saturday afternoon, and come down the Geor
gia Railroad to Tompkins, Thomas-Tomson-
Thomasville-Thomaston - Thompson - Thom
son?
Untangling himself from the name, as
quickly as he could, Brother Tapp found his
way to where the Jeffersonian is domiciled,
—to j uggle over Georgia politics. When he re
turned to Atlanta, he took with him the plat
form upon which the Jeffersonian was will
ing to do his best to line-up the Pops for Pope
Brown. Subsequent to Tapp’s visit came that
of Hardwick, about which enough has already
been said.
If you would like to know how Pope Brown
was jockeyed out of the race for Governor and
Hoke Smith brought in, you must ask Pope.
Brother Tapp was so disgusted at the way
the trick was turned that he flew the coop, and
went over to Dick Russell, as you may remem
ber.
In spite of the fact that Smith had been so
bitterly abusive of the Populists and had done
his best to bar us out of the White Primary—
sending us, as Jones of Arkansas said, “to the
niggers where they belong,’ I —the Jefferson
ian stuck to his bargain, throughout one of
the fiercest fights ever known in Georgia.
We Pops, allied to the anti-Ring Democrats,
were too much for the Machine. We smashed
it all to flinders. The first reward we got
from Smith was that editorial in his paper,
The Journal, in which he scouted the idea that
we had been instrumental in winning his vic
tory. In substance, the editorial said, “I could
have won just as easily without the Popu
lists.”
To slap his battle-scarred allies in the face,
publicly, almost before the shouts of the hard
won victory had died away was surely a wise
and generous thing to do!
What led the Populists to support Smith so
zealously ?
(1) The Disfranchisement law:
(2) The promise to deal promptly and en
ergetically with railroad abuses:
(3) The pledge to abolish the early pri
mary and to enact a fair and permanent rule
on that subject:
(4) The abolition of the Free Pass nui
sance :
(5) The adoption of a drastic act which
would bell the buzzards of the lobby.
The question of State-wide prohibition did
not enter into the campaign at all, and not a
hint was given that there was contem
plated an increase in the numbers and ex
pense of the Railroad Commission, nor that an
effort would be made to deprive country coun
ties of their pro rata share of power by giv
ing each big city a separate Senator.
A definite pledge, which the Smith men
were required to make to the Populists, is em
bodied in the Macon Platform in these words:
“We declare it to be a permanent principle
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE