PAGE EIGHT
d)e Jeffersonian
Published by
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga>, January 11, 1907, as second class mall matter
r 2
ATLANTA, GA., OCTOBER 22, 1908.
The Pitiable Condition of the Demo
cratic Party.
Under the leadership of Mr. Bryan, the Dem
ocratic party has abandoned every shred of
Jeffersonian Democracy. Mr. Bryan himself
has deserted every radical principle for which
he once stood. The platform upon which he is
making this last desperate race is so evidently
a drag-net affair, intended to catch voters of
many different shades of opinion that it leaves
the historic party of Jefferson and Jackson
stranded.
If Mr. Bryan doesn’t win in this third race of
his, he is a goner.
So great is the enthusiasm of his immediate
following, heated up as it is by thirty or forty
speeches every day, that they have not yet
realized that the Bryan of to-day is no longer
the Bryan who won their love and confidence.
After the campaign is over, the sober second
thought will do its work, and then Mr. Bryan
will stand revealed to his admirers, as well as
to all others, as a leader who has no claim to
a following based upon principle.
Having abandoned those convictions for
which he has battled so long, he will be seen in
his true light as a crafty politician, selfishly
ambitious, unscrupulous in his methods, will
ing to do anything and everything to accom
plish his personal purpose. •
When the Bryanites have cooled their enthu-'
siasm after the election is over and compre
hend the change of attitude on the part of Mr.
Bryan—a change which involves the complete
abandonment of a life creed—they will have a
pained sense of humiliation at having been led
so far astray.
If the Bryanism of 1896 and of 1900 was
right, the Bryanism of to-day is wrong.
It can not be that the National Banking Sys
tem was wrong in 1896 and in 1900 unless it is
also true that the same system is wrong in
1908. If a Constitutional System of Money —
gold, silver and treasury notes —was the true
system for which we should work, year in and
year out, until it is restored, it is not less right
at this time than it was during the eight years
during which Mr. Bryan vowed so often that
he would never surrender to the gold standard.
If the Governmental Ownership of Railroads
is a correct principle —as Mr. Bryan declared
that it was —he did a most unmanly thing to
abandon it. If the Initiative and Referendum
offer the true method by which the people can
once more become the rulers of their republic,
then Mr. Bryan, who declared for this princi
ple, lowered his standard when he gave it up
to please the Wall Street element of his party.
After the election has rolled by, and people
have had time to calmly size up the situation,
it will be seen that neither Taft nor Bryan are
Jeffersonians. The rule which condemns the
platform of Mr. Taft as Hamiltonian, con
demns that of Mr. Bryan also. We can not
believe that the country will submit to the
domination of two great parties, when both
committed to the same hateful Hamiltonian
theory of government. Inevitably another party
will spring into the lists, inspired by the faith
Jeffersonian
of Jefferson and drawing about themselves the
great masses of the people who are at heart
in favor of the Jeffersonian creed of equal and
exact justice to all men and special privileges
to none. Until that principle is once more the
guide by which our laws are made and govern
mental policies shaped, there will be no end
of the warfare which the Jeffersonians are de
termined to wage.
In another particular, has Mr. Bryan blun
dered in this third campaign. His attitude to
ward the South and toward the negroes, makes
it absolutely impossible for Bryan to ever be
the nominee of Southern Democracy again.
The South simply can not afford to endorse for
the Presidency and put into power a man who
holds and practices the social equalitv views
of Mr. Bryan. The facts came out too late to
influence this campaign as much as they should
have done, but they have come out, neverthe
less, and after the election is over they will
spread like wild-fire in every Southern State.
Mr. Bryan’s record on this negro question is
going to be the impassable barrier between
himself and another Presidential nomination.
•S * «
The Outrage Perpetrated Upon Mr.
Hearst.
The readers of The Jeffersonian are well ac
quainted with our views in reference to die In
dependence League of Mr. Hearst’s. We still
think, as we have thought all along, that his
attempt to build up a great political party
with a Copyrighted League, and with a Board
of Management consisting of his personal
employees, is a self-evident absurdity. Never
theless, when an outrage upon individual liberty
is committed against Mr. Hearst, we feel the
same hot resentment against those who per
petrate it that we would feel if a similar out
rage were perpetrated upon any other citizen.
Never in the history of the English speaking
people have officers of the law had the right to
break down the doors of a private dwelling and
force an entrance for the purpose of perfecting
service in a civil suit. With a search warrant,
such a thing could be done under special cir
cumstances, duly sworn to. In the service of
criminal warrants, of course, doors may be
broken, and the Englishman’s right to keep
out of his house anybody that he doesn’t want
there, overrun. But, in the service of a civil
process, there has never been anywhere in this
country the exercise of any such high handed
methods as that which impelled the Bryanite
officers of Nebraska to smash in the door of
Mr. Hearst’s bed-room a few nights ago.
The blatant and exposed fraud, Governor
Charles N. Haskell, of Oklahoma, delayed en
tering suit for damages against Mr. Hearst
until it is too late for the case to be heard pre
vious to the election. Purely for effect, and to
counteract as far as possible the damage done
to Mr. Bryan by Mr. Hearst’s exposure of the
connection which Mr. Bryan has established
with the Standard Oil Company, through Has
kell, this person has entered suit in a Nebraska
Court against Mr. Hearst for $600,000 damages.
Os course, it is nothing but an ordinary civil
suit. Service could onlv be legally perfected
bv delivering a copy to Mr. Hearst in person,
or by leaving a copy at his most notorious
place of abode. If Mr. Hearst had shut himself
up in his dwelling in New York City, where is
the man who would contend that the Sheriff
had the right to break down the door in order
to serve the summons upon the defendant?
Was that the wav the officers of the law treated
H. H. Rogers and J. D. Rockefeller Ayhen those
hoary scoundrels were keeping in doors and
dodging service two vears ago? We all know
that it wasn’t. We all know that the officers
had to watch and wait until they could catch
the defendants on the street and slip the copies
into their hands, or into a convenient coat
pocket.
One’s room in the hotel is, for the time be
ing and as against the outside world, his resi
dence. Against everybody, excepting the pro-
prietor of the hotel, the occupant of the room
can claim all the rights that he could in his
home. A traveler in the state-room of a Pull
man Palace Car is, for the time being, in his
own house as against everybody excepting the
officers of the train. Notwithstanding this self
evident fact, when the Bryanite officers, armed
with the civil process in the bluff damage suit
of Governor Haskell, were denied admission by
Mrs. Hearst, who was partly undressed —it be
ing at night —these gallant Bryanites, in the ex
cess of their zeal for the Peerless, burst open
the door of this private room, exposing to
everybodv on the car the half-dressed wife of
Mr. Hearst, and forced upon Mr. Hearst in
this private apartment of the Pullman, a ser
vice of a civil summons.
The Jeffersonian dares to say that no greater
outrage was ever perpetrated in the service of
a merely civil process.
Like the Pettigrew attack which Mr. Bryan
made upon Mr. Watson, this Bryanite outrage
upon Mrs. Hearst and her husband is pretty
good evidence of the desperate measures which
Mr. Bryan is willing to adopt in his third and
last attempt to reach the White House. He
knows that if he doesn’t win this time, he will
never win, and the things that he has done in
this campaign reveal a character that would
have made him a first class Jesuit.
n n h
Some Suggestibe History.
President Harrison was an honest man, and
nobody's tool. He differed from McKinley
as Andrew Jackson differed from Buchanan.
When Harrison’s Secretary of the Treasury,
Foster, fell a willing victim to the blandish
ments of Wall Street, promised the patriots an
other diet of bonds, and had plates engraved
for the printing of the same, President Harri
son bluntly said “No!”
Whereupon, the two Wall Street patriots,
Belmont and Morgan, decided that Harrison
was not a good President. His reelection was
not desirable. Belmont is a Democrat while
Morgan is a Republican, but “what’s the Con
stitution between friends” ? Does not every
man of sense know that Wall Street Demo
crats, corporation Democrats, National Bank
Democrats, Manufacturing Democrats, want
the same kind of governmental favors that the
Republicans of that sort want?
We hope so. The fact is apparent enough.
Anyhow, Belmont the Democrat and Mor
gan the Republican laid their heads together
and agreed that the good of the country de
manded the re-election of Grover Cleveland,
who was at that time, 1891, the lawyer of said
Morgan.
You know the rest. Harrison was beat out
of his boots, and we had four more years of
Grover. Remember them, don’t you?
The panic of 1893, the midnight issue of
bonds to Belmont and Morgan,—the contract
drawn up by Morgan’s lawyer and Cleveland’s
partner, the Wilson-Gorman tariff law, which
General Joe Wheeler denounced because under
it all those things the South had for sale would
be sold in a market where competition lowered
the price, while all those things we had to buy
would be sold in a market where competition
would cut no figure and when the price would
therefore be higher: —you remember them,
don’t you?
Now look around you and see how history is
repeating itself.
Roosevelt, like Harrison, has enraged Wall
Street, —though he granted them illegal and
monstrous favors during the Panic of 1907.
He has prosecuted many of the Trusts, and
“the malefactors of great wealth” want to re
buke him. He has been gunning for the Stand
ard Oil, and the Octopus is against his man,
Taft. He is trying to break up the Tobacco
Trust, —hence the presence of Moses. Wetmore,
of the Tobacco Trust, upon the Bryan finance
committee. He has theartened Harriman;
hence that railroad Colossus tells the business
world that it has nothing to fear from Bryan,-’