PAGE SIXTEEN
Mrs. Cora B. Miller
Gives a Fortune
1
She Will Spend $50,000 In Giving Medical Treatment
Absolutely Free to Suffering Women.
Will Be Sent To Every Woman Who Is Ailing.
A Million Women
Bless Her Name
Grateful Letters From All Over the
World Tell of Wonderful Cures*?
With Mrs. Miller’s Mild
Home Treatment.
Over a million women have already ac
cepted Mrs. Miller’s generous offer to give
free to every sufferer a regular treatment
of her mild home remedy. From every civ
ilized countrv come thousands upon thou
sands of kind, grateful letters from ladies
whose hearts overflow with gratitude be
cause this pleasant vegetable remedy has
restored them to old-time health and
strength.
\ a Mr
OL
WIIPM
Mrs. Francis M. Harris, of Dover, La.,
writes: “1 feel like a new woman and can
do my work without having that old, tired
feeling. I am happy to know that I am
well again.”
“It has relieved me of my constant suf
fering and I have not words to express my
gladness. It was surely a Godsend to me,
and I thank Him that there is such a
wonderful medicine on earth for suffering
women.”—Mrs. Carrie Bailey, Pickneyville,
Ala. x . ..
Mrs. Miller’s remedy is the surest in the
world. She asks no one to take her word,
but only wants to prove it to any sufferer.
Mail the coupon if you are a sufferer from
any female complaint to Mrs. Cora B. Mil
ler. Kokomo, Ind. Prove for yourself at
Mrs. Miller’s expense that this marvelous
remedy should cure you. Do not delay;
send'the coupon now.
There Is Some One Near Yon
Cured By Mrs. Miller.
There is hardly a country, city, town or
village in which there does not reside some
grateful lady who has been relieved after
years of suffering and permanently cured
by Mrs. Miller’s mild home treatment, even
after doctors and physicians failed. No
matter where you live, she can refer you to
ladies in your own locality who can and
will tell any sufferer that this marvelous
rpiTiprlv veil 11 v cures women.
Only bear this in mind. Her offer will
not last long, for thousands
of women who are suffering will take ad
vnutflire of this generous means of getting
Soifyou are ailing, do not suffer
another day, but send the free coupon to
Mrs. Miller without another day s delay.
Send No Money. Just Your Name ancT Ad"
dress, if You Are a Sufferer From Any -
. Woman’s Disease or Piles.
In the past few years Mrs. Miller has give away $50,000.00 more to those w r ho are
given $125,000.00 in sending medicine to as- i suffering and unable to find relief,
flicted women. I Mrs. Miller’s wonderful remedy is espe-
Several years ago Mrs. Miller learned of ! cially prepared for the speedy and perma
a mild and simple preparation that cured : nent cure of leucorrhea or whitish dis
herself and several friends of female weak- [.charges, ulceration, displacements or fall-
■Bill
BBil'
1h mi Un
" 1 '" Lj , g|g
Mrs. Miller’s Home. From Here She Directs the Dis
tribution of Her Medicine to Those Who Suffer.
ness and pile%. She was besieged by so
many women needing treatment that she
decided to furnish it to those who might
call for it. She started with only a few
dollars capital, and the remedy, possessing
true and wonderful merit, producing many
cures when doctors and other remedies
failed, the demand grew so rapidly she
was several times compelled to seek larger
quarters. She now occupies one of the
city’s largest office buildings, which she
owns, and almost one hundred lady clerks
and stenographers are required to assist
in this great business.
Some time ago it was announced that she
would give to women who suffered from
female diseases another $10,000.00 worth of
her medicine. She has fulfilled this prom
ise, but as she is still receiving requests
from thousands upon thousands of women
from all parts of the world, who have not
yet used her remedy, she has decided to
How To Cure Any Case of Piles.
I want to tell you flatly and plainly that
any woman, or man either for that mat
ter, who suffers from any form of piles,
may place their faith absolutely in iny
treatment. They won’t be disappointed.
It’s intended for piles as well as the dis
eases peculiar to women, ir heals diseased
membrane surfaces, no matter where lo
cated, and I verily believe that this rein-
Tsi)t. Jeffersonian
ing of the womb, profuse, scanty or pain
ful periods, uterine or ovarian tumors or
growths; also pains in the head, back and
bowels, bearing down feelings, nervous
ness, creeping feeling up the spine, melan
choly, desire to cry, hot flashes, weariness
and piles from any cause or no matter of
how long standing.
Every woman sufferer, unable to find re
lief, who will write Mrs. Miller now, with
out delay, will receive by mail free of
charge, a 50-cent box of her simple home
remedy, also her book with explanatory il-'"’
lustrations showing why women suffer and
how they can easily cure themselves at
home without the aid of a physician.
All that is necessary is to cut out the
coupon at the bottom of this page, fill in
your name and address and send it to Mrs.
Miller, Kokomo. Ind. The medicine and
book will be sent to you at once. Send
now before the $50,000.00 worth is all gone.
e w y ,? a J cured more bad cases of piles of
all kinds than all the so-called <4 pile cures”
and doctors in the country. A cure with
my remedy is speedy, it’s safe and it’s last
ing. -the Intense torture, the burning,
smarting and Itching stop at once and you
feel better right from the start. Send for
my free treatment at once and see for
yourself.
Why Men Desert Their Wives
Eighty Per Cent of the Wife Desertions
and Divorce Due to Female
Weakness.
I should have taken better care of my
self, I suppose. I was sick and suffering.
No one but a woman can ever show how I
suffered. I was irritable. I couldn’t be
to my husband the wife that I ought to
have been. He, being a man, couldn’t un
derstand. We drifted apart. He sought
his pleasures elsewhere. Finally there was
nothing but the divorce court that could
I settle our differences.
That’s the sad story that eight out of
every ten women who have passed through
the ordeal of the divorce court, as well as
the countless thousands of deserted wives
who are not divorced, knows deep down in
her heart was the real cause of her trouble.
A sick wife, a neglected home, and the
publicity and disgrace of the court room to
end it all. There wouldn’t be half as much
talk of the divorce evil iu the world if
only every wife and mother would realize
her duty to preserve her health - and
strength.
No woman has the right to expect' her
| husband to devote his leisure hours to his
home and her when she is leading a
dragged out, hopeless, down-in-the-mouth
existence that would discourage the great
est optimist on earth.
Mrs. Cora B. Miller’s marvelous home
remedy has done more to prevent divorce
than all the messages to congress and con
ventions in the world. The woman who is
bright and cheerful and well has a home
that reflects her own good feeling and dis-
I content finds no place therein.
Mrs. Miller’s aid* and advice is as free to
you as God’s sunshine or the air you
breathe. She wants to prove to you her
common-sense home treatment will cure
you just as surely as it cured her years
ago in her humble cottage.
If you are a .sufferer from any female
trouble, no matter what it is, send the
coupon below to Mrs. Cora B. Miller at
once.
Put Your Faith In Mrs. Miller
My word that my home treatment should
unfailingly relieve you of female diseases
or piles doesn’t necessarily mean any
thing. But when my word and medicine is
backed up by over a million ladies, that’s
evidence you cannot doubt. There is Hard
ly a country or small village in the land
that does not number some poor sufferer
cured. I didn’t force them to use my medi
cine. They took it of their own free will
and it cured them. You can put your faith
in that sort of a remedy every time. Just
cut out the coupon, send it today and
prove what this marvelous treatment will
do for you.
This Noted Divine Says:
“I am personally acquainted with Mrs.
Cora B. Miller. I most cheerfully and vol
untarily testify that myself and family
have been greatly benefited by the use of
Mrs. Miller’s home remedies and heartily
recommend them to the general public.”
Rev. P. G. Roscamp, D.D., Presbyterian
Minister.
Do not delay. Send the coupon today.
Free Treatmen* Coupon
This Coupon is good for a full sized
reguiar 50 cent package of Mrs. Miller’s
Mild Home Treatment. Just fill in your
name and add on dotted I’ne - below
and mail at once to Mrs. Cora B. Mil
ler, 6898 Miller Bldg., Kokomo, Ind.,
ami you w‘ll receive the remedy In
plain package at once.
* *