PAGE SIXTEEN
THE SANITARIUM PHYSIQUE
OF GREAT MEN.
Dallas, Ga., R. F. D. No. 4,
May 14, 1909.
lion. Th os. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Mr. Watson:
In the last column, but one, of
Thursday’s (13th) Constitution is an
article stating 1 that the authorities at
the Skate Sanitarium are askins 1
“Handsome Hoke” for an investiga
ing committee, saying that R. E.
Dunnigan s statements (in Jefferson
ian, March 25th) were those of an
irresponsible and untruthful man.
tearing that, the immense lamount of
work you have to do, their movements
for a time might escape you, is my
excuse for taking a few moments of
your valuable time.
In my reading, 1 find this sentence,
“While there are numerous excep
tions, it seems to be a fact that the
great poets, essayists, scholars, and
philosophical thinksrs are, as a rule,
small; while great generals, orators,
and politicians—those who are en
grossed in doing rather than thinking
—are, as a rule, above the average
of men.” I get the idea from the
article that the thinkers, educators,
are below the average size, while those
w hom they teach, the doers, are above
the average. Washington, Cortez,
( liarlemagne, Wellington, Webster,
Clay, Tom Corwin, Lincoln, Chase,
Sumner, Gladstone, Bismark, Ferry.
Cleveland, Blaine, Sherman, Cook,
Beecher, Ingersoll, Moody, Conkling,
Talmage, (not tall but broad),
Bonaparte, Douglas, and Sheridan,
are of the large type; while Cicero,
Aristotle, Bacon, Pope, Hamilton, and
Holmes, were rather small. The
I nited States Senate is said to be
made up of large men. I should be
glad to see an article some time in
the future on this subject in the
Jeffersonian.
Mr. Watson, could not the Tax Col
lector’s, Tax Receiver’s and Treasur
er’s offices be combined, in some way,
at a saving to the people? Could we
not have better surveying done by
having only one surveyor to the Con
gressional District, and he one who
knows his business, than to have one
Locust Grove Institute
the special needs of pupils with defleien c i e Splendid advantages foi those d?slr
and for thoSe spaclal°eoachlog
an.
i'.o,"S> ! io« M Ga. C ° ta,Og a “ d claude d <fray," pWeo®
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
lo the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
lo the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above,'we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards ...... 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2%
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2
Regular agent s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Tbamson. Ga.
in each county and none of them able
to do accurate surveying?
Thanks for the knife. It’s a
beauty, and, like “our Tom,” the met
al is of the best.
With kindest regards,
Your friend,
J. Wofford Cole.
(Answer.)
1. I knew Dunnington as a kid and
was on the best terms with his fath
er, Frank Diinnington. R. E. came to
my house while I was absent and dic
tated his statement to my secsetary.
He acted and spoke like ia man who
was in his right mind.
Frequent and honest investigations
of asylums, sanitariums and peniten
tiaries are to be encouraged. If the
institutions are well managed the in
vestigations do not harm. If other
wise, the sooner the facts are known
the better.
2. The size of a man’s body has
mighty little to do with the size of
his brain. The best general the French
had, in the time of the Grand Mon
arch, Louis XIV, was a wretched-like
hunchback who could hardly mount a
horse. One of the best Commanders
Rome ever put in the field was a
eunuch who had no physical stamina
to speak of. Both Wellington and
Napoleon were smiall men. The latter,
in his decadence, grew fat and broad,
but when he was doing his best work
he was not only short 'but thin.
D’lsraeli was intellectually the supe
rior of Gladsone and Bright, but much
the slightest man physically. O’Con
nell was a big Irishman in every re
spect, but his mental peers, Curran
and Gratton, were not.
Read This Book
The Cause of Our Financial Panics,
and How They May be Averted. By
S. Fourtner. Worth its weight in
gold. Price 25 cents. Address
People’s Protective Association
P. O. Box 877, SEATTLE, WASH.
Both men and women can make
money with us. Free admittance.
Particulars 2 ct. stamp. Texas Pros
pectors’ Association, Dallas, Texas.
Glje Jeffersonian
Your First
Opportunity
THE GREATEST OFFER YET
Farmer, Farmers’ Union Man, or Not
THIS IS FOR YOU
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN: A political
and rational paper for the farmer who does his own
thinking and is not led by the nose by any man
living. It is absolutely fearless, and faithful to the
great body of our farmer toilers. One year si.oo
TRI-WEEKLY CONSTITUTION: Monday, Wednes-
day, Friday. Three times a week for one year. ... i.oo
HISTORY AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’
UNION. By President Charles S. Barrett. Just
off the press, postage prepaid 1.50
$3-5°
All For Only S2.SO
The Tri-Weekly Constitution
and Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian are two of the best farm
and home papers published. The Constitution’s news and
special features and departments are all addressed especially
to the business man on the farm, the head of affairs in his
domain. It is almost a daily paper and comes right on, with
the outside world in its arms, for your reading every other
day. No farmer should deny himself the luxury of its tri
weekly greetings.
Watson's Weekly Jeffersonian
stands for the modern spirit of free and independent thought
in politics and social life. Its articles are peculiarly for the
Southern agriculturist, whose daily toil is needlessly hard
and unremunerative because of the iniquitous conditions
under which gigantic fortunes have been built at his expense.
Tom Watson, the old Alliance leader, the friend of the
Farmers’ Union, the man who made Rural Free Delivery
possible in this country, is the editor; and never did the
farmer have a more capable and a more unselfish adviser.
But, best of all, President Barrett’s book is what you
want. Here is but a brief description of it. You need the
book itself to appreciate it properly.
History and Times of the Farmers' Union
By Charles S. Barrett, National President of Farmers' Union
This book is just from the press. It is new and bright
and up to the moment. Mr. Barrett gives a complete running
history of the Farmers’ Union, from the beginnings made by
Newt Gresham, the founder, down to the present. He pre
sents the farmers’ problems, agricultural, industrial and eco
nomic, as he sees them from his vantage point, in his clear,
concise and energized style, just as he speaks. You can almost
see his smile and feel the vibrant thrill of his intense energy
as you read the pages. The book will be read with deep
interest by all, whether members of the great Farmers’ Union,
or not. It commands the attention of the whole public as
the conscientious-utterance of a great leader sprung from the *
body of our toilers, whose problems are urgent and involve the
prosperity of all the nation.
BOTH PAPERS FOR ONE YEAR, AND THE HIS
TORY AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’ UNION,
All For Only $2.50
JEFFERSONIANS, IS