PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events asThey
After one of the most exciting campaigns
in English history, the House of Lords finally
voted that the House was not
England in justified in giving its consent
Turmoil. to the Lloyd-George budget
until the bill had been sub
mitted to the judgment of the country. This
has precipitated a great constitutional ques
tion and a tremendous change is hoped to
take place in British parliamentary affairs.
It is believed that there will be an uprising
of the masses in one of the hardest political
fights that England has known for one hun
dred years. All sides are lined up for a des
perate conflict. T. P. O’Connor, one of the
Irish Nationalist leaders in the House of
Commons, now in New York, is quoted as say-
ing that the Peers had, by their
rejection of the budget, an
nounced their own doom:
“I am greatly pleased, and so is
every one who is an enemy of the House
of Lords,” said Mr. O’Connor. “Every
Liberal, and still more every Irish Na
tionalist, has known for several gen
erations that it was impossible to have
anything like steady Liberal progress
so long as the House of Lords retained
its power to defeat or postpone all
democratic legislation. Ireland has
been the special sufferer from the pres
ent power of that body, for the House
of Lords consisted almost exclusively
of the landlords who have always been
the curse and the enemy of Ireland;
and from the days of O’Connell down
ward every single reform of the scores
we have won has had to be won in the
face of the opposition of the House of
Lords. Its hostility to Ireland has
been maintained steadily to the end;
for now it stands alone in the way of
a home rule measure.
“As to the effect in England, I be
lieve the rejection of the budget will
lead to an uprising of the masses, the
strength of which the Lords have
failed to realize. They will realize it
before many hours. 1 believe we are
on the eve of the fiercest fight we have
seen in British politics for a century;
that the light will go against the
Lords; that they have pronounced
their own doom, and that before two
or three years from now their power
of mischief will be so broken as prac
tically to be non-existent.
“This means the final emancipation
of the English masses from the grip of
feudalism, and of Ireland from govern
ment of an alien Parliament.”
The revolution is now on.
Blank telegrams are still passing between
the State Department and Nicaragua. It is a
singular fact that the busier
The South
American
Situation.
things doing in Central Amer
ica the tighter are shut the portals of the State
Department to inquiring reporters. Nothing
has come to light, as yet, to show that Grace
and Cannon, the two Americans who were
executed by the government of Zelaya, were
in any sense martyrs, despite Philander C.
Knox’s portentous threats against the Presi
dent of Nicaragua for his so-called high
handed measures. Within a few w r eeks, how
ever, there will doubtless be a complete change
of regime entirely satisfactory to Philander.
■'■ ■ ♦
An agreement has been signed by England,
Germany and Belgium definitely settling the
questions affecting foreign-
Africa a
White Man’s
Country.
vdiich have been under dis
cussion for years. This generation will not
pass without seeing the complete partition of
the wires are kept the less
news the State Department
has to give out; the more
ers in British Uganda, Ger
man East Africa and the
Congo Independent States,
I Gone u? and Ive \ /sone up ' r
\HAD To KA«. .7 \ T &OT r 0 Q HAVE A RAIJE 9
Uis m
m J V* -JPX “ 1 L-Wk
./I HAY HaveN 4 — —- "xf 6
-o i C Shifts name ) x—
—OxKaIaRIES C>u7 1 Up! > _ ( \
c —RAISE THE / ~ da (ill PUT ’
I .
' I comhmonhow /As gone j _—-r. / Gone op again
thexvb raised I //'✓
tea Yl/X — 7 rs
X p - J £ ® \X-X,
vCA .Wa IX
'wjgTjg/1 F
How it Works in the United States
—From Seattle Post Intelligent
Hkffersonlan
Africa among the powers, and Africa will be
come a white man’s country. Where are the
Booker Washingtons, the Bishop Turners and
the Professor Kelleys among the native Afri
cans? Why have they developed no civiliza
tion over there in all these thousands of
years, in a rich country with a favorable cli
mate, undisturbed and with unlimited oppor
tunity for self-development?
$ $ $ *
Now toddles Andrew Carnegie into the
limelight, stating in effect that three hundred
years ago his ancestors were lower in the scale
of humanity than were the negroes thirty
years ago; in other words, the black race is
superior to the race from which he sprung.
Considering this statement and considering
the general Carnegie record, we are willing to
concede that most any negro is a better man
than Andrew Carnegie. If he wants to take
that position himself no one should dispute
it; it is perfectly competent for any one to
defile himself, and for the present Carnegie we
have never had anything but complete and
profound contempt; but defaming his ances
try defames the ancestry of all the honorable
and noble men and women of Scotland, who
would turn in their graves if they thought
there had sprung from them such a creature
as the Steel (steal) Magnate has proven him
self to be.
A great strike is on involving thirteen rail
roads between the Lakes and the Pacific Coast.
There are two thousand men
Baii.ro AD
Uneasiness.
out, their demand for six cents
more an hour, double pay for Sunday and
overtime in excess of ten hours a day having
been refused by the thirteen railroads in
volved. The management of the roads state
that the present pay of the switchmen is over
SIOO.OO a month, which is apparently bound-
of the Switchmen’s Union of
North America who walked
less wealth. They do not admit, however,
that the occupation of switchmen is consid
ered so hazardous that these men are debarred
from adequate insurance on their lives and,
deprived of this one great means of providing
for their families or for their own old age,
the Railroad Companies do not tell us of the
percentage of accidents which mangle and
maim switchmen. They say nothing about
the terribly hard hours and the bitter cold
that these men must endure in the course of
their work in the Northwest country, where
blizzards are a common thing from fall until
spring and the life of the railroad man is one
of bitterest hardship; but they tell us about
the SIOO.OO a month as if it were regal mu
nificence. Perhaps, SIOO.OO will buy today as
the average wage-earner.
“The man who several years ago was able to have a
porterhouse steak once in awhile can not have it now.
He can not afford it. How many workingmen in the
city of New York were able to pay thirty-five cents a
pound for turkey for their Thanksgiving dinner?
“It is the business of the Government to find out
why prices have gone up, in order that the situation
may be remedied. Something is wrong. It may be in
the combinations and trusts, it may be in the tariff;
again, it may be in the scarcity of the article itself,
but the fact that the wage-earner is being crowded
harder and harder year by year proves that there is
wrong somewhere, and the why of it can not be found
out too soon.
“The immediate hope lies in a complete and thor
ough investigation by the Government. The wage
earner can not wait for the awakening of a drowsy
public conscience.”
Secretary Ballinger's report on pensions is
one that should make the average citizen sit
up and take notice if any-
The Pension
Graft.
the sum of $161,973,703.77, and the pension
roll is still increasing! The amount of pen
sions has gone up year after year at a most
reckless rate, and although the survivors of
the Civil War should have decreased by this
time, there are apparently new ways found
much as $50.00 bought five or
ten years ago, but the chances
are that it will not do even that
much when we come down to
the facts of the case, which are
that a man is risking his life and
limbs, risking leaving his fam
ily destitute, living a hard, la
borious, painfully deprived life
for a paltry stipend, hardly suf
ficient for ordinary living ex
penses.
/ * * Sic SjC
In connection with the price
of necessaries, Dr. Charles
Sprague Smith, head of the
People’s Institute of New York,
makes the statement that the
Armour Packing Company
earned over and above all taxes,
expenses and interest on its
bonds in the last year $7,127,-
924.00, or the equivalent of 35
per cent, of its stock. Still, this
and other Packing Companies
claim to be in no way responsi
ble for the rise in price of aIP
kinds of meat. Dr. Smith
further says:
“The world’s history shows that
every time the price of bread has been
raised above the purse of the wage
earner there has been revolution. It
happened in Rome, it happened in
France. What may happen in this
country no man can say, but one thing
is certain, the prices of the necessaries
of life —the foodstuffs and the meat —
are rapidly getting beyond the purse of
thing will. For the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1909,
the United States disbursed