PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor/ and Proprietors
Thxmplr Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttnd at Puttfct, Atlanta, Ga., Jannarf 11, IQO7> at ttttttd
tlait mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, June 4, 1908
A Last Word on the Gubernatorial
Skirt-Dance.
As long as this generation shall linger
upon the stage, Georgians will talk and
laugh about the merry mix-up which
Apollo Belvidere precipitated by two
huge blunders. The first of these blun
ders grew out of personal spleen against
Little Joe Brown. The second grew out
of personal ambition. The kicking of Lit
tle Joe out of the Railroad Commission
did not necessarily involve moral wrong,
but the readiness of our magnificent, beau
tiful Chief Executive to leave his allies
and his pledges in the lurch, and to use
the governor’s office as a stepping stone
to the Senate, while still serving his first
term, was a blunder which involves char
acter.
Some of the Hoke Smith partisans have
stoutly denied this charge against the
Handsome One. Hoke himself will never
deny it where we can get hold of his de
nial.
Consider how those new rules of
Hoke’s Committee will work:
County units are to be obliterated, the
constitutional apportionment of power set
aside, the rights of the minority abol
ished, and the preponderance of the big
cities established.
Suppose the corporation interests of
the four largest cities combine with the
Liquor Dealers’ Association and put
forth a candidate for Governor who is a
man of good character, decided ability,
and intense ambition. Suppose that he
has “the gift of gab,” and can make a
favorable impression upon the average
audience of unsuspicious people. Sup
pose that the cities go almost solidly for
this man, and that he also divides the
country vote fairly well—as it is easy'to
do. What will happen?
The country candidate may possibly
carry one hundred country counties, by
majorities ranging from fifty votes to
three hundred votes, yet if the city can
didate carries the balance of the country
counties, and also the four big cities, he
would not only be Governor, but he
would, deprive the one hundred country
countiee of the right to be represented by
THE JEFFERSONIAN. .
men of their own choice, for he himself
would name their delegates.
it
Could any system be further removed
from democracy and sound principle?
See the inconsistency of it:
In the state at large, the numerical ma
jority would override the minority com
pleted, but in the counties carried by the
losing candidate the majority is not given
representation at all.
The losing candidate may have a large
majority in twenty counties, or in fifty
counties, but because he did not carry
the whole state, the majority vote of
those fiftv counties is refused representa
tion.
How can this be reconciled to demo
cratic principle?
Ml
By the new Hoke Smith rules, the
power of the majority is stretched to des
potic limits, in one direction, while in
another direction, it is annulled. Under
these new rules, the majority vote is su
preme in the state at large, while the mi
nority vote is supreme in the counties
carried by the losing candidate.
Who can fail to see that this is utterly
wrong, and that'a sinister purpose is be
hind this monstrous departure from law,
custom and principle?
* * • * *
Is it wise to stifle the voice of the mi
nority, as the new rules do?
It has often happened that the mi
nority included some of the best of men—•
men whose counsels were worth hearing,
men who sometimes convinced the ma
jority that a proposed policy would be
disastrous.
Throughout the civilized world the mi
nority is given some representation, some
voice, some consideration. Why should
a democratic state like ours be the first
to stifle the voice of the minority and to
deny it representation?
Is not publicity one of the mainstays of
a republican government?
The convention system gave us that;
the committee system takes it away.
In the convention, we could at least
see what was being done, and who was
doing it, in the committee system we will
never know what the wire-workers are
up to, until after it is all over; and we will
never be able to tell with certainty which
members of the committee are chiefly re
sponsible.
In short, the secret committee which
the Hoke Smith faction has substituted
for the convention will be a Star Cham
ber affair instead of the open-and-above
board system which has heretofore pre
vailed.
•
With the minoritv excluded from the
party councils, and with secret committee
rule substituted for the open Convention,
it seems to the Jeffersonian that dear old
Georgia is goino- to get boss-ism in hero
ic doses.
Unless we are. much more. if»or<wt of
the character of our people than we think
we are, they will never put up with this
new fangled device which paves the way
for a Tammany Boss in Georgia.
Just let the Democratic tricksters of
the cities stick to that new program, and
we Pops will clean them up, slicker than
a whistle.
A Democratic party which violates all
democratic principles and precedents can
not exist in this day of loosening party
ties.
Public discussion, free and fair debate,
is vital in a democracy. ‘ The open con
vention, where leading men from all over
the state met in council, was a splendid
institution. It was a political High
School; it was the Forum in which
champions of the majority and of the mi
nority gave reasons for the faith that was
in them; it was an arena in which many
an ambitious youngster won his spurs;
it was a tilting-field in which strong men
jousted, with the people looking on, and
in this way the state often learned who
were her best men.
We deeply regret to see this free-field
and fair-fight system give way to the un
challenged sway of committee-room
methods.
* * * • •
Much has been recklessly stated against
the nominations made in the conventions.
It is said that the corporations controlled
these convention.
Which ones? Give us the date. Which
of our Governors were foisted upon us,
IN THE CONVENTION, by the corpo
rations? Which Governor became so by
convention vote, rather than by popular
vote?
Give us the name — or invent a better
excuse for your obliteration of the county
unit,
ft ♦ * *
Looking back over the by-gone years,
as a man of fiftv-one years is prone to
do, we can not but recall the figures that
appeared on the stage of the old Con
ventions, where the majority and the mi
nority delegates met to register what had
already been done, and to debate meas
ures of future policy.
What a splendid arrav of talented
Georgians it.includes! Those were the
days when Chatham put forward such
men as Senator Norwood, Bob Falligant,
Walter Charlton and true-hearted Joe
Warren. Bibb was represented by
orators like Wes Patterson and Sam
Jemison, and by such able councillors as
Col. W. A. Huff, Nat Harris and Clifford
Anderson. In those days, old Baldwin
sent the brilliant Flem du Bignon, and
young McDuffie sent Plain Bill Tutt —
while the golden-hearted Ben Russell
spoke for Decatur, and Dr. Henry Carl
ton for Clarke.
Ex-soldiers like “the gay and gallant
General Pierce Young” were thrown into
intimate relations with such editors .as
Fat anM Jim TttrafruH, the