PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
The Catholics have nothing to do with
politics. Their priests never mix in matters
other than religious. For
England’s
Awful Stress.
policies of government. That is why the unc
tuous plea for “toleration” should be heeded.
England, as we all know, is in the midst of a
political crisis. The issues involved are sim
ply aristocracy against democracy. There
are never any other issues, politically speak
ing. Party names and every phase of politi
cal economy turn simply upon the world-old
fight between mass and class. It is so with
the English budget bill. Concurrently with
this issue other questions have arisen, among
them, Tariff versus Free Trade, the Abolition
of the House of Lords and Irish Home Rule.
Now, Ireland is a Catholic country, and in
all conscience the Hierarchy should support
home rule for its most faithful fief. Mr. John
Redmond leads the Home Rule faction and
the support of this faction is almost necessary
for the success of the Lloyd-George budget.
John Redmond has a moral right to the sup
port of the Catholic voter. Will he get it?
A long letter in the London Truth indicates
the situation very clearly; among less mate
rial points, the following significant state
ment occurs: “Mr. Asquith will yet learn
that the Irish and English Catholics will not
sell their faith for any bribe; and that it will
not be Mr. John Redmond who will com
mand their allegiance on this occasion, ~but
their Bishops.” In other words, the Catholic
vote will be swung against Home Rule,
against the welfare of the most Catholic
country in the world. The bishops will dic
tate, as they have always done in the history
of the world, in favor of privilege as against
the people. They will uphold the House of
Lords; they will assist, perhaps, in fixing the
damnable Tariff system upon England; and
they will refuse to unlock the yoke of Eng
lish oppression of Ireland. Oh, yes, we
should be very tolerant of these bishops, these
suave emissaries of governmental corruption.
# * s>: ❖ sjs
England must be in a fearfully bad way, a
worse way than we can realize. A long screed
recently appeared in the same paper, which
actually advocates the taking of boys out of
school at the age of ten and putting them on
the farms. The following excerpt from this
article, written in all seriousness, is enough to
give a person the jimjams:
“A townsman can not fail to note with surprise the
number of puny, delicate-looking boys to be seen in vil
lages. The chief reason is that the families are gen
erally large, and there is an insufficiency of adequate
nourishing food for them. When boys have to remain
at school till the age of fourteen, there is frequently
only the father earning. In many cases one finds a
family of boys—growing, hungry lads—the eldest be
ing nearly fourteen and still at school, and the others
thirteen, twelve, eleven, and ten, to say nothing of the
younger fry. For them to have the sustenance which
their rapidly developing bodies require is an absolute
impossibility. But supposing, in accordance with the-
Vicar of Witham’s suggestion, each of those lads
worked on a farm and was able to earn a shilling or
two a week, how much better it would be for the whole
family.”
The Vicar of Witham must be a creature
beyond contempt if he can virtually advocate
child labor for the only purpose, it would
seem, of enabling a worthless father to beget
children recklessly and expect them to sup
port themselves by the time they are out of
the cradle. The big family is all right, but
the father of such a family should see to it
that there is “a sufficiency of adequate nour
ishing food” for them before the cradle is
refilled every year, as is pathetically suggest-
this reason it is a cruel in
justice to accuse the Hier
archy of meddling with the
©foe Ueffersonkm
ed by the ages “nearly fourteen, thirteen,
twelve, eleven and ten” and on down. If
there is a divine right in existence, it is the
right of the father to protect and provide for
his family. There is no natural reason why
such a family should not be'.of the Roose
veltian proportions, as there is plenty of food
in the world for all if the system of distribu
tion were proper, but for men to permit a sys
tem that reduces them to such penury that
babies must work and little boys <md girls be
deprived of schooling and playtime is a most
outrageous insult to human intelligence. We
have about approached the period in Ameri
ca when every member of the family must
slave in order for it to exist, from the wife
who takes in sewing or washing, chops cotton
or hoes in the field, the young daughter who
is sent out to hunt a job which may eventuate
in her loss of health or degradation, “the boy
who never had a chance” down to the baby
who picks out basting-threads in the sweat
shop garment, and an English paper which
is fighting the budget, with strange lack of
acumen, publishes letters advocating child
slavery as one wjiy a family may obtain “ade
quate food”. But it wouldn’t tax the “un
earned increment” or the brewery. The stress
in England ought to be an object-lesson for
ourselves. The small children earning their
“shilling a week” on the farms, in the fac
tories or anywhere else will produce such a
citizenry as is close brother to the ox, or a
worse state of actual degeneracy.
A campaign for the repeal of the publicity
feature of the corporation excise tax law has
Give the
Manufacturer
What He
Wants, Always.
and commercial organizations for a conference
to be held in Chicago on January 14th, for
the purpose of fighting this clause. This ex
cise tax, as has been pointed out before, is a
measure of very doubtful wisdom in that this
corporation tax, levied direct by the Federal
Government, is equivalent to a Federal license
to do business. It will also prove a veritable
thumbscrew with which to force corporations
to contribute to the campaign fund of the Re
publican party and thus purchase immunity
from prosecution for the violation of anti
trust laws, etc. If there be any feature of
value about the tax it is that of publicity; if
there be any feature about it that is honest it
is that of publicity; therefore, the reason that
the publicity clause is to be fought is readily
apparent. Will Congress yield in this to the
desires of the manufacturing interests ?
Very likely it will, as Congress never fails to
give the manufacturer everything he wants.
It is sad to note that, for all his.expression
in favor of economy, Mr. Taft’s administra-
“Cut to the
Quick” Economy ?
Well, Hardly.
propriations in every de
partment show actual increase in the figures
over those of last year. Although these
figures are not heralded abroad, they are still
accessible and tell the story of the determina
tion to spend more and more of the public
money and plunge the Republic into the prob
lems attendant upon an increasing deficit.
Mr. Taft is so amiable and nice and indulgent
that his official children pay about as much
attention to him as real children do to the
easy-going parent who proposes while the
kids dispose.
been started by the Illi
nois Manufacturers Asso
ciation. A call has been
sent out to about two
thousand manufacturing
tion will undoubtedly go
down in history as fully
as extravagant as that of
Mr. Roosevelt. The ap-
The Prince Regent of China has caused
consternation in his realm by going in for,
not economic and social,
“Stovepipe Lids,”
Etc., in the
Flowery Kingdom.
grope about in his bewildered land and find
nothing better upon which to expend his zeal
than the yellow silk shirt and the queue when
there is so much else it would seem that he
might do for the benefit of his people. Evi
dently he has fallen into the error of believ
ing that imitation constitutes real progress
and that to imitate the habiliments of the Oc
cidental World is equivalent to knocking out
Confucius at one fell swoop.
The races which imitate are never the races
which are capable of making any real
progress. The Japanese, for all their veneer
of Western civilization and their rodent-like
cleverness, are only Mongolians after all. It
is true that there has been some denial of
this and some effort to connect them with the
Semitic tribes, but this needs much more
weighty proof than its advocates have yet
been able to call to their aid in support of the
contention. The Africans, for all their “hard
biled” shirts, slick-hair and ape-like follow
ing of the whites, are only Sambos and noth
ing more.
Mr. Taft comfortably confesses that the
price of food “means a very considerable in
crease of the burden laid upon
Taft and
Food Prices.
provement in business and the general pros
perity”. As an example of English, Mr.
Taft’s style is worthy of consideration as one
of the “how-nots to do it”. What he means
is that the average wage-earner is paying more
for victuals and getting no more for his work;
and he very skillfully left out “those classes
in the community whose yearly compensa
tion” is very precarious. With his Hundred
Thousand a year and emoluments of office,
Mr. Taft can speak very smoothly in stilted
three-syllable words, but he has not a ghost
of an idea that there is hardship and suffering
upon the majority of the American people, or
if he knows, he is too selfish and phlegmatic
to care. Teddy was a big noise and Taft is a
big piece of punk, and with his administra
tion piled upon the other two “those classes
in the community” who do not happen to be
long to the ten per cent, who are prospering
are in a pretty bad way, with no relief in
sight.
The Christmas holidays were busy ones in
Central America, witnessing the resignation
A Latin-
American
Confederation ?
brought about in less than one year more trou
ble in South America than many decades will
serve to overcome; and already there seetns
to be a clear note of union for defense against
aggression, on the part of the Latin-American
republics. European interests in South Amer
ica will, beyond question, back such a union,
and either put an end to further lawlessness
and highhanded proceedings on the part of
our officials, or a clash of arms will determine
whether or not further American aggression
may proceed. Imperialism, thjis far, has been
a fascinating child’s play with us, but it is
likely that the element of play is about to/
give way to sterner things. This SoutK
American Union will inevitably spring out o|
but dress reform and the
abolition of the pigtail.
It is rather amusing
that the Prince should
— -- -
those classes in the communi
ty whose yearly compensation
does not expand with the im-
of Mr. Zelaya as President
of Nicaragua and his ref
uge in Mexico. By his ig
norant and pompous ac
tions, Secretary Knox has