PAGE EIGHT
3effersonicm
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
.■■■ II ' —■ " ■■»■!■■!>■■■■■».■■ !■■■■■ .11.1 . ill
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga.. January 11. 1907. as second c.ass mat, tn tter
Atlanta, Ga. Dec. 16, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
A Few of Duckworth's Lies
Editor of The Jeffersonian:
Please answer the following questions through the
Weekly Jeffersonian :
(1) Wa.s Mr. Bodenhamer the Manager of The
Jeffersonian in 1908?
(2) Did you get mad with Mr. Duckworth just be
cause the Union News secured Bodenhamer’s service?
(3) Have you always advocated and upheld the
Merchant Marine?
(4) Have you ever made a desperate struggle to
consolidate The Jeffersonian and the Union News?
(5) Have you ever at any time announced that The
Jeffersonian would be a howling success if it were
not for that Union News?
These are a few of the charges made against you at
our last county meeting of the Farmers’ Union. They
were made by a Ducksonian who declared that the
subject would never be submitted to the public.
Yours truly, C. D. Irvin.
Conyers. Georgia.
ANSWERS.
(1) He never was.
(2) I did not. Duck was perfectly wel
come to Bode.
(3) Have always occupied my present po
sition on Merchant Marine.
(4) No. When Gordon Nye was in charge
of our Atlanta office, more than two years
ayo, (Spring of 1907,) he suggested a combi
nation of the Union News and The Jeffer
sonian, and may have spoken to Duckworth
on the subject. I myself did not even write
to Duckworth about it, took only a passing
interest in it, and certainly made no “desper
ate effort'’ in that direction.
(5) Never. It is a howling success, re
gardless of the Union News. I have said
that the existence of so many Farmers’ Union
papers (all of which are owned by self-seek
ing individuals,) naturally operated to make
the success of such a paper as mine a slow
proposition. But, in the same connection, I
have always said that the people would, after
awhile, lose interest in so many agricultural
papers, and would turn to those publications
that dealt with live political topics. My pre
diction is cominy true. The Jeffersonians,
weekly and monthly, have perhaps five times
more readers than the Union News.
I have nothin y to hide. DUCKWORTH
IIAS. That's the reason he stays under cor
er. and lies about me. in secret meetinys.
When Bodenhamer took charge of Duck’s
paper, he practically boycotted The Jeffer
sonian, by refusing to accept subscriptions
from us at less than 75 cents. He accepted
them from other papers at 50 cents, and 65
cents.
Os course, this unfriendly discrimination
against The Jeffersonian was not liked by
us. but we said nothing.
Then Duckworth put into his editorial col
umns an attack which the Augusta Herald
had made on me, under a misapprehension
of the facts. T wrote a stiff criticism of Duck
worth, and mailed to Atlanta: but John Lee
and Charley Smith happened in at my house,
immediately afterwards, and because of what
passed between us, my article was called off.
It was shameful for Duckworth to treat
Jeffersonian
me in that way, for he knew that Charley
Barrett yot me to meet Dan Sully., and that
Barrett heard every word of the conversation.
When I saw that secret alliances with La
bor Unions were afoot, and that Duckworth
was working for the Republicans, on that
Ship Subsidy matter, I could not remain si
lent any longer. It was a duty that I owed
the people to expose what was going on.
This, Mr. Irvin, is a frank and full reply
to your questions, and I trust that it will be
satisfactory. Thos. E. Watson.
December 7, 1909.
P. S. —But suppose every one of those
falsehoods that Duck is telling were facts,
how would it clear the skirts of himself,
Ladson, and Bodenhamer? Can't all of you
see that those guilty men are trying to mud
dy the waters, and cause people to quit de
manding an open, public investigation of
their conduct? They Jove darkness because
their deeds are evil. T. E. W.
Good for Dr. W. C. Lovett!
The Wesleyan Christian Advocate has ac
tually gone and printed a letter, written by
“this man” on Foreign Missions.
Thank you, Dr. Lovett ’
Thank you, Brother Cofer. I didn’t think
you' could hold out forever against my per
suasions, blandishments, cajoleries, importu
nities, solicitations, exhortations, beseech
ments, entreaties, supplications, and genial ir
resistibility.
True, you kept the letter back, until you
it to Rev. W. C. Cleckler, and get
his answer, to print along with my communi
cation; but while this is by no means cus
tomary, no kick is coming.
Brother Cleckler now concedes that I am
not a liar; and I feel “real” good. Somehow,
I consider myself vindicated, rehabilitated,
whitewashed, freshly veneered, newly paint
ed, and generally repaired, replenished, rein
vigorated, and made fit to keep company with
genteel folks.
Brother Cleckler, though, just had to have
a liar to sustain his side of it, and he now
names the New York World. That’s all right:
I hold no retainer from Pulitzer and his
IJYrZc?. If I were a betting man, however, I
would be willing to stake a mouse-colored
mule, against a Christmas gobbler, that the
New York World correctly reported the Rev.
Dr. MacArthur. It had no motive whatever
to tell lies on him; and even the most notori
ous liars generally have motives.
But the Advocate has another letter from
“this man”: it is a reply to Towson’s last roar.
Rev. W. E. Towson is the pamphleteer who
bitterly denies comparing me to “Lucifer, the
father of lies’, and who makes handsome
amends by classing me with Judas Iscariot.
Dr. Lovett, please give your readers my
kindly response to Bro. Towson.
The Introducer of the Introducer
“Tom Watson says he will drive the party who ‘in
troduces the orator of the occasion'' out of business. If
he does, he will have rendered a service to mankind
that ought not to be' rewarded lightly.”— Washington
(D. C.) Herald.
Quote the poet correctly. I have never been
sanguine enough to believe in any one’s abil
ity to abolish that howling nuisance, the In
troductory Speech. No: it’s a national in
stitution —like the Trust, the charity-broker,
the Sunbeam society, the padded pension roll,
the fraudulent election-method, the Soft
Drink, and the salaried minstrels of the
church choir, and the Temperance lecturer
who dearly loves a dram.
We can no more get rid of these things than
we can shed our skins.
But what I did express a faint hope of ex
terminating was, that awful infliction, known
as the Introducer of the Introducer. When
the Chairman says to the audience— '
“I now present Mr. Billington Pennypack-
er, who will proceed to introduce Colonel
Septemius Starbottle, who will introduce the
Hon. Slippery Slop, the speaker of the oc
casion,” —the audience ought to immediately
rise up, and throw the Chairman out of the
window; then hang up the Introducer by the
thumbs, and then—but there is no adequate
punishment short of lynching that will meet
the requirements of equity and justice, in the
case of the Introducer of the Introducer.
He’s a regular horror, a nightmare, some
thing to run people crazy. If ever he butts in
on one of my meetings, again—
Well, maybe I’d better not make any
threats: they’d count against me in the police
court.
Answer These Questions, Mr.
Duckworth
(1) Have you received any money from
the Merchant Marine League, which is cam
paigning for the Republican Ship Subsidy?
I challenged those fellows to tell us where
they are getting their money’ from, and what
they are doing with it. I told them that they
were welcome to see my books, if they would
let me see theirs. This closed them up: they
haven't a word to say. Is your name any
where on their hooks. Mr. Duckworth? Have
they paid you for space for their “argu
ments” ?
(2) Why have you and John Lee made it
your business to defend that bank-wrecking
lawyer, C. T. Ladson? Why couldn’t you
leave him to me? Why don’t you yo to the
public records of the Superior Court of Ful
ton County, and, find, out the facts about the
wreckiny of the Neal Bank? Don’t you know
that this shrewd Atlanta lawyer roped in the
President and the Vice-President of that
Bank, and yot them to commit the crime
which is penalized in Sections 212, 213 and
214 of our Criminal Code? Don’t you know
that Thornton and Manry, the President and
Vice-President of that Bank, used for their
own purposes, and the purposes of Ladson,
$120,000 of the Bank’s money, when, under
the law, it was made a penitentiary offense
for them to do so? ;
(3) Why don’t you answer my questions
about that secret midnight meeting in Birm
ingham, where Bodenhamer, the Atlanta
printer, was selected as a delegate to the To
ronto Labor Convention ? Why is it that you
are slippiny around to these secret meetinys
of the Local Unions, telling your lies behind
closed doors, instead of meeting me out in the
open, like a man? Is it true that you sent Bo
denhamer as a delegate of the Farmers’ Un
ion to the Convention of the International
Typographical Union, which met in St.
Joseph, Missouri? He says you did; yet the
rank and file know nothing about it. Why
are you deceiving the great body of the
Farmers’ Union? What is it that you of the
inner circle are up to. anyway?
(4) What was it that you were afraid to
have Mr. Harris tell on you, and which,
therefore, compelled yon to buy him off? He
had started a paper at Union City, and was
attacking you. Instead of answering his at
tacks, you bought his paper. Why did you
do it ? JI hat is it he knows on you that you
were afraid to have the people hear?
(5) How do you stand on the Pear re bill,
which Hon. Samuel Gompers, President of the
American Federation of Labor, says “embodies
the demands of organized labor”? That bill
, s proposes to deprive the Courts of power to
protect a man’s business. The leyitimate use of
property is. in most instances, a man's busi
ness. For instance, when one buys linotype
machines, presses, folders, type, etc., the ordi
nary and leyitimate use of that property, is
the “business” of publishing magazines, books,
newspapers, and doing job printing. Again,
the legitimate use of a stock of goods, in a
store-house in a city, or at the cross-roads, is
the business of merchandising. The legiti-