PAGE FOURTEEN
road circles is so great that 25,000
employees of the Northwestern Rail
road signed a pledge of total ab
stinence at one time.
Business houses generally discrim
inate against the drinker in the em
ployment of men. The United States
Commissioner of Labor sent a note
of inquiry to 7,000 concerns employ
ing labor; 5,363 of them resonded
that they took the drink question
very much into account in hiring
men, and that they had to be the
more careful in selecting responsible
help because the law held them lia
ble for injuries caused by accident.
The young man of ambition and hope
who wants to get into a good place
and succeed in it knows full well tha
he must stay away from the saloon.
This business argument sends hun
dreds of thousands of employees into
the ranks of those who are fighting
the traffic.
The people paid last year a billion
dollars for intoxicating drink, SIOB,-
0 00,000 more than for all the neces
saries of life, and it is a protest
against the colossal material waste
and a desire to divert some of the
drink money to better uses that has
prompted many to vote no-license in
the campaigns. The billion dollars
paid over the counter for drink for
the year is only about a half of the
material damage the traffic causes,
requiring institutions to be main
tained by the public.
The large amounts of money paid
into the treasuries of States and mu
nicipalities by the liquor dealers are
no compensation for the material as
well as the moral waste in the com
munity, and while there are many
What the Eufaula Times Refused
to Publish
Dear Times: —We wish space for a
short statement.
While in the city yesterday we
were met by quite a number of men
who denounced Hon. Thos. E. Wat
son for his failure to meet his en
gagement to lecture here yesterday.
These people ought to hesitate and
investigate before making a verdict.
It was utterly impossible for Mr.
Watson to leave home by rail since
the firemen were on a strike and all
automobiles that could be hired were
employed by the Georgia Road to
carry mail to the cities and stations
along the road.
No citizen in the past or present
raised in Eufaula or elsewhere had
or has more love or respect for the
private and public interest of the
people of Eufaula and surrounding
country than Mr. Watson. His ad
vocacy of the principles has made
him famous at home and abroad.
May 26, 1909. REX.
Why Mr. Watson Was Not at Eufaula.
Mr. E. N. King,
Hatcher's Station, Ga.
My Dear Sir: —Your favor receiv
ed. The facts in regard to my fail
ure to be at Eufaula on Tuesday,
May 25th, are these:
According to the schedule which 1
had requested Mr. Holleman to fur
nish me some time ago, there was a
train out of Macon at 11:40 a. m.,
which arrives at Eufaula at 5 p. in.,
therefore it was my intention to go
over to Macon from Thomson Monday
morning on the train which leaves
here about 8 o’clock. This would
have given me ample time for a jour
ney in the day, and if, for any rea
son, there was a failure to connect in
Macon on that schedule, there was
another train to meet the emergency.
On Saturday the tie-up occurred
which stopped the trains on the
Georgia Railroad, but the impres
sion prevailed here that the strike
would be settled on Sunday, or that
the Central Railway would become
involved and its trains stopped. No
body here dreamed that the strike
would be as prolonged as it was, for
the Attorney General, Hon. John C.
Hart, had passed here on his way to
Augusta and had said that he was
going down to Augusta to try to ad-
friends of law and order who vote
for license because they think the
saloon ought to be made to pay a
part of the price of its public injury,
the people are getting to believe
more and more each year that the
damage of the saloon is too great,
and they are unwilling to tolerate it
and are voting “no” on the proposi
tion to permit it.
The sentimental and moral argu
ment for the removal of the saloon
is more powerful with the average
voter in the “wet and dry” cam
paigns than the economic one, strong
as it is.
The liquor men have untold wealth
at their disposal, the ablest minds in
thee nation are employed as their
attorneys. They have lobbyists at
the sessions of every State Legisla
ture and national Congress, they
have politicians of both parties in
every State an deity who can be re
lied upon to promote their interests.
They have an army of 200,000 saloon
keepers, and more than that of loyal
patrons, millions of dollars are spent
in advertisements and in their liter
ary department each year, and their
fight will be desperate and prolonged.
But the self-interest and conscience
of the nation are against them, and
unless there shall be some reforma
tion in the liquor traffic, which
seems now impossible, or if there
should occur no disagreement or dis
integration among the temperance
forces now so united, it is likely that
within a generation the saloon, as
we see it today, will have passed
away.—American Monthly Review of
Reviews.
just matters. We confidently ex
pected that this would be done on
Sunday. Therefore, I waited, expect
ing to proceed to Macon Monday
morning. When the depot agent tel
ephoned us on Monday morning that
there would be no train, I at once
telegraphed over to Eufaula stating
the situation. Thereupon, they be
gan to telephone me, asking if I could
not take an automobile trip to Au
gusta and take a train out from there
which would put me in Macon in
time to connect with a passenger
train which leaves Macon at 3 o’clock
in the morning. I assured Mr. Holle
man that there was no touring car in
Thomson, and that the few runabouts
that are here belong to private par
ties. Even if I could have got one of
these, there was no experienced dri
ver who could have been depended
upon with safety to get me to Augus
ta, and machines of that light de
scription are the most uncertain
things in the world to take such a
long trip with. Nor was there any
assurance that the Central trains
would be running that night, and
the schedule table showed that if
the Central train was behind time by
thirty minutes, it would fail to con
nect with the train for Eufaula. Af
ter much talking back and forth over
the long distance telephone, Mr. Hol
loman asked me if I would come pro
vided he could get an automobile
sent from Augusta. I answered at
once that I would, provided he would
guarantee the connection in Macon.
After a short interval, he telephoned
that he had arranged with the rail
way people in Macon to hold the Eu
faula connection for the Central
train, and that the automobile would
call for me. Thinking that this set
tled the matter, and knowing that
there was ample time for the auto
mobile to make the trip from Augus
ta, I had my satchel packed, dressed
for the journey, and awaited in con
fident expectation that the machine
would arrive on time. As hour after
hour passed and night came on, 1
realized that there had been some
failure somewhere, and at about dark
1 telegraphed to Mr. Holleman that I
had been ready, willing and waiting,
but that the automobile had not
shown up.
These are the simple, indisputable
3erfersonUin
facts in the matter, and while I deep
ly regret my inability to keep the ap
pointment, do not feel that it was
my fault. The strike was wholly un
expected, and after it did occur, no
one could have believed that it would
have lasted so long. There was no
automobile within my reach that I
considered safe and reliable for a
rough trip over country roads.
Even as it was, my agreement to
come by automobile would have
made me travel all night sitting up
in inconvenient coaches without any
chance to get rest and sleep. While
I was willing to incur this fatigue
and discomfort, it would have left me
in very bad shape to please an audi
ence with a lecture, but, as I say, af
ter Mr. Holleman and myself had
agreed upon that, and after I had re
lied upon that arrangement, it fell
through because, as I suppose, Mr.
Holleman was unable to secure the
automobile. You can readily under
stand that when the trains ceased to
run, there was a great demand for
automobiles in the territory affected
by the strike. Various drummers
who had business to look after, and
there were others besides drummers
who had to get about and attend to
things, trains or no trains. There
fore, I assume that the reason why
Mr. Holleman couldn’t send the au
tomobile as he telephoned that he
would do, was that he was unable to
get one. If he couldn’t get one in
Augusta, it would have been impossi
ble for me to do so.
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number
of subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WAT
SON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4,
1909, I will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second Prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold
ring for the girls.
Third Prize: Your choice of “Napoleon,” “Jefferson,”
“Bethany.” “Life and Speeches,” or “Waterloo.”
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all subscrip
tions sent in. For terms apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. I
JUST OUT
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine for June
Tom Watson’s Illustrated Article on
Foreign Missions
Is Worth the Price of Ten Years’ Subscription
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help
dispose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man?
We watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and
yondei is Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leis
urely elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send
courier after courier, message after meessage. We watch the face of The
Man. The afternoon shadows are.-lengthening. . . . O God' where
is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth bound. Price $1.50- post
age 15 cents.
THE JEFFERSONIANS. - - ■ Thomson, Ga.
To the extent that friends and oth
ers who were disappointed after put
ting themselves to the expense and
trouble of going to Eufaula, my re
gret is as deep as theirs that circum
stances made it impossible for me to
keep the engagement. So far as
those concerned who expected to
make a profit on me and did not do
it, I have only to say that my loss
was as great as theirs, because I was
to get half of the crop, and I see no
reason why they should not take the
matter in the same spirit of philoso
phy and of submission to circum
stances that I have been compelled to
practice.
Yours very truly,
THOS. E. WATSON.
June 1, 1909.
WHY NOT LET THE GRASS MAKE
MONEY FOR YOU?
One of the essentials of successful
stock raising is good pasturage; and
one of the greatest handicaps to suc
cessful stock raising in many sec
tions of the South is the lack of suit
able pastures.
A good pasture means, first of all,
plenty of grass, but there are other
things necessary to make a really
good pasture. It must have water
and shade as well as grass; ahd in
any section where cultivation has
succeeded range conditions it must be
enclosed.
Now of shade and water there is no
scarcity in the South, and we have