PAGE TWELVE
Is Compulsory Vaccination
Lawful ?
FROM PAGE NINE) ,
cholera. Yet nobody claims that vaccination
lessened the ravages of those scourges of the
human race. x
After General Ben Butler cleaned up New
Orleans, (there were several feet of “pure”
impurity, in the markets, where the people
went to get their food!) there was an imme
diate and immense improvement as to yellow
fever. As to cholera, it seems to have disap
peared from the Western world; and this dis
appearance was coincident with modern san
itary methods.
A heated debate on vaccination took place
in the city of Washington, not long ago and,
as reported in the Post, some valuable data
was used.
What Mr. Samuel Saloman said is of such
universal interest that it is quoted as fully
as the Post reported it:
Mr. Saloman, who has made a thorough study
-of the question, although he is not a physician,
being employed in the Government service, took
the stand first and gave the history of vaccination.
“For the last hundred years it has been shown
conclusively that vaccination has proved an utter
failure in stamping out smallpox,” Mr. Saloman
said.
“It has also been a common matter of history
that the most severe epidemics of that loathsome
and dread disease have broken out in communi
ties where every member had bared his or her
arm to the physicians’ ‘sure preventive,’ and yet
they died like flies.”
The speaker then produced a big roll of papers
containing statistics of the death rate in the Ger
man army, and, continuing, said:
“Smallpox ravages in their army, where each
man had been thoroughly vaccinated and re-vac
cinated shows a death rate 60 per cent, greater
than that among the civilians who were not forced
to submit to the operation. In Berlin, where vac
cination is compulsory, a death rate of 6,000 in
every million is shown, considerably greater than
the deaths in London, where vaccination is not
compulsory.
“I could stand here all night,” the speakei' con
tinued, “and show where the ‘Grim Reaper’ has
repeatedly taken those whose bodies had been
inoculated with virus obtained from calves or
other animals, and left those whose bodies had
not been polluted.
Leads to Other Diseases. ,
“But this is not all,” Mr. Saloman said, “I
have positive proof that tuberculosis, lockjaw,
leprosy, and a wide range of diseases follow vac
cination. It predisposes to nearly every malig
nant ailment under the sun, some too horrible
even to mention. Yet our innocent children must
be subjected to this infamous operation because
the physicians have the hallucination that by this
practice they render an individual immune.
“There is only one remedy,” he continued.
“When a child is subjected to vaccination, the
doctor who does the job should be held responsi
ble for the results of his medical crime.”
Harry B. Bradford upheld Mr. Saloman in
every particular, and went further in some
things. He said that the American Medical As
sociation is a “trust” in the true sense of the
word, and that its members are not nearly so
dependable as their profession demands.
He asserted that all virus is infected with mil
lions of other germs and that contagion is spread
by its introduction into the human body.
“The whole theory of vaccination is a monu
mental fallacy, and the doctors’ seal of immunity
is the virus from a-loathsome sore,” Mr. Brad
ford said.
One Sensible Editor Sets Some
Others a Good Example
Brother I. G. Walker, of the DeKalb New
Era, (who modestly disclaims the credit of
helping me put Rev. W. 11. Smith, D.D., in
the hole, and who says that The Presbyteria/n
■was my able assistant in that matter,) has
shown the Dr. Lovetts, the Bell and Gra
hams and the Dr. Converses how to increase
the circulation of their papers.
He has announced that my -friends can
have a column, each week, to defend my po
sition on Foreign Missions. Bully for
~ Brother I. G. Walker.
If I were a betting man, I’d stake my
'“magnificent palace” against Dr. Lovett’s
Gfce. Ueffersonlan
silk hat, on the proposition that Walker's lib
erality is going to add interest to his paper,
increase its circulation, and advance the pop
ularity of him, the said I. G. W.
Men and brethren! Write a few lines to
The New Era, Decatur, Ga. Make that one
column a live wire. Show them that I stand
for Gospel Missions, as all Christians did for
eighteen hundred years after Christ.
Show them how the foreign missionaries
have departed from the Pauline model.
Show them how we are bribing the heathen
to call themselves “converts”.
At the South Georgia Conference, not long
ago, the brethren gravely discussed the ques
tion:—“How can we increase the circulation
of The 'Wesleyan Christian Advocated
Strange to say no one suggested the three
ways of doing it. Yet they are obvious
enough:
(1) The paper should be run according to
law. People would then respect it more, as
they saw it respect itself.
(2) A more up-to-date policy "should be
adopted. A paper which arrogantly and ob
stinately insists that there is only one side to
a question, and that there’s nothing to be said
excepting on that one side, cannot make its
own living, nor have any considerable circu
lation.
(3) Dr. Lovett is three or four hundred
years behind the spirit of the times. He
should give and take a rest. If a really live
Methodist had hold of The Advocate — Dr.
Lee, or Dr. Bradley, or Dr. Wilkinson—the
Conference wouldn’t have to debate circula
tion again.
Show This to the Old Pop Who
Went Into That Nasty
European Mess
Those Socialist leaders are either the
greatest cowards or the most shameless hypo
crites that ever lived.
I mean Eugene Debs, J. A. Wayland, Fred
Warren, Richard LeGallienne, Victor L.
Burger, Robert Hunter, and Joseph Medill
Patterson.
I have dared them to define Socialism in
its relation to
The Home, as we know it;
The Marital Relation;
Private Property;
Religion, and Racial and Social Equality.
They are afraid to publish the definition.
They continue to preach two different, irre
concilable doctrines—one to catch country
people and the other to win the poor and the
immorally inclined of the big cities.
If this is not the game why should these
national leaders fear to prepare and publish
that plain, honest definition?
To show you that they do mean Free Love,
we set before you the following nasty preach
ment, taken from one of their magazines,
The Open Road:
“The Social Shame.
“Miss Nancys cry that sex freedom would lead
to sex indulgence! How little the dear ladies
know of things as they are. Sex indulgence is
rampant to the very limit, and beyond, of fysical
endurance. It could not go further, for tissues
and nerves won’t stand any more pressure. The
world teems with sex perverts, and sex diseases
kill millions— because Puritanism and hypocrisy
have dammed the natural, beautiful river of sex
intercourse. Tear away the dam and let the
mightiest river in Nature wend its way normally
and peacefully to the great ocean of human love.
The very word love, in any sex sense, today is
empty and meaningless. The sex relation is
bounded by passion, by coarseness, vulgarity, sen
suality, and no decent conception of love enters
into it.
“This Christian civilization, which swallows on
Faith a whole bibleful of literal absurdities, hasn’t
enuf faith in God.
“You must not mate in secret, says the legis
lature, echoing the prurient virgins of Society,
but must go up to the City Hall, declare your in
tentions before the world, and then take an oath
never to mate with any other man or woman no
matter how unfortunate your present selection
may be. And the Social Shame says, Os course
you won’t keep that oath—no one expects that
you will. But you must lie and deceive every
time you disregard it. We slime your life with
our Shame, we brand you hypocrite, and we pro- •
vide bagnios and brothels in which you may
wallow in sensuality, mentally and fysically, to
the tune of clinking dollars. But all the beauty
and poetry and chasteness of natural sex-mating
must leave your life forever. That is Society’s
mandate, and that it is«not enforct with absolute
rigidity, is only to say that Nature is stronger
than Society and men and women better than the
conditions that chain them. The chains are self
forged, in the aggregate, but thousands now re
bel against them.”—(Luke North.)
“The Pilgrim’s Banner”
Is the name of a religious magazine pub
lished at Graymont, Georgia. It is a most
excellent publication, and has been in exist
ence sixteen years.
The price is $1 per year, and it is worth
every cent of the money. But until the 31st
of March, it will receive 50 cents in full pay
ment of a year’s subscription.
I hope that thousands of people will jump
at the offer.
A Right Funny Thing
One of my sympathetic friends, wishing to
be helpful, sent me a clipping from a certain
paper, and asked me to comment on the ar
ticle. Glancing down the column of printed
matter to find whose name might be signed, to
the piece, I saw the unfamiliar entrimmings
“Omri S. Tallent.”
The subject of the article was Foreign Mis
sions; and, of course, I came in for a lam
basting, as usual.
Thinks I to myself, “Who is this Omri S.
Tallent? Why should he be assailing my po
sition on Foreign Missions? Why is it that
he cannot see, just I do, how sadly we need
to minister to our own flesh and blood, and
put the sweet spirit of Christ more in evi
dence among our own people?”
With these reflections in mind, and still
marvelling what manner of man my assailant
might be, I take up the Atlanta Georgian,
and right there on the first page, the shock
ing, big headline smites me squarely in the
eye,
" “TALLENT EXPELLED, RESULT OF
FIGHT WITH ROLFE HUNT.”
“O!” I cried out in dismay, “What if this
Tallent should turn out to be mv Omri S.
Tallent!”
Rolfe Hunt, I seemed to remember. His
name, according to a vague recollection, was
associated with the endearing title of “Boy
Preacher”. That he should have been in a
“fight” with anybody, was sufficiently dis
tressing. But the question which agitated
me was, “Did he fight Omri S. Tallent?
With feverish haste, I read further, and to
my stupefaction I not only discovered that
Omri S. was Rolfe's assailant, but that Omri
S. was called “Boy Preacher”, too!!!
So I sat right dow T n and was silent, for
lack of words to suitably, commensurately,
exhaustively and adequately express my feel
ings. It ain’t often that I’m “took” in that
way; but when a “Boy Preacher” has jumped
on you about the heathen; and you then pick
up the morning paper and see on the front
page, in flaring letters, where this same “Boy
Preacher” has been fighting another “Boy
Preacher”, and has been fired from the Bible
School; and that the lovely rumpus is all
about “an affair” with a pretty girl—oh,
what CAN you do but sit down, and wish
for a dozen tongues and two dozen lungs, so
that you might do justice to the subject?
Certain correspondence between the two
Boy Preachers preceded the commencement
of hostilities. This was as it should have
been. First, your epistolary sparring; then,
your fight. 1
I have carefully perused these letters. In
their way, they are quite remarkable. It is
__