PAGE TEN
LETTERS EROM THE PEOPLE
Dothan, Ala., July 19, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson:
I seize my pencil to write this letter express
ing- my gratitude to the convention for put
ting our beloved Tom, a native Georgian, and
an old standby of the principles of true democ
racy which, if carried out, will free the mil
lions of laboring masses from the curse of the
classes.
The Lord has never before, in my recollec
tion, blessed the farmers with a greater yield
than this year, to date, and yet we have
never "'suffered greater depression in prices
for produce. All because of the money sharks
and hell hounds hoarding the money and
withholding it from circulation, and that for
the purpose of starving the poor laboring
people and throwing them out of employment
in order that they could control the campaign
and elect just such a president and congress
as they want to fix laws in the future
for the classes as they have been doing in the
past. But I thank God. Populism has been
born again to rise up with its mighty force
against the deadly enemy which, by class leg
islation, has oppressed the masses, 10, these
many years! And I pray God that we may
fight the good fight of faith, and victory will
be ours and that our national affairs may be
revolutionized and better times prevail.
I shall endeavor to speak a word wherever
I can for Watson and if needs be will stump
the county for him. I now live in Alabama,
but I am a native of old Georgia and love
the dear old state as a child loves its mother
and that is one of the reasons why I intend
to work for Mr. Watson in this campaign. He
is worthy of the honor of becoming the
chief executive of our great nation. I want
to say this much, to my brother who is poor
and a laboring man as I am: Whoever willing
ly and knowingly casts a vote for either of the
old party nominees, says by that act that “I
am willing for this panic to continue and for
the classes to continue to make laws that
will make the poor poorer and the rich
richer. ’ ’
The Bible says: “The time will come when
those will rule over you that hate you,” and
it does seem to me that that time has come.
So let us be up and doing, praying God’s
help for deliverance, by putting the Hon.
Thomas E. Watson of the grand old state of
Georgia in the president’s chair.
I remain, a worker for Watson,
H. 0. LAWSON.
.. *■■■' - ■■w.wyyuji' ■■■*■—■ ■
ABSURD LIE!
Pinehurst, Ga., July 22, 1908.
The Jeffersonian:
I want to ask a question: Dr. E. B.
Davis, of Byronville, Ga., said he had a friend
staying in the Neal Bank of Atlanta who told
him that there was a check passed through
that bank for $50,000 for Tom Watson. Davis
thinks that it was given by the republicans to
Tom Watson for him to carry Georgia for the
republican party, Now in order to get the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
truth, I write asking you if there was a check
passed through the above named bank for that
purpose; please reply through the weekly Jef
fersonian, that I may use it in Watson’s fa
vor.
Yours for reform,
W. B. WEAVER.
Answer. No such check passed through the
Neal Bank, or any other bank. No such
check ever existed. The Campaign liar ap
pears to have gone in for big ones this year.
T. E. W.
Sandy Hill, N. Y., July 19, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My dear Watson: I have read, over again,
your “'speech of acceptance.” You will know
how that grand statement of facts and actual
conditions, which control the economic condi
tions in our ountry, thrills me through almost
every paragraph of that fearless utterance,
when you learn that I voted and worked for
the election of Peter Cooper, James B. Wea
ver and all the other candidates who stood
for the rights of the people in this greatest of
all problems which ever deserved the atten
tion of a people.
But I learned, to my great sorrow, after
having spent time and money in what seemed
to me to be the greatest subject ever discussed
by human lips, that there were two insur
mountable barriers in the way of success:
First. The stupid ignorance on the part of
the masses as to the 'vital points in contro
versy, and their utter inability to compre
hend the shrewd manipulation of the money
lender to cause the enactment of laws for his
special benefit and aggrandizement.
And, secondly, the mighty stronghold of the
rich, while intrenched in the environment of
their ill-gotten surroundings. And, singular
as it may appear, your references to strug
gles in the past history of the race, serve to
confirm me in the impregnable character of
those barriers.
And do you know, while I pen these words,
I feel like exclaiming, in an agonized cry,
Oh, God, what a thought to carry on our jour
ney to the grave!
There is, however, in it all the earnest pray
er and hope that you will be spared to see
the fruit of your planting and watering.
Sincerely yours,
JAS. M’CARTY.
All patriots have been cast down at times,
for wisdom lingers in her coming. But the
people axe aroused, the light is breaking and
Truth must finally triumph.
VOTE FOR PRINCIPLE.
Dallas, Ga., July 17, 1908.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
It is a great pleasure to me to endorse Thos.
E. Watson of Georgia for the Presidential
chair of the United States, a man in whom
there is no variableness; a man the same every
day; one who, if in the presidential chair,
would prevent all panics; a man who contin
ually keeps the money power on the alert
for fear that he will head them off; a man
who is going to carry Georgia in spite of all
the political machinery; one who believes the
people are the government.
Now, let us begin to think. One says in
Holy Writ, “As a man thinketh in his
heart, so is he.” Then we are what our
thoughts make us. If we think evil, we are
evil; if we think good, we are good. Right
eousness makes a clear conscience. Evil is
corruption. Let’s lay all prejudice aside and
be men. Think, weigh and investigate, form
conclusions and vote for principle.
WM. M’BRAYER.
WILL MR. SHAW KINDLY COME
AGAIN?
The Jeffersonian:
Have just read “A Strong Letter” by
John P. Shaw, and must say it is a great
surprise to me if I at all understand it. I
nave read several little works on the laws
bearing on the banking system of our coun
try and thought I understood them very well,
but if I halfway understand Mr. Shaw’s
article I know very little about it. What I
know about the banking system I learned
about 1892, and I said then the government
was a robber government, backing up the
rich in robbery of the poor and industrious,
and I argued that the whole system would be
overturned as soon as the people could be
made to understand the tremendous injustice
of its workings. Mr. Shaw’s article is too
short and has too little explanation for people
generally to take much note of it. I cannot
see how it is that a bank can lend $6.25 be
cause a deposit of one dollar is made.
Has not a bank the right to lend all the
money it has, above its resources, at any time,
and can Qie deposit of a dollar in any way
justify the issuing of six more? If the money
comes in that way the wonder is that the
farmer and laborer can live at all.
I’ve worked for Populism from the first,
and in the language of F. D. Wimberly will
say “May God bless and preserve our Tom,”
and may he press on until the shackles that
are on us shall be loosed.
HORACE HICKS.
Ashford, Ala.
ALABAMA POPULISTS.
All Alabamians who believe in the principles
of Jeffersonian Democracy, and desire to sup
port Hon. Thos. E. Watson, the greatest advo
cate of those principles, for President of the
United States, are requested to send their
names and address to the undersigned at
Opelika, Ala.
We want Alabama to give Mr. Watson a good
vote in the November election, and we can not
hope to do the greatest amount of good unless
we organize. Act quickly, for our time is get
ting short. J. ROY McGINTY.
Opelika, Ala., July 20, 1908.