PAGE TEN
LETTERS FROM THZ TZOTLL
LETTER FROM MARYLAND.
Deer Park, Md., June 8, 1908.
Mr. Thos. E. Watson, Atlanta, Georgia.
My Dear Sir: I get your magazine every
month and I- believe that* I am a better man
by using it regularly. It touches me. Don’t
know if I am modern Democrat or Republican.
The Jeffersonian tells us what our old school
stood for; Bryan nor Roosevelt don’t. I hope
ere long to figure out what wagon I’m in.
The enclosed addresses may do lots of good.
Yours truly,
PATRICK HAMILL.
TENNESSEE POPULISTS.
A mass convention of the People’s Party
of Tennessee is hereby called to meet in Nash
ville, at the State Capitol, on Thursday, July
16, at 10 o’clock a. m., for the purpose of nom
inating Presidential electors and the transac
tion of any other business that may come be
fore the convention. Our nominee for Presi
dent, Hon. Thos. E. Watson, will be present
and deliver an address on the evening of the
16th. Every Populist in Tennessee is urged
to see that his county is well represented in
(he convention.
No party or movement ever had a braver,
truer or more brilliant leader than has the
People’s Party in this campaign.
Populists, show your appreciation of that
leader by making the convention on July 16
the largest and most memorable one in the
history of the party in Tennessee.
W. W. MULLENS, Chairman.
11. J. MULLENS, Secretary.
ANARCHIST PLOTS.
When an unfortunate Denver priest engaged
in his churchlv duties, was shot to death by
an Italian, the idea probably occurred to most
of the unprejudiced that the church is not on
the best of terms with the population of Italy
—anti-clerical riots, in fact, being by no means
uncommon in that quarter of the world. The
natural deduction would seem to be that Alio
had simply brought along his wrath with him
from home, and kept it warm all the way to
Denver. This explanation failed to cover the
case when we learned through some of our
large and supposedly respectable newspapers
that in Alio’s possession had been found a
number of letters which connected him with
bands of anarchists who were plotting whole
sale assassinations of priests. Thus advised,
we listened in silence, if not with admiration,
while reactionary papers, clerical and lay,
expounded the text that irreligion and murder
invariably went hand in hand. Nothing hav
ing been heard again of these incriminating
documents, and no mention whatsoever being
made of them at the trial of Alio, one is per
haps justified in asking, were they real, or
were they prescriptions for hand lotions, or
extracts from ‘‘Jerusalem Delivered,” in the
original ?
When three strong men of Chicago could
not overcome a frail, consumptive boy with-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
out firing seven shots into the youth, our
astonishment, to say the least, would have
manifested itself at once had we not been in
formed by this same veracious press, that in
the rooms of Averbuch had been discovered
letters of the most dangerous character, clear
ly connecting him with groups of anarchists
again. When this terrifying news reached us,
we took to thinking of the boy shot by the
Chief, as a sort of animated bomb, liable to
explode under the slightest touch; and we only
marveled that he could be killed at all. How
ever, it transpired later on that these damag
ing manuscripts were nothing but letters to
the boy’s mother, mentioning neither anarchy
nor the vegetation in Franz Josef land. Obe
of the papers was a computation of the price
of eggs at twenty-three cents the dozen, I be
lieve. This W’as bad, but scarcely what we
had been taught to fear. These facts being
made known to us, we ceased to lo,ok under
our front steps at night for lead pipe filled
with dynamite.
No sooner, however, had our nerves been
restored to something resembling their proper
condition, than we found out that among the
effects of Selig Silverstein, who is said to have
attempted to hurl a bomb at a policeman in
Union Park, New York, were found once more
those fatal anarchistic documents, this time
filled again and again with allusions to Emma
Goldman, the unspeakable. And now our hair
rose in renewed horror, and we made up our
minds that Silverstein either lied, or did not
know what he was talking about, when he said
that he was angry because the week before a
policeman had clubbed him without cause and
forbidden him to make a speech. The papers
discovered on this occasion, so we were in
formed. were of such a character that the po
lice department positively refused to betray
their entire contents at the time; but in a gen
eral way we learned that they contained “fre
quent references to astonishing plots against
great financiers and against the money inter
ests.” It now appears that “they” consisted
in a card of membership in the Anarchist Fed
eration, and that there is no evidence to show
that Silverstein acted in collusion with any
others in the committing of the crime. This
being the case, we rather cease.to exult in the
spectacle of “curveting steeds” knocking
down defenseless men, women and children un
der their hoofs, and begin to wonder what,
in the name of common decency and the lib
erty that some of us supposed we had, were
mounted policemen thinking of to drive their
horses over the bodies of inoffensive American
working folk?
In view of the difference between the way
we look at all these disturbances when accom
panied by plots, and.the manner in which they
appear to us without plots, we want to know
more definitely about these anarchistic tales.
Were they true, or were they lies? And if
they were lies, for what specific purpose were
they told?
Possibly if we had upon our various ponce
forces men with less vivid imaginations and
more general information, so that they might
be able to distinguish Ibsen from a formula
for making bombs, the situation could be sim
plified.
L. D. HARDING.
OF POST-MORTEM PRAISES.
I’ve noticed when a fellow dies, no matter
what he’s been —
A saintly chap or one whose life was darkly
steeped in sin—-
His friends forget the bitter words they spoke
but yesterday,
And now they find a multitude of pretty
things to say.
I fancy when I go to rest some one will bring
to light
Some kindly word or goodly act long buried
out of sight;
But, if it’s all the same to you, just give to
me instead
The bouquets while I’m living and the knock
ing when I’m dead.
Don’t save your kisses to imprint upon my
marble brow,
While countless maledictions are hurled upon
me now;
Say just one kindly word to me while I mourn
here alone,
And don’t save all your eulogy to carve Upon
a stone!
What do I care if when I’m dead the Bloom
ingdale Gazette
Gives me a write-up with a cut in mourning
borders set;
It will not flatter me a bit, no matter what
is said,
So kindly throw your bouquets now and knock
me when I’m dead.
It may be fine, when one is dead, to have the
folks talk so,
To have the flowers come in loads from rela
tives, you know;
It may be nice to have these things for those
you leave behind,
But just as far as I’m concerned, I really do
not mind,
I’m quite alive and well today, and while I
linger here,
Lend me a helping hand at times —give me
a word of cheer.
Just change the game a little bit; just kindly
swap the decks,
For I will be no judge of flowers when I’ve
cashed in mv checks.
—The New York Sun.
FOR SALE CHEAP
One 70-saw Winship gin, condenser, and
feeder; one 5 1-2 inch pin self-tramping press;
shafting, belting and pulleys complete; in good
condition; 12-horsepower engine and boiler, al]
in good running condition. Will sell engine
separate, or other parts separate, or all to
gether, to suit purchaser. Machinery is at
Alto, Ga. Correspond with S, J, Duffee, 425
Hiawassee Ave., Athens, Ga.