PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga... January 11, 1907, as second class tnail matter
<Vr xofiffiSncouwrfefr 2
ATLANTA, GA., MARCH 4, 1909.
Sit Up and Take Notice.
The Hon. Mr. Rainey is making himself
very unpopular in Congress. He is a man
who kicks. He tells tales out of school. A
very disagreeable fellow he is beginning to
be, —this Hon. Mr. Rainey.
In a most annoying manner he pointed out,
in a speech in Congress, that a certain Boston
firm, (Oh Lord—BOSTON!) needing money
somewhat urgently, prevailed upon the U. S.
Senate and House to peremptorily instruct
the Secretary of War to buy, from said Boston
firm, two vessels had no value whatever
to these Bostonese, and which were tied up
at the wharf in Seattle, out of commission.
The U. S. Government did not need these
two idle ships; the Isthmian Canal Commis
sion had not asked for any ships; but the Sec
retary of War was positively ordered to buy
these two idle ships for the Isthmian Canal.
"That provision was slipped into one of the
Isthmian Canal bills and it went through both
Houses of Congress “without a bobble,” and
the Boston firm held up the Secretary of War
to the tune of a million dollars, for those use
less vessels.
Has anybody denied Rainey’s charges? No.
The only answer Congress makes is to abuse
Rainey. They don't challenge his facts, —they
accuse him of having got his evidence from
“convicts and blackmailers."
Not a member of either House has under
taken to explain why it happened that the Sec
retary of War had his hands tied, by Con
gress.
If the government needed two more ves
sels, why was not the Government given some
discretion in the matter? Why designate by
name, two ships that must be bought?
The Boston firm's vessels were named the
Shawmut and the Tremont; and Congress
ordered the Secretary of War to purchase the
SHAWMUT and the TREMONT.
And a million dollars of the money which
you paid into the treasury was lifted out, to
ease matters for this Boston firm.
Where was your Senator and your Repre
sentative when this iniquitous clause was
slipped through both Houses?
Write to him and ask.
Friends! cultivate the habit of letting your
Congressmen know that you are not asleep.
Buy a stack of postal cards, and begin to re
fresh the memory of the candidate who made
you such nice promises. Show him that you
ain’t dead.
* * M
La Tollette and Tillman.
The Jeffersonian has a great admiration for
the Wisconsin junior Senator. He is full of
energy, his heart is in the right place and
his ability, which is great, is of the practical
sort. If we had aLa Follette from the South,
and one from the East and one from the North
we could clean out that legislative hog-pen at
Washington, and restore the standards which
Jeffersonian
prevailed when genuine democracy was domi
nant.
While the Senator from Wisconsin had the
floor some time ago he alluded to a standard
of senatorial morality which Senator Tillman
of South Carolina had set up. Mr. Tillman
rose and said:
“I said if stealing is to be done, I want my
share of it, and I do.”
If that rule is good for the U. S. Senate,
why isn't it good everywhere else? Some
body is always stealing, therefore everybody
must steal. Wrong is eternally being done,
therefore we must all do wrong.
Some men are always on the downward
way to crime,Therefore all of us must become
criminals. Some women are vile, therefore all
the women must become vile.*
What kind of impression does Senator Till
man think he makes on the minds of the
voting, when he, a member of our HIGHEST
LAW-MAKING BODY, declares “If others
steal, I, also, will steal?”
The people of South Carolina rallied to Ben
Tillman because he proclaimed himself an ar
dent reformer. He told them that if they
would make him Governor he would put a
stop to the bad doings of the Hampton-Butler
rings. No man ever pledged himself more
loudly and frequently to combat corruption
in high places, than did Ben Tillman.
That was many years ago. A long term in
the Senate has had its influence on Benjamin.
He is not the man he was when he ran for
Governor as the champion of the reformers.
Then, he girded his loins to fight thieves.
Now, he simply claims his share of the loot.
How many of the young men of the South
will be inspired to live up to high standards
by the Tillman ethics?
r. M *
The "Big Case Against Standard Oil.
We refer to the prosecution of the Rocke
feller law-breakers who violated the statutes
by compelling the railroads to give the Trust
secret rebates on oil shipments. By forcing
the railroads to grant these secret and lower
freight rates, the Standard Oil rascals put
their competitors out of business and enjoy a
monopoly.
The Rockefeller gang had trampled on the
law so often that the aggregate of the fines
imposed by Judge Landis was $29,000,000.
This big penalty shocked George Gould, E. H.
Harriman, T. F. Ryan and other millionaire
law-breakers who have a fellow feeling for
the Rockefeller crowd. The fine did seem
large. But when a corporation, like the Stan
dard Oil, makes a regular business of violating
the law, and does so every day of its life, the
number of crimes run up into the thousands,
and the penalties imposed must necessarily
be huge. We have known of instances where
a man convicted of selling a drink of whiskey
was sentenced to pay a fine of a thousand dol
lars. We have known of cases where the
stealing of a pig took three or four years out
of a man’s life. The fine of one hundred dol
lars paid by the average convict in a misde
meanor case is a much severer penalty than
the $29,000,000 sentence imposed on the Stan
dard Oil Company, out of which one man,
John D. Rockefeller has amassed a fortune of
A THOUSAND MILLION DOLLARS.
But Judge Grosscup, the infamous Chicago
corporation tool, falsified the record, and the
decision of Judge Landis was revemed. The
case went back to the lower ‘'ourt for another
trial, and the lawyers of the Standard people
are now having smooth sailing. They’ve got
a new Judge—a man named Anderson—and
he is legging for the defense, with all his
might.
First, he rejected a panel of jurors, drawn
according to law, because there were so many
farmers on it. It seems that it was a farmer
jury which convicted the Trust, at the former
trial. Consequently, the law-breaking Trust
has a prejudice against farmers. Judge An
derson shares the prejudice, and he quashed
the venire. That is, he refused to allow that
panel to serve, and ordered that another be
drawn.
Funny ruling, wasn’t it? Os course, the
Trust can more easily exert its power over a
merchant in Chicago than over a farmer away
out in the country, so the farmers were sent
back home and a panel of city people drawn.
After that, you couldn’t be,surprised at any
ruling made by Judge Anderson.
The Trust lawyers next got this corpora
tion judge to rule that the number of the ship
ments consisted, not of the number of cars,
nor of the number of trains, but of the number
of settlements made between the Standard Oil
Company and the railroads!
Our opinion is, that if a shipper in a contin
uous way, brings to the depot, at one time, a
sufficient quantity of lumber, or of cotton, or of
melons, or of mules, or of oil to fill 30 cars,
there is only one shipment, and not thirty.
Our idea is, that the completeness of the
transaction, and the number of those complete
and separate transactions, determine the num
ber of shipments.
For example: Farmer Jones has 30 bales
of cotton to ship. Suppose he hauls it all, as
a continuous act, takes one receipt for it all,
and goes about his business. That we think
is but one shipment,—although the Depot
agent may load the bales on several different
cars and send them off on different days.
But suppose the farmer hauls the 30 bales
in six different lots at different times, taking a
receipt for each lot, separately,—then we think
that he has made five different shipments.
If he accepts a rebate from the railroads, on
all that cotton, he violates the law five times,
because the law says that the taking of a re
bate on a shipment is a crime. Os course, the
number of shipments fixes the number of
crimes. Let us illustrate another way:
If Cuffee comes to your pig-pen and steals
five shoats at one haul, there is only one
crime, 'lhe taking and carrying away of the
five hogs is one transaction, and therefore but
one crime.
But suppose Cuffee steals one of the pigs
every night, until he gets away with the five.
In that case, there are five larcenies, for there
are five separate and complete transactions.
Now. Judge Anderson has ruled that if the
Standard Oil people took any rebates at all,
the number of the crimes must be determined
by the number of the settlements for freight,
between shipper and carrier.
Was there ever anything more far-fetched
and unreasonable?
A merchant may have a settlement with a
carrier once € month, and during that month
may have shipped a thousand different lots of
merchandise to a thousand different custom
ers, at a thousand different points; but, ac
cording to Judge Anderson, there was only one
shipment because there was only one settle- ‘
ment.
The law uses the word shipment: Judge
Anderson substitutes the word settlement.
THUS IS THE LAW MOCKED, and the
way prepared for rich law-breakers to go un
whipped of justice.
■ * M *
" Inconsistent.
The CaWiolic priests of Baltimore are tre
mendously wrought up over the question of
“race suicide.” They violently denounce the
"limited family.” They demand that married
folks “multiply and replenish.” They say
that a household which has only two or three