bonds, and get the same privileges as the
banker? The People’s Party does not object
to the banker getting money from the gov
ernment on good security, but it does object
to him being given this privilege when the
others are denied it. And to push this point
forward the People’s Party must live regard
less of the formation of other parties.
Government ownership of railways Is also
an essential proposition. Any straddle or
compromise will be a dismal failure. We
have been trying to “control” policy for
years, and have passed restrictive laws gov
erning rates and conditions of traffic without
end, only to find that a restriction put on
at one end of the line blossoms out as an addi
tional privilege at the other. We have in
many states secured a two cent fare, and
now wages are being cut, men are being
thrown out of employment, equipment is be
ing run down, and the companies are default
ing in their obligation. Government owner
ship would overcome all this, secure equal
rates to all, and a thousand advantages I
could name, while the “control” (Bryan,
Roosevelt, Hearst) idea means simple confu
sion and no substantial results.
So the People’s Party must live; it has ac
complished wonders in the past by educating
millions w 7 ho are populists at heart, whether
they vote with us or not; it has a world of
work yet to do, and will go on with it as
long as one of the wrongs of which it com
plains exists.
So come to the convention, every one of you
who can. Let us make it a mighty demonstra
tion of a thoroughly aroused people, and show
those who live on special privilege that free
dom’s battle has just begun.
JO. A. PARKR.
Parma, Mo., Feb. 27, 1908.
POPULAR VOTE TO DECIDE IT.
An interesting change made in the demo
cratic primary methods by the state executive
committee at its meeting in Atlanta, when it
fixed the rules to govern the primary of June
4, was that the candidates for state offices,
from governor down, who receive the majori
ty of the popular vote cast in the state, shall
be declared the party nominees, and their
names shall be placed on the ticket to be
voted in the regular October election.
Heretofore, in party primaries, the nominees
have been the candidates securing the largest
number of delegates in the state convention,
though, as a matter of fact, the nominees have
also been those who received the majority of
the popular vote.
Notwithstanding this fact, just as it was
possible under the old rule for a candidate
to secure the nomination without a majority
of the popular vote, provided he secured the
majority of the counties and those of dele
gates to the state convention, it is quite pos
sible under the new 7 rule for a candidate to
secure the nomination without carrying more
than a third of the counties in the state.
Should one candidate carry by large major
ties, w’hile another candidate carried only
ties, while another candidate carried only
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
those counties in which the voting strength
is small, the former would, under the new rule,
become the nominee, even though he went
to the convention with a considerable minor
ity of the delegates.
New Primary Rule.
Here is the new rule, as applied to candi
dates for governor and state house offices:
“6. That on Friday, the sth day of July,
1908, at noon, the democratic executive com
mittee of each county shall assemble at the
county court house and consolidate the vote
and declare the result. The chairman of
such county committee shall then forthwith
certify and transmit the said consolidated
vote of the county to the secretary of this
committee at Macon, Ga., who, together with
the chairman of this committee, shall count
and consolidate the votes of the several coun
ties of the state and in all eases w’here a can
didate receives a majority shall report the
result of such consolidated vote to the state
convention, v 7 hich shall in turn declare the
result and make nominations accordingly and
all such candidates shall be placed on the state
ticket as the democratic nominees for said of
fices.”
The popular vote rule has been revoked
this year for the first time in the history of
the party in Georgia, and there will be no lit
tle interest in watching its operations.
The majority popular vote rule applies also
to those cases in which there are a number
of candidates for an office, as is seen in the
requirement that a second primary shall be
held, provided no candidate secured a major
ity of the popular vote cast in the first pri
mary.
THE PLAN OF THE CITY REGISTERS.
The above clipping from Sunday’s Consti
tution explains itself. As you will observe
it absolutely revolutionizes the time hon
ored election system of Georgia. Heretofore,
from time immemorial, Georgia’s election ma
chinery has been operated on the basis of the
county unit. The wisdom of our forefathers
adopted this method, so as to give the small
counties a fair showing against the encroach
ment of the more populous centers.
They established representation on the ba
sis, not of population, but of the county unit,
and they wrote it in the state constitution so
that it could not be changed, thus guarantee
ing to the country counties a fixed propor
tionate voice in the administration of the
government that the framers of the constitu
tion intended they should have.
The “reform” executive committee under
an order revised and approved by the gov
ernor, has entirely overthrown the county unit
plan, and in direct defiance of the spirit of
the state constitution has based the govern
orship election not upon the county unit plan,
but upon the popular vote plan, which throws
the preponderance of power in the large cities,
and takes away from the country counties
the proportionate power they have heretofore
exercised.
For instance, under the plan of the state
constitution, the first six counties in the
state are entitled to three representatives
each, the next twenty-six to two each, and
all of the remainder to one each. Thus what
ever might be the population of the largest
counties, even the smallest county in the state
was guaranteed at least one-third as much
representation.
All primary elections have heretofore been
held on this basis. Fulton county may have
voted 15,000 votes for one man, and Echols
county may have voted 500 for another man,
and yet Fulton’s vote in the state conven
tion for that man would have been on the
basis of only three to one.
Under the new plan controlling the ap
proaching state primary every vote counts re
gardless of county lines, and in the case of
Fulton and Echols, as above indicated, should
Fulton cast the same 15,000 votes for one
man, and Echols 500 for another, the propor
tion this time in favor of Fulton will be thir
ty to one, instead of three to one, all county
lines being wiped out and the popular vote
thus throwing the balance of power in the
hands of the cities, and eliminating the pro
tection to the country counties thought to be
guaranteed by the makers of the state conven
tion.
Under this plan the time may come in a
few years when the four large city counties of
Georgia, Augusta, Macon, Savannah and At
lanta, may contain a majority of the total
vote of the state. This would give them ab
solute control of the state, regardless of the
country counties. Under the state constitu
tion and under the rule always applied here
tofore to state primaries, these four counties
could be represented in the vote for governor
only on a basis of three representatives each,
or twelve votes out of a total of 292 conven
tion votes for tlie balance of the state.
Tn other words, under the old plan, these
four cities would have a proportionate vote
in the state convention of one twenty-fifth.
Under the new plan they may absolutely con
trol the election, wiping out the 'vote of
the remaining 142 counties of the state.
This, in connection with the order of the
state committee, revised and approved by the
governor, empowering him to name all dele
gates to the state convention, is a conspic
uous achievement of “reform” that should
put the country counties on notice of what is
in store for them. — Citizen.
ROBERT E. LEE.
“He was a foe without hate; a friend with
out treachery; a soldier without cruelty; a
victor without oppression, and a victim with
out murmuring.
“He was a. public officer without vices; a
private citizen without wrong; a neighbor
without reproach; a Christian without hypoc
risy, and a man without guile.
“He was Caesar without his ambition;
Frederick without his tyranny; Napoleon
without his selfishness, and Washington with
out his reward.
“He was obedient to authority as a ser
vant, and royal in authority as a true king.
“He was gentle as a woman in life; mod
est and pure as a virgin in .thought; w’atched
as a Roman vestal in duty; submissive to law
as Socrates, and grand in battle as Achilles.”
—Benj. 11. Hill.
PAGE FIVE