TOPICS OT GENERAL INTEREST
CRIMEAN WAR VETERAN WITH THE
POPULISTS.
Edward Clayson, Sr., the last Western sur
vivor of the famous Baltic fleet that bombard
ed Svesborg in 1855, during the Crimean War,
journeyed all the way from Seattle, Wash.,
to St. Louis to sit as a delegate in the Popu
list National Convention at the Olympic Thea
ter Thursday. Mr. Clayson styles himself
on his cards the “Lone Pop” from the Pacific
Coast.
He is the Populist National Committeeman
from Washington, and says 7 he had to come to
St. Louis because the State Chairman of the
party is a “bearded effeminate.” Mr. Clay
son is the author of a famous satirical charac
ter sketch, entitled “The Bearded Effemi
nate.” This was published many years ago.
The “bearded effeminate” is what Presi
dent Roosevelt would call a “mollycoddle”
or a milksop. Mr. Clayson has no more re
spect for the “bearded effeminate” than the
President has for the “mollycoddle.”
Country’s Hope Populism.
“Populism is Americanism,” said Mr.
Clayson to a Post-Dispatch reporter. “The
people of this country will have to depend up
on the Populists for the protection of their
natural and constitutional rights. I am Na
tional Committeeman for the Populists in Se
attle, -and I have been fighting the fight for
many years. I am 69 years old, but there’s
lots of good fight in me yet.
“I’m on. to my job all right. I publish a
populist newspaper —The Patriarch. I start
ed the paper seven years ago, without dollar,
without a subscriber or an advertiser. I
thought it would be a nice thing for my old
age. I want to tell you now that I never had
to work so hard in my life as I have since
I started this newspaper.
“I have been convicted by two degenerate
juries on charges of sending improper matter
through the mails in my newspapers. I roast
the effeminates and a lot of people think my
virtues are crimes.
Says Roosevelt Is Greatest.
‘.‘l am a great admirer of masculine men.
It sounds like sacrilege to say it, but Teddy
Roosevelt is the grandest man who ever occu
pied the president’s chair.
“I got out a special Roosevelt edition of
my paper when the president was in Wash
ington, ran S3OO behind on it, and it kept
my nose to the grindstone for months to pay
out. I don’t mind that. I don’t take any
quack medicine advertisements for my paper.
“This Populist convention is not going to
be any milk and water affair. We’ll not nom
inate any ‘bearded effeminates’ for president
and vice-president.
Polished Up Old Medal.
“I fought in the Crimean war and the Brit
ish government gave me a medal for it. The
old medal lay in a safe deposit box in a
Seattle bank for nearly 50 years. I took it
out the other day and had it cleaned up. I
brought it out here to show some of those
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
bearded effeminates that an old sailor never 1
gives up the fight. J
“It is nearly 6,000 miles from Seattle to <
St. Louis and back. That’s nothing. I walk <
almost that many miles in Seattle every year f
as a political missionary. There will not be
many Populist delegates from the coast at the
convention, but there will be lots of Pop- <
ulist ballots in the boxes next November, and 1
they will not be the votes of the ‘bearded ef
feminates,’ ‘mollycoddles’ or ‘milk-sops.’
“Those fellows don’t belong to the Populist
party. ’ ’ —Exchange.
PETTY TYRANNY AND INJUSTICE IN
OUR SO-CALLED “FREE SCHOOLS.”
Coleman, Ga., April 13, 1908.
Three years ago I moved to this place to ed
ucate my children. When I got here I found
that there was trouble about the school. A
great many of the patrons were* kicking about
the matriculation fees being so high and they
could not get to see the books, if they had
any. 1 thought I would get right and I would
not get into any trouble, so I went to the
trustees and told them that I had heard a
great deal of talk about the school. The
trouble was the trustees made the patrons
pay $lO a pupil and they couldn’t see where
it went, so I thought I would get right and
start off right and stay right.
I asked the trustees about the expenses.
They told me it was $lO per scholar. I asked
them how they knew it would take just $lO
per scholar. They said they calculated on
45 scholars. I asked them if there were more
to come, if the fees would be any less. The/
did not answer. I said, “Suppose 50, 60 or
/0 were to come, there would be a surplus,
and what would become of it?” They said
there had never been a surplus, but they had
paid $25 out of their own pockets. I asked
them if I were to pay the $lO and by some
providential cause my children could not go
to school, if the money would be paid back,
and they said it would, and they guaranteed
it would. At the close of that same school
they were due the patrons back $3.10 per
scholar, which amounted to about $279, and
they got very mad with me and they have
done everything on the sly that they could
against me. I made them promise me that
they would have a trustee meeting and in
vite the patrons to it, and explain how much
had been paid in and how much had been
paid out, but I have never been able to do
that since, nor have we ever been able to get
back any money since. We have nine months
of school, six months what we call free and
three by local taxation.
Now they demand us, the patrons, to pay
$1 per scholar. We paid it last year, but I
kicked against it because I didn’t think it
would take that much to defray the expenses
of the school and they sent my children home
and they said that all had paid but me. I
did not think that they had any right to send
my children home, but I went and paid the
dollar per scholar. I owed them three dol-
lars and they owed me one. I went and called
for my certificate, as they called it, but I
called it a receipt. They gave it to me all
on one paper. I gave them two dollars. They
said they couldn’t do that. I asked why.
They said they hadn’t been authorized to do
that. I reasoned and told them that they
owed me the dollar, but they contended they
could not do that way. I told them they had
already done it.
On March 19, 1908, I received a letter
from the chairman of the trustees stating that
if I didn’t send in my $3 incidental fees by
Monday morning, my children would be ex
cluded from school. I wrote back to him on
Saturday, March 21, and said to him:
“In reply to yours of 19th inst., I wish to
say that it is and always has been my desire
and intention to do right and I have never
upheld any man for kicking against what was
right. But I have always felt that it was a
duty I owe to myself and family to resist a
wrong, whether perpetrated by an individual
or a combination of individuals.” I said to
him in regard to the incidental fees: “I am
perfectly willing to pay my pro rata part of
a fee that is necessary for the comfort and
convenience of the school, but I am not will
ing to pay for something that my children and
a large majority of the children of the school
do not share in.”
On Tuesday, March 24, 1908, the trustees
had my children to take their books and come
home. On March 26, the chairman of- the
Board of Trustees wrote to me and stated
that the book was at the bank, and I could go
there and see it if I wanted to. I wrote and
told him that I would like very much to have
seen the book when I had a right to, but if
you have a right to exclude my children from
school you have the same right to exclude me
from the book.
Now I will close. Pardon me for writing
this long letter. Please give me the desired
information and oblige one that will always
appreciate it. I remain as ever, your friend
and brother Populist,
A SUBSCRIBER.
Ferguson’s Lessons
in Land Numbers
THE ONLY BOOK OF ITS KIND PUBLISHED
|n addition to full information pertaining to subdivision
of land, as well as the leading points of law governing the
same, it has several never before published articles. One
from Mr. F. W. Foote, Ex-President of the State Bankers'
Association, now active. Vice-President of one of the leading
banks of the State, on “How to Open and Conduct a Bank
Account,” another from Dr. Sims, Superintendent of the
Blind Institute of Mississippi, on the “Care and Preservation
of the Eyes.”
This booklet has the endorsement of the leading
educators and others throughout the country and should
be in the hands of all interested in land or the right
training of the boys and girls of the country.
Mailed postpaid on receipt of price sOc. Money back
if not satisfied after five days examination. Remit by money
order or stamps.
THOS. M. FERGUSON, - - Hattiesburg, Miss.
TinAnnif cured; quick relief; removes all swell
■lf 11 |J V w ing in Bto 20 days; 80 to 60 days effects
LFllVl. sj * permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimpnials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE THREE