Obe Jeffersonian
z V Oy „
I - Volume Six
L Number Twenty-Three J
Sell Your Cotton, and Pay Your Debts !
Farmer, as long as you can get thirteen
cents and fourteen cents for your cotton,
SELL IT!
Don’t you listen to that reckless demagogue,
who caused the South to lose millions of dol
lars two years ago.
Sell your cotton, and pay your debts. GET
FREE, AND STAY FREE. On fourteen
cent cotton, you can do it. Don’t you go into
a gamble, with Dan Sully, or anybody else!
When cotton was at seven cents, I wanted
Sully to head a bull movement; but now,
when we can get thirteen and fourteen cents,
I wouldn’t put a single dollar into an ex
periment for higher prices.
How could we know when the gamblers
would unload, and smash the market?
Use your common sense, Farmer. Don't
you go and tie up your cotton in warehouses,
where storage, insurance, and Billy Witham
will be eating it up.
SELL, GET OUT OF DEBT, and be free
to take a hand in the biggest fight of the
unorganized public against organized capital
that this country has ever known.
IT IS COMING! The soft-soapers (Taft
and Aldrich) are on their glad-hand rounds;
but all the soft-soapers that the Trusts can
put into the field will not be able to soothe
the masses who have been so infamously be
traved in that new tariff bill.
TAFT BROKE HIS WORD, and he
eulogized the craftiest, corruptest scoundrel
that has governed the Senate, —since Gor
man, of Maryland, died.
THAT TARIFF ROBS US OF FIVE
MILLION DOLLARS A DAY, and we just
simply can not stand it.
WE MUST FIGHT, OR BE SLAVES
TO NEW ENGLAND AND THE TRUSTS.
T. E. W.
®] Bl g]
Teasing the Preachers
(number one.)
Say, lour Reverence! —You believe in the
Bible, don’t you? You are duty-bound to
take your commands from Christ, are you
not? On this “Go ye” business, some of you
have been saying that yon have no discretion
in the matter. You claim that Jesus gave
you your “marching orders”, and that you
have just simply got to obey.
Well, then, why don’t you “go”? Christ
said, “Go ye,” and you are one of the “ye”.
Yet you peg yourself down, right here in
our midst, and you don’t “go”, a step. How’s
that, Your Reverence?
You pen up a lot of ignorant, priest-ridden
simpletons in a church, and you preach to
them an hour on the “Go ye” text; and then
vou pass around the hat, to get money TO
HIRE A SUBSTITUTE.
Did Christ tell you to fight, by deputy?*
Does he anywhere instruct you to get shot at,
vicariously? Show me the Scriptural au
thority for hiring a substitute!
Our Lord said, in the plainest language,
“Go YE, — and you haven’t gone.
Explain yourself, Mr. Stay-at-home.
How dare you answer me by contending,
that Jesus meant to say, “Some of YOU, go?”
Christ made no exception. Talking directly
A Weekly Paper Edited by THUS. n. „ J SON and J. D. WA TSON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, November 18, 1909
to his disciples, he issued the command, “Go
yeT And they went.
Does not that look a little like A PER
SON AL ORDER; TO A CHOSEN GROUP
OF INDIVIDUALS?
It would seem that we must either put that
construction on it; or we must admit that
some mighty fine preachers are not doing
what the Master commanded.
But there is another plain and simple or
der, issued by the Savior, and which His dis
ciples absolutely refuse to obey.
Jesus told His apostles not to make long
prayers. Isn’t that so? When, then, does
Your Reverence disregard that command?
You tire people to death with your intermina
ble prayers. Sometimes, you keep elderly
men and women on their knees so long that
you can almost hear the hinges creak, as
those poor old limbs are being straightened
out, when you do, at last, say, “Amen.”
Your Reverence, I have often heard you
tell the Almighty a whole lot of news about
how things are going, in this world.
You seem to think that you must act the
part of a Sunday morning newspaper. What
ails you, anyway?
Your Reverence, you start out by saying,
“Lord, Thou knowest,”- —and you can’t stop
until you've emptied yourself of all that yaw
know. If you happen to get warm encour
agement from the Deacon Department, as
you generally do, you just meander all over
creation.
Don’t you know that Christ forbade that
sort of praying? Os course you do. Then
why don’t you quit it? That command ap
plies particularly to the preachers, and yet
they ignore it, flout it, and break it.
Our beloved pastors come down mighty
hard on us laymen, for our sins of omission
and commission. We deserve it every bit;
for, just between us girls, mankind are a
measly lot, “and little to be trusted.”
But it does seem sorter strange that the
preachers do not realize how much they
would encourage us, in our resistance to the
lusts of the flesh, if they would only pay some
little attention to that command about short
prayers.
(I won’t tease ’em any more, this time.)
bp - a si
“ You Are Responsible, ” Cried
Ferrer to the Priests
Certain Protestant Churchmen of America
are playing the sorry part of defenders of
the Roman Catholic hierarchy in the matter
of the murder of Professor Ferrer by the
Spanish King, and his heartless ministers.
Nobody has said that the Pope instigated
this deed which shocked the whole world.
No one believes him capable of such a blun
der. There is no doubt whatever that the
Vatican wolves wanted to get rid of Ferrer,
who was introducing into priest-ridden Spain
the principles for which the American pa
triots of 1776 fought.
But even Popes have learned better than to
burn reformers, as they burnt Bruno, Huss,
Jerome, Savonarola and Arnold of Brescia.
The same ruthless intolerance exists, but it
makes no such blunders as it formerly made.
When some foe to the Catholic Church be
comes too troublesome, be suddenly departs
this life. (See Zola’s “Rome”.)
When Ferrer was about to be shot some
priests came to ‘‘prepare him for death”. The
condemned man reproached them bitterly, re
jected their aid with scorn, and cried to them:
“You hypocrites! You are the cause of my
death!"
After the school-teacher had been shot, the
Catholic papers in Rome, Italy, set up a howl
of joy. There was the same indecent and dia
bolical delight over the murder of this cham
pion of modern schools, as there was among
Pope, cardinals and priests when the awful
news of the Massacre of St. Bartholomew
reached the papal court.
And, throughout the United States, the
Catholic papers are exulting over the foul as
sassination of Ferrer, with an indecent joy
which shows that their hatred of the secular
school and of the independent thinker, is
just as murderous as was the fanaticism of
those priests who inspired the bloody work,
in Paris, on the night of St. Bartholomew.
® ® ® .
Mr. J. M. Outler Thinks Taft Re
sponsible for High Price of Staple
(Com munica ted.)
“A little more than a year ago, just before the
last national election, I told you through this pa
per that in order for you to get fifteen cents for
your cotton you would have to vote for President
Taft, the Republican party and high tariff.
“You remember how I was denounced next day
at the courthouse by two Jasacks, and was called
by them all sorts of a fool.
“Mr. Taft and the Republican party were elect
ed. We now have a high protective tariff; you are
getting almost fifteen cents for your cotton that I
told you you would get and will continue to get it
until there is a possibility of electing a Demo
cratic President, Senate and House. Remember
this when you are next called upon to vote for
national officers.
“There are people w T ho will tell you that the
present high price of cotton is brought about by
the short crop, and ten thousand and one other
causes. That fellow is a Democrat and would
damn you and everything in this section that per
tains to your best interests in order that he might
see some two-by-four fellow elected to a national
office as a Democrat.
“Will you follow blindly such men always?
Remember what I have told you and what I am
telling you now. I may presume to advise you in
the future. I love you and this Southland of ours
far better than I love any howling Democrat and
his party and want you and this section to prosper
and come into its own, which it can never do ex
cept through the Republican party.
“Your friend, J. M. OUTLER.”
Well, if that doesn’t beat Bob-tail! It
takes the rag off the bush, —it “shore’’ does.
When Grover Cleveland was elected, on a
Tariff Reform promise, in 1892, cotton imme
diately went up. Here was a Democrat and
a lower tariff triumph, followed by a sudden
advance in the price of the staple,—l wonder
how Mr. Outler can explain it?
How was it that cotton went down to six
cents under Roosevelt and high-tariff?
And how was it that under the same Presi
dent and the same tariff the same year’s crop
went up to 16.65 cents?
(continued on page five)
Price, Five Cents