successful, festive, ovated, power-wielding,
salary-drawing, automobile side.
If he knows that there is a reverse side, he
loses no sleep over it. Nor will he speak of it
The kind of life led by the failures, the
unpopular, the persecuted, the subjects of
power, the non-salaried, those who have to
jump for their lives when the auto bears
down upon them, the hopeless invalids,
the homeless; the sufferers in hospitals, asy
lums, penitentiaries; the prisoners of the
mines; the slaves of the mills and the broth
els, —Mr. Taft never appears to give a
thought to these.
Like the pompous Podsnap, in “Our Mu
tual Friend-’, Mr. Taft simply waves them
,out of existence with a flourish of his arm.
And yet, he can not be unaware of the fact
»hat only a few months ago the Roosevelt
"Tlomes Commission” filed an elaborate re
port,—the result of careful, tedious, compre
hensive investigation into the conditions of
the domestic life of our people,—and that
this official report contained such startling
.and fearful revelations that the Aldriches and
.Lodges and Gallin gers and Smoots and
Ulales SUPPRESSED IT!
I Some day these big-rich, these sanguine
■drawers of huge salaries, these magnates
■holding high places and vast incomes, these
■optimists who will not see the smoke curling
fominously over Mount Vesuvius, nor hear the
tumblings within the heaving depths of the
[olcano, nor heed the warning cry of the
ane reformer, will hare earthquake and hot
ara to cope with.
v. All this carousing and revelry, all this
Jnaddening increase of the burdens of the
veople, all this confiscation of property un
/■r forms of law, all this greedy gathering
? wealth into the hands of the few; all this
abuse of power, corruption in politics, graft
| big cities, venality in the courts, delays
Jid denials of justice; all this offensive pa
rading of ill-gotten riches, this squandering
iipon bejeweled horses and bediamonded
.Pgs and European deadbeats of the money
>at was dug out of the ground by the miner,
f the man with the hoe, or the toiler in the
'iill,— is but heaping up wrath against the
\y of wrath.
lit can not go on forever. There’s a just
above, and we may tremble for our fu
ture.
% When we see a presidential candidate
) ledge himself to lower the Federal taxes, as
r. Taft did last summer; when we see
Idrich, Cannon and Tawney dishonor the
Lomise and increase the burden; when we
| the President not only sign the infamy,
Jiinst which even Sereno Payne entered his
[lignant protest, but eulogize Aldrich, give
d to the re-election of Tawney, and take in
ructions from Cannon, —can you not realize
how it destroys hope for sane reform?
Some day the revelers in gay, illuminated
Pompeii will greet the rising sun and the
setting sun for the last time. People who will
WHAT THE POLITICAL PARTIES
STAND FOR.
(Concluded from Page 5)
We also recognize the human in
stinct for home ownership, and home
life. We combat, as destructive to
society and civilization, the Socialist
doctrine of the public ownership of
land and all means of wealth pro
duction.
We stand for the Constitutional
money system of the fathers. We
say that all the money,—no matter
what it is made out of, —is the crea
ture of law, and that every bit of it
should be created by the Govern
ment, and issued directly to the peo
ple; and that every dollar so created
should be the equal of every other.
We stand for the Income Tax; for
the Initiative, Referendum and Re-
call; for a Parcels-post, and the Pos
tal Savings Bank.
We favor the placing of the nec
essaries of life on the Free list. We
say that it is an everlasting shame
that the enormous incomes of such
men as Rockefeller, Morgan, Ryan
and Carnegie should escape Federal
taxation, while the common people
are compelled by the Tariff to pay
two prices for clothing, house sup
plies, plantation implements and oth
er things that they are compelled to
have.
We favor every just demand of
eight-hour day in such indus
tries as workshops, mining, and man
ufacturing; the abolition of child
slavery; the compulsory adoption of
life-saving inventions, etc. But we
say that when Socialists promise the
workman “all that he produces”,
Heffersonian
not see, and who refuse to hear, are the peo
ple who cause revolutions.
Bl H ; SJ
Is There no Danger in This?
The Baltimore Sun, of Monday, September
27, 1909, contains an account of the confirma
tion of 100 children and adults, on the day
before, at Ellicott City, Maryland. Cardinal
Gibbons officiated.
Among the children confirmed were several
colored girls.
Hie Cardinal preached a sermon on Love.
He exhorted his hearers to love their neigh
bors without distinction of race or color.
Is there nothing in this incident to furnish
food for thought? It seems to us that
there is.
Separate churches are as desirable as sepa
rate schools, separate cars, and separate ho
tels. If the negroes are to be received into
religious congregations, on an equality with
the whites, it would seem silly to insist upon
sepa rati on else w here.
Various questions suggest themselves. Are
there any colored nuns? Are there any col
ored priests? Is it contemplated that there
will be any?
The ecclesiastical dictator of Cardinal Gib
bons is an Italian,—a Latin. The Latin race
has no objection to social equality. Hence,
the mongrelization of Cuba, San’ Domingo.
Central and South America. This hybridiz
ing, this crossing of the higher breed with
the lower, was the natural result of social
equality. And social equality was the teach
ing of the Catholic priests. And the degen
eracy brought about in those countries is the
logical, inevitable consequence of that teach
ing.
If we begin to practice it in the churches, it
will invade the schools, the cars, the hotels.
Then it will creep into the Home.
And then we will sink into a race of mon
grels,—which the Catholic priests make
wherever they dominate.
Would it not be an awful thing to reflect
upon,—the negro priest, with free access to
the convent, and the right to summon the
white nun to the “Retreat Parlor”?
® ®
A Painful Contrast
l our President has been preaching quite a
good deal recently. He preaches toleration of
the mildest, sweetest sort.
Tis a fine doctrine. But Bishop McFaul,
of New Jersey, does not preach it, or practice
it. He has ordered the Catholics to boycott
our secular schools and colleges.
Your President must take the Bishop in
hand.
Also that New England priest who, at the
confessional, instructed a wife to desert her
husband, if he did not come to the church and
have a priest marrv them. She was told that
they are humbugging him. No man,
nowadays, can produce corn, wheat,
cotton, shoes, cloth, steel rails, rope
wire, lumber, etc., without the help
of many others.
The producer should divide with
those whose help he got while pro
ducing. When we talk of giving him
“all that he produces”, we talk non
sense.
We oppose the national banking
system; the alien ownership of land,
and the holding by railroads and oth
er corporations of vast areas which
are not necessary to their legitimate
business.
We declare that the irresistible
power of Government should not be
used to build up one industry at the
expense of another.
We demand the election of United
her civil marriage was no marriage at all, and
that she was living in adultery.
Mr. Taft should rebuke priests of that in
tolerant kind. And nearly all of them are of
that kind.
Then, again, there is the Reverend McDow
ell, who preaches intolerance in Washington
City.
1 he President should call him down.
Under the grateful protection of our self
complacent toleration, the Catholic hierarchy
is rapidly advancing with the design to place
this people in control of the most intolerant
religion that ever bloodied the records of
mankind with the ferocity of religious perse
cution. g [g g
Push the Clubs
Six Jeffersonian chibs have already been
organized.
Good! The people who formed them did
not wait to be helped. They helped them
selves.
1 he danger to our future is. the appalling
Ind ifference of the public to the aggressiveness
of corporate greed. The ills from which we
now suffer are due to popular apathy.
, Competent physicians will tell you that no
drunkard can be saved, unless he will make an
earnest effort to save himself. No drug in all
the pharmacopoeia can rescue the poor wretch
who does not want to quit drinking.
So with the people. Ao orator, editor, lead
er. organizer, or statesman can save you. The
salvation of a nation, like its civilization,
must come from within.
Porm these little independent local democ
racies’ Talk about town affairs, county af
fairs. State affairs, national affairs. Circu
late literature. Encourage the indifferent to
read.
Shake off discouragement and organize.
Do it yourselves. AND DO IT AY?W.
B) B ®
Not Yet
Certain missionary fanatics are endeavor
ing to break the force of my exposures of the
anti-apostolic methods now practiced in For
eign Missions by whispering it around that I
have been turned out of the Baptist Church
’Tain’t so.
There is no telling when I may be bounced,
but up to the present writing, I’m all hunky
dory.
Why, it was no longer than last week that
my beloved pastor butted in. on the tele
phone, to tell me that the young people want
ed me to come over to the tabernacle the en
suing Sabbath and talk to them about litera
ture. Os course the invitation was accepted,
and last Sunday we had a "‘real ' good time
at our synagogue.
One lovely girl played the piano, another
played the fiddle, another read an essay, and
then I also spoke.
No, I haven't been excommunicated as vet.
States Senators by direct vote of the
people.
We demand the withdrawal of the
special privileges which create pri
vate monopolies and trusts. We say
that so long as monopoly privileges
remain in private hands, they should
be taxed to the full value of the
privileges.
Those are the Populist principles.
We have stood by them without ma
terial change since the Farmers’ Al
liance and Knights of Labor agreed
on them at Ocala, Florida, twenty
years ago. If put into effect, those
reforms would make our republic,
once more, a people’s country, gov
erned by all the folks in the interest
of all the folks.—T. E. W.
Read Watson’s “Bethany,” a novel
of the Old South.
PAGE THIRTEEN