PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TiMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga.. January 11. 1907. as second c,ass man matter
Atlanta, Georgia, February 3, 1910
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Why Is D. J. Neill So Eager
to Go?
The above-named gentleman is at present
working for a millionaire lowa Republican.
Reimers is the name of Neill’s Republican
boss: and. of course, Reimers favors the Ship
Subsidy steal.
The I 'exas Co-operator, (which looks skin
ny and debilitated, here of late,) publishes
an appeal which Neill is making to the
farmers of Texas. What do you think that
Neill is asking the farmers of Texas to do?
A ? t i mode, t man is begging them to
pony up contributions to pay his way to
Washington. D. C., and his expenses while
there!
What does he mean to do when he gets to
Washinoton ?
11 <>/•/' for the Republican Ship Subsidy
grab, of course. I shouldn’t wonder if he
wants to appear before some committee, “be
hind closed doors", and produce those Gal
veston resolutions, to prove that the Farmers’
Union unanimously voted in favor of a Ship
Subsidy.
If the farmers of Texas finance that man’s
stay in AA ashington. they will have cause to
regret it. the balance of their lives. They
u'ill hare furnished the Hannacrat Republi
cans another lobbyist— that’s all.
The Merchant Marine League is amply able
to pay Mr. Neill's way; and the farmers of
Texas had better let this Republican League
do so.
Boycotting the Meat Trust
To fight the Meat Trust, by starving our
selves, seems a mighty poor policy to me.
Somehow or other, it reminds me of the ven
erable story of the Dutchman who was stand
ing out in the yard, in his shirt, on a bitterly
cold night, holding on to the dog’s tail, with
grim tenacity; and who, when asked what it
all meant, explained that he was going to
hold that dog until it froze to death.
All China can boycott all Japan: or one
nation may taboo the products of another:
but how, in the name of common sense, can
we hope to terrify the meat-packers by starv
ing ourselves?
If there were only one trust, it would be
different: but there are scores of them. If
we boycott all of them, we will be in the po
sition of people who can neither buy nor sell.
If we bovcott only one, we will remain at the
mercy of the others.
Marauding trusts and corrupt politics are
partners: not until we smash that foul and
voracious combination can we hope for re
lief.
This administration, with its Ballinger-
cfitrsoman
Knox-Wickersham ramifications, is not going
to do anything to hurt the trusts. The
Payne-Aldrich bill proved that.
Even now the nominal fight on the To
bacco Trust is being turned into a real war
on the tobacco-growers.
That Wickersham letter to District-Attor
ney Wise, discouraging the prosecution of
the Sugar Trust, and stating that “strong
pressure will be brought to bear on President
Taft tomorrow to have the indictments
thrown out”, gave the whole thing away.
A “ Malinger ” of Missions
Mr. Tom Watson continues his diatribe against
missionary work, in his Jeffersonian Magazine.
Not satisfied with his quixotic assault on mis
sions, he attempts to attack the character of the
missionaries. When considering the animus of
this man, it is well to remember that our dear
Uncle Tom is a discredited and discarded poli
tician, and as such is naturally “agin the Govern
ment.”
Uncle Tom has come about as near hitting the
truth on the Mission question as he did in nam
ing his Populist paper The Jeffersonian. Uncle
Tom is about the only man we know who takes
Mr. Tom Watson seriously. We are strongly in
clined to look upon Mr. Watson’s missionary de
liverance as we have always looked upon the man
and his Magazine—a huge joke. Mr. Watson is
himself the best argument for the necessity of
the missionary.—Western Recorder, Jan. 20,
1910; J. W. Porter, D.D., Editor, Louisville, Ky.;
published weekly by Baptist Book Concern (Inc.),
636-638 4th Ave.; Henry C. McGill, Bus. M’g’r.
What's a “Malinger'’ ? I suppose that Rev.
J. W. Porter, D.D. meant to call me a Ma
ligner.
Why is it that so many Christian ministers
become arrogant, intolerant and bitterly abu
sive, as soon as they become D.D.’s?
“When considering the animus of this
man", —is a nice style of brotherly reference
to me, isn't it? Do you reckon that the
heathen will lose their good manners, when
they embrace the faith of Rev. J. W. Por
ter, D.D. ?
“A discredited and discarded politician".
M ell. even if that statement be true, how does
it justify such monstrous mission methods as
the buying up of little negro orphans “all
or er Africa''? In this country, we could get
all the orphans that we could support and
educate, without having to buy them.
What statement made by me is untrue?
Ihe Dr. Porters, the Dr. Lovetts, and the
Bell and Grahams do not dare to come into
our columns, and attempt to refute me. Nor
do they dare to let me come into their col
umns to answer their attacks on me.
The Jeffersonian is well-named. The pa
per advocates the very principles of the Sage
of Monticello: and if those principles are
synonymous with Populism, it isn’t my fault.
Even on the subject of Foreign Missions, we
stand exactly where Jefferson stood.
But, of course, such a man as the Rev. J. W.
Porter, D.D., could not be expected to know
things of that kind.
The Rev. J. W. Porter, D.D., asserts that I
am “about the only man who takes Mr. Tom
AA atson seriously”. Wei], I don’t know about
that. Really, I don’t. Some of the Foreign Mis
sionaries, and some of the D.D.’s, are making
noises that don’t sound very much like rip
ples of sweet, merry, melodious laughter:—
and as to the near-editors of some of the
moss-back sectarian papers, they have been
brought to a state of mind tending toward
frenzy. They don’t dare let my facts be
spread before their readers; they are hearing
from their dissatisfied subscribers; they are
afraid to comply with the law, as to cutting
off expired subscriptions; and they are hav
ing a rockv time, generally.
It is positively asserted by the Rev. J. W.
Porter, D.D., that he has “always looked
upon the man and his Magazine” (that’s me
and the Jeff) “as a joke”.
Which is a statement that everybody be
lieved, the moment it was made by the Rev.
J. W. Porter, D.D.
Duckworth Turns Moralist and
Moralizes Thus
Not only fools, but also disgruntled politicians,
empty of the milk of human kindness <and full of
disappointed ambitions, and jealousies, can pro
pound more vituperative questions and propose
more insinuations in a minute, than a wise man
or even a fool can answer in a lifetime —and ir
relevant and incompetent ones at that, like “when
did you leave off beating your daughter,” when
you never had one to beat, and were under no
obligation to reply to the “butter-in”, anyway.—
Duckworth’s Union News.
You couldn’t guess, in a coon’s age, who
Duck was aiming at, could you? That’s a
fine, manly, above-the-belt way to strike,
isn't it ?
The “vituperative questions'’ and “irrele
vant and incompetent ones” were about as
follows:
(1) How came you to make that “enthu
siastic speech”, in the Galveston Convention,
in favor of those Ship Subsidy Resolutions?
The Houston Post, and the Galveston News
understood those Resolutions to be a direct
slap at the Texas Congressional delegation,
because of their vote against the Hannacrat
Republican Ship Subsidy steal. The Ameri
can Flag, which is the organ of the Republi
can Ship Subsidy thieves, praised Duck to
the skies, because of his “enthusiastic speech"
in favor of those Resolutions.
In what way was my question “vitupera
tive, irrelevant and incompetent”?
(2) I asked Duckworth how he stood on
the Pearre bill, the Goinpers defiance of the
courts, and his efforts to compel every work
man to join the Labor Unions. As Duck was
hooking up with Mr. Goinpers, and publish
ing editorials along those lines, I thought that
he ought to come out, like an honest man, and
tell the boys where he stood on those ques
tions.
(3) I asked him why he practically boy
cotted The Jeffs; and why he re-published,
on his editorial page, an unjust attack which
another paper had made on me. We had not
done a thing against Duckworth, up to that
time: nor did The Jeffersonian begin to fire
on him until Bodenhamer told us about that
secret Birmingham conference, “which did
not break up until 3 o’clock in the morning":
and until Duck betrayed the farmers in that
enthusiastic Galveston speech. Then, we
opened on him—as it was our duty to do.
(4) I asked Duck how a member of
the Atlanta Typographical 'Union crawled
through the fence, and bobbed up, beamingly,
serenely, beautifully, as one of the Big Chiefs
of the Farmers’ Union.
Where was the vituperativeness and the ir
relevancy of the question?
If a goat gets in among the sheep, or a bug
in the buttermilk, it seems to me that it is
competent for some one to remark the un
toward incident.
(5) I asked Duck to tell me what was Lad
son’s explanation of the manner in which he
wrecked the Neal Bank.
Surely, this was not “vituperative”. And
considering that they still retain him as their
lawyer, the query was not “irrelevant”.
Yes, I know that Duck and the rest of “the
little bunch” have been norating it around, on
the sly, that I was sore because they did not
give the place to me!
Which makes me laugh. I did feel so
much inclined to yield to their urgent en
treaties to accept the Presidency of the Na
tional Union that I resigned as Director of
our McDuffie (State) Bank; but further re
flection convinced me that such a step would
be bad for the Union. The papers' would have
raised the outcry that I meant to take the or
ganization into politics—ezzuZ because of the
embarrassment which this would have been to
tbe Inion, I finally declined the very high
honor which they pressed me to accept.
Permit me to add that I am no more of a
“fool” now, than I was then. So far as I