Mr. Watson and Foreign Missions
Hon. Thos. E. Wason has declined
to accept the challenge that he de
bate with Mr. William T. Ellis in the
Atlanta Auditorium the Foreign
Missions question. Perhaps his re
fusal to do this will be claimed by
his opponents in this matter as an in
dication of fear on his part to enter
such a joint debate, yet the public
will not so understand it. Mr. Wat
son’s ability as a debater has been
too often proven and is too well
known, for anybody to believe really
that he felt himself unequal to the
task of defending the position he had
taken. That he declined the debate
was for other reasons, as he has
stated.
If Atlanta desires the advertise
ment she would get out of such a
meeting it is up to her to secure Mr.
Bryan to take the other end of that
proposition. And if Mr. Bryan can
not be secured—and the gentleman
from Nebraska is too wise to rush in
where angels fear to tread —Mr.
Watson would doubtless consent to
debate with any of the leading lights
of the church in this section who
have been so actively combatting his
views where he was denied a hear
ing.
To import a man from Philadel
phia to debate with Mr. Watson a
question of public interest in Atlanta
did have the appearance of its pro
moters trying to fight a duel by
proxy.
The comment in the State papers
which has followed this challenge
shows to what extent the public is in
terested in this question, and coin
cides with Mr. Watson’s views as pre
sented by him in his Jeffersonian.
This is not opposition to Foreign Mis
sions, but to the present sytem of
supporting the mission work. As he
says in his letter declining the chal
lenge: “To the principle of Foreign
Missions I am not antagonistic. On
the other hand, I believe in the Paul
ine method of doing the work. It is
the modern innovations which have
thrown aside the apostolic model and
example that I combat. I say that
there is no scripture for it, no com
mon sense, no patriotism, no true re
ligion.”
Is he not right in this? When the
first missionaries were sent forth
Christ commanded that they take
nothing for their journey, save a
staff only; no scrip, no bread, no
money in their purse. Paul, the great
apostle to the Gentiles, supported
himself at Corinth by .working at his
trade, the tent makers’. St. Patrick
did his great missionary work in Ire
land unsupported by Foreign Mission
collections at home. The pioneer
missionaries in America and Africa,
like Father Marquette and Living
ston, followed the Pauline style, and
all these appear to have had greater
success than do our present-day mis
sionaries who are so lavishly sup
ported by collections among their
home people.
It is said that $22,000,000 are col
lected annually in our various
churches for the support of Foreign
Missions, to educate people of other
countries who should provide for
their own education, while there re
main thousands of poor children in
our country who are totally deprived
of all opportunities for obtaining an
education.
Many good people believe in For
eign Missions because the present
system of Foreign Mission work has
gradually developed, and has become
a custom which, like other old cus
toms, is followed blindly. But it is
undoubtedly true that our first duty
is to our own people, and when we
BETTER THAN SPANKING.
Spanking does not cure children of
bed-wetting. There is a constitutional
- cause for this trouble. Mrs. M. Sum
mers, Box 460, South Bend, Ind., wiM
send free to any mother her successful
home treatment, with full instruc
tions. Send no money, but write her
today if your children trouble you in
this way. Don’t blame the child, the
chances are it can’t help it. This treat
ment also cures adults and aged people
troubled with urine difficulties by day
or night.
send many millions annually to give
religious and educational advan
tages to other people while there are
people at home equally in need of
them, we certainly fall under the Di
vine condemnation pronounced
against him who provides not spe
cially and first for those of his own
house.—The Augusta, Ga., Herald
(Daily).
THE GUIDON EXPRESSES AN
OPINION.
We do not always agree with Mr.
Watson, but there is something of
the comic opera in Mr. Calloway, et
al., selecting a champion to debate
with Mr. Watson the question of For
eign Missions. We learn that Mr.
Watson declines to meet, in the lists,
their somewhat unknown knight, but
says he will couch his lance against
“the peerless one,” the Honorable
William Jennings Bryan. We trust
Mr. Callaway, et al.', will be able to
arrange a mix-up between Messrs.
Watson and Bryan. If such a fight
could be “pulled off’’ that between
Jeffries and Johnson would only be
a preliminary skirmish—a sort of
curtain raiser. By all means induce
Mr. Bryan to put on the gloves.
We are willing to back Mr. Wat
son for any reasonable amount, not
because of any superior skill or
strength that he may be supposed to
possess, but for the reason that there
are few more absurd things than this
craze of Foreign Missions, unless it
be the effort to Christianize the
Jews. Foreign Missions have for
their real purpose the propagation
of the religious dogma peculiar to
the sect supporting the mission. How
beautiful in its simplicity is the pic
ture of the good missionary instruct
ing a Congo Negro in the blessed
doctrine of “holiness” and “infant
baptism.” On the other hand, how
low and vulgar is it, to go among the
poor and ignorant in our great cities
and relieve their dire want. Let the
money and labor expended on For
eign Missions be judiciously used in
this country for the relief of human
suffering. When a man wants bread
don’t give him a tract; when he
needs fuel do not tell him, if he does
not join the church, he will find it
hot enough in hell. There is no ob
jection to spreading the gospel of
Christ, just as there is no objection
to the dissemination of truth, but
the cause of Church and State can
be best subserved by the eradication
in this country of ignorance, poverty
and vice.
We regret that we can not publish
the two cards of Mr. Hull and Mr.
Ellis. Mr. Hull says that Mr. Wat
son wants “to dodge a square meet
ing of the facts,” whatever that
means. If Mr. Hull means that Mr.
Watson is a “dodger” he is mistaken.
Os one thing Mr. Hull may rest as
sured, that Mr. Watson is not want
ing in courage. We know of no man
who is less of a “dodger.” Mr. Hull
is on dangerous ground when he
charges Mr. Watson with making
“untrue and misleading statements.”
Denunciation of this character is
hardly graceful from one who wishes
to establish Foreign Missions, in the
name of the meek and lowly Jesus.
Mr. Ellis, in a letter to Mr. Hull,
refers to Mr. Watson as “your high
and mighty Mr. Watson,” “self-com
placent Mr. Watson,” “exalted and
aristocratic Mr. Watson,” “the wordy
Mr. Watson’s deblatterating.” Mr.
Ellis writes: “I was fully aware of
the risk of scurrilous treatment I ran
by getting down to Watson’s level.”
T t is perfectly evident that Mr.
Watson did right to refuse to enter
into the proposed debate. The un
derlying sentiment that gives life to
Foreign Missions is or ought to be
an earnest, holy and sincere desire
to do God’s will and to spread among
the nations of earth the blessed doc
trine of peace and good will. The
proposed debate with Mr. Ellis could
only result in bitterness and in per
sonal allusions unworthy of the
cause of true religion.—Guidon.
'SeffevsonidH
Kiser's j
King I
Shoos I
rOR MEN ■
to retail at $3.50 and $4.00 are in a, class all by them
selves. They have the style and service of shoes usually
retailed at $6.00 and $7.00. FIFTY-THREE styles in
all popular leathers, and latest, up-to-date lasts. They
are unequaled for style, service and shoe comfort.
WE INVITE COMPARISON
with competitive lines both as to quality and price. Ask the man
who has worn a pair. We have hundreds of voluntary testimonials,
as to long service record.
Our salesmen are now showing our new line of samples in their
respective territories, throughout the South Atlantic States. A
postal will hurry one to see you, and we are prepared to ship
orders promptly as we carry a stock of $500,000.00 in Atlanta, for
he purpose of serving our customers in the quickest possible time.
A successful shoe business is assured every merchant
who handles “Kiser’s King” Shoes. iflf
x fl
Mail Orders Shipped Same Day Received.
Keep Your Stock Sized Up!
M. C. KISER CO. Atlanta, Ga. |
______________ ________ fl
WBBBHBBBBBBIBBII
-< ► <►
I To the Jeff Agents:
Next Contest: March 1 to April 15
♦ FIRST PRIZE SIO.OO
" SECOND PRIZE $5.00 -
«►
G
-
:: GRAND PRIZE $25.00 J
Will be awarded for the largest list of new
subscriptions and renewals to Watson’s
Magazine or to The Jeffersonian sent in
Z between January 6 and April 1 5 • • •
-<► « ►
-<► < ►
-<► «►
TO ALL AGENTS FULL COMMASIIQty MEOWED
<► «►
«► «►
<►
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
«► o
44-4-44»»44-4+4-4-4-444-+4-4-4~M-»»»444-44-44->4-444-4-44-»4-4-4-4-4-1
CANNER: 1910 MODEL “A” ABSOLUTELY UNIFORM
The purest Fruits and Vegetables in the world are Canned this way. in
the Home Canners. Made for the Trucker, Farmer and Gardener. Don’t buy
till you see it, also the Lightning Can Capper. Send for catalogue.
HOME CANNIER COMPANY, HICKORY, NORTH CAROLINA
■■■■lbMMlDiaßlflßHßHflHßnMfikNW 1 MBfl I
Tins machine solves the labor problem to the farmer’s tremendous Ew
|B financial gain. With it, a boy can do the work of six expert hands, and |g33
the implement pays for itself in 3 days’time. It works perfectly in E®
any soil, straight or curved rows, level or hilly. The gear-controlled
discs can be adjusted to any distance;it chops clean, throws grass
and weeds off the row; cultivates the c&u
■ 3 111 rd Mh///* ayS&P**- ground, and the fenders protect the
plant. It runs steadily, and is easily Rra
S I JvZ—/gd attached to sulky. . Fjtfj
FlwMßag as Illustrated matter sent by raturn mail. Write
aJljoi S COTTON CHOPPER CO
■WWral V ATLANTA, GA„ Cept 153 MEMPHIS, TENN.. Dept. 113
PAGE NINETEEN