(Unt Taft sets the eiampteof scorching'
Twice within a fortnight, we have had to
read the story of our Chief Magistrate being
arrested on the highway for violating a speed
Os course, the arresting officers apologized
humbly, profusely, when the identity of the
law-breaker was smilingly disclosed.'
“He cussed the President”, was the merry
headline of a humorous sketch in one of the
New England papers. Beneath the headline,
was the account of how the village black
smith had almost been run down by a big au
tomobile, and how he had sworn at the
scorcher, as the machine flew by. The car
was President Taft's. The blacksmith was
severely chided by his neighbors for his unin
tentional disrespect to the Chief Executive.
And so it goes. Golf, ball games, horse
shows, Yale gala days, boating parties, club
festivities, auto spins, and smiling poses be
fore cameras. After enduring this kind of
thing all summer, we are informed that the
New England levities are to be followed by
an elaborate junket of 13,000 miles, in which
our President will give the people a chance
to look at him, and hear him, as he stands on
the rear platform of a luxurious special, and
defends the damnable Aldrich bill.
“It's enough to make a preacher cuss."
A heartless monopoly, made by the Tariff,
has been starving its workmen, brutally club
bing its workmen, cheating and swindling its
workmen, sending mounted troopers to ruth
lessly ride down the wives and children of its
workmen, maiming and killing its workmen,
—and during the whole grewsome, hideous
Carnival of Crime against humanity and
good government, the Chief Executive didn't
miss a single turn at golf, a single stage in
the daily round of personal pleasure.
A corporation henchman, Ballinger, was
taken into the Cabinet, apparently at the in
stance of the General Electric Power Trust
(J. P. Morgan), and the very first official
thing he did was to throw open to settlement
hundreds of thousands of acres of land that
Pinchot and Roosevelt had withdrawn. Im
mediately after this letting down of the bars,
the Morgan crowd, according to Pinchot,
grabbed the power sites on this land, —power
sites which they had long coveted. Then a
row was raised, and Ballinger withdrew the
land, but the Power Trust had already got
what it wanted.
Pinchot is a wealthy man of the highest
type who is serving his country at a personal
sacrifice and from motives of pure patriot
ism. Ballinger is a doubtful character whose
record is bad, and whose affiliations with
greedy corporations is notorious. Why did
the President put such a man in his Cabinet
at all? And why has he shown no disposi
tion to look into the case that Pinchot pre
sents? Before a great Conservation Congress,
Pinchot denounced Ballinger, and accused
him of allowing the Copper Trust and the
General Electric to grab the 15,808 acres that
cinched the monopoly. The whole country
has rung with the scandal. The issues at
stake are of supreme importance. Not only
are vital interests of the people involved, but
the honor of the administration is at stake.
Why doesn’t Mr. Taft take hold of this situ
ation and straighten things out? Either
Pinchot ought to be fired for bearing false
witness against a fellow-official, or Ballinger
ought to be kicked out for betrayal of trust.
No lid of “silence and division” should be
pressed down on a. scandal of such magni
tude.
Congress increased the pay of the salary of
the successor to “My Policies”. From $50,000
to $75,000 was the upward revision of Mr.
Taft’s little annual stipend,—the increase be
ing made with the explicit understanding
that he would pay his travelling expenses
out of it.
At the following session, his friends se
cured another upward change, and $25,000
□Jeffersonian
for travelling expenses Was added to the
$75,000.
Evidently, we are not paying Mr. Taft
enough. A man who toils and moils as he
does, losing sleep and flesh in the public ser
vice, ought to have a million or so a year.
L«] L«] Lm]
What the Political Parties
Stand for
(1) The Republican Party:
Stands for the old Hamiltonian idea of
copying, as nearly as possible, the English
system. The key to the mystery of Republi
can success is the alliance between the White
House, Wall Street and the Pope.
The aged Italian priest who is the present
Papa of the 12,000,000 Catholics of the Uni
ted States, publicly assured his children last
year that he approved of Mr. Taft, and
Papa’s devoted flock went to Taft on election
day.
As to the President’s cabinet, that is no
toriously a Wall Street selection.
(2) The Democratic Party:
Is the “extra-horse” of the specially favored
Interests. Whenever the Republicans are not
quite able to “deliver the goods” (promised
when the corporations filled the dough-bag),
the Democratic party lends a sufficiency of
votes to turn the trick.
For proofs,—see record of the extra session
which renewed the power of Speaker Can
non, and made a tariff bill under trust dicta
tion. Also record on every important issue
since the Civil War.
(3) The Prohibition Party:
Its distinctive purpose is the prevention of
the manufacture, importation and sale of al
coholic beverages.
(4) The Socialist Party:
The American leaders of this movement
preach one doctrine in cities like Chicago and
New York, and a different doctrine when
talking to country people in Kansas, Okla
homa, Missouri, Texas and Florida.
As I will prove in a series of chapters in
Watson's Magazine, Socialism proposes to
abolish entirely the private ownership of land
and other means of production. Arguing
that our one!-Wife marriage system was estab
lished to perpetuate capitalism, these fanatics
propose''that people shall marry without any
sort of-civil or religious ceremony, and that a
husband and wife shall have the liberty to
abandon one another, and “take up” with a
fresh wife or a fresh husband, whenever eith
er are dissatisfied. This is Free Love, and
Socialism stands for it, as 1 shall prove by
Socialist evidence.
(5) The People’s Party (Populist) :
Stands for the public ownership of all pub
lic utilities, —such as railroads, telegraphs,
telephones, express companies, municipal wa
ter, light and street car systems. Populism
holds the marriage tie sacred, and, denies the
right of the husband to discard his wife when
she has perhaps slaved away her physical at
tractiveness. in. his service. In other words, we
contend that our divorce laws are quite lib
eral enough, and that the 50,000 annual di
vorces of this country prove that “love” is as
free as need be. 7Y tempt the selfish lusts of
men by holding out to them the pernicious
doctrine of Free Love, endangers that beauti
ful principle of self-restraint which is the
conservator of law and order, good morals
and, decent living.
We also recognize the human instinct for
home ownership, and home life. We combat,
as destructive to society and civilization, the
Socialist doctrine of the public ownership of
land and all means of wealth-production.
We stand for the Constitutional money
system of the fathers. We say that all the
money,—no matter what it is made out of, —
is the creature of law, and that every bit of it
should be created by the Government, and is
sued directly to the people; and that every
dollar so created should be the equal of every
other.
We stand for the Income-Tax, for the Ini
tiative, Referendum and Recall: for a Par
cels-post, and the Postal Savings Bank.
We favor the placing of the necessaries of
life on the Free list. He say that it is an
everlasting shame that the enormous incomes
of such men as Hockefellcr. Aforgan, liyan
and ('arnegie should escape Federal taxation,
while the common people are compelled by
the Tariff to pay two prices for clothing,
house supplies, plantation implements and
other things that they are com pelted to hare.
We favor every just demand of labor, —the
eight-hour day in such industries as work
shops, mining, and manufacturing; the aboli
tion of child slavery; the compulsory adop
tion of life-saving inventions, etc. But we
say that when Socialists promise the work
man "'all that he prod aces", they are humbug
ging him. No man, nowadays, can produce
corn, wheat, cotton, shoes, cloth, steel rails,
rope, wire, lumber, etc., without the help of
many others.
The producer should divide with those
whose help he got while producing. hen
we talk of giving him "'all that he produces",
we talk nonsense.
We oppose the national banking system;
the alien ownership of land, and the holding
by railroads and other corporations of vast
areas which are not necessary to their legiti
mate business.
II e declare that the irresistible power of
the Government should not be used to build
up one industry at the expense of another.
We demand the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people.
We demand the withdrawal of the special
privileges which create private monopolies
and trusts. V\ e say that so long as monopoly
privileges remain in private hands, they
should be taxed to the full value of the priv
ileges.
Those are the Populist principles. We
have stood by them without material change
since the Farmers’ Alliance and Knights of
Labor agreed on them at Ocala, Florida,
twenty years ago. If put into effect, those
reforms, yoidfl make our republic, once more,
a .people's country, governed by all the folks
in the interest of all the folks.'
!X S~l
How We Murder Each Other
A private soldier, stationed at barracks
near Atlanta, went to a beer saloon, just out
side the reservation, and tanked up on the
near-booze which is so much like the real
thing. This was against the rules.
Al hen the saloon-keeper cried, “The patrol
is coming!' the soldier gave way to the nat
ural inclination to run. lie ran into the res
ervation, and toward the barracks. His sole
purpose was to escape identification, and the
inevitable confinement in the guard-house for
violation of rules.
He was not making an effort to escape from
the reservation; he was not attempting to
commit any offense, lie simply was trying
to get back to his quarters. But the patrol
ordered him to stop, and he did not stop.
Then the patrol shot to kill, and did kill.
And the worst feature about it is, that the
murder was committed by the command, of
an officer.
This dreadful incident follows close upon
the shocking decision reached in the Sutton
case. In that matter, there was overwhelm
ing evidence (hat several officers had Sutton
down, face to the ground, beating him bru
tally; and there was the testimony of a pri
vate soldier that Sutton was shot; and that
the murderers ordered him, the soldier, to
keep his mouth shut about it.
Yet the military tribunal which re-tried the
(Concluded on Page 12)
PAGE NINE