PAGE SIX
TAEMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
THE FARMERS’ UNION AND THE
, PARCELS POST.
The Farmers’ National Union has declared
with practical unanimity for a parcels post,
and is moving- with customary promptness and
vigor to secure favorable action from the pres
ent congress for a bill introduced to establish
this notable enlargement of the postal service.
The .announcement of this new and powerful
advocate of the parcels post is both interest
ing and important.
The Farmers’ National Union is one of the
greatest and most potential organizations of
any kind in the republic. Its membership
includes nearly 1,800,000 actual farmers, re
siding most largely in the West and South.
The Union prides itself upon two distin
guishing facts:
First, that its membership is confined rigidly
and altogether to the men actually engaged
in farming as their chief vocation; and,
Second, in the resolute refusal of the or
ganization to be used by the politicians or to
engage in political affairs for any other rea
son than to bring about the establishment of
measures in legislation in which farmers as
a class, and as individuals, are really inter
ested.
One of these measures is the parcels post,
and as soon as the National Legislative Com
mittee and the National Union indorsed the
measure the State and district unions have
gone vigorously to work by resolutions to con
gress and the President, and by personal com
mittees waiting upon the senators and repre
sentatives who stand for the several states and
districts. They are losing no time and sparing
no energy to bring to pass the legislation they
desire.
With nearly 1,800,000 American citizens and
voters in one compactly organized and remark
ably harmonious body working earnestly to
geth to one end before the present Congress,
it would seem to be almost a forgone conclu
sion that the parcels post should become a
law before the adjournment of the present na
tional assembly.
The National Rural Mail Carriers have also
by formal resolution committed themselves to
an active indorsement of the measure, the third
assistant postmaster-general is its vigorous ad
vocate, and the President has never given any
evidence of opposition to its passage.
Mr. William R. Hearst, during his recent
term .in congress, introduced a definite bill for
the parcels post, and The American has been
at all times a sincere and active friend of this
great public advantage and convenience to the
people.
President Barrett and the national commit
teemen have so far conducted the Farmers’
Union with signal discretion and energy, and
The American feels disposed to congratulate
them upon the success of many of their sound
popular movements, to which it feels confident
the establishment of a parcels post will soon
be added.
A great non-political organization of actual
farmers, thoroughly sincere, thoroughly united
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and absolutely untouched by political dema
gogues, must of necessity create a large and
beneficent force in the public affairs of the
republic.—N. Y. American.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS W. HARD
WICK, OF GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, Tuesday, Jan
uary 7, 1908.
Mr. Hardwick said:
Mr. Chairman: lam not here to make a pre
pared speech, in the hope that I may either
entertain or instruct you, but there are certain
observations that I now desire to make as to
the state of the country and as to the Vresi
dent’s message, which is so broad that it
covers almost every subject of national inter
est, and as to the state of the country, and
certain particular criticisms as to certain parts
of that message.
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, I believe
that it will now be generally conceded through
out the country that we, at least, have a panic
—a real, widespread Republican panic. It is
an inexcusable panic because cotton, corn, and
wheat have all brought good prices, and the
agricultural and manufacturing interests of
the country have prospered as never before it
the very time when this panic came. It is a
panic caused by tremendous stock-gambling
operations all over the country, and especially
in that great center of such operations, New
York City. The fact that this panic stretches
out from New York to every part of the
country, and from the stock gamblers them
selves to every class of industrious and honest
citizens, is a fact for which the Republican
party is entirely responsible, and from which
responsibility it may not hope to escape. New
York would never have been the industrial
and financial deposit of the republic but for the
reserve-city provisions in our national bank
ing laws, making New York the chief reserve
city of the entire country, and allowing other
national banks in the minor reserve cities,
in which list of cities are included the prin
cipal financial and industrial cities of the re
public, to keep on deposit in New York one
half of their cash reserve fund, and allowing
about 4 1-2 per cent of the cash reserve fund
of all the other national banks in the country
to be kept there. The national bankers can,
by keeping in New" York as much of their re
serve fund as the law allows, obtain either
credit or interest from the New York banks,
and sometimes both. This system makes New
York the great money center of the republic, .
its financial despot, and when New York
sneezes we all must take snuff. The result
is that the suspension of currency payments
in New York has occasioned a like currency
payment by the banks throughout the country,
and the stock gamblers and frenzied financiers
in New York have brought financial disaster
to every part of our country by being unable
or unwilling to turn loose the money that is
so essential to the business of the country,
and which has been banked up there under the
provisions of the law to which I have referred
This law was enacted and is kept in force
by the Republican party, and the responsibility
for it is clearly upon that party.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to ask this
question of my Republican friends: When you
go to the country in the election about to come,
will you say that it is a Roosevelt panic?
Will you say that it is a Roosevelt panic be
cause Mr. Roosevelt has been “Democratic in
spots,” to use the words of a much more dis
tinguished Democrat than myself, or do you
propose to stand by him and say, as you have
been shouting and vociferating for the past
four years, that the Republican party, as well
as Mr. Roosevelt, is responsible for what has
been done? Republican financiers in New
York City, and throughout the country, and
Republican newspapers in New York and in
other states, are now assuming the “safe,
sane, and conservative” pose; they are now
saying that Mr. Roosevelt’s trust baiting, more
deadly than either his “bear baiting,” or his
“wolf hunting,” has caused the panic; they
are saying that persecution of the railroads
and the demagogic arraying of the people
against property interests are responsible for
impaired confidence and the resulting financial
troubles. Only the other day the distinguished
gentleman who so eloquently nominated the
President at your last national convention, re
ferred to him as the “man on the barrel,” ex
horting the crowd to madness and almost to mob
law, and the great Republican newspapers in
New York printed in parallel columns the
eloquent words of ex-Governor Black at the
Republican convention in 1904, and the scorch
ing words of the same distinguished gentle
man before the New Hampshire Bar Associa
tion in 1907.
Now, so far as I may venture to speak for
the Democratic party, I wish to say that we
do not believe that Mr. Roosevelt is respon
sible for this panic; we do not believe that
even his so-called “trust baiting” has caused
it; we do not believe that his prosecution of
the trusts has been wrong; we do not believe
that the requirement that the railroads shall
charge the public only just and reasonable
rates is a mistake. If these policies have ex
posed over-capitalization, if they have wrung
the water out of certain stocks and securities
that have been foisted on an unsuspecting
public, if they have bared robbery, if
they have put an end to, or even lessened,
discriminatory dealings and unjust charges,
then we ought to be glad to submit to any lit
tle temporary flurry which has resulted from
“the turning on of the light.” To use sub
stantially the President’s own figure of speech,
I submit that, if there is a cancer in the body
politic, then the knife of the surgeon must
be fearlessly applied in order to save the life
of the patient, even if the operation is pain
ful. It is far better to submit to the pain of
the operation in order that a sound condition
may be restored than to await certain death
that would come from the disease if the oper
ation were not performed. (Loud applause.)
So-called prosperity is not so dear that we
are willing’ to purchase it at the price of su-