PAGE SIX
TARNERS’ UNION DEPART WENT
STOCK SENSE.
Pigs should have sweet food only when
commencing' to learn to eat.
Every feeder’ should have a separate plaee
for his young stock to feed.
If feed will make the herd better the ben
efit will overbalance the expense.
Good condition is indispensable, if the horse
is to do satisfactory work for his owner.
Ridiculing scientific farming or any intel
ligent, better way of doing things is a cus
tom of the past.
It is as much a mistake to overfeed as un
derfeed. It is a good plan to feed liquids
before solid feed. •
Cattle can not thrive on an exclusive diet.
As large a variety as possible should be
raised and as much of this as possible should
be fed as may meet the necessities of the
stock.
In feeding colts, oats furnish the neces
sary elements for developing bone and mus
cle, bettei’ than any available food.
It is doubtful if any satisfactory solution
of the farm help problem will be found which
does not provide, for an all-the-year-round
job.
The aged farm team, except for the loss of
teeth, so that they may eat anything, are
about as good as ever and should be treated
with due consideration.
Stock seldom or never get sick, without
some local cause. Removing the cause does
not always remove the disease, but it will
prevent the return or its continuance.
Hogs are grazing animals. Rings should
be put into their snouts or their snouts cut
so that they cannot root. They ruin the pas
ture and do little for themselves.
No fowl is safe that eats with hogs. No
one can tell at what moment some one of
them may decide to have chicken for a rel
ish. The more choice the fowl the greater
the risk.
It is a mistake for one inexperienced to
undertake stock feeding unless he intends
to make a study of it, and improve upon his
mistakes. He can not live in town and trust
the feeding to the average hired man. He
will lose feed, and he will lose stock. —Texas
Farmer.
ANARCHY A DISEASE.
That anarchy is a contagious, or infectious
disease, and should be treated like an out
break of yellow fever, is the view of the
administration. Secretary Straus, of the de
partment of commerce and labor, finds that
he has sufficient law to go ahead with an ef
fort to clean out the alien anarchists and
criminals located in the United States. He
has accordingly ordered all commissioners of
immigration and all immigant inspectors to
confer with the police authorities throughout
the country, and to co-operate with them in
discovering and subsequently deporting all
persons who may be classed as anarchists,
and who have entered the United States with
in the last three years. Tn the first place
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the law forbids the entry of any person who
disbelieves in or is opposed to organized gov
ernment, or who is a member of an organi
zation teaching such doctrine, or who advo
cates the assaulting or killing of officers of
the government. But if such persons have
entered the country without a knowledge on
the part of the authorities of their belief, the
law authorizes their deportation to the coun
try from which they came within three years.
The recent anarchistic activity in various
parts of the country has prompted this ef
fort by the department to assist the local
authorities: and it amounts practically to an
order to hunt out and deport this class of
undesirables who have abused the shelter they
have found under the American flag.—Farm
ers’ Advocate.
BUILD WAREHOUSES.
In a letter which appears in this Co-Oper
ator, Hon. Geo. B. Terrell of Alto, Texas,
sounds a note of warning which, if not heed
ed, our great organization will not advance
as it should. He refers to the fact that cot
ton is now being taken from the warehouses
and put upon the market. If we would go
to work and control production, if the gov
ernment report would show a sufficient re
duction, the cotton now being held would sell
for the minimum price, which is now 16 1-2
cents a pound, acording to the scale adopted
at Little Rock last September, and will be
17 1-2 cents a pound when the government
report is in. Co-Operator firmly believes that
if a proper reduction is made, we will sell the
remaining cotton at the minimum last named,
which will be the agreed price for July cot
ton. It pains us to know that a bale of cot
ton must be taken from a warehouse and put
on the market; but we wish ‘to affrm that
whether or not we do all with this crop -we
would like to do, we have turned a disastrous
defeat into a living victory. The best posted
cotton men in all this country now agree
that, if the farmers had not stood behind
their cotton, stubbornly refusing to sell it
last fall and winter, the price would have
gone as low as 7 cents, and it would have
been hard to have ever brought it from it.
Tn fact, if we had lost control of the situa
tion, and the acreage should have been in
creased this year, as many now fear, but as
Co-Operator does not believe, indeed, it
might have been a long time before we could
again have got the price back to its stable
price of 11 cents. With all the evil influences
against us, we have maintained a wonderfully
stable cotton market. It seems that the work
we have done has insured to us at least 11
cents cotton, and a price almost stable. Evi
dently the high prices the latter part of
August and the first few days of September,
were fictitious prices made by market manip
ulators. The fact that we have been able to
hold the price at such a high level, under
all the adverse circumstances, is a victory far
greater than we ever before gained.
The thing now to do, as Brother Terrell
suggests, is to build warehouses, and be ready
for the next crop. If we are to change this
awful system of marketing under which we
have so long lived, we must depend upon our
selves alone. We must take advantage of
every proper means to accomplish this end.
We must own the cotton when it is ready for
the warehouse. We must not sell a bale of
cotton on the streets. It must all be sold
from the warehouse. All who have tried this
plan, even though they failed to realize the
minimum, have been well paid for their
trouble. Cotton must be sold collectively,
not individually, and with the proper arrange
ments for distribution made, which will be
made, as we learn more about the cotton bus
iness, we will successfully sell to the spin
ners direct. Os course, to do this, we must
have men who know the cotton business. We
will soon have them. There are cotton com
panies springing up in most all the Cotton
States. They may be crude affairs at first
but the time will come when they will learn
all about how to find and classify cotton for
the different mills, pnd to sell the cotton to
them direct without the help of any useless
middle-man. It is a complicated affair, but
we must not get discouraged, but hold up the
hands of every man who is honestly trying
to solve this great problem. It will be
solved, and we will have stable, honest prices
established.—National Co-Operator.
ONLY PRELIMINARY.
The 11 stubborn glebe” once more yields to
the plowshare’s winsome glance, and again at
night “the weary plowman homeward plods
his way.” Such thoughts bring up the dream
ing school days, but —well, the old poetic lines
filled a niche in many early lives and made
easier weary tasks.
All is bustle on the farm these days. The
farmer who “took time by the forelock” and
got everything ready in advance is the' one
that can smile while he works now, because
he is not behind.
The manure spreader is a labor saver this
time of the year. Many farm profits are
wrapped up in the by-products, one of the
most important of which is the manure gath
ered in the barn and barnlot. If it is still
there it is the way, and yet there is good
money hid away in it. If you have a manure
spreader it is but a small job so put it exactly
where it will do the most good, and where
you will get the money out of it in the very
next crop.
It would be a pity and a loss to have to
stop the main farm work to repair gates and
fences. There will yet be days when you
can look after such jobs as that without in
terfering with the main work. “Redeem the
time.”
One of the* worst of all the petty annoy
ances on the farm is the summer supply of
fuel, whether it be wood or coal. See to it
that this is laid in early, so that the women
won’t have to “scrape around” for something
to cook with, so that your dinners will not he