PAGE TWELVE
Bryan and the Presidency
(Concluded f rom Page 9)
pretty girl takes another kiss. It’s the fun
niest situation that ever was known.
If Taft breaks the promise he made about
the downward revision of the Tariff (and it
appears to be a sure thing that he will), John
son of Minnesota could beat him out of his
boots next time: but Bryan can’t beat any
body. I thought a notorious fact like that
was well known, even to Democratic editors in
Missouri.
® e a
The Compulsory Education Bill
The Georgia Legislature should not adopt,
without amendment, the bill which compels
parents, guardians and trustees to send chil
dren to school 16 weeks a year.
Some provision should be made for cases
where the parents are too poor to pay the
tribute of the School-book Trust. To make a
criminal out of a man because he is poor, is to
take a long step backward.
Is there not a single member of the Legisla
ture who has the bigness of heart and the
moral courage to make the fight against the
■villainous School-look Trust? Would it be
too revolutionary, unconstitutional, paternal
istic, demagogic, etc., to stand for the princi
ple that the State should furnish text-books,
as well as teachers, —TOOLS, AN WELL AN
WORKMEN?
Then, again, if a parent is unable to keep
paid the incidental dues, imposed by teachers
and school-boards, and thus has his children
thrown out of school, he should not be pun
ished.
The members of the Legislature ought to
know enough about poverty to deter them
from penalizing it. If attendance upon the
free schools is to be made compulsory, MAKE
THE SCHOOLS FREE. The inability to
pay the various local dues and buy the neces
sary books, accounts for a considerable
amount of illiteracy in Georgia,—and perhaps
other states.
Be just, gentlemen, be just. Before making
it a crime for a parent to fail to send his
child to school, remove the obstacles that are
in his way, as far as possible.
I was a school-teacher myself and know the
hardships of the profession, but I think that
there is much to be said, just now, in behalf
of the children. Let us hope that the Legis
lature will deal fairly by all parties.
e a a
The Sugar Trust Thieves
For stealing nine million dollars from you
(for your Government is, collectively, the peo
ple), the high and mighty men of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company have not been
prosecuted. No warrant has been sworn out;
no indictment found. Apparently, the return
of two million dollars of the stolen money
settled the case. Justice, in this Christian
land, deals mildly with the criminals of the
Trusts.
But because of the racket that was kicked
up over the rascally and illegal methods
adopted by the Sugar Trust to put a Philadel
phia rival out of business, the Grand Jury re
turned indictments against Thomas, Parsons,
Seuss, Donner, and other officials of the Trust.
The case is in the Federal Court. Did the
Marshal equip himself with a Bench warrant
and go out to arrest his men? Oh, no, —no,
indeed! The law is most considerate and
courteous in dealing with corporation thieves
and law-breakers. The Sugar Trust gang, ac
companied by their lawyers, walked into
Court, at their leisure and by pre-arranged
appointment, and entered their pleas of Not
Guilty.
That is, some of them did. Others of the
robber band were indisposed, and pleaded by
proxy. At least, the absentees sent word that
3effersonian
they were too ill to come to court, and the
Federal J udge let it go at that.
The prosecuting officer demanded, as usual,
that the defendants enter into bonds, —accord-
ing to invariable and immemorial custom and
practice—but His Honor overruled the mo
tion. “No,” said he, “it is not necessary to
put such gentlemen as these under bond. The
Court has no reason to doubt that they will
reappear, for trial, whenever their presence is
desired.”
One of these high and mighty law-breakers
told the Judge that he had planned a trip to
Europe, previous to the finding of the indict
ment against him, and that he would be sore
ly disappointed if he were not permitted to
take that outing.
His Honor, a vastly polite man and the
pink of perfection in dealing with criminals
of high degree, informed the prisoner that he
was at liberty to proceed to Europe, at his
pleasure.
The Judge couldn't think of interfering
captiously with plans already made: the trial
could wait, —the trip to Europe was entitled
to precedence, because it had been formed, in
good faith, previous to the action of the
Grand Jury.
You who read this will think I am joking,
or exaggerating. Not at all. lam giving you
the actual, astonishing, disgraceful facts.
It all happened in New York last week.
Judge Hand, an appointee of President Taft,
released the “prisoners” in the Sugar Trust
cases without even requiring that they sign
their own bonds. No bonds whatever were
given. Hie indicted men had never been put
under arrest. Not for one minute were they
real prisoners. And one of them, Kissell, was
given permission by Judge Hand to carry out
his intention of touring Europe.
With the Judge who is to try the case dis
playing that shameful complaisance to the in
dicted millionaires, how can you expect the
trial to be anything but a farce?
It et some of those who are in authority over
us seem grieved and surprised to learn that
the people have lost confidence in the courts!
■ KB
2 wo Items That Look Alike
Fleeing before some Dutch soldiers, thirty
one Achinese took refuge in a cavern. Among
the wretched fugitives were women and chil
dren, as well as men. The Dutch pursuers
came to the mouth of the cave, built a fire
there, piled on green limbs and brush to make
a dense smoke, and thus exterminated the
Achinese. The last man, woman and child
of the party was smothered to death.
Almost at the same time, a squad of our
troops, in the ever-blessed Philippines, chased
a band of natives to a hole in the ground, and
killed out the whole business.
The white Christians who did the slaugh
tering m these two cases excused themselves
for their cruelty by giving hard names to the
deceased.
The Dutch claim that the natives whom
they smoked to death -were pirates. Women
pirates and children pirates are something of
a novelty, and land pirates who occupy cav
erns are uncommon: but the Dutch soldiers
accuse the deceased of being outlaws, and the
deceased are too dead to deny it.
In the Philippines, where we never had any
business to go, we have been butchering quite
a number of different gangs of the natives
whom God put there, and in each instance we
soothe the conscience of Christendom by say
ing that the deceased were robbers, murder
ers, etc.
What hard names the Filipinos would give
to us, if they had the floor, you can readily
guess. So far as you and I know, the Moro
chief whose entire band was massacred on
July 4th, which we celebrate as the day on
which we struck for the principle of Home
Rule and Independence, may not have been
any more of a robber, murderer and outlaw
than was William Wallace, the national hero
of old Scotland, —whom an English King
most cruelly put to death for fighting and
killing the invaders of his country.
® IS ®
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
When It comes to the manners of the Senators
the country is heartily in favor of revision up
ward. —W. Mansfield, Ohio, Enterprise.
Quite true.
If there is anything that needs a revision it
is the present Senate.
And a revision of Senators, is a revision
that the people must make before they can
expect any relief from the Aldrich gang.
S ® E
The Tobacco Trust’s agents are trying to
create the impression that the proposed in
creased tax on tobacco will make the consumer
pay more for his goods, but such is not the
case.
Once before we have explained how the To
bacco Trust had robbed the consumer out of
millions since the Spanish-American War.
When the war revenue tax was placed on
tobacco, Congress agreed to let the size of the
package of tobacco be decreased enough to
pay the increase of cost made necessary by the
revenue tax.
In other words, for the convenience of the
consumer, the five-cent package of tobacco
still sold for five cents, but it did not have the
same amount of tobacco in it that it had be
fore the tax was levied.
It was short in weight the amount of the
revenue levied on it.
When the war tax was repealed, the size of
the package was not changed. It is now what
it was when the war tax was being paid on it.
While the Tobacco Trust has been paying
the Government no war tax, the consumer has
been paying the Trust the war tax just the
same.
In this way the Tobacco Trust has robbed
the consumer of millions of dollars in the past
few years.
Now we come to the point.
The increased tax on tobacco only means
that the ’Tobacco Trust pay to the Govern
ment the war tax which it is collecting from
the consumer.
It means that the war tax which the Tobac
co Trust is now collecting shall go to help pay
the expense of running the Government in
stead of into the pockets of the Tobacco Trust
officials.
® §1 ®
The Senate has passed that part of the tariff
bill which submits the question of an income
tax to the several States.
This puts it in the shape of an amendment
to the Constitution.
The amendment providing for the submis
sion of the question for ratification to state
conventions rather than by legislatures was
defeated.
This, of course, was a victory for the anti
income taxers.
Delegates to a convention would be sent
there for or against the amendment and not
one would dare vote contrary to his instruc
tions.
Legislatures are different.
Many Legislators will not be instructed,
and there is no telling how they will vote.
Then, too, the interests opposing the in
come tax seem to be good judges, when it
comes to picking agents who know how to
“work” legislatures.
So the only thing for the people to do is to
instruct the, Legislators, and let the instruc
tions be plain. »
Make your instructions to your Legislator
as plain as you would those of your delegate J
to a convention, and if he fails to carry them \
out, give him the same treatment when he
gets home that you would give your delegate
to the convention who had betrayed his sacred
trust.