good land on shade, ornamental and fruit
trees—need every foot of soil for cotton.
If the price reaches twenty cents, I tremble
for the wide piazzas of the dwelling, and the
spreading sheds around the cribs and barns,
. for there will be a tendency to plant right up
to doors,* windows and chimney corners.
Os course, that would mean a bumper crop,
again; and another agony of low-price cot
ton. The freezes which we have had make
it practically certain that the crop of 1910,
on the same acreage as in 1909, will be very
much larger; and consequently it is all the
more to be regretted that the Wall Street
gamblers should., encourage the farmers to
glut the market by planting everything in
cotton.
Do all that you can to get our people to see
this. In every possible way, discourage the
planting of all-out-of-doors in cotton.
It took no prophet to predict a possible
slump in prices, as The Jeffersonian did a
month or so ago. Anybody could see that a
Wall Street game was on. Nobody could tell
which w 7 ould win, the bulls or the bears. But
I hated to see our people take part in it, and
hence my warning. There are lots of the
“stung”, who are sorry they wouldn’t listen.
How much do you suppose the South lost,
on that drop of nearly $15.00 per bale? We
were hit for untold millions. Where did the
money go? To Wall Street.
Taken as a section, I shouldn’t wonder if
the Cotton Belt did not lose every dollar that
was made on the advance from twelve to fif
teen cents.
In other words, the Southern lambs were
sheared of all their surplus wool.
Poor sheep! They never learn anything.
They bleat a good deal, but Wall Street gets
the wool, all the same.
What Say You, Dr. Lovett, Bell
and Graham, W. D. Upshaw!
Are You Violating the Law?
A weekly paper may legally continue go
ing to a subscriber four months, after his time
has expired. Beyond that, it is a violation of
the law to send the paper.
Are Dr. W. C. Lovett and his Wesleyan
Christian Advocate obeying the law? If not,
why not ? My information is, that Dr. Lovett
pays no attention whatever to the law. When
the Advocate starts to coming, they say you
can’t get it stopped, hardly. They say it is a
come-to-stay visitor, and never knows when
it has worn out its welcome. A man, in a mo
ment of mental delusion, hands in his two
dollars, and the Advocate begins to arrive.
At the end of the year, he has had a bellyful,
and wants the Advocate to ring off. But it
doesn’t. It continues to come. Nothing can
stop it. All the following year, and the next,
and the next, the Advocate keeps on a-com
ing. At least, that’s what I hear.
Is it so, Dr. Lovett? Are you a ruthless
law-smasher ?
Are you one of the publishers who have
been loading the cars with illegal mail— thus
adding to the spoil of the railroads, AND TO
THE'POSTAL DEFICIT?
It is a fair question, Dr. Lovett. If you
have been slandered in this matter, The Jef
fersonian wants to set you right.
But if you are violating the laws of the
land, to keep up a fictitious circulation, AND
THUS HOLD YOUR ADVERTISING
PATRONAGE, the people are entitled to a
knowledge of the facts.
The same questions are hereby asked of the
arrogant high-steppers who run The Chris
tian Index.
Are you violating the law, Messrs. Bell and
Graham ?
And you of the Coca-Cola advertisements
—yon Mr. W. D. Upshaw: are you obeying
the law, or violating it?
ANSWER, GENTLEMEN! The people
have a right to know whether you are con
ducting your religious papers in a lawful
way, or not.
P. S.—With the last Jeffersonian to
which the subscriber is entitled, goes the no
tice, “Your subscription expires with this is
sue.” We send two issues afterwards, to al
low ample opportunity for renewal. If the
renewal does not reach us within those two
weeks, we assume that the paper is not want
ed any longer, and we stop it. Consequently,
The Jeffersonian has the livest subscription
list of any weekly paper published in the
South.
Emmett R. Shaw’s National Plat
form
“AGAINST The tariff system as a system.
“AGAINST Immigration.
“AGAINST The large Navy and Army.
“AGAINST The waste of public funds.
“AGAINST The gambling machine known as
the Cotton Exchange which is run for the pro
tected manufacturers and speculators and against
the farmer.
“AGAINST A Central Bank run by capitalists
who propose to use Uncle Sam as an endorser.
“FOR Greenbacks, the money of our- fathers,
and not afraid of a cheap dollar if it will PAY
TAXES, RAISE A MORTGAGE OR KILL A
DEBT.
“FOR An Income Tax plus an inheritance tax,
to raise revenue to run the Government and float
our navies and keep up our armies.
“FOR FREE TRADE.
“FOR THE ABOLITION OF ALL WHEELS
WITHIN WHEELS.
“FOR A Congressman who will fight forever
uncompromisingly, and who will come back to his
district as uncompromised tas while in the cam
paign.
“FOR ANDERSON RODENBERRY.”
That's Emmett’s whoop. To which we add
our screech. Mighty good platform, and
two strong men standing on it. There is a
good deal in Emmett Shaw —much energy,
enthusiasm and earnestness of purpose. His
weekly paper (Blade and Bludgeon, Fort
Gaines, Georgia,) is “shore” a live one, as the
Royston, (Georgia) Record is. And while
The Jeffersonian has no desire to dictate to
any one, we can’t help saying that Roden
berry would make a true and active Repre
— sentative in Congress.
Answering Some Questions
Dear Mr. Watson: —We admire and indorse
your views upon Foreign Missions. We think you
are doing a great work. But don’t you think you
are a little too hard on Duckworth, Lee and Bo
denhamer? Aren’t you afraid that you will cause
a friction in the Union, thereby causing an injury
that will be irreparable? Don’t you think an
investigative committee of the Union able to find
all the flaws that are likely to present themselves?
Again, don’t you think you are asking too much
when you ask these fellows to meet you openly
to discuss your charges? Don’t you know such a
discussion would necessitate an explanation of
some of the secrets of the order? And don’t you
know that can not be done in public? Don’t you
think you made a mistake when you failed to
meet Broughton and Ellis to discuss Missions?
They are abler men than Lee, Duckworth or Bo
denhamer. So then, if it should be a condescen
sion to you to discuss Missions with these men,
then why are you so eager to discuss Unionism
with such insignificant fellows as Duck, Lee and
Bode?
Don’t you think you made a mistake when you
criticised John Lee’s appearance? He is as God
made him. You said Hoke Smith did wrong
when he criticised Joe Brown’s appearance.
Please publish this in The Jeffersonian, also
answer through same.
You have a host of friends up here, that have
a lot of confidence in you.
Yours respectfully, L. R.
Lavonia, Ga., January 20, 1910.
P. S. —Please sign my name in The Jefferson
ian L. R.
ANSWERS.
Isn’t it a little bit unequal and, therefore,
unfair, that my questioner should not be will
ing for you to know who he is? Neverthe
less, his inquiries shall be answered.
(1) How was it “hard on Duckworth” to
C>be Jeffersonian
expose his conduct in the Galveston Conven -
tion? Would you Georgia members of the
Union ever have known anything about it, if
The Jeffersonian had not given you the
facts? Why should any member of the
Farmers' Union desire to be kept in the dark?
It would be very strange, indeed, if none of
the leaders ever made mistakes, or went
astray. You ought to thank me for keeping
you posted.
Duckworth has now got back to the right
position on that Merchant-Marine-Ship-Sub
sidy business; and I'm not paying any more
attention to him, just at present.
He is yoked up with Hon. Sam Gompers
on the Pearre bill, and some other things,
equally dangerous to our farmers; but until
he shows his hand, I've nothing more to say.
The Union has been put on notice: the boys
understand the Gompers plan and its perils;
and Duck will go mighty slow in attempting
to keep that pact with Bro. Gompers.
I, myself, am heartily in accord w 7 ith Presi
dent Gompers in his war on the Steel Trust,
on Child Slavery, and the butcheries of the
corporations; but he is wrong on those other
matters.
(2) Have not been “too hard on Lee".
John has been a guest at my house on three
different occasions. He has broken bread
with me—has eaten my salt. Our relations
w’ere confidential. I kept nothing from him;
and he, apparently was equally frank with
me. The last time he w 7 as here, he volun
tarily said, in substance, “I am going to keep
in touch with you; and am going to advise
with you, whenever a question of policy is in
doubt." I told him to feel free to call on me,
at any time, and promised him cordial sup
port. As w’e walked to the street entrance to
the grounds, I said to him,
“You tell Duckworth to keep up the agri
cultural end of it, and I will attend to the po
litical issues; and our two papers will do
great things for the people.'’
Bless my life! The very next thing I knew,
Duck was in Texas making “an enthusiastic
speech” for the Ship Subsidy resolutions; and
was giving three pages of his paper to a mis
leading article, on the same line. And when
I opened up a fusillade on Duck, because of
this outrageous attempt to betray the farm
ers, who should come into the ring but John
Lee ? Without calling me over the telephone,
or writing me a letter demanding my author
ity, and without making the slightest investi
gation on his own hook, he began to write
letters alluding to my charges as “Watson’s
lies”. Not only that, he began to dish out
falsehoods by -wholesale, in defense of Duck-
w 7 orth, Boodlehunter, and that bank-wrecking
Atlanta lawyer.
I had not attacked John Lee—had no idea
of doing such a thing. My purpose was to
keep faith with him. He broke his word to
me, and has been doing all he could, “behind
closed doors”, to deceive his brethren of the
Union.
(3) Have not been “too hard on Boden
hamer”. Without any just cause, whatever,
he practically boycotted us when he became
Duck’s business manager. More than that,
he printed an attack on me in Duck’s paper.
Still, I did nothing. It was not until after he
had twice told a member of our staff about
that secret midnight conference in Birming
ham, that we began to show up the true in
wardness of Bode’s relations to the Union.
He is not eligible to membership, and it is a
mystery how 7 he got into the Farmers’ ex
clusive organization. It is likewise mysteri
ous that they hang on to him, when they all
know 7 that his presence in the Union is a vio
lation of its constitution.
Could one of you farmers join Bode's
Typographical Union? No—you couldn’t.
Why, then, does this printer remain in your
Union? If he had any true pride and seIf
(CONTINUED ON PAGE TW 7 ELVE)
PAGE NINE