PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
IMPORTANCE OF TARIFF
REFORM.
There is a large element of voters
in each party that does not agree with
Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Bryan that the
tariff should be subordinated to cor
poration correction. The allopathic
principle of cutting out disease is held
by many in the tariff discussion. It
is contended that if the duties were
reduced so as to afford no protection
to monopoly it could not exist; then
the trust evils of high prices would
automatically cease to be. Two birds
would be killed with one stone and
we should all live happily ever after
ward. There is more than an inkling
of truth in this proposition. The
gigantic offsprings of mamma tariff
are mere creations of bloatedness,
after all. They are like huge balloons
that are powerful when kept supplied
witli elastic fluid, but would collapse
if deprived of it. Tariff reform, it
would'seem, not only would stop the
prolific reproduction of trusts, but
would reprive those already existing
of their power to oppress the con
sumer. It is an issue that has great
public support. It can not be avoided
this year even. —Woonsocket (R. I.)
Call.
A HAUNTING RESEMBLANCE.
It begins to look as if in their cruel
attacks on each other Mr. Bryan and
Mr. Roosevelt were seeking to em
phasize the similarity between them
far more than they ever did in the
days of their loving kindness.
Mr. Bryan begins the good work
by pointing out, as an act of friend
ship, Mr. Roosevelt’s proud possession
of T. Coleman Du Pont.
Mr. Roosevelt, generously refusing
to monopolize this issue, refers with
a colleague’s pride to Mr. Bryan’s
ownership of C. N. Haskell.
Thereupon Mr. Roosevelt and Mr.
Bryan annihilate respectively and
identically Messrs. Du Pont and
Haskell. ’
Mr. Roosevelt then tenderly in
sinuates the influence back of Mr.
Bryan of Standard Oil.
Mr. Biyan, altruistically waiving all
patent rights, credits Mr. Roosevelt
with Steel Trust favors bestowed and
reciprocated.
Mr. Bryan then pays Mr. Roosevelt
the tribute of recalling how the Presi
dent fried the fat off Mr. Harriman
in 1904.
Mr. Roosevelt charitably shares the
soft impeachment by calling to mind
how Mr. Bryan was succored by
silver-mine owners in 1596.
The current of events seems to be
demonstrating such a family resem
blance between Mr. Roosevelt and Mr.
Bryan in all these significant little
subconscious traits that it may go far
toward establishing the justice of Mr.
Bryan’s claim as Mr. Roosevelt’s
heir. —New York World.
THE OILY-TONGU2D. .
As if Foraker’s punishment was not
sufficient wihout a defense by Chan
cellor Day!—Baltimore American.
THE CURRENCY QUESTION.
National bank currency is issued
by the government. It is receivable
by the government for public lands
and internal revenue taxes, and is
legal tender for dues by the govern
ment except bonds and interest there
on. The government binds itself to
redeem the national bank currency in
lawful money on demand. Now the
receivability, legal tender to and from
the government and redeemability by
the government in lawful money,
make national bank currency good for
its face value at all times. As these
laws make the national bank currency
good, why are the national banks
required to deposit bonds with the
governmen when they get this cur
rency? The answer is to secure the
loan, not to secure the value of the
money—that is already secured by the
law. The issuance of money to the
banks is a loan to them and nothing
else. For this loan they pay one-half
of one per cent, for the over six hun
dred million dollars they now have,
and under the law the government
must continue to make new money and
loan it to them at one-half of one per
cent., if they ask it and offer govern
ment bonds as security. This is the
law as it has been for forty-five
years, except until eight years ago
the banks paid one per cent, interest,
while now they pay only one-half one
per cent. —Missouri World.
Colleges with Standard oil endow
ments must especially enjoy the For
aker disclosures. Instruction to the
classes in civics and ethics should
become particularly valuable from
this clearer knowledge afforded that
the costs of the same come from a
fund based upon the systematic
pollution of American public life. —
Springfield (Mass.) Rep.
EXTRACTS FROM ARTICLE BY
P. H. LAREY, IN THE MIS
SOURI WORLD.
The American citizen who has the
“intelligence to understand his rights
and the spirit to maintain them,”
should step up to the polls next No
vember and cast his ballot for Tubs.
E. Watson of Georgia for President
and Samuel W. Williams of Indiana
for Vice president. To the man who
is loyal to the spirit of ’76, whose pat
riotism lifts him above partisan influ
ence, whose resolve is to defend the
heritage of his fathers, the sanctity of
his home, this appeal cannot be in
vain. For those who prove loyal to>
convictions of duty, the dictates of
conscience, regardless of past party
affiliation, there is in store, in the
near future, the grandest triumph of'
the ages, the triumph of a govern
ment of “equal and exact justice to'
all men before the law,” a triumph
of political wisdom, truth and civic
righteousness that will exalt the na
tion to a pinnacle of moral grandeur,
in whose effulgence the martial glory
of the past will pale into insignifi
cance. The victory of the sword is
Jeffersonian
stained w’ith blood and bathed in
tears. The victory of peace is a ben
ediction that flows from the throne
of Grace, pouring light and life into
the bosom of humanity, filling the
heart with joy, and putting a new
song in our mouths —gratitude and
praise to the “Author of every good
and perfect gift.”
If, as a nation, we would attain
to and maintain that lofty standard
of progressive civilization, progressive
freedom of opportunity, summed up
in “equal rights to all; special privi
leges to none,” the full realization
and unqualified enjoyment of civil
liberty and civic righteousness, we
must, as citizens, recognize' our res
ponsibility, and utilize the means
and the power vested in our hands
as the guardian of a priceless heri
tage.
For a consummation desired by ev
ery honest, every intelligent citizen,
of course, every such citizen is, in
duty bound, to work and vote. What
ever may be the occasion, whatever
the necessity, the call of duty is the
deepest, the broadest, the highest de
mand issuing from Heaven’s impe
rial court, and its conscientious,
faithful performance guarantees a
compensation commensurate with the
majesty and power of its origin.
We fear no foreign foe. When the
Maine went down in the harbor at
Havana the combined spirit and valor
of the sons of the Blue and the Gray,
marching shoulder to shoulder under
the star spangled banner, and driving
the ruthless Spaniard from Cuba’s
shores, demonstrated our ability to
cope with any hostile power on the
globe.
The danger we mostly fear is with
in our own borders, within our lines,
around our camp fires, stealing our
arms and munitions of war, and con
fiscating our provisions, destroying
our avenues of support and subsist
ence, our means of resistance; in a
word, binding us hand and foot.
The oligarchy of Wall Street, an
incorporated, composite organism of
gamblers, swindlers, pirates, thieves,
spawns of political mendacity and
monstrosity; financial greed, com
mercial hypocrisy, moral depravity
and social debauchery—the legitimate
progeny of intrigue, conspiracy, and
toryism, promoted and protected by
vicious laws made by venal legisla
tion. Through the bestowal of spe
cial privileges your servants have en
throned them as your masters and
they and their proselytes and merce
naries, remorseless as ravenous beasts
of the jungle, are going to and fro in
the land seeking “whom they may
devour.” The productions of brain
and brawn, the substance of toiling
millions become the prey of their
lecherous hands. With this predatory
wealth stolen from the fields of
labor —the marts of industry—they
purchase splendid mansions, erect
regal palaces, in whose sumptuous
halls they and their satellites and
dupes revel in prodigal luxuries and
licentiousness, steeping bodies and
•souls in atrocious sin and crime and
shame that astound mankind and
shock high heaven.
And here, my countrymen, is the
great peril—the impending danger—
the historical precursor of social dis
order and national ruin. Here is the
virulent cancer in the body politic
gnawing vigorously, incessantly, at
its vitals. In a case so critical, a
case of life and death, the wise, skill
ful surgeon applies, unhesitatingly,
his heroic remedy —the knife. The
heroic remedy of the people is—the
ballot.
At Atlanta, Ga., July 9th, Thomas
E. Watson, the patriot-statesman, the
man without guile, the friend of la
bor, the stern advocate of popular
reform, unfurled the banner of Pop
ulism, and throughout the presiden
tial campaign it will float defiantly in
the face of the republic’s enemies at
home and abroad. He will call a
spade a spade and a diamond a
diamond. His throne —the cause of
humanity, the rights of the people,
the elevation of his race. The leaders
of the old party organizations held
together by the “cohesive power of
public plunder,” will sweat and
squirm and gnash their teeth, but,
whatsoever the conclusion may be,
whether victory or defeat, Watson
and Williams, poised in the faith of
a just cause, and ennobled by the
rectitude of high endeavor, will
remain calm and serene to the end.
However, should the rising tide of
public opinion, indignant at the mal
practice and maladministration of
government and laws, assume suffi
cient volume to bear them into the
office of president and vice president,
there will certainly and surely issue
from the federal capital another proc
lamation of emancipation—emanci
pation worthy of a proud and peerless
republic of the Anglo-Saxon race, the
emancipation of industrial slaves, the
emancipation of America from bond
age to financial kings, the promulga
tion of another national holiday, the
Jublee of Freemen, a revelaton to
the world, an epoch in ■ the book of
Time.
Is not such achievement, resplend
ent with blessings, worthy of all ef
fort? Would we possess it? Would
we hold it as the birthright of free
men, the dower to America? Would
we cling to it as Luther clung to his
convictions? As Sidney clung to his
faith? Would we clasp it to our bo
som as Rchard Coeur de Lon clasp
ed to his soul the heart of Bruce as
an inspiration to matchless deeds of
valor for possession of the Holy Sep
ulchre? Would we prize it as Wash
ington prized truth, as Lafayette
prized honor, as Warren prized coun
try, as Lee prized duty, as Grant priz
ed his word? If so, prepare for self
immolation, or self-exaction, as fate
or fortune may decree. What matters
it, if we are true to duty, whether we
suffer in Gethsemane or regale our
body and soul in Eden bowers? God,
the judge of motive and performance,
holds the equation of merit and re
ward. Therefore, eternal vigilance
should be our motto, truth, justice
virtue, liberty, our shibboleth; action
—noble, heroic, sublime, godlike ac
tion —our herald of hope and promise,
our harbinger of triumph and reward.