sented, of course, and you will soon be wear-1
ing a brand new mortgage of $98,000,000.
This comfortable sum, added to the measly
$36,000,000, w 7 ill bring the free deposits of
The Pets up to $134,000,000.
To that amount, The Pets will be getting
the use of your money, without interest. If
you can put up some gilt-edge collateral, and
a sweet, propitiary expression of counte
nance, you may be able to borrow some of your
own money, at <8 per cent, discount. But you
must be very careful and nice in making ap
plication for the loan. And don’t fail to
gratefully and profusely thank the gentle
men who consent to let you have the use of
some of your own money.
P- S. — In Sweden, the Government lends
the people's money TO THE PEOPLE, DI
RECTLY, AT THREE PER CENT. IN
TEREST. Sweden’s farmers are prosperous.
But that’s neither here nor there.
Pinchot for President
Once upon a time, there was a Governor
who had a Good Opinion of himself. He was
a very Large and Beautiful Creature; and the
way in which he looked upon men who were
not so Big and so Pulchritudinous as himself
seemed to say,
“I am Awfully Sorry for you, but it can’t
be helped: such is life.”
Now, it came to pass that this Governor
waxed wroth at, and against a Small Man,
who held a position under him, the Big One.
So great and uncontrollable was the Wrath
of the Governor that he Smote the Little Fel
low, furiously— catapulting him, indeed,
(with a Loud Noise,) out of his Said Office.
Whereupon, the people marvelled greatly,
and murmured.
And it came to pass that the popular mur
mur grew into a clamor, and the clamor into
an uproar, and the uproar into a thunder
storm. And after it was over with, the Small
Man was seen sitting in the Seats of the
Mighty; while the Big and Beautiful One
was standing on the outside, wearing a dis
satisfied and puzzled expression of counte
nance, as who should say,—
don't know how he done it; but he done
UP
That happened in Georgia, you know; and
A'hc Hoke Smith derelicts still carry a rem
nant of their looks of bewilderment, natural
in such cases.
Now, as to our Large and Handsome Presi
dent hasn’t he gone and done something
similar to what the Governor did? Has he
not kicked out Pinchot, in about the same
way that Joe Brown was fired?
It looks so tp me.
In this matter, the people are dead set
against Ballinger, Wickersham and Taft.
The masses, whose national heritage (w r orth
billions) Pinchot has been defending from
Mr. Watson and The Jeffersonian
A few years ago when Hon. T. E.
Watson announced that he would
publish two papers, one a weekly
and the other a monthly, nearly
everybody predicted failure. For a
time it did look like the Magazine
could not live. The Weekly soon
seemed to get on a paying basis.
’Twas said that Mr. Watson sunk
many thousand dollars on the Maga
zine before it got on a paying basis.
Now, the tide has turned for both
Jeffersonians, and ’tis said that the
demand for Mr. Watson’s publica
tions is so great that they can hardly
supply the demand. Mr. Watson
certainly improves with age as a
writer. We uged to think way back
in the days of Populism that he was
the strongest writer in the whole
country, but his writings now, com
pared with his writings then, is like
comparing a giant with a pigmy. For
the last year or two Mr. Watson has
written with matchless brilliancy,
ability and power. Every page of
the spoilers, are heart and soul with the fear
less, capable and incorruptible ex-Chief For
ester.
If his friends will enter him for the Presi
dential nomination, HE WILL BE OCR
NEXT PRESIDENT.
Another Fearless Editor
In Frederickstown, Missouri, lives and
works E. L. Purcell, w 7 ho gets out a paper
named The Democrat News. Brother Purcell
is a far braver, j uster man than Dr. W. C.
Lovett, of The Wesleyan Christian Advo
cate; or Bell, or Graham, of The Christian
Index.
The sectarian editors allow me assailed in
their religious papers, wherein my position
is misrepresented. But they refuse to permit
me to defend myself from these assaults.
They are afraid for their duped, readers to
see both sides.
But Editor Purcell is fairer to me than
that. He prints the Towson attack; but he
follows it with one of my statements.
i Thank you, Mr. Purcell. YOU evidently
: possess the instincts of a gentleman.
j -
“ Thrown Out by Negroes ”
“It was a big room. Several negroes were saw
ing on fiddles, and there was a lot of noise. I saw
about twenty-five or thirty white men and women
among the colored people. Before I had a chance
, to look around, two men seized me by the coat
collar and around my hips, and rushed me to the
window. They threw me two stories to the
ground. I complained- to a policeman. He said
he could not go in the place. I told him whisky
, was being sold in the place. He said he knew it,
but dared not go in the place alone.”
1 The above is a portion of a story of his ad
ventures given to the Washington (D. C.)
Herald by a detective. The incident hap
pened in Philadelphia. In every large city
of this country there are dives where no sane
policeman would dare to go alone. Yet the
bellyache about the heathen seems to be
1 growing more acute. One of the slogans
adopted by the missionaries is, the
heathen a square deal!''
Incidentally, thousands of nice new 7 fat
jobs are being created for the mission work
ers.
Please Ponder on This
The wealthy Northern philanthropists are
concentrating their attention and their dona
tions on the Southern negro. The Rocke
feller Educational Trust, w T ith its $50,000,000
endowment, is fully as dangerous to our fu
ture as Bishop Candler says it is. The Car
negies and Ogdens have simply gone daft on
negro education, and social equality.
Facing perils of that magnitude, what
ought we to be doing? We should be strain
ing every nerve, and devoting every dollar
his papers fairly scintillates with bril
liant thoughts presented with irre
sistable force. He is now writing ar
ticles that will enroll his name on
the scroll of fame, long after those
designing politicians who thwarted
his political ambitions have been for
gotten. Mr. Watson has written his
tories the equal, if not the superior,
of any the world has ever produced.
His little classics like “Planting
Corn,” “Dream Babies,” “An October
Day,” “Not Quite,” and “The Vul
ture,” will live as long as the Eng
lish language endures. His political
theories will yet preserve and rule
this great nation. And, after all,
isn’t it better to live forever in story
and song, among the few immortals,
than to receive the fleeting glory of
the world’s applause while in life?
Mr. Watson is now nearing the west
ern slope of life, and has but few
more years to enlighten and bless
the world. He has seen many de
feats and disappointments.
Let us hope that he will be spared
Jeffersonian
many, many years and that they will
be spent in the great work he is do
ing now, and that he, himself, may
be made to know that he has not
lived in. vain.—Royston Record.
DO YOU KNOW
That in buying a sewing machine
from an agent or dealer you are pay
ing just about three large profits
when by buying from us you need
pay only one? Many people never
realize this and continue paying
these profits—first there’s the fac
tory, next the jobber and then the
retailer.
Now we know the value of a sew
ing machine and we sell you only one
reasonable profit added to the cost of
making—this is easy, as we sell only
to user direct. Any one of the three
profits mentioned above is larger
than ours and yet we give you a ma
chine with just as many good points
—one that will give you complete
satisfaction, and it will last as long
that we can spare, to the mental, moral and
material uplift of the destitute and backward
whites of our own section.
But are we doing so? Not at all. We are
scattering our money and our workers all
over the universe, neglecting our own nation
al household, in the mad, misdirected and ut
terly hopeless task of driving illiteracy, and
other religions, out of foreign countries.
The white people of this country need every
bit of their strength, to cope with home con
ditions. Ihe negroes, the immigrants, the
white-slavers, the organized criminals, the
grafters, high and low 7 , are a deadly menace.
But we are enthusiastically weakening our
selves, at the very time when we should be
conserving the whole of our national vitality.
Suppose that Jeffries should call for leeches
bleed him, just before stepping into the
ring to fight lack Johnson: everybody w’ould
think he had lost his mind, wouldn't they?
Well, on a grand, tragical national scale,
that is just what we white people are doing.
Can’t you see it?
L
Don t You Think It a Shame?
The statement of the United States Treas
ury, for January 18, 1910, is out.
It shows, as usual, that $150,000,000 of idle
gold lies there in the vaults.
What excuse is given for hoarding that
enormous sum of money, and denying the
people the use of it I
The pretense is that the gold ($150,000,-
000) is held for the redemption of
$346,681,016 of Greenbacks, and
$3,915,000 of Treasury Notes of
1890.
Now listen:
The law of 1890 expressly provides that
those silver notes of 1890 shall be redeemed
in silver dollars!
As to the Greenbacks, the law 7 is that, when
one of the Notes is redeemed, another shall be
issued, immediately! So you see there is no
such thing legally possible as the redemption
of the $31,6,681,016 of Greenbacks!
Consequently, the huge bulk of idle gold
serves no lawful purpose whatsoever.
It does serve an unlawful purpose.
IT RETIRES ONE HUNDRED AND
FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS OF THE
PEOPLE'S GOLD FROM COMPETI
TION WITH MORGAN'S MONEY
TRUST.
- And that is why the “Gold Reserve” is
maintained. Ever since Cleveland’s second
election, the United, States Treasury has been
a. bran ch-bank of the Morgan system.
Isn’t it strange that none of your Con
gressmen have caught on to this? '
Even the energetic and dauntless La Fol
lette has never attacked “the system”
THERE.
or longer than the one with three
profits added to factory cost.
We offer you a machine that is
strictly high-class and guaranteed
ten years. For $13.85 we ship this
machine freight prepaid. (This
freight item is a big saving.) It is
heavily built of good, dependable
material, handsomely finished and
with good care it should last a life
time. It has a five-drawer cabinet
with oak drop leaf. With each ma
chine we send a complete set of at
tachments with full instructions for
use. We want to gain your confi
dence and to prove to you that this
machine is all we represent it to be;
we will ship it on ninety days’ trial
and it won’t cost you a cent unless
it is absolutely satisfactory. Just
write to Department F, Malsby,
Shipp & Co., 41 So. Forsyth St., At
lanta, Ga. Mention w r here you read
this article.
Jeffersonian agents make good
money. Write to us at Thomson, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN