PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
Senator Cummings, of lowa, insurgent Re
publican, introduced an act for radical
Doings in
Congress.
. • X C 5
tigation of all corporations do
ing interstate commerce business, to find out
to what extent the Sherman law is being
evaded or violated. Senator Newlands in
troduced a bill for the national incorporation
of all railroads and navigation lines engaged
in interstate and foreign commerce. Both
bills are radical and voice the desire of the
country for some sort of relief from railroad
and corporation oppression. A brief sum
mary of both bills will be of interest to The
Jeffersonian readers and is about as follows:
senator cummings’ bill
Authorizes the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion to make uniform freight rates and to in
vestigate rates on their own initiative with
out waiting for complaints to be brought to
the Commission and to change rates it deems
unfair; prohibits any carrier from setting
aside a rate fixed by the Commission until it
proves that all earnings of the carrier are in
sufficient as fair compensation; prohibits the
carrier from changing rates without the Com
mission's approval, from either owning or
controlling a competing line or any of its
stock, watering stock or engaging in any
other business than the one named in its char
ter. Provides that the use of any of the car
rier's funds for any other purpose than pro
vided by law* is punishable by a maximum
fine of Ten Thousand Dollars and imprison
ment from one to ten years.
THE NEWLANDS BILL
Provides for the United States Court of Com
merce to have jurisdiction over all Interstate
Commerce Commission cases, or such cases,
in brief, as are now authorized to be main
tained in the circuit courts, no appeal to be
had except to the Supreme Court. Provides
that Telegraph Companies shall be treated as
common carriers; gives the Interstate Com
merce Commission power to review rates to
suspend, modify or annul any charges there
under which are burdens on shippers.
The sixth clause of this bill absolutely up
sets the Sherman Law by making it lawful
for the carriers themselves to unite in fixing
rates. Other provisions as to stock-watering,
ownership of competing lines, etc., resemble
those in the Cummings bill. Taft is under
stood to be supporting the Newlands measure.
* * * *
Senator Carter will introduce a bill for
Postal Savings Bank immediately after the
holidays.
* * * *
Many of the Congressional leaders continue
to howl for an investigation of the Sugar
Trust frauds. Senators Clay and Bacon, of
Georgia, say that such an investigation under
Aldrich would end in a whitewash. Senator
Clay says that the thing to do is to remove
the tariff on raw and refined sugar and 'break
the Sugar Trust. Hurrah for Senator Clay!
That would be the sensible, the practical, the
tactical and the brilliant thing to do, but to
consume a session of Congress in a ridiculous
and unnecessary “investigation” would lessen
the toils of the law upon the criminals of the
Sugar Trust.
What! they are after Treasurer MacVeagh,
who is to be disciplined and driven out of the
Cabinet if possible. Now, for Mr. MacVeagh
we cherish no affection whatever, but since he
had the splendid nerve to attack the tariff bill
and appoint some subordinates without ask
qUt*KUV»n - -
YOUR RESOLUTIONS.
amendments to the interstate
commerce law, together with a
resolution for a sweeping inves-
'ScffersotUan
ing the New England bunch of Senators to
O.K. the candidate first, we feel a strange
thrill, almost of admiration; if it keeps on
the sentiment will warm into something
stronger. It may be possible that even yet
good may come out of Taft’s Cabinet. It is
much to hope, and yet who knows when a
comet may strike the earth, or the end of the
rainbow be found, or a few first-class, pro
gressive, patriotic ideas emanate from Taft’s
Cabinet? and if they do, they will be wel
comed.
Representative Heflin, of Alabama, has
again introduced a bill to make it mandatory
for the street-cars in the District of Colum
bia to separate the whites and negroes. Mr.
Heflin, a year or so ago, met a particularly
insolent Washington coon and politely closed
the argument with a revolver. It is out
rageous that citizens of this country are liter
ally cowed, browbeaten and insulted by the
pampered negro in the capital of the nation.
It is shocking that foreign visitors to Wash
ington are thrown into contact with bucks
and wenches on the street-cars, in the thea
ters, on the streets, in the hotels and every
place. The wonder is that not more Con
gressmen, like Representative Heflin, close
incidents with an upstart coon by a Smith
& Wesson at close range. White women and
girls dare not be abroad, in the shadow of the
Capitol itself, without protection. If the
street-car is crowded, does a buck nigger suf
fer inconvenience? Not on your life; he sits
down in some lady’s lap, or tramps on her
feet, and if she does not like it she can squeeze
her way through a lot of other ill-smelling
niggers and get off the car. We earnestly
hope that Representative Heflin’s bill will be
passed.
King Leopold, of Belgium, is no more.
While no one is better because he lived, there
is no question but that the
The Passing world is better off because he
of Leopold. has left it. Os all the mon
archs of recent times, per
haps it would be harder to say something
good of him than of even Abdul the Damned,
Mulai Hafid or any other cruel despot. The
kindest thing is to judge that he was insane,
although that would be stretching the truth,
considering with what skill and cleverness he
managed to pursue his evil ways without be
ing called to account by any earthly judge.
It is even stated that he maintained his paid
lobby in Washington for the purpose of
checking Congress in its threat to investigate
conditions in the Congo regions, where he re
duced the population in a few years’ time
from twenty-five million to fifteen million,
the ten million having been exterminated
through sickening barbarity.
However, we must not lose sight of the fact,
while condemning the cruelties of Leopold,
that he was not alone in this, nor did he share
exclusively in the profits of the horrible
slavery there. While American citizens have
been denouncing Leopold, American capital
has been enjoying rubber concessions at his
hands and conniving at the torture and
maiming of the poor native wretches who
had to gather it. You can always trust Amer
ican capital to “develop the resources” of any
country even if they must ruin the liberties
and crush out the lives of its populace.
* * * *
While our eyes are fixed upon the Congo,
there is a similar condition existing in the
fastnesses of Brazil, and American capi
tal is there pursuing the same atrocious
methods through which the Congo has be-
come infamous. Away from civilization, un
protected by any law, the poor natives in
this region are beaten, maimed and worked
almost to death by heartless overseers in or
der to develop the gutta-percha industry, etc.
Greed is the same, whether it lolls on a throne
of Europe or occupies the more powerful po
sition of the American protected industry
which exploits the entire world for its own
benefit. To get the results demanded by the
SACRED DIVIDEND, each underling has
to oppress the serf beneath, and when this
serfdom extends into the wilderness and en
slaves a simple, unarmed, unprotected Indian
tribe or other helpless nation, it lets go all
the restraints of humanity and justice, and its
enormous “earnings” are literally and directly
blood money.
The strike at the Ludlow, Massachusetts,,
mills does not seem to have attracted much
attention. With the great
Thrown Out
to Freeze.
strike on the Eastern Rail
roads, with the Steel Company’s strike-break
ing methods at Bridgeport, Ohio, and other
labor difficulties here and there, the sensibili
ties are apt to become dulled, yet the eviction
feature of the Ludlow strike is one of the
most cruel that has ever occurred in this coun
try. Be it known that the Ludlow Manufac
turing Association, like all mill-owners, built
for their employees some wretched shacks
which were rented to them at the Company’s
own figures. Mill laborers have no choice as
to where they will live, how their homes shall
be built or what percentage the landlord shall
receive on his investment. Still, a few thin
boards mean a great deal on a cold, snowy
night in Massachusetts, and when mill-own
ers, in retaliation upon striking employees,
throw their handful of stuff into the mud and
turn out helpless women, aged men and little
babies, it is a proceeding for which lynching
is entirely too humane a punishment. This
the Ludlow Manufacturing Association has
been doing, rendering these mill laborers
homeless except for what shelter could be af
forded them in the houses of others equally
poor. In all conscience, any intelligent per
son knows that the mill-owners are paid over
and over again the actual value of their in
vestment, and whether or not the striking
men could pay the exorbitant rental it does
not alter the fact that, in justice, if not under
the technicalities of the law, these employees
have the right to shelter and security. It is
always an unfortunate fact that there are
generally enough miserable sheriffs, deputies
and bailiffs to carry out these evictions; “one
half of the people can be hired to shoot down
the other half.” In the security of a magnifi
cent hotel or palatial home, the mill-owner
directs the campaign against the wretched
operative, depending upon wretched subordi
nates to carry out his nefarious designs. Ital
ian strike-breakers, in this instance, were
brought in under heavy police guard to take
the place of the striking employees. The writer
may be in error, but does not recall an in
stance where a mill or mine owner, steel or
railroad magnate has been put to any personal
danger or inconvenience; his person'and home
seem to be inviolate, no matter how many
personal and property rights he violates. The
philosophy of this should carry its own con
clusion. Why don’t they get a few of these
rascals “higher up” ? A technical of this
sort would bring about a very prompt willing
ness to arbitrate. If the labor leaders would
only lead the rank and file, results could not
be delayed, but, as in the case of many a
Western Railway strike, a
threat brewing of a general