VETERANS’ CORNER
Many, both humorous and pa
thetic, were the experiences of the
Guests of the Nation—this by the
fortunes (or might I not more cor
rectly say by the misfortunes) of
war, became the wards or guests of
Uncle Sam in the hospitable (?) re
sorts of Point Lookout, Maryland;
Elmira, New York; Camp Chau,
Ohio; Rock Island, and Camp Doug
lass, Illinois, and other ’electable
locations during the early Cxties.
The writer had an experience cov
ering eighteen months, and received
more than a surfeit. He was nearly
eleven months at Point Lookout, and
the balance of the time at Elmira.
Not a great many readers of The
Jeffersonian have a correct view of
the status of a prisoner of war.
He is not a felon, therefore not a
convict at hard labor. His captors
should only confine him. Servitude,
other than simply policing his quar
ters, that is, keeping them reason
ably clean, is the only service ex
acted.
In a war prison are confined all
classes and conditions of men—
drawn from all the vocations and
occupations of peaceful life. In a
civil prison, one will only find crim
inals, while in the prison pens afore
mentioned were clergymen, doctors,
college professors, school teachers,
tradesmen of every business, me
chanics of every trade, farmers, and
from every walk in life.
Soon after the United States
recognized the Confederate troops
as belligerents, a cartel for the pa
roling and exchanging of prisoners
captured on either side was arrang
ed, and the agreement was, none
were to be held in confinement ex
ceeding ten days.
This compact continued until the
first of July, 1863. About this time
Gettysburg was fought and Vicks
burg was surrendered. These two
great incidents gave the Federal side
a great excess of prisoners and that
government concluded it was an op
portune time to suspend the provis
ions of the compact. The conse
quences were, prisoners increased in
large numbers in the prison pens of
either side.
Not being compelled to work, con
finement became very irksome and
time hung heavily on the unfortu
nates’ hands. There was the humor
ous as well as the sad and pathetic
side of this dreary life. At Point
Lookout, a charcoal artist of deeply
patriotic taste, sketched in big crude
letters upon his tent the Roman
maxim, “Dulce et decorum est pro
patria mori,” then in plain but forci
ble English below, “But hell to
starve in prison!” There was senti
ment and philosophy blended and
experienced. Another artist explain
ed his feelings “Nil Desperandum,”
but he did not reinforce it with any
English logic. The routine was mo
notonous. Rollcall at sunup, break
fast (?) soon after, lunch or dinner
or whatever you might call the apol
ogy, about 2:30 or 3 p. m.; rollcall
again at sundown, then to rest, if
.you could induce sleep. Breakfast
consisted of four crackers, a small
portion of meat (between three and
four ounces), a tin cup of attenuated
coffee. Dinner or lunch (?) four
crackers and a small tin plate of so
called bean soup—the beans con
spicuous in their absence.
The well water at Point Lookout
was strongly saturated with sulphate
of iron; so much so a white garment
A WOMAN’S APPEAL 3 ’
To all knowing sufferers of rheuma
tism, whether muscular or of the
joints, sciatica, lumbago, backache,
pains in the kidneys or neuralgia
pains, to write to her for a home treat
ment which has repeatedly cured all
of these tortures. She feels It her
duty to send it to all sufferers FREE.
You cure yourself at home as thou
sands will testify—no change of cli
mate being necessary. This simple
discovery banishes uric acid from the
blood, loosens the stiffened joints, pu
rifies the blood, and brightens the eyes,
giving elasticity and tone to the whole
system. If the above Interests you, for
proof address Mrs. M. Summer*, Box
460. South Bend, Ind.
boiled in it changed to a dingy yel
low. This drink was disastrous to
the digestive organs, and no doubt
hastened many a poor fellow to the
grave. But one of the wells secreted
a medium quality of water. This
was reserved for and guarded for the
hospitals. In the summer of 1864
there went out an order applying to
each man in confinement and. the
men were marched by companies up
to an officer’s quarters and individ
ually admitted when the following
propositions were submitted;
“Do you wish to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States Gov
ernment and enlist in its army?”
“Do you wish to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States Gov
ernment and enlist in its navy?”
“Do you wish to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States Gov
ernment and work upon Government
works?”
“Do you wish to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States Gov
ernment and be released as a citi
zen?”
“Or will you take a parol for the
war?”
It will be noted the most onerous
proposition was propounded first.
When all had been rejected, then the
officer would conclude, “Then you
prefer to remain here and take your
chances of exchange” (or death).
A few weak brothers fell under
the temptation. The hard fare and
confinement was too much for a very
few. The large majority faced the
terrible alternative and more than
twelve per cent, testified by their
death to their allegiance to the
“Storm-created Nation that fell.”
In a tent opposite to that occupied
by the writer lived (?) a stocky mu
latto, with his master. They had
been captured at Gettysburg. The
little yellow fellow was in the drag
net when his master’s company was
drawn up to the “Inquisition.’’ Af
ter the six propositions had been sub
mitted to Dick (for Richard Poplar
was his name) he “reckoned he
would stay and go back with the
boss.” Then the Yankee officer said,
“Haven’t you—haven’t you” (hesi
tating three or four times) “got
African blood in your veins?” “Oh!
yessur,” exclaimed Dick, “dat’s every
current down Sous.”
The Yankee hesitated, because he
knew a Southern white man would
promptly resent the imputation of
negro blood in him. With Dick,
there was no such delicacy. And the
little fellow remained true to his
master against the enticements of the
Yankees, lived to return to his home
in Petersburg, Virginia, honored and
respected by the Confederate sol
diers, and when he died in 1887, six
Confederate soldiers were his pall
bearers. one of whom was General
Stith Boling, commanding the Vir
ginia Division United Confederate
Veterans.
At Elmira, some of the conditions
were better than at Point Lookout.
The drinking water was of excellent
quality, and of this the Yankees
were very generous—there was no
limit to the quantity a man might
consume. Then, most of the men
had buildings for quarters, while at
Point Lookout their shelters were
condemned tents. The rations at
Elmira consisted of a slice of bakers’
bread about one and a quarter inch
es thick, about the same quantity
of meat (possibly four ounces) for
breakfast; the same size slice of
bread and the small plate of so-called
soup for dinner, and as I before
mentioned water ad! libitum the bal
ance of the day.
Some scientists claim we eat too
much, anyway. It is also well known
dyspepsia is a national malady
amongst residents and citizens of
this country. It is easily realized
what is the prime cause of this na
tional disease —a rich food and over
indulgence in the same.
Now behold Uncle Sam’s thought
fulness as regards his guests! He
did not propose to contribute to the
extension or encouragement of this
Che 3effersOrtian
trying complaint. He therefore put
the food down to the plainest in
quality and the minimum in quanti
ty for his guests. No man can lay
at Uncle Sam’s door any just com
plaint on that score. I can recall
neither gout or dyspepsia as a dis
ease acquired by any of the sojourn
ers "fit these popular (?) resorts. It
had not been demonstrated then the
limit of a healthy man’s endurance,
as later proven by Dr. Tanner; but
the United States Government was
preparing men and testing the ex
perimental stage.
G. N. SAUSSY.
Sylvester, Georgia.
A GOOD FRIEND PASSES TO THE
BEYOND.
Dear Sir: —My father was one of
your best friends, and always voted
and worked for you whenever he had
an opportunity to do so. He was one
J?
/ DON’T SEND ME ONE CENT \
ff when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least %
S one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous “Perfect Vision” %
fl Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in *he next few a
fl weeks-"-on one easy, simple condition. a
fl I want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no a
I matter how weak they may be; read the finest print in your bible with ■
■ them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put &
|| them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
■ Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced 9
■ that they are really and truly-the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses ■
■ you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just fl
■ as well as you ever did in your * younger days, you can keep
1 ROWU) pair forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special
B extraordinary advertising proposition, and /
1 JUST DO ME A GOOD TU R N
% by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good X
% word for them everywhere, at every opportunity. #
% Won't you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haux “Perfect X
% Vision ” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition ? ff
X If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children ff
need apply) and want to do me this favor, write me at once and ff
just say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your Perfect Home Eye ff
vk Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of
xk. your handsome 10-karat Spectacle Offer,” and ff
address me personally and I will give ycur letter
own personal attention. Address:— ffr
HAUX, (Personal), Haux
___ —*ST. LOUIS, MOI—
* The Above la the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House in the World, and I'ertectly Reliable*
A CHAPTER ON SOCIALISM
By THOS. E. WATSON
This little book presents the case against Socialism in a nutshell
Section 1: The Land
Section 2: Ownership
Section 3 : “All property is robbery 99
Section 4: Confiscation of Homes
Section 5: Socialism 870 years before Christ
Section 6 : Orthodox Socialism
PRICE: Ten Cents; Twenty-five for $2.00; One Hundred for $7.50
Book Dept., THE JEFFS, Thomson, Ga.
VELVET BEANS
TWO DOLLARS (?2.00) per bushel,
cash, f. o. b. Put up only in two
bushel sacks. P. O. money order, or
express money order, preferred.
W. «J. BORDEN
Oxford, Sumter County, Florida
of the first to join the People’s Party,
and never went back on the principles
advocated by it as long he livid
He was a member of the Farmer ’
Alliance as long as he lived, and
joined the Farmers’ Union and be
longed to it at his death. He was
also a Confederate soldier and put
in four years of his life in the service
of his country, being a member of
Wheeler's cavalry at the surrender.
So you see, Mr. Watson, another one
of the “Old Guard” has passed over
the river and left us. But we are
sure that he was prepared as he said
he did not fear death, or the here
after. He was sixty-eight years old
at his death, and leaves a widow and
eight grown children, four boys and
four girls. And I want to tell you
they are all your friends.
With best wishes, I am
Yours very truly,
W. E. BOX.
Anniston, Ala.
If the country could agree upon
what should be corrected first, the
real battle for reform might be won.
—Washington Post.
If you have any spare time, and
want to make a little extra money,
drop a card to The Jeffs, Thomson,
Ga., and we will tell you how.
PAGE NINETEEN