PAGE TWELVE
GOV. SMITH’S EXPLANATION, ETC
(Continued from Page Nine.)
daily balances so that it cost the State
nothing to borrow money from the banks
if the State was not compelled to use
the money and left it on deposit with the
banks.
The notes all matured bn December
15th. The question of paying or renew
ing them came up a few days before the
15th and I decided on about the 12th of
December to renew the notes for thirty
days. The reason for the renewal was
that the State had a very large amount
of money to pay out the latter part of
December and we were uncertain how
rapidly the tax money would come in.
Some of the corporations were threat
ening to resist payment of their taxes. We
feared that the panicky condition of the
times might delay the payment of taxes
generally and leave the State unable to
meet its liabilities. We had on hand De
cember 12th $363,806 deposited in va
rious banks throughout the. State. It
we had paid the SIBO,OOO of notes it would
have left only $183,806 on hand. We had
$419,222 to pay out between the 12th
and the 20th of December. We had to
pay on the lirst of January $260,000 for
interest and principal on the public debt.
The State collected on December 20th
$228,486 of corporation taxes. The large
sum in the Neal Bank was due in part
to this collection. The Treasurer de
posited $85,408 with that bank on the
20th.
The State Treasurer, under the law,
controls deposits in banks.
Very truly yours,
' HOKE SMITH.
* * *
Prominent Citizens of Campbell
County Make A ffidabit.
Concerning the remarks alleged to have
been made by L. F. Livingston in a
speech at Fairburn. Ga., April 3rd. 1908.
There appeared in last week’s issue of
The Weekly Jeffersonian statements al
leging that L. F. Livingston advised to
vote against the disfranchisement of the
negro. Since our last issue of The Week
ly Jeffersonian, we have received the fol
lowing affidavit:
GEORGIA. Campbell County.
The following is what we. the under
signed subscribers, swear to be Col. L. F.
Livingston’s statement made in Mr. J. L.
Bramell's store in Fairburn. Ga.. on the
night of the primary election, held in this
county on April 3, 1908, between the
hours of 12 and 1 o'clock, after the re
turns had been officially received from all
the precincts in the county by 'phone and
after we had found that Col. Livingston
had carried the county in his race for con
gress, viz.:
During the talk we had requested Col.
Livingston to make, he touched casually
upon the franchise question only as re
garded the indiscriminate influx of for
eign criminal emigration to this country,
but nor against the intelligent, law-abid-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ing foreigner who seeks a home in our
midst to make an honest living, stating
that the way undesirable foreign criminal
emigrants were pouring into this country
that the time might corrie in not far dis
tant future when we would need the votes
of all intelligent citizens to help overcome
this undesirable foreign criminal element,
and for future safety of the republic it
might be well to safeguard against the
foreign criminal as well as the ignorant
negro.
Having read the affidavits appearing in
the Sunday’s, April 12. 1908, edition of the
Atlanta Journal, we swear and positively
state that Col. Livingston did not utter
a word about beating Hon. Thos. E. Wat
son and the Third Party eight years from
now, or any other time, and that 110 such
word as “poor white trash*’ was used by
Col. Livingston against Mr. Watson or
any of his friends or followers.
* (Signed ) —S. IL Brantley, mayor, Fair
burn, Ga.; J. L. Brassell, aiderman, Fair
burn Ga.; B. F. Jones, aiderman, Fair
burn, Ga.; W. H. Young, traveling sales
man. Fairburn. Ga.; J. T. Longino, phy
sician and druggist, Fairburn. Ga.; M. P.
Harvey, merchant, Fairburn, Ga.; W. T.
Daniel, merchant. Palmetto, Ga.; W. A.
Arnold, merchant. Fairburn, Ga.; R. T.
Camp, farmer, Campbell County, Ga.; J.
H. Brown, farmer. ’Campbell County,
Ga.; W. H. Vickers, clerk. Fairburn, Ga.
County, Ga.: W. M. Adams, clerk and
farmer. Campbell County, Ga.; R. B. Du
rett, physician. Palmetto, Ga.; R. J. Phil
lips, clerk and farmer, Campbell County,
Ga.; G. T. Luck, machinist, Fairburn.
Ga.; W. H. Vickers, clerk, Fairburn, Ga.;
Sworn to and subscribed before me this
April 14, 1908.
(Signed) J. H. McClure,
Clerk Superior Court Campbell Co.. Ga.
M M H
Congressional Doings.
The zAldrich bill is about dead, but
Lovering of Mass, is offering another
“emergency currency” scheme which is
just as bad.
Lovering wants the government to au
thorize Clearing Houses throughout the
land to issue soap-wrapper stuff when
ever the banks can convince the Secre
tary of the Treasury that the country
needs it. Inasmuch as the banks have
proved that they are absolute owners of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Lover
ing bill imsans that Clearing Houses will
put out soap-wrappers whenever they
like.
Won’t that be line?
All .the good money will be kept where
Wall Street rascals can get it to gam
ble on, and to manipulate railroads with,
and the rest of us will get soap-wrappers
which cost us as much as good money.
Congress seems determined to discuss
every plan except the right one. The
right one would be an issuance of paper
money by the government itself.
In the meantime rhe national banks
still have $191,000,000 of the people’s
money, which they are lending to the
speculators at a high rate of interest. Dor
the use of this vast sum the banks pay
no interest, and it seems that the govern
ment is going to let the banks keep the
money indefinitely.
If that isn’t the confiscation of the
money which belongs to us all and the
giving of it to the few who run the na
tional banks, what is it?
Isn’t it a burning shame that $191,000,-
000 should be taken from the people by
taxation and devoted to the permanent
use of the national banks?
Isn’t it strange that neither the Demo
cratic nor the Republican party makes
war upon this crime against justice?
W
The President is badly bitten by the
big navy madness and has been using
all of his influence to get four new battle
ships. instead of the two which Congress
voted. Thus far, the President has been
repulsed. The navy bill already carries
an expenditure of $104,000,000 and- surely
that is enough.
In his special message urging Congress
to vote for the four new battle-ships the
President made the most of the fact that
this country is rich and can afford the
expense. At a time when a panic has
been distressing the great masses of our
people for several months, that kind of
presidential talk does not sound well. We
hope that Congress will stand its ground
against the “big-navy” monomaniacs.
•e
The President declared that he wanted
four more battle-ships “in the interest of
peace,” not of war.
Yet the ink with which he wrote the
words was hardly dry before Senator
Lodge—mouthpiece of the administration
—was introducing into the Senate a reso
lution authorizing the President to send
the fleet to Venezuela to “make a demon
stration” against that feeble state.
Why must we bully our little neighbor
by threatening her with our big battle
ships?
For the reason that the Venezuelan
President, Castro, busted the Asphalt
Trust. Not only talked about busting
trusts but did it.
The Asphalt Trust is composed of rich
American schemers and swindlers, and
they contributed nearly two hundred
thousand dollars to finance a revolt
against the Venezuelan government. The
revolt failed, and the Trust had its prop
erty in Venezuela confiscated.
And now the attorneys of the Trust are
trying to get the use of our navy to scare
Venezuela into a restitution of the con
fiscated property.
On this subject we believe that Mr.
Roosevelt has been deceived by Elihu
Root. Secretary of State and trust lawyer.
It will be an eternal disgrace if Con
gress allows our navy to be used as a
cats-paw for a swindling concern like the
Asphalt Trust,