PAGE TWENTY-FOUR
11 IC
It Is Waiting For
Here is just what you want, just what you need. You
have been looking for it and here it is. Send for it and
stop worrying. Say the word and it will be sent to you.
Send us the message in the coupon, saying you have
read this announcement, saying you want to try it and
it will be sent by mail, without a penny. It is Bodi-
Tone, the real remedy for the sick, whose fame is
spreading like wild-tire from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
which is curing sick-folks by the hundreds, the medi
cine your neighbors are talking about. This announce
ment is put in this paper by the Bodi-Tone Company
of Chicago, who invented Bodi-Tone over a year ago
and immediately offered it on trial to all the sick, a fair
and honest way. so everyone could try it and judge its
curative value before paying a penny for it. The Bodi-
Tone Company' has sent out over one hundred thousand
SI.OO boxes during the past year in this way, to people
in all parts of the country, without a penny in advance,
and thousands have seen, felt and known its great
curative benefits. Now the Bodi-Tone Company wants
you to try a. full-sized one dollar box of Bodi-Tone at its
risk and expense, so that w, too, will get to know the
great curative and restorative forces in this extra
ordinary medicinal combination, which is rapidly
proving its superiority over the common and ordinary
proprietary medicines that have so badly disappointed
the sick. We want you to fill out and send us the "Trial
Coupon" printed at the bottom of this announcement,
giving us your full name and address, and the one dollar
box of Bodi-Tone will be sent to you by next post,
without a penny for you to pay unless it proves its value
in the ailments which are troubling your body, unless
it benefits you, unless it proves to you that it can cure.
Bodi-Tone
does just what its name means— cures disease by toning
all the body, and we want you to try it and see what it
will do for your body. Bodi-Tone is a small, round
tablet, that is taken three times every day, either
before or after meals as you may prefer. Each SI.OO
box contains seventy-five of these tablets, enough for
twenty-five days continuous use. and we send you the
full box without a penny in advance, so that you can
try it and learn what it is, so you can learn how easy
and simple it is to take, so you can learn how it works
in the body, how it cures stubborn diseases by helping
nature to tone every organ of the body. The compo
sition of Bodi-Tone is not secret. Every one of the
many valuable ingredients used to make this splendid
•remedy are well known to all doctors of all schools;
each has a well defined, well known and thoroughly
established place in the realm of medicine and is pre
scribed by physicians every day of the year. Each
ingredient is named and fully described in the Bodi-
Tone Book, which tells all about Bodi-Tone and is sent
free to every Bodi-Tone user. You know just what you
are using and know it is good and safe. Among the
ingredients which compose Bodi-Tone are Iron, to give
life and energy to the Blood, Sarsaparilla, to purify it.
Phosphate to nourish the Nerves, Lithia for the Kid
neys, Gentian for the Stomach, Chinese Rhubarb and
I Oregon Grape Root for the Liver, Cascara which
restores tone to the Bowels and Intestines, and Peru
vian Bark for the General System. All these ingre
dients pull together to restore health in the body, each
serves to build upon the others work, each one helps.
Medical
Authority
We claim no credit for discovering the ingredients
in Bodi-Tone, each of which has its own well-deserved
place in the medical books of most of the civilized
world and all of which are recommended by the best
modern medical writers and teachers. Many are pre
scribed regularly by the medical profession for diseases
in which we recommend Bodi-Tone, most of them have
I been successfully used separately or in combination
with other drugs for the treatment of innumerable
diseases, but the exact combination found in Bodi-Tone is
peculiar to Bodi-Tone alone and gives Bodi-Tone a
curative and restorative power peculiar to itself, that
has brought health to thousands during the past year’s
I time. We simply claim credit for the formula which
we have invented, for the way in which these valuable
ingredients are combined, for the proportions used, for
the curative force which thousands have found in
Bodi-Tone, for the cures which make it different from
other remedies. That is why we want to send a box on
I trial to you immediately, as soon as you write for it, for
we know you will find it different and superior. Though
Bodi-Tone is a scientific medicinal combination, most
of the ingredients used in it are familiar to the common
Bodi-Tone Company-Chicago.
people, and are remedies which they as well as the
doctors know to be good, remedies in which they can
place the fullest confidence and which they know they
can safely use. Bodi-Tone is right all through, from
the first to the last ingredient, a remedy that knows its
work in the body and does it in away that satisfies the
body-owner. It is a pure remedy that all the family,
young and old, can use. It contains no narcotic or habit
forming drugs, it contains nothingthat we are ashamed
to tell all the world, it contains no ingredient that your
own family doctor will not endorse and say is a good
thing. It does not depend on drugging the body. It does
not kill pain with opium or morphine. It does not
excite the body with alcohol, but it tones the body and
cures its disorders with the remedies nature intended
to tone and cure the body or that power would not
have been given to them.
B-"n o
OQ1“ ll oo©
offers its valuable services to you right now, right
from this page, if you are sick, if you need medicinal
help, if your bodilj' organs are not acting as they should,
if your body is not in right, natural and normal tone.
This is what Bodi-Tone is for— to help nature restore tone
to tne body, to restore normal health, energy, vigor,
vitality and strength. If there is anything wrong with
your Kidneys, Bodi-Tone helps to restore tone to the
Kidneys, helps to set them right. If there is anything
wrong with your Stomach, Bodi-Tone helps to tone the
Stomach, helps to set the wrong right. If there is any
thing wrong with your Nerves, your Blood, your Liver,
your Bowels or your General System, the ingredients
in Bodi-Tone, which are endowed by nature with a
special action in these parts, go right to work and keep
on working day after day, exerting always a well
understood, definite action that produces curative
results of the kind sufferers appreciate. If you have
Rheumatism, Bodi-Tone, a splendid eliminant, helps to
eliminate the Uric Acid from the system while it
restores tone to the Kidneys, Stomach and Blood,
thereby exerting a continual anti-rheumatic effect
which makes it hard for rheumatism toobtain or retain
a foothold in the system. Bodi-Tone should be used by
all women suffering from any of the various Female
Ailments, for its toning properties are especially valu
able in such ailments. Bodi-Tone is especially urged
for all chronic sufferers who have tried honest, rep
utable physicians at home and elsewhere without
getting the relief and permanent benefit desired. If
your local doctor is doing you no real good, if you have
given him a real and honest chance to do what he can
and the medical combinations he has used have failed,
then give this scientific, modern combination of old-time
remedies a chance to show what it can do for you.
It Is Proven
If you read our Bodi-Tone offer a year ago, when
Bodi-Tone was first offered on trial, and hesitated to
try a new medicine, you should hesitate no longer, for
the curative powers of Bodi-Tone have been amply
proven by one solid year of cures. It has been tested
in thousands of cases, covering a great variety of ail
nients in both sexes, at every age, and the results
obtained are more than sufficient to amply prove the
wide curative value of this splendid formula. It was
advertised right from the start as a remedy for all al
the body and its aid has been sought by chronic suffer
ers from most of the important diseases which destroy
the body’s peace and comfort. Over one hundred
thousand people have used it during the past year.
Persons suffering from Rheumatism, Stomach trouble.
Kidney, Liver and Bladder Ailments, Uric Acid Dis
eases, Bowel Complaints, Female Troubles, Blood and
Skin Affections, Dropsy, Piles, Catarrh, Anaemia,
Sleeplessness, LaGrippe, Pains, General Weakness
and Nervous Breakdown, have tested Bodi-Tone and
proven its value in such disorders. Their experiences
have proven beyond a shadow of doubt that the Bodi-
Tone plan of toning all the body is a fight plan that helps
to cure these and other disorders, that it is a real aid to
nature. How Bodi-Tone has acted in these cases is best
shown by the letters of praise received from former
sufferers. Every day’s mail, brings its share, for the
fame of Bodi-lone is spreading like because
Bodi-Tone is doing the work and proving its superiority
over common remedies. Many who have for years been
in poor health and have tried most all of the prominent
medicines, have written Bodi-Tone
did more good than all the others combined. Other
sufferers, who have tried good physicians and special
ists for their various troubles, often doctoring at great
cost over a long period, have written that Bodi-Tone
did the work after the doctors medicines had failed.
The letters and reports printed in this announce
ment are but a sample of the many we receive every
day. Read them and judge for yourself. If you are sick
or in poor health, if you have peen doctoring without
benefit, if you are discouraged, send for a box of Bodi-
I'one on this most liberal and fair trial offer. Try a
real remedy for the sick and see what it does for you.
When writing advertisers, please mention The Jeffersonian
sb* Jeffersonian
Cotesfield, Neb.—l have had Stomach trouble for
eleven years and very bad for the past four years.
■he j 1 vpjf
tried home physicians, have doctored with a well
known specialist, and have taken a number of differeith
patent medicines, but they only did me harm. I cannot
praise Bodi-Tone too highly. Mrs. Wm. Beck.
Culver, Ind.—l am telling all of my neighbors and
friends about Bodi-Tone, and when they ask me what
IMF
stead of feeling tired I feel like working all the time. I
heartily recommend Bodi-Tone. Otis E. Marsh.
Gastonia, N. C.—When I began Bodi-Tone I was in
a very weak condition, and had tried so many medicines
that I became discouraged. I had been in very poor
w-w\ w" ;
at night than I had in years. I now enjoy perfect health
and have gained ten pounds. Mrs. R. M. Currie.
Dorset, Vt.—l had Rheumatism very bad and was
lame and sore all over. My Kidneys bothered me;
Bodi-Tone has freed me from all of these troubles.
Mack Fisher.
Trial Coupon
Clipped from The Jeffersonian.
Bodi-Tone Company, Hoyne & North Avs., Chicago, 111.
I have read th 3 Bodl-Tone Announcement, offering a B*l.oo
box of Bodi-Tone on 25 days trial, and ask you to send me a
dollar box by return mail, postpaid. I promise to give it a fair
trial and to send you SI.OO for same promptly if I am benefited
at the end of 25 days. If it does not help me 1 will not pay one
penny and will owe you nothing. Neither I nor any member of
my family have ever before used Bodi-Tone and 1 state on honor
that this application is made for my own personal use and not
for any other person. The following is my full name and
address to which the Bodi-Tone should be sent.
N ame
Town
State -
St. or R. F. D
Before taking Bodi-ione, I had
to throw up my supper every
night. I would have such pains
and such a heavy weight at my
stomach and would nearly
smother with gas. I would
almost die and had to throwup
what I had eaten to keep from
smothering to death. It was so
bad for four years that I was
almost a walkingskeleton. Now
I am much stouter and do’nt
look like the same person. My
.stomach digests what I eat and
trouble is all gone. Before
using Bodi-Tone I was so nerv
ous and had such pain in the
top of my head, and Bodi-Tone
has remedied that also. I have#
I know about it I tell them all
I know is that it reached my
case and did me more good
than anyother medicinelever
took, which is enough for me.
My troubles were lame back
and continual tired feeling,
due, as I believe, te weak kid
neys. My back was so bad
that when I stooped over I
could hardly raise up again
and I suffered much pain with
it. I took most everything
recommended for lame back
and kidney trouble but found
no relief until I used Bodi-
Tone. I used only two boxes
and have not since been both
ered with my back, and in-
health for five years, suffering
from different diseases and
with a debilitated, run-down
system. I was full of Malaria.
I had two physicians waiting
on me and they gave me only
temporary relief and told me
I would have to have an oper
ation, which I would not do. I
scarcely had strength enough
to dress myself in the morn
ings and had to stay in bed.
not able to do my household
duties. I began the use of
‘Bodi-Tone three months ago
and my improvement was so
rapid that in a few weeks I
was attending to my house
hold duties and rested better