PAGE SIXTEEN
MISSIONS! |
What do you know about them? Os course, you have your idea,
3t we all have, ranging from great reverence all the way to a humorous E
jjj conception of the missionary as a cannibal delicacy, but what is the Hr
4m true situation? HOW MANY MILLIONS are poured out in foreign
31 fields? WHAT DO THESE MILLIONS ACCOMPLISH? IS THE E
WORLD BETTER, or WORSE, because of the foreign mission idea?
Read Watson’s Jeffersonian g
3I Magazine for April g
Whether you believe in foreign missions, or whether you don’t, E.
you will be the loser if you don’t read Tom Watson’s latest editorial &
on this vital topic. Nothing more timely, more striking, has ever B
come from his pen. E
Then, there’s a story by Lafayette McLaws, this time, a story E
that will ring, like a midnight alarm, upon the consciousness of
Southern people. Yes, it’s on the race question—and it is new, and
deep, and full of meaning. Os course you’ve read “The Clansman”? K
Well, this isn’t a book, it is only a short story, but you will remember
g The Harvest B
jS long after you’ve forgotten every incident of Dixon’s books, and this g
S is said in all appreciation of him as a writer of things of gripping
2 interest. BS
3 The magazine is brimming with excellent things,—there’s a E
s broad view of the outgoing and incoming administrations, a glance at E
31 the inauguration and the events throughout the world; some mighty
good fiction and verse, cartoons and a great deal of that truthful, E
eyewitness kind of history that it is impossible to get, in compact |k
form, anywhere else. E
If you are not a subscriber, now is the time to get in on this E'
April issue. And if you are, you are practically certain to want K*
some extra copies for your friends. Mr. Watson’s views on foreign
S missions have already aroused ecclesiastical circles, and this last
article is eagerly awaited. Don’t miss either side of the argument.
2 Orders sent in now will be taken care of. If you wait until the BE
edition is exhausted you will probably be sorry.
31 Sub. price SI.OO a year. Ten cents per copy. E
3 ADDRESS: E
| THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. |
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of hamUing, They contain 6 Linen Doilies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroider)
Needles. Al! first quality. We wilt send Farm News, the biggest little paper In <ne
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
doilies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents In all. Either offer separately
If desired. Address FARM NBWS, ug. Washington St., Sprlngtdd, O.
ROOSEVELT RECEIVES A RAP.
Vinemart, Ala., March 12, 1909.
Dear Sir: I wish to say that any
man who will appoint a negro to of
fice over white people is an enemy
to our race, and I am against him for
ever. As to the Atlanta Constitution
boasting about Roosevelt’s having
Jefferson Davis’s name restored to
the inscription-plate on the bridge,
etc. —it is all bosh. Roosevelt only
did this to relieve himself of the
odium cast upon him in appointing
Crum over white people in Charles
ton. Our Taft is good enough
to inform us that the negroes are
Americans and citizens and he is to
see that they get their rights as such.
Here is the subject for the next
four years. Next gubernatorial elec
tion in Georgia you will see the ne
groes voting for one H. Smith for
Governor, and what a hot time yon
will have in Georgia. So many laws
now passed and executed as prece-
LEARN VETERINARY DENTISTRY
■ nd n y par> w<! teach you at home tn
make three months of your spare time
by Illustrated lectures and grant diploma with degree.
Particulars Free. Detroit Veterinary Dental
Collette. Detroit. Mich.
dent that our Constitution is no bul
wark to the liberties of the people.
I see by label on my paper you have
received $1 for Jeffersonian, but as
yet no post-cards (50) received.
Respectfully,
A. G. McKenney.
PURE FOOD LAW.
Tifton, Ga., March 15, 1909.
Mr. Thomas E. Watson.
Dear Sir: I see in your Jeffersonian
of Feb. 25th where Dr. Wiley, head
of the Board of Chemistry, tried to
rule out the use of benzoate of soda
in preserving food, also the bleach
ing process of nitrogen peroxide in
flour. There is another thing I wish
Dr. Wiley would put in, and that is
iron rust in flour. I have been using
.second grade flour evejr since this
roller process was got up, and I have
not used any but What was tinctured,
more or less, with iron rust, some of
■it so bad I can’t eat it. Now is it
rust from the machinery, or is it the
bleaching process ? I hope Dr. Wiley
•will investigate this and rule it out.
If we have a pure food law let us
'have it right. Would like to hear
dje Jeffersonian
You Need it in Your Home
■ THE
Southern Ruralist
OF ATLANTA, GA
Is the Greatest Agricultural Paper in
the South today. It covers every de
partment of the farm and home. We
have examined it carefully, and con
sider THE SOUTHERN RURALIST
the most valuable premium we can
offer our readers. It comes twice a
month—24 times a year. A sample
copy will be mailed free to any one
on request.
The most valuable thing about the
Southern Ruralist is the Prize Spe
cials, which are published on the first
of each month. The Ruralist pays
$20.00 each month for the best arti
des from its subscribers on special
subjects, such as Fall Plowing, Poul
try, Fertilizers, Farm Tools, Garden
in& Fruit Plowing, Stock Raising,
v J Dairying, etc. These articles come
from every part of the country. They
THE SOUTHERN RURALIST are j Wr J tten ™ en wb ° do tbe W°rk
Subscription Price SI.OO a year. It goes to and give actual experience. They
tS°b? £ h famny already ' Y ° U should be ’ onß ' to will help you as nothing else will.
REGULAR DEPARTMENTS AND STAFF WRITERS
Dr. H. E. Stockbridge Agricultural Editor; F. J. Merriam, Garden Depart
ment; Professor T. H. McHatton, Georgia Experiment Station, Horticulture
Department; Professor C. L. Willoughby, Georgia Experiment Station, Dairy;
Professor P. N. Flint, Georgia Experiment Station, Live Stock Department; Dr.
C. A. Cary, Professor Veterinary Science, Alabama Agricultural College, Veter
inary Department; Judge F. J. Marshall, Poultry Department; Mrs. F. J. Mer
riam, Home Department. A good story or serial in every number.
Every issue is worth the price of a year’s subscription to the man who will take
and read THE SOUTHERN RURALIST.
SPECIAL OFFER.—The Southern Ruralist free or two papers for the price of one.
By special arrangement with the Southern Ruralist we are able to offer
it to our friends free with a year’s subscription to this paper at
ONE DOLLAR
Remember: Both papers for si.oo
| SPECIAL PREMIUM OFFERS I
Story of France, for 6 subscribers, at SI.OO ;;
each, to either Jeffersonian.
Napoleon, for 4 subscribers to either. <»
Waterloo, for 3 subscribers to either.
J » Life and Times of Jefferson, 4 subscribers to j!
I either. ;!
Bethany, for 3 subscribers.
Handbook of Political History and Economic
Questions, 2 subscribers. ; *
Sketches of Roman History, 1 new Subscriber, jE
sent by another than the subscriber.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E, Watson, 3 sub- 0
scribers. <»
from some one else on this subject.
Felix Sloan.
R. F. D. No. 2.
TWO TO CONSIDER.
Husband—“ Pray, do not misunder
stand me, Jeannette. All I ask is
that you should kiss me before and
not after you have kissed the dog.”
•Wife—“ But Leonard, don’t you
think that the dog may have his pref
erence, too?”—Philadelphia Inquirer.
DON’T SEND US A DIME
But send us a list of your friends,
so that we can mail them sample cop
ies of the Jeffersonians, and ask them
to subscribe.
POLITICALLY SPEAKING.
Binks I tell you, the foreigner pavs
the tax.
Spinks Well, would you kindly
send for him? I have a notification
that mine is due.—Cleveland Leader.