PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Populists Open the Campaign.
k Nashville, Ark, May 9.
Hon. Jos. A. Parker opened the People’s
Party National Campaign at this place today.
The Circuit Court room was packed from pit
to dome. Mr. Parker was in fine trim and
made a telling speech; everybody well pleased.
The mention of Watson’s name brought forth
applause from the auditors. The speech will
be published and all can get the chance to read
it. Parker’s appeal for Watson was very elo
quent. He said that the Populist was the only
party that dared to nominate a Southern man
for President. The speaker’s exposition of
the St. Louis platform was an able effort.
Take it all in all the ratification meeting was
a “howling success.” The city furnished mu
sic by the Nashville Cornet Band. As usual
the Populists lead the campaign.
Trouble in India.
The English Government is much disturbed
over news from the East. Calcutta despatches
of May 4 tell of the development of a conspi
racy to assassinate many high officials, among
them General Lord Kitchener. Many per
sons were arrested, and an examination of
some thirty suspects led to the conclusion
that a widespread revolutionary plot was
forming. Meantime the Afghans are raiding
the northwestern frontier, and threatening a
general war. London despatches indicate much
uneasiness, and a decline in consols. "For a
country which has had the benefit of the be
nign rule of Great Britain for a century or
more, India shows itself singularly ungrateful.
It is curious how people like to “boss” their
own governmental jobs, however troublesome
it may bo.
Asset Currency Once More.
The Aldrich Currency Bill was put to sleep.
Likewise the Vreeland bill. Then the Repub
lican brethren realized that something must
be done to appease their financial allies. So
the House Committee got together and evolved
a revised Vreeland bill. They expect to pass
this, under whip and spur, and send it
to the Senate. It has no more merit than the
two previous abortions and is open to precise
ly the same objection. It is merely a scheme
to farm out to a few the money issuing func
tion of the Government. The Republican par
ty seems hopelessly committed to the idea
that Government exists to enable a few peo
ple to make money.
The Atlanta Fire.
On May 7 Atlanta was visited by the most
disastrous fire in its history. A new busi
ness district, adjacent to the Terminal Sta
tion, built up within three years, was almost
swept out of existence, between 4 a. m. and
8 a. m., at which hour the fire was gotten un
der control. Thirty-four buildings, all brick,
three to five stories high, were destroyed.
Forty-two business firms suffered total loss,
these firms being mainly manufacturers and
wholesalers. One thousand people are tempo
rarily thrown out of work. The money loss is
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
estimated at one and one-quarter to one and
one-half millions of dollars. The insurance is
reported at something less than nine hundred
thousand dollars. There was, fortunately, no
loss of life, and no serious casualties. It is
reported that the entire district will be re
built at once, though it is expected that the
buildings will be on somewhat less costly scale
than those destroyed. Coming as it does in
a time of depression this loss will fall heavily
on the people, but it must be said for Atlanta
that her people have grit and energy and are
not easily cast down.
The Usual Thing.
Lima despatches, of May 4, report the gov
ernment of Peru as diligently hunting for a
revolution which is wandering around some
where in the limits of that Republic.
Despatches from Carthagena, Colombia, al
lege that Panama on the west, and Venezuela
on the east, are both itching for slices of Co
lombian territory, and in consequence thereof
that serious trouble is brewing, which is like
ly to call for the display of much tact by the
Hon. Wm. H. Taft, to keep his protege, the
Panama Republic, out of trouble.
Human Monstrosities.
The residence of one Mrs. Guinness, near
La Porte, Ind., was recently burned, during
the night. In the ruins were found the char
red bodies of a woman and three children,
supposed to be Mrs. Guinness and her three
children. The hired man was arrested, and
the investigation developed, shows the woman
to have been a professional murderess for
money. It seems now reasonably certain that
she was responsible for ten or twelve mur
ders.
On May 10, at Montgomery, Ala., one
Janies Kennedy (a negro), angry with his
wife, locked up the house with seven small
children inside and, setting fire to it, all the
children were burned to death.
It appears incredible that such human mon
sters should live among us, but the daily news
columns constantly keep us reminded that
there are very many human creatures far
worse than the beasts that perish and whose
crimes are so horrible that no punishment is
adequate.
The Resources Convention.
There is in session at Washington this week
one of the most important meetings ever held
in this country. About 40 State Governors,
and probably 200 other representative men,
are in session at the White House with Pres
ident Roosevelt presiding. The purpose of
this unique gathering is to discuss how best to
preserve and to utilize the natural resources
of the country, which we have been wasting in
a most alarming manner. To those who have
given the matter impartial thought, unbiased
by greed of gain, it, has for some years been
apparent that the present rate of inroad upon
our forests and mines would in another gener
ation, or at most two, bring upon us the curse
of Spain. That country, once the most fertile
and powerful in Europe, is now for the most
part a dreary desert, inhabited by a pauper
ized people. All this because their forefathers
could not, or would not, recognize the patent
fact that a constant checking upon the bank
without ever reinforcing the deposits, must
eventually result in the exhaustion of the ac
count. President Roosevelt has taken the ini
tiative, and called into council those who are
in touch with every section and of sulficient
intelligence to recognize the necessity of
prompt action.
The Congress.
The President thunders his messages at
Congress and the Congress receives them, not
always politely —and does nothing. Let us
amend that; it does something: it spends more
money for expenses than any other governing
body in the world, and it constantly edges
around to see if it dare do a little more for
the pampered favorites of legislation for
whose benefit this government seems to be
run. The legislation of this session for the
public benefit can be accurately described with
a big round 0.
Senator Perkins and Hawaii.
Senator Perkins, of California, is out in a
magazine article on the importance of our
making a Gibraltar of Hawaii. The utmost
ambition of our modern statesmen seems to
consist in a heroic effort to copy Great
Britain. It may be true that Great Britain
is a howling success in this imperial business.
But how about the English and Irish and
►Scotch p*-ple"I What about England where
one man m every six is dependent, more or
less, on poor house aid 0 ? If this is the fruit
of imperialism, is it not worth while to think
before we go too freely into the Gibraltar
business'?
The New San Francisco.
In the great fire, two years ago, 497 blocks
of the city’of San Francisco were destroyed.
Press reports of the past week show that in the
short space of two years by far the greater
part of the burned district has -been rebuilt.
Bank clearings for 190/ exceeded by $36,0uU,~
000 the combined clearings of Los Angeles,
Seattle, Spokane, Tacoma and Oakland.
Deposits in banks are reported to exceed
by $12,500,000 the combined deposits of all
the cities above named. This is a wonderful
showing and entitles the people of San Fran
cisco to much credit for their pluck, energy
and determination.
An Epochal Building.
On Monday, in Washington, D. C., was laid
the corner stone of a splendid building in
which is to be housed the offices of the Bureau
of American Republics. Twenty-one Ameri
can Republics are participants. The build
ing is to be constructed of Georgia marble.
In view of the fact that the commercial fu
ture of our country as relates to foreign trade
lies mainly to the south of us, in the rapidly
developing republics of the great South Amer-