A SOLUTION OF THE COTTON
QUESTION.
By M. P. Roane.
The farmers of the South produce
four-fifths of the cotton crop of the
world, and four-fifths of that amount
is produced in eight Southern States.
The farmers of those states ought to
have warehouses sufficient to store
their cotton. Then when cotton is
stored, let each state take over these
warehouses, not by purchase, but by
the consent of the farmers of each lo
cality, and operate them as state ware
houses, the state to require each farm
er who stores his cotton to pay the
storage and fire insurance with such
companies as the state may require.
Then the state to loan the people who
had stored their cotton in the different
warehouses cotton notes, these notes
to be in denominations of ones, twos,
fives, tens, twenties, and fifties, to the
amount of eight cents per pound, these
notes to be non-interest bearing. The
governor of each state would announce
that the state would accept them (the
cotton notes) for taxes due the state.
The different counties would receive
them for taxes. This would
states of the south a good local non
interest bearing currency which would
enable the producers of cotton to
price their own product to the manu
facturer, for the farmers would have
a currency that is far better than the
state bank money we had before the
Civil War. This is the sub-treasury
plan of government warehouses car
ried out by the states instead of the
general government. This will not vi
olate any U. S. laws, for the states
have a right to endorse railroad bonds,
etc. By endorsing railroad bonds the
state is helping a small part of its
population, on the other hand by en
dorsirig the cotton notes it would help
the whole people hnancially.
PRIZE WINNING BIRDS.
Mr. Wm. J. Lloyd, whose advertise
ment will be found on another page,
is the cerator of the Columbian Wy
andottes —“the bird of the future.”
These birds have won at Atlanta, at
the Georgia State aFir, and the ex
hibit of the Georgia Poultry Assacia
tion; also at Marietta and at the ex
hibit of the Augusta Poultry Associa
tion at Augusta, Ga. In November,
1908, he won a total of 15 prizes. Mr.
Lloyd has exhibition and breeding
stock for sale, and our readers who
are interested in high-grade poultry
should by all means write to him at
Chattahoochee, Ga., for rescriptions
and prices.
SPIRIT OF THE AGE.
Bella —“But, my dear, it’s a se
cret; I vowed on my honor not to
tell.”
Stella —“Go ahead; I’m listen
ing.”—Chicago Journal.
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write for Our 1909 Seed Catalogue
Buy of us Seed. Grains Corns, Melons, Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses, In
secticides, Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and (.ypner’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for American and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown
a deep-dyed-ln-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. Write for prices
to W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
2t\AMHliaN CM Yi-
II Post Ms ITCQ
No Two Alike
I Over one million of these beautiful “American Girl” cards will be given away during the next 90 days.
We want to send YOU a complete set. They are very beautiful. Read this remarkable offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian Six Months 1 ALL FOR
Up-to-Date Farming Six Months
20 “American Girl” Post Cards SO
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange CENTS
Above is a wonderful offer, and should bring thousands of orders. But we are going to make a still
better offer, and this is what we want every present subscriber to work for.
FIFTY BEAUTIFUL ‘‘TOUR OF THE WORLD” POST CARDS FREE.
We want to send you 50 beautiful Water Colored Post Cards, no two alike. They show 50 different
views of famous historical places, reproduced direct from photographs, taken by a noted traveler and
expert photographer, on a trip around the world.
We invite you to take a “Tour of the World” on Souveuir Post Cards with us. This is our route, and
you must note carefully the interesting places we are going to visit:
WHERE WE GO WHAT WE SEE WHERE WE GO WHAT WE SEE
1. Washington, I). C,Washington Monument 26. Italyßome, Trevi Fountain
2. New York Harbor Statue of Liberty 27. Italy Venice
3. Buffalo——Niagara Falls 28. Germany'.Castle of the Rhine
4. Mississippi-. Cotton Picking Scene 29. Portugal—, —Fountain of Lelria
5. Chattanooga ———.Lookout Mountain 30. Spain——. Bull right at Valencia
6. Mexico City ..Castle of Chapultepec 31. Spain——. Ancient Church
7. Panama. —.Panama Canal- 32. Greece—...— Athens, Nit Svkavetters
8. England ....——— London, ♦. arliament Bldg. 33. France —Paris, Church La Madeleine
9. England.—.., ——.——.The Round Tower 34. France. Paris, Louvre Art Gallery
10. England London, Westminster Abbey 35. France..........—Chateau de Binard
11. England. —— Shakespeare's Birthplace 36. Manchuria....——.Liadyang, Battleheld
12. England..— Oxford College 37. Egypt Excavating a Temple
13. England . Ann Hathaway’s Cottage 38. Egypt —Great Nile Bridge
14. England Castle 39. Egypt—-Cairo
15. Scotland Loch Katrine Lake 40. Egypt Grand Sphinx
16. . ScotlandEdinburg, Scott’s Monument 41. Switzerland The Jung Frau Peaks
17. Irelandßlarney Castle 42. Switzerland Lakes and Mountains
18. Ireland Lakes of Killarney 43. Switzerland Swiss Alps, in the Alps
19. Italy .Milan Cathedral 44. Switzerland.... Hospice in the Alps
20. Italy. Arch of Constantine 45. SwitzerlandA Monastery
21. Italy. Venice, Palace of Doges 46. Ceylon Colombo Harbor
22. Italy'Rome, Castle of St. Angelo 47. Australia Gold Mining Scene
23. Italy Rome, St. Peters Cathedral 48. China Native Junks and Fishermen
24. Italy The Great Palace 49. China Chefu Harbor
25. Italy Lake Como 50. Japan Tokio, Tea House
||r —r- -i It took the photographer who secured these pictures two years
to trave l th is same route—we have been over it in 15 min
\ ft/ utes. Isn’t this a wonderful trip? Don’t you want this
\ jCr* ' great set? Fifty different cards, all beautifully
\ t&rs. / / — colored by a secret process so that each view
\ \ * s like the original view. This is
\ \ 7 an . en tirely new and superior reproduc-
\ \ 1 WV / tion of these views—never before publish*
\ / ed -
\ Ik V / THIS IS HOW YOU CAN GET THE COM-
\ I\/ /lIKI tZ / PLETE SET FREE
\* •/ 'V 3 / All we ask you to do is to show all of your
T . \ AM 7 7 neighbors the above offer. Get seven of them
\ w/ /LIIf / to hand 50 cents arfd we will send them
Country \ /imW W f ' /SI ' / T each a s j x mont hs’ subscription to the Weekly
Girl, Xi! l ’\VV\\\v\ f /WZllfrx Sil / Jeffersonian, also a six months’ subscription to
The / Up-to-Date Farming, 20 American Girl Post
r : _i \ -
I’ \ ,<X S / ? ate Post Card Exchange. After 7of your friends
lue Hiding \ / have subscribed send us their names and we will send
Girl ami 17 I yQVL return mail the sist X “Tour of the World” cards for
Other Girls v i"7 your kindness. If you can get 3 more subscriptions,
Emikitelv * ~ or a 10, we will also send you a set of 50 views called
r q ~. Zr A Cruise Around the World With Uncle Sam’s Battleships.”
Executed m -A. H
H Natural . ZS! VJUKI THE UP-TO-DATE POST CARD EXCHANGE IS
U Colors xf U » The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange has many thousand members, all
\ over the United States, and in some foreign countries. We will put
7 'W X? / your address and that of each member of your club in the exchange. You
/ v/ shordd rece ive a perfect deluge of post cards from all over the country and
M. X perhaps from foreign countries.
\X fCV) Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous, be
cause it teaches farmers how to market their crops profitably. Our readers
A can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers thev will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
7 Now remember, that each trial subscriber gets the Weekly Jeffersonian for
S six months, also Up-to-Date Farming for six months, 20 American Girl Post
Cards, and in addition they are given a free membership in the world wide Up-to-
Date Post Card Exchange.
OUR GUARANTEE TO YOU
The “Tour of the World” cards are so fine that we will refund you every cent you sent, and give you
the cards into the bargain, if you decide, after you have seen tfcem, that they are not as we represent
them. Sign the coupon attached, and return it to us immediately.
CUT OR TEAR OFF COUPON ON THIS LINE
Publisher of JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and enclosefor
trial subscriptions. Please send all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we renewi
My name
RP T) * PC)
• A • *-'• '~u-.tr •• • 7--■ I- j T - ,i~Tfci_HTTjj -I. S I|.JI ■ -1....
County »«•>•••• J
[Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.]