W. J. BRYAN ANALYZED.
(Continued from Page One.)
as much concerned in favor of good govern-,
ment as was he who voted for Adams or for
Jefferson over a century ago. Wherefore, I
invite you who read to a present scrutiny of
Mr. Bryan; and to determine how far he
should have credit for either wisdom or sin
cerity.
“A Statesman is a Dead Politician.”
Once upon a time the late Mr. Reed, in re
tort to one who quoted the utterances of
“statesmen” dead and gone, was moved to
say from his seat in the House: “The gen
tleman cites the words of ones whom he is
pleased to describe as ‘statesmen.’ I would
ask, What is a statesman 1 ? Mr. Speaker, I
will tell the gentleman what a statesman is.
A statesman is a dead politician.”
There was much to be admired in the great
ex-Speaker. I do not. however, go 'with him
in his definition. He would have you infer
no difference between a politician and a
statesman, not made by six feet of earth and
the grasses waving overhead. Now my own
notion would run another way. Being a na
turalist who has made a study of the mam
mal, man, I should say that a statesman is
one who helps the public, while a politician is
one who helps himself.
If this separation be right, then Mr. Bry
an is decisively a politician. There is no
rule, no policy of broad importance to the
public, that discloses in least degree his hand
iwork. Not that in this he is unique. The
same might be said of Mr. Platt and twen-
r Hon. Tlios. E. Watson J
L Will Speak at Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 9 J
1 r Z
f Mr. Watson will speak at St. Nicholas Skating Rink
JL Ponce de Leon Park Z
J This Auditorium is the largest in the South and will accommodate at least 15,000 people
r The Railroads Have Given Reduced Rates For This Meeting 9
W Mr. Watson will make two speeches. The first one at 10 o’clock a. m., in which he will dis- w
1 cuss State Politics. At 8 o’clock at night he will be notified officially of his Nomination for V
A President by the National People’s Party, and he will deliver his speech of acceptance, which will *
cover all the National issues of the day. m
■ This gathering will be one of the most notable of its kind ever held, and every lover of y
gk American freedom, who possibly can, should attend. ■
Inquire about the reduced rates from your railroad agent, or any information you may W
1 desire will be cheerfully given by the Campaign Committee, which is located at Rooms 108 110 y
Kimball House, Atlanta, Ga. .
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ty more who have thought themselves great
men. Self, self, self! That has been ever
the key in which the whole opera of their
lives was sung. One and all they were politi
cians, not statesmen.
Your politician is as hard to destroy as t a
cat or a lie. On the pathetic other hand, a
statesman, having no such saving genius for
the selfish, is readily beaten down. Mr. Bry
an possesses that inveterate bent to live and
breathe politically, so eminent in such as Mr.
Platt. It is this, perhaps, as much as any
other matter, that inclines me to regard him
as Democracy’s coming nominee.
“There is but one lamp,” cried Patrick
Henry on a great occasion, “by which my
feet are guided, and that is the lamp of ex
perience.”
What is the world’s experience of Mr. Bry
an? What is his story? What is a fair anal
ysis of the man? Let me begin with him as
he enters upon his duties as a representative.
And mind you I have only kindly thoughts
of Mr. Bryan. At worst I but feel toward
him, as the Honorable Jerry Simpson felt to
ward a banker: “I have nothing, Mr. Speak
er, against a banker,” explained Mr. Simp
son,-proceeding with a House speech. “Com
monly your banker is an honest, upright, mor
al individual, a credit to the community in
which he lives. I have nothing, I repeat,
against a banker. My position toward him
I might illustrate, by saying it is precisely
the position I hold toward a ferocious insect
that we, who travel far and wide in politics
and stop at bad hotels, now and again en-
counter as an enemy to sleep. Take that fero
cious insect aforesaid. Examine him beneath
a glass if you will. A fair mind confesses
that there is no extravagant iniquity appar
ent in his looks or his construction. He
seems a moral bug. For myself, Mr.
I’ve nothing against him personally. What I
object to is the business he’s in. And so with
the banker: I object only to the business
that he’s in.”
My acquaintance with Mr. Bryan began in
Washington. I came there for the newspa
pers, and was given a Washington experience
that covered eight years. It proved a nour
ishing experience. Not that I hold a Wash
ington experience to be an advantage. Once
I wrote otherwise. I said it would be a good
thing if every last man of our citizenry were
to live six months in Washington, and in
dulge himself in a long point-blank stare at
Government. I know my error now. There
is a mirage that goes with distance, a dream
that belongs with the hazy faraway. These
dreams, these illusions, are the food whereon
one’s patriotism lives. Once in Washington,
one’s illusions disappear. One wakes up*;
those dreams are dissipated. Nothing but the
gross reality remains, and one can’t see the
doll for the sawdust.
Is Apt to Give One’s Country-Love a Chill.
And all this is apt, nay certain, to destroy
one’s ideals: and one’s ideals deserve tender
est care. They are the soul’s orchids —root-
less, frail, beautiful, difficult of cultivation.
A practical man, one whose wisdom is of
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE FIVE