PAGE TEN
ZETTEKJ FROM THE PEOPLE
FROM RIGHT LITTLE, TIGHT LITTLE,
RHODY.
Providence, R. 1., Nov. 12, 1907.
My Dear Mr. Watson:
I am enclosing you money order for two dol
lars ($2) for the renewal of my subscription to
your monthly magazine, also, I desire to have
you send the Weekly Jeffersonian. I am not
quite sure when my subscription to the month
ly expires, but I think it is January, 1908. If
possible, I would like to have the weekly from
now on, but if, in order to get the reduced sub
scription price, it is necessary to have both
begin at the same time, kindly let me know
what extra charge there is and I will forward
same.
I am much pleased with your magazine and
look forward to receiving it every month, and,
while I differ from you, Mr. Watson, on some
of the opinions you express editorially, 1 must
candidly admit that you make me at all times
use my thinking powers, which I suppose is the
real object you have in view; in fact, I be
lieve that your publications and Mr. Hearst’s
are keeping the masses of the people thinking
and better posted on matters that they should
be interested in than anything else published
in this country.
I might also add that I hope that you are
making a success of your work financially be
cause I believe that you are entitled to award
in that way, and I know that if you are you
wfill be able to continue the good work for
the cause of humanity.
With best wishes, I remain, Yours sincerely,
HENRY M. DONNELLY.
P. S. —I purchased copies of your Story of
France some time ago, and in moving somehow
one of the volumes became lost. Is it possible
for me to obtain one of these books without
purchasing both?
(Ans.: Yes. The volumes are sold sepa
rately.)
BEST IN THE WORLD.
Mobile, Ala., Nov. 14, 1907.
Dear Sir: Find express money order enclosed
for two dollars to renew my subscription to
the magazine and weekly Jeffersonian, the
best publications in the world. Can’t do with
out them. Ever your friend,
W. H. H. DAVIS.
EVERYBODY POPULIST NOW.
Monitor, W. Va., Nov. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir: I received a copy of your magazine
some months ago and intended subscribing
then, but many things intervened to make me
put it off. I now send check for $1.50.
Both the old parties seem to have profited
from Populist education. The President's St.
Louis speech was all populist. Hope you are
well and succeeding in your work.
Yom's truly,
A. C. HOUSTON.
AN OLD COMRADE’S LETTER.
Toomsboro, Ga., Oct. 8, 1907.
Dear Friend and Brother: Enclosed you will
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
find postal order for sl, for your paper,, the
Jeffersonian.
I stand pat today for the principles that we
advocated in 1892, when we were howled down,
cursed and counted out, but I thank God that
the scales have fallen from the eyes of so
many of the old Mossbacks. Now they say
our principles are right and Tom Watson is
the biggest man in America. Oh, “what cu
rious folks the people are!” as our negro
John used to pay to me.
With my best wishes for you, for yours, and
for your paper, I still remain, as ever,
B. WYNN.
AND THE ANSWER.
November 16, 1907.
Mr. B. Wynn, Toomsboro, Ga.
My dear Mr. Wynn: I want to assure you
that I read your letter with very great appre
ciation.
Whenever I think of Wilkinson county, the
names that pop into my mind are those of
Captain John T. Lingo, Henry Clay, Capt. Ma
son, Frank Cannon and Brad Wynn. The he
roism displayed by those loyal friends who
stood their ground in those dark days en
graved their names upon my memory so deep
ly that they will never be forgotten. It is
very sad that so many of them died while the
clouds were still low and the wind was from
the east. It is a pity too deep for words that
they could not live to see the triumph of the
principles for which they fought and suffered.
I am glad, however, that such men as you and
my gallant old friend, Captain J. A. Mason,
have survived those cruel times and can now
congratulate themselves that you were faith
ful when so many weaklings gave in. Nothing
would afford me greater pleasure than to see
once more every comrade who stood by me in
those days, and take him by the hand, and
talk of old times.
With kindest regards, your friend, as ever.—
T. E. W.
♦
SYRUP MAKING IS ONE OF THE VERY
BEST EXCUSES.
Buena Vista, Ga., Nov. 12, 1907.
My Dear Watson: I like your two magazines
very much indeed and will renew my subscrip
tion some time very soon. lam sending here
with the names asked for in your card of Octo
ber 29; when your card came to hand I was
very busy making syrup, and could not com
ply with your request promptly.
Kindly take notice of this address tag,
which I enclose. Steed is spelled Stede. Cor
rect this and oblige.
Yours very respectfully,
THOMAS J. STEED.
THAT’S THE WAY TO DO.
Van, Mo.
Dear Sir: I see my time is up for the week
ly paper. Enclosed find $2 for the paper and
magazine.
AMOS STANBAUGH.
THANKS, DONALD.
Savannah, Ga., Nov. 14, 1907.
Dear Mr. Watson: Enclosed find my check
for $4. For this please send magazine and
weekly Jeffersonian to W. U. Pierce, Bloom
ingdale, Ga., and magazine and weekly to Dan
Newton, Claxton, Ga.
Yours truly,
D. H. CLARK.
NEVER TOO LATE.
Calhoun, Ga., Nov. 13, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $1 for
which send me the Weekly Jeffersonian one
year. Please sfcnd this week’s issue if you
can.
I was handed your last week’s issue and
after reading it can’t afford to be without
it any longer, for it is the best educator pub
lished. No one studying reform can afford to
be without it. ,
Respectfully,
F. M. HAULBROOK.
R. F. D. 4.
FROM THE SUNFLOWER STATE.
Stockton, Kan., Nov. 9, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find post office
money order for one dollar and fifty cents to
renew my subscription to Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine.
Very truly,
E. N. WINKLE.
R. F. D. 2.
GLAD TO DO IT.
Kiron, lowa, Nov. 12, 1907.
Enclosed you will find money order for one
dollar to renew my subscription for another
year to your Jeffersonian, and oblige,
Respectfully yours,
SOL PETERSON.
R. F. D. 1.
FROM EX-GOVERNOR ADAMS.
Pueblo, Colorado, Nov. 7, 1907.
My dear Sir: Obedient to your request of
October 31, I enclose list of people who should
be interested in your periodicals. Cannot
guarantee that they will subscribe. Have scat
tered the names over the state. Easy to give
you other names if you wish. Was interested
in your account of how you came to write your
History of Napoleon. Abbot ’s Napoleon is
the only book that ever kept me reading un
til sunrise. It may invent some of the thrill
ing incidents and stirring eloquence but it is
a book of action and as such a safe book to
commend to the youth of the country Have
read your History of .France. It is a splendid
work and I now anticipate the pleasure of
reading your Napoleon some time this winter.
The subject fascinates me —so much so that 1
am now getting out a reprint of “The Man
uscript from St. Helena.” It may be a for
gery but it is brilliant. If you care for it,
I will send you a copy. Very truly,
ALVA ADAMS.