SOME PAGES PROM SYY SCRAP BOOK
HISTORIC MASON AND DIXON’S LINE.
There are many popular errors regarding
the Mason and Dixon line, a boundary laid out
in colonial days which later figured prominent
ly in the affairs of the Republic. The work of
remarking or restoring, as it were, was un
der the direction of a joint commission of
Maryland and Pennsylvania, States proud of
the line because Lord Baltimore and William
Penn were instrumental in having it located.
East state appropriated $5,000 for the restor
ation of the line, which is known as tiie
boundary line between the North and South
and from which comes 1 i Dixie. ’ ’
The work of reconstructing the line was
started as the result of an investigation by the
Pennsylvania Department of Internal Affairs.
There was no trouble about the location of the
boundary, and it was simply to maintain inter
est in the historic line that Maryland lent
co-operation in the work of remarking, which
began actively in April, 1901, and has since
that time been pursued at irregular intervals.
The placing of the markers was in charge
of Edward W. Martin, while Captain W. C.
Hodgkins of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey, had active charge of the field
work. General James W. Latta, former Sec
retary of Internal Affairs, acted as the com
missioner on the part of Pennsylvania, and
Dr. William B. Clark, of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, chief of the Maryland Geological Sur
vey, on the part of Maryland.
Not All the Marks of Stone.
One of the erroneous impressions regarding
the Mason and Dixon line is that it w r as mark
ed altogether with stone. Markers of stone
were used wherever possible by Mason and
Dixon, but at points almost inaccessible they
were obliged to resort to mounds of earth or
rock, and both can be seen intact, after 141
years, on high mountain points to which in
those days of inferior transportation the stones
could not be carried.
Another idea generally entertained is that
the line is thirty feet wide. Recently a farm
er asked one of the engineers if he could not
have a section of the line for private use; that
it was used by neither state, and he could
realize from it by putting out crops. The line
is simply imaginary and the fallacious impres
sion that it is thirty feet wide comes from the
fact that in making the survey Mason and Dix
on cut a gap thirty feet wide through the al
most impenetrable wilderness, traces of which
remain to this day. The survey of this line was
no trivial engineering feat, as some are wont to
believe. It is a well-authenticated fact that
the work cost in the neighborhood of $300,000
and that at one time Mason and Dixon had in
their employ as many as 100 axmen.
Work Was Thorough.
The work started in 1703, at the instance of
William Penn and Lord Baltimore, and the
surveyors were three years in reaching the
northeast corner to the foot of Savage Moun
tain. In 1767 the work was finished from the
tetter point to Virginia, now West Virginia.
THE JEFFERSONIAN
Engineers today at work on the line marvel
at the thoroughness of the work of Mason and
Dixon, who, despite the lack of means of trans
portation and being harassed by the Indians,
accomplished a work which this day the sur
veyors at some points find it difficult to imi
tate. The country is yet rough, engineers
passing through it in making railroad surveys
srate that it is the most difficult of access
they ever encountered.
Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon were as
tronomers of celebrity in England. In 1849
a revision was made of the line by commis
sioners appointed by the states of Pennsyl
vania, Maryland and Delaware. So. accurate
was the work of Mason and Dixon that the
change involved by the correction was less
than two acres, which space was added to the
area of Maryland.
The original stone markers, many of which
are yet intact, were transported from England.
They are of a light grayish brown color, being
a peculiar admixture of sand and limestone
and are distinguishable by a peculiar odor not
unlike sulphur. When a stone is broken this
odor is quite noticeable. The stones which
were planted east of Sideling Hill were landed
at New Castle, Del., and then transported
across the country. Those for points west of
Sideling Hill w 7 ere brought up the Potomac
River on flatboats. The stones weigh in the
neighborhood of 500 pounds, and are four and
one-half feet long by one foot square. It was
no easy task to transport them through the
wilderness.
It has been necessary to substitute about
seventy-five new stones to replace those carried
away or broken up. The new stones are all
of white marble, four and one-half feet long
and ten inches thick. Every fifth stone is a
crown stone, with the coat-of-arms of Penn
on one side and the escutcheon of Lord Bal
timore on the other. The stones on the entire
line number 200, and up to Sideling Hill 133
stones have been placed at intervals of a mile.
West of Sideling Hill they are placed at ir
regular intervals of from one-half a mile to
one and one-half miles. This is necessarv in
the mountains, so that one can be seen from
another. This is done to help local surveyors.
About seventy-five stones were renewed or re
stored. Fourteen old stones that were recov
ered were replaced west of Sideling Hill.
Vandals Meet Violent Death.
Mr. Martin had many interesting expe
riences in retracing and recovering stones. He
has observed that at least eight persons re
sponsible for the removal or demolition of the
stones have met with death in a tragic way
—by suicide, hanging, murder and accident.
The fourteen old stones planted west of Side
ling Hill were recovered near Clearspring,
Md., and hauled to the points where they
have been set. Some were in use in build
ings at door steps, others were converted into
porch steps and others were used as sills in
carriage yards. One was taken up in the
streets of Clearspring, where it was used as a
curb. Two were taken out of the Park Head
church, along the national pike, nine miles
east of Hancock. There are still six of the
original stones in use near Clearspring as door
sills. The people in whose possession they
now are refuse to give them up. This fact
has been reported to the Maryland Commis
sion, but so far no legal proceedings have been
instituted to recover them.
At the town of Ellerslie a beautiful crown
stone has been placed. It is very conspic
uous and is a facsimile of the stone now in
possession of the Pennsylvania Historical So
ciety of Philadelphia. The latter stone was
found in a cellar at the corner of Calvert and
Lombard streets, Baltimore. It came from a
point 155 miles from the northeast corner, near
Fairview', on North Mountain. The stone had
lain there since 1876 and had been forgotten.
It was shipped to Arthur P. Baer & Co., leather
dealers, who desired to present it to Druid Hill
Park, but those in charge of the park refused
to receive it. It was then relegated to the
cellar and was forgotten. Mr. Martin found
a man near Clearspring who had hauled the
stone to the railway station for Mr. Baer, who
had bark interests in the mountain. This led
Mr. Martin to look up the Baers, to find
that the firm had gone out of business. He at
length located where the firm had once been
in business and called there, explaining his
mission, only to be told that there was no stone
in the cellar. He persisted, however, with his
belief that it was on the premises and was at
last permitted to make search, and discov
ered the relic under a lot of rubbish.
Furnished Bullets for Patriots.
The prettiest earth mound on the line is to
be found on the top of the Little Allegheny
Mountain, on the Kennel estates, near Wellers
burg, Pa., and the prettiest stone is on Willis
Mountain, near Ellerslie, Md.
Mr. Martin had many interesting experiences
and found much local legend and fable formed
on the construction of the famous boundary.
If it was possible to repair a broken stone,
Mr. Martin had it hauled to a nearby black
smith shop, w’here it was put together with
iron bands. Chips from the stones were eager
ly sought for as relics. The new 7 stones were
made at the quarry near Cockeysville, Md.
There is a story of interest in connection
with the first stone set up in the northeast
corner, near North East, Md., and Newark,
Del. It had become accidentally broken be
fore the revolution, and the pieces were fast
ened together with leaden bands after the war
broke out; these bands w’ere removed by the
patriots and molded into bullets which were
fired at the British at the battle of Brandy
wine. The upper part of the stone fell and
was lost, and through time the lower part
became covered with earth. The stone was
located in a dark ravine and United States
topographical engineers located the spot.
Workmen in sinking the hole to place the new
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE