PAGE FOURTEEN
SCHOOLS and COLLEGES
"-ww-wB-wwrr-rTTT-ww-w-w-w-w , r --r wT ■ T 1
TheATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
eA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State., Leading School of the South
Large New College Building, Com
«*• plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write catalog and further particulars to
WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S.,' Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga.
1. x'-nj A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls.
1 <tF (iV 1 Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
XJ* JL ” x ▼ X/ Home Life an attrsctive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
. ~ --er- _■ v -r m ■»-. Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
| r
11 5 111 U ID A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
-—— For catalog and further information address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
*1 *V/J| CO Mi
~ For CataI °e and
I nformation address I
John W. Gaines, Pres. I
or Wm. S. Cox, Mgr. I
w*mars— m—w me jb ■■ ■h—
f| GEORGIA MILITARY COLLEGE ©
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
SCHOOL WITH A RECORD WW
i'.j Faculty of 17 Teachers
gt // '■ ■ AJkx'iO.VA
E ac h a specialist. A.8., B.S. and Com-/
mercial Courses. Best Business Course \
VS® ? South. Army officer on active list, Com
llW'l mandant. Discipline like West Point
Cadets in barracks. Every facility for
Jibs doing the best work. Cost $165.00 for Ul
inljk 7 year—includes two uniforms. Illustrated 1/ VI
catalogs ready—Free.
Address
| box 82 WILLIAM E. REYNOLDS, President
V ' 4 -■ > •- -ir- • f. -w-w— ■r, I —ll|l JU JI
524.75-SCHOLARSHIP—S24.7S
Three Months’ Course of Bookkeeping or Shorthand
Typewriting, $24.75, payable on enrolling; only $1.90 a
week thereafter.
Six Months’ Combined Course of Bookkeeping and
Shorthand and Typewriting, $48.75, payable on enroll
ment; only $1.90 a week thereafter.
Life Scholarship for Bookkeeping or Shorthand and
Typewriting Course, including auxilliary branches, $36.00,
payable on enrolling.
Monthly Rate, only $9.00, payable in advance.
Send Money Now. If you cannot enroll before Au
gust 31, send money at once, $36.00 for Life Scholarship
Single Course, or $68.00 for Life Combined Course, and
will teach you by mail FREE, until you are ready to enroll.
ARTHUR C. MINTER, Manager
Draughon’s Practical Business College
ATLANTA, GEORGIA
fersontan
The Mongolian and the
American Girl
A recent deplorable tragedy in
which a refined girl lost her life in
New York’s Chinatown, ought to set
reformers to thinking how to “re
form” the perhaps honest but ill
advised missionary work done by
certain metropolitan churches among
the Chinese —mostly “coolies”—who
have settled in this country.
No doubt the souls of the Chinese
are as precious in the sight of their
Creator as are the souls of the white
race; but that is not the point.
Should we send our girls into China
town perhaps to become moral and
physical wrecks in order to save —or
attempt to save—the Mongolian?
As long ago as 188 6 —at a time
when the writer was a very young
man—-he pondered long on the meth
ods employed by one of New York’s
most influential Sunday schools. It
seemed to him then —and subsequent
events have strengthened his belief
—that turning a single Chinaman
over to a refined girl for instruction
was the height of indiscretion —not
to put it in stronger terms.
Why give a Mongolian individual
instruction anyway? Is he entitled
to any greater consideration than our
own boys and girls? And even
though this is conceded, if you are
desiro s of giving him the Truth, and
he must have individual instruction
—what is the objection to sending
our bright young men to him? If
the heathen are really anxious to
avail themselves of the Christ Prin
ciple, we should not endanger our
girls by close association with the
often designing Mongolian. He ought
to be taken in charge by our young
men.
Selling Raw Material
Unprofitable
(Concluded from Page 2)
the entire wealth of the country. As
far back as 1902, the Steel Trust
owned sixty-seven per cent, of the
iron and steel of the United States —
equal in value to all the agricultural
property,—and had at its disposal
200,000 voters —more than the vot
ing power of Vermont and New
Hampshire. One effect of the Civil
War was to change the government
as it was first established, and it is
now controlled by men, many of
whom are owners of stock in some
of the trusts. Between the shrewd
and diabolical machinations of those
directly interested in trusts and the
indifference or want of statesman
ship on the part of those who are
not, the people at large are the suf
ferers. A country blessed with all
advantages necessary to make it a
great nation and a desirable land to
live in, has had these advantages
prostituted to the selfish interests of
a few, who have grown rich, while
the larger part of the people have a
hard fight for existence.
Newspapers and politicians boast
that the exports of the United States
States exceed the imports by $465,-
000,000 a year. If the nature of
both the exports and imports, and
the manner in which the traffic is
Unspeakable things are occasional
ly leaking out, due to the false no
tion that young girls have a refining
influence over the Chinese, and the
earlier the reformers get after this
practice of individual instruction of
the Mongolian by our pretty Ameri
can girls the less will be the sorrow
occasioned in our homes by the inti
mate association of young girls with
unscrupulous “coolies.”
Since the above was written, Miss
Helen Clark, who has labored for
seventeen years among missionaries,
being director of the Clark Mission,
at No. 195 Worth street, New York
city, substantiates our attitude by
very strong language.
“There are many things to be said
on both sides of the question, in de
fense as well as in arraignment of
the Chinaman,” said Miss Clark.
“Only a person on the inside can un
derstand. But there is only one an
swer to it all. White women must
leave the lives of Chinese men alone.”
“And you do not believe any white
woman should endeavor to Chris
tianize Chinamen?” she was asked.
“For seventeen years I have urged
the folly of that. All about me I
have seen the ruin and wrecked
homes. Case after case that parallels
Elsie Sigel’s, with the exception of
its tragic termination. But even so,
death is better than some things. I
have believed from the very begin
ning that it was impossible for white
women to properly influence Chinese
men. My belief and practice on this
point have made my labor harder and
my mission attendance smaller. In
my classes for Chinese men I have
had Christian men as teachers. —
New Amstel Magazine.
carried on, were examined into, it
would leave little ground for self
gratulation. Three-fourths of the
exports consist of raw material, haul
ed off by foreign steamers. It is be
cause the material resources of the
country are (or were) great, and
these are carried off by other coun
tries which make big profits on the
manufacture and trade in this mate
rial, while the United States is dis
posing of valuable capital at but lit
tle profit to the country. If much of
the wheat, cotton, lumber, and other
articles were first manufactured at
home, and then exported, the value
would be from three to ten times
greater. Most of the imports to the
United States comes on foreign ves
sels which carry back loads of raw
material for manufacturing purposes
in foreign countries. Other nations
make manufacturing profits on raw
material from this country which
gives the producers no profit at all.
While much of the natural boun
dary of the United States is formed
by navigable waters, yet it has fewer
merchant vessels on the oceans than
any other commercial country that
can boast of one hundred miles of
water front. It has a large navy of
war vessels, but these are but an ex
pense to the government. While the
fleet of war vessels was making the
holiday excursion around the world,
which cost over $20,000,000, they