PEOPLE’S PARTY STATE CONVENTION.
The People’s Party of Indiana is hereby
called to convene in Mass Convention, in the
city of Indianapolis, at the Hotel English, on
Saturday, June 6, at 10 o’clock a. m., for the
purpose of nominating a State ticket, choos
ing presidential electors, reorganizing the
State Central Committee and transacting any
other necessary business.
All persons who desire to affiliate with the
People’s Party are respectfully invited to at
tend and participate.
By order of the State Central Committee.
F. J. S. ROBINSON, Chairman.
Cloverland, Ind., May 1, 1908.
TO THE VOTERS OF THE NORTHERN
CIRCUIT.
I have never been a member of the Legis
lature or held an office; I have never been a
factor in any caucus where the offices of the
state were parceled out; I have never en
tered into any political combine wherein the
“I tickle you and you tickle me” ethics pre
vailed; therefore I have no influential legis
lative associates in each county in the cir
cuit to aid me, no caucus influence to bind
anyone, no combinations depending upon my
candidacy, no political debts to pay. and no
one to control my actions should I be elected.
I am absolutely standing in my own shoes,
owing allegiance to no factions, cliques or
combines, but free to discharge the duties of
the office to which I aspire without fear or
favor to any man on God’s earth. The cre
dentials I offer is the favorable recommenda
tion of the bar and grand jury of my county
and the valuable commendation of my precep
tor in the law, the Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
As I cannot change the statutory laws pro
viding compensation for and defining the du
ties of Solicitor General, any promises I
might make pertaining thereto would be mere
ly a bait to mislead voters.
The General Assembly of your state pre
scribes the duties and fixes the compensation.
Had I served three sessions in that honorable
body; been in favor of changing the present
salary of the Solicitors General of two hundred
and fifty dollars to three thousand dollars per
annum; been on the committee which had
charge of a bill providing for such a radical
change, and quietly submitted to its being
strangled to death in the committee room, I
pledge you my word I would not pose as a
champion of such healthy populist legislation
in a contest where my personal opinion
would be impotent to change the existing
statutory law.
I would not be honest with you or with
myself if I did not say to you that if the
office of Solicitor General did not pay more
than the salary of two hundred and fifty dol
lars I would not be a candidate. Your Gen
eral Assembly (recognizing-the labor of the
office and the sworn duty of the Solicitor
General) has, in its wisdom, provided certain
fees as compensation. I accord to the Legis
lature of your state more wisdom than I can
claim for individuals, and should I be chosen
as your Solicitor I will bend all my
energy to enforcing the statutes as I find
them. The evils consequent upon the “fee
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
system” do not necessarily flow from the sta
tutory provisions, but rather from “court
made” law.
Should I be chosen Solicitor General of
this circuit I will endeavor to administer the
office according to the statutory provisions,
and if the Grand Juries of the respective
counties will assist me in discounting frivo
lous and malicious prosecutions, the great
evil of the “fee system” will be overcome.
Believing that candidates for political pre
ferment should bear the burden of their cam
paign expenses, I pledge my honor not to of
fer for Congressional or other political office
during my term of office or within two years
thereafter. I want the office of Solicitor for
the benefit it will be to me financially and pro
fessionally, and not as a stepping stone for
future preferment.
The office of Solicitor General is one of hon
or and duty, and should I be chosen as your
Solicitor, I will maintain the former and faith
fully discharge the latter, regardless of any
consequence to my future.
My two honorable opponents now enjoy the
lucrative positions of Solicitors of their re
spective City Courts, under the “fee sys
tem.” My distinguished friend, Hon. J. H.
Skelton, has been sucking the “fee system”
cow for years—in fact, he created the Hart
well City Court cow (of which he is the So
licitor) and equipped her with a “fee sys
tem” teat instead of a “salary” teat. (See
Journal of the Senate 1904, pages 422 and
423.) He did this at the very time that he
is now telling you he was opposed to the “fee
system” and advocated the “salary system.”
The Democratic “fee system” teat was all
right so long as Jim got the milk. Now he
wants something else, and the Democratic
“fee system” teat has curdled his stomach—
until after you vote.
Should you honor me with your ballot they
would still hold their offices. You would de
prive them of no honor by conferring an hon
or upon me; you would simply say by your
ballot what you practice with your daisy cat
tle, viz.: “One teat at a time is enough for
each £alf. ”
Hoping to receive your support on the 4th
day of June, 1908, and expressing my sincere
appreciation of same, I am,
Yours truly,
L. D. M’GREGOR.
Warrenton, Ga., May 4, 1908.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrioua. The home builders' guide. Send
stamp tor sample eepy.
FARM AND RAN&M, Dalias, Tea.
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE, ,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit :
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L. D. M’GREGOR.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
•JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE SEVEN