and east of the Moctazuma to the
gulf is the sportsman’s paradise. Five
kinds of pheasants from a little larger
than a quail to a turkey, turkeys,
deer, squirrels, quail, bob cats, occa
sionally a Mexican lion, coons, many
kinds of parrots, and in winter, ducks,
geese, swans, sand hill cranes, and in
all seasons jack rabbits and 44 yearlin
ticks.” Here coffee, lemons, oranges,
limes, mangoes, cocoanuts, papayas,
coeaoil palm and many other fruits
grow wild. Bananas bear in ten
months from the planting. Fish of
all kinds abundant, and as there is no
closed season and hunting is like the
air, free all the time and you can get
Mexicans to do the chores for $lO
or up per month, I think I will try
one winter there. So a party of old
‘‘Confeds,” so old that if there is
anything coming to us if we don’t get
it soon it will miss us, are planning
to “light a shuck” about the first of
December, to camp until spring in old
Mexico.
R. B. Carl Lee.
“THE VIOLET.”
(Continued from Page Five.)
is strong enough to make the trip.
We hate to give her up, too, Flem
mings. She is the sunshine of our
home. ’ ’
After this a messenger boy stopped
at that man’s home daily and left
flowers, magazines, etc., for the little
teacher, always inquiring as to the
state of her health.
The teacher wondered who could be
so thoughtful of her, but always con
cluded it was some of her pupils.
One bright March morning, after
she began to recover, she walked out
on the lawn to gaze at the sea, which
she called her “unruly friend,” and
to stroll on the sunny green lawn.
She had scarcely been there ten
minutes before she heard the familiar
click of the gate and, looking up, she
saw coming toward her a messenger
boy.
He handed her a package. She
opened it and found it to be a box
of fresh purple violets. “My fa
vorites!” she exclaimed, “who sent
them?”
The boy fumbled at his coat but
tons, twirled his hat over his fat,
chubby fist, but finally stammered out,
“Mr. Flemmings, ma’am. The post
master what sends you dem flowers
and thing's ebery day.”
Violet’s improvement was marked
and rapid, and the following Mon
day she resumed her school room
duties.
On her way to her boarding place
that afternoon, she met Charles Flem
mings. Her face flushed up with a be
coming flush, and she tried, in vain,
to conceal her embarrassment.
Her little companion, who had drop
ped behind to gather flowers, came to
her rescue, for, on seeing the young
man, the child ran to him exclaim
ing, “I’ve been to school, uncle! See,
Miss Violet is well, now! Aren’t you
glad, too?”
Flemmings, lifting up the child and
advancing to Violet said, “This is
'Charles Flemmings, Miss Brinson. I
am, indeed, delighted to see you out
again. ’ ’ „
Before Violet could reply the child
cried out, “Oh, uncle, take me and
Miss Violet out in your new boat,
what you named Violet!”
And in less time than it takes to
tell it the trio was having a plasant
row on the lake.
This ride was followed by many
like ones, with the exception that lit
tle Margaret was seldom present.
One day Violet and Flemmings
ventured out when the waves were
too rough, and the wind too strong.
It took all of the young man’s
strength and his companion’s com
bined to force the “Violet,” for they
sailed in no other, along.
At length the Violet became des
perate, and determined to assist old
Father Cupid in his tug of war with
these young hearts. She, becoming
unruly, proved “too many” for the
couple, and soon saw them afloat in
the deep, deep lake.
There was a struggle to reach land,
a cry for help, another struggle, an
other cry for help, but no one re
sponded. Then Violet, overcome
with terror, fell in a dead faint in
the young man’s arms.
'Looking over to the shore, he cried
out, “I can never reach it! Heaven
help me!”
Onward he struggled, the waves
dashing up against him, sometimes
nearly strangling him. 4 4 Help! Help! ’ ’
he cried again, and again.
When he had about decided that a
watery grave should be their lot, he
saw a boat advancing to their rescue.
“Courage!” called the strong
voices of the crew.
“Hurry! I can hold no longer,”
came the fainter answer back.
The boat came nearer and nearer,
faster and faster, and very soon
reached the unlucky couple and turn
ed homeward.
While stimulants were being applied
to Violet, her savior collapsed in the
sinewy arms of one of the crew.
Violet’s eyes did not open until
they reached land. She quickly took
in the situation, and as Flemmings
was borne from the boat, she forgot
her weakness, wet clothes, chilly feel
ings, and calling to one of the men
to lift his head upon her lap, she be
gan to apply restoratives, and sent
all but one man in search for the
neighborhood doctor.
“There is little hope for his recov
•ery, ma’am,” said the one man left.
“See how still and white he is, and I
can’t feel a bit of pulsation.” He
then went to the boat to look for some
more stimulants.
Violet being alone with her savior,
gave vent to her feelings.
11 Oh, Charles,” she cried, 11 you
gave your life for one who did not
love you till now. You loved me all
the time; were so kind to me when I
was ill, and I never guessed you loved
me! Do forgive me, wake up and let
me see those blue eyes once again!’”’
She no sooner said it than the eye
lids of her companion were lifted as
if in obedience to her command.
The following day the “Violet”
was landed, and as she was being
brought to the shore, Flemmings look
ing on, said to his companion, “She
was named for you, ma dliere, and
she has returned the compliment by
winning for me the fairest and sweet
est Violet in the world. ’ ’
44 Yes, she did it, for had the sit
uation not been as it was, you would
never have learned of my love, for
violets are timid, shrinking flowers,
you know.”
'Seffersonlan
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn Seven per cent interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KNIFE FREE
PHOTO OF THOS. E. WATSON
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new
yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will
mail a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a transparent
handle containing the latest photograph of the Hon.
I hos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of
the very finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of
German silver, the linings of plate brass, all beauti
fully finished. The photograph of Mr. Watson is life
like ; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader.
This Offer is Good for Thirty Days
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2%
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
10 Gold Bordered Friendship Flower Cards Free
I want to make yon a present of this beautiful set of ten four-colored -'old
bordered friendship cards. They are FREE. In brilliant natural colors -md '’full
gold background. These gold cards are the newest, richest, most expensive ’ami ex
quisite cards you have ever seen. They are yours for the asking On each card is
a poem that is a masterpiece, and its perfect rhythm ami tender’ sentiment touches
a responsive chord in every heart. Each card has a dlfferenl verso Th<> Lows
are wonderfully true to life. 1 "* ' ltWh
1 can not give you an adequate conception of these cards without vour seeing
them yourself. That is why 1 want to send you a set free. All I a«k is that voii
will show the cards to live of your friends, and send us four cents in stamns to
cover the postage and packing. You will be the most delighted person in ’the wor d
when you see them. Whatever you do. act quickly, and they are vours and flftv
more, too. * ‘
SEND THE COUPON.
Fill out and mail the coupon to-d
and I will give you our easy plan of
ting 50 or 100 more of the most beau
postcards you ever saw. Get our
easy plan at once and act quickly befo
omeone else gets ahead of you in
district.
Garrett Wall, Dept. 87. Evanston, 111.
Enclosed please find two cents in
(lay. stamps, (4c). Send me the 10 beauti
o- e t. Gold Postcards. I promise to show
itlful them to five of my friends. Tell me
new llow to 'iffy more free.
>re s Name
your
Address
PAGE FIFTEEN