the same rate of increase should con
tinue for a hundred years that pre
vailed for the seven years previous
there would be four hundred million
Christians in China. This opinion af
fords encouragement, when we re
member that it took three centuries
to convert the Roman Empire, and a
thousand years more to convert Eu
rope. The population of the Empire
was one hundred and twenty millions;
the population of Europe then was
not more than one-fourth of that of
China today.
It is claimed in the article in the
Jeffersonian Magazine that the money
spent on missions should all be spent
at home. The writer draws a dark
picture of society in some parts of
America. There is surely a wiser
course than the one he proposes. The
Christian people of America give
about nine millions a year for foreign
missions. That is about one-half of
one per cent, of what all the people
of America pay for religion and ed
ucation and benevolence in America.
That is a drop in the bucket com
pared with the enormous sums spent
for luxuries and pleasures. That
would not pay the drink and tobacco
bill of the American people for for
ty-eight hours. The people of this
great and good land are abundantly
able to provide church and school
privileges for every man and woman
and child in our borders. Besides,
cutting off our gifts for foreign mis
sions would hinder rather than help
the situation. Jacob A. Riis says
that once he was opposed to foreign
missions. Later he learned that the
spirit that sent one dollar to China
or India or Africa released ten dol
lars for work at home. Cutting off
supplies abroad would dry up the
springs of liberality and less would
be done in consequence. The Old
Book says that “There is that scatter
eth, and yet increaseth; and there is
that withholdeth more than is meet,
and it tendeth to poverty.”
Men who have visited the fields
and have obtained first-hand infor
mation speak in highest commenda
tion of the missionaries and their
work. President Taft says that be
fore he went to the Orient he en
joyed a smug provincialism. He
could laugh at Mrs. Jellyby and her
plans. In an address made April 20,
Preaching and Teaching
and Facts
H]
N CONNECTION with the for
eign missionary discussion, it
is interesting to note that
neither the great apostle
Paul, the apostle to the Gentiles,
nor any other of the apostles who
carried the glad tidings abroad, ever
went beyond the Aryan or Cau
casian race. The Gentiles visited all
belonged to this race; so did the
Jews, and it was to these and these
only that the gospel was preached.
No effort to extend “Christendom”
beyond the Caucasian race has ever
been successfully attempted. • It is
doubtful if any black or yellow man
has ever arrived at a saving knowl
edge of the gospel in the last nine
teen hundred years, and not only has
failure attended every effort to evan
gelize these yellow and black races,
1908, he said, “In the progress of
civilization you can not overestimate
the immense importance of Christian
missions. No man can study the
movements of modern civilization
from an impartial standpoint and not
realize that Christianity and the
spread of Christianity are the only
basis for the hope of modern civi
lization in the growth of popular
self-government.” He testified that
the missionaries in China and in oth
er lands worthily represent the best
Christian spirit of this country, and
are doing worthily the w’ork they
were sent to do. W. T. Ellis was
sent to study missions on the field.
He was sent by a syndicate of Ameri
can newspapers. He was to get the
facts and report them. Since his
return he has been speaking con
stantly in favor of the missionary
enterprise. He is a missionary en
thusiast. W. J. Bryan is the most
eloquent advocate of foreign missions
now living. He made it a point to
know the missionaries and the w’ork
they are doing. John Wanamaker
made a tour of the world. On his
return home he wrote his check for
one hundred thousand dollars for
the work on the fields. He expressed
his regret he had not gone earlier
that he might help the cause for a
longer period. He called upon men
of large means to join him in support
ing this cause on a worthy scale.
The writer of this review has vis
ited all the great mission fields of
the world. He met thousands of
missionaries and saw the work they
have done and are doing. He feels
that it would be a piece of imperti
nence for him to command the men
and the women who represent the
heroic element of our modern Chris
tianity, and who are doing a work
that President Benjamin Harrison
pronounced the most influential and
enduring work that is being done in
this day of great enterprises. He
believes that if the editor of the Jef
fersonian Magazine would devote a
year or two to a missionary tour of
the world he would revise his con
clusions and would award praise
where now he awards only blame.
NOTE.—Mr. Watson’s comment
upon this letter will be found in the
editorial columns.
By R. A. MYERS
but they have also been impervious
to every advance of civilization since
history began to be recorded.
• On ancient maps that part of the
world inhabited by the yellows was
denominated Scythia, and for three
thousand years it has withstood and
is still withstanding the advance of
civilization and that subtle result of
education which we call culture.
Assyrian, Babylonian, Persian, Greek,
Roman and Christian civilization have
successively and in vain knocked at
Scythian (Mongolian) doors. It is
knocking still, but the Dragon still
holds the key, in the dark, while the
Light of the World is shut out. All
Mongolia has been bombarded for
ages by the brave souls who would
enter with “glad tidings” of culture
and the resultant development—Cy-
Gb* 3effersonkm
rus Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne
and our own blessed “foreign mis
sionaries” of this Christian era; but
the imperturbable, incorrigible, in
vulnerable heathen is a heathen and
a barbarian still.
Doubtless Christ knew this w’ould
be so, hence His own true disciples
were not permitted to encourage for
eign missions—at least not in Scy
thia. What about Phillip and the
“Ethiopian?” Just, first of all, let’s
prove that this Ethiopian was a black
man.
We can come a little closer home as
to time and place: What have the
missions or the churches ever accom
plished among the yellows (reds)
and blacks here in our own land?
After nearly four hundred years
among the Indians w r e all still know 7
that “the only good Indian is a dead
one.” And we are equally certain
that after over tw r o hundred years in
intimate association with and educa
tion by the whites, “a nigger’ll be a
nigger till he dies.”
Offering Christianity to a yellow’
or black race strongly resembles a
prostitution of the Christian religion
—giving that which is holy to dogs.
They want it only for base purposes
of gain, and they make a pretense
of accepting and preaching it only
to cover a form of wickedness worse
than heathenism or barbarism.
When Christ used the word
“preach” (Gr. evangelizo) He meant
“to tell or announce good news,” i. e.
/ Guarantee fa Cure
> JSITII STAY CURED! \
Wa It is also called SALT W
V&J RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, WW
Mt / TETTER, ITCH, WEEPING nr ,
/J/ftl SKIN, MILK CRUST, PRU- ?5e Doctor who
Mn~l J RlTUS—these are different treats nothing
names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing—ECZEMA.
■ A E’DE’E* TDIAI Reliable Beyond Question I
Is OlKilKll S R*Sv*lmi This is a statement from the
Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for \vhere M
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, If you have & )r ve done business
taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you are J cari> -
■ disgusted, write to me—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREE IN
A. TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings ret ciTirc>.se*rioNAL eAN«or scoauia.
■ to this statement. There is not one cent to pay—not a penny
accepted. I know what my trial treatment will dp; I know
■ that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that kmuaw
, you need my treatment. February 11th, 1908. o|ij
■ Don’t Miss This Chance for a Cure To m concm , ;
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia certifies that
■ cured one way—REMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr- Cannaday’s patlente, from all BB
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By over the United Statea, have been
Cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money In this bank
■ My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at w t»ile they tried his treatmant on aS
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take eczema. In all thia time we have afl
treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN . n called upon but five time.
B needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 return the patients money.
|H —think of that I . . . dled bßf ore the fcjg
H iiyi. > treatment was shipped: two did not H
what Eczema IS « 9t the treatment as it was lost
.«. l, j . - . „ . .., ln transit; one paid cash for the
Eczema Is ajdieease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatment three days later after
body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet, genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one was not I
■ SYMPTOMS. —Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may JRatiaf led.
H swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then . .
B they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some mi L • f
the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will f\J
■cratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of ths body, where the cloth- 0 7/ * B|
I ing comes in contact. /r. y“: H ~rt-- ~i_ o O®
Ten Years Guarantee gS
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay
Cured 10 YEARS I It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar
B lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. lam the holder of a GOID |
MEDAL taken In Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully S
qualified? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men H
I of all classes. Also testimonials ana pictures from cured patients every-
where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS. r I'
I MY BOOK ■
Is the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.: M
■ form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of * Please send without cost to
many severe cases, which are extremely Interesting. me prepaid Free trial treatment
I send you names of thousands who have been also copy of your Free Book,
cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY /z
I Sedalia, Mo.
B Treatment and literature eent in plain wrapper. ' »
the gospel (resurrection by Him from
the dead). This was “news.” It
had never been “preached” before.
It w’as a moot question that, as to
a future life. But the “gospel
brought life and immortality to
light.”
Now’ the preaching of this gospel
was to “evangelize.” To “teach” was
something else (Gr. didaktos, to
teach). In the Sermon on the Mount
He “taught” them (Matt. 5:2), i. e.,
He instructed them in the moralities
(read the chapter beginning at the
second verse), which is seen to be
very different from divine truths
“evangelized” as the “gospel”—the
good news that through Him w’as at
last opened away by which man
could earn immortality.
“Go evangelize all the nations.”
(Go into the world and preach to it
the new’s of a positively promised
resurrection from the dead.) It w’as
this gospel that brought life and im
mortality to light, the truth of which
had not been revealed before, but
now’ in due season it w r as brought to
light through the gospel.
“Go, evangelize all the nations,
teaching them to observe all things
which I have enjoined upon you”
(Matt. 28:19-20). And this is the
only place in the Bible besides the
fifteenth verse of Mark 16th, where
the command is given to preach the
gospel to the nations. And that the
nations named were Gentiles (Cau
casians) is proven by the statement
PAGE FIFTEEN