“THE AUTHOR OF ST. ELMO?’
W L .-».
w Ink f
f w
The Life Story of Augusta J. Evans
Wilson.
By Mabel S. Keightley, author of
“The World’s Greatest Heroine, —
Mother,’’ “Life,” “Joan of Arc,”
Etc.
On tine table in the little parlor
of the country 'home, or on the library
shelves in the mansion of the million
aire, one can find “St. Elmo,” by Au
gusta J. Evans Wilson, if not others
from her pen.
Mrs. Wilson’s modesty has denied
her admirers the gratification of
knowing more about the brilliant au
thoress who, like >a. star, burst upon
the literary heavens over a half cen
tury ago, a little star that grew and
enlarged until it attained a brilliancy
which for real literary merit has rare
ly been surpassed since that time.
As a writer she was not prolific,
her books numbering only eight, and
though she frequently had munificent
offers for short stories and newspaper
articles been made, all were gracious
ly declined.
As a child Mrs. Wilson’s delicate
constitution forbade the confinement
of the school room, thus her early ed
ucation was attained from her moth
er, a woman of rare refinement and
superior intellect, who made of her
daughter a companion, and by this
means developed the precocity of
which her early stardom as an author
ess was the result. When still quite
young the family moved to iSan Anto
nio, Texas, then a frontier state,
Which soon after became headquarters
for the troops sent to assist General
Taylor in the Mexican war. Un
doubtedly the glittering uniforms
of the soldiers, the stirring martial
musiic, combined with her marvelous
imaginative brain, inspired the theme
for “Inez; A tale of the Alamo”—a
vivid pen,portrayal of the times. It
was written at the early age of fifteen
and presented to her father as a
Christmas gift, who heretofore had
been ignorant of his daughter’s liter
ary ability and aspirations. The
book was first published by Harper in
1855.
Owing to the disorganized social
conditions which the war had wrought
reavement of her father’s death,
Under The Vine and Tig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
in Texas, they left for Mobile, Ala
bama, where the young author’s .sec
ond book was completed. With the
manuscript of “Beulah,” Miss Evans
journeyed to New York, w*here she
might personally negotiate for its
publication, as the returns from her
former book had not been encourag
ing. The first publisher visited re
jected it, but nothing daunted, this
delicate southern gentlewoman sought
an interview with Mr. Derby, of Der
by and Jackson, who asked permis
sion to first submit the manuscript to
the members of his family. Needless
to say their approval was unanimous,
and the firm immediately arranged
for its publication. li ßeulah’ ’ at once
arrested the attention of the reading
world, and edition after edition was
put out in rapid succession.
Her next pook, 1 ‘ Marcaryi; or Al
tars of Sacrifice,’ ’ was written during
the Civil 'war. Os tlhat time she said,
“The solemn, anxious, torturing, yet
'holy four years of tears, prayers, vig
ils beside hospital cots, of nights
passed on my knees in prayer for
dear ones in battle line, those few
vivid terrible years constitute
for me the most sacredly, sacrificial
portion of my life.” This frail,
'though loyal daughter of the south
land, sewed for soldiers, visited them
in camp, nursed the sick and wounded
and wrote her “Marcaria” while
watching at nights beside their cots.
It was sent through to Mr. Derby in
New York by a blockade runner, hav
ing been printed by a Virginia, firm
upon coarse brown paper, the best
then that could be procured in the
south. The novel was “dedicated to
the brave soldiers of the Southern
army,” and was naturally most popu
lar among them. In one of the bat
tles a bound copy, hastily thrust in
the breast pocket of a soldier un
questionably saved his life, as after
the engagement a bullet was found
embedded in its leaves.
In 1866 “St. Elmo,” Mrs. Wilson’s
most popular book, was given to the
world. Its success was instantaneous,
its sale tremendous, and at the pres
ent time the demand for the book is
still great. With the possible excep
tion of Mrs. Stowe’s “Uncle Tom’s
Cabin,” no book has been so widely
read, or (translated into so many lan
guages. In fact, it has been said a
traveler visiting the Taj Mahal at
Agra in India, so superbly described
in the story, came upon a Parsee boy
sitting in the shadow of the tomb pro
foundly engaged in reading a London
edition of this book. Babies, hotels,
houses, animals have been named af
ter this character. One of Mrs. Wil
son’s treasures is a fine painting of
the famous Italian greyhound. “Mas
ter St. Elmo,” principal of the novel
of the same name, and who figured so
prominently at the time of the St.
Louis fair, he being the only dog per
mitted to ride on the street cars. An
other gift much valued by the author
ess is a copy of her novel magmificent
ly bound 'in hand-tooled leather, ele
gantly illustrated, presented by her
publishers, the Dillinghams.
In consequence of the severe be-
151)* Jeffersonian
marriage of Miss Evans to Colonel
L. M. Wilson was delayed for sever
al month's, but on December 2, 1868,
they were quietly married from the
home of her mother. Shortly after
her novel, “Vashiti; or Until Death
Do Us Part*” was finished and Colo
nel Wilson stipulated with the pub
lishers that the original manuscript be
'eturned to him. This being granted,
he had it handsomely bound and pre
sented to his wife, who considered it
one of 'her most precious treasures,
owing to tine sentiment attached. It
might lie interesting to note that this
was before the time of typewriters,
and through the hundreds of pages
not one erasure or correction mars
the beauty of Mrs. Wilson’s clear chi
rography. For a number of years, in
deference to the wishes of her bus
band, Mrs. Wilson gave up writing
and interested herself in beautifying
their lovely suburban home, “Ash
land,” situated at Spring Hill, a few
miles out from Mobile, but later, for
several reasons, the suburban resi
dence was given op for the present
home on Government street, the fash
ionable residence section of the old
southern city on the gulf coast. In
1875, however, “Infelice” appeared,
followed by “At the Mercy of Tiber
ius,” a book which called forth vol
umes of criticism, owing to the plot,
being 'based on electrical phenomena,,
or freaks of lightning. Always posi
tive of herself, Mrs. Wilson made a
complete study of this subject and
she was no doubt greatly amused
when the literary reviewers at that
time criticised the photographing by
lightning on the window-pane at
“Elm Bluff” as “absurd and impos
sible.” The authoress while very
proud of “St. Elmo,” considered
“Tiberius” lher best work, and was
more partial to “Beryl” than all the
other children of her “brain brood.”
It will be gratifying to know that a
successful dramatization of this nov
el has been completed by an Austra
lian playwright and accepted by a
London manager. An announcement
of the production of “St. Elmo” in
the near future has already been
made. Apropos, a certain well known
attorney of Mobile proudly boasts of
his first earned money in that city—
the typewriting of “At the Mercy of
Tiberius.” Eighteen years after its
publication, the story under the title
of “Beryl” appeared as a serial in
“L’Echo,” one of the leading period
icals of Paris.
After the completion of “Tiberius”
nothing appeared from the pen of
this gifted woman for a period of six
teen years. The greatest sorrow of
her life had come upon her, the bright,
beautiful and happy home had been
darkened by the death of her noble
husband, a breaking up of an ideally
happy married life of twenty-three
years. But finally yielding to the re
quests from the admiring public, pub
lishers and friends, she wrote “The
Speckled Bird,” a romance of the
south, just subsequent to the close of
the civil war. Tlhe peculiar title was
derived from the Biblical: “As a
speckled bird, the birds round about
her are against her. ’ ’ This, as well
as her former novels, was greeted
with enthusiastic commendation on
both sides of the Atlantic, testifying
to the marvelous hold her works had
taken upon the hearts of the public-
Her “Devota,” published last year,
while not a lengthy novel, is a story
of supreme strength. At the conclu
sion of the list of this author’s ef
forts not one can be pointed out that
does not contain a moral. Her motive
has always been a desire to redress
some of the multifarious forms of
evil—divorce, skepticism, abuses of
social organizations, etc,, etc.
Mrs. Wilson lived very quietly with
her brother and devoted companion,
. Mr. Howard Evans, in her colonial
home —a home which is stamped with
the refined tastes of the true gentle
woman. It is indeed charming with
its wide verandas, broad halls, gal
leries and high ceiling rooms, the
rooms filled with massive furniture,
the bookcases lined with rare books,
■the walls hung with splendid pictures,
artistic bric-a-brac and flowers—flow
ers everywhere. Over the mantel in
the large drawing room hangs a por
trait of her husband, the late Col.
L. M. Wilson, who, before his death,
was one of the most prominent men
in Mobile.
Until the end, Mrs. Wilson remain
ed unusually fascinating to friends
and visitors of all ages. She was a
■splendid conversationalist, vivacious
aind tactful. She never had any chil
dren, but her step-children and their
little ones have shared loyally in her
naturally warm and loving heart. Os
medium height, and, unfortunately
never of robust health, she was stiil
active in her charitable deeds. She
was loved and honored by all who
knew her, and literally adored by
those of her household. Proof is found
in the devotion of two negro women
who have been with her for consider
ably over thirty years, who watched
over “Miss Augusta,” as they lov
ingly called her, as though she was a
child, more rapid tenderly, if pos
sible, because of her failing eyesight,
which rendered her more dependent.
Serenely resting in the loving care
which was about her, conscious of her
well-spent life, and of devoting her
God-given talents to the best of her
ability, and confident of its good, she
spent the evening of her life in beau
tiful, quiet and ideal peace, like the
soft mellow sunset of a perfect sum
mer day, which gently deepened to
the Eternal Night.
A CELEBRITY ANYHOW.
A few years back a Yorkshire vicar
had a call from the squire’s coachman
who asked him to christen his son.
The vicar asked the name they pro
posed to give the child and the Jehu
replied:
“Cicero.”
“Cicero!” said the vicar. “Why,
he was a great orator.”
“I don’t know about horators,”
replied the coachman, who had happy
memories of having won a bit over
Cicero’s Derby, “but he was a great
’oss.—’Pit-Bits,
PAGE FIVE