Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 10
<in Si
LIVE, let us live. Where is Yes
terday ? Lost forever. Where’s
Tomorrow? It may never come.
Today is here. Within its fleeting
hours runs the onlv certainty that
you’ll ever know. Come! eat, drink and be
merry, for tomorrow you die!
The chains of Self-restraint are galling—
throw them off! The burden of Duty is
grievous—fling it down! The cross of Re
sponsibility is crushing—let another bear it!
Live for yourself: live for the Now: live
for the lust of living.
Drink! and forget dull Care. Drink! and
ease the heart-ache. Drink! and drown the
passion for the unattainable.
See how men are drawn to me! My lights
blaze a brilliant welcome: I am never too hot
or too cold. Mirrored Vanity smirks in my
gilded reflectors: and no one is ill at ease in
my Free-for-all Club. No shrewish wife can
tongue-lash you here: no peevish child annoy
you with its cries. Leave to them, the ugli
ness of your haggard home, and come unto
me for comfort. Theirs, the cold and the
gloom and the squalor—-yours the warmth
and glow and social joy.
Clink your glasses, men! Drink again
“Here's hoping". ’Tis well to toast her here,
where begins the trail to the grave of Hope.
Be jolly; let the place ring with laughter:
relate the newest story —the story that match
es the nude picture on the wall.
What’s that? A dispute, angry oaths, a vio
lent quarrel, the crash of overturned chairs,
the gleam of steel, the flash of guns, the
stream of life-blood, the groans of dying men ?
Oh well, it might have happened anywhere.
The hearts of mothers and fathers, I wrench
with pain: the souls of wives, I darken in
woe. I smite the mansion, and there are
wounds that gold cannot salve: the hut I in
vade, and poverty sinks into deeper pits.
I sow and I till and T reap where T sow,
and my harvest —is what?
Men so brutalized that all of humanity is
lost save the physical shape—men reeking
with moral filth, stony of heart, bestial in
vice—men who hear the name of God with
a wrathful stare, or a burst of scornful mirth,
men who listen to the death-rattle of any
victim of their greed or their lusts without a
sign of pity.
And women, too! How can T fitly sing of
the Woman of my harvest time? Did you
ever hear her laugh? Tt must be the favor
ite music of the damned. Did you ever hear
her ribald talk? The very sewers might
shrink at bearing it away. Have you ever
heard her libidinous songs? Did you-ever
watch her eyes—those defiant, mocking, hope
less, shameless eyes?
What warriors have I not vanquished?
What statesmen have I laid low? How many
a Burns and Poe have I not dragged down
from ethereal heights? How many a Sidney
Carton have I not made to weep for a wasted
. s:^ 0,
THE SONG OF THE -S^R-ROOM
Dum Vivamus, Vivamus I
ofltlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 10, 1910
life? How many times have I caused the
ermine to be drawn through the mud?
Strong am I —irresistibly strong.
Samson-like, I strain at the foundations of
character; and they come toppling down, in
irremediable ruin—while I escape. lam the
cancer, beautiful to behold, and eating my re
morseless way into the vitals of the world. I
am the pestilence, stalking my victims to the
cottage door and to the palace gate. No respec
tor of persons, I gloat over richly-garbed vic
tim no more than over the man of the blouse.
The Church —I empty it: the Jail, I fill
it: the gallows, I feed it. From me and my
blazing lights, run straight the dark roads to
the slums, to the prisons, to the bread-lines,
to the mad-house, to the Potter’s Field.
I undo the work of the School. I cut the
ground from under Law r and Order. I’m
the seed-bed of Poverty, Vice and Crime.
I'm the Leper who buys toleration, and who
has not to cry “Unclean”! I’m the Licensed
ally-of-Sin. I buy from the State the right
to lay dynamite under its foundations. For
a price, they give me power to nullify the
work of lawmakers, magistrates and rulers.
For a handful of gold, I am granted letters
of marque to sail every human sea and prey
upon its life-boats.
Huge battle-ships they build, casing them
triply with hardened steel: and huge guns
they mount on these floating ramparts, until
a mile of Dreadnaughts line the coasts —for
what? To be ready for perils that may never
come. But I give them a pitiful little purse:
and, in return, they issue to me the lawful
right to unmask my batteries on every square;
and my guns play upon humanity every day
and every night, of every year. And were
my Destroyers spread out upon the Sea, they
would cover the face thereof.
Around that grief-bowed woman I threw
the weeds of widowhood —but I paid for the
chance to do it; and they who took my money
knew that I would do it.
To the lips of that desolate child, I brought
the wail of the orphan—but I bought the
right to do it: and they who sold me the right
knew what would come of it.
Yes! I inflamed the murderer: I maddened
the suicide: I made a brute of the husband:
I made a diabolical hag out of the once beau
tiful girl: I made a criminal out of the once
promising boy: I replaced sobriety and com
fort by drunkenness and pauperism—but
don't blame ME: blame those from, whom I
purchased the legal right to do it.
No Roman Emperor ever dragged at his
chariot wheels, on the day of his Triumph,
such multitudes of captives as grace my train.
Tamerlane’s marches of devastation (were as
naught beside my steady advance over the
conquered millions. The Caesars and the
Attilas come and go—comets whose advents
mean death and destruction, for a season:
but 1 go on forever, and I take my ghastly
toll from all that come to mill.
Os civilization’s ocean, I am the builder of
the coral reef on which the ship goes down:
of its citadel, I’m the traitor who lets the
enemy in: of its progress, I'm the fetter and
the clog: of its heaven, I’m the hell.
Influence of Long Service
in Congress
gig
*BHE Southern Congressmen who
1 have been r osting high for a long
| succession q f terms, and who added
I 50 per cent, to their own salaries,
S by a cowardly vote which did not
reveal their names, are extremely anxious to
.prove to the people that it would be a dread
ful mistake to put new men on the the job.
They contend that their length of service
gives them greater influence than a new mem
ber could hope to have.
Influence with whom? The Republicans
are in power, and have been so for almost a
generation. Do these Democratic Congress
men contend that they must be kept in office
because they hatie gained influence with the
Republicans?
In that event, we had better elect straight
out Republicans, who would, of course, have
still more influence with the Republican ad
ministration than Democrats can ever acquire.
But here's a question that you might put up
to those Congressmen who are making use of
the Long-service-great-influence argument:
Did they consider it a good one, when they
were running against the men whom they
succeeded?
Didn’t they, on the other hand, remind the
dear people that the new broom sweeps clean ?
The question for each of us to consider is,
which of the candidates for Congress is the
best man for the place?
Some men might be kept in Congress until
they were as gray as badgers, and they would
never amount to a hill of beans. Others do as
much in one term, and as some do in twenty
years—and more, too.
La Follette and Gore and Beveridge didn’t
wait eight or ten years before they compelled
that New England oligarchy to sit up and
take notice. Bryan made his fame during his
first term. Ben Hill had hardly warmed his
seat before he sprang into national repute be
cause of his debate with Blaine. Henry Clay’s
power dominated the first Congress he en
tered. So did that of George McDuffie.
If a man is fit to make a good Congress
man it is because of his qualities, his mind,
his character, his energy, his devotion to pub
lic service.
Length of service can no more make a good
Representative than length of service can
change a mule into a race-horse.
The Congressman who desires to succeed
himself, and who cannot gain votes by show
ing what he has already done for the coun
try, ought not to expect re-election.
Price, Five Cents