PAGE TWELVE
BY WHAT RIGHT?
(Continued from Page Nine.)
in poverty and ignorance in every state of this
Union?
The American dollar that goes abroad to buy
food, raiment, fuel, medicine and school books
for the children of heathen peoples is a dollar
that is mis-applied. Every American dollar
that is sent abroad to educate heathen children,
is a dollar that goes astray.
Had we a surplus of money, AFTER minis
tering to the wants of OUR poor, it would be
nobly applied were it sent abroad for Charity’s
sake.
Had we no hungry, ill-clad, and ignorant
children in our slums, in our mills, in our
fields, in our mountain cabins, it would be a
Christian duty to extend our benevolence to
the hungry and ignorant children of the hea
then.
But we know that bur own poor are starv
ing in every one of our great cities. We know
that tens of thousands of our boys and girls
are growing up in ignorance. Their parents
are poor and can’t send them to school. De
cent clothing and Trust-priced school-books
are out of their reach. Besides, autocratic
school-boards have made rules which violate
the letter and the spirit of our public school
laws, and which shut out poor children from
the benefits intended for them.
Ambitious boys and girls,—our own flesh
and blood, —yearn for collegiate advantages.
Poverty denies them the blessings they crave.
But eloquent preachers excite unthinking
congregations on the text of “Winning the
world for Christ,” and we give to the heathen
children that which we deny to our own.
It may be a good thing to take seven hun
dred dollars from the common people of
America and appropriate it to the binding of
one Bible in gold, as a gift to the Emperor of
China, —but we doubt it.
It may be a good thing to drain off the
wealth of this country into heathen lands to
maintain commissaries and elaborate school
systems, —but we doubt it.
It seems to us that we have heard, some
where or other, a text, to this effect: He that
provideth not for his own household is worse
than an infidel.
If this is sound gospel for an individual, why
isn’t it sound gospel for a nation ?
H *■ H
Look at the Label on Your Paper.
Friend, is your subscription about to run
out?
Examine the label on the wrapper of your
paper and see.
The law no longer permits periodicals to
keep, on their mailing lists, the names of sub
scribers whose terms have expired.
We are not allowed to send you the paper,
without a renewal of the subscription.
Bear this in mind, friend, and if you find that
your time will soon be out, please renew.
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
If an “Old Guard” Populist were to read cer
tain extracts from the President’s message
without being told what they were, he would
take them to be parts of an open letter from
some good Populist addressed to the present
Congress.
JOUANNET’S GIANT ARGENTEUIL ASPARAGUS ARE THE F
BEST. Price: 100 Roots $1; 1000 for $5. -
JOUANNET’S CABBAGE PLANTS GIVE SATISFACTION. ALL
Leading Varieties. Prices: 1000 for $1.25; 5000 and over $1 a
1000.
Everything shipped from Charlestcn, S. C. Cash with order! please.
ALFRED JOUANNET, Mount Pleasant, S. C.
Some Populist planks which the President
recommends are the of Postals
Savings banks; the establishment of a Parcels
Post, and an inheritance tax, which is very
close kin to an income tax.
The postal savings bank and the parcels
post, in connection with the rural free delivery,
are two reforms which have been advocated
by the Populists for years, and they will be
found in the Populist platforms as far back as
the 90’s.
The President also urges a new currency
system that will remove existing evils, and a
comprehensive and adequate employers lia
bility act.
If the President had studied the Populist
platforms more carefully, he would have found
what he wanted as easily as he found the advo
cacy of the postal savings bank and the parcels
post.
Other important legislation recommended is
as follows:
The government control of all agencies of in
terstate commerce.
The repeal of the imperfect Sherman anti
trust law and the enactment of a better law
instead.
Short time franchises to corporations, and
supervision of the issuing of securities in order
to prevent watering of stock.
Government control and strict supervision
of railroad, telegraph and telephone lines.
Laws to prevent long delays in the final de
cisions in court cases on technicalities, which
often makes it impossible for the poor man to
get his rights against the rich man
A law giving Congress the- right to review
decisions of federal judges of inferior courts.
The improving of inland water ways at
once.
The prohibition of child labor, the decrease
of women laborers, and the shortening of the
hours of labor.
All of which border on Populism.
Following close upon the President’s order
placing over 15,000 fourth class postmasters
under civil service rules comes the announce
ment that 25,000 more fourth class postmasters
in the South and West will be put in the classi
fied service, and about 20.000 men in the Treas
ury Department and the Department of Tus
tice will be included in similar orders before
March 4.
This 20,000 will include practically all depu
ty U. S. Marshals, all deputy Collectors of
Customs, and deputy Surveyors.
It is needless to say that the politicians, es
pecially the Congressmen are panic stricken,
for it takes from them the patronage of 60,000
machine cogs.
. *
That Congress is planning a sharp rebuke
for President Roosevelt, is the latest from
Washington, and all because of the following:
Washington, Dec. 10. —Senators and Repre
sentatives are greatly incensed over President'
Roosevelt’s insinuation in his message that
Congress was corrupt and feared investiga
tion, and all sorts of rumors are afloat today
of plans to rebuke the nation’s executive.
The President virtually declared that Con
gressmen had restricted the operations of the
Government Secret Service because they did
not themselves wish to be investigated.
It is pretty well agreed among the leaders,
Republican and Democratic, that something
1
Tshe 3effersonlan
MODEL B
SV S PE N IOS
W’-Sr JrWW W ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN IIANDSOME SINGLE PAIR BOXES
'''Skß/ They contain more and better rubber than any other make, have gold- v v
gilt non-rusting metal parts and strong cord ends that cannot wear WF*
A through. The new back free action permits case and comfort no VW^'v’ 6 W
matter what position the body may assume.
They outwear three ordinary Linds, which means
three times the service of usual 50 cent sorts, ■£/ jf/Nk.A
The Most Comfortable Suspender Made for Mau, Youth or Boy raV. IV ' jt
k-■" 1“ tight. Heavy or Extra Heavy Weights. Extra Long (No Extra Cost) I V W\
II They make inexpensive gifts every man, youth or boy will gladly receive B
B HE WES & POTTER, Dept. 3301 87 Lincoln St., Hoston. Mass. fl
B Ouruseful Bull Don SusriMona Comb anbCabe mailed for 10c. postage. Instructive I
■ booklet, “Style, or How to Dress Correctly,” free if you mention this publication B
ought to be done to make Mr. Roosevelt under
stand that Congress does not intend to sit idly
by and-have the country made to believe that
it is full of corruption and feared the light.
The House at least intends to strike back.
The plan will probably be ready for execution
today.
Demand Action.
Champ Clark, the new Democratic leader in
the House, and Swager Sherley, of Kentucky,
one of the foremost men of the Democratic
side, went to the Republican leaders and told
them flatly that the Democratic membership
did not purpose to permit the President’s re
flections on Congress to pass unnoticed.
From that time on there were conferences,
in which most of the big men on both sides of
the House participated, among them, in addi
tion to Clark and Sherley, being Sereno E.
Payne, John Dalzell and James A. Tawney, the
Republican floor leaders.
The Democratic leaders told the Republican
leaders that they regarded it as preferable to
remove whatever action was decided on from
any tinge of partisanship, and for that reason
they were anxious to bring about an agree
ment between both parties in the chamber so
that a solid front might be presented in show
ing resentment of Mr. Roosevelt’s attitude.
The very idea of the President insinuating
that Congress is corrupt!
Yes, we hope Congress will demand an apol
ogy-
We hope the President will refuse to grant
it and will get into a row with Congress about
it.
And we hope the row will end up with a
thorough investigation
If it does, there will hardly be a quorum left
in cither the Senate or House of Representa
tives, for the people will then learn what kind
of representatives they have at Washington.
Organized labor promises to make things
interesting for the Democrats in Indiana.
Claiming that it elected Marshall, the Demo
crat, governor, and gave the Democrats con
trol of the legislature, it demands that radical
laws in favor of organized labor be enacted.
The Democratic leaders are squirming, but
the labor leaders are insisting that the legis
lature live up to the agreement and limit the
issuance of injunction by the state courts; that
banks or other institutions where union labor
funds are deposited insure the unions against
loss, and that employers be made liable for in
juries received by employees.
Good for union labor.
Make them keep their promises, or vote
against them next time.
If the farmers would follow this example,
the country would be in a much better fix four
years from now than it has been since the be
ginning of the Civil War.
If the farmer would make his representative
live up to his promises as the laborers are do
ing in Indiana, what a change there would
soon be.
In a few years he would have laws which
would give him a chance to make something
for himself.
In a few years he would control the trusts
that now control and rob him.
It is strange that the farmer cannot see that
he has the power to free himself if he will only
USE IT.