carefully, and you will be able to an
swer the question yourself.
H H U
Strong Drink.
It is a warrior whom no victory can sat
isfy, no ruin satiate. It pauses at no Ru
bicon to consider, pitches no tents at
night, goes into no quarters for winter.
It conquers amid the burning plains of
the South where the phalanx of Alexan
der halted in mutiny. It conquers amid
the snow drifts of the North where the
Grand Army of Napoleon found its wind
ing sheet. Its monuments are in every
burial ground. Its badges of triumph are
the weeds which mourners wear. Its song
of victory is the wail that was heard in
Ramah —“Rachel crying for her children
and weeping because they are not.”
The sword is mighty, and its bloody
traces reach across time, from Nineveh
to Gravelotte, from Marathon to Gettys
burg. Yet mightier is its brother, the
wine cup. I say “brother,” and history
says “brother.” Castor and Pollux never
fought together in more fraternal har
mony. David and Jonathan never joined
in more generous rivalry. Hand in hand,
they have come down the centuries, and
upon every scene of carnage, like vulture
and shadow, they have met and feasted.
Yea; a pair of giants, but the greater
is the wine cup. The sword has a scab
bard, and is sheathed; has a conscience,
and becomes glutted - with havoc; has
pity, and gives quarter to the vanquished.
The wine cup has no scabbard and no
conscience; its appetite is a cancer which
grows as you feed it; to pity, it is deaf*;
to suffering, it is blind.
The sword is the lieutenant of Death,
but the wine cup his captain; and if ever
they come home to him from the wars
bringing their trophies, boasting of their
achievements, I can imagine that Death,
their master, will meet them with gar
lands and song, as the maidens of Judea
met Saul and David. But as he numbers
the victories of each, his pean will be
“The sword is my Saul, who has slain his
thousands; but the wine cup is my David,
who has slain his tens of thousands.”
R M
Holv Christian Finance Enslabed
the Heathen.
Down in the South seas close to Aus
tralia, there is a group of fertile islands,
called the Fiji islands, inhabitated by a
simple, harmless race, and so they lived
until the year 1858. They had no money;
they wanted none. What commodities
they had they swapped with one another.
Barter was their rule of trade. They
had a king, and even he was easily sat
isfied. He wanted enough to eat and
enough to wear, and he wanted a house
to live in, and he wanted somebody to
hold an umbrella over him when he
walked out, and he wanted some one else
to do his work and some one to fan the
flies off of him when he slept. His people
were glad to do all this for him. Beyond
this they were not taxed-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Then came upon the scene certain
American Christian missionaries who had
a great anxiety to save the souls of those
heathens. That was a very worthy ob
ject. But in the wake of the Christian
missionaries always come the Christian
traders. And after the Christian mis
sionaries came to the island there also
came the American traders, and they
bought up certain lands in the Fiji islands
and not wanting to work themselves, they
got the Fiji islanders to work for them.
The Fijians didn’t like the way they were
being paid, and thought they were un
justly treated and broke into a riot and
did some damage. The traders saw their
opportunity and complained to the United
States government, and said they had
been damaged to the extent of $45,000.
The American government at once or
dered the war vessels down to the Fiji
islands and ordered the Fiji islanders to
pay this $45,000.
They had never seen a cent of money
in their lives and they did not even know
what it was. They knew nothing about
the mystery of European finances. The
American ships waited around awhile
and took possession of the best lands of
these islanders and insisted upon the pay
ment of the demand. On account of the
delay in payment they raised the sum de
manded to $90,000.
The king was helpless and did not
know what to do, and so he made an
appeal to the British merchants at Mel
bourne. It was an unlucky appeal. For
if there is any one set of people more
able to rob heathens than an American,
it is an Englishman. This unlucky king
jumped from the frying pan into the fire.
The English merchants came and they
agreed to take up and pay off the Ameri
can debt, and they did pay it. They said
to the king: “Give us 100,000 acres of
your best and choicest land for the debt."
The king agreed. He could not do any
thing else. The English merchants see
ing how easy it was to get 100,000 acres,
asked for 200,000. They got it—2oo,ooo
acres of the best land in the Fiji islands.
This is not all that this syndicate did.
After they got possession of the 200,000
acres of land they said to the king: “Yon
must exempt our property from taxation.
You must exempt our land—the property
that you have given us—from taxation
forever.” They further said to the king:
“You must not allow the people to pay
you, as heretofore, in commodities; you
must require your taxes to be paid in
money. Your people will need money.
You must let us have the sole privilege
of establishing a bank and supplying
your people with money, and you must
not tax our bank nor our money.”
And the king agreed to it.
They said to the king that he must not
be satisfied with the taxes Fijians paid
him in food and clothing; that he ought
to have them paid in money. So they im
posed a tax —a poll tax in its nature —
of $5 a head on every man in the Fiji
islands and $1 from every woman. The
people did not know what to do, They
had no money. And so they had to go
to the English bankers to get the money
to pay the taxes. And when they went
to the English bankers to get the money,
they had to pay a high price for it. It
took a large amount of the native land to
pay the taxes and a large amount of the
native product. In short, .one-third of all
the land and products produced by those
colonies had to go to meet the demands
of taxation to this British syndicate.
Not satisfied with this, they advised
the king, when these people could not pay
the taxes and no more land to lose, to
make them pay a fine, for non-payment of
taxes, and if they could not pay a fine, to
make them work it out. “We will hire
them from you,” said the bankers. The
first offense of not being able to pay the
taxes their sentence was six months in
the chain gang, and then they raised that
to twelve months and then to eighteen
months and then to thirty-six months.
The result being, there was hardly any
of the tax paid excepting in work of this
kind, and the English had more than half
the natives of the Fiji islands in absolute
slavery. Finally a great cry went up from
that oppressed people. They thought of
the land that was once their own, when
by their work they produced everything
necessary to their comfort and happiness.
They thought of their once happy homes,
and the memory was sweet —that they
had once been a prosperous and happy
people.
So they sent a petition to the great
Christian Queen —Queen Victoria. They
said: “Come down and relieve us; take
off these taxes; bring relief to us’and we
will give you, not a hundred thousand
acres, no —we will give you the whole of
the island if you will just relieve us from
this British syndicate and their system of
taxation.”
The great queen heard the prayer,
granted the request and took charge, her
self. Today if you will visit that country,
you will find that it belongs to the British
government, and that it is administered
entirely for those who own the debts
owed by these unfortunate "people. They
abolished the poll tax and substituted a
tax payable in products, and the $90,000
debt ran up until they owed $1,300,000,
and these people on their original debt of
$45,000 are compelled to make an annual
payment of $350,000 in products for inter
est on bonds, taxes and other fixed
charges. These people under the British
system, belong to Great Britain, and from
the time reveille sounds in the morning
until “laps” sound at night, these people
hear the clanking of their chains and will
escape from that slavery no more forever.
M * *
The Hank of Venice. '
When Napoleon Bonaparte, in 1797,
shattered the famous Venetian vase, and
rubbed off the political map the still
more famous Venetian republic, he gave
a death blow to the first and best bank
the world ever knew.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE