PAGE SIX
TARMEXS’ UNION DEPART HINT
NO COTTON TO BE SOLD
Was the Decision of the Union Depositors
who held Meeting In Conway
Saturday.
" ■ 1 11 1 •
It was decided by a majority of those pres
ent that they would continue to hold their
cotton for a better price and it is the inten
tion of the directors to ship to Little Rock,
for the purpose of holding all warehouse
cotton that can’t be financed here. The meet
ing was fairly well attended, and a spirit of
determination seems to have been renewed,
notwithstanding the conditions that confront
ns; and therefore, no cotton will be sold from
the Conway warehouse, until a better price is
obtained. It is for fifteen cents or rot, say
many of them. —Arkansas Union Tribune.
A “NIGGER” CROP.
“The way we raise cotton, it is a negro’s
crop. Grains are the white man’s crop. The
trouble is that the farmer is ‘nigger’ to the
merchant, and the merchant is ‘nigger’ to the
financier. The merchant who does the general
advancing business is not a benefactor. The
farmer who expects to prosper must shorten
his account with his own farm. It has been
my observation that the diversifier sets a good
table. He is the man who stands for levying
taxes for schools, good roads and other things
that tend to make a desirable community. If
you are looking for a run-down farm, don’t go
to the diversifier. Don’t go to him for low
priced land. If you are looking fora man who is
‘agin’ ’ the government and society in general,
a knocker and kicker, don’t go to the diver
sified farmer. It is in him that the hope of
the future lies, the hope of the resurrection
of a new earth rising out of the old. Through
him the mortgage-ridden, soil-depleted, cheer
less home will pass away and we shall have
fields well kept, good barns, happy homes,
healthy children, good schools, good roads
and every tie to the rest of the world. It
will give broad men, in sympathy with their
fellows, and happy women, cheerful with their
kind. We shall have that which is purest,
best and most ennobling in life.’’—Extract
from speech by Prof. W. R. Dodson, at Dallas,
Texas, before the Cotton Convention. —Farm-
ers’ Union Bunner.
INTENSIVE FARMING.
Farmers will have to farm intensively.
There are as many acres now as there will
ever be in this world, barring the few that
may be reclaimed from swamps or deserts or
built up from the shallow waters. But the
people who w r ant acres are constantly increas
ing. This means that the ranches and big
farms are going to break to pieces, and fewer
acres must be taught to do the work of many.
This is not a difficult task. The experiment
stations are helping with it. When land is
expected to do a little better than it did last
year, treat it a little better, that is all. If
a team is to do a little more or harder work
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
some particular week or month than at other
times, it is given better and more feed. Land
is more like stock than people think. It does
not get lean and show its bones, but it gets
poor and what tries to grew on it tells its
story.
But Up-To-Date Farming need not tell its
readers much about production. Other papers
tell them that and nothing else. So if we told
the people all there is to tell about production,
the other papers would have nothing to say.
We are interested in abundant yields all the
same. It does not take so much work per
bushel to grow and harvest 30 bushels of wheat
to the acre as it does 15 bushels per acre, and
we want farmers to get the very best returns
for their labor. We urge, then, that the land
be brought to the highest production—to the
best tilth, the greatest richness, and the long
est yields. But such work as that must be
accompanied by another line of work. The
farmer must know what he is going to do witn
his surplus. He must know what about the
market, what the price is to be and who is it)
make it. In plainer words, he must get in
position to say who shall get the profit on
the surplus. It is the profit on the surplus
that makes intensive farming attractive; there
is nothing in the mere accumulation of prod
ucts. —Up-To-Date Farming.
ROADS AND ROAD MAKING.
By Prof. W. F. Massey.
The old-time road makers seemed to think
that a straight line was the shortest route be
tween two points. JThis is true only on a per
fectly level country, so far as roads are con
cerned. I have seen many instances in the
hill country of North Carolina where the road
goes straight up a steep hill and then straight
down another side of the same hill, while a
level road could have been made around the
hill, and not only no longer, but far easier on
team and wagon. It takes some men a long
time to learn that a road around a hill may be
as short as one over it.
Some Roads I Have Traveled.
Tn the western Piedmont I once drove over
a road where at one point it had been taken
originally right down the crest of a long
ridge. But the torrents of generations had
washed it into a deep gully, and in trying to
keep up a road in this gully the road-makers
had started a deeper gully alongside of it, that
risked the life of every one driving down if
the vehicle swerved a little from the narrow
track. And there are many such. Right on
the sides of this ridge there were valleys up
which a road could have been made of easy
grade alongside the ridge, that could have been
kept in good repair and drained easily down
one side by proper breaks, and never a gully
formed.
Out in the mountain country, driving from
Boone to Linville, the road runs on a ridge
and suddenly drops, by the steepest of hills
I ever saw on a travelled road, into, the Wa
tauga Valley, while right alongside was a
valley up which a gradual grade could have
been made, and the steep hill avoided.
Good Road Material Everywhere.
Wherever practicable, in the improvement
of roads, attention should be paid to improving
the line of the roadbed. In a hilly country
a road in a directly straight line is never the
best, and if some attention is paid to the
proper engineering of the roads there would
be far better roads. Then there is not a sec
tion in North Carolina where good road
making material cannot be had. In the
Coastal Plain the oyster shells are in many
places cheap and convenient, and nothing
makes a better road than shells. Then in
other parts of the East the shell rock is
handy and makes the finest of road material.
In the Piedmont country the granite rocks are
abundant and convenient. I once drove from
Raleigh to Durham, tumbling down into the
Crabtree Valley over one of the gullied excuses
for a road, and then into a trench of red mud
where the road repairers had been at work
throwing mud and sods into the middle of the
road till the mud was so deep that our team
pulled the doubletree in two, and we would
have been in a bad plight but that we found
some bale wire in the carriage with which we
lashed a pole on from the woods. And right
alongside of this trench called a road, the
fields were fairly macadamized over with
little broken rocks, and in some places the
rocks had been, gathered from the fields and
placed in ridges alongside the road. And yet
the road workers had repaired the road with
mud when they could have covered it with
these rocks with the same shovels.
Why Do You Not Take the Lead in Road
making?
There is no part of the community more
interested in good roads than the farmers ■who
have to haul over them. I am glad to see the
spirit of improvement in this respect in the
South, and note that some cities are making
beautiful roads out from the town through the
township. With a little co-operation among
the farmers, these roads could be extended
all through the State, and the Legislature
should aid in the construction of the main
lines of travel. If a man has a farm for sale
and it attracts the attention of a would-be
purchaser, it would sell more readily and for
a better price if on a well built road, for no
one would want to buy a farm where he would
be tied up all winter. Big loads of cotton can
be hauled over the roads around the cities,
but the man living off these roads can haul
only what he can start with over his own
country roads, so that the improved roads are
of little use to him. and in many cases he
has to pull up a steep hill only to go down the
other side, when a level road would take him
around easier and quicker. Think of this,
too, in improving your
Fanner.
We should always hope for the best in life
and endeavor to see the very best there is
in humanity.—Rev. F. E. Mason.