Seven Per Cent
How much is your money making you?
About Four Per Cent, isn’t it?
We will give you Seben Per Cent.
And your money will be safe.
You can invest any amount you please
From Ten Dollars to Ten Thousand Dollars.
And every dollar will earn Seben Per Cent
annually.
Write at once.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GA.
FOR SALE-My Country Home
of 550 acres land, 6 miles South of Valdosta, on G. S. & F. Railroad, half
mile from Railroad Station, with 250 acres in cultivation and all stumped
except few recently cleared corners, all in a high state of cultivation,
growing both long and short staple cotton, corn, peanuts, sugar cane, sweet
potatoes, velvet beans, hay, etc. All practically under wire fence.
The best quail hunting in, Georgia with two natural connecting lakes of
about 100 acres supported by springs making running water nice and
fresh at all times. The lakes abound in fish of ail kinds and are famous
for the quantity of large trout that thrill the sportsman’s soul and try his
skill.
The entire tract is nicely drained and has nice improvements, viz.:
One 7-room dwelling, one 5-room dwelling, four tenant houses, a large barn
and stable, smoke house and two good out houses. The best equipped
cotton ginnery for both long and short staple cotton in this whole section,
steam evaporating syrup plant, plantation saw mill, nice fruit trees and
vineyard, good wells of water and everything that goes to make up an
ideal home.
Sucn an opportunity presents itself once in a lifetime. Investigate quick.
Will sell without the Lakes if preferred.
ED. L. THOMAS, Valdosta, Ga.
rgest Vehicle Catalog-ever published in South. Describes and 9
WW Prices, greatest variety high-clas Southern style Runabouts, Buggies,
'■ z\ Surreys, Wagons and Harness ever shown. Sent Free, Our plan of selling 9
directfrom factory saves agents’and dealers’ prfits of 30 tosoperct.
|
‘Mv'vl \\ 7 K That is our proposition. Our vehicles are strictly as 9
9 xJHAZI Ay X>/ RLxr.l \ 9 represented. Our Bg New Cnalog is full of vehicle 9
9 information. Send for it r"w. ir is FREE.
KgMSBESSi MALSBV, SHIPP & GO., Dept. F 41 S Forsyth. St. Atlanta, Ga. SB
, Rockford Engines sAtes « •
fi FROM 3 TO 30 H.P. “ROCKFf RD” Girl is ths S
* Before you con- En * ine that WiU PleßSe ?
p, tract or buy get JIW K
M the Rockford prop- -Sr-'A < 'T)
y osition. Address .XTif ©
© Department 28 O *®
« Rockford Engine -' **
’ Jmnk NEAT-bOBBY-HODY
Thomas E. Scott Phil W. Davis, Jr.
SCOTT & DAVIS
Lawyers
422-423-424 Kiser Building
Both Phones, Local and Long
Distance, 45.
ATLANTA, GA.
Did You Ever
While sitting on a dry goods box at
the street corner, talking to the
“boys” about politics, find yourself at
a loss for words, facts and figures?
li you will read and digest Mr. Wat
son’s Handbook of Politics and Eco
nomics, you will never be at a loss
The book contains 360 pages,
profusely illustrated and indexed. Price
SI.OO.
Given As a Premium
For five subscriptions to. the Jeffer
sonian Magazine at $1 each; this offer
limited to November 1.
For three subscriptions to the Week
ly Jeffersonian at $1 each.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
- ■
1 ‘ **
Epical Farming
•GARDENING
•ainage • EDGERTON
rucking • - ERWIN
: - I Fruits, Forestry
: I Pruning, Grafting, Budding - TAFT
Training the Grape <
’ JL. Injurious Insects
: Plant Diseases - - TITUS
: Spraying
: MUMFORD
- Selecting and F.eeding KERRICK
: Farm Animals for Profit STEVENSON
: RANKIN
: Diseases of Farm Animals - CRAIG
Silos and Silage .... WOLL
: Making Poultry Pay - - JACOBS
Handy Rules, Useful Information
: Farm Cookery - - . . TANTY
E Price, $2.00
■
See Page Seven for “How to Get Up a Club”
3effersonian
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine--useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading pnyslcians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of tue simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Tiios. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. 1 was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri •
butions on governmental questions. Mr. AVatson writes
about 25 pages per month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
Premium
For 3 Magazine Subscriptions at
SI.OO or 2 Weekly Subscrip
tions at SI.OO.
Practical Farming
and Gardening
Cloth bound; size, 6xß inches; 260,000
words; 224 illustrations; weight
lbs. ; 500 pages.
H Each contributor is an expert in
his department, and the book con
tains information of inestimable
value to everyone engaged in farm
ing, stock raising, gardening, or
any agricultural pursuit. This is
a modern up-to-date book, which
should have its place in every
farmer’s library.
PAGE FIFTEEN