01)e
VO LUNE FIVE
NUMBER ELEVEN
Summary of Events as They Happen
Sy Tom ’Dolan
If Cleveland once complained that
he “had Congress on his
Congress on his hands/* the entire
Again. American people will be
making the same sad la-,
ment ere long. The 60th Congress,
distinguished for the largest output
of hot air and the least accomplish
ment of needed legislation witnessed
in these many years, barely stopped
long enough to watch the inaugural
parade a moment, then turned back
again and became the 61st Congress
with a new speaker to elect; a rules
fight on, the great and long advertised
tariff revision bill to consider, and a
host of other measures, including the
parcels post, postal savings bank sys
tem, inheritance tax, etc. How long
the House must remain in session it
is impossible to predict, as the tariff
revision alone will probably mean an
entended wrangle in both Congress
and the Senate. Much other business
should be attended to between whiles
if the extra session is to be an im
provement over the last regular one.
The Payne tariff bill, as presented,
is naturally very long,
The Tariff, and many of its provis
ions are already seen to
contain “jokers/* which, while fair
on their face, prove to have been
framed in the interests of special
monopolies. However, few if any of
the original features will finally be
enacted into law, and better under
standing of what relief may be hoped
will be derived from following the
course of the bill through the houses,
than from study of the schedules as
they now appear. Where the sched
ules have been revised downwards,
there is already fearful disquiet
among the “interests” affected, not
ably, that of the Steel Trust.
Os course, labor is to suffer the
first blow of the Trust olud-
Who geon. Although the steel
Suffers? industry as yet is not even
hurt, and by the time its
henchmen get through fighting for it
there is little probability that the
tariff will be reduced, a reduction of
20 per cent in wages has already been
declared, and the works of the Ten
nessee Coal & Iron Company are about
to be shut down, Which will throw
thousands of men out of employment.
This is, as all will understand, or
should, an attempt at gigantic co
ercion. As to how many years the
steel industry has fattened upon pro
tection, and how many millions have
been piled up, Andrew Carnegie gave
clear and conclusive evidence before
the committee in its preliminary hear-
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSG "dj. D. WATSON
ings upon the revision last winter.
It was Mr. Carnegie’s expert opinion
that the steel industry had waxed
strong enough to be made to jar it
self loose from the spoils. The “in
fant industry’* grown not only to be
a man, but a giant, objects to any
curbing whatever in its depredations.
So many a strong man’s hands will
hang in enforced idleness, or perhaps
take to crime; and many a wife and
child must face want, perhaps star
vation. Os course these workmen en
abled the trust magnates to pile up
their profits, but under the beautiful
system of things as they are, could
not gain even an independent compe
tence for themselves.
The fight on Cannonism resulted in
scaring the Czar a little,
Rebellion perhaps, but in no sub
in the stantial victory for the
House. “insurgents.” There were
enough reform Republi
cans in Congress, had they been sup
ported by the Democrats, to have
elected a new speaker and really
modified the rules. At the critical
juncture, however, the weakness for
spoils was too strong and 23 Demo
crats slumped over to Cannon’s side.
Wherefore, Uncle Joe gleefully an
nounced that he and his “regulars”
had triumphed over “Populistic
ideas. * * It is most gratifying to learn
that so authoritative a source has
clearly and publicly branded reform
as Populism.
What the House needed was gump
tion enough to have thrown Uncle Joe
out, neck and crop. Rules must gov
ern any deliberative body and while
the “gag rules” are un-American
and vicious, the real damage they
have done to the people has been more
from their operation to suppress all
legislation unfavorable to “the inter
ests” and this result has been mostly
due to the character of the speaker
and his corrupt henchmen than to the
rules. Both should have been chang
ed, but Cannon should have gone
first, in the interests of decent gov
ernment.
To say that there is deep and wide
spread indignation all
Anti-Alien along the Pacific Coast
Bills. over the interruption of
the anti-alien measures,
it not putting it too strongly. And
each day new and interesting facts
come to light, showing just how much
of an “E. Z. Mark” Uncle Sam is
expected to be. The Australian anti-
Mongolian legislation has been of
drastic kind, and its stand against the
possibility of negro emigration some
thing surprising, in view of the slight
’W A? <4
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March
occasion so far to enact any measures
for an unthreatened white supremacy.
Japan has its own anti-foreign ideas,
and among these it appears that spec
ial effort has been made to create dif
ficulties for American residents in
Japan—that that country is determin
ed, and has been so all along, to pre
vent the possibility of American citi
zens obtaining a foothold there. Her
“sensitiveness,” therefore, as to the
treatment of her people in this coun
try is a piece of amazing effrontery.
Dor years has the south been re
viled and assailed for a policy which
excludes negroes from political asser
tion, and now the United States gov
ernment is urged to spend thousands
of dollars to create a commission to
aid the people of Liberia, who for
sixty years‘liave been given the chance
to govern themselves under conditions
which should have been favorable to
the best growth. Booker T. Washing
ton pleads eloquently that 1 ‘ this great
and rich government” is in duty
bound to do as much for Liberia as it
is willing to do for Hawaii, the Phil
ippines, Cuba or Porto Rico, and he
modestly offers himself as one of the
Commissioners; would even, it is
thought, accept the salary and emolu
ments of the office without a death
struggle—and lo! it develops that no
white citizen of Liberia has voice or
vote there. The law of the Liberian
Republic is framed for black supre
macy—not “equality of political priv
ilege.”
All this is highly interesting, and
should lead the United States to wake
« FREE F REE |
s X
| Photo of Thos. E. Watson |
(J Send us one NEW yearly subscription (not your W
H own) to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian at one dollar, fJ
HI and we will mail you a handsome, two-bladed knife, w
ffl with a transparent handle containing the latest pho- Ej
> tograph of the Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are <
W hand-forged out of the very finest English razor steel; W
the bolsters are of German silver, the linings of plate w
W raSS ’ beautifully finished. (J The photograph M
> of Mr. Watson is life-like; it is the best that was <
E! ever made of our editor and leader. f*
m This offer is good until the end of March, 1909.
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN ||
W THOMSON, GA,
up to the necessity of self-preserva
tion before it is everlastingly too late.
Unless each section is allowed to work
out its own problems, free from inter
ference, and with the sympathetic co
operation of the rest, the East will
continue to get European immigration
in quantities that cannot pissibly be
assimilated promptly enough not to
cause infinite trouble economically and
industrially, if not socially. The de
sirable immigration doesn’t come
South, because the negroes are already
here as a peasant class. The undesir
able want to huddle in the cities and
congest them beyond all reason. The
South has the darkest problem of all,
with no aid from anybody in solving
it. And now, in a few years, has
sprung up a danger in the mighty
West which none but the easy-going,
thoughtless, indolent citizen will view
as exaggerated. It is high time the
bars were put up both East and West.
After a protracted trial, the jury
in the Carmack murder
Carmack case brought in a verdict
Case. against the Coopers of
murder in the second de-
gree, and each was sentenced to twen
ty years in the penitentiary. This
sentence, in the case of the elder
Cooper, would amount to practically
a life imprisonment, if it were en
forced. But they are now out on
bond apd one would have to be very
sanguine of justice, indeed, who
would imagine that either of the
Coopers will ever meet with any pun
ishment for their crime.
Price Five Cents