PAGE FOURTEEN
can give the desired information for each
year during the past ten years.
To the Congressman who wants to help his
people at home this information will be very
valuable, and to the man who is taking things
easy it will mean get a move on you.
In either case you are doing a good thing,
so begin to write your letters. After your
letters are written and mailed, keep an eye
on your Congressman and see what he does
toward relieving the present situation.
If you do not know your Congressman’s
Washington address simply write M. C. after
his name and he will get the letter.
* * * *
As we have been predicting, the boycott of
beef has not reduced the price to an extent
w orth mentioning.
At Jersey City, where one of the several
investigations of the Beef Trust is going on,
it was shown to the Grand Jury that the Beef
Trust makes a practice of keeping meat in its
refrigerator cars at the big terminals for
weeks at a time for the purpose of boosting
prices.
Each of these cars is a small cold-storage
plant in itself, and all the Trust has to do to
keep the meat in goor order is to keep the car
well iced. Ice is cheap and the trackage that
the Trust has to pay on its own cars amounts
to very little.
In Brooklyn. New York, one day this week,
six carloads of meat w T ere sold that had been
standing on the track for one week. AA hen
this meat arrived at its destination, the
Trust’s agents refused to open the cars. The
retail meat dealers begged for the meat at
lhe market price, but the Trust agent refused
to sell. After starving out the retail dealers
for a week the Trust raised the price of .the
beef one cent per pound, pork one cent per
pound, and lamb three cents per pound.
’rhe dealers either had to have the meat at
that price or go without, and they paid the
increased price for it.
In these six cars there were 240,000 pounds
■of meat, and the Trust made an average
profit of one and one-half a cent per pound,
or $3,600. . •
When the Beef Trust is able to treat the
people this way in a big city where the boy
cott is the strongest, isn't it plain enough that
it is useless to try to whip them out by boy
cotting meat ?
How are you going to remove the condition
without removing the cause?
Repeal the tariff and you will see the prices
of meat drop, for then the Canadian and
Mexican steer will be able to compete with
the Beef Trust steer.
The farmers of Ohio, lowa and some of the
other AA r estern States seem to be waking up
to the fact that their farmers’ independent
telephone lines have about slipped from their
ownership into Morgan’s hands.
Agents’ Contest
The first contest of the year closes
with the end of this month. Our old
friends are in it, and a few new faces.
It looks now as though the prize
money were going out of Georgia at
this time, unless the Georgians make
a strong rally in the next ten days.
Remember that your subscriptions
in this contest are counted for the
grand prize of $25.00, which will be
awarded on April 15th.
Agents are entitled to their full
commissions, and renewals count the
same as new subscriptions. It takes
four 3-months, or two 6-months sub
scriptions, to equal one subscription
for a year.
Citizens of Vinings Indignant
At an indignation meeting of the
citizens of Vinings the following
resolutions were passed condemning
the action of Governor Brown in
granting a respite to the rapist, Wil
lard Webb.
Whereas, we learn through the
press that the Governor of this
Southern State has seen fit to over-
Already they are getting injunctions to
prevent the deal going through, and there
will soon be an investigation by the courts.
The farmers might have known when Mor
gan’s agents commenced to buy up their
property that they were not doing it for fun,
and they should have been on their guard.
Now it appears that Morgan bought these
lines for the simple reason that they were
active competitors of his Bell Telephone and
Telegraph Company, and he wants to merge
them with the Bell and control the whole
thing.
He is buying up independent lines in other
sections of the country just as he did in the
AVest, and in a few years he will own every
telephone line worth owning.
In every section the Bell Telephone Com
pany w T ill have a monopoly just as it now has
in some sections.
* * * *
The Chicago Tribune has recently polled
the Republican and Independent editors of
the AVest, the Northwest, and the Southwest
as to their attitude tow ard Speaker Cannon
and the Payne-Aldrich Tariff law.
The editors were asked the following ques
tions:
“Is the Hon. Joseph G. Cannon, of Illinois,
your choice for Speaker of the next Congress?
“Do you indorse the Aldrich-Cannon tariff law
or the Aldrich-Cannon organization of the Senate
and the House?’’
From Ohio. Michigan, Illinois, Indiana,
AA’isconsin, lowa, Kansas, Nebraska, Okla
homa, Utah, AAWyoming, Minnesota, Norh Da
kota, South Dakota. Montana, Idaho, Wash
ington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Mis
souri, Kentucky and Tennessee have come an
swers from more than four thousand editors,
—practically every Republican and Indepen
dent editor in the above-named States, and
the majority against Cannon and the present
tariff law is overwhelming.
To the first question 546 Republican edi
tors answered in favor of Cannon, while 2,653
answered that they were against him. -Thirty
one Independent editors also favored Can
non, while 541 opposed him.
To the second question 812 Republican
editors favored the present tariff law, while
2,636 were opposed to it. The vote of the In
dependent editors show’s 27 for and 577
against it.
These figures are surprising when you
think of it, for it means that every one of
these editors w’ho oppose Cannon and the
Cannon-Aldrich, or Payne-Aldrich tariff law
are dissatisfied with the present administra
tion, for Mr. Taft has endorsed every bit of
legislation that this pair of rascals has put
through the present Congress.
* * * *
Each of the above editors has some follow
ing, and he either has expressed or is express-
ride the verdict and judgment of
three courts, and respite the rapist
Willard Webb; and whereas, the
newly discovered evidence is noth
ing more than the testimony which
was heard by a jury at the initial
trial, discussed in the motion for a
new trial, arid rehashed in the Su
preme Court. And whereas, we learn
that about Friday, February 4, 1910,
that the aforesaid thrice condemned
rapist virtually expressed his inten
tion to confess the crime on the gal
lows, afhl asked that a preacher be
sent for that he might confess to
him; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we denounce said
respite as a reflection upon our
courts and juries; as a blunder which
will doubtless promote crime and
bring the law into disrespect; and as
a cruel, heartless act which prolongs
the humiliation and torture of the
beast Webb’s unfortunate victim.
Be it further resolved, That copies
of these resolutions be sent to the
newspapers.
W. V. COBB, Chairman.
E. L. NEUFVILLE, Sec.
fexsonuin.
FOR SALE—Seed Corn
BRADBURY’S IMPROVED. None
better. My present crop the best
ever. Price per peck, 75 cents;
bushel, $1.25; per bushel, $2.00;
f. o. b. Athens, Ga.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., Route 4.
g SjWjjj GUARANTEE!) THREEYEARS
I „ 30 DAYS DRIVING TEST
H / ✓Xi—_. A guarantee as good as a Gold Bond; a trial as liberal as
■ A '' ■ / A™" any one could ask for, and a.positive saving ot from §2O to
Ml' ' ! j i S*o. defy any reputable concern In the U. S. to duplicate our
—I) prices on vehicles of the qualities we guarantee. Our guarantees
H V/Xf*\j f are > he strongest and most liberal ever made, and are positively
K V/4Oi\\/ x / >Af \\/ binding; and our vehicles inurt prove them in actual service
Eg ", . before we’ll expect you to bo satisfied. We do not com;>ete with
—people who have no reputation to lose, or who misrepresent their
RETAILS REGULARLY FOR M3.IK) vehicles.
11 hil _— iw—m isim mhii—
Send To°Day For Our Big New Free Catalog, No. 105
? * T t describes, picturesand prices upwards of two hundred modern styles of the highest grade Runabouts,
b. Speeders, Backboards, Top Buggies, Stanhopes, Phaetons,
S Surreys, tipring, Farm and Mail wagons,Road Carts and Bar- MAIdPV CIITDD JC, FA
■ ness at actual factory prices. We sell DIRECT and save yon **</■'*', AM MA XT GL
M the dealer’s profits. Don't delay. Write today. SAVE while you nav. Dept F4l South Forsyth Street, Atlanta, Georgia.
ing his dissatisfaction to his readers, who in
turn are beginning to think and study the
present situation. So when you multiply the
number of editors by the number of followers
each editor has, you will have a pretty good
sized army of voters who are dissatisfied.
No doubt if President Taft were to make
another tour of tfce country proclaiming the
Payne-Aldrich the best tariff measure we
have ever had, the perpetual smile would
freeze on his face before he travelled many
wiles west of Washington City.
This is the section of the country that fur
nishes the insurgent members of Congress,
and this poll is a sure indication that the in
surgents are making rapid gains.
The next Congress will have more insur
gent members than the present one, and it
will be more than apt to put an end to Can
non rule, even if it happens to be Repub
lican.
The people are waking up to the-fact that
they must get rid of such rascals as Cannon
and Aldrich in order to get anything like a
square deal.
JjS
The Berlin correspondent of the London
Standard quotes Dr. Rohrbach, the well
known authority on Asiatic affairs, as assert
ing that China promised to repay the United
States for its diplomatic support by granting
concessions to the Steel Trust, and further
states that Dr. Rohrbach has in his possession
a copy of a secret circular issued by our Gov
ernment to all of our consuls and consular
agents in China notifying them that their
claims for promotion would be judged by the
measure of increased trade between their dis
tricts and the United States.
If this statement is true, and we have no
reason to doubt that it is, isn’t it a pretty fix
in which we find ourselves?
Instead of attending to our own affairs at
home, we find our Government dabbling in
China’s diplomatic business, and al} because
China promises to grant concessions to the
Steel Trust.
Here w’e are paying tremendous taxes to
run the Government, a good part of said taxes
going to pay the good salaries of these con
suls and consular agents, and we find that
they are acting as private agents for the
Trusts with their promotion dependent upon
how much they increase the Trust's business
in their territories.
If this Government is not a Government
run by the Trusts and for the Trusts, there
never will be one.
Let the Trust magnates pull the string, and
evrey one, from Taft down to the little flunk
ies. begin to carry out the Trusts’ orders just
as a slave obeys his master.
And all the time this is going on, the com
mon people are paying the fat salaries of
these Trust tools.
SHINGLES
Sold Direct From Mill
to Consumer
J. T. EVANS - Camilla, Ga.