OUR CASH PRIZE CONTEST.
Our offer to give ten dollars in cash
to the agent sending in the largest
number of subscriptions before April
Ist, and five dollars for the second
largest list, has started a healthy
competition. These prizes are in ad
dition to the regular commission
which we allow. You have two weeks
more in which to hustle. Get to work
and rush the subscriptions in as fast’
as you can.
Here are the present contestants,
arranged according to the number of
points that each has made. We are
surprised at the small number re
ceived from Arkansas, Tennessee and
Texas, where we have so many sub
scrubers. Surely they will do better
this week.
Georgia.
Chas. Ross Thaxton 334
J. M. Johnson 210
T. jfc. Cartledge 170
T. L. Dixon 167
J. A. Smith 145
W. P. Mims 131
J. W. Watson r. 110
H. W. Nalley 90
R. F. Graham 88
J. A. Abernathy 80
W. T. Evans 70
Jas. W. Hill 70
C. J. N. Clark 60
T. M. Wright 60
F. M. Payne 50
H. Ashmore 50
F. M. Thornton 45
I. H. J. Vaughan 33
S. B. Tarver 30
Jas. Reese 32
J. W. Holloway 30
R. H. Tootle 30
B. F. Lee. 30
H. A. Cook 30
S. W. Jackson 23
'Virgil Glenn 23
J. A. Burnett 20
A. H. Mosley 20
T. W. Clouts 20
W. A. Ellington 20
Ruth Ray Moore 14
Mildred Colquitt 14
B. N. Jenkins 10
Miss Eula Mobley 10
R. E. Braddy 10
E. O. Smith 10
T. W. Brooks 5
J. B. Logan 5
Alabama.
R. E. Smith 188
J. A. Rudolph 60
Z. T. Smith 35
E. C. Glover 30
H. M. Gay 20
Arkansas.
J. M. Christian 50
G. C. Orsburn 30
L. King 30
Florida.
Lonnie Davis 50
C. P. Warnock". 45
G. C. Maddox 30
F. H. Lawson 10
Kentucky.
Sidney Woosley 10
Mississippi.
J. A. Rees 40
J. M. Aven 30
J. B. Gartrell 30
N. M. Hollingsworth 30
W. B. Wall 10
Nebraska.
W. A. Bowden 40
R. Armstrong 12
Jno. W. Denton 10
Oklahoma.
Pearl West 14
Pennsylvania.
T. A. McJunkin . 50
F. F. Weiniz.. 50
Tennessee.
L. S. Jones 20
J. M. Brumbaloe 10
Texas.
A. J. Kinser 100
Win. Watt 74
S. L. Shamburger 40
W. E. Bryson 40
ISN’T DECENT NONSENSE TO
EXPECT OLD PARTIES
TO CHANGE.
Pine Bluff, Ark., March 8, 1909.
Editor Jeffersonians:
When two political parties, each
claiming to be friends to the wealth
producing class, have for forty-three
years jointly enacted laws which have
pauperized the producing class and
made millionaires of the non-produc
ing class, it isn’t decent nonsense to
expect them to change. The only
hope for the people is the destruction
of demo-republicansy. The Populsit
party can’t do it; neither can any
other one party now in existence do
the job. Fusion never brings lasting
improvement, if any. Let us have a
national conference attended by rep
resentatives from all sections and
there let us make an earnest, unselfish,
patriotic effort to unite under one
banner on one platform all individuals,
creeds and factions who favor just
laws and good government. If each
independent creed can write into their
platform one-fourth what they now
contend for, it would make a good
platform and a party that would
sweep from power our oppressors, re
store and perpetuate a republican
form of government. If we are too
selfish and unpatriotic to do this,
plutocracy is assured and the people
are doomed.
G. W. Galloway.
“COURAGE! ON WITH THE
FIGHT!’’
Let me say to you, Courage, Bro
ther, Courage. Your Magazine and
Weekly are doing good, very much
good, more than you are any one else
will ever know. What Watson has
written will be a grand monument to
Watson when he is dead and gone.
I pray God that you may live long and
be able to wield both tongue and pen
in behalf of the common people.
Will say that I believe the princi
ples for which you and I and many
others have enlisted for life are gain
ing ground every day. On with the
fight!
Yours,
Sidney Woosley.
R. 2, Caneyville, Ky.
jt. WBwwW : 1 : LW id I* 1fk&l
c a bM" est A Fl i“ C e these are the kind that made south
* SS£tS£ yleld : , t ,ype: s °° d CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduotion. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
o that wise plants will be shipped C. <J. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the niouey. thus adding: te the cost of your plants.
Prices F. o. B. Yeung’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4.000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
. prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. __ - ~... .
V Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. C. M. Gi&SOiMy bOX 33 r OUilg S lsiand r S. G.
©be 3effersontan
Pfr Otn Vnn Mi; ETO YOU and Every Sister
llCUlv IvU“"Biy JialCl Suffering From Neman’s Ailments
I am a woraan '
1 know woman's sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of sny charge, my home treat
went with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman’s ailments. I want to tell all women about
\ tills cure—you, my reader, for yourself, your
/ .■. ,v.. ' W' daughter, your mother, or your sister. 1 want to
; 1 tell you how to cure yourselves at home with-
” I °ut the help of a doctor. Men cannot understand
1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
jfc&yWsjsjaHWy ' 9 M P Rr ' enc ’i wo know better than any doctor. I
A- | know that my home treatment is safe and sure
cure for Leucorrhosa or Whitish discharges, Ulceration, Dis
$WSSO placement or Falling o? the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful
YMO Periods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also pains io
WWyY WWIss . iSR?*' # head, back and bowels, bearing down feelings, nervousness,
> < creeping feeling up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
V • • s flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles where caused
WfcY . ‘ Jr by weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
JF I want to send you. a complete ten day's treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, it‘will cost you nothing to
.. . .. ~ / , , . . give the treatment a complete trial: and if you
wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send me your name and address, tell me howyou
suiter if you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
per by return mail. I will also send you free of cost, my book—"WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL ADVISER’’ with
explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how thev can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor ways—
You must have an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
W J th
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
its use ° r irre *’ ular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always results from
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
ten any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all women’s diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump and robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
, the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box <32 - - South Bend, find., U. S.A.
Your Cotton Crop Can Be Increased
It costs no more to cultivate an acre that produces
two bales of cotton than an acre which produces only
one-quarter of a bale. Why not see what you can do
with '
Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers
.Other men have been able to double and more than double
their yield per acre with a liberal application of Virginia-Carolina
Jr cr LiiizjCrs.
. Messrs. Lucas & Jackson of Kelsey County, Tenn., used Vir
ginia-Carolina Fertilizer on about 55 acres planted with cotton, and
say: We have the finest crop of cotton we ever saw, and all the
people around here think the same. We actually counted 447 bolls
on one stalk Another stalk had by actual count 409 bolls, forms,
squares and blossoms. On about 8 acres we expect to make about
tnc acie, and an estimate of adjoining* farms not so fer
tihzed and under other cultural methods, will yield only 1 bale to
five acres.
An interesting picture of the cotton plants referred to will be
found in the new 1909 Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year Book, copy
ot which may be had from your fertilizer dealer, or will be sent
tree, it you write our nearest sales office.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sa/cs Offices - Sates Offices
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
No rf ol k . Va. Charleston, S. C.
Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. 'V J Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
♦
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO., 249 Washington St., Springfield, Ohio.
PAGE FIFTEEN