PAGE EIGHT
3effersoniait
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. u June 10, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Aldrich, the Senatorial
Mepistopheles
The Rhode Island steerer of the Payne
tariff bill must find a satanic joy in playing
tempter to the Southern delegations. With
ill concealed mockery, he appeals to them and
says, in effect, “Come along and help New
England capitalists loot the consumers of
manufactured goods; there are Southern cap
italists, who will get a share. NOV CAN'T
PUT A STOP TO STEALING, THERE
FORE BECOME THIEVES, YOUR
SELVES.”
And the Southern Senators, orating so
norously about protecting the Southern in
dustries and giving to the South equal ad
vantages with the North, flock like sheep after
Aldrich, the Republican leader, and give him
the votes without which the Republicans
could not violate their campaign pledges and
impose upon the American people a most stu
pendous system of robbery.
Senator Gore quoted from the official report
on manufactures in Massachusetts and aston
ished the Senate by proving that the cotton
mills have been earning dividends of 65 per
cent. The Jeffersonian took the Statistical
Abstract of the United States, three years ago,
and proved that, as a whole, the capitalists
whose money is invested in manufactures
reap a net profit, annually, of two thousand
millions of dollars, OVER AND ABOVE 8
PER CENT. INTEREST ON THE MON
EY INVESTED.
The same authority was used to demon
strate that the agricultural classes make no
profit at all, save in exceptional years. Even
when they are particularly blessed, and earn
something in excess of living wages, the prof
its of the sixteen millions of people engaged
in agricultural pursuits do not equal the earn
ings made every year by the Steel Trust.
The West, like the South, is a fanning sec
tion; and the Western Congressmen are be
coming restless under New England domina
tion and spoliation.
Consequently, in each House, there are
Western members who are rebelling against
the East. These Congressmen are known as
Insurgents, and their senatorial leaders are
Dolliver, of lowa, and LaFollette, of Wiscon
sin, —both strong, pure, and young. They
represent the Western element which is the
hope of the South. If we had in Congress a
single political strategist of national propor
tions, he would see at a glance that we now
have such an opportunity as we hare never
had since the fire-eaters disrupted the Charles
ton Convention in 1860.
By herself, the South is utterly unable to
throw off the New England yoke. With the
help of the West, she could easily do it. But
at the very time when the Republican Insur
gents swing open the golden doors of opportu
nity, THE SOUTH LOSES TO ALDRICH
MORE THAN HALF OF HER OWN
DELEGATION!
And how did this New England tempter
seduce the Southern Senators? By pointing
Cfye 3effersonian
to the number of factories, steel mills, ore
beds, and lumber companies that are in the
South.
The corrupting suggestion is, “The South
will get some of the loot, —therefore join the
robbers.”
How will it profit the South to legislate in
the selfish interests of her fifty thousand man
ufacturing establishments to the injury of the
twenty and odd millions of her people who
are not engaged in that line of business? Is
it right to create a law-made monopoly for the
benefit of a few timber and saw-mill owners,
at the expense of the millions who must buy
lumber? Is it just to favor the owners of
Southern iron-ore beds by compelling every
body to pay higher prices for Steel Trust
products ?
The capitalists who own the cotton mills
have their organization and their fixed prices.
The dry goods dealers have long had their
trust, and the newspapers announce the for
mation of another. The twins will rule the
market in which the retail merchants pur
chase their stocks. Here is monopoly, all
along the line, from spinner to retailer.
In the South there are about 500 cotton
mills, owned largely by Northern capitalists.
The ’cute New’ Englander brings his capital
down South, to be nearer the raw material
and to tap the supply of pitiful little white
children, whose parents are so wretchedly
poor that they can't resist the temptation of
the weekly pay-check. These Northern capi
talists meet with less opposition in the South
than in the East when it comes to grinding
the children of Christians into 65 per cent,
dividends.
Therefore, we have our half-a-thousand
factories, and our Southern Congressmen bol
ster with their enthusiastic oratory and vote
a tariff system that victimizes twenty-five mil
lions of Southern people. It is fine patriot
ism and far-seeing statesmanship WHICH
FLEECES 25,000,000 CITIZENS TO EN
RICH THE OWNERS OF 500 COTTON
MILLS.
® ® ®
Two Socialists Letters
Correspondents often tell us that we “don’t
understand Socialism.” In fact, we have
never yet knowm a Socialist who, when
touched in a tender place, did not flinch, and
squeal, “You don't understand what Social
ism is.”
For some time one of our Louisiana friends
has been teasing us for space to dissipate the
fog, dispel the clouds, clarify the horizon, put
uncertainty to the blush, and let in a sun
burst of light on this vexed definition and ex
planation of Socialism. At length we inti
mated to our Louisiana brother that if he
would be reasonably brief he should have the
space to acquaint all of us with the real and
true meaning of the Sphinx.
Promptly came the response and the read
ers of the Jeffersonian may now read Broth
er Gurley’s exposition of his creed. It ap
pears on another page of this issue.
At the same time, we reproduce another let
ter which another Socialist writes to another
paper. Read what Comrade Gurley says So
cialism is, and then read what Comrade Da
vidowski says it is.
When you have finished both letters you
will be in big luck if you can tell where vou’re
“at.”
If I had time I would be willing to travel
a long way to hear Gurley’s opinion of David
owski’s Socialism, delivered hot from the
fiery furnace of Comrade Gurley’s honest in
dignation.
® ® ®
His Way and Ours
On another age will be found another com
munication from Mr. W. F. Way.
In regard to the publication of his first let
ter, we beg to say that if we have offended
him by so doing we hereby express our re-
grets. The communication was to an editor,
and the subject-matter was a public question
which is now under general discussion;
therefore the editor assumed that there would
be no impropriety in the publication. Cour
tesy made some answer necessary, and editors
cannot be expected to thresh out public ques
tions in private correspondence.
Mr. Way’s statement of his views was force
ful, and we realize that Protective sentiment
has come to stay, in the South; hence we
thought that no harm could result from giv
ing the Protectionist his hearing and then
combatting his views as unsound.
Mr. Way thinks we treated him unfairly in
classing him as a “champion of the Lumber
Trust.” As we now understand him, he is not
the champion of the Lumber Trust, but of
Mr. Brantley, who voted for the Lumber
Trust. Well, we won’t lose precious time over
a little thing like that. But we will say that
where one advocates the measures out of
which grow the trusts, one should be prepared
to be dubbed a champion of the trusts.
_ Mr. Way asks, “What justice is there in
placing a heavy import duty on cotton ties
and bagging?” There isn’t any. They should
be on the free list. And if the Democrats in
Congress had made a long pull altogether to
place ties and bagging on the free list, that’s
where they would have gone.
As to tariff duties on cotton, on wheat, corn
and rye,—they have no more influence on
prices in this country than the howling of the
dog in the back yard has on the changes of
the moon.
Such duties are put into the bill to fool the
farmer. The foxy politicians advocate such
duties for the purpose of being able to claim
that the blessed tariff protects the farmer
just as it does the manufacturer. Any Con
gressman who seriously contends that the du
ties on corn, rye and wheat affect the prices,
here or elsewhere, needs a padded cell in some
asylum. Any Congressman who says a duty
on short staple cotton will have the slightest
influence upon the price of common cotton, is
either a simpleton or a hypocrite.
Readers of the Jeffersonian do not need
to be reminded that we have never hesitated
to condemn the proposal to place tariff duties
on cotton. We have told the farmer that such
duties would be wrong in principle and dis
appointing in practice. The suggestion of
Mr. Way that we maintained “a discreet si
lence'’ as to Mr. Brantley’s great speech in
favor of tariff duties on cotton, is comical. In
the first place, we confess, with a proper de
gree of shame, that we had not seen or heard
of Mr. Brantley’s great speech. There are so
many great speeches flying around, these days,
that we may be excused for not keeping up
with all of them. But if Mr. Brantley did,'
as his champion asserts, make a great speech
in advocacy of duties on cotton, the fact
shows nothing more than that Brantley has
joined in the glorious Republican game of
humbugging the farmer.
Where is the price of cotton registered ? In
Liverpool, as all the world knows. Why is
this so? Because England is the greatest
buyer of cotton.
Why do we have to await the “cables from
Liverpool,” before we know what price to
place on our own cotton? Because cotton is
an export crop; we have to take the foreign
price, because we depend on the foreign mar
ket.
How silly it is, then, to contend that a tariff
duty, placed on Egyptian cotton coming into
our home market, can have any influence on
the price which is fixed in Liverpool! When
we use the word “fixed,” we do not mean that
England arbitrarily dictates the price. She
does not do so—else the price would not fluc
tuate so violently and so constantly. But the
price is registered, in Liverpool, and from Liv
erpool the world takes it, because Liverpool
is the great cotton market and the law of sup
ply and demand makes its first impression
there.
The Republican Congressmen make a great