PAGE FOUR
J ummary of TLbents as They Happen
Troops at Pensacola.
Governor Broward of Florida is rushing
troops to Pensacola. In addition to the Jack
sonville companies, every available man in the
state militia service was ordered to Pensacola
at once. Gatling gun goes with troops.
Big Fire in Boston.
For twelve hours fire swept over Chelsea, a
suburb of Boston, Mass. Four persons are
dead, fifty hurt. Fire fighters from Boston
and other cities unable to check the flames.
Ten thousand people homeless.
Troops and Night Riders.
To put an end to the revolution threatened
in Calloway county, Kentucky, in the richest
section of the dark tobacco district, Acting-
Go vernor Cox ordered out the company of
mountain troops at Hopkinsville. They were
rushed to Murray to protect the independent
tobacco warehouses of the Imperial Tobacco
Company.
Senate Wants Names.
The secretary of war is directed to furnish
to the senate the names of enlisted men of the
Twenty-fifth regiment, discharged without
honor in connection with the shooting affray
at Brownsville, Texas, August 13, 1906, who
have applied for re-enlistment under the order
of the secretary of war, dated December 12,
1906.
Bryan Starts the Ball.
What is regarded as virtually the first chal
lenge of the presidential campaign, if it is to
be fought between Bryan and Taft, came from
the lips of the Nebraska leader of Democracy,
when he spoke at the big dollar dinner at Kan
sas City, Mo., attended by 2,000 members of
the Young Men’s Democratic club of Mis
souri, Monday night, April 6. Judson Har
mon, of Ohio, was also down for a speech, and
he began it, but the eagerness to hear Bryan
made the audience impatient and so noisy
that Hannon had to quit. The keynote of
Bryan’s talk was a comparison between Taft
and La Follette in which he made it plain
that he regarded the latter as a real reformer,
who, if he were nominated, would command
the support of that big section of Republi
cans who want to see things done, while Taft
he characterized as a bogus reformer. Bryan
made it plain that he expects to see many
Republicans support the Democratic candi
dates if the Republican party names Taft.
Roosevelt to Attend.
President Roosevelt has promised to attend
the corner stone laying of the new home of the
bureau of American Republics which is to be
erected in Washington early in May.
Fleet Leaves Magdalena.
The Atlantic fleet of 16 battleships left Cal
ifornia on the homeward cruise.
First Flag of Forty-six Stars.
The Senate, on motion of Senator Gore,
of Oklahoma, passed a resolution directing the
presentation to the State of Oklahoma of the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
“first flag of forty-six stars that floated over
the Capitol of the United States.”
Manager Boas in Panama.
Mr. Earl Boas, general manager of the
Hamburg-American Steamship Line, and par
ty, have arrived at Colon on the Eitel Fried
rich and are the guests of President Amador
in Panama.
Milledge’s First Race: He is now Running.
Captain R. H. Milledge, candidate for pris
on commissioner, is enjoying the unique dis
tinction of making his first race for office. He
is a grandson of Georgia’s famous governor,
John Milledge, through whose beneficence the
University of Georgia was first established as
the result of a donation of land in Clarke
county worth SIOO,OOO. This was the begin-
CAPT. R. H. MILLEDGE.
ning of the university, and Milledge did for
Georgia what Thomas Jefferson did for Vir
ginia about the same time. Captain Milledge
is well known throughout Georgia, having been
prominently connected with the insurance bus
iness for a number of years. He is a brother
of the late Captain John Milledge, known
throughout Georgia as a gallant confederate
veteran, and for many years state librarian.
Is the North Pole Shifting?
M. B. Colworth, the British scientist who
is conducting a series of climatic and magnet
ic observations in Alaska, has reached Vic
toria, B. C., with the information that the
whole north polar region is undergoing a rad
ical climatic change and that the pole itself
is shifting so that the northern territory of
this continent is becoming warmer and that
of North Asia colder. Colworth believes that
huge masses of ice in Baffin bay and Arctic
waters near Greenland are causing this move
ment, the immense weight of these masses tilt
ing the earth toward Siberia.
To Modify Anti-Trust Law.
Representative Hepburn, Republican, of
lowa, introduced on Monday, the proposed
amendment to the Sherman aiiti-trust law,
which is the outcome of the recent confer
ences at the White House between the presi
dent and representatives, of labor and capital
brought together by the Civic federation. The
main feature of the bill is the provision for
the federal registration of corporations which
come forward with full information about
their formation and business methods. The
corporations so registered will be protected
from prosecutions. The offices of registry
will be the interstate commerce commission
for common carriers and the bureau of cor
porations for all others. That is, all the law
abiding trusts are to have the opportunity
of proving themselves such and the others are
to be prosecuted. Also immunity is to be
granted after one year from the passage of
the act to all those duly registered, that is
immunity from prosecution for acts commit
ted before the passage of the law. The ob
ject is to give corporations which may have
been irregular a chance to reform, using moral
suasion rather than force in the first instance.
The commissioner of corporations will have
the right to decide which are the good and
which the bad trusts, and the president will
have authority to prescribe the information
required. One other important feature of the
bill is exemption of labor unions, granges,
etc., from the operation of the anti-trust
law and expressly conferring the right to or
ganize and to strike. But the right to carry
on a boycott is not recognized.
Fire at Lynchburg.
One of the most destructive fires in the city
of Lynchburg in twenty years occurred early
April 3, when four factories, three of them
tobacco plants, were burned, with a total loss
of 225,000. The fire raged during a strnog
wind, and the firemen were powerless to cope
with the blaze.
Mrs. Roosevelt in Atlanta.
Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, wife of the pres
ident, and party, including Miss Ethel Roose
velt, will be in Atlanta a few minutes today,
April 4, en route to Washington from New
Orleans.
President Urges Revision.
Revision of the tariff, financial legislation
and amendment of the anti-trust and inter
state commerce laws to permit reasonable
combinations of workingmen, of farmers and
of trade, and for tariff agreements, are the
most important subjects touched upon by
President Roosevelt in a special message
transmitted to congress. The president also
urges the creation of a permanent waterways
commission, restriction of grains of water
power franchises; a child labor law; amend
ment of the injunction laws; establishment of
a postal savings bank, and the immediate abol
ition of the tariff duty on wood pulp and pa
per. The message is one of the most import
ant delivered to congress by President Roose
velt and sets forth in full the president’s
views on the leading questions of the day.