Jefferson* jr
Vol. 7, Number 9
tional Institution.
Guess I’ll have to incorporate it, under that new law which
Taft wants, and sell shares of stock in it.
If the Socialists were capable of sane reasoning, they’d know
that the term “Surplus Value” is pure nonsense. There may be
different kinds of value — value in use, value in exchange, etc., —
but there is not, never has been, and never can be such a thing as
Surplus Value. You might as well speak of the surplus hide of
a living horse, or the surplus horns of a live cow. When a pail is
full of water or milk, it is full; and to speak of its being fuller
than full, is to talk idiotic gibberish.
The value of a thing is, the full measure of its commercial
worth; in the very nature of things, there cannot be any surplus
to it,
In all of Karl Marx’s tedious rig-marole about surplus value
in the weaving of cotton into cloth, there isn't a glimmer of
reason.
He left out of the reckoning the very Hamlet of the play,
towit: the genius of invention, and the brainwork of management.
► How could any theory of value hold water, when those all-im
portant factors in production are ignored?
De Leon, the New York Socialist editor, (who, bv the way, is
the American translator of Herr Bebel's “Woman Under Social
ism”,) kindly undertakes to enlighten me by illustrating how I
employ “100 niggers” to work for me; and how I sell the product
of their labor for more than it costs me. This profit of mine, he
says, is “Surplus Value”.
Well, in the first place, I don’t hire any negro producers.
They work for themselves as tenants, or croppers.
They cultivate land in which is stored up my own labor— a
lifetime of it. Since I was sixteen years old, I’ve paddled my
own canoe. As school-teacher, lawyer, lecturer, author and edi
tor Pve worked, harder than any Socialist ever did —so hard that
I’ve lost the art of taking vacation and enjoying leisure.
The land, fairly bought and paid for with my thirty years of
toil, represents my labor.
A tenant comes along and wants, for one year, the use of that
labor. We discuss the matter, and come to an agreement, The
price fixed, is called Rent.
(Here is where the Dervishes Begin to Whirl and Howl.)
The tenant brings me two bales of cotton to pay me for the
use of my “crystallized labor”: the remainder of his crop is taken
to market bv himself. We both sell, say on the same day and at
the same price.
He gets full value for his cotton; and I, for mine: where does
“Surplus Value' 1 11' 1 come in?
But suppose that the farm had been run for wages, as De Leon
put it—how could a. surplus have got into the value? How could
the living man come by a surplus skin?
When you market a crop produced by wage labor, the amount
which remains in your hands, after paying all expenses, repre
sents the capital invested in the land, and the executive ability of
management.
Could your employees run your farm without you? Doesn’t
the ship have to have its Captain? Mustn't every business have
its “head'’, its boss?
(In every Socialist argument you will find, if you wish to,
this same disregard of the simple facts.)
In manufacturing, the plant represents the stored labor of the
past. That executive ability plays a most important part in pro
duction, is shown by the high salaries paid to superintendents,
general-managers, etc. The best .railroad, with the best of engi-
“ Surplus Value ” and Socialism
|HE Whirling Dervishes are greatly rejoicing over my
discussion of “Surplus Value”: of course, they say that
Ido not know what it is. Really, the Missionaries and
the Socialists, between them, seem determined to be
' lieve that my “ignorance” is becoming a Sort of Na-
Mlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 3, 1910
neers, conductors and train-hands, depends at last upon the Gen
eral Manager’s office for its financial success. So with factories,
mines and mercantile establishments.
“There is more in the man than there is in the land” is an old
adage which hits it off exactly.
You may take the best business in the world, and it will go to
wreck and ruin faster than a dog can trot, if the wrong man takes
control.
How often have you seen examples of that? And how often
have you seen a failing business revive and flourish under a
change of management?
When you see a Joseph Pulitzer take charge of a perishing
newspaper, build it into the mighty New York 'World, and coin
millions of dollars out of it, you witness the triumph of executive
ability. Every successful business must have some of it.
And this powerful, indispensable element, in the production
of wealth, is utterly ignored in the “argument” for Socialism.
Where individual initiative is unhampered, as under our sys
tem, genius seeks its own level, as water does. Under Socialism,
it would be chained, or smothered.
The manufacturer is entitled to his fair profit. If he takes no
more than that, he does no injury to any one. And he cannot get
more than a reasonable profit, if competition be left unfettered.
To get the huge dividends which now swell his hoards, he
must have legislation which gives him a monopoly.
In this country of Trusts, that is just what he got; and the
laboring class not only helped him to get it, but they help him to
keep it.
Yet, it can be easily shown that the tariff robs the laborer of
more, as a consumer, than even the stand-patters contend that it
gives him, as a laborer.
It is utterly impossible to make the average wage-earner see
that he can’t help the employers build a trap for the American
consumer, without getting caught in it himself.
If the Socialists would quit baying the moon, and atd us to
put our legislative system on the basis of ante-bellum Democ
racy, the tragic conditions which make poverty and class-hatred
would quickly disappear.
How the lowa Republican Million
aire Is Swallowing Farmers’
Union Papers
I
R. C. D. REIMERS is a wealthy Republican who mi
grated from lowa to Texas. No harm in that. Nor
is it a hanging crime to be an lowa Republican. And
if he came 'by his money honestly, there’s nothing to
be said about that.
But here is where we must all watch the rich Republican
from Iowa:
He bought up the Co-operator, a Farmers’ Union organ; and
then he put the scoop under the Arkansas Tribune, another
Farmers’ Union paper; and now he has gone and swallowed the
Missouri Farmer, which was the official organ of the Farmers’
Union in that State.
Is it desirable that a millionaire Republican, from lowa,
should continue to wipe out Farmers'' Union papers? Is no dan
ger to be feared from the growth of this newspaper monopoly?
As Mr. Reimers is a Republican, the influence of his merged,
consolidated papers will be thrown in favor of Republican poli
tics. He has already given as much aid and comfort to the Han
nacrat Ship Subsidy thieves as he could. When he has widened
and strengthened his hold on the Farmers’ Union newspaper ter
ritory, his power will be thrown against Southern interests and
Democratic principles.
Again, I ask—is it desirable that a millionaire Republican
should continue to scoop Farmers’ Union papers?
Price, Five Cents