PAGE TWELVE
THE TRUTH ABOUT DISFRANCHISE
MENT.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
garlands of praise around my name,. Those
who read his organ, the Journal, will recall
how tenderly and admiringly it spoke of me.
-The very same lies which the journal tells
on me now are similar to those it had to swal
low in igo 6.
Hardwick and I realized how strong would
be the Disfranchisement issue in the Campaign.
Hoke never did. In his speeches, he said pre
cious little about it. He had much more to say
against freight rates and the Early Primary*
than about disfranchisement. Not until June
5, 1908. did he fully realize that his great tri
umph of j 906 was not chiefly due to his own
transcendent merit, eloquence, beauty, tactical
skill and magnetic personality. . .
At the last moment our gubernatorial Apollo
bushwhacked Disfranchisement, just as he
bush whacked Joe Brown, fte slipped through
the legislature an amendment to the Disfran
chisement act which gives the Democrats one
more chance to use Sambo against the Pops.
Nevertheless, we stood to our own ideas of
honesty, and did our part in bringing success
10 the law which, means so much to our future.
To Mr. Hardwick great credit is due. He was
steadfast for many years, when he was in a
hopeless minority. As to Hoke, he simply saw
how irresistible was the plan of Campaign, and
he horned Pope Brown off because he wanted
for himself the benefit of Hardwick-Watson al
liance.
* ** r,
Ny Receipt Tor the Stuff.
Col. Moses Wetmore is the acting chairman
of the Bryanite finance committee; he is also
a magnate whose wealth, accumulated by r To
bacco Trust methods, represents the spoil of
thousands of tobacco fields.
'l'he Colonel is not satisfied with the $220,000
slush fund which Bryan acknowledges —he
wants more, much more.
' As a warning to the Democratic politicians
who expect to have influeenc with Bryan if he
is elected, Colonel Wetmore bluntly threatens
to bar the way to the White House —“when
Bryan is President" —all of those “who can not
show my receipt for the stuff.”
By “the stuff,*' Colonel Wetmore somewhat
irreverently refers to campaign boodle. Those
who contribute money to Bryan’s campaign
are given Wetmore’s receipts, and the Colonel,
with engaging frankness, declares that those
unpatriotic Democrats who can not, or will
not, come into possession of “my receipt for the
stuff” shall not be allowed access to the Peer
less “when he is President.”
By the same token, those who pay most will
enter first, AND GET MOST. ’Tis a pretty
plan, and simplifies matters immensely. Be-_
sides it reminds us, again, of Cleveland’s third
race, when Van Alon bought the Italian mis
sion for $50,000 and Cleveland insisted upon
delivering the goods. Van Alen, more decent
than Cleveland, declined the commission, af
ter the newspapers had exposed the foul deal.
>*
What's the Use of a Governor Anylvay ?
Georgia’s gubernatorial Apollo is off the job
again. He’s gone West to make speeches for
our social-equality man, W. J. 8., and will be
gone month. Why not stay away two
months—-one for work and another for rest?
Georgia does not appear to need a Governor
very much, nohow.
Those Prohibitionists of our dear old State
who claimed that Hoke was “the salvation of
our Prohibition bill” should travel West, and
listen to our Governor while he makes a few
speeches for the saloon-keepers of Ohio and
Indiana. The Bryan campaign in Ohio and
Indiana is the saloon-keeper’s fight, just as it
was in Maine.
To satisfy the curious, we will state that the
Governor's salary will not stop while he’s tak-
ofye 3effersoniaa
ing a month off. Full pay will run on, just as
though he were at his post of duty doing what
he is paid to do.
Wants another Cabinet place, docs the hand
some Iffoke. That’s about the size of his pa
triotic interest in Bryan’s election. Never tin- N
der any circumstances does Hoke work for
anybody but Floke.
H H
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
Mr. Bryan and Mr. Taft continue their pol
icy of pot calling the kettle black.
Mr. Bryan jumps on the Republicans on ac
count of their connection with .the trusts, and
the Republicans show that the Democrats.are
as deep in the mud as they are in the mire.
It is a clear case of thief catching thief. The
trusts are represented on both campaign com
mittees, and arc, no doubt, contributing to
both campaign funds, just as they have been
doing before.
Both platforms suit the trust magnates, and
they care very little who wins.
Mr. Bryan’s conservative Democracy suits
them about as well as Mr. Taft’s Republican
ism.
Any' Democrat who goes to Judge Parker
and David B. Hill for advice and direction,
isn't feared by the trusts.
»»
NEGRO VOTE DIVIDED.
Colored Minister Says Bryan Will Get at Least
200,000.
New Haven, Conn., Oct. 9. —Rev. J. Milton
Waldren, of Washington, I). C., president of
the National Negro American Political League,
and pastor of a church in Washington, gave
out a statement in this citv this afternoon that
between 200,000 and 300.000 negroes who had
heretofore voted the Republican national ticket
would vote against Taft.
Dr. Waldren said: “They will lose the ma
jority' of them in the doubtful States, where it
will hurt the most. I think the negro vote will
be a very important factor in the election in
this State.” —Washington (D. C.) Herald.
And yet our Democratic friends in the South
tell us that the negroes are not going to sup-,
port Mr. Bryan, nor is there any agreement or
understanding .between Mr. Bryan and the ne
gro leaders.
If this is true, why are so many negro lead
ers openly declaring themselves in favor of Mr.
Bryan ?
They have voted the Republican ticket ever
since they Have been allowed to vote, so, why
such a sudden change?
Doesn't it about convince von that there is
an understanding of some kind between Mr.
Bryan and the negroes?
The names of some of the contributors to
the two old party campaign funds have leaked
out.
The Republican list is headed by Andrew
Carnegie, and the Democratic bv ex-Senator
William A. Clark, the Copper King, and Perry
Belmont, brother of August Belmont, the man
who bought Judge Parker’s nomination.
When both lists are made public, you will
find contributions to both funds which can be
traced directly to the trusts.
Samuel Gompers seems to be having more
trouble in turning the labor vote to Mr. Bryan
than was expected.
After the nomination, when Mr. Gompers
promised to deliver this vote to Mr. Bryan,
the Democratic managers felt that they only'
had to count the labor ballots.
But they made a mistake, for it looks very'
much like Mr. Gompers promised more than
he will be able to deliver.
With Mr. Bryan lunching with Judge Parker
and visiting David B. Hill, the Belmonts, Har
riman, Ryan & Co., arc satisfied that tberejs
nothing to fear from the Peerless One if he
should be elected.
The Wall Street rascals feel as they did after
Judge Parker's nomination in 1904— safe.
If Taft is elected, all well and good.
If Bryan is elected, the same.
This campaign is proving rather a hot one
for some of the politicians.
First, DuPont and Foraker, the Republicans,
were forced to step aside and keep quiet.
DuPont, on account of his connection with
the Powder Trust, and Foraker, on account of
his connection with the Oil Trust.
Then followed Gov. Haskell, the Democratic
treasurer. He, too, had been too closely con
nected to the Standard Oil Co.
But the latest one to get in hot water is Mr.
Kern, Mr. Bryan's running mate.
A few*clays ago he had the misfortune to
lose his pocket-book, and in the pocket-book
was a pass over the Big Four Railroad, good to
December 31, 1908.
Now, the question is, has Mr. Kern been vio
lating the law by riding on a free pass, or is
he one of the railroad’s attorneys?
If Mr. Kern is not one of the Big Four’s at
torneys, he has knowingly violated the law.
If he is one of the road’s attorneys, the
Democrats have a man in the employ of one
of our biggest corporations running on their
ticket for Vice President.
But what more could you expect of a man
whom Tom Taggart had put on the ticket, and
controls?
Disfranchisement carried the day in Geor
gia, despite the a strong fight was
made against the amendment in a quiet way.
White people who can not read and write
were told that they would be disfranchised the
same as the negro, and some of them believed
it and voted against the amendment.
The negroes voted against it, of course. It
is a good law, but it does not go into effect
until January, 1909.
Therefore, the negroes can vote for Presi
dent-on November 3, just as if the amendment
had been defeated. The vote in Georgia is
apt to be close, and the negro leaders are in
structing their followers to knife Taft and vote
for Bryan.
Is this the reason the law does not go into
effect before January, 1909?
Now that the State election is over, some
idea of the strength of the Independence Party
in’ Georgia can be had.
The returns show that it is woefully weak,
with little chance of gaining any' strength on
November 3.
In Georgia, like most other States, the Hearst
party’s strength lies mainly in Mr. Plearst’s
agents’ ability' to make claims.
The most enthusiastic Hearst followers are
those on the Plearst pay-roll, and even Mr.
Hearst can not afford to make that pay-roll big
enough to cut much of a figure in a national
election.
_ *. *?,
Suppose All the Governors Did Likewise.
“Mr. Smith called at Democratic headquar
ters and assured National Chairman Mack that
he was ready to devote all of his time to the
aid of Mr. Bryan’s campaign. He was pre
pared, not only to make speeches for the Demo
cratic ticket, he said, but to take an active
share in the organization work.”
The Smith here alluded to is our magnificent
and beautiful Hoke.
He is Governor of Georgia, and is under an
oath of office which most people understood
to bind him to occupy the executive office, in
the State Capitol, in Atlanta,.and thus be on
hand to attend to- the duties which are inci
dent to his position as Governor of Georgia.
Is it right for Governor Smith to abandon
the office for a month and give all his time to
partisan politics in other States?
Is he paid to do that? Was he elected to do
that? Is he treating the people of Georgia
right?