PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
FARM NOTES.
Every farmer would be a great convenience
to himself if he understood something about
carpentering, blacksmithing and painting.
Grease your buggy when you come in, then
it is ready whenever you want to go out.
Instead of counting the cost, man needs
to value experience at what it is worth.
Children sent to town to attend school sel
dom return permanently to the farm.
Some have manure cisterns into which
liquid manure is drained, and saved. Other
wise it is wasted, and does no one any good.
One of the most difficult crops to keep is
sweet potatoes. Uncless kept perfectly dry
they will rot. They need to go through a
sweating process before being stored. Some
use perfectly dry sand or dust.
Many a man is a success in growing truck
who is a failure when he comes to selling it.
He should work up his weak point, and spend
part of his raising time in learning to sell.
Careless work on the farm is one cause of
a great deal of loss. Careless shocking of
grain, careless stacking, careless feeding, and
many careless ways of doing things make big
leaks. These make the farm unprofitable.
Farm life is not any more exacting than
many other vocations. The ordinary man in
good health should be able to do a day’s
work on the farm, until he has children old
enough to take his place while he superin
tends.—Texas Farmer. •
OUR COMMITTEE CALLS FOR PETITIONS
The farmers are now in shape to make de
mands for what they want, and their demands
will receive consideration, too.
The Parcels Post.
The time has arrived in the history of this
nation when a parcel post bill is imperatively
necessary.
The National Farmers’ Union has declared
itself in favor of the bill. Third Assistant
Postmaster-General Hitchcock is in favor of
the passage of such a bill. President Roose
velt does not oppose the passage of the bill,
but every indication points to the fact that
he is in favor of it. The National Rural Mail
Carriers’ Association is in favor of a parcel
post bill.
If you should ask who it is opposed to the
parcel post bill we would answer: The express
companies and their informed or uninformed
supporters.
The amusing part of this situation is that
you will find a few retail merchants through
out the country who are fighting the parcels
post bill. The argument that it will allow a
few mail order houses to impose on the farm
ers is an absolute farce, and no one makes
that argument except the person or persons
who are prompted by the profits to be made
out of the great masses of the people by not
having a parcel post bill.
As a national legislative committeeman, and
as the National Farmers’ Union has already
endorsed the parcel post bill, I earnestly ask
that every local and county union throughout
the jurisdiction of this great organization
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
pass resolutions asking congress to give us a
parcel post bill. Send a copy of such resolu
tions to the congressmen from your district.
Send one to your United States senator, and
send one to the President of the United States.
Do this at once and we will have the parcel
post bill without a doubt.
Yours for the Union,
R. F. DUCKWORTH,
Member National Legislative Committee.
—Jasper News.
HERE’S A TREMENDOUS LESSON FOR
COTTON FARMERS!
The $20,000 this one cotton buyer made on
weather-damaged cotton, and the $50,000 or
SIOO,OOO lost by the farmers who gave it to
him are but a drop in the bucket. Is your cot
ton protected against the weather?
One day when I was on a railway car near
Columbia, S. C., a man came into the car who
had a large bundle of something that looked
like cotton samples. I knew the man and
asked him what was in the bundle.
There were three “drummers” sitting near.
The man with the bundle looked at the drum
mers, laughed and said: “If these were farm
ers, I would not tell what I have in this pack
age.” I asked him why. He said because he
would be afraid the farmers would pitch him
out the car window when they learned what
the package meant.
Not being afraid of the drummers, he said
he had “samples of pickings.” I knew what
he meant, but the drummers did not, so he
told them. M
The man said he was in the employ of a
cotton exporting firm; that they bought cot
ton direct from farmers; that the farmer
would not protect his cotton from the earth
and weather after ginning; that cotton bales
were always damaged from lying on the
ground, and that when offered for sale — a
thing our farmers do not know—-the buyer
makes a guess at the damage, always guessing
.-o as to protect himself from loss. For in
stance, if the buyer believes there is five
pounds damage on a bale, he deducts 10
pounds or more; or if the damage perhaps is
20 pounds, he deducts 40 or 50 pounds.
Now, this damaged cotton does not cost the
buyer anything, but is a direct loss to the
farmer. His firm has several compresses.
The cotton is re-picked and re-baled at the
compress, the good cotton exported and the
“pickings” sold in America for ropes, bat
ting, coverings for wire, and other low-class
cotton products.
“Our sales,” said the man wtih the bun
dle, “for this season, for cotton we picked
from damaged bales, will amount to $20,000.
No cost to our firm except to sort the damaged
from the good cotton at the compress.”
He was asked if this damaged cotton came
in competition with good cotton. “Certainly
it does,” he said. If the farmer would pre
vent the damege, the mills which use this
cotton would be forced to buy the better cot
ton and then plow lines would last longer,
Mrs. Farmer, where is your old man’s cotton
that he is holding to sell at 15 cents per
pound? Has it been placed in a warehouse,
which is the proper place for it? Or is it
on the ground growing a grade of cotton to go
into the rotten plow lines?
Twenty thousand dollars does not represent
the original value of the above cotton, it only
represents the selling value after damage.
This transaction perhaps represented a loss
to the cotton growers of from $50,000 to
SIOO,OOO.
When will the Southern farmer learn to
stop such losses?
C. C. MOORE.
Mecklenburg Co., N. C.
—Progressive Farmer.
AN EXTRAVAGANT NATION.
The American nation will go down in his
tory as the most extravagant nation that ever
existed. It commenced by exterminating
the Indian. It next exterminated the buffalo.
It then turned attention to the forests, and
has almost eliminated them. These things
were serious, but they were not beyond re
pair. The career we have launched on now
is resulting in something that can never be
repaired. We are skimming the cream of the
mineral riches with which the land has been
so endowed in our haste to get rich. We are
destroying at least 50 per cent of everything
in the mineral line we lay our hands on.
Nothing but richest gold mines are worth
looking at; the same thing applies to all the
mines of precious minerals and precious
stones. When we come to our iron deposits
nothing but the richest of the ores is shipped
away; the leaner ore is wasted, much of it
destroyed forever.
‘Mines and Minerals” is authority for the
statement that 40 per cent of the magnificent
anthracite deposits in Pennsylvania, the dup
licate of which cannot be found on earth, has
been lost forever. We believe it is true, that,
up to this time, 50 per cent of the bituminous
coal area worked over has been wantonly
destroyed, and the destruction is being swift
ly carried on on every side. The man who
tries to conserve the mineral wealth of this
country is laughed at as a fool.
The man who cannot produce a ton of coal
cheaply in the estimation of some people is
no miner at all; in face, they gauge a man’s
ability by the cost at which he produces a ton
of coal, no matter if he destroy ten tons of
coal for every one he gets out. Our president,
who seems to have the faculty of probing
everything, has not yet probed the mineral
industries of this land, but it is evident he is
being awakened to the fact that wanton
waste is running riot through the land; for
he has directed that the coal seams underlying
the unsold public lands shall not be disposed
of, and we don’t doubt that he will follow
this matter further, and probably order an
investigation of the mining methods of this
lang.—Farmers’ Advocate.