PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THUS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tbmple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttrtd at Pttftjfict, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQO7, at ttctnd
clan mail mattir
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 12, 1908
Those Pardons and These Questions
A married man, named Willie Rogers,
caught his wife in the act of infidelity.
Later in the day he shot her to death.
It was murder; but under the plain let
ter of the law there is no punishable
crime unless the person committing the
act is a man of sound mind, binder the
Georgia rule, a man has a sound mind
within the meaning of the law if he knows
right from wrong.
Some of the best medical experts in
Savannah, the home of Rogers, con
sidered him non-sane. Some of the most
intelligent men and women of the city—
knowing Rogers well —considered him
almost an idiot.
To have given him a life sentence
would have met every requirement of the
law. But he was hanged, and thus the
state lost a convict, worth to her about
$250 dollars per year. He was a young
man, and therefore he might have earned
$250 per year for the state for thirty
years, or more. But they put him to
death. And some of the physicians
and some of the people of Savannah, who
have no interest in the case save that
of common humanity, declare that the ex
ecution of this poor, half-witted creature
is a blot on the fair fame of Georgia.
But “the powers that be" had hardened
their hearts in the Glover case; and the
powers had to be consistent; and so the
semi-idiot, Rogers, had to be choked to
death, because the crack-brained Glover’s
life was demanded by the Augusta Ring.
So much for these two poor fellows
who were defective and decadent.
During the thirty years that they might
reasonably have expected to live, they
would have earned $15,000 for the state,
and been reformed, as well as punished.
But consider another case, Walline, a
young unmarried man, kills Brett, a mar
ried man.
What about?
Walline had a habit of behaving him
self that was most insulting to Brett’s
wife. He would leave his room door open
while dressing and undressing, and while
lying on his bed undressed; therefore
Mrs. Brett, whose room was opposite,
across the narrow corridor, had to see the
indecency of Walline, in passing in and
out of her own room. She asked her
husband to speak to the young man
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
about it and Brett did so. Walline fired
up, resented the husband’s remonstrance,
and thus brought on a fight, in which
Brett was killed.
Walline must have been ably defended,
for the jury mercifully returned a verdict
for manslaughter, when the evidence
would have justified one for murder.
After about three years of Walline’s
term had been served, the governor par
doned him.
Why?
by his indecency had provoked the fatal
encounter. The husband lost his life in
the effort to protect his wife from in
sult. Walline outraged the wife by un
gentlemanlv conduct, and then killed the
husband who asked the young man to
respect her.
Yet the governor, who was as hard as
flint in the Rogers case, was as soft as
butter in the Walline case.
Why?
He was a steel rod in the Rogers case,
but in the Walline case a willow twig.
WHY?
n n h
What Is Cotton Worth ?
At this time, when the farmers are
holding their crop for fifteen cents per
pound, it is desirable that they have
some actual knowledge of what the price
should be.
We read in the newspapers that the to
bacco growers have been selling leaf to
bacco, this week, for and 15 cents
per pound. When the growers organized
to fight the Trust, the price of tobacco
had been run down by the Trust to four
and five cents per pound.
A few years ago cotton was run down
to six cents, and Theodore Price, the lead
er of the bears of Wall street, declared
that it would go down to five cents.
The Farmers’ Union and similar organ
izations determined that they should
have something nearer the value of their
product, and the result is that since cot
ton dropped to six cents, it has sold as
high as sixteen cents. It is now sagging
between eleven and twelve cents. What
ought the price to be? Is cotton really
worth more than twelve cents?
Let us look at the facts. A bale of
cotton weighing 500 pounds will make
about 3,000 yards of calico. To manu
facture this bale of cotton into the 3,000
yards of calico will cost about SIOO in
all. Therefore, if the manufactured prod
uct (the calico) sells at seven cents per
yard, the bale of cotton will yield to the
manufacturer $2lO. His profit on the
bale, then, is about SIOO. But let us say
that the spinner only gets an average of
five cents for his calico. This will be •
$l5O for the 3,000 yards which are made
from the bale of cotton. In that event,
he buys a bale of cotton for $60.00 (as
suming that he pays twelve cents for
it), and sells it for $l5O. In the manu
facture of the cotton his entire expenses
will be about SIOO, or $40.00 over and
above what he pays for the raw cotton;
consequently his net profit, even at five
cents per yard for the calico, is somewhere
between S4O and SSO per bale. On a
crop of 12,000,000 bales, the spinner,
therefore, could make a profit of about
$500,000,000.
To the farmer this state of affairs
means that he sells a bale of cotton for
$50.00 or $60.00, and buys it back at
from $l5O to S2OO.
No wonder that the statistics published
by the United States government prove
that the agricultural classes are not even
making good wages, whereas the manu
facturing classes, after paying wage*, raw
material, and interest upon capital, make
a net profit of $2,000,000,000. In ether
words, the official statistics prove that
capital invested in manufacturing, wheie
it is given by law a monopoly of the
American market, yields a net profit of
twenty-nine per cent per year to the
manufacturers.
Unprotected and competing with the
Old World, the American farmer is not
making any net profit whatever upon his
investment. As a rule, he barely gets a
Coming now to the question as to what
cotton really is worth let us figure it out ’
another way. Suppose the manufacturer
paid you fifteen cents per pound for your
cotton. In that case, a bale weighing 500
pounds would cost the manufacturer
$75.00. He would manufacture it in+o
3,000 yards of calico at a cost of about
slls or $l2O. Selling his calico at five
cents per pound, the bale of cotton would
yield him $150; therefore his profit would
be about $30.00 per bale.
Let us suppose that the manufacturer
paid twenty cents per pound for cotton.
What would be the result to him? The
bale of cotton would cost him SIOO. He
would manufacture it into 3,000 yards
of calico at a cost of about $l4O. If he
got no more than five cents per yard for
his product, he would make SIO.OO per •
bale on each bale of cotton that he made
into calico.
In cotton manufactories the investment
of capital is about $650,000,000. There
fore, if every bale of a crop of 12,000,000
bales should be manufactured into calico
which was sold by the manufacturers at
five cents per pound, he could afford to
pay twenty cents per pound, for his net
profit would be $120,000,000, or nearly
twenty per cent clear profit upon the
capital invested.
Os course, there may be other manu
factures of cotton besides calico, which
pay a larger per cent of profit. There
may be some which pay less. The proba
bilities are that there is considerable uni
formity in the profit of manufacturing
the staple into cloth. Therefore it would
seem to be capable of exact demonstra
tion that the manufacturers could afford
to pay twenty cents per pound for cot- -
ton and still make enormous profits, be
yond a reasonable and legitimate return
upon their money.
In answer to the question: “What Is
Cotton Worth?” consider these figures