PAGE EIGHT
Ol)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
TH OS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. u June 24, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Is There a Lumber Trust?
Several good friends of the Jeffersonian
have made inquiries concerning the Lumber
Trust. Some of these letters come from lum
ber dealers, and some from other sources.
Was there ever a Tobacco Trust? The
Dukes and their allies bitterly denied the soft
impeachment. Uncle Sam believed that there
was such a trust, and thousands of dollars
were spent in the effort to prove it.
Is there a Standard Oil Trust? Admitted
ly, a Standard Oil Company exists, but its
lawyers,—men of eminent respectability,—
sonorously deny that the company is a trust.
The honorable Standard, so they say, wel
comes competition, and treats its rivals with
distinguished consideration, and allows prices
to wobble up or down in obedience to the
grand law of Supply and Demand.
So it is with the Meat Trust, —they confess
that there are packing companies, but indig
nantly repudiate the insinuation that they
enjoy a monopoly and fix prices.
So it was with the Lead Trust. In the U.
S. Senate, the virtuous statesmen who look
after the legislative interests of the trust,
went on record with angry denials of its ex
istence. Other Senators, who happened to be
posted, brought in the evidence that the Lead
Trust is a deplorable actuality.
We are not surprised to learn that the Lum
ber Trust enters a plea of not guilty. The
“Blind Tiger” seldom confesses, and the Su
gar Trust declares that it is as innocent as a
newborn babe in the matter of those doctored
scales, those false weights, the two sets of
books, and the stealage of the millions of dol
lars, —a portion of which they hastened to dis
gorge.
The man who does not know that in the
Northwest there is a huge combine of lumber
men who own the timber supply, operate the
mills, control the output, and fix the price,
does not know, and could not be convinced,
that there is such a thing as the Steel Trust.
The man who does not know that in the
South and Southwest the supply of timber
and the ownership of the big saw-mills has
gone into the hands of a few great combina
tions of capital, does not know, and could not
be convinced, that there is a Beef Trust and
a Tobacco Trust.
When the lumber men held the recent con
vention at Kansas City, Mo., and resolved to
close down 1,000 saw-mills, and keep them
idle, until the lessening supply and increas
ing demand should enable the lumbermen to
get the prices they demanded, —was that a
move to help the common laborers?
When the owners of the big plants go to
Washington, term after term, and besiege
Congress until they are given tariff duties
which shut out competition,—who pockets the
millions thus legislated into the pockets of the
lumber men? Everybody can see for them
selves that the common laborers do not get it.
James Oliver, of “chilled plow” fame, died
the other day, leaving an estate of $60,000,000.
I Io was frequently heard to say that the tariff,
Jeffersonian
which protected him from competition, put
more money in his pocket than was put there
by all of his men and mills. Did his men get
any of it? No. They got living wages and
no more. Had they demanded more, he would
have fired them, and filled their places with
immigrants, or native unemployed.
Under our great and good Government,
home labor must meet the competition of for
eign labor, but home capital must not.
let we never seem to be able to convince
people that the capitalist is the sole beneficiary
of tariffs.
We are asked to give the name and location
of the Lumber Trust.
A few years ago the Consolidated Export
Lumber Co., of Beaumont and Houston, Tex
as, covered a great deal of the Southern ter
ritory. This was afterwards merged with the
Kirby Lumber Combine, of Houston, Texas.
This concern controls 800 big plants, and was
represented in the Kansas City meeting to
which allusion has been made.
In Collier’s book, “The Trusts,” we find a
list of the trusts, on page 8 and those follow
ing. In this are the Central Lumber Com
pany, California, capitalized at $70,000,000;
and the North Carolina Pine Timber Associa
tion, with $20,000,000 capital. Mr. H. H.
Tift, of Tifton, Ga., .who, with his allies,
owns 250,000 acres of timber land in Georgia
and Florida, could give anxious inquirers val
uable information, if he would.
In “The Tariff and the Trusts,” by Frank
lin Pierce, we read:
“We need lumber to build and repair our
houses, which the vast stores of Canada are
ready to furnish us, but the Dingley Tariff in
tervenes and says: ‘First pay the extra $2 a
thousand’; and we hack down our own for
ests, dry up the sources of our rivers, destroy
the supply of water for irrigation, and thus
impair the power on which we must depend
eventually to furnish us with electricity.”
That statement is literally true. The Ding
ley Tariff of $2 per thousand feet compels
consumers to pay the extra $2, which is pock
eted by the big men of the lumber combines.
Senator Burrows, of Michigan, is chair
man of one of the committees, and not long
ago there were a number of capitalists from
the Northwest in his room. The lumber
schedule was under discussion, —these visiting
capitalists being timber and mill owners. One
of them took out a pencil and figured on an
envelope awhile. Then he said, “Mr. Bur
rows, do you know what a tariff duty of $1
per thousand on lumber would mean to this
little crowd of men in here? IT TVOULD
MEAN $6,125,000 ON LAST YEAR'S PRO
DUCT."
This capitalist was no hypocrite, no profes
sional tariff liar. He was among friends and
pals who know what tariffs are made for, and
he found some pleasure in figuring out what
a one-dollar duty would be worth to that lit
tle group.
It a one-dollar duty is worth six million
dollars additional profit to the handful of
lumber men that were in Burrows’ room,
what will a two-dollar duty be worth to the
North Carolina, Georgia, Texas, California
and Northwestern lumber barons?
It will be worth hundreds of millions. The
consumers of lumber will have to suffer the
robbery, and Labor wih get no greater share
than it would get if lumber were put where
the Democrats promised to put it, — on the free
list.
® ® El
That Old Yarn About Toombs
A member of Mr. Taft’s Cabinet made a
speech on Memorial Day, his audience consist
ing of folks on the other and wrong side of
Mason and Dixon’s line. In enumerating the
evils which would have followed in the train
of Southern success, this Cabinet orator said
that if the Yankees and the Dutch and the
Germans and the Irish and so forth had not
overpowered us in that five-to-one scrap,
Robert Toombs might have actually carried
out his threat to “call the roll of his slaves at
the foot of the monument on Bunker Hill.”
Therefore, we must infer that to the mind
of this imaginative Cabinet officer, one of the
crowning blessings of the triumph of the
North and all creation over the single-handed
South, was that Bob Toombs did not carry
out his awful threat.
In the first place, Toombs “never said it.”
The story was a campaign yarn invented by
a New England Senator, and it belonged to
the same vintage as those Abolition lies about
bloodhounds, lacerated niggers, starved and
beaten slaves, enforced concubinage and other
Southern horrors and outrages. Toombs de
nied the story until his tongue was tired, and
Stephens vouched for the denial. But all to
no purpose. The yarn will live as long as
there are writers and speakers who find it
profitable to tickle the palate of sectional
prejudice with appetizing lies. In the second
place, if Toombs had wanted to call the roll
of his slaves at the foot of the Bunker Hill
monument, in 1859 or 1860, what was there to
hinder him from doing it? It was in 1859
that he was alleged to have made the terrible
threat. That was about the time he boldly
walked into Tremont Temple, Boston, and de
livered his magnificent lecture on Slavery and
the Negro. When he stated a historic fact
which the Bostonese did not like, they hissed
him. The leonine Georgian paused and quiet
ly remarked “You are hissing your own an
cestors.”
The late Maj. Wilkins, of Waynesboro, Ga.,
told me that he was attending college at Har
vard when Toombs came to Boston to deliver
the lecture. He said that the poet Longfellow
was in the audience, and that after Toombs
had finished he, Wilkins, was in company
with Longfellow as the poet wended his way
homeward. Maj. Wilkins remembered that
Longfellow, referring to Toombs, deplored
his lack of culture.
This reminds one of Carlyle’s well known
adage that every one sees that which he brings
the capacity to see. The owl and the eagle,
scanning the same horizon, no doubt get dif
ferent impressions of it, the capacity to see
being not the same in both birds.
Longfellow, in his way, was one of the most
cultured men of his times, but Toombs, in his
way, was no less so. He not only had genius
enough to have fired a brace of Hiawatha
poets, but in profound knowledge of law,
economics, the basic principles of jurispru
dence, of government and right administra
tion, he could have made a monkey out of
Longfellow or any other New Englander of
the generation following Webster.
And, as I say, there was nothing in the
world to prevent Toombs, on the day before
his lecture, or the day after, from going to
Bunker Hill, or Breed’s Hill —whichever it
is—and calling his roll of slaves.
Bl El ®
What Taft Said
Last week the princes, powers and poten
tates of Papa Pius’s church had a grand con
glomerated gathering in Washington, D. C.
It was an imposing thing, and also a curious.
It was imposing for the reason that the
princes, powers and potentates were all there
in their finest regalia—dressed just as much
in contrast to St. Peter and St. Paul and all
the other Saints as it was possible for Christ
ian tailors, haberdashers and man-milliners
to fix the togs.
And the assemblage was curious, for the
reason that one of the main speakers of the
occasion was Taft—President William How
de-do Taft— who is a Mason. Fancy!—a
grand, conglomeration of Papa’s Catholics
coming from all parts of the Union to be
spell-bound by a Mason!
But Papa’s Catholics knew what they were
doing. Papa’s folks generally do. They felt
rather confident that Taft was not Mason