PAGE TWO
What Our Farmers Are Doing and Saying
CORN CULTURE AND CARE.
From a bulletin of the Texas De
partment of Agriculture on “Corn
Culture,” we make the following con
densation. It is full of information
that can be thoroughly studied for
valuable use in the next corn crop:
Any soil producing a good crop
of cotton will produce good corn,
although dry upland clay soils are not
so well suited to corn as those which
are richer in decayed vegetable mat
ter and so suffer less from drought.
The best soil for corn is a rich, sandy
loam, which is well drained and con
tains a fair amount of humus. One
of the best soils for corn is one on
which red clover has been grown.
Any land which has made good crops
of hay will make good crops of corn
immediately after the sod has been
plowed. Fall plowing for corn is sel
dom a good practice, except on new
ground, where a tough sod must be
rotted. It is not a good practice to
leave the bare soil exposed to the
leaching and washing of the winter
rain. For this reason, when tough
sod land is to be planted in corn, it is
usually better to plow in the preced
ing spring or early summer and sow
in peas, as the peas will rot and mel
low the sod better than any other
crop which can be grown, and corn
seldom fails to make a heavy yield
on land treated in that manner. The
plowing should be deep and thor
ough. Lands which are sufficiently
rolling to allow the surface water to
run off quickly should be plowed flat,
while creek and river bottom lands
on which water is liable to stand
after heavy rains will do better when
plowed in beds. Bedding requires
more labor than plowing flat, has no
advantages, and has many disadvan
tages on well-drained lands, and
should never be practiced where it
can be avoided. Harrowing should
be as thorough as plowing, and the
harrow should follow the plow very
closely in order to pulverize the soil
before it becomes cloddy, and if the
land is not planted immediately the
harrow should be used again just be
fore planting to kill the germinating
weed seeds. The labor expended in
a thorough preparation of the soil
shows its effects through the whole
season in the better stand which will
be secured, in less amount of labor
needed in cultivation and the in
creased yield.
Rotations.— A crop of cotton occu
pies the land during the entire year
and is a poor preparatory crop for
corn, but here it is made the princi
pal crop, corn must sometimes follow
it, and the best rotation must depend
on the proportionate areas which are
given to each of the two crops.
Where two-thirds or more of the
land is used for cotton, with no per
manent hay fields, a common rotation
is: First year, cotton; second year,
corn and cowpeas and winter oats
and vetch; third year, cotton. This
rotation is almost the only one pos
sible and at the last cultivation cow
peas should be sown between the
rows. The crop can be harvested by
September, when the ground should
be sown at once with a mixture of
turf oats and hairy vei ch. The oats
and vetch will grow through the
winter, furnishing excellent. winter
grazing and they may be cut for hay
in April in time for planting cotton
again. W. C. Stubbs, of Louisiana,
recommends the following rotation
for that state: Corn and cowpeas, oats
and cowpeas, cotton. E. R. Loyd,
of Mississippi, in speaking of the up
land lime soil of that state, says:
If only one-half the land is to be
in cotton and the other half grown in
corn, would fertilize the cotton the
first year with 250 pounds each of
cotton-seed meal and kainit and
would plant cowpeas in the corn at
the last cultivation. The second year I
would plant cowpeas in the corn at the
and fertilize with 100 pounds of
cotton-seed meal and 200 pounds of
kainit, planting corn and cowpeas on
the cotton land of the previous year.
The third year I would plant cotton
on the corn land and fertilize with.,
200 pounds of kainit. I would con
tinue that alteration, using less
commercial fertilizer and no meal
after the second year, as the cowpeas,
if plowed under, will maintain the
fertility of the soil.
Planting.— Whether corn should
be planted fl at "or on raised beds will
depend on whether the-land has good,
natural drainage or is liable to suffer
from overflows. With good drainage
the flat planting is much better, be
cause preparation is less expensive
and because it exposes less surface
for the evaporation of soil moisture
and thus makes the crop less liable
to suffer from drouth. Whatever
method of planting may be adopted,
the work should not begin too early
in the season. Nothing is gained by
putting seed in a soil which is too wet
or too cold for germination.
Cultivation.— The nearer level and
smooth the surface of the ground can
be kept, the better. Thorough cul
tivation is needed, but that does not
mean deep cultivation. While corn
does best on soil which is deep and
loose, the deepening and loosening
of the lower soil should be done
before the corn is planted, and
the shallower the latter cultiva
tion can be kept, the more satisfac
tory will be the results. Cultivate the
ground deeply before planting and as
shallow as possible afterward. Culti
vation should begin immediately after
the first rain that follows the plant
ing. There is no better implement
for this work than a light smoothing
harrow with slender teeth pointing
backward. Cultivation should follow
each rain to prevent the formation of
a crust and to kill weeds as soon as
they germinate, and the harrow or
weeder is the best implement to use
until the corn is at least six inches
high. It is true that the later har
rowings will leave the corn looking
somewhat torn and ragged, but it
will recover quickly, and no perma
nent injury will result. The corn
should be hoed and thinned to the
proper number of stalks when it is
from four to six inches high, as it
will then be past danger from bud
worms, cutworms and other insects
which often attack the young plants
soon after they appear, but which sei-1
dom do any injury later in the sea-j
son. At the same time, any weeds!
which may be growing in the rows!
between the stalks should be cut out,!
and if this hoeing; is carefully done]
‘Olje Jeffersonian
the crop will need no other hand
work. After the corn becomes too
large for using a harrow, the best
work can be done with a light side
harrow or with a cultivator having
from five to seven teeth and running
not more than two inches deep.
Whatever system may be adopted,
the cultivation should be frequent
enough to keep down all weeds and
to break the surface crust after every
rain. In time of drouth the cultiva
tion should be as frequent as possi
ble. Deep cultivation at such times
is often ruinous, but when only one
or two inches of the surface is stirred,
evaporation is checked, and although
the surface may become very dry
and dusty the soil immediately be
low this “dust mulch” will remain
moist much longer than when the
surface is allowed to become com
pact.-—Texas Farmer.
KEEP THE LAND OCCUPIED.
A soil unoccupied loses fertility
faster than in growing a crop. To
prevent this the soil must be given
something to do. Just as soon as one
crop is harvested another should take
its place. Every foot of land not
growing some other crop by the mid
dle of June or first of July should be
put to producing a legume for hay or
grazing. It will be good for both
soil and farm. Peas, soy beans, vel
vet beans, peanuts and many others
afford a sufficient list from which
something suitable for any and all
soils may be selected.—Cotton Jour
nal.
A large part of Texas has been
blessed with copious rains lately and,
save in a few exceptional •ommuni
ties, crop prospects generally are ex
ceedingly good. There are a few dry
districts where the rainfall has not
yet been sufficient to bring crops to
their normal condition at this sea
son, but, taken as a whole, Texas
should produce at least an average
crop of nearly all products this year
except peaches, which promise to be
exceedingly shoj;t in the East Texas
fruit belt. —Farm and Ranch.
A bad small boy crawled under
the bed when his mother wanted to
punish him. She couldn’t get him
out, and she left him there until his
father returned that evening from
the city. When the father came and
was told about the case, he parted to
crawl under the bed to bring forth
his disobedient son, but was almqst
paralyzed when the little fellow
asked: “Hello, is she after you,!
too?” Cincinnati Commercial Ga-£
zette. H
pwWi
I Full College Courses F° r Catalog and fuZZI
with Music, Painting Information address I
and Elocution. 67 th Set- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
yon Begi -is Sept. 8, ’O9 1 or Wm. S. Cox, Mgr. I
M■■WMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMHMMMMMWMMBI MMM
I Aniicf A Pre P arator y School for Boys and Girls.
I /IISI Vj| <IV6 Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
v t v Home Life an attrsctive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
fUT HIT Tmri Literary, Music, Expression,:Art, Business, Bible Courses.
I IVI I I I I I I Board $8 to sl4 per month.
111 11 1 IE A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
—1 11 For catalog and further information address
i CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
Resolutions passed by the Jeffer
son County Farmers’ Union:
Whereas, We believe that it is
and' will be for the best interest of
the cause of education in the State
of Georgia that this State furnish
school books free to the children in
the public schools; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That we ask our
Representative, Mr. R. N. Harde
man, to do all in his power to have
a bill enacted into law at the coming
session of the State Legislature that
will give free text books in the pub
lic common schools of this State.
Second.
Whereas, It has come to our
knowledge that the Atlanta Consti
tution and the Automobile Associa
tion are doing all in their power to
have the Legislature at the coming
session to make an appropriation of
the State’s money for the purpose of
building automobile roads across or
within this State; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That we ask our
Representative, Mr. R. N. Hardeman,
to fight to the uttermost any such
appropriation of the State’s money;
for the farmers of this State pay a
great part of the taxes of the State
and for that reason the money is
theirs and should not be spent upon
roads for the use of the automobil
ists, but to improve the schools.
Passed at regular session of the
Jefferson County Farmers’ Educa
tional and Co-operative Union of
America, June 5, 1909.
JNO. F. CARSWELL,
(Copy) County Secretary.
Be it RESOLVED, That we here
by notify the Board of Roads and
Revenue of this County that we, the
Farmers’ Union of Jefferson County,
do not favor their using in any way
the funds of this County to build or
aid in the building of a road or roads
for automobiles. We therefore re
spectfully ask that they do not use
our tax moneys in any such way, but
that the board use as much economy
as possible and get this County out
of debt.
Passed at regular session of the
Farmers’ Union of Jefferson County
this the sth day of June, 1909.
JNO. F. CARSWELL,
(Copy) County Secretary.
Be it RESOLVED, That we re
gard the contracting for cotton for
future delivery a violation of both
the civil and moral laws. Therefore
we condemn the one that buys and
the one that sells for future deliv
ery. We want to brand them alike
as traitors of their country, as aiders
of the gamblers in cotton, and as de
spoilers of the interests of the farm
ers.
Passed at regular session of the
Farmers’ Union of Jefferson Coun
ty this the sth day of June, 1909.
JNO. F. CARSWELL,
(Copy) County Secretary.
J .
tj If you don’t get your magazine
lor weekly paper on time, let us
’know at once.
1
t