PAGE FOURTEEN
A THANKSGIVING IN SELF
DEFENSE.
(Continued from Page Three.)
“Why! I believe lam almost happy.
I am going to do this again next
year—or at Christmas. I didn’t know
it would make anybody feel so
good.”
Her father was sitting out on the
piazza in the sunshine and, as she
opened the gate and ran up the steps
she said, gayly, “You are almost
starved, aren't you, papa? I am go
ing to fix dinner now.”
“Yes, I do feel like I might eat a
bite,” smiled Mr. Horton. “And
here’s a letter for you. I saw Rob
ert Wilson going to town this morn
ing, and I asked him to get our mail,
as the carrier would not come to
day. ’ ’
Ada. took the letter, saw that it was
post marked “New Mexico,” that it
had been missent once or twice, an 1
that it was addressed in a familiar
hand—one that she had known long
ago. With trembling hands and a
fiercely beating heart she opened it
and read:
“Dear Ada. I am coming to see
you Thanksgiving Day. I shall be
there on Thursday afternoon. When
I left, you, Ada, I never dreamed
that it would be seven long, weary
years before T should see you again.
I was summoned hurriedly to the bed
side of my uncle, my old relative, in
Colorado. He lived three months and
1 stayed with him until the end. I
wrote you twice after I reached there,
but neither of my letters were ans
wered. Then I wrote to Isabel Mur
ry —you remember her. She used to
help her br.other in the postoffice at
Wilton —and casually asked her
about you. She wrote me that you
and Jack Everton were to be married
soon. I was stunned, stupefied. 1
could not believe it, but, since my let
ters had not been answered, what
right had I not to believe it?
“I had no desire to return to
Georgia after I received that letter
from Isabel, so, after my uncle’s
death, I came to New Mexico. Suc
cess has crowned my efforts and I am
a rich man, but nothing has ever
erased the memory of you from my
heart and nothing ever will.
“I saw Frank Conly in Santa Fe
yesterday. He told me that you had
never married, and I almost shouted
when he told me that. I don’t believe
now that you ever received my let
ters—there must have been a terri
ble mistake somewhere.
“ I loved you then, Ada, I love you
now. If you love me, as I hoped then
that you did, as I hope now that you
do—if you will be my wife, next
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . ... o God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
Thanksgiving Day will be the hap
piest one of all my life.
“Eugene Nelson.”
And the father? That night as
he sat alone in his room he was
roused from his revery of olden
dreams by the rustling of the magno
lia leaves against the window pane.
He arose and looked out toward the
magnificent pine forest in front of
his home. The full moon was rising
and flooding the world with soft, gold
en light. He stood very still for a
moment and drank in the moonlit
beauty of the scene before him. Then
he said, very softly: “Ah, dear
moon! Dear trees! I suppose this
is to be our last Thanksgiving to
gether. You know I’d be happier
here, but it just looks like it’s the
fate of old folks. I shall tell her in
the morning that I have decid
ed it will be best for me to
go and live with Charlie. She will
not want to leave me here alone and
I must not hinder my little girl’s hap
piness. ”
PEACH TREES.
Pomeroy 3 weeks later than Elberta.
Greatest money maker of the age. Vine
Hill Nurseries, Mt. Pleasant, Texas.
ii i ■ ii ■ ■■■ ■ ■■■■■ ii ■■■■—«——mi ii in in, 11* ir
TOBACCO.
Chew “Red Eye” and be happy. Taylor
Bros., Winston-Salem, N. C.
COTTON SEED.
Toole’s Prolific Cotton Seed. Guaran
teed. W. H. Franklin, Route 4, Augusta,
Ga.
SCHOOLS.
Learn to classify cotton and protect your
self in the market. —American Cotton &
Business University, Milledgeville, Ga.
Wanted—Young and middle-aged people
to prepare for positions as bookkeepers,
stenographers and telegraph operators, pay
ing from SIOO to $l5O per month. Position
guaranteed. Railroad fare paid. Catalogue
free. Wheeler Business College, Birming
ham, Ala.
COTTON.
Ship your cotton to Phinizy & Co., Au
gusta, Ga.
SHOPPING.
Ladies—ls you want to do any shopping,
let me know. I can save you money.—Mrs.
Charles Ellison, Dept. J, Urban Bldg., Lou
isville, Ky.
UMSBest
| and grown 1
W To GIVE BEST RESULTS. I
If jv AM most flowers are what we Offer. S
9ft A Select. Hardy, and Easily cared for list of ■
I ™ Orpamenßl, Shade trees. Hedges, and Shrub-. ■
■ bery also. ■
I LANDSCAPE DESIGNS AND PUNTING PUNS PREPARED. ■
■ Complete catalog o£ Roses, Ornamental Fruit. ■
■ «nd Nut pees, Free. -v ■
■ 7 THE GHJOHFTNG BROS. CO, Nurserymen
» Jacluonwlle, Florida. ' ®
"Gbe 3effersonlan
AMERICAN MACHINERY STANDARD MACHINERY
AnlKiXlvAll Hl Au 11 ill Ln I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En
gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA •: GEORGIA ca talog. We sell everything in Machinery and
’ * prices right.
Jeffersonian Premiums
You can get any of the following premiums by sending in subscriptions, or renew
als, as shown below, for the Jeffersonian Magazine at SI.OO, or the Weekly Jeffersonian
at SI.OO.
Full description of the premiums will be sent upon application to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga.
Every article offered is the best that can be procured for the money. It is not our
purpose to make a profit on these premiums. We have figured the cost as low as pos
sible, and offer them for the least number of subscriptions that we can.
FOR 15 MAGAZINE OR 15 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
A set of 26 pieces of Rogers’ Silver Plated Cutlery; retail price, sls.
Ladies’ Gold Watch, hunting case, 7 jewel; price sls.
Gentlemen’s Gold Watch, 7 jewel, guaranteed for 10 years; price sl2.
FOR 10 MAGAZINE OR 10 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Webster’s Imperial Dictionary, unabridged; price $lO.
Old Mission Pendulum Clock, cathedral gong; price sl2.
Dinner Set of 47 pieces, semi-porcelain, full size; price SB.
Monarch Atlas of the World; price SB.
The World and Its Peoples, bound in silk cloth; price $lO.
Old Mission Shelf Clock; price sl2.
Mission Lamp, iron pedestal, cathedral glass; price sls.
F. & W. Automatic Hand High-Speed Sewing Machine.
FOR 5 MAGAZINE OR 5 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Breakfast Set, 31 pieces, very handsome.
Red Letter Student’s Bible, flexible leather covers.
Egyptian Ebony Mantel Clock.
A Presentation Edition of the Bible, magnificently bound.
Daisy Traveling Clock.
FOR 3 MAGAZINES OR 3 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Twentieth Century Cook Book and Practical Housekeeping.
Ever-Ready Safety Razor.
Old-fashioned Razor.
China Cake Set, 7 pieces.
Fountain Pen, diamond point.
Pyrography Outfit.
FOR 2 MAGAZINE OR 2 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Practical Farming and Gardening, 500 pages.
Eight-inch Adjustable Shears, never wear out.
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action Is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency In all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This Is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1906.
njHN repai R S
H| g ’-OJ® SAWS, RIBS, Bristle Twine, Babbit, &c., f«r
K B of Gin ENGINES, BOILERS and PRfifl
and Repairs for same. Shafting, Pulleys,
lectors. Pipes, Valves and Fittings, Light Saw, Shingle, and Lath Mills, Gas«gffi|
Cane Mills in stock. LOMBARD IRON WOR KS AN O <9
COMPANY* Aususta» Geu
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE’
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE In the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce It ONLY.
It Is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It la full of fine
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 60
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back if not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. J., Birmingham, Ala.