PAGE SIXTEEN
IhiTTibns Tn Ten'day's: ~HW TnuClT SITT
labor dp in “"making tlioSe millions - ?
Were the millions in the rise in real
estate and other properties the result
of labor? Are the millions accumu
lated by watered stocks "the res'ult of
labor? . -- —
Dr. Spahr claims that one per cent,
of the capitalistic class own more
than the ninety-nine' per * cent, re
maining. Whose fault is it? Do”
not the laboring men split up into
political factions by giving the few
the” "opportunity of making laws in
their own interest? *•*'*• ...
Benson also claims' that machinery
1 as made the’ millionaires, which is
not the fact,’ as millionaires are the
product of the tariff and special laws.
Wipe out a tariff that makes million
aires at the expense' of the consumer;
prohibit Watered stocks and specu
lating in options, and the laboring
men would find it Would increase
•their interests, and lessen the desire
to adopt Socialism, Which lacks the
fundamental" principle of “Doing un
to others as you' would wish others
to do" unto you.'”
Socialism'is not - a new idea, as Ly
curgus, the -famous Spartan law
giver, was born about 396 B. C., a
pupil of Plata, was the originator of
* cislism. lie found Sparta iri'about
the same condition'as our country is
in today, that of the wealth being
centered in* the hands of the few,
and Ire cancelled former decisions of
land and divided it equally among
t h xr people: In Sparta he'made*9,(loo
"LEARN TELEGRAPHY”
We are offering the most liberal terms ever offered by any School to
prospective students, now. We must prepare Fifty Operators for posi
tions by January the 15th. Railroads calling upon us’every few days
for Operators. The demand far exceeds the supply. We-please our
students, or refund their money. A postal will bring .our Special Rate.
MILLEDGEVILLE TELEGRAPH SCHOOL
Box 73 Milledgeville, Ga.
_ ; , ~, . .... I
’ WATSON’S '
HANDBOOK S POLITICS
Some of the Chapters:' ' ’ .
The Republican Party—The Greenback Movement. . .... .
Democratic pud Republican Managers—Their Characters, and
Records.
Party Platforms-—Vicious Legislation." ’’ '
Subsidizing Railroads and Squandering Public Lands; - -
Pet Banks-and-Special Privileges,- --
History of the Legal Tenders- —Corporations. ....
Panics of 1893 .and 1907.
For the Special Benefit of the Farmers.
■ Encroachments' and Usurpations of the Federal Judiciary. - ' -
Concerning Money—Gold Standard Unconstitutional. • .
..Socialism—-.Municipal Ownership.
The Catholic Hierarchy and Politics.
Pauperism and Crime—Child I<abor. - ' • . - .... - - - ...
Ten Millions in' Poverty'— Rural Free Delivery. - • -■
350 PACES - - - St.OO PREPAID
~ ~ . ... ■ .■■-■Tr'T—.7. ...as: - • K
DEPARTMENT THE JEFFERSONIANS I
THOMSON, GEORGIA I
In the Tissot BIBLE pictures,
which you can obtain froth the Jef
fersonians, free of all 'charge, the
great a-nd--impressLre.-scenes. in -the tiiue..__-
SOCIALISM
The First of a Series of Articles oii
“Socialism” by Thomas E. Watson
will be in
Watson’s Magazine
(OCTOBER NUMBER)
lots, and*-30,000 .for the inhabitants
La-conia. Each lot produced 70
bushels -of -grain per man, and 12
bushels -for each-- woman,, besides
wine-and oil.-- He-demonitized gold
and-silver, and -used iron for small
sums •of -money to avoid thievery.
Their money being- worthless it kept
out all classes of speculators.
The people ate at a common- table,
and'each-furnished monthly a b-ush
el of ■ meal, eight-gallons of wine,
five pounds of cheese and two and
one-half pounds of figs and money to
Bible story are depicted,' true in
color, costume, landscape; and all de
tails to the life, the country and the
Glje
buy flesh arid fish. Athletics’ were'
enforced among the young females
for the purpose of making a strong
physical race. The wife of Leonides
said: “We are the only women that
bring forth men.” Bachelors were
considered a mark of infamy. "It
does not appear that Sparta Social
ism gave very good- satisfaction, of
that it was long lived, and yet the
ideal Socialism of today " smacks
much like the Socialism of two thou
sand years ago.
Our farmers, tailors? blacksmiths','
and many others who do their own
work, get all there is in it, and con
tractors even often lose money after
their men are paid.
No one doubts for a moment that
reforms are needed,-- btrt ideal Sociah
ism cannot accomplish true reform,
as these ideas were exploded two
thousand years ago.
If I were to suggest a practical
method of tire* reform needed, I
would advise the Socialists, Single
taxers, farmers, mechanics, Prohi
bitiQ.nists,_ Democrats... .and. labor _
unions to unite *on the Populist"
platform, which is .the best even pro
mulgated by any political party, and
sweep clean* both branches of Con
gress,' which has too long been a
stench in the nostrils of every true
patriot, and filf every national office
by a direct vote of the people, and
inaugurate recall for every office.,
even-the- Supreme Court.
Rome was a republic for five hun
dred years, but it fell when the
wealth was absorbed in the hands of
the few, and we are following the
same line during the' one-third of
fKaf tinrift.
I trust that friend Racmt will con
sider well the opinion of "the Editor
of The Jeffersonian, as I can assure
him that Ideal Socialism is a fraud
and a snare.
■ Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 6, 190 9.
ARE THE MISSIONARIES TRYING
TO AWAKE THE ORIENT
SPIRITUALLY FOR THE GLORY
OF CHRIST—OR COMMERCIAL
LY, FOR THE GLORY OF WALL
STREET?
(Concluded from Page 14)
tensively, and this i-s his decision.
Also Dr. Anderson says, “Don’t think' 5
that the. Chinaman is sitting, dowij ,
with his mouth open ready to take
m pur gospel-.” -.(Page 174.)_ This
insufficient Jtp prove that. be does
iiot.. .want our” religion." Now, - Mr.
Watson, if the Chinaman does not
want our religion and his civiliza
tion is superior to ours and he lives
closer to .God than we do, .why this
missionary movement? The preach
ers say it is to give them the gospel,
but we have spent enough, and been
at it-long, enough,-to give the gospel
to every creature; provided the con
verts wduld assist.
I have never seen your answer to
this question. I have made a close
study of- this one question, and the
best plausible answer that I can give
4s found in the statements of Bishop
W. A. Candler and Mr. J. Campbell
White. Bishop Candler said (page
131):
“It may interest certain members
of this convention to be informed
that if by education, evangelization,
civilization, or what notr you could
..get all. the Chinese gentlemen to put
on one more shirt a year it would
raise the price of cotton not less than
a cent a pound.”
Mr. White said:
“The~ ~ awakening of' the Orient
means the adding of ’thousands of
millions, of dollars annually to the
commerce of the nations.” (Page
55.) -Also on page 5 7 we find this
statement: “We recognize that this
is true commercially—that our trade
with the world is greater .than that
of any other nation.”
If these two statements are true,
then- we could reasonably conclude
that the answer would be to gain
the commerce of China for the Uni
ted States. England and the United
States are the greatest commercial
nations of the world. But how do
Jthey_stand when compared with this
missionary movement? If I be not
mistaken, of the $21,719,109 spent
last' year for missions the United
States paid about $9,000,000 and
England about $9,000,000, or these
two nations pay $18,000,000, while
the rest of the world only, pays $3,-
000,000, it would be natural to ask
why do these two nations pay so
much? Is it because they are striv
ing. to gain the trade with-the heath
en, or is it only because they are
more charitable and religious than
rest?
My dear Mr. Watson, I am glad
.you have told the people about this
.missionary work. May God bless
\dTi with a long, useful and happy
life. .
Yours truly,
J 4 W. WESSON.
Wingo,_Ky.» Sept? 4, 190jh