0l)a 3effersoman
A Weekly Paver Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. »'
[Volume Six
Number Twenty-Four J
An Open Letter to President Charles S. Barrett
0
OUR father believed in me—was one of
the warhorses, in the fighting days of
the People’s Party.
You yourself have fought for me,
when you were a boy. You have broken bread
with me; and you know the manner of man I
am, in private and in public.
On occasion, you have taken my advice,
and it never misled you. You have called
on me, in emergencies—and I never failed
you.
Now listen to me, Charley Barrett! Call
off this still-hunt of Duckworth’s. HE IS
TRYING TO GAG THE LOCAL UN
IONS. He is having “explanations” made in
secret meetings, behind closed doors.
Those explanations are deliberate false
hoods.
The charges which I have openly made,
must be openly met. The Farmers’ Union
will be satisfied with nothing less. The meth
od which Duckworth has chosen, is the
method of a guilty man.
INNOCENCE COURTS THE OPEN
INVESTIGATION.
We must have it, Charley. Appoint a Com
mittee, and let it go to work, in the open.
Select such Farmers’ Union men as Rev. S. J.
, Cowan, Hon. Fred D. Wimberly, J. J.
Brown, Maj. C. E. McGregor, and that stur
dy old Roman, McDaniel of Rockdale.
Let these men go to Atlanta, or Macon,
and summon before them Duckworth, Lad
son and Bodenhamer, —with all the Union
City books and correspondence. Let this
Committee, openly and above board, investi
gate the charges which these three—Duck,
Bode and Ladson—are trying to explain
away, behind closed doors, where no one but
a Farmers’ Union member has a right to
hear.
IT IS A CRISIS, MY FRIEND, AND
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY TO MEET
IT.
The “silent contempt” policy in a case like
this is a plea of “Guilty”.
If these three men were innocent, they
would sue me for slander, or defend them
selves publicly.
The method which they have adopted, is
that of guilt—which makes cowards of them.
You, my friend, can not afford to have
things continue as they are.
Have a prompt, public investigation, or
the Union is gone.
Your friend, as ever,
Trios. E. Watson.
To This Noble Woman, I Doff
My Hat
AVE you read the article which Mrs.
L. A. Odom prepared for the November
number of the Jeffersonian Magazine?
If you have not, read it in this week’s
i
paper. For fear that some of you might miss
seeing it, we reproduce it in the weekly.
A finer presentation of the case against all
this everlasting hullaballoo about the eternal
foreigner and heathen, I never heard or read.
May heaven bless this splendidly gifted
sister, and speed her work.
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, November 25, 1909
May the time come when we will realize
that we have sinned against our own race and
country, in becoming responsible for the
physical, mental, and moral welfare of alt
the decadent and inferior nations of the
earth!
May the God that rules the universe bring
the misleading enthusiasts, and the misled
dupes to know that THEY ARE COMMIT
TING AN AWFUL CRIME AGAINST
CHRISTIAN CIVILIZATION, in neglect
ing the destitute white child, the homeless
white woman, the irreligious and poverty
cursed Americans.
We have millions and millions of these,
members of the world's greatest race! going,
day by day and year by year, into lives of
vice and crime, into haunts of shame, into
desperate suicide, into paupers’ graves. We
have a million white boys and girls, right
now, being ground up into dividends for
heartless, dollar-mad capitalists. We have
60,000 white girls who are being dragged into
the foul dens of prostitution, every year.
We have at least ten millions of whites
who never know what it is to be free from the
clutches of direst poverty. We have all sorts
of deadly parasites preying upon Society, and
destroying our boys and girls, with pernici
ous drugs, drinks, and books. We have the
big city, where the criminals run the machin
ery of government. We have the small town,
where the pool-room and the drink habit nab
our boys. We have our penitentiaries and
asylums and disciplinary establishments, in
some of which the conditions are simply in
fernal. We have the rottenest politics on
earth. We have a press that is reeking with
venality. We have an ecclesiasticism, in
which the Church needs the support of
wealth, and therefore must cringe to the mil
lionaire, no matter how notorious a rascal he
may be.
We have at least 40,000,000 whites, in this
country, who either reject Christ utterly, or
who have never heard of him.
We have a Buddhist temple in Boston-
Boston, the city of the Saints; Boston, the
self-complacent Pharisee of the Union ! And,
in this city of the riaidly righteous, CHINA
MEN OWN FIFTEEN THOUSAND
WHITE WOMEN, WHOM THEY SELL.
AND PASS AROUND AMONG THEM
SELVES, AT FIFTEEN AND TWENTY
DOLLARS APIECE!
have Buckingham palaces where the
abominations which brought down the wrath
of Jehovah upon Sodom and Gomorrah, are
put on exhibition, to sate the morbid appetite
of lascivious curiosity.
THERE ARE PLACES, IN THESE
UNITED STATES, WHERE MEN,
CLOTHED IN THE IMAGE OF GOD.
SELL A DMISSION TICKETS TO SPEC
TACLES OF INDESCRIBABLE BES
TIALITY—white women and animals being
the performers.
There are hideous dens, where white girls
are held in captivity by negro men, and
revoltingly mistreated by every dirty, stink
ing brute of a negro that chooses to come and
offer the price to the owner of the girls.
And yet the Janet Houstons reproach me
for not getting excited over the sufferings of
the Chinese society girls, whose feet are be
ing hurt by the bandages.
The Doctors of Divinity are hard on me,
because I don't worry about conditions
among the fuzzy-wuzzies of Africa.
And the little one-hoss parrots are de
nouncing me from the pulpit, because I tell
our people that our first duty is to provide
for our own household.
Let the heathen be content with the Word,
the Gospel, the Message. That’s all Christ
meant! At least, Peter, and John, and
James so understood Him; and certainly they
had better opportunities of finding out what
their Master meant than any of our preachers
did. Why do they want to cast such a reflec
tion upon Paul and Peter, as to say, by deeds
which speak louder than words, that they,
the preachers of today, know more about
Christ’s plan than his own disciples knew?
WHEN THE HEATHEN DEMAND
MORE THAN THE PREACHING OF
THE GOSPEL, TELL THEM TO “GO TO
GUINEA”.
To send evangelists to 800,000,000 pagans,
will, of itself, require huge sums of money.
BUT TO ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND
MORAL UPLIFT OF THOSE ORIENT
AL, LOWER-RACES, WOULD BANK
RUPT BOTH AMERICA AND EUROPE.
Here Comes Fred
J
FIE MAILS have not entirely quit serv
ing Fred Warren, it would seem. The
following came from him to me, with
out any apparent governmental inter-
Terence:
“Dear Tom:—A text for another one of your hu
morous articles on Socialism.
“Fred D. Warren.
“Girard, Kansas, November 13.”
The text referred to by facetious Fred,
reads thus:
“The existence of mulattoes, quadroons, and of
slaves fairer still than these, calls attention to the
fact of the mixture of the white and negro races. This
union was between the white man and the negress.
The giving birth to a colored child by a white woman
was almost unknown; the bringing into the world of
children fairer than herself by the female slave was a
common thing and was evidence that the ownership of
her person by her master was not merely a theoretical
right. While the Southerners frequently charged that
amalgamation of the two races was the aim of the
northern abolitionists, to an impartial judge it was
apparent that where the negro was free, no danger ex
isted of a mixture of blood. The reason for this did
not escape the keen observation of De Tocqueville.
‘Among the Americans of the Southern States* he
writes, ‘nature sometimes, reasserting her rights, re
establishes for a moment equality between the whites
and the blacks., At the North, pride restrains the most
imperious of human passions. The Northern man
would perhaps consent to make the negress the tran
sient companion of his pleasure if the legislators had
declared that she could never aspire to share legiti
mately his bed; but as she may legally become his
wife, he shrinks from her with a kind of horror.’—
Page 335, Vol. 1., Rhodes’ History.”
As De Tocqueville was of Latin extraction,
he naturally had no race prejudice against
(continued on page twelve)
Price, Five Cents