PAGE TEN
ZET7EKJ FROM THF PEOPLE
AN APPEAL FOR CO-OPERATION.
Lake Providence, April 6, 1908.
The Jeffersonian:
Isn’t defeat inevitable unless our leaders
unite their full strength to save this poor old
panic-stricken country ?
Isn’t the crisis we are passing through
enough to wipe out party lines?
Can’t our great statesmen counsel together
and agree on a platform that will appeal to
the good judgment of all?
God pity The People, unless order comes out
of this chaos!
SUBSCRIBER.
(This is in the right spirit—but how is the
union to be brought about? Ed.)
A GLOOMY LETTER.
421 M. Street, N. W.,
Washington, D. C., April 17, 1908.
Dear Mr. Watson:
I enclose three editorial comments that may
interest you —you probably have them already,
but I thought possibly you might have skip
ped them —among so many.
To me, these are troublous times. I wish
you had more faith in God, and in the mirac
ulous, for it will take divine help if our coun
try pulls out of the many problems that con
front it —the labor question; the negro ques
tion; the aliens; the possession of our capital
by the hordes of negroes, daily growing more
unendurable; the prices of living; the sight
of congress increasing its own pay 50 per
cent, and refusing to increase clerks’ pay 10
per cent —a sight to make one lose faith in
the best men from all parts of our country.
If these are the best men available, then we
are in need of a reformation.
But back to the signs of the times. Roose
velt is laying for a nomination, and wants it,
I believe, badly. He is a strange mixture, and
we are at a loss to place him. But I believe
he is the best of the bunch, after all. I have
always thought that his aim was a nomination
by acclamation —his vanity exceeds mine, or
yours. But I am glad his Hobson plans went
astray.
Sincerely yours,
A. H.
P. S. —Since you and Hoke Smith joined
hands, politics have no surprises for me.
LETTER FROM TENNESSEE.
Adams, Tenn., April 18, 1908.
“Bethany” of the long ago I have just
read, and what a marvelously true and sweet
story of my own boyhood days on a slave plan
tation. To say I enjoyed it does not in any
manner express it. I rode the “off wheel
mule’’ of the six mule team which old Uncle
Mack was wont to drive. I heard again the
banjo which old Uncle Shed made of a coon
skin and a cheese box, ring from out the old
cabin, and saw again the dusky damsel whirl
in the rapturous dance which filled their young
lives with the joy that “passeth al] under
standing.” When I put the finished book
aside, and sat in silent musing, how I doted
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
on the grand character of brave, magnanimous
and self-sacrificing “Uncle Ralph.”
Os all the old slaves who lived and wrought
on the old plantation on which I now live,
only three are now alive. Uncle Shed, the
banjo picker; Uncle Mack, the teamster, and
Uncle Nelson, the blacksmith. The old log
cabins still stand and hold in their confines a
new and different type of negro. I am going
to call all of these old negroes who are my de
voted and best friends and in my own room
read to them those sections which will carry
them back in memory to the days of their real
happiness, and then they too will thank you
as do I for the mellow sweetness left on their
Avhole life, and thank you for writing such a
marvelous description of scenes so dear to the
heart. If you had done no more than give me
the pleasure of reading the book I fancy that
some time in some clime you 'will be paid for
the labor, if labor it could have been. Why is
it that the age in which the genius lives and
strives and works has ever neglected and
failed to appreciate the man of the hour?
Why is it that the statesman is not of today
but of the long ago? You have lived to see
others converted to your creeds and ideas, but
will you ever live to see the people give you
the credit due? Not till we are both mould
ered back to dust. Mammon is a hard god to
dethrone, and whether you can accomplish by
the shafts of truth and the power of your pen
I do not know, but I do know that it must be
done, and will be done if it is done at the
end of cruel and relentless revolution. Let us
hope for a peaceful solution. May the God
of Justice and Right preserve and protect you
that you may dismantle corruption, unhorse
the god of Mammon, and finally establish the
rule of the common people, and give to each
and all an equal chance in the race of life.
Yours truly,
JOEL B. FORT.
Union City. Ga., April 17, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson. Ga.
My Dear Mr. Watson: Your letter re
ceived. hi reply I will say that I do not
know when cotton will go up. 1 believe that
spot cotton would be worth two cents per
pound more than it is now if it had not been
for the Guide, of Alabama, and a few officials
trying to dicker witli the cotton buying inter
ests. Their actions have caused the cotton
speculators to believe that if they would only
press the farmer a little harder, he would
turn loose, and what the results will be can
not be told at this time by any living man.
Personally I believe that cotton will go up.
1 believe that we will yet see fifteen cent cot
ton. Every indication is to the effect that
the spinners must have the cotton, and to get
it they must pay fifteen cents. But for Jor
dan and the few who we mentioned above, we
might already be getting fifteen cents.
I have fought any negotiations with the
scheming element. I was opposed to the great
mass meeting of Spinners and Farmers, which
vas held in Atlanta. I do not believe that
such demonstrations are worth anything to
the farmers. I do believe that carefully se
lected business men from the spinners and the
Farmers’ Union could confer as a matter of
business and from such a conference the
Farmers’ Union be benefited, but when they
must let the Shylocks and gambling interests
of Wall Street into their meeting, then there
is no chance for profit from such meeting to
the farmer.
Your sincere friend,
R. F. DUCKWORTH.
(Friend Duckworth is right. Harvie Jor
dan has been the mercenary tool of the man
ufacturers and the Wall Street speculators,
has feathered his own nest and has caused
the cotton growers to lose millions of dollars.
—T. E. W.)
THAT IS JUST WHAT IT MEANS.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I saw your article-in your paper
a few’ days ago relative to the new majority
rule made by the State Executive Committee.
Does this mean that, although Mr. BroWn may
carry a large number of counties, but does
not get a majority in the state, Mr.
Smith will be allowed to name the delegates
to the convention from the counties carried
by Mr. Brown?
Please give your opinion on this matter and
its effect some prominence.
Yours very truly,
D. J. HAYES.
Carnesville, Ga.
(Note: We are glad to see that the country
people are getting on to the deep laid plot
of certain city politicians to get all of the
rope into their own hands.
Under the new’ rule, Brown or any other
candidate might carry fifty or more counties,
but if the majority vote of the w’hole state
was against him, the counties carried by
Brown would be not represented by Brown
delegates.
In other words, the Brown counties would
be changed into anti-Brown counties. How is
that for local self-government and representa
tive conventions?
If this new’ and revolutionary rule stands,
good-bye to the influence of the small coun
ties. The big cities will’control, and that means
that a handful of ring politicians sitting be
hind closed doors, w’ill be masters of the peo
ple. As Col. Albert Cox has pointed in an
able letter to State Chairman, Lawton Miller,
the winning candidate for Governor would
not only monopolize the Convention in State
matters but also in national politics, so far as
the Convention was concerned.
Minorities would have no voice or vote, and
all the counties that support the losing man
will be given representatives who do not rep
resent the people of that county.
Y hy not abolish small counties at once, and
have done with it?)
By knocking out the racing game in Wash
ington. congress might make it a bit easier to
maintain a quorum during sessions.