Zueblin hinted— the unrestrained indulgence
of the sexual appetite.
It is most deplorable that so pestilential a
doctrine should be making such headway in
this country.
The old Pops who have been duped by such
papers as the Rip-Saw and the Appeal to
Reason, ought to be ashamed of themselves.
They stood with me in years gone by—years
that tried men’s souls—and they ought to
know that I would not misrepresent Social
ism, or anything else. They ought to know
that I am more capable of discovering what
Socialism is than they themselves are.
They know that when they are at work, at
their planting, or tilling, or carpentering, or
bricklaying, I’m at work in my library. It is
my business to read, reflect, accumulate
knowledge, and to understand political and
social subjects.
My success as an editor and publisher de
pends upon knowing more about these mat
ters than our subscribers can possibly know.
Unless we furnish the reader with informa
tion which he did not possess, he would not
care for The Jeffersonians.
Consequently, the old Populist who tells
me that he understands Socialism and I do
not, makes himself ridiculous. It would be
just as reasonable for me to tell a physician
that I understand his business better than he
does.
The old Pop has allowed the Rip-Saw and
the Appeal to load him up with something
which is not Socialism at all, and he gets an
gry because I’m not to lie duped in the same
way.
When did he ever know me to try to de
ceive the people? In what manner would it
serve my interest to do so ? How could I ex
pect to make anything by it?
If I were publishing lies about Socialism,
nothing could save me from exposure and
disgrace.
So sure am I of my ground that I have
kept in the Magazine, for three months, an
aggressive challenge to representative Social
ists to tell us what their creed means, as to
the HOME, MARRIAGE, RELIGION,
SOCIAL EQUALITY AND PRIVATE
PROPERTY.
They dare not do it. They know that they
would thereby reveal the truth, towit: the
city people and the European people are
taught that Socialism means the overthrow
of the five institutions mentioned; while the
country folks of this republic are taught just
the reverse.
Home Mission Leagues
The American Trusts, benevolent authors
of the Increased Cost of Living, are reaching
out to conquer the world. If they can hold
the vantage ground gained by them in the
damnable Payne-Aldrich bill, they can af
ford to sell their surplus of manufactured
products at less than cost of production
abroad, and thus drive every other nation out
of the foreign markets.
Suppose that they can continue to advance
prices on us, making us pay several times
more than things are worth—can you not see
that the manufacturers of other nations, hav
ing no such advantages, will be bankrupted?
After that, the American Trusts could and
would put up the prices; and nowhere on this
earth would there be any power of resistance.
Every people would be as helpless as this
people is at present.
The Layman's Missionary Movement “is a
business proposition”. It’s leaders (Northern
men,) have said so themselves. They declare
that their purpose, in part, is to extend Amer
ican Commerce.
American Commerce means the American
Trusts. Therefore every congregation in
this land of billionaire syndicates and of
starving workmen is to be spell-bound, first,
and pumped for money afterwards.
Unless some resistance is organized, this
dje ‘Sftffwsonian
madness on Foreign Missions will master the
whole nation. With the monster Trusts back
of it, any effort to check it seems foolhardy.
let we must try. Vie must not surrender
the home-folks to the foreigners, without a
struggle. In the Jefferson Clubs, we could
have Home Mission Leagues. We could thus
organize against the fanatics who are going
crazy about those whose religion differs from
their own.
What do you think of it? Home Mission
Leagues could do a mighty work for those of
our national household who suffer so griev
ously for those things which lavish upon the
so-called heathen.
The Texas Secession Farce
Here’s a-sweet morsel, from the paper of
Mr. Reimers, the lowa Republican:
“Just when the Farmers’ Union reaches a place
of power and influence some one will precipitate
a row, and then the officials must exhaust the re
sources of the Union in order to save the Union.
Just when the Union had gained some of its
grandest victories on comes internal strife that
blocks further progress until the fight is over.
Just when the organization is contending for mil
lions suddenly the organization is stampeded and
the battle is lost.
“The time has come when the organization
needs purging and it needs it bad. The Union
has a regular Duke’s Mixture of hangers-on like
vampires that are daily sapping the vitals of the
organization and will surely bring death. This
enemy should by all means be dislodged and
bodily kicked out of the Union.
“The Farmers’ Union can not now meet in con
vention without being menaced by this crowd.
The organization can make no important move
without being bitterly assailed in the public press.
“These inside parasites have joined hands with
our worst enemies and have continually dogged
the footsteps of the organization.
“The time has come when this must cease;
these victims must be overcome and kicked out
of the organization, and then kept out.
“By the time this goes to press the State meet
ing will be at white heat. ’Tis a shame, and the
more intelligent are getting disgusted with it.
Who are these wicked men? Mr. Neill,
who edits the Reimers Co-operator, should
come right out and mention names.
Who precipitated the row ? And what is it
all about?
And is a secession movement the right way
to mend matters?
“A regular Duke’s Mixture of hangers-on
like vampires that are daily sapping the vi
tals of the organization and will surely bring
death.”
Dear me! That’s strong language. It’s
fierce, if not frenzied and ferocious.
(By the way, Reimers-Neill-Taylor Mcßae,
vampires don’t “sap” anything: they suck.)
Before you begin to kick people out of the
Union, light and look at your saddles. May
be there is not as much of you as you think
there is.
(And, by the bye, Brother Neill, have the
boys planked down the money to pay your
way to the Hannacrat Ship Subsidy lobby?)
Steer Clear of Lunatics
Mr. Watson:—l wish to ask you for some in
formation. Now I know you are a very busy
man, but I hope you will have the time to give
the information that I desire.
There were some preachers came to this-neigh
borhood some time ago who claimed to be Pente
costal preachers, claimed to receive the Holy
Ghost and talk in tongues as the apostles did on
the day of Pentecost. They have a good many
followers here who talk in tongues. Now, I wish
to know whether they are freaks or not.
Your friend, ROBT. E. KEENER.
Maiden, North Carolina.
ANSWERS.
Thomas Carlyle left a graphic account of
the gradual decline of the great Scotch di
vine, Edward Irving, from the pinnacle of
spiritual sanity to the depths of superstitious
madness. When Irving was at his worst, and
just before his once grand intellect went into
complete and permanent eclipse, he believed
in this “gift of tongue”. Some of his devo-
tees, inoculated with the virus, babbled and
gabbled, pretending that they were talking
in a * foreign language. Os course, they
weren’t. They were just babbling and gab
bling—uttering no real words of any kind.
The newspapers, a short time ago, were
carrying a story to the effect that a Christian
lady, who claimed to possess this “gift of
tongues”, tried it on some Chinamen. They
listened attentively, and then said quietly.
“We don't understand.”
Os course, they didn't. She hadn't said
anything. She had babbled like a chattering
monkey, with no human language on her
tongue any more than a jaybird has, when it
quarrels with the hawk.
(I he lady was on her way to China to
“win souls”.)
If you wish to test the “tongues” business,
prevail on the “Pentecostal preachers” to try
their “gift*’ on a newly arrived dago, or Rus
sian Jew, or John Chinaman.
In the meantime, be careful how you roam
around. There appear to be a good many lu
natics going about the country. T. E. W.
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
Despite the extensive boycott of beef, and
the fight that is being waged against the high
cost of living in the cities, the same has
amounted to nothing for the relief of the
consumer.
In the bigger cities the demand has fallen
off from twenty-five to seventy-five per cent.,
but there has been no tumble in the price.
The Jeffersonian predicted, at the begin
ning of the fight, that the boycott would
amount to very little, and subsequent develop
ments make our belief all the stronger.
To begin with, the fight was a onesided
affair. On one side was arrayed the rich
Beef Trust, the Armours, the Swifts and
others, and on the other side the people who
have to eat.
Besides being worth millions of dollars,
the Trust owns nearly all the packing-houses,
nearly all of the slaughter-houses, nearly all
of the cold-storage plants and cold-storage
cars in this country, and a controlling inter
est in many of the biggest cattle ranches in
the West and Northwest.
Besides owning everything connected with
the meat business, the* Beef Trust is backed
by the infamous Payne-Aldrich tariff law
which now has us at the mercy of the Trusts.
To fight this powerful combination, the
consumer was armed with only an empty
stomach, which is a mighty poor weapon to
fight with, and the consumer is bound to lose
the fight.
Suppose the demand for beef does fall off,
the Beef Trust only has to store the beef in
one of its cold-storage plants and keep it un
til there is a demand. In this way the Beef
Trust loses practically nothing.
Suppose you propose to substitute eggs for
meat, and fight the Trust that way. You
ought to know that the Beef Trust "has had
the egg market cornered for months and the
eggs stored in the different cold-storage
plants. So if you quit beef and go to your
egg diet, you are still paying your money to
the Trust. The same is true of fish and poul
try. There is even a Cereal Trust to get the
breakfast-food man who imagines that high
beef doesn’t touch him.
* * * *
There is away to whip the Beef Trust and
reduce the cost of living, but it is not by a
boycott of meat, eggs, fish, fowls, flour or" ce
reals.
The only way to get at them is by repealing
our present Tariff, for the Tariff alone is re
sponsible for the present high cost of living.
Today, beef bought on foot in the Chicago
stockyards is retailing in London for three
cents a pound less than it is retailing in Chi
cago. yet the London butcher has had to pay
freight from Chicago to some Atlantic port
PAGE THIRTEEN