was entirely disproved, when Mrs.
Oswell Eve, of Augusta, read to
the convention a letter which she had
received from Mr. Jesse N. Williams,
the mayor of Andersonville, in which
he assured her that all of Anderson
ville wanted the monument; a peti
tion Was enclosed, Which had been
signed by a number of the citizens of
Andersonville. Mr. Williams stated
that not one citizen approached had
refused to sign the petition asking
that the monument be placed there.
Further, he assured her that the shaft
would be protected if sent to Ander
sonville.
The suggestion from some of the
opponents of Andersonville that it
might be defaced by Northern tour
ists who visit the National Cemetery,
is, apart from its absurdity, almost
'an insult to our Northern contempo
raries. Do not Northerners erect
monuments on Southern soil, without
fear of defacement? Then, surely,
since this shaft has been erected with
purest motives, we can place it where
it Wongs, regardless of these absurd
objections. The obscurity of Ander
sonville has also been mentioned as
an objection. Were Andersonville a
wilderness and yet the scene of Wirz’s
labors for the Confederacy, the shaft
should be placed there. How can its
being placed in some other Georgia
city refute the false charges that are
yet to be seen on sign-boards and
placards, at Andersonville? The ac
cusation is at Andersonville only, and
placed elsewhere in Georgia, the Wirz
monument will have lost its signifi
cance. i
Andersonville and Wirz are synon
ymous; we associate Captain Wirz
with Andersonville as naturally as we
connect the great Napoleon with Wa
terloo !
If the decision for Richmond be
rescinded, when the coming session
takes place, it is sincerely hoped that
the Georgia U. D. C. will have real
ized that their placing the monument
our agents, and during this week we
only violates the original resolution,
•but breaks faith with those who con
trbiuted towards erecting the monu
ment at Andersonville, and that the
purpose for which it was erected, will
never be fulfilled if not placed there.
Ada M. Ramp.
THE HANDY ALMANAC.
“Good morning, Mr. Seaver,” call
ed the city boarder, cheerily, from the
veranda, -as he lighted his after-break
fast cigar. “I wonder if I could look
at your almanac this morning? You
farmers keep pretty well posted on
the weather, I suppose?”
“Er —r —r —r — yes, yes, I reckon
we do, or ought to,” said Uncle Char
lie Seaver, as he set down a basket
of sweet corn -and reached for his to
bacco box. *
“You see —that is—l reckon, an al
manac is a handy thing to have
around. We usually keep one around
the house in the summer time fer yo i
city fellers to look at. As fer Mandy
and me an’ th’ children, when they’re
hum, I regret to say that we’ve usu
ally got our noses in one of those
pesky novels that they calls the six
best-sellers, or mabby sum of those
demoralizin’ magazines or sumpthin’.
“Mandy,” he called, “lay down
that book an’ see if you kin find thet
almanac fer Mr. Hamilton.”--Don
Cameron Shafer, in Puck.
Deadly Paris Green.
Although it is a fact that old-time
farmers still use dry Paris green by
the ton to kill cabbage caterpillars,
although sprayed arsenates, not so
deadly, are better insecticides, still
you need not worry. Professor Sur
face, of Pennsylvania, after analysis,
finds that to amass sufficient deadly
green, one must consume 200 cab
bages at a sitting. What a blow to
those “hunting trouble,” for very
few people eat over one two-hun
dredth of this number, even at Sun
day dinner. —H. B. Fullerton, in the
American Cultivator.
For Keeping Food Cool.
A farmer correspondent uses a sub
stitute for .a refrigerator which at
the same time is more convenient
than carrying provisions to the cellar
and back again. He makes an en
closure of twelve-inch round tiling
from his kitchen floor to the cellar
bottom and six or eight feet deeper,
or until he reaches about water level.
The tiles are fastened together with
cement and fitted with a neat covei?
about level with the kitchen floor.
The temperature at the bottom of this
enclosure is quite low and food let
down by means of a cord and wind
lass is kept from spoiling, fee claims,
almost as well as in a refrigerator.
It is used for keeping’ butter firm and
to -prevent milk, meat and other pro
visions from spoiling. American
Cultivator.
We Should Know the Trees.
ww>r is (lie use of us spending our
whole lives among the trees without
becoming acquainted with them?
Write in a little book kept for the
purpose the names and descriptions
of all of the trees that grow in your
vicinity. Make a collection of the
wood and bark of each —also of the
fruit if it be preservable, as in the
case of the nut. Try to tell what kind
of a tree you are passing by, feeling
of its bark with your eyes closed.
Send a postal to Department of For
estry, Washington, D. C., asking for
literature which will enable you to
carry on this interesting study. It
will be provided free. Find out just
how to take care of your lumber so
that it will bring you in the best re
turns. —Nashville Banner.
Grit and Green Food.
Three items commonly neglected
are sharp grit, enough green food and
Ea<rly Cotton Seeds
Ik
k
IN ORDE& to whip the 801 l Weevil it is wise to plant early matur
ing varieties of Cotton. From experience we recommend, King’s North
Carolina Stock, Toole’s Improved, Simpkin’s Early Prolific, Mebanes Tri
umph and World’s Wonder as the best and most reliable of the early
varieties. Our seeds are true to name and no fancy prices and of best
selections. Prices for World’s Wonder $1.75 bushel, 5 to 10 bushels, $1.50
bushel, 25 bushels and over, $1.25 bushel. All the others, 1 bushel
$1.25, 5 to 10 bushels at SI.OO, 25 to 90 bushels at 90c, 100 bushels at
85c. Car load lots (1,000 bushels) King’s and Toole’s at very low prices.
Write for it. Forty years in business enables us to offer purer stock
and better prices than usual. We offer 40 other varieties of cotton. Also
all Garden, Field and Flower Seeds.
MARK W. JOHNSON SEED COMPANY,
ATLANTA, GEORGIA.
TJcffexsoiHan
F4KY TOPICS
plenty of meat food. After a few
years a poultry yard becomes bare of
good grit material as well as of green
food and the fowls need more atten
tion in those particulars than at first.
The meat part of the ration is doled
out by some people as if it were a
kind of medicine instead of food.
The best way is* to keep meat scraps
on hand all the time in a meat hop
per, allowing the birds to eat all they
care for. It is a rather expensive
part of the food, but returns more
growth and eggs for the money ex
pended than any other one item. 'lt
is hopeless to try to get much of an
egg record, especially in fall and win
ter, without feeding plenty of meat
and milk. —Farmers’ Home Journal.
Help Out the Boy.
Two of my boys have decided to
follow farming, the other is going to
the city to study mechanical engineer
ing. I am pretty well satisfied to get
two farmers out of the three and they
are going to be better farmers than I
am if the agricultural college can do
the trick. When I was a boy my edu
cation was confined to three months
at the little old red school house
where a new teacher —usually some
raw-boned, laddie-buck who ought to
have been in school himself —tried to
teach us “readin’, writin’ and ’rith
metic. ” My education on the farm
was dull, hard work, doing things just
as my grandfather had done them.
My pleasure was trapping rabbits and
mink in winter and fishing about twice
in summer, when I could steal away.
On Sundays I sat on the doorstep or
the horseblock -wearing a pair of cow
hide shoes, a stiff shirt, longing for
the woods and the creek and grumb
ling and growling to myself when I
•was not reading the Bible or study
ing the catechism. Tough times for
boys then, but I learned a lesson which
may help my own boys. They shall
have an education, some healthful
pleasure (always and freedom. —John
T. Miller, lowa.
THE COUNTRY SAFE.
First Citizen —I begin to feel as if
there were some hope for this coun
try, after all.
Second Citizen —'Well! Well! What
has happenend ?
First citizen —I just saw a Sunday
school boy thrashing a street hood
lum.—N. Y. Weekly.
12 Japo-Silk Post Cards
FREE
These Japo-Silk Post Cards are Mrlctly
high class and are not like any that you
have ever seen before, for they are entirely
new. Each card is in seven or more beau
tiful natural colors, and is made of Japo-
Silk. The complete set includes reproduc
tions from original paintings by some of
(he world's most famous artists. Japo-
Silk cards are manufactured by a secret
process. They are rare and expensive.
Each card can be framed or made the
gem of any collection.
Our supply of “Japo-Silk” cards is lim
ited, but we will give a set free to every
reader of this paper who will send ten
cents for three months subscription to
the “Farmers’ Voice.” No two cards are
alike. An extra surprise accompanies each
set of “Japo-Silk” cards. Ask for the
surprise sure.
If for any reason you are not satisfied
with the set after you see it, I will re
fund your money cheerfully and without
quibbling. Doesn’t that show my sin
cerity ?
The Farmers’ Voice, Dept. A5, Chi
cago, 111.
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian for 3
months, the Farmers’ Voice for 3 months,
and the 12 Japo-Silk Post Cards, all for
25 cents. Send a quarter in silver or
stamps to the Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
T 0 ALL SUFFERERS to intro
tpZSv duce our Combined systems of
VO healing. Enclose 4 cents postage.
1 KulL ' A(ldress Carl E - Johnson, Deca-
FOR SALE
Genuine Toole Prolific Cotton Seed,
bushel 90 cents, 10 bushel lots 85
cents, 20 or more bushels 75 cents.
W. T. GILBERT, Vienna, Ga.
VETERINARY COURSE AT HOME.
ft 4 000 yea l- and upwards can be made taking our Veter
ftltUU inary Course at home during spare time; taught
in simplest English; Diploma granted, positions obtained
for successful students; cost within reach of all; satisfac
tion guaranteed; particulars free. O ntartO VetOfln
ar* Correspondence Schools London, Can*
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write lor Our 1909 Seed Catalogue
Buy of us Seed, Grains Corns, Melons, Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses, In
secticides Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and Cypher’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for American and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
I wish to state to the read
ers of this paper that I do
first-class Cleaning, Pressing
and altering. Phone 143 for
prices.
THOMSON PRESSING CLUB
Chas. Porter, Prop., THOMSON, GA.
Young’s New Berry
The Berkeley.
A table berry, very like the raspberry;
very sweet; dark red when fully ripe. The
largest and finest berry of all. Very pro
ductive; grows in a long vine. 1 was
seven years making this new berry. All
kinds of berry plants for sale. Send for
price list.
WM. A. YOUNG,
2625 Milvia St.,
Berkeley, Cal.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer.
We make a specialty of treating and curing
external cancer. Have you one, or do you know
a friend who has one? If so, write us. NO CURE,
NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands. No
operation, no loss of blcod. Can refer you to
many cases cured and now well. NO FAILURES.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING
P. O. Box 56 Quitman, Ga.
COOK’S
Improved Cotton Seed for sale by
the originator at $1.50 per bushel,
money to accompany order.
J. R. COOK, Ellaville, Ga.
PAGE FIVE