PAGE TWELVE
The Negro Revenue Collector of Georgia:
One of the Southern Congressmen Who
Deserted to the Republicans, and
Thus Helped to Increase
the Cost of Living
(concluded from page nine)
You enabled the Republicans to pass a law
that puts a tax of 50 per cent, on the automo
biles of the rich, and a tax of 165 per cent,
upon the blankets of the poor. No man whose
heart beats in sympathy with the producing
and unprotected millions of this country
would have done such a thing as that. Aou
enabled the Republicans to pass a law which
increases, more than ten per cent., the tariff
rates on common cotton goods and clothing,
when the taxes were already so outrageously
high that the people had to pay three prices
when they were purchasing these necessaries
of life. Who gets the benefit of that? New
England, principally.
Consequently, the sum and substance of
your departure from civic virtue and honor
is that you delivered your own people over
to New England manufacturers, to be robbed
without mercy.
The cost of living went up, all along the
line, as soon as that new law got fairly into
operation. It adds hundreds of millions of
dollars to the expense account of the well-to
do; and it pinches the poor to the point of
starvation —and thousands are pushed be
yond.
Before God and man. Bill Howard, you are
partly responsible.
What have you done for your people, any
way, to show for the $65,000 that they have
paid you? IFto toZ laws have you endea
vored to repeal: what good law have you en
deavored to pass? What measure for the re
lief of the suffering people has ever had the
benefit of your eloquence on the floor of the
House? Where have you gone into debate,
with your unquestioned intellectual supe
riority, and given to your people the benefit
of that ability?
You have doubtless got a few’ appropria
tions that were of local benefit; you have
probably been diligent in the matter of post
offices and rural routes. It can scarcely be
doubted that you have been active in the dis
tribution of vegetable and flower seed. You
may even have sent some experts from the
Agricultural Department to deliver lectures
on farming and dairying. You have proba
bly had soils analyzed, and caused maps to
be made. Tto when the New Englanders
were making laws to rob your people, where
have you struck a blow to prevent the out
rage? When the Dalzells and the Cannons
were riveting upon the citizens of the country
those laws that take the property of one man
and give it to another, where have you been
heard, in protest?
As long as your record was merely a blank.
there was no particular reason for singling
you out for criticism; for the record, (I am
ashamed to say!) of most of our Southern
Congressmen, is a, blank. They seem to think
that they have nothing to do but instruct
their Secretaries to send out seed, copies of
speeches, soothing letters, and experts to talk
farming to farmers. Constructive statesman
ship, we look for in vain: any particular
thing for the relief of the country, we do not
find. It is a dreary round of. “elected”, “re
elected”. expecting, always expecting, and
never getting anvthing. It was only when
you, the proud Bill Howard, yoked up with
Lon Livingston, and that Pat McCarren
crowd from New York, and betrayed, the
South to New England— catering to old Joe
Cannon in order that you might retain high
place on Committees —that I felt it to be a
duty which I owed to the people to show
what a terrible political crime you had com
mitted.
Your heart is not with your people, Bill.
<she 3effersonlan
Had it been, you could never have done them
that cruel wrong.
The best chance which the South and West
have ever had, since the Civil War, to escape
the crushing yoke of New England, you de
liberately threw away. What was your mo
tive? To get, from the Speaker, favors and
promotion which benefit you personally and
minister to your inordinate pride, but w T hich
are of no benefit whatever to your constitu
ents.
You and Livingston knew that your col
leagues would never elect you to the Commit
tee positions to which the Speaker appoints
you; and for this mess of pottage you pros
tituted your political honor and betrayed
your people.
Bill, they are not going to re-elect you.
Deserters are never forgiven. You went over
to the enemy and fired upon the troops whom
you had, deserted. That’s an unpardonable
sin, Bill. The people cannot stand you up,
blindfold you, and order out the detail to
have you shot: but your guilt is greater than
that of many a poor fellow who met that fate
during the. JFar.
Some soldiers deserted because they were
born cowards: others, because they couldn’t
stand the discipline: others, because they did,
not believe the War to be justifiable; some,
because they yearned to see the loved ones at
home. But they were shot, just the same.
And wiry? To maintain discipline, and to
deter others from following the example.
Now. Bill, your motive in deserting to the
rankest of the Republicans was purely selfish,
personal, discreditable. There are no extenv
atinrf ci rev m dances. If is the same as though
a soldier should desert because he is paid to
do it.
Little Edwards got his reward, so soon, that
it was scandalously indecent for him to pa
rade it. On his merits, he never would have
been given those committee places. The same
thing applies to all of you.
'The morals of the transaction smack of
Judas and his silver —of Benedict Arnold,
and the Commission he was to receive.
I am sorry to have to say this about you,
Bill—but it must be said. Were you my own
brother, and had acted thus—it would make
no difference.
Because of your desertion to the enemy,
and because a failure to punish you would
cause every Congressman to feel that it is safe
to betray his constituents, we can't afford to
forgive you, Bill. By dealing with you, ac
cording to your crime, a, healthy, and badly
needed lesson will be taught other members
of Congress.
If you want to stay in Congress, let me
tell you what to do: move to Massachusetts,
or Pennsylvania.
You can take a certificate from Speaker
Cannon that will insure your election to Con
gress. He will certify that, 'without the aid
of yourself and the other Democratic desert
ers. he could not have packed the committees,
and passed the new Tariff law. Armed with
this certificate, you can go to the Steel Trust,
or the Manufacturers’ Association, and de
mand that they buy a seat in Congress for
you. as they do for John Dalzell, for Aldrich
and for Guggenheim. They know your abil
ity: they see that your heart is theirs; they
realize what advantage your experience would
be to them: and they would eagerly buy you
a seat —in the Senate if you prefer.
It would give me much pleasure, if the
facts warranted me in saying that you, who
made a good Solicitor-General, had also made
a good Congressman. But I can’t do it, Bill.
When you got off to Washington and lost
the influence of home environment, you un
derwent a change. You were not the same
man, at all.
Had vou remained the same Bill Howard
whom I used to meet twice a year, in the
rounds of the old Northern Circuit, you
would have fought some of those villainous
measures that the Republicans have fastened
on us. But you fought NONE of them.
Why, Bill ?
In England, France and Germany we find
the small, minority parties watching for op
portunities, taking advantage of them, to get
concessions from the majority party. We
saw Joseph Chamberlain actually capture
Parliament and the Cabinet, with a mere cor
poraVs guard of followers.
We saw the Socialists, with their minority,
put one of their number at the head of the
French Government.
We have seen the Clericals and Socialists,
in the German Reichstag, use their minorities
so adroitly as to control legislation, time and
again.
But the powerful minority of Democrats in
our Congress is utterly helpless. Why is that,
Bill?
Isn’t it because you don’t even try? And
is not your failure to try due to the fact that
you really favor the policy and the legislation
of the Republicans?
Bill, where were you, when Senator Lodge
sneaked through Congress the mandate that
the Secretary of War buy two old, dry-docked
vessels of that Boston firm at the price of
one million dollars?
Why didn't you fight that terrible Dick
bill, which makes our militia a part of the
United States Army?
Bill, didn’t you vote to exempt the Pull
man Palace Car Company, the Express Com
panies. and the Telegraph Companies from
the jurisdiction of the Interstate Commerce
Commission? What was your motive. Bill?
Don’t you think that corporations, like the
Pullman, which declare dividends of 300 per
cent., need governmental control?
Ah, how I wish that I could say that, on
these matters and many more, my old friend
and comrade at the Bar had proved himself
the valiant, vigilant, energetic champion of
the cruelly oppressed, people!
How gladly would I say, if the record sus
tained me, that you had manfully done all
that you could, for a Parcels-Post; a postal
telegraph and telephone service, such as Euro
pean countries have; a Free list, for Trust
controlled commodities; the abolition of the
monstrously abused Franking privilege; the
checking of the increase of offices and of the
extravagance of the Government; the divorce
of our National Treasury from J. P. Mor
gan's banking syndicate; the issue of non
interest-bearing notes, instead of interest
bearing bonds.
Ah, Bill, what might you not have done
for your people, these twleve years they kept
you in Congress, had you only tried—earnest
ly, persistly TRIED!
But your failure to do that, would not have
disgraced you— your desertion to Joe Cannon
did. You deliberately sacrificed, to the
Trusts, your people, and all the people. You
put your individual pride and prestige above
the welfare of ninety millions of your fellow -
citizens!
All the speeches that you can make; all the
plausible casuistry that you may put into
your explanations: all the letters that you
can write, cannot hide the criminal fact that,
at the crisis of Cannonism, you went to its
rescue, saved it, and received the reward and
the public praise of the Republican boss.
This is a terrible indictment, I know, but
it is a True Bill.
One who once loved and honored you,
Howard, grieves deeply, bitterly, to write of
you like this. The tears come to my eyes,
when I think what you might have been, in
Congress, and what you actually are.
Against you, personally, Bill. I have not,
and never had, the slightest unkind feeling;
but. politically, you have killed yourself—
with me, and with all who know what you
did in Congress, one year ago.
Thos. E. Watson.
March 17, 1910.