PAGE FOURTEEN
The Reformer is Always Slandered
(concluded from page eleven)
drain off millions of dollars into China and
J apan for the building of magnificent
churches, schools and colleges for those for
eigners, should be raking up every old slan
der that ever barked at my heels?
I was never a member of the Farmers' 1 Al
liance, and, therefore, never had any chance
to sell it out. I was elected by it, and intro
duced into Congress bills covering every sin
gle one of their demands. For these reform
principles, I made the strongest fight possi
ble, under the circumstances. There were
only thirteen of us in the House that were
elected by the Alliance. We managed so well
• that the despised minority was able to put the
Pinkerton deputies out of business; kill the
predecessor of the infamous Dick bill; pass
the Automatic Car-coupler bill; and the first
appropriation that was made for the Free
Delivery of mail to people outside of towns,
cities and villages.
It was Lon Livingston, of Georgia, and
C. W. Macune, of Texas, who sold out the
Alliance. They sold out to Pat Calhoun, as
stated in last week’s Jeffersonian. Pat Cal
oun’s cousin told me that a part of the money
that Calhoun paid over to Livingston, in Cal
houn’s office, in Atlanta, was brought from
the bank, in bills, by this cousin of Pat —Jas.
IF. Green, who died in this town a little over
a year ago.
As to flopping to the Republicans: every
body knows better. In Congress, I fought
both the old parties; and when Boykin
Wright a«d those other Augusta criminals
stuffed the ballot boxes, hired repeaters to
vote from ten to twenty-one times, fraudu
lently stuffed the registration lists, etc., the
Republicans voted against me as solidly as
the Democrats, when I contested the elec
tion. Nobody has fought the Republican
party and its principles more vigorously than
I have done. My fight on the Democratic
party was an effort to get the people back to
the original Democratic principles of ante
bellum days, when the name corresponded to
the party creed and when the practice con
formed to the preachment. Under those
Democratic principles of our forefathers, our
Government was economical and honest. In
those days , we had no poor; no army of un
employed; no crime waves which almost stag
ger human belief, and which almost paralyze
the human heart. We had no hundreds of
millionaires, and we had no millions of pau
pers. I may also add that in those halcyon
times, we hadn’t even gone crazy about China
and other “heathen” countries.
Teasing the Preacher
(number four.)
Having parlous times, ain’t you, Brother?
Money isn’t quite so easy to shake apart from
the Faithful, is it?
You have to listen to more outspoken criti
cism than heretofore, don’t you?
You are dimly aware of a General Waking
Up, all around—is it not so, Parson?
Now, you hold your potato, and let me
give you some sound advice. Take something
to ease that abdominal trouble about China.
Quit bothering everybody to death about Ko
rea. Let Japan educate her own children.
It’s none of your business to be doing what
the governments of China and Japan want to
do, are prepared to in the education of
Chinese and Japanese children.
Say, Parson, how many servants does your
annual salary enable you to employ?
Does YOUR wife have “AT LEAST
THREE SERVANTS” to do the house
work?
Do the wives of those from whom you ex
tract mission money have “at least three ser
vants” to wait on them?
In the astounding letter which Dr. W. T.
©b* 3e|'fersontan
Ayers wrote from China, and which The
Christian Index published week before last,
Dr. Ayers states that the missionary, in Chi
na, MUST KEEP “AT LEAST THREE
SERVANTS”, or he will lose the respect of
the Chinks.
What do you say to that, Parson?
Did Christ win respect by living in a fine
house, faring sumptuously every day, wear
ing fine clothes, and employing as many ser
vants as Pharisee standards required?
Did Paul win the respect of wealthy Ro
mans and Greeks, by imitating their luxuri
ous style of living?
It seems almost beyond belief that Dr.
Ayers would have the obtuseness to set up
such a defense for unscriptural methods. It
is even more amazing that THE INDEX
should publish it— at this time, when the
whole rotten, graft-reeking system is under
fire.
Parson, if you keep on pulling our people
for this anti-Apostolic business, you are go
ing to lose your influence.
Mind what I tell you!
The Christian Index, in its last week’s is
sue, claims that the State of Georgia, alone,
ought to be giving ten thousand dollars per
day to this unnatural, anti-Pauline business.
What business?
Supplying the foreign missionaries with
funds to live in a style of luxury to which
three-fourths of the clergy of this country are
strangers.
And to equip free hospitals, drug-stores,
dentists, doctors, trained nurses, etc., etc., for
the foreigners.
Bell and Graham say that Georgians con
tribution to this outrageous system SHOULD
BE TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS EACH
DAY!
More About the State Constitution
and the Distribution of Politi
cal and Legislative Power
Dear Sir: —Your willingness to print both
sides of a discussion makes the Jeffs real inter
esting, educational, and worth double their price.
The question I have up with you for discussion
is the only one that I have ever radically dis
agreed with you. However, I think by a series
of questions and answers we can come together
on this one about the constitutionality of nomi
nating candidates in the Primary. Your answers
have helped me to miake the following conclu
sions:
1. That the manner of electing candi
dates is prescribed by the Constitution,
but it is up to each party organization
as to how its candidates should be nomi
nated. What Article and Section of our
Constitution refer to a nomination?
2. That the Democratic party will re
main in power in Georgia until a change
is made in the Constitution to elect by
the delegate system. Why? Because a
majority of the qualified voters are citi
zens of the large towns and cities, and
they seem to be satisfied with Democ
cracy.
3. The Constitution divides the Legis
lative power of the largest and smallest
counties in the ration of 3 to 1, and di
vides the power of these same counties
in the ratio of their qualified voters
when it comes to electing a Governor.
On account of so much power being vest
ed in the Chief Executive of a State, we
cannot afford to consider it as a joke.
Am I wrong regarding these conclusions? If
so, I want to know it so I can flop. The above
suggests some questions which I desire to ask,
and kindly request you to answer each one di
rectly in the affirmative or in the negative, and
then proceed to justify same:
1. Do you think the white voters ought to set
tle all their political differences in the White
Democratic Primary?
2. Should the Constitution be changed, as
above suggested, referring to the clause about the
manner of electing a Governor?
I have no reference to national politics, only
to Georgia politics.
Yours respectfully,
White, Ga. IRA V. MAXW)LL.
ANSWER.
(1) The framers of the Constitution were
dealing with matters of law, not with party
customs and practices. The object of the
Constitutional Convention was to get rid of
the Constitution which had been adopted
when the Republicans, carpet-baggers, and
negroes had control of the State. Our peo
ple felt that it was a humiliation to rest un
der a fundamental law framed by such peo
ple. Besides, the granting of State aid to
private enterprises and the lavish waste of
public funds, had gone to such lengths, that
it was universally felt that the Treasury
should be protected from public plunderers.
Again, General Robt. Toombs, who had fled
to Europe after the failure of the Confed
eracy, had made a careful study of railroad
management over there, where public owner
ship, or public control, prevails; ;uid he de
sired to create a railroad commission which
would protect the people from the extortion
of railroad monopoly.
Therefore, when the people elected their
best men in 18U, and sent them to Atlanta,
they had in view the laying down of the gen
eral rule which should control the conduct of
natural and artificial citizens. (The artificial
citizen is the corporation, created by law.)
The Constitution, nowhere, undertakes to
prescribe how our political parties should
hold their conventions, make their nomina
tions, and conduct .their campaigns. But, in
laying down the law as to elections, the
framers of the Constitution are conclusively
presumed to have had in mind the political
customs which have prevailed in this country*
almost from the very foundation of our Gov-?
ernment. Since the days of George Wash
ington, we have had, as in England and Con
tinental Europe, what is known as party
Government. We have always had, as they
have abroad, more than one political party.
It is a great calamity to this country that
people are not split up into a greater num
ber of political groups. Where there are only
two political parties, it is always practically
certain that the same influences will control
both. Plutocracy rides the Republican party
as long as Plutocracy gets what it wants from
it; but when the people turn against the Re
publicans, Plutocracy simply secures control
of the other party. When you see such men
as Thos. F. Ryan and Belmont con
trolling the national Democratic party, you
don’t need to be told that the people have
nothing to hope from it. For instance, when
Mr. Cleveland was elected, we had the most
corrupt and greedy corporations in full con
trol. It was under his second term, that the
tobacco trust and the sugar trust got the
legislation which has enabled them to rob the
people of so many hundreds of millions of
dollars.
As there are always a number of different
political parties, it is always necessary to
make nominations, and the Constitution
makers of Georgia were bound to know that
fact. Each party decides for itself, how it
shall make its nomination. But if the nomi
nation is made in away which violates the
manner in which our fundamental law pro
rates political power, between the larger and
the smaller counties, wrong is inflicted upon
the people. The method prescribed by the
Constitution for represent'd ’ m of the various
counties in the Leg' let r:‘, ought to dictate
the method in which the various counties
should be represented in a nominating con
vention. The Constitution prescribes the
principles upon which the people shall be
represented, in their legislative capacity, and
the rule prescribed should be followed when
they are represented in nomimaJVvs.and P.ni- _
mary elections. It is- tb kayti h n.- t y
people of the small country counties sliCll
lose, in their Conventions and Primaries, the
rights given them in the Legislature. If we,
like South Carolina, had no large cities, it
wouldn’t make so much difference: but there
are two reasons why we ought to cling to our
present system:
Ist: It conforms to the Constitutional plan.
r