The Lilliputian Bride Named Af
ter Mrs. Watson
In my father’s family there were
eight boys. Among their names is
an Andrew Jackson, a Robert Lee,
and an Albert Sidney Johnston. The
latter two made their advent into
the world from 1861 to ’65. With
this information you readily know
the political principles my father ad
vocated and the military heroes he
most admired. All over the coun
try are many boys who will sign
their Christian names Tom Watson,
which is a true index to the political
principles of their fathers and the
statesman they most admire.
The only reason there is no Tom
Watson in my family is because
after I knew Tom Watson to be one
of the best friends the common peo
ple ever had, there was no son came
to bless our home. But, neverthe
less, daughters came.
Being confident you would feel
equally honored by naming one of
them for your wife we did so. When
small, in her childish way, she would
often tell our neighbors her name
was Georgia Tom Watson Hender
son. She is seven years old today.
At the close of the last term of our
country school we had an exhibition.
On the program was a Lilliputian
wedding in which Georgia was bride
and her nephew, Master Haines
Lennon, was groom.
The next day the patrons of the
school, with the settlement invited,
met in a shady nook on the banks of
a nearby river with well filled has-
A Fine Kidney Remedy
Mr. A. S. Hitchcock, 970 Carrier
Building, East Hampton, Conn., wish
es to tell our readers who are afflict
ed with any Kidney, Bladder or Uric
Acid ailment that if they will send
their address to him he will without
any charge whatsoever direct them
to the splendid remedy he so success
fully used at home in his own case.
There can be but little doubt that
this plain information so freely given
to our readers will lead to'the return
to health of hundreds of suffering
men and women who as yet have
found nothing but costly disappoint
ment.
IIBiK
* *
iWsT*’-
THE LILLIPUTIAN WEDDING
kets and spread a sumptuous dinner.
The teacher being guest of honor.
A photographer being on the
grounds, those who witnessed the
little mock wedding the night be
fore requested that the little couple
be rerobed in their wedding cos- /
tume for a picture, which was done.
With only a buggy robe for a car
pet and a bunch of whortleberry
bushes for a background the enclos
ed post-card was produced. Please
tender it to Airs. Watson with my
compliments. Tell her the little girl
on the card is named for her and is
the daughter of one of her distin
guished husband’s true and loyal
friends —one who had rather see him
President than any one living in the
borders of the United States —one
who was not ashamed to stand with
him when the days were dark to the
Populist.
A true and loyal friend,
D. J. HENDERSON, SR.
Ocilla, Ga., August 20, 1909.
THE LORD HE SERVED.
Judge George F. Lawton of the
Middlesex Probate Court, told me a
story the other day of an American
minister who was spending his sab
batical year traveling abroad. Arriv
ing in London, he made every effort
to get an intimate view of the two
branches of Parliament in session.
Os course no stranger is allowed on
the floor of the House of Lords, but
the minister not knowing this, and
with the usual amount of American
push tried to make his way in. There
is a rule, however, that servants of
the various lords may be admitted to
speak to their masters. Seeing the
minister walking boldly in, the door
keeper asked:
“What lord do you serve?”
“What lord?” repeated the aston
ished American, “the Lord Jehovah!”
For a moment the doorkeeper hesi
tated and then admitted him. Turn
ing to an assistant standing near, he
said:
“He must mean one of those poor
Scotch lairds.” —Boston Record.
Gfce Jeffersonian
When writing to advertisers, al
ways mention The Jeffersonian.
Don’t send currency in unregister
ed letters.
OUR PREMIUM KNIVES.
These knives, which contain a pho
tograph of Air. Watson,'are mailed
to our subscribers direct from the
factory where they are made, and at
least ten days will elapse from the
time we get your order until you re
ceive the knife. If you do not get
Save Magazine Money By Doing Business With the
South’s Largest IVfagazine Subscription Agency
OUR SOUTHERN FRIENDS SEND US YOUR ORDER
We Represent Every Magazine, Every Newspaper Catalogue FREE
This is our fifth year in the magazine subscription agency business
and we have learned a few things, too, about it; foremost among the
things we have learned is how to give the lowest prices and the best
service.
HERE’S SOME OF OUR OFFERS, READ AND BE CONVINCED
Reg. Price Our Price Americansl.oo ) n. liv
Century 4.00 3.85 Uncle Remus’s. . 1.00/
Literary Digest. . . 3.00 3.00 or Watson’s ’ a Year
Ladies’ Home Journal 1.50 1.50 Uncle Remus’s. . $1.00) * B»rn»in
Munsey’s 1.00 100 Designer
c ~ , ' McCall’*? I 5i.65 a Yr.
Scribner s 3.00 3.00 "Aci_.au si
Saturday Even. Post. 1.50 1.50 American
Any of the publications in this list Metrop’oHtan” ! Any 2 51.65
may be added at the puce quoted. Pictorial Review i Anv3 $2.30
„„ , . Success [ Anv 4 $2 95
Metropolitan i Our Price Watson’s
Everybody’s - $2,50 Uncle Remus’s
Delineator i a Year Taylor-Trotwood I
SPECIAL -American and Good Housekeeping, both 1 year, $1.50
Bear in mind, we will be glad to quote you a price on any magazine
or newspaper and save you money when two or more are subscribed for.
Hoping to be favored with your next order
WALKER’S MAGAZINE AGENCY, Ho SS. ceokgu"’
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge of writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 months $1.50
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 months 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 months 1.00
Total $3.50
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
your knife in two weeks, drop us a
postal card.
In the Tissot BIBLE pictures,
which you can obtain from the Jef
fersonians, free of all charge, the
great and impressive scenes in the
Bible story are depicted, true in
color, costume, landscape, and all de
tails to the life, the country and the
time.
Every Southerner should read
“Bethany,” the love story of a Con
federate Volunteer.
PAGE FIFTEEN