0l)e
VOLUME THREE
NUMVER EORT't-THREE
Mr. 'Watson’s Address at Atlanta, October 7,1708
Fellow Citizens:
In theory, I am a King, addressing
an assemblage of fellow Sovereigns.
As a matter of fact, I am a political
nonentity, addressing a good-looking
crowd of citizens who are just as
helpless as myself.
We imagine that we have a great
deal to do with the government of
our country. In theory, we rule it.
The actual truth is that nobody con
sults us in the making of laws, the
shaping of policies, or the selection of
rulers. To prove that this is so, we
have only to take a passing glance at
the laws which govern us.
We had an income tax which was
compelling the accumulated wealth
of the country to pay seventy million
dollars per year to the support of the
government-. That tax was repealed.
By whom? Did you do it? Was not
every single one of you heartily in
favor of the principle of the income
tax, which simply compels those who
have derived the greatest advantage
out of the government to contrib
ute a portion of their net profits to
the support of the government? Do
you not know that the rank-and-file
Republican—the Republican farmers,
merchants, mechanics —is as much in
favor of the principle of the income
tax as you are? Then who repealed
it? The two political macTiines which
control you are responsible for its
repeal. Democratic Senators, Dem
ocratic Representatives, locked hands
with Republican Senators and Repub
lican Representatives, and at the
behest of the millionaires who hated
the tax, relieved them from it.
There was once a Federal tax up
on express companies, insurance com
panies, Manufacturing companies,
railroads and banks. It was repealed.
By whom? Did you, my fellow Sov
ereigns, do it? You certainly did
not. There is not a Democrat in
Georgia, disconnected with these cor
porations, that would not vote
promptly to compel them to pay a
fair portion of Federal tax. There
is not a Republican of the rank-and
file, disconnected with these corpora
tions, who would not as heartily fa
vor a Federal tax upon them as you
yourself would. Then, how did these
corporations relieve themselves from
the burden of Federal taxation ? Who
was it that said it was wrong to com
pel them to contribute to the support
of the government which brought
them into life with charters, and
which gave them the vast immunities
and powers from which they have
grown so great? It was not the
Democrats of the rank and file; it
was not the Republicans of the rank
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. O. WATSON
and file. It was the false representa
tive obeying the commands of those
who secretly rule you that lifted off
the shoulders of the richest classes
and richest corporations of this land
the burden of taxation, and com
pelled the common people, Republi
cans and Democrats alike, to pay not
only their own taxes but those of the
corporations also.
More than twelve hundred million
dollars of your money, issued by the
government, backed by the credit and
strength of the government, was
called in, thrown into the furnace and
burned. Did you, my fellow Sover
eigns, order that done? you
have ever thought it to your interest
to reduce the quantity of good gov
ernment money? Did you not al
ways know enough about finance to
know that when you reduce the quan
tity, you add to the value of the re
mainder? Has there ever been a
time when you did not know that
scarce money was high priced mon
ey? Were you ever ignorant of the
fact that when you need cash to pay
your debts, fixed charges, and living
expenses, you have to go into the
market and buy it with your labor,
or your property; and that the less
money there is in circulation, the
more of your labor, and the more of
your property you will have to give
in exchange for the dollar? Certain
ly not. You always knew it. You
have always known that plentiful
money meant good times; that
scarcity of money meant hard times.
Neither the rank and file of the Dem
ocratic party nor of the Republican
party would have ever raked in
twelve hundred million dollars of
good government money and de
stroyed it. They would have known
when they did so they were striking
a ruinous blow at their own prosper
ity, and adding enormously to the
hoarded wealth of the financial kings
who were dictating that diabolical
contraction of the currency.
What are the chief evils that now
afflict you ? What are those laws
that you have found to be most op
pressive ?
First. Your public service corpora
tions have been given the terrific ad
vantage of levying taxes upon the
public for private gain. In the coun
cils of those who fix those taxes —
railway rates, express company rates,
telegraph and telephone rates —the
common people have no representa
tion whatever, consequently the lit
eral fact is that we are tamely sub
mitting to a violation of the princi
ples upon which the Revolutionary
War was fought—the principle that
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, October 22, 1908
representation and taxation should
go hand in hand, and that no free
people, loving liberty and knowing
their rights, should submit to be
taxed in councils where they have
neither voice nor vote.
In Great Britain, the Revolution in
which King Charles I. lost his head
was largely caused by the widespread
indignation against the intolerable
government of the country by the
Star Chamber —a body of five public
officials which met behind closed
doors and arbitrarily exercised the
most tremendous jurisdiction over the
liberty and the property of the citi
zens. Yet, in free America, in a re
public of eighty-five million people,
we know it to be a fact that there
are five men, five railway kings, who
can meet in a private office in Wall
Street, New York, and by a change
in freight and passenger rates, tax
every man, woman and child in Amer
ica, and take into their own coffers
millions upon millions of the dollars
which other people’s labor produced.
Second. We have been acquies
cent, patiently submissive, while Con
gress has for thirty years legislate 1
in favor of corporate capital, giving
to the manufacturing class such ad
vantages over every other class that
foreign competition amounts to al
most nothing; and we are taxed by
the trusts growing out of the tariff
to such a vast extent that the yearly
net revenues of the manufacturers,
as shown by the official statistics, ex
ceed the two billions of dollars voted
away by the Republicans and Demo
crats at the last session of the Roose
velt Congress.
Third. While we have protected
the corporate capital of the United
States to such an extent that foreign
competitors cannot molest its gather
ing and heaping up of riches —pro-
tected to such an extent that it can
sell its products cheaper in China
than it will sell them here in Amer
ica—we have allowed the labor of the
old world to enter through the doors
of immigration, and the capitalist
who is protected from the -entrance
of foreign competitive money can
bring in foreign competitive labor to
beat down and keep down the wage
of American labor.
Fourth. We have surrendered to
the privileged capitalists the sover
eign power of creating currency, in
tended to be used as money, and
which is used as money—a power
which the Constitution denied to the
States themselves, surrendering it to
private individuals to be used for pri
vate gain. Thus we have allowed our
government to be shorn of its royal
prerogative, and we find ourselves at
the mercy of those who control the
available cash of the country.
Every business man of every sec
tion of this Union —the merchant, the
farmer, the small manufacturer, the
country bank —the last one of them,
feel that they do business at the mer-*
cy of higher powers in the financial
world; that they hold their lease on
commercial life and commercial pros
perity at the pleasure of men higher
up-—men whose law-given advantages
enable them to concentrate the avail
able cash supply of the country in
New York, to hoard it there, to deny
to the country at large the free circu
lation of the life-blood of commerce—
money—and thus cause congestion,
paralysis, panic.
Who is it that does not know that
these things are so? Who is it that
doesn’t feel that the people of the
country did not do those things them
selves? Who is it that will not con
cede that the rank and file of the
Democratic party, as well as the
rank and file of the Republi
can party, are at heart op
posed to these abuses of government,
and would tonight annihilate them if
an honest man’s blow would do it?
How then have we been brought to
such a pass? We are supposed to
govern ourselves, and to be the sov
ereigns of this republic. But we have
surrendered our own birthright. We
have allowed to slip out of our hands
those powers our ancestors fought for
eight years to secure. We do not
take the initiative in making laws.
There is no right of ours which we
can assert. We have no method by
which we can remove from office the
representative who betrays us. We
have no method by which we can
arrest a law which we abhor. We
have no method by which we can com
pel those who represent us in the-Leg
islature, or in Congress, to enact the
legislation which we know the coun
try needs. The machines of both the
old parties rule. The secret caucus
dominates. The back-room influence
controls those who are supposed to
be controlled by the people at large.
Every intelligent observer knows
that something is wrong, radically
and fearfully wrong. We know that
legislation is bought and sold. We
know that judges are bought and
sold. We know that special favors
have their price in the political mar
ket, and that the huge campaign
funds used by both the. old parties
were equally corrupt and had the
same damnable purpose of securing
for the men who finance the campaign
governmental favors which mean ter-
Price Five Cents