PAGE FOURTEEN
A MAN’S CASTLE.
(Continued from Page Three.)
had done so, sat near, idly turning the
pages of a magazine. Both women
looked up as Leonard entered. Helen
smiled absently at him, and immedi
ately resumed her reading.
Walking to the table near Which
his wife sat, the young man made an
abrupt announcement:
li I am going away! ’ ’
Helen let her eyes seek his for a
second before replying.
“Permanently?” then she asked.
A peculiar expression crossed the
man’s face.
“I think so —I hope so,” he said.
“Oil, Leonard,” the mother spoke;
“why do you say that? Are you not
happy here? And you would not
take Helen away?”
“No,” he assented, with a short
laugh; “Helen would not care to go
with me. I shall leave her here —
with you.”
“When do you go?” Helen’s
tones were calm, yet they set the man
on edge.
“As soon as I can arrange,” he
answered without looking at her. His
brain seemed bursting with the many
thoughts that surged madly through
him. The old question rose upper
most. What was it all about, any
way? What had begun it?
The mother looked from one young
face to the other. She, too, could
not understand. Had they not treat
ed Leonard as a son?
Suddenly the man turned away.
“I’m tired,” he said; “good
night.”
Helen put down her book.
“It is late,” she admitted; I think
I’ll retire too.”
She went swiftly to her mother,
and kissed her lovingly on each
cheek.
“Come upstairs, dear,” she re
quested, softly; “I don’t want you
to stay down here alone.”
The mother put the girl’s clinging
arms gently from her.
“Go with Len, Helen,” she said,
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money Interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally Interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dalias to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there Is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want t® keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, x Thomson, Ga.
quietly; “I’ll sit here for a little
while.”
Helen lingered for a moment, then
followed her husband.
Left alone, the mother seemed to
be able to grasp but one thought. Her
daughter was to be separated from
her husband!
Tears rose to her eyes; then her
mind went back to the early years of
her manned life. She and her hus
band had been poor; they had lived
in four small rooms, yet they had
been happy. She, therefore, possess
ed no experience to guide her and
show her that the year of adjustment
should be spent alone. —*
Then, motherhood with its train of
blessings had come to her. How
happy she had been. She had had
no helper of any kind. But it had
been joy ineffable when she and her
husband had dressed the child to
gether; when he, in loving helpful
ness, had wiped the dishes and per
haps dusted the ornaments in that
little kingdom of their own.
The words echoed in her heart;
11 the little kingdom of their own. ’ ’
Where she had reigned mistress and
he master! A sharp pang smote her
She had unwittingly placed her finger
on the trouble here. Then the tears
fell upon her thin hands. How blind
and selfish she had been! Her child
had missed the beautiful nesLbuild
ing time; she had missed the joy that
comes to the wife who builds with
her husband. Greatest of all, she had
missed the beauty of self-sacrifice.
The white head fell forward and her
dim eyes looked into the future. To
her had come the lesson. To her now
belonged the duty of teaching Helen.
Suddenly she arose and walked
across the room. Above the lamp
hung a picture of Helen as a baby.
The mother looked up at it through
her tears.
“My baby,” she murmured; “my
little girl. And now I must give you
up.”
She put forth her hand as if to
take and caress the little pictured
figure before her. This tiny life was
ISfye 3cffersonlan
AMVDTCAN MAmTNWV STANDARD MACHINERY
AnlEJvlvApl RlAVuiriMni Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY I Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En
gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA •• GEORGIA catalo S- We sell everything in Machinery and
’ ” prices right.
«
Jeffersonian Premiums
You can get any of the following premiums by sending in subscriptions, or renew
als, as shown below, for the Jeffersonian Magazine at SI.OO, or the Weekly Jeffersonian
at SI.OO.
Full description of the premiums will be sent upon application to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga.
Every article offered is the best that can be procured for the money. It Is not our
purpose to make a profit on these premiums. We have figured the cost as low as pos
sible, and offer them for the least number of subscriptions that we can.
FOR 20 MAGAZINE OR 15 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
A set of 26 pieces of Rogers’ Silver Plated Cutlery; retail price, sls.
Ladies’ Gold Watch, hunting case, 7 jewel; price sls.
Gentlemen’s Gold Watch, 7 jewel, guaranteed for 10 years; price sl2.
FOR 15 MAGAZINE OR 10 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Webster’s Imperial Dictionary, unabridged; price $lO.
Old Mission Pendulum Clock, cathedral gong; price sl2.
Dinner Set of 47 pieces, semi-porcelain, full size; price SB.
Monarch Atlas of the World; price SB.
The World and Its Peoples, bound in silk cloth; price $lO.
Old Mission Shelf Clock; price sl2.
Mission Lamp, iron pedestal, cathedral glass; price sls.
F. & W. Automatic Hand High-Speed Sewing Machine.
FOR 8 MAGAZINE OR 5 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Breakfast Set, 31 pieces, very handsome.
Red Letter Student’s Bible, flexible leather covers.
Egyptian Ebony Mantel Clock.
A Presentation Edition of the Bible, magnificently bound.
Daisy Traveling Clock. ; I
FOR 5 MAGAZINE OR 3 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Twentieth Century Cook Book and Practical Housekeeping.
Ever-Ready Safety Razor.
Old-fashioned Razor.
China Cake Set, 7 pieces.
Fountain Pen, diamond point.
Pyrography Outfit. ;
FOR 3 MAGAZINE OR 2 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Practical Farming and Gardening, 500 pages.
Eight-inch Adjustable Shears, never wear out.
Dr, Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
I
The Doctor Durham* for three geuerationa have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the /
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1906.
repairs
"jM B B SAWS, RIBS, Bristle Twine, Babbit, &c., far any make
B B of Gin ENGINES, BOILERS and PRESSES
™ —■* and Repairs for same. Shafting, Pulleys, Belting, In-
lectors. Pipes, Valves and Fittings, Light Saw, Shingle, and Lath Mills, Gasoline Engines,
Cane Mills in stock. LOMBARD IRON WORKS AND SUPPLY
COMPANY* Aususto* Ga.
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE in the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY.
It is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It is full of fine
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years B 0
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back If not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. Birmingham, Ala.