C>l)£ Jeffersonian
VOLUME TIVE
NUMBER EIGHTEEN
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
A PLEA FOR TOBACCO
GROWERS.
Speech of Hon. A. Owsley Stanley,
of Kentucky, in the House of Repre
sentatives, Monday, April 5, 1909.
The House being in Committee of
the Whole House on the State of the
Union and having under consideration
the bill (H. R. 1438) to provide re
venue, equalize duties, and encourage
the industries of the United States,
and for other purposes —
Mr. Stanley said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 rise-to discuss a
part of this tariff bill which is more
than political. “For justice all places
a temple, and all seasons summer”;
and in the name of common justice
I demand of the Ways and Means
Committee either that they bring in
an amendment taking the tax off of
leaf tobacco in the hand of the far
mer or that some man who refuses to
do it have the courage, the manhood,
the respect that is due the committee
and the people to rise on this floor
and defend his act and defend the
justice of that tax. Mr. Chairman,
this tax will, sooner or later, be the
hardest thing* you will have to de
fend. When the cry is abroad in the
land that this bill is a cunningly de
vised plan to help the rich and op
press the poor, to aid the strong and
to burden the weak, then this one lit
tle schedule will rise like Banquo’s
ghost, and it will not down. (Ap
plause on the Democratic side.)
Mr. Chairman, for many years there
has been concealed a joker in your
tariff bills. There is a provision to
day in the revenue laws providing
that tobacco in the hand, just as the
farmer raises it, without any process
of manufacture at all, just as it
comes from the stalk, is manufac
tured tobacco and subject to an in
ternal revenue tax of 6 cents a pound
until you get enough of those leaves
together, unmanufactured in any way,
to amount to 2,000 pounds and to fill
a hogshead, and then it is tobacco in
the natural leaf and can be sold by
whoever purchases or whoever wants
it. Both in the hands of the vendee
and in the hands of the vendor it is
absolutely free from tax, but the man
who raises that tobacco can not sell it
in small quantities unless he sells it
to some manufacturer or broker. The
result is that the tobacco that is
raised must go through this so-called
“process of manufacture.” Now, for
the purpose of smoking—pipe tobacco
•—the natural leaf is not improved by
manufacture, and the manufacturers
before the Finance Committee of the
Senate all admit that today the great
est problem they have to confront
them is how to make their tobacco as
much like the natural leaf as possible.
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
They admit that the cost of manufac
turing is not half a cent a pound, and
yet that tobacco, although manufac
tured at less than half a cent a pound
is sold at from 49 to 80 cents a pound
to the very man that raises it.
If the 6 cents tax did not exist and
there was no law preventing the far
mer from selling his tobacco in the
hand, one concern in Tennessee au
thorized me to make the statement
that it could handle 10,000 hogsheads
of the farmer’s tobacco for which
they could find a sale at home, that
they could ship it by the hundred
pounds wrapped up in bales to the
saw mills in Missouri, in Louisiana,
and in Mississippi, and that they
could sell it in small quantities in the
same way all over the South.
As.it is the only sale we have for our
tobacco, the only purchasers of 95
per cent of it are the Regies and the
American Tobacco Company. The
only force, the one agency that de
mands as its inexorable ultimatum of
the Republican party that this tax
shall remain, is the tobacco trust, and
I call upon you here today to let us
have a vote and to let us see who are
with the people and who are with the
trust. (Applause on the Democratic
side.)
I believe that the great majority of
the men upon that side are not with
this trust. The Committee on Ways
and Means time and again has report
ed this bill. No man has spoken for
the retention of this tax. No laborer,
no farmer, none of the sons of toil,
have asked for it. The insidious ma
chinations of James B. Duke and
those under his control, a few stool
pigeons posing as independents—they
are the only people who have asked
for it.
I heard my friend from Kansas
(Mr. Calderhead) talk about the prin
ciple of the tax upon luxuries. The
only reason you tax the luxury and
tax it as high as you do, is that the
men who indulge in the luxury
for it. I do not object to a tax on
manufactured tobacco —I do not care
if you make it 40 cents a pound. I
do not object to a dollar a gallon tax
on whiskey, and my people make it.
If men choose to chew tobacco and to
drink whiskey, both bad habits, they
can pay for it, but the man who
raises a pound of tobacco is as much
entitled to justice as the man who
raises a bushel of wheat. You have
no right to put a fax on the tobacco
grower, that you may fill the coffers
of the trust.
Now, I demand that this committee
to do one of two things; Either per
mit my amendment or defend your
refusal on the floor of this House. Do
not conceal a nameless outrage in the
body of this bill; do not put a thing
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, May 13, 1909
in there of which you are ashamed;
do not put a thing in there which
you know is wrong and will do a
grave injustice to 500,000 men and
then treat my appeals with silent con
tempt; do not refuse to do justice and
then refuse to defend the act of in
justice.
I interrupted my friend from Kan
sas (M iderhead). He said they
did not p ' to allow imported to
bacco to co.. n this country with
out a tax. i. a member of the
committee, and . H with all due
deference, that he "rly ignorant
of the whole subject, misappre
hended what I said, wh. a I think is
more probable. He says he objects
to the free importation of foreign to
bacco, and talks of this 6 cents tax as
if it were an import. There is not a
pound of tobacco in the Burley dis
trict or an ounce of tobacco in the
Black Patch that ever comes back in
to this country when exported. There
is not a pound of tobacco that is im
ported into this country that comes
directly or indirectly in competition
with it. Why, he was talking about
the Hamburg market. lam surprised
that a gentleman on the great Ways
and Means Committee should know
absolutely nothing about the tobacco
market. He talks about the Ham
burg tobacco competing with our own.
Hamburg is not a tobacco market.
Bremen is the.only open tobacco mar
ket in Europe. If he reads the con
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
STATUS OF THE COOPERS.
The Coopers, of Tennessee, will now
appeal to the Supreme Court of that
State in an effort to obtain a new
trial, but there seems to exist in the
minds of some of those who have fol
lowed the case closely considerable
doubt that the appellate court will
reverse the lower court.
Judge Hart, the trial judge, over
ruled the motion of counsel for the
WL’oopers to set aside the verdict and
order another trial, whereupon coun-
COMPLIMENTS OF "
TOM WATSON H WIRI 1 |
EDITOR OF K fe Jfl
Iml I 7NE
This is the knife which the Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions
to the magazine or the weekly* It’s a beauty.
sel followed the usual course and
petitioned for time in which to pre
pare bills of exception for presenta
tion to the appellate court. Judge
Hart will decide this point tomorrow.
There is scarcely any doubt that the
request will be granted.
It is said that counsel for the Coop
ers noted comparatively few excep
tions to the ruling of Judge Hart,
relying with mistaken confidence in
the acquittal of the accused by the
trial jury, whose verdict was evident
ly a surprise to the defense.
The Danville Register thinks there
will be considerable delay in the final
determin of this celebrated case,
but advises the public to be patient.
Continuing, it says of the defendants:
“They are entitled to every right
guaranteed to men accused or even
convicted, and no real friend of jus
tice desires to see them punished if it
is not just nor according to due pro
cess of law that the result is attained.
‘Due process of law’ is a precious con
stitutional guarantee which we would
take from no man, if we could. If
the Coopers are guilty and there has
oeen no error in the court’s rulings,
the verdict will stand, and the pris
oners will ultimately have to serve
their long sentences, unless executive
clemency is extended in their behalf.
There are many who predict confi
dently that Governor Patterson, a
close political and personal friend of
the Coopers, will pardon them after
a time. We are not of this number.
Governor Patterson dare not permit
his personal predilections to sway him
in the discharge of a responsible and
important duty. Such a course would
result in impeachment, if it did not
invite violence itself.”
While the accused, as our contem
porary truly says, have their rights,
which must be respected, it is also
true that the cause of justice has
much at stake in the final decision of
this case. It will set a precedent, and
establish a standard, that will influ
ence for good or for evil future trials
for homicide in Tennessee for years
to come. —Richmond Journal.
Price Five Cents