PAGE EIGHT
C>l)e 3effersontan
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Ct* Aofvfeffj< ouwcjfo 2
ATLANTA, GA., JANUARY 7, 1909.
To the Subscribers of the Jeffersonian
Magazine.
Incidental to a change of printing establish
ment on the first of the year, you may not have
received your magazine for January. If so, we
hope you will be patient, as any and every
mistake will be cheerfully rectified, and will
not occur again. It is almost impossible to
transfer mailing-list types and other details
connected with thousands of names without
SOME errors creeping in the first time a new
mailing department handles the work. Each
subscriber is appreciated as a personal friend,
and none is neglected through any careless
ness. The transfer has occasioned the entire
force of the Jeffersonians a great deal of
additional labor. In fact, the Christmas
holidays were not those of rest, but of putting
our shoulder to the wheel in the firm deter
mination to make things run right for 1909
and all the years to come. This being true,
we want your co-operation and take this
means to pledge our best service.
If some one of your neighbors who takes the
magazine, but not the Weekly Jeffersonian,
complains in your hearing that he hasn’t re
ceived his publication, we will esteem it a
favor if you will bring this notice to his at
tention.
H H
Probide, First, For Your Olvn People.
Oglethorpe, Ga., Dec. 21, 1908.
Dear Sir: I am an ardent supporter and a
great admirer of yours and a subscriber to both
Jeffersonians and wish to enter my protest,
with that of doubtless hundreds of others of
your readers, against that article in the Jef
fersonian of Dec. 17, entitled, “By What
Right?.” Coming, as it does, under the edi
torial department of your paper, one would
naturally suppose it was written by yourself.
If so, I beg to say that in my humble opinion
you made a bad mistake. Down here we all
bank on Tom Watson, and a fling from you
at so good a cause is calculated to do untold
harm. If you wrote it, it is the first thing that
I can now call to mind coming from your pen,
I could not heartily endorse.
Verv truly yours,
WILLIAM A. GREENE.
R. F. D. 4.
December 23, 1908.
Mr. William A. Greene,
My dear Friend: Yours received. lam the
guilty party who wrote, “By What Right?”
You may be sure that the editorial speaks my
conscientious convictions.
If you were reading the daily papers of New
York, Philadelphia, Washington, Baltimore,
and other large cities, as my editorial work re
quires me to do, you would have your heart
touched, just as mine is, by these daily sto
ries of pitiful want and the unrelieved poverty
3tffersottian
of our great cities. Do you know that in
every one of the large cities of this country
there are men, women and children who are
literally starving to death, freezing to death,
and committing suicide to. escape starvation?
Do you know that mothers are giving away
their children because they can’t feed them,
and there are instances where thev take their
babes from their breasts because they are
no longer able to give them nourishment, —
surrendering these little ones to those who are
able to support the lives of the wretched babes?
Do you know that there are thousands of
workmen in each one of our great cities who
cannot secure employment; who are ragged,
hungry and homeless wanderers upon the face
of the earth ? Are you aware of the fact that
abject want is driving hundreds of women
and girls into lives of vice as an escape from
death by starvation? Are you aware of the
fact that tens of thousands of boys and girls,
not only in the cities, but in the towns and
in the mountain districts of our country, are
growing up in the densest ignorance because
their parents have no money to send them to
school, and have no money with which to
clothe them even if there was a free school
within sight of the house where they live?
Do you know that there is, in these United
States, a systematic traffic in girls and young
women, and that the victims of this hideous
business are peddled off to the various houses
of ill-fame, just as negro slaves were formerly
sold? Do you know that in our larger cities
white women are kidnapped, and held in the
dens of negro fiends, for the gratification of
negro lust? Do you know that in every city
of this Christian land, an unprotected, inexpe
rienced girl, or young woman, has no more
chance to escape the night prowlers than a
pigeon would have in a cage of hawks, or “a
man overboard” would have among man-eat
ing sharks?
Do you know that our sweat-shops, our
mills, our mines, our department-stores, can
tell tales that might make angels weep and
devils laugh?
Do you know that the nightly bread-line in
New York City is such a ghastly exhibition of
human misery, hunger, nakedness, and despair,
that it melts the stoniest hearts?
Do you know anything ab’out the hopeless
ignorance and squalor of thousands of cabin
homes of our country people ; and do you know
anything of that moral debasement which
causes men to band together and beat a young
white wife, to compel her to go back to the
arms of an old and drunken husband?
Do you know that human life has become the
cheapest thing on the American Continent;
that the butcheries of our railroads excite no
indignant attention; that the sacrifice of men,
women and children to the Moloch of Profit
in our industrial establishments inspires no
determined effort to stop it; that in the one
city, New York, there are three, or more, mur
dered human beings for every day in the
year? In fact, the railroads, the automobiles,
the assassins, the suicides, the criminal doc
tors, the • bawdy-house keepers, the gambling
hells, the drinking saloons; the dangerous em
ployments—mines, steel mills, sugar refineries,
tunnelling, sulphur works, etc. —are destroying
the human species, in America, at a rate that
surpasses anything that can be found else
where on the face of the earth ? An actual
state of war would hardly cause a greater loss
of human life.
My point is that we ought to take care of
our own helpless, BEFORE we send to China
to open up commissaries and furnish food and
clothing and fuel and medicine to the poor
people of China. I think we ought to send
every one of our own boys and girls to kinder
gartens, common schools and colleges BE-
FORE we take our millions of dollars over to
China, and other foreign countries, and es
tablish kindergartens, common schools and col
leges for the free education of the heathen.
You ought to be aware of the fact that if
Chinese missionaries, or Hindoo missionaries,
or Mohammedan missionaries should come to
New York, Chicago or Philadelphia and open
up. commissaries and schools, proposing to fur
nish with clothing, food, homes, medicine and
fuel the poor people who are prowling around
the slums of our own cities, these wretched
creatures of our own flesh and blood, driven
by their own desperate necessities, would go
through the form of embracing those foreign
religions in order to relieve their physical nec
essities.
As I said in the editorial, it would be a glo
rious charity and philanthropy to do such for
eign work as this if we did not have such a
vast amount of poverty, ignorance, vice and
crime here at home which could be relieved
were we to broaden intelligently and systemat
ically the work of our home missions and SUP
PLEMENT THE HOME MISSION FUNDS
WITH THOSE LAVISH OUTLAYS
WHICH WE NOW MAKE FOR FOREIGN
MISSIONS.
H it
Ex-Gobernor Vardaman Annoyed.
When our friend Vardaman’s term of gu
bernatorial office expired, he stepped up higher
and became the editor of a tip-top weekly pa
per.
But he isn’t altogether happy. He com
plains, with some bitterness, that printers and
proof readers manpie his editorials with typo
graphical errors.
Our heart-felt sympathies are with Varda
man in this matter, for we know just how he
feels I
Did we not “fall down” in the effort to call
Israel Putnam by the affectionate nickname
of “Old Put”? To cur horror and amazement,
printers and proofreaders conspired against us,
and made us call him “Old Pot.”
If we write something about Florida and al
lude to “the inland route,” doth it not come
back to us in cold print “island route”?
If we make reference to “friends of Wat
son,” hath it not happened that printers and
proofreaders added another touch to the
“copy, 4 ” and thus made us say “friends of Wat
son’s.”
As to having the proper name, Gouver
neur, spelled right,—in a reference to Gouver
neur Morris, for instance, —we long since
abandoned hope. No matter how hard we tp
to preserve the French form, we fail. T
printers feel it to be a professional duty
change Gouverneur to Governor, every tirffie,
and they do it lovingly and perseveringlV.
During the Bryanite. campaign we received
several urgent letters from W. J. B.V Finance
Committee, pleading for sponduli\. We could
not ignore these polite and insistent calls for
cash ; and upon receipt of each petition we pub
lished courteous replies. ;n one of these, we
took occasion to say to T'Jajor Moses Wetmore,
and his fellow Commit 'teemen that, owing to
the low price of cotton and the unsettled con
dition of the stock ’market, we were not able
to contribute anything to the Bryanite Cam
paign fund.
The printers omitted the word not, and thus
it was made to appear that we were putting
our ducats into the Bryan dough bag.
But we rarely-take up a newspaper that we
do not see similar errors.
Only the other day the Atlanta Constitution
reported Joe Bailey, of Texas, as characteriz
ing Roosevelt’s qharges against Congress as
“wanton words.” \
The ingenious prfnter thought a sub-headline
would look well at the top of that paragraph,