a man is pictured holding and scourging a
hog; and the hog is represented as crying out,
“Good Lard!”
Is that a reverent picture to carry to a Bap
tist service? On the back of the program is
printed a request that the recipients of the
program preserve it, and “bring it with you”
to “the Concert”. Therefore, I guess all the
“brethren and sistern” carried that hog along
—with its sacrilegious paraphrase on the
name of the Lord.
Say, Parson, what are we al] coming to,
anyway ? I notice that the Rev. 11. A. Hatch,
of the National Missionary Board, has been
out to Oklahoma, ladling wisdom around to
the benighted. Rev. Hatch A. Hatch told
the Oklahomans the following amazing yarn:
“Japan was able to win its fight with Russia
simply because missionaries to Japan instilled
sanitary ideas, which were adopted in the Army
and made the soldiers proof against disease and
unhealthy conditions. The Russians did not have
this sanitary education.”
Well, if that doesn’t beat Bobtail, I'm a
Hottentot! Heavens alive ! Why didn’t the
missionaries give the Russians a square deal,
and teach them how to become “proof against
disease”? The Russians are Christians: the
Japs are not: yet the Rev. Hatch wends his
way from luxurious missionary headquarters
in New York to the great, developing empire
of Oklahoma, and bolsters up the cause of un
scriptural, unnatural foreign missions by
confessing that the missionaries taught the
heathen Japs what had never been taught the
Christian Russians!
This awful statement (which by the way,
is not true,) involves the confession that the
missionaries taught the Japs what they had
failed to teach the American Army. All the
world knows that during the Spanish-Ameri
can War our heavy fatalities were due almost
entirely to pestilential, unsanitary camps, and
to rotten food.
The mental and spiritual point of view of
the foreign missionary must be terribly per
verted when he can boast that the mission
aries did for a heathen nation what they neg
lected to do for their own.
(The truth of the matter, as to Japan’s
sanitary system, is, that she not only had a
large number of her carefully selected young
men educated in Europe and America, but
that she sent her best men to study the meth
ods in Western hospitals, surgical institutes,
etc. Having learned sanitation, as a science.
Japan applied it to practical purposes.)
Socialism and the Home
Dear Sir:—Please state in the next issue of
s. your Jeffersonian how Socialism would, should it
become a ruling power, affect the home.
Yours truly,
HQMER LAMAR THOMPSON.
Young Harris, Georgia.
ANSWER.
Will have to do this in the series of Maga
zine articles, and w T ould prefer not to go into
it now.
Will say, however, that when ceremonial
marriage is abolished, as the Socialists pro
pose, few wives could hold their husbands for
life; and few children could identify their
fathers. Socialism would relieve the husband
of the ddty of supporting the wife and child;
and these would owe no definite, prescribed
duties to husbands and fathers. The State
would take the place of the Head of the
Family. To the State, wives would look for
their maintenance. To the State, children
would look for support and education.
Besides, Socialism is antagonistic to the
private ownership of any land. Consequent
ly, all the foundations on which homes are
built would be destroyed.
Such papers as The Appeal to Reason, and
other Socialist publications intended for con
sumption by country people, are lying, shame
fully, on this matter of the Home, and of the
private ownership of land. Eugene Debs has
C>be Jeffersonian
disgraced himself by colluding with Warren
and Wayland to deceive the old Pops on this
point. Socialism does not admit of the pri
vate ownership of any of the “means of pro
duction”—and land is surely one of the main
sources of wealth. T. E. W.
Is Your Wife Cooking and Wash
ing Dishes for Negro Men ?
It is said that the Negro Secret Societies
have been so successful in pushing their de
mands on the whites that the wives of the
farmers who hire negroes have to cook their
victuals, set tables for them, and wash the
dishes after the insolent black rascals have
finished stuffing.
IS IT SO?
Have white men allowed the black men
to drag their wives down to this?
If it is true, it is a disgraceful state of af
fairs. Rather than allow my wife to do
menial service for a negro man, Vd go and
work for him myself. If I could not run my
business without making my wife the kitchen
scullion of a lot of buck niggers, I’d let the
business go to the dogs.
It is a burning shame that we white people
of the South have permitted these Negro Se
cret Societies to inch up on us, as they have
done.
We can easily put an end to it. All we
need is concert of action. Let the farmers of
each community come together, and settle it
among themselves as to how things are to go.
Then take an oath of fidelity to that agree
ment, and enforce it.
The negroes can’t stand against the whites,
if the whites are united.
The Jefferson Club would be a good place
to discuss such mtaters in.
If your wife is setting tables for negro
men, and washing dishes for them, and you
don't do something—to save her from that
degradation, you are not worth the powder
and lead it would take to kill you.
As to Debating Foreign Missions
Mr. Watson says he would be willing to debate
with William J. Bryan. Yes, we understand. As
well might Goliath have sent word to Saul, “If
you will let me select for you your champion, I
will fight him.” Mr. Bryan is a noble, good man;
but the one man who is competent to speak on
mission methods is Mr. Ellis, who has personally
investigated the conditions on mission grounds.
And with this man, Mr. Watson declines to de
bate. —The Presbyterian of the South.
Is a verbal debate the only and the best
way to discuss a great question? Could such
a vast subject as Foreign Missions be satis
factorily handled in one speech?
Would it not be far better to allow me to
be heard in The Christian Index, The Wes
leyan Christ tan Advocate, or some other de
nominational organ? I am perfectly willing
to discuss the matter with Ellis, Broughton,
or anybody else—but I do not intend to have
a wordy battle with any clergyman, or any
paid partisan of the “Boards”.
In either of the two Jeffersonians, any one
who desires to defend prevailing methods can
get all the space he wants. This includes Dr.
Broughton and Mr. Ellis.
In the March number of Watson''s Maga
zine will be printed a long, strong letter, at
tacking my position—also my reply to same.
Have You Registered?
That new law is a trap set for the unwary.
Particularly is it constructed with a view to
depriving the country voter and the poor man
of his ballot.
If you have not already put your name on
the registration list, GO AND DO IT.
You must not only pay your taxes, but you
must write your name, yourself, in the Voter’s
book.
Land Monopoly: Usury
Dear Sir: —In your writings you make some
assertions, that I do not think you have proved
beyond reasonable doubt, and I do not believe that
they can be proved, and I will allow myself to
call your attention to it, because I think I can
help you and your great’and good cause more by
calling your attention to mistakes than by saying
amen to all, and only applaud. I firmly believe
the Good Book when it says: “Truth shall save
you.” This contains my fundamental principle.
I have been a strong People’s Party man ever
since the party was formed, but only because I
believed their doctrines to be true, and for that
reason and that alone will I belong to the party
in the future.
You say, for instance, that we have no land
monopoly in this country, and that it is impossi
ble to get one. The fact is that we have got many
of them, even in this State of Washington, and
some of them have land adjoining my own land;
it is taken fraudulently and common mortals
have been trying to take it legally, but have been
chased off. I will name some of the syndicates
practicing land monopoly on this coast: Puget
Mill Co., Blackley Mill Co., Hadlock Mill Co.,
Weierhauser Syndicate, Rockefeller Syndicate,
Union Pacific Railroad, etc. The Government is
trying now to take back large tracts from Union
Pacific, and that fact also proves that they have it.
You also defend interest on money for several
reasons, but also because it has helped your ma
terial interest to hire money and pay interest. It
does not appear to me to be the best logic to as
sert that a thing must be good for other indi
viduals, and for society at large, and morally
justified, because it promotes the material wel
•fare of some individuals. By that reasoning, all
the obnoxious trust methods might be defended
The Bible ought to be the chief authority in set
tling the interest question. In the Bible I think
that you will see plainly two things among others
relative to this, namely, first, that the Bible no
where distinguishes between interest and usury;
second, that God did not allow the Jews to take
usury from any one except from such people that
God permitted the Jews to ruin, also by other
means. They were not allowed to take usury
from their brothers, and in the New Testament
we should all be brothers, according to the Bible.
The book “Usury” advertised in your paper is
good to read on this subject, and if you can and
will read some German books on the same subject,
I will gladly tell you where to get them.
You sometimes call money “standard of value”.
Now, I do not think that anything in this world
can justly be called “standard of value”. It is no
more correct to say that a dollar measures the
value of a thing bought, than to say that the
thing bought measures the value of the dollar.
Values must be estimated by some mental opera
tion inside of man, and this estimation can then
be expressed in dollars and cents.
In general, my wife and myself estimate your
writings and opinions very highly, and if we had
money we would send your papers to libraries and
individuals on a large scale. I like very much
to see the great light from your head, and still
more do I like to see the light from your heart
in the shape of honesty and sincerity, and the re
spect with which you speak about the Bible. The
greatest fault about individual and social life is
that we do not live according to the true and
good Bible. May God help you and all in good
and noble work. Most respectfully,
C. JOERGENSON.
Stanwood, Washington, Route 1.
ANSWER.
If The Jeffersonian were a narrow
gauge paper, it would not print letters, etc.,
which so fully give the other side. We be
lieve, however, that no just cause was ever
hurt by a fair discussion: consequently we
give much space to those who wish to combat
our views.
Our Washington friend, whose name indi
cates his descent from the fine old Scandi
navian stock, mistakes the true meaning of
the word Monopoly.
When we say that a man monopolizes a
thing, we mean that he alone owns or con
trols it. Thus, a newspaper which buys the
Associated Press service, for a certain city,
has a monopoly of it. Others wishing to
make use of the dispatches sent to that city
by the Associated Press Company must go to
the said newspaper.
Suppose that you wish to purchase a lino
type machine, can you enter the market and
secure it from one of several competitors, as
you could if you wanted to buy apples, flour,
shoes, or hats? No. You would have to go
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE