TRO JI THE ‘BLUE RIDGE CIRCUIT
Marietta, Ga., April 23, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: We notice in the Jeffersonian a
letter from our highly esteemed friend, Hon.
Thaddeus Pickett, in which he attributes to
Hon. N. A. Morris, candidate for the judge
ship of the Blue Ridge Circuit, hostility to the
Populists, and in proof of this fact, states an
effort of Mr. Morris, as a member of the State
Executive Committee, to so formulate the
rules of that body as to exclude the Populists
from voting in the coming primary on June
4, &nd in contrast states that Mr. Foster was
the friend of the Populists and had protected
their rights in this matter.
Our good friend, Mr. Pickett, with his char
acteristic boldness and integrity of purpose,
acting on the “facts” as he sees them, sub
mits his facts to you, as the known and trust
ed leader of the Populists and invokes your
aid and infleunce with the Populists of this
Circuit in behalf of Mr. Foster as against Mr.
Morris.
Mr. Pickett’s letter and your editorial are
directed alike to the Populists of Cobb and
of every other county in the Circuit. It is
for this reason that we deem it our duty to
submit to you our reply.
It is well known that in no part of the state
is your influence more potent than with the
Populists of Cobb. In the dark days of the
past when we were struggling for the rights of
the common people, the producers and wage
earners, and to correct what we believed then
and now to be flagrant abuses, and simply
asked and sought the rights and opportunities
of every other class of our citizenship, we
were persecuted here as in no other county in
the state and you ever stood by us a beacon
light, guide and defender. It is but natural
under these circumstances that your words,
council and advice would exercise great in
fluence over us.
But, Mr. Watson, we ask that you remem
ber that living in the county of Cobb, the
home of both Mr. Morris and Mr. Foster, both
of whom were active participants against us
in the “Dark days of the past,” and there
fore carefully scrutinized and watched by us.
up to this good hour, that we have had
abundant opportunity to know the facts for
ourselves as to the position, acts and bear
ings of Mr. Morris and Mr. Foster to the
Populists of Cobb, even better than wiser men
living elsewhere, and not in a position to know
the facts themselves, but dependent upon the
statements of others.
We regret exceedingly that anything should
have occurred to make it necessary for us to
even allude to past differences and conflicts,
when we had hoped that the coming together *
of the great body of white citizens through
out the state would correct all abuses and re
gain and re-establish on a firm and immovable
basis, the principles of Jeffersonian Democ
racy, assuring “Equal rights and privileges to
all, with special privileges to none,” and a
common and equal right to every white citi
zen to participate in and express his opinion
in every matter and thing on the stump or at
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the ballot box affecting his rights and the
common welfare, as we believed had been ac
complished in the last gubernatorial election.
But now that the issue has been made and
forced upon us in the election of a judge, nho
is to administer, expound and execute the
laws under which we are governed, and in
view of the usurpation and abuse of this tre
mendous power so prevalent, we are not at
liberty to withhold our opinion as to wb ) is
for us, and who against us, for in our judg
ment there is no two sides in this contest.
Briefly and concisely stated as we see and
know such facts as come within our own
knowledge, Mr. Morris and Mr. Foster were
both our implacable enemies and the heel of
both on our necks, both were at war with all
for which the Alliance and Populism stood,
as expounded and taught by yourself and Mr.
Pickett, with this difference only: Morris
with his characteristic boldness and intrepid
spirit fought us in the open, concealing noth
ing by methods or words. Mr. Foster was
more subtle, more dangerous and hurtful in
every way and our first information of a
change came after his candidacy for judge.
In public and in private, in the columns cf
his paper, which he absolutely owns and
which to that time was supported by his par
ty supporters, he frankly and unequivocally
endorsed you, by name, and stated that you
were one of the greatest and wisest expounders
of political and economical questions of this
age.
Mr. Morris is not less pronounced as to
the right of the white citizens to control the
Judiciary, and especially the judgeship, which
he purposed to seek and for which he is now
a candidate.
In this matter he has been consistent in his
contention that every white citizen, not ex
pressly debarred by law, whose rights to
life, liberty and property should be passed
upon by the presiding judge, should have and
exercise the privilege and voice in selecting
that judge at the ballot box. In this matter
he has been absolutely consistent, outspoken,
no secret or whisper and it is irreconcilable
to the statement that he had opposed the
right of the Populists to vote in the coming
primary. We accept Mr. Morris’ statement
as contained in the enclosed editorial, with
the conviction that both yourself and Mr.
Pickett would fully agree with us had you
been citizens of Cobb, seen and know what we
know. We will support Mr. Morris.
W. P. BELLINGER.
J. P. STEPHENS.
J. H. STEPHENS.
S. D. MOON.
D. C. MOON.
R. D. MOORE.
C. T. BROWN.
REV. JOHN RAKESTRAW.
W. I. BULLARD. >
J. M. SORRELLS.
J. S. VAUGHAN.
H. A. DUPREE.
J. M. DORSEY.
G. W. ANDERSON.
J. L. BROOKS.
A .R. MCTYRE.
J. W. COX.
J. P. JOINER.
J. D. PERKERSON.
R. D. BRYANT.
W. B. BLAIN.
M. L. GREEN.
T. T. ALEXANDER.
A. H. TALLEY.
WM. PHILLIPS.
(Note: It gives the Jeffersonian pleasure
to publish the foregoing. We know Gen.
Wm. Phillips, A. H. Talley and other sign
ers of the paper so well that we feel con
vinced of the entire sincerity of their state
ments.
The Jeffersonian has acted impartially in
giving each side the opportunity to present
its views, and it has not the slightest desire
to interfere in any way with that freedom of
choice which belongs of right to the people
of the Blue Ridge Circuit. Mr. Morris is to
be congratulated upon having won the confi
dence of such good Populists as those who
have come to his defense. There are no bet
ter men in this state, or in anv other state.
—T. E. W.)
ARE VALUED AT $93,821,600.
The governor is in receipt of a partial re
port from Commissioner of Horticulture F. A.
Huntley dealing with the records of his office
to the beginning of the present season of
1908. Mr. Huntley states that the very gen
eral lack of inspection service has made it
difficult to secure the necessary data for a
complete report, but he has the work under
such headway that he hopes to cover the sub
ject in a fuller manner in a later report.
From the information gathered the report
shows a total of 71,162 acres planted to ap
ples, with 5,337,094 trees, 6,504 acres of pears,
with 351,892 trees, 10,630 acres of peaches,
with 1,392,700 trees; 7,434 acres of cherries,
with 357,674 trees; and 7,977 acres of plums
and prunes, with 1,044,946 trees. In addition
to the foregoing there are 133,883 trees of
apricots, quinces, nectarines, almonds and
English walnuts. The total number of acres
in the state devoted to the raising of small
fruits is 12,325 at the beginning of the year
1908, the value of the orchards in the state
was $93,821,600.
Mr. Huntley further reports that he is form
ulating plans for a state horticultural exhibit
at the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific exposition on a
scale commensurate with the great importance
of this industry in the state. —Paseo (Wash.)
Express.
Our farmer friends would do well to take
careful note of the above statement that the
orchards of Washington are valued at ninety
three millions of dollars. While it is true
that Washington is an unusually good fruit
state it is likewise true that every state of
the Union is adapted to certain kinds of
fruit, and the development of the fruit indus
try in each state would add enormously, both
to the comfort and prosperity of the farmers.
PAGE THREE