that Fred Warren, Eugene Debs, J. A. Way
land, Upton Sinclair, Victor Berger, Gaylord
Wilshire, Medill, of Chicago, Robert Hunter
and Bolton Hall sign and publish in the Ap
peal, for three months, the following state
ment :
(1) It is not true that Socialism stands
for the abolition of the present marriage sys
tem, and the substitution therefor of free
love, —that is, a mating of man and woman,
without written license and formal ceremony,
upon the declaration that they love each other,
and mean to live together as man and wife.
We do not say that mutual love, of itself,
constitutes marriage, in the sight of God, and
justifies cohabitation as man and wife, with
out further ceremony than a mere announce
ment of the mutual love, and the desire to
live together. We do not claim that this in
formal mating can be undone at the will of
either party, at any time, and without any
formal divorcement. Socialism does not teach
that either party to this marriage may dis
solve it, without securing in some way the
consent of society.
(2) Socialism does not teach the equality
of races, nor does it believe in the industrial,
political and social equality of the whites and
the blacks, Caucasians and negroes.
(3) Socialism does not mean that all the
land shall be nationalized. On the contrary,
it means that each citizen may own his own
home, and his own farm, and that his private
estate in land may be sold at the pleasure of
the owner, and another one bought; or may be
willed to, or inherited by, the wife and chil
dren of the owner.'
Now, that is a fairway to prove who is
right about what Socialism means. The
names selected are those of prominent, rep
resentative Socialists. They can easily circu
late the “round robin,” and put their names
to it. Then the Appeal can publish.
I JUST DARE THEM TO DO IT!
® ® gj
What Is Mr. Taft Paid to Do?
We pay President Taft $75,000 per year.
That amounts to $6,250 per month; or
$1,562.50 per week; or $223.21 per day, in
cluding Sunday. Those are good wages, don’t
you think ?
During the prolonged vacation which was
taken on the New England coast, Mr. Taft’s
salary ran right along, two hundred and twen
ty-three dollars a day.
Vacation was no sooner over than golf and
festivities were succeeded by sumptuous trav
elling in a special, with festivities and chin
music galore.
Apparently, the President has no control
whatever over his own administration. He
allows a choice assortment of corporation
lawyers to boss the job. The government is a
mere Wall Street adjunct.
Poor Charles Crane received verbal instruc
tions from Taft to make as many speeches as
possible and to give it to them hot. Taft
himself was garrulously gabbling in away
that almost made Peerless resemble a dumb
man. So Crane, poor fellow, took Taft at
his word, and began to gabble with earnest,
imitative garrulity. The President was pleas
ed, but Secretary Knox, the Pennsylvania
Railroad man, was offended. Without a word
to Taft, this little sawed-off “statesman”,
Knox, took Crane’s scalp by telegraph. Taft
was not consulted at all.
The President paused long enough in his
gabbling and guzzling to meekly acquiesce
in what Knox had done.
In the Ballinger-Pinchot case, Mr. Taft
would not even read enough of the record to
learn the main facts. He endorsed Ballinger
and bragged on Pinchot, and smiled the ugly
dispute away.
It seems to me that Taft’s stunt is, to
soothe the people while they are being skinned
by silch “laws” as that Aldrich abomination.
3effersonlan
He is setting a bad example. It is an as
tonishing neglect of duty; a most disagreeable
exhibition of levity, and lack of purpose to
do anything for the masses, excepting hand
shakes, everlasting smiles, and continuous
gabbling and stuffing.
Mr. Taft’s chin is too weak, and he thinks
too much of his belly. A bishopric would
suit him better than the presidency does.
®l ®| !Sj
The Merchant Marine League
Who puts up the money for the Merchant
Marine League, of Ohio, which for several
years has been broadcasting the country with
literature and correspondence in favor of the
Marc Hanna-Gallinger-Aldrich-Cannon Ship
Subsidy ?
Ever since 1904, this League has been ham
mering away to open up communication be
tween the shipyards, transcontinental rail
roads and Steel Trust, on the one part, and
your national treasury on the other. This
four years of continuous campaigning must
have cost a big sum of money.
Whose was it?
I call on the League to publish a list of
the contributors, and the amount given by
each.
Who represents the League in Georgia ?
Mr. Robert J. Lowry, of Atlanta, the Repub
lican and national banker. The last time I
was in Washington City (winter of 1907),
Mr. Cortelyou, Secretary of the Treasury,
showed me a list of the banks which had free
use of our public funds, and at that time Bob
Lowry had $197,000 of it! How much he has
at present, the League should tell &s.
Who started this raid on your national
treasury? That apostle of purity in politics,
the late Marcus A. Hanna.
Who are its most prominent and persistent
champions? The stand-pat Republicans who
revise the tariff and leave a duty of one hun
dred and sixty-five per cent, on blankets. The
rascals who are pushing the Ship Subsidy
are the very same fellows that allowed the
Trusts to come into the secret meetings of
Aldrich’s committee-room, and state and get
what they These are the men who
actually increased the duties on cotton goods,
when those duties already compel us to pay
two and three prices for clothing and cloth.
How could you expect any legislation of
the right kind from such men as Joe Cannon,
John Dalzell, Reed Smoot. Hale and Gallin
ger and Aldrich ?
Os course one of the first things the League
had to do was to explain how the United
States lost the magnificent merchant marine
which they had before the era of high tariffs.
And what do you suppose the explanation
is ?
On page 15 of the American Flag for Sep
tember, 1909, we find the headline:
“Destruction of Marine Planned”
Then the League “historian” proceeds to re
late how Jefferson Davis and other Southern
leaders, anticipating secession and war, con
spired with British agents to destroy the
American Marine!!!
The League has the astounding effrontery
to charge this treason on Jefferson Davis,
when he was a member of the Cabinet of Pres
ident Pierce. The League declares that this
‘‘plot” of the Southern leaders “was not per
fected in 1855,” but that these long-headed,
evil-minded Southerners kept on scheming
and conspiring against the merchant marine,
—having in view, always, secession and civil
war. The League, of course, mentions Rob
ert Toombs as one of the arch-conspirators.
The names of Davis and Toombs are used
for a sinister purpose. Those names are as
unpopular in the East, North and West, as
the names of Stanton and Sherman are at the
South.
It is almost impossible to deal patiently
with lies of the sort one finds the Hanna-
Cannon-Aldrich League is circulating.
If Robert J. Lowry, of Atlanta, and D. A.
Tomkins, of Charlotte, N. C., and Geo. W.
Brunson, Jr., of Greenville, S. C., have the
true Southern blood in their veins, they will
denounce the outrageous slander of the
League. It is the lowest, meanest, vilest at
tempt to bolster up a bad measure with sec
tional prejudice.
The League virtually says to the North,
“Rebels and traitors of the South formed a
plot with British agents to destroy the mer
chant marine in order that secession might
succeed. Protective tariffs did not drive the
American flag from the seas. Southern rebels
like Jefferson Davis, Reuben Davis, and Rob
ert Toombs did it. Now in the name of
pure patriotism, reinstate the merchant ma
rine with bounties from the common treas
ury.”
How amazing that this vicious and foul
slander should have provoked no resentment
in the South.
The League accuses Jefferson Davis of start
ing the plot at the time when secession was
not even in the air. The South and the Dem
ocratic party were in the saddle, and fully
expected to remain there. Mr. Davis opposed
secession down to the very last. At the time
he was in Pierce’s Cabinet there wasn't a
stronger Union man in America. He was
planning and mapping out routes for the
transcontinental railways. He was actually
making the surveys from the great trunk lines
which were to fasten the Union together more
securely.
As to Robert Toombs, he and Mr. Steph
ens had just made one of the grandest of
fights in Georgia against the disunionists, and
they had won a decisive victory ’
Talk about Toombs and Davis planning
the war during the administrations of Pierce
and Buchanan! Why, these Southern lead
ers, in 1855, no more dreamed of the sudden
disruption of their great party, at the Charles
ton convention of 1860, than they suspected
that Jefferson Davis would one day be a pris
oner in irons at Fortress Monroe.
As to long-headed preparations for civil
war, I thought that every well-informed child
knew that the seceding States made no prep
arations whatever. Why? Because it was
not believed that the North would attack the
South; and the South had no thought of at
tacking the North.
Toombs was quite sincere when he declared
that he would drink all the blood that would
be shed. That was his vivid way of express
ing his belief that the North would not in
vade the South.
Is it not a shameful thing that these Ship
Subsidy thieves should play on the passions
and prejudices of the North in this manner?
®l ® ®
Brother R. C. Cleckler Has Dam
aged the Cause
You can see for yourself, that in exposing
prevailing methods in Foreign Missions, I am
at a great disadvantage. They have scores
of periodicals whose sole aim is to brag on
the system, and exaggerate the good it is do
ing. Besides, nearly all of the hundreds of
denomination papers and magazines are fas
tened to the thing. They have to uphold the
system as a matter of policy, even though
they have their doubts and misgivings. As
to the secular press, it does not care to get on
the opposition side; the subscribers would
quit in large numbers. (The people who be
lieve that toleration is practised in this or
any other country are sadly mistaken.)
Inasmuch as the denomination! papers
refuse to publish the other side, as I do,
their readers must consider me an awfully
wicked sinner and a most voluminous liar.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE