PAGE TWENTY-TWO
The Rebuke and Its Lesson
The precipitate and arbitrary exer
cise of the pardon power in the Coop
er case, coupled with the reflection
upon the Supreme Court, has brought
upon Tennessee’s Chief Executive a
signal rebuke from the press of the
country. Papers of all sections and
all parties have joined in a chorus of
condemnation. The very few excep
tions to this well-nigh uniform roll
speak in a tone of apology, rather
than approval. The act is nowhere
openly applauded. Coupled with the
criticism of the Governor, some jour
nals have arraigned the State, and
many of them decry the public senti
ment existing here that has made
possible the deeds of violence and the
failure of the law.
These criticisms, for the most part,
have come of no misapprehension of
facts, nor are they founded, as has
been alleged, on sensational tele
grams sent out of the State. They
relate directly to the pardon the
Governor so hastily issued, that was
accurately and fully reported in the
Associated Press dispatches. They
are based on the knowledge of the
case gained from reports of the trial
that the Associated Press and other
reliable and important news agencies
gave to the world.
It is impossible that the people of
Tennessee should ignore this storm
of reproof or pass with light concern
such stinging criticism. It is the
voice of the national press and it
rings through the length and breadth
of the whole land. From Boston to
Los Angeles, from Seattle to Tampa,
there has been a visible sense of
shock and the press only echoes an
outburst of popular disapproval.
This is too serious a matter with
Tennesseeans to he used for any po
litical purpose. It is a matter that
closely concerns the good name of
the State, and in that grave aspect
alone should it be considered.
As a representative Tennessee
journal that has kept itself free from
the asperities of the factional strife
that has disturbed the people of Ten
nessee, the Banner feels that it can
speak from a disinterested point of
the State’s honor and good name
which all good citizens without re
gard to either party or faction should
be interested in maintaining. What
has been done cannot be undone.
Let us regret, explain and apologize
as we may, but from this storm of
stinging reproach, of which Tennes
see's Governor is now -the focus, and
which the State must necessarily
share, we should assuredly be called
to an earnest and wholesome retro
spect and learn some valuable les
sons.
Tennessee was very much in the
limelight during the past year be
cause of deeds of shocking violence
A WATSON KNIFE FREE
Send us five trial three-monthsisubscriptionsito The Jeffersonian at
Twenty-five Cents each, and we will send you our Watson
Knife free. Use this coupon. Write plainly.
NAME POST-OFFICE R.F.D. STATE
SendeY.
Post-Office.
Mail this, with $1.25, to The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
committed within her borders. The
Reelfoot Lake outrage, that had been
preceded by the Night Rider trage
dies, was followed close by the kill
ing of Ex-Senator Carmack. It re
quires no sensational embellishment
of these deplorable events to focus
the attention of the general public
on this State, and when after prompt
jury verdicts of guilty in two cases
the prosecutions have in the end
come to naught, it is not strange
that the outside world cries in con
demnation of an arbitrary setting
aside of the judgment of the Supreme
Court. It behooves Tennesseeans of
all classes, of all parties and all fac
tions to consider seriously and calm
ly what are the conditions existing
here that have produced this storm
of criticism and reproach and what
can be done to remedy it. We need
less politics and more patriotism in
Tennessee. We need greater regard
for the common weal and less follow
ing of the fortunes of political fa
vorites. We need to treat with less
passion and more reason the public
questions that are left to the people
to decide. We need to eschew in
temperate speech and action, to dis
countenance personalities and unrea
soning abuse. Beyond this and more
important still, we need to frown on
law violation, to abhor bloodshed
and to hold human life in the sacred
regard that the proper instincts of
mankind have invested it. And
above all, we need to uphold the law.
Without law civilization is impossi
ble and under a government where
the people make their own laws the
overthrow or non-observance of law
means anarchy.
Let the sentiment at home con
cerning the Governor’s action be di
vided as it may, we cannot afford to
ignore, but should respect the prac
tically unanimous verdict of the out
side world. Never before in the one
hundred and fourteen years of its
existence has the State of Tennessee
or the head of its government suf
fered such burning rebuke. We are
passing under the rod and we should
submit with wisdom to its correcting
influence. —Nashville Banner.
SOUND SLEEP
Is indispensable to good health.
Short, warm nights and beg-bugs go
together. You may not be able to
control the short, warm nights, but
you can get a hustle on Mr. Bed-bug.
The remedy is this: To one quart of
gasoline add one teaspoonful of
and apply this mixture to all parts
infested by Mr. Bug, and you can
then sleep unmolested until the baby
cries for a drink of water, or the
owls get after the chickens. The in
gredient omitted above is my secret,
151)e □foffersonlaft
which I will let you “on to” for only
25 cents, coin, money order or post
age stamps, and which you would not
be without for ten dollars. It can
be bought at any drug store, or from
any physician, for 5 cents, making
the quart of sure exterminator of
Great Clubbing Offer
TRI-WEEKLY CONSTITUTION, 52 weekssl.oo
UNCLE REMUS’ HOME MAGAZINE, 12 months 1.00
THE JEFFERSONIAN, 52 weeks, or WATSON’S MAGAZINE,
12 months 1.00
Total, regular prices3.oo
OUR PRICE FOR ALL, $1.50.
The Tri-Weekly Constitution gives all the news. It is the best farm
and home paper in the South. It comes three times a week, one hun
dred and fifty-six times a year.
We all know Uncle Remus’ Home Magazine, with its bright stories,
its home departments and pages for little folks.
Watson’s Jeffersonian will be a red-hot wire this year. The po
litical editorials will be of tremendous interest and importance to the
South.
Watson’s Magazine will contain Mt. Watson’s series of articles on
the Roman Catholic Church, and his next great historical work —“The
Story of the South and West.’*
LISTEN! Tri-Weekly Constitution for a year, Uncle Remus’ Home
Magazine for a year, and your choice of either of the Watson publica
tions, for a year, ALL FOR $1.50. If you want both the Jeffersonian
and Watson’s Magazine, the price for all is $2.50-
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
the issue
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge of writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 monthssl.so
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 monthsl.oo
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 monthsl.oo
Totals3.so
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
bed-bugs cost you about 10 cents.
A recipe for making one of the best
liniments you ever saw will be sent
free to all who send 25 cents for the
recipe for preparing the bed-bug rem
edy. Address
R. E. THOMPSON, Toomsuba, Miss.