adopt those four planks, and put them in
your national platform.
I DARE YOU TO DO IT!
They’d shatter your party like a bolt of
lightning, and you know it.
H. ® H
One Missionary Who Tells the
Whole Truth
The Reverend August H. Bach served
twelve years as a missionary in China. His
station was Canton. He has recently re
turned to this country, and is now at Los An
geles, California.
The Rev. Dr. Corey had better get hold of
him, and hush him up, as he did Dr. Paul
Wakefield. Like Wakefield, Mr. Bach is say
ing things that “hurt the cause”.
The Los Angeles Times , of September 12,
1909, contained a lengthy statement made by
the Rev. August Bach. A gentleman of that
city has been so kind as to clip the interview,
and send it to me.
In the words of the late lamented Norton,
“it lies before me on my desk as I write”.
The first words of the Rev. August Bach
are these:
“China will never be Christianized.”
What? Must we part with our fondest il
lusions? How can we lose hope for that dear
distracting old China, where we missionaries
have salaries that are so regular and so nice;
and where the yearly vacations in our moun
tain homes are so delightful, and where we
can get a two-dollar lay-out of good stuff to
eat for 30 cents? Oh, you snipe-on-toast!
Oh, you luxurious house-boat! Oh, you bun
galow in the mountains! Oh, you S6OO pen
sion !
How can we give you up?
Just listen at what the Rev. August Bach
says:
“For nine years I mostly worked on educational
lines, and found the Chinese very smart students.
But out of the 600 or 700 students not one remained a
Christian.
“Mission schools are much liked by the Chinese,
because they can get education without paying tuition,
and have a white man as friend, if any official tries to
squeeze some dollars out of them. lam convinced that
any money spent on mission schools is wasted. If the
Chinese want Western learning, let them pay for it.”
Mr. Bach also denounces the medical mis
sions, and says that the only “converts” who
“stick”, are those made by missionaries who
confine themselves to preaching the Word of
God.
As to the schools, etc., he states:
“Mission work in China, with its churches, schools,
asylums for the deaf and dumb, hospitals, etc., —look
very nice to the outsider” (Bryan, Taft, Roosevelt,
etc.), “but one feels sore to feel that all these institu
tions are kept up by foreign money, and break down
the very day the money fails to come.”
If Dr. Corey, and Dr. Lovett, and the
Christian Index, and the Presbyterian and
Go Forward don’t do something, and do it
quickly, the Rev. August Bach will “shore”
hurt the cause.
Mr. Bach names a number of other mis
sionaries who confess, after long years of
work among the people of the East, that they
are utterly unable to understand the Oriental
mind.
Speaking of the young white ladies from
America who are working as missionaries
among Chinamen, Mr. Bach says:
“Elsie Sigel affairs are the result of this ignorance.”
What ignorance? That of “the laws by
which every Chinese regulates his conduct”,
and of those acts which lower a woman in
the estimation of a Chinaman. For a white
lady to place herself on a footing of equality
and familiarity, is to degrade herself in his
eyes, and his next thought is how to bring
her still lower.
The Caucasian girl does not know this, and
The Jeffersonian
“Elsie Sigel affairs are the result of this ig
norance”.
How savagely the storm raged in those two
teapots at Cairo, Georgia, when the editor of
the local paper expressed his satisfaction that
he had no daughter to send to China.
Towson and Harris violently assailed me
about the Elsie Sigel matter, —yet I had
never said that there were cases in China like
that of New York, in which the Chinese
“convert” seduced and strangled the mission
ary.
But the Rev. August Bach says it. He
knows. He has been on the field for twelve
years, and is bound to know.
What will the fanatics say now?
Will they squelch Mr. Bach as they
squelched Wakefield ?
® ® ®
Lookout, Country Voter!
Thousands of Georgians take no other pa
per than Mr. Hoke Smith’s Journal. Thou
sands of voters believe everything the Jour
nal says. These trustful men are in great
danger of being disfranchised.
Why ? Because the Journal tells them that
when they pay their taxes they are “automat
ically registered”.
Whoever believes that statement and acts
upon it, will lose his vote!
Why tell the citizen that he earns his right
to vote by the mere act of tax-paying? It
■isn't the truth.
The citizen pays his taxes as a condition
precedent to the right to take the oath and
sign his name on the registration book. The
tax-collector is not permitted to register the
voter.
The citizen must do that in person, and he
must do it six months before the day of the
election.
The editorial in the Journal was published
to convince the voter that registering had
been made easier than ever before. He was
assured that when he paid his taxes, the Tax
Collector did the rest. And the editorial, con
fusing the Receiver with the Collector, spoke
of the Collector going his rounds among the
people, registering them!
Mr. Countryman! When you pay your
taxes, demand to be registered, then and there.
Take the oath, and sign the book. TELL
ALL YOUR NEIGHBORS TO DO LIKE
WISE.
® El ®
Over in Alabama
If the Prohibitionists of Alabama are not
more temperate in some of their demands and
methods, they will suffer the usual conse
quences of going too far.
This sending of deputies to break into pri
vate houses, tearing up the beds of a man’s
wife and daughters, forcing the opening of
trunks and bureau-drawers (in the search of
wine, beer, and whiskey), is sheer fanaticism.
The manner in which the home of Charles
Nelson, of Mobile, is said to have been en
tered and ransacked by deputies, recently, is
well-nigh unbelievable. Such violation of
the privacy of the home is utterly inconsistent
with civil liberty. The invasion of this man’s
house, the rudeness of the officers to his wife
and daughters, the insulting searching of
their beds and trunks, was a shocking out
rage.
The Wat Tyler rebellion was started by
the act of an officer which was little worse
than the brutal treatment of Nelson’s wife
and daughters.
The first speech I ever made was a Temper
ance Address; and my whole career is identi
fied with the efforts to close the barrooms, —•
but I won’t stand for this violation of the pri
vate home.
Every man has just as much right to keep
wine or beer or whiskey in his home, as he
has to keep guns, pistols, powder, dynamite,
vitriol, gun-cotton or spirits of turpentine.
It’s nobody’s business what you keep in
your house, so you don't use it for an unlaw
ful purpose.
The mere fact that the citizen has a bottle
of whiskey in his house is no more evidence
that he intends to sell it, than your possession
of a gun proves that you intend to murder
somebody.
I believe in temperance, and that’s one rea
son why I’m against intemperance,— in eat
ing, drinking, money-making, money-saving,
legislation, and reform-work.
The extremists of Alabama are virtually
condemning our Savior, who was the guest
of those who kept wine in the house; whom
the Pharisees derided because he drank wine
at public houses; and whose Last Supper was
of wine and bread, —a fact which we preserve
the memory of, making it sacramental, by im
itating the example He set.
The noble Prohibition movement in Ala
bama must have developed some Pharisees:
what some of them propose to do amounts to
a reflection upon the daily habits of Jesus
Christ.
SH E
Black Heels on White Necks
In Michigan an army officer, whose wife
and children were then living in California,
married a beautiful girl. The facts about the
wife and children soon came out, and there
was a great scandal. A court-martial “sat”
upon the case, and mild punishment was
meted out to the officer. He was asked to re
tire on half-pay, and did so.
The State authorities of Michigan did not
lift a finger in the matter. Apparently, they
believed that they had no jurisdiction over
the bigamist.
In Maryland, several young officers had a
spite at another, and they clubbed in on him,
forced a fight, beat him to the ground, and
shot him through the head. A court-martial
sat on the case, and found that the victim had
killed himself. One of the murderers, Lieu
tenant Roelker, was not even required to ap
pear at the investigation. The State authori
ties of Maryland took no action in the prem
ises. Evidently, they believed that they had
no jurisdiction.
In Georgia, a soldier slips from the reser
vation, goes to a beer saloon, and, when some
one says “The patrol is coming!" he runs
inside the reservation, to keep the patrol from
seeing who it is that had been in the beer sa
loon. Ordered to halt, which order he may
not have heard, the soldier continues to run
toward the barracks. An officer issues the
command, “Shoot!” the patrol does shoot, and
the soldier drops in his tracks, a dead man.
A court-martial sat on the case, and justified
both the officer and the patrol.
Ihe State authorities of Georgia have not
done a thing. Presumably, they believe that
murder, arson, rape, robbery, or any other
crime, may be committed on the reservation,
and that the State authorities have no juris
diction.
SUCII IS NOT THE ZAW.
When William Newman ordered the State
of Georgia to come into his inferior Federal
court, through Governor Smith, I wanted
Smith to tear up the summons and trample
upon it. The Judiciary Act of 1789 had one
clause that provides State laws shall be
tested. The framer of that Act, Oliver Ells
worth, had been a member of the Constitu
tional Convention; he had heard the debates ;
he knew what the makers of the Constitution
meant; and he AWA’IF that they did not
mean to subordinate sovereign States to infe
rior Federal courts.
Consequently, in framing the Act which
was to carry out the intention of “the Fath
ers'’, he provided that a State law should first
be attacked in the State court, and that the
case, if lost in the Supreme Court of the State,
should be carried from there to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE