PAGE TWELVE
THE MONEY QUESTION.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
They still exist. There has been no
destruction of manufactured goods, or of
raw product. We have as much cotton
and corn and wheat and lumber and
cloth as we had a few weeks ago. Yet
commerce has shrunk, mills are running
half time, cars are empty and idle, men
are thrown out of employment, and new
enterprises halted.
Are not these the facts? Then, would
you not think that every statesman would
concentrate his thought upon this unnatu
ral state of affairs until he had evolved a
remedy for the disease?
Nature did not bring this calamity upon
us. We have been smitten by -no pes
tilence, no dearth, no suspension of the
laws of nature, no earthquake, no war, —
yet our condition has been, and is now.
almost as bad as though we had been laid
by some invisible and malign power un
der a “tremendous ban of excommunica
tion.”
What was it that came down upon us,
silently and unheralded, and, like the an
gel of destruction which in one night
smote the host of Sennacherib, laid our
prosperity low? Who was it that had the
irresistible strength and diabolical ma
lignity to do this harm to the unpro
tected masses of the people? • ‘
Just as five groups of Wall street rail
road kings control every mile of railroad
in the United States, so there are less
than a dozen financial groups which ab
solutely control the money-supply of the
country. By reason of the laws which
were bought with campaign contributions
to the two old parties, these Wall street
rascals can shut off the circulation of
monev whenever thev please.
Suppose you cord your arm above
the elbow joint and stop the flow of the
blood to the hand, what happens? Sup
pose you cord your leg above the knee
and stop the circulation there, what be
comes of the lower limb? None of the
flesh or bone are taken away. You have
just as much of a hand; just as much
of a foot, as before the cord stopped the
circulation. But because the circulation
was stopped, the hand and the foot be
come pallid and lose their natural func
tions.
The Wall street money kings gathered
into their own hands practically all of
the real money of the country,—doing so
by the law of Reserves. —and -then they
shut off the circulation. THEY CORD
ED THE LIMB.
Commodities could not be exchanged,
because there was no cash to be had.
Buying and selling diminished, because
there was less money to buy with ; com
merce shrank because there was less of
the life-blood of commerce running in
the channels of trade.
Why did those New York criminals
stop the circulation and cause the panic?
Because they wanted to compel Con
gi ess to give them additional power and
profit, as in 1893.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
By all students who have carefully
studied the case, the foregoing state
ment will be accepted as true.
Yet, strange to say, the national lead
ers of the two old parties are shutting
their eyes to the Money Question, just
as though we had no such problem
staring us in the face.
We can understand why the Republi
cans talk “Tariff Revision,” and why
Democrats of the safe and sane stripe
talk “Tariff Reform,” but for the life of
us, we cannot understand what professed
radicals like Hearst and Bryan mean by
shying at the money question.
Does Mr. Hearst fancy that he can
scoop the old Greenbackers and Popu
lists with his Copyrighted League, when
his money-plank demands a continuance
of bond-secured currency and national
bank favoritism?
He will never do it.,
Does Mr. Bryan imagine that he will
continue to be the leader of the radicals
when he puts forth his absurd demand
for $500,000,000 bonds, emergency cur
rency to be loaned to the banks, and a
governmental guaranty of national bank
deposit, which means the perpetuation
of that undemocratic and detestable form
of class-legislation?
He need not think it.
Oratory is a fine thing, no doubt, and
Mr. Bryan has an abundance of it, but
statesmanship and leadership require
something more than copious and con
stant streams of oratory.
The actual condition of the American
people makes the money question the
great overshadowing problem of the
campaign of 1908.
And the politicians will not be allowed,
by “a gentleman’s agreement,” to leave
that Hamlet out of the play.
* * »
Editorial Comment.
John R. Walsh, the Chicago banker
who “borrowed” nearly all of the money
out of his own bank and was unable or
unwilling to put it back, has been sen
tenced to five years in the penitentiary. '
If every banker who has done things
just as criminal as the acts of Walsh
were condemned to imprisonment, we
should have to build more jails.
The British Parliament has rejected
the Socialist bill which provided that the
Government should support everybody
who could not get a job.
John Burns, the Labor-Union leader,
had the good sense to oppose the meas
ure.
It isn’t every tramp that will go to
work when you offer it to him. It isn’t
every unemployed man who is easy to
ple'ase when it comes to fixing his pay
and naming his job.
For instance, in one of the North-
Western cities last winter, thousands of
“unemployed” paraded through the
streets, clamoring for work, and when the
authorities advertised for men to cut a
canal just nine' of the unemployed rolled
up and asked for work; and every bless
ed one of these nine wanted to be fore
man, or nothing.
Mr. Bryan’s newest platform favors a
bond-issue of $500,000,000. The reason
given for such an increase of the inter
est-bearing debt is that we must give
employment to the unemployed.
But the national bankers are the fel
lows who want those bonds, and Mr.
Bryan isn’t fooling anybody when he
mentions the “unemployed.”
The railroad bond feature has been
knocked out of the vicious Aldrich bill,
but the whole scheme of the Wall street
bandits ought to be knocked out.
What a pity is that Alabama is repre
sented at this time by a corporation tool
like Bankhead.
It is reported that he is to help the
Wall street measure along, and we are
not surprised. Bankhead has always beep
a corporation henchman, and it is a mat
te'r of regret that Governor Comer, after
Senator Morgan’s death, did not exercise
his Constitutional prerogative and ap
point a man who could have honestly
represented the people.
n
The negroes of Hayti are at it again.
Just another revolution, with plenty of
murder and miscellaneous crime.
Coming so soon after Mr. Taft’s plat
form utterance concerning “the marvel
ous progress of the negro race” this latest
Haytian rebellion and blood-letting seem
in bad taste.
How long will it take for the whites
to understand that the progress of the
negro is nothing but the progress of the
copyist? In Hayti, he has no whites to
copy, hence he makes no progress.
*
Three bandits robbed the bank at
Tyro, Kansas, of the sum of $2,500 last
week. The amount taken'shows that the
bank was robbed by clumsy outsiders.
When the fellows on the inside do the
job, they never stop at such a pitiful sum
of $2,500.
In Pennsylvania they have been trying
the grafters who built a four million dol
lar state-house and charged the people
$13,000,000 for it.
The thiev.es have been sentenced to
the penitentiary.
Now wait and watch, and you’ll proba
bly see the higher courts find some tech
nical flaw in the proceedings which will
set the guilty men free.
H H *
Honor 'Roll.
R. N. Brown, Blackmonton, Miss.
Oliver J. Copeland, Gainesville, Ga.
J. E. Rankin, Verona, Miss.
Lee Orsborn, Okolona, Ark.
C. R, Ross, Doyle, Ga.; Route No. 1.
J. C. Bond, Canon, Ga.
C. C, Sollars, Golconda, Ill.; Rt. No. 1.