PAGE FOURTEEN
TEDDY AND TAFT.
By J. P. Austin.
I.
Which I wish to remark,
And my language is plain,
For ways that are dark
And tricks that are vain
Teddy the marvelous is peculiar.
Which I rise to explain.
II
And I might further remark,
As one would surmise,
That William H. Taft
Is a “slick” one likewise.
111
In the games that they play
They both take a hand.
With Teddy as trainer
You must understand.
IV
The way that they play
Is hard to believe,
But I tell you the truth
With no intent to deceive.
V
Harriman’s the Jack
And the Pope is the ace,
Taft takes the one
With a smile on his face.
VI
Teddy the other,
With a grin I believe,
And tucks snugly
Up in his sleeve.
VII
Ted wins the vice-presidency
With the first card he throws,
And Taft the presidency,
As every one knows.
VIII
And Bryan and Debs,
With no trump to play,
Are left in the lurch
In the usual old way.
IX
And Gompers and Mitchell,
Too sad to relate.
Will soon-be in stripes,
Serving the State.
X
And Labor is left
In a terrible plight,
With all of her prospects
Knocked out of sight.
XI
Which is why I remark,
And my language is plain,
For ways that are dark
And tricks that are vain
Teddy and Taft are peculiar,
The same I am free to maintain.
WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH
PENNSYLVANIA?
What is the matter with Pennsyl
vania?
Senator Penrose has been re-elected
to the senate. The man most pro
minently mentioned as successor to
Senator Knox is a man whose chief
qualification appears to be a long
purse. In Pittsburg graft has evi
dently ruled for well nigh a genera
tion. Public rights have been sold out.
Franchises claimed as perpetual have
been given to aliens. Future genera-
tions have been saddled with gas and~
street railway taxes by cheap aider
men. The state capitol at Harrisburg
rises as a gigantic monument to graft.
In the house the state is represented
by John Dalzell. In the senate there
still lingers the memory of Matthew
Stanley Quay.. In Pennsylvania are
the principal oppressions and evasions
of the child labor law. In Pennsyl
vania are courts which are controlled
by the Pennsylvania railway. In
Philadelphia, reform, brought forth in
a. night, lived but for a day, The
mayor lapsed and the community
lapsed back into the dull, sodden
lethargy of misgovernment.
What is the matter with this state?
Is the trouble with the system or the
people? Are Pennsylvanians of this
day the legitimate descendants of
those men who built Independence hall
and rang Liberty bell ?
We do not believe the trouble is
with the people of Pennsylvania. Peo
ple are much the same wherever
found. But there must be something
wrong—radically wrong—when the
record of a state is what Pennsylva
nia’s record is. If the trouble is not
with the people, then it must be with
the system, and it is time for the peo
ple to look and see what the trouble
is with that. —iSt. Joseph (Mo.) Star.
———————■—
WHERE BULLETS ARE
THICKEST.
The adjutant had lectured a squad
of recruits on company drill, bat
talion drill, and every other form of
movement that he could think of, and
at last threw in* a little instruction
of his own on personal behavior in
face of the enemy.
“On the field of battle a brave sol
dier will always be found where the
bullets are thickest, you understand.
Private Jones, where would you be
found, then, on the bat tipfield?”
Private Jones —“In the ammuni
tion wagon, sir.”—Tit-Bits.
A STINGY BORROWER.
When a man cuts loose from his
paper as a subscriber, he has to-bor
row his neighbor’s copy of the paper
when he wants to see the election re
turns and other news, and the neigh
bor invariably puts the borrower
down as an awful stingy man.—Dade
ville Spot Cash.
Why, Lucretia, if you really must
know the exact language in which
we refused an invitation to the Taft
banquet, it was simply, “Non pos
sumus. ”
Let us be charitable in judging peo
ple. It may be that Roosevelt, know
ing what he would have done under
like circumstances, really thought that
Tillman was trying to graft.—Griffin
(Ga.) News.
Mistress (angrily)—How dare you
talk back to me in that way? I never
saw such impudence. You have a lot
of nerve to call yourself a lady’s
maid.
New Maid —I don’t call myself
that now, ma’am; but I was a lady’s
maid before 1 got this job.—London
Opinion.
Bfca Jeffersonian
■ urmr.v STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MAvuiNEKI 1 Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
vvmi a Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
ao caittr varcvth ctrvvt Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En
auurn ruiUYin stkebi gines Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. GEORG I A catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
prices right.
Dr, Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
Tfce Doctor Durhams for three generations Uti* been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the ruath ~ of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy Is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action Is thorough, hot without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only &a a laxative, but actually upon the liver A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency In all liver troubles
Here Is what the Hon. Thoa. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4. 1908.
“This Is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I waa completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of .liver medicine.’’
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta. Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June SO, ISOS.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon's feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON: We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in SO days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia