PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
Elihu Root’s prolonged defense of the ad
ministration's railroad bill goes to prove that
the corporation jackal doesn’t
Root Shows
His Colors
Again.
change its spots. His speech
is one of the most remarkable specimens of
his dangerous adroitness ever exhibited. He
concentrated his efforts mainly upon that
clause of the proposed bill which permits
mergers, and baldly states that it “should be
in the power of the railroads to observe the
law and still make their (rate) agreements!'’
In short, unless the provisions of the Sher
man Anti-Trust law and the present inter
state commerce acts are set aside, they will
be violated, and the roads put to the annoy
aance of defending Government suits. The
Government prosecutions do not amount to
anything, so why all the bother? That is his
argument, in effect.
But—and here is something that should
make everybody pause: if the Government
attempts to enforce rates, and exercise any ef
fective control, the “next step will be Gov
ernnient ownership".
“We all desire the extension of our system, but
we will never say to the capital of the country
that we encourage its investment only with the
end in view of concentrating its control in Wash
ington! ’’
Lovely Elihu! Could anything make
clearer your position ? The sovereign States
must bend the knee to Washington. So far
as THEY are concerned, Hamilton himself
was never a more arrant Federalist. But
capital! That is one thing that must be sac
rosanct, and neither Washington nor any
State Legislature must dare to lay a finger on
any of its “investments”. The watered stork
representing the “investments” and made
enormously profitable through the earnings
of the public, must not be subject to any con
trol.
Some men are such barometers of corrup
tion that their championship of any measure
is almost equivalent to its disgrace, while
anything they attack is to be congratulated.
Mr. Root is one of these. With rare excep
tions, the slippery, suave Senator from New
York can be counted on as the indefatigable
servant of the Interests. And in the railroad
bill being engineered by himself and Mr.
Taft, the hand of the railroad magnates is
not even concealed.
* * * *
Senator Bacon, of Georgia, did not do him
self his usual credit in the argument that
government regulation of rates would not
bring about government ownership. It
wouldn't, as long as it worked. But how long
would an awkward scheme of the sort work,
while the roads increased their centralization
of power, so as to be able to defy regulation
at the risk only of the expense of litigation?
There’s nothing to be so afraid of in taking
hold —the story of grasping the nettle applies
forcefully in this connection. Georgia and
other cotton States might get very hungry in
a big strike, involving the great West. The
Western soil grows the food: the Southern,
the clothing, of our millions, and neither can
permanently gain by the provincial idea of
“diversified crops” when we need, not to -work
against the very nature of agricultural pos
sibilities, but in harmony with these. All the
country requires is free interchange of com
modities. unhindered by the annual “shortage
of cars”, undisturbed by the industrial waste
attendant upon strikes, and unrobbed by ex
tortionate freight rates and the vicious system
of rebating by which other monopolies thrive.
alter his nature upon don
ning the Senatorial toga, any
more than the leopard can
C>be TJeffersontan
It is estimated by President Lewis, of the
United Mine Workers of America, that the
following number of miners
Miners Out.
ment of the wage scale ques
tion between the workers of the various mines,
and the owners:
Western and Central Pennsylvania, 100,000.
Ohio, 47,000.
Indiana, 18,000.
West Virginia, 10,000.
Illinois, 72,000.
lowa, 15,000.
Michigan, 3,000.
Kansas, Arkansas, Texas and Oklahoma, 25,000.
Colorado, 5,000.
Western Kentucky, 5,000.
Total, 300,000.
The case is said not to be a strike, but a
“suspension of work" and it is believed to be
but temporary.
Speaking of the defeat of Cannon, the New
York Tribune, a Republican paper, remarks:
“The old system has been
A Deplorable
Contrast in
Sentiments.
hands of the Speaker was not only theoretically
liable to serious abuse, but had been abused in the
way of suppressing free action in the House and
making its machinery a means of maintaining the
prestige of the Speakership rather than of ac
complishing ends in legislation aimed at by the
majority party.”
The above is not at all on a parity with the
exultation of the insurgent Republican pa
pers. It is merely a quiet admission, from a
staid party organ, that things, all along
wrong, have at length been thoroughly found
out, and that it would be poor policy not to
bend to the storm instead of being broken,
through defiance thereof. Contrast THIS
position with the statement of Representative
Brantley, of Georgia.
“In reference to the proposition to have the
House elect, instead of the Speaker name, the
standing committees, it must not be forgotten
that the proposed change, if made, will be revo
lutionary, for although the rules of the House
now permit it, the House has never exercised the
power of electing the standing committees. The
Speaker has always named them. Every Demo
cratic Speaker who has occupied the chair has
named them, just as the presiding officers in the
Georgia Legislature and other States now name
them. There are, of course, objections to con
centrating power in the Speaker, but there are
serious objections to the elective plan also. Pow
er must vest somewhere, and the rule has been
to elect a party leader as Speaker and clothe him
with the necessary power, duty and responsibility
to so organize the House that his party’s policies
can be put through.
“Just before I came to Congress there was
much talk of what was called a ‘hog combine’ in
the House, under which a few large States, which
had the power, controlled for themselves the en
tire patronage of the House. This is a fair sam
ple of what would happen in the way of legisla
tion, and in packing committees, if the power of
the House was diffused throughout the member
ship. There would be combinations galore, and
no one could ever be found who was responsible
for the results had.
“Under the system that has prevailed for
more than a century, the party in power holds
its Speaker responsible to them and the country
holds the party responsible for what the Speaker
does.”
When even the regular Republican organs
concede the need for eliminating “one-man”
power, and insurgent Republicans fought to
bring it about, the lonely pee-wee from our
own State chirps up that “power must vest
somewhere” and it would be “revolutionary”
to take the steam-roller plan away from the
Speaker!
Nervously, he adds that: “The things that
took place a year ago in the House and in the
were idle, pending a settle-
tottering. The public some
time ago came to the conclus
ion that it represented one-man
power and that the great au
thority concentrated in the
Democratic caucus have been passed up as
closed incidents.”
Not on his tin-type! The skurrying about
to change the rules only proves that the bunch
of deserters “recently allied with the Cannon
ites, now roosting harmoniously with the in
surgents”, as contemptuously described by the
New York Sun, made a feeble grand-stand
play, but are too cowardly, and too thorough
ly at heart “stand-pat” Republicans to dare
dethrone Cannonism. What they have want
ed all along was their own nice picking, with
a Republican Speaker and his convenient
gag rules to make it easy to cajole the home
folks. “We can’t do anything, because—”
and when the “because” could be abolished, it
would be “revolutionary” to attempt it.
“Why is it,” asked the President, in addressing
the Ohio Society at Washington, “that the smaller
States of the East exercise so
Taft
Messes Up
Another
Speech.
because the Eastern States get a good representa
tive and keep him as long as he lives and then he
has an influence that vastly exceeds the mere nu
merical representation of population.”
Lodge, Depew, Aldrich, Payne, Dalzell, the
late Matt. Quay, the late Tom Platt, et al.,
occur at once to the mind of the reader.
“Good representatives,” indeed! Tools of
Eastern moneyed interests, a curse to the
common people of their own sections, as well
as to the United States at large.
And hoic are they kept in office? By the
sheer force of villainous collusion, bribery,
coercion. Into the Eastern States is poured
a teeming horde of voters who know nothing
of the men or the measures for which they
vote. Blinded by party prejudice, those who
should act, deliver themselves over to the gods
of sheer partisanship, while an enormous
venal vote can always be swayed by the boss
es, who, in turn, take their orders from the
eminently respectable business and banking
“interests” who look after national legisla
tion, and see that it goes their way.
It is the shame of the East that it returns,
term after term, the men who betray her own
toiling masses, and the common people of
every other section.
•/
Still, the case of New England presents one
bright ray of hope, in the election of Mr.
Foss, as Representative from
A Democratic
Congressman
FROM THE
Bay State.
party affiliation, as he is a
bolter from the Republican party because of
the Payne-Aldrich tariff iniquity. He sim
ply had all he could stand from the G. O. P.
and, from the way the ballots piled up for
him in a rock-ribbed Republican district, his
constituents felt much the same way.
These sporadic political upheavals mean
more in rebuke to Taft and the reactionaries
than tons of verbal censure. We all know
that the party split arrives as inevitably
and about as often as the failure of the peach
crop; and that the Republican sore-heads
sulk awhile, then decide that, after all, there
can be nothing so bad as defeat. So they
vote the straight old ticket, just as the world
manages to get its share of Elbertas, for all
the crop ruination of the spring.
But when irritation and indignation ac
tually penetrate the “impregnable East” to
such an extent that they elect a radical, it is
a sign of the break up of a long Protectionist
winter.
much power in Congress? It is
not because an Eastern man has
any more capacity in the master
of legislation than a Southern or
Western man certainly not
more than an Ohio man. It is
the Fourteenth District of
Massachusetts, a Democratic
candidate. Mr. Foss is not
so much a Democrat as to