FOR A NEW HUMANITY.
At last a cherished ideal long carried in
mind and often exploited in this column of
what might be done to better the world, has
taken material form through the larger mind
and more practical methods of another wo
man.
A New York woman has sent a most in
teresting prospectus of a new association.
Here are some of its features:
“The aim of the association is to teach
infant science, to assist young mothers to
cope with their sudden responsibilities and
furnish them with the knowledge they re
quire.
“The method of the association will be to
maintain an academy for the instruction of
young mothers in all that pertains to the
care of infants, to guide and help them and
relieve their cares.
“The academy will be under the direct
. supervision of a medical director and an
advisory board composed of those physicians
who make infant life a specialty.
“It is requested that the physician attend
ing a maternity case recommend that each
new-born child be registered at the academy
and secure its advantages.
Offers Distinct Advantages.
“The advantages are a staff of nurses un
der the immediate direction of the medical
director, who will call on the mother at regu
lar intervals and give her the advice and
course of instruction prescribed by the medi
cal advisory board, investigate the progress
of the infant and report its condition to the
medical director, handing in, with the report
of the instructor or nurse, the chart the
mother will be trained to keep.
“The advantage to the . physician intro
ducing the ease is that he can inspect daily
at the academy the reports made in his cases,
and if they are unsatisfactory to him or the
house staff, the correct course to follow can
at once be sent to the mother, or the doctor
can call on the mother. This will enable the
doctor to save making a large number of calls
a day by making one call at the academy,
and will assist him by keeping a correct re
cord of his cases.
“The physician’s fees will in all cases be
paid by the academy.
pre-natal course —The academy will
provide a pre-natal course of instruction.
Attention to pre-natal conditions is a most
important factor and aid to the birth of
healthy children.
Maintained by Fixed Fees.
“The charge for service.—The yearly fee
for patients has not been finally decided up
on, but it will be in the neighborhood of
$8.33 a month, or at the rate of SIOO per
annum. The academy does not, of course,
provide for serious illness, and the family
physician would, of course, make his usual
charges and attendance in all such cases.
“The Charity Department. —The associa
tion and its academy will be self-supporting,
A CORNER FOR WOMEN
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
but for the poorer classes a free department
and service will be maintained.
“The association has secured the hearty
endorsement of many leading members of the
medical profession in New York City, as w 7 ell
as the endorsement and co-operation of a
great many ladies and gentlemen who are
deeply interested in making it a success, and
it now feels confident that it will have the
assistance and endorsement of all earnest
people in its too-long-needed undertaking.’’
Here is a chance for good women with
large fortunes to make their own names im
mortal and to do more good to humanity than
all the libraries, colleges, churches and hos
pitals of the land combined can ever accom
plish.
Means a New Humanity.
The pre-natal feature of this association is
a long step forward and means the founda
tion for a new humanity.
Were women awakened to the power they
possess to help their unborn children, phy
sically, mentally and morally, to the best life
lias to offer, it would require but two genera
tions to bring the millennium.
This association ought to be placed upon a
firm financial basis, and it ought to be done
at once.
There are hundreds of millionaires in New
York City alone whose names have never
been in print. Let some of these wealthy
people come forward now and endow the asso
ciation, and make it an institution which shall
bestow blessings upon mothers and children
for all time. —Ella Wheeler Wilcox, in N. Y.
Journal.
THE WOMAN’S DOLLAR.
Why the Housewife Should Study the Tariff.
(The following article, by Edward H. Bail
ey, was published in the Johnstown, Pa.,
Democrat and was awarded the prize for
April by the tariff reform committee of the
Reform club. This committee offers a month
ly prize of $25 for the best tariff reform
article and the same amount for the best
tariff reform cartoon. For particulars ad
dress the committee at 42 Broadway, New
York.)
The average man is honest and gains his
dollars in honest toil. But the average man
is not a safe spender. He knows that his
wife can buy more for a dollar than he can.
She is the governor of the household. She
buys all the foodstuffs. She buys the stock
ings and shoes and wearing apparel for the
big and the little in the family. She buys
the furniture, the pictures, the bric-a-brac,
the flowers an dthe plants and the hundred
and one things that go to make up the ele
gance and the comfort of the home. It has
ever been thus because from the very begin
ning she has manifested a higher conception
of the art of spending the dollar than the
man.
Yet with all her skill in buying the neces-
sities of life the average woman does not
seem to realize that sordid man has given her
a very serious handicap in the protective
tariff. Were if not for the tariff she could
buy for 50 cents what now she must pay $1
for. Every time she goes to the store with
the purpose of buying just as much as she
can for a dollar there is a concealed thief
who filches 50 cents of the hundred she spends.
The 50 cents does not go to the storekeeper.
He is the forced collector of it. In the pro
cess of final settlement with the tariff pro
tected trust manufacturer the storekeeper pays
the 50 cents over to him.
So we would say to the housewife, who is the
most economical spender' in the world, that
she is vastly concerned in the tariff question.
We fancy that if she should study the tariff
as she studies the markets she would be heard
from against that great iniquity, for it is
just as certain as the fixed stars that she is
a constant victim of the tariff. A part of
every penny she spends goes as a tribute to
some trust.
Would it not be the part of wisdou for the
woman with the dollar of the man to give a
share of her attention to the effect the tariff
has on her daily life? It is very refreshing
to know that many noble women have given
their attention to the question, with the
result that they have come to regard the
tariff as the thief that this paper always has
described it to be and still insists that it is.
The late Susan B. Anthony, admittedly one
of the greatest women of modern times,
scathingly arraigned the tariff as a robber, and
a very large number of her disciples are carry
ing on the crusade she so ably began. There
are living today many of the admirers of the
late Belva Lockwood and of Helen M. Gougar,
two of the noblest women in the world, who,
while contending for the rights of women as
citizens, are not forgetting to show that the
tariff is a curse to the race. Another notable
example of woman’s devotion to a great cause
is Ella Wheeler Wilcox, poet and philosopher,
who for many years has assailed the tariff
with all -the force of her mind. The list of
such splendid, thoughtful women might be
multiplied, but it is not necessary in this
article. It is enough to know that the tariff
question is a growing one in the ranks of the
gentler sex. Since it concerns them so deeply
there are abundant reasons why the tariff
should attract their attention.
“What’s the use of holding either a Repub
lican or Democratic national convention I ?’’
peevishly asks the Sioux City Journal. Well,
it might be well to remember that the rail
roads and the hotel-keepers need the money.
—Washington Post.
A clergyman recently became insane as a
result of brooding over a lie he thought he told
about somebody. You never hear of a poli
tician being stricken that way.—Washington
Post.
PAGE THREE