FASHION MAD.
As might have been expected, the women
made emphatic denial, and bitter criticism of
Dr. Broughton’s charge that they were in
pursuit of “pleasure, dress and flattery.”
On the questions of pleasure and flattery
there is room for doubt, as it is difficult to un
derstand how any woman can gain either
pleasure or flattery from some of the abomina
tions decreed by fashion.
But it’s the fashion; yes, and they wear
it, satisfied and serene, not because it’s pretty,
not because it’s becoming, but because it’s
the “latest.” If Dr. Broughton meant “fash
ion” when he said “dress,” at least one of
his charges is true.
Too often this besetting sin of woman is
referred to with an indulgent smile similar to
the one used for a restless boy’s mischievous
pranks. The “old man” is berated, unmerci
fully, for chasing the dollar; but with a vision
of round hats, three-cornered hats, turned-up
hats, turned-down hats, big hats, little hats,
and multitudinous dresses before him, one
cannot blame him for fast sprinting after the
nimble and evasive coin.
The time and money spent on useless dress
ing is simply appalling. Even in rural dis
tricts, laggard, overworked women stitch and
embroider all the week and Sundays rig their
weary bodies up in this hard-wrought finery
and quietly inspect sister members during
services, so that the minute the benediction
is ended, a perfect fusillade of compliments
and criticisms can be fired.
It makes a slow little somebody sometimes
long for primitive worship, or for the power
of becoming invisible at will.
There seems to be no end in sight for this
bondage. Where and how will deliverance
come ? ■
LENORA SHEPPARD.
THE KING BUSINESS.
Numerous Drawbacks to What Looks Like
an Easy Job.
The emperor of Germany is in distress. He
is feeling the pinch of hard times and the
poor old fellow asks the German reichstag to
raise his salary. His allowance now is only
$4,502,770 year—s6so,ooo as king of Prus
sia, which is a sort of side line with him, and
$3,852,770, as deutcher kaiser, his regular
working job. To the man who is getting about
S6O a month this sounds like considerable
money, but the kaiser has raised a large
family, the boys never have done much in
business and the daughters-in-law and other
members of the family are living off the old
man. So you see how it is.
It worries the kaiser when he reflects that
Nicholas gets $8,000,000 a year as czar of
Russia, when Wilhelm has longer hours and
does more work for half the pay.
Even the old Austrian emperor, who is too
old to enjoy buying things, or wearing or eat
ing or drinking them, gets $4,700,000 a year,
and is able to save money, having no boys to
send to college and no girls to squander his
cash on big hats.
The king of Italy, however, gets but $3,200,-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
SUBSCRIBE TQ
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price §1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
/
Prose Miscellanies
Selected From the
Writings of Mr. Watson
Among these are his
Reply to Booker Washington, as to the Ne
gro race; Aftermath of the Civil War, “Con
valescent,” “At Fifty,” Dream Children, “In
the Mountains,” “Not Quite,” “Bubbles on the
Stream,” “Planting Corn,” “Day In Indian Sum
mer,” and others.
Bound in Cloth.
Mailed to any address for SI.OO.
Given as a PREMIUM to any one sending
3 new subs, to either Jeffersonian at our regu-
THE DOBSON “X” RAY.
JMjMBjM Latest Scientific Wonder. HERE is aa
article boys, that will please you. With
it the clothes and flesh turn transparent
and the bones can be plainly seen. J UST
think of the fun you can have with it. Sample m strong
box with catalogue and agents prices 10 cents by mail.
Our big catalogue containing 300 novelties,
buggies, pianos, harness, desks and many other
articles sent free upon request. Please write
for it. Game of Teddy Bear Cards, 50 cents.
Wessels & Co., Dept. A., 5619 Magnolia Ave.,
St. Louis, Mo.
000; but he must have only macaroni for
luncheon now and then, and lives largely off
fruit.
It is surprising that England pays her king
only $2,250,000 a year. But then Edward is
not so much of a king as William or Nicholas,
and the cabinet and parliament run the
country, and let Edward go around laying
corner stones, drinking at the watering places
and letting his light shine at the leading race
tracks.
At first glance it looks like there would be
a lot of money in the king business. But, in
spite of the fact that there isn’t a great deal
of competition, a king has to wear good
clothes, stop only at the best hotels and smoke
cigars with bands around them; so that the
expenses eat up most of the profits. Perhaps
that is the reason there are so few candidates
running for king this year. —Baltimore Sun.
If you want REAL enjoyment send ten cents
for a copy of HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don’t fail to include the Humor
ist!
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the Indistrious. The home builders' guide. Send
stamp for sample c»py,
FARM AND RAH&H, Delias,
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Addresa
A. C. NEECE, .
Sunset, Texas, Route K.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit :
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L. D. M ’GREGOR.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE SEVEN