PAGE SIXTEEN
SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD
The first thing for us to do is to
form an organization, on some sim
ple plan, so that all the money col
lected for the benefit of our sick,
crippled and helpless ones in the
South can be used for them, without
spending a lot of it in salaries and
other expenses. We won’t have any
of the grand hotel dinners which the
members of the Laymen’s Movement
have to eat before they get down to
work. We won’t have any big-sala
ried presidents, vice-presidents, sec
retaries and assistants, with magnifi
cent offices and expensive stationery.
We’ll be just plain people, doing out
work as Christ told his humble fol
lowers to do theirs, quietly, without
any fuss and feathers, theii^,left hand
not knowing what their right hand
did.
Organization.
The preliminary work will be done
by the first twelve persons who write
to us that they will help to organize
the Brotherhood. We will, in the
meantime, suggest a plan, and will
welcome all comments, criticisms aud
practical suggestions.
(1) The appointment of a Com
mittee on Organization, to consist of
the first twelve persons who are
willing to serve, with Hon. Thos. E.
Watson as general adviser, and
‘‘Daddy Jim” as general roustabout.
(2) The adoption of a motto and
a badge, which may be a button,
with some emblem in the center, and
the words “Sunny South Brother
hood” around the edge.
(3) The adoption of a pledge to
be signed by all members. This
should be simple and direct. Sup
pose we say : “I promise to do all
the good I can for the needy, sick,
helpless and crippled. I promise to
protect and help the old folks and
children. I promise to be kind to
dumb animals. I promise to report
to the Brotherhood, and to look
after, as far as I can, all cases of
destitution and need in my neigh
borhood.”
(4) The selection, as soon as pos
sible, of some worthy brother or sis
ter, in each neighborhood, to whom
appeals for help may be referred, for
investigation and action, if imme
diate action be necessary.
(5) The duties of the Committe
on Organization will be to advise as
to the appointment of officers, the
formation of local committees or
brotherhoods in every district of the
South, and of State committees or
brotherhoods, to have charge of the
work in each State, and especially as
to the best and simplest way of car
rying on this home mission work,
which is so much needed.
The First Organizers.
“I have been deeply impressed by
the Sunny South Brotherhood prop
osition mentioned in The Jefferson
ian under date of March 17th, and I
herewith hand you a check for $1 to
aid in its organization.—J. C. Phelps,
Auburn, Ala.”
R. H. Garrett, R. F. D. 6, Carroll
ton, Ga.
Working Members.
“We wish to become working
members of the Sunny South Broth
erhood. A. S. Walden, Jesse P.
Browne, Zena, Ga.”
“I beg admission to the Sunny
South Brotherhood. Orrie Ander
son, Chipley, Ga. ”
"Please enter my name as a mem
ber of the Sunny South Brother
hood. Will say that I am a rural
letter carrier, and owing to the ex
tremely high prices I have to pay
for the necessaries of life, have but
little left each month, but I am anx
ious to do some good in the world,
if possible. Have just relieved a
THE
By DADDY JIM
poor widow with eight small chil
dren, living on my route. Her hus
band had been an invalid ten years,
and poor to commence with. When
he died, he left his family naked,
and not a mouthful to eat in the
world. I set out begging for her,
and gave her all I could. She sent
me word the other day that she had
sufficient food to last two or three
months, and clothing for herself and
children to last a year. She said
that she could not command the
language with which to thank me. I
tell you, it made me feel good all
over.” (This letter, written from
Toomsuba, Mississippi, was unsign
ed. We would all be glad to know
the w-riter’s name.)
“If all the promptings of a good
and loyal heart could be added up,
I think the greatest is in the man
or woman who goes out to help to
bring sunshine into the lives of our
own shut-ins. To you, Mr. Watson,
I extend my hand and heart, and
wish to become a member of the
Sunny South Brotherhood, and stop
this infernal craze—all for the
heathen, and none for home.—J. P.
Sturkey, Leverett, Ga.”
“Greeting to the Sunny South
Brotherhood. I wish to have my
name enrolled. —.1. A. Shirjey, R. F.
D. 3, Powder Springs, Ga.”
“I am not only willing, but anx
ious, to become a working member
of the Sunny South Brotherhood.—-
L. L. Knight, Glennville, Ga.”
“I wish to become a working
member of the Sunny South Broth
erhood. —Mrs. Martha Cone, Cool
idge, Ga.”
“Uncle Charlie.”
The Sunshine League, conducted
by Charles Noel Douglas, of Brook
lyn, N. Y., is working along the lines
which we propose to follow, and as
“Uncle Charlie” will work with us,
and we will work with him, it will be
interesting to read what he has to
say about his league;
“In connection with my magazine
work I have managed to organize
various sunshine leagues. One of
these has over 30,000 members, and
the good we have been able to do
passes all belief. We have built
small cottages for the helpless sick,
secured cows for consumptives who
needed milk, procured artificial
limbs for the crippled, and in less
than one year provided forty wheel
chairs for bed-ridden invalids, one of
whom hadn’t seen the sun for nine
teen years. We have raised large
sums for the destitute sick, every
penny going to the sufferers, not a
cent being eaten up in graft or ex
penses. My mail in connection with
this work runs from one to two thou
sand letters a week, the year round.
All the world has poured its trou
bles into my ears, and I think I can
say without egotism that I have
given tens of thousands of people
who had lost heart in the struggle
for existence, and were utterly
crushed with care and trouble, cour
age to take up their burdens and
bear their crosses and go their way
refreshed and strengthened, assured
of the fact that the God who sees all
things would give them a happy is
sue out of all their afflictions.”
Home Mission Work.
There can be no question about
the need for home mission work,
outside of the work of this character
which is being done everywhere by
the organized charities of churches
and religious bodies. Uncle Charlie
himself felt the sting of poverty, and
the worse sting of breadless sympa
thy. He has known how it feels to
be handed a religious tract when he
was actually in need of food and
medicine. Most of the work of the
Gb* Jeffersonian
Sunny South Brotherhood will no
doubt be done in the country. In
the cities and larger towns there are
many noble charities, and an abun
dance of organized charitable work;
but country churches are poor, as a
rule, and country charity, though
often more generous than that of
city folks, has its financial limits.
It will be for the crippled, helpless
and destitute ones of the country that
we shall appeal.
Voluntary Work.
My idea is that we shall have no
arbitrary assessments, no forced
contributions. All will be voluntary.
If you feel that you can spare a dime
or a nickle for some poor brother or
sister of our sunny Southland, who
has been defeated in the battle of
life by disease or accident, you will
give it to the proper parties, and the
money will be applied to the object
for which you intended it, without
one cent being spent in salaries, or
diverted from its channel by the ex-
FREE TO YOU—MV SISTER
©I am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my home
treatment with full instructions to any suf
ferer from woman’s ailments. I want to tell
all women about this cure— you, my reader,
for yourself, your daughter, your mother, or
your sister. I want to tell you how to cure
yourselves at home without the help of a doc
tor. Men cannot understand women’s suffer
ings. What we women know from experi
ence, we know better than any doctor. I
know that my home treatment is a safe and
sure cure for Leucorrhoea or Whitish Dis
charges, Ulceration, Displacement or Falling
of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Pe
riods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors or Growths;
also pains in the head, back and bowels, bear
ing down feelings, nervousness, creeping feel
ing up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry,
hot flashes, weariness, kidney and bladder
troubles where caused by weaknesses peculiar
to our sex.
I want to send you a complete ten days’ treatment entirely free to prove to
you that you can cure yourself at home, easily, quickly and surely. Remember,
that it will cost you nothing to give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
should wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week, or less than
two cents a day. It will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send
me your name and address, tell me how you suffer if you wish, and I will send
you the treatment for your case, entirely free, in plain wrapper, by return mail.
I will also send you free of cost, my book— “WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL AD
VISER” with explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they
can easily cure themselves at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to
think for herself. Then when the doctor says, “You must have an operation,”
you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured themselves with
my home remedy. It cures all, old or young. To Mothers of Daughters, I will
explain a simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leu
corrhoea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in Young Ladies.
Plumpness and health always result from its use.
' Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know
and will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all wom
en’s diseases, and makes women well, strong, plump and robust. Just send me
your address, and the free ten days* treatment is yours, also the book. Write to
day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
mrs. m, summers, Box 460, ■ ■ South Bend, Ind., U. S. A.
To the Jeff Agents:
Next Contest: March 1 to April 15
FIRST PRIZE SIO.OO
SECOND PRIZE $5.00
GRAND PRIZE 525.00
Will be awarded for the largest list of new
subscriptions and renewals to Watson’s
Magazine or to The Jeffersonian sent in
between January 6 and April 15
OPEN TO ALL AGENTS FULL COMMISSION ALLOWED
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
pense of maintaining an organiza
tion as costly as most religious
bodies have declared to be neces
sary. On this common ground of
charity—home charity, who is in
terested? Let us hear from you at
once.
We are in receipt of advance
spring catalog of the Golden Eagle
Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga. Readers of
The Jeffersonian who contemplate
purchasing a buggy, will find it to
their interest to send for one of
these catalogs. As the company
states the prices quoted in this cata
log will hold good only until April
1, 1910, and they propose to save
the consumer $26 on every buggy
direct from their factory. Address
the Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Station
No. 1, 156-166 Edgewood Ave., At
lanta, Ga.
Those who are, or want to be, or
should be, true American citizens,
should subscribe for
The American Whip,
26 issues a year, 50c.; 6 months, 25c.
The WHIP fights the Roman Cath
olic Hierarchy, in politics, and all
other enemies of civil and religious
liberty. Two months’ trial sub. 10c.
Send us the news from your locality.
EZRA J. WEAVER, Publisher,
Lancaster, Pa.