sary to examine the banks. You admit this.
Now, in this connection I ask you this ques
tion: Does not the same Act authorize banks
to be assessed to pay this service, and did
not the Fulton County Grand Jury so report?
Is there anything false in this statement?
No, Mr. Park, there is nothing false in any
statement I made about youi’ official record,
and you cannot dodge behind the Governor
or the Attorney General, either. Neither one
is responsible for your violation of the law.
The Governor has nothing whatever to do with
the deposit of the State’s money. You alone
are responsible for that. The Governor only
designates the banks wherein state funds may
be deposited. Not shall be but may be. It
is wisely, left to the discretion of the Treas
urer as to such deposit, for he is supposed
to know, and is paid to know, the condition
of each State depository, and whether or not
they are such banks with whom the State’s
money may be properly left.
Now, when did the Attorney General ever
give you an opinion that the Act of 1893
limiting deposits in any State depository to
SIOO,OOO was null and void, and that you
need not observe it? Have you any such
opinion as this on file? I think not. Our
Attorney General is too good a lawyer to give
such an opinion; and besides, what opinion,
or whose opinion, whether it be legal or other
wise, authorized you as Treasurer to dump
$85,000 of the State’s money in a rotten bank?
I will say just one word with reference to the
rumor, which perhaps originated in your own
brain, and which you are using for political
effect, about my disturbed mental balance.
While I know chat that balance is well
within the limit fixed by the law of nature,
yet I am sure it is on the right side, and is
yet strong enough to keep the State’s finan
cial balances within the limit fixed by the
Act of 1893, and also out of rotten banks.
I will also say that for the past ninety days
I have been freely mingling with people all.
over this State face to face, and I am willing
for them to pass upon my mental capacity as
well as a comparison of my record with yours
as Treasurer and bank examiner.
Very respectfully,
WM. J. SPEER.
STATE TREASURER TO THE JEFFER
SONIAN.
May 25, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Your editorial in the Jeffersinian
of May 14, “the law and the Neal bank de
posit,” at the close of which you very courte
ously add you will publish anything the State
Treasurer may have to say, prompts this
reply. Although Attorney General Hart and
Judge Ellis, before whom the case was tried,
have both, to use the now historical expres
sion of former Governor Colquitt, “vindi
cated” me, yet, I do not want the “smell of
fire” on or about my garments but, like
Caesar’s wife, wish to be “above suspicion.”
You refer to the Acts of 1893 limiting the
sum which may be deposited in any one bank
to sloo,’ooo But in Hl? Georgia Code, Vol.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
I, Paragraph 989, you know, authority is
given the Treasurer to make temporary de
posits for a period of ten days over and above
the amount of the Bank’s bond. By law the
20th of December is the last day for settle
ment of taxes, and emergencies usually arise
about that day which make it absolutely
necessary to deposit an extraordinary number
of checks for a few days in the two State
Depositories at Atlanta. These checks are
mainly sent by the railroad companies and
are often of very large amounts. Now, on
this very date, December 20, 1907, the two
Atlanta Depositories selected and appointed
by the Governor, according to the law of the
State, had about as much of the State’s
money as our custom permits. But I received
on this 20th of December, coming after mid
night, by special delivery, a check from the
Southern Railway Company for $92,696.69,
in payment of taxes. The Fourth National
Bank had at that time, of the State’s funds,
$75,451.04, but I temporarily placed the South
ern Railway check with this Bank, making
$168,613.11. On this date, (December 20,),
I also received from different parties, as my
Annual Report shows,' checks amounting to
$85,408.56. The Neal Bank had on hand, of
the State’s money. $71,652.98, so I placed the
above named checks for $85,408.56 with that
Bank, making $157,061.54 all told, which was
$11,551,57 less money than the Fourth Na
tional Bank had of the State’s money.
Knowing that these two banks were by law
only entitled to receive $100,000.00 of the
State’s funds, except in emergency cases,
when this amount for ten days cofttd be
exceeded, I immediately went to work and
the very day the Neal Bank failed, and even
before it had failed, mailed checks for $35,-
441.46 on the Neal Bank to parties outside
the city, and also on the Fourth National
Bank in like manner, which shows I was re
ducing the emergency amount with all due
diligence. The Depository Banks located at
the Capital are the Clearing Houses of the
Treasury Department, and must be used for
these temporary overflows in receipts.
As is now well known, not a cent of the
State’s money was lost by the failure of the
Neal Bank, nor has there been any lost daring
my service as State Treasurer. As is now
also well known, suit was brought in Fulton
Superior Court to place the excess of SIOO,-
000.00 of the State’s deposit in the Neal
Bank subject to the claims of the other
depositors. This was decided by the Court
in the State’s favor.
I have been Treasurer of Georgia for eight
years, have received and paid out more than
$30,000,000.00, and not a single dollar of the
State’s money has been lost or misapplied.
Having to pay for a bond of $200,000.00
surety for faithfulness to my trust, I never
make a deposit or pay out a cent until I know
I am right, then, like Davy Crockett, I “go
ahead,” although I am not a lawyer, as you
suggest, but a plain business man and farmer.
Very truly yours,
ROBERT E. PARK,
Treasurer of Georgia.
THE USE OF GRAY UNIFORMS IN FED
ERAL PRISONS.
Atlanta, Ga., May 15, 1908.
Dear Mr. Watson:
Referring to enclosed letter of Howard P.
Whiddon.
Three uniforms are used in Federal pris
ons: (1) A sort of blue-gray nearly corres
ponding to what is known as cadet gray.
When a prisoner enters he is dressed in this
with his number on the suit. If he maintains
good conduct he retains this uniform; if he
falls into bad ways he is reduced to (2), which
is black and white stripes, and if he becomes
incorrigible he is reduced to (3), which is
black and red stripes.
The present gray was adopted some four or
five years ago in lieu of a darker shade of
gray formerly worn. This color was adopted
because it is a neat, serviceable and durable
color, and also because about the best quality
of cloth made in this country comes in this
shade. Whether it was “Confederate” or
not, cut no figure in the case. The West
Point cadets are uniformed in gray (hence the
name cadet gray), and this shows that no ef
fort is being made to discredit our favorite
color. Yours,
BERNARD SUTTLER.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT AND THE TICKET
THAT WILL WIN.
(Special to Jeffersonian.)
Dublin. Ga., May 26, 1908.
First, I will state that I have been a life
time Democrat, feeling like I was of the old
school. Now the trouble arises, how many
kinds of Democrats have we?
We have taken the Populist platform, but
do not want to be called Populists. We are
willing to accept it all but the name. Like
boys, we cling to our father’s name. Our
President of today is the most popular man
in the South, and if he would allow his name
used you would be surprised to see how many
of the old school Democrats, as we call our
selves, voting for him. Now 7 , if we wish to
be w’ise, endorse the Hon. Thos. E. Watson
for President, then take a consistent Demo
crat for a running mate, and by that you will
unite the two parties and be crowned with
victory and brothers will be brothers again.
Now, there is no use to continue dodging
around. We, down in the depths of our
hearts, well know 7 Mr. Watson is the most
available man in the South today. But our
large cities will not openly admit it and w r e
are only waiting for them to tell us what to
do and I tell you, kind friends, they will con
tinue to give us defeat. You will see that
Bryan is politically dead when it is left to the
people. You don’t want him and you know
it, but you may have an axe to grind and
want the wool hat crowd to turn for you
(look out for a balk).
There is another southern man, if he lived
in the East or West, would bring victory on
Watson’s ticket, a man that is of southern
birth, a man of honor, full of good deeds,
noble character and a Christian gentleman, al
though a Republican, his heart is in the
(Continued on Fifteen.)
PAGE ELEVEN