PAGE TWELVE
GOVERNOR SMITH, AND THAT
SEPTEMBER MAGAZINE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
rection in various places. If he was op
posed to the extra session, his language
in public and private can not be recon
ciled with his purpose. Even in his Mc-
Rae speech, November 17, 1907, he held
out the prospect of an extra session. Read
the speech, and see for yourself.
But in this Mcßae speech the Govern
or astonished his supporters by declaring
that he had no adverse criticism to place
on the men in the legislature who had
killed his reforms.
These men constituted the majority of
the legislature, and when he expressly dis
claimed any intention of putting blame
upon them consternation seized-his sup
porters.
The Jeffersonian, then and there, took
Governor Hoke to task, as our readers
well know. -Consult any file of the Jeffer
nonian for November, 1907 — not the mag
azine, but the weekly.
We warned the Governor that he had
made a fatal mistake, just as we w’arned
him that he was making a mistake in not
calling an extra session.
Had Gov. Smith listened to his loyal
supporter, Watson, and called the extra
session, in the fall or winter of 1907, the
political history of this state would have
been entirely different.
And after all, he has been driven by
events to take the Watson view of the
case — but he was too late about it. HIS
FATAL BLUNDER IN LOSING
PRECIOUS TIME IN 1907 GAVE THE ’
CORPORATIONS A BREATHING
SPELL WHICH THEY SORELY
NEEDED, AND THEY MADE THE
VERY BEST USE OF HOKE’S MIS
TAKE. They are now so strong that
even the frightful exposures concerning
the Convict Lease System do not shatter
the corporation phalanx.
Think how keenly humiliated Seab
Wright must have been when the fellows
whom Governor Hoke relieved from criti
cism, voted down a simple resolution to
request Congress to keep Tennessee and
Florida from deluging Georgia with fire
water. The resolution was laid on the
table, upon Seab’s own motion! Poor
Chap! He saw that he was up against it.
Now, at what time did this reaction
set in? WHEN GOVERNOR HOKE
TOOK THE BACK TRACK. He did
not march steadily on with his reform
speeches, as he had promised. He made
speeches in various places, but his sub
ject was “Education.”
And the worst of all was that public
announcement that he, our Chief Magis
trate, DID NOT BLAME THE LEGIS
LATURE FOR GOING BACK ON
THE PEOPLE.
What could you do after that? Who
could expect reform sentiment to grow
stronger after that? What better could
the corporation crowd ask than that?
Who could be surprised when the re-
THE jEFERSONIAN.
actionaries began to gain ground after
that?
Now, there MUST have been some
reason for the Governor’s change of pro
gramme —what was it ?
HE WAS TIRED OF BEING GOV
ERNOR, AND WANTED TO RUN
FOR THE SENATE.
For several months the Governor con
templated making the race, and it was
with great difficulty that his friends dis
suaded him from his purpose.
That’s the secret of his sudden somer
sault, and that’s the true reason why the
reactionaries controlled the next regular
session of the legislature.
Just one more point: The moment Mr.
Watson noted those new rules which
Governor Hoke and Boykin Wright had
concocted, he understood their true pur
pose. To bury Populism, as well as Wat
son, was the object aimed at, and the
great fight was to be in 1910. As a bat
tle was inevitable, Mr. Watson chose the
time instead of letting the other fellows
choose it. Those new rules would have
established a political despotism in Geor
gia, with Hoke Smith and Boykin Wright
and Lawton Miller as the bosses.
The Jeffersonian never rendered better
service to the country than it did when it
helped to knock the life out of that ne
farious scheme.
* * *
The President and The Farmers.
A portion of the press is criticising Mr.
Roosevelt for his suggestion that some
thing be done to improve home-life on
the farm. In certain quarters, the farm
ers themselves are reported to resent the
insinuation that home-life on the farm
needs improvement. Mr. Hearst’s papers
are particularly sarcastic and hot-col
lared on the subject, and they handle the
President very roughly indeed.
It so happens that we have talked to
the President about this very matter, and
we know that his intentions are most
commendable. No farmer who comes to
understand what the President is driving
at could take the slightest offense. On
the contrary, he would be grateful for so
intelligent a sympathy as that which in
spires the President’s efforts to do some
thing to make farm life more attractive.
It has been our lot to address hundreds
of audiences of country people. We have
never failed to be impressed by the fact
that the faces of most of these country
folk bear the evidences of the hard life
of the farm. How could it be otherwise?
The men, as a rule, labor under the
most trying difficulties. If they own or
rent small farms where they themselves
do the work, the drudgery lasts from
before every morning, until after
sun-down in the evening. Winter,
spring, summer, autumn —it is work,
work, WORK, with almost no season of
rest and recreation. They must expose
themselves to all kinds of weather, and
many ailments due to this exposure rack
the body with pain, or sap its vital
strength,
Such bread-winners are seldom able to
buy clothing and food sufficient for com
fort and health, nor to furnish their homes
with those conveniences which are so
necessary to good-living. Such homes
are rarely brightened by magazines,
books, and high-class weekly and daily
papers. Such homes too often are dreary
proofs of the poverty and struggle of the
family.
But if the men are prematurely bent
and stiffened by this constand tread-mill
round on the small farm, who can exag
gerate the cruel inroads it makes upon
the women?
A plump, rosy country girl marries her
sweetheart, and they go to house-keeping.
They are poor, and must work their way.
In a year or so children begin to come,
and the young wife must be nurse, as
well as housekeeper. It is too often the
case that the wife not only has to cook,
but she does the sewing, the milking and
the washing. In some cases she does all
this and then helps in the farm work, be
sides. With the shock of the system which
child-bearing periodically gives; with the
constant drain on the system which child
nurture involves; with the never-ending
tasks about the house, at the lot and in
the field; with an occasional sick child to
nurse throughout many sleepless nights —
is it any wonder that farm life breaks
down many a woman at an age when she
ought to be in the full bloom of strength
and beauty?
Even in those cases where the farmer
owns his hundreds of acres, and runs
many plows, the life is a hard one. There
is the eternal labor question, keeping
the employer anxious throughout the
year. He never knows when those upon
whose work he is dependent will walk
off, leaving his crop to go to ruin. His
wife never knows when the duchess who
reigns in the kitchen will send word that
she is indisposed, making it necessary for
his wife to do the cooking.
Every trust in the land hits the farmer.
HE PRICES NOTHING THAT HE
BUYS, AND NOTHING THAT HE
SELLS. He pays the price set by the
other fellow when he buys, and he ac
cepts the price the other fellow fixes be
fore he can sell.
He pays the larger proportion of the
taxes which support the most extrava
gant government on earth, and he gets
nothing from the government but rank
injustice which keeps him poor.
In favor of the Tobacco Trust, the gov
ernment has made laws which give rise
to Night Riding, arson and murder, —
Night Riding being the armed protest of
the farmer—victims of vicious laws and a
criminal Trust.
In favor of the Steel Trust, the govern
ment has made laws which rob the farm
ers to the extent of scores of millions of
dollars per year. So it is all along the
line.
The brightness has been stricken from
the farm home by law.
\\ hen the President realizes that some
thing is radically wrong and seeks to find