0l)e Jeffersonian
VOLUME FIVE
N UMS EE 11 FLEE N
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
CASTRO, THE MAN WITHOUT A
COUNTRY.
Ex-President Castro, of Venezuela,
is now in a peculiar position. Only
a few months ago he was the first
citizen of his country, Venezuela, and
today he is virtually an outcast, hov
ering on the borders of his country
which he dare not enter, and forcibly
ejected from one place and carried to
another, where he doesn’t want to go.
Even at that he is reported to be a
very sick man. The wound left by
the operation which he went to Eu
rope to have performed has reopened,
compelling him to take to his bed, and
in this condition he was carried on a
bed to a steamer to get him out of
the island of Martinique.
Why? Because it is feared that he
designs to re-enter his country, and
for that reason wants to be near.
Isn’t it strange that this should be
feared? It is claimed that he was
unpopular in Venezuela before he
left. Another administration has
been installed which is unfriendly to
him. There has been no demonstra
tion in his favor. When yet it is
feared to let him return as a private
citizen it shows that the stories of his
unpopularity at home must be over
drawn, and that it is apprehended
that Castro once more in Venezuela
the people would quickly turn to him
and reinstate him as their ruler.
Who is it that is so afraid of Cas
tro, and is responsible for the efforts
made to prevent his return? It was
reported that France was acting on
the representations of our government
in refusing him residence in any of
her islands. It is our government
which has been endeavoring to induce
Denmark to forbid him to enter the
Danish Islands. Clearly it is our gov
ernment which is trying to prevent
Castro’s return to Venezuela, and
which fears that he might again ob
tain the reins of government in that
country —for as a private citizen it
could make no difference to our gov
ernment, France or any other country
where Castro lived.
Isn’t all this done to protect the
asphalt trust and other exploiting cor
porations, whom Castro has tried, and
succeeded, in curbing? If it isn’t
that, why is our government so ac
tive ?
This treatment of Castro makes
him appear a greater man than he
ever did before. Not since Napoleon
was sent to St. Helena have the pow
erful countries of the world com
bined to prevent one man, an ex
ruler of his country, from returning
to his country. This alone is proof
that Castro is an extraordinary man.
Just how far he is right in the
policy he pursued while he was in
power in his country is not clear. The
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WA TSON and J. D. WA TSON
J n
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 22, 22
stories in regard to this are very con
flicting. Some present him as a great
patriot and others as a self-seeking
demagogue, and an outsider can not
know which is correct. But that he is
a man of great ability can not be
doubted, nor that some powerful in
fluences fear him. And in the almost
brutal treatment of him, denying him
a residence in a country even while
he is extremely ill, he can only have
the sympathy which is always ex
tended to the under dog.—Augusta
Xierald.
THE TIME TO STRIKE.
Sy William Herbert Carruth.
My God, I am weary of waiting for the year of jubilee;
I know that the cycle of man is a moment only to thee;
They have held me back with preaching what the patience of God is like,
But the world is weary of waiting;'will it never be time to strike?
When my hot heart rose in rebellion at the wrongs my fellows bore,
It was “Wait until prudent saving has gathered you up a store”;
And “Wait till a higher station brings value in men’s eyes”;
And “Wait till the gray-streaked hair shall argue your counsel wise.”
The hearts that kindled with mine are caught in the selfsame net;
One waits to master the law, tho his heartstrings vibrate yet;
And one is heaping up learning, and many are heaping up gold,
And some are fierce in the forum, while slowly we all wax old.
The rights of man are a byword; the bones are not yet dust
I Os those who broke the shackles and the shackles are not yet rust
Till the masters are forging new ones, and coward lips are sealed
While the code that cost a million lives is step by step repealed.
The wily world-enchantress is working her cursed charm,
The spell of the hypnotizer is laming us head and arm;
The wrong dissolves in a cloudbank of “whether” and “if” and “still,”
And the subtleties of logic inhibit the sickly will.
The bitter lesson of patience I have practised, lo! these years;
Can it be what has passed for prudence was prompted by my fears?
Can I doubt henceforth in my choosing, if such a choice I must have,
Between being wise and craven or being foolish and brave?
Whenever the weak and weary are ridden down by the strong,
Whenever the voice of honor is drowned by the howling throng,
Whenever the right pleads clearly while the lords of life are dumb,
The times of forbearance are over and the time to strike is come.
—Putnam’s.
DEATH REALLY BY INCHES.
To the unscientific citizen it is
something of a surprise to learn that
large parts of the body are alive and
useful after the phenomenon popu
larly known as death has taken place.
Few of us suspect, for example,
that our kidneys and hearts after we
have died ourselves can in most cases
be resuscitated and that if by some
surgical miracle they could be trans
planted into another body they would
quickly resume their functions.
This, however, is a well demon
strated medical fact.
The human heart has been removed
from the body more than thirty
hours after death and made to beat
again. Dr. Carrel, of the Rockefeller
Institute, has taken the heart from
one dog and inserted it in the neck
of another, connecting the aorta with
the carotid artery of the new heart
and the vena cava with its jugular
vein. In a few moments the live dog
had two hearts rhythmically beating,
one recording a pulse of 88 and the
other 100.
Science has yet framed no precise
definition of death. The human body
teems r-**l quivers with life, only a
small part of which becomes a part
of individual consciousness.
An artery, thoroughly disinfected,
placed in an ordinary culture tube
and then closed to the access of all
bacteria will not putrify. Under ordi
nary circumstances, however, it will
undergo autolytic disintegration.
Complete dessication will preserve it
against this latter process.
Autolysis does not take place ex
cept in the presence-of water; this ex
plains why Egyptian mummies, which
were thoroughly dried before being
placed away_in the tomb, have resist
ed for thirty centuries the autolytic
ferment. Normal blood serum is an
other substance which inhibits to a
considerable degree autolytic degen
eration.
Cold, while it does not entirely
check the process, makes it exceeding
ly slow. It is upon refrigeration that
Dr, Carrel has thus far chiefly de
pended for preserving arteries. In or
der to prevent putrifaction he places
them in sterilized culture tubes and
then he puts away the tubes in large
ice chests, which maintain a tempera
ture just above the freezing point.
Here they live in a condition of sus
pended animation.
Dry and shriveled as they appear,
they are still living tissue, and al
though! the animals from which they
have been taken have long since gone
to their final rest these fragments, if
placed in a new living host, once
more take up the thread of existence.
That the arteries could be removed
from a man recently dead and have
their vitality and usefulness preserved
in this same fashion is certain.—Mc-
Clure’s Magazine.
BULLY’S PROPOSITION.
We have again and again called at
tention to the fact that the price of
cotton is dangerously near the cost
of production. One of the elements
entering into this cost is the enhanced
price which the cotton grower pays
for supplies, fertilizers and money.
Making a crop on credit, he becomes
a slave to his creditor and is com
pelled to sell at the pleasure of his
creditor. If the creditor is a factor,
the debtor can not even prevent the
sale, provided he is in debt for ad
vances to the factor. Mr. Sully’s
proposition, broadly stated, is to es
tablish warehouses where the cotton
may be stored and for which negoti
able warehouse receipts may be issued.
There is nothing novel in the propo
sition. If $50,000,000 is subscribed as
capital, the first great condition is ful
filled, for the basis of the proposition
must be the absolute responsibility of
the warehouse company. These ware
houses, properly and economically con
structed, can be so located in refer
ence to carriers as to minimize ex
pense of handling and reduce to the
lowest limit the charges for compress
ing and insurance. The warehouse re
ceipts should be strictly negotiable.
No defense ought to be permitted to
avail against them; they should stand
for the cotton. Such negotiable re
ceipts would be as nearly perfect se
curity for loans as could be devised.
The cotton growers should at least
give earnest consideration to the plan
of Mr. Sully. —The Guidon.
Price Five Cents