PAGE FOURTEEN
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitalin®
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form- On Trial
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- ■■fc . pt
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and nf*P w
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the I\l JVljllM 1 tlB
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have a'm'o
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It _JF Ju/JArl
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you BQ LA I 8
have had your trouble, Vitaline will easily over- B|| JI ■ X
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.” •*< Wt\
NERVOUS WEAKNESS,
Worncut Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor ® ? n *», po . ,tag * • tamps
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. ■ „ t 0 ®5‘ th ® bottle to you—that a
I ™~ I
gestlon, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, ■ nothing for them until you can say With I
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. ■ a glad heart that you have at last found ■
Gnawing, Nervousness. ■ the right medicine. Pay us no money I
HEART WEAKNESS Fluttering,Skipping, Palpita- B until you are satisfied and Willing, and ■
?.***.._ ** B **, ,*"~~tion, Pain in Heart, Side or I its all l«H to your judgement and say- |
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or ■ so, which We abide by —that’s the I
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in ■ understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. ■ vitaline tablets act on the Vita- I
CATARRH— Hawking,Spitting,Nose Running Watery ■ Organs that generate the vital warmth I
or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ■ " and the nerve force which makes one I
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains ■ feel strong, vigorous and healthy. I
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may N y V equal to all the duties and pleasures of I
be Catarrh. ■ robust strength and life. They give you ■
BLOOD TROUBLES General Debility, Paleness, ■ vigorand vitality every day and restore ■
P PJ-Rg-Thin, Weak. Run-Down, Ner- I y° u 8< ? Quickly and completely you I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, | !L e \?l. know there wa s anything the I
Loss of Flesh and Strength. I matter.
Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under ■
U. S. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial I
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81. 152 Lake St., I No. 3877—y0u have never bad anything ■
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once ■ like them, combining their wonderful I
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets ■ healing and strengthening power.
?P d p > ro ,m’ satis,act ° r J ’ wnl *«"“ *® u I We send you our beautifully illustra- I
SI.OO. otherwise I Will pay you nothing. ■ ted book, “Vitality”—you have never B
B ■■■Bl seen one like it. Our testimonials from I
N ame people cured after ten to forty years of ■
doctoring will convince you of all we I
claim for Vitaline. 4,
Address ——
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number
of subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WAT
SON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4,
1909, I will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second Prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold
ring for the girls.
Third Prize: Your choice of “Napoleon,” “Jefferson,”
“Bethany.” “Life and Speeches,” or “Waterloo.”
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all subscrip
tions sent in. For terms apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS 9 Thomson, Ga.
AI I MB—ll g— Ba—
Is Isolation a Burden to You? |
iSI
WmhibW MJ
Then Remove It!
The telephone makes the community one
large family for business and social purposes. It
aids in church work and summons friends and
neighbors to social gatherings. Connection with
the Bell System enables you to reach anybody al
most anywhere without leaving your home.
Write to nearest Bell Telephone Manager, or
address
Farmers’ Line Department
SOUTHERN BELL TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH CO. >
60 SOUTH PRYOR STREET. ATLANTA. GA. L\ LI
hhhbbbbbnhbmbbhbhbbhbbbbbbbhbbbbbbbmbhbokbbubbbi
Glje fersonUm
SOCIALISM vs.
THE FAMILY
(The advanced view urged, that
true collectivism demands the aboli
tion of individual possession of every
sort. Children belong to State, not
to parents.)
To the devoted disciple of collec
tivism (commonly but inadequately
called • “Socialism”) the discussions
on the Marxian system that have ap
peared in the Pathfinder can only ap
pear crude and elementary. The col
lectivist or Socialist, it is true, must
pass through a kind of novitiate of
doubt and mystification before he
can see clearly and accept the ulti
mate effects of the principles he be
lieves in. It is not strange, then,
that Socialists of short standing, as
well as the general public, should
fail to appreciate what Socialism
has in store for them.
What if I say that Socialism does
in fact stand for what the vulgar
herd call “free love,” and for “di
viding up,” and for the suppression
of personal initiative, and for the ab
olition of the family, and for the ex
tinction of private capital and pos
session of every sort, and for the ab
solute and complete subordination
of the individual to society? I say it
stands for all these, and much more.
(Perhaps you cannot comprehend
this eventuality, but it is as inevita
ble as the rising of tomorrow’s sun.)
All the wrongs, all the evils, all
the misery, all the poverty, all the
lying, all the thieving, all the vice,
all the deformity in the world is the
direct and necessary result of indi
vidualism. Then, individualism must
be exterminated —not merely trim
med off at the top, but annihilated,
branch, trunk and root. Private pos
session must be made impossible,
and then the evils which grow out of
private possession will naturally
cease to exist; there is no other way,
and those who advocate time-serving
and half-way methods are poor So
cialists, for they thereby show that
they still cling to their private priv
ileges.
Collectivism says: “Leave every
thing—leave property, position, re
ligion, personal “rights,” wife, fam
ily, home —and follow me; fear not,
for I will provide better things to
take their place.”
Not until all prejudices and fixed
ideas based on the so-called “rights
of the individual” are wiped out can
human society as a whole move for
ward. What matters it that under
the capitalistic system a few —one or
two out of a million or a thousand—-
now attain position, wealth and hon
ors and enjoy the good things of life,
when all the rest of humanty are
submerged? It is not the exaltation
of a few individuals, but the average
condition of all the masses of hu-
An Office Boy’s Suggestion.
The office boy looked at the type
writer girl. She was quite pale.
“What’s th’ matter?” he asked.
“I’ve just had a bad spell,” she an
swered.
“You ought to go to night school
for that,” said the horrid boy.—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
inanity that counts. The fortunate,
the rich, the talented, must consent
to be leveled down in order that their
fellows may be leveled up. Provi
dence never intended human talents
to be hoarded for the selfish benefit
of the individual possessors; the tal
ents of the individual belong to the
race, and under the new regime they
will have to be so used.
It can thus readily be seen that
there is nothing, to the advanced col
lectivist, shocking or startling in the
idea that individual love and mar
riage and private, selfish family life
will have to go to the economic scrap
heap along with private capital and
everything else individualistic. The
family, hedged in as it is by barriers
of many kinds, is today the greatest
obstacle to Socialism, and any effort
to introduce Socialism until the fam
ily is abolished is certain to fail.
There must be no beating about the
bush, no dissembling, no conceal
ment of the true issue; the family
is the strong tower of the capitalis
tic system, and it is on the family
that we must make our combined at
tack.
The ancient Spartans saw this and
had the courage of their convictions,
for by their laws the state took en
tire control of the child, on the true
principle that the children belong to
society and not to the individual par
ents. If a child was sickly, deform
ed, or otherwise below the require
ments, it was painlessly disposed of
by the state authorities. Collectiv
ism requires this, for if parents are
to retain control of their offspring,
allowing their personal feelings to
dominate in all matters, instead of
the interests of society at large, the
roots of the present existing evils
can never be reached, but as soon as
one evil is suppressed another will
appear. In only a few years the
Spartans developed a race of citizens
and perfected a Socialistic state
which have to this day remained the
high-water mark in social better
ment; they did it by cutting the Gor
dian knot, instead of temporizing
with half-way measures.
After all, there is nothing to fear
from the reforms that Socialism of
fers. Moral standards are arbitrary;
the American is shocked at the loose
sex conditions in Japan, for example,
while the Japanese is in turn shock
ed at many of the things our people
do. It is because it is unfamiliar and
because it grates on their prejudices
that people now look with disfavor
on the abolition of the private family
and all it involves, but a few years
hence they will have grown used to
the idea, and then it must appeal to
them as the logical first step toward
true Socialism. —John Davidowski,
in the Pathfinder.
Teacher—Why, Willie, what are
you drawing?
Willie —I’m drawing a picture of
God.
Teacher—But, Willie, you musn’t
do that; nobody knows how God
looks.
Willie —Well, they will when I get
this done. —From Success Magazine.