would help make the mail service self
sustaining. The postage on the par
cels would be paid by affixing ordi
nary stamps to the amount required
by the weight.
But our friends, the express com
panies, who are adepts at looking
through the hole in a mill stone, per
ceive that if the people once get a
taste of a real parcels post they will
raise such a furor to have the thing
applied to the whole country that
congress will slip out from under con
trol, and the first thing we would
know Germany, and the rest of the
world, would have nothing to brag
about in the way of superior mail fa
cilities.—The Housekeeper.
Just Tor Tun
John J. Ottinger, in The Washington
Post.
Cassie Chadwick’s husband is a
bankrupt. His wife’s lessons in the
art of acquiring easy money were ev
idently lost on him.
A Kansas man has just written a
booklet on the subject of alfalfa, but
we are willing to wager that he
doesn’t even mention the glorious
pink variety raised by Col. J. Ham
Lewis, of Chicago.
The mayor of Timpson, Tex., who
draws a salary of $1 a year, is charg
ed with spending as much as sls to
be elected. Which again shows that
the poor man stands no show to win
in politics.
Miss Annie Peck, who climbed to
a height of 25,000 feet on Mount
Huascaran, probably found that eas
ier and more congenial work than
washing the breakfast dishes for a
family of two seven days a week.
A traveler who has just returned
from Venezuela declares that Castro
is only a bandit. After a while that
man is likely to have a great collec
tion of uncomplimentary titles that
cost him nothing.
The general impression seems to -
be that when John Temple Graves’
letter of acceptance appeal’s it will
be so constructed that with very lit
tle trouble it can be set to music and
tried on our pianos.
Anyhow, canned speeches will not
add to the labors of the men who
are trying to enforce the pure food
law.
A day on the planet Jupiter is
said to be as long as 50,000 days on
the earth. A two weeks’ vacation
with full pay on Jupiter must be
worth while.
Oklahoma will not be truly happy
until her constitution has been de
clared the national anthem.
In the work of making the homes
of the farmers brighter, the Stand
ard Oil Company could do its share
by reducing the price of oil.
A judge of the district court in
the Panama Canal Zone states that
he at one time married 46 couples in
45 minutes, which again shows that
a. great deal of trouble can be made
in a very little ime.
A Goldfield miner has left his en
tire fortune to a girl who jilted him
four years ago. And all this time
she was probably under the impres
sion that she had hurt his feelings.
Mr. Hisgen has the satisfaction of
knowing that when he gets through
running for president he can go back
to his business and find that the de
mand for axle grease has not fallen
off a. bit.
There is a Taft cigar on the mar
ket and a Tom Watson brand of
chewing tobacco, but the best that
Chafin can ever hope for is to have
his name attached to a new kind of
sprinkling cart.
ECONOMY.
Lord Lewson—Why, Pat, there
used to be two windmills there.
Pat —Th rue for you, sir.
I/ord Lewson—Why is there but
one now?
Pat—Bedad, they took one down
to lave more wind for ’tother. —Lon-
don Tit-Bits.
Mrs. Caterby—ln a short time now
we will do all our heating by alcohol.
Caterby—That’s good. All we’ll
have to do will be to connect your
Uncle Jake to the furnace and range.
—Life.
LIFE AND DEATH.
The State of Texas has taken steps
to expurgate from one of the school
books a passage from John Green
lief Whittier’s most popular poem,
“Barbara Frietehie.” And that re
calls how much more powerful is the
imagination thlan memory.
In the first place, Barbara Friet
chie did not wave a flag at Freder
ick. In the second place, her grand
son was one of Stonewall Jackson’s
“ragged rebels” that day. In the
third place, she was in sympathy
with the south, and if she had waved
a flag at all that day, it would have
been the stars and bars and not the
stars and stripes.
Mrs. Southworth imagined the
story and wrote ia leter to Whittier
relating the circumstance. He sat
down, with the inspiration of genius,
and produced the poem that' begins:
Up from the meadows, rich with
corn;
Clear in the cool September morn.
The first chapter of the Book of
Job, translated into our tongue, is
the head of all English speech. It
is doubtful if there ever* existed that
man Job in physical person, but the
man who wrote of him imagined him,
and he will live forever and forever.
The same is true of Barbara Friet
chie.
And thus the womb always exults
over the grave, and life prevails over
death. Indeed, death is the begin
ning of another life, and death is
progress.—Washington Post.
Jeffersonian
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
*" aaH *
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine*-useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of tne simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This Is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
$2.50. Limited to Oct. Ist.
From now until October Ist, we offer the following remarkable combinations:
Pictorial Review, 15c a copy... SI.BO per year
Modern Priscilla, 10c a copy 1.20 per year
Ladies’ World, 5c a copy 60 per year
Jeffersonian Magazine 1-50 per year
Weekly Jeffersonian 1.00 per year
Pictoral Review Pattern 15
Total value $6.25
Altogether for 82.50
Modern Priscilla is the recognized leading fancy work magazine of America.
The Pictorial Review is an up-to-date fashion publication. Its fiction is clever and
interesting, and it has practical lessons in home dressmaking, millinery, house-keep
ing, and household finance, sanitation, etc., and is well illustrated. The Ladies’
World is one of the foremost ladies’ household magazines. It gives more for the
money than any publication in its class.
You all know the Jeffersonians.
The dress pattern will be supplied free by the Pictorial Review at any time
within 60 days after you receive your first copy.
Tine Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Thia is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri
butions on governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes
about 25 pages ner month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN