DEAFNESS CURED’
By New Discovery
“I have de
monstrated
that deafness
can be cured.”
—Dr. Guy Clif
ford Powell
The secret of how to use the mysterious and in
visible nature forces for the cure of Deafness and
Head Noises has at last been discovered by the
famous Physician - Scientist, Dr. Guy Clifford
Powell. Deafness and Head Noises disappear at
if by magic under the use of this new and wonder*
ful discovery. He will send all who suffer frota
Deafness and Head Noises full information how
they can be cured, absolutely free, no matter how
long they have been deaf, or what caused their
deafnes°. This marvelous Treatment is so simple,
natural and certain that you will wonder why it
was not discovered before. Investigators arA as
tonished and cured patients themselves niarvel
at the quick results. Any deaf person can have
full information how to be cured quickly and cur
ed to stay cured at home without investing a cent.
Write today to Dr. Guy Clifford Powell. 4016
Bank Bldg., Peoria. 111., and get full information
of this new and wonderful discovery absolutely
free.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist. Ad
dress: Publisher Humorist, St. Louis,
Mo. In ordering your reading matter
don’t fail to include the Humorist.
PECAN
'T'DTTITC BEST VARIETIES.
1 SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
BEAR’S NURSERIES, PALATKA, FLA.
Price 1 Cent!
THE SUN
(Baltimore, Md )
NOW SELLS FOR 1 CENT, AND CAN
BE HAD OF EVERY DEALER,
AGENT OR NEWSBOY AT
THAT PRICE.
All Subscribers in
District of ,’olumbia, Virginia,
North and Carolina,
Pennsylvania, Delaware
And Throughout th“ U ited S atea Can Get
The Su x by Mail at L Cent a Copy.
THE SUN AT ONE CENT
Is the Cheapest High-Class Paper in
the United States.
THE SUN’S special correspondents
throughout the United States, as well as in
Europe, China, South Africa, the Philip
pines, Porto Rico, Cuba and in every other
part of the world, make it the greatest
newspaper that can be printed.
Its Washington and New York bureaus
are among the best in the United States,
and give THE SUN’S readers the earliest
Information upon all important events in
the legislative and financial centers of the
country.
THE FARMER’S PAPER
THE SUN’S market reports and commer
cial columns are complete and reliable, and
put the farmer, the merchant and the bro
ker in touch with the markets of Balti
more, Norfolk, Charleston, New York, Chi
cago, Philadelphia and all other important
points in the United States and other coun
tries. All of which the reader gets for one
cent.
THE WOMAN’S PAPER
THE SUN Is the best type of a newspa
per morally and intellectually. In addition
to the news of the day, it publishes the best
features that can be presented, such as
fashion articles and miscellaneous writings
from men and women of note and promi
nence. It is an educator of the highest
character, constantly stimulating to noble
Ideals in individual and national life.
THE SUN is published on Sunday as well
as every other day of the week.
By Mail the Daily Sun, $3 a year;
Including the Sunday Sun, $4.50. The
Sunday Sun alone, $1.50 a year.
Address
A. S. ABELL COMPANY,
Publishers and Proprietors,
BALTIMORE, MD.
GOOD CHEER FOR CHRISTMAS.
The Turkey.
It sometimes happens that the wor
ry and the work incidental to Christ
mas preparations are greatly increas
ed by the false notion that the cook
ing, to be'properly done, must neces
sarily be unusually long and com
plicated. As a matter of fact, there
is no better way of cooking a turkey
than to roast it before a clear fire,
basting it continually. This, how
ever, is not always possible, and
many people are obliged to use gas
stoves. In such a case it should be
borne in mind that if the gas be
turned too full on the flesh will be
done before the forcemeat with which
the bird is stuffed has fairly begun
to cook. Therefore, taking, for in
stance, a turkey weighing ten pounds,
and having filled the inside with any
desired forcemeat, heat the oven ci
the gas stove for ten minutes, and
put two or three tablespoonfuls of
good beef dripping in the dripping
pan. Spit the turkey securely, leave
the gas full on for five minutes, then
reduce the gas to half full on, and
cook for two hours and a quarter;
turn the gas full on, and in ten min
utes it will be ready for the table.
The Stuffing.
A most important factor in the
success of roast turkey is the stuffing.
Sausage meat is the usual ingredient
employed, made as follows: Take
two parts of lean pork to one of fat.
Mix this with an equal quantity of
bread crumbs, a good slice of butter
and a seasoning of salt, pepper and
mace. Pound all together in a mor
tar and bind with the yolks of a cou
ple of eggs. Oysters make an excel
lent forcemeat for roast turkey. Get
eighteen or twenty very fresh oys
ters, oeard them, and cut them into
quarters. Grate enough bread
crumbs to fill a half-pint measure,
and an ounce and half of butter in
small pieces. Mix all these together
with a good flavoring of herbs and a
seasoning of salt, pepper and grated
nutmeg. Bind with two well-beaten
eggs.
QUICKLY LEARNED.
Friend—You took your son into
your establishment some months ago
to teach him the business, I under
stand. How did it turn out?
Business Man (wearily)—Great
success. He’s teaching me now.—
Tit-Bits.
AHHISTOH MABBLE WORKS
==KS=xsssssssssssaEsssßßsatsxeasssßßaß=ssßaM3
I H DIMENSION*
Hi DUo>«w Zft. x I ft. alia.
SUQH Base I ft. 4 la. *lola c 6
*“•
|TOntfiMM Bottos, but I ft. S la. 1 1
K 2 la. * JO In.
Tout Hrighth 3 ft. * to,
gfeggßK Weight JW Ibc
Tbisbcsuuful icvsuncm
01 ourbh, to-
- H eluding. o.m«. dusofbinh
■ ■ sad de.ih, delivered st your
dc,« m i »err low arica.
Prises oa Urgw daw
Quoted oo request
’i-J' - M Write tar p.-iuM*aotAer
--—J
ANNISTON MARBLE WORKS .
ANNISTON, ALABAMA
W 3efftr*onlaß
This Year Will Make History For or
Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests w-s but the first great battle
against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief obiect of attack.
If yoa are a farmer y u are vi’aliy interested i■-.> this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts ot organized fanners is The National
Cooperate r and Farm Journal. It as been removed from Dallas to Ft. Worth, Texas, and is pub
lished under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union of Texas, and is also recognized as the official
journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-opera’o has corr spo dents in every State where there is an organization of
farmers, and if you want to keop posted on the movement and also the movements of the opposition,
you cann ta r ord to miss an issue. *
Subscription $1 00 per year, but.it id worth twenty times the price. AGENTS WANTED. •
THE NATIONAL C J-OPERATOR - - Fort Worth, Texas.
A Bargain In Law Books
English and American Encyclopedia of Law, 32 volumes
and supplements, complete.
Encyclopedia of Pleading and Practice, 30 volumes and
supplements, complete.
In fine condition. Can be bought cheap for cash,
or on reasonable terms.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, • ■ Thomson, Ga.
A DOLLAR BILL
Inclosed in an envelope, with your name and address, will bring you
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
FOR TWELVE MONTHS
You cannot afford to miss a number. In every issue throughout 1909
will be one of those inimitable, chatty, personal, historical and bio
graphical sketches by Mr. Watson the little things which bring history
right home to you and make you live with the great personages and take
part in the mighty pageantries of vrrished days.
The History of the Life and Times of Andrew Jackson will re-com
mence in the January number the earliest moment at which it could be
resumed. The Educational Department will also be restored.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, :: Thomson, Ga.
20,000 Grafted Paper Shell
PECAN TREES
3to 4;<4 to 5; sto 7 and 7to 9 feet. Write me for
book on pecan culture and prices on trees.
C. A. YANCEY, Bunkie, La.
JOUANNET’S GIANT ARGENTEUIL ASPARAGUS ARE THE
BEST. Price: 100 Roots $1; 1000 for $5.
JOUANNET’S CABBAGE PLANTS GIVE SATISFACTION. ALL
Leading Varieties. Prices: 1000 for $1.25; 5000 and over $1 a
1000.
Everything shipped from Charleston, S. C. Cash with order! please.
A I,FRED JOUANNET, Mount Pleasant, S. C.
SUSPENDERS
Sensible. Useful Gifts for ihe Holidays
rrisF-glnff ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN HANDSOME SINGLE FAIR BOXES
They contain more and better rubber than any other make. have U o]d. Wv
xMHRKW jilt non-rusting metal parts and strong cord ends that cannot rear uOwMB
JHKOEjW through. The new back free actum permits case and comfort no fe-*/
matter what position the body may assume. \
fiffKffltWvEy They outwear three ordinary kinds, which menna
OSSnSwwl three times the service of usual 50 cent sorts. \ A
AHHM The Most Comfortable Suspender Made for Man. Youth or Boy St(V it
a 1“ Licht. Heavy or Extra Heavy Weights. Extra L ui; (No E.'.traCc.i) I V-
3 They make inexpensive gifts every man, youth or boy will gladly receive I V -YSjW
I HIWKS & POTTIR, Dcpt jjoi E7 Lincoln bt., Heston, Mass. I
■— ■ OurusefulßtnxDooSvsrairDXßCoMii.eDCAßimailedforlOc. postage. Instructive I
g booklet, ‘ ’Style, or How to Dress Correctly, ‘ ’ free if you mention this publication I