first term. The fact that Mr. Roosevelt
was called upon, as Vice-President, to
serve out nearly the whole of McKinley’s
’second term, does not alter the case.
The sound constitutional view is that the
Vice-President, Ayhen called to the Presi
dency by the death of the President, takes
the place of the President who died, and
the term served out is that of the de
ceased. Roosevelt’s so-called first term
was, in law, Mr. McKinley’s second term.
It was not the term of Mr. Roosevelt at
all.
Consequently, we think the Republicans
not only made a huge blunder in consti
tutional law, but in political strategy as
well, when they failed to nominate Mr.
Roosevelt again.
The substitution of any Republican,
not of the LaFollette type,'will inevitably
be taken as a reaction against the Roose
velt policies. No matter how often and
how emphatically it may be proclaimed
that Mr. T'aft stands for “my policies,”
it is impossible to escape the fact that
the powerful enemies Mr. Roosevelt has
made among the corporation magnates
have no dread of Taft.
In fact, Mr. Roosevelt’s threat, “If they
don’t take Taft, they’ll get me,” had much
to do with Taft’s overwhelming majority.
The mere idea of having four years more
of Theodore was what the average cor
poration magnate just couldn’t stand. To
escape that consummation by accepting
Taft was, from the corporation point of
view, getting off light.
Therefore, we think that Mr. Taft
starts off handicapped by the general im
pression that he is satisfactory to Wall
Street and the barons who control the
Trusts.
Unless we are greatly mistaken, Mr.
1 aft will find this handicap a very serious
matter, indeed, for the American people
will logically distrust any candidate who
is supported by the exploiters of Special
Privilege.
Against Mr. Taft, personally, nothing
whatever can be said. The country at
large agrees that he is a big-minded,
big-hearted, courageous, honest and man
ly man. As a worker and a fighter, his
record is stretched from Panama to the
Philippines, and this record of work and
Combat presents the same curious mosaic
of sudden fights and unexpected concilia
tions that we find in the record of Mr.
Taft’s immortal chief.
As a public man, Mr. Taft has come
in for a fair share of censure. His injunc
tion decisions went too far in the inter
est of capital against labor. As we recol
lect his rulings, he made use of injunc
tions to compel engineers and train-crews
to continue to work, when they wanted
to quit.
This use of the Writ of Injunction is a
perversion of its true legal meaning.
Never before in the history of jurispru
dence was a workman compelled, by legal
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
process, to keep on working, when he
wished to stop.
Inasmuch as Mr. Taft and Mr. Roose
velt utterly failed in their efforts to se
cure the adoption, by the convention, of
the anti-injunction plank which had been
agreed on by Mr. Roosevelt and Mr.
Gompers, it is probable that those decis
ions made by Mr. Taft, when he was a
judge, will hamper him seriously now
that he is a candidate before the people.
*
Another matter which Mr. Taft’s can
didacy may bring to the front, to the in
jury of the Republican ticket is the rela
tions of the Republican chiefs to the
Catholic Church.
There is no subject upon which our
people are more justly sensitive than up
on that of political dickerings and deals,
between the heads of religious organiza
tions and heads of political parties.
There is much circumstantial evidence
going to prove that the Catholic hier
archy is steadily strengthening its grip
upon our federal government. During
the last twenty years, a great many mil
lions of dollars of the people’s money
have been taken out of the public treas
ury and handed over to the Catholics.
If this isn’t a violation of both the
letter and the spirit of our Constitution,
it would be impossible to do anything
that would outrage that fundamental law.
Time and again, Congress has voted
away the people's money to the Catholic
institutions of Washington City. The
manner in which the priests come to
Washington, presenting papers “signed”
by the cross-marks of roving Indians,
and rake out millions of dollars’ - from the
treasury, is nothing less than a national
scandal.
'rhe gift of $7,000,000 to the Catholic
Friars, for their alleged titles to land
in the Philippine Islands, is a matter with
which Mr. Taft was directly connected,
and which he may be called upon to ex
plain. The true story of how the Cath
olic Friars got those “titles,” would no
doubt make interesting reading.
A more recent appropriation of public
funds to the Catholic Church was the
$400,000 voted this year. 'Hie money was
demanded as damages done to church
property by the United States during the
Philippine war.
We are told that damages to the
amount of $20,000 was done to property
in New York last week by the target
practice of the big guns of Uncle Sam.
Will Congress vote an appropriation to
cover these damages?
Certainly, not.
Yet why not —if Congress did right in
voting the $400,000 to the Catholic
Church ?
As to the Platform which Mr. Taft is
to run on, that means something or noth
ing, according to the point of view.
she common sense construction of the
document is this: “We Republicans are
satisfied with our record, and we are
going to make as much more of the same
sort as the country will let us make. You
see what we have done and are doing;
if you like the output, don’t fire the men
that are on the job.”
One of the most comical parts of the
platform is that in which the writer
skates swiftly over the subject of the
panic. The Republicans refer to it as a
slight temporary “disturbance,” which
they handled so deftly that it soon passed
away and is now a vague reminiscence.
Another humorous feature of the plat
form is the labored effort to state wherein
the Republican Party differs from the
Democratic.
This is very funny, indeed.
If a select party of persons were rid:
ing at ease in a splendid vehicle, drawn
by two fine horses, and one of the
horses should begin an argument with
the other to prove that he was a very
much better horse than his trace-mate,
the people in the carriage might say:
“Your dispute is an idle one. We
chose both of you, and your business is
to draw this carriage. Talk less and pull
more. We need the full strength of both
of you —one of you being as necessarv as
"the other to the progress of the carriage
in which we ride.”
At Chicago, one of the horses has
talked; at Denver the other will soon
neigh ; but to the beneficiaries of Special
Privilege the dispute between the horses
is never a matter of much concern, so
long as both of them pull the carriage.
Selah.
* * «
The Stray Dog Nuisance.
After all, the dog is but the tamed
wolf. As long as you keep him about
you, he remains useful and, in most cases,
harmless. But the moment you allow
him to roam at large, night and day, he
begins to lose his domesticated character,
and he gradually reverts to wolfishness.
It is the stray dog that kills sheep. If
he can not find sheep to destroy, he will
prey upon geese, ducks, chickens, or any
other fowl or animal that tempts his wolf
ish ferocity. These stray dogs frequently
roam in packs and, at night, are extreme
ly fierce and dangerous. To say nothing
of loss of property, these vagrant dogs
are a serious menace to human life. The
fangs of one of these creatures may com
municate hydrophobia at any time; and
you rarely know of your danger until
you are bit.
A man who owns a valuable dog ought
to keep it at home. The man who allows
his dog to roam anywhere and every
where maintains a nuisance. He ought
not to blame anybody but himself when
such a dog is killed by some neighbor
who feels that he has the right to protect
his premises.
If dogs are to be allowed to roam at
large, they should at least be muzzled.
It ought to be a misdemeanor for the
citizen to wilfully permit an unmuzzled
dog to roam the whole neighborhood,
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE