of Paris, and thus put a stop to a war which
was making heroes out of shad-belly Shafter,
little Joe Wheeler and Strenuous Ted’dy,—
leaving nothing to Bryan but camp flies and
dysentery.
Well, see how T heodore is keeping his hand
in. Having made a monkey out of Bryan in
the last campaign, he pretends to go off to
Africa to shoot big game. Bryan comes out
of. his hole to make sarcastic remarks about
“tigers in Africa.” Then Theodore and all the
nature fakers club in on Bryan and remind the
poor old chap that there ain’t no such things
as tigers in Africa. Whereupon W. J. B. pulls
the hole in after him.
Theodore sails away to Italy, his publicity
agent accompanying, primed for business.
Does Teddy pace the deck?
The news is wirelessly flashed to us.
Thanks, awfully.
Does Teddy shake hands with the passen
gers? We are told of it, effusively. Does he
dance with a girl? We get it for early break
fast. Does he fall into the water? Does some
body want to kill him? Does somebody else
want to hug him? Do the police manifest
anxiety? Do crowds turn out to stare and
cheer ? Does the King of Italy come to shake
hands? We are not allowed to miss a detail.
We fairly live and move in Teddy, every day.
As to Booker and Bryan, they are not any
where in sight. Nobody, at present, knows
what either of them is doing and nobody cares.
We have eyes and ears for Theodore, only.
It is true that an obscure item in the papers
informs us that a North Carolina man has
been blessed with triplets, and that he has
named all three after the Nebraska sounding
board ; but later dispatches reveal the fact that
this man has only recently become convinced
that Andrew Jackson is dead, and therefore
we consider his case sporadic, and not entirely
hopeless.
Roosevelt’s luck is standing by him. The
dagoes believe that the SBOO,OOO, which our
fool Government sent over there to relieve the
earthquake sufferers, came out of Theodore’s
pocket. The 240 homes for Italians that have
already been built by American workmen, out
of American materials, are believed to be the
result of Roosevelt’s individual exertions. The
1,240 other homes for destitute Italians, that
we are constructing over there, are apparently
accepted as Teddy’s personal donation.
Consequently, Roosevelt has been the hero
of the hour in fair Italia. He has been saluted,
feasted, toasted, cheered, ovated and deliriously
made much of, until his journey resembles a
royal progress.
At least, that is the impression his publicity
agent makes on us, and we guess that the p. a.
can not have invented all of it.
Theodore is now on his way from Italy to
Africa; and soon as he gets there, and the
circus begins the performance, we will let our
readers know what happens.
n m h
Reb. C. A. Norton's Charges.
Our readers will remember a letter signed
T. J. Pilcher, published in this paper two
weeks ago, calling Mr. Watson’s attention to
the fact that a parson, angered by the foreign
missions articles, had accused Mr. Watson
and Ex-Governor 11. D. McDaniel of having
“swindled the heirs of one A. J. Roberts out
of an estate of $90,000.” Mr. Watson was ac
cused of losing variable papers which caused
the loss of an estate, and that soon afterwards
McDaniel and Watson “built palatial houses
and have lived in luxury ever since.” The nec
essary inference was that Watson lost the pa
pers so that he and McDaniel could rob the
estate, build palaces, and live happily, like na
bobs, ever afterwards.
Our readers may remember the editorial in
which it was stated that if the parson, one C,
Gfoa 3effersoniaiT
A. Norton, had ever said anything to the effect
aforesaid, said parson had lied.
You may likewise remember that in last
week’s paper, appeared a card from Ex-Gov.
McDaniel in which he stated that Mr. Watson
had no connection with the case, and that THE
MONEY OF THE ESTATE WAS PAID
OUT ACCORDING TO A DECISION OF
THE SUPREME COURT, which gave it to
Greene County for educational purposes, in
spite of the efforts of the Allison legatees to
break the will.
In the meantime, we received a letter from
Mr. Norton asking whether we would publish
a reply from him. Os course we answered that
we would. His card, therefore, appears in
this week’s paper.
He denies that he used the language at
tributed to him by Mr. Pilcher, but he says,—
“Fourth. Furthermore, I said that the heirs
had never received or had gotten any part of
that estate; and that the last account of the
estate it was in the hands of Mr. McDaniel, as
Executor, and yourself, as the legal representa
tives of the heirs.”
Gov. McDaniel has already stated, over his
own signature, the positive fact that the estate
was paid out according to law and that none
of it remained in his hands.
The statement of Norton that Mr. Watson
ever was in possession of that estate, or any
part thereof, IS A MOST OUTRAGEOUS
FALSEHOOD. Nor was he, Watson, ever,
for a moment, the legal representative of the
heirs.
In his communication, Mr. Norton includes
a certificate from Mr. A. J. Roberts, to the
effect that in 1869, or 1870, he turned over to
Mr. Watson some copy of some paper, relating
to this estate.
Mr. Roberts, whose identity we did not fix
until the receipt of the Norton letter, is labor
ing under some honest mistake. He could not
have given Mr. Watson valuable papers con
cerning a lawsuit in 1869, or in 1870, for Mr.
Watson was at that time a student of the
schools at Thomson, —a lad of thirteen or
fourteen.
At the time when the Supreme Court de
cided the Allison case (see 46 Ga. Reports, p.
88, and those following). Mr. Watson was a
clerk in the store of T. E. Massengale, at Nor
wood. That fall, he went off to college, a 16
year old youngster.
To be specific, it was in March, 1872, that
the Supreme Court of Georgia decided this
case against the Allison legatees, and in favor
of “the poor children of Greene County.”
The case sounds,
“David A. Newsome, Ordinary et al.,
Plffs. in Error,
vs.
Thomas M. Starke, Administrator, et al.,
Defts. in Error,
The law-firm of Reese & Reese represented
the Ordinary; and the Allison legatees were
represented by Miles W. Lewis, Joel A. Bil
lups, and Henry D. McDaniel.
The subject of the litigation was the estate
of Gwyn Allison, not that of A. J. Roberts, or
Mrs. Starke.
Gwyn Allison, in April, 1865, made his will,
and died in the same year. William L. Strain
qualified as Executor, —not H. D. McDaniel,
as Norton states.
The 10th item of the will gave $20,000 to the
education of poor children, not $15,000, as
Norton states.
Now, when Gwyn Allison made his will he
had such a large number of negroes that he
probably considered the $20,000 bequest a
small charge upon the estate. But the slaves
were freed and values of all kinds were de
moralized, and the legacies in Allison’s will
had to abate, because there was not sufficient
fpnds to pay them in full.
Various persons of the name of Allison (it
does not appear of record that they were the
children of testator) came into the Superior
Court seeking to set aside the $20,000 bequest
to “the poor children of Greene County.”
The complainants alleged that they were
legatees under the will, and that they had had
to take less than their legacies called for, be
cause of the loss of the slave property of the
estate. They therefore prayed the Court to
give to THEM the $20,000 which the testator
had bequeathed to “The poor children of
Greene County.”
It was alleged in the complaint of these Alli
sons, that the executor had already paid $4,-
585.30 on the $20,000' bequest.
Attacking the tenth item of the will as void
for uncertainty, the complainants sought to
have turned over to themselves, “and to the
other legatees,” the said $4,585.30. They also
prayed “that said William L. Strain, executor,
be decreed to account to complainants for any
balance of said estate which he may have in
his hands.”
Strain died pending the litigation, and James
L. Brown was put in possession of the estate,
as Administrator of the goods not adminis
tered, with the will annexed.
We have been careful to examine the 46th
Georgia Reports, in order that the exact facts
might be presented. It is doubtful if the Rev.
C. A. Norton has ever examined the record.
It would be charitable to assume that he is
so densely ignorant of the legal administration
of estates that he does not know that Mc-
Daniel and Watson could not have secured
possession of the funds without the collusion
of Brown, the Administrator, and of the Ordi
nary of Greene County; and also of Miles W.
Lewis and Joel A. Billups.
It is now nearly 37 years since the Allison
case was adjudicated by our highest Court.
After that decision, there was nothing in it
for the alleged heirs. Governor McDaniel says
that it took practically all the estate to pay
off the $20,000 bequest. He says that he set
tled with his client. That Messrs. Billups and
Lewis also settled with theirs, we have no
doubt, for they were lawyers of the highest
character.
If the Administrator turned over the
Allison estate to any lawyers, fthose
three were the ones, for they were the
attorneys of rerord. Mr. Watson knew
nothing of it, and was probably teaching
school in Screven County when the small rem
nant of the Allison assets were divided be
tween those three big lawyers and their clients.
Mr. Watson returned to his old home,
Thomson, in November, 1876. His first white
client was A. J. Roberts. From that time
until now, the friendship that has existed be
tween Mr. Watson and Mr. Roberts has been
warm, unselfish and unbroken. If ever Mr.
Roberts spoke to Mr. Watson about the Alli
son estate, —which he may have done, —he
certainly was not encouraged to litigate, for
it was apparent at a glance that nothing could
be done. Mr. Roberts must have acquiesced
in this view, for nothing was done, and noth
ing attempted.
Since Mr. Roberts asserts that he put Mr.
Watson in possession of some copy of some
paper, we will not dispute the fact, though we
have no recollection of it; but it must be
clear to all that the WILL OF GWYN ALLI
SON was the important paper in the case;
and the fatal tenth clause, which knocked the
heirs out of the box, is embodied in the Su
preme Court report. Consequently, if Mr.
Watson had a copy, which he lost, nobody
was hurt. And our friend, Roberts, who has
always been an honored guest at the Watson
home, and who could not do or say anything
that would cause the old man to cease to love
him, has never intimated the least desire that
Mr, XVatsou establish a copy of the lost
(Continued on Twelve.)
PAGE NINE