We waste enormous sums feeding our soils
on badly balanced fertilizer pftions —like a
child using a pint of with one help
ing of batter-eakfiis, or giving a horse four
bundles of fodder with a half feed of corn—
and we pay pillions of dollars for nitrogen
that we oivght to get Tree from the air by
growing/peas and clover, and we lose other
enor/smus sums by buying low-grade goods be
cawse they are cheaper in price per ton —not
observing that they are dearer in proportion
to the plant food they contain.
We do not urge our farmers to buy less fer
tilizer; we do urge them to buy more judi
ciously.
And to the millions that are lost through
reckless buying and reckless handling of com
mercial fertilizers, we must add as many mil
lions more that are lost every year by our
failure to live up to our opportunities for
making and saving barnyard manures and for
growing legumes; our lands perishing for lack
of humus and vegetable matter while we dose
them with pitiable dribbles of low-grade fer
tilizers !
The fertilizer manufacturers of America
ought to join the farm papers in a crusade for
more legumes and more barnyard manure.
Without these to give life and body to our
soils, commercial fertilizers are a mere ex
pedient and makeshift, iperely postponing the
certain day of gullied waste and exhaustion.
What the southern farmer needs mor® than
anything else is to stop land-robbing and start
land-building. The soil is the farmer’s cap
ital stock, and the bank which is feeding on
its capital stock instead of increasing it is no
surer doomed to failure and bankruptcy than
is the farmer who is letting his soil get poor
er instead of richer. The soils in Europe that
have made good crops a thousand years, and
are still making them, are a living rebuke for
all of us here in the south —shame upon us
who are wasting in one generation the land
heritage that God intended we should keep
fertile for our children’s children through
thousands and thousands of years. And we
are wasting it, too, in spite of the fact that
of all the great crops hat men grow, cotton —
when the seed or tfieir equivalent are re
turned to the soil —makes the lightest draft
on the fertility of the land. —Progressive
Farmer.
SENATOR CLAY’S LETTER.
•f
Washington, D. C., Jan. 14, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Tom: I have your favor. Bailey and
myself had discussed the question of deposit
ing the treasury notes in banks and agreed to
treat all banks alike, both state and nation
al. I can see the manifest injustice of al
lowing national banks to receive deposits and
depriving state banks of the same right. I
don’t believe in the theory that banks ough£
to furnish the people money. I do not wish
to become committed to a financial system au
thorizing money to be deposited in banks from
the treasury of the Government to loan to the
people. I do not believe that we ought to
raise by taxation any more money than is
needed to pay the expenses of the Government
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
honestly and economically administered. I
think it a vicious principle to allow a large
amount of money surplus to accumulate in
the treasury, to be deposited in banks to be
loaned to the people. This bill, introduced
by me, was crudely drawn to meet the pres
ent situation. I believe in gold and silver
and a paper currency issued by the Govern
ment based upon the faith and credit of the
Government. Os conrse, the quantity of paper
money must be limited to the needs of the
country and I believe that such paper cur
rency can be kept as good as gold and sil
ver, so long as our country is on a sound
financial basis. Os course, in time of war if
the Government was seriously imperilled,
treasury notes might depreciate. If we could
issue notes and pay off part of the indebted
ness of the Government, then the treasury
notes would find their way into the different
channels of trade and assist materially in
carrying on the business of the country. I
believe our present indebtedness could have
been floated by the issue of treasury notes
instead of bonds and these notes could have
been kept as good as gold and silver. Now
we would have some difficulty in going into
the market and buying our bonds with treas
ury notes because they are payable in gold.
This was a mistake. Every step we have tak
en in our finances, in my judgment, has been
wrong and vicious in principle. When we
provided for the construction of the Panama
Canal, instead of issuing interest-bearing
bonds to pay for its construction, we could
have issued treasury notes and paid for it
and saved the interest on these bonds to the
American people and the notes so issued would
have been valuable in carrying on the business
of the country. We are now paying about
twenty-four millions of dollars per year in
terest on our bonded indebtedness. We are
only floating three hundred and forty-six
millions of non-interest bearing notes and
these notes are just as good as gold and sil
ver and I believe we could easily float seven
or eight hundred millions of treasury notes or
probably more, and keep them good. At the
beginning of the Spanish-American war, we
only owed about five hundred millions of dol-
BUTTONS, BUTTONS, BUTTONS!
The National Farmers’ Union decided that the button, with a picture of Next Gres
ham engraved thereon, should be sold by Mias Lutie Gresham (his daughter) of Point, Texas.
The National Union decided that these buttons should be sold for twenty-five cents
each. Every member of the Farmers’ Union should wear one of these buttons. Send
yeur orders direct to Miss Lutie Gresham. Point, Texas.
Phinizy & Co.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
lars. I feel reasonably sure this entire in
debtedness could have been floated in treas
ury notes. Ido not mean to say that we could
issue paper money in an unlimited quantity.
I do not mean to convey the idea that I am
in favor of a depreciated currency. This is
a great, strong and powerful Government and
could easily carry one billion of dollars in
treasury notes, non-interest bearing and made
legal tender in the payment of debts. I do
not favor the Aldrich bill and cannot vote for
it. I do not believe that national banks
should be allowed the exclusive privilege of
purchasing national bonds, state, city, county
and municipal bonds and a certain class of
railroad bonds and deposit them with the
Government for the purpose of receiving mon
ey issued by the Government. Our Govern
ment was founded upon the theory that no
special privilege should be granted to any cit
izen or any corporation but that equal and
fai> treatment should be accorded to every
one. I am firmly fixed in these views because
I believe them to be right and in the interest
of justice and fair play. When the (govern
ment coins and issues our circulating medium,
the Government is presumed to act, keep
ing in view the interest of all of our citizens,
but when this privilege is transferred to a few
individuals or corporations, favoritism neces
sarily follows and an injustice is done the
American people.
This matter will come up for discussion
probably the latter part of this month. I
see little hope for the views entertained
by the Democrats to prevail. The present
system of allowing banks to issue money, I
believe, will receive most of the Republican
votes but we can make an issue and press it
vigorously and that issue must be decided by
the American people.
With kind regards, I am,
Very truly yours,
A. S. CLAY.
Knowledge is proud that he has learned so
much;
Wisdom is humble that he knows no more.
—William Cowper.
PAGE SEVEN