Georgia Election Aftermath,
Every four years our Southern Democratic
papers are filled with confident predictions of
land slides, tidal waves, etc., which are to put
their national candidates in full possession of
the electoral college. In 1896, in 1900, in 1904.
in 1908, the dreary story has been the same.
This year the prophets were even more bois
terows than usual, and the land-slide racket was
worked to the limit. Yet these very papers were
doing good work against Bryan by publishing,
free of cost, the campaign speeches of Taft and
the campaign letters of Roosevelt.
The Pops would have been mighty glad to
have received the same good treatment that the
Democratic papers gave to the Republican can
didate.
* • ♦
A few days before the election the Atlanta
Constitution declared that Georgia should give
Bryan a majority of 40,000 or 50,000.
Instead of this he got only 13,491, the small
est majority given to any Democratic Presiden
tial candidate since the Civil War. We have
received many letters telling in detail of refus
als of managers (Democrats) at precincts
known to be Populist to open the polls. Also
of bogus ballots put into the box for Bryan.
Also of Populist ballots thrown out. Also of
illegal ballots counted for Bryan. Therefore,
it is exceedingly doubtful whether Bryan got
anvthing like the vote credited to him.
* * *
The heavy rains that fell over a large portion
of the state on Nov. 3rd kept many of our men
at home. The Taft and Bryan vote, being
largest in the towns and cities, was not so
much lessened bv the bad weather as the Popu
list vote which is confined principally to rural
communities.
Besides, many of our men had been made
to believe that they were bound by the June
primary. As a matter of fact, we would not
have advised our friends to go into the primary
had not the agreement been that it did not bind
as to any future election. The resolution adopt
ed by the Democratic Executive Committee
expressly stated the terms of the agreement.
When our men fulfilled the requirements of
the June primary by voting for the nominees
in the October election, their contract had been
kept. The November election was a “future
election” in which they were at liberty to vote
as their convictions dictated.
It was very manly in Clark Howell and Benj.
Blackburn to publish statements showing that,
by the express terms of the rules of the Demo
cratic Committee, nobody was bound any fur
ther than the October election. And it was
very dishonest in Hoke Smith to publish a
statement to the contrary. Had he been the
victor in the June primary, his position on that
matter would have been different.
* * •
The election should teach us Jeffersonians
one thing. If we ever expect to succeed, we
must organize. In this campaign we had no
organization, and no campaign fund. From the
National Committee we received several hun
dred dollars, and in response to the appeal of
the Jeffersonian we got a small sum contribu
ted by Pops throughout this state. The balance
Mr. Watson put up, the sum total being up
wards of three thousand dollars. The items of
expense were the rental of theatres, the pay
for music, travelling expenses of speakers,
printing bills, expressage and postage on tick
ets and literature, extra numbers of the Jeffer
sonian, and cost of having Democratic papers
print Mr. Watson’s last Atlanta speech. This
item ran up into the hundreds.
Mr. Taft did not have to pay the Georgia pa
pers to carry his speeches, day after day; nor
did Mr. Roosevelt have to pay advertising rates
to have the Georgia papers publish his lengthy
letters.
But Mr. Watson had to pay, not only for the
publication of his speech, but for the cards of
Judge Hines and Walter Brown.
the jeffersonian
This is a people’s fight that we have been
making, and we can not believe that the people
themselves will refuse to help us make it. We
are confident that there are tens of thousands
of Populists, good men and true, who are
ready and willing to co-operate. We would be
glad to hear from our friends. Write to us and
tell us what you think of the present situation
and our prospects for the future. Should we
hold a conference? If so where and when?
• ♦ ♦
The Hearst ticket made a surprisingly poor
show. It seems almost incredible that less than
a votes should be the crop, after so
much blowing of horns, kicking up dust, pero
rating and money spending.
The circus gave a grand performance in Al
bany, but didn’t receive a single vote in that
city or in Dougherty county. In Thomasville,
also, the Hearst troupe played nobly, —so nobly
indeed that the whole county gave the Hearst
ticket seven votes. No wonder Hisgen de
clares that he feels encouraged.
« ♦ •
The Republican party in Georgia owes Hoke
Smith a rising vote of thanks. The amend
ment to the Disfranchisement law gave the ne
groes another chance, qnd Taft received a vote
which made the dishes rattle. Some of the
blacks swelled the Bryan vote, but most of
them went for Taft.
There wasn’t any necessity for that amend
ment. The new books could easily have been
made, for the lists were already prepared, and
the work was only a matter of copying. Be
sides, the Legislature could have made the elec
tion managers registrars pro tern, and thus the
vote purged of the disqualified.
• * *
What impressed me most during the cam
paign was the fervor, the heartfelt earnestness
of those who embrace our principles. Not even
in the Nineties was this enthusiasm greater
and deeper. Had I been able to visit each
county and to leave an organization behind me
to continue the work, there is no doubt that we
would have carried the state. But not being
able to make more than about forty speeches,
(for the two Jeffersonians demanded much of
my time.) and not being able to perfect county
organizations, the two old cronies—the Demo
cratic and Republican parties —had a vast ad
vantage over us.
* * •
The Democratic papers which lied most lus
tily in accusing us of being “hired by Taft” ap
pear to be extremely happy because of Taft’s
election. They are clamoring for him to come
to Georgia to receive the ovation which they
are eager to give him.
For years and years the Pops were ridiculed
and abused as the nigger party, and yet we
have lived to see tens of thousands of the city
and town “business men” line up with the nig
gers and vote for Taft.
At heart, the majority of the “business men”
of our towns and cities are Republicans. Now
that the fear of Negro Domination has been re
moved, (thanks to the Populists,) we expect
to see the white men of wealth in our towns
and cities go over to the Republican party,
* • •
Just after the election of 1906, the Hoke
Smith Atlanta Journal printed an editorial in
which a mathematical demonstration was made
of the fact that Watson and the Pops had noth
ing to do with Hoke’s election.
While the Journal did not print any editorial
proving that Watson and the Pops had nothing
to do with Hoke’s defeat in the June primary,
it now gloats editorially over the “Fallen Wat
son.”
This makes the third time that Hoke has ex
ulted over the downfall of Watson.
Perhaps Hoke has come no nearer the truth
this time than on the other two occasions.
We shall see, bye and bye,
My Hat Off to the Seventeen Thousand.
Bryan was a more attractive candidate to the
average Georgian than was the unknown Judge
Parker; four years of disorganization had in
tervened ; the doing of what I considered my
duty in two state campaigns had to some ex
tent divided my friends; there was the coinci
dent antagonism of the Republicans and the
two Democratic state factions; there was lack
of time to reach the voters, and there was the
rainy day which plays havoc with the country
vote; 80,000 men who voted in the June pri
mary did not go to the polls, —consequently the
Populist vote in Georgia was not relatively
smaller than in 1904.
‘ Let no selfish politician delight his soul with
the rapturous belief that “at last Watson is
dead.”
Analyze the vote, and see where it comes
from. Note how many counties the negroes
who were voting their last time carried to Taft.
Note how evenly the Pop vote is distributed
throughout the state, and how the constitution
al rule which Hoke tried to abolish makes it
practically certain that Populist principles will
dominate old Georgia, and will exercise the
controlling influence in the choice of state
house candidates. WE HOLD THE BAL
ANCE OF POWER IN THE COUNTRY
COUNTIES, AND THE COUNTRY COUN
TIES RULE THE STATE.
Those country counties are not going to for
get how the sly city politicians, headed by
Hoke, tried to rob them of political rights
which they had exercised for thirty years.
Besides, see how slight a change in the vote
would have added to the number of counties
we carried; and remember what might have
been had we been able to push the campaign
into every county.
Thousands of the Bryan voters are utterly
indifferent to Bryan. They voted from habit
and party loyalty. Thousands of those who
voted for Taft are indifferent to him. They
preferred him as a choice of evils.
But the Populist voters, almost to a man,
are devoted friends of their leader. Thousands
of them would die by him. They are with him
because they love him, and because of their
intense, unselfish devotion to the principles for
which he has stood for twenty years.
Don’t be discouraged, comrades.
I AM NOT.
Those Hoke Smith editors who are skirt
dancing over my downfall, have done that be
fore. They should know me better. No man
is whipped until he himself gives Up.
And you know me too well to think that I
will ever give up.
To the faithful seventeen thousand who voted
for Watson and Williams—from no motive in
God’s world but a sense of duty —I take off my
hat.
COMRADES, ONE AND ALL, I AM
PROUD OF YOU.
* * H
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
There are some things to feel thankful for in
connection with the last election.
In Missouri, Minnesota and New York good
men, were elected Governor, —men whom the
politicians did not want to see elected.
While Attorney General, Hadley, of Missou
ri, proved what kind of metal he is made of
by his fearless prosecution of the Trusts.
It was Hadley who went to New York and
made H. H. Rogers beg like a hungry dog af
ter Rogers had said that Missouri and her laws
could “go to hell.”
In Minnesota, Johnson, the man whom the
Democrats should have made their presidential
nominee, was elected Governor for the third•
time.
While Governor Johnson won by about 10,-
000, Mr. Bryan lost Minnesota by from 80,000
to 100,000. ~
But the greatest victory for the people was
won by Governor Hughes, of New York.
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE