was a personal consolation. He was red
headed, he was freckle-faced, he was
pgfiy, and he was plainly inoapable of ad
justing himself to human miscellany.
Said he to me, “Let us go out of this
crowd”—it was in the Kimball House
lobby, where human miscellany is apt to
be very miscellaneous, indeed —“and go
to some place where we can talk,” *
But we couldn’t manage It; and so we
never did get the chance to have that
soul-to-soul talk, which could only be
possible when just we two were together.
All the world acclaims Uncle Remus
and his folk-lore stories, and his high
place in literature as a writer of stories
is assured; but to my mind he never did
any better work than the poems and fugi
tive pieces which appeared long before
the day of Uncle Remus.
Those “Gipsy children” have a natural
grace and beauty that “is a joy forever.”
In the last letter I ever wrote him—a
letter which told how much I had always
admired and love him—l urged him to
make .a collection of those early sketches,
in order that they might be preserved as
a book. His health began to fail soon
after the letter was written, and 1 never
heard from him again.
*
In formal studied phrase, the profes
sional men of the world of letters will
eulogize the dead journalist and author —
the pre-eminent Southern .litterateur.
I —who am nothing more than a tenant
by sufferance in the realm where 1
stumbled because of the force of relent
less circumstance, and where I claim no
title to a foot of earth —come in all hu
mility and sorrow to put a wild flower
upon his grave.
He loved the birds—may they sing
sweetly where he rests. He loved the
trees and flowers—may the leaves whis
per while he sleeps and the flowers bloom
above his couch.
He loved his fellow man—may every
heart be tenderer and nobler because he
lived; may every eye be wet with tears
because he died.
*
The Preacher Killed Him.
“There was one man I called upon
Monday night who could have saved my
life with a few kind words. Instead, I
was rebuked and politely told to get out.”
This was the written statement found
in- the room of Charles Phillips, who put
an end to his life in Newark, N. J., last
Tuesday. The “one man” to whom refer
ence is made, is Rev. F. C. Mooney, a
Minister of the Gospel of Christ.
Phillips had become a drunkard —a con
firmed and apparently hopeless drunkard.
In other words, one of the most malig
nant diseases that can seize a human crea
ture had become his master. The Chris
tian Churches have been so busy found
ing and maintaining elaborate and expen
sive Missions, in China and other unre
deemed portions of the globe, that they
have not had time to systematize charity
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
work which, beginning at home, as it
should, contents itself with the beginning.
The drunkard is a leper who, in most
instances, can no more cure his malady
than the consumptive can heal his perish
ing lungs. To ignore this aspect of the
case is to take the wrong road in dealing
with it. The world is ready with help
for the leper, and the soul of humanity
is being mightily moved for the pallid
victims of the Great White Plague—but
what are we doing for that infinitely piti
able wreck, the drunkard?
Is it enough to cast him off? Is it
enough for his sisters to draw in the
skirt, or his brothers to veer to one side,
as we meet him in the street, lest we be
contaminated by his touch? Is it enough
to close the bar-room which made him
what he is, and force him to the side
street where they spike “near beer” with
villianous hell-fire?
A A''* -
'■ I
■ I
~ ‘ "z t-'v r .'lra
v/ z.x'c *>:• z s
S ' ; v \JmmwmMh I
wpS Bk
CHAS. PHILLIPS.
Oh, my brothers! Shall we never have
Houses of Refuge, along life’s reef-bound
coast, Th to whose open doors the’ ship
wrecked mariner can go for food when
hungrv, for shelter when homeless? The
sot should not be allowed to go at large,
nor should he be treated as a criminal;
HE SHOULD BE CONFINED, HU
MANELY SUPPORTED, AND GIVEN
CURATIVE TREATMENT.
Consider the case of Charles Phillips
—for it is typical. He had spent what
fortune he possessed; he could not hold a
job; his family had cast him off; and the
night which covered him was “dark as
the pit from pole to pole.”
But he yearned for hitman sympathy.
He hungered for a kind word. THERE
FORE HE WAS NOT BEYOND THE
REACH OF THE LIFE-SAVERS. And
it came to pass that as he looked about
him in his wretchedness, he saw in the
distance the light of what he took to be a
House of Refuge.
So he made his way toward the light,
in the belief that there, at least, he
would not be scolded, shunned or re
pelled.
For the house to which he went was
the Parsonage, WHERE DWELLS
THE MAN WHOSE BUSINESS IT IS
TO BE KIND — the minister of the re
ligion of Jesus Christ!
What divine compassion of the Master
that was which yearned over those who
were anhungered, naked, friendless, sick
and in prison! What splendor of cour
age that was which thrust its burnished
shield between that fallen woman and
her tormentors! What boundless human
sympathy there was in Him who would
not suffer the marriage feast to embar
rass the host and disappoint the guest
for lack of wine!
Yes, it was the Parsonage to which
the friendless drunkard made his way—
the parsonage where dwells the SHEP
HERD, WHOSE BUSINESS IT IS TO
TELL MANKIND OF THE RE
JOICINGS WITH WHICH HEAVEN
RINGS, WHEN THE LOST SHEEP
IS FOUND; the Parsonage where dwells
the man who celebrates the Last Supper
of his Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, by
lifting to his consecrated lips a cup ci
wine!
God! What is it that is hardening the
hearts of men—all the while that we ela-b
orate our pretenses, vociferate our pro
fessions and multiply our offerings?
All the world was black to the man,
Charles Phillips, and he said to himself,
in that bruised heart of his, “I will not
vet despair. Friends have forsaken me.;
my own brother has told me not to come
to his house; there is no friendly face
anywhere: let me seek the Minister of
Christ —of Christ who loved the poor, of
Christ who pitied the weak, of Christ who
saved the lost. The minister will have
a kind word for me,”
Poor fellow! At the parsonage, he did
not get the kind word he sought. He got
a lecture, instead. It isn’t a difficult task
to lecture a drunkard; almost anybody
can say to him, “I’m better than you. for
lam sober, while you’re drunk.” Charles
Phillips did not go to the preacher for a
sermon; the unhappy sot went to the
Reverend F. C. Mooney for a crumb of
comfort, AND HE COULDN’T GET IT.
Perishing of thirst, in a desert which
his infirmity had made for him, he
turned to the parsonage for a drink of
water —and it was not given him.
And as he was turned away, be said to
the preacher, “Well, I’m done; I shall be
a dead man when you next hear of me.”
Even then, the heart of the preacher
was not touched.
And the next time he heard of the suf
fering outcast, he was dead.
But the conscience of the Reverend
Mooney is untouched. Indeed, lye virtu
ally says —when asked about this fright
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE