it; gets a warehouse receipt from the gov
ernment upon which it can borrow money
from the banks; gets eight years’ credit
on paying 90 cents per gallon tax due on
the whiskey, and ill us lias the sub-iieas
ury system at work all the time.
Let no one think strange that the Whis
key Trust should enjoy such favors. No
body seems to think that such a ware
house arrangement between a whiskey
dealer and the government is at all un
natural.
But the moment you suggest a ware
house for cotton, and a warehouse re
ceipt upon which the owner of the cot
ton can borrow from Uncle Sam as great
a per cent of the value of cotton as Uncle
Sam lends to the whiskey dealer by de
ferring his tax, every one-horse office
holder, editor and demagogue in the
country yells in angry amazement.
The national bond-holder carries his
property, his bonds, and deposits them
with the government in a building pro
vided by law. Uncle Sam takes charge
of the deposit and issues a receipt there
for. Then he issues a loan on these
bonds. For every SIOO of bonds, he lends
the owner SIOO in paper money guaran
teed by himself. He charges one per
cent for the loan —leaving the bond-holder
to lend it again at whatever rate of inter
est he can get.
This is the sub-treasury plan of the
bondholders, and nobody thinks it un
natural. It is accepted as a matter of
course because the bond-holder is con
sidered such a high and mighty character
in the republic that it almost amounts to
sacrilege to question anything the gov
ernment does for him.
But the farmer?
When the poor, tax-ridden creature
comes up and with trembling lips ven
tures to discuss a plan of national loans
on his property similar to that enjoyed by
the bond-holder and the whiskey dealer,
he is so bull-ragged and brow-beaten by
his rulers that he collapses into helpless
submission. He has no nerve to resist
even when the government tells the na
tional banker, as it does do, that under
no circumstances must any of the money
he gets from Uncle Sam be loaned on
land.
Thus the farmer is completely fenced
out, by special law.
When Texas languished and agonized
under a great drouth which destroyed
all her planting seeds, and Congress had
come to her relief and voted her $20,000
to buy seeds to plant her crops again, did
not that inflated fraud, Cleveland, find
himself too virtuous and too strict a. con
structionist of the Constitution to sign
the bill ? Certainly he did. lie vetoed it
with the same pen which signed up the
acts by which Congress robbed the peo
ple of more than five times that paltry
sum of money in running the illegal bar
rooms, barber shops, restaurants, Con
gressional funerals, extra pay for em
ployes, the full $5,000 extra pay ab
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
lowed the widows of dead Congressmen.
Pity the farmer. He catches it all
around.
Under our infernal system of indirect
federal taxes he pays more than three
fourths of the entire expenses of the gov
ernment, and the only consolation he
gets when he growls is the advice of the
office-holders—“ Work harder and talk
less.”
•5 •? It
To My Triends.
I would be cold-hearted, indeed, were
I unappreciative of the generous co-oper
ation given me by so many friends
throughout the Union. They have helped
me zealously in building up the two Jef
fersonians. In one year, both of these
periodicals became self-sustaining at a
tm . when Hundreds of Farmers’ Union
papers were springing up, and when a
panic was dealing heavy blows to estab
lished publications.
The success of the two Jeffersonians
has not been due to the professional
agent. Nor has it been the work of those
.striving for the Premiums. The best re
sults have been obtained through the
unselfish generosity of those who wanted
to help for the sake of the cause.
This missionary zeal has been, is now,
and ever will be, the mainstay of my
paper and magazine.
I appreciate this deeply, sincerely and
gratefully.
It is a physical impossibility to an
swer all the letters which come along
with the remittances, but I thank you
none the less heartily, my friends, for
writing them.
H
AndrelvJackson’s Way.
A Democrat who lived in a county
where the Whigs had an overwhelming
majority, wrote to Andrew Jackson, ask
ing him whether the Democrats should
put out a ticket in that county.
Jackson replied:
“If there are only two Democrats in
your county, it is the duty of one of them
to become a candidate, and the duty of
the other to vote for him.”
A straight fighter was Jackson. He did
not fuse. He did not ground arms. He
flung out his flag, and fought.
This is a good time to be considering
Jackson’s precept and example.
What does the Republican Party stand
for, now?
The Lord, only, knows. We know pret
ty well what Roosevelt stands for, but is
he carrying his party with him? No.
The progress of that utterly vicious and
revolutionary Aldrich bill shows the dif
ference between the President and his
party. Mr. Roosevelt is assaulting Wall
Street, and the Aldrich bill is supporting
it.
No difference could be more vital.
What does the Democratic Party stand
for? . y . U
Officially, it occupies the same ground
that it occupied in the campaign of 1904.
Officially, the organization is in control
of Wall Street. August Belmont, the
Rothschild man; Tom Ryan, the Trac
tion-merger thief; Cord Meyer, the Sugar
Trust man; Bill Sheehan, the notorious
corporation agent; Tom Taggart, the
gambling hell man —these are in full con
trol of the machinery of the Democratic
Party.
Who can trust these men? Who can
follow them? Who can put faith in a
party which keeps such men at its head?
Mr. Bryan has changed his own posi
tion so often during the last four years
that no one can predict where he will be
after his national convention adjourns.
There is just one thing that you may
count on, and that is that the party can’t
lose Bryan. No matter what the plat
form ; no matter who controls the organi
zation, Bryan “stays put,” as a docile
party man.
After swallowing Parker and the gold
standard telegram—in the teeth of all that
he said about bolting —the dear old party
may count on William J., world without
end.
The only party that knows its own
mind, has never lowered its colors, is the
same in all sections, and which stands
for those distinctive doctrines to which
our Government was dedicated, is the
People’s Party.
Owing to Bryan’s ambition and mis
takes in 1896, the Populists were swept
away. Some joined the Socialists, some
went back to the Republicans, some to the
Democrats, and the remainder sank into
despondency.
In 1900 they polled 50,000 votes.
In 1904, they polled 113,000 votes.
Had not Bryan been in the field, work
ing for the Wall Street candidate, Judge
Parker, we would have been joined by
the Free Silver millions, and would have
been in position to elect Bryan or some
other Western man in 1908.
What must we now do? Nominate a
straight ticket, on our same old platform,
and call upon every citizen who conscien
tiously believes that we are right, to be
man enough to vote his convictions.
Mr. Bryan is now a Gold Standard
man.
More than that, he has declared him
self in favor of perpetuating the national
banking system. This would be the ef
fect of a governmental guarantee of na
tional bank deposits, such as he advo
cates.
I don’t see how he can defend a propo
sition which means that an honest, care
ful banker must be taxed to make good
the stealages, or mistakes, of the reck
less or dishonest banker.
It is an unsound principle —another
evidence of the fact that Mr. Bryan is, in
statesmanship, an Opportunist, forever
catching at plausible, popular sugges
(Continued on Page Twelve,). .
PAGE NINE