(Adopted at the National Convention held
at St. Louis, April 2 and 3, 1908.)
Preamble.
The People’s party of the United States in
convention assembled at St. Louis, Missouri,
this 2nd. day of April, 1908, with increased
confidence in its contentions, reaffirms the
declarations made by its national convention
at Omaha.
The adomonition of Washington’s fare
well; the state papers of Jefferson and the
words of Lincoln are the teachings of our
greatest apostles of human rights and po
litical liberty. There has been a departure
from the teachings of these great partriots
during recent administrations. The gov
ernment has been controlled so as to place
the rights of property above the rights of
humanity and has brought the country to a
condition that is full of danger for our na
tional well-being. Financial combinations
have had too much power over Congress and
too much influence with the administrative
departments of the government.
Prerogatives of government have been un
wisely and often corruptly surrendered to
corporate monopoly and aggregations of
predatory wealth. The supreme duty of the
hour is for the people to insist that these
functions of government be exercised in
their own interests. Not the giver of the
“thirty pieces” of silver has been condemn
ed, but the “Judas” that received them,
execrated through the ages; the sycophants
of monopoly deserve no better fate.
Money.
The issuance of money is a function of
government and should not be delegated to
corporations or individuals. The constitu
tion gives Congress alone the power to issue
money and regulate the value thereof. We
therefore demand that all money sliall be
issued by the government direct to the people
without the intervention of banks and shall
be a full legal tender for all debts, public
and private, and in quantity sufficient to
supply the needs of the country.
The issue and distribution of full legal
tender money from the Treasury shall not
be through private banks, preferred or other
wise, but direct to the people without in
terest for the construction and purchase of
Federal and internal improvements, utilities
and employment of labor.
Land.
The public domain is the sacred heritage
of all the people and should be held for
homesteads for actual settlers only. Alien
ownership should be forbidden, and lands
now held by aliens or by corporations who
have violated the conditions of their grants
should be restored to the public domain.
Trusts And Monopoly.
To prevent unjust discrimination and
monopoly the government should own and
control the railroads and those public utili-
PEOPLE’ PARTY PLATFORM
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ties which in their nature are monopolies.
To perfect the postal service the government
should own and operate the general telegraph
and telephone systems and provide a parcels
post.
As to those trusts and monopolies which
are not public utilities or natural monopo
lies we demand that those special privileges
which they now enjoy and which alone en
able them to exist should be immediately
withdrawn.
Corporations being the creatures of gov
ernment should be subjected to such gov
ernmental regulation and control will
.adequately protect the public.
We demand the taxation of monopoly
privileges while they remain in private hands
to the extent of the value of the privilege
granted.
We demand that Congress shall enact a
general law uniformly regulating the pow
ers and duties of all incorporated companies
doing interstate business.
Initiative and Referendum.
As a means of placing all public questions
directly under the control of the people we
demand that legal provision be made under
which the people may exercise the initiative,
referendum and proportional representation,
and direct vote for all public officers with
the right of recall.
We recommend a federal statute that will
recognize the principle of the initiative and
referendum, and thereby restore to the vot
ers the right to instruct their national rep
resentatives.
Savings Banks.
We demand that postal savings banks be
established by the government for the safe
deposit of the savings of the people.
Labor.
We believe in the right of those who labor
to organize for their mutual protection and
benefit, and pledge the efforts of the People’s
party to preserve this right inviolate.
We condemn the recent attempt £o des
troy the power of trades unions through the
unjust use of Federal injunction, substituting
government by injunction for free government.
We favor the enactment of legislation
looking to the improvement of conditions for
wage-earners.
We demand the abolition of child labor in
factories and mines, and the suppression of
sweatshops.
We oppose the use of convict labor in com
petition with free labor.
We demand the exclusion from American
shores of foreign pauper labor imported to
beat down the wages of intelligent American
workingmen.
We favor the eight hour workday, and
legislation protecting the lives and limbs of
workingmen through the use of safety ap
pliances.
We demand the enactment of an Employ-
er’s Liability Act within constitutional boards.
We declare against the continuation of the
criminal carelessness of the operation of
mines through which thousands of miners
have lost their lives to increase the dividends
of stockholders and demand the immediate
adoption of precautionary measures to pre
vent a repetition of such horrible catastrophes.
We declare that, in times of depression
when workingmen are thrown into enforced
idleness, works of public improvement
should be at once inaugurated and work
provided for those who cannot otherwise se
cure employment.
We especially emphasize the declaration of
the Omaha platform that “Wealth belongs
to him who creates it and every dollar taken
from labor without a just equivalent is
robbery. ’ ’
We congratulate the farmers of the coun
try upon the enormous growth of their splen
did organizations and the good already ac
complished, through them, bringing higher
prices for farm products and better condi
tions generally for those engaged in agri
cultural pursuits. We urge the importance
of maintaining these organizations and ex
tending their power and influence.
Courts.
We condemn all unwarranted assumption
of authority by inferior federal courts in an
nulling by injunction, the laws of the states,
and demand legislative action by Congress
which will inhibit such usurpation and will re
strict to the supreme court of the United
States the exercise of such power in cases in
volving state legislation.
We are opposed to gambling in futures.
We present to all people the foregoing
declaration of principles and policies as our
deep, earnest, abiding convictions; and now,
before the country and in the name of the
great moral but eternal power in the uni
verse that makes for right thinking and right
living, and determines the destiny of nations
this convention pledges that the People’s
party will stand by these principles and
policies in success and in defeat; that never
again will the party by the siren songs and
false promises of designing politicians be
tempted to change its course or be again
drawn upon the treacherous rocks of fusion.
Silver Quarter
First: Get a quarter.
Second: Write your name and address plain
ly on a piece of paper.
Third: Wrap the quarter in the paper.
Fourth: Throw it in an envelope.
Fifth: Seal the envelope, address it and mail
it to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
Sixth: We will send you the Weekly Jeffer
sonian for four months.
PAGE THREE