PAGE EIGHT
dje 3effersontaa
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlaata, Ga., January 11, 1997, as second class mail matter
< AtJn,_ 2
ATLANTA, GA., OCTOBER 1, 1908.
Judge Parker, Dake Hill and Hryan.
In 1896 it was David Bennett Hill, of New
York, who led the fight for Wall Street in the
Chicago Convention of the Democratic party.
It was, in effect, as a reply to Hill that Bryan
made his celebrated speech declaring, “You
shall not press down on labor’s brow this
crown of thorns; you shall not crucify mankind
upon a cross of gold.”
The crown of thorns was, of course, the
British mono-metallism which “has brought
other nations into financial servitude to Lon
don.”
The cross of gold was, of course, the symbol
of the “money trust, the most gigantic of all
trusts” which enables “a few men who hold
the gold to dole it out at such price as they
will to all the other seventy millions of Ameri
can people”—a financial system “more cruel
and heartless than the political domination of
a foreign power.”
In 1896, Mr. Bryan was the dauntless cham
pion of the common people. He vowed, “I
would resist such a financial policy with as
much earnestness as I would resist the progress
of an invading army coming to attack our
homes.”
Inasmuch as David B. Hill was the leader
of “this financial policy” which the dauntless
Bryan vowed he would resist, his aversion to
David was extreme.
Said Bryan—of and concerning David—
“ Mr. Hill stands for everything bad that Mr.
Cleveland stands for, and lacks the brutal
frankness that has given Mr. Cleveland most
of his popularity.”
When Judge Parker was lugged into the race
for the nomination in 1904, one of Bryan’s
strongest points against him was that he was
the creature of David B. Hill.
Bryan declared that if Parker were elected,
Hill would control the administration, and
“that would mean that those who attempted
to reach the White House would have to wade
through peanut shells, knee deep.”
Bryan further said:
“But Mr. Hill’s support, dangerous as it is,
is not so detrimental to Judge Parker as the
corporate support which is gradually gather
ing around him. There is no doubt that the
corporate interests have an understanding with
Judge Parker.”
But after the Sf. Louis Convention had gone
over to Republican view of the money ques
tion and Parker was the nominee, the Bryan
of ißq6 disappeared from history.
What moral revolution took place in Bryan
during those weeks of silence which followed
the St. Louis Convention? The Bryan who
lowered his flag and gave in his submission
to Wall Street tried to “save his face” by prom
ising to reorganize the Democratic party, along
reform lines, immediately after the end of that
campaign, but the promise had no meaning.
He did not make the slightest attempt to keep
1 And what do we now see? Bryan is not
only a gold standard man, a national bank
man, an asset currency man, but has become
3eff«rsonlan
the political chum of Dave Hill and Judge Par
ker. He has gone out .of his way to court
favor with them, and both of them are to
make speeches for him.
What is the explanation?
The corporate interests which had an under
standing with Hill and Parker, in 1904, have
an understanding with Bryan now.
Edward H. Harriman, one of the chiefest
of corporation sinners, declares that it makes
no difference to him and his kind which of the
two is elected President —Taft or Bryan.
Os course, it doesn’t. Bryan’s hands are
tied hard and fast. So are Taft’s; neither can
do anything which the corporate interests con
sider harmful.
M *
The Democratic National Committee.
The old man is the happy recipient of the
following letter:
NORMAN E. MACK, P. L. HALL. C. N. HASKELL,
Chairman Vice-Chairman Treasurer
H. C. RICHMOND, 2nd Assistant Secretary
UREY WOODSON, JOHN R. BURTON,
Secretary Assistant Secretary
JOHN I. MARTIN, Sergeant at Arms
democratic ‘inatlonal Committee
Headquarters:
AUDITORIUM ANNEX,
Chicago, 111.
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Moses C. Wetmore, Missouri Martin H. Glynn, New York
Chairman Guy B. Tucker, Arkansas
John E. Osborne, WyomingM. A. Miller, Oregon
Vice-Chairman Melbert B. Cary, Connecticut
C. N. Haskell, Oklahoma Geo. Fred Williams, Mass.
Treasurer Josiah Marvel, Delaware
M. F. Dunlap, Illinois W. S. Jennings, Florida
Secretary W. H. O’Brien. Indiana
W. A. Clark, Montana E. C. Wall, Wisconsin
Lewis Nixon, New York Isaac Reese, Tennessee
Alva Adams. Colorado J. Taylor Ellyson, Virginia
D. J. Campau, Michigan Thomas H. Brown, Vermont
Francis G. Newlands, NevadaW. E. Chilton, West Virginia
Alexander Troup, Connectlcutßlair Lee, Maryland
R. F. Pettigrew, So. Dakota E. E. Reed, New Hampshire
George Turner, Washington T. T. Hudson, Minnesota
September 25, 1908.
Mr. T. E. Watson, Editor The Jeffersonian,
Augusta, Ga.
Dear Sir: This Committee is under many
obligations to the Democratic Editors of the
United States for the patriotic manner in
which they have responded to our appeal for
campaign funds. Their splendid service in ap
pealing to the people to contribute their dol
lars through their “favorite paper” will ever be
gratefully remembered by the Democracy of
the Nation.
In checking up the list of papers now en
gaged in raising-funds for the National Com
mittee, I notice that your paper is not entered
thereon. Perhaps this is due to the fact that
the Finance Committee is not receiving a copy,
that being the only means we have of placing
papers on the active list.
Please let us know by enclosed postal what,
if anything, is being done through your paper
in the matter of raising funds. It is not too
late to start now. “Every little helps.”
Hoping to hear from you by return mail and
wishing you success, I am,
Very truly yours,
Encl. M. C. WETMORE,
W-D. Chairman Finance Committee.
15 M. F. DUNLAP,
Secretary Finance Committee.
P. S. —Kindly favor our Committee by send
ing a copy of your paper from now until elec
tion.
It does the old man good all over to have
the Bryanite National Committee take notice
of his existence in that handsome way.
Already, he has politely responded to two
petitions from the Bryanite Finance Commit
tee, and this third communication makes him
feel that he is being treated with distinguished
consideration.
It is true that the said T. E. Watson, owing
to the low price of cotton and the unsettled
condition of the stock market, was financially
able to rush to the assistance of Major Mose
Wetmore, of the Tobacco Trust; Charlie Has
kell, of the Standard Oil Trust, etc., in de
fraying the cost of Bryan’s campaign—al
though that touching appeal, “every little
helps,” came mighty near fetching a silver dol
lar out of our pocket.
But after we read about the $20,000 which
Haskell himself had chipped in, and saw Major
Wetmore’s' statement that Haskell’s twenty
thousand “wouldn’t even pay for the cocktails
in this establishment,” we decided to keep our
dollar and send it to convert the heathen.
“Every little helps,” — but when the Bryan
ites open up in the most expensive hotel in the
West, and gliblv talk about drinking cocktails
to the tune of $20,000, we collapse.
Does the author of the "Lecture on the Di
vinity of Christ” know what a cocktail is?
Does he know how his committee is behaving
itself?
Does the chronic candidate for the Presi
dency who butts in upon Peace Congresses to
tell the Savants of the universe that “the re
ligion of my mother is good enough for me,”
know that his chosen representatives are drink
ing the finest liquors in the most liberal quan
tities, at the most extravagant hostelry in the
land?
Does the calculating politician who asked
Alfred Henry Lewis to say in his newspaper
that while other Congressmen were holding a
Sunday session of Congress he, the pious
Bryan, was going to church, to deliver that
lecture on Christ—does the pious Bryan have
no eyes to see that his chosen committeemen
are making a jest of morality and temperance
and piety?
Heavens! What a humbug campaign Ary
an’s is! In Maine, Ohio and Indiana he is in
league with the saloons; in every doubtful
state of the Middle West he is confederated
with the negroes; in New York he is the ally
of Wall Street and the Tammany toughs; the
Standard Oil Company is his backer, and so
are the Sugar Trust and the Tobacco Trust.
Yes, the prayer of the Bryan Committee,
contained in the P. S. of its letter, will be
granted. We will kindly favor the patriots
“by sending a copy of your (our) paper from
now until election.”
We fear the paper won’t do that crowd much
good, but we will send it, anyway. It’s very
much like shipping a chunk of ice to h —ll, but
still —let ’er go. ,
H *■
The 'Republican Senate.
Who doubts that the Republican Senators
are the legislative agents of the Trusts? Ex
cepting La Follette, how many members of the
U. S. Senate are free from corporate influence?
The Express Companies have their Platt, the
Vanderbilt railroads their Depew, Standard
Oil its Aldrich, Foraker and a dozen others;
the Steel Trust its Penrose and a dozen more;
the Pacific Railroads name the senators in sev
eral Western States, and we know only too
well how the corporations of the South and
East copy the example of the North and West.
This Republican Senate a stench in the
nostrils of honest men. Its record is one of
shame. It has wasted the money of the peo
ple in extravagant appropriations.
It killed the best features of the Rate bill.
It refused to deal with the panic in away that
would have been helpful to the country at
large, but, on the contrary, enacted the in
famous Aldrich-Vreeland law which affords
the National banks further opportunities for
exploitation. It passed the Harriman Ship
subsidy bill, and although it fell by the way
side afterwards, it is certain to come again. It
1 efused to put print paper or wood-pulp on
the free list, although the President and every
newspaper in the land — excepting Hearst’s,
which get their paper at half price— were clam
oring against the extortions of the Paper Trust.
Such is the Republican, Senate. But listen:
I he Bryanites are asking the business men
of the country to vote for Bryan upon the
ground that these business men have nothing
to fear from Bryan, using as a clinching argu
ment the statement, “IF HE (BRYAN)
SHOULD ATTEMPT . ANY HARMFUL