PAGE TWENTY
That Chattanooga Purchase
Outside of urging the people to
register (because the books close on
the sth of April), The Telegraph has
been giving its readers a rest on poli
tics, except perhaps in the national
field. They have needed a rest. It
has been a good time to think about
business, about farming, about stock
raising, and we have been traveling
in those realms of thought with our
friends.
But there are other newspapers
that never take a rest, nor give the
people a rest, from political agita
tion. Just now some of them are *
hopping onto the Governor because
he did not take advantage of an op
tion to buy for the State some seven
teen acres of land in Chattanooga to
be used for terminal purposes by the
State Road.
The facts as we understand them
are these: During Governor Smith’s
term the State secured options on
seventeen acres of land. The Legis
lature voted an appropriation of
$69,000 to pay for that land; “pro
vided, however’’ (we quote the legis
lative act), “that the Governor shall
first examine and approve the matter,
and if in his judgment it is not to the
best interest of the State, he shall
not make the purchase.’’. Acting un
der this mandate Governor Brown
sent experts to Chattanooga and they
reported against the purchase. They
found, as we learn, that there were
really two tracts, "which connect only
at a corner. In order to make them
adaptable for a railroad terminal —
to lay the necessary collateral net
work of tracks —other land would
have to be purchased. If the State
had bought those two tracts, meet
ing at corners, the owners of adja
cent property would have had the
State by the forlock and could have
demanded exorbitant prices for it.
The act of the Legislature was not
“mandatory” on the Governor, as as
serted by an Atlanta newspaper, but
it put the responsibility and the op
tion of the purchase on him. The
Legislature said that “if in his (the
Governor’s) judgment, it is not to
the best interest of the State he shall
not make the purchase.”
This is very clear. The Governor,
after a careful examination, decided
that it was not to the best interest
of the State, and therefore he de
clined to make the purchase.
Like numerous other efforts to
put the Governor in a hole, this one
has also failed.
Furthermore, the State treasury is ,
not burdened with cash to make
doubtful investments.
In a speech delivered at Cumming
several days ago ex-Governor Smith
put the best phase he could, of
course, on the condition of the
State’s funds, inasmuch as he had
committed himself to the theory of a
full treasury; but he admitted that
the money “is still not sufficient with
the increasing appropriations to
meet during the months of July, Au
gust and September the salaries of
the teachers as they come due,” and
he proposed as a remedy a new law
to require the railroads to pay their
taxes, “about $700,000 yearly,” on
the 20th of June. Without stopping
here to discuss the propriety, or the
constitutionality, of class legislation
which would force the payment of
taxes on one class of property six
months before it is due on other
classes, we simply point to this to
HandbookofPolitics
By Thos. E. Watson.
In this volume of 358 pages Mr.
Watson gives a mass of the most val
uable statistical information bearing
on every great subject, political and
economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary
of all political platforms. Fully il
lustrated. Price SI.OO.
GIVEN AS A PREMIUM
For two subscriptions to the Jeffer
sonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO.
show that the ex-Governor makes the
confession that our State is not flush
with money.
With all the lights before us it ap
pears that Governor Brown did right
in declining to buy the Chattanooga
real estate for the State of Georgia.
—Macon Telegraph.
Our Great Men
We have the highest authority for
the statement —“And a little child
shall lead them.”
The homely phrase—“lt’s the far
off cows that have such long horns,”
—is equally true to human experi
ence.
It is gratifying to know that be
cause of the truths taught us by the
children of today, that distance, in
time or space, may soon cease to
multiply the length of the horns of
those of “far-off cows,” and that the
time may soon come when a prophet
will not be without honor, even in
his own country; as will be seen by
the following:
This Man Tells, Free of CosUor Charge,
How Men and Women, Kidney, Bladder
and Rheumatic Sufferers, May Cure
Themselves at Home, FREE
He Sends the Book The Prescription and the
Remedy to Test All Free, Prepaid and
Sealed To All Who Write.
READ HIS GENEROUS OFFER.
If you suffer with Kidney or Bladder trouble or Rheuma
tism —if your days are a horror and your nights a despair
with any of the symptoms of these strength-consuming,
vigor-sapping diseases, such as —
1. Pain in the back.
2. Too frequent desire to urinate.
3. Burning or obstruction of urine.
4. Pain or soreness in the bladder.
5. Prostatic trouble.
6. Gas or pain in the stomach.
7. General debility, weakness, dizziness.
8. Pain and soreness under right ribs.
9. Swelling in any part of the body.
10. Constipation or liver trouble.
11. Palpitation or pain under the heart.
12. Pain in the hip joint.
13. Pain in the neck or head.
14. Pain or soreness in the kidneys.
15. Pain or swelling of the joints.
16. Pain and swelling of the muscles.
17. Pain and soreness in nerves.
18. Acute or chronic rheumatism.
Do This
Sit right down without one instant’s further waste of
precious time and send a letter, short, like this, to me:
Dear Doctor —I notice symptoms number (then put down
the numbers). Sign your name and age and send it to me.
That’s all —send nd money.
By return mail, sealed and secured and prepared and free
of charge, absolutely free of charge, or obligation on your
part —1 will send you help—a great deal of help, real, hon
est, practical, skillful, experienced help.
My Fourfold Free Offer.
First: I will give you a full and complete professional
letter of advice on your case.
Second: I will send you a book—a great big book —the
biggest book of its kind ever printed for the general public
that tells in plain American language, fully illustrated by
medical pictures, all about the cause, treatment and cure of
Kidney, Bladder, Urinary and Rheumatic diseases and how
modern scientific methods are curing them permanently, to
the delight and astonishment of all—especially old school
physicians who only a short time ago believed these ailments
to be absolutely incurable.
How to*Be Cured at Home.
Third: I will show you how you may cure yourself quietly
and safely at home and send you a description of the ingre
dients of a recipe for Kidney, Bladder and Rheumatism that
have the praise and recommendation for use in these diseases
of not only the great and famous physicians of the world —
whether German, French, English or American —but the
Write today if you possibly can, and address your letter
DR. T. FRANK LYNOTT, 3542 c°h .Set, 1
13b* 3effersonlan
The teacher at Oak Hill Academy,
in preparation for Georgia Day, was
asking the children to name some of
the great Georgians of the present
day.
One little fellow said, “Tom Wat
son, because he is such a smart
man.”
Another little fellow piped up
with: “Col. Oliver, because he’s such
a good lawyer.”
Another one, not to be outdone, ex
claimed: “Mr. Worley, because he’s
such a good lawyer.”
Then a bright little fellow said:
“Col. Harris, because he’s such a
straight, honest man.”
Then a little fellow chimed in:
“Mr. Wall, because he knows so
much.”
Let the good work go on. Teach
the children to be loyal to the great
men of their own county.—Elberton
Star.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist.
Address Publisher Humorist, St.
Louis, Mo. In ordering yeur read
ing matter, don’t fail to include the
Humorist.
kVMl ft 1 WKS! ■
w
«®
PT H
fco< X/M
Bl
<A
, J<w®lp r ' /iMk-^' l
■lfcfe/Wi
iWUIw # aL. ,
DR. T. FRANK LYNOTT,
Specializing in Kidney, Bladder and
Rheumatic Diseases.
heartfelt enthusiastic endorsement of many thousands of
people of both sexes, all ages, and every nationality who
have found new health, strength and joy of life—fuller power
of spirit, mind and body—in these simple household remedies.
I Prove You Can Be Cured Free.
Fourth: I will send you some of this harmless, but proved
effective, kidney-upbuilding, pain-soothing, swelling-reducing
remedy to prove to you—in your own case—by the speedy
and astonishing relief of your own pains and aches and weak
ness that at last you have found a recipe that will add
warmth to your blood, strength to your muscles, vigor to your
nerves, keenness to your brain and years of life to your life.
Write Me Today.
Write me today as I showed you—write me without fail—
and by return mail sealed and free —positively secure from
observation and absolutely free from all cost or obligation, I
will send you prepaid—the letter—the book —the description
of the prescription with which you may cure yourself in the
quiet and privacy of your own home —and last, the medi
cine itself —carefully packed and all ready to do for you
what it did for legions whose addresses I will send you.
FISH
Drop us a card and we will put
on to something' with which you can
turn your neighbor green with envy by
catching dead loads of them in streams
where he has become disgusted trying
to catch them the old-fashioned way.
It’s something new and cheap. It
catches at all seasons—something no
other tackle will do. It will tickle you
to see it catch house and musk rats.
Illustrated catalogue of prices and tes
timonials for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the
celebrated Double Muzzle Wire Fish
Baskets. Our sale covers over tweaty
States. We pay the freight on ane
dozen or more Nets.
EUREKA FISH NET CO., ggi ]; fQ.
. J
- —•— y ————-
He that is not with us is against
us. Have you joined the 100,000
Club?
THE CLIPPER
There are three
things that de
stroy your lawns,
Dandelions, Buck
Plantain and Crab
Grass. In one sea
son the Clipper
will drive them
all out.
Clipper Lawn Mower Co.
DIXON, ILL..