There surely can be no serious doubt from
a constitutional standpoint that Congress has
the right to take such steps as are essential
for the protection of waterways and navigable
streams. It is acknowledged to have juris
diction over interstate rivers. It removes ob
structions, builds dams, dredges and other
wise undertakes such engineering as is re
quisite to preserve these means of communica
tion and traffic in a usable condition; and on
the same principle, what question can there
be as to its right to prevent the necessity of
dredging, and protect the rivers from obstruc
tion by securing the perpetuation of their
natural guardians, the trees that crown and
clothe the mountain peaks and slopes?
The South must impress upon Congress
that it is in deadly earnest upon this matter.
Commercial organizations and individuals
should join in urging their Congressmen to
support the measure when it comes up in the
House. The Senators should be instructed
in their duty, and no proper means should be
left unexercised to secure the enactment of
the law which will make a national forest of
the Appalachian range. —Louisville Herald.
There is hidden opportunity in the daily
drudgery. “Cleave the word and thou shalt
find me; lift the stone and there am I.'’
Pain
Weakens
Headache, rheumatism,
neuralgia, or pains of any
nature weaken the sys
tem—they are a strain up
on the nerves. Almost
instant relief can be ob
tained by taking Dr. Miles
Anti-Pain Pills, and with
out any bad after-effects.
Take one on first indica
tion of an attack—it will
ward it off. They are a
pleasant little tablet, sold
by druggists everywhere,
25 doses 25 cents;
never sold in bulk.
“I was subject to constant head
aches for a period of four years. At
times I was almost unfitted for the
work in which I am engaged, that of
station agent. Through the advice
of a friend I tried Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills, and the result has been
that I have entirely eradicated my
system of those continuous headaches
that follow a continual mental strain.
They have done for me all that is
claimed for them.”
„ _ O. L. RUSSELL,
Agt. C. &N. W. Ry., Battle Creek, la.
‘•I have used Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills for a year now for neuralgia
and And there is nothing like them.
They surely have been a blessing to
me.” MRS. M. J. HAMILTON,
Upper Alton, Ills.
Your druggist sells Dr. Mlles’ Antl-
Paln Pills, and we authorize him to
return the price of first package (only)
If It fails to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
EARLY SPRING OATS
ALEXANDER’S SELECTED
GENUINE TENNESSEE GROWN BURT OR 90 DAY ARE THE BEST. PRICES:
1 bu. sl, 5 to 10 at 89c; 25 to 50 at 84c; 100, 80c. They are grown especially for seed
from selected seed stock.
ALEXANDER’S SEEDS ARE THE BEST THAT GROW. SELECTED FOR THE
SOUTH. OUR STOCKS ARE ALL FRESH AND TESTED FOR PURITY AND GERM
INATION.
New Catalog Is now ready. Your name on a postal will bring It, and It will pay
you to order from It.
X.
THE ALEXANDER SEED COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA Established 1873
II Blllllli IIINIIII Illi lININBranKMMSXDHHHBMQBMra
Do You Know a Good Thing When You See It?
LOOK AT THIS:
Paid Circulation of The Weewly Jeffersonian 12,000. Increase of 2,000 in 90 days,
and growing faster than any six weeklies published in Atlanta.
Jeffersonian Magazine, 16,500. Increase of 5,000 in 90 days.
If you want stock in the Jeffersonian Publishing Company, write me. Shares are
110.00. ALEX E. KEESE, Room 709 Temple Court, Atlanta, Ga.
The Hocus Pocus Money Book”
Published in 1904, showed that existing condi
tions made a commercial panic in the near
future inevitable —and why? Its 200 pages are
filled with incontrovertible economic principles
and astonishing facts, sustained by figures from
the U. S. Comptroller’s Reports, and bank or
gans, proving that the deposit banking system
—as it has been maneged in the past —is the
real cause of every commercial panic ever
known, and most of the periods of business de
pression that have afflicted this country. And,
what is still more important, it shows how their
recurrence can be made impossible —and the de
mand for services and products made to always
equal the supply —without wronging any one, or
costing the people a dollar. Book sellers and
news dealers can not afford to antagonize the
banks by handling this book. Do not blame
them —but send for the book yourself. Terms,
by mail: Single copy, 25 cents, 5 for |l. Ad
dress the author,
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
906 Madison St., Topeka, Kansas.
COL F»O IM
ALBERT GRIFFIN, 906 Madison St., Topeka, Kan.
Enclosed find 25 cents, for which send me one copy
of your book.
Name
Adress
Every opportunity contains the precious
germ of an eternal joy. Neglect it and you
lose irreparably.
I I
■OM
If vs ***
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns will be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
i Sheep, Poultiy, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing else for sale. For rates
and information, address
FARMERS HOME JOURNAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,
No one can feel and exercise benevolence
toward another who is ill at ease with him
self.—Goethe.
PAGE FIVE