PAGE TWELVE
THE BRYAN OF OLD.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
with demonetization; if you are ready to
go down on your knees and apoligize for
what you have said, you will go without
me. ...” „
Well, the Democratic party is down
on its knees to the gold standard element,
and Brvan gave the signal. His money
plank is all that Wall Street could de
mand.
THE BRYAN OF 1896.
. Can a national convention
harmonize the discordant elements of the
Democratic party? Impossible. Sup
pose the advocates of bimetallism con
trol the national convention and nominate
a free silver Democrat upon a free coin
age platform, will Cleveland, Carlisle,
Olney, Morton, et al., support the ticket?
Os course not. They say the free coin
age of silver means individual dishonesty,
commercial disaster and national dishon
or, and if they believe what they say,
they ought not to support the ticket, be
cause their duty to their country Is higher
than their duty to their party organiza
tion. If, on the other hand, the conven
tion nominates a gold-standard Democrat
on a platform indorsing the gold stand
ard, gold bonds and national bank cur
rency, should the nominee be supported
by those who believe the gold standard to
be a conspiracy of the capitalistic classes
against the producers of wealth —A
CRIME AGAINST MANKIND? Who
says that they should? If to continue
Mr. Cleveland’s financial policy is to de
clare war against the common people,
what friend of the common people would
be willing to enlist in such a warfare,
even at the command of his party?”
(Answer: Bryan is willing to enlist in
such a warfare. He has gone over to
Wall Street, the gold standard, national
bank currency, and all the rest of it.)
M H H
Something Wrong With the Harness.
What’s the matter with the harness,
anyway? As soon as we Bryanites get
the hames fitted to the collar, the breech
ing acts queer, and the moment we fix
the breeching, there’s something gone
wrong with the belly-band.
What is the matter with us Bryanites?
Our Peerless One says that his pitiful
plea for financial help has yielded but
$19,000, when he needs $500,000.
The .deal with the negro leaders has
sickened the South; and the deal with
the whiskey men in Ohio is causing us
Prohibition Democrats to look real sour.
All the Democratic leaders of real
weight are moping around in their tents,
sulking and disgusted. And the little
fellows who are willing to yelp, don't
amount to anything.
Jeffersonian Democrats are sick be
cause of the abject surrender to Wall
Street; and the conservative business
world has come to the conclusion that if
the. sarrje old system is to be kept in op-
THE JEFERSONIAN
eration, they might as well vote for an
experienced administrator, instead of risk
ing the train with an engineer who never
made a run. So it’s Taft with the busi
ness world.
In dear old Georgia, the Democratic
State Executive Committee is up in the
air. About half of its members suspect
that a huge mistake was made when the
Watson proposition was rejected.
They’ve got to purge their committee
of the Watson element, after which they
mav know how to travel.
In Chatham county, where the great
citv of Savannah is located, the Demo
cratic Executive Committee at a recent
meeting voted down a resolution endors
ing Bryan.
A pretty kettle of fish, truly I What
are we Bryanites coming to, anyway?
What are we up against?
What ails the harness?
P. S. —Later news informs us that the
Chatham Committee was persuaded to
meet again another dav, and “reconsider.”
Very well t —the belly-band has been fixed
once more and now we must keep an eye
on the breeching.
•e n m
The Versatile Hr. "Bryan.
Picture Post Cards Show Him in Many
Capacities.
Omaha, Nebr., Aug. 7. —The Bryan
campaign committee has injected the
postal card craze into the contest and the
mails from Omaha are being flooded with
post cards showing a different Bryan, ac
cording to the humor of the sender or the
receiver.
For the farmer there are cards show
ing Mr. Bryan as a tiller of the soil, big
cowhide boots and hickory shirt. To the
studious a card will be sent showing Mr.
Bryan seated in his sumptuous library
surrounded by books. The poultry fan
ciers will be reminded that Mr. Bryan is
their friend by a postal card copy of the
picture of Mr. Bryan and his son studying
poultry culture at Fairview. Then, for
the aristocratic element there is a smooth,
sleek Mr. Bryant, wearing a high hat,
seated in an auto, with a cloud of dust
trailing behind. For the religiously in
clined there is a Bryan delivering his fa
mous religious address, “The Prince of
Peace.”
Note: But do any of these post-card
pictures show Brvan leading the goat on
the Omaha stage, when he joined that
society with the queer name? If so, we
want one. Just want to see how the goat
looked while the “Cicero of America” was
leading it about.
HUM
Campaigning In Georgia.
Mr. Watson will make a resolute effort
to capture the electoral vote of his native
state. A full Populist electoral ticket will
be put out and the state thoroughly can
vassed.
We can win the electoral vote of Geor
gia if all of us will co-operate. Once we
get representation in the electoral college
again, Populism will be resurrected.
Comrades, come out and help! Write
to Mr. Watson advising him as to where
and when speeches will do the most good.
Encourage him by taking an interest in
the fight.
H H
The Hearst Party "Dodged Immi
gration.
In his fishing for the labor vote, Mr.
Hearst went to the ridiculous extreme of
declaring that no court should punish
for contempt without a trial by jury. If
that were the law, any citizen could prac
tically do as he pleased to the judge, and
the judge would be powerless if the jury
happened to be in sympathy with the
man who had “cussed out” the judge, or
otherwise defied his authority.
But Mr. Hearst was careful not to say
a word against unlimited foreign immi
gration—a question in which Labor is
more deeply interested than in the barren
question of injunctions. So far as
Hearst’s party is concerned, capitalism
can import as much cheap labor from
Europe and Asia as it desires.
m n <
THE HEARST PRIVATE THEATRICAL
PERFORMANCE IN CHICAGO.
(Continued from Page One.)
before he was inevitably made to do so, John
Temple tries to bring in the Africans very
gently and casually—to sandwich them be
tween two other races and give the long eth
nological names. Must have learned ’em in
New York, for he never seemed to know them
down in Georgia. They were plain whites,
blacks and reds with him then, as they are
with us now. And an “African,” a typical
cake-walk artist, dyked up in dude attire
and decorated with an “Independence”
badge, made a speech in favor of social equal
ity, which was received with applause by
those pitiable hirelings of saffron-hued news
papers!
Not only were the steam-roller and rock
crusher there, but the “Fingy” Conners
methods were also in evidence. A few simple
minded gentlemen, who thought the Independ
ence League was a party, instead of a mere
publicity bureau built to pander to the busi
ness interests and inordinate egotism of the
sphinx-visaged nonentity who owns the affair,
went on to Chicago with the idea of transact
ing some business and placing in nomination
their personal favorites, which was, of course,
entirely permissible. Instead of a hearing,
these men were literally mobbed, beaten and
“trim out.” They have made affidavits al
leging their maltreatment by a mob of Hearst
ites, or perhaps mere hired thugs.
Jacob I. Sheppard, of Fort Scott, Kansas,
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
invites the patronage of those who desire the
best educational advantages for their sons and
daughters. The rates are lower than at most
schools offering similar advantages. Write tor
catalog and full information to
CLAUDE GRAY, President,
LOCUST GROVE, GA,