PAGE FOURTEEN
SHALL COTTON PROVE ANOTHER
“LOST CAUSE’’?
(Continued from Page Six.)
cotton, I do not hesitate to affirm that they
have made some serious errors but none the
less no man of common sense can fail to
realize that if we of the South are ever to
obtain a fair value for that magnificent staple
on which our wealth and happiness so largely
depends we must have organized effort and
organized effort on the part of the men most
directly concerned, the cotton planters them
selves.
What but the organized holding movement
of the planters prevented cotton from gou.g
down to its old famine price of five cents
during the panic? What but this prevented
bank after bank in the South from breaking?
What but this so quickly restored a feeling
of hope and security to the finaeial South if
not to the whole country? The cotton planters
have done a magnificent work, a work of which
the whole South should be proud. It would
be little short of treason and dishonor in the
Southern people to desert the planters now
when the brunt of the fight is c\er, now when
the men who have been loyal to the
cause have most cotton to market, now when
the rest have quietly unloaded at the fairer
prices made possible by the loyalty of the few.
If, I say, these most loyal men are to be the
chief sufferers and are compelled to surrender
ignominiously to low prices, with faith in
themselves, faith in their organizations, faith
in the Southern people shaken as never before
then are we Southerners traitors and false to
ourselves, to them and to our own best
interests.
I hope I have said enough now to set every
intelligent Southern man to thinking and
studying as he never thought or studied before.
What now are the chances of success with
this crop if the Southern people ran be aroused
to a sense of their danger and their duty to
themselves and to cotton? I do not hesitate
to say that they are of the best. There is
no good reason, no reason 01 earth, for the
present low price of cotton except lack of
confidence, lack of interest and of support on
the part of Southerners of our great staple.
Will you readers pardon me a few personal
words I have not a dime’s interest person
ally in the value of cotton. My work is and
has been all my life with the seed and its
product, principally cotton oil and in that
only in a technical, professional and advisory
way. For four years now, and every time
with success, I have endeavored to get our
oil mills a fairer price for their oil as compared
with other competing fats and oils. I have
but just finished my annual examination and
report on the cotton oil situation and its
remarkable similarity to the cotton situation
has naturally attracted my attention and
study.
What Are Real Facts in Reference to Cotton?
1. We have no cotton to speak of carried
over from last year.
2. Our present crop is much shorter than
usual.
3. Cotton goods and articles made of cotton
are with few exceptions the cheapest in the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
market and instead of being neglected when
people are economizing on high priced articles
and luxuries will be the rather bought in
place of such articles. Our cotton mills may
carry smaller stocks at a time and our whole
sale and retail houses may carry less at a time
but the people will use as much cotton goods
as ever.
4. Our cotton will not be wanted quite as
soon in the season this year as usual for the
reasons above stated but it will be wanted and
every pound of it will be needed and bought
at good prices if it cannot be had at a cheap
price before new cotton in any quantity can
come on.
5. There must be at this time between
fifteen and twenty-five per cent of this entire
season’s crop in the hands of the planters.
* This is not enough in an ordinary year to
hold back when we have five months of'
actual consumption still ahead of us but it is
enough to control the price both for the rest
of this season and for the first six weeks or
more of next season if it is wisely and slowly
marketed.
The real problem before the Southern people
is therefore an extremely simple one. It
consists in nothing more or less than in holding
what is left of our cotton till consumption
catches up with what has already been
marketed..
Considering the large percentage of the
crop that has been marketed, the much smaller
proportionate length of the 'consuming season
that has passed and the hand to mouth policy, „
always customary in hard times years, of
purchasing everything, no man in his senses
ought to expect that cotton should be at a
good price at this time or for some months
to come. The buyers are speculating on the
chances of the planters being unable to hold
their cotton long enough and having more than
enough for present wants are doing all in
their power, aided by many disloyal Southern
ers to destroy the confidence of both bankers
and planters in the ultimate value of the
staple and induce the marketing of the
remainder by the time they need it.
Let the Southern people, the Southern
, merchants and the Southern bankers rally
to the support of the cotton planters, inspire
in them renewed confidence, induce them to
stop selling their cotton till it is actually
needed and without buying futures, without
the support of a single cotton exchange or a
single bull anywhere, by pure law of supply
and demand the planters will realize a fair
value for their cotton yet this season and the
South save many millions of dollars. There
is no theory or sentiment in this. It is sound
common sense. It is political economy reduced
to its simplest elements.
If the South wants to continue her un
exampled prosperity of late years, if she wants
ever to become financially independent of
Wall Street and the rest of the country, now
is her day and time, and cotton is the article
that will make us independent and lead us to
victory. Folly, treason and ruin tell us to let
cotton and the planter slide. Sound sense,
patriotism and prosperity tell us to stake our
last dollar in supporting cotton for the rest
of this season and the first part at least of
next. If God helps the man who helps him
self, as we are told, then he is on the side
of the planter and whatever be our religious
belief we cannot afford to be other than on
the Lord’s side too. One lost cause is enough.
We can and must win this one.
EDWIN LEHMAN JOHNSON.
Memphis, Tenn., March 25, 1908.
“Some one recently sold an autograph of
Andrew Carnegie for 40 cents,” says the
Montgomery Advertiser. This was a relative
ly small affair. Mrs. Cassie Chadwick sold
his near-autograph for several hundred thou
sands of dollars.—Washington Herald.
wmfe/ AfeZAsS
20 COMIC POST CARDS, 10c.
Screamingly funny, right up to the minute.
Different than any you ever saw—two colors,
well printed cards —they’ll make you laugh
until your sides split. Sent*prepaid, 20 for 10c.;
50 for 20c.; 100 for 35c.
Extra Special Offer.
Free Post Card Album. Cloth covers, print
ed in red and gold ink. We will give one of
these beautiful Albums together with 100 cards,
all for 50c. Please send money order, but if
you send stamps, send one-cent ones. The
above offers are the best ever, for good cards,
while you can not but be surprised and delight
ed with the Post Card ALBUM which is a
beauty. Address:
CLIFTON PUBLISHING CO.,
Dept. 37, 1 I
Waterville, Maine. ’
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns will be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing else for sale. For rates •
and information, address
FARMERS HOME JOURNAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,