PAGE TWELVE
Parson Lovett and The Advocate
(Concluded from Page 9)
the Jeffersonian seems to have reached the
vanishing point. The Rev. W. C. Lovett, D.
1)., disposes of the remnants, under the edi
torial headline of “Never said it.”
What is it that the Doctor never said ?
(1) That because 1 live in a big house and
employ a stenographer and an overseer, I am
disqualified for the discussion of Foreign
Missions.
Dr. Lovett bitterly denies that he said it.
All right, Doctor, if you didn’t mean it, I
won’t joke you about it any more. Hereafter,
in discussing a principle or a policy, leave off
all reference to your opponent’s house, stenog
rapher and overseer. They have nothing to
do with the case, and the reference may be
turned against you, to your discomfort and
annoyance.
(2) That the mission schools are self-sup
porting. Dr. Lovett vows that he never said
it. Then what did he j ump on me for ? I had
charged that the missionaries were giving
free education to black, brown and yellow
heathen, —with books thrown in and, often,
board and clothing. Brother V. P. Scoville
first attacked me on this, and then came Dr.
Lovett. Parson Scoville claimed that the mis
sion schools of our Methodists ‘‘are self-sup
porting or nearly so.” Dr. Lovett quoted
Scoville as one of his authorities, and chal
lenged the correctness of my statements, ask
ing whether those statements were due to
“Persistent ignorance or wilful misrepresenta
tion. ”
In what respect did Dr. Lovett hold my
statements to be false?
My understanding was that he denied the
truth of what I said about the schools.
I venture to say that Dr. Lovett’s readers
understood him the same way.
But since Dr. Lovett contends that he “nev
er said it,” I must conclude that there was an
honest misunderstanding on both sides.
If Dr. Lovett considers the subject of suffi
cient importance, I wish he would state, —in
plain, short, easy words, —what it was he was
lambasting me about in that three-page edi
torial, some weeks ago.
Say it again, Doctor, and say it slow.
® IS) ®
A Letter From a Negro
“Tifton, Ga., May 28, 1909.
Dear Editor of The Jeffersonian:
I know you are a negro haitor. I have read
your writings many times. In fact, all you
Southern folks are haitors of negroes. I live
in Chicago and am a black negro. I have a
white wife and have had three in my time and
it is no trouble to get one. ANY NEGRO
CAN BUY A WRITE WIFE IN MY CITY
FOR SSO. 1 BOUGHT MINE FOR THAT,
AND I HAD THE PICK OUT OF TWEN
TY-FIVE. WHITE WOMEN IS THE
CHEAPEST FLESH ON EARTH. I was
borned in Georgia. I come back to see my
old mother, an old slave. lam going to carry
her back to Chicago and let her see how ne
groes lives up there.
I know this letter will make old Tom Wat
son curse John Frankling, a black buck. Ha,
ha.”
The above is a copy of a letter just received
by due course of mail. I have no reason to
doubt its genuineness. In Chicago, as in New
York, Philadelphia, Boston and other large
cities, white women are often inveigled into
dens where they are held for the use of negro
men. This fact is notorious. It may be that
the traffic has, for one of its channels, the sale
of white women to negro men who want
white wives. To escape the brothel where
they must submit to any and every negro, it
is conceivable that the poor wretches would
welcome the horrible alternative mentioned
by “John Frankling.”
In our larger cities nothing is impossible.
The average citizen has not the faintest idea
of what life to the poor is in such places as
Pittsburg, Chicago, San Francisco and New
York.
In Sodom and Gomorrah conditions could
not have been worse.
John Frankling says “White women is the
cheapest flesh on earth.” There is a fearful
amount of truth in this, —when we test it by
such places as Chicago.
® @] Si
Editorial Notes
BY J. D. WATSON.
“I guess I’ll stay in the game till I die,”
said Mr. Cannon when asked if he had any
intention of retiring from politics. “My con
stituency is very kind to me, and as long as
they continue to want me I’ll be on the job.
I can’t bear the idea of giving up and loafing
around while the other fellows are at work
having fun. I’ll stay in until I die, and then
be buried at public expense.”
Among those who called to pay their re
spects was Richard Evelyn Byrd, to whom
Uncle Joe said:
“You are the speaker of the Virginia house
of delegates. Are you a czar ? If you are not,
you are no good.
“I have no idea when we will get through
with the tariff bill,” said the Speaker. “The
House passed the bill in three weeks, but the
Senate —ah, there’s the rub. Bailey wants a
vote on the bill, but with Deliver and Cum
mins shooting around there is no telling what
will happen.”
For downright rascality and impudent
frankness, Speaker Cannon has the other Con
gressmen beat a mile.
He admits that he is a rascal, brags about
how he has prospered by the practice of ras
cality and openly declares that he intends to
keep it up.
Aldrich, Depew, Platt, and other Congress
men are trust tools, and the country knows it.
But Speaker Cannon is about the only one
who openly says that the people may be
damned, so far as he is concerned, and that he
will continue to dictate to the President and
to Congress.
And strange to say, so many of our Demo
cratic Congressmen who were elected by the
people to enact legislation opposite to what
Speaker Cannon wants vote with the Cannon
crowd.
® ® g|
The Democratic Party of Florida
The Psalmist David must have been speak
ing for the Democratic party of Florida, when
he said, “I am fearfully and wonderfully
made.”
If the Democratic party of Florida is not
“fearfully and wonderfully made” then we
never saw anything that was.
It is a conglomeration of Democrats, So
cialists, Populists, Independents and Repub
licans.
The only correct picture that could be
drawn of it would be a dish of boarding house
hash.
When the Democrats in convention at Tam
pa, a few years ago, made a compromise with
the Populists, they, like Esau, sold their birth
right for a mess of pottage—very poor pot
tage at that.
From that day to this hour the Populists,
Socialists, Independents and Republicans
have led the Democratic party around by the
nose.
It was this gang that forced the Primary
System on the Democratic party, and it is the
Primary System which has made the once
powerful Democratic party of the State of
Florida a byword, a reproach, and a stench in
the nostrils of Simon-Pure Democrats in every
quarter of our Union.
The effect produced by this Primary Sys
tem, which is controlled by Populists, Social
ists, Independents and Republicans, has been
Tsl?e Jeffersonian
to relegate our statesmen to the shades of pri
vate life and brought to the front a set of men
of mediocre ability who are strangers to the
first principles of statesmanship and whose
highest conception of official duty is “how
much money is there in it?”
If there was ever a time, if there will ever
be a time, when the Democratic' party of Flor
ida should be reorganized on safe and sane
principles, that time is now.
For the present conglomeration, miscalled
the Democratic party, like the Confederate
dollar bill, stands for nothing on God’s green
earth, nor in the waters below it, nor in the
Heavens above it.
Nobody knows where we are at, where we
are going to, nor what we are going to do
when we get there.
It is high time that the Democrats of Flor
ida pull themselves together, get rid of this
conglomeration that has deestroyed our party
organization, and almost our self-respect, and
once more stand for principles and policies
which will cement us together and command
the respect of all who oppose us.
We, therefore, heartily second the motion
which has been made by the Lake City Index
to call a convention of the Democrats of this
State to meet at some central point soon after
the adjournment of the Legislature to formu
late a platform and a policy of political pro
cedure. —Jasper (Fla.) News.
If the editor of the Lake City Index and
the editor of the Jasper News succeed in call
ing “a convention of Democrats of this State
to meet at some central point soon after the
adjournment of the Legislature to formulate
a platform and a policy of political pro
cedure,” which will be agreed to by the Dem
ocratic party of two other states, they deserve
a medal.
Furthermore, they are entitled to a job on
the National Democratic Executive Commit
tee for the balance of their lives.
After they clear out the “conglomeration”
in Florida, we will listen to them when they
begin to tell us about the big “conglomera
tion.”
Then we may look for the Democratic party
to free itself from Tammany, its Murphys, its
Pat McCarrens, its Tom Ryans, its Tom Tag
garts, its Belmonts.
When we get rid of this big conglomeration
of big thieves and rascals, then the two Flor
ida editors will go down in history with
Thomas Jefferson.
And before they die the country will appre
ciate their efforts enough for them never to
worry about the “conglomeration” of Popu
lists, Socialists, Independents and Republi
cans in Florida.
We are just as ashamed of the Populists
who have “conglomerated” with you “safe and
sane” Democrats in Florida as we are with
the “safe and sane” Democrats who helped
make Joe Cannon the Boss of our lower House
of Congress, and are helping the Aldrich
crowd in the Senate rob the people of mil
lions of dollars.
13 H 18
Praise for the Augusta Chronicle
The New York Globe is a splendid newspa
per, but when it comments upon local affairs
in Georgia it is on unfamiliar ground.
For instance, it congratulates the Augusta
Chronicle because of its attitude on the Geor
gia Railroad strike, and says that the Chron
icle “has shown that there is at least one Geor
gia newspaper that is willing to speak out in
favor of law and order and in favor of the
negro’s right to work.”
If the Globe had been aware of the fact that
the Chronicle is owned and controlled by two
Republicans, both railroad magnates, and one
of whom is manager of the Georgia Railroad,
it would have felt less joyous surprise to see
the Chronicle come out on the railroad side
during the strike.
When railroad Republicans buy control of
Democratic newspapers—(anybody can guess
the rest).