other fellow.” (Yes, there is a negro
blacksmith here by the same name,
but he is not “the only one we know
of.”
This foolishness is very tiresome,
though were it not so ghoulishly trag
ic, ’twould be clownishly “amoos
ing. ” A hearing in the courts is not
much to ask, but hell to get in Geor
gia. Habeas corpus, open sesame of
the wrongly imprisoned! Let some ■"
one help me get it. “The hell it is in
seeing long to bide.”
Yours very truly,
GEO. H. BELL.
Note.— The Count de Warren, in
his book on “British India” (Lon-,
don, 1844), tells of the “Phansigars”
—sometimes called the Thugge Socie
ty —a religious and economic organi
zation which speculated with the hu
man race by exterminating men. The
basis of this society is. a religious be
lief —the worship of Bowanee, a
gloomy divinity, who is only satis
fied with carnage, and detests, above
all, the human race. Her most agree
able sacrifices are human victims, and
the more of these her disciple offers
here, the more he will be recompensed
hereafter by all the delights of soul
and sense, and joys eternally received.
To obey his divine mistress he mur
ders, without auger and without re
morse, the old man, woman and child.
The destruction of his fellow crea
tures is the primary object of his life.
Destruction is his end, his celestial
mission, his calling—the most capti
vating of sports, the hunting of men!
Whoever was in India during the year
1831 and 1832 must remember the
stupor and affright which the discov
ery of this vast infernal machine
spread among all classes of society.
A great number of magistrates and
administrative officials refused to be
lieve in it, and could not be brought
to comprehend that such a system
had so long preyed on the body poli
tic, under their very eyes, silently and
without betraying itself.”
G. H. B.
1
A LITTLE GIRL WHO ENJOYS
THE POST-CARDS.
Bryan, Texas, January 19, 1909.
Mr. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My dear Sir: My papa takes the
Jeffersonian and reads it regularly.
He is a great admirer of yours and
often speaks of you as being one of
our best truest writers, and I
think that he is quite right in his con
clusions.
I am a little girl 13 years old, and
oh, how I do love nice post-cards. I
send you seven names, with $1.75.
Please send them papers for three
months and the cards, and be sure not
to forget mine. And please put my
name in the post-card exchange.
Your little friend,
MABEL MURRAY.
WANTED—A BOY’S LETTER.
We want boys, anywhere in the
world, to write us letter's. They must
be bright, happy and manly letters,
plainly written, on one side of the pa
per. Do not use more than fifty
words. Write about anything that
comes into your head. For the best
letter received in the next week
we will give a prize of fifty splendid
post cards. Address your letters to
the Jeffersonian Post Card Club,
Ro
2fa AMERICAN GUL £l, ~
11 Post Cards ffPQ
No Two Alike
Over one million of these beautiful “American Girl” cards will be given away during the next 90 days.
B We want to send YOU a complete set. They are very beautiful. Read this remarkable offer:
| Weekly Jeffersonian Six Months i ALL FOR
I Up-to-Date Farming Six Months (
I 20 ‘‘American Girl” Post Cards SO
I Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange CENTS I
Above is a wonderful offer, and should bring thousands of orders. But we are going to make a still
better offer, and this is what we want every present subscriber to work for.
FIFTY BEAUTIFUL “TOUR OF THE WORLD” POST CARDS FREE.
We want to send you 50 beautiful Water Colored Post Cards, no two alike. They show 50 different
views of famous historical places, reproduced direct from photographs, taken by a noted traveler and
| expert photographer, on a trip around the world.
We invite you to take a “Tour of the World” on Souveuir Post Cards with us. This is our route, and
B you must note carefully the interesting places we are going to visit:
WHERE WE GO * WHAT WE SEE WHERE WE GO WHAT WE SEE
1. Washington, D. CWashington Monument 26. Italy Rome, Trevi Fountain
2. New York Harbor Statue of Liberty 27. Italy . .Venice
3. Buffalo Niagara Falls 28. Germany Castle of the Rhine
4. Mississippi Cotton Picking Scene 29. Portugal Fountain of Leiria
5. Chattanooga Lookout Mountain 30. Spain Bull Fight at Valencia
6. Mexico City Castle of Chapultepec 31. Spain-. Ancient Church
7. Panama Panama Canal 32. Greece Athens. Nit Sykavetters
8. England London, parliament Bldg. 33. France .—Paris, Chinch La Madeleine
9. EnglundThe Round Tower 34. France „Parls, Louvre Art Gallery
10. England-Loudon, Westminster Abbey 35. France Chateau de Binard
H 11. England. Shakespeare’s Birthplace 36. Manchuria Liadyang, Battlefield
H 12. England Oxford College 37. Egypt Excavating a Temple
13. England Ann Hathaway’s Cottage 38. Egypt x Great Nile Bridge
14. EnglandlWindsor Castle 39. Egypt.. Cairo
M 15. Scotland Loch Katrine Lake 40. Egypt - Grand Sphinx
16. ScotlandEdinburg, Scott’s Monument 41. Switzerland.— The Jung Frau Peaks
“ 17. Ireland... Blarney Castle 42. Switzerland Lakes and Mountains
18. Ireland Lakes of Killarney 43. Switzerland Swiss Alps in the Alp->
19. Italy.Milan Cathedral 44. Switzerland Hospice in the Alps
20. Italy Arch of Constantine 45. Switzerland—A Monastery
21. Italy Venice, Palace of Doges 46. Ceylon Colombo Harbor
22. Italy" Rome, Castle of St. Angelo 47. Australia Gold Mining Scene
23. Italy Rome, St. Peters Cathedral 48. China Native Junks and Fishermen
24. ItalylThe Great Palace 49. China—.... Chefu Harbor
25. Italy Lake Como 50. Japan „Tokio, Tea House
gs trrfjßlL to travel this same route—we have been over it in 15 min-
\ utes. Isn’t this a wonderful trip? Don’t you want this
\ jYU > great set? Fifty different cards, all beautifully
|| \ colored by a secret process so that each view
B \ \ * s exactl y like the original view. This is
H \ / an entirel y new and superior reproduc
es \ \ HAIWZz/ 1 • / tion of these views— never before pub’ish-
i \ \ Iy Ji / e<t
\ Vi 41 V / THIS IS HOW YOU can get the com-
\ viTOiw. Ml ¥ / u / plete set free
\ 3 / All we ask you to do is to show all of vour
iL. \ JIM X / neighbors the above offer. Get seven of them
R lhe \ w/ / SV / *° han 4 y° u 50 cents and we will send them
||Cccatry \ kJFX/ Z/ S / eac h a six months’subscription to the Weekly
HgM, \Wlw\Y W//IvV SI / Jeffersonian, also a six months’ subscription to
Bi The \\Z"V YW JIP / Up-to-Date Farming, 20 American Girl Post
/ C ards ’ and make them a member of the Up-to
|| Bathing Girl, \ M / Date Post Card Exchange. After 7of your friends
f1 The Riding \ //TWWfc- / " ave subscribed send us their names and we will send
Girl and 17 you b ? return mail the fift ? “Tour of the World” cards for
Girls ‘ your kindness. If you can get 3 more subscriptions,
K r ... , or a total of 10 » we will a l go send you a set of 50 views called
P Cruise Around the World With Uncle Sam’s Battleships.”
Eg Executed in >
H Natural Ju jy WHAT THE UP-TO-DATE POST CARD EXCHANGE IS
fa C<,iors ydf V ; The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange has many thousand members, all
I\\ \ over the United States, and in some foreign countries. We will put
7 \A\ vi V. ' / y° ur address and eacb member of your club in the exchange. You
✓ should receive a perfect deluge of post cards from all over the country and
v A perhaps from foreign countries.
x 'X -JY Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous, be
cause it teaches farmers how to market their crops profitably. Our readers
'X A can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers thev will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
y Now remember, that each trial subscriber gets the Weekly Jeffersonian for
six months, also Up-to-Date Farming for six months, 20 American Girl Post
Cards, and in addition they are given a free membership in the world w’ide Up-to-
Date Post Card Exchange.
OUR GUARANTEE TO YOU
The “Tour of the World” cards are so fine that we will refund you every cent you sent, and give you
the cards into the bargain, if you decide, after you have seen them, that they are not as we represent
them. Sign the coupon attached, and return it to us immediately.
CUT OR TEAR OFF COUPON ON THIS LINE
| Publisher of JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and enclose...for
trial subscriptions. Please send all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we renew 7 .
My name
I R. F. DP. O
County-State
[Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.]