What Our Farmers Are Saying
and Doing
PRESIDENT BARRETT’S CALL.
The national board of directors of
the Farmers’ Union, all state presi
dents, state secretary - treasurers,
state organizers, state business
agents, chairmen of state executive
committees, editors of Farmers’ Un
ion newspapers and presidents or
managers of union enterprises, such
as fertilizer plants, implement plants,
produce exchanges, cotton companies,
union cotton grading schools, etc.,
are hereby called to meet in Atlanta,
Ga., June 24th, 10 o’clock a. m. for
a meeting extending a week’s time.
It is planned to make this gather
ing a great business conference, with
the certainty that it will be the most
important in the history of the
Farmers’ Union.
At all state and national conven
tions of the Union routine matters,
especially debate and action concern
ing the constitution and by-laws and
election of officers, occupy the larger
portion of the time and energies of
delegates and members. Little or no
chance remains for the deliberate
discussion of issues and subjects of
tremendous importance to the pres
ent and future of the order.
These opportunities will be afford
ed at the Atlanta meeting, which is
to be protracted for the space of a
week, in order to insure the most
complete attention to the affairs in
hand.
I urge a full attendance from all
the elements I have addressed in this
call. The subjects are pre-eminently
of a business nature. The leaders in
the discussion of each have been
chosen for their ability to deal with
them. The time is ideal.
Let us have such a meeting as will
give the work of the union and in
estimable impulse, demonstrating to
ourselves and the world the material
progress of the union, and planning
in a practical way greater things for
its future. C. S. BARRETT.
Union City, Ga., June 7, 1909.
WON’T STAND FOR IT.
“It won’t do for these college grad
uates to swear at the mule in
Greek,” said the Georgia farmer.
“One tried it last week, and the mule
kicked him clear into the top of a
pine tree!” —Frank L. Stanton.
COTTON ACREAGE DECREASED.
In its monthly report for June the
Journal of Commerce shows that
compared with last year the cotton
average has been reduced 3.5 per
cent., according to over 1,800 re
ports from special correspondents of
an average date of May 25. This is
approximately the same result as
given in last month’s report, when
the consensus of opinion indicated a
reduction of 4 per cent.
On the basis of the revised area,
planted in 1908, of 33,370,000 acres,
the present season starts off with
32,206,000 acres. The reduction has
been largely brought about through
the high prices of provisions causing
more land to be thrown into corn
and small grains at the expense of
cotton. Fear of the boll weevil in
Louisiana and Mississippi, especially
the former, caused heavy curtail
ment, being 26.8 and 5.7 per cent.
less, respectively. All other states
show declines except Texas, Tennes
see and Florida. The increase of 4.5
per cent, in Texas is due principally
to drouth which destroyed grain
crops. This acreage went into cot
ton.
COW PEAS FOR VINEYARDS.
Cowpeas are a good crop for vine
yards. The grapes are given thor
ough cultivation until late June,
when the cowpeas are sown. Before
this practice was begun, says the
Farmers’ and Drovers’ Journal, it
was a problem to hold the soil about
the roots of the vines. After crop
ping with cowpeas for several seasons,
the land washes but little and the
vines grow better and bear better.
The cowpeas make sufficient cover, so
one does not get into the mud when
pruning in wet weather in late win
ter or early spring. Whether grown
in the orchard or vineyard the peas
should usually be plowed under the
following spring. In this way they
protect the soil without losing any
essential part of their fertilizing
value.
■
KEEP WEEVILS OUT OF PEAS.
Get from the drug store carbon bi
sulphide. Place your peas in good,
tight boxes or barrels. Place the
liquid in shallow dishes and set them
on top of the peas to be treated.
Cover over carefully with heavy quilt
or oilcloth and leave for about 24
hours. One or one and one-half
pounds will be sufficient to treat peas
that would occupy a space equal to
a room ten feet each way.—Farmers’
Union Guide.
Skim milk is the best summer egg
producer, and has been shown to be
worth 1 cents per quart for that
purpose.—Exchange.
A skeptic is a man who always
puts mucilage on the back of a post
age stamp.—Exchange.
PEANUT HAY FOR FORAGE.
The tops of the peanut plant when
cut and cured will produce a hay
that is almost equal in feeding value
to the best clover hay. By planting
the Spanish peanut in rows from 24
to 30 inches apart and quite closely
in the row and by giving the crop
about two cultivations, it is possible
to produce from one to two tons of
hay to the acre. After the hay is re
moved the pods can be turned out
by means of a plow, cured, and stored
for winter feeding, or hogs may be
turned in to gather the crop.
Peanut straw, consisting of the
entire vine after the salable nuts have
been removed, has a somewhat high
er feeding value than the tops alone,
due to the fact that many of the in
ferior pods are left in the straw.
Peanut straw is, however, not so
bright or palatable for feeding as are
the peanut tops when cut and cured
especially for hay.—W. R. Beattie, in
Farmers’ Bulletin, No. 356.
When you get a premium knife
from us, show it to all your friends
and neighbors, and get them to sub
scribe to the Jeffersonian.
Jeffersonian
OLD PEOPLE SHOULD READ IT.
Every elderly and middle - aged
person should read the large adver
tisement on the last page of this is
sue, headed, “Rheumatism Grips the
Heart.” This advertisement offers a
full-sized one dollar bottle of a well
known Rheumatic remedy to every
reader of this paper who is suffering
from Rheumatism, Gout, Lumbago,
Neuralgia and all Uric Acid Troubles,
and as most old people have such
troubles, this advertisement should
be of special importance to them,
'•'be Kuhn Remedy Company, of Chi
cago, which company is offering
Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy for free
trial, has made some very good
friends among the readers of this pa
per through the virtue of their med
icine. As every rheumatic sufferer
can get a one dollar bottle free to
try, there is no reason why every
reader of this paper who needs it
should not at least give this medicine
a trial and see what it will do for
them. They need not buy any medi
cine unless they find it benefits their
trouble. The Kuhn Remedy Com
pany will do just what they say and
is glad to send the bottles free ac
cording to their offer in their adver
tisement, to every reader of this pa
per who will write them for a bottle.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Special Summer Rates.
This announcement is particularly
interesting to you, if you expect to
enroll in a business college at an
early date, because it will give you
an opportunity to attend one of the
famous chain of thirty business col
leges conducted by Prof. Jno. F.
Draughon, at less than the usual
rates, either for a Life Scholarship
in Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Type
writing, etc., or for a special three
months’ course in Bookkeeping, or
Shorthand and Typewriting, or a spe
cial six months’ course in a combina
tion of these.
You probably know that now is
the best time to begin your course,
so that you will be through by the
early part of fall, just when there
will be so many fine positions from
which you can make your selection.
There is no question but that
Draughon’s Practical Business Col
leges have more strong endorsements
from bankers and business men gen
erally than all the other business col
leges in the South.
Because of the excellent equip
ment, superior courses of study, ex
pert teachers, and the high standing
of .these colleges with the leading
business men of the country, their
graduates are placed in better posi
tions than students from other busi
ness colleges.
Draughon’s colleges give a positve
guarantee of a good position under
very reasonable conditions.
For free clothbound illustrated
catalogue, guarantee contract and
special proposition, address Arthur C.
Minter, Supt. Draughon’s Practical
Business College, Atlanta, Ga.
Corn alone will not make good
chickens or produce a profitable egg
yield. Its value will be greatly in
creased when supplemented by green
and animal feeds.—Exchange.
“I will take up,” says Mr. Watson in the June
number of Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, “the blind
unwisdom of straining every energy to the conquest of
heathendom, when all the open-eyed people know that
Christ has well-nigh lost his hold on Christendom. Not
in malice, not aimlessly, but with earnest, commendable
purpose, I am going to let the people know the facts.”
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Summer SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction
offered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to
meet the special needs of pupils with deficiencies. Splendid advantages for
those desiring to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing
special coaching and preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading
Southern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and
girls. Board $8 to $12.50 per month. For catalog and full information address
Claude Gray, President. Locust Grove. Ga.
EARN $7 DAILY SELLING
Finest and cheapest on earth. Write fo£
specia’ agents and dealers terms. DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO,, Box 0, St. Louis. Mo
FINE TRUCK FARM
FOR SALE
Two acres, in town of 400 people.
In splendid condition, fenced, with
small house. Takes up entire block.
Value $1000; part cash, terms for
balance. Box 64, Crosland, Ga.
Singing Schools
Do you need a Singing School taught
at your church or in your community?
If so, now is the time to make arrange
ments for an early date for the sum
mer and fall months. My price is with
in reach of all. Instructions cover the
elementary as well as the more ad
vanced grades. The leading publica
tions used only. If interested, write
for further information.
GARNETT WILLIAMS, Clayton, Ga.
Sample copies of the Jeffersonians
will be furnished free to all who will
distribute them among their neigh
bors.
Wonderful New Invention
Post card photos taken and finished anywhere, by
anyone. Experience in photography not neces
sary. $5.00 to SIO.OO a day made easy; complete
outfit ready for business $25.00; cash $5.00 balance
C. O. D. Order at once.
WILLYERD & PAUSCH, 1 Yffi. m"" 1
FI SH-
Drop us a card and we will put
you on to something with which you
can turn your neighbor green with
envy by catching dead loads of them
in streams where he has become dis
gusted trying to catch them the old
fashioned way. It’s something new
and cheap. It catches at all seasons
—something no other tackle will do.
It will tickle you to see it catch
House and musk rats. Illustrated
catalogue of prices and testimonials
for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the cele
brated Double Muzzle Wire Fish Baskets.
Our sale covers over 20 states. We pay
the freight on one dozen or more nets.
EUREKA
Best Kidney Medicine
Send 25 cents in stamps for SI.OO
worth of the best kidney medicine on
earth, sent prepaid. Makes you feel
young again. Dr. John T. Patterson,
Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN