Our Post-Card Club
"By Daddy Jim
Our post-card correspondence fell
off a little 'bit this week, both in quan
tity and quality. Now, you children
must bear in mind that this page is
for your letters, and if you don’t
write nice letters, there won’t be anv
page. -
You should do more than write let
ters. Tell your schoolmates about the
page in the Jeffersonian, and about
the post-cards, and the prizes. Send
us some subscriptions. Surely you
can get some of the folks to give you
a quarter for three months’ subscrip
tion to two good papers, and 20 post-*
cards thrown in for good measure.
You want the fun of seeing your
letters in print. You want to dance,
but you don’t want the bother of
paying the piper. That’s not totin’
fair.
Don’t you think you could sell some
magazines and papers for us? If
you can, we’ll send you some. There’s
money in it. Drop us a postal card.
Next Week.
You send us some good jokes next
week. They may be either written or
printed. Send us the funniest joke,
or the best little humorous story, you
ever heard. They must be short and
to the point. We will give a prize
for the best one we print.
Learning to Work.
“I am a little boy, ten years old.
I go to school, and am in the fifth
grade. Mother says I must study
hard, and make a good, smart man. I
am learning to work. I can milk and
help some on the farm. Daddy takes
the Jeffersonian. We all like to read
it very much. I hope I will get a
prize. E. D. Emory, LaGrange, Ga.,
Rte. 1.”
Are They Twins?
Jimmie Spradlin and Mary Sprad
lin say they are eight years old. They
Stomach Troubles
Quickly Cured
My Poptopad for the Cure of Indi-
Dyspepsia, Etc.,
Sent Free to All
Free Relief to Every Man or Woman
wyT
Au?.J?!• <■ I! • !l :> 1 ■ I'. /A
I want you to write for one of my powerful
tI.CO Peptopads for the cure of all stomach ills,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Acute Gastric Catarrh,
tieartburn, Loss of Appetite, Pains at Pit of
Stomach, Constipation, Bowel Pains, etc. No
matter what form of stomach trouble you have,
let me relieve you free. This offer is extended to
any man or woman. I will do just exactly as I say I
will do. No charge whatever for this powerful
stomach draft. Wear it; eat and enjoy your meals
without pain or distress. If you are really r
sufferer Just send 10 cts. to pay packing and
mailing expenses, and one of my SI.OO Peptopads
(Stomach Drafts) will be sent to you free. Write
Dr. G. C. YOUNG. 474 National Bank Bldg M
Jackson, Mich.
both live ten miles from Newnan, and
they go to Corner Branch school.
Jimmie says he has four brothers and
two .sisters. We are glad to get these
letters from the little ones. The
spelling is a little catawampous, and
the writing rather rocky, but we have
seen many a worse letter from a grown
man. Go ahead, Jimmie and Mary;
write to us again.
Don’t Let It be the Last.
‘M am a little girl eight years old.
I’m going to school, and I am in the
third grade. My teacher is named
Miss Lillian, and I like her very much.
I live with my uncle. He is a mail
carrier. He takes the Jeffersonian.
He is always glad to get it. He al
ways reads it for me every night after
supper. Well, as this is my first let
ter, I will close. Gussie Lee Aaron,
Lyons, Ga.”
Mind Your D’s and Q’s.
Mary A. Johnson, of Middleton,
Ga., writes a very nice letter, but she
puts some kind of a wiggle-tail on her
d’s, making’ them look like deformed
q’s. She addresses the letter to
Daqqy Jim, and she dates it from
Miqqleton, and she says her father is
delighteq with the Jeffersonians. At
ten years one can take liberties with
the alphabet, but afterwards, in the
sweetheart stage, the alphabet will
get even.
Likes to Read the Letters.
“ My father takes the Jeffersonian,
and I like to read the letters. I live
in Elbert county, near where Broad
River empties into the Savannah. 1
am in the fifth grade in school. I
have blue eyes, and am twelve years
old. My name is Clarence Johnson,
Middleton, Ga.”
A Suggestion as to Work.
“I am a boy fourteen years of age,
and have finished the seven grades of
school. I am working now to make
money enough to carry me through a
larger school. My papa works in the
post-office, and takes the monthly Jef
fersonian. He likes it very much.
He says you started the R. F. D. My
uncle carries the R. F. D. No. 1 from
Marietta, Ga. I hope this letter will
come up to the standard required to
win the prize. Sterling C. Phillips,
Marietta, Ga.”
Daddy Jim would suggest to our
young friend that he get a few copies
of the Jeffersonian Magazine next
month, and try to sell them. He can
also get a few sample copies of both
Jeffersonians and take subscriptions.
There is money in this work, when you
once get started. Write to us, and
we will send you full particulars and
all the samples you need.
>■ Here is a
Money Maker
for ever v
TOBACCO, CABBAGE, TOMATO
jspMV AND SWEET POTATO GROWER
■My Masters
■■ Plan* Setter
oWL'W takes away all the tedious work of
netting out a held of plants. This
Sff! l " W Setter is a great labor saver, a crop
fflMw producer and a drought breaker. Is
Xar' ¥ worth TEN TIMES its cost to every
J farmer and grower in the U. S.
Send us your name and address
ragS.: I ,.’U and we will tell you all about it and
MHhS what it will do, price, etc.
Nr county agents wanted
MASTERS PLANTER CO.
■ 178 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
Cfye 3effersonian
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
Doctor Durham* for three gesoratlon. have been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the r Jt |tt of vegetable medicinal preparation*. This remedy is. there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action la thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, ami la
wholly free from those objections so < ommon to many of the simply laxative
remedies -actlng not only as • laxative, but actually upon the liver A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thou. EC. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson. Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This Is to certify that 1 was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator. and do uot
now have to use any kind of liver medicine."
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co.. Augusta. Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food’ ant! Dr>»g Act
of Jose 80. IWOfl
❖~ “ +
l-i 1 i-i 4-
$ Fifty Beautiful Post Cards ;;
4 In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we , »
4 make this wonderful offer: w >
J Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months) All For ; ’
$ Up-to-D&te Farming' 3 Months a /■» X
20 American Girl Post Cards , Zi* 4
T Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange ) * *
4 Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders. « a
J But we are going to make a still better offer, and this is what we want « »
every present subscriber to work for:
t This Is Our Great Plan t
X We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh- &
V bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward, * *
4*
4» FIFTY OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL HIGH ART POST CARDS * »
41 EVER PRODUCED.
4$ Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. « »
4 EXTRA REWARD
4* AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
4 what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card « »
4$ collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many «»
thousand members now, all over the United States, and in some foreign * ,
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your 9
X club in tbe exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be * *
4* made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle * *
<4 moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable. * »
4 Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming * »
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
? bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two 4*
Jr papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and 4
4* marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get X
4» three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
4 another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
4 SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes 4
4 a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play 4
jF and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
4 the entire fleet, with the names of the ships. 4
t Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian £
f THOMSON, GA. 4-
•4444444444444 4444444444444444444
PAGE THIRTEEN