Committee to get campaign money. And Bob
Lowry, the Republican boss from whom Bo
denhamer tried to get money, last year, is the
Georgia chief of the ship-subsidy thieves.
The facts are ugly.
SPEAK OUT, LOCAL UNIONS! What
do you think of all this?
(1) Do you not think that you are entitled
to a lawyer who has a good record?
(2) Are you satisfied to pay dues, in order
that an Atlanta printer may have a glorious
trip to a Canadian labor-congress, at your ex
pense ?
(3) Don’t you think that every delegate,
sent anywhere, to represent the Farmers’
Union ought to be a farmer?
(4) Do you not think that the negro la
— borers have enough advantage over you, al
ready, without the passage of Pearre bills to
deprive the courts of power to protect your
“business” of farming?
(5) Don't you think it strange that Boden -
hamer, after the wide notoriety given to his
stealthy efforts to get Republican boodle, last
fall, should have been taken into the influen
tial position he seems to hold in Farmers’
Union councils, and given the business man
agement of the Farmers’ Union organ in
Georgia ?
® ® ®
The People’s Revolt in Maryland
Along the old Eastern shore of Merrielund,
that insurrection against the two old Twins
is rolling at high-tide.
In the counties of Queen Anne, Dorchester
and Somerset, the People’s Party, of which I
wrote some weeks ago, has got the bosses
badly scared.
So much so, indeed, that they ran to the
Judges, and sought to get an injunction to
restrain the supervisors from putting the
names of the People’s Party candidates on
the official ballot!
But the attempt failed. Judge Pearce, who
sat upon the case, decided, after full hearing,
that he couldn’t see anything immoral or il
legal in the People’s Party nominations.
Think of the impudence of the petitioners,
who set up the claim that an independent Peo
ple’s movement “is a moral and legal wrong”!
81 KI IS
“Legislators” Plan Is 0. K.
Mr. S. C. Adams, of Red Oak, Pennsyl
vania, indorses “Legislator’s” plan (see paper
of two weeks ago), and wants to know how the
subject can be brought before the people.
The quickest, directest way of doing so is
to organize Jeffersonian Clubs, and Young
Men’s Leagues.
Let each of these clubs, acting independent
ly of all others, discuss “Legislator’s” plan,
and vote on it.
Briefly, his proposition is to organize a peo
ple’s movement, in favor of better laws and
better conditions. He would name the move
ment the Legislative party,—a title which
would not revive prejudice nor be a reminder
of past conflict, defeat and failure.
“Legislator” suggests that all reformers can
meet on the common ground of direct legisla
tion. The idea is a good one. Be it under
stood, however, that the apportionment of
political power between the States and be
tween the counties (as in Georgia) shall not
be disturbed.
For example, the large States shall have no
greater preponderance over the small ones
than at present.
With the Initiative, Referendum and Re
call, applied in this manner, the people at
once become self-governing. They can enact
such legislation as the majority desire, —with-
in constitutional limits.
Now, hump yourselves, brethren, and form
clubs. GET TOGETHER, AND LEARN
YOUR STRENGTH.
Jeffersonian
Ship Subsidy Thieves
Watch as well as pray, farmer!
YOU ARE BEING SOLD OUT. I was
afraid it would come —just as it did to the
Farmers’ Alliance, and to the Southern Cot
ton Association.
The Judases are at work, farmer!
YOU ARE BEING BETRAYED WITH
KISSES.
Some of those whom you trusted ARE
LEADING YOU INTO THE TOILS OF
THE WORST ELEMENT OF THE RE
PUBLICAN PARTY!
Whose hobby was the ship-subsidy bill?
MARK HANNA'S.
Who was he? The McKinley campaign
manager, WHO BEAT BRYAN 'IN 1896 BY
THE USE OF $6,000,000 OF BOODLE.
From Bryan down, every genuine Demo
crat is bitterly opposed to ship subsidies, and
every other form of subsidy.
This organized raid on the national treas
ury, IS A STRICTLY REPUBLICAN AF
FAIR. The Cannons, Aldriches, Gal lingers,
Hales and Lodges are its captains.
808 LOWRY, THE GEORGIA RE
PUBLICAN BOSS, IS ONE OF ITS LO
CAL CAPTAINS.
Didn't the men who persuaded you to join
the Farmers' Union PROMISE YOU TO
KEEP THE UNION OUT OF POLITICS?
You know they did. And now. SUDDEN
LY AND SIMULTANEOUSLY, various
Farmers’ Union leaders in various States,
ALL BEGIN TO SING IN CHORUS FOR
THIS REPUBLICAN SHIP SUBSIDY
STEAL.
THEY HAVE NOT ONLY GONE INTO
POLITICS, BUT HA VE GONE OVER TO
THE REPUBLICANS!!!
What do you think of it, Local Union?
Speak out. RIGHT NOW, OR YOUR NA
TIONAL ORGANIZATION WILL BE
WRECKED, AS THE FARMER'S ALLI
ANCE lUIS.
YOU ARE BEING BETRAYED!
IS K KI
Even Pendleton Nods
In a recent issue of the Macon Telegraph
we found an editorial, which began thus:
“The pro-negro visionary of the North will
probably never cease talking and certainly will
never see straight. Professor Kelly Miller, of
Harvard University, now comes forward to ex
plain the increase of negro crime in the South on
the ground of a growing ‘spirit of racial exclusive
ness and intolerance’ among the whites. If. that
be so, the said spirit of intolerance must be much
more marked among the whites of Professor
Miller’s own section, for Professor Wilcox, of Cor
nell, the eminent statistician, has shown that
there is nearly three times as much crime among
Northern as there is among Southern negroes.”
What’s the matter, Pendleton? Don't you
know that Kelly Miller is a coal-black negro,
and Professor in that coon college at Wash
ington City ?
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
It happened that the writer of this note was
at Charlottesville, Virginia, when the delega
tion of farmers from Wisconsin, lowa, North
Dakota, South Dakota, Ohio, Illinois and
other far Western States passed through on
their way to Raleigh, North Carolina, via
Richmond, Virginia.
As these gentlemen seemed to be a prosper
ous, conservative lot of delegates,—men who
would never have been taken by people in this
section of the country to be farmers, my cu
riosity was aroused.
Approaching one of the delegates who had
taken dinner at the same table where I was
seated, I asked the question: “Where is your
congress to be held ? and what do you propose
to do?”
Something in the accent seemed to catch the
Western man’s eSr. “You are from the South,
are you not?*’ “les." I replied. “From what
section?" asked the Western man. When I
replied that I was from Georgia, the Western
farmer's rejoinder was, “You have more pow
er than we have, if you knew it.”
This brought on more talk, between the
Western farmer and me.
Continued the Western man, “If your farm
ers from the South would get together with
we farmers of the West, we farmers would
soon control the situation; let that condition
once come to pass and you would never ask
me, ‘What do you propose to do?’ ”
'l* fle
The farmer from the far West is independ
ent, politically. He has learned that the hon
est man stands for more than party affiliation,
lie has educated himself up to the point
where he can vote for the man who represents
principle instead of voting for the man who
has the party tag attached to his coat-tail.
I herefore, it is no surprise, after talking
with these independent farmers to know that
they send such men to Congress as La Follette
and Cummins.
a' X X
Ihe elections held during the past week
caused a few jolts to certain party leaders.
For instance, Charles F. Murphy, the Tam
many boss, has had his Tiger's tail twisted,
severely twisted.
The Republicans of New York City have
met a creditable defeat.
The jumping-jack, ever ready for anything
at any cost, AV. R. Hearst, has met with a de
feat which should put him out of politics for
all time to come.
* * ❖ *
Judge Gaynor, who is elected Mayor of
Greater New York, is a fearless, independent
Democrat.
Time and time again, he has refused to
knuckle to Murphy, and has openly defied
him. The only reason that Murphy threw
the Tammany nomination to Judge Gaynor
was because Murphy knew that he must have
an honest head to his ticket to win the mayor
alty race. Ihe people of New York City were
demanding such a man for Mayor as thev
know Judge Gaynor to be.
Murphy had ‘to make Gaynor the Tam
many candidate, hoping to ride the balance of
his ticket through on Gaynor's personal pop
ularity.
But Murphy and Tammany met the most
signal defeat that Tammany has met in years,
—Gaynor was elected, but the balance of the
Tammany ticket lost out.
What has given Tammany Hall its power
in New York City politics has been the
patronage. For the next four years Tammany
will have nothing to give to its ward-healers
and grafters.
The Board of Estimates and Apportion
ments, which will have the spending of
$1,000,000,000 during the next four years, is
anti-Tammany, which leaves the Tammany
Tiger out in the cold.
$ ❖ sf: Jjs
The eyes of the whole country were turned
toward New York City and State.
The Democrats seemed to think that if Mur
phy could put through his Tammany ticket he
would be the man who would name the next
Democratic nominee for President.
Governor Hughes seems to be a man who is
too true to the people that elected him to suit
his party bosses: therefore the Republicans
were as badly split up, in New York State, as
were the Democrats in New’ York City.
The Republicans, in what is called “Up
State", and which is always strongly Repub
lican, voted with the Democrats to whip out
the old Odell crowd. thus giving the Hughes
followers a gain of from tw’enty-eight to
forty-five members of the next Assembly on
the direct primary question.
PAGE THIRTEEN