know myself, am not more of a “disgruntled
politician’’, nor more “empty of human kind
ness”, nor tanked up to a greater degree with
“disappointed ambitions”. So far as “jeal
ousies” are concerned, they could more plausi
bly be charged upon the Editor whose paper
is going down, rather than to him whose pe
riodicals are growing daily.
Is Duckworth the same man whose friends
tell me, byway of disarming me. that he was
talking me up for the Senate, just about the
time I jumped him?
Same man, I guess. He was booming
Yours Truly, as successor to Senator A. O.
Bacon. Ask all the Union City boys (Bar
rett included.) if this isn't so.
He must have had a good opinion of me at
that time, or he was playing the hypocrite.
Which was it?
.If this question is not “vituperative”, let
him answer.
Since he was booming me for the Senate,
no crime have I committed, save that of ex
posing Duck’s Galveston break, and his en
tanglement with President Gompers.
As much as I love those who have proven
themselves to be my friends, I would antag
onize any of them, no matter who he is! if he
were to go wrong and betray the common
people, as Duckworth did.
It was a shame that, after the farmers had
furnished him subscription agents for years,
and had poured tens of thousands of dollars
into his pocket, he should try to decoy them
into the meshes of the Hannacrat Republi
cans.
Dr. Broughton Declines to Debate
Foreign Missions
(In his letter below, the Doctor says that
he “agreed to waive the things objected to”.
As my objection was, that the Doctor is a
clergyman, it is difficult to understand what
he meant when he wrote, “I agreed to waive”
it. How could he “waive” being a preacher?
He offered to doff “the cloth”, and dress up
in a bob-tail coat; but he would still have
been a clergyman, wouldn’t he? Unless, in
deed, he means for all of us to understand
that there is nothing of the preacher about
him, excepting his clerical garb.)
Dear Brother Watson:—Brother Broughton de
clines to debate with me. Here is a verbatim copy
of his letter to me in answer to my challenge to
debate:
“Atlanta, Ga.» Jan. 21, 1910.
“Rev. J. A. Scarboro, Magnolia, Ark.
“Dear Brother:—Yours of the 18th inst. to
hand, and in reply I will say that my challenge
for debate was to Mr. Watson after he had edi
torially devoted three columns to bringing MY
NAME into a thing which I had not entered, and
it was ON THAT GROUND that I challenged him
to meet me on the platform, that being my only
forum. He gave his reasons for declining, and I
agreed to waive the things objected to; he still
declined, and I have no desire to take it any
further, so I must respectfully to accept
your challenge.
“In answer to some points in your letter I will
say that I regard it as exceedingly narrow and
selfish to try to carry the gospel of Christ to for
eign lands, at the same time withholding the
things that show forth the true Christian spirit.
If these things are right for the Church at home
they are right for the Church abroad, for the
mere separation of nations by oceans does not
alter principles.
“With best wishes, I am,
“Fraternally yours,
“DEN G. BROUGHTON.”
I sent you copy of my challenge to him. Also
copy to Georgian with instructions not to publish
until Dr. Broughton had accepted or rejected my
challenge. Make such use of the whole corre
spondence as you wish. Meantime lam ready to
meet any other man the Atlanta contingent may
put up, provided the propositions are fairly stated
and debate fairly conducted.
Now, per contra: Dr. Broughton’s declination
appeals to uniformity in missions; that is to say,,
he argues that what we do for home folks in mis
sions must also be done for the heathen. Vice
versa: What we do for the heathen must also be
done for home folks. Consequently we must feed,
I clothe, educate, doctor and otherwise care for all
I the poor and needy at home. This will stack the
C>be Jeffersonian
evangelization, education and benevolence of the
world on the backs of the churches, an absurdity
because an impossibility; it also involves rela
tions with all civil, eleemosynary and educational
institutions and takes from the States and gov
ernments of the world the work of caring for their
poor and illiterate and transfers all these things
to the churches and relieves the States and gov
ernments. It is too absurd to excite serious com
ment. Go after him if you like.
As to the meeting at Thomson, that is good.
Shall I write Carpenter and others to that effect?
And shall we make it after your return from
Florida? Please give me your Florida P. O. so I
can reach you if necessary.
Everything moving off nicely for the new year.
Please hand enclosure to your Business Man
ager. Yours very truly,
J. A. SCARBORO.
Magnolia, Ark., Jan. 24, 1910.
(Just wait until I get back from Florida.
Fort ’Lauderdale is the P. O. Have gone
after Bro. Len, just a little bit. T. E. W.)
What a Crimean War Vet Thinks
“We had the curiosity last week to count the
letters published in the weekly Jeffersonian.
There were only thirty last week! I think that
they often run higher than that. Os these thirty
letters, nineteen were from Georgia, and the other
eleven were 'from ten different States, Alabama,
South Carolina, lowa, Florida, Missouri, Illinois,
Connecticut, South Dakota, Arkansas and Cali
fornia. This is evidence that The Jeffersonians —
monthly and weekly—are read with uncommon
interest in a very extensive field. Whether in
politics, religion, finance, tariff, literature, his
tory, philosophy, naval and military affairs, the
R. F. D., Treasury Department, Postoffice Depart
ment, Land Department, in versatility, Tom Wat
son appears unlimited. He is the Instructor-
General of the United States of America.”
We take this from The Patriarchy the pa
per of Edward Clayson, one of the surviving
heroes of the Crimean War, residing now in
Seattle, Washington. A finer tribute has sel
dom, if ever, been paid by one editor to an
other.
The Late Jim Griggs and the
R. F. D.
Dear Mr. Watson: —I love to read your paper.
My father has been a Watson man for years.
Would vote for him if he were to get a chance
now, so would I. He served in the Army, lost
his health but never has been able to get any
pension as yet.
Mr. Watson, there are lots of people who think
Jim Griggs is the daddy of the Free Mail Deliv
ery. I want yon to tell us all almut it in your
next letter.
I am only a three-horse farmer. Raise our
hog and hominy and all the cotton we can gather.
We only have three Jersey cows, some nice hogs,
to run over for this fall.
Will close. Love to you and all who read after
you. N. C. ARRINGTON.
COMMENT.
Friend Arrington seems to be pretty well
fixed. He won't have to join the boycott of
the Meat Trust. With a three-horse farm,
three Jerseys, fattening hogs to carry over,
meat in the smokehouse, corn in the crib—
why, I think Brother Arrington is as inde
pendent as a wood-sawyer.
I congratulate him.
As to the late Jim Griggs and the R. F. D.,
the facts are, that he did not run for Con
gress until 1896, and therefore his actual
service began in December, 1897.
The first money voted by Congress for the
R. F. D. was the SIO,OOO carried in the P. O.
appropriation bill which passed in February.
1893. The mandatory resolution in favor of
the R. F. D. was adopted in the Committee
of the Whole February 17, 1893.
At that time, the late Jim Griggs was a
Judge of the Superior Court, in Georgia.
As I have already said a few times, and
then a few more, the mandatory resolution
was mine. Have offered to give big money
to Charity, for the production of proof to
the contrary. This country is literally
rammed, jammed and crammed with people
who are reaching out, in one way or another,
to get their paws on other folks’ portable
property; and yet not even the foreign mis
sionaries are trying to get the Big Money
aforesaid.
Two Bank-Wreckers
How inconsistent are the decrees of fate [
One man steals a cow, and he goes to the peni
tentiary: another steals a copper-mine, and he
goes to the United States Senate. One man
obtains money or goods on false pretenses,
and he serves a term in the chaingang. An
other loots railroads, and dies in the odor of
sanctity, after having wielded a greater pow
er than that of an average King.
Compare the cases of C. W. Morse and
C. T. Ladson. The New York bank-wrecker
was prosecuted, convicted, and sentenced to
fifteen years’ imprisonment. He got off light.
A grander rascal does not live. As President
of the Ice Trust, he practically killed scores
of the children of New York. He would
send boats up the Hudson to break up the ice
that was forming—his purpose being to re
duce the supply of ice, and, consequently, in
crease the prices and profits of the Ice Trust.
Besides doing this, the inhuman monster
adopted a new rule, which forbade the deal
ers to sell less than ten cents worth of ice.
Such a barbarous rule shut out many a poor
woman who had a sick child, sweltering and
gasping for breath, in the crowded, unventi
lated tenements.
A cold-blooded, mercenary murderer!—
that’s what C. W. Moi *se is; and he does not
t deserve one particle of the newspaper slobber
which he has been getting.
But he violated the banking laws of New
ork, antagonized some dominant interests
there; and he had to go to the penitentiary,
in spite of all his bellowing and kicking.
But we have a bank-wrecker in Georgia
who has not even been prosecuted. I refer to
C. T. Ladson, Esquire. This sleight-of-hand
artist roped two officers of the Neal Bank
into an unlawful use of the trust funds, which
confiding stockholders and depositors had
placed in their custody. In bold violation of
the plain letter of the law, these three un
scrupulous men—Ladson, Thornton and Man
ry—-put $160,000 of the trust funds of the
bank into a foreign land speculation.
The capita] stock of the Neal Bank was
only $100,000: and no two officers of it had
the legal right to use more than $20,000 of its
money. Ladson, as a lawyer, knew this. He
professionally knew that our penal laws de
clare, that if any officer of any bank in this
State oversteps the limits above mentioned,
he shall be guilty of a felony, and be pun
ished accordingly.
In defiance of this law, which as an attor
ney he took a solemn oath to obey, C. T. Lad
son, Esquire, confederated and conspired
with Thornton and Manry, to trample upon
that statute. Colluding with the President
and Vice-President of the Neal Bank, C. T.
Ladson, Esquire, invested in a foreign land
deal $60,000 more than the entire capital
stock of the bank.
Then came the panic of 1907. It caught
the Neal Bank with $160,000 of its funds tied
up in Cuba. The other Atlanta banks hugged
each other close, and issued home-made
money.
The Neal Bank was left out in the cold.
The other banks shied at that Ladson transac
tion. Then the crash came. And the papers
described the pitiful throng of depositors,
who flocked together to gaze woefully on the
closed doors of the bank.
How many of the nine thousand deposit
ors suffered during the winter of 1907? How
many a printer, mechanic, clerk, saleswom
an. sewing-girl and common laborer was ut
terly ruined by the failure of the Neal Bank?
How many of the stockholders lost all they
had in the wreck?
Even now. after the Cuban speculation has
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE