operator, and Ward, Jr.’s Advocate have been
abusing me or having given that advice.
All right. See how cotton slumped last
week. You can’t get as much today, (Febru
ary 18th) as you could have got last Novem
ber. And there are the warehouse charges,
the loss in weight, the interest and the in
surance devouring your hold-over product.
Os course, the price may go to 20 cents,
even yet; but you are taking all the risks on
the gamble. The money-lender takes none.
The insurance and warehouse companies take
none. And the sassy, brassy, branch-water
editors referred to are not taking any, eith
er. They have no cotton, and no real interest
in the matter.
The severe winter and repeated freezes
practically assure a much larger crop, on the
same y round, than was produced last year;
and that’s another important factor which
the hold-over leaders did not and could not
take into consideration last fall.
Another unforeseen event is the fight
which the Cotton Exchanges appear to be
making on the growers. Just as the national
bankers precipitate a panic to scare the Gov
ernment, every time their nefarious game is
threatened, so the Exchange gamblers seem
to be manufacturing low prices for cotton to
intimidate the farmers>
Solomon himself couldn’t tell what the
final outcome will be.
Biographical Sketch of Rev. J. W.
Ellington
(Born Dec. 13, 1834: died Jan. 16, 1910.)
A most striking example of what determination
and persistent well-directed effort united with in
tegrity of principle may do for a man in enabling
him to prepare for the duties of life and to suc
ceed in them is exhibited in the career of Rev.
John W. Ellington. Recently elected to fill the
honorable and responsible position of Principal
of Mercer High School at Penfield, he had nearly
grown to manhood before enjoying any education
al facilities really worthy of the name. He was
born in Crawfordville, Georgia, December 13,
1834; at eight years of age he was put to work
on a farm by his father, who at that time moved
to the country.
Previous to that period he had attended school
one year only—and for ten years afterwards most
/ fW!.-- ■> • ■ \ aS
Z W- \
I
/ BK* \
A
We i
- ‘ ■■ Z
\ /
REV. J. W. ELLINGTON
of his information was acquired by diligent self
application at night after the day’s work was
done.
Before he was fourteen years of age, he had
read more history than the majority of boys read
previous to manhood, but keenly felt the want of
educational advantages denied him by absence of
pecuniary means. His good character and con
duct and his efforts to elevate himself intellect
ually, however, gained him a friend in his ex
tremity who proved himself both able and willing
to render the assistance necessary—that man was
the Hon. A. H. Stephens, of Crawfordville. In the
fall of 1852, when eighteen years of age, he be
came the subject of converting grace, joined the
church at Crawfordville and was baptized by El
der T? D. Martin. Soon after, to his grateful sur-
Obe 3eftersoruun
prise, Mr. Stephens beholding in him a worthy
object of bounty in the generosity of a noble na
ture, proposed to assist him in obtaining an edu
cation —the proposition was accepted and Mr. El
lington entered the Crawfordville Academy, then
under the control of an excellent teacher, Mr.
T. C. Moore. The money to be used in obtaining
an education, advanced by Mr. Stephens, was to
be repaid by Mr. Ellington as soon as earned
after its completion. He made diligent use of
his opportunities at Crawfordville during three
years, entered the Sophomore class at Penfield in
1855, and graduated with credit in 1858.
He immediately opened a school at Raytoh and
began u teach, and has been continually engaged
as an instructor evei' since at Powelton, Mayfield,
Thomson, Penfield, Hepzibah and other places.
While in college, in the year 1857, he was li
censed to preach by the church at Crawfordville,
though he preached but little until he graduated.
His ordination took place at Powelton in 1862,
the presbytery consisting of Elders Radford
Gunn, J. H. Kilpatrick, W. M. Verdery, and W. I.
Harley. He was immediately called to the care
of Powelton Church, Hancock County, and Elim
Church, Warren County. Besides these he has
most acceptably served Horeb Church, Mt. Zion,
Thomson, Pine Grove and New Providence, Mar
shal and others.
Notwithstanding severe losses by the war sim
ilar to those suffered by all of our citizens, he
was able soon after the restoration of peace by
the exercise of determined energy and effort to
repay his benefactor all the money advanced and
S3OO interest —the remaining interest Mr. Steph
ens generously remitted.
In 1860 Mr. Ellington was married to Miss E.
T. Jones, of Powelton, and at present has three
living children, four having been taken away by
death.
Os all our Georgia Baptist ministers, few have
labored harder and with more definiteness and
simplicity of purpose—or with greater success
and efficiency than Rev. J. W. Ellington—wheth
er regarded as a pastor or teacher. He is char
acterized by conscientiousness and reverence,
seeming ever to cherish a realizing sense of God’s
presence and of his own responsibility.
(From “Biographical Compendium, Baptist
Ministers of Georgia”.)
In Honor of His Memory
(by t. e. w.)
Mr. Ellington was a thoroughly good man,
modest, but firm and full of courage. He was
one of the men who would have gone to the
stake for a principle.
Even in his prime, when preaching every
Sabbath and teaching school during the
week, he never accumulated anything. He
was too generous, too charitable, too hospita
ble to be a “saving man”.
It pleased Heaven to rain afflictions upon
him; but he bore them with the fortitude of
a Scotch Presbyterian of the Old Kirk. The
untimely death of one of his daughters—a
little black-curls beauty whom I used to take
on my knee—was a tragedy as sad as any that
ever came within my knowledge. I happened
to be a passenger on the train which bore her
corpse from the Atlanta hospital to Harlem;
and I will never forget the pathetic story, as
the grieving father related it to me.
There was a vein of gloom, of despondency,
of self-depreciation very noticeable in Mr.
Ellington. With a deep sigh, he said to me
in my home one\ day, “I feel that my whole
life has been a failure.” He was then grow
ing old: younger men had passed him on the
road: he had not always been well treated by
the churches he served: domestic sufferng had
weighed upon him; and he had that feeling
which is so natural to one who is in the sere
and yellow leaf—a trying time that awaits
us all.
But his life was by no means a failure. In
his schools, he taught thousands of boys and
girls, who must have lived better lives be
cause of his precept and example. In his
churches, he had preached to tens of thou
sands of people, who must have been in
fluenced by the Word. In the lives of his
pious daughters, and in those of their chil
dren, the stream of good influence, flowing
from the daily example and admonition of
that consecrated father, will flow on, from
generation to generation.
Less good to this world has been done by
many a national celebritv, whose every move
ment is heralded by a blare of trumpets, and
whose passing away is celebrated by pomps
and elaborate ceremonial.
The weary and broken old soldier was en
titled to his earthly discharge. He had
fought a good fight, had persevered to the
end; and it was fit that he should at length
fall 'in sleep.
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
A fair example of how the tariff works is
shown by the following case:
Some days ago a junk dealer from the
United States happened to be in Canada
where he saw a lot of old scrap rubber that
he could use in his business. The scraps were
old pieces of rubber shoes, boots, etc., and
this dealer bought them at. a cheap price.
After paying for the scraps and ordering
them shipped to his home in the United
States, the purchaser thought no more about
his deal until his goods were held by the cus
toms officers when they reached the border.
Many rubber boots are lined with wool,
and the scraps from some of these old boots
happened to have the wool linng still stick
ing to the rubber. r I herefore, the old scraps
of rubber were held by the customs officers
to be wool because there happened to be a
few woolen threads sticking to the rubber.
In other words, these scraps, rubber and
all, were declared to be wool and subject to
the duty on wool, —just as if it had been that
many pounds of good wool instead of that
many pounds of scrap rubber.
And the. man who bought these scraps had
to pay ths duty or let his goods be confis
cated.
Sometimes you see it stated in the newspa
pers that the present tariff on cattle is not too
high, that without the tariff the cattle men
of the country would be driven to bank
ruptcy.
We know from what source such state
ments originate, just as well as we know how
much “infant industries” as the Oil Trust
and the Steel Trust need protecting from
foreign competition.
But to get the facts as to how much the
present tariff benefits the cattle man of the
West, just how much of the increase in the
price of beef goes into his pocket, we will
quote the price of American meat at home
and abroad.
On Wednesday of this week (February 16)
meat in Lonjon and in New York was quoted
as follows:
London —American frozen beef,
per lb. 814 to 9 cents
New York—American frozen beef,
per lb. IIV2 to 14 cents
We all know that the Beef Trust pays the
same thing to the cattle man for the steer
that he puts on the market in New York and
Chicago that he pays him for the steer he
sells in England,—just because the meat is to
be shipped to London does not make it cost
the Trust less, just as the Trust pays the cat
tle man no more because the meat is to be
sold in Chicago or New York.
If this is not plain enough,—that the Trust
pays the same price for the meat it sells
abroad that it pays for that it Sells at home,
—we can’t make it any plainer.
Yet the Trust ships frozen meat to Lon
don, byway of New York, and sells it in
London from 3*4 to 5 cents per pound cheap
er than that which is stopped in New York
and sold there.
If it isn’t the tariff that enables the Beef
Trust to commit this robbery of the home
consumer, what is it?
* * * *
China, like Japan, is getting wise as to
American methods of doing business, and has
dealt J. P. Morgan and Secretary Knox’s
dollar diplomacy rather a hard blow.
The Chinese Government had decided to
borrow a large sum of money to build the
Hankow-Szchuen Railway, and Morgan, see
ing another chance to get his hands on East-
PAGE THIRTEEN