PAGE TEN
LETTERS T'ROM THI PEOPLE.
A MONUMENT TO A LIVING MAN.
As the people of Georgia enter into the
inestimable blessing of state prohibition it is
proposed, as a proper recognition of the ser
vices of a man who did much, some think
most, to bring to our state this great deliv
erance and honor, that we present him a
valuable gift.
Many have wrought nobly —have done
much have been honored instruments
in God’s hands in ridding our state, from the
tyranny of the accursed liquor traffic. But,
in the opinion of some, who are well informed
on the subject, the great victory would not
have come to Georgia, at this time, but, for
the work A. J. Hughes has done during the
last fourteen years for state prohibition.
Early in 1884, at considerable expense and
labor, he gathered the facts and prepared a
series of articles, which were published in
the Wesleyan Christian Advocate and in the
People’s Party paper; giving the exact status
of the liquor traffic in Georgia, and stressing
the great sin of licensing a recognized evil.
Nothing like this had been done. The series
went into about twenty-five thousand Geor
gia homes; and made quite an impression—
were talked of throughout the state The
late Chancellor Hill was so pleased with them
that he wrote Hon. C. R.R Pringle, “They are
just immense.”
Dr. W. F. Glenn, editor of the Wesleyan
(Tristian Advocate, said in his paper, “They
are telling facts.” Later, at the .request of
friends, the series was published in pamphlet
form and nearly ten thousand copies were
scattered over the state. After this in'.f‘’est
in state prohibition never waned but contin
ued to grow. During the following years, by
writing much for the papers, he kept the
cause before the people. He traveled thous
ands of miles attending conventions and other
meetings in the interest of the work. In the
interest of the Anti-Barroom Bill and the
Willingham Bill, he and the late Chancellor
Hill and others went before the legislature
again and agin. For years he was looked to as
the leader for state prohibition: He has been
called the Neal Dow of Georgia. And as
Neal Dow sowed Maine down with ; niperanc ?
literature so Hughes has scattered millions of
pages of temperance literature over Georgia.
Dis postage during the fourteen years has
amounted to nearly a thousand dollars. Fo,
several years he had associated with him in
the work the late Hon. C. R. Pringle ami the
late Chancellor Hill and they and many other
friends contributed the thousands of dollars
expended for literature and postage. But,
he supervised the work and did much of che
clerical work with his own hands. For more
than a year he edited the Sentinel, a prohi
bition paper published at Athens. He helped
organize the Anti-Saloon League in Georgia
and has co-operated with the W. C. T. U., all
these years.
All of this work he has done in addition
to his pastoral duties and those to his fami
ly! spending twelve of the fourteen years on
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
three circuits. As others are paid for such
work he has done thousands of dollars worth
of work, without compensation; as many ree
it, invaluabl work for all Georgia.
A presiding elder in the South Georgia
Conference, who never saw Brother Hughes,
but, who knows something of what he has
done for this great reform, said that he
thought the people of Georgia should build
Hughes a monument before he dies. From
the many commendations of his work and
some substantial propositions it seems a good
many Georgians are having similar thouglrts.
And as the most, desirable earthly possession,
especially to an itinerant who may finally
superannuate, is a home, it is proposed that
the monument be a home.
We appeal to the people of Georgia to make
the memorable year 1908 more memorable by
doing this beautifully befitting thing. It will
go down to the honor of the state to do this
for this man who worked so unselfishly so
many years, for the good of all the people and
the honor of the state. And now as we enter
into the blessings of state prohibition let us
do this splendid thing for the man who did
so much to bring it.
Knowing the nobility of the citizenship of
this great state we feel confident that all that
is necessary to the accomplishment of this no
ble enterprise is to call attention to the facts
and give the people an opportunity to help.
Already, on their own motion—unsolicited
—one man sends $25 and from another sec
tion two other men propose to give fifty dol
lars each and others smaller amounts. So it
seems to be in the atmosphere that this thing
should be done.
The appreciative people of this great com
monwealth, to the credit of the Empire State
of the South, which has the honor of leading
the South, and in some important respects all
the states in this great prohibition reform,
is going to do this noble thing, and do it
splendidly, for the man who has done such
an invaluable service for all Georgia.
Don’t send any money now, but send to
Rev. C. A. Jamison, Decatur, Ga., the amount
you will agree to contribute toward this en
terprise during the year 1908. Later we hope
to organize a board of trustees to receive and
invest the funds.
IN THE WRONG PEW.
Editor Watson's Jeffersonian:
When the First Regiment of Georgia Regu
lars left winter quarters, near Manassas
Junction. Virginia, on the Sth day of March,
1862, they numbered 700 as gallant Georgians
as ever donned the gray, or marched beneath
the folds of the Southern battle cross. Dud
ing the seige of Yorktown in April, the regi
ment lost enough men to establish a respect
able cemetery.
In May and June during the siege of Rich
mond, the regiment was under fire at Meadows
Bridge. Garnett’s Far®), Nine Mile road,
Peach Orchard, and Malvern Hill. Tn the
campaign after General Pope in August, the
regiment was under fire at the railroad bridge
on the Rappahannock, near Brandy Station,
Thoroughfare Gap in the Bullrun Mountain,
second battle of Manassas where they lost
one-half of their number in killed and wound
ed, and were under fire at Ox Hill near Fair
fax Court House on the first day of Septem
ber. During the Maryland campaign in Sep
tember, they were under fire at Crompton’s
Gap and Sharpsburg. After the battle of
Sharpsburg Lee’s army recrossed the Poto
mac and camped several weeks near Bunker’s
Hill, then crossed the Blueridge to Freder
icksburg, in time to meet the army of the
Potomac under General Burnsides. The bat
tle of Fredericksburg was fought on the 11th,
12th and 13th days of December, 1862, and
after the battle, there were but 150 men left
in the regulars. The regulars were then or
dered to Macon, Georgia, to recruit up. and
on the 29th day of December went by rail
from Fredericksburg to Richmond, where the
regiment went into quarters at Camp Lee.
The regiment had been marching and fighting
for ten months and both the officers and men
were anxious to get into the city. Colonel
Martin turned the command over to the next
ranking officer and left, he turned the com
mand over to some one else, and so on down
the line, until it reached the officer command
ing my company, Captain Frank Hill. Some
tinte after night he turned the command over
to some one else, and ordered me to go with
him to the Spotswood Hotel. I could not think
of any business that I had at the hotel, but a
soldier has to obey orders. On the way to
the hotel we saw on the right of the street a
large two story brick building, with a small
porch in front. The lot was enclosed with a
brick wall, and the large gate in front was
arched over with brick, with a small gate
on the left for pedestrians to pass through.
Captain Hill told me that was the residence
of Judge Marshall, chief justice of the Su
preme Court of the Confederacy, and that he
was intimately acquainted with the judge and
his family, and would like to call and see
them for a few minutes. I told him to go
ahead and that I would step inside of the
small gate to keep the provost guard from
picking me up, and await his return. Captain
Hill went to the door and rang the bell, which
was answered by a servant, he then sent in *
his card and Judge Marshall came to the
door. I did not know why Captain Hill told
him there was a soldier at the front gate, but
he must, for he called to me, and invited me
into the house. 1 begged to be excused but all
to no purpose, go in I must. I went on the
porch and was introduced to him by Captain
Hill. We then entered the hall, turned to the
left, and entered the parlor. I saw at a
glance that the room was richly furnished, the
carpets were so thick you would not hear a
soldier walk on them, the chairs were -uphol
stered, and had spring seats. Three large
mirrors about 3x9 feet were leaning against
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)