PLATFORM OF E. K. OVERSTREET, OF
SCREVEN COUNTY,
Candidate for Congress in the First Congres
sional District of Georgia.
To the White Voters of the First Congression
al District of Georgia:
Below i% a statement of my views on na
tional issues. Your careful consideration is
respectfully invited.
1. Direct legislation upon matters of import
ance; election of all officers by the people,
with the right to recall.
2. Revision of the tariff laws by placing
the necessities of life on the free list, leaving
the tariff on the luxuries of life for revenue
onlv.
V
3. A progressive income and inheritance
tax.
4. The government should issue all money;
it should be issued in sufficient quantities to
properly carry on the business of the country,
and when issued should be placed where most
needed.
5. The cessation in every line of an extrav
agant expenditure of government funds, and
a substitution of economic administration.
6. Favor postal savings banks; a parcels
post for carrying as large packages as possi
ble at the lowest rates and an extension of the
Rural Free Delivery System.
7. Favor abolishing the franking privilege,
so as to prevent congressmen from defrauding
the government out of thousands of dollars
to further their own ends and perpetuate
themselves in office.
8. Prevention of gambling in stocks and fu
tures. A rigid enforcement of the laws
against monopolies and trusts, not by fines
alone, but by putting in the penitentiary those
responsible for the violation.
9. A strict control of all public utilities, so
as to guarantee to the people their rights at
the hands of these public servants; if this
cannot be done then the government should
own and operate them for the benefit of the
public.
10. F ree the Philippine Islands and give
them self-government.
11. Preservation of state rights; and re
striction of encroachments of Federal Courts.
12. Immigration should be so restricted that
the criminal classes and the undesirable citi
zens of foreign countries cannot be dumped
upon our shores, at the same time we should
not object to the coming to this country of
the .better classes who will be compatible with
our form of government and will make us
good citizens.
13. Believing it would be best for the col
ored people, as well as the white people, that
the two races should be separated politically,
as well as socially, legislation should be en
acted, and if necessary the constitution
amended, to take the negro out of politics.
14. Prohibition.
If elected it shall be my desire and pleas
ure to serve the people of the district impar
tially. If my views meet your approval and
you think it safe to trust me with the office,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
I shall appreciate your support.
Respectfully,
E. K. OVERSTREET.
(Editorial note: And a mighty sound plat
form it is, too. Hard to beat. T. E. W.)
HON. THAD PICKETT COMMENDS COL.
J. L. FOSTER, CANDIDATE FOR
JUDGE OF BLUE RIDGE CIRCUIT.
Ball Ground, Ga., Mar. 24, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I send you by today’s mail the
Marietta News and Marietta Courier. The
Courier, which is Morris' paper, undertakes
to defend him of the charge that he undertook
to disfranchise the populists at the June pri
mary by seeking to have the State Executive
Committee to adopt rules (notwithstanding
the Macon Platform) that would exclude
them from voting. The News contains a reply
to Morris.
The truth is, Morris and Boykin Wright,
both of whom were appointed on the commit
tee by Chairman Miller (Morris tried to beat
Foster for committeeman’s place at Macon
but failed, and I have understood that the
10th district refused to elect Wright), would
have succeeded in excluding the populist had
it not have been for Foster whose amendment
to the rules reported by the sub-committee
forced the democratic executive committee of
each county to put the names of all white reg
istered and legally qualified voters on the
voters’ list.
Foster’s amendment as first offered was
“all white registered voters.” After if had
been fought over, voted on, and carried before
the committee, but before the chairman an
nounced the result, they suggested to Foster
to add the word “qualified.” Foster agreed
to this by adding also the word “legally,”
making the sense of the amendment the same
as its original form, as the word “legally”
could not apply to party qualification, while
the word “qualified’’ by itself would have,
but the two words taken together “legally
qualified,” of course, means according to law.
So you see our friend Foster took care of
us, and I feel that he ought to get credit for
it, and inasmuch as it is in keeping with his
record two years ago when he voted against
the caption that was placed on the democratic
ticket.
Foster and Morris are now opposing each
other for the judgeship of Blue Ridge cir
cuit, and I think that all of our populist
friends should be fully informed about the
matter. Aon will get the facts from Morris’
article in his own paper, The Courier, and
the reply to it in The News, which I have
mailed you. Foster made a hard fight for
his amendment and whipped Morris and Boy
kin Wright before the committee, find I be
lieve that they ought to be shown up, and I
know that an article by you in the Jefferson
ian would do more to give Foster the credit
that is justly due him than anything else.
Read the rules of the committee, read Mor
ris’ defense in The Courier, and the reply to
it in The News, and I believe that you will
agree with me that Foster deserves the credit
that an article in your paper would give him.
Your Friend,
T. PICKETT.
Editorial Note: It gives us pleasure to
publish the letter of our old friend Thad Pick
ett. The facts stated by him should power
fully appeal to every Populist and benefit Col.
Foster accordingly. T. E. W.
HAVE YOU ANY FRIENDS?
Each one of our subscribers is requested to
send us the names and postoffice addresses of
a few friends to whom we may send sample
copies of the Jeffersonian.
Don’t send the names of every fellow you
know, because some fellows read but little
and don’t think at all. It would be wasteful
to send the paper to such unfortunates. But
everyone knows a number who do read, think
and inquire, and to all such we want to intro
duce the Jeffersonian and ask them to sub
scribe.
Send us the names, and help to give the
Jeffersonian a boost. We know that wher
ever it has gone, it has set thoughtwaves in
motion; and it should go everywhere.
Address The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
Miners Will Keep Busy.
It was stated that there will be no shut
down of the mines of Illinois District No. 2,
employing nearly 5,000 men, pending a settle
ment of the question of a wage schedule for
the next two years.
Night Riders Burn Home.
The residence and barn of John Osborn, a
planter at South Ripley, on the Kentucky side
of the river, have been destroyed by night
riders. The marauders entered the town un
der cover of darkness and applied the torch
to Osborn's barn. A high wind swept the
flames to the dwelling and both structures
were destroyed.
20 COMIC POST CARDS, 10C.
Screamingly funny, right up to the minute.
Different than any you ever saw —two colors,
well printed cards —they’ll make you laugh
until your sides split. Sent prepaid, 20 for
10c.; 50 for 20.; 100 for 35.
Extra Special Offer.
Free Post Card Album. Cloth covers,, print
ed in red and gold ink. We will give one of
these beautiful Albums together with 100
cards, all tor 50c. Please send money order,
but if you send stamps, send one-cent •'dues.
The above offers are the best ever, for good
cards, while you cannot but be surprised and
delighted with the Post Card ALBUM which
is a beauty. Address:
CLIFTON PUBLISHING CO.,
Dept. 37, .
Waterville, Maine.
DROPSY
Cured; quick relief; removes all swelling in
8 to 20 days; 30 to CO days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to sufferers;
nothing fairer. For circulars, testimonials,
and free trial treatment, write
Dr. H. H. Green’s Sons, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE FIVE