PAGE TEN
LETIE.RS EKOM THE PEOTLE
A TERRIBLE ARRAIGNMENT OF SOUTH
CAROLINA’S STATE PRISON.
State Prison, Columbia, S. C., May 29, 'OB.
Mr. Thomas E. Watson, New York, N. Y.
Dear Sir: Being’ a resident of your native
state, Georgia, and a staunch supporter of
your party and an admirer of your mag
azine and your platform, “A square deal
to all,” I am taking the liberty of
addressing you to ask your aid in put
ting an end to the brutal treatment of
my fellow prisoners in this institution.
I give the following statements to sho-w my
authority for thus speaking.
Why is it necessary for the prisoner to beg
for a. small piece of rotten tobacco, perhaps
once in two months, when the law of the
state allows so much a week to each and there
are boxes piled upon boxes in the ilcommis
sary” for such use? Why is it that the physi
cian here never examines a man to ascertain
whether he be sick or not, and if he has no
fever he is pronounced a well man?
Why is it there is no record .kept of the
number of times a prisoner is published and
rhe number of lashes as prescribed by the
law?
Why is it that a man can be struck one
hundred and forty-four lashes with a hard
leather strap and seven licks with a seasoned
hickory slick on the head by the captain of
the guard and no attention paid to it?
Why is it that Ibis captain can kick the '
women prisoners down a flight of stairs and
no attention is paid to it?
Why is it w’e have to eat a small thin slice
of rotten “Butt” meat twice a day, and
impossible to get more, when the law pre
scribes one pound, a day, fresh meat for each
man ?
Why is it that the captain uses rubber shoes
to walk the tiers of the sleeping apartments,
to “catch” the men talking, and will hide
behind some building or “woodpile” to
accomplish the same, when the laws of the
institution plainly read that they shall walk
boldly and heavily when “on their rounds”?
These are a few of the conditions here and
the colonel with his corps of officers is daily
inflicting punishment upon men who are
entirely innocent, and at the same time getting
immensely rich off the state by pocketing
what belongs to the prisoner. A man who has
money here and can buy tobacco, canned
goods, razor, etc., fares fairly well but the
majority fare badly and have since this colonel
has been in authority.
It these facts, which every man here will
attest, seem of enough importance to you
to warrant publication or investigation, please
write me in a manner so as to let me know
but to keep the officers from catching on and
1 will mail you manuscript in detail of each
and more facts for publication.
For God’s sake help us.
■ST . < . . -
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
MATT CARSWELL, MALICIOUS SLAN
DERER.
The letters which follow explain them
selves :
Mathews, Ga., June 5, 1908.
Mr. T. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Mr. M. A. Carswell, of this
place, has repeatedly and persistently charged
that during the contest for Congress between
you and Black, the poor people of this county
and the 10th district subscribed Thirty-five
Hundred Dollars and paid over to you to pay
the contest expenses; that, after the contest.
Congress also paid you the amount of the con
test, cash, and that you .accepted both, and
put the Thirty-five Hundred Dollars into your
pocket ; thereby defrauding the people of that
amount. Os course, to those who have stuck
to you from Start to finish, this does not set
well. Please let me hear from you on same.
Yours truly,
R. N. BRADSHAW.
P. S.—For the benefit of others, you might
answer also through your paper.
' DICK BRADSHAW,
Thomson, Ga., June 6, 1908.
Dear Mr. Bradshaw:’
The statement to which you refer is abso
lutely and maliciously false.
Major C. E. McGregor, of Warrenton, Ga.,
took up the collection to which you refer, and
turned it over to Hon. C. 11. Ellington, now
Ordinary of McDuffie county. (Post Office
address, Thomson, Ga.) Please write to both
of these gentlemen.
Mr. Ellington acted as custodian of the
fund, and every dollar of it was disbursed on
checks drawn by him. Not one dollar of it
went into my pocket: It was spent mainly
in paying the fees of the attorneys engaged
in the ease. Messrs. John T. West and Ben
jamin Gross were the local attorneys, and
they associated with them a firm of Washing
ton, D. C., attorneys.
I had nothing whatever to do with the
voluntary subscription, and as to the Congres
sional appropriation, that also went to the
lawyers, and not'to me. My recollection of the
amount of the voluntary subscription is that
it was only about $1,409. The amount of
work which the lawyers had to do was very
great, and their fees were not nearly so large
as they should have been.
Yours truly,
THOS. E. WATSON.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON. GA,
MORGAN’S MUSINGS.
Party lines are resting more loosely on the
people than ever before in the history of the
country. The logic of events is supplementing
the years of labor performed by Populists,
Alliance men, the Granger, old Greenbackers,
and others working along the lines of in
dustrial reform. The seed was sown on good
soil. It has been watered by the tears of
poverty and distress, and nourished by the
sacrifices of a brave few who stood loyally
by their colors. The stench became so great
that the respectable element in the two old
parties could not stand it. Some one took the
lid off and the rotten, seething corruption of
systems was exposed. Who lifted the cover
is immaterial, but the condition shown empha
sizes the fact that the Populists made a cor
rect diagnosis of the case in their preamble
and platform adopted at Omaha, in 1892.
The adoption of that platform was accom
panied with the grandest ovation of enthu
siasm that was ever witnessed on this conti
nent. For thirty-five minutes there was no
cessation to the cheering, and old men em
braced each other and wept tears of joy.
So great was the ovation that it attracted
particular comment in the magazines on both
sides of the ocean, and especially from those
whose chief occupation was to defend organ
ized capital. 1 shall never forget that hour.
When at last there was a lull in the storm a
very slight incident started it anew and ten
minutes more were consumed in a whilrwind
of enthusiasm.
The construction of that platform was not
a case of “building better than we knew.”
The men who wrote that document knew. The
most prominent among them perhaps was Ig
natius Donnelly, author, orator, scholar, phil
osopher and sage. It was he who penned the
preamble, the most scorching political indict
ment of false systems and corrupt adminis
tration ever written. It was adopted with
very little modification. The platform was the
work of master hands and has stood all these
years impregnable against the assaults that
have been made upon it. It remains today
the chart of populism, and the Magna Char
ta of the republic.
The logic of events has decreed a new align
ment of political forces. Not that principles
have changed, but conditions shown by recent
developments are such- that new allies are
ready to join in the battle for human rights.
The people have become disg’usted with cor
ruption in high places, and the inadequacy of
present systems. They are ready to join
hands in a great movement independent of the
old political parties. The promises of poli
ticians are no longer accepted in good faith.
Such promises have been the pitfall of every
independent movement along the lines of po
litical and industrial reform. Years of bit
ter experiences have taught us that neither of
the two old political parties can be depended
upon to grapple with the evils which are prev
alent, If there is any difference in them i|