’
' ,I^^^B9B., i! # ‘'--W’ .■•p«c." 8 • -■ 91 <
■’"' K& ** 'V'' •• ' "** ’' Aw9~*sSe' In ' B ■ •.'•*■;*■,.-* v
- ■: ■ '-A i J Bv* w Irv: ’♦ ..■ * j
VI V VVll V
VO LU HR THREE,
NUMBER THI'R J't-SIX.
To say that the story of Abdul Ha
mid reads like a romance is to do it
injustice. No romance ever dared to
depict such a Gehenna of darkness
and hate as the history of this more
than Oriental despot. From his in ■
fancy he inspired fear and repulsion*
and we are told that his father even
gave orders that the child should nev
er be brought to him in the morning,
lest he might cast ill luck over the
whole day. He was, it is said, the
son of an Armenian slave girl, who
renounced 'Christianity for Islam and
danced her way into the favor of
Abdul Mejid. That wise and liberal
ruler was succeeded by the wild and
tempestuous Abdul Aziz, whose ma
niacal frenzies forced his ministers
to depose him. He ended his life a
few days later by opening his veins
with a pair of scissors. This was 'he
immediate environment of Abdul
Hamid’s young days.
Abdul Mejid, the liberal-minded
reformer, left an older son, Murad,
of legitimate birth and in manv wa ?s
resembling his father. But he lacked
the tremendous will-power and men
tal astuteness of his younger broth
er Abdul Hamid, and he paid a ter
rible penalty for his weakness. Ab
dul Hamid had spent his unloved boy
hood in superstitious ignorance, con
sulting soothsayers, and prying into
forbidden lore. The seers had prom
ised him the throne, though he was
the younger brother, but had told
him that his fate was linked with
that of Murad, and that his death
would follow close on his brother’s
death. This double prophecy is the
secret clue to his whole life.
Murad V. was raised to the throne
made vacant by the deposition of
Abdul Aziz, at the end of May,
1876. Three months later, he him
self was removed from the throne,
and a pall of mystery descended upon
him which has never been raised.
The incarceration of the elder
brother took place at the end of
August, 1876. At that very time a
frightful struggle was going on
among the Balkan Mountains between
the Christian Slavs and the Moslem
Turks. De Laveleye tells a horrible
story of tortures and impalements,
and records that the Austrian con
sulate at one frontier point asked
the Constantinople government not
to impale Christian Servians at a cer
tain place, because they were visible
from the windows of the consulate.
The Porte apologized, and thereafter
impaled them on the farther side of
k the
A Weekly Paper Tdited by THOS. and J. D. WATSON
The ‘Red Rule of Sultan Abdul
"By Charles Johnston. A / \ / g ...
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, Sej, jmber 3, 1908
the worst days of Genghis Khan and
the Tartar raids. The unconquered
warriors of Montenegro joined hands
with their Servian brothers. The
Christians of Bulgaria were up in
arms. And the world rang with the
tale of the “Bulgarian atrocities”
Russia watched this turmoil in the
Balkan peninsula with mixed feel
ings. On the one hand, all that was
noblest in Russia desited to free the
southern Slavs from oppression and
Lffl
/■/ illr
I I I 11 11 W 1
Kern: “Fellow Hoosiers’ This is the proudest moment of my life! The
notification that I—(then the deluge.)
Note: At Bryan’s notification, Mr. Kern was allowed to be present but
was not allowed to speak. Bryan monopolized the talk. Then at Kern’s
nomination, Bryan allowed Kern to be present and actually allowed
him to speak a very short piece,—after which Bryan took possession of
the stage and monopolized the talk. Modest man, Bryan is. Not at
all greedy of attention, applause, limelight, advertisement. Poor Kern!
How he must have envied James Sherman and Judge Sam Williams
who were the heroes of their own nominations, with no Bryan to butt
in,
cruelty. On the other, there was the
old ambition to seize Constantinople,
and, among the obscurantist reaction
aries, a hearty detestation of the
Turkish Parliament. How could they
refuse Russia a freedom enjoyed by
the Turks? The nobler side of Rus
sian feeling led to a declaration of
war against. Turkey in of
‘ 18j%^in d<to * th% and complete,
obscurantist reaction, it is said, led
to a secret treaty with Abdul Hamid,
whereby his tenure of the throne
was assured, if he consented to abol
ish the Turkish Parliament, thus re
moving the reproach from Russia of
being the one despotism left in Eu
rope. Be this as it may, it is cer
tain that the Parliament at Constan
tinople was prorogued—not dissolved,
be it observed—and Abdul Hamid be
gan to reign as a despot, bending his
great powers primarily to securing
his tenure of the throne. The Turk
ish Parliament stands prorogued, and,
in theory and in law, the Constitu
tion which Abdul Hamid had sworn
to protect has remained in force
throughout the whole period since
1876.
Abdul,Hamid seems to have taken
rather lighthj. tfce lo&jpof go pau’clr of
whose throne lie had usurped. Thj
treaty had recognized him as th|
ruler of Turkey. He had got rid o|
his Parliament. And in all ways Ix 9
position was strengthened, rathej
than weakened, by the war. He nol
turned his great and malign abilitia
toward the task of consolidating ha
power.
A physical coward, and mortalli
afraid of death, yet, by a strange con
tradiction, a man of tremendous anc
despotic will-power,, of fierce, relent;
less, tireless force of mind and dote®
mination, he is, in his cowardice ail
his craft, his weakness and his ill
mense determination, like Philip II
of .Spain, the Philip of the Nethel
land massacres and of the Tnquisp
tion. Though devoid of all the betw
parts of intellect, he has the bound
less astuteness of some cunning ani
mal. and, with his craft and his forej
he has held his own against Christel
dom for more than thirty years.
His swarm of spies did their bes
to earn his gratitude. Denunciation
became a regular business, as in tl|
Terror of the French Revolution, o’
the worst days of the Inquisition? ij
Spain. All those who were suppose!
to favor the liberal ideas of Midba'
Pasha, all those who protested tha
the Constitution should be enforced
all those who were thought to 10l
askance at the legalized usurpations?
Abdul Hamid, and most of all thosl
who knew too much about the rea!
condition of Murad, the prisoner qj
the Cheragan Palace, began to disap
pear suddenly from their homes, ii
the dead of night, vanishing “like |
stone dropped into water,” as tin
proverb says.
Our sensational journalists and re
mancers have done full justice to tin
horrors of Siberian exile, and haw
thrilled us with indignation and an
ger over the sufferings of politics
prisoners in the Asian lead-mines o.
the Czar’s dominions. From Coua
Tolstoi to George Kennan eloquent
pens have recorded the indignation o;
generous hearts over the waste apj
destruction of all that was most lib
eral in Russia, in the frozen deseru
of Siberia. Why is it that none oi
our writers has told the not less
rifying tale of the Tripoli deserts, tin
sun-scorched wastes of northern Afrl
ca, whither are hurried the victims a
Abdul Hamid’s fear and hatred, al
that is noblest, most aspiring, ail
progressive in the great Turkish nl
tion?
The narye “Young Turks”
jlany *>fth^m s , are Ji
Price Five CentsJß