THE GREAT GOD PAN.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
slipped into her blue-sprigged kimona,
and with her feet thrust into soft
slippers went out for a parking look
around.
For awhile »she sat on the bottom
step of the veranda, yearning over her
treasures, then she ran to the late rose
hedge and the row of corn lilies, and
bent over to cuddle the flowers as if
they had been children.
“It would soon be over, she would
be sentimental just all she wanted
to,” she told herself with a wistful
little laugh. 'So she knelt by the pan
sy bed, and turned the quaint little
faces up in the white moonlight. She
touched with soft fingers the broken
fountains and the old gray sundial.
One by one, she said good-bye to
them all.
“Now, if she could only find it!”
she said whimsically. “I would like to
give it a piece of my mind for being
so obstinate.”
Swiftly she'turned and ran through
the garden and up the stone steps.
At the foot of the carved stairway
a flood of soft music floated down to
her as if in answer to a call. With
fast-beating heart she glided upward
along the silken thread of sound, un
til she came into the smooth-ceiled or
gan loft. And then, instead of —as
heretofore —leaning her ear to the
wall and following the sound around
the high wainscoting, she went
straight to the mullioned window at
the west end, and said smilingly, as if
to a mischievous child:
“Where are you, oh, Great God
Pan?”
Then she held her breath and list
ened. Slowly the whimsical smile
left her face and a look of solemn ear
nestness came over it. She put her
two hands up to the deep, closed win
dow and pushed with all her might.
It did not yield, and stooping she
pantingly strained upward with strong
heaves of her young shoulders. Sud
denly the window shuddered and then
shot up, leaving Winnie clinging for
support to the wide casement.
Quickly she drew herself up and
reaching over into the open window
box drew out a polished soundings
board, of like grain and exactly fitting
the casement, with frets at the ends
to which were tightly strung twisted
and waxed silken chords of varying
thickness.
It was a rude aeolian harp of great
power and sweetness, and even as she
held it the wind smote through the
open window and quivered goldenly
in a long, bell-like strain upon its
strings.
• * * • •
Tom Westmere, despoiled suddenly
of his sleep by a bad dream, sat up
in bed and found himself alone.
Worried by the queer circumstance,
he made a hurried search about the
lower story, and finally, climbing the
carved stairway, came upon his wife
in the moonlit organ loft. iShe stood
with her back toward him, slight and
childlike in her quaint kimona, her
blond hair hanging down in two long
braids.
Suddenly, with a low laugh, she
turned and held something up and
out. In the luminous light he saw her
eyes shine and her lips curve upward
like a merry child’s.
“Listen, Tom,” she breathed, “and
say, please say, that you will stay!”
The night wind came boldly into the
room, just as Westmere took his wife
and the Great God. Pan in his arms.
In the morning, Agent Thorndyke,
coming over to draw up the papers,
found an awkward surprise in store
for him.
Winnie sat by the window, working
diligently upon some dainty trifle, and
smiling as he had not seen her smile
of late. By her side in the polished
window seat, lay a queer, rude harp,
making soft, elusive music in the
faint morning breeze.
For a long moment the radiant
young mistress and the astonished,
defeated old schemer looked straight
into each other’s eyes; then the lat
ter crossed the room and shaking his
plucky neighbor solemnly by the
hand, went out without a word.
A GARLAND FOR THE SEX.
Was a woman ever known to blow
out the gas or to be buncoed by a
man who wanted to borrow money to
pay a freight bill? Does she ever
get her pockets picked or lose money
on a little “game”? If she has a
roll of money with her, does she ever
flash it when she wants to buy a cake
of chewing gum? Isn’t it a fact that
she is wiser than the men and more
to be trusted? Instead of a woman’s
having a man along to “protect” her,
the daily papers prove that every man
who goes away from home should
have a woman to act as a guardian
and keep him from making a bigger
fool of himself than he naturally is.—
Atchison Globe.
ELEGANT Thin Model YEAR WATCH
Hunting owe beautifully engraved, gold finished throughout, stem wind and
stem set, fitted with 7 ruby jeweled American lever movement. Guaranteed
20 years; with long gold plated chain for Ladies or vest chain for Gents.
7
LADIES or
CENTS slxo
IF YOU SER IT YOU WILL BUY IT. Let u. send it without expense to
you 0.0 J>. express charges paid by us for examination at your nearest express
office and If you think it a bargain and equal in appearance to any *15.00 gold
filled watch pay the express agent *3.75 and it is yours. Mention 1 1 you want
Gents or Ladies site. M.C. FARBER, CSS. 225 liearbornSt.,CHlCAGO
‘ cured; quick relief; re
-11 If II W moves all swelling In 8
UIWJT aJ 1 to 20 days; 30 to 60
days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to suf
ferers; nothing fairer. For circular, testi
monials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
E
A HANDSOME PAIR OF
■ggpjrsMgp?
DON’T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide
spectacle-wearers in the next few
weeks —on condition that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere,
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat goqmoy) Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 318 St. Louis, Mo.
NOTE:—The above is the largest Mail Order Spectacle
House in the world, and perfectly reliable.
Jeffersonian
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
In any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
Invest Your Savings
If you have Ten Dollars,
Don’t let it lie idle.
Invest it in a Jeffersonian Bond,
Where it will draw Seven per cent.
Put some money aside for the kids,
Or a little for a rainy day.
These bonds are absolutely safe,
And they pay a high rate of interest.
There is no better investment
In the country to-day
Than a Jeffersonian Bond.
WRITE FOR PARTICULARS
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
—janr-iinw" it i nr^TFT'niniWMiiiTminmnT Timmißßfflr r "irrnrir" 1 """'
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon... 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics ... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)
fraAMediaiir Sixteen Pages Weekly
SAMPLE FREE
On Trial 52 Weeks
V only 25 Cents
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOXIE MAGAZINE
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE In the world for 10
cents a year, to Introduce It ONLY.
It is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It Is full of flue
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 50
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back if not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut thia out. Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. «J., Birmingham, Ala.
PAGE FIFTEEN