pretense that such a robbery of all the people
would increase the size of our Merchant Ma
rine.
Inasmuch as we ourselves now have 26,000
sailing vessels and ocean-going steamers,
while the whole world, outside of the United
States, has between 75,000 and 100,000 of
such vessels, you can see at once that three or
four millions of dollars, stolen from our
Treasury for the benefit of several ship-own
ers, would not add another vessel to our mer
cantile fleet, nor affect, in the slightest de
gree, the status of marine commerce.
Such a steal would benefit nobody, save the
handful of rascals who are after the money.
Cotton Exchanges
Dear Editor:—Should Congress abolish the
Cotton Exchanges, what effect do you think this
will have on the cotton market? What standard
would we have for the cotton market? Would
the factories not combine and fix the price to suit
themselves? Respectfully,
W. D. WISDOM.
Chipley Georgia, Rt. 2.
ANSWER.
So far as I know, gambling in farm pro
duce is confined to this country. There is
none of it in England or Continental Europe.
Therefore, you can see that, as Liverpool
registers the price for the whole world, the
suppression of cotton-futures gambling would
have no permanent effect on the price of spot
cotton.
There was none of this Exchange business
before the War. Considering that a dollar
then had four or five times as much purchas
ing power as it now has, you can see that the
farmers were immensely better off without
the Exchanges.
I cannot see how the factories could com
bine more easily without the Exchanges than
with them.
Still, as cotton was above 15 cents, and a
big bull movement had started, it may have
been a tactical blunder to open the war on
the Exchanges at that particular time.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
Senator Beveridge has introduced two bills
that should be made law at once, for such
law would help put a stop to big corporations
stealing our rich mineral lands in Alaska.
The Beveridge for the with
drawal of all coal lands in Alaska, made by
act of Congress, in 1896, and further provides
that all coal deposits shall be reserved by the
United States and shall no longer pass into
private hands. They also empower the Gov
ernment to lease the lands, receiving payment
in royalties on the minerals taken therefrom.
According to expert estimates and surveys
the coal deposits in Alaska amount to more
than 15,000,000,000 tons, —worth billions of
dollars.
For years it has been the custom of the big
syndicates and corporations to steal these val
uable public lands whenever they were to be
thrown open for entry by employing a set of
dummy individuals to claim the lands for the
syndicates.
When the dummy individual had made his
payment for the land conformed to other re
quirements he was given clear title to the
same. After the individual’s title to the land
was settled, the individual then deeded the
property to the syndicate.
When the syndicate wanted vast tracts of
this valuable land they simply hired a num
ber of individuals and went through the same
process.
It is simply the Trusts’ old game of whip
ping the Devil around the stump.
But the Beveridge bills are aimed to stop
sucn steals, and that is the reason they should
become law 7 .
Instead of giving the rich syndicates the
3affersontan
people’s valuable mineral lands, let them be
worked as Government property and let the
Government receive some of the value of the
minerals.
Only a few days ago one of the agents for
the rich J. P. Morgan-Guggenheim syndicate
testified that that syndicate’s coal lands in
Alaska were worth $900,000,000 gross, or
$200,000,000 net. Net, of course, meaning the
value of the coal on the market after all the
expenses of getting it there are paid.
Why should we be giving rich syndicates
like the Morgan-Guggenheim syndicate bil
lions of dollars that belong to the people?
* * * *
The practice of allowing the rich syndicates
to grab the valuable public lands as what
brought on the present Ballinger-Pinchot in
vestigation.
The authorities at Washington had been
winking at the manner in which the syndi
cates had secured their holdings until Pinchot
adversely reported on some of their claims,
and then the heads of the syndicates got mad
and demanded Pinchot’s scalp.
Ballinger, Secretary of the Interior, who
had been the attorney for the syndicates in
their crooked deals, readily granted the syn
dicates’ demands by kicking an honest man
out of office.
Ballinger happened to make the now com
mon mistake of kicking the wrong man, as
he is finding out, much to his regret.
So far as the investigation has gone, it has
been an eye-opener to many, and it will have
a lot to do with opening the people’s eyes as
to how they are being robbed.
Not only has Ballinger been proved unfit
for the office he now holds, but he has proven
to be hand in hand with the syndicates as well
as making false and dishonest statements in
connection with these land deals.
And w 7 hat is more, the trail of dishonesty
or ignorance does not miss an entrance into
the White House so very far.
* * * *
A Grand Jury sitting in Jersey City, New
Jersey, has found indictments against the di
rectors of the National Packing Company
(the Beef Trust), as individuals, for con
spiracy for keeping foodstuffs in cold storage
with the purpose of raising the price.
Ordinarily an indictment by a State court
against a big corporation amounts to little,
just as the usual indictment by the Federal
Grand Jury of a Trust is looked upon by the
Trust as only a joke and a little exercise for
their high-priced lawyers.
But there is a chance of this indictment be
ing different from the usual indictment.
The directors of the National Packing
Company happen to be directors of the New
Jersey corporation which does the New Jer
sey end of the Trust’s business, and in that
way the New Jersey law may catch some of
the Trust officials as individuals.
These directors of the New Jersey corpora
tion are certainly amenable to the laws under
which their corporation is chartered, and it
is hard to see how they can escape trial on
the merits of the case.
If New Jersev does happen to bag the big
game, we owe Prosecutor Garven our thanks,
for, next to repealing the tariff, the most ef
fective way to “bust” a Trust is to put big
Trust officials in prison.
*
Just about this season of each election year
there seems to be an epidemic of indictments
found against the different Trusts, and just
as regularly as the elections are over the in
dictments die a quiet death by being stuck
away in a pigeonhole of some prosecuting
attorney’s desk.
New Jersey is after the Beef Trust and its
cold storage companies, New 7 York is “hound
ing” the Beef Trust and the Egg Trust, while
the Government is after the Beef Trust and
the merger of the Union Pacific and the
Southern Pacific Railways.
It is a good scheme to catch the voter's eye
and divert his attention until after election,
and that’s about all it is good for.
How many Trusts have been “busted’’ by
prosecution, or how many mergers of com
peting corporations have been dissolved?
The truth is that prosecution is not the
way to get at the Trusts. If you dissolve one
today, what is to prevent the forming of an
other one just as powerful tomorrow?
While the Grand Juries are grinding out
indictments the Trusts are doing business
just the same way, and if you stop them today
they will be doing the same thing again to
morrow.
No, you must not hope to put an end to
the Trust evil until you make a radical
change in our tariff laws.
Remove the tariff on steel and you can af
ford to buy tools to work with. Remove the
duty on wool and you may wear warm clothes
when the weather is freezng. Remove the
duty on leather and it will be your fault if
you go barefooted.
Remove the tariff on foodstuffs and you
may know 7 what the much talked of full din
ner pail is.
But until you realize that the tariff must
first be removed, and until you let your rep
resentative at Washington know that you
realize it, there is no hope for you.
Indictments against the Trusts may be
found by the score, but until you remove the
tariff you will still have the evil without the
remedy.
* * * *
During a debate in the Senate the other day
Senator Aldrich said, “If I were a business
man and were given permission to manage
the affairs of the Government I would run
them for $300,000,000 a year less than it is
now costing.”
No doubt Aldrich’s statement is correct.
Any good business man could run the Gov
ernment at a much less cost than it is now
costing us.
What could be saved in the Postoffice De
partment, added to what could be saved in
the War and Navy Departments, would prob
ably amount to more than $300,000,000 per
year, but who w 7 ants any more of Aldrich
even at a saving of $1,000,000,000 a year?
Aldrich’s record on tariff “reform'' is too
keenly felt for the people to want anything
else that bears the Aldrich stamp.
The Aldrich tariff and other Trust legis
lation already makes us stagger under the
load without the added burden of corpora
tion “business methods” in running the af
fairs of the Government.
We all know 7 that the political administra
tion is wasteful, but we prefer the political to
one of Aldrich “business methods”.
sfe
Pennsylvania seems to be having her share
of trouble just at this time.
In Philadelphia the employees of the street
car lines have struck, and the strike is likely
to extend to all Union labor in the city.
At South Bethlehem 10.000 employees of
the Steel Trust have quit wmrk and the fight
promises to be long drawn and bitter.
Several have lost their lives at Philadel
phia, while scores have been injured and
business seriously crippled.
It is reported that Schwab and the Steel
Trust hope to win the South Bethlehem strike
by getting the Government to lend its aid in
protecting the strike-breakers to complete
contracts which the Bethlehem plant has un
der construction for the Government.
Schwab has already stated his position by
saying. “There is no telling how long the
plant will be closed. It may be open Mon
day: it may be shut two years. I have given
the men an opportunity to earn their bread
and they do not seem to want it. I guess
they will need it sooner than I will.”
In other words, Schwab says he has made
PAGE SEVENTEEN