PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
W. J. Bryan Appointed U. 8. Senator.
Jacksonville, Fla., Dec. 25. —Gov. Broward
today appointed William James Bryan, of
this city, to the United States Senate, vice
Stephen R. Mallory, deceased, for the balance
of the time expiring March 4, 1909.
Mr. Bryan is a prominent young attorney,
only thirty-one years of age, and now holds
the position of county solicitor for this, Du
val, county. He was born in Orange county,
Fla., October 10, 1876. He is the son of
John M. Bryan, who served fourteen years
as State Senator, and afterward as a mem
ber of the State Railroad Commission. Three
years later he began to practice law in Jack
sonville. He has always been in active poli
tics, and is at present a member of the Dem
ocratic State Executive Committee, of which
Duncan U. Fletcher is chairman.
About two months ago Mr. Bryan an
aeuneed his candidacy for the United States
Senatorship to succeed Senator Mallory.—•
Louisville Herald.
Wild Turkeys and Horseback Ride for Roose
velt.
Washington, Dee. 26. —President Roosevelt
and his family left Washington at 11:10
o’clock today for Pine Knot, Va., the country
home of Mrs. Roosevelt, where they will re
main until Monday afternoon next.
The trip was made in the special car Twi
light attached to the regular train on the
Southern Railway. The nearest station to
Pine Knot is North Garden, a few miles be
low Charlottesville, which will be reached
about 2:30 o’clock this afternoon. The drive
of ten miles will tehn take the party to the
homestead at Pine Knot. Miss Carew, sister
of Mrs. Roosevelt, accompanied the party.
The personnel of the party includes the
President, Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Ethel, Archie
and Quentin, and Miss Carew.
Clerk J. L. McGrew accompanied the Pres
ident in place of one of the assistant secre
taries and will make daily trips to Pine Knot
from Charlottesville. In this way the Pres
ident will be put in possession of important
messages and mail.
Cross country riding and wild turkey shoot
ing are the President’s favorite pastimes at
Pine Knot. —Birmingham News.
Race Riot is Now Imminent Near Guthrie.
Guthrie, Okla., Dec. 27. —Governor Haskell
states he has received most disquieting reports
from Henrietta and that two companies of
national guards are being held in readiness
to move to that town at any moment. He is
awaiting a telegraphic request from the may
or for help, which a telephone communica
tion leads him to believe will come at once.
Military companies at Chandler and Oklahoma
City are in readiness to move. Armed guards
are patrolling Henrietta streets and couriers
and officers are out endeavoring to locate an
armed body of negroes who were last report
ed four miles from the town. .The governor
expects to remain in his office most of the.
night so that he may be in touch with the
situation. —Constitution.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Offered to Make Bryan a Senator.
(By Hearst News Service.)
Guthrie, Okla., Dec. 26.—Thomas H. Doyle,
of Perry, recent aspirant for the Oklahoma
Democratic gubernatorial nomination, said in
an interview here today:
‘‘One of the unwritten stories of Oklahoma
politics is that William J. Bryan was invited,
and for a time seriously considered, moving
to Oklahoma to lead the fight for statehood,
with the assurance his reward would be elec
tion as one of Oklahoma’s first United States
senators. This offer was made to him in 1902
by me as spokesman of the Democratic work
ers’ conference, which was convinced that the
only chance for statehood in a generation was
by securing a leader of national prominence.
“Mr. Bryan, when I joined him at a train
going through Oklahoma, said he would much
rather be Senator from a great state than
President. He promised to consider the prop
osition. Several days later, on his return, he
told me that he had his newspaper and other
interests in Lincoln, and he did not see how
he could afford to take the step.”—Richmond
Journal.
“Prexy” Receives Lonesome Students.
He was a very disconsolate looking fresh
man as he sat deep in thought before a flick
ering grate fire in his room in College Home
at Harvard last evening. It was his fii’st
Christmas away from home and he had a
haunting vision of a fireside circle in far-off
California, In Cambridge things were dull
and stupid, most of the fellows were away,
and those who remained were in about the
same condition of the blues as he was.
Suddenly there came a knock at his door
and he was quick to shout a cheery “Come
in!” Asenior whom he knew slightly en
tered with a “Hello, old man. Aren’t you
coming over to Brooks House to prexy’s re
ception? Greatest fun of the year, you know.
Hurry up. I’ll wait for you.”
The freshman couldn’t see much fun in it,
but then he would have been glad to do most
anything, so he was shortly on his way with
his senior friend. Over 300 other fellows
were before them at the recption and Phil
lips Brooks House was jammed to the doors.
The annual reception of President and Mrs.
Eliot has long come to be looked upon as the
greatest social function of the holidays at
Harvard and there was scarcely a student
spending Christmas in Cambridge who didn’t
attend last night.
Prof. Charles Eliot Norton followed his an
nual custom of receiving at his home, Shady
Hill, and of reading the story of the birth of
Christ as recounted in the Bible, following
which President Elliot spoke a few words of
welcome and the college choir sang a number
of selections. —Boston Herald.
The Philippine Tariff Bill to Come Up Again.
Washington.—The Philippine tariff bill will
be the subject of a great deal of attention in
congress after the holiday recess. Last ses
sion the bill, which had passed the house the
first session of the fifty-ninth congress, was in
the senate, in charge of Senator Lodge. It
was referred to the Philippine committee,
where all efforts to get a favorable report
on it failed. This year the bill has been in
troduced in the house. It is in substantially
the same terms as before, and is intended to
admit to the United States free of duty all
articles raised in the Philippines except sugar,
tobacco and rice, on which a duty of 25 per
cent .ad valorem is specified.
Hearings will be begun in the house ways
and means committee on this bill after the re
cess. As before, sugar, rice and tobacco inter
ests will oppose the proposed legislation
strongly. On the other hand, Secretary Taft,
who has just returned from the Philippines,
will use his utmost effort to get the bill
passed.
He has come back from the islands more
impressed than ever with the need of pro
viding the Philippines a market in this coun
try, and more earnest than ever in the belief
that it is the duty of the United States to
take steps for the betterment of the business
of he insular possessions.
It i not unlikely the fate of the Philippine
tariff bill will depend in some degree on the
progress which Secretary Taft makes as a
candidate for president. As an aspirant for
the white house without chanee of success, he
would be given but scant consideration in con
gress, but now that he is looming up as prob
ably the strongest man in the presidential race,
his efforts will, in all likelihood, have great
weight with a large republican element in both
houses. —Augusta Herald.
Industrial Development.
Chattanooga, Tenn., Dee. 27.—The Trades
man gives the following industrial summary
for the year 1907:
“During the year 1907 the industrial de
velopment of the South has been subjected
to more untoward conditions, calculated to
retard and discourage investments in indus
trial enterprises, perhaps than has hitherto
fore existed since the reconstruction era and
yet the record shows an advance over all
others in its history. There has been more
or less political agitation and legislation aimed
at corporations and railroads in practically
all of the Southern States, that caused the
suspension of a great deal of railway construc
tion work which would have distributed hun
dreds of millions of dollars in addition to
what was actually paid by these corporations
for that class of improvements in the South
and still the pace that had been set for South
ern industrial development was maintained
throughout the year, breaking all previous rec
ords.
“And then the closing quarter was sub
jected to a financial panic that tied up finan
ces and caused such apprehension in indus
trial circles as would naturally be expected
to create a lessening of investments in that
field, and , yet even that quarter showed a
slight gain aver the corresponding quarter of