PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY .
7HOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Kntfnd at Ptsttjfsct, Atlanta, da., January 11, IQO7, os stctnd
(last mail mattsr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, May 21, 1908
The Nefarious Scheme of Hoke
Smith ’s Committee to 'Rob
the Country Counties,
May 21, 1908.
Mr. E. S. Fuller, Fitzgerald, Ga.
Dear Mr. Fuller: It is convincing proof
of the distress of the Hoke Smith Man
agers that they are endeavoring to stem
the tide of defection from him by re
printing what I wrote of him in the early
part of the month of August, 1907. They
might just as well print what I said dur
ing the campaign of 1906.
At the time those words of praise were
penned I was still in the belief that Hoke
Smith had done his level best to club the
refractory legislature into adopting those
measures which would have carried out
his pledges to the people. It was my
understanding that he was to go right on
making reform speeches, attacking in
their own territory those members of
the legislature who had voted against his
reforms, and then after public sentiment
had been focused upon these matters,
summon the legislature into extra session,
mapping out in his call for this extra ses
sion the work which it was expected to
do. No one could have anticipated, at
that time, things which have happened
since. No one could have dreamed that
Hoke Smith would reverse himself on the
question of the early primary and exoner
ate, from all criticism, the legislature
which had buried his bills.
At that time, the plank in the Macon
platform upon which the Committee has
based the new rule about which so much
is being said, had not attracted my atten
tion. It was not until two weeks ago
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that the secret purpose of that plank in
the Macon platform dawned upon my
mind. I now realize that the ally with
whom I had fought, and who had reaped
all the benefit of the alliance and whose
hands I was holding up by the editorial
to which you refer, had already prepared
the dagger which was to be driven into
my back. There had been no clamor
against the old rule of nominating by
conventions, there had been no public
agitation against the constitutional appor
tionment of representation from the coun
ties. Not a word had Hoke Smith said
in his campaign speeches upon that sub
ject; absolutely no debate had been had
on the question.
Then why did Hoke Smith, Boykin
I
Wright, Lawton Miller, and other city
politicians, slip that plank into the Ma
con platform, which revolutionizes our
political system and deprives one hun
dred and thirty-odd counties of their
constitutional rights? There must have
been a purpose in it; the thing did not
happen by accident; it was the result of
design. What was that design? My de
liberate opinion, after the coolest reflec
tion, is that Hoke Smith, being jealous of
me politically, and attributing to me the
ambition to go to the Senate from Geor
gia, deliberately devised this scheme for
the purpose of preventing the country
counties from having the full weight of
their influence in elections. He knew
that my following was mainly composed
of country people, and that when he prac
tically disfranchised the country counties,
he was putting the knife to me. There
fore, my friend, at the very time when I,
unsuspicious and generous, was writing
those lines which went into the August
number of the Jeffersonian Magazine, and
which are now being rolled under the
tongues of the Hoke Smith Managers as
sweet morsels—my ally, suspicious and
ungenerous, had treacherously armed
himself with a dagger to strike me down
should I ever venture to ask the people
of Georgia to honor me with political pre
ferment.
Hoke Smith had 'seen how Boykin
Wright, by stuffing the ballot boxes in
the City of Augusta, had created a fraud
ulent majority there which outweighed
the legal majorities which were given to
me in the nine country counties which I
constantly carried. By the use of re
peaters and by fraudulent registering of
voters, the city of Augusta three times
nullified the will of the overwhelming ma
jority of the legal votes of the Tenth Dis
trict. Such a lesson as this was not lost
upon crafty, selfish, far-seeing politicians.
In the election of Hoke Smith, the Pop
ulists of this State contributed at least
75 per cent, of the vote. With his elec
tion, Populism was triumphant. While
personally gratifying to him, this result
brought about a situation which he sus
pected of being full of danger. Conse
quently, he simply put into the Macon
platform that new rule which will allow
him to do, in State elections, what Boy
kin Wright had done in the Congressional
elections of the Tenth District.
See how dangerous this new rule is!
How long will it be before the city of
Augusta will again disfranchise the nine
country counties of the Tenth District,
and throw Mr. Hardwick out of Con
gress? How long will it be before un
scrupulous ringsters in Savannah will use
the stuffed ballot box to disfranchise the
country counties of the First District?
How long will it be before the Macon man
will perpetuate himself in office in Ma
con’s Congressional District? With this
new rule enforced, the Atlanta man will
always win in the Atlanta district; the
Gainesville man will always win in the
Gainesville district; the Rome man in the
Rome district; the Brunswick man in the
Brunswick district.
Let me assure you, my friend, that had
this plank in the Macon platform been
called to my attention and I had been
given the slightest inkling of its meaning
and its possibilities for harm, I would
have put my right hand in the fire before
I would have written those lines com
mendatory of Governor Smith. From my
heart of hearts with all the earnestness
of my nature, I declare that I consider
that this new rule which Hoke Smith’s
Committee has put upon us, to be one of
a most nefarious scheme to rob the coun
try people of their constitutional rights.
--!■ . '
Very truly yoiifs,
• , THOS. E. WATSON.
Jt -S’- * » ,