MONETARY LEAGUE MEMBERS
SCORES PROFIT ON COINAGE.
Denver, Col.—At the instance of
the secretary of the United States
Monetary, League, Li E. Perkins, a
member of that organization here, has
submitted what he conceives to be
some of the more cogent reasons for
the existence of that body.
Speaking of the recent report of
the director of 'the United States
mint, to the effect that I ‘the govern
ment made, during the year ending
June 30, 1908, a profit of $10,541,371,
which represents the difference be
tween the price paid for the metals
and their coniage value,” Mr. Perkins
says: ,
“He appears to consider this trans
action an evidence of the business
acumen and sagacity of the govern
ment. But he oug'ht to know that
with the privilege of coinage restored
as it existed ‘before 1873 there can be
no difference between the price paid
for the metals and their coinage value,
for then the coinage value would, of
course, immediately become the com
mercial value in every market on
earth, and there could be no profit to
the government.
“The act of 1873 demonetizing sil
ver we of the United States Monetary
League believe to be unconstitutional,
and that it would have been so pro
nounced by the supreme court of the
United States if it could have been
brought before it. Evidently the ben
eficiaries of the act thought so, too,
else, why did they prevent a decision
by placing every possible obstacle in
the way of getting the. question before
the court and finally defeat it alto
gether so that it has never yet been
adjudicated.
“To test the question in your mind,
imagine a successful effort to be made
at this time to demonetize gold! How
long do you think It would take for
nine judges to decide the act uncon
adjudicated ?
“The change from bimetallism to
gold monometallism cost the producers
of the United States thousands of mil
lions of dollars.
“To understand’this go back, say,
to 1876, when the effect of the then
recent act demonetizing silver first be-
OUR POST CARD CLUB.
Luther Wilson, luka, 111.
Oscar V. Hartsfield, Tallahassee,
Ela. / •
Maggie Harris, Prescott, Ark.
Gladys and Eva Lanier, Orvisburg,
Miss.
Ina Rose, Windsor, 111.
Stella Jones, Marietta, Ga.
Eva Brewster, Choudrant, La.
Clara White, Rose Hill, Miss.
Altie Roberson, Sardis, Tenn.
Tennie Opel Scott, Niangua, Mo.
Lizzie Ivey, Sprott, Ala.
Stella Goolsby, Bremen, Ga.
Annie Spence, Carrollton, Ga.
Now, children, you have one more
week in which to earn the knife and
the gold pin. Remember, you must
say how old you are and whether you
are boy or girl, but you can say that
in a postscript at the end of the let
ter, without counting the words. You
must also send one subscription to the
paper, if it’s only 25 cents, because
it costs money to run this page and
handle hundreds of letters each week
and give prizes for the best. So you
must send us all the subscriptions you
can.
gan to attract the attention of the
country. The writer, who was a grain
buyer for an eastern exporter, paid
the village elevators in the West $1.25
to $1.40 per bushel for wheat. In 20
years the price of wheat had “de
clined” to 50 cents per bushel. What
does that signify? Supply and de-
And does not this inexorable
law govern the value of gold precisely
as it does that of every commodity on
earth ?
“It signifies incontrovertibly that
the value of gold, by reason of the
elimination of silver as money, had
more than doubled during that period.
So also had the value of dur debts to
European and Wall street creditors,
for it took twice as many bushels of
wheat and double the quantity of
every product of American industry
to pay the interest thereon.”—Chris
tian Science Monitor.
Gold Spectacles Free
Write and Get a Handsome
10-karat Pair Os The
llpmajJJrX
\ n 'I /
Not Only For Trial —But to Keep Forever,
DON’T SEND ME A CENT
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred - thousand pairs of the Dr, Haux
famous ‘’Perfect Vision” Spectacles to genu
ine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers in the next
few weeks —on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on
your own eyes, read and sew with them
and put them to any test you like in your
own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely
and positively convinced that they are
really and truly the softest, clearest and
best-fitting glasses you have ever had on
your eyes, you can keep them forever
without a cent of pay, and
Just Do Me A Good Turn
by showing them around to your neighbors
sand friends and speak a good word for
them everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won’t you help me introduce the won
derful Dr, Haux ** Perfect Vision” Spec
tacles in your locality on this easy,
simple condition?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want
to do me this favor, write me at once and
lust say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your
Perfect Home Eye Tester, absolutely free
of charge, also full particulars of your
handsome 10-karat ROMSSPU) Spectacle Offer,”
and address me personally and I will
give your letter my own personal atten
tion. Address: DR. HAUX, (Personal),
Haux Building, St. Louis, Mo.
NOTE:—The above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world, and is perfectly reliah’-
LEARN VETLRINARY DENTISTRY
and a ytttr ' teach you at home in
make three months of your spare time
t>y illustrated lectures and grant diploma with degree.
Particulars Free. Detroit Veterinary Dental
Colleses Detroit. Mich.
c£TaX. | THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
SSffS: Tzys: yleM ‘.^;. gK4 i CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped c. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants.
Prices F. O. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
\ prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. —__ «, DCAU ®r* •
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. **• GIBSUN, BOX Young S Island, 9. C. /
3effersontan
Fife to You-My Sister Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
’ lam a woman.
‘ x I know woman’s sufferings.
I have Hound the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my teas irtab
men! with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman’s ailments. I want to tell all women about
tills cure—you, my reader, for yourself, your
\ daughter, your mother, or your sister. I want to
: you to cure yourselves at home with-
1 ou t the help of a doctor. Men cannot understand
'4 ’’• ■ • 1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
K 1 • I P ,rl,nce . we know better than any doctor. 1
r \ I know tlj at m s r home treatment Is safe and sure
| cur ® ,or Ltocorrhaea or Whitish diochargao, Wcoratlou, Dls-
placeman! or Falling of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Palatal
% Periods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also paha la
' ' b,ck and bearing down feelings, nonooeotto.
creeping feeling up the epine, melancholy, oosire to cry, hot
V A flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles where caused
W.. ' weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
1 want to send you a complete ton day'e treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at nome, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, It will coot you nothing to
give the treatment a complete trial: and if you
wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just eend me your name and address, tell me how you
suffer if you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
per, by return mail. I will also send you free of cost, my book—"WOMAH’S OWI MEDICAL ADVISER” with
explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. E very woman should have it, and learn to think for hsrself. Then when the doctor says—
You must have an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
themselves with my home remedy. It cures all old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness tund
Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always results from
its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Homs Treatment really curesail women’s diseases, and makes women well
strong, plump and robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yoffka, alto
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. summers, Box 432 • > South Bend, Ind., U.S.A.
No Land So Rich That Fertilizer
Cannot Make It Better
You use fertilizers for the profit you get out of them—and the
better the land the more profitably a good fertilizer can be used on it.
Do not imagine because land will produce a fair crop without
Virginia- Carolina
Fertilizers
that these fertilizers cannot be profitably used on it, or that they were
made only for land too poor to produce without them. If poor land
will show a normal increase when fertilizer is used, good land will
show at least double the increase. Use Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers
to increase the quality, as well as the quantity of the crop—and you
will increase the profits from your land.
“I have been using your fertilizers for a number of years” says
Mr. William Fraiser, of Glasburg, La.,“ andfind that it not only flays
to fertilize, but to do plenty of it, and use the best fertilizers to be
had,stich as your brands. I have used a number of them and found
them to be as recommended and to give better results than any other
fertilizers that I have ever used.”
Every planter and farmer should have a copy of the new 1909
Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year-Book. Get a free copy from your
fertilizer dealer, or write our nearest sales office.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond. Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
Columbia, S. C. fl 1l ifl 3 J Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. C<x Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO.. 249 Washington St.. Springfield. Ohio.
PAGE FIFTEEN