PAGE SIX
The Currency Discussed and Analyzed
Sy W. H. DOHERTY, in "The Banker and Inbestor Magazine"
The financial disturbance through which the
country is passing, is one of those object les
sons which is thrust upon a long-suffering peo
ple, who persist in tolerating a financial sys
tem which has long since grown obsolete. The
campaigns of 1896 and 1900 established the
gold standard, and when this was accom
plished w r e were assured by the financiers that
we would now have smooth sailing, and that
clouds would no more darken the financial
horizon. “Alas, poor Yorick,” scarcely a
dozen years have passed, and the country is
again convulsed with one of the worst panics
in its history. Like Banquo’s ghost, the ques
tion comes up again and again, and will not
down at our bidding. The last panic coming
at a time of universal prosperity, when record
crops had been harvested, when no wars or in
vasions w’ere threatened, had so little cause
for its appearance that men everywhere are in
quiring about the causes that could produce
such a cataclysm in a time of such general
and unabated prosperity.
Manufacturers and business men who have
made and disposed of such a vast volume of
goods in the last few years that figures are
overwhelming, are showing an unusual inter
est in this question of finance, and of periodi
cal and ever-recurring panics.
In times of prosperity, they furnish the
banker with the sinews of war, and when the
panic comes their mills are closed. Natural
ly they have a grievance, and they want to
see some method adopted by which they can
be safely guarded from such calamities in the
future.
The Aldrich bill has now been discussed in
Congress about two months. Some very emi
nent financiers consider it a good measure;
others equally as prominent consider it a
makeshift, while others say an emergency cur
rency is not necessary. Now, “who shall de
cide when doctors disagree?” If financial ex
perts who have made finance a lifelong study
evolve such dramatically opposite bills like
those of Aldrich and Fowler, how is the lay
man to come to an adequate understanding of
the subject? There is but one way—let us
appeal “to the law and to the testimony,”
and see upon what foundation our present
system of finance rests. In the first place,
the power to issue money is, according to the
constitution, purely a governmental function,
and should not be relegated to private individ
uals. National banks, which under certain re
strictions, are nevertheless private institutions,
run like any other business for profit, and the
•circulating medium which the people are com
pelled to use should not be subject to the
manipulation of any private concern, no mat
ter how meritorious or well established such
an institution may be. They possess a dan
gerous power of withdrawing loans or con
tracting the volume of currency in circulation,
thus precipitating a panic whenever by con
certed action the larger and most influential
banks desire to do so, The country banks are
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
practically at the mercy of the larger ones,
and during the recent panic it was impossible
for them to get their deposits from the New
York banks at a time when these funds were
greatly needed. Not only should the govern
ment, and that alone, issue currency, but when
so issued it should not be based upon gov
ernment bonds. The government bond is an
evidence of debt, and they are simply certifi
cates of indebtedness. What w’ould the finan
ciers think of an individual who, after he
had accumulated a large and varied assort
ment of debts, would proceed to issue bonds
upon them? The government bond is accept
ed because of the taxing power of the nation
to pay them. What more would we have to
do if, instead of a bonded currency, we ac
cepted a United States treasury note based
upon all the resources and taxable wealth of
the country? If our present system of bond
secured circulation is to continue, it means
that the nation will have to remain perpetually
in debt. A non-interest bearing currency as
represented by the United States treasury
note, is the most commendable medium of ex
change, but even this has a serious defect. On
the face of it, you will find this exception:
“This note is legal tender for all debts, pub
lic and private, except duties on imports and
interest on the public debt. ’ ’ After the gov
ernment has issued the note it immediately
proceeds to discredit it by placing these limi
tations upon it. An ideal currency would cer
tainly not have such a defect as this. These
exceptions are placed there in order to secure
the payment of the obligations mentioned in
gold. Practically all the great nations of the
world are today upon a gold basis, and those
that are not are being forced there by the
creditor nations "who hold their obligations.
The national debts of Great Britain, nearly
all the Continental nations and also of the
United States are payable in gold.
Not only are the national obligations pay
able in gold, but all the currency is redeema
ble in the same metal. The silver dollars can
be taken to the treasurer of the United States
and gold demanded for them. This would not
be such a serious matter if there would be
enough gold to go around, but unfortunately
there is not. There is no way of increasing
the supply except by the uncertain method
of mining or by taking it from some other
nation that needs it more than we do. There
is a Scripture text about a man who by tak
ing thought could add one cubit to his stature.
That would be an easy task in comparison
with that of the modern financier who tries
to find enough gold for the innumerable obli
gations that are resting on it. All the nations
are grasping the precious metal and holding
it in their vaults as a reserve. The United
States has about a billion. Russia about nine
hundred millions. Germany and France have
a little less, and upon this fragile foundation
is floated the bonded indebtedness of all these
nations, togetfeftf with their currency, aqd SJJ
the securities of which the principal and in
terest are payable in gold. It is doubtful
whether there is one gold dollar back of a
thousand or even SIO,OOO worth of these secu
rities. This is a system of finance to make
the Populist green with envy, for in all his
dreams of fiat money he would never have
evolved a system like this. By maintaining a
high protective tariff and making the duties
payable in gold we have at the present time
largely increased our gold reserve, but the
spirit of unrest is abroad. The shoe manu
facturers of New England want the tariff
taken from the hides and the newspapers
want free pulp. The people are demanding
that all manufactured goods that are sold
cheaper abroad than at home shall have the
duty taken from them. The opponents of
Standard Oil want free petroleum, so as to
break up the Oil Trust. When all these reduc
tions have been made there will be a decided
shrinkage in the gold coming in as tariff du
ties. The gold reserve will grow less and as
its proportions begin to shrink the banker
gets cautious. He strengthens his reserves
and calls in his loans. We begin to hear
something about a lack of confidence in busi
ness and in banking circles. The gold reserve
continues to ‘go down, finally it reaches the
danger point, the government issues bonds and
hurries them to Wall street. They buy them
at a discount and the country is saved. With
these facts a matter of recent history is it
not time that we have a. basis for our currency
that is more stable, that will not be augmented
or diminished when the Bank of England
raises or lowers its discount, and that is not
disturbed by the fluctuations of a tariff or the
uncertainties of mining? A currency issued
by the general government in proportion to its
wealth and based upon its multiplied and in
exhaustible resources, would solve all our
financial difficulties. Such a currency could
only depreciate when the nation was disrupt
ed or destroyed.
The apotheosis of gold is largely responsible
for all the misery and the degradation that we
see today. The masses of England and Ger
many where gold standard has been longer in
operation are ground down into the lowest
depths of poverty. What it has done for them
it is beginning to do for us, for gradually the
prosperous middle class are disappearing and
the extremes of great poverty and great wealth
are becoming more and more apparent.
The gold standard tends to make money
scarce, and to take it out of the hands of the
people. I mean real money. We don’t handle
money when we have silver certificates or na
tional bank notes in our possession. Gold is
the only real money under our present sys
tem; the others are merely promises to pay
real money. Outside of the banks, how many
of us ever handle gold? As long as we have
such a financial system it will be possible to
make money scarce, to hoard it in vaults
where it is of no earthly use to anyone in*