PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta. Ga.. January 11. 1907. as second c.ass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Jan. 20, 1910
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Just a Few More of John’s Lies
Take up your Jeffersonian, of last week,
and turn to page eight, middle column. Run
your eye down the'column, until you reach
'"Dear Brother". Then skip to paragraph op
posite which stands the numeral (1).
I told you that there were, in that para
graph, seven falsehoods. Here they are:
First: Bro. Lee’s statement that the Union
papers and minutes of the Texas Convention
contain no reference to the Ship Subsidy
resolutions. They do.
Second: his statement that the Duckworth
speech was absolutely for the restoration of
the Merchant Marine. The speech was “an
enthusiastic” outcry in favor of those resolu
tions which were prepared by the Ship Sub
sidy thieves of Cleveland, Ohio. Their adop
tion, by the Galveston Convention, was hailed
with screams of delight by all the Ship Sub
sidy papers.
Third: his statement, that “the subsidized
press which has always been our enemy”, pub
lished the false report on Duckworth. It is
my duty and self-interest, as an editor and
publisher, to keep posted as to what the news
papers are doing and saying. I read twenty
papers, where John Lee reads one. Not only
that, I have the vigilant assistance of a regu
lar editorial staff, in keeping up with what is
going on. Now, listen to me, friends, —
t I have. never seen, in any paper or maga
zine, a single attack on the Farmers' 1 Union.
The press has been uniformly friendly and
encouraging to this agricultural organization.
The most that any editor has done, so far as I
know, has been to caution the Farmers’
Union leaders, occasionally, and warn them
of certain dangerous men and measures. The
Texas papers which are the stanch friends
of the Union published the story of Duck
worth’s speech. Some approved, and still ap
prove. Some disapproved, and marvelled—-
wondering what it all meant. The American
Flag, which is the organ of the Ship Subsidy
thieves, published an account of Duck’s “en
thusiastic speech”; and welcomed him, with
the glad, hand, into the camp of the Republi
can Hannacrat Ship Subsidy shouters.
Fourth: his statement that “the subsidized
press” made the false report on Duck and the
Galveston Convention, with the expectation
of “forcing the Farmers'* Union into politics,
by such action".
May the Good Lord have mercy on John
Lee’s poor soul I Who ever did read a sillier,
thinner, cheekier, stupider assertion than
that? How, in, the name of common sense,
could “the subsidized press" force the Union
into politics by telling a lie on Duck?
The thing is too absurd for further con
sideration : so I will mosey along to lie, num
bered,
Fifth: “No paper excepting the paper de-
Jeffersonian
siring to lead us into politics has paid any
attention whatever to the report.” Poor
John! he can’t even keep seven lies, in one
paragraph, lying straight. He first told you
that “the subsidized press” (many papers)
“expected to force the Farmers'* Union into
politics", by publishing “the error”: then, in
the very next breath, he tells you that just
one paper (The Jeffersonian was the one he
meant,) “paid any attention whatever to the
report”.
Men and brethren! I can prove, before any
tribunal, that the report of the action of that
Galveston Convention and of Duckworth’s
speech, were commented on in the papers, far
and wide; and that the paper was only one of
many to express its amazement.
Did not Charley Barrett read about it; and
did he not tell Duck that the speech was a
mistake? ♦
Sixth: his statement that the report was
shown to be “not so”. The efforts of Duck
and the Co-operator, (owned by an lowa Re
publican) failed completely; because the facts
all came out, proving the report to be true.
What are the Locals denouncing those Gal
veston resolutions for, if there were no such
resolutions passed? Why were the sponsors
of those Ship Subsidy resolutions afraid to
have them submitted to the Committee on
Resolutions?
Seventh: Lee’s statement that “the friends
of the Subsidy are the only ones who is very
much concerned”.
(Please excuse me for a minute: here’s
where I must throw a fit.)
Now, then, did you ever, “in all your born
days”, see a foolisher statement in print?
“The friends of the Subsidy?” Who are
they ? What have they done but brag on
Duck and the Galveston Convention?
I for one, have been “VERY much con
cerned”; and I guess even John Lee would
hesitate to accuse me of being one of “the
friends of the Ship Subsidy”. Certain Lo
cals, throughout the South, have been “very
much concerned”, about the action of the Gal
veston Convention. The tone of their denun
ciations, does not indicate that these Farmers’
Union men are among “the friends of the
Subsidy”.
Whew! Whew!! WHEW!!! Boys, if
John Lee’s prolific capacity for saying and
writing things that ain’t so, could be trans
muted into a new variety of cottonseed, a
bushel of ’em would be worth considerably
more than a share of capital stock in Lad
son’s Percheron studhorse.
(Here’s where I change cars.)
Ballinger-Pinchot, and the Presi
dent
. John Temple Graves, following the Repub
lican lead of his Chief, writes from Washing
ton that Pinchot is honest and patriotic, “but
unbalanced".
It took ’em a long time to find that out.
President Cleveland did not consider the
resolute, fearless foe of the land-grabbers
“unbalanced". President McKinley had the
greatest respect for the young millionaire
who. was consecrating his life to the preser
vation of the vast heritage of the American
people; when so many other young men of
wealth were madly given over to “pleasure”.
Instead of gambling at Monte Carlo and at
; or running after actresses and
figuring in divorce cases; or racing all over
the lands and seas in autos and yachts, with
gay parties of revellers, this noble young
American has been holding his ground
against marauding corporations and indi
viduals that were greedily and fraudulently
grabbing. timber-lands, coal-fields and water
power sites.
No: President McKinley did not think
Pinchot “unbalanced”.
Nor did Mr. Roosevelt so consider him.
It was reserved for the Guggenheim-Mor
gan-Harriman-Rockefeller administration to
make the discovery that the brave soldier,
who has been combatting the marauders, is
honest, and means well, but is partially crazy.
They are doubtless sincere in saying that
Pinchot is “unbalanced”. It is so extremely
seldom that the marauding corporations find
a public official who can neither be bribed,
duped nor intimidated, that it is natural for
them to consider such a man a crank, non
sane, unbalanced.
Pinchot’s last appeal to the public (his let
ter to Senator Dolliver) was mutinous, and
the President could not have done otherwise
than dismiss him; but Ballinger, 'Wicker
sham and Taft drove Pinchot to that act of
insubordination. ’
Last summer, Ballinger got the President
to stop eating, drinking and joy-riding long
enough to sign a statement, in favor of Bal
linger, in which the whole story of Ballinger’s
doings was falsified.
Then Wickersham (the Sugar Trust tool)
came out with his sweeping indorsement of
Ballinger and his savage denunciation of
Pinchot’s lieutenant, Glavis. Then came Bal
linger’s assaults on Pinchot, Glavis and
Pierce.
Is it any wonder that Pinchot refused to
keep silent, when President Taft was smiling
upon these ferocious attempts to break him
down?
Mr. Taft and his Cabinet made a situation
for the high-spirited Forester that was sim
ply unbearable. Apparently, these repeated
assaults upon Pinchot and his men were made
for the very purpose of driving him to des
peration.
Well, Taft lost his one unsuspected and uni
versally honored man, when he fired Pinchot.
The President has given the country an
other decided shock, similar to that which
was felt when he eulogized that cynical old
devil, Senator Aldrich.
Siding, as he does, with the decaying East
and with the old men of his party, how can
Mr. Taft expect to win, AGAINST THE
YOUNG MEN, AND AGAINST THE
BOUNDLESS, GROWING, AWAKEN
ING WEST?
Foreign Missionary Soft Snaps
In The Nugget, a weekly paper published
at Dahlonega, Georgia, appears a letter from
A. W. Cain, who is now travelling in the
Orient. Mr. Cain has been learning some
things which he did not know when he start
ed on his travels. Had he remained at home,
listening to nobody but the missionary, and
reading no other papers than such unfair,
one-sided and hide-bound sheets as The
Christian Index, and The Wesleyan Advo
cate, he never would have learned of the con
ditions which he describes in his letter to
The Nugget.
Here is that part of the letter which relates
to the lives of the foreign missionaries:
“I have become acquainted with a number of
missionaries since I have been in the Orient. I
am surprised to learn that the position of mis
sionary is not so extremely trying. I was former
ly led to believe that none save the most conse
crated heroes who had heard the ‘G. P. C? and
who dared not refuse for fear of the divine wrath
could ever go ‘beyond the reef’ to proclaim the
unsearchable riches. This is a great mistake. If
real conditions were known, many students of the
theological seminaries and many young preachers
with lean jobs would hear the call to go over to
the ‘heathen’. I know some Presbyterian mis
sionaries in Siam. They tell me that their Church
pays an unmarried man or woman $550 a year.
If he or she is married the salary is $l,lOO, and
the work is neither difficult nor dangerous. Ac
cording to the statements which some of the
American missionaries in China made to me, they
are receiving salaries which enable them to main
tain their homes in perfect comfort and with some
degree of luxury. I am a living witness to the
fact that the Methodist missionary here in this
province has an accomplished wife, lives in a
painted house, drives a nice rig, wears good