PAGE TWELVE
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
The Augusta Disaster.
The whole state of Georgia goes
out in sympathy to Augusta, which
has suffered grievous damage in the
flood last week. While the city it
self will speedily recover from the
freshet, there are many of the poorer
citizens who will feel for a long time
a keener privation than ever through
the loss of property or employment.
With the Solons.
The Convict Lease question is still
dragging along in the extra session
and it now looks as though the de
mand of the public that the system
be abolished/by April 1, 1908, if not
immediately, is going to be gently,
but effectively, sidestepped and some
measure passed which will do grad
ually what should be done now; and
salve as many wounded feelings as
possible.
Birmingham Strike Ended.
“The United Mine Workers of
America is a law-abiding institution.
It is a defender of law and order.
It believes in the maintenance of the
peace and tranquillity of every com
munity.
“Since the state authorities have
decided to end the strike there is
nothing for the United Mine Workers
to do but to bow in submission to the
mandates. Recognizing the futility of
continuing the strike under those cir
cumstances, we have decided to de
clare it off September 1, and take
this means of notifying you that the
strike is to be brought to an end
and you are advised to secure em
ployment.
“No one can regret more keenly
than ourselves this ending of the
strike in Alabama.
“The United Mine Workers, as an
organization will do now as it al
ways has done for its striking mem
bers —assist those in need, and help
those who cannot secure employment
to go elsewhere.”
This is signed by T. L. Lewis, pres
ident; John P. White, vice president;
W. D. Ryan, secretary-treasurer Unit
ed Mine Workers of America.
The above is a rebuke to those who
perpetually call a body of strikers
“lawless,” etc. While individuals
mav commit acts of violence during
a strike, as during any other time
# stress, it is the purpose of the
to abide by the law and not
conflict with State authorities.
Australia for Australians.
Our fleet, lately cruising in South
Pacific seas, brings back nothing so
plainly as the determination of the
white people of the Australian conti
nent to reserve their land for them
selves, free from race problems of
any hue. Long ago these people de
termined, seeing the disaster the ne
gro race had proven to America, to
have no blacks upon their shores.
Savage tribes they have upon their
own continent, it is true, but these do
not constitute a phase to be feared.
And now they are drawing an equally
close line around against the Chinese,
Japanese and other Mongolian tribes.
The Australians display commenda-
ble foresight in refusing* to compli
cate themselves at all. They are em
gaged in experiments in government
which cannot be carried on success
fully if they should be disturbed by
questions of racial supremacy. Per
haps no country in the world has
made more rapid advance along the
lines of modern statesmanship, and
what a well disciplined, English
speaking Caucasion people accom
plish in government ownership, equal
suffrage and other Twentieth century
ideas, will mean much for the success
or* defeat of such issues as they come
before other countries.
In away, it seems a little selfish,
yet it is a necessary self-preservation
and one which we would be wise to
imitate a little more. A mass of ig
norant and venial citizens, so-called,
such as give the Black Belt its name,
and the inpouring of European scum,
is a dead weight to progress.
The Legal Code.
The American Bar Association, con
vened in Seattle, Washington this
week, is wrestling again with the
problem of legal ethics, yet the higher
duty of lawyers is in nowise different
from that which devolves upon any
other set of men. That which has
been proven to be for the best inter
ests of the race, will ever be found an
amply sufficient guide and no com
pilation of set rules is possible or
necessary.
“No ordinance of man shall over-ride
The settled laws of Nature and of
God;
Not written they, in pages of a book,
Nor were they framed today, or yes
terday ;
But they from all Eternity have been,
And shall, to all Eternity, endure”
wrote Eschylus, ages ago. The appli
cation of philosophy to history would
not becloud a lawyer’s understanding
of Blackstone’s Commentaries, or
Chitty on Pleading, but would sub
ordinate such tomes to their proper
place as man-made volumes, while
clearing his perception of his responsi
bility as a man and a citizen. The fact
that from the ranks of the legal
fraternity are recruited most of our
legislators should make it imperative
that they study more the “laws of
Nature and of God” and throw their
influence against measures that are
unjust or oppressive, futile or insane.
A man who deals honestly with
posterity will never be at loss in
reference to his relations with his
contemporaries or confreres. If every
practitioner “come into court with
clean hands” as he is ordered there
would be no stirring up of litigation,
obscuring the merits of cases, accept
ing fees from conflicting interests,
betraying one client to another, as
the shyster is wont to do; yet the
elimination of this sort of attorney
is of far less importance than is the
raising of the ideal among a host of
personally honest, biff sadly commer
cialized, lawyers who have made a
business of what should be almost a.
sacrament.
The true counselor, like the “per
fect gentleman,” is entirely indescrib-
Jeffersonian
able. We know him when we come
in contact with him; and he is what
he is not by reason of adherence to
fixed ethics, but simply because he is
on a plane altogether above and be
yond any rules and regulations. His
own ideals form a code superior than
that which would reasonably be de
vised by any man or set of men. He
is entirely unconscious of being bound
by hard and fast enactments.
He is the counselor you would
seek in perplexity, but to whom you
would not go to obtain an unfair ad*
vantage over anyone else.
In these days of class legislation
and corporate privilege, the lawyer
needs to be more guarded than ever
against making his profession a mere
“business.” Rather than sacrifice
the slightest principle of honor, it
were better to go back to the plough.
A Gigantic Coercion.
The rumor is that the United
States Army men propose to raise, if
need be, a fund of One Million Dol
lars with which to defend the Haines
brothers, murderers of William E.
Annis. This amounts to nothing
short of a vicious cabal to cheat jus
tice. If any reaSoiiable defeiise can
be put up py these slayers, they are
entitled to the benefit thereof, but
When the array men lose their digni
ty-to such an extent as to pool a fund
to be used in an effort to clear
“brother soldiers” solely on account
of their connection with the service,
they display that spirit of militarism
which despises civil law and proposes
not to be bound by the courts which
are good enough for the plain peo
ple.
If the Hains brothers were
justified in their act, it will
take any large sum of money
to demonstrate it to a fair-minded
jury. If they are so utterly without
excuse that a vast sum must be raised
for a prolonged legal battle, involv
ing a resort to every technicality
known to the skilled pleader, if not
to methods even more reprehensible,
then Uncle Sam’s men should have
nothing to do with the unclean case
Without prejudicing anyone, good
taste would suggest that the army
men hold themselves aloof. The lav
ish expenditure of money, the making
spectacular of murder trials, the es
tablishment of one law for the rich
and privileged and another for the
poor and vulgar, has proceeded to an
extent which is unspeakably nauseat
ing and the public would owe the
array men no thanks for bringing into
the Hains case any elements save
those which should go before a judge
and jury for prompt consideration.
If guilty of a cowardly killing, the
Army should be the first to repudiate
their cause; if not guilty, it will
speedily be demonstrated. The bur
den of proof is clearly upon the Hains
brothers to fit themselves for further
association with fellow officers, and
not that of the latter to spring to
hasty conclusions and to display an
unwise and unbecoming spirit of fra
ternity. A similar tragedy might
some finm be repeated, whuj-ein all
participants were army officers of
equally lofty rank, and a million dol
lar precedent would cause considera
ble embarrassment at mess tables.
The Cadet Incident Finally Closed.
Two —the ring-leaders—expelled
and six of their mates suspended for
one year, appears to be the final out
come of the West Point hazing
episode. This serio-comedy has pro
gressed for some weeks and the in
dividual who “saw in th®"paper”
that the boys were expelled one day,
would see in the next issue they were
re-instated, until finally all chrono
logical order of reports and events
would be hopelessly lost and even
Loeb, poor Loeb, could scarcely get
the item of news on straight again.
However, the latest —-the very latest
says that the cadets g*ot theirs and
the pastinie of hazing hag received
a quietus. And it is Well. While it
may be a little hard on tne kids, who
were no worse than many of their
predecessors had been, the line be
tween mere boyish pranks and brutal
ity has need to be isharply drawn by
the authorities add clearly pointed out
to those whose immaturity leads tlieiti
into an abuse of the generally accept
ed lordship of the sophomores over
the meek and lowly “fresh.”
* * *
The psychology of the boy is some
thing anyway, which makes the mys
tery of women, in comparison, as
simple as the alphabet. The average
boy is a sweet-souled chap, who
shares his confidence, his apple-cores,
liis hunks of sticky ginger-bread
freely and generously with those
whom he happens to admire; he is
very sorry you have a tooth-ache, and
he will run his small brown legs off
in your service if you show 7 at all the
proper appreciation of his kindly
regard. But what a savage he is!
From mere teasing to absolute torture
he ranges in away that is appalling
to those who yearn to see the child
foreshadow the man. The 12 years
old Cooksey boy who derailed a train
last week, causing the horrible death
of brave engineer Dewberry; the
young Italian who recently set fire to.
the garments of a lady in a New 7 York
park; and the children who blinded
a baby-boy in thoughtless cruelty, are
but a few 7 examples of crimes com
mitted by mere boys that would be
fiendish, if not so evidently done out
of sheer irresponsibility.
Except in cases of hereditary in
sanity, the fault must lie with parents
who do not teach their little ones the
necessity of avoiding hurt to living
creatures, whether dumb or human.
It cannot too often be said that “the
bravest are the tenderest and that
man or boy who will not fight to save
a helpless being from torment is the
softest kind of milk-sop known. The
boy who is gentle will become the man
who is chivalrous, in the truest and
best sense of the word.
Harry K. Thaw now announces
himself a bankrupt. He is still in
custody and the day of his liberation
seems no nearer than ever.