water supply in aid of navigation of the
Tennessee and Ohio Rivers especially, as a
means of preventing the destruction of great
bodies of agricultural lands by floods, and as
a means of preserving in the lesser streams
sufficient water power to operate industrial
and manufacturing plants now located and
hereafter to be located. The speaker in the
course of his address gave the results of his
personal observations at different periods, first,
prior to 1887, when the Appalachian range
between Asheville, N. C., and the Virginia
state line was an almost unbroken primeval
forest, and, second, twenty years afterwards
when considerable areas had been entirely
denuded of timber growths, and told of the
seriously bad effects the destruction of the
timbered areas had upon the streams having
their sources or much of their supplies from
the Appalachian range and upon the larger
and navigable Tennessee River. He also
argued that if the Government was justified
in making vast expenditures for reclaiming
arid lands in the West it was eminently right
and proper that the Government should make
an expenditure to provide for the protection
of great areas and the navigation of rivers
by reserving and protecting the great forest
range of the Appalachians as a national
park.—Nashville Banner.
EARLY FRUIT OF CONSERVATION
CONFERENCE.
The first day of the conference on con
servation of natural resources, called by
President Roosevelt, gave promise that
practical results of far-reaching effect will be
the outcome of its sessions. Two suggestions
were presented to the gathering that are
fraught with possibilities of greatest value and
importance.
Secretary Root, in his address, pointed out
to the assembly that the Constitution of the
United States laid no limitations upon the
co-operation of the various States, subject to
Congressional approval, in the carrying out
of plans to preserve from exploitation the
great wealth of our forests, mines and other
national assets.
This view, which must be accepted as
authoritative, opens up a wide field for action.
The educational influence of the conference
will no doubt awaken the interest and sym
pathy of all in attendance, and the Governors
of the many Commonwealths represented will
return to their homes impressed with the
need for taking such steps as will contribute
to the end desired. The knowledge that in
these steps they are free to seek the assistance
of each other and to invite the joint action of
State Legislatures will give practical trend
and concerted strength to the policies that
may be decided upon.
The second suggestion, which was made by
Govs. Glenn and Folk and embodied in reso
lutions for later consideration, advocates the
converting of the conference into a permanent
organization. It will be seen that this fits
into the opportunity for co-operation, which
Secretary Root emphasized, providing a means
by which it may be carried into effect.
It is impossible to predict how vast may lie
the undertakings developing from these seeds
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
- - SUBSCRIBE TO-
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
F*rice $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
that have been sown already at the gathering.
We are living in days when things move quick
ly and when almost any eddy started in the
pool of political or economic affairs may grow
into a tidal wave. It is not improbable that
we are witnessing at Washington the initiation
of a movement that will play a tremendous part
in the future of this country, a movement in
which by constitutional methods the nation
will approximate such control and regulation
of its resources as dreamers and visionaries
have urged in Utopian schemes for the so
cialization of wealth.
We are awaking to the fact that hand in
hand with private ownership must go the
national sense of stewardship for the whole
people. It is not in the thought of any who
are sharing in the present conference to ham
per or prevent private enterprise. ‘lt is
recognized by all that the prosperity of the
country depends upon giving to capital a
proper and fair opportunity f<sr reaching and
developing the treasures that nature has
stored in the forests, mines and waterways of
the land. But it is also becoming a convic
tion that the people have a right to protect
this treasure from plunderers and to make
sure that those who profit by investment in its
possibilities make adequate return for the
rights they enjoy, and take every reasonable
precaution to provide against wanton waste.
We do not hesitate to predict that when
the story of the Roosevelt regime is written,
there will be no chapter better worthy of an
abiding place in its pages or more deeply
engraved upon the life of the country than
that which deals with this conference and its
issues.—Louisville Herald.
ANOTHER ADDRESS TO THE HOUSE OF
GOVERNORS.
President Washington’s circular letter to
the Governors of the States at the close of
the Revolutionary War breathed a prayer for
“four things 'which I humbly conceive are es
sential to the well-being, I may even venture
to say to the existence, of the United Staes
as an independent power: first, an indissolu
ble union of the States under one federal
head; second, a sacred regard to public jus-
tice; third, the adoption of a proper peace
establishment, and fourth, the prevalence of
that pacific and friendly disposition among the
people of the United States which will induce
them to forget their local prejudices and poli
cies; to make those mutual concessions which
are requisite to the general prosperity, and in
some instances to sacrifice their individual
advantages to the interest of the community.”
—New York American.
y
»*HIH JI y.-!.
AN OPPORTUNITY FOR SOUTHERN
REPRESENTATIVES IN CONGRESS.
It looks as if the Southern Senators were
lured into a desertion of their traditional
opposition to subsidies and bounties in this
case by the fact that the South for one time
gets part of the benefit. All the more honor
to them therefore if our Southern Represen
tatives shall now scorn the Greeks bearing
gifts and fight the subsidy to a finish. Take
away your artificial restriction forbidding the
purchase of ships in the cheapest market, and
you will not need to go into the public treasury
for subsidies. It all illustrates the old
doctrine of Emerson:
“The basis of political economy is non
interference. The only safe rule is found in
the self-adjusting meter of demand and sup
ply. Do not legislate. Meddle, and you snap
the sinews with your sumptuary laws. Give
no bounties; make equal laws, secure life and
property, and you need not give alms.”—
Progressive Farmer.
I I Plf V IIIDC Wlll 031011 you more fish than
I I ill B 111 Bl I you ever dreamed of catch-
LUvlll LU HL ln g. Oldest and best pre-
T , ~ . . Pared bait manufactured.
Indorsed by sportsmen everywhere. Absolutely guaranteed
If you want to pull them out fast, and always take home a
big string, write today. Postpaid, 25 cents. Stamp for cata
ogue and FREE PACKAGE offer.
GREAT WESTERN SUPPLY CO.
Dept. 4, Lebanon, Ohio
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Me*,
100. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indlstrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample eapy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dnilaa, Tax.
PAGE SEVEN