PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga., January 11, 1907, as second crass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. Dec. 23, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
NOTICE!
On account of Christmas Week, there
will be no JEFFERSONIAN issued on
December 30th.
The flood of subscriptions pouring into
our office during the last two or three
weeks has nearly swamped us. If any of
our subscribers, old or new, do not receive
their papers regularly, or if there is any
error in address, let us know at once.
The remarkable demand for the “Wat
son” knives has crowded the factory to the
limit, and at this time of the year there
will naturally be some delays in filling or
ders. We ask all those who are expecting
to receive the premium knives to be pa
tient with us, and, if the premiums are not
received in a reasonable time, to notify
us. The knives are mailed from Cleve
land, Ohio, and the shears from another
factory. They will not come in the same
package.
A Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year to all of you, from New Zealand to
the Orkneys, and from Alaska to Hong
kong. THE JEFFERSONIANS.
Thomson, Ga., December 23, 1909.
The Fool Friends of the Negro Do
Him Enormous Injury
When a multi-millionaire like Andrew
Carnegie gives to the world a statement to the
effect that the negroes of today are more civ
ilized than were his own ancestors of two
hundred years ago, his purpose is, no doubt, to
encourage the Afro-Americans, and to give
the white people a kindlier feeling for them.
If Mr. Carnegie had any real knowledge of
human nature, and any real information con
cerning the condition of his Scottish ancestry
two hundred years ago, he would realize that
his statement concerning the American negro
is not only an absurd falsehood, but that it is
harmful to the negroes themselves.
In the Jeffersonian Magazine for February,
it is my intention to describe the social, in
dustrial and political condition of Scotland
four hundred years ago; and to establish by
unquestionable evidence the ridiculous un
truthfulness of the Carnegie statement.
My immediate purpose is to call attention
to the fact that whenever the nigger-lovers
slop over, as Andrew did in this instance, the
logical and inevitable result is an increase in
the dislike of the white people for the blacks.
Such flatteries of the negroes not only put the
devil into their own heads, but rouse the pas
sions of hell in the breasts of the whites.
When the average white man sees a multi
millionaire whose fortune is the result of gov
ernmental favors and of systematic frauds,
catering to the negroes in that offensive way,
his resentment extends to the uppity negro.
Carnegie is one of those men who invite
Booker Washington to eat dinner with him:
Jeffersonian
John Wi amaker is another: Robert Ogden
is another. This traitor to the white race,
Ogden, not only eats with the negroes him
self, but he compels his white clerks, male and
female, to eat with his negro clerks when the
luncheon hour is reached.
Now, when such cranks as these make a
specialty of pampering and petting and brag
ging on the negro, race prejudice is intensified
and, of course, the consequence of this is bad
for the negro. He is here on sufferance: he is
in our power, and if such men as Carnegie,
Wanamaker and Ogden would let us alone,
we could get along with him all right. He is
an inferior human being: is not any more
our brother than the apes are, and we don’t
intend that he shall ever live on a footing of
equality with us. That might as well be un
derstood. The “Fatherhood of God” does not
put every created being on the same racial
level.
These Northern cranks don’t understand
the Southern situation; and the more they
meddle with it, the worse it is for the negro.
Let them remember that, and quit knocking
at us about lynchings. IV hen the crimes stop,
lynching will stop: not a minute before.
The Express Companies
Dear Mr. Watson:—Enclosed I herewith hand
you a clipping from today’s issue of the Macon
Telegraph, showing some facts about the enor
mous profits of leading American Express Com
panies;—and, therefore, what a great saving to
the people a parcels post system would bring to
them. Knowing the great interest you have taken
in this important public question, and thinking
that these suggestions, which may not fall under
your eye, might be appreciated, I am enclosing
same to you.
A SUBSCRIBER TO THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Butler, Georgia.
ANSWER.
In The Jeffersonian we have for several
years called attention from time to time to
the outrageous charges of the Express Com
panies. Apparently, we will never be able to
interest our Senators, Representatives and
State Legislatures in this subject.
When the rate bill was on its passage
through Congress a few years ago, a fight was
made to bring Express Companies, the Pull
man Car Company, and the Telegraph Com
panies under the supervision and control of
the Federal Government, just as the railroads
are; but the great Democratic leader in the
House of Representatives, the Honorable
John Sharp Williams, took a bold stand for
the downtrodden corporations, and success
fully resisted the effort to have these weak
lings put under governmental superintend
ence. He voted to have the railroads over
looked and nominally controlled; but he was
not willing to have such a poor, little, insig
nificant concern as the Pullman Car Company
interfered with to any extent whatever. John
Sharp practically said that they must go
right ahead, charging extortionate prices, and
making the fellow who has to climb into the
upper berth on a ladder pay just as much as
the chap who sleeps on the first floor. Hon
orable John Sharp Williams, and the Demo
crats who followed his sagacious and patri
otic lead, wouldn’t listen to the suggestion
that the four great Express Companies, who
declare 300 per cent, dividends, should have
any supervision at all. They were equally
patriotic and careful about keeping the tele
graphs and the telephones secure in their al
most unlimited power to tax and oppress the
public. Millions and millions of Water have
been poured into the stock of the telegraph
and telephone companies; but you can’t get
the authorities anywhere to vigorously take
hold of the proposition that they should only
be allowed to charge such rates as would give
LOCAL FARMERS’ UNIONS!
Don’t you think that Duckworth owes it to the
Union to answer those questions? POP IT TO
HIM IN YOUR RESOLUTIONS.
them fair and reasonable profit upon the
value of their plant, or the actual amount of
cash represented by the investment.
The Republican Co-Operator, and
Mr. T. J. Brooks
Please bear in mind that a Republican
from lowa has purchased the Texas Farm
Co-operator. Mr. C. D. Reimers is not only
an lowa Republican, but is reputed to be a
millionaire. At any rate, he has bought up
that agricultural journal, which was once the
accepted mouthpiece, in Texas, of the Farm
ers’ Educational and Co-operative Union of
America.
It is certainly very nice of these lowa Re
publican millionaires to come down South
and finance our agricultural papers. In such
cases, however, the boys had better keep their
eyes peeled, or the first thing they know, the
Taylor McCraes and the D. J. Neills, who
work for these Republican bosses, will be cut
ting funny capers.
for instance, in one of their recent issues,
the Co-operator editors take me to task, and
accuse me of misrepresenting Mr. T. J.
Brooks, of Tennessee.
Now, I know Brooks personally, and had
the kindest feeling for him, until he made
what seemed to me a bad break, in that three
page article of his which he wrote for Duck
worth’s Union News. Throughout the ar
ticle, Mr. Brooks made use of the misleading
data which had previously appeared in The
American Flag, the name of the magazine
published by the Ship Subsidy thieves, who
are doing business under the name of the
American Merchant Marine League.
The information contained in the Ship
Subsidy magazine was wholly misleading,
one-sided, and, therefore, practically false.
Duckworth and Brooks had better leave such
topics as that to editors who have made them
a lifelong study. Duckworth had no idea
that the Merchant Marine of the United
States was the greatest in the world, until
The Jeffersonian quoted from official
sources and showed this to be true. Did
Brooks know it? Os course, he didn’t, else
he would never have signed his name to that
article which caused me to criticise him. Do
the editors of the Co-operator know that in
the United States we have 25,425 sailing ves
sels and ocean-going steamers, in addition to
4,000 boats and barges? Do they know that
Great Britain herself, the mistress of the
seas, has not so many as we ? Certainly thev
don’t. They went right along and swallowed
the deceptive data furnished by the Ship Sub
sidy thieves, without taking' the trouble to
consult the United States “Statistical Ab
stract”, or the official reports in the “States
men s T ear Book”, books which are accepted
everywhere as the highest possible authority
on governmental subjects.
Now, if I misrepresented my friend Brooks,
m any way, it was his fault. On page 16 of
Duckworth’s paper, October 27, 1909, Mr.
Brooks, after saying that he was against that
particular form of subsidy which the Marine
League favors, argued that the subsidy advo
cates ought to “propose a tonnage bounty for
non-dutiable articles only that do not com
pete with American products, and agree to
the preferential tariff on all imports”.
Answering the arguments against his prop
osition, he says: “Subsidy advocates oppose
the differential tariff on the ground that it
will cause retaliatory legislation on the part
of the other governments. If there is any
thing that this Government can do, it is to
whip the world on this score. This one point
is sufficient text for a whole speech.”
Now, how could any one understand that
m any other way, than as a plea for bounties
and preferential tariff? If that language
doesn t bear the construction I put upon it,
then nobody would ever be safe in construing