PAGE FOURTEEN
The Nelv Jerusalem Plan
This was the headline of a cir
cular letter I mailed to many
of the leading men of the state
and nation; to President , Roose
velt, Speaker Cannon, to the
leading members of both branches of
the federal congress, -including the
Conference Committee of the senate
and house at the time they were for
mulating an agreement on the State
hood bill, that was ratified on the
16th day of June, 1906, by both
brandies of the federal congress which
enabled the people of Oklahoma and
Indian Territory to form a constitu
tion and state government and be ad
mitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original states. My
suggestions were accepted as timely,
by the Conference Committee, and an
amendment was attached to the capi
tal clause of the Enabling Act pro
hibiting the legislature from appropri
ating any money for buildings for
capital purposes, for a period of seven
years. This was done to give the
people a chance to locate the capital
near the center of the state, where
they could lay the foundation for the
greatest manufacturing center in the
South.
I suggested in my circular letter
that the capital be located on the
north fork of the Canadian river in
the Seminole nation, and that 10 or
15 sections be laid out for a capitol
site, and the lots sold to the highest
bidder, the money received to be used
in building the state house and peni
tentiary.
I believe a capital site of ten sec
tions, properly advertised, can be sold
for eight to ten million dollars. I
wish to call your attention to the lot
sale of the town site of Lawton, Okla.,
that was sold during the month of Au
gust, 1901. There was only half sec
tion in this town site, and it sold for
more than $400,000. I am informed
that the Gore Addition to the city of
Lawton sold the past year, for some
thing near $300,000. This should be
sufficient to convince the members of
both branches of the legislature that
the New Jerusalem is worth its weight
in gold.
The New Jerusalem capital proposi
tion, I believe, lead the ticket, receiv
ing more than 38,000 majority. That
should convince the members of the
legislature, that the people want the
open field capital site. The members
of both branches of the federal Con
gress believed this would lighten the
burden of taxation for the citizens of
Oklahoma when they accepted the
amendment to the capital clause that
was drawn by the Conference Commit
tee, and I believe every intelligent
man in the state will agree with me
when I say the present tax rate is
too high.
For the information of those who
are not aware of the provisions of
the Enabling Act, I will gave the Capi
tal Clause as passed by both branches
of congress, and the committee amend
ment.
IL R. 12707: “The capital of said
state shall temporarily be at the city
of Guthrie, in the present territory of
Oklahoma, and shall not be changed
therefrom previous to A. D. 1915; but
said capital may, after said year, be
located by the electors of said state
at an election to be provided for by
the legislature.” The senate struck
out part of the capital clause and
passed the bill, which read: “The
capital of said state shall temporarily
be at the city of Guthrie, in the pres
ent territory of Oklahoma.”
The Conference Committee agreed
on the capital clause as it passed the
lower house by changing it from 1915
to 1913, with the following amend
ment: Provided, however, that the
legislature of said state, except as
shall be necessary for the convenient
transaction of the public business of
said state, at said capital, shall not
appropriate any public moneys of the
state for the erection of buildings for
capital purposes during such period.
There has been some discussion as
to who started the ball rolling for the
New Jerusalem capital of Oklahoma.
I have many letters from leading men
of the state in reply to my Cannon
ville circular, endorsing the plan with
the assurance of their aid for help in
carrying out the proposition. From
the date of their letters, and the edi
torials of the leading papers of the
State and nation, to whom I mailed
my suggestions, and the amendment
to the capital clause of the statehood
bill, should be sufficient evidence as.
to who started the ball rolling.
The first letter I received was from
Speaker Cannon’s secretary, and from
the contents of his letter, you will
decide he was pleased with the sug
gestion, and that was the first sugges
tion of the kind to reach his office:
Speaker’s Room,
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C., April 4, ’O6.
Tom Green, Comanche, I. T.
Dear Sir: Your letter of the 4th
instant, making suggestions to the
Speaker regarding the capital of Okla
homa, has been received and will be
called to- his attention at the earliest
possible moment. I am,
Very sincely yours,
L. W. Bushby.
Ahe following letter bears date of
May 27, 1906, from State Senator
Campbell Russell, the man who is
leading the fight for the New Jerusa
lem Capital City:
Friend Tom: Cut that out! What
the devil does it matter to you what
the name is? Why burden a good
scheme with an unnecessary load?
Cannonville, indeed! Not by a
long shot. But why quarrel about
the name. I am ready to help
put the scheme through; it is
good. When we succeed, then we can
discuss the name, and I’ll bet you a
dollar to a doughnut, it’s not Cannon
ville. Cut out that name proposition
and go on with your fight—our fight.
I am with you. After we win, then if
you beat me on the name, all right.
But my bet still stands open.
Yours for results,-
Campbell Russell.
Senator Russell has made good, and
the boys from the forks of the creek
will stand by him for anything he
asks in the future.
Remember the federal congress ap
proved of the plan on June 16, 1906.
Both branches of the legislature fav
ored it by submitting it to a vote of
the people. The people said by their
vote with more than 30,000 majority,
give us the New Jerusalem.
Shall the people rule?
Tom Green.
3 e ff tx son lan
STANDAR.O MACHINE KY
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
uuiur/iu 1 Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
40 smith FORCVTH STREET Saw8 > Pum P s - Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
49 buuTH rUKaYTn dTK££i gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. .. GEORGIA catalog We sell everything in Machinery and
•\-■. r* • * <
I How a Reliable Engine I
I Economizes Labor I
Z\F course, you, like other The engines are simple in de- B
II farmers, want to economize sign so that they can be easily ■
your time. understood.
Think in how many places a They are strong and durable —
power would be a help to you — constructed with a large factor of B
would save time and work—if you safety, inasmuch as they have B
had it in a handy form ready for greater strength than would
use in a minute. ordinarily be required. Yet they
Think how much hard work it are not clumsy or too heavy. B
would save you in cutting feed- All parts are accessible and
in sawing wood, posts or poles— easily removed and reassembled. B
in running the cream separator Every engine will develop a large
or churn —in operating shop or per cent of power in excess of its ■
other machinery. rating —you get more power than
The I. H. C. gasoline engine you pay for.
is a power that is always ready They are absolutely reliable— B
at your hand. It is not neces- you cannot find one inefficient ■
sarily stationary, like the wind- detail. They are unusually eco
tnill,.and on that account adapted nomical in fuel consumption—
to doing only one kind of work. less than a pint of gasoline I
The engine is built in many horse-power per hour. This
styles —there are portable engines means that a 2-horse power en
on trucks and skidded engines gine will produce full 2-horse B
which can be moved wherever power for five hours on only one
■ the work is to be done. Then gallon of gasoline.
there are stationary engines, both Would it not be a wise plan for ||'
vertical and horizontal, in sizes you to investigate and learn how B
from 1 to 25-horse-power, air an I. H. C. engine will save time B
cooled and water cooled, and and lighten the labor on your
also gasoline traction engines farm?
12, 15 and 20-horse-power. Be- International local agents will
sides, there are special sawing, supply you with catalogs. Call K
spraying and pumping outfits from on them for particulars, or write
which you can select. the home office.
INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY OF AMERICA
(Incorporated) B
Chicago, U. S. A.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon , Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon— Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of, The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... O God J where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.” ■ "
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.