PAGE FOURTEEN
FREE TEN PIECES
OF GOOD MUSIC
Send us a club of ten subscribers to WATSON’S MAG
AZINE or THE JEFFERSONIAN, for three months, at 25
cents each, and we will mail you, FREE OF ALL CHARGES,
ten pieces of music, which you may select from our list of
300 pieces that will be published from time to time in The
Jeffersonian.
Each subscriber will also receive one piece of music
FREE, which may be selected from our list.
The best copyrighted successes of the day are included
in this list. Every copy is printed from lithographed stones
on the finest quality, full-sized, sheet music paper. Every
composition is carefully and perfectly arranged by eminent
musicians. Every title is a work of art. Order by number.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GA.
WATSON’S
THOMASJEFFERSON
If you want to know what is meant by JEFFERSON
IAN DEMOCRACY, read this book.
If you want a TRUE history of the United States, and
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, about the South
and West, read this book.
If you want new and valuable information concerning
the SOUTH’S contribution to America’s greatness and
glory, read thir book.
If you want to get the South’s true position on the ques
tion of NEGRO SLAVERY, read this book.
Os JEFFERSON, Mr. Watson says: “The world believes in Jefferson
as the propounder of the gospel of liberty, as it believes in no other man.
Spread out before the world, boldly written upon the bulletin boards of
immortality, are two little assertions in the Declaration of Independence
that humanity seizes upon, and treasures, as something above price. These
are the.two thoughts that, today, are shaking the earth with a new bap
tism of democracy. These are the thoughts that are the shibboleth of that
mighty knighthood, whose purpose is the undoing of human wrong.”
PRICE, HANDSOMELY BOUND IN CLOTH, $2.00
AGENTS WANTED
Department THE JEFFERSONIANS Georgia
Wkl compliments of ""
H TOM WATSON |
W*.- EDITOR OF H BvVJF iW Vll
w£H|the jeffersomiams
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
'Bb® Tftfftvsonian
NOTABLE MAGAZINE ARTICLES.
Much Needed Truths About “For
eign Missions” as Conducted
by Modern Churches.
There is a serial editorial article
running in Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine, a political, secular publica
tion printed by Mr. Thos. E. Watson
at Atlanta, Georgia, that we wish
could be read by every Christian in
the world. It began, we believe,
with the May number and has been
followed up in June and July num
bers.
Mr. Watson takes the strong
ground that the fundamental theory
of foreign missions as they are con
ducted by the modern church is ab
solutely unscriptural and unwise from
every standpoint. He points out that
they have undertaken to BUY the
conversion of the millions of heathen
dom BY THE USE OF COLD DOL
LARS AND CENTS that rightfully
belong to our own country and its
needs. For instance, at great cost
the churches have erected and are
erecting for the heathen and free to
them, mere secular training schools,
where they are simply taught gram
mar, arithmetic, bookkeeping and
modern arts and sciences, with the
hope of thereby inducing, buying the
heathen people to become Christians.
He points out that our great “For
eign Mission Leaders” actually urge
us to pay for and maintain such
schools in Japan in competition with
the government schools of Japan.
That is to say, that in their efforts to
buy thee heathens of Japan to Chris
tianity, they are maintaining schools
which for splendor and furnishings
and opportunities fairly compete with
what the Japanese government can
do in this line.
The churches actually pay for the
board and clothes of many heathen
children whose parents hate Christi
anity so much that they will not con
tribute even board and clothes for
their children to go to the church
schools to learn how to read and
write, etc.
Some of these foreign “mission”
schools teach Gymnastics and kin
dred things.
With a trenchant pen Mr. Watson
contrasts this with the methods and
messages of St. Paul and the early
Church missionaries, and defies any
one to imagine Paul, or Peter, or
John teaching the heathen Gymnas
tics or any other secular matters with
the timid far-fetched hope of gaining
them to Christianity!
He declares (as this preacher has
done for years) that no inducement
whatever ought to be held out to any
body to become a Christian except
the benefits of the Gospel itself.
What sort of a Christian is a man
or boy likely to make when induced
to profess Christianity by the tempt
ing offer of a “free scholarship” to
some school or other? —or by any
other mere appeal to the self-inter
est? And yet this is the very founda
tion principle upon which the mil
lions of money of American Chris
tians is being spent in foreign lands,
in free schools, free hospitals, free
“medicines,” free board and free
clothes, etc., etc.
At the present rate of converts, and
in view of the millions of heathen
dom, how much money is it going to
take to “convert” heathendom?
Now, with Mr. Watson’s political
economics (wishing merely to keep
all this money at home, etc.) we have
little interest. But what we lament
is that millions of money is being
wasted in unscriptural efforts, which
if paid for the support of actual, fire
baptized missionary preachers would
absolutely finish the great commission
within a year!
It positively is not the business of
missionaries to teach grammar and
mere secular wordly cunning, art,
science, etc., to the children of heath
endom; it is their business, as it is
our home preachers, to preach the
Gospel to every creature and to every
nation for a witness. “And then shall
the End come.
We wish all our readers would send
10c a copy for these magazines and
that other Apostolic Faith papers
would get them and comment on
Tobacco Kills
W 1
FACE TO FACE WITH DEATH.
There’s nothing that can be said in
favor of the tobacco habit. It’s expen
sive; filthy; injurious to health—posi
tively dangerous. Nicotine is a deadly
poison witness the thousands of
deaths from tobacco heart, tobacco
cancer, from diseases of stomach, liv
er, kidneys that had their start in to
bacco poison.
“Easy-To-Quit” is a positive, abso
lute “stopper” for any tobacco habit.
It is a vegetable remedy and any lady
can give it secretly in food or drink.
It is harmless; leaves no reaction or
bad effects, and it stops the habit to
stay stopped.
Mothers, save the young smoker’s
brain, he cannot do it himself. Wives,
sisters and sweethearts, help save the
mind, body and future of some one
who is near and dear to you. Without
your help it may not be done.
FREE PACKAGE OFFER
Fill out the blank lines below with
your name and address, cut out and
send it to us, we will send you abso
lutely free, by mail, in plain wrapper,
a trial package of “Easy-To-Quit.”
you will be thankful as long as you
live that you did it. Address, Rogers
Drug and Chemical Co., 1186 Fifth and
Race Sts., Cincinnati, Ohio.
NAME
ADDRESS
Leaf Tobacco For Sale
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown
by a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist
and firm believer in Thomas E. Wat
son’s deathless principles. Write for
prices to
W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
MILLIONS
of people depend on Baltimore for their
supply of Fruits and Vegetables, which
makes it a good market. If you want
a good House to look after your inter
est, write to
HEWITT & COMPANY
Fruit & Produce Commission Merchants
10 E. Camden St., Baltimore, Md.
We offer liberal commissions to
agents who will handle “Bethany”
and other books.
Young Men,
Learn Telegraphy
Telegraph Operators Are
in Great Demand
BOYS, THIS IS YOUR OPPOR
UNITY to learn a first-class trade
t ! at pays a good salary every month
n the year. There will be a greater
demand for Telegraph Operators this
’’all and Winter than there has been
for many years past. The prominent
railroads of the South and other
harts of the United States are wri
ting us to qualify as many young
men of good character for their ser
vice as we possibly can. We trust
that the reliable, ambitious boys of
the South will rajly to this golden
opportunity.
Our students qualify for service
in only four to six months. We
guarantee positions. Graduates be
gin on $45 to $65 per month; easy
and pleasant work; permanent em
ployment; rapid promotion.
Our tuition is reasonable; board
at low rates; Newnan is extremely*
healthful; fine climate; excellent
drinking water. Write at once for
our new illustrated catalog. A let
ter or postal will bring it. IT IS
TREE.
SOUTHERN SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
BOX 272 NEWNAN. GEORGIA