Clje Jeffersonian
VoL 7, Number 8
What Do You Think About Having a Daily
Jeffersonian in Atlanta ?
OME weeks ago, I was savagely as
sailed and misrepresented, in one
of the Atlanta dailies, by Dr.
| Marion Hull, and Mr. William T.
Ellis. I sent a reply by the next mail. My
manuscript was neither published nor re
turned.
Last week, Congressman Livingston dealt
another blow at me, in one of the Atlanta
dailies. By next mail, I sent a reply. Today
(Sunday) the manuscript comes back, accom
panied by the statement that I must pay for
it as an advertisement if I wish it published.
What do you think of that kind of thing?
Isn’t it about the same as holding a man while
others beat him?
Below, you will find the article to which
publication was refused.
Journalism which hushes things up, allows
only one side to be seen, and only one party
to be heard, is not the kind to confer the
greatest benefits upon the patrons of the pa
pers.
I, for one, feel so keenly the humiliation of
being denied the right to defend myself when
assailed, that I HAVE A STRONG INCLI
NATION TO ATTEMPT THE ESTAB
LISHMENT OF A DAILY PAPER IN
ATLANTA — a paper that can’t be silenced
by any “interest”, whatsoever; and which will
allow both sides a fair hearing.
What do you think of it? To what extent
would YOU back me in such an enterprise?
Thos. E. Watson.
Thomson, Ga., Feb. 17, 1910.
Editor :
Os all the impudent attempts to impose
upon the people that Lon Livingston has ever
been guilty of, his latest statement to your
Washington correspondent is the most flip
pantly unscrupulous.
Because in the hasty running through of
his long and evasive reply to my exposure of
his perfidy, I failed to note his quotation of a
certain passage from Speaker Cannon’s
speech, he coolly acquits himself of the basest
betrayal of his constituents, Lis State, his sec
tin, his country. Put into the words whch
give true expression to its meaning, Livings
ton’s verdict of self-acquittal, might read as
follows:
“It is an undeniable fact that, as President
of the Farmers’ Alliance, I went all over the
country denouncing Congress and the Repub
lican party, on account of the class legislation
which pillages the unprotected common peo
ple. It is true that I helped to frame the
Ocala platform which demanded that there
Mlanta, Ga,, Thursday, February 24, 1910
should be no tariff tax on the necessaries of
life which the poor must have to live. I can’t
deny that I beat Stewart out of his place in
Congress, by accusing him of having failed
to secure any relief for the people—especial
ly, none for the farmer. I must admit that I
pleaded, with tears in my voice and my eyes,
for a chance to show the farmer what I could
do for him, if I were put in Stewart’s place.
It’s a fact that I preached against national
banks with all the hypocritical vigor that I
could assume. I yelled for Government loans
on farm land. I shouted for the “Sub-treas
ury plan, or something better.” It can’t be
disputed that I ripped or snorted against the
marauding corporations; and I told the
farmer that if he’d give me a chance, I’d
smash ’em.
“It is true, as charged by Watson, that my
Congressional record is a twenty-year wilder
ness of broken promises and servility to cor
poration influence. It is true that I never
even made the effort to redeem a single
pledge of the platform on which I was elect
ed. It is true that I have aided the Repub
licans to run up tariff rates that rob the com
mon people of twice as much as they lost
under the tariffs existing when I beat Stew
art for Congress!
“I won’t deny, as charged by Watson, that
I have been the assiduous henchman of the
J. P. Morgan railroad interests, and have
plundered the Treasury of millions, to give
extra pay to the Southern Railway system
for performing its mail contract, when the
contract gave it many times more than the
Express companies have to pay for the trans
portation of the same weights.
“I confess that Watson stated nothing but
the truth when he declared that I delivered
to the Cannon-Aldrich combine the votes
they had to have to fill up the gap which the
Western Insurgents had made in the enemy’s
line, The Standard Oil group, through Pat
McCarron, furnished a part of the Cannon
auxiliaries: the J. P. Morgan group, through
me, L. F. Livingston, furnished the others.
Together, Pat and I turned the trick. We
saved the day for the Republican machine.
Cannon himself says so; and I myself quoted
him as saying it—and I didnlt deny it, be
cause I couldn't.
“It’s a fact, as Watson says and the Con
gressional Record shows, that I deserted to
the enemy, fired upon my own flag, and gave
to the enemy the indispensable aid to gain a
terrible triumph over the people whom I be
trayed.
“It is a literal fact that had I been a sol
dier and had acted thus, I would have richly
deserved to be court-martialed and shot.
“I won’t deny—because I can’t—that my
desertion to the Republicans enabled them to
put upon the country a. far worse tariff than
the one which was already in force. I will
not traverse the statement —because I dare
not —that my desertion to the Republicans
has increased the cost of living to every citi-
zen of this republic. I must confess that my
infamous conduct has aggrandized the
Trusts; betrayed the South to New England;
embittered the lives of thousands of wage
earners; added to the burden of every farm
er ; and driven many a man, woman and child
to starvation, suicide, crime or vice.
“Not content with being a perjured traitor
myself, I seduced as many of the other mem
bers of the Georgia delegation as I possibly
could. I wanted partners in crime, compan
ions in disgrace. I actively worked for old
Joe Cannon. As I detached one Georgia
Congressman after another from his allegi
ance and his honor, I reported it to Boss
Cannon, using the familiar terms of the good
fellowship of political rascality:—
Moe, Pve got you another Georgia vote!
“Whereupon, Cannon answered, in the fa
tigue-suit etiquette in which gratified chica
nery acknowledges a pal’s adroit work—
'That's good, LonT
“Alabama stood firm: Tennessee never wa
vered : the Carolina’s were loyal: Mississippi,
Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Kentucky,
Texas, Maryland, the Virginias remained
solid rocks upon which Republican efforts
dashed in vain. From Florida, the Aldrich-
Cannon crowd could wrench but one vote.
“Georgia furnished these: Lon Livingston,
Jim Griggs, Gordon Lee, William G. Brant
lev, W. M. Howard, Charles Edwards.
“SZX DESERTERS FROM OLD
GEORGIA, AND ONLY ONE OTHER
FROM THE WHOLE SOUTH!
“Watson says so, the Congressional Rec
ord proves it, nobody denies it; no one de
fends it; every true-hearted Georgian is
ashamed of it. The victims of this iniquity
boil with wrath because of it; and the voters
are burning to punish it.
“But while all this is true, the foul record
that I have made must be forgotten, and my
most recent and most nationally-ruinous of
crimes be pardoned, because Watson failed
to see that I did quote the paragraph in
which Joe Cannon eulogized my betrayal of
my constituents of the South and of the great
common people of the country—a paragraph
which I heedlessly quoted, without seeing
how completely and permanently it damns
me Z”
Go! You unprincipled and unscrupulous
knave! If you have reached the point of
senile imbecility where you can’t realize the
full significance of your own confession, you
are losing your mind, as you long since lost
your character.
Tn going over to the Republicans, you
have simply obeyed the law of your nature.
The clouds return after the rain: childhood
comes again toward the inevitable close of
human life: and you, Lon Livingston, hav
ing been a, renegade to the South at the be
ginning of your ignoble career, have merely
got back to the place from which you started.
Respectfully,
Thos. E. Watson.
Price, Five Gents