Farmers' Union Resolutions
THE LOCALS CAN NOT BE
GAGGED.
Resolutions of Fellowship Local
Union, No. 1142, of Hart County, Ga.:
Resolved by our Local in regular
session, That we demand that Mr. R.
F. Duckworth come out in the open
and either confess or deny the charges
brought against him by the Hon.
Thomas E. Watson in The Jefferson
ian under dates in October, 1909,
relative to his recent action on the
Ship Subsidy, or Merchant Marine,
resolution in the Texas State Farm
ers’ Union Convention, held at Gal
veston, Texas.
Resolved further, That we see no
difference in the Merchant Marine
and the Ship Subsidy, and we de
nounce the whole of the Galveston
resolution relative to this matter as
a fraud.
Resolved further, That we con
sider Mr. R. F. Duckworth’s method
of trying to explain any of his ac
tions in this connection as one of
cowardice.
Be it further resolved, That we
are opposed to having any alliance
with the American Federation of La
bor, or any of its leaders.
Be it further resolved, That we
favor the employment of legal coun
sel for the Farmers’ Union whose rec
ord is not contaminated with specu
lative deals, the result of which
worked a hardship on so many inno
cent people.
Be it further resolved, That we de
mand that President John Lee an
swer the questions asked him by the
Hon. Thomas E. Watson in The Jef
fersonian under date of December
9th, pages 9 and 13.
Resolved, That a copy of these
resolutions be spread on our minutes
and a copy sent to Farmers’ Union
News and the weekly Jeffersonian
for publication.
Be it further resolved, That we ask
President Barrett to appoint an in
vestigating committee to look into
the charges brought against Messrs.
Duckworth, Ladson and Bodenhamer
by the Hon. Thomas E. Watson.
Passed in regular session Decem
ber 11, 1909.
S. J SKELTON, President
J. J. B. BROWN, Secretary.
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLLY SPRINGS
LOCAL UNION.
• Be it resolved, first, That we de
mand Hon. R. F. Duckworth to come
out in the open and either confess
or deny the charges that are made
against him by Hon. T. E. Watson in
The Jeffersonian relative to his re
cent action on the Ship Subsidy, or
the Merchant Marine, resolutions in
Texas State Farmers’ Union Conven
tion, held at Galveston, Texas.
Resolved second, That we see no
difference in the Merchant Marine
and Ship Subsidy, and denounce the
whole of the Galveston resolutions as
to this as a fraud.
Resolved third, That we condemn
R. F. Duckworth’s method of trying
to explain away his actions in this
connection as one of cowardice.
Be it further resolved, That we are
opposed to having an alliance with
the Federation of Labor, or any of its
leaders.
Resolved, That if we have to have
a national attorney, that our leaders
I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR
a From every person suffering from PILES, FISTULA,
or RECTAL trouble. I will cure every case I under
take, if given a fair trial, or forfeit FIVE HUNDRED
DOLLARS. I am financially responsible; also I be
lieve lam honest. I have had 32 years experience in
treating these diseases. MY ADVICE IS FREE.
Write today, while you think of it.
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 41 i Whitehall Street, Atlanta, Georgia
must employ one whose chastity can
not be impeached.
Be it further resolved, That in fu
ture, when there are national labor
conventions that we desire to attend,
we demand that the F. E. and C. U. of
A. send actual farmers to represent
us.
Resolved, That a copy of these
resolutions be sent to the Union
News and The Jeffersonian for publi
cation.
G. S. ADAMS, Secretary.
HERE’S A BRAVE VOLUNTEER.
Gentlemen:—You will find inclos
ed a check for $3.10, for which please
mark up my subscription to both
weekly and monthly Jeffersonians,
and please send the weekly to Noah
Waters, Glenville, Ga., R. F. D. No. 3,
and Mr. Waters wants one of your
knives.
And, Mr. Watson, in regard to your
writing about Catholicism, Social
ism. missionaries, Mr. Bodenhamer,
Duckworth, Ladson, or anything or
anybody else, write as you please
and say what you think; and if you
need any pickets to protect your
home and life call on me. I feel that
1 can get enough men, with good red
blood in their veins, to entertain
and handle any damn crowd who
wants to kill any honest man for
telling the truth.
Yours truly,
R. F. TOOTLE.
Manassas, Ga., R. F. D. 1, Box 41.
Send us $1.50 for Watson’s Maga
zine for 1910, containing Tom Wat
son’s best work, and the Tri-Weekly
Constitution, for one year.
FIND PLEASURE AND PROFIT IN
GROWING GOOD PECAN TREES
But the stock must be reliable— that’s vitc.',. Our
Pecan trees are grown in the best section of the
Pecan belt, by a special ist with a successful record.
Pecans have a fine future —nuts popular, bring
good prices; the timber in great demand. Now’s
just the time to start a grove.
Write for free illustrated booklet on Southern
fruit-bearing trees. We guarantee a “square
deal ” — replace any tree that isn’t right.
JEFFERSON NURSERY CO.
Box E-28 Monticello, Florida
BESSES
RR U I B
IHUnr lllNEi
I Manine permanently cures any drug habit. Guaranteed
I not to contain Morphine. Laudanum, Opium or any other
I habit forming drug. No money required in advance, a
I full month’s treatment sent to those afflicted without
I one cent of deposit. Manine has cured thousands, it
I will cure you. Give it a free trial, Yon are to be g
| the sole judge. Address
Manine Medicine Co.
3253 Locust St., St, Louis, Me. a Rl
SAW, LATH, SHINGLE MILLS
Shafting, Pulleys, Bell
LOMBARD IRON WKS., Augusta, 6a.
Obe Jeffersonian
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
One Hundred Dollars
TO THE MAN, WOMAN OR CHILD, who sends
us the largest number of subscriptions to Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine between now and January
1, 1910. We will award prizes as follows : . . .
First Prize - - - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - Twenty-five Dollars
Third Prize - . - - Tea Dollars
Fourth Prize - - Five Dollars
Faith Prize - - - - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - - - live Dollars
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all
subscriptions sent in for this prize competition.
For blanks, pamphlets, etc., apply to
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, Georgia
f Guarantee so Cure
.f&,ECZEMA(Wj
A STAY CURED!
W A it is aaso called SALT V
VkX/1 RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, Jr
/ TETTER, ITCH, WEEPiNC
J/lKf SKIN.ItoBLK CRUST, PRU-
RlTUS—these are different treats nothing
■tjvj names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing—ECZEMA. ■■■■■■■
II prove every word that I have said—l give to every sufferer n n Maa ■
A EDFS 1 TDIAI Re'.;\e Beyond Question!
F HEssEl ■HR Ini Li is a statement from the ■
Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for v, hire 7 rfnne B
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you hav /J vL J ° business
taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you an J ‘
disgusted, write to me—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREi ,
OF CHARGE, A TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings ret omTeriTArioHAc iT'oTo*.
to this statement. There is not one cent to pay—not a penny
accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do; I know ...X.V”.
that it will convince you more than anything else ozi earth that »ce*k>*.e».
you need my treatment. February llth, I9OS. I
Don’t Miss This Chance for a Cure To „ WT COBCBat;
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia oertlfiea that
cured one way—REMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr* Cannaday’® patients, from all
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By over the United States, have been
Cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money in thia bank
My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at ’hllo they tried hie treatment on
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take eczema. In all this time we have
treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN ?" n jailed upon but five times
needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 rot ’ urn the patients money,
—think of that I . . . Ons dled bes oro tb ®
What Eczema fs the «. it met ■
„ . ... J . a . „ . ... la transit; one paid cash for the
Eczema is a .disease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatment three days later after
body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet, genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one was not I
2SS SYMPTOMS.— Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may jaatlafled.
swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then -
i they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some - Z Al r
■MH the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; s person suffering will / (Ar. ‘V-'V’kj
MM scratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- 0 73 • ■
Ml inv comes in contact. .AT. JZ nr
Ten Years Guarantee fa
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay
cured IO YEARS! It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar
lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. I am the holder of a GOLD \ ;
MEDAL taken in Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
qualified? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men
ES of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients every- “
i where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS. I E M
9 MY BOOK ■
Is the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please send without cost to
many severe cases, which are extremely interesting. me prepaid Free trial treatment,
I send you names of thousands who have been also copy of your Free Book,
cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY yX Na " e ■
■ Sedalia, Mo.
Treatment and literature sent in plain wrapper. ' ,
PAGE FIFTEEN