PAGE SIX
FARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
MR. ALDRICH’S DANGEROUS CURRENCY
BILL.
The emergency currency bill, which is
fathered by Mr. Aldrich and which the Re
publican majority in the Senate will un
doubtedly support, is viewed with distrust by
many thoughtful men in all political parties.
Mr. Aldrich appears to think that his party
(in view of the recent panic) must not enter
the compaign without the appearance of hav
ing tried to do something to remedy the
defects in our financial structure —hence this
hastily prepared “emergency currency bill”
providing in brief for “an emergency bank
note currency based on State, municipal rail
way bonds, limited in aggregate amount to
half a billion dollars and taxed at the rate
of 6 per cent.” The most pungent criticism
of the bill that we have seen is that of the
Charlotte Observer: “Its tendency to create
emergencies would outweigh its possible use
fulness in relieving them.” If Wall Street
gamblers understand that they may take risks
and bring about panic conditions with the
assurance of government help when they go
too far, they will be ten times more reckless
than ever before. Let your boy skate on the
ice alone and he will be reasonably prudent;
put a life-saving force on the banks to
rescue him, and he will venture on such thin
ice as to imperil his own safety and that of
his benevolent rescuers as well.—Progressive
Farmer.
VARIETY TESTS OF COTTON AND CORN.
We are in receipt from Hon. Martin V.
Calvin, Director of the Georgia Experiment
Station, Experiment, Ga., of a copy of Cir
cular number 65 which is preliminary to the
regular Cotton and the Corn Bulletin for
1907, now in press.
The circular before us gives an interesting
summary of the rank won by the 26 varieties
of cotton and the 14 varieties of corn tested
at the Station last year.
In yield of seed cotton per acre, Cleve
land’s Big 801 l led with 1659 pounds; Lay
ton’s Improved, 1534 pounds; Russell’s Big
8011, 1534 pounds; Triumph, 1509 pounds,
and so on.
In bushels of shelled corn per acre, Stone’s
Flint led with 301 bushels; Cocke’s Prolific,
29.7 bushels; Marlboro, 28.9 bushels and
so on.
The circular gives further information as
to persons of whom seed may be obtained.
Write to the Director for the Circular men
tioned. We are informed that the Station’s
mailing list is being revised. If you wish
your name retained on the list or added to
the list, write a postal at once notifying the
Director of your wishes in the premises. The
bulletins of the Station are free to farmers
and the Directors will take pleasure in send
ing them to you if you ask for them. Write
your name and post-office plainly. Do this
now.
We have on our round table Bulletin 76,
which tells of results accomplished in fat-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tening Tennessee steers in Georgia. It is an
interesting publication.
Along with it comes, Circulars number
respectively 61, 62, 63 and 64. The first
gives a batch of interesting facts developed
in fattening hogs for lean, i. e., making pork
that will make a Ferris ham —not all fat. The
next order tells about the control of plant
maladies; the next about dehorning cattle;
the next, fruits adapted to Georgia soil and
conditions.
As stated, the regular cotton and corn bul
letins will soon be ready for distribution. Fol
lowing upon the heels of those bulletins will
come a carefully prepared bulletin on “The
Fig.” It will be illustrated an dwill prove
to be an invaluable and most timely pub
lication.
Observe this: The Station is engaged in
the important work of experimentation with
seeds, plants, etc., for the benefit of the
farmers. It is a work the farmers have not
time to attempt either individually or col
lectively. This work is being done with
funds supplied by the national government.
Beyond about S7OO a year for the actual ex
penses—no per diem —of 14 members of the
Board of Directors, which meets four times
a year, Georgia does not contribute a penny
to the support of the Station. Georgia ought to
give SIO,OOO a year to the Station and thus
enable it to enlarge the sphere of its action
and influence in the interest of advanced
agriculture.
Director Calvin would be glad to have
farmers’wives feel free to ask for bulletins
that may interest them. Let them feel at
perfect liberty to write for information on
poultry raising, the possibilities in floricul
ture, the things that will supply pin-money,
the things that will lend a charm to life in
the country.
WATSON NOT TO BLAME.
Our National Capital is certainly a very
magnificent city, and shows what ingenuity
of man will do, when somebody else is footing
the bill.
Kind reader if you were never in our
National Capital; you cannot understand what
a magnificent place it is.
The people, the unsuspecting people, the
confiding people, the law-abiding and pa
triotic people have patiently, unmurmuringly
and unknowingly footed the bills to build
this city in its magnificence, and the servants
of the people, the Congressmen and Senators
have quietly, unhesitatingly, and without the
slightest tinge of remorse voted the people’s
money to this or that, with the same quiet
deliberation that they would hand a way
worn traveler a cup of cold water from the
spring that rippled gently down the hillside,
the fountain of which was inexhaustible.
Walk about the Capitol, walk about the
city, see the magnificent buildings, see the
splendor, see the waste of the people’s money,
and then me-thinks you will say that Watson
was not to be blamed for leaving Washington
bitter against the Nation’s extravagance and
misuse of the people’s funds.
Walk to the Gallery of Congress, to the
Senate, and see the empty seats, notice the
indifference with which certain bills and laws
are passed. Notice the smallness of the
vote on questions that involve the interest
of a great Nation, and then you will say,
Watson was not to blame, for coming away
from Wasington with a feeling of resent
ment against the injustice done to the Ameri
can people by our National law-making body.
Look across the Senate from where you
are sitting. Do you see that old gentleman,
with his hairs gray and his voice trembling?
Well, he is making a speech to the Senate.
What, you say? Nobody is listening? Well,
what does he care? He does not expect to
influence the Senate, but he wants his speech
printed, because he wants to send it home to
be read by the boys, and make them believe
that he is trying to do something for them.
We are of the opinion that no patriotic, no
law-abiding, country-loving citizen, who be
lieves in equal rights to all, and special
privileges to none, could go and remain in
Washington one week during the sessions of
Congress, without leaving with a heavy heart,
and a down-cast spirit. You can see there
the statues of Washington, of Jefferson, of
Madison, of Lincoln; then you walk across
to the halls once occupied by them, and you
ask, oh, where are the principles for which
they fought ? and down deep in your heart you
will say Watson was not to blame for the
terrific attacks that he made on our National
law-making body.-—Union News
LEAVING THE FARM.
By Leonora Sheppard.
Much is being said and written about young
people leaving the farm, and, loving the coun
try with all my heart, it is a source of keen re
gret to me to note that the tendency of the
young generation is toward the towns and
cities.
Our fathers and mothers who grew to man
hood and womanhood during the terrible years
after the war, and who gained mental, moral
and physical strength from the struggle, pos
sessed few educational advantages. With laud
able purpose, as they have prospered, they
have striven to give their children opportuni
ties which they themselves never enjoyed. They
keep them in school, dress them handsomely,
provide fine turnouts, and as a result, the
youngsters discover that they are fitted to
shine anywhere but on the farm.
Consequently they migrate to town. The
boy surrenders the glorious freedom of an
independent farmer for the slavery of desk
and counter; the girl visits in town as much
as possible, tramps the streets and haunts the
stores, wasting her life in the pursuit of fash
ion and counting herself happy if she can on
ly whirl in the pitiful little social round.
With the fire and ambition of youth fast
leaving them, the old folks are left alone to