PAGE SIXTEEN
True Jeffersonians
ATTENTION!
We are working hard to reach
The One Hundred Thousand Mark
This year, and believe that
we may even pass it with
such splendid offers we are
able to make by arrange
ments we have with other
publishers.
DON'T MISS THIS:
Watson's Magazine, 12 months 1 t 0 one or
or | different
The Jeffersonian, 52 weeks \ addresses
with | . „
Farm Home Helper, 5 years J
The Fann Home Helper is
the only paper published and
edited by a woman in the
South for the farm homes. It
furnishes instructive and en
tertaining matter for every
member of the family.
We did not intend to make an
other new clubbing offer this sea
son, but know that our readers
will appreciate this one. Order
today-
THE JEFFS, Thomson, Ga.
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the Marvel of the Century,
B. B. B. —Tested for 30 Years.
Aching bones, swollen joints perma
nently cured through the blood with
pure Botanical ingredients. To prove
it we will send you a
SAMPLE TREATMENT FREE
If you have bone pains, sciatica or
shooting pains up and down the leg,
aching back or shoulder blades, swol
len joints or swollen muscles, difficulty
in moving around so you have to use
crutches; blood thin or skin pale; skin
itches and burns; shifting pains; bad
breath; lumbago, gout, take Botanic
Blood Balm (B. B. B.), "which will re
move every symptom, because B. B. B.
sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,
rich, pure blood direct to the paralyzed
nerves, bones and joints, giving warmth
and strength just where it is needed,
and in this way making a perfect, last
ing cure of Rheumatism in all its
forms.
B. B. B. has made thousands of cures
of rheumatism after all other medi
cines, liniments and doctors have failed
to help or cure. DRUGGISTS, or by
express, $1 PER LARGE BOTTLE, with
directions for home cure. SAMPLE
SENT FREE by writing Blood Balm
Co., Atlanta, Ga. Describe your trou
ble and free medical advice given.
m Common Herd
A New Religious-Political-Iconoclastic
Monthly Magazine
It is aggressive, independent, dif
ferent, fascinating, instructive, fear
less and attracting the attention of
reformers everywhere.
Its theological department is a
wonder. It pleases the progressive
and offends the creed-bound. Richard
Potts, a man until lately unknown,
is the curious editor. He is a radi
cal of the radicals and strikes
straight from the shoulder.
It is worth SIO.OO a year, but you
can get it each month for a year
for only $1.00; or six months for 5
dimes in stamps. Address
R. POTTS
155 S. Akard St. DALLAS, TEXAS
OUR RECORD
Os many years, handling the ship
ments for hundreds of the leading
growers in your State, is proof that
we are the proper house to represent
you on this market.
HEWITT & COMPANY
Fruit & Produce Commission Merchants
10 E. Camden St, Baltimore, Md.
OUR POST-CARD CLUB
(Concluded from Page 13)
WHAT IS IT?
Dear Daddy Jim: —Here I come
for the first time. I am a South
Georgia girl, thirteen years old, with
light hair, blue eyes and a fair com
plexion. My weight is 112 pounds.
I am in the seventh grade, and my
teacher’s name is Mrs. Saram Mc-
Whorter. Papa takes both the Jeffer
sonians, and likes them fine. I like
to read the Post-Card Club. I will
ask some riddles: What is it that a
rich man wants, a poor man has and
a blind man sees? The man that
made it didn’t want it, the man that
bought it wouldn’t have it, and the
man that got it didn’t know it. To
the one that answers these riddles I
will send a post-card, and would like
to receive one from Irene. Well, for
fear of the waste basket, I will close
with much love to the Post-Card
Club.—r Johnnie Clyde Humphrey,
Eastman, Ga.
QUESTIONS FROM ILLINOIS.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Would you let
a little Illinois girl join your happy
band? My papa is a Democrat and
Baptist. I wrote once, but guess my
letter reached the waste basket. If I
see this in print, I will come again. I
will answer Tom Watson Hearn’s Bi
ble question: The 119th Psalm is
the longest chapter in the Bible. The
answers to Myrtle Alien’s are: The
ark rested on Mount Ararat. The
King’s daughter found Moses in the
bulrushes. I will ask la Bible ques
tion: Where did Noah strike the first
nail on the ark? (Two questions are
omitted here on account of having
been printed before. —Daddy Jim.)
I will close for the time, with best
wishes to all.—Fern Donelly, Her
rick, 111., R. F. D. 2.
A LETTER WORTH READING.
Dear Daddy Jim: —In answer to
those questions you asked, I will an
swer: In the days when men wore
armor, each considered every man
his foe. He did not even raise the
visor of his helmet unless well guard
ed. But in the presence of ladies he
knew that he was safe, and so un
covered his head in their presence.
The custom of lifting hats to the la
dies is a relic of the old days of
chivalry, when a man raised his visor
in the presence of ladies, and the
present custom, like the old, is a
tribute to woman’s gentleness and
delicate honor and virtue. We shake
hands with the right hand, because
in the old days when men wore ar
mor they had their shield on the left
hand, so the right hand could be free
to fight, if necessary, or for any other
action. That old custom has left us
the right hand shake. The word
“Messrs”, is a contraction or corrup
tion of the French word “Messieurs”
which means “Misters”. The answer
to the riddle given by Rush Wilson,
is the moon. All our family enjoy
Mr. Watson’s writings, and are very
much interested in the Sunny South
Brotherhood and the work it pro
poses to do. lam twelve years old
and in the sixth grade at school. I
am a Dutch-Jew girl, born in Florida,
as were my parents. With love for
Daddy Jim, Katinka Meyer, Cocoa,
Fla.
(I am delighted to read and pub
lish this letter. It means much for
young folks to learn that the man
ners and customs of today have had
a definite growth, that history is a
live thing, not a valley of dead
bones; and, further, that we are all
of us, even the youngest, actually
and actively making history. Every
thought, word and act of yours and
mine is eternal, with a never-ceasing
influence on the future. Now tell me
where the word “Good-bye” came
from, and why the written letter L
has a tail. —Daddy Jim.)
WHO HAS MY BIRTHDAY?
Dear Daddy Jim:—Here I come
for my first time, so hope I will see
this in print. I go to school every
3effersonian
day, and am in the fourth grade. My
teacher’s name is Miss Addie Dalton.
I like her fine. I have about one and
a half miles to walk. lam ten years
old. Was ten on the third of March.
Which one of the boys or girls has
my birthday? My papa takes both
Jeffersonians and I like to read them
very much. Papa says when his pa
per doesn’t come he is awful lone
some. We all think Mr. Watson is a
great man, and hope he will live a
long time. Well, for fear this will
find the waste basket I will close.
With much love to Daddy Jim and the
cousins, Willie Bell Thompson, Met
ter, Ga., Rt. 1.
WILL SOON BEA FARMER.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Will you please
make room in your happy band for a
little farmer boy twelve years old?
My papa is a farmer. He does not
take The Jeffersonian, but I have
read some of the letters in it. Igo
to school every day I can. My teach
er’s name is Prof. M. D. Collins. I
think he is a good teacher and
preacher, too. I am in the fifth
grade. I have a goat, wagon and a
nice horse. I will soon be a farmer
right. lam not blessed with sister
or brother, like some children are.
I will write again, as this is my first
attempt. I will close with much love
to the children and Daddy Jim.—
Wyatt L. Rape, Byron, Ga.
AN ALABAMA BOY.
Dear Daddy Jim:—As I have writ
ten one letter and seen it in print, I
thought I would come again. Papa
and mamma have stopped me from
school, for fear I would take the
measles. You know, I wouldn’t like
that one bit, for I love to go to
school and get a perfect card every
day. I hope I can have a good edu
cation and be as great a man as Mr.
Watson. I will answer Janie Fu
tral’s riddle: a cow. Frank Stub
ble’s is a woman’s name. I will ex
pect a post-card from each one of
you. Who can answer this one? If
you can you will get a post-card: A
head and no nose, three legs and no
toes? For fear of the waste basket
I will ring off.—Remus Smith, Phil
campbell, Ala.
ONE OF OUR AGENTS.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l am a little
boy, nine years old, and am going to
school every day. lam in the fourth
grade. I like all my studeis very
much, and especially history. lam
agent for Watson’s Magazine and
Jeffersonian. I have three little
brothers, and we have a fine time
dl TRY FOR IT, SURE!
P g gr J& HI Nothing Hard, but Calls for Some Smartness and
Skill. It Means 8250 in Gold for You or Someone.
This Is not a music offer—just a puzzle—a brand new one— interesting whether you know music or not. $250 Reward
for working it. Are you smart enough to find out what sentence this diagram makes ? You can consult books or musicians snd get your
friends to help you, but perhaps you are shrewd enough to read the sentence yourself. Just try it and see. Someone wiH get the
$250; WHY NOT YOU? The given notes, when correctly read, make a sentence, which we will pay you to work out The
notes run asiu music—those on ths LINES are E, G, B, D, F; those in the SPACES are F, A, C, E, as shown by the letters
ateachendof diagram, to be read from left F-wrOtf H— l . r-
to right as in ordinary print. Thus the first D-J-A-, I W* —I .I W I I I l£ n
four notes make the word “AGED.” What fir/ -J — -J h J W — K. r
is the rest of the sentence? The (UP J —| > J | SfJJ I 22L -g..1.. lgg
$250 prize will surely be paid without E ‘J 1 <P ‘ $1 I <* ' I jl lEq
quibble or fail, and if you have any use for money you should not pass this by; you might just as well win the enld nrize
weekFv t the n p a thfinrf2r t .*“77 7" and .T* 1 Uto " 8 ‘ od “y with 50 ' rents f6r 6 month's subscription to oi*°ig i?lu’rated
other nZi.™ <, * r L.V g 7 ° f news a ‘J*oine and abroad; non-nartisian, reliable; more real meat in it than in any dozen
proinpUvTniTfairlv SUCCBBS - 4 W , e .- have P aid out man - v hundreds of dollars in prizes; our awards are always made
and vouwm Ml Ht anSWer t 0 . th ’ B P uzile ODce ’ inclosing 50 cents for the PATHFINDER weekly for 26 weeks
~ tinve *' ne»t you ever made. Contest closes June 27, 1910; prizes paid and winners’ names published at once.
T®™®*®** PhJmTo. Cor r ect l y reads the puzzle we will pay $250 in cash. If there should be more than one correct
newer we will divide the prize equally among the tying contestants; every correct answer gets a cash prize. You mustn’t miss this
50 cents and CASH PRIZE if reading is correct. Don’t delay; this ad will not appear again. 50 Cents Brings
Paper 26 Weeks and Correct Answer Secures Prize Money. Address The Pathfinder, Box 48 , Washington, D. c"
1- —■- ■ 11 i . L... —— —————
WE DO JOB WORK I
ENVELOPES,
LETTER HEADS,
BILL HEADS,
CIRCULARS,
PAMPHLETS.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
playing with our goat. I enjoy read
ing the little boys’ and girls’ letters
to Daddy Jim. I want to ask the
riddle: What is it that goes to water
and won’t drink, and goes to grass
and won’t eat?—Weyman White,
Sylvania, Ga.
CLAIMS THE VICTORY.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Will you allow
me to join your Post-Card Club? I
am fourteen years old, and go to
school almost every day. Papa takes
your- papers, and gave me the knife
which he received with them. You
bet I am proud of it, too. I am in
favor of the way Mr. Watson thinks
of Foreign Missions and I have been
criticised severely by some, and have
challenged them to debate, but they
refused because I was a child, so I
claim the victory. I will answer one
of Mattie Burke’s riddles: There was
one man whose name was Each, and
he took a pear, and there remained
eleven more. Hoping this will es
cape the waste basket, I remain,
Oscar Kincaid, Pine Park, Ga.
QUITE SURE IT WON’T.
Dear Daddy Jim: —If it would not
be asking too much of you, would
you please let a little girl from South
Georgia join your jolly band? I have
gray eyes, dark hair, and weigh one
hundred and nine pounds. My father
takes The Jeffersonian, and thinks it
is a fine paper. I will ask a riddle:
Horn eat a horn in a high oak tree,
unriddle this riddle and you may
hang me. If this escapes the waste
basket, which I am quite sure it
won’t, I will come again. With best
wishes to The Jeffersonian, your lit
tle new friend, Annie Lou Childs,
Sycamore, Ga., Rt. 2.
PRIMITIVE BAPTIST
Martin, Tenn.
“I had a curiosity to see
whether the Primitive Baptist
was as unfair, hide-bound, ar
rogant and abusive as the pa
pers run by missionary fa
natics. ... To my agreeable
surprise I found that the
whole build and spirit of the
paper was up to my ideal of a
Christian paper. ... In choos
ing your religious reading,
you might give the Primitive
Baptist a trial, even though
you are not of that faith and
order. You’ll get some really
religious literature, if you
do.”—Thos. E. Watson in The
Jeffersonian of February 17,
1910.
THE JEFFERSONIAN 52 weeks
or WATSON’S MAGAZINE 12
monthssl.oo
PRIMITIVE BAPTISTI.2S
$2.25
OUR PRICE FOR ROTH $1.75.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.