made; and Toombs, because he had got his
money back.
The next time Henry launched into jour
nalism, he had a balance-wheel attachment, in
the shape of Evan Howell, one of the really
able men who bossed Georgia politics so long
after Reconstruction days. When Grady
died, old man Everybody (who always thinks
’he knows it all) prophesied that the Consti
tution would soon follow suit. Grady him
self had mournfully predicted that there
would be. no one in the Constitution family
to take his place. But the man who thinks
himself indispensable to the world, flatters
himself fulsomely.
Clark Howell concentrated his whole soul
on the paper; and, barring Grady’s flashing,
sensational special articles, the Constitution
is better, in every way. than it used to be.
And Clark Howell is a clever fellow, too.
We fall out and scrap briskly and noisily,
every once in awhile; but, after it’s all over,
we shake hands, laugh about it, and settle
down to friendly ways again.
It was Clark who put me on to those new
rules of the Hoke Smith Committee, in the
spring of 1908. The country counties were
to be quietly put under the feet of our big
cities, just as the bosses of St, Louis and
Kansas City have reduced the country coun
ties of Missouri to political nullity. Clark
sent me the facts while I was in Florida, and
immediately The Jeffersonian began to
“lumber”.
By the time Clark and the rest of us had
got warmed up good, Mr. New Rules was
“ong root” for Salt River.
The Georgian is our youngest paper. It
must have taken a pot of gold to put it into
the Big class, so soon. Already it has done
splendid reform work. Its war on the Con
vict horrors, on the Stockade infamies, etc.,
entitle it to the gratitude of the entire State.
Mr. Seely has proved himself to be a strong
man, and a man of deep convictions.
And now listen, while I tell you something
that is to go no further: The Jeffs have
in the field but three years, and they’ve
/much to contend with, but their circulation
is almost as large as that of the Georgian;
and they are climbing like a pair of cat-squir
rels.
Before the year is out, I confidently expect
them to reach 100,000.
Then, the namesakes and I are off for that
trip to the Yellow-stone Park.
Vice-President Bodenhamer
When the Farmers’ Union leaders were
urging me to accept the Presidency of the
National Farmers’ Co-operative and Educa
tional Union, they told me that I would have
to resign from the directorate of our local
State Bank. Greatly tempted to take advan
tage of what seemed to be an opportunity to
do good work for the farmers, I actually
handed in my resignation. Further reflection
convinced me that my acceptance of the office
aforesaid would embarrass the Union, and I
finally said “No,” to the overtures.
But here is a pretty kettle of fish: they
allow Bodenhamer to remain, as one of the
Large Ikes at Union City, when he unites in
his own well-groomed person the attributes
of a city printer and a country banker —for
Bode is one of the of Mr.
John D. Walker’s bank at Union City.
Funny, isn't it? The Constitution of the
Farmers’ Union doesn't seem to amount to
much between such friends as Bode. Duck,
Lee and Ladson. Didn’t John Lee have to
take a solemn oath to uphold the Constitu
tion of his organization? Is he doing it,
when he allows a city printer and bank officer
to continue to be a member of the Union?
I wonder how much money Bode put into
that bank. In 1908, he certainly did not seem
to have any wherewith to start into the
money-lending business. Must have made
something out of the Percheron stud-horse.
G>be Jeffersonian
They say that John Lee (who lived en
tirely too many years in Boston, Massachu
setts,) is going to call another secret confer
ence. Needs a second coat of whitewash,
probably. Sometimes a whitewash peels off,
sudden like—as it did when Taft white
washed that stealthy scoundrel, Ballinger.
— >
The Lay of the Man
Let my lady gird my armor on, if she will:
let her put her favor on my helmet: lef her
bring me the golden spurs, and buckle on my
sword—that is all that she may do, save to
think of me when I am gone.
, Into the melee, I will not let her ride: that
part is mine, alone. Her little white hands
were never meant to hew with battle-axe, or
hold the lance in rest. Her sweet voice was
never meant to shout the onset, or roar with
the rage of combat. Those tender arms were
never fashioned for the grim bear-hug of war.
Those dainty feet were never shaped to strike
spur to flank of war-horse, or tread the wine
press of battle.
No, no: mine, MINE to take the soldier’s
arduous task: mine, the scaling of beleaguer
ed wall: mine to raise the battle cry and
press into the thick of the fight. As t come
home on my shield, let my lady weep for me,
and cherish my memory: if with my shield,
let her pour balm into my wounds, and re
ward me with her eyes and lips and arms.
A Little More of Little Ellis
Our amusing friend, W. T. Ellis, is reso
lutely determined to be seen, heard and
laughed at. Some folks are built just that
way. And when that is what they want, they
“most ingenerally” get it.
The United States Government brings me
the following letter from our Pennsylvania
Loud Racket:
Mr. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: —It takes a long time, ap
parently, for the echoes of your trumpet to reach
this far North. Somebody has just sent me a clip
ping from a Macon newspaper, of the date of
January 30, containing your statements concern
ing the speech I made at Macon on January 21st.
I am amazed at your persistence in that Siegal
slander. In all friendliness, I -want to advise you
to get hold of some facts that will stand testing,
for I am coming South again.
As to the statement which you repeat and
dwell upon, with fine scholarly exactitude and re
straint, that I have misrepresented the matter of
your book and my interview with Mr. Bryan, I
wrote to you from Macon, as soon as I got hold
of a copy of your paper and learned of the mis
take in date I had made, freely admitting that it
was several years after your candidacy that I saw
Mr. Bryan and mentioned the little book to him.
I sent you this letter for publication. I assume
that you published it.
I know no way of ever getting to see a copy of
your Jeffersonian except by subscribing for it for
three months. Nobody down South that I cor
respond with seems to be able to get hold of a
copy. I have not seen an issue since I was South,
although I have repeatedly written for it; so I
enclose fifty cents, which I trust will pay my sub
scription for three months. Then I shall, in my
idle moments, afford myself the diversion of fol
lowing your utterances upon this missionary
question.
May I enclose, for your edification, a copy of
an editorial from the New York Independent and
another from this week’s Interior of Chicago?
Sincerely yours, WM. T. ELLIS.
Sw’arthmore, Pennsylvania.
(1) “I am coming South again". Well,
that’s all right. Ellis. There is no law “agin
it”, so far as I know. If the missionaries can
stand it, I can. We can put up with lots,
down here. We gave General Sherman an
ovation in the city which he sacked and
burned: we went wild over Shafter and Mc-
Kinley : we make a parlor pet of old John D.:
we thankfully listen to IT. C. Frick, when the
Steel Trust magnate tells us. in effect, to work
more and talk less. So, come along, Ellis:
and abuse Watson, again. It does the mis
sionaries a world of good, and me no harm.
(2) What do you mean by “Siegal Slan
der”? I suppose you refer to poor Elsie Sie-
gel, who was ruined, and then choked to death
by her Chinese “converts”.
I have the New York papers which pub
lished all the facts, the day after her body
was found in the trunk. Her own family
stated that her father had strongly opposed
her answering "the call” to devote herself to
missionary work among the Chinese. Her
uncle had taken the same position. But the
girl’s mother was as foolish as her daughter,
and the women had their way. Elsie went to
work instructing and converting young Chi
namen., who pretended to be interested in the
Christian religion, in order to get the chance
to seduce the girl.
All the New York papers put her down as
one of the missionaries. None of the preach
ers who made statements denied that she was
a missionary. Dr. McArthur's interview in
the New York TJYrZtZ would be meaningless
if Elsie Siegel had not been a missionary. So
would the statements of Rev. Asa Blackburn,
and the other ministers who spoke out, de
nouncing the system which had brought poor
Elsie to her ruin, and tragic death.
When Dr. Paul Wakefield lectured in
Crawfordsville, last June, his references to
the case of Elsie were based upon the fact
that she was a missionary. He declared that
“we missionaries” had long known of the
perils to the white girls which individual in
struction of Chinamen involved; and, there
fore, “UY missionaries were not at all sur
prised to learn of Elsie Siegels tragic fate.”
Not until Dr. Taylor sent me a marked re
port of that awful admission, and I began to
use it against the fanatics, did they deny that
Elsie was a missionary. The denial is as in
famous as their concealment of the dangers
into which they sent innocent, unwarned,
white girls.
And at least one disgusted and despairing
missionary confesses that there are Elsie Sie
gel cases in China. Who can doubt it?
Mrs. Florence Todd discussed the New
York girl's case, and so did Miss Helen Clark:
neither denied that she owed her fall to her
mission work. Miss Clark spoke of the
“ruined homes” that she had seen, all around
her. as the result of such mission work as
Elsie had been doing. She had not known of
murders like that, but of consequences mor
ally as bad.
Now as the reckless, flippant Ellis is com
ing South again, I suggest that he cross over
to New’ York, and get an affidavit from Elsie
Siegel's mother, aunt and uncle that she was
not a missionary. (Her father has recently
died.)
(3) “Mistake in date.*’ Oh, no: there w’as
no question of dates, but of facts. You said
that “in that campaign”, wherein I was Peer
less’ running-mate, you advised him to read
my “Jefferson". No date was given, Wil
liam. You merely put together two events
that were some years apart. I don't wonder
that you worry over it—you whose job it is
to annihilate my facts.
Oh. yes. I published it Willyum.
You evidently thought we’d be afraid to, but
we weren’t. We Jeffs don't mind giving the
other side an airing. It’s your missionary
papers that w’on't let the other side come in,
and defend itself.
(4) His subscription. Yes. we got your
stamps, Ellis. We will let you have the pa
per six months, instead of three. Can't let
von waste your money paying double fare.
Will try to write so as to please and edify
you, William.
(5) His clippings. Only one was in the
envelope when it got to me, Ellis. Sorry to
have missed the other. Appreciate your
Christian kindness in sending this one:
“Tom Watson, the bumptious Georgia poli
tician, who in curious self-deception imagines he
is a statesman, dropped politics long enough late
ly to devote a day or two to ‘knocking’ missions.
The result was that some indignant business men
of Atlanta who believe in missions sent Watson a
(continued on PAGE TW’ELVE)
PAGE NINE