PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
THE RAILROADS AND THEIR PANIC.
The thirteen leading railroad companies of
this eountry showed a gain of $54,000,000 in
passenger and freight revenues for the last
six months of 1907 over the same period of
1906. During the panic months of October,
November and December the freight revenues
of these systems were $259,000,000, a decrease
of only $5,000,000 from the previous quarter,
while the income during November was larger
than that of either July or September.
These facts, made public by the Interstate
Commerce Commission, are filled with mean
ing for every thoughtful citizen. These rail
roads whose net income from operation in
1907 was $14,000,000 more than in 1906, des
pite large increases in wages, are the same
ones whose managers all the while were
shrieking calamity, disaster, dividend cutting,
panic and bankruptcy unless Roosevelt and
all rate laws were abolished.
It was these men whose works and words
did much to bring about industrial and com
mercial distress in this eountry. And now
that they have done their worst, the simple
fact is disclosed by the books of their own
companies that the prosperity of the nation
is so great and so firmly founded that the
blow they gave business over the heart never
really cheeked its flow through the great
arteries.
Undoubtedly the next report of quarterly
earnings is likely to show a decrease. But
the astonishing statistics of increase we have
quoted guarantee that the decrease will not
signify any material impairment of railroad
or general prosperity.
The panic makers are proved to have been
falsifiers. Their motives were mixed. But
we are inclined to credit them with a portion
of sincerity. We believe that they really saw
disaster in their inability to unload upon the
country more flotations of bonds and stocks.
They had devised a practice of making mil
lions in a day out of nothing by their method
of syndicate underwriting. When for no con
sideration they pocketed $5,000,000 out of a
$50,000,000 issue of securities it seemed to
them neat and clean and thoroughly legiti
mate money-making.
It seemed to them impossible that any
agency was strong enough to interrupt their
profitable scheme. And when the country,
gorged with their issues and awakened to
their practices by the Roosevelt policies, cried
out 11 Enough!” the crippling of their Wall
street methods was synonymous to them with
disaster to the commerce of the entire coun
try.
This report merely emphasizes our oft-re
peated contention that the recent panic was
an unjustified and inexcusable Wall street
creation. —North American.
Ants are grt*at architects. They have arch
es and domes in which to live, and in some
countries there are species which have tun
nels as much as three miles long.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
CHAIRMAN FERRIES SUMS UP.
This is the last number of The News many
will receive before starting for the conven
tion. All is well. All things considered, the
piospect could nob look better. We know
there will be a large attendance; the old
Populist platform brought up to date, a noble
candidate, and we hope a rattling good com
mittee and a better organization.
We made no mistake in naming an early
date. It will be an inspiring meeting—it will
be a success in character.
While other radicals have been drooping
their banner first this way and that, the Pop
ulist standard has been carried with more
strength and courage at every step since the
call.
The Americans love spirit, grit and snap.
The world loves these, and with our platform
and candidates early in the field they will
receive more of that candid consideration
that they need and deserve.
A party creeping along in the footsteps of
another, to pick up the crumbs, finding fault
with that which was taken, accepting that
which is left, is a party of no spirit—no en
thusiasm —commands no admiration from
others.
We are pleased to have others think well
of us. We expect to think well of ourselves,
and what we do at St. Louis will be done of
our own notion. It will not be done to slam
other parties.
If the other parties shall put up a ticket
and a platform so good, and back it up with a
committee giving the voters that confidence
which may take our votes away, Heaven bless
’em. But they can not say out party put up
a ticket, again, merely to help the other
fellow.
Thrice is he aimed who hath his quarrel
just. Double plated his armor who gets his
lick in first. That is why our party has grown
so nicely this far in 1908. —News, Joliet, 111.
CAPT. R. H. MILLEDGE.
The Jeffersonian has long known Capt. Mil
ledge, and esteems him as a gentleman of the
finest type. We should rejoice in his success
as candidate for Prison Commissioner. We
endorse fully the following extract from the
Savannah Press:
The Prison Commissioner.
“Among those spoken of for the position of
Prison Commissioner is Mr. Richard H. Mil
ledge, member of a well-known Georgia fam
ily. He is a grandson of the great governor
and United States senator of that name, who
was born in Savannah in 1757. The elder Mil
ledge was one of those who rifled the British
powder magazine in Savannah and shipped
some of the ammunition to Boston, where it
•was used in the battle of Bunker Hill. He
presented to the State over 600 acres of land
upon which the State University is located.
He wee a leader in his opposition to the Yazoo
fraud. Milledgeville was named for him, but
Georgia has never sufficiently honored his
memory or acknowledged its great indebted
ness to Governor John Milledge.
i 1 The family lived near Augusta in the early
part of the last century and Captain Milledge
is one of that household, the only surviving
one. He is a brother of the late John Mil
ledge, the gallant soldier, who died in Atlanta
while assistant librarion of the State. Mr.
Dick Milledge is a popular capable man and
his friends would be glad to see him elevated
to any position in the State where his father
served so illustriously and to which the fam
ily has contributed in reputation and in for
tune.”
HOME MERCHANT AND UNIONISM.
There are two very important questions to
be considered when deciding whether we will
order goods from a distance or patronize the
home merchant.
One of these questions is, Where will we
find union made goods'? The oilier is Does the
home merchant protect the home farmer, and
especially the organized farmer? If our home
merchant carries goods with the union label
on them and the catalogue house does not,
that is a very strong argument in favor of
trading with him. Also, if he vtfill take pains
to get his supply of farm products from
nearby farmers, and especially from union
farmers instead of buying them in car-load
lots from the city speculator, this is a big
point in his favor. —Union Farmer.
THE NECESSITY OF A NATIONAL
PARTY.
It is a paradox that a local party can be a
national party. It is impossible except
through the local party conquering all opposi
tion and thereby becoming the national force.
The political history of the United States is
the history of the failure or success of local
or sectional ideas in conquering the general
national impulse.
This is a nation. Its progress can be deter
mined only as the uplift of the greatest of all
nationalities. Nothing short of that! America
can not go forward as .second to any other
nation. It is imperative, in the impulse of its
tremendous being, that it should be first, if
not in the volume of any certain triumph at
least in the spirit of it.
For many years, until driven to it by the
necessity of the Spanish war, the Republican
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
Jeffersonian Bible
Weekly Jeffersonian and Bible - $1.50
Monthly “ “ « . 2.00
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.