PAGE EIGHT
Cl)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Intend at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga.,January 11. 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., MAY la, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
Mr. Watson at Eufaula.
On the 25th of this month Mr. Watson will
lecture for the Chautauqua at Eufaula, Alaba
ma, in the forenoon.
n *
fyb. Norton Again.
The following letter blew in upon us re
cently :
“Ellaville, Ga., April 26, 1909.
“Hon. fhos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I here is before me on my desk
an affidavit and other papers from members
of the Roberts family proving clearly every
thing that I have said about you and even
more.
“Will you allow me space in your paper to
reply to your last card?
“Most respectfully,
(Signed) “C. A. Norton.”
In reply to this, we invited Mr. Norton to
come along with his papers, promising to pub
lish them. What he sends will be found else
where in this issue.
Now, let _us go back a little: what was ft
that Norton charged against me?
In substance, he said that, in collusion with
cx-Governor McDaniel, I had robbed the Alli
son heirs of an estate of $90,000!
Over his signature, Mr. Norton published
in our paper of April 15, the positive state
ments, —
(1) That Allison left an estate of $90,000,
mostly in money;
(2) That McDaniel, later Governor of Geor-
gia. was Executor of the estate;
(3) That, after a legacy of $15,000 was paid
to Greene county for educational pur
poses, the remainder -of the $90,000
went to Mrs. Starke, whose daughter
afterwards married Roberts;
(4) That Roberts turned over to Watson a
paper or deed “representing the es
tate” ;
(5) That Watson's loss of this paper caused
the loss of the estate. Norton had
told Pilcher that the Court-house was
burned and the records destroyed;
and
(6) That Watson and McDaniel built fine
houses, soon afterwards, —presum-
ably on the $75,000 stolen from the
children of Roberts, grand-children of
the former Mrs. Starke.
Now, here was a damning indictment. How
any man of common-sense could so arraign a
fellow citizen, without having the evidence to
sustain the charges, I can not understand.
The readers of the Jeffersonian will remem
ber how the charges were met. It was
shown, —
(t) That the Allison estate consisted mainly
of negroes, who were freed by the
■£>!)«■ Jeffersonian
war, and of notes which could not be
collected;
(2) That I was a school-boy at the time the
• Supreme Court made the decision
which gave the estate to Greene
.county for educational purposes;
(3) 'That after this decision (1872) there
wasn’t a dollar that Mrs. Starke or her
children could have got;
(4) That McDaniel was never the Executor,
and that Watson never was in posses
sion of any part of the estate;
(5) That the Court-house had never been
burned, nor the records destroyed;
and that a copy of any paper, lost by
anybody interested in the estate,
could have been secured at any time
from the Ordinary of Greene county;
(6) That after the Supreme Court decided
against the Allisons, there was noth
ing that any lawyer could do for
them; and that, therefore, any papers,
deeds, copy of will, etc., were utterly
with out value.
Would you not have supposed that this
showing, from the records, would have con
vinced Norton that his charges were un
founded ?
What think you of the man who, in the face
of such counter-showing as was made in this
case, would write to me that he had the evi
dence to prove all he had said against me, and
even more?
Now turn to his pitiful letter, printed on an
other page, and then study his “affidavit and
other papers, proving clearly everything that
1 have said about you, and even more.”
What is his evidence? An affidavit of Mrs.
Maggie Lambert (who lives in Texas), grand
daughter of Mrs. Starke.
Tn Norton’s letter he had said that the
$15,000 of the estate was left by a “Mr. Allison
and his widow, Mrs. Starke,” to educational
purposes, the remainder to Mrs. Starke and her
heirs. This was confusing enough, we should
think. Especially was it bewildering when we
discovered that this Mr. Allison was an old
bachelor.
But Mrs. Maggie Lambert clears that part
of it up. She says that her grandmother was
the daughter of one of Gwyn Allison’s broth
ers !
Oh, indeed! Phen that big estate is get
ting away back yonder, sure enough. Here
we have great-grandchildren accusing folks
of gobbling the estate of a great-grandfather’s
brother!
Well! Well! And Norton pleads as his
excuse that he has been hearing of this for
sixteen years. Yet, Norton thought the for
tune came to his wife and Maggie Lambert
through “Allison and his widow, Mrs. Starke.”
Now. let’s turn from Norton and listen to
what Mrs. Lambert "says. In her affidavit.
Mrs. Lambert swears that, according to her
understanding, Watson lost Gwyn Allison’s
will.
BUT THE WILL HAS NEVER BEEN
LOST!
It is in the Ordinary’s office, at Greensboro;
ard Norton could have got a copy any day, by
simply writing to the Ordinary. If he were
not such an ignoranffman he would know that
the Executor of Allison had to carry the will
to the Ordinary’s office and that it was the
Ordinary’s duty to keep it there, and put it on
record. This he did. in September, 1865.
Mrs. Maggie Lambert makes the same mis
take that Norton (who married one of the
Roberts girls, a sister of Mrs. Lambert) made
about McDaniel, whom she accuses of
holding possession of the estate and re
fusing to come to a settlement. Mc-
Daniel never had possession of the Allison
estate, and was not the man to make any set
tlement. ♦
So much for the “affidavit before me on my
desk.”
Now for the “other papers from members
of the Roberts family proving clearly every
thing that I have said about you, and even
more.”
These “other papers,” which are not pro
duced, turn out to be statements which Norton
claims were made in letters to him by the same
Mrs. Maggie A. Lambert. Is Mrs. Lam
bert more than one member of the Roberts
family? Why call her “members”?
The letters which Norton alleges he got
from Mrs. Lambert make a different statement
about the paper that Watson is alleged to have
lost. When she was making the affidavit, she
thought it was Allison’s will. When she
wrote these “other papers,” it was a deed.
Mrs. Lambert says that it was in 1876, and
that 1 told her father, Mr. Jack Roberts, that
I would get the money in a few weeks. What
money? Why that $75,000 of Gwyn Allison’s
estate, —the amount Norton said was left after
paying the Greene County legacy of $20,000.
Now listen: when I received that astound
ing letter from Norton, in which he said that
he was prepared to prove that I had stolen the
Allison estate, I got quite interested. I at
once applied to the Ordinary of Greene County
for a transcript of the official records to show
what went with the Gwyn Allison estate.
Judge Columbus Heard was also requested to
get busy, and report.
After an interval of one day, I received just
what was wanted. The Ordinary, Hon. J. H.
McWhorter, wrote me the courteous letter
which will be found elsewhere. He also sent
a copy of Allison’s will, a copy of the Inven
tory and Appraisement of the estate; a return
of the sales; and a copy of the proceedings
dismissing James L. Brown, the Administrator
de bonis, UPON THE GROUND THAT HE
HAD FULLY ADMINISTERED ALL THE
ASSETS, ACCORDING TO THE WILL.
The will is dated April 29. 1865. It was
probated in common form September 4th, 1865,
and recorded the next day.
brom that day to this, anybody who needed
a copy could have written or gone, or sent to
Greensboro and got it.
The land was sold for SI,OOO. This bears
out Judge Heard’s wonderful memory.
The appraisement of the estate
\ footed up 521,634.77
Besides, there was in gold 496.75
Besides, there was in gold 284.95
I here was a lot of bank currency (State
bank money), and Confederate money and
bonds.
The gross value of the estate was only
$33,628.82 —after counting the Confederate
money, the worthless bonds, and the worth
less bank notes.
Ihe return of the Inventory' and zXppraise
ment was made in January. [866. by William
St lain, the Executor. The Executor died,
after having paid out several thousand dollars
on the legacies. To succeed Strain, James L.
Brown was appointed Administrator de
and his Inventory showed the estate, at that
time, to consist of
Greenbackss47s.oo
490.00
"-^ ver 227.00
and a lot of old executions against various
parties whose notes had been sued to iudg--
ment. J 6
brom these claims not enough could be col
lected to pay off the legacy of $20,000 to
Greene County. Greene County would have
been entitled to some $15,000 more than the
estate panned out, and all the other legacies
bequeathed in the will would have been enti
tled to satisfaction in full before the Allison
heirs could have got a cent. And even count
ing up the assets at their nominal face value,
—Confederate money and bonds and all—
there was not enough in the estate to have
paid the expenses of administration and the
egacies. Under no possible circumstances,