PAGE TWELVE
CAVEAT EMPTOR AND THE PAR
CELS POST.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
eat Emptor” contemplates an early and
complete separation, so that the wrath of
the worsted may have time to cool before
the traders meet again.
How ludicrous, though, is our “Caveat
Emptor” applied to the ordinary lines of
business, among a supposedly civilized
and settled people. The personal inves
tigation as made, generally consists in
the customer’s dismissing his own com
monsense for the time being and ridicu
lously asking the merchant to assure him
—almost pathetically entreating the mer
chant to tell him —that the $lO article is
just as fine and durable as the one at $25!
Happily, it is true, however, that the main
mass of people know what they can af
ford to spend and require of the dealer
nothing save an honest equivalent for the
investment. This he must give if he re
tain credit and custom. In point of fact,
many of those who claim to have been
deceived were hi truth trying to get from
the merchant a commodity at less than it
was worth.
If vou ask for a spool of black silk at
10 cents, you will do doubt get it. But
if you are misled by your own greed mto
getting some shiny-looking mercerized
material at 5 cents, you will rue the ex
pertinent when the stitches turn grey and
the garment, as a result, looks dingy and
cheap. It is the fierce and unreasoning
zest for bargains which is the main basis
of such frauds. If you don’t get what
you honestly pay for, the law will give
redress; but the courts will never, never,
commiserate you much because your imi
tation Panama melted miserably into
your credulous ears at the first shower.
Specialization has been carried so far
that few of us are able intelligently to
judge of the goods placed before us for
inspection. We must perforce rely upon
the knowledge and integrity of the seller.
While the price of everything—and par
ticularly every manufactured product —is
certainly ruinously high, relative prices
are certainlv based upon relative values,
which a catalog, is admirably adapted to
explain.
In short, it is a vicious waste of time
to retain the haphazard shopping methods
which must prevail without the inter
vention of the Parcels Post. Spending
is just as essential as earning, and the
American people have a right to the most
economical and convenient means pos
sible to do their trading. Our city de
partment stores are little better than ori
ental bazaars, so bewildering and so'tedi
ous that the average housemother simply
dreads the seasons when she must go
down into them and make her necessary
purchases. The Parcels Post would in
finitely aid the city merchant to serve his
customers with convenience and dispatch.
It would relieve over-burdened salesmen
and women of much wearisome detail.
As for the country merchant, who often
unwisely condemns the Parcels Post, it
would enable him to do business contin-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
uously, no matter how stormy the weath
er, or how bad the roads. Perishable
goods which he could sell at a profit if
delivery were easy, either rot or petrify
under the long periods of cold or rain.
People, of course, are not going to mail
orders to New York or Chicago for
things they can get better and fresher
five miles away. But people are going
to do without the little comforts of life
and many of the real necessities, so long
as it takes half a day to go after them.
Wh*at chance has the farmer to go after
the articles he can manage to do without,
when he is busy and his horses all needed
in the fields? It would not hurt the
country merchant to be made to ginger
up a little, anyhow. Instead of carrying
a wearisome monotony of staples, as now,
he would begin to discover that the world
moved.
It is a positive insult that our country
people Should be made into caricatures
of their city cousins, simply because the
“rural trade” is supposed by ignorant sup
ply houses, to want nothing but ill-made
clothing, cheap, conventional furnishings,
barbarous chromos and libraries consist
ing of one hymn book and St. Elmo. The
country trade is taking what is being
choked down their throats, and being de
prived of much that makes for physical
comfort and mental uplift, simply because
the government continues to yield to the
rapacity of the Express Companies.
* H H
Kirkwood, Ga., July 10, 1908.
Dear Tom: I must write you a line to say
I heard gladly your “heart to heart talk” on
the 9th inst., and read with deep interest the
full report in The Constitution of your address
last night.
I would hail as the biggest event in the South
since the Civil war and the greatest blessing
the whole country has had in a half century
your election to the Presidency of the United
States. God grant it may come to pass.
And let me add, your ambition “to restore
the South to her old position of influence in
the Union” is to my mind the most laudable
that can move the heart of any patriot in our
dear Southland.
It seems to me verily a God-given inspira
tion and I believe if any man can achieve its
accomplishment our own Tom Watson is the
man. Sincerely,
B. M. ZETTLER.
(Editorial Note. —Prof. B. M. Zettler
was School Commissioner of Bibb
County when Mr. Watson was a mem
ber of the Freshman Class in Mercer
University. When the summer vacation
of 1873 was taken, Mr. Watson applied
to Prof. Zettler for a three-months’
school, and got it. In this way, was
earned the first $l5O he ever made. With
this sudden accession of wealth, he was
enabled to complete the Sophomore term.
That was as far as he could go —for
while he hoped to be able to return to
college, he was never able to do so. Mr.
Watson has always held Prof. Zettler in
grateful and is proud of a
friendship so enduring.)
Prominent Citizen of Atlanta
Gives High Praise to Chartier
Shortband Writer.
Bagwell Business College, Georgia’s Leading
Business Training School, Enrolls Fifty
New Pupils in June.
Not only does the Chartier system of short
hand save time, money, and labor, but it
makes a much better stenographer than the
old-line systems. The splendid success of
the graduates of Bagwell Business College has
clearly demonstrated this fact time and time
again.
Dr. R. F. Ingram, candidate for council from
the Second ward, writes voluntarily in behalf
of the efficiency of a nine weeks’ Chartier
pupil.
“Prof. J. O. Bagwell, Atlanta, Ga.
“Dear Sir: In my campaign for council I
have had occasion for quite a lot of steno
graphic work. It was my good fortune to
secure in this capacity the services of Miss
Mary Kimbrough, one of your recent graduates.
, '/J
V A,' V ■' ♦< •>' 7
T/*' -- A' xSc
W , -"7
X- '- ’ * /'
x
MISS MARY KIMBROUGH.
Stenographer and touch typist after nine
weeks’ study Chartier Shorthand.
“Her efficiency and speed certainly reflect
credit upon your institution. I am glad to offer
this expression of satisfaction over her good
work for me, and over the thorough training
she has received at your hands.
“Very truly yours,
“R. F. INGRAM, D.D.S.”
Positions Secured.
Bagwell Business College received 32 appli
cations for office assistants during the month
of June, and 18 have been received since July
1. Every pupil is placed in a position.
All Commercial Branches Taught.
Thorough, practical, and comprehensive
courses in bookkeeping, shorthand, typewriting,
telegraphy, penmanship, letter-writing, business
law and all commercial branches. *
For full information, address
J. O. BAGWELL, President, or
H. W. LEYENBERGER, Vioe.-Pres.
198 Peachtree Street.