PAGE SIX
Hon. Thos. E. Watson:
Under the above caption, in the
•weekly issue of the Jeffersonian for
September 3, is an article from Mr.
W. 11. H. Davis, which is in some
respects, I think, erroneous.
First. Wright’s Georgia Brigade
was in R. H. Anderson’s division,
Longstreet’s corps; which division
was short one brigade, Wilcox’s Ala
bama Brigade, detached in observa
tion and to guard Banks’ ford, four
miles above Fredericksburg; while
McLaws in moving to Anderson’s po
sition on Thursday at Tabernacle
church, detached Barksdale’s Missis
sipi Brigade to observe, and if nec
essary, hold Marey’s hill, Early with
his division from Jackson ’S’ corps was
left at Hamilton’s crossing to defend
that position if attacked, or to men
ace the left and rear of Sedgwick,
should that general force Barksdale’s
position, and attempt a union with
Hooker by the Mine or the plank roads
Longstreet, with the divisions of Hood
and Pickett, had been detached some
months before to eastern Virginia,
where they had been preceded by the
Demi-division of two brigades com
manded by Gen. Ransom. It will
thus be seen that Lee’s army never,
when all were present, numbered
more than half or two-thirds the Fed
eral army opposing them, was dan
gerously reduced by the absence of
eleven of their best brigades and its
ablest corps commander, when the
storm burst upon them at 'Chancel
lorsville in all its fury. Wright’s
Brigade, after an arduous service all
winter at United States ford, had
gone into winter quarters about
March 5 near Mattupony church on
the Telegraph road, where on Tues
day night, April 28, they were or
dered to prepare three days’ rations,
and move at daylight next morning.
The first halt was on the Telegraph
or wire road, near Hamilton’s cross
ing, from thence late that afternoon
to Salem church on the plank road
when about 10 o’clock that night we
were ordered to move by the plank
road toward Chancellorsville and re
pulse cavalry. Moving cautiously, we
approached within three miles of
Chancellorsville -when we ran into a
Federal infantry column advancing to
ward Fredericksburg. Reversing our
column, we fell back to Tabernacle
church, arriving there just as day was
breaking, when w’e were soon joined
by Mahone, Posey and Perry, who
were falling back over the Turnpike
and Mine or Mountain roads from the
direction of Chancellorsville. These
roads, converging, united some two
hundred yards in rear of our position.
During Thursday, attacks were made
upon the right of our line, Mahone
and Perry repulsing them. During
the day and evening, we were re
enforced by the three brigades of Mc-
Laws, extending our right nearly to
the river. Three full Federal corps
were in our front, but showed little
enterprise in their movements and at
night began to retire toward Chan
cellorsville. Early Friday morning
Jackson joined Lee at a little school
house in rear of Wright’s Brigade,
where later Gens. A. P. Hill and R.
H. Anderson joined them. Toward
What Troops Killed Stonelvall Jackson 7
11 o’clock, the corps of Jackson —the
division of A. P. Hill leading—began
to arrive. Immediately, the com
mands of Anderson and McLaws,
formed into column, moving toward
Chancellorsville, Anderson with
Wright’s Brigade leading by the plank
road, McLaws’ by the “pike,” A. P.
Hill. Scales’ brigade leading, follow
ing Anderson. About three miles
from Chancellorsville, the enemy had
posted artillery, and a line of infan
try. A halt was here made, batteries
posted and opened, skirmishers ad
vanced and the retreat of the Feder
ate accelerated. Gen. Jackson de
tached Wright’s Brigade at this point
to report to Gen. Stuart at the Cath
erine Furnace or Jug Mill, as it was
indifferently called. Moving by the
unfinished Orange & Fredericksburg
railroad, we joined Stuart, who, now
that he had infantry support, ran two
twelve-pound Napoleons into the
thicket to the elevation north and
east of the furnace, placed Wright’s
Brigade in support, and opened with
his guns. In ten minutes, thirty
pieces of Federal artillery had about
knocked the guns out of business,
killed ten of the guns’ crew, and mor
tally wounded his chief of artillery,
Maj. J. Channing Price. At dusk, the
brigade was withdrawn, and moving
by a blind road leading north of east,
camped at the plank road for the
night. Within a few feet of us Lee
and Jackson bivouacked for the night,
and there formed the plan, based
upon the reconnoissance of Stuart
and Wright, for the morrow’s battle.
The movement began early, before
sun-up on Saturday, Colston, com
manding Trimble’s division, leading;
Rodes, commanding D. H. Hill’s di
vision, following. The march of A. P.
Hill was suspended for a short time,
till Gen. Lee could satisfy himself
that the seven brigades of Anderson
and McLaws could cover and hold
their ground, extending from the Fur
nace on Anderson’s left, to the Rap
pahannock, on McLaws’ right. For
this purpose he directed Gen. Wright
to detail a regiment, or more if nec
essary, to advance to the front in the
angle made by the divergence of the
plank and furnace roads and attack
the enemy. The Third Georgia was
sent forward under Maj. Jones, and
very soon were heavily engaged. Gen.
Lee in person rode forward, accom
panied by Col. W. H. Taylor, Asst. A.
G., and after a thorough scrutiny of
the work being done, returned to the
junction of the roads, and ordered A.
P. Hill to move on down the furnace
road and re-join Jackson. The lat
ter, in anticipation of an attack at or
near the furnace, had detached the
Twenty-third Georgia, of Colquit’s
brigade, D. H. Hill’s division, to meet
it, and about 10 o’clock it came. An
attacking party from Sickles’ (3d)
corps succeeded in capturing a num
ber of wagons and enough of the reg
iment to break it up for the time.
This necessitated other troops being
sent to that point, and the remainder,
two regiments and a battalion of
Wright’s brigade, were sent, together
with the bidgades of Posey and Per
ry, Mahone holding the interval be
tween the plank and turnpike, con-
©fee. 'Saffersontan
neeting with McLaws on his right.
This attack had the effect of causing
a further divergence of Jackson’s
train to the left. When we arrived
the affair was about over, the enemy
returned to their lines, happy, no
doubt, in getting the only advantage
in that campaign. In the meantime,,
attacks and counter attacks were
made along the enemy’s south and
east front, with a view to distracting
his attention from Jackson. This
worthy had to run over not more than
eight or ten miles to reach his point
of attack, and though begun at about
sa. m., it was about the same hour
in the afternoon before his lines were
sufficiently arranged to order the bat
tle. Sickles, encouraged by his suc
cess of the morning, at about the
same hour in the afternoon, organized
an attack in greater force, for in ad
dition to his own corps, he asked for
and was given the brigade of Barlow
of Howard’s (11th) corps, weakening
materially the Federal right wing, at
the moment Jackson meditated its de
struction. Thus, at the moment Jack
son was ordering his lines forward,
a commotion as of a coming storm
came from the woods in our front;
words of command were distinguished,
and soon the blue lines were discern
able as they emerged into the open.
They came within close range before
a gun was fired, when volleys from
the three small brigades and a battery
(King’s, I think) sent them reeling
back from whence they came. At the
moment of their advance, a few drop
ping shots away off in our front, fol
lowed by more continual rattle of
musketry, this punctured by artillery,
and coming nearer us, indicated Jack
son had struck his blow and succeed
ed. All accounts agree that, after the
first onset, Jackson’s lines became in
extricably mixed, and though pursuit
was not relaxed, it was not in well or
dered lines, under good control; in
deed in the interminable thicket
through which they advanced, a rea
sonably good line could not be main
tained. (Sickles’ advance at that
time was both fortunate and unfor
tunate. Fortunate for Jackson, in
that the withdrawal of Barlow’s bri
gade gave him* an easier access to
Howard’s line; unfortunate, in that
the uproar caused by Sickles’* ad
vance near the furnace caused Col
quitts brigade of Rodes’ division,
moving in column toward Chancel
lorsville by the plank road, to sus
pend his march till its cause was as
certained. As this fire was directly
on his right and right rear, it be
hooved him to make dispositions to
meet an attack from that quarter;
this took time, and when the nature
of the attack was learned, and the
brigade in motion, the golden oppor
tunity was lost this staunch brigade
to enter the interval left by Barlow.
Jackson’s advance reached Howard,
and the attack began at 5:30 p. m.
Some accounts say earlier, some later,
but whatever the time, the battle did
not cease till long after dark. My
recollection is, it was 5:30 p. m. when
the battle opened. In the confusion
of the melee which followed, Jackson
would hardly have left his divisions
as early as 6 p. m., on the contrary
he was exerting himself to get his
line in order to meet attack if it
came, or if not attacked, to extend
his line to the “white house,” some
800 yards north and to the rear of
Chancellorsville. In that latitude, the
sun, early in May, sets at about 6:40
p. m., night is slow in descending, so
that it would be 7:30 before it would
be sufficiently dark to suspend opera
tions. As late as 8:30 a desultory
fire had gone on, when suddenly a
rolling volley from infantry, followed
by a heavy artillery fire, indicated the
battle was not ended. This ceased as
suddenly as it had begun. An hour
later, a pattering skirmish fire grew
in volume, continued for ten or fifteen
minutes, ceased finally and the night
continued quiet. To the troops of
Anderson this was an enigma, as we
were occupying still the position east
of the Catherine Furnace, south of
the plank road, distant a mile or more
from the extreme right of Jackson’s
corps, to which we had moved on the
morning of that day. Early on Sun
day morning, the division of Ander
son was astir; the lines were arranged
for the assault, connection having
been made by our left brigade (Po
sey’s) with Jackson’s (Stuart’s)
right, as soon as the cannonade from
the artillery on our left became ef
fective, the line moved forward. The
thickets in our front, after passing
the furnace road, became such an ob
struction our brigade was forced to
break the line formation, and advance
by column of companies, right in
front. Reaching the abatife protect
ing the front of the 3rd and 12th Fed
eral corps, we lay down to await the
concurrence of Stuart, which finally
came, and at about 9:30 a. m. the line
swept forward, carrying the works
and sending the Federate in rapid re
treat toward the river. Three pieces
of artillery fell to Wright’s brigade
at these works, and as we pursued
vigorously, three more to the left of
the Chancellorsville House, where a
halt was called. The lines were re
arranged with a view to a further ad
vance, when a dispatch was received
informing Lee of the loss of Marey’s
Hill and the advance of Sedgwick to
ward Chancellorsville. To meet this
development, McLaws, with his three
brigades, was ordered to march to
ward the east, appropriating such
troops as he might find, to act with
his command. Wilcox, with his bri
gade of Alabamians, had acted
promptly. Leaving Banks’ ford, he
took position a hundred yards west
of Salem church where M.cLaws found
him, and in the afternoon was fought
the hot battle of that name. Sedg
wick was defeated. The transfer of
McLaws necessitated a modification
of the plan to assault Hooker in his
new lines, whom our skirmishers had
disclosed in a new and shorter forti
fied line, his nearest point to us about
four hundred yards back and north of
the Chancellorsville House, his left
resting on the Rappahannock at
Scott’s dam, his right behind Hunting
creek, a small affluent of the Rapi
dan. Anderson’s division advanced,
resting its right on the Rappahan
nock about four hundred yards in
front of Hooker’s left, remaining in