PAGE TWELVE
A Carnap aign of Hypocrisy.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
of Maine barely escaped the return of the open
saloon.
Mr. Bryan’s campaign committee is flooding
the country with copies of the Peerless One’s
lecture on The Divinity of Christ; and yet the
very men who mail that sanctified production
may not be entirely sober when they do it.
Referring with some levity to the $20,000 con
tribution which Haskell, the Standard Oil man,
made to Bryan’s campaign fund, Col. Moses
Wetmore, of the Tobacco Trust, remarked that
“20,000 would not pay for the cocktails drunk
in this establishment,” meaning, of course, the
Democratic headquarters in the Auditorium
Annex in Chicago.
It seems to us that the spectacle of the cock
tail establishment distributing Bryan’s lecture
on The Divinity of Christ caps the climax of
Bryanite hypocrisy.
More of Hoke Smith ’s Perfidy.
Not content with having broken the terms of
the compact agreed on by the Populists and
the Anti-Corporation Democrats in 1906 by
changing the disfranchisement law so that the
negroes who were to have been disfranchised
in October, 1908, will be given the opportunity
of voting as heretofore in the November elec
tion, Governor Smith has now taken the po
sition that he occupied a few years ago when
he declared, in substance, that the white Popu
lists of this State should be put on the same
plane as the negroes.
He now says that the time has come to
adopt the rigid rule in the white primary, so
that only those white men who are rock-ribbed,
organized Democrats shall have the privilege
of a say-so in the government of their State.
Governor Smith got his office mainly by his
pretended liberality in the matter of allowing
every qualified white voter of the State to par
ticipate in the white primary without binding
himself any further than to abide the results
of that particular primary; any other election,
and all future elections, were left open for the
voter to decide for himself what part he would
take in them. The only condition which Gov
ernor Smith, Mr. Hardwick, and other leaders
of that portion of the Democratic party placed
upon those who are of the Populist faith was
that they should honestly acquiesce in the re
sults of the primary in which they took part.
The position which Governor Smith now
takes virtually means that those white men of
Georgia who believe in Populism as a national
creed shall be classed with the negroes, ex
cluded from the white primary, denied the lib
erty to have voice and vote in the political con
trol of their State.
When we remember how loudly and often
candidate Hoke Smith professed his conversion
to the more liberal rule, which allows all legal
white voters to take part in the white pri
mary, his sudden flop would be astounding if it
did not remind us forcibly and painfully of
some other sudden flops of his.
It remains to be seen whether or not those
who are in control of the organized Democrats
of this State will adhere to the reasonable rule
which has been practiced for four years, or
whether they will change it to gratify the sore
headism of His Excellency, the Governor.
His contention that the primary of June 4th,
this vear, binds those who took part in it for
the November election, as well as in the Oc
tober election, is totally unfounded. Every
body knows that it was stated in speech and
newspaper article, time and time again, that
the primary bound no one further than to abide
by the results of that particular election.
Neither Governor Smith, nor Mr. Hardwick,
nor any of the political leaders on that side,
or the other-side, would have ventured to have
made during the campaign a statement to the
effect that a voter who took part in the pri
mary for the State election bound himseff hand,
and foot for the national election. Those who
spoke for the Populists, as well as those who
Xsl?e □Jeffersonian,
spoke for the Democrats, made it emphatically
and clearly understood that the primary did
not bind, as to national affairs.
Furthermore, the Convention itself which
sent delegates to the Denver Convention, did
not instruct them, and the Bryanite convention
nominated a man whom the Democratic dele
gates opposed. The Democracy of Georgia did
not vote on Mr. Bryan’s candidacy, did not in
struct anybody about it, and has not ratified his
nomination.
There is not a Democrat in Georgia who is
in honor bound to vote for Bryan. If the
Democrats choose to ratify Mr. Bryan’s nomi
nation at the November election, they can of
course do so, but, inasmuch as they them
selves have never voted to instruct anybody to
support Mr. Bryan’s candidacy, and inasmuch
as their State convention did not instruct the
delegates to support him in the Denver con
vention, and inasmuch as leaders of the party
have never submitted the action of the Bryan
ite convention to any ratification meeting
throughout the State of Georgia, it is a patent
absurdity for Hoke Smith to arrogate unto
himself the right to speak by authority on
what the Democrats of this State should do.
H
To Our Subscribers.
You, our subscribers, can double our circu
lation to-morrow, if you will. You can help
us to build up a corps of workers and sympa
thizers, who will spread the Jeffersonian doc
trines abroad and form a party that will have
to be reckoned with in the struggle against
national unrighteousness.
If you are a true Jeffersonian, go out into the
highways and byways until you find at least
one who will become a subscriber to our paper.
Do not rest until you have sent us one new
subscriber.
It is a small thing for us to ask, and for you
to do; but the results —who can foresee them?
On the last page of the paper this week there
is a coupon, on which we want you to write
the name of one new subscriber, sign your
own name, and send it to us with the amount
of the subscription. We will publish the
names from week to week.
If you have the welfare of our cause at heart,
you will do this, and DO IT NOW.
H H *
M Gallant Volunteer Who Is Heartily
Welcomed.
Atlanta, Ga., September 26, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir: It is not improper that I should
communicate with you at this time, since I
have been for some time desirous of inform
ing you of my sympathy in your candidacy
for the Presidency.
I do not think that the political situation has
ever been more chaotic than at present. The
recent revelations of national importance are
more confusing in their significance and their
effect. It seems to me that you should reap
the benefit of such public disaffection as has
arisen, or may arise, in Georgia from this
source.
The hasty movements of the Democratic
politicians is an indication that they regard
cither you or the Republican nominee a most
formidable contestant for the electoral vote
of this state.
I believe that Mr. Taft is more popular than
he is thought to be. Judging from their ex
pressions, I believe that some of your friends
who have supported you loyally in state cam
paigns will vote for Taft, as they are unalter
ably opposed to Bryan and his. policies, be
lieving that the Populist strength is insufficient
to render your election a probability.
I am not a Populist, but have always ad
mired your genius and your courage. I am a
Georgian and a Southerner. I can not vote for
a man who, while a Democrat, is tainted with
the infamous stains of Negro Equality, when
that vote must be cast against the man who
said on a famous occasion that “above my op
position to Colquit, above my support of Les
ter, rises my devotion to Georgia, like the tran
quil star that burns and gleams above the
reach of the drifting clouds.”
You have many friends in Georgia, of which
lam one. With best wishes for every possible
success, believe me,
Cordially yours,
DG. PHIL W. DAVIS, JR.
P. S—ls I can serve you here, or in Fulton,
Elbert or Oglethorpe counties, let me know.
M H H
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
The Democratic papers are telling us what a
triumphal march was Mr. Bryan’s trip through
the East. They say New York is likely to go
Democratic and glory over the fact that senti
ment has changed so since 1896.
It isn’t that sentiment has changed in the
East since 1896, but Mr. Bryan has changed.
The Eastern Democrat is the same Democrat
today he was twelve years ago, but who can
say that Mr. Bryan is the same Bryan he was
in ’96?
*
“That gallant band of 26” and all other gal
lant bands failed to put in an appearance on
Sunday at Rosemount, where Judge Parker en
tertained the Only Peerless William Jennings
Bryan. In fact, the only other guest besides
Mr. Bryan was Governor Jennings of South
Carolina. As the governor of North Carolina
was not there, no questions were asked.
Mr. Bryan and Governor Jennings arrived
at Rosemount shortly before noon and were
entertained at lunch. They could not help seeing
the lawn where Mary Jane used to frisk around
and munch hay, but whether they were shown
the red poll bull and the other stock is not
recorded by the historian of the trip.
In the afternoon, Judge Parker brought his
guests to Kingston in his automobile, and after
taking them around town, landed them at the
West Shore depot in time to catch the 5:20
o’clock train.
Upon their arrival in Albany, Mr. Bryan and
Governor Jennings were met by David B. Hill,
who took them to Wolfert’s Roost, his hand
some home, where they expected to spend the
night. Later they changed their minds and
spent the night aboard their private sleeping
car, so as to pull out of Albany at 3:15 o’clock
this morning.—Kingston (N. Y.) Daily Free
man.
Isn’t this a pretty kettle of fish?
Before the 1904 convention Mr. Bryan was
fighting Judge Parker for all he was worth, on
account of his being supported by certain trust
magnates. After the convention he went to
1 ellowstone Park on account of a throat
trouble, and he remained there until after his
brother-in-law returned from New York with
that $15,000.
Mr. Bryan’s throat recovered and he made
campaign speeches for Parker.
He has repeatedly denounced David B. Hill
as a dangerous man. Now what do we see?
Mr. Bryan going to these very two men for
counsel and advice.
Isn’t this enough to satisfy any Democrat,
who wants reform, with Mr. Bryan?
All Mr. Bryan needs to complete his record
is to sleep with Pat McCarren and Charles F.
Murph v.
Our conservative Democratic friends say
that years have tempered Mr. Bryan in his
radical views and given him a safer and saner
view of things.
This is partly true. Though as early as
1890 Mr. Bryan was a cold, calculating poli
tician, Bryan the man sometimes rose above
Bryan the politician.
. But not so today. The politician is ever first.
Years have taught Mr. Bryan how to let the
politician rule the man.