FROM ONE OF OUR BEST CITIZENS.
McFall, Mo., Dec. 2,1907.
Dear Mr. Watson: Enclosed find postal or
der for $lO to apply to subscribers as follows:
E. C. Bleish, McFall, Mo., Monthly and
Weekly Jeffersonian, $2; A. M. Wright, Mc-
Fall, Mo., Monthly and Weekly Jeffersonian.
$2; W. S. Baskett, McFall, Mo., R. F. D. 1,
Monthly and Weekly Jeffersonian, $2; J. H.
Hillis, McFall, Mo., Monthly and Weekly Jef
fersonian, $2; H. C. Jolly, McFall, Mo., Week
ly Jeffersonian only, $1; H. J. Patton, McFall,
Weely Jeffersonian only, 1. Total, $lO.
Mr. Baskett renews for the Monthly and
adds your Weekly to his subscription, while I
renew for both. Mr. Watson, you are hit
ting the vicious money system some heavy
blows and it does me good to get your edito
rials into the hands of intelligent readers. This
list I send you are everyone rated among our
most intelligent people and their hearts hap
pen to be in the right place, and after they
read your editorials awhile I anticipate I will
have some splendid help to spread the Popu
list gospel which, after all, is only the “low
ly” Nazarene’s religion set in motion.
Respectfully,
JAMES H. HILLIS.
DIDN’T WANT TO MISS A NUMBER.
Milledgeville, Ga., Nov. 9, 1907.
Dear Sir: In looking over my magazine,
I find my time expires in December, and my
subscription to weekly in January, so for fear
of missing them by delay I herewith enclose
post office money order for two dollars for
your magazine and paper for the year 1908,
which will be a great political year and as
the Populist platform is the original and most
perfect platform of any of the parties I be
lieve if all the new parties could get together
on it we could sweep the country for Jeffer
sonian democracy in 1908. Yours to the fin
ish,
C. H. STERNBRIDGE.
R. F. D. 3.
Tignall, Ga., Nov. 8, 1907.
Dear Sir: I send you P. O. order to renew
my subscription to the Weekly Jeffersonian.
I wish you much success. Yours for reform,
J. K. EDMONDS.
TWO OLD POPS.
Helena, Ala., Dec. 3, 1907.
Dear Sir: Here come two old Pops with
their cash —real money, no scrip in this, it
is legal tender. The banks as yet have not
taken full control of our chicks, the eggs my
hens produce so far are my eggs and if I
cannot get actual money—legal tender—for
them, why, I will send them to Mr. Watson
to pay subscription to his valuable periodicals.
But we have sold our eggs for actual money—•
legal tender—and now we two old Pops want
to renew our subscriptions to the Weekly Jef
fersonian and in doing so we desire to accept
Mr. Watson’s kind combination proposition
and enclose money order for $4, and get the
magazine also. We are both old now, one of
us is bordering onto four-score years. We
were both Confederate soldiers. We stood in
line till all was surrendered —till all was lost.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
We are now Populists and will be at our post
until the summons comes to call us off the
scene. There are many more like us in this
vicinity, who, when the roll is called, will be
there also.
We were both subscribers to the New York
magazine. When Watson dropped out we
dropped out also, but with some balance in
our favor. But the magazine was no good
without Tom Watson. We pouted a little —
sorter mad, you know. We told them so and it
stopped. When the Jeffersonian began we sub
scribed and have read all that you published
therein. We hope to get other subscribers for
both publications a soon as the bankers let
up a little. Send the weekly and monthly to
each of us for twelve months and we will re
main forever Tom Watson’s friends.
M. S. LEE and J. G. MITCHELL.
WE WILL GET THEM.
Nettleton, Mo., Nov. 12, 1907.
Dear Sir and Friend: Your card of Nov.
4 reached me in due time. In reply will say
that I have been a reader of all your publica
tions ever since you started the New York
magazine.
I subscribed for your weekly and Jefferson
ian Magazine through the Missouri World,
but had magazine come to another address. I
intend to renew for both soon. Though cir
cumstances compel me to work from ten to
sixteen hours a day on the farm, I will do
what I can to get you some subscribers.
Wishing you long life, health and happiness,
and hoping you will get 1,000,000 or more
subscribers, I am your sincere friend.
WM. CHRP.
HAVE YO ULOOKED AT YOUR LABEL,
AS HE DID?
Bonnie, HL, Dec. 2, 1907.
Dear Sir: I notice from the label on wrap
per of my Jeffersonian that my time expires
November 8. As I can not afford to do without
it, I enclose $1 for renewal of the same.
Respectfully,
EDWARD WELLS.
R. F. D. 1.
BRO. FINCHER STAYS.
Maud. Tex., Dec. 1, 1907.
Dear Friend: Please find enclosed $2, pos
tal money order, for which extend my subscrip
tion for another year to the Jeffersonian mag
azine and Weekly, and oblige,
Your friend,
T. J. FINCHER.
' R. F. D. 2.
MAKES ’EM WALK OFF.
Lampasas, Tex., Nov. 4. 1907.
Dear Sir: I see my time has about expired
for the Weekly Jeffersonian. Please find en
closed $1 for another year’s subscription up
to November, 1908.
1 cannot do without it for it exposes so much
fraud in financial matters and politicians that
I have to read it so 4 can refute the argu
ments of the so-called Democratic party and
those who oppose the Farmers’ Union. It
makes them lower their heads and walk off.
Yours for success and happiness for the
good of the people generally. For any com
mon observer can see the change of things
generally is coming, and I hope now soon.
I shall try to send a club for you.
Yours truly,
W. J. M. GRACY.
A MIGHTY GOOD WAY TO DO.
High Shoals, Ga., Nov. 11, 1907.
Dear Sir: While renewing my subscription
to your monthly and weekly* also C. H. Lords
will send you a club for your Weekly Jeffer
sonian. / Please forward to the names men
tioned below. You will' find money enclosed
for same. Send all to High Shoals. Ga.
Respectfully,
S. I. BATCHELOR.
COMES AGAIN.
East Point, Ga., Dec. 11. 1907.
My dear Sir: Please find enclosed $2 for
renewal of magazine and Jeffersonian. I en
joyed your winding up of the Bishop. Wish
ing you great success, I am vonrs verv trulv,
W. W. GOBER.
HE STAYS WITH US.
Sheridan, Mont., Nov. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $2.50. which is the
price of your Jeffersonian and magazine both
for one year—l9oß. I do not want them dis
continued. I am an old man. and you advo
cate the same principles that I have stood
firmly for, and advocated, to the best of my
ability, from the time of Peter Cooper’s cam
paign until the present and “T shall fight it
out on this line.”
Very respectfully,
D. W. THOMPSON.
FROM A NOTED AUTHORESS AND HE
ROIC PIONEER REFORMER.
Springfield, Mich., Nov. 9, 1907.
My dear Mr. Watson: Enclosed find P. O.
order for $2, with which to renew my sub
scription to your publications. If this is not
correct, please notify me and it will be made
so.
Your publications are intensely fascinating.
Who so stupid as to be able to do without
them? Thank God for Thomas E. Watson.
Very truly,
(MRS.) MARTON TODD.
A TOUCHING TRIBUTE.
Rutland, Fla., Nov. 10, 1907.
My dear Mr. Watson: I have succeeded in
getting four new subscribers for your publica
tions—two for the weekly and two for the
monthly. Also I send my renewal for both.
I have been taking both the Jeffersonians
ever since you commenced publishing them
and do not want to miss a single issue. lam
an old Confederate soldier, seventy-three years
of age, but still interested in the cause of good
government, and T love you, Mr. Watson, for
the noble fight you have been making these
many years for the cause of humanity.
May you live*to see the time—which will
surely come—when all the people will bless
you for your noble work in their behalf.
Sincerely,
J. R. P. WALL,
PAGE ELEVEN