PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
!■■■ I ■ ————lll ■ lIBI———MM»
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga.
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
“The Texas Farm Co-Operator 99
In the days of the Farmers’ Alliance,
whenever anybody referred to the rascality
of President Lon Livingston, that artful rep
robate would whine:
“THEN ARE ATTACKING THE ALLIANCE.”
He played that game successfully for sev
eral years; and led the magnificent farmers’
organization to wreck and ruin, by selling it
out to Pat Calhoun, the notorious bribe-giver,
who is now under indictment for bribe-giv
ing in California.
When I went after those Farmers’ Union
leaders who have joined the Republican ship
subsidy thieves, I knew that they would
try the Lon Livingston dodge. Therefore,
the Dallas Co-operator does not surprise me
in the least when it publishes a lying state
ment that I have attacked the Farmers’
Union. The Republican-Hearst combine has
apparently subsidized certain Farmers' 1 Un
ion leaders, and certain Farmers' Union pa
pers; and THESE MEN ARE TRYING
TO MAKE THE FARMERS' UNION
THE ANNEX OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY.
I have exposed and assailed these merce
nary traitors, and I mean to keep on doing it;
but the man who says that I have ever said
or written a word against the Union itself, is
an unmitigated and unscrupulous liar!
I AM TRYING TO SAVE THE UNION.
These Republican-Hearst traitors are leading
the organization to perdition. Unless the
grafters are kicked out, the Farmers' Union
will die, as the Alliance died.
THE SHIP-SUBSIDY IS A REPUBLI
CAN MEASURE. The resolutions passed
by the Galveston Convention are disguised
ship-subsidy resolutions. They are so recog
nized and eulogized in The American Flag,
published bv the Merchant Marine League,—
WHICH IS WORKING FOR THE SHIP
SUBSIDY.
This Republican League knows its own;
and in the number of its magazine which fol
lowed the Galveston Convention, it praised
Jackson and Duckworth to the skies.
Yet, this Co-operator crowd has a promi
nently published article, under the headline:
“TOM WATSON OFF THE TRACK.”
I am in the same place as usual, —fighting
the battle of the common people against those
who would rob them.
The high-tariff pirates drove our flag off
the seas with their monopolistic legislation. To
keep that fact from getting before the peo
ple, the Marine League scattered broadcast
the infamous slander that Jefferson Davis,
Reuben Davis and Robert Toombs “con
spired” with the English, in the Fifties, to
kill the American Merchant Marine.
“Conspiracy” is the stock phrase of these
Marine League liars. Everybody who wants
to save our people from the rapacity of the
Steel Trust and the transcontinental rail-
Nov. 25, 1909
3effevsortiait
roads, is “conspiring” with the English!
Miserable hypocrites, and DEF AMERS OF
THE LIVING AND THE DEAD.
Taylor Mcßae, do you believe in that out
rageous libel on the statesmen of the Old
South? Do you, Mr. Neil? Do you, Brooks
of Tennessee? Do you, Duckworth?
SHAME UPON YOU!—YOU TRAIT
ORS TO THE FARMERS' UNION! You
have lost all sense of decency and honor!
The Co-operator gang actually demand
that I “retract”.
Catch me at it!
On the contrary, The Jeffersonian will
do its little best to hammer the life out of
the papers that have sold themselves to this
slanderous, venomous, unscrupulous RE
PUBLICAN LEAGUE.
In Re the Buzzard
The Cannon (Ga.) Universalist Herald re
marks :
“Read Tom Watson’s dissertation on the com
mon buzzard in this issue, clipped from Watson’s
November Magazine. Tom is the first man we
ever knew or heard of, to come to the rescue of
the buzzard. One thing thou lackest, Mr. Buz
zard! You can’t sing. However, Mr. Watson
makes the buzzard a very happy bird.”
That he can not sing, is one of the buz
zard’s advantages. He has none of the wor
ries of Caruso, who is ever tormented by fears
of losing his voice. The buzzard has none to
lose. Nor does he have to depend on his music
for a living.
There’s the peacock, for instance: he thinks
he can sing. When he lifts his tuneful voice,
even the dogs howl.
Also, there is the female cow. She is proud
of her voice, and she bellows by the hour.
Whereupon, some nervous literary feller en
ters the market, buys her at any old price, has
a rope tied to her horns, and has her led away,
ignominiously, into some distant county, to be
presented, free gratis for nothing, to a red
headed cousin who married a cock-eyed man
—so that the said cow T can give milk and
music out of the sight and hearing of said
literary feller.
O, there are lots and cords of advantages
in being a buzzard; and while I perfectly de
spise his table manners, I’m not sure that ours
are much better.
The Piano, As a Foreign Mis
sionary
In last week’s Advocate, our two Doctors
of Divinity, Lovett and Cofer, published a
long letter from Rev. Geo. R. Loehr, who is
having the time of his life in China, convert
ing “souls to Christ”. Os course, he is not
changing the heart of a single Chinese, but
he thinks he is,—or pretends to, anyway.
In his lengthy letter he gave the readers of
the II esleyan Christian Advocate a rapturous
description of the arrival of the missionary
piano at his station.
Rev. George Loehr states that the piano
will be used for the purpose of “winning
souls for Christ”.
I don’t know how you regard statements of
that character, but to me they seem blas
phemous.
How, in the name of common sense, can
you convert a Chinaman, or anybody else,
by banging on the piano? To “win souls to
Christ”, requires a regeneration of heart; the
sinner must be “born again”. How are you
going to accomplish that mighty psychologi
cal result with an organ, a harp, or a piano ?
Such talk is nonsense. Worse than that, it is
irreverent.
Dr. Lovett must have been napping, when
he permitted such a silly letter to go to the
printers.
The Susan B. Wilson School, to which the
piano-money was sent, does not appear in the
Conference report for 1908. But on page 186
of that document we are told that the 1,725,-
461 Methodists of the M. E. Church gave an
average of 45 cents, each, to the heathen, but
only 23 cents each to Home Missions.
I consider that to be one of the most fright
ful facts, ever put upon church records.
Under continual and fanatical prodding,
our Methodist friends are doing twice as
much mission and charity work for the for
eigners as they do for the needy of their own
national household.
An examination of the Report of the
Southern Baptist Association reveals a con
dition equally astounding and alarming.
To Home Missions, last year, we gave $283,-
436.00, while to Foreign Missions we contrib
uted $460,799.00. We Baptists have acted as
cruelly to our own needy people as the Meth
odists did; and we have lavished on the for
eigner nearly twice as much as we gave to the
uplift of the home-folks.
IT IS A BURNING SHAME. No won
der that half of our people never go to
church. No wonder that lifeless congrega
tions abound. No wonder the hearts of the
poor are full of bitterness. No wonder the
ministers almost have to turn the church into
a concert-hall to draw an audience.
“A Triple Steal”
Under the above headline, the Appeal to
Reason publishes an attack on the infamous
Aldrich-Vreeland bill.
The able editors of the Appeal are quite
right as to the nature of the law, but they err
when they say that money is being issued un
der it. According to the United States Treas
ury Reports not a dollar has been added to
the currency by that “emergency” measure.
We all make mistakes; and, this time, the
Appeal made a big one.
I
Some Newly Discovered Facts
About Napoleon, the Greatest
Man That Ever Lived
Since the latest of the Napoleon biographies
has been put upon the market, a mass of ma
terial concerning him has been published. All
of the letters which he wrote to Josephine,
while he was at the head of the army, have
been put in book form. During his Italian
campaign, he wrote to her every day. Often
these notes were scribbled on the pommel of
his saddle, while the battle was raging; many
of them were almost undecipherable; every
one of them is characteristic of his nervous,
impulsive, energetic character. They reveal
a wealth of tenderness which the world has
never given him credit for possessing. They
likewise reveal some traits of character which
to an Anglo-Saxon or a Celt are well nigh in
credible.
In addition to these letters to his wife,
which throw flashlights upon his complex
nature, there has come from the press a most
interesting publication in two large volumes,
containing the diaries, memoirs, etc., of By
ron’s intimate, personal friend, John Cam
Hobhouse, afterwards Lord Broughton. These
two volumes contain scores of personal an
ecdotes of Napoleon and records of his fa
miliar, private conversations.
In other words, the recently published mass
of material concerning Napoleon gives one
another conception of the personal side of his
character, and all of the books will have to be
retouched in order to make them conform to
the truth about this marvelous man.
In one of the early months of next year,—
“if I live and nothing happens,”—the Jeffer
sonian Magazine will have a chapter on Na
poleon, illustrated by numerous engravings,
giving to our readers the full benefit of the
information which has come to light since the