PAGE SIXTEEN
The Ad Man s Galley
By fames Lanier,
The “lives! paper in the country. ”
That’s the way one of our corres
pondents describes the Weekly Jef
loi-.oiiian. He’s right. It is a live
wire; you can’t touch it without get
ting a shock, and when you once pick
it up it’s hard to let go. People who
started to rea l the Jeffersonian out
of idle curiosity, during the Brown-
Smith contest in Georgia, are read
ing it yet. They acquired the habit,
and they are still sending us their
subscriptions.
October bids fair to be the biggest
subscription month that the Jeffer
sonians have ever had. Most of our
agents are doing well, and if the sub
scribers themselves will help us out,
we will make “nut-brown October”
a month to be proud of. Let each
true Jeffersonian make up his mind
that he will send us at least one
new subscriber this month. If you
believe in the Jeffersonian doctrines,
this will be the evidence of your
faith.
How many of our hundred thous
and readers know the real scope and
field of the Jeffersonians? Down in
Georgia many look on us as a local
product and think that the State line
is our boundary of usefulness. But
listen! The other day we received a
letter from Jerusalem, Palestine,
where the Anglo-Saxon Syndicate, of
which Prince Immanuel is the head,
had heard of us and wished to adver
tise in our columns. Another mail
brought us a communication from T.
G. Srinivasa Aiyangar, of Narasing
anpetai, Southern India, who wanted
to see sample copies of the Weekly
and the Magazine, so that he might
subscribe for them.
Over in the Philippine Islands peo
ple are reading the Jeffersonians. Sub
scriptions come from Alaska, from the
('anal Zone, from Hawai, from Cana
da, from England and Germany and
France. From Mexico and the Dan
ish West Indies, from Cuba, New
Zealand. Australia and China they
come. Let the Jeffersonians get out
a day late, or a few copies go astray,
and we hear of it from every state
in the Union. So we’re not any mote
local than the world, which is mighty
small potatoes in the universe.
We have just added to our list of
premiums an article that every house
wife wants. It is a pair of shears
that can be adjusted to cut any
length; and the “lost motion” in the
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
Gentlemen: Enclosed please find
$1 for one year’s subscription to
the Weekly Jeffersonian.
I believe in the truth of Jeffer
sonian principles, and I am sending
this so that my name and the
name of the new subscriber may be
published in the list of true Jeffer
sonians.
Name of new
Subscriber
Address of new
Subscriber
Sent in by
Address
blades can also be taken up, so that
they will always preserve a clean cut
ting edge. The old “scissors-grind
er, ” who used to fix our worn-out
shears by the help of some home
made tools and much profanity, is
passing into a picturesque memory,
with the tinker and the tramp print
er, on their way to the same oblivion
that Mr. Bryan is praying to over
take his speeches of a few years ago.
Not unlike Mr. Bryan, these shears
of ours are eminently “adjustable.”
By the way, we were talking last
week about the man with the illegi
ble signature. It is nearly always a
ease of confirmed carelessness—the
kind of thing that children are pun
ished for. There are no men, and
few women, who cannot sign their
names plainly and readably; and the
man who won’t do it should be giv
en his choice between the use of a
rubber stamp or a term in the peni
tentiary.
When vou send in vour own sub-
•< *
scription, or another’s, always give
the full address, as plainly written
as possible. We want the street ad
dress or box number in a town, and
the rural route in the country; and
whenever you change your address
you should send notice to this office
at once. If these simple rules were
adhered to, there would be no trouble
at all in keeping our mailing list
straight.
Once more let us remind you that
our headquarters are at THOMSON,
Georgia; not at Thomas, or Thomas
ton, or Thomasville, or Atlanta. Mon
ey orders should be made payable at
Thomson.
Another source of trouble is that
subscribers do not always state plain
ly whether they want the Weekly
Jeffersonian or the Magazine. The
price of the Magazine is now one dol
lar per year, the same as the Week
ly, and it will remain one dollar un
til November 1. When you send us a
dollar this month, please say plainly,
“Magazine” or “Weekly.” We hope
you will say both, and send us two
dollars.
„ The Weekly and the Magazine are
not at all alike. In the October Maga
zine Mr. Watson has editorials on
“Our National Finances,” a won
derful picture of the perilous finan
cial situation, “The Mission of the
Reformer,” “Bryan and the Bennett
Will,” “The Wise Man and the Silly
King,” are things that you cannot
afford to miss. There are some good
stories, a “Home Department,” and
a well illustrated survey of the
world’s events for the past month.
And all it costs, if you subscribe this
month, is a dollar a year —about
eight cents a month. Come along
with your dollar.
A BIG BATHTUB.
The tides run swiftly out in the
Bay of Fundy.
A summer urchin, witnessing the
phenomenon for the first time, yelled
shrilly. “Ma, look quick! Some one
has pulled the plug out of the ocean.”
—Washington Herald.
Heffersonian /
THE GEORGIA STATE FAIR
for this year will be held at
Macon, Ga., Oct. 27 to Nov. 7
i
by the
Macon Georgia State Fair Association
under the auspices of
Georgia State Agricultural Society
While Agriculture will form the leading feature of the
exhibition, the commercial and manufacturing interests of
the State will be fully represented in the various displays.
Among the best attractions to be offered, will be in
cluded, Fireworks, Balloon Ascensions, Horse Racing, Automo
bile Racing, Military Displays, and other first-class amuse
ments.
Premium List will be forwarded to all who wish them.
For all other information in regard to space for
exhibitors, prices, and terms for privileges and concessions,
please write to
BEN L. JONES, President, BRIDGES SMITH, Secretary,
R.L.McKINNEV, Treasurer, W. A. HUFF, Gen’l Mgr.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
CT ANIFV prepares and places students
3 1 AliLEs I Best Faculty, Method and Influence. Our Stu
dents are recognized as thoroughly competent and
Business College go ° d positions are.assured our graduates.
WK. y Tone of school in discipline and morals endorsed
C a by Clergy of Macon as being clean and wholesome.
IViaCOil, vO. Send for catalogue.
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money Interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attttck
If you are a farmer you are vitally Interested In this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
Sixteen Pages Weekly
* SAMPLE FREE
On Trial 52 Weeks
X Only 25 Cents