THE '‘ELLEN N.”
Cartersville, Ga., March 6, 1909.
Editor Weekly Jeffersonian,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: In your issue of the 4th
inst. you have an editorial under the
caption “Over in Tennessee,” in the
first paragraph of which you write as
follows: “The Louisville and Nash
ville railroad is a power in the land.
Its resources are vast, its appetite
for more is ravenous, its arrogance is
superb, and its contempt for public
opinion is magnificent.”
I presume you refer to that part of
the L. & N. which operates in Ken
tucky and Tennessee, and not to their
roads which operate in Georgia, do
you not? Os course, we know that
the L. & N. in Georgia believes in and
practices Jeffersonian Democracy, and
in proof of this asertion I have only
to call attention to the following
facts:
For several days after the primary
last June, the L. & N. through pas
senger trains, running from Atlanta
to Cincinnati through this rich sec
tion, had on their locomotive engines
large portraits of the Hon. Jos. M.
Brown. The L. & N. people showed
by this that they were so glad “Lit
tle Joe” was nominated and would
be our next Governor. Well, you
were glad, too, because you had
thrown all your influence to his sup
port, furnished him free of charge a
lot of ammunition with which to bat
ter down ring rule in Georgia. And
we also know that you always sup
port candidates for nomination who
favor Jeffersonian principles.
Is not the Louisville & Nashville in
Georgia the same corporation and un
der the same management as the L.
& N. in Tennessee and Kentucky?
If so, why then is this difference?
This confuses me and I hardly
know where we’re “at.” Please ex
plain in the Weekly.
With great respect, I am yours
truly,
R. F. D. No. 2.
Ira V. Maxwell.
Answer: We learn from the above,
with pleasure and pride, that the L.
a good Jeffersonian Democrat
in the State of Georgia. Would that
it wer-’ so in every, state.
As t 3 its support of Jos. M. Brown,
we know nothing. If it opposed
Smith an d favored Brown, it may
have been because it considered
Brow’ l the less of two evils. The
Jfo.proad Commission of which Brown
a member, had reduced freight
and passenger rates; but Mr. Brown
had never declared, publicly and pri
vately, that out-of-state corporations
should not be allowed to own and op
erate railroads in Georgia. Such wild
and confiscatory ravings as these,
made Hoke temporarily unpopular
with the railroads. Hoke thundered
his anathemas against the corporations
so loudly and so fiercely that even
the corporations thought he meant
something by it.
They know better now. So do lots
of us who legged for Hoke the first
time.
As to the Jeffersonian, it would
have opposed Hoke Smith in 1907
because of his new rules which robbed
country counties of their constitution
al share of political power,—if there
had been no other objection to his re
election.
NEBRASKA NOW HAS A POPU
LIST PAPER.
Sterling, Nelb., March 13, 1909.
Hon. Thus. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear iSar: Some time ago I wrote
you in regard to getting a press, ex
pecting to start a Populist paper here.
Since writing you I have purchased
the Sterling Sun and am making it a
Populist paper. I am printing this
paper to hold all the local subscribers
and must give the local news first.
If there is any room left then —and
there generally is—it is devoted to
Populist principles. Next summer
when advertising is slack I will have
plenty of room and will do some hard
fighting for populism.
’We are through with fusion here in
Nebraska. Last summer I made a
hard fight against it, but as you well
know the Bryan forces were too
strong for me. We now have a Bry
an legislature and Governor that
ought to be enough for any Populist.
It is the most extravagant legislature
Nebraska ever had. It has defeated
every bill for the betterment of the
state that has come up, and has en
acted every bill that the bankers, cor
porations and breweries have wanted.
The people everywhere are condemn
ing this legislature. The Democrats
can’t even elect a road boss here now.
The time is surely ripe for the Popu
lists to do something.
The thing for us to do now is to
hold a convention and take one sin
gle issue and place it squarely before
the people. Then let us organize,
and all push for this one issue. I be
lieve the most important issue before
us at the present time is the initia
tive and referendum. This issue is
of the most importance because it ap
peals directly to each individual vo
ter. Then let us get together and do
something.
I have no way of reaching the Pop
ulists of Nebraska and would appre
ciate it very much if you would in
sert a notice in your paper saying
that Nebraska now has a Populist
paper. The price is one dollar per
year. Perhaps we can arrange to ex
change advertising. I ought to se
cure a circulation of twenty thousand
in this state. I am in the field to stay
until victory shall greet our cause.
Yours for success,
Allen L. Powell.
SAMPLE COPIES FREE
Os the Jeffersonians, just by drop
ping a postal card to the Circulation
Manager, Thomson, Ga.
QUITE RIGHT.
Mother —“ Alice, it is bedtime. All
the little chickens have gone to bed.”
Alice —“Yes, mamma, and so has
the hen.” —'Harper’s Bazar.
E3Z I 3SE cB?E these are the kind that made south
| yleM S l X t ° c * CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT,, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED.’ Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped c. o. d. and you will have to pay return charges on the mo:<ey; thus adding to the cost of your plants.
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4.000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9.000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
, prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. __
\ Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. GIBS»ON V BOX 33 r Young S Island, S. C. /
Jeffersonian
A SCOTTISH *BULL.
“Out of a Scottish population of
5,000,000,” said the ; Lord Advocate
on the Housing bill yesterday, “there
are 2,000,000 living in one room.”
A voice amid laughter: “Not in
the same room?” —London Daily
Mail.
nto Vah Mb Cict af frbe 10 YOU and £very Sister
fltulv Jljlvl Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
I a woman.
know woman's sufferings,
have found the cure.
I mail, free of any charge, my horns fftst*
m,n * full instructions to any sufferer from
woman’s ailments. I want to tell all women about
JF this cure—you, my reader, for yourself, your
v \ daughter, your mother, or your sister. I want to
y° u how to cure yourselves at home with-
A;- 1 out h el P of a doctor Men cannot understand
k W ’ 1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
' I M P«rl»nco, we know better than any doctor. 1
’sSMsC ’ • I know that my home treatment Is safe and sure
cure for Leucerrhoea or Whitish discharges, Ulceration, Dis
' ?.J placement or falling of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Paioful
J Periods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also pains io
-A-A" •' head, back and bowels, bearing down feelings, nervousness,
crssplng feeling up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles whore caused
to weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
WI want to send you a complete ton day’s treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, it will cost you nothing to
give the treatment a complete trial: and if you
wish to continue, It will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not Interfere with your work or occupation. Just tend ma your name and address, tell me how you
suffer If you wish, and I will send you the treatment so? your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
per, by return mail. I will also send you free of cost my book— **WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL ADVISER" with
expmnatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor ways—
.A ou must have an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
themselves with my home remedy. It cures all old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always result* from
its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Homo Treatment really curesail women's diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump and robust. Just send mo your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 432 - - South Bend, Ind., U. 8. A.
How to Increase the Yield of Fruit
Increased fruit crops are more often the result of good manage
ment than of good luck. Fruit trees and fruit plants need a liberal
supply of
Virginia- Carolina
Fertilizers
The trees absorb plant foods—that is, nitrogen, phosphoric acid
and potash—from the soil just the same as any other crop. Experi
ence has shown this over and over again. This truth has become so
well recognized that “ return to the land what the tree removes if you
would expect the best results ” has become an axiom with the best
growers.
Apple, pear, peach, orange and other fruit trees soon respond to
careful fertilization. But be sure to use the best fertilizers.
“ I made a test with other companies’ fertilizers,” says Mr. H. O.
Lowry, of Manatee County, Fla., “ and yours proved to be the best.
The yield where I used Virginia-Carolina Fertilizer, was just twice as
much as where the other two companies’ fertilizer was used.”
Hundreds of users say Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers are cheapest
because of their good qualities—give better satisfaction and quicker
results.
Many facts of great interest and value to fruit growers are pub
lished in the new 1909 Farmers’ Year Book, a copy of which will be
sent free on application to any of our sales offices.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices c ,
Richmond, Va. MMr SaLs °^ ces
Norfolk, Va. ■' ''' ' Durham, N. C.
A?i lun ; bi r s c ‘ mufflniaLiroljmili Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta Ga
Savannah, Ga. C<>. Montgomery, Ala*
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
WHICH?
“What have they named the ba
by?”
“Bill.”
“Bill?”
“Yes.”
“Cautions parents, aren’t they?”
—Nashville American.
PAGE FIFTEEN