PAGE TEN
ZETZERJ nOJI THE PEOPLE
Toomsuba, Miss., Nov. 8, 1907.
Dear Sir: Your editorial in this week’s
**w.
weekly, “Wall Street Heroes,” is in exactly
the same line as I have been talking to my
friends about this panic we have now.
It is strange to me that some people seem
to use good sense and judgment about all bus
iness except affairs of general government. I
consider it a very simple matter to control
the money power. But getting people to un
derstand it and then forcing their law mak
ers to obey their will is a hard thing. As a
general thing I believe the law makers give
us as good laws as we demand. But how
many actual “demands” do they get? You
demand the money of the Constitution and
so do I. And so do a few others. But what
about the other 14,000,000 voters? How
many of these vtoers know what they vote
for? If they had to stand a rigid examina
tion on the matter I do not believe more than
one out of five hundred would get his “sheep
skin.” Political ignorance is the bane of,
the IT. S. Government. How easy it would be
for that “$100,000,000” gold reserve to be ap
plied on the public debt, thus stopping a lot
of expense in the way of interest, and at the
same time getting part of the money into gen
eral circulation. Then the good work could be
extended by issuing “greenbacks” and paying
public expenses with them instead of taxing
the people for funds. By doing this it would
enable the people to keep what money they
have now on hand, and at same time put more
money into circulation. And this would (in
my notion) put Mr. Wall Streeter back into
his hole and beg for mercy. And there are the
tariff and many other things that could be
used as “patches 1 ’ on our leaky financial
fabric. But the money powers DEMAND oth
erwise and get their demands granted. And
the common people just go on and “vote her
straight” and get what their ignorance de
mands.
R. E. THOMPSON.
P. S. —I knew you would (or ought to, at
least) get Brother Lindsay on that “Where
am I at?” There are a lot of “fool” peo
ple around me that believe it was .you that
coined this expression when you were in con
gress. But I have informed many of them
that it was not you, but someone else. And as
to who it really was that did use the expres
sion I am uninformed, but it is my recollec
tion that it was Cobb of Alabama. Though
I have never positively stated that it was
Cobb. R. E. T.
It was James E. Cobb, of Alabama.
T. E. W
WHAT MISSOURI POPS THINK.
December 16, 1907.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Am pleased to hand in the cur
rency for renewal of your Jeffersonian Mag
azine and Weekly, which are reaching me
regularly per week and month, affording me
“a feast of reason, and a flow of soul.”
I am one of the “Old Guard” who has
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
never “wobbled on the spindle,” and, of
course, delighted with the perusal of your pro
ductions, which morally, socially and politi
cally accord with my own convictions. Next
to Holy Writ I prize all your productions.
You are educating the people to a compre
hension of the deplorable financial condition
imposed upon them by systematic gamblers en
couraged by public officials and old-party
leaders who betray public trusts and are,
therefore, traitors to constituents and coun
try.
Populism is stamping its creed on the pub
lic conscience. The old party press and the
old party leaders attempt to ignore our name
and principles, but every basic, sound po
litical measure they advocate in dead earnest
is filched from our Omaha platform either in
language, substance or spirit. At times the
old Demo-Reps forget themselves, and adopt
the identical measures proclaimed in our
“Second Declaration of Independence.”
Yes, indeed: “Populism will come again.”
Let all patriots, irrespective of past party af
filiations, strike now, in 1908, while the iron
is hot and the sparks flying all over the polit
ical shop.
Respectfully,
P. H. LAREY.
Kansas City, Mo.
FROM NEW MEXICO.
Deming, New Mexico, Dec. 7, 1907.
Dear Sir: Please find enclosed post office
order for $2, for which please send me your
Jeffersonian paper and magazine.
W. R. BURNEY
ANOTHER VENERABLE FRIEND.
Ellisville, Miss.
Dear Mr. Watson: Enclosed find $1.50, for
your Jeffersonian Magazine. Words are in
adequate for me to express my feeling of ap
preciation to you for your publications. -
I have reached the 80th mile board in life;
have been a worker in the reform cause from
its earliest incipiency, the thought of which is
the pride of my life and now if there is one
word I could say that would help to hold up
your hands while you make the grand fight
or in other words, cast one ounce of weight
in the reform cause, it would afford me a
pleasure that can come to no one who has not
labored all these years for the vindication of
the rights of the great common people.
May you live to see the people appreciate
your efforts, is my prayer.
With best wishes,
J. J. COLLINS.
R. F. D. 3.
THE RIGHT WAY.
Dyesburg, Tenn., Dec. 16, 1907.
Please find enclosed two dollars as my re
newal to both publications for another year.
Will send every subscriber that I can get
along through the year.
G. W. PECKENPAUGH.
R. F. D. 4. '
CAN HARDLY WAIT.
Union, Ala., Dec. 13, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find check for which
please send your Watson’s Jeffersonian Mag
azine; also your weekly Jeffersonian paper
to William Drummonds, Snoddy, Ala. Also
send a copy of your paper to Jas. E. Hender
son and Thos. Drummonds, Knoxville, Ala., R
F. D. 1. I am an ardent admirer of yours
and wish to see your magazine and paper in
every home in my district. I can’t see how
any one can do without them. I can hardly
wait until mine comes. I will do all in
power to get you subscribers. With best
wishes for you and your publications, I am
yours very truly,
GEO. W. LAMB.
STANCH JOHN WALLER AGAIN.
Culverton, Ga., Dec. 16, 1907.
Enclosed you will find check for $2.10 to
renew 7 my subscription to the tw 7 o Jefferson
ians for another year. Success to you and
yours. Yours very truly,
JNO. W. WALLER.
R. F. D. 1.
WILL DO IT SOON.
Saluda, S- C., Dec. 16, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $1.50 for
which send me Watson’s Jeffersonian Maga
zine for one year, beginning with January,
1908. My subscription expired with Decem
ber, 1907, which I have already received.
Please give me a sketch of the Life of
“Opie Read,” the w’riter, in your paper.
One of the best features about your paper
is the sketches you give of public men with
whom you have been acquainted. Give us
more of them. Success to your work.
C. J. RAMAGE.
HE TRIES TO BE.
Atlanta, Ga., Dec. 16, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find money order for
$2. Please renew my subscription to both
the Jeffersonians. Must have them. “The
old man” is pretty near right every time.
Yours truly,
s E. W. GRAHAM.
FOUND IT.
Daytona, Fla., Dec. 18, 1907.
Enclosed find tw 7 o dollars for renewal of
subscription to weekly and monthly Jeffer
sonians, for A. M. Dobbins and P. B. Dobbins.
P. B. DOBBINS.
BEST IN THE WORLD.
Glovers, Ga., Dec. 19, 1907.
My Dear Sir: Please find enclosed $2.50,
for two years’ subscription for the best mag
azine in the world, namely, Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine, and one dollar in renewal
of my subscription to the Weekly Jefferson
ian, Yours very truly,
W. P. GLOVER,