Millions of Dollars to Be the Reward
of the Inventor of a Successful
Cotton Picking Machine.
In that valuable book, “Cotton,” by Prof. Charles Wm. Burkett, of the North
Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts, in collaboration with Clar
ence Hamilton Poe, this statement is made*.
“But, some one reminds us, in this day of labor-saving machinery cotton
is still the one crop most fully dependent on hand labor. It is said that with
in fifty years the time of human labor required to produce a bushel of corn
has decreased from four hours to thirty-four minutes, and for a bushel of
wheat from three hours and ten minutes to ten minutes, while it is doubtful
if the time of human labor required to produce a pound of cotton has been
diminished even one-third. What then —when the world has begun to de
mand 25,000,000 bales of the South, even* though we have so improved our
seed and so built up our lands as to find no difficulty here, shall we not nev
ertheless be hopelessly balked by lack of labor for picking the crop? ♦ *
* ♦ Clearly, therefore, the making of a mechanical picker is a hard task,
and yet so fertile is the human imagination and so enormous are the re
wards awaiting the man who succeeds in making an effective picker—the
wealth of Croesus may be his —that we expect it to come, and to come not
very many years hence.* * * ♦ There are millions in it for the man who
succeeds at it; it is likely to be done if it can be done.”
After trying for a century and always failing, inventors had practically given
up the idea of ever succeeding in making a successful cotton-picking machine.
It has been known that the man who did finally conquer would accomplish more
for the world’s progress than the man who would discover the North Pole, and
would do as much for the cotton grower as the harvester did for the wheat crop.
The clumsy, useless and unsuccessful machines which heretofore have been
called “cotton pickers” have never done anything towards solving this problem
of quickly, cleanly and cheaply harvesting cotton.
Having been born and brought up in the South, my attention was many
years ago called to the necessity of such a machine and the possibilities should
I succeed. Therefore, after ten years of splendid success in building portable,
stationary and other housecleaning machinery, I turned my attention to the cot
ton-picking problem. By the application of the principles of mechanics used in
my other machinery and with my knowledge of Compressed Air and Vacuum, I
have been able to do exactly what I said I had done when I first announced my
Vacuum Cotton-Picking Machine.
The difficulty with the impossible machinery heretofore called cotton pick
ers has been that they have been designed by men either lacking in scientific
or mechanical knowledge or who failed to understand the nature of the cotton
product in the field. It was natural, therefore, that cotton growers were anxious
to be shown by actual demonstration that my machine would do the work. The
tests given have absolutely demonstrated its perfect efficiency. It has proven
that the statements made in my first announcement that “I will save millions
to the cotton growers of the world” and “I have solved the cotton-harvesting
problem” are true.
The result has been to compel me to seek greater factory facilities. I could
not at the present rate of manufacture fill the prospective orders in years. I
am, therefore, looking for a.«ite for a new plant which will cost in the neighbor
hood of $500,000 and which must be erected and in working order in the next
six months. I want to locate this factory in the South, either in or adjacent to
the cotton-growing sections. I am already in receipt of a number of proposi
tions from Southern cities desirous of securing this plant.
According to the United States Government Bulletin on cotton production
in 1907, that crop required 1,500,000 people to harvest it. As my smallest ma
chine will do the work of 14 people, we then have a market at once for 100,000
machines. I propose to manufacture these at the rate of 200 a month in my new
plant. It would, therefore, take 500 months, or 40 years, to manufacture enough
machines to gather the cotton crop of 1907, if the figures in the United States
Government Bulletin are correct.
The possibilities therefore, in the practically unlimited market for this ma
chine make an investment in the company which I have organized for its manu
facture about the safest thing that has ever been presented to any one.
I have organized the Vacuum Cotton-Picking Machine Company under the
laws of the state of Missouri, with a capital of $3,000,000. Os this sum $2,000,000
is common stock and $1,000,000 is cumulative preferred in shares of SIOO each,
bearing seven per cent, annual dividend guaranteed. I expect to sell enough of
the preferred stock at par to build the plant which I have mentioned. I will give
with every two shares of preferred stock one share of common, so that the holder
of preferred stock may participate in the management of the company as a
voting stockholder and secure such additional dividends as the common stock
will earn.
I prefer that this stock shall be held by the individual investor in every part
of the country. lam frank to say that the more people interested as stockhold
ers and as participants in the profits of the company, the more interest there
will be aroused in the machine, its sales and its wider introduction; hence the
greater success.
When I started to place my housecleaning machinery on the market I was
compelled to fight infringement at every stage in the game. I have won. I
own the total capital stock of $7.50,000 of the General Compressed Air and Vacu
um Machinery Company, with a business which is, I may say, gratifying in its
profits. It is not, therefore, as though I were beginning to put out my cotton
picking machine on a “shoestring.” I have a solid, substantial business back
of every statement 1 make.
I want to build this new plant this winter. I want to build the machine
with which the cotton production of this country will be revolutionized at this
new plant. I need $500,000 at once with which to carry out this plan, and be
cause I need it I am going to give the people an opportunity to secure this stock.
Write today for Prospectus and further information.
1 have now entered into an arrangement with the General Compressed Air
and Vacuum Machinery Company (which I also own) by which all of the ma
chinery of my housecleaning business will be manufactured by the Vacuum Cot
ton Picking Machine Company in the new plant at a profit to the latter com
pany, thus insuring the Cotton Picking Machine Company a profitable business
fromthe start. If, therefore, 1 establish an enormous plant for the manufacture
of my cotton-picking machines in the South it will take with it the present com
plete plant of my General Compressed Air and Vacuum Machinery Company,
adding enormously to the value of such a plant in any town where I may de
termine to locate, as well as to increase the profits of the Vacuum Cottton Pick
ing Machine Company.
OFFICE AND FACTORY: 4436-38 Olive Street, St. Louis, Mo.
Postal and Western Union Wires Direct Into Office.
1 expect the company to employ about five hundred skilled workmen and
mechanics at the beginning of our operations in the new plant, and the number
will be increased as necessity requires; as will the shop facilities, as mentioned
belcw. I confidently expect the company to employ one to two thousand persons
within one or two years after the opening of this plant.
The manufacture of the numerous compressed-air and vacuum machines
and appliances (designed and patented by me), which are now every-day stand
ards, has fully demonstrated the necessity of originally building along such
plans, and with a sufficiency of ground, so as to admit of ready extension and
increase of facilities.
The factory where these machines, are now built, in St. Louis, is now, for
the second time since its establishment, facing an imperative necessity for en
largement; and this will require a new location in order to secure the necessary
ground for the purpose. A tweive-acre plot in St. Louis had been selected for
this purpose, but it has been decided to consolidate the manufacture of these
machines with that of the Vacuum Cotton Picking Machines in the new factory
which will be erected at once in some city in the South.
These Vacuum and Compressed Air Housecleaning machines, as is well
known, are now standard all over the world, and are in use in five hundred cities
in the United States. In addition to the portable machines, which may be seen
in almost every city going from house to house to do their work, there are the
stationary plants which are a part of the permanent equipment of a building.
Nearly every prominent hotel, office or public building and many private resi
dences erected in the last five years are equipped with this modern sanitary
necessity, which is standard with the United States Government and specified
for ail of their new and remodeled buildings.
Adding to my Vacuum Cojton Picking Machine Company this big, complete
and well-organized business of manufacturing vacuum and compressed-air ma
chinery will give to every investor the impetus of a paying business from the
start.
Every dollar I receive for stock will be employed in building the new plant
and in the business of the Vacuum Cotton Picking Machine Company.
I want the people and public generally with me in this company because it
means a revolution in the cotton business and satisfactory profits, as I can show
to any one who will make an examination of the figures of cotton production
and who understands the future of the cotton industry.
’I he Vacuum Cotton Picking Machine Company is not now and never will
be the property of any trust.
The patents on this principle of gathering cotton by Vacuum are owned by
the Vacuum Cotton Picking Machine Co. The entire principle involved
GRAPHIC. PINE BLUFF.
COTTON PICKER GIVEN SATIS
FACTORY TEST.
Many Planters Were at Barrow Place
Yesterday to See the Vacuum Ma
chine Pick Cotton in the Open Field.
A most successful and satisfactory
test was given yesterday morning on
the Barrow plantation by the opera
/ tors of the new Vacuum cotton pick
ing machine, which was brought here
from St. Louis to give the planters of
this section a practical demonstration
of the workings of the mechanical de
vice.
Many interested persons, including
planters from all parts of the county,
were present at the exhibition. Only
one man was used to operate the big
machine, and only one side of it was
operated. The suction nozzle on the
machine picked cotton and picked it
clean, leaving the bare stalk standing
in the ground. The exhibition contin
ued for more than two hours, and
much cotton w T as picked, although it
was not the intention of the operators
to make a record as to the amount of
cotton gathered from the field. Vari
ous tools were tried on the machine,
which took up much of the time. This
was done to give those present an idea
of the workings of the machine.
Another point in favor of the cotton
picker was the fact that it picked Flo
rodora cotton, which is regarded as the
hardest cotton to pick in Southern
fields. This cotton sticks in the bolls,
but it failed to stick there when the
cotton picking machine came in con
tact with it. It was simply sucked out
of the bolls as clean as the human
hand could pick it. The exhibition was
very interesting and most satisfactory
to the cotton planters who doubted the
ability of the operators to pick cotton
by machinery.
hor, reducing the cost of cotton pro
duction, enabling the planter to make greater profits—exactly as harvesting ma
chinery has reduced the cost of wheat production.
Do you want to come in?
Do you want to participate in the profits which must come from the manu
facture of this machine?
Remittance of one-half the amount must be made with the reservation.
JOHN S. THURMAN, President,
Vacuum Colton Picking Machine Co.
and the appliances are fully covered.
It is the only Vacuum Cotton Picking
Machine. It is the only Cotton Pick
ing Machine to stand the test.
See what it did in the long “Floro
dora” coiton at the test at Pine Bluff,
Ark., and this too when the machine
had just gone through a wreck! Since
then it has been given other strenuous
tests, in the low. small cotton of Ar
kansas and in Louisiana.
It has stood every test. Different
styles and types of machines will be
built to meet every demand, all based
on the Thurman system principles,
ranging from $1,500 up in price, and to
do the work of 14 to 36 men.
In this advertisement are reproduced
a number of newspaper comments, in
every case unbiased opinions of people
who have viewed the machine in its
operation. In the prospectus, which
can be obtained by writing me, are re
produced a number of letters, one from
the governor of a leading cotton-grow
ing state, and others from cotton grow
ers interested in cotton production.
There is no hesitancy in any of the
indorsements about stating that the
Thurman Vacuum Cotton Picking Ma
chine is all that we have claimed for
it; a successful Cotton Picking Ma
chine destined to revolutionize cotton
harvesting.
This is the last call for those who
wish to participate in the profits of
the manufacture and sale of these ma
chines.
By next spring we expect to have
in operation the new plant with its
army of laborers erected in some
Southern city. With the erection of
this plant and with capital enough to
operate it, there will be no more stock
for sale. The people will own it and
get the benefits which, as Prof. Bur
kett says, must go into the millions.
It will not be in a trust or combine.
With a new plant and facilities for
manufacture the price of the machines
can be so reduced as to put them in
reach of all, solving the problem of la-