PAGE TWELVE
Watch Out, Farmer!
(Continued from Page 9)
The trick is, that the city man can easily,
and will certainly, register; while the foxy
farmer lives at a distance from the books, and
is apt to neglect the matter until it is too late.
LOOK OUT, FARMER! The city poli
ticians are afraid of your vote. They hope
that the new law will cut out the country peo
ple by the thousand.
Boys! Let us have that law changed.
Three months ahead of the election, is long
enough interval between registering and
voting.
When the Legislature meets again, the law
ought to be amended.
Won’t our friends of the Farmers’ Union
consider this? Won’t the F. U. News advo
cate the change? Will not the country press
agitate the matter?
® ® ®
Caught Stealing, The Atlanta
Journal
Some time ago, one of our staff caught on
to the fact that the Atlanta Journal was
using the editorials which Mr. Hearst syndi
cates from New York. We took occasion to
congratulate Mister Hoke’s paper on having
the good sense to use something which was
worth reading on its editorial page.
But it appears that the Journal confesses
its poverty in other than the editorial depart
ment. It steals the news which other papers
pay for. Anyway, that’s what the Georgian
charges and proves.
We’re not the least bit surprised.
Any paper that lies like the Atlanta Jour
nal, will steal.
® ® ®
How About the Milledgeville
Reformatory ?
Elsewhere in this issue will be found a let
ter from a good citizen of Georgia, in which
he tells what happened to his boy wdiile an
inmate of the State Reformatory at Milledge
ville. The gentleman has been given, by pri
vate letter, the legal information he sought.
But the manner in which our public insti
tutions are conducted is a matter that con
cerns everybody, and we therefore lay the let
ter itself before our readers.
We hope that it will attract the attention
of Governor Brown, and of the members of
the Legislature.
All public institutions, —like penitentiaries,
asylums, chain-gangs, sanitariums, reforma
tories, poor-houses, soldiers’ homes, etc., —are
peculiarly subject to the increeping of abuses.
The neatest person becomes dirty and un
canny if he neglects constant attention to his
person, and there never was any sort of es
tablishment in which human beings have
power over others, that did not need eternal
vigilance, and periodical reformation.
® IS ®
The Christian Index Refused to
Published
The letters following may interest you.
First comes Miss Sheppard’s missive to
The Jeffersonian:
Dear Mr. Watson: —Enclosed is an article
which I sent to the Index for publication, together
with its return.
Mr. Watson, I did not flattei' myself that I was
contributing anything of weighty importance to
this subject, and nothing new, save only that any
thing on this side of the question would be new
on the pages of the Index.
Do you think, Mr. Watson, that it is so hope
lessly insignificant and dull, that the brilliant
pages of the matchless Index could have been for
ever sullied by its appearance?
Sincerely your friend,
LEONORA SHEPPARD.
Tennille, Ga., September 2, 1909.
3effersonian
Next, we will show you a lemon which the
Index handed to Leonora:
The Christian Index,
Bell & Graham, Publishers.
Atlanta, Ga., September 1, 1909.
Miss Leonora Sheppard, Tennille, Ga.
Dear Miss Sheppard:—Yours of recent date,
enclosing an article on Foreign Missions, to hand.
We have examined it carefully, and do not see
anything new or specially important in your
views on the subject, and so beg to return same.
Yours truly, BELL & GRAHAM.
And now let us see whether, indeed, Miss
Sheppard’s article deserved the rap on the
knuckles which Brothers Bell and Graham
gave her.
It follows:
Foreign Missions
If Hon. Thos. E. Watson had attacked the doc
trine of Foreign Missions, there would be excuse
for the attitude of the clergy and of the religious
press; but inasmuch as he has only called in ques
tion the method of administration, their abuse on
the one hand, or grieved criticism on the other,
savors of Pharisaical intolerance.
Dr. Vaughn gives ominous warning that the ark
was never given a carriage of human devising
without a dead Uzzah as the result. And we can
not help wondering what assurance he has that
the ark of Foreign Missions is not now jolting on
the ox cart, instead of being borne smoothly on
the shoulders of the priests.
The defense for the methods employed either
ignore the costly churches provided in foreign
lands, or make the excuse that it is necessary to
offset the magnificence of the heathen temple, in
offering to an idol worshipper a place of worship
rivaling, somewhat in splendor, the one he aban
dons. Denying in effect the power of the Gospel
to save, without added inducements made by man.
If, instead of ignoring conditions at home and
going so far afield to uncover the stench of other
nations, the religious press of the country would
bring to the light some of the dark things hiding
here, people would have more confidence in the
reality of religion. Who exposed the awfulness
of the convict lease system, the corruption of the
asylum, and other foul blots which heathendom
might rival but could not surpass?
The doctrine of a worldwide Gospel is a foun
dation upon which every Christian should stand;
but a superstructure of man’s building is apt to
grow insupportable, and so, surely topple to its
fall. LEONORA SHEPPARD.
Now, by the beards of all our fathers, w T e
declare that we think Miss Sheppard’s article
timely, well put, and unanswerable. She
makes one point that Mr. Watson had not
made, and it is one that every religious work
er in this country ought to consider.
When an eloquent beggar, like Rev. Dr.
Simpson, comes to Atlanta, and raises SII,OOO
for foreign hospitals, dispensaries, asylums,
secular schools, kindergartens, and bribed
“converts”, —how do you suppose the poor
people of Atlanta feel about it?
Recently a Baptist preacher published a
statement to the effect that there were, in a
short distance from his church, four or five
thousand white folks who were too destitute
to dress so that they could come to church.
What sort of an opinion of the sincerity of
Atlanta Christianity will those wretched out
casts have, when they reflect upon the charity
which thinks more of Koreans, Hindoos, Chi
nese and distant Africans than of the suffer
ing poor who lie in rags and hunger at our
own gate?
Oh, Brothers Bell and Graham! Are your
mantles of mercy cut to fit none but the aliens
and foreign races?
Miss Sheppard’s letter was not long, and it
is strong; and after having given so many of
your pages to articles attacking Watson, you
might very well have been generous and fair
enough to have allowed this Georgia girl a
little space to defend him.
® ® ®
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
A case that has attracted attention through
out the country is the Sutton case.
Several years ago Lieutenant Sutton was
found dead on the reservation belonging to
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland.
A court of inquiry was held, immediately,
and the verdict was that Sutton committed
suicide.
Away out on the Pacific coast lived Sut
ton’s mother and loving sister.
They knew that Sutton had not committed
suicide. They believed that Sutton had been
murdered.
After many weeks of hard work they se
cured a re-opening of the case, but like the
other jury it was packed,—a jury of officers
ready to shield their brother officers at any
cost.
The verdict of this court was the same as
that of the first.
Any person who read the evidence from
day to day will hardly agree with this court.
They will be more inclined to believe that
Sutton was murdered, and that the murderer
shot him from the back.
The pomp and stiffness of this court was
also enough to make the average person be
lieve that there had been a crime committed,
which these brass buttoned fops, who draw
their easy pay from the taxpayer, were trying
to hide.
But so it is in military and naval circles.
Some of our commanding officers are trying
to ape those of Europe, and they have the
same contempt for the average citizen who
gives him his daily bread as he has for the
private soldier under him.
* * * *
A peculiar feature of the Sutton case is
that just about the time the case was to be
re-opened the dead Sutton’s brother, who was
a cadet at West Point, was so brutally hazed
that he was confineci to the hospital for
weeks.
Superintendent Scott made a thorough in
vestigation of the case, and reported the facts
and names of the guilty ones to President
Taft. The President immediately had them
expelled from the academy.
One of the young men expelled happens to
be a Georgian.
Efforts are being made to have the young
men re-instated, but we hope these efforts will
fail.
Every boy entering college expects to be
hazed, —pranks and jokes played on him and
a little rough handling in a good-natured
way.
But brutally beating and maiming a man
is not hazing.
Six or a dozen school boys who will take
one boy and brutally beat him belong to the
same class as does the city thug who has his
“gang” beat up a pedestrian because he does
not care to be robbed of his pocketbook.
S [§] gj
At last the long sought North Pole has been
reached by Dr. Frederick A. Cook, of Brook
lyn, N. Y. It was discovered on April 21,
1908, but the news of the discovery only
reached the civilized world last Wednesday,
September 1.
Whether or not this discovery will be of
benefit to scientists and geographers is yet to
be learned.
But whatever the benefit of Dr. Cook’s vic
tory is, it may be said that it has been won at
a great cost of human life.
Indeed, it may be said that the trail to the
North Pole is strewn with the skeletons of
human beings.
But so we find it all the way through his
tory, —some daring explorer always anxious
to discover some unexplored land, —even at
the cost of his life, —some scientist making
equal sacrifices to make discoveries valuable
to science.
While there is no possibility of Cook’s dis
covery changing the map of the world, as did
Columbus’ discovery of the West Indies,
which we call the discovery of America, it
may make a few important changes.
Anyway, Dr. Cook’s detailed account of his
trip and observations will be well worth
studying.