PAGE TWELVE
YOU CAN’T LOSE BOOKER.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
his mother his first impressions of Abraham
Lincoln. As a fancy-sketch, it did great credit
to Booker’s imagination. It had the desired
effect. Northern newspapers went wild over
the speech, and the learned Doctor got free ad
vertising worth many thousands to Tuskeegee
and its astute founder. We have no doubt
that Booker returned to Alabama greatly re
freshed financially.
One thing that Booker said in his speech, and
which was enthusiastically praised by the
Northern papers, was this:
“You cannot keep any man in the ditch,
without staying in the ditch with him.’’
The learned Doctor was of course alluding
to the negro who is being kept in the ditch by
the white man.
The New York World threw a fit of admira
tion over this profound remark about the ditch.
According to that logic, we Caucasians can
not allow the lower races to remain as God
made them, without descending to the level
of those inferior races. If there is any ditch
in the case, God made it, not the Caucasians.
h n
The Parson Was Wrong.
The Gwinnett News-Herald has the follow
ing item:
“Rev. Charles H. Branch preached an un
usually strong missionary sermon at the Meth
odist church Sunday morning, after which
collection was taken and $199.95 contributed.
He handled without gloves the recent state
ment of Tom Watson that 90 per cent of the
money contributed to missions never reached
the foreign field. The records of the Methodist
church show that only 7 per cent is required
to meet every expense, and the minister stated
that doubtless the Baptist and Presbyterian
churches could show equally as good financier
ing-”
Parson Branch misrepresents the old man.
It; was the New York World which made the
statement that 90 per cent of the mission funds
failed to reach the heathen. The Jeffersonian
specifically declined to endorse the assertion.
It seems to us that ministers of the Gospel
should be careful to speak nothing but the
truth, when they take advantage of the pulpit
to denounce a fellow citizen by name.
They should not permit their devouring zeal
for the heathen to lead them to the extent of
slandering their brethren. It was not in good
taste for Parson Branch to personate Mr. Wat
son at all; but, if he found it impossible to re
sist the temptation, he should have religiously
adhered to the truth. *
If what he said is correctly reported in the
above clipping, the good Parson wandered very
far from the truth.
The fact pf the business is, that the old man's
position on this missionary matter is so Bib
lical, and so full of horse sense, that the men
who attack it won't gain much by it, unless
they misrepresent him.
Christ told his disciples to go and preach the
gospel to all the world. Let the glad tidings
of salvation pierce the remotest regions of the
inhabited globe. Mr. Watson contends that
the word preach, MEANS preach. He con
tends that the word preach does not mean feed,
clothe and educate. He contends that the de
livery of the message of Jesus does not include
the maintenance of a commissary and the fur
nishing of board, tuition, books, fuel and medi
cine to the yellow, brown and black children of
the Orient.
He contends that the establishment and
expensive support of free Kindergartens,
schools and colleges, to give an English edu
cation to Hindus, Chinese and Japanese, is al
together a mistaken policy, so long as we leave
our own children to grow up without the ad
vantages which we are giving to the heathen.
The little white boys and girls of our own
race constitute our national household. And
the good Book tells us that he who provideth
Gfce. 3affersonian
not for his own household is worse than an
infidel.
Reader! Why not take Jesus at his word,
and content ourselves with preaching the Gos
pel to the heathen? We are not commanded
to do any more. And we have no moral right
to do any more, until we have first fed, clothed
and educated the members of our own great
Caucasian family.
One of the true sayings of that beautiful
character, Frances Willard, was This:
“It is better to stir an issue without settling
it, than to settle it Without stirring it."
Now most of you have settled this question
of Foreign Missions without having stirred it.
You have only heard one side. The Mission
ary Sermon and the denominational paper, are
your sole distributors of information. These
are committed to present system, just as the
daily newspaper and the average office-holder
is committed to the two old political parties.
In the April number of The Jeffersonian
Magazine there will be an article on Foreign
Missions which you should read. Even Par
son Branch might derive edification from it.
. M H I?
Editorial Notes,
By J. D. Watson.
The report of Commissioner of Corporations
Smith, on the growth of the American Tobacco
Company, gives a fair example of what the
Trusts are able to do under our present laws
in the way of crushing the little fellow and ac
cumulating millions by the process.
In 1890 the American Tobacco Company had
a capital of $25,000,000, while today it has (ex
cluding inter company holdings) a net capital
ization of $316,346,821.
This shows an increase of over $291,000,000
in nineteen years.
Who believes that any business could in
crease so in such a length of time by doing a
legitimate business?
The methods of the Tobacco Trust are the
same as other Trusts use in making their im
mense fortunes, and who is to blame?
The people are indirectly, and our laws di
rectly.
But after all the people are responsible for
the laws. x
The Representatives whom the people elect
to make their laws would soon enact laws by
which the Trusts could be controlled if the
people would wake up.
If the people will arouse themselves, the
Courts would soon begin to hesitate before a
law was declared unconstitutional.
Watch your law-making representative and
when he begins to represent the trust instead
of you, “crack his head" at the next election
and elect another man to take the job.
Let the people try this simple remedy for
awhile and see what a wonderful change there
will be.
*
So the Hon. Philander C. Knox, of Pennsyl
vania. is to be Mr. Taft's Secretary of State
and Righthand Bower anyhow.
Although Knox, as Senator, made himself in
eligible to hold the office by voting for an in
crease in the salary of the same, yet we must
have him.
As Attorney General, Mr. Knox didn’t “bust"
many Trusts by prosecutions, and, undoubted
ly, the 'Trusts will think Mr. Taft has made a
very wise selection for his chief cabinet officer.
And how is Knox to be made eligible after
making himself ineligible?
Trust our able Senators to solve the prob
lem.
They simply put the salary back to where it
was before Knox voted for the increase so that
Knox would not be “embarrassed" by being
barred by thq. Constitution.
When the salary of Secretary of State was
increased, the salary of the President and every
other Cabinet officer was increased in like pro
portion.
When the salary of Secretary of State was
reduced, were the salaries of the others also re
duced to help lift the taxpayers’ burden?
No!
Mr. Taft’s, the Secretary of War’s, the other
Secretaries’, the Vice President’s, and Speaker
Joe Cannon’s all remain the same as smee the
increase.
But the Secretary of State’s, the most impor
tant in the Cabinet, was reduced, and only on
Knox’s account.
If the salary of the most important Cabinet
officer was reduced, why not the salaries of the
lesser important?
Doesn’t it look like Mr. Taft, and the Sen
ate, were paying some campaign pledge, and
the pledge was the most important Cabinet
portfolio ?
Who will dare accuse the present Senate of
being hostile to the, Trusts, and who can prove
to any fair-minded man that the Trusts are
hostile to Mr. Philander C. Knox’s appoint
ment to the position of Secretary of State?
During Jefferson’s, or Jackson’s time, the
Senate would not have dared violate the letter
and meaning of the Constitution by any such
action.
What is the difference in making a law to
let one man hold office and whitewashing one
Trust ?
*
The Senate has passed the Pension bill car
rying an appropriation of $160,000,000 and the
Army bill appropriating $102,000,000.
This Congress should be known as the “Con
gress that squandered the taxpayer’s money."
Only a few years ago a Congress that spent
one billion dollars of th»e taxpayers’- money
caused alarm throughout the country, and at
the next election the majority of the members
of the succeeding Congress were members of
the opposite party to the party that was in
control during the “Billion Dollar Congress."
Enough of the members of this Congress
(the first under President Flarrison’s adminis
tration) were defeated to give the Democrats
in the_ next House a majority and dethrone
Hon. Thos. B. Reed as Speaker.
But things didn’t change.
The Democratic House allowed more of the
people’s money spent than had “Tom" Reed’s
“Billion Dollar Congress."
Then followed the next presidential election
with Mr. Cleveland’s victory over Mr. Harri
son.
Everything was then Democratic, the Presi
dent and Congress, and the country was
SAVED.
Yes, we -all know what Mr. Cleveland and
his Democratic Congress did for us.
We have been told often enough, not to
know, how J. P. Morgan got the “whip hand"
of that administration.
The first Congress after the “Billion Dollar
Congress" spent more money than the preced
ing Congress.
The present Congress will spend almost
Two billion dollars of our money.
'Phe “Billion Dollar Congress" was a Repub
lican Congress, and the following Congress that
raised the limit on the billion was a Democrat
ic Congress.
That is the way it goes; either old party, and
the same old game is played on the taxpayer.
1 o use the terms of a well known fraternity
of Congressmen: “Take off the limit."
Yes, take off the limit for the taxpayer puts
up the ante.
Mr. Taft has inspected the works on the
Panama Canal and is pleased at the showing’
made.
When the work was first begun, we expected
it to be finished by this time.
But now comes the anouncement that it is
to continue until 1915.
Six more years of heavy appropriations,
growing heavier each year, and with no posi
tive assurance as to when it will stop. When
1915 draws near the time limit is apt to be ex
tended to 1920, and so it will go.