PAGE FOURTEEN
OUR PREMIUMS
All Subscribers to WATSON’S
MAGAZINE or THE JEFFERSONIAN
will receive free of charge,any of the
following Premiums iff they ask for
them at the same time that they send
in their money.
TOM WATSON KNIFE: A dollar knife, with a life-like
photograph of Mr. Watson under the transparent handle.
For one subscription or renewal, SI.OO.
SELF-SHARPENING SHEARS: Eight inches long; finest
steel; never wear out. For one subscription or renewal,
SI.OO.
BIBLE PICTURES: In full colors, beautifully printed on
high-art paper; a pictorial history of the Bible. For 25
cents, 3 months' subscription and 10 pictures; for 50 cents,
6 months' subscription and 30 pictures; for SI.OO, 1 year’s
subscription and 60 pictures; for $2.00, 2 year's subscrip
tion, or two new yearly subscriptions, or two yearly re
newals. and 120 pictures in a handsome portfolio.
MUSIC: From time to time we will publish a list of standard
sheet music, from which selections may be made. Yearly
subscribers will be entitled to 6 pieces; subscribers for 3
months, at 50 cents, 3 pieces; subscribers for 3 months, at
25 cents, 1 piece.
HISIORY OF ENGLAND, by Charles Dickens, handsomely
bound in cloth. Mr. Watson says this is the most demo
cratic history of the English people that has ever been
written. For one subscription or renewal, SI.OO.
SKETCHES OF ROMAN HISTORY, by Thos. E. Watson.
A very interesting book; dramatic scenes in the lives of the
Roman people. For one subscription or renewal, SI.OO.
These premiums are given, free of all charge, to subscrib
ers at the regular price of SI.OO per year, for Watson’s Maga
zine or The Jeffersonian. Subscribers in clubs with other pa
pers or magazines, or at reduced rates, are not entitled to pre
miums.
SAVE YOUR MONEY BY CLUBBING. If you are a
subscriber to other magazines or papers, we can save you
money. If you will drop us a postal card, we will name you
cheaper clubbing rates than any agent.
Mr. Watson's books can be obtained separately, or in com
plete autographed sets, as premiums for subscriptions. Write
for particulars.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GEORGIA
I
ZSfce 3efiersonlan
Are the Missionaries Trying to Awake the
Orient Spiritually for the Glory of
Christ, or Commercially, for the
Glory of Wall Street?
Dear Sir:—l have been reading
with very great interest your eye
opening articles on the subject of
Foreign Missions. Until recently I
was an ardent supporter of Foreign
Missions. I so fully trusted the
teachers of “God’s way’’ that when
the collector came around I would
give the full assessment, never stop
ping to investigate the cause; only
thinking that I was just helping to
send or “Preach the Gospel to every
creature.” Since reading your first
article on the subject, I have made a
close study of “What we are Doing
for the Heathen,” and find it differ
ent from what it seems to be. When
I learned from you that we are pay
ing annually $21,719,707 to the
cause, and find that the statistics
corroborate your statement, I know
that there is something doing some
way. One of the parsons will tell
us that we spend $900,000,000 per
year for tobacco—another need for
more work at home —but I ask any
parson to tell how much the Chi
nese spend for opium?
T was desirous of learning where
this enormous sum goes, so I went
to a pastor thinking I would secure
the desired information. During
our talk the conversation drifted to
God’s plan of missions, but we could
not agree on this part; I could un
derstand the commission only in this
way: That God said, “Go ye into all
the world and preach the Gospel to
every creature.” Results —“He that
believes and is baptised shall be
saved, but he that believes not shall
be damned.” I could not under
stand why we were to educate the
heathen before converting them. But
the pastor, who is perfectly sincere
in his work, said that he was afraid
I did not understand and that he
would let me have a book that would
explain the work. I thanked him
for the chance of learning all I could
by reading the book. It was a col
lection of speeches, or addresses, de
livered at Chattanooga, Tenn., April
21-23, 1908, by the members of the
Laymen’s Missionary Movement of
the M. E. C. S. In perusing this book
I find on page 16 this resolution,
which was passed by the Conference:
Section 3. “That the pastors be
urged to preach the gospel of money;
and, to the end that they be un
hampered in so doing, we recom
mend that the stewards, wherever
practicable, relieve our pastors of
talking all collections.”
Mr. Watson, is it possible that the
followers of the lowly Nazarene are
to cease preaching the Gospel of our
Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and
preach the gospel of money? Can
it be that we have reached the point
where we are willing to reject our
God and bow to the “God of Gold?”
Would not this be idolatry in its
most gross meaning? Can we find
anywhere in the teachings of Jesus
where he said that we should wor
ship gold and be indifferent to the
work of showing men and women the
way of salvation? Even Confucius
did not teach this, and we yet call
his followers “heathen.”
When, O ministers, do you mean
to cease abusing our confidence?
How long is that passion of yours
still to mislead us? When is there
to be an end of that boldness? Does
not your conscience pain you? You
teach that it is our duty as Chris
tians to lend a helping hand to our
Chinese brothers, who are in the
deep ditch of heathenism, who are
steeped in ignorance, vice and crime,
who have no idea of civilization, and
who have no true God to worship.
May God have mercy on them to save
them from the worship of gold. But
the Chinese are not so low in civili
zation as you might believe. To
prove this I will quote from Dr. D.
L. Anderson, Soochow, China. On
page 171 you will find this state
ment:
“Now, if you will take China, her
ideas in this matter are nearer to
those of the Son of God than ours.
She has always abhorred physical
force, and it has been her rule for
ages past in dealing with men to ap
peal to their intellectual and moral
faculties, not to mere physical force.
Hating war, having a contempt even
for her own military officials, with
out an army in the past such as we
would call an army—there have
been great congregations of men,
but not soldiers—yet China stands
today a great empire. Do you re
member that he said: ‘Blessed are
the meek: for they shall inherit the
earth?’ I think that the most strik
ing fulfillment of those words that
we have on earth today is the Chi
nese people. They haw attained to
their present position, have occupied
so large a portion of the territory of
the earth, not by the sword, but sim
ply by the strength and superiority
of their civilization. China did not
grow by the sword, and I am confi
dent that China never will be de
stroyed by the sword. There is not
power enough in the mere physical
forces of the earth to destroy her.
So China stands, today, strong in her
ancient civilization, antedating that
of all other nations of the earth;
strong in the truth that she has held,
and is still holding; strong in her
vast territories, with her varied cli
mate, rich in agricultural and min
eral products; strong in her im
mense population, persistent, la
borious, economical —and unwar
like.”
Dr. Anderson should know what
the condition of China is. He has
been there for several years, and is
with the Soochow University. An
university which was established by
us (who are inferior to the Chinese,
according to the Doctor) for the pur
pose of educating the Chinese to our
ways.
Do the Chinese want our ways?
If so, they can send representatives
to learn our civilization, and then
the representatives can teach their
own people. Why should we spend
millions in educating them?
Are they calling for the Gospel?
I will answer by quoting from Mr.
William T. Ellis, Philadelphia:
“I can not come to you and say
that China wants the gospel; I do
not believe she does. I did not find
that the situation in the world today
is represented ,by the Macedonian
man crying, ‘Come over and help
us.’ ” (Page 161.)
Mr. Ellis has made the subject of
missions a study; he has traveled ex-
(Concluded on Page 16)