“Madcap nellie.”
(Continued from Page Three.)
skill and daring spirit. I owe you
a debt I can never repay, and I shall
always love you as I would love a
daughter. ”
A knock at the front door inter
rupted the conversation, and the
girl hastened from the room to an
swer it. He heard a whispered con
versation in the next room, and a
moment later his son entered his
apartment and advanced to. his bed
side, a happy smile on his face.
“Oh, father, thank God you are
better, and will now recover!’’
“Well, George, my only boy, I
am glad you have been with me. It
shows that you yet have a warm
place in your heart for your old
father. You, no doubt, have guessed
what brought me here, and brought
me so near to a horrible death, and,
weak as I am, I must make one
appeal to your manhood, to your love
for me, to your reverence for the
memory of your sainted mother, and
implore you to give up that vulgar,
wild girl, and go home with me. Will
you do it, my son?”
I Jeffersonian Premiums i
® tg
84 HOW TO GET UP A CLUB our premiums 03
LO Every article offered is the best that (XI
prog ’ can be procured for the money. It is
MC Get the people interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on
an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the iNo
thev have read it thev will know for If Preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them 11/
OJ themselves that it’is the best paper in to y ™ to distribute personally Person- for the least number of subscriptions that Krf
x al and persistent solicitation is the great we can. |« J
VO th V°4 secret of success. “It’s dogged as does RENEWALS
*sMi Write down the names and address-S Renewals count the same as new sub- LO
(AJ of your friends who are not already sub- send your names in at any time —even scribers. tvt
scribers, and send them to us. We will you bave on iy one —and state what subscription rates NW
send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; EO
name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year.
ca H u P° n the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions Oj
sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year.
IjJ Premium for 20 Magazine Subscriptions, win be surprised and pleased when you Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, bhJ
Wj or 15 Weekly Subscriptions see the set - or 3 Weekly Subscriptions
A set of 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ THE MONARCH ATLAS OF THE | TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
G/ Silver Plated Cutlery—6 tablespoons, 6 WORLD Retail price SB. AND PRACTICAL HOUSEKEEPING— Q/
table forks, 6 teaspoons, 6 triple- THE WORLD AND ITS PEOPLE—A An encyclopedia of household affairs; 800 /|<
JJJ plated table knives, 1 butter knife, 1 book, 352 pages of illustrated text, 65 pages; handsomely bound; 3,300 recipes. TJLj
KS sugar spoon. A very handsome set. The pagps of “ aps ’ 750 half-tones from rare Large, clear type.
KI retail price of this premium is sls. photographs. Bound m silk cloth. EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don’t CQ
Hl O LD MISSION SHELF CLOCK-With wait for barber> but shave yours ° e V
. • real weights, beautiful and reliable. Complete outfit. You can shave yourself
LQ Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, m ISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- in five minutes. j
wj or 10 Weekly Subscriptions thedral glass. Retail price sls. OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—This is for jjftj
g&J WEBSTER’S IMPERIAL DICTIONARY the good, old fashioned folks. It is a
Qj —Unabridged. This is a ten dollar die- Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, handsome razor, made of the best
tionary, well printed, well bound, nearly Op 5 WeeklV SubSCriotionS English steel, mounted in a carved white
,Q 2,000 pages, with several thousand Ulus- 7 P bone handle.
AX trations, tables, colored plates and en- BREAKFAST SET Thirty-one pieces. CHINA CAKE SET—Seven pieces, fruit
gfej gravings. It is at once a dictionary and Very handsome. decorations. MJ
JQ an encyclopedia. RE ° L , ET m ER student ’ s bible ~ FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe- Cfi
PR OLD MISSION PENDULUM CLOCK- F ’ exlble leather dOV « rs - red under Ko,d ty clip, 14-karat gold. KS
MS Elght-day movement, cathedral gong. edges; contains 16 pictures of the Holy W
LU The case and dial are of solid oak, with an • B ™ P % h a e w *rd P s S f ° r Premiums for 3 Magazine Subscriptions. LU
brass figures, hands and pendulum bulb. 01 ine niD,e - ine woras 01 unnst are n - 0 WppltTv
Jj a guarantee by the manufacturers in- Panted in red. Fully described and il- practical flrminc P ANn cap /J
'n sures its absolute reliability as a time- lustrated on another page. DENING-An u, r n
SS piece. Its rich artistic beauty will en- EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK tereste.i book , tor a ” LU
Th hance the decorative effect of any home. -A beautiful ornament and a reliable descrlbed and ii lust '
DINNER SET —Forty-seven pieces. p page.
These are genuine, high-grade, expensive £ PRE ®^ STATION EDITION OF THE EIGHT INCH ADJUSTABLE SHEARS JJ&J
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful M gnificently bound. —Special steel, nickel plated; never wear
French decorations and gold edges. Each DAIS’* TRAVELING CLOCK—In Mo- out. Fully described and illustrated on }mS
piece is full size for everyday use. You rocco case. . another page. lAd
“Father, I have always known you
as a just man. Your enviable repu
tation for honesty, square dealing
and justice to all men is the founda
tion upon which your great business
at Dallas has been built up. I ask
you, now, as a man, is it just to con
demn a person of whom you know
nothing? But I am yet loyal to the
best old father on earth. I would
do nothing to cast a cloud upon your
pathway in your declining years. I
will make you this sacred promise. I
saw Nellie here, in this house, as I
entered, and will bring her to your
bedside. After seeing her and talk
ing with her, if you ask me to give
her up, I will do so, and drive her
from my presence that instant, and
go home with you.”
“God bless you, you are yet my
own son,” the old man cried with
great warmth. “But I cannot bear
to look upon that creature, George.
Give her right up —right now. Go
to her and tell her that it is my wish
—my command, and you must obey
it.”'
“No r father, that would be unjust,
and entirely unlike vou. Do you
15l>e 3effersoniart
accede to my proposition ?’ ’
“Yes, bring the girl here. Can
my little nurse be present at the
interview ? ’ ’
“Yes, father, I will bring her
also. ’ ’
George left the room, and a few
minutes later re-entered leading the
young nurse by the hand. The old
man had conjured up a look of stern
disgust, and was holding to it
tenaciously when the. young couple
entered. They stood by the bedside
a few moments amid a painful
silence, which was broken by the
voice of the aged father:
“Why don’t the creature come?
Has the scheming hussy’s heart
failed her at the thought of facing
an outraged father?”
‘ hSihe is here. ’ ’
“Who is here?”
“Nellie Stover—‘Madcap Nellie’—
who saved your life and is nursing
you back to health and strength
again. ”
Ignoring his pain, the old man
rose up in the bed and gazed from
•one to the other in blank amazement.
His face turned red and white by
turns, and he vainly essayed to speak.
Finally, he sank back upon his pillow
with a groan, and fairly shouted:
“Os all the mean, infernal, abomi
nable, contemptible tricks to play on
a helpless sick man, this stands at the
head! Begone! Leave the room! Get
out of my sight before I get up and
throw vou out, vou miserable schem
ers!’’
They quickly retired, but in a few
moments Nellie stole softly back into
the old man’s chamber. She left the
door slightly ajar, and after a time
George cautiously approached and
peeped in. Nellie was kneeling by
the bedside, her head bowed upon the
invalid’s pillow, while he softly
stroked her lovely brown hair.
It is still said that the wedding in
the Bolton mansion at Dallas eclipsed
in grandeur any event ever seen in
the state of Texas. The fair bride’s
father and mother, two of the most
respected people of northern Texas,
were present, and seemed as proud of
their new son as Banker Bolton w 7 as
of his new “Madcap” daughter.—
The Banner of Gold.
PAGE SEVEN