- - ■
C>l)e Jeffersonian
VOLUME. FOUR
NUMBER ONE
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
The number of survivors of the
Civil War will be taken at the census
of 1910. This was provided for
through an amendment to the census
bill proposed by John Lamb, of Vir
ginia, cavalry captain under General
Lee.
Troops composing the “army of in
tervention ”, will be, it is announced,
withdrawn from Cuba, beginning Jan
uary Ist. The provisional govern
ment, under Magoon, will come to an
end about January 28th. When the
annexation proceedings are to begin,
our “great war lords” have not as
yet advised.
Elihu Root,- Secretary of State,
and Japanese Ambassador Takahira
have exchanged diplomatic notes in
reference to the Eastern situation.
The Associated Press says:
“The declaration is not a treaty,
simply a reaffirmation of what both
Japan and the United States have
stood for in China and the far East
generally. It has no legal standing,
but its greatest benefit will be that
derived from the moral effect it will
exercise in the future diplomacy gov
erning the far East. In this respect
it has been likened to the Monroe
doctrine in American history. It was
pointed out today as rather a singu
lar coincidence that the exchange of
notes with Japan regarding China
should occur on the same day as that
on which Tang Shao Yi had come to
thank the American government for .
the remission of the Boxer indem
nity.”
It is not difficult to see, however,
in thir “exchange of notes” another
usurpation by the executive of pow
ers belonging to the legislative. Root
is imbued with the unchangeable con
viction that the people cannot be
trusted to govern themselves and he
has skilfully worded the note so as
to avoid anything that could techni
cally be construed as a treaty, while
the note will have the same force and
effect. An “artful dodger” is
Elihu.
The ingratitude of nations is again
exemplified in the pauper death of
brave William Hanrahan in Newark.
Though he was one of the four heroes
who went under the walls of the city
of Tieff-Tsin to rescue dead and
wounded Americans in the Boxer
war, and though in his effects were
found letters from John D. Long,
’ Secretary of the Navy in McKinley’s
cabinet, and Major Regan, of the
board of awards of the U. S. army,
A Weekly Paper Edited b 7 WATSON and J. D. WATSON
z ”4 U
commending him for bravery in ac
tion, he will be buried miserably in
the Potters’ field.
The Senate paid a special compli
ment to Helen D. Longstreet, widow
of the Confederate general, in con
firming her appointment as postmis
tress at Gainesville, Georgia, on the
same day the nomination was re
ceived.
Wilbur Wright, of Dayton, Ohio, is
still in the lead of the world when it
comes to flying machines. His aero
plane, at Lemans, France, won the
prize Michelin cup, for remaining in
the air nearly two hours, the best pre
vious record being one hour and a
half, also made by Mr. Wright, Sep
tember last.
Frederick A. Hyde, one of the fore
most thieves in the great conspiracy
to defraud the government out of im
mense tracts of land in Oregon and
Washington, has been sentenced to
two years’ imprisonment and a fine
of SIO,OOO.
The Supreme Court has just held
that the Interstate Commerce Com
mission does not have “unlimited
powers” to compel testimony. This
grew out of the effort of the commis
sion to force E. H. Harriman to take
the witness chair in the investigation
into the affairs of the Union Pacific.
So Mr. Harriman, perhaps the only
competent witness in a matter over
which the people presume the Inter
state Commerce Commission has juris
diction, may not be questioned! And
Mr. Roosevelt would repeal the Sher
man act and put all the railroads at
once in the hands of the Interstate
Commerce Commission! How nice it
would be for the railroads. And how
truthful was the modest prophecy of
Mr. Harriman, when he commented
on Mr. Roosevelt’s probable message
to Congress, that he would advocate
just those things! “Practical men”
are Messrs. Harriman and Roosevelt;
very practical men.
New Orleans has been chosen by
the executive committee of the Farm
ers’ Union as the permanent head
quarters of the organization.
British steamship Oldhamia, which
was captured first by the Russians and
Atlanta, Ga., Thu*. ©g/anuary 7, 1909
subsequently by the Japanese in their
“late unpleasantness” seems to be a
dead loss all around, since the .supreme
prize court, at St. Petersburg, reject
ed the claim of the owners of the ship
and its contents. It is interesting to
find that the cargo belonged to the
Standard Oil, which was probably
sending its product to the scene of
the conflict for its usual beneficent
purpose of “pouring oil upon the
troubled waters.”
One of the most frightful disasters
in all history befell Southern Italy
and the adjacent island of Sicily on
Monday, December 28th, when the
eruption of Mt. Etna, an earthquake,
flood and fire combined to create a
wide and appalling devastation in
which it is estimated that perhaps one
hundred thousand people perished im
mediately, and thousands are dying
daily since from fire, from injury, ex
posure. and now starvation. One-half
the population of Sicily and Calabria
are dead. It would be impossible to
exaggerate the horrors of the ca
lamity, which is greater than that fol
lowing the eruption of Mt. Pelee, and
more .piteous in that the injured in
countless cases could not be rescued
from burning ruins, and that the sur
vivors face not only the sorrows of
an awful bereavement, but absolute
destitution. The entire coast line has
in many places been completely
MMaMamMwammmMmmmMMMMMMMaMMMMMM-BMMHMMBMM.MMaMLMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOMMMMMMMMi^M4C4MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMBMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmb
J*' w WWWWWVWHWUHWtWHIUiHVUHWWWWUWVWW
| SPECIAL PREMIUM OFFERS |
j; Story of France, for 6 subscribers, at regular $
<► price, to either Jeffersonian. f
<► Napoleon, for 4 subscribers to either. |
<• Waterloo, for 3 subscribers to either. |
j» Life and Tinies of Jefferson, 4 subscribers to |
«: either. |
<► Bethany, for 3 subscribers. :»
<► Handbook of Political History and Economic
Questions, 2 subscribers. :►
I Sketches From Roman History, 1 new Subscri
ber, sent by another than the subscriber. <>
Life and Speeches Thos. F. Watson, 3 sub- J:
scribers. <>
changed, where the sea rushed in great
tidal waves to devour the riven land.
Enormous graft has been uncovered,
through the activity of the Voters’
League of Pittsburg, in that city,
where it appears that nearly $200,000
was paid by certain banks to induce
councilmen to select them as deposi
tories for the city’s funds.
In the big plant of the Corn Prod
ucts Refining Company, near Chicago,
a large force of employees are kept
in virtual bondage. They are in debt
to their employers, and not allowed
to leave a stockade built for their de
tention. The name of John D. Rocke
feller. Jr., has been mentioned as the
promoter of this fine peonage scheme,
but he has strenuously denied the
charge and sued the paper publishing
it for libel. But the facts as to the
existence of >a pen in which men are
working out an “indebtedness,”
which it is not the intention of the
creditor ever to allow paid, are not
denied.
Japanese professors have been oust
ed from the University of Pekin, while
it is stated that from 20,000 Chinese
students in Tokio, the number has di
minished until there are but a few
thousand. It is evident that the two
great Mongolian races are not growing
more friendly to each other.
Price Five Cents