PAGE SIXTEEN
„ t _ 3 —-|
■III lyWrAwW
■■ IBSI W RIW 111 H IWm mIHHIIU h£h
■I BUHr H w M til H H til 11 111 it tlliill
illll EPrif JKlk Wf JIII wSf Rll 08. Wis JHI illl w
c jp 3 TL. z _ zZ 3 I the. body and does it in away that satisfies the body-owner. It is a
IL El® lj£y©(ulJl a IL ©Bl® I pure remedy, that all the family, young and old, can use. It contains
wants you to try a full-sized one dollar box of Bodi-Tone at its risk no poisonous drugs it contains no harmful drugs it contains nothing
I and expense, so that you will get acquainted with this new scientific j!} a ! v ' e are asbame .d to tell all the world, it contains no ingredient
medicinal combination, which is going to become the foremost medi- ! ba J OUI x Y n an V doctor will not endorse and say is a good thing,
cine used by the American People. We want you to send us the * does no * depend on drugging the body. It does not kill pain with
I Bodi-Tone Coupon, giving us your full name and address, and the opium or morphine. It does not excite the body with alcohol, but it
H one dollar box of Bodi-Tone will be sent to you by next post, and ! 0I \ es body with the remedies which nature intended to tone the
I you need not pay for it unless it TONES ALL YOUR BODY. or that Power would not have been given to them.
Bis just what its name means —A TONE FOR ALL THE BODY and °^ ers hs valuable services to you right now, right from this page, if
we want you to try it and see what it will do for YOUR body. Bodi- yo , u ar . e
Tone is a little round tablet that is taken three times everyday, either HELP
j before or after meals, whichever the user prefers. Each SI.OO box NAiURE RESTORE TONE .IO IHE BODY, to help nature
contains seventy-five Bodi-Tones, enough for twenty-five days j es t°re normal health, energy, vigor, strength and weight. If there
continuous use, and we send you the full box on twenty-five days’ is anything xvrong with your Stomach, Bodi-Tone helps to tone the
| trial, so that you can try it and learn what it is, so you can learn Stomach, helps to set the wrong right. If there is anything wrong
S how easy and simple it is to take, so you can learn how it works J VI ! 1 y° ur Kidneys, Bodi-1 one helps to restore tone to the Kidneys,
in the body, how it helps nature to tone every organ in the body, helps to set them right. If there is anything wrong with your Blood,
Yo) o cFpa your Liver, your Bowels or your General System, the ingredients
J a TI ©El® in Bodi-Tone, which are endowed by nature with a special action in
S . j , x V .x u these parts, go right to work and keep on working day after dav,
is a new remedy but the ingredients which compose it are as old as exerting always a well understood, definite action that produces
g .i ie sucnce of medicine itself. Its composition is not secret. Every general results of the kind sufferers appreciate. If you have Rheu
| one of the twelve valuable ingredients which go to make up Bodi- m atism, Bodi-Tone, a splendid eliminant, helps to eliminate the Uric
I ■ are I°, d<DCt % s °r a !r S f b 2 0 ?’ eacb bas a wel i Acid from the system while it restores tone to the Kidneys, Stofriach
defined, well known and thoroughly established place in the realm of Blood, thereby exerting a continual anti-rheumatic effect which
B medicine, each has its own well known work to do in the body and makes it hard for rheumatism to obtain or retain a foothold in the
g each is prescribed by physicians every day in the year. Among the system. Bodi-Tone should be used by all women suffering from *
Du ieCl L ei l vS ? compose Bodi-Tone are Iron, for the Blood, an y o f various Female Ailments, for its toning properties are
B J h T ha c!’ 10 l ie oif r y eS u V lhia t ? be Kidneys, Gentian especially valuable in such ailments.
g for the Stomach, Chinese Rhubarb for the Liver, Cascara, which
g restores tone to the Bowels and Intestines, and Peruvian Bark for the I jDj©(o[na JL
I General System. We claim no credit for these ingredients, each of |. ... , r n ,
which has its own well-deserved place in the Alateria Medicas of all! 1S especially urged for all chronic sufferers, who have tried honest,
H the civilized world and are recommended by all modern medical reputable physicians at home and elsewhere without getting the relief
writers and teachers —we simply claim credit for the manner in which a , P ei man £ henefit desired. 11 your local doctor is doing you no
■ they are combined, for the proportions used, for the remedy—Bodi- r , if you have S ive n him a real and honest chance to do
Tone, which they make and which we want to send you immediately, bat be ca 4\? T n Q d t Q < ST^N^mi a rv? m M l nT\ < roNT e
I as soon as you write for it, so you can try it and learn how it acts, bjen.give THIS MODERN COMBINATION of
Yo) Dnpi old-time remedies a chance to show what it can do for you.
■ 1O)©»1©E1® A
is no new-fangled, secret, mysterious, “discovered by accident,” . dL
Egyptian, Indian, Chinese, Shaker or Quaker remedy. It depends 1S y° urs f° r the asking, you need not send any money —do not
upon no superstition or romantic story to make people believe in its send any stamps. Ihe Bodi-Tone Company wants to spend every
efficacy. It is the scientific prescription of well known and competent P erm y of the trial’s cost, wants to send the medicine to you, wants
doctors and chemists, and is compounded in one of the largest and y° u t 0 £ ive it a trial for a full period of twenty-five days before you
best known pharmaceutical laboratories in the United States. It was P a P enn y- Fib out the Bodi-Tone Coupon and mail it to us.
conceived with the purpose, which we announce to all the world, to
give the people a pure and safe household and home medicine, one 1 To) JD° E Tr a *
that has medical authority behind it, one that doctors could sanction i jD)©(QUIo JI, ©El® \L>©W(©©El I
and approve, one whose composition could be boldly proclaimed and Clipped from the Jeffersonian.
being all this, it is destined to become the foremost proprietary medi- B bodi-tone company, Chicago, ill.
cine of the century, a genuine pure food and drug medicine. B ’ hav ! ’ ust ; read th . e B °di-Tone Announcement offering a SIOO box of Bodi-
L * & g Tone on twenty five days tna'. Please send me a box by return mail, postage B
prepaid. 1 promise to give it a good trial and to pay SI.OO if 1 find lam benefited B
J DjCOaQ ula W the end of twenty-five days. If t does not help me I will not pay one penny ■
though a scientific medicinal combination, is prepared from such I and WIU owe you nothing - Send the box of Bodi-Tone to the following address- ■
remedies which the common people as well as the Doctors KNOW i
TO BE GOOD, which they can place confidence in, which they | ‘
know they can safely use, and most of all, is composed of things | Town
which make it A GOOD REMEDY. It is right all through, from I ’
I the first to the twelfth ingredient, a remedy that knows its work in | St. or R. F. DState H
C<B®B|psiimy 0 = = &n©ai|© g Mhofe 1
51)4. Jeffersonian