fort, even among these poor creatures who love
to drink arrack and to eat rice— and he will
not . again write so confidently concerning - a
subject about which he knows so little.
(The old man hopes that every reader of
. this article will turn to the 10th chapter of Mat
. thew, and read every word of it. Let him, in
his mind, compare God’s plan of missionary
work with the methods now in vogue. If the
reader can then lay his hand on his heart and
say the present system conforms to Christ’s
commands, we are ready to admit that the fa
natics have hopelessly enslaved the minds of
our people.)
Mr. Watson To Lecture Again.
There have been so many propositions made
to Mr. Watson to appear at Chautauquas,
School 'Commencements and Lyceum enter
tainments that he has decided to re-enter the
lecture field, for an occasional address.
Those interested may write to him direct, or
to F. M. Loveless, Atlanta, Ga.
H H H
Defends Senator Tillman.
Hope, Ark., March 6, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir:
Enclosed find check for $2 to continue the Jef
fersonians. I am very much pleased with them, but
do not, as it seems from the articles of most of
your contributors to your publications, acquiesce in
everything you have to say, or the stand upon
vital questions which you sometimes take.
Now, Mr. Watson, to criticize is the easiest thing
in the world for a writer to do, and I think you do
your share of it, and, like most lawyers—whether
intentional or otherwise, —you sometimes make
statements which are unguarded and misleading.
Please allow me to call your attention to one of
these statements, which, in my judgment, is calcu
lated to delude the mind of those who are not
informed on the subject. It appeared in the weekly
Jeffersonian of March 4th in the editorial in which
yon denounced Senator Tillman for declaring in
the presence of the United States Senate, “that if
stealing is to be done, I want my share of it, and
I do.” You are unfair to Mr. Tillman and cast
a reflection on his constituents when you condemn
Mr. Tillman without informing your readers as to
the cause which brought forth that declaration from
the lips of this typical Southern Senator.
It was on the Ist of March, 1599, while the Senate.
had under consideration a naval appropriation bill.
Senator Tillman, in the interest of the South, and of
his State in particular, said, “This bill is loaded
down with expansion in every navy-yard. I am
trying to get a little for Port Royal, because, if you
are going to steal, I want my share.” Mr. Tillman
further said, “My main object in all this matter is
to endeavor to get a first-class navy-yard, not a sta
tion, at some eligible point on the South Atlantic,
and to have the South receive some recognition tn
naval affairs.”
Mr. Watson, you know the North derives more
benefit from these appropriations than the South.
You further know the North gets just what she
wants, while the South must needs be content with
a very small amount of these appropriations.
In conclusion, I hope you will cease to vilify men
of the Tillman type and at the same time cease to
laud men of the Roosevelt type.
I am encouraging the reading of your litera
ture, for I think it encourages free thought and free
speech and makes one more fully realize his re
sponsibility as an American citizen.
Yours for truth and honesty,
F. N. PORTER.
(Answer.)
It affords us pleasure to publish the fore
going.
After all, our friend Porter does not advance
the argument much further than Tillman did.
It comes to this: The South must grab and
steal, because the North grabs and steals.'
We don’t think much of that kind of moral
ity, and we think still less of that kind of
statesmanship.
The appropriations mentioned are either
right or wrong; if right, they should not be
Jeffersonian
V
characterized as “stealsif wrong, they should
be fought and not shared in. If Southern Con
gressmen would band together against raids
on the treasury, they could defeat them. But
each Qi these patriots wants to raid the treas
ury himself and, therefore, to get what he
wants, it is necessary for him to collude with
the raiders of the North. W
Every time a Southern newspaper brags on
a Democratic Congressman for securing a big
appropriation for a public building, you may
be sure that he logrolled with the Northern
raiders, and had to be content with a small
slice while they made off with the joint.
Suppose the Southern men .hadr set their
faces against the extravagance of the Roose
velt administration, — do you suppose that the
Republicans could have squandered close on
to eight thousand millions of dollars, during
the seven years? Never in the world. The
Democrats could have arrested this wicked
waste bf the people’s money, had not the Dem
ocrats wanted so much of it themselves.
’ Southern statesmen of the old school did not
practice the Tillman code. They made no
raids on the treasury and, therefore, they were
free to fight raiders from other sections. They
did not steal for their States any more than
they stole for themselves.
The great Robert Toombs, who served so
long in Congress, prided himself upon the fact
that he had never asked for a single dollar for
his native state of Georgia. Not fettered by
grab-schemes of his own, he could throw all
of his strength against the grab-schemes of
others.
Tn those days, there were no “pork barrels,”
no banding together of corrupt marauders to
loot the treasury:
Mr. Porter says that the North gets larger
appropriations than the South. That is true,
but how is it to be stopped when the Southern
members collude with the Northern men on
the glorious principle announced by Tillman?
“Steal if you must, —but give me a share!” Is
that what Southern statesmanship has come
to?
Mr. Porter asks us to cease to vilify Till
man. We have not vilified him. We took his
own words, from the Congressional Record,
and commented upon them. Vilification is,
perhaps, involved, but, if so. Tillman vilified
himself.
We did not score against the Senator any
point that ought not to have been made.
He did not talk that way when he was the
Farmers’ Alliance candidate for Governor; and
he certainly must realize that his sentiment of,
“if stealing is to be done I want my share of
it,” is not calculated to give a moral up-lift to
the state and section which fie represents.
As to lauding Roosevelt—if there is any pa
per that has whacked the Rough Rider oftener
and harder than the Jeffersonian, we’d like to
know 7 which it is.
We have treated Mr. Roosevelt just as we
have treated Mr. Tillman: when he did what
we thought was right we praised him; when
he did or said what we thought was wrong, we
condemned him.
That’s the only way to run an independent
paper.
« M M
"Brother Tyson of The Forest Blade.
In his excellent paper, our Brother Editor,
Sol Tyson, has a paragraph to this effect:
“Tom Watson has at last found out that
Hoke Smith did not manage things exactly
right when he was Secretary of the Interior.
Isn’t it strange that Mr. Watson did not find
some of this out before now. yes, before Mr.
Smith made his first race for Governor? But at
that time Tom could see no fault in Hoke and
all the charges at that time that could be
hatched up against Mr. Smith couldn’t keep
Mr. Watson from supporting him. But at
that time tfie Governor had not turned down
the clemency of Glover.”
We freely confess that we were a little late
in learning how’ Hoke bungled the business of
opening the Cherokee Strip to settlement.
Not until Sturm’s Oklahoma Magazine pub
lished the facts did we know anything about
them. Our regret is deep that somebody did
not tell us sooner. We republished the story,
just as we found it and we made no comment
whatever.
Had the facts come to our knowledge in
*9°s> pr 1906, we would have supported Hoke
just the same,—-not because of our love of
Hoke (wjiich has never beendntempetate) but
because Hoke was making the race on a plat
form which we had constructed. We couldn’t
go back on your own platform, Sol.
You see, Sol., it was this way: at Mr. Wat
son’s house, the plan of campaign for 1906 was
formed. He stated certain conditions under
which he would support a Democrat for Gov
ernor. The main one was, the disfranchise
ment of the negro. Pope Brown was the can
didate we had in mind. He actually entered
the race, upon the platform above mentioned.
Then all at once, Hoke horned Pope off the
track, took his platform, and began to bellow
like a reformer. In fact, all the bulls of Ba
shan and the Asturias never bellowed louder
than Hoke. What could Mr. Watson do, Sol.?
He had to support Hoke, eh?
At any rate, he did,—-and a mighty hot tijne
of it he had, too.
Well, Hoke held out finely, as a roaring re
former, for almost a whole year. Then the old
Cleveland leaven in him began to work, the
office-appetite gnawed his interior, and he be
gan to regard Senator Steve Clay with eyes
that were greedy, not to say cannibalistic.
Right there is where Hoke dropped his
candy.
It became his consuming purpose to go to
the Senate, in 1908, instead of waiting until he
had carried out the contract to which he owed
his election.
He left off his strenuous reform work: the
anti-lobby bill went to sleep, the Primary Elec
tions law dozed in quiet, the Hoke Smith
Committee adopted new rules that would have
put the country counties at the mercy of the
big cities, and Hoke himself went over to the
“Snap” early primary, after having denounced
it throughout the state, in the campaign of
1906.
In other words, Hoke had changed. As a
candidate in 1908, he was altogether different
from what he had been in the campaign of
1906. And because of Hoke’s change, Mr.
Watson opposed his re-election, just as he re
fused to support his aspirations for the Senate
in that year.
Had Hoke gone straight ahead, and kept
faith, doing the things he was pledged to do,
and making no stealthy effort to rob the coun
try counties of political rights which they had
enjoyed for 31 years, we would have heartily
supported Hoke for the Senate, provided he
made another flop or two and got. right on
the money question, the Trust question and
the public ownership of public utilities.
There was every reason to believe that Hoke
would make the necessary flop. A man who
had, in one night, changed from a Cleveland
to a Populite, might be confidently expected to
do anything to get the coon.
As to the Glover case, Sol., you might just
as well put it this way: Governor Smith did
not turn down the plea for a commutation of
the death sentence to life imprisonment, until
AFTER Mr. Watson had made known his
opposition to Hoke’s candidacy for the Senate.
You see, Sol., when you state it that way,
quite another inference can be drawn—pro
vided you have a fondness for drawing in-»
ferences.
PAGE NINE