PAGE TWELVE
THE PARDON OF TOM ALEXANDER.
(Continued from Page Nine.) /
counterfeit “any deed, will, testament, acquit
tance or receipt” is guilty of a felony punish
able by a sentence of from four to ten years in
the penitentiary.
The sum total of the different felonies com
mitted by Alexander is the number of different
receipts that he made for cotton which did not
exist.
If he made only five of such receipts, and
used them to defraud, the lowest sentence
which could have been meted out to him would
have been twenty years in the penitentiary.
If section 233 of the Code does not cover
the Alexander case, it is because a receipt
ceases to be a receipt when it is a ware house
receipt. That section was meant to cover all
cases where a fraud is perpetrated by the mak
ing of a false paper to deceive others, and cause
them to believe it is a true paper—a paper that
is honestly what it pretends to be.
But even if Section 233 does not cover the
Alexander case, Section 243 certainly does, for
it sweeping includes “all other papers.” If the
fraudulent receipts made by Alexander are not
“receipts,” within the meaning of Section 233,
they most assuredly fall into the drag-net of
“all other papers.”
Sentenced to the Penitentiary for six years,
w T e believe, Tom Alexander has never tasted a
drop of the bitterness of real punishment. But
he naturally grew weary of absence from home.
Even nominal confinement in the penitentiary
became a burden. Tom sighed for freedom—
as all prisoners perhaps do, —and having gone
through the form of serving about half of his
mild sentence, Tom asked that he might once
more bathe his heated brow in the air of lib
erty.
Governor Hoke Smith has hearkened unto
the plea of Alexander, just as he did to that of
young, unmarried Walline, the man that killed
a husband who protested against Walline’s in
sulting conduct to his wife.
It’s a great thing to have money enough to
hire lawyers who can convince a Governor.
It’s a great thing to have family connections
whose “pull” is irresistible.
Tom Alexander’s crimes were those of pre
meditation ; they involved deep moral turpi
tude ; and they were committed on a grand
scale.
But Hoke has pardoned him. Possibly the
Doctors testified that even nominal confine
ment in the penitentiary was injurious to
Tom’s health.
In his case, as in Walline’s, the law was not
allowed “to take its course.”
Reader, did you ever, by any chance, hear
the fine old Jim Fiske song, with its refrain,
CANDOR.
The Colonel had remonstrated vig
orously with Uncle Eph about the old
darkey’s persistent excursions into
the state of inebriation.
Uncle Eph, though he promised
faithfully to restrain from frequent
dips into the flowing bowl, failed to
live up to the Colonel’s expectations
On numerous occasions the Colonel
saw Eph under the influence of liquor:
but the darky, when taken to task
stoutly denied the accusation, emphat
ically affirming that he did not drink.
One evening the Colonel met Uncle
Eph in a condition which made it
plainly evident that the darky was
11 caught with the goods on.”
“Eph,” began the Colonel serious
ly, “I thought you told me that you
had given up drink?”
“Ah sho’ did, Massa Kern’l! ah
sho’ did,” replied Eph. “But lately
ah dun took up drinkin’ an’ gib up
lyin ’. ’’ —Harper’s Weekly.
The Jeffersonian
“And the difference ’twixt the rich and the
poor?”
It H H
Where the Blame Lies.
The New Fork World in attempting to place
the blame for the crushing defeat of the Demo
cratic party at the last election shoulders the
blame very properly, we think, upon the lead
ers of the party in the Southern States, who
knowing all along that Bryan could not be
elected, yet stood supinely by until state after
state had instructed its delegates for the peer
less one and hope of preventing his nomination
was groundless. As the World points out, the
control of the party in the eastern and north
ern states is the hands of politicians who have
not the respect of the great mass of the voters
of the party, and the responsibility for the
party’s success rests in great measure on the
IDemocratic leaders in the South.
The hope for the party in the future, the
World says, lies in the Democratic leaders of
the South; they should select the candidate,
dictate the platform and guide its destiny.
Turn back a few weeks and read some of
the editorials in the Jeffersonian.
Haven’t we told you all along that the South
should have some voice in the selection of
candidates?
Haven’t we told you that the Southern lead
ers would let the August Belmonts, the Tom
Ryans, the Tom Tavgarts, the Charlie Mur
phys, the Pat McCarrens and the “Fingy”
Connors force any nominee upon you which
that gang wished to?
But to follow out the World’s suggestion,
you must get new leaders, —men who are not
afraid.
Let the same “leaders” continue to “lead,”
and in 1912 you will be in the same fix you are
today.
Then the dav after election they will tell you
how the South must exercise her independence
if she ever expects to have political prestige.
It is a great crowd of editors and leaders of
whom the South can boast.
The dav'before election they use hundreds of
pounds of ink telling you how the country is
going to ruin if the Democratic nominee is de
feated, and the next day after election use a
like quantity in telling you how everything
would have gone to the “demnition-bow-wows”
if the Democratic nominee had been elected.
*
The South is a land that has known sorrows;
it is a land that has broken the ashen crust
and moistened it with its tears; a land scarred
and riven by the plowshare of war and billow
ed with the graves of her dead; but a land of
legend, a land of song, a land of hallowed and
heroic memories.
y7 !&
' tael eB r --sm ® j B >3
W*&-_ A A juriim K A vSq
W \IN lUNDSOMEMIGIEMXEMUKEUSEFULGIfTS
’ «aa x I More rubber, better webs, and stronger parts ”’<B|
M Sa& i nL i enable us to positively guarantee that
BULL DOG SUSPENDERS I
1 Outwear Three Ordinary Kinds
I Money back if not entirely satisfactory
WAfr /W W c l A gift Os these awful, handsome, Inexpensive suspenders
ta •ttwfiliw. •tagfc-Rfr texes, win be remembered
W I W9r * ““ 80,1 *** h "® aftor t ll * occasion Is forgot
WL ~ ygjfrr I Made in light weight for the gentleman
■-\OlvZ\igL I and in heavy weight for the strenuous user
Zvfek .... > raß,- ""V- • i • Extra long in either weights, if desired ■
I STRETCH A BULL DOG—superior elasticity, which ■
'<>*?■. I means more wear and comfort, is instantly noticed
11-l 1 Packed in handsome single-pair boxes, they are the
most u#e,u, > satisfying gift you can buy anywhere for 50 cents ■
i'g W EVERY MAN » YOUTH AND BOY W,LL gladly receive them
HEWES & POTTER, Makers
ffST’LjeOvt Dept. 3301 87 Lincoln St, Boston, Mass. ■
O w " te / or ,nrtrnc *’ v « tree booklet, "Style, or How to Dross Correctly,” which contains
Til va * u *”* B C 1 ** suggestions. For 10 cents postage, we will send our useful BULL DOG H
aZfjj r \ V ** comb and rune
To that land every drop of my blood, every
fiber of my being, every pulsation of my heart
is consecrated forever.
I was born of her womb; I was nurtured at
her breast, and when my last hour shall come,
I pray God that' I mav be pillowed upon her
bosom and rocked in sleep with her tender and
encircling arms.—Edward Ward Carmack.
Poor Carmack, he was “pillowed upon her
bosom and rocked in sleep with her tender and
encircling arms” all too soon.
A true reformer, Mr. Carmack lost his life
because he was a true reformer and spoke his
convictions.
This is not the first time a reformer has been
murdered, nor will it be the last.
After twenty-five years of operation of the
postal saving bank of India, the depositors
number 1,190,220 and the deposits amount to
$49,223,283. —Chronicle, Scott City, Kan.
Isn’t this a pretty good showing for a postal
saving bank?
Why not try a few in this country?
n h• *
“Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
The Herald-Journal would be pleased to see
the Daughters of the Confederacy take up the
matter of preserving “Liberty Hall,” Alexan
der H. Stephens’ old home at Crawfordville.
It will be only a few years more when the
place will be in decay. It is badly in need of
repairs and there are no funds with which the
repairs can be made. The Great Commoner
sleeps in the front lawn of the place, and we
consider it the duty of the Daughters of the
Confederacy to take up the matter of preserv
ing “Liberty Hall.” —Herald-Journal, Greens
boro, Ga.
Right you are, Bro. Williams, as to preserv
ing “Liberty Hall,” but don’t depend upon the
Daughters of the Confederacy, alone, to do it.
If my recollection serves me right, Will San
ford made an earnest appeal to the Daughters
of the Confederacy at Athens, Georgia, in 1900
to take some action along the line you suggest.
If my memory isn’t far wrong, Will received
very little encouragement from the Daughters
of the Confederacy.
But after all, why leave it to the Daughters
of the Confederacy, alone?
Why can’t a committee be appointed to take
charge of this work?
As you say, “It will be only a few years
more when the place will be in decay. It is
badly in need of repairs and there are no funds
with which the repairs can be made.”
Start the movement to preserve “Liberty
Hall,” Bro. Williams, and you will have the
hearty support of “The Jeffersonians,” —both.