reform prospects are
BRIGHT.
(Continued from Page Five.)
viets on, and the farm is bringing in
a revenue to the State treasury.
Through your noble efforts we have
State-wide prohibition and other re
forms. Through your noble efforts
the farmers of this nation have their
mail carried to their doors. Go on
with your good work. Justice is
mighty and will prevail. The people
are beginning to get their eyes open.
You are gaining friends every day. I
know of but tw’o Populists in this
county that have gone back to the
Democratic party, and one of them
got an office and the other tried to.
I know of numbers that have been
against you that are now with you.
With best wishes, I am yours until
victory,
C. L. Butler.
WILL BE AT THE NEXT RESUR
RECTION OF WATSON.
Stinson, Ga., Nov. 17, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
My Dear Friend: I have been think
inging for several days that I would
write, or at least scribble, a few lines
to let you know that I was one of the
pallbearers that Dick & Hoke spoke
so emphatically about, and if God
spares me I expect to be at your next
resurrection- —they have buried you
before, but somehow you can’t stay
buried by such a set. They seem to be
just as low as they have ever been in
their mean and dirty tricks. There
having been no State ticket for all
the different offices, and no organized
clubs, gave them a fine old time. I
vote at White Sulphur Springs. The
day of election was quite a bad day
for an old man to be out, but I was
out and put in 24 votes for you, while
the other ticket got 26. This little
count was about one-sixth of the votes
cast for you in the county, Meri
riwether being Hoke’s pet county, or
one of them. If I could have been
at the precinct of the second district I
could have more than doubled the
vote there; I had lived two years in
the second at Bullochville, being the
voting place. I gave them tickets and
they would have put them in with a
leader. They were men living along
side the mountains. Many of them
did not go out at all. The people
must find out that Harvie Jordan does
not count anything at all in getting a
price for their cotton. Some of them
got redhot with you for criticizing
Harvie going to the**spinner for a
better price, so dull and stupid are
some men.
One word just now about Harvie,
and this is own get up, I think he
has cost the farmers more, lost money
on his trick of having the boys now.
Next time we will pull them up to
our price, sure. A big convention,
and take up a big collection to defray
expenses, and set the fools all to
planting every row in cotton. This
time he has the nice fix. He almost
shook some of the banks in large ad
vances. They are hard pressed to
come up. The country is in much
worse fix than it has been in several
years, as to my notion,
•My dear friend, I wish I could
grasp your hand once more in this
life and I hope to live to see you
victorious in this world, for I know
there is a crown laid up for you in a
better.
Your friend,
R. T. McDonald.
START CLUB WORK NOW.
Luther, Fla., Nov. 18, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Aftei' reading the last
issue of The Jeffersonian I felt like
writing a short letter.
I take several small papers, and I
saw in the Valdosta Times of No
vember 6th where you had given up
the Pops.
But, after reading your paper I
find that the Times was too fast about
it, and I am glad to know that you
are going to hold on.
Speaking of elections, on November
3rd I visited two precincts and
I found that you had lost several
votes on account of your supporters
not knowing your electors.
I was just in time to save a few,
but a good crowd had left without
easting their ballots. I was sorry
that they did not know the (State
electors, and had I known this I
would have prepared every one. I,
for one, am ready to start organizing
clubs and better start now, then we
will be ready to face the battle in the
next four years.
We would be glad if you could
visit thia part of Florida. I believe
if you eould make several speeches in
this State that it would give a larger
support.
I am a young man and can’t write
or talk to crowds, but I will do all in
my power to organize a club in my
district. Will thank you for any ad
vice on this matter.
Yours to serve,
A. 0. Folsom.
R. F. D. No. 1.
PUT OUT STATE TICKETS.
Helena, Ala., Nov. 16, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear (Sir: The election is over for
1908. And as I wrote you some
fime ago I had the promise of several
lifelong Democrats to support you in
that election; but I could not count
on their voting our ticket. So it
proved, as I felt sure it would. They
voted the old party ticket to a man.
We w T ere not the successful party this
time, though we showed to the world
by our ballots that we did not ap
prove the class laws that have been
heaped up against us by the old twin
parties. The proper thing to do now
is to organize every State and every
congressional district in the Union
and try to elect as many Governors
and State legislators as possible be
fore 1912, also as many Congressmen
and national Senators, so if we should
be the successful party in 1912 we
won’t be hampered by the old twins,
to prevent the reforms we are con
tending for. But when we succeed in
the election of President he will have
a working force to help him accom
plish everything that was promised
in our national platform.
I am thinking of a move out West
soon. If Ido I will renew as soon as
I get located.
Yours truly,
J. G. Mitchell.
’©be Jeffersonian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months ) All For
Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months gw
20 American Girl Post Cards ( Z O
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 50. Beauty Study.
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now. all over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close for trial subscriptions. Please send
ail you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we
renew.
•
My Name. ..*....
R. R P. O
Countystate
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN