PAGE TWO
What Our Farmers Are Saying and Doing
SELLING RA W MA TERI AL
UNPROFITABLE
By J. C. IRVINE
DO not claim any origi
nality for the ideas here
presented. They are facts,
perhaps, with which the
people are so familiar that they have
come to regard them with indiffer
ence. But my conviction is that
never in the history of the world was
there a section that was in need of a
few men of sufficient patriotism, en
ergy, influence, and business sense to
take the initiative in a movement to
change the cotton conditions that
have prevailed in the South for so
many years.
The wealth and prosperity of a na
tion are based largely on three con
ditions: First, the quantity, quality,
and value of its natural products;
second, skill in and facilities for pre
paring these products for the use of
mankind; third, enterprise in, and
advantages for trade in both raw
and manufactured products.
These natural products may be in
the fields, the forests, the mines, or
elsewhere, and are distrubuted over
the face of the earth according to the
laws of Nature. Some countries
abound in mineral, some in animal,
some in vegetable products. Some
lands are almost destitute of any of
them, while other lands are blessed
with an abundance of all.
It is sometimes the case in coun
tries where natural products abound
that the people are wanting in suffi
cient intelligence to know how to
utilize them to the best advantage,
while people of other lands have skill
and ingenuity in preparing them for
the use of mankind. Often the raw
material of tropical and polar re
gions are sought by people of the
temperate zones for manufacturing
purposes. In this way the gifts of
God are disseminated over the face
of the earth. The people of some
lands have long been skilled in trans
forming material otherwise worthless
into articles of use and value. A
corn cob or piece of brier root, by
shaping and smoothing, may be con
verted into a 5-cent or a 50-cent pipe;
a chunk of wood, into an article of
furniture; the spinning of the silk
worm, into costly fabrics; a piece of
iron into useful hardware; a bushel
of corn, into four gallons of whiskey.
It is an established fact that those
who, by science and skill, understand
the process of manufacture derive
larger profits than those who simply
supply raw material. The farmer
who grubs the soil, the man who
delves in the mines, the hunter who
secures furs and hides, the woodman
who hews down timber, —all do man
ual labor and secure less reward than
those who prepare the material, or
those who trade in the products.
Producing and selling raw material
is not so profitable as first manufac
turing it and then selling to advan
tage. For every farmer who be
comes, as we say, slightly “well to
do,’’ many manufacturers and iner-
chants grow rich. One primary rea
son for this may be in the fact that
the number engaged in getting out
raw material forms a larger percent
age than those engaged in other en
terprises, and is often made up of
men of small capital and dependent
upon immediate results for a liveli
hood. Pressing necessity, temporary
over-supply, indifference to large
profits, and other things lead farm
ers to be satisfied with moderate re
turns. The occupation of manufac
turing, also that of merchandising,
both require ingenuity, capital, busi
ness sense, foresight, and bigger re
turns to make them self-sustaining.
Capital and business sense claim the
privilege of more pay than is accord
ed to muscle —unless it belongs to
an athlete or prize fighter.
If the conditions above described
prevailed to only a moderate or
natural degree and neither of the
three classes was disposed to take
undue advantage of the others, and
was not furthered in so doing by
governmental or other outside aid, it
would be all right to let well enough
alone, be content with what the day
brought forth, and never lose sleep
thinking over it. But, unfortunately,
in this land a disposition, born of in
satiate greed, fostered by favorable
conditions, has grown into a robust
policy on the part of manufacturers
and speculators to absorb, by fair
means and foul, everything in sight.
So that, at this late day, the under
man is being awakened to the neces
sity of looking out for his own wel
fare and that of his home, his wife
and his children. I might here intro
duce a few facts and figures to illus
trate what I have said, but time is
limited and the points are too well
known to tire you with repetition.
As with individuals, it is also true
as regards nations and sections.
Some nations and some sections of
country use a large amount of diplo
macy and statecraft in advancing
their national and sectional interests
ttf the deprivation of others. Some
nations and sections grow rich at the
expense of others not up in higher
finance and speculation. Commer
cial nations vie with each other in
getting control of all possible raw
material and then, by skill in handi
craft and enterprise in trade, grow
rich, while other lands, that furnish
raw material, remain in the back
ground. In the first named factories
arise, railroads traverse the land and
the oceans are covered with their
trading vessels.
The kingdom of Great Britain, by
its aggressive and grasping methods,
has extended its power and acquired
possessions over large portions of
the earth. By shrewdness and fore
sight of its statesmen and the effec
tiveness of its army and navy, it
holds these possessions and has grown
rich and powerful by manufacture
and trade in the products of other
ISlje. Ucffcrsoitian
lands. France, Germany, Austria,
also Belgium and Holland, by pur
suing like policies have made them
selves important factors in the world
of trade. Switzerland, a bleak,
mountainous country, with but little
natural advantages, has, by thrift
and enterprise, made itself a prosper
ous little republic. The Japanese,
too, by their monkey-like imitative
ness and cunning effrontery, have
boosted themselves into a species of
notoriety that makes itself felt
w’herever their conceit and chicanery
are tolerated.
The government of Great Britain
discourages, if not directly prohibits,
any of the products of its territories
to be sold off in crude state, but, on
the contrary, buys up all the mate
rial it can get from abroad, manu
factures it and only exports the fin
ished products. Great Britain is a
country of factories —the greatest in .
the world —and the port of Liver
pool leads in import and export
trafic. The French government will
not allow any wheat grown in France
or Morocco to be exported. It must
all be ground in France, and the gov
ernment pays a royalty of 50 cents a
barrel for all flour manufactured. The
same principle holds in all of those
old world countries. They know that
the profit from manufacturing and
exporting is from two to fifty times
greater than from selling off raw ma
terial. Not only is one leading ar
ticle manufactured from some par
ticular material, but also many by
products are made from refuse and
remnants that would otherwise be
useless.
The people of those old world
countries having lived for ages, gen
eration after generation, within their
own national borders, have a com
monality of feeling and interest
among themselves, and their natural
desire is to build up their own lands
even if it be at expense of other
countries. Many of those old world
countries, with small but well peo
pled areas of territory and but limit
ed natural resources, have grown
more or less rich according to their
advantages.
In the country known as the Uni
ted States the methods as described
above do not prevail, nor are gen
eral conditions so thriving and satis
factory as 'its advantages should
naturally lead to. Differences in
soil, climate, environment, human
temperament and other conditions
have given rise to a disposition on
the part of some sections to take un
due advantage of other sections and
grow rich at their expense. Two hun
dred years ago this country was
probably richer in varied natural re
sources than any other part of the
world of the same area. It was cov
ered with forests of fine timber, its
lands were fertile and adapted to al
most all kinds of vegetation, there
was abundance of water power, mines
of valuable metals and minerals, nat
ural gas and oil abounded in the
earth. It was a country which, had
the methods of the old world been
in some degree followed, might have
been the most prosperous land on
earth. In using the word prosperous,
I mean a prosperity that would have
pervaded all classes of good, deserv
ing, energetic people—from the
highest to the lowest. Seventy-five
years ago a millionaire was a curi
osity in this country, and tramps and
vagrancy were unknown. This was
the most favorable comment made by
Charles Dickens during his travels
in this country—a man well acquaint
ed with all conditions of people in
the old world.
The whites who first settled this
country were sharp enough in their
dealings with the Indians —preached
Jesus Christ to them on the Sabbath,
then six days would they labor in
filling them up on mean whiskey and
swindling them out of their lands.
And when they could no longer
swindle them with toys and trinkets,
drive them out at the points of flint
and-steel muskets. But since get
ting possession of the country they
have followed more the plan of a
spendthrift who has suddenly come
into possession of a valuable proper
ty—seen how fast they can run
through with it. First, for mere
sport they slaughtered up the deer
and buffalo, without even the excuse
of wanting the horns and hides. This
spirit is kept up in the shooting and
scaring off the birds that destroy the
insects. Within the last 50 or 60
years, with no governmental restric
tions, a few shrewd, designing men
have got control of nearly every de
partment of valuable assets, and by
monopolizing and exploiting them
have amassed fortunes for them
selves, but in so doing have depleted
the resources of the country to the
privation and detriment of the coun
try at large. Turpentine and lumber
kings have wasted the forests, until
if a man wants a fence, he has to fall
back upon the steel trust for wire.
We boast of our large exports of na
val stores and lumber which, while
they have put money into the pock
ets of a few men, now has the coun
try ornamented with sawdust piles
and old shacks —where once stood
grand forests of valuable timber.
Coal, iron, copper, oil, phosphate beds
have now come into control of a few
trusts and combines. While these
have grown fabulously rich, the re
sources are being exhausted and the
country at large deprived of what
the people need now and will be un
able to obtain at no far off future
time.
By natural increase and a steady
influx of immigration, the population
has grown so rapidly that the coun
try, which two hundred years ago
was a wilderness, now has a popula
tion of over 90,000,000 people. In
view of this rapid growth, the gov
ernment should have protected the
resources so as to preserve them for
present and future use, instead of
allowing them to be exploited by a
few trusts and combines that have
grown richer than the government it
self. In fact, they have about taken
the government from control of the
people and are running it to suit
themselves. Os the over 90,000,000
inhabitants of the United States,
5,000 men control seven-eighths of
(Continued on Page 14)