PAGE SIX
TAEMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
STOCK SENSE.
Young mules are scarce and high, with a
growing demand.
The loudest talker does not always have
the best horse.
The best time to treat disease is when the
first symptoms appear.
Constant culling is what secures the good
herd.
If a man is a live stock farmer, his farm, if
properly managed, should grow richer every
year.
The new breed of draft horses the govern’,
ment is seeking to establish will be gray.
One good colt or calf raised right is better
than a dozen raised wrong, no difference what
is their breeding.
It is just as necessary for the growing hog
as for the calf that he should have a good
pasture all the year.
Horses wide between the eyes and with a
broad forehead are said to be gentle and of
an intelligent disposition. *
Little pigs will learn to milk cows. The
cow does not care, the pigs get a good meal;
but it makes an empty milk pail.
At the Mississippi Experiment Station four
hundred and eighty-three pounds of pork was
made from one acre of cow peas.
The right type needs to be selected, rather
than any special breed. Some will average
a pound of gain per day from birth to sale.
More care needs to be exercised in the
feeding of male breeding animals than in fe
males, and more caution in handling them.
A good way to dispose of cobs which have
been fed in the lot is to rake them up and
bum them. The ashes and charcoal are good
for the hogs.
It is well enough to breed for bone, but it
is equally necessary to feed for bone also.
Plenty of wood ashes need to be kept within
reach of pigs. They furnish the lime for the
bone and develop health and vigor.
Four quarts of salt to a half bushel of ashes
is a good mixture to keep in some kind of a
self-feeding trough for hogs, where they can
get it when they want it. —Texas Farmer.
WALL STREET V. THE COUNTRY
BANK.
This editor can see trouble just a little way
ahead for some people.
Wall Street says that the country banks
have all the money hoarded, out of sight and
control of its owners, and the country banks
say to Wall Street, “You’re another.” But
the time is at hand when the people will
learn who really has that money or somebody
must not only lie, Out swear to it. The laws
of Mississippi compel the banks to publish
sworn statements of their financial condition
every three months, and the time is at hand
when you fellows must show your hands, and
you have my heartfelt sympathy. If your
statement shows that you have this money
your depositors will require you to refund,
and if not why not?
Some banks in Mississippi have never held
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
up their depositors nor refused to pay when
called upon, and such banks have my respect
and my hearty support. All banks that have
been true to the trust imposed in them by
their depositors and have shown a willingness
to aid the merchants and farmers in this their
hour of need, deserve our respect and sup-
But you that failed us, you that lis
tened and obeyed when the word came down
the line, “Advance no money on cotton, but
compel the farmers to sell,” we warn you
now that we are on to your little game and
have good memories.—Union Advocate.
FREIGHT RATES AND HIGH PROFITS.
Railway transportation has placed southern
fruits and vegetables in all northern mar
kets, but at a tremendous cost. Between the
high price of freight and the exorbitant prof
its demanded by middlemen and grocers, it is
impossible to buy southern fruit in northern
cities at anything like reasonable prices. Good
oranges in Chicago cost 60 cents per dozen,
and other fruits in proportion. The same or
anges may be bought in the orchards for 60
cents per bushel. This is a ridiculous
condition of affairs and needs atten
tion. Last fall when peaches were rotting on
the ground in Missouri they were so scarce
and high priced in Chicago that people in
moderate circumstances could not afford to
buy them for family use. The growers do not
get the profits. The bulk of money goes to
railways, express companies and middlemen. —
Farm Press, Chicago.
A newspaper has 5,000 readers for each
1,000 subscribers. A merchant who puts out
1,000 handbills gets possibly 400 people to
read—that is, if the boy who is trusted to
distribute them does not chuck them under
the sidewalk. The handbills cost as much as
a half column advertisement in the home pa
per. All the women and girls and half the
men and boys read the advertisements. Re
sult : The merchant who uses the newspaper
has 3,500 more readers to each 1,000 of the
paper’s readers. There is no estimating the
amount of business that advertising does bring
to a merchant, but each dollar brings some
where from S2O to SIOO worth of business. —
Exchange.
THE RECALL.
The Dallas, Texas, Herald is “quite sure
that Senator Bailey wilj. not refuse to sub
mit the question of whether or not he should
be 'recalled’ from the United States senate
to a vote of the people.”
We have a mind that Senator Bailey should
do no such thing. He was elected by a
durect primary and after all the charges pre
ferred against him had been fully aired. Why
then should he submit to the expense and an
noyance of another primary simply because
his factional enemies in Texas want a man
of their choosing to succeed him? Where
would the thing stop? After another primary
who would say that there should not also be
another one immediately following and so on,
ad infinitum? The so-termed recall idea is
more or less of a fraud. People ought to
know what they are doing when they elect
a man to office; if they do not, it is their own
fault, which they are liable to repeat on a sec
ond vote. The best plan is to hold the peo
ple responsible for what they do; if they are
negligent and unappreciative of their duty and
elect an undeserver they ought to have to
stand for him until his term expires, and per
haps they might be induced to do better next
time. In the case of Senator Bailey it has
not yet appeared that he is any worse than his
detractors, even if what they say of him is
true, which has by no means been established.
—Chattanooga Times.
RAPS THE BANKING SYSTEM.
Pleasant Lake, Ind., Dec. 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: x Enclosed find postal money or*
der for two dollars for your matchless publi
cations. Well the best monetary system on
earth has gone to pieces. Fifty cent silver
dollars have been outlawed and worthless
script and clearing house certificates have been
substituted and a congress of bankers will
cobble another patch on the rent in the sys
tem, more bonds with more interest to suck the
little balance of money into the creditor class’s
hands and we will run along a few more
days until interest, dividends, profits and rents
swallow the balance of property that the debt
or class possess into the creditors’ hands then
we will set hades up right here in America.
I have spent the last thirty years trying to
get a little light into the heads of the common
voters with thousands of dollars of hard earned
money; am now' in my seventy-seventh year
and hoped the final collapse would be staved
off until I was done with this world, but it
looks as if I will have to go through the stb
financial cyclone in my lifetime.
No nation has ever made a permanent suc
cess of doing business on borrowed money and
paying interest for said money and never can
as the interest returns the money to the lender
who then holds the obligations and money and
the debtor has nothing to pay with but a lit
tle property that must be exchanged for mon
ey on the conditions that the creditor fixes
which history shows are confiscatory, this de
prives the debtor masses of the means of pro
ducing food, clothing and shelter for them
selves and others, and the creditors have the
money and property and do not know enough
about production to supply their class with the
barest necessities of life resulting in the rot
tening out of the mud sills of civilization and
we have a dead nation.
Yours truly,
CHAS. JENKINS.
“If the trouble with a bad man was of
his body, medicine would cure it; if of his
mind, education would cure it; if of his man
ners, culture would heal it; but as it is of the
heart, it is practically hopeless without a heart
cure.”