PAGE EIGHT
d?e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoflice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 July 8, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
A Socialist Attack on the White
Firemen
By keeping some of their cards up their
sleeves, and by denying several things that
are true, the Socialists have gained converts
in the South and in the West, as well as in
the North and East. No farmer, rich or poor,
could ever be converted to Socialism, if the
teachers of that doctrine dealt fairly with the
pupils. No white man, true to his race, could
ever be made a Socialist, if he could be
brought to realize that it meant the degrada
tion of the Caucasian.
The Chicago daily paper which is run by
the rich young Socialist, Medill, boldly advo
cates the social equality of blacks and whites.
Negroes are invited to join the Socialist
party, on the ground that it is the only one
which proposes to treat the blacks as the
equals of the whites.
The Appeal to Reason, which thrives on
appeals to prejudice and passion and which
never does appeal to any man’s reason, conies
out in a bitter attack on the white firemen of
the Georgia Railroad who went on a strike
because they were being thrown out of work
to make way for cheaper negro firemen. The
Appeal to Reason characterizes as “infa
mous” the conduct of these white firemen who,
as the Appeal alleges, “persecuted” the negro
“because of the color of his skin”
Os com •se, the Appeal believes that the only
difference between a negro and a white man
is the hue of the wrapper. Inside, the two
packages are just alike: the outer coverings
are a contrast, —that is all. Evidently, the
Appeal thinks that all the blacks resemble in
character and habits mulattoes, like Dußois
and Washington. Such a human being as
the African type, — the genuine negro, —the
Appeal does not know. Its editors should
read Sir Samuel Baker’s book, “African Ex
plorations;” or it should spend a few weeks
in the South, studying the black man of the
cotton belt.
If, after a careful consideration of the aver
age negro, the Appeal can then say that the
color of his skin is the only thing that differ
entiates him from the whites, its editors will
have demonstrated their incapacity to learn.
John Quincy Adams, Ex-President of the
United States, spent the afternoon of his life
baiting and badgering and abusing the South
on account of the negro. A vociferous and
violent champion of Cuffee, was John Quincy.
The “old man eloquent” judged the whole
race by the mulatto, Fred Douglas, and be
lieved that all they needed to become Anglo-
Saxons was freedom and education. The
trivial mistake nature had made in painting
the African black could be rectified by break
ing his chains and rubbing his woolly noddle
with school-books. John Quincy died with
out learning any better. So did some others
who believed the same way. But the Adams
family is still “one of us;” and its most promi
nent member, at present, is Charles Francis,
the grandson of John Quincy.
731)e Jeffersonian
Charles Francis Adams has been railroad
president, railroad commissioner, member of
the Board of Overseers of Harvard, and is
well known as a publicist. Some years ago,
Mr. Adams went to Africa to study the negro
race, —just as Sir Samuel Baker did. What
he saw was amply sufficient to cause him,
upon his return to America, to take the
Southern side of the race question, — just as
Sir Samuel Baker did.
The color of the negro’s skin has nothing
to do with the case. We oppose Social
Equality for the reason that the negro is
a lower order of man. He belongs to a race
that has never been able, of itself, to evolve
the slightest improvement of its natural con
ditions. Under compulsion and restraint, he
can, to a certain extent, imitate higher races.
The moment the restraint is removed, the
negro begins to return to his native inferiority
and savagery.
In the Catacombs of Egypt were found
mummies which had been there thousands of
years. The distinct types of men were as
sharply marked then, as now. The original
whites who made the glory and grandeur of
ancient Egypt, as well as the Nubians, Sem
ites, and negroes, were all represented in the
mummies. And the head of the black man,
with its hopelessly inferior brain-cavity, was
precisely the same in that remote past that it
is today.
How can Socialism make equal those whom
God has made unequal? And how can white
home-loving monogamists embrace the creed
of Socialism, when it preaches and practices
Free Love, when it means the abolition of the
Home, and when it advocates Social Equality?
El 0 E)
Rockefeller Philosophy
If a poor man would just be reasonable, he
might always command happiness. The
recipes for self-made bliss are almost as nu
merous as cook-book dinners.
Apparently, a millionaire like Rockefeller
thinks he has earned universal praise when
he hands out a new prescription telling a fel
low creature, who has not got anything but
an unsatisfied and growing appetite, how to
enjoy himself. If Pious John does not him
self tell the poor man how to reap felicity on
nothing a year, Pious John’s pastor does, —
and that is pretty nearly the same thing.
One of Pious John’s pulpit flunkies is a
precious chap named Aked. When you write
to him, address him as “Rev. C. F. Aked, D.
D.” Titles make letters travel faster and
taste better after they get there.
Preaching away at some helpless pew-pas
sengers recently, the following recipe for
home-made rapture was communicated to the
world by the Rev. C. F. Aked, D. D.:
If you are not wealthy yourself, be glad that
someone else is and you will be astonished at the
happiness that will result to yourself.
In other words, if you happen to be out of
work, and have no bread in the house, and
don’t know how on earth you are to drive off
the wolf of starvation from your loved ones,
just let your mind contemplate the vast
amount of loot that such a grand old rascal as
Pious John has robbed you and others of,
“and you will be astonished at the happiness
that will result to yourself.”
It is a well known fact that a hungrv man
enjoys seeing others eat, especially if they
are inside a warm, brightly lighted room
while he, poor devil, stands on the side-walk
outside, whipped by wind and pelted by sleet.
Upon the same principle, the millions of toil
ers who own no homes and never nave a
week’- rations ahead, may find existence a
heavenly thing, if they will just* get
their thoughts oft' their own squalid condi
tions and lift their eyes to the upper world
where the robbers reign in splendor,---robbers
like Carnegie, Morgan, Rockefeller, Harri
man, Ryan, Vanderbilt, Gould, Duke, &c., &c.
Continuing his discourse, the Reverend
Doctor Aked unctuously said:
If there are others of God’s children who are
better off than we are, why, it is all in the fam
ily, and let us rejoice with those who rejoice.
The “God’s children” referred to by the
Rockefeller pastor are the Standard Oil
thieves, the Sugar Trust rascals, the Steel
Trust infants, the Tobacco Trust pets, and
similar aggregations of greedy and lawless
scoundrelism.
If the robbers get away with billions of dol
lars that other people produced, and the mil
lions of producers are thereby plunged into
poverty, let the victims bear in mind that “it
is all in the family.” When the Dukes and
Harrimans and Rockefellers rejoice, let the
plundered people rejoice likewise. By doing
so, they become partners with the robbers and
get more unadulterated delight out of the
situation than even the robber can expect.
His pleasure in despoiling us cannot be nearly
so pure as our ecstacy at being relieved of our
burdensome and transitory wealth.
At least, that seems to be the idea of the
Rev. C. F. Aked, D. D.
El El Ei
Rev. W. C. Schaeffer Attacks the
Jeffersonians
In the Atlanta Constitution of June 29,
appears, in part, a sermonic assault on the
weekly and monthly Jeffersonians, delivered/*"
in the Lutheran Church by Rev. W. C.
Schaeffer. The cause-of-w T ar is the same old
thing, —foreign missions. The facts which we
have been publishing are hurting the fanatics
very much. It is the first time that the light
has been let in, and those whose unscriptural
methods have been exposed are buzzing like
angry hornets.
Does Brother Schaeffer accuse the Jefferso
nians of falsifying the facts?
Not at all. How then, does he meet our
criticisms? By quoting what has been said
in favor of mission work by Messrs. Taft,
Roosevelt, Bryan, Harrison, McKinley and
Brewer.
What is the substance of the testimony of
these gentlemen? Merely, that the mission
work which we have been doing for the
heathen is good for the heathen. Who said
that it was not? Have the Jeffersonians been
contending that free education for Orientals
is not a benefit to them? Have we been deny
ing that free board and clothing for the poor
children of India, China and Japan are not
good for the beneficiaries ? Have we said that
when we take charge of these heathen tots,
feed and clothe and train them in the kinder
garten, teach them in the free school, and
graduate them from the college, we have not
conferred a favor upon the recipients of our
bounty ? Certainly not. Food for the hun
gry, clothing for the naked, lodging for the
homeless, medicine for the sick, education for
the illiterate, are good things for those who
lack them, the world over. We have not been
guilty of the absurdity of saying anything to
the contrary. What we have argued with sin
cerity and earnestness is that we do wrong to
neglect the crying needs of our own people
while we devote ourselves with the growing
zeal of fanaticism to the needs of inferior and
foreign races.
Have we no starvelings at our own doors?
Have we no sick who need free medicines and
free service? Have we no illiterates who are
unable of themselves to get an education?
Have we no orphans who wail in vain for
adoption into well-to-do Christian families?
God I Have we no Potter’s Fields of paupers’
graves, no hell-like tenements where damna
tion germinates as weeds sprout from the
dung-hill, no men and women and children
that reel, as they hunt for work or help, and
fall dying at our feet?
What a pity it is that those preachers who