PAGE FOURTEEN
The Crolvmng Infamy of His
Administration.
President Roosevelt has insulted
every white man in America by the
appointment of Robert H. Terrell, an
offensive, impudent and insolent ne
gro lawyer, judge of the municipal
court of the District of Columbia.
This negro Terrell is famous for his
vicious attitude toward the white peo
ple and his violent advocacy of social
equality.
The effect of this appointment will
encourage the negroes to commit more
crimes and do things which have be
come almost unbearable to the decent
white people of Washington.
What could have been the purpose
of President Roosevelt in making this
appointment?
He knows that the effect of the ap
pointment will be almost disastrous.
He knows that it will cause the
impudent negro to become more im
pudent—and increase the burdens and
n ultiply the difficulties which already
are making Washington a disagree
able place for white people to live.
Do you suppose he did that because
the Senate refused to confirm Crum?
I am not sure that the appointment
of Terrell has to be confirmed by the
Senate. If so, the Senate ought to re
fuse to confirm the appointment.
It is a disgrace to the American re
public.
If I had joined the Southern people
in paying tribute to the miserable
misfit who disgraces the presidential
office, when he came South last year,
I should feel very much chagrined by
this act.
I have not half the respect for
Roosevelt that I have for Terrell, and
I have not as much respect for Terrell
as I have for a “yaller” dog.
The appointment of such a creature
to an important office, coupled with
the fact that his daughter is teaching
a class of negroes in Sunday school
and teaching them to play the game
of foot ball on Saturday, is enough
to cover the name of Roosevelt with
infamy deep, damnable and irretriev
able.
Discussing this, The Times-Demo
crat of New Orleans, a very conserv
ative paper, says:
Possibly in retaliation for the fail
ure of the Senate to Confirm the ap
pointment of the negro Crum to be
collector of the port at Charleston,
President Roosevelt has named Rob
ert H. Terrell, another negro, to be
judge of the municipal court of the
District of Columbia. A dispatch
from Washington states that the ap
pointee has been a “radical agita
tor,” and that, as was to be expected,
the appointment is regarded as “pe
culiarly offensive” to the white citi
zens of the District.
The President’s error in this ap
pointment is flagrant. It is likely to
prove costly to the race he seeks to
favor. For months Washington has
been overrun by vicious blacks. At
tacks upon white women have become
so common that the women of Wash
ington were recently urged to carry
revolvers for their own protection.
The national capital has earned an
evil fame as the asylum of criminal
negroes, and until recently this ele
ment of its population apparently en
joyed peculiar privileges and immu
nities. Since the outbreak at Pitts-
burg a black convicted of attack upon
a white woman was given a rather
severe sentence by a District of Col
umbia judge, who seized the occasion
to declare that the streets of Wash
ington must be made safe for its wo
men.
Now comes the appointment by the
President of a negro to the District
bench. Its effect upon the vicous ele
ment of the race is not hard to fore
see. If it be true, as it is reported,
that the appointee is an agitator of
the offensive type familiar in Wash
ington, the evil effect will be intensi
fied. The blacks will almost certainly
misinterpret the President’s action.
The criminals among them may con
strue it as an indorsement of their
past course and in a sense as a re
bike to the white judge who declared
only the other day for adequate pun
ishment of the negroes who have
made the etreet® of Washington un
safe.
The white citizens of Washington
have borne so long with the excesses
of their black neighbors that it would
ba rash to attempt to set limits to
their powers of endurance. Under
the surface, however, a strong race
antipathy may be noted. It needs
no proplhet to point out that one of
the sure results of the President’s
latest blunder will be the quickening
of race instinct both in and outside
of the District and an intensifying
of race hatred that is likely sooner
or later to lead to a clash.
The sudden eruption in Pittsburg
should have taught Mr. Roosevelt
caution, at least. He could hardly
have chosen a worse time, or a worse
place, for the appointment of a negro
judge. The spread of “race preju
. dice” through the Northern states
has been rapid of late and the negro
agitators who welcome this latest
blunder of executive as
indication that their impossible hopes
ar© to be realized will find, to their
sorrow, that it has the contrary effect.
It would be bard to conceive of an
aet more shrewdly calculated, in the
present state of feeling in Washing
ton and in those sections of the North
where considerable numbers of ne
groes have settled, to hasten the re
volt against the exploded theories of
racial equality by encouraging the vi
cious blacks to further excesses, kind
ling the resentment of the whites and
quickening the racial instinct in every
whit® breast. —The Is®u®.
“THY BRIGHT SMILE HAUNTS
ME STILL.”
Taffy.
Taffy came to my house,
Taffy smole so sweet, —
I took poor Taffy in
And gave him ’possum meat.
I then took Taffy ’round,
Taffy looked so queer,—
I took I’il Taffy down
And gave him simmon beer.
After I took Taffy in
And kindly filled his maw,
Taffy “tuck” and left me
And went to Panama.
B, 8. H.
©be Jeffersonian
„ STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
fftMPAIUV Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
UUWimil I Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
« SOUTH FORSYTH STREET f’d
ATLANTA. .. GEORGIA catalog. sell everything in Machinery and
h 'fle&ded\.
| How a Reliable Engine I
I Economizes Labor 1
/AF course, you, like other The engines are simple in de- ■
(I farmers, want to economize sign so that they can be easily H
your time. understood.
Think in how many places a They are strong and durable — H
power would be a help to you — constructed with a large factor of
would save time and work —if you safety, inasmuch as they have H
had it in a handy form ready for greater strength than would
use in a minute. ordinarily be required. Yet they H
Think how much hard work it are not clumsy or too heavy.
would save you in cutting feed — All parts are accessible and
in sawing wood, posts or poles— easily removed and reassembled.
in running the cream separator Every engine will develop a large S
or churn —in operating shop or per cent of power in excess of its
other machinery. rating —you get more power than
The I. H. C. gasoline engine you pay for.
is a power that is always ready They are absolutely reliable — ||
at your hand. It is not neces- you cannot find one inefficient M
sarily stationary, like the wind- detail. They are unusually eco
mill, and on that account adapted nomical in fuel consumption—
H to doing only one kind of work. less than a pint of gasoline perg n
The engine is built in many horse-power per hour. This
styles —there are portable engines means that a 2-horse power en
on trucks and skidded engines gine will produce full 2-hbrse
which can be moved wherever power for five hours on only one
■ the work is to be done. Then gallon of gasoline.
there are stationary engines, both Would it not be a wise plan for ■
vertical and horizontal, in sizes you to investigate and learn how
from 1 to 25-horse-power, air an I. H. C. engine will save time
cooled and water cooled, and and lighten the labor on your B
also gasoline traction engines farm?
12, 15 and 20-horse-power. Be- International local agents will
sides, there are special sawing, supply you with catalogs. Call
spraying and pumping outfits from on them for particulars, or write
which you can select. the home office.
INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY OF AMERICA ■
(Incorporated)
Chicago, U. S. A. ■
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon , Premium for 4 subscribers...... 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscriber® 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscriber® Lit
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber .5*
Waterloo, just published Premium for 8 subscribers l.lt
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Themson, ta.
WATERLOO
lom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; lie is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is Napoleon! A\e wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet. ’ ’
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.