SOME PAGES TEOM MT SC<HAP ‘BOOK
A LAMENTED POET.
I well remember the late John R. Thomp
son. He was the son of a Richmond, Va.,
merchant, but had no taste for trading in the
mercantile life. He was born a poet and a lit
erary man, that is, he came into the world
with the kind of brain most fitted, in some
mysterious way, for idealities instead of ac
tualities. He received an excellent college
education, and improved his mental faculties
along the lines of romance, criticism and
poetry. He became a famous writer, and so
adept that no less a paper than the New York
Evening Post, celebrated for its correct taste
and a high standard of English composition,
engaged him as its book-reviewer and general,
we think, contributor to its editorial columns.
He had a delicate wit, a charming fancy and
a most winsome conversational endowment.
The last time we saw him was one hot summer
afternoon, at work in a small room in the
Post building, just as Carl Schurz was an
nounced as editor-in-chief. His health was
far from robust and soon afterward he died of
consumption. He was an ardent Confederate.
All of his few poems were of an elevated
order. Perhaps the most touching and beauti
ful of his poems is “Music in Camp,” as fol
lows:
j
Two armies covered hill and plain,
Where Rappahannock’s waters
Ran deeply crimsoned with the stain
Os battle’s recent slaughters.
The summer clouds lay pitched like tents
In meads of heavenly azure;
And each dread gun of the elements
Slept in its high embrasure.
The breeze so softly blew, it made
No forest leaf to quiver;
And the smoke of the random cannonade
Rolled slowly from the river.
And now where circling hills looked down
With cannon grimly planted,
O’er listless camp and silent town
The golden sunset slanted.
i
When on the fervid air there came
A strain, now rich, now tender;
The music seemed itself aflame
With day’s departing splendor.
- i
A federal band, which eve and morn
Played measures brave and nimble,
Had just struck up with flute and horn
And lively clash of cymbal.
Down flocked the soldiers to the banks;
Till, margined by its pebbles,
One wooded shore was blue wifli “Yanks,”
And one was gray with “Rebels.”
Then all was still; and then the band,
With movement light and tricksy,
Made streams and forest, hill and strand,
Reverberate with “Dixie.”
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
The conaeioui stream, with burnished glow
Went proudly o’er its pebbles,
But throughout its deepest flow
With yelling of the Rebels.
Again a pause; and then again
The trumpet pealed sonorous,
And “Yankee Doodle” was the strain
To which the shore gave chorus.
The laughing ripple, shoreward flew
To kiss the shining pebbles;
Loud shrieked the swarming Boys in Blue
Defiance to the Rebels.
And yet once more the bugle sang
Above the stormy riot.
No shout upon the evening rang —
There reigned a holy quiet.
I
The sad, slow stream, its noiseless flood
Poured o’er the glistening pebbles;
All silent now the Yankos stood,
All silent stood the Rebels.
I
No unresponsive soul had heard
That plaintive note’s appealing,
So deeply “Home, Sweet Home” had stirred
The hidden founts of feeling.
Or Blue or Gray, the soldier sees,
As by the wand of fairy,
The cottage ’neath the live oak trees,
The eabin by the prairie.
Or cold or warm his native skies
Bent in their beauty o’er him;
Seen through the tear-mist in his eyes,
His loved ones stand before him.
As fades the iris after rain,
In April’s tearful weather
The vision vanished as the strain
And daylight died together.
But memory, waked by music’s art
Expressed in simple numbers,
Subdued the sternest Yankee’s heart,
Made light the Rebel’s slumbers.
And fair the form of Musie •hines—
That bright celestial creature—
Who still ’mid war’s embattled lines
Gives this one touch of Nature.
I need not add that John Randolph Thomp
son died poor. He remained at his post until
summoned away for final rest or eternal ac
tivity. I hope that, like old Colonel New
come, when about to yield up the ghost, in
poverty, he heard the Master’s call sweetly,
gently, willing and resigned, and answered,
“Adsum!” “I am here!’’-—James R. Ran
dall, in The Morning Star.
RECALLS LINCOLN’S WORDS ON PRED
ATORY CORPORATIONS.
To the Editor of The North American:
Will you kindly publish the following let
ter of grand Abraham Lincoln to Colonel Tay-
lor, of Chicago, in 1862, when there were ex
traordinary needs for a medium of exchange?
It was written inviting Mr. Taylor to aid in
solving the nation’s difficulties. Colonel Tay
lor accepted the invitation and proposed the is
sue qf_ legal tenders, which was accepted by
Lincoln and proposed to Congress by him.
which in turn aroused the animosity of the
New York financial conspirators, and they
gathered their lobby together to defeat the
measure, and succeeded in so mangling the bill
that it fastened a debt on the people and per
mitted the conspirators to continue to control
the issue of the currency instead of the gov
ernment issuing it in the interest of the peo
ple.
Was it any wonder that it came out badly
mutilated? But as bad as it was, it had won
derful virtues, so much so that Lincoln said
of it: “We gave the people of this republic
the greatest blessing they ever had —their own
paper money to pay their own debts.” This
is the letter:
“My Dear Colonel Dick: I have long de
termined to make public the origin of the
greenback and tell the world that it is of Dick
Taylor's creation. You have always been
friendly to me, and troublous times fell on us,
and my shoulders, though broad and willing,
were weak and myself surrounded by such
circumstances and such people that I knew
not whom to trust. Then said I in my ex
tremity: ‘I will send for Colonel Taylor; he
will know what to do.’
“I think it was in January, 1862, on or
about the 16th, that I did so. You came, and
I eaid to you:
‘What can we do?’
“Said you: ‘Why, issue treasury notes bear
ing no interest, printed on the best banking
paper. Issue enough to pay off the army ex
penses and declare it legal tender.’
“Chase thought it a hazardous thing, but
we finally accomplished it and gave to the peo
ple the greatest blessing they ever had —their
own paper to pay their own debts.”
Mark this—“the greatest blessing they ever
had” —is the key to where Abraham Lincoln
stood, and he protected this issue against the
constant onslaught of these New York conspir
ators.
Had Lincoln lived and settled the Civil
War questions we believe he would have made
short work of the New York gamblers.
At another time he said to Andrew G. Cur
tin, Pennsylvania’s war governor: .“Curtin,
what would you do with those fellows in Wall
street who are gambling in gold at such a time
as this?”
“They are a set of sharks,” returned the
war governor.
“For my part,” continued Lincoln, bringing
his clinched hand down upon the table, “I
wish every one of them had his disloyal head
shot off.”
Lincoln’s loss was a terrible blow. We nev
er have had an executive since, unless it be
Mr. Roosevelt, with enough patriotism to dis
perse these conspirators.
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE