PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
*By Tom Dolan,
Extra Session.
So much time has been consumed by the Leg
islature of Georgia, principally on the Convict
Lease question, that the last three days and
nights of the regular term will be full of work,
and there is a strong probability that an extra
session will be called. The important meas
ures approved lately by the House are: The
bill in support of the State Agricultural Col
leges, the anti-lobby, and the primary bills,
while it is probable that the Felder bill, provid
ing for the abolishment of the leases after
April, 1911, will also be speedily passed, thus
leaving the Senate to hasten its work or be re
sponsible for the calling of the extra ses
sion.
The Anti-Machine Element Wins in Kansas.
The nomination of Jos. L. Bristow by Kan
sas Republicans to succeed Senator Long, in
the United States Senate, is apparently a rath
er unexpected victory for the anti-machine
element, and is a hopeful sign. Kansas has
been rather apathetic of late, and the pictur
esque somewhat lacking in her politics. She
had been getting a bit Easternized, a bit sor
did, and it was time for her to assert some of
her old time vigor.
Freight Rates.
11 Off benefit to the general public” is to be
the general increase in freight rates on neces
saries, according to the statements of the cor
poration collecting the increase. Rates be
tween New York and Chicago have been ad
vanced on sugar and coffee, and other articles
will also be subjected to the tax after August
15. Since the injunction of Judge Speer has
been dissolved, Georgia shippers will suffer, as
well as those of other states. The reason for
all this is very clear: the public is simply to
be taxed in advance in order to create a ficti
tious prosperity for Republican campaign pur
poses. Not even for their own benefit will
these blood-sucking corporations dig down into
their own pockets, so long as the dear public
can be made to yield a penny more.
Harriman has now the old Gould railroad
lines in his greedy hands and a deal is on
which which will give him control of the main
Mexican railways. And so the march of Em
pire goes on, while he cheerfully avers that
it’s immaterial to the railroads whether Taft
or Bryan be elected, as the attitude of both
Democratic and Republican parties on injunc
tions, etc., is the same.
Yet, while the United States pauses in stu
pid and childish bewilderment as to financing
the acquisition of its railroads, England is
quietly preparing to< expend $200,000,000 in
buying up her great London docks so that
the people may have equitable service and
charges. Tn some respects Great Britain is
THE JEFERSONIAN
much farther advanced than we are. The
fabulous sums her cities are willing to pay to
insure pure water supply is fairly staggering
to American towns which sociably exchange
sewage with each other year after year and
blame Providence for epidemics of typhoid
fever and other ills.
Not the Only Presidential Pebbles
Are our own “bix six” candidates. Dr.
Alfredo Zayas is candidate for President of
Cuba and has started the ball rolling with
true American dash. He says that if his party
is beaten at the election, it will submit “with
dignity, as patriotic Cuban citizens, and aid
the victors to uphold the Cuban idea.” Beau
tifully dignified and with a vagueness as to
what the “Cuban idea” is, that is truly quite
charming. “Idea” is a good word. Remem
ber when Queen Victoria died, or Eddie was
“coronated” some British editor hysterically
avowed that the “ ’ole bloomink British pos
sessions were ’eld together by the —by the
’h ’idea, doncherknow! ’ ’ which statement pass
ed unchallenged because you never can punc
ture the English fog with a reason and let the
light through. However, in the case of the £u
bans, if we mistake not, there will be scrap
ping from now on to the last bitter tug at the
polls, and the defeated will proceed to put
as many tacks, sharp side up, in the presi
dential chair as they can. For we apprehend
something of the Cuban idea from their pre
vious conduct.
Automobile Accidents.
The number of hideous catastrophes recently,
wherein autos have “turned turtle,” crashed
down precipices, or burst into sheets of flame
while helpless victims have been mangled and
burned beyond recognition, has almost made
one dread to pick up a newspaper lest some
heart-rending, sickening disaster of this sort
should be depicted. The only hope is that
they may warn the careless owners of these
machines that they are not “speed-wagons”
to play with, but engines of death and slaught
er when recklessly mishandled.
‘ ‘ The Frozen Grail. ’ ’
Mylius Ericsonn, the Danish explorer, has
met his death in a snow-storm, somewhere on
the northeastern coast of Greenland. He had
been gone from the haunts of civilization for
about a year and the news of his loss brings
sorrow. He was one of those men ever lured
by the Polar Star to seek “the strange—the
white immaculate Virgin of the North; born to
endure the glory of her eyes, and lift his warm
lips to the frozen Grail.”
Holocaust.
Frightful forest fires have been raging in
Canada through the Elk River valley. Hun
dreds of victims, penned in by raging flames,
beyond all hope of escape or rescue, will have
perished before the flames die out. Their
number will never be known.
“She was Barbara Rieg.”
Thus simply states a New York paper, m
confirming the identity of a pretty young girl,
the piteous victim of another shocking tragedy
following the Hazel Drew case. “Is no wom
an safe when left alone?” exclaims Lilian Bell.
‘‘ Is America becoming a country where no de
fenseless woman is safe from a murderous
attack by some hulking brute of a man? Is
a woman’s sex becoming a menace in this land,
which is supposed to enthrone its women to
the extent of becoming a precedent to other
nations?” In the South the embers still
smoulder at the foot of the stake; and in the
north distracted mothers wail the fate of their
“little girls.” Wei boast our civilization and
yet fire powerless to protect the very crown
thereof.
The Birmingham Situation.
This is the fifth week of the great coal
miners’ strike in the vicinity of Birmingham.
Some blood has been spilled, but the situation
is now tolerably quiet. Strike breakers are
being rushed to the scene, under military pro
tection, but the union men are hopeful and
have no intention of giving up the struggle.
A “Human Interest” Tale.
That is a very beautiful story, if true, about
the Italian collector who had embezzled from
his employed, got into the bands of loan sharks
and finally determined to advertise his des
perate situation in the hope some kindly
heart would be touched and he saved from sui
cide. And, strangely enough, perhaps, two
generous men believed the pathetic little ad. to
be true, the employer himself discovered the
identity of the advertiser, and there was a
benevolent co-operation among them which res
cued the bewildered and despairing - wrong
doer. Which shows there’s a lot of real kind
ness in the world, for all its selfish heedless
ness.
The Suffragette Movement.
The demand for the extension of the suf
frage to women has become worldwide and so
vigorous, persistent and insistent that the as
sumption that women will be given the ballot
“whenever thev really want it,” is going to
be put to the test. It has recently been discov
ered that at least six of England’s peeresses
have the hereditary and inalienable right to sit
in the House of Lords, and if they chose to
take their seats the effect would be electrical
in awakening all the fair sex to their civic
importance. “Anti” movements have, of
course, sprung up, but these have >so far pre
sented no new arguments against granting the
suffrage, while, on the contrary, the old ones
have been disproven in every case where the
experiment has been fairly tried.