PAGE EIGHT
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
<~f>iXoßTfiyr cayfrcfo 2
ATLANTA, GA., SEPTEMBER 24,1908
Steel Trust Tor Taft; Standard Oil
Tor ffryan.
One of the fat twins who is running for the
Presidency accuses the other of being the can
didate of the Steel Trust. Mr. Taft denies the
charge, but we think that it is true. The Steel
Trust, as a corporation, may not be contribut
ing to the Republican campaign fund, but the
men who are at the head of it are doing so, be
yond all reasonable doubt. Gary put in his
dominating appearance at the Chicago Conven
tion, and it is not probable that he has lost in
terest in brother Taft. Then there are Carnegie,
Schwab, Corey, and the other magnates who
accumulate millions annually out of the legis
lative favors which the Republicans have
showered upon them.
Besides, does not the Trust owe a huge debt
of gratitude to President Roosevelt because
of his “permit” allowing the Trust to gobble
up a troublesome competitor —The Tennessee
Coal & Iron Company?
This Southern concern operated an open
hearth method which enabled it to undercut the
prices of the Pennsylvania corporation, conse
quently it was a dangerous rival.
J. P. Morgan, Charles Schwab and J. H.
Gary took advantage of the made-to-order
panic of 1907, and scooped said rival at about
half its value, violating the law by doing so,
and violating it by Presidential permission.
Therefore, we think Mr. Bryan told the truth,
substantially, when he said that the Steel Trust
is backing Taft.
But which candidate is the Whiskey Trust
backing? Not Taft, obviously, for in Maine,
Indiana and Ohio the Taftites are Prohibition
ists. In this campaign, the Bryanites are the
whiskeyites. It’s mighty queer, but it’s so.
If the Democratic papers of the South were
not leagued in a conspiracy of silence there
would be such a revolt of the Temperance peo
ple against Bryan as would make it impossible
for him to win the confidence game which he
is playing upon the people.
And which of the candidates gets the support
of the Tobacco Trust, this time? Bryan.
Roosevelt has been prosecuting suits to 1 reak
up the unlawful Trust, and the Trust is mad
about it. Some sort of secret deal has been
made, and the great Tobacco Trust, which is
blighting the fairest regions in the South ■
robbing the planter at one end of the line, and
the retailer at the other—is heartily supporting
Bryan. One of the Trust magnates, Moses
Wetmore, holds a place on the Bryan Finance
Committee..
So it is with Standard Oil.
Roosevelt pushed a vigorous prosecution of
the Rockefeller combine, for a few of its many
violations of law. Convicted on positive testi
mony, it was fined $29,000,000.
Comparatively, this sentence was lighter
than those imposed every day on poor people
who steal'trifles. Indeed, the ten-day imprison
men of the New York National Guardsman
punished for failing to take part in a par'de—
was much more severe than this line of
000,000 which represents about three months’
net profits to the law-breaking corporation.
But, of course, Rockefeller, Rogers, Arch
bold, Stillman and the other magnates of
Standard Oil bitterly resent the prosecution,
and venomously hate Roosevelt, who caused it.
Therefore, it is not surprising to see Stand
ard Oil supporting Bryan. The corporation—■
lawless, vindictive and powerful —wants to
punish Roosevelt and his political heir by elect
ing Bryan. If it succeeds in doing so, the les
son thereby taught to public men will be
worth all the money which the Standard Oil
gang are pouring into the Bryan campaign
fund. If the two lawless Trusts —the Tobacco
Trust and the Standard Oil Company—can
succeed in,“punishing” the Republicans for at
tempting to put a limit to their piratical greed,
neither of the dear old twins will ever beard
the lions again.
To demonstrate their irresistible power, and
thus secure immunity for the future, is the rea
son why some of the Trust support-Bryan. To
maintain influence at court and retain their
hold upon the legislative machine which grinds
out fortunes for the favored few, is the reason
why some of the Trusts support Taft. So,
there you are. If Bryan is elected, the Trusts
are safe; if Taft wins the Trusts do not lose.
Selah.
» »» #•
Standard Oil and Toraker.
There's a loud racket being raised over the
disclosure of the fact that Senator Foraker, of
Ohio, was paid nearly SBO,OOO for his “ser
vices” in connection with the defeat of some
anti-corporation legislation.
Why should anyone be surprised? Is it a
piece of news to be told that the big corpora
tions bribe our Congressmen, our judges, our
legislatures? How else can they rule the land?
We must endeavor to be calm and reason
able. We must not expect angelic methods
from the human beings who manage our big
corporations. If we restrict them to Arcadian
standards, how can we expect such benevolent
creatures as the Tobacco Trust and the Stand
ard Oil to wax great in power and profits?
Suppose, forsooth, that the rock-ribbed Dem
ocrats who organized the Tobacco Trust had
never bought a Congressman —would Congress
have passed those bills which drove small
dealers out of the tobacco trade and made the
Trust a logical consequence?
Do you suppose that the great Whiskey
Trust could have secured the shameful govern
mental favors it enjoys without having to bribe
the public men who voted them?
Take the Sugar Trust —did not Cleveland’s
man, John G. Carlisle, write the schedules, in
the Wilson-Gorman tariff bill, which the Sugar
Trust demanded, in return for its contribu
tion to the Democratic campaign fund?
As to the Standard Oil crowd, they buy Re
publican leaders in Republican states, and
Democratic leaders in Democratic states. Buy
Foraker? Os course they did. A national
disgrace? Os course it is.
But.isn't Dave Francis, of Missouri, a Stand
ard Oil man? Os course he is. And isn’t he a
Bryanite, all right? Os course. And wasn’t
he the man who dug the pit for poor Bailey?
To be —
Foraker and other Republican leaders do the
dirty work on the Republican side; but neither
Standard Oil, nor any other one of these mon
strous aggregations of capital, could rule the
land as they do unless they could buy Demo
cratic leaders, also.
For instance —what is the secret of the sud
dent let-up in the fight which Tammany Demo
crats were making on Pat McCarren in New
York ? The Standard Oil in this campaign, is for
Bryan, and harmony between the Standard’s
Senator, McCarren, and the Standard’s Tam
many is necessary to Bryan’s success. Hence
Tammany is ordered to make peace with the
notorious Standard Oil henchman, McCarren,
who represents the corporation in New York,
as Foraker does in Ohio.
Tleffersoixian
A Democratic Platform.
The Tammany Democracy which is support*
ing Mr. Bryan so heartily had a state conven
tion at Rochester last week. The Peerless was
there, as usual, with the customary amount of
talk. He was also there to command harmony
between those patriots, Charles Murphy, Fingy
Conners and Pat McCarren. ' e
Here is what a Democratic newspaper, the
N. Y. World says about the platform adopted
by the Bryanites of New York state:
A MURPHY CORPORATION PLAT
FORM.
The Buffalo Times, owned and edited by
Mr. Norman E. Mack, the energetic Chairman
.of the Democratic National Committee, says
of the Republican candidate for Governor:
“Governor Hughes’s veto of the two-cent-a
mile railroad-rate bill, his veto of the Coney
Island five-cent-fare bill, his solicitude for the
predatory wealth of Wall Street in the great
est gambling combination of modern times, his
obvious hostility to the 'progress of the barge
canal, indicate that his zealous regard for the
masses is confined to their moral well-being.”
Yet the Democratic State platform says not
one word against the Governor’s veto of the
two-cent-fare bill. It says not one word
against the Governor’s veto of the Coney Is
land five-cent-fare bill. It says not one word
in favor of restricting Wall Street gambling.
It says not one word in favor of constructing
the barge canal.
Mr. Mack must share the amazement of The
World over a pretended Democratic platform
which, while reiterating “i|s abiding faith in
the principles of Democracy as against plu
tocracy,” is framed'* in the interests of the
very plutocracy it professes to denounce.
It is a platform for the protection of Wall
Street gamblers; for the protection of insur
ance criminals; for the protection of traction
thieves; for the protection of Ryan-Harriman
stock-jobbers; for the protection of rich tax
dodgers ; for the protection of predatory cor
porations. It is a betrayal of Democratic
principles; it is a betrayal of the Democratic
party; it is a betrayal of the Democratic
masses.
*
The Glorious Nelvs Trom Maine.
Did you hear the inspiring echoes from the
state election in Maine? Have you perused
the exultant editorials in the Democratic pa
pers ?
If not, run and get them. More especially,
get and read the editorial in the Atlanta Geor
gian—of our great apd good friend Seeley.
Happiness oozes out of that editorial as goose
grease oozes out of the geese.
Whereupon, the Jeffersonian was surprised.
It’s not very easy to take the old man by sur
prise these days, but it happens occasionally
nevertheless.
And Seeley’s editorial, jubilating over the
returns in Maine, jostled us smartly. In the
state election, in Maine, the Democrats came
mighty near beating the Republicans, and the
Georgian was happy. So were all the other
Democratic papers. So was Bryan. So was
Kern. So were Taggart and Watterson. So
were the whiskey men, generally. But why?
What were the issues in the Maine state cam
paign ?
PROHIBITION, AGAINST LOCAL OP
TION.
Maine has long had a Prohibition law. It
has long been the banner state of the Temper
ance people. The liquor men want the law re
pealed. They say that Prohibition does not
prohibit, but they want the law wiped out, all
the same. Under specious pleas in favor of
Local Option, they wish to do in Maine what
they did in 1 ennessee. They know that under
Local Option, the big cities will have saloons
(like unto Hoke’s Piedmont bar, for example),
and that none but the country counties will
adopt Prohibition. Consequently, the whiskey
!