at any rate, and the cause of it ascertained;
the constitution indicated by light hair and
eyes is not adapted to the conditions of town
life. And towns grow without ceasing at
the expense of the country; the last census
demonstrated an increase of 15 cent, in ten
years preceding. Seventy-seven per cent al
ready have deserted wholesome fields for the
poisoned streets. The same fatal process is
working all over Europe, even in Russian and
Danubian principalities, always accompanied
by a multiplication of the brunette type and
a diminution of th fair; at the rate at which
towns are increasing Prof Mason prophesies
the absolute extinction of the fair.
Before one, perhaps, had concerned himself
with these questions, Dr. Beddoes wrote:
4 ‘ln my experience as a physician it has ap
peared that on the whole, dark complexioned
children show more tenacity of life than fair
ones under some of the unfavorable conditions
of town life.” That observation is echoed
from all parts of the world now.
Where the conditions are more favorable,
“such as boroughs in which are larger model
dwellings with plenty of open space around,
the blonds seem nearly to hold their own, and
in the suburban areas do so with success. ’ ’
The conclusion is that the fair type must
die out if deprived of fresh air, while the
dark suffers comparatively little. It, is a
striking example of natural selection and the
survival of the fittest under an unnatural state
of things.
Prof. Ripley asserts that in the close neigh
borhood of London the average stature of the
people is even lower than in the metropolis,
and they are. darker mostly. This he attri
butes to the constant migration of the taller in
dividuals, who seek to “better themselves”
in town. But the tall, as a class, are the
fair; moreover, they are the more enterpris
ing. And this rule applies to emigrants
generally; the fair go; the dark, less inclined
for adventure, remain to propagate their like
in the mother country. —Exchange.
THE COUNTRY SAVED.
The Senate and House conference commit
tees have decided upon a compromise currency
measure. The bill has passed the House, and
by the time this greets the reader’s eyes the
probability is it will have received favorable
action from the Senate.
The country is saved. We can now 7 face
the future assured that, whatever else may
be lacking, there will be money in plenty;
at least, we suppose this is the end that has
been attained, otherwise we are at a loss to
understand why all the energy and eloquence
has been devoted to this particular bill, while
many others of importance lie in committees
to be buried with the adjourning of Congress.
Senator Aldrich is reported as saying that
the measure agreed on is really one of
economic faith cure, from which we under
stand that it is intended as a well meaning
bluff. The Senator apparently has little
expectation of seeing it ever actually applied
to the financial needs of the country. He
hopes that the moral effect of having done
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
something will be sufficient to prevent any
necessity for testing the practical value of
■what has been done.
We hope so, too, for to tell the truth, we
have little faith in the serviceableness of a
bill that has been evolved in the manner and
under the circumstances that have given form
to this one. Back of it has been too much of
the motive of expediency, and too little under
standing of the real problems that Congress
is presumably seeking to solve.
The measure, however, has been robbed
of most of its objectionable features. It is
harmless in its present shape, and will do for
legislative ornamentation. Our chief cause
for faultfinding lies in the fact that its discus
sion has occupied so much good time—time
that, in our opinion, might have been better
devoted to bills of greater importance.
From our point of vision on the political
horizon it appeared to be the wiser and more
statesmanlike policy to remove from industry
the disabilities under which it is working as
the result of imperfect and hampering regula
tion, and to give to labor a large leeway in
the adjusting of its relations to capital. This
end was aimed at by the President in his
effort to secure amendments to the anti-trust
law and to the laws governing the issuing of
injunctions.
Capital and labor are the two great and
indispensable factors in prosperity. They are
constant and fundamental in the working out
of commercial success and progress. Give
them freedom to act and co-operate within
the limits of reason and true liberty, and there
will be little need for emergency legislation
of the kind of the currency bill. To spend
days in providing a • soothing syrup for a
disordered system, while the actual cause of
the disorder is absolutely neglected, seems to
be the course of the quack rather than the
skilled physician.—Louisville Herald.
“RESPONSIBILITY FOR EXTRAVA
GANCE.”
Republican leaders in the house are visibly
worried over the vast total of appropriations.
The sum will be considered above $1,000,000,-
000—and this with the treasury running be
hind about $400,000 a day. Feeling that
somebody will be blamed for this, the men
at the head of the house organization are
looking around to find shoulders more willing
than their own to assume the burden. We
have already referred to Congressman Taw
ney’s ingenious theory that the Democratic
minority is responsible for at least $50,000,-
000 of the waste, as but for the filibuster the
majority could have prevented it. But this
rolling of the water upstream does not appear
to Congressman Burton to be an adequate
explanation. In his speech in the house
yesterday, he pointed to the senate as the
really guilty party. Alluding to the undoubt
ed fact that most of the appropriation bills
come back from the senate with heavy addi
tions, he affirmed that the real cause of
extravagance lay in the existence of “an
other house with different ideas, and more
readily reached by those who represent local
or special, interests. ’ ’ Mr. Burton’s remedy
is to refuse to “yield the prerogatives of the
house to the senate.”
Even theoretically, this is not convincing.
Money bills can originate only in the house,
yet the senate has the constitutional right
to amend them, and amending may mean,
usually does mean, increasing. But we do
not see that any “prerogative” of the house
can successfully be asserted against this. The
brute power of the house might be asserted.
It could, if it chose, take an immovable stand
on the issue of economy, refuse assent to
every senate amendment, and compel an extra
session, if necessary, with an appeal to the
country to sustain its position. But everv
body knows that the house will not do this.
And everybody should know the reason why.
Practically, the individual members of the
house are often interested in the swollen
appropriations urged by the senate. Repre
sentatives have fought for them in vain be
fore the house committees, and then have gone
quietly to their senators to get the desired
sums inserted in the bills in the senate.
When these are returned to the house, they
thus have numerous and powerful friends on
the floor, no matter what the attitude of the
leaders may be.
There is, however, a superadded reason
why the appropriations of congress, seen
against th? black background of shrunken
revenues, appear glaringly extravagant. The
party in power is traditionally lavish in its
policies; and its president is a man into whose
ken economy never swims. Mr. Roosevelt
has not uttered a single earnest word in lavor
of retrenchment; his demand is always for
more money expended on new projects. The
orator at the Columbia law school yesterday
maintained that a study of the law would
have been of the greatest advantage to the
president. We ourselves think that a business
training and serious effort to grasp financial
principles would have been more profitable
to both him and the country. In President
Cleveland’s second inaugural, he upheld the
homely American virtues of frugality and
thrift, and although the clouds had not then
gathered upon tlie financial horizon, called for
the utmost economy in public expenditures.
But not even in these bad times —which good
Republicans do not mention as they pass—
have we had from the president anything so
weighty or direct. With his constant attitude
being that of “hang the expense,” it is not
strange that congress has hung it. —New
York Evening Post.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE THREE