Another Year of Defeat Tor the American Saloon
By Terdinand Colvie Iglehart.
The revolt against the liquor
traffic seems to be world-wide. The
fight against it in Europe is nearly
as fierce as as it is in this country.
Finland abolished intoxicants by a
vote of . its Parliament. Iceland
adopted national prohibition in Sep
tember last. The Duma of Russia
ordered the removal of the royal
eagle from the vodka bottles, and the
substitution of the skull and cross
bones, the symbols of death, and the
word poison written in large letters
beneath them as a warning to the
people. In Paris there are placards
placed on the bulletin boards saying
that “whoever puts alcohol in his
mouth takes out his brains, his money,
his health, -his happiness.” Govern
ment statistics in England show a de
crease of thirty million dollars’ worth
of intoxicants in the consumption
during the year 1908.
The South Swept by a “Prohibition”
Wave.
The temperance revolution in this
country continues with unabated en
ergy. Eleven thousand saloons were
put out of business during the year
1908. As many more in 1907, and at
that rate of decrease it would require
but twenty years to abolish all the
saloons of the country.
About eighteen of the twenty mil
lions of the people of the Southern
States have already outlawed the sa
loon. In New York City alone there
are one thousand more saloons than
in all the fourteen Southern States,
and it looks as though within the
coming five years every State in that
section would vote the saloon out of
existence.
On Miay 6, 1908, North Carolina
followed her sister States of Georgia,
Alabama, and Mississippi, in the
adoption of State prohibition, by a
popular vote.
The campaign was a notable one,
participated in by Governor Glenn,
the two United States Senators, every
member of Congress, all of whom
stood against the saloon, securing a
majority of 42,000 votes.
The fight for prohibition in 1909
w<as begun by Tennessee, following
the example of her old mother State,
North Carolina, passing a bill pro
hibiting the sale of intoxicants by a
vote of 24 to 13 in the Senate, and
62 to 36 in the House. It was vetoed
by the Governor, and passed over his
objection by the same vote in the
Senate, and by the loss of but one
vote in the House. This bill will go
into effect the first day of next July,
at which time every saloon in the
State will close its doors. A more
drastic bill to prohibit the manufac
ture of intoxicants in the iState, which
is to take effect on January 1, 1910,
was carried in both branches of the
Legislature, and was passed again
over the Governor’s veto, and is now
a law.
In South Carolina each county hav
ing a dispensary will vote on the
question of option between tlhe county
dispensary and prohibition in August
of this year.
Thirty-six of the forty-six counties
of Florida, including 525,000 of the
650,000 of population, have abolished
the saloon. There are only 330 saloons
in the entire State, and from tlhe
oiganization of the present Legisla
ture it seems probable that State-wide
prohibition will be adopted at once.
Louisiana has more than 32,000
miles of “dry” territory, and six en
tire parishes were placed in the anti
saloon license column during the past
year.
lifty-nine out of the seventy-nine
counties of Arkansas are dry, and
1,612,000 of the 1,750,700 of the peo
ple in the State are living in terri
tory where the drink traffic is for
bidden. There are only 317 saloons
in the whole State left, which must
give way to tlhe inevitable public
verdict against the business.
During tlhe -past year 800 saloons
were driven out of Texas, and fifteen
new counties voted no-license. Os
the 243 counties 150 are “dry,”
sixty-six part “wet,” and twenty
live license the saloon. Two hundred
thousand of the 267,000 square miles
of the State is “dry” territory, con
taining a population of 3,000,000 peo
ple. Stiaite-wide prohibition will be
a certainty in the near future.
In Virginia during the past year
400 liquor places were put out of
business. Seventy-one of the 100
counties in the State have not a li
censed saloon.
The temperance people of West
Virginia lost in their battle before
the Senate, which recently adjourned,
losing .two pi-opositions; first, the
amendment to the Constitution, for
bidding the manufacture and sale of
intoxicating drinks, and also one for
county local option. There are 700,-
000 of the 1,200,000 people of this
Stia.te who live in territory where the
saloon is forbidden. Thirty-three
counties out of the fifty-five in the
State are entirely “dry.”
In Kentucky one more county has
been added to the “dry” column,
making ninety-six out of the 119
counties in the State.
Missouri has made decided progress
during the past year. There are now
fifty “dry” counties in the Slate, in
cluding their municipalities, while
twenty-seven other counties have abol
ished the saloon under the county op
tion law, which exempts cities of
2,500 population and more from its
opera tion.
Aggressive Campaigning in the Mid
dle West.
The fires of prohibition that have
been burning in the cotton-fields of
the South have crossed Mason’s and
Dixon’s Line and caught in the mea
dows, the corn-fields, and wheat-fields
of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, and
other Northern States, and are burn
ing as fiercely as they have been in
the South.
Illinois, the third .State in the
Union in wealth, population, and im
portance, never gave its people the
benefit of a local-option law until last
year, when fate people voted in 1,300
towns, 1,000 of which went “dry.”
The temperance movement in In
diana. is about as vigorous as in any
of the Southern States. The Remon
strance law had cleared the saloon
from two-thirds of the geographical
Jeffersonian
area of the State. Os the 36,300
square miles of territory. 26.170 had
been made “dry,” and about 1,600,-
000 of the population out of the 2,-
600,000 were living in “dry” terri
tory. Governor Hanley called a spe
cial session of the Legislature in Sep
tember last, which passed a local-op
tion law with the county as the unit,
under which the people are making
Indiana a prohibitory State as rapidly
as they can get to the polls. Under
the old law twenty entire counties
had gone “dry.” Since last autumn
forty-three more had joined their
company, making sixty-three of the
ninety-two counties in the State which
are entirely “dry,” and it is under
stood that but one county of all the
forty-four recently voting has gone
“wet.”
It is said that the local-option ques
tion got mixed up pretty badly in
Hoosier politics; some of the leaders
claiming that Watson and the Re
publics n State ticket were beaten on
that account. It is likely that the
Republican party would have been
beaten very much worse if it had un
dertaken to dodge the issue, which
was inevitable. It is charged that the
liquor people beat Kearns for the
Senatorship, land that he, in revenge,
prevented the repeal of the local-op
tion bill. But whatever hand the tem
perance question played in the politics
of the State, the people, Democrats
and Republicans, went on steadily
voting the saloon out of business in
the State, and it now seems likely
that Indiana may be the next State of
the North to adopt State prohibition.
The revolution in Ohio is just as
marked as in Indiana, and just as
enthusiastic as in any of the Southern
State. The Anti-Saloon League,
which was born in that State, removed
the saloon from large districts in the
State by one form of local option or
another, but a local-option bill for the
county as the unit was passed by the
legislature, under whose provisions
voting has been going on since last
autumn, with results that have startled
the nation. The saloon had been re
moved from five entire counties under
the previous laws, but since last Sep
tember sixty-three counties have voted
on the subject, fifty-eight of which
have abolished the saloon, and only
nine counties have licensed it, so that,
of the eighty-eight entire counties of
the State, sixty-three have gone
“dry,” and nine have gone “wet.”
Many of the contests were notable,
especially the one in Clark County,
which contains Springfield, with a
population of 42,000, polling a vote
of almost 19,000 votes, which went
“dry” by 139 majority. The
Legislature this year passed two laws
strengthening the local-option law;
one preventing 'agents from soliciting
orders for liquor in “dry” territory,
the other providing for the appoint
ment of secret-service men in each
county in the State to assist the
prosecuting attorney in securing
evidence of tlhe illegal sale of liquor.
These measures were desperately
fought by the liquor men, who were
finally overcome.
One year ago there was but one
county entirely “dry” in the State
of Michigan. Early last month, after
one of t'he fiercest fights in the history
oi the State, local-option elections
were held in twenty-seven counties,
twenty of which went “dry,” closing
ac one stroke 600 saloons and ten
breweries.
After a tremendous struggle, the
Nebraska Legislature at its last ses
sion passed the Daylight Sale bill,
permitting the sale of liquor only be
tween the hours of 7 a. m. and 8 p. m.
The Legislature of lowa on the eve
of adjournment passed two bills un
friendly to the liquor interests, one
limiting the number of saloons to
one to one thousand of the population
in cities, t'he other requiring druggists
to file with the auditor of the county
signed 'applications for liquor.
The State of Washington has just
passed a county-option law, excluding
municipalities of 2,500 or more,
which have a separate option of their
own.
The Legislature of Idaho has this
year passed a very strong local-option
law.
Both branches of the Legislature of
Utah passed a county-option but
at the last of the ses-ion. when too
■late for a remedy, the Governor
vetoed the bill.
Prohibition was t'he main issue in
t'he municipal elections held in Colo
rado, outside of Denver, early in
April. The Anti-Saloon party
generally was successful.
Local Option in New York and New
England.
A local-option bill for cities as a
whole is pending before the New
York State Legislature. Tlhe present
liquor law of the State permits local
option for towns, under which
elections have been held this year
resulting in a net increase of thirty
“dry” towns. About 330 towns in
the State are “dry,” about 3*o
“wet,” and the rest are part “wet”
and part “dry.” The Committee of
Fourteen introduced a bill at Albany,
providing among other things for
the opening of saloons in cities of the
first class certain hours on Sunday,
which was promptly killed in tin*
Senate -Committee. Yates County, by
a vote on February 23, carried <aii
the towns in its territory against tin
saloon, and became the first and
only entirely “dry” county in the
State.
Recent elections in Connecticut have
abolished the Liquor traffic from
3000 square miles of territory, closing
300 saloons during the year.
Massachusetts has gained ten
municipalities for the “dry” column.
During 1908 429 saloons weie
driven out of Rhode Island.
Important Federal Legislation.
For several years the temperance
people have undertaken to secure an
amendment to tlhe Interstate Com
merce law, forbidding the importation
of intoxicating liquors into territory
made “dry” by State legislation,
ard have failed. On February 17 la i
there -was incorporated into the
penal code of the United States the
Interstate Liquor Shipment bill, in
(To be Continued.)
PAGE THIRTEEN