THE SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD
The letter from Mrs. Gooch, of luka, Miss.,
published in the Junior Department, is very
suggestive. Many a sick person, who is, per
haps, not in need of money, or the necessities
of life, would be cheered by a little pleasant
letter, or even a post-card, just to let them
know that others were thinking about them
and were sorry for them. A little sympathy,
a kind word, spoken or written at the right
time, would do wonders—might be better than
a dose of medicine. The plan of keeping an
address book of invalids is a good one, both
for the children and the grown-ups. We
would like to have such lists for publication
in Ihe Jeff, and we would also like to have
the names of those who will write letters or
post-cards to the sick and lonely. If you have
no money to spare, where money is needed,
perhaps you can send some old clothes, or a
tew flowers, or books, papers, magazines,—
anything that will help to relieve the awful
monotony of a sick-bed.
PULL FOR HOME MISSION WORK.
To the Hon. Thos. E. Watson:—l am a
subscriber to both Jeffersonian and Maga
zine and am in deep sympathy with you in all
good work that you are engaged in at this
time. ,Am glad that we have such a man to
fight for the rights of the Masses, against the
Greed of the Classes. lam glad that you are
exposing the ways in which this Foreign
Mission business is carried on. I am a be
liever in missions, but not one of the African,
Chinese, and Japanese kind. I am for the
uplifting of our own race. Here in our own
America, if we do unto those here in our our
country, what should be done, we would have
our hands full, and now for a “Pull for Home
Mission Work '. I worked one day in the in
terest of the Sunny South Brotherhood, and
below are the names of those that agred to
become working members in the Brotherhood :
J. B. Rainey, J. H. Haslett,
J. F. Langham, J. B. Smith,
J. J. Herrington, Louis Johnson,
G. A. Atkinson, J. A. O’Kelley,
W. J. Williams, L. B. Daniel,
R. R. Williams, J. C. Williams,
N. R. Johnson, G. D. Stone,
R. H. Brannan, J. W. Brownlee,
F. B. Maddox, M. M. Mellary,
H. J. McLeray, E. P. Thompson,
W. R. Arnold, J. H. Hamilton,
J. A. Hazelrigs, A. J. Johnson,
R. S. Wells, J. P. Thompson,
J. W. Gilbert, M. W. O’Kelley,
IM. E. Strickland, J. N. Langley,
J. L. Haney, G. G. Bennett,’
P. M. Dalton.
I will do all in my power to promote the
cause of the Brotherhood. Send me some
samples of The Jeff and I will hand them
out for you.—Yours in this Brotherhood
Work for this South of ours, J. B. Rainey,
Lawrenceville, Ga., B. F. D. 3.
HERE’S A TRUE MAN.
Dear Sir :—I am in most hearty accord
with the purposes of the Sunny South Broth
erhood as given by you in The Jeffersonian
of the 24th. I shall be glad, indeed, to aid
the movement in every way I can. If I can
be of any service to you in the organization
of the Brotherhood, command me.—Yours
very truly, H. J. Mullens, Franklin, Tenn.
WANTS TO HELP THE NEEDY OF NORTH
CAROLINA.
Dear Sir: —It has been the dream of my
life to do something for the unfortunate chil
dren of my own State and I shall be glad to
become a worker in the Brotherhood.—Mrs.
K. Y. Wilfong, Newton, N. C.
P. S. —Have a number of Magazines for
distribution among those wanting same.
C>b® TJeffersonlan
KIND WORDS FROM TEXAS.
Dear Daddy Jim: —I think that everybody
ought to help in every way they can. The
people ought to build homes for the crippled,
sick and needy boys and girls. If you can’t
go to help another, send money for them to
buy anything they need. Those that want to
work and can’t get a place, try to help them
get one. The people in every State in the
South ought to go in together and have a
great organization, and each town should
have a society for this purpose. Instead of
running the poor boys and girls away, you
should have a kind word for them. I think
this work is great, and if everybody in the
South would lend a helping hand we would
have a better country. Everybody ought to
give something to this purpose.—Yours truly,
Bernard Boucher, Alice, Texas.
FULL OF GOOD SUGGESTIONS.
Mr. Thos. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: —Please count me as a member
of the Sunny South Brotherhood. It is a glo
rious work, and may God bless you in start
ing it. I have been State organizer for the
Sunshine Society for a number of years, and
they are very much alike. My heart goes out
to all of God’s afflicted children, and especial
ly to the little ones and the four-scores—God
bless them! Having been a shut-in several
times in my life, I know how to truly sym
pathize with those afflicted, and I know how
much even a post-card is appreciated.
Will you allow me space in your paper,
some time, to tell of the Sunshine work? I
want to tell the children how to help cheer
other children. Have organized so many of
their circles, both local and through the press.
It takes an older person to guide children,
and I ask the privilege to be leader of the
Juniors when they are organized. Can fur
nish them dozens of names of shut-in children
in our great Sunny Southland. I have corre
sponded with quite a lot of them and they are
my “pen pets”.
If each one would have an address book of
invalids, they would soon be able to have some
nice pen friends. I am saving the ones pub
lished in The Jeffersonian (some I already
have) and will write them a card. Please add
to your list Miss Bertha Dean. Fishoningo.
Miss.—Dropsv—wants post-card shower, and
Mrs. M. G. Bostick, luka, Miss., broken an
kle. Will send more soon.
You can publish parts of this letter, if you
wish. We take both of your papers.—Your
friend in the good work of Christ. Mrs. W. D.
Gooch. luka, Miss.
AN APPEAL FROM UNCLE CHARLIE.
Dear Uncle Charlies —Under another cov
er I have sent my renewal to the dear old
Comfort, and now I am writing to beg you to
insert a plea in the paper for me, for if any
one on earth needs your help, I do. My hus
band is under the doctor’s care, and has been
for the last fifteen years. I have myself and
six children to support, and am hardly able
to stand on my feet. Heaven alone knows my
trials. At night, lam too tired to sleep. My
little ones are naked, all but rags. If you can
help me, do so, and great will be your reward
in Heaven. Enclosed is my reference, which
is right good. I am praying that my plea
will not be in vain, and asking God to bless
you. Hoping you and the Cousins good hick,
I am, your sad and troubled sister in Jesus
Christ, Mrs. W. E. Bea, Martinsville, Va.
(Note by Uncle Charlie.)
Dr. M. E. Hundley, Church St., Martins
ville, Ya., writes: “Mrs. W. E. Bea is unable
to work, and has a family to support, and is
By DADDY JIM
worthy of any aid he can secure.” Got a let
ter from a Mrs. Betty Sigman, same town,
Martinsville, Va. She has seven children and
is sick. The children are almost naked. She
was going to the mills to work but they were
shut down. This same Dr. Hundley gives her
a first-class reference. Don’t know if she is a
widow, but think so. The population of this
place is about 2,800 or 3.ooo.—Uncle Char
lie.
JUNIOR BROTHERHOOD
CRIPPLED NINE YEARS.
Dear Sir: —The ten cents extra is to help
organize the Sunny South Brotherhood. I
will send some more soon. There is a man in
my district who has been crippled nine years
and unable to walk. Alonzo Kennedy is his
name.—Your friend. Arling Tootle, Glenn
ville. Ga.
|"I would like to have the boys and girls tell
us the names of deserving cases in their
neighborhood. To save time, it would be well
to always give the name of some reference—
some one who will say that the party really
needs help and deserves it.j
FROM PENNSYLVANIA.
Dear Sir:—Enclosed please find two dol
lars, which you will kindiv transmit to Mrs.
M. F. Shepl lerd-Walker, in whose behalf you
made an appeal in the weekly Jeffersonian
April 7th.
Hoping that many more may be induced to
contribute a mite towards the relief of this
innocent victim of the Foreign Mission craze,
through your appeal. I am, sincerely yours,
Jno. B. Bott, Brownsville, Pa.
AROUND OUR OWN DOORS.
Dear Sir: —Enclosed find check for two
dollars. You will please send me your Maga
zine for one year, and let the balance go into
your treasury for the Sunny South Brother
hood. I have never been a crank about For
eign Missions—always claimed that the way
to do business was to clean around your own
door first. As for helping the African race,
I have all kinds, colors, ages and sizes on my
own plantation, that need help. When I am
through helping my own race, will fall back
at my own doors, and help them. As for
handing out half a dozen of your weeklies, I
wish I had three dozen of this week’s issue to
hand out, as I feel like it alone is worth five
times the cost of a year’s subscription. Send
them on. Will take pleasure in handing them
out. Am willing to do all I can to help out
your Sunny South Brotherhood. Enter my
name as a working member, if you wish.—B.
I). Kitchings, B. F. D. 2. Plum Branch, S. C.
STATEMENT.
We have received the following amounts
during the last week. Those intended for
Mrs. Shepherd-Walker have been forwarded
to her. The others will be used for the relief
of the most urgent cases, and a strict account
will be kept. Not a red cent will be wasted:
T. W. Kelley, Clio, Ala $ .50
W. H- Smith, P. M., Ashland, Ala 1.00
B. D. Kitchings, Plum Branch, S. C 1.00
Mrs. E. Speer, Chattanooga, Tenn 2.00
Anthony Keller, R. F. D. 5, Baldwyn, Miss. . .50
Arling Tootle, Glennville, Ga. (Junior Dept.) .10
C. T. Cheves, Zenith, Ga 1.00
I. Perry, Astor Park, Fla 50
A. J. Twitty, R. F. D. 4, Doerun, Ga 20
The following amounts were contributed
for Mrs. Shepherd-Walker, of Bichland, Ga.,
on whose behalf a personal appeal was made
by Mr. Watson:
Thos. J. Hardin, Avera, Ga. . . ~ $ .25
Jno. M. Attawa, Palmetto, Ga 25
Jnp. B, Bott, Brownsville, Pa. ... . 2.QQ
PAGE FIVE