PAGE TWELVE
GUBERNATORIAL CAMPAIGN
NOTES.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
for whiskey advertisements. If every
thirsty citizen of Georgia doesn’t get as
much bug juice as he wants from Jack
sonville and Chattanooga, it won’t be the
fault of the Hoke Smith organ.
gg * - j
The Conference of the Governors of
all the States of the Union, held in Wash
ington City, was a stately affair, but the
Commonwealth of Georgia was repre
sented by an empty chair. Oh, what a
sad disappointment it must have been
to Governor Smith that he couldn’t go to
that great National Conference! He had
fully intended to go, but owing to local
circumstances over which he had no con
trol he just couldn’t leave dear old Geor
gia at this time.
Suffering too acutely from a severe
case of kicked-the-wrong-man.
n
At Cedartown the Governor told his
audience that the Joe Brown leaders are
advising the negroes to go to the polls
on June 4th “to tell the white men how
to vote.”
The Governor must have thought but
poorly of the intelligence of that Cedar
town audience.
And what a low opinion the Atlanta
Journal has of its readers when it pub
lishes such preposterous absurdities!
1? *
That Nelv 'Rule of the Hoke Smith
Committee.
Statesboro, Ga., May 14th, 1908.
Editor Jeffersonian: —
I notice that you are opposed to the
plan of having the Governor nominated
by a majority of the popular vote.
You say that the county delegate plan
is preferable. As we live in a Govern
ment based on the principle that the ma
jority should rule, don’t you think the
county plan of delegates to nominate the
Governor and other officials is fraught
with more danger than that of allowing
the majority of the voters to decide? Sup
pose, for instance, that two men should
be candidates for Governor, and one
should have a slight majority of the dele
gates to the convention, while the other
candidate had a large majority of the
popular vote, and the delegates should ig
nore the question of say fifty thousand
popular majority, and nominate the man
who had received the majority of the del
egates, don’t you think this would mean
that the majority would revolt, as they
did in the Colquitt-Norwood campaign,
and bring on an independent fight, and
result in bringing back into politics the
ignorant negro vote? Is it not strictly
democratic that a majority should ruler
I am out of politics so far as seeking ar
office, and my only interest is that of the
ordinary citizen who desires good Gov
ernment, and in favor of the best means
of obtaining that end.
I am not hunting for a controversy, but
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
would be pleased to see your views in
full on this important question. If the
delegate plan is to prevail, why not
abolish the primary, and go back to the
old court-house plan of choosing dele
gates? That is, allow one hundred men
in the county to say who shall be Gov
ernor, instead of one thousand men.
Yours truly,
J. A. BRANNAN.
W
Answer.
It gives me pleasure t© reply to the
questions of my old friend, Hon. J. A.
Brannan.
(1) It is true that ours is a Govern
ment base'd on the principle that the ma
jority should rule, but our forefathers —
warned by the fate of the unbridled ma
jorities which had brought about despot
ism and ruin to the democracies of an
cient and medieval times,—devised a sys
tem of “checks and balances” for the very
purpose of protecting minorities from the
tyranny of majorities.
What protection would Delaware and
Georgia have against tlie overwhelming
numbers of New York, Ohio and Penn
svlvania. if the enual representation of the
States, as political units, did not protect
Delaware and Georgia in the U. S. Sen
ate?
Just as the small State is given a check
on the big State by equality of vote in
the highest legislative body, so in the
choice of a national Executive, the power
of the majority is curbed by the manner
in which the electoral college is consti
tuted.
In the composition of the college, as
my friend Brannan well knows, the elec
tors represent, in part, both the popular
vote and the State unit.
Thus we have a mixed system peculiar
to ourselves. We give full representation
to'majorities in the lower House of Con
gress ; but we do not recognize the ma
jority at all in the upper House of Con
gress; and we give only partial represen
tation to the majority in the election of
President.
A candidate may become national Exec
utive—as Lincoln did, —without having a
majority of the popular vote.
Now, when the state government was
formed, the same system of “checks and
balances” was applied to it.
The lower House of the Legislature
represents numbers; but the upper House
represents county units. Thus, the na
tional system is copied. The counties
were made practically equal in the upper
House of the Legislature, without regard
to population, just as the States had been
made equal in the National Senate.
In the election of Executive for the
State, our fathers recognized the county
unit principle, and based representation
in the nominating convention on the
county unit, more than upon population.
The Constitution of the State has
already given to the more populous coun
ties that amount of advantage which was
thought to be wise; and in the choice of
Governor we have heretofore followed
the letter and the spirit of the highest
law of our State.
WHEN DID THE PEOPLE AU
THORIZE ANYBODY TO CHANGE
THIS SYSTEM?
Did Hoke Smith open his mouth about
it in his campaign?
My friend Brannan may remember
that I supported Hoke Smith, but had I
known that he had a card like this up his
sleeve, I would not have done so.
(2) As to the Colquitt-Norwood cam
paign, my friend will recall that the Con
vention split up because it had adopted
the two-thirds rule. The State conven
tions no longer bind themselves to that
prolific source of trouble.
(3) We ought not to abolish the coun
ty primary. That system gives each citi
zen a convenient place to vote, near his
home. When you refuse to open the polls
in the militia districts, you make it incon
venient for the country folks to vote,
AND YOU PUT TOO MUCH POWER
IN THE COUNTY-SITE TOWN.
That was one of the main evils of the
old county convention plan.
(4) It is possible, of course, that a can
didate for Governor might be defeated,
although he should receive a majority of
50,000 votes, but I am inclined to believe
that a lop-sided majority of that sort
would be like those that Boykin Wright
used to put into the ballot boxes of the
City of Augusta against Yours truly.
(5) If the new rule of the Hoke Smith
Committee stands, I predict,
That ballot-box stuffing, such as that
which put me out of Congress, will be
resorted to, on a scale hitherto unknown
in the South; and that such a huge vote
will be manufactured in the four big cities
as will practically disfranchise the coun
try counties.
I have been a victim of fraudulent ma
jorities in a big city, and the burnt child
dreads the fire.
If the new rule stands, such men as
Boykin Wright will come to the front
in Savannah, Macon, Augusta and At
lanta, and we will have Tammany meth
ods in Georgia which will sink this dear
old State into the depths of political de
bauchery.
With the stuffed ballot boxes in Au
gusta, the country counties of the Tenth
District were deprived of representation
in Congress. Under the new rule, the
same thing will be done on a broader
scale, and the big cities will make the
vote as large as they want it, just as Au
gusta did against me.
There will be in every city, just as
there was in Augusta, a political boss
who will get quick returns of the vote
in country counties, and who will, at the
proper moment, cry out to the ward-heel
ers who are in charge of gangs of re
peaters, (as Boykin Wright did in Au
gusta,) “THAT’LL DO, BOYS! WE’VE
GOT AS MANY VOTES AS WE
NEED ”
LOOK OUT, OLD POPS! LOOK