Five Years for $5.00
As a Premium to Five-Year
Subscribers to the
Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine
who remit $5 with the subscription we will
MAIL FREE OF CHARGE, either one of the
following Watson hooks:
Napoleon.
LifQ and Tinies of Thomas Jefferson,
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson,
Handbook of Politics and Economies,
or,
A FULL SET OF THE BACK-NUMBERS OF
THE MAGAZINE.
Address:
THE JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
BLACK MINORCAS
BARRED AND WHITE
PLYMOUTH ROCK
EGGS
$2.00 per Setting of 15.
My Mlnorcas won this season at five lead
ing Southern shows Fifty Prizes—four times
as many First and Second as all competitors
combined. Stock for sale.
C. H. LEDFERD
81 Whitehall St Atlanta, Ga.
If you want REAL enjoyment send ten cents
for a copy as HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don't fail to include the Humor
ist!
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price $1.60 a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Miscegenation Antics.
The Cosmopolitan Society of New York
last week gave a banquet 'which was a black
and white affair. Twenty white women and
Sundry white men were sandwiched in with
a lot of “swell” negroes.” “Social equality”
and “miscegenation” speeches were cheered
to the echo. The New York papers gave
much space to the antics of the crowd and
some very sharp criticisms. On another page
of this issue it is treated editorially.
Cyclonic Disasters.
April, after fully justifying its reputation
for uncertain weather, went out in a series of
disastrous storms, which swept the states of
Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and
Georgia. Over 400 persons are reported dead,
more'than 1,200 injured, and property to the
value of several million dollars destroyed. The
Federal and state governments afforded
prompt relief to the destitute, and liberal con
tributions were made by the charitably <
poted.
The Jeffersonian Offers Ten Year
Four Per Cent Bonds For Sale
Until I had demonstrated, to my full satisfaction,
that the two Jeffersonians—the Weekly and the Monthly—
could be made a financial success in Georgia, I felt a
delicacy in asking anyone to invest money in them.
Having now sustained these two periodicals for
nearly a year and a half, and proved that they could
be made profitable, I have no hesitation now in offer
ing bonds, guaranteed by myself, to run ten years, and
to bear four per cent interest.
At present, the printing is being jobbed out, and
the mailing done by the printers. We have found this
arrangement to be unsatisfactory, both to me and to
subscribers.
My purpose is to secure sufficient capital to
either buy an interest in a publishing house in Atlanta,
or to equip one for the Jeffersonians. As their busi
ness grows, the greater is the necessity of having a
plant. It is for this purpose, namely, to secure suf
ficient capital to buy a plant and to enlarge the
business, that these bonds are offered for sale»
They will be issued in denominations of One Hundred
Dollars. Each bond will have the principal and interest
guaranteed, in writing, by me.
There should be thousands of men and women
throughout the Union, who are in sympathy with the work
which the Jeffersonians are doing, and who cordially
endorse its principles, and wish to see it a power for
good in the land. The investment in these bonds will
enable these sympathizers to co-operate in a substan
tial way, and yet, at the same time, make an invest
ment which is certainly safe and which may be very
profitable *
Friends desiring further particulars will please
write to me at Thomson, Georgia. THOS. E. WATSON.
IjL., / >.
SI.OO. We pay express to first in county.
R. F. D. Gate recommended by Assistant Post
master General for use on rural routes. In
use in 35 states, Canada, Porto Rico, etc. Took
first premium at Illinois State Fair and other
fairs.
Opened from buggy. You make it. Send SI.OO
for set of flanged hinge castings, full and
complete directions, and license. We pay ex
press.
Farmers, doctors and rural route agents—
keep out of the mud; stay in your buggy and
pull a rope to open your gate. You haven’t
time to climb in and out of your buggy or
wagon to open or close that old gate,—life
is too short.
W. THORPE GATE CO, WAPELLA, ILLS.
PAGE FIVE
R. F. D.
Automatic
Gate