The Life and Times of
Andrelo Jackson
Owing to an attack of illness, and
other unforeseen obstacles, it was not
possible to resume the publication of
The Life and Times of Andrew Jack
son with the January number of the
Jeffersonian magazine as we had in
tended to do. The story has been
again taken up, however, and will be
pushed to completion. The first in
stallment will appear with the March
number of the magazine.
It was the purpose of Mr. Watson,
in writing a series of biographies, to
group the salient facts of our history
around the historical personages
selected for the biographies. Thus,
in “The Life and Times of Thomas
Jefferson/’ the history of the country
is given down to 1832. Much ma
terial not accessible to historians of
an earlier period was used in that
book; besides, the effort was made to
do the South and West historical jus
tice. The -history of this republic has
rarely been written by any one who
was emancipated from the New Eng
land tradition that our institutions are
all founded upon the Plymouth Rock,
and that everything great and glo
rious which belongs to our annals is,
necessarily, a New England product.
While Mr. Watson has endeavored
to be scrupulously fair to New Eng
land, he has endeavored to make it
plain that our history cannot be
truthfully narrated, if the work of
the South and of the West is ig
nored. Therefore, in “The Life and
Times of Jefferson,” he has correct
ed the Eastern historians in hun
dreds of important particulars, and
has shown to what extent this nation
is indebted to the 'South and to the
West for its greatness and its glory.
Now, in the “Life and Times of An
drew Jackson,” as already published,
the story has concerned itself chiefly
with the acts and doings of Andrew
Jackson himself, but the new work,
beginning after the battle of New Or-
LET ME HELP YOU I
My Minion is to make sick women well, and I want to send you, your daughter, your V k '33
•later, your mother, or any ailing friend a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs abao* k
lutely free. It is a remedy that cures Woman’s ailments, and I want to tell you all 1
about It — just how to cure yourself right at home without the aid of a doctor—and the \
best of It is that it will not in the least interfere with your work or occupation. Balm of A.
Figs is just the remedy to make sick women well and weak women strong, and I can prove
it let me prove It to you I will gladly do it, for I have never heard of anything that
does so quickly and surely cure woman's ailments. No internal dosing necessary—it isa Jjk.-
local treatment, yet it has to its credit some of the most extraordinary cures on record. M
Therefore, I want to place it in the hands of every woman suffering with
any form of Leucorrhea, Painful Periods, Ulceration, Inflammation, jggffiMHESraf //nj oH
Displacement or Falling of the Womb, Ovarian or Uterine Tumors or ' f % 1T
Growths, or any of the weaknesses so common to women. f '■ 1 / ESMitfkSxSi&
This fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs tUBBi j|
will not cost you one cent jjSgggg/ /
I will send it to you absolutely free, to prove to you its spleudid quali- ® < aaggSM
ties, and then if you wish to continue further, it will cost you only u few /. W
cents a week. Ido not believe there is another remedy equal to ' s qSs V//,
Balm of Figs and I am willing to prove my faith by sending out Vl’/ IB
these fifty-cent boxes free. So, my reader, irrespective of your f&F&a
past experience, write to me at once —today— and I will send j,
you the treatment entirely free by return mail, and if you so ' I —/SwtgM
desire, undoubtedly I can refer you to some one near you who can <• k
personally testify to the great and lasting cures that have resulted Ijt.
from the use of Balm of Figs. But after all, the very best test I
of anything is a personal trial of it, and I know a fifty-cent box J ')E3
of Balm of Figs will convince you of its merit. Nothing is so
convincing as the actual test of the article itself. Will you give
' Balm of Figs this test? Write to me today, and remember I will
gladly send you a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs for the asking. Address
MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS, Bog 356 D Joliet, Illinois.
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO., 249 Washington St., Springfield, Ohio.
leans, will take up the national his
tory where it is left off in “The Life
and Times of Jefferson.” With the
March installment of the Andrew
Jackson biography, the canvas will
immediately broaden, becoming na
tional, and the effort will be
made to mirror in the story of Jack
son’s life the evolution of our great
republic. The dominant national char
acters will come into view, —Webster,
Clay, Calhoun, Forsyth, Benton, Cass,
Randolph, Crawford —will fight their
battles over again. We shall once
more hear the great debate between
Webster and Hayne, and between Web
ster and Calhound; we shall see the
South and the North deadlocked upon
the tariff; we shall see Jackson and
Benton grappling with the money
power and overthrowing it; we shall
see the broadening of the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court by Chief Justice
John Marshall until that tribunal has
arrogated to' itself a power which, in
the last appeal, controls every other
branch of the government; we
shall see the ominous begin
ning of the sectional lines;
we shall see the “Missouri compro
mise” divide the North and the South
into hostile, embittered groups; we
shall see the laying of the founda
tions of that empire of plutocracy
which, conquered by the Democrats of
the Jacksonian school prior to the civ
il war, has again been restored and is
now maintained by the party which
bears Jackson’s standard, as well as
by the party which frankly confesses
that it believes in the class law doc
trine of Alexander Hamilton.
In other words, in that portion of
“The Life and Times of Andrew
Jackson” which will begin with our
March number, the history of the
United States will pass in review, —
the story being carried down to the
period immediately preceding the
Civil War.
“51,® Jeffersonian
WATSON ON THE NEGRO.
All men are about equally close to
the facts of life, but the interpreta
tion thereof varies with the individual
reasoning power. “What do you think
about it?” asks the world of its in
tellectual leaders in reference to the
questions which press for a solution.
What Thomas E. Watson thinks about
anything is always certain to give a
new view point, or strengthen the
truth of an old one. And he has late
ly completed a cosmic tour that start
ed when the world was new; has inves
tigated humanity before the dawn of
written history; changed ears, so to
speak, 3.000 to 5,000 years B. C.. and
made a leisurely examination of the
wonders of Assyria, Bahvlonia, Egvpt.
Germania and Africa in that period,
and so on down to the present age.
when he tells the story of the answer
of the Sphinx to his questions:
“Where the negro oome from, and
did he ever have a civilization of his
own?” in the February Jeffersonian
Magazine. Nothing like this editorial
has ever before appeared, because no
body but Mr. Watson ever put the
same interpretation upon the facts. It
is nothing less than a revelation. Read
what he says. Even if you don’t
care to do anything more than glance
at the illustrations, they will be il
luminating.
The other editorials treat other
subjects in the same purely original
wav. One little pen picture of the
Sabbath day—just a page or two —
carries the message of the Savior,
who said to those overwhelmed with
the sordid, sacrilegious grind: “Come
ye apart and rest awhile.”
A Survey of the World, by Tom
Dolan, deals with the philosophy of
history in the making. It is sprinkled
with good pictures.
The Educational Department is car
rying on the great work of bringing
the university into the home.
Like the fine, elusive fragrance of
lavender, the charm of Edith Tatum’s
story, “An Old-Fashioned Rose,” lin
gers for many a day with the reader.
A true and tender concept, a dainty
literary touch, have blended from sim
ple everyday things, something exceed
ingly rare.
Not less clean and wholesome, but
most laughable, is the “Leave Taking
of Captain Burke,” by Lea Watson
Walker. It is a rich bit of good fun.
The Book Reviews, by the way, are
worthy of careful perusal. By no
means a perfunctory feature, such as
is the case in many magazines, they
are, in their own way, quite as good
as the books they discuss. Don’t over
look them.
A most enjoyable department is
“Clippings from Exchanges,” where
the choice bits of current periodicals
are reproduced, thus giving the best of
other magazines for the benefit of
those who cannot possibly glance
through the hundreds of exchanges
which find their way to the editor’s
desk. This department is also illus
trated.
A new idea is being carried out in
the “Communications,” where all
sorts of short original articles may
be found. In fact, the February num
ber is the best yet turned out by the
publishers.
Eyes Cured
Without the Knife
Grateful Patrons Tell of Almost Mi
raculous Cures of Cataracts, Gran
ulated Lids, Wild Hairs, Ul
cers, Weak, Watery EYes
and All Eye Diseases
—Send Your Name
and Address with
Two-Cent Stamp
for Free Trial
Bottle.
The cures being made by this magic lo
tion every day are truly remarkable. I
have repeatedly restored to sight persons
nearly blind for years.
Ulcers, wild hairs, granulated lids dis
appear almost instantly with the use of
this magic remedy. Weak, watery eyes
are cleared in a single night and quickly
restored to perfect health. It has repeat
edly cured where all other remedies and
all doctors had failed. It is indeed a mag
ic remedy and I am glad to give this free
trial to any sufferer from sore eyes or any
eye trouble.
Many have thrown away their glasses af
ter using it a week. Preachers, teachers,
doctors, lawyers, engineers, students, dress
makers and all who use their eyes under
strain find with this Magic Lotion a safe,
sure and quick relief. If you have sore
eyes or any eye trouble, write me to
day. I am in earnest In making my
offer of a free trial bottle of this
lotion. I am glad to furnish proof
in many well-proven and authentic cases
where it has cured cataract after the doc
tors said that only a dangerous and ex
pensive operation would save the sight. If
you have eye trouble of any kind, you will
make a serious mistake if you do not send
for my great free offer of this Magic Eye
Lotion. Address with full description of
your trouble and a two-cent stamp, H. T.
Schlegel Co., 3087 Home Bank Bldg., Pe
oria. 111., and you will receive by return
mail, prepaid, a trial bottle of this magic
remedy that has restored many almost
blind to sight.
THE
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS. GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organised 1859
Nearly a Half Century Old
Total Assets ... Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization. Over Five Million Dollars
ELEGANT Thin Model WATCH
Hunting ca.se beautifully engraved, gold finished throughout, stem wind and
Btem set, fitted with 7 ruby jeweled American lever movement. Guaranteed
20 years; with long gold plated chain for Ladies or vest chain for Gents.
LADIES or
GENTS size
IF TOP SEE IT YOr WILL BUY IT. Let u« send it without expense io
youC.O.D. express charges paid by ns for examination at your nearest erpresa
office and 1 f you think it a bargain and equal in appearance to any 115.00 gold
filled watoh pay the express agent >3.75 and it is yours. Mention i f you want
Gents or Ladies size. H.C.FARBEK,C3B, 225 UearbornSt., CHICAGO
cured; quick relief; re-
I V moves all swelling in 8
UlWl Ji to 20 da ys; 30 to 60
days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to suf
ferers; nothing fairer. For circular, testi
monials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
A Mineral Spring at Your
Door.
You can drink three times every day from
a healing mineral spring that cures sick
people, that makes the weak strong, and
need not go outside your door to do it.
Vitae-Ore, advertised on the last page, is
a healing mineral spring, condensed and
concentrated.
OUR COUNTRY, A Farmer’s Magar
zine, Louisville, Ky.» offers one dozen
assorted Rose Bushes and one year’s
subscription to the Magazine for 75c.
LaFrance, Maman Cochet, Hermosa,
Louis Phillipe, Crimson Rambler, Me
teor, Mme. Joseph Schwartz, Perle De
Jardins, Marion Dingee, Souv. De
Wootton, Kaiserin Augusta Victoria,
Duchess De Brabant,
PAGE SEVEN