PAGE EIGHT
d?e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga.,January 11, 1907, as second class mall matter
ATLANTA, GA., APRIL 15, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
'Republicans and n
Sometime ago, the Jeffersonian bewailed
the fact that we now have but one political
party. The Republican Party is the Republi
can Party: the Democratic Party is the Repub
lican Annex. Or, you might call it the Re
publican Reserves. Or, you might prefer to
describe them as Assistant Republicans.
At any rate, that’s what the Democratic
Party now is—an auxiliary to the party which
is in power, to be depended on to fly to the
relief, whenever Special Privilege is in
jeopardy.
For example: Joe Cannon, the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, has become the
bulwark of the Trusts. To him they
look for salvation. From him they expect im
munity while they continue to plunder the peo
ple with monopoly prices.
Well, —there was a general outcry against
old Joe Cannon. In a referendum, he would
be crushed under an avalanche of popular
indignation. A sufficient number of Republi
cans rebelled against Cannon to break his
power; provided, the Democrats wanted it
broken.
But right there is the joker.
The Democrats did not want Cannonism
overthrown. At heart, the two old parties are
one. Therefore, in the very nick of time,
Bryan's late lieutenant, Pat McCarren, gave
the signal, and 23 Democrats went over to
Cannon and re-established his power.
(Incidentally, Pat McCarren is a paid lob
byist of the Standard Oil Co.)
Here is another instance:
The Republicans wanted to legislate in be
half of the Lumber Trust. To do so meant
the robbery of those who must buy lumber.
Some of the Republican members balked on
this outrageous legislation, and it was about
to be defeated. At the right moment, a suffi
cient number of Democrats crossed, over to the
Republican majority, and the Lumber Trust
got its legislative license to rob the people.
So it is, all along the line.
M H
Lumber Trust Congressmen.
Practically everybody is interested in keep
ing lumber at a reasonable price. Only a few,
comparatively, are interested in running the
price up.
If there is any article in the world that ought
to be on the free list, it is lumber. Cheap
plank, timbers and shingles encourage people
to build homes, and to keep in good repair
those already built.
If Canada can ship lumber to Georgia and
sell it to our folks, in competition with our
own mills, we ought to be allowed to enjoy
the benefit of that legitimate competition.
The Southern mills have such an advantage
over Canada, naturally, that they ought not
Tjljc. Jtffirsonlan
to ask that Canada be shut out by Tariff
duties.
When Congress compels foreign dealers to
pay $1 per thousand feet, before their lumber
can be offered for sale in our market, it simply
means that the greedy Lumber Trust will add
$1 per thousand to its price, and make all of
us pay it.
Thus everybody is taxed unjustly to feed the
ravenous maw of the Lumber Trust.
The Jeffersonian is going to give you the
names of those Democrats who voted against
the common people, and in favor of the grasp
ing Trust.
Remember these traitors, and whenever you
get the chance to soak one of them with your
ballot, DO IT:
Democrats For Lumber Tariff.
The Democrats who thus voted to leave the
lumber schedule where it is in the Payne bill
were as follows:
From Virginia —Messrs. Lamb. Lassiter,
Maynard, Glass, Flood and Saunders.
From North Carolina —Messrs. Pou, Page,
Small, Webb, Thomas and Godwin.
From Louisiana —Messrs. Ransdell, Brous
sard, Pujo, Watkins, Wickliffe and Estopinal.
From Alabama —Messrs. Taylor, Clayton,
Burnett and Dent.
From Georgia—Messrs. Griggs, Livingston,
Edwards and Brantley.
From Florida —Mr. Clark.
From South Carolina —Messrs. Ellerbe and
Lever.
From Tennessee —Mr. Gordon.
From Texas—Messrs. Gregg and Dies.
From Mississippi—Mr. Bowers.
Only one member from North Carolina —
Mr. Kitchin —voted for free lumber. Only
three of the Virginians voted that way —
Messrs. Hay, Carlin and Jones. Messrs. Fin
ley, Johnson and Aiken, of South Carolina,
also voted for free lumber.
Sully and His Proposed Warehouses.
The Augusta Herald says:
“When Mr. Sully first studied out the
scheme of warehousing cotton he desired a
contribution of one dollar from every cotton
grower, and Hon. Thomas E. Watson made
an eloquent appeal for these contributions to
be sent Mr. Sully. This plan has now been
dropped, and he announces that he has ample
financial backing, and asks for nothing from
the farmers except that they adopt his plan,
and store their cotton in his warehouses in
stead of storing it with independent factors.”
It grieves the old man to find such a good
paper as the Herald nodding in tiffs fashion.
How did the Herald learn that Sully “desired
a contribution of one dollar from every cotton
grower” ?
Suppose Brothers Bowdre Phinizy and W. J.
Henning were asked to come into court and
prove that statement, what evidence could
they offer?
We invite them to tell us.
Virtually, the Herald says that Watson was
acting upon the suggestion of Sully, when he
proposed that Charles Barrett call upon every
member of the Farmers’ Union for a dollar
to finance a bull movement in cotton.
We would like to see the Herald try to
prove anything of the sort.
The fact is, that the Watson suggestion,
made early in January, bore no relation to the
Sully warehouse plan. At that time, Mr. Wat
son had had no kind of communication with
Mr. Sully, and knew nothing of his ware
house proposition. The Watson suggestion
was voluntary on his part, and Sully did not
even know that it had been made until Charles
Barrett told him of it in Atlanta, last week.
As to the Sully warehouses, we will speak
of them hereafter, at some length, We have
no other interest in them than any other land
owner ip the cotton belt has, and. we do not
expect to be associated with Mr. Sully in any
way.
But, as we now understand his plan, we
think well of it. The underlying principle is
the same as that of the Sub-treasury system
of the Farmers’ Alliance, and the Certificates
proposed by Sully will PUT THE FARMER
WHERE HE CAN BORROW MONEY AS
CHEAPLY AS LOCAL BANKS AND
WAREHOUSE MEN CAN NOW GET IT.
For this reason, certain local interests will
oppose the Sully plan; but such antagonism
will be short-sighted and unavailing.
R
The Gay eties of a bishop.
Our colored brethren of the African Meth
odist Episcopal Church are out in a circular
appeal against their Bishop, Charles Spencer
Smith.
What these colored Christians say against
their beloved shepherd makes spicy reading.
According to them, Bishop Charles Spencer
Smith is a most uncanonical sky-pilot.
The colored sheep of this questionable shep
herd allege against him:
(1) That he has lied about the numerical
strength of the church.
(2) That his methods are political and
venturesome.
(3) That he transfers Presiding Elders, not
for cause, but for fun. (The idea of anybody
getting fun out of a Presiding Elder! ! !)
(4) That he has ruined lots of negro
preachers by not giving them appointments.
(5) That when drunk he is quarrelsome,
finds fault, and is intimidating.
(6) That he hasn’t preached but fourteen
times since last May. That he shuts himself
up in the house in Atlanta, drinking, and goes
out only at night.
(7) That he is aristocratic and exclusive.
He has no sympathy for the mass of his race,
and delights in saying, “I am Bishop! .Sit
down and shut your mouth”!
(8) That he is dishonest in all financial
matters.
(9) That he talks of reforming Georgia.
That he is a drunkard, a thief and a liar.
(10) That it is rumored that he is very
thick with other preachers’ wives.
(n) That he has taken pains to explain
that his washerwoman and house-help, in De
troit, are white women.
The circular winds up with a demand that
Bishop Charles Spencer Smith be deprived of
jurisdiction in the State of Georgia.
But it ought to occur to our colored brethren
that so gay a person as they represent Smith
to be, should not be Bishop at all.
*
Cheerful Netos Prom Italy.
Our readers will remember that we have,
more than once, borne testimony to Mr. Roose
velt’s ability as a self-advertiser. We have
been compelled to admit that Booker Wash
ington and the Nebraska Sounding-board are
hard to beat in that line, but nevertheless we
have invariably insisted that Booker and
Bryan were not in the same class with Teddy
when it came to a show-down in self-assertion
and lime-light avidity.
Bryan went to the Spanish war, just as the
Rough Rider did, but Bryan got nothing out
of it; whereas the strenuous Theodore, having
had the forethought to provide himself with a
publicity agent, scooped up for himself a great
measure of the glory. And, indeed, there was
plenty of it, such as it was; and Teddy’s part
of the crop was so large that he has been
doing business on it ever since. Bryan, poor
old fellow, got side-tracked and water-bound
at Tampa, and could find no way out of ob
livion save by rushing up to Washington and
begging Senator Steve Clay and some others
to vote with the Republicans far the Treaty