Cures Constipation
Without Medicine
For the Benefit of Our Readers, We Are Pleased to Pub
lish Prof. Midgley’s Wonderful*, Clean, Straight
Talk On How You Oan Cure Constipation
Without Pills or Medicines.
I can and do cure the worst cases of
chronic constipation—cure them to
stay cured, and restore the patient to
a state of health and happiness such
as they had never known before I
can cure constipation, no matter how
bad it is. I can show you how to cure
yourself right in your own home with
out the use of drugs. Constipation is
cured for all time when cured my way.
/B>: : Kmm|RP7
"WMh Jf"
V,
“You Simply Can’t Cure Constipation
With Pills, Powders or Potions. Force
is Folly. I Tell You How to Cure Your
self Permanently at Home by the
’Midgley Way’ without Medicines.”
Don’t delay a moment. It matters
not how many doctors have tinkered
on your case, or how many pill propo
sitions have discouraged you, my past
record of success is sufficient to quick
ly prove that I can do what I claim.
Fill out free coupon herewith and mail
today.
Most Diseases Cause by Constipa
tion. Sewerage of the Brain
“It goes to the brain naturally, and
to every part of the body, every organ
being fed on this polluted blood, or
sewerage. It goes to your face in the
form of pimple-poison and Breaks out
on the skin. It goes to your head and
gives you headache and dizziness, it
goes to your brain and makes you
drowsy, it weakens the stomach and
causes dyspepsia, and bad breath, it
goes to the liver and causes bilious
ness, it goes to the kidneys and even
tually gives rise to Bright’s Disease,
it goes to the heart and makes it
thump, it goes to the eyes and they
lose their lustre, it makes your nerves
flabby and weak and out-of-sorts, and
this is the advance agent of all kinds
of disease, which you couldn’t get at all
if there was pure, rich, red blood flow
ing in your veins and your whole body
was in prime condition.”
FREE COUPON
Fill in your name and address ~on
dotted lines below and mail to Prof.
T. H. Midgley, 2363 Midgley Block,
Kalamazoo, Mich., and by return
mail he will send you free his 60-
page illustrated book, showing the
simple way of curing constipation
permanently without medicine.
Write plainly.
Name
Street
City State
Wonderful New Invention
Post card photos taken and finished anywhere, by
anyone. Experience in photography not neces
sary. $5.00 to SIO.OO a day made easy; complete
outfit ready for business $25.00; cash $5.00 balance
C. O. D. Order at once.
WILLYERD & PAUSCH,
F l l S H
Drop us a card and we will put
you on to something with which you
can turn your neighbor green with
envy by catching dead loads of them
in streams where he has become dis
gusted trying to catch them the old
fashioned way. It’s something new
and cheap. It catches at all seasons
—something no other tackle will do.
It will tickle you to see it catch
house and musk rats. Illustrated
catalogue of prices and testimonials
for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the cele
brated Double Muzzle Wire Fish Baskets.
Our sale covers over 20 states. We pay
the freight on one dozen or more nets.
EUREKA FISH NET CO., MltMis.
Looking On the Sunny Side
of Life
THE WAY TO SHADOWTOWN.
fro in the twilight gray,
This is the ferry for Sharowtown.
it sails away at the end of the day,
Just as the darkness closes round.
Rest, little hand, on my shoulder—so;
A sleepy kiss is the only fare.
Drifting away from the world we go,
Baby and I in the rocking chair.
S e £,’. where the firelogs glow and spark,
Glitter the lights of Shadowland,
Ine raining drops on the window—
hark—
Are ripples lapping upon its strand.
There where a mirror is glancing dim.
A lake lies shimmering, cool and
still;
Blossoms are wavering o’er its brim—
Those over there on the windowsill.
Rock slow, more slow, in the dusky
light,
Silently lower the anchor down,
Dear little passenger; say “Good
night”—
We’ve reached the harbor of Shadow
town. —Eugene Field.
He Approved.
Three-year-old Tim had admired
the clouds for a long time, but never
thought to inquire into their origin
until a few evenings since. His
mother explaned at length how God
made the rain fall on the earth and
then took it back into the sky, to all
of which Tim listened attentively,
and then patronizingly observed:
“Pretty dood stunt for God, isn’t
it?” —Harper’s Magazine.
How They Love School.
Johnny—Hooray!
Tommy—Wot yer so happy about?
Johnny—l don’t hafter go to
school today!
Tommy—Chee, y’re lucky! W’y
dontcher?
Johnny-—I gotta go to th’ dent
ist’s an’ have three teeth pulled!
Cleveland Leader.
More Remarkable.
Dr. Pillem—You needn’t worry
about your wife. She has a remark
ably constitution.
Henpex—Say, doc, you ought to
see her by-laws, rules, and regula
tions.—Life.
Definitions.
Inquiring Son —Papa, what is rea
son?
Fond Parent —Reason, my boy, is
that which enables a man to deter
mine what is rgiht.
“And what is instinct?”
“Instinct is that which tells a wo
man she is right, whether she is or
not.”—London Spare Moments.
ONE LION SAVED.
This message was handed to the
local “cub” telegraph operator in
Yates Centre to be sent in: “Found
ation under freight house needs at
tention at once.” But he accident
ally changed the “t” to an “1” and
the office in St. Louis received this:
“Found a lion under the freight
house; needs attention at once.”
The answer came back to Yates Cen
ter: “Feed the lion and notify the
live stock department.”—Kansas City
Star.
WONDERFUL KNOWLEDGE.
His Friend (admiringly)—Where
did you get your wonderful knowl
edge on social and economic sub
jects?
The Admired (proudly)—From my
daughter’s graduation essay.—Judge.
Jeffersonian
KMFE FREE
F’tioto of Tiros. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Foreign Missions
MR. WATSON answers the preach
ers by a brilliant presentation of incon
trovertable facts in the JULY number
of the Jeffersonian Magazine.
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise poultry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3% hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure cold water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how' large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information (111 out and mail this coupon.
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
PAGE THIRTEEN