PAGE FOURTEEN
KNIFE FREE
F»Fioto of Ttios. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
*
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number
of subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WAT
SON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4,
1909, I will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second Prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold
ring for the girls.
Third Prize: Your choice of “Napoleon,” “Jefferson,”
“Bethany.” “Life and Speeches,” or “Waterloo.”
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all subscrip
tions sent in. For terms apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise poultry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson-
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3 hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure co.’d water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secuifed by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment. ,
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year. '
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full informalion flil out and mail this coupon.
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
Li_i .. —.g» ■Ji . f —'i. ■ i jkL i .J- ..... . ■i.’ 1 j.;, . i.'- ,
&be
Poplar Springs Industrial
School 1
(Concluded from Page 3)
gia. If you cannot give us money
give us your good wishes. Tell some
one else of our needs and let us find
somewhere SI,OOO or $1,500 with
which to build a “Rustic Retreat” in
our little corner.
Our people no longer fear that we
shall have too much room, but all see
that the buildings will very soon
have to be enlarged.
The work is becoming more and
more respected and the County
Board of Laurens County has de
cided to coiftolidate one school with
ours and transport the children to us.
THE CHUMP
By Chas. Fleming Ambree
111.
The new administration went for
ward with power unshakable, with
an uprooting profound. The city
was cleaned as it had never been
cleaned before. As for the Levee,
the ministers of the town created an
agitation on their own account, de
claring the spot a danger to morality,
a violator of decency. No less than
ten neighbors of that noisome region
openly avowed, with joint threats of
an action in court, that the Levee
was an intolerable public nuisance.
More than this, the greasy frame ed
ifices were within the fire limit, where
the law declared no wooden house
should be. They menaced, then, the
very existence of respectable edifices.
Hodge availed himself of these facts
and the Levee was doomed. There
came a chill fall day when a ripping
and hammering resounded on Green
street. Many good people, including
Judge Hayden and Isabel, walked
by and gazed with commendation on
the wreck and saw the naked insides
of the seats of evil. Every board and
brick was swept away, the ground
was leveled, and the site of that
whilom builded wickedness was as
desert and flat as a dead Gomorrah.
There would be erected thereon
honest edifices, monuments to The
Chump and decency.
This and other acts made a celeb
rity of Hodge, which spread over
that section of the state known as the
Pocket. Keating wa£ with this
spreading force and made it stronger.
That Hodge was a chump was yet
an indisputable fact in the minds of
many. But there he was, not to be
ignored, a sun rolling up through the
murk of the horizon.
That change which in many parts
of the United States began to take
political power and political fights
away from what is called the upper
class, was working in a thousand
towns. One other change, more ap
parent, affected Princeton as it af
fected a thousand others, the change
which brought very young men to
the front. On the crest of one of the
first waves of this sort, Hodge rode,
swept„up like a log on a new strand.
After a struggle in the convention
of the first district between two
bitter opponents, behold Martin, un
ruffled, suddenly comes forth the
(Continued from Last Week)
We refer any who care to know
more of the efficiency of our work to
Honorable Jere M. Pound, our own
State School Commissioner; Profes
sor E. C. Branson, Athens, Ga.; Rev.
J. T. Smith, of Dublin, who is our
County School Commissioner. Our
best recommendation could be given
by the members of our local board or
members of our Rural School Im
provement Club.
One member of our local board
said, “We have the best school on
earth.” Another said, “There is
none such.” The occasion was a
public educational meeting held re
cently in the school. .
Address all communications to
Miss Emma Perry, Principal, Dublin,
Ga., R. F. D. No. 1.
nominee for congress, and the two
who have opposed each other rub
their eyes and gaze on him.
This was the end of Judge Hay
den’s six-year term, but the Judge
had held his office for many more
years than that. It would have
seemed to many of the inhabitants
of Gibson County that the stars had
ceased to exist if Hayden had ceased
to be a judge. He was one of those
rare men who are just what judges
should be, a fixed, determinate point
in the affairs of men. Your good
judge in a community like this is a
ipooring. Hayden was nominated
again.
After that Isabel gave a party.
The autumn was warm and she
wrote out the invitations with her
own white fingers as she sat on the
porch. She sighed, gazing at the list
through her glasses. Her set was vi
vacious and growing alarmingly; nev
ertheless, they were all crowded in.
But there was one other. She sat
and dreamed and forgot the list, with
a far-away look on her face. Alas —
why was that impossible?
Martin P. Hodge did not go to that
party;,. it is to be doubted that The
Chump was more than a thought in
one brain among all those in Judge
Hayden's house. The Judge mingled
with the bright crowds. His smoothly
shaven face was serene and smiling.
Isabel, dressed in white, with a long,
satin ribbon round her waist and
floating behind, looked a little like
him.
When the guests were all gone she
turned, singing an idle tune, to the
Judge, who stood in the parlor.
“And so,” she cried, smiling,
“I’ve begun the campaign.”
He looked a little serious and took
hold of her hands.
“Isabel,” said he, “there are new
Vocks in the old stream.”
• She thought awhile, tie smile
gone. Then she raised her fa?e.
“Do you think you shall lose?” she
asked.
“I’ve never fought a fight so hard
as this will be,” was his reply. “The
country changes so fast, sweetheart,
that an old-timer like me can’t keep
up with it forever.”
She had lost a little of her color.
She knew too well what the matter
was. She looked sad and presently
said, very low, with her eyes down: