PAGE FOURTEEN
WANT ADS
ONLY ONE CENT A WORD
THEY BRING RESULTS FOR OTHERS
WHY NOT YOU? TRY ONE AND SEE
SAW, LATH MIT I C
AND SHINGLE Hilt I/O
Engines, Boilers, Shafting,
Pulleys, Belts, Pipe, Injectors.
LOMBARD, Augusta, Ga.
13 EGGS $1.30
I will sell Barred Plymouth Rock (Thompaon
strain) or White Wyandotte (Duston strain) at
the above price. My Wyandottes are pure white
and heavy layers. My Rocks are almost perfect
in color, full size and lay all the time.
Wakefield Poultry Yards, W. A. Liles, Prop.
SELL FRUIT TREES.
Wanted—loo salesmen. You make money by
our plan. Best terms. Write at once.
UPSON NURSERIES.
Yatesville, Ga.
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
AGENTS WANTED
To sell Monuments and Tombstones. Agent’s
outfit furnished free of charge. References re
quired. North Georgia Marble, Works, Wood
stock, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New M®*-
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity ♦or
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample eepy.
FARM AND RANOH, Delias, Tex.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
TEACHERS WANTED.
Fifty teachers wanted for schools to begin
this summer and fall. Write us for good po
sitions. Schools and School Boards furnished
with good teachers free.
Empire Teachers’ Agency, Avera, Ga.
Peanuts are now becoming one of the most
popular and profitable crops. They need ‘to
be planted as soon as the ground is warm, cul
tivated well, and harvested in August or early
in September, so as to cure before the fall
rains.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
THE NECESSITY OF A NATIONAL
PARTY.
(Continued from Page Two.)
party insisted on being sectional in its tra
ditions. And the Democratic party followed
that policy to its final undoing.
In the light of history—not only our his
tory, but the history of every nation—no
party can go forward for an elemental pur
pose and win for that purpose unless it is a
party eager and anxious for the supremacy
of the nation as a nation.
For decades we have had two great national
parties and, quite often, some sort of third
party. The Democratic party has gained power
twice since the Civil war, but lost because of
its lack of nationality. The Republican party
has held sway in recent years, not by its local
or sectional policies, but because of the strong
world policy of its administrations.
Meantime third parties have died a-borning
because they lacked this fundamental feature
of party life. They came into being on issues
not involving the majesty of the greatest
nation of the world.
The new party today, on the contrary, is
the National party! Despite the local objec
tions, for example, to the necessity of national
support of the reincarnation of the once cele
brated and triumphant American merchant
marine, the Independence party stands boldly
for it because it is a national party!
• Except for personality, the Republican
party would have surrendered that proud
claim. The Democracy gave it up long ago.
The Independence party, in the wide sweep of
its policies, proudly took the national attitude,
and, for all the people, presses forward for
the progress of America and the world!—New
York American.
THE PENSION PAYMENTS.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
ing money once a year would compel them
to obtain on credit what they needed, on the
strength of their next pension payment, and
for this accommodation they would have to
pay, as all other credit buyers, in the higher
credit prices charged. When the annual pen
sion payment fell due, all or the greater part
of it would have to go for debt, and so the
pensioner would be left no other chance ex
cept to buy on credit again. His money
would do him the least good.
Under the quarterly payment system it
will be much better. They will have money
lour times a year instead of only once, and
what the state pays them in grateful recog
nition of their heroic services, will do them
more good.
It is enough to rouse the indignation of
good people to see how self-seeking politi
cians are trying to make this pension system
serve their purpose of arousing antagonism
to the administration. But their hopes in
this respect will be disappointed. It is al
most certain that the pensioners, after a
year’s trial, will in no uncertain tones object
to any proposition to abandon quarterly pay
meats. But should they after a trial of the
new system, anounce that they prefer the
old, there v, .Id not be a jingle vote in the
legislature against a return to single annual
payments.
The time,will never come when all the peo
ple of the state will not honor these old he
roes, and in these matters their will is law.—
Augusta Herald.
A SINGLE SANE SUGGESTION.
(Continued from Page Ten.)
crease of deposits of government money with
the banks likely to decrease the speculative
tendency ?
If the issue of bank notes on the deposits
of government bonds results in so increasing
speculative conditions as .to result in a practi
cally continuous condition of financial and
business unrest, can anyone imagine that if
given the power to issue money on bank as
sets, every dollar of which is already pledged
for five times its value, will inspire confidence
that the increase in resources will not be used
as all preceding resources have been used for
speculative purposes ?
Such suggestions, if carried into effect, will
only intensify the evils, will only add fuel to
the speculative flame and further weaken pub
lic confidence, until they result in overwhelm
ing disaster.
The one hopeful suggestion, in the multi
tude of hopeless suggestions, that is not based
on the idea that the way to remove an evil
is to encourage it and intensify its results
until they become unbearable, when it will
be removed because unbearable, was made by
the editor of The Jeffersonian Magazine when
in Washington recently. Mr. Watson, during
a call upon President Roosevelt, called his at
tention to an old, unrepealed law that author
izes the issue of greenbacks to supply deficien
cy in the volume of circulating money, and
advised the issue of fifty million dollars in
greenbacks as a method of restoring confi
dence and allaying the monetary excitement.
The encouraging indication, the result of
this suggestion, was that Secretary Cortelyou,
who was present when it was made to the pres
ident, invited a further interview on the sub
ject at the treasury department. During this
interview the suggestion of an issue of fifty
million dollars in greenbacks was repeated
and its feasibility and efficiency urged in clear
and forcible language, and attentively listened
to by the secretary.
This suggestion to issue greenbacks suffi
cient to relieve the monetary stringency caused
by the impaired confidence of the people in
the existing monetary conditions, is the first
really sane recommendation of a possibly effi
cient remedy for the present disturbed condi
tion of our frenzied finances. What is the
trouble? Lack of confidence on the part of
the people, at a time when there is in use a
larger quantity of reliable money than ever
before in history—reliable money because it
is national in character, so far as its redeem
ability is concerned. Why then lack of con
fidence? Because the power of control over
money issues has been farmed out by the gov
ernment to banking institutions that have ex
ercised the power to develop speculative inter
ests rather than legitimate business inter
ests, have abused the power. The issue of