pictures the immortal gods listening
to the aerial music of the spheres.
Is there such a thing as rhythm
in human life ? Can it be said to
resemble music? In a word, can a
man’s character ring true, not false;
rich, not thin; perfect, not cracked?
Every great life is made up of two
characteristics—the power to work
and the ability to rest. The life that
is all work soon wears out and comes
to nothing. The' life that is all rest
is weak, flabby and nerveless, ac
complishing nothing and really worth
nothing. The important problem is
v to combine the two —to work*
with every fibre of our being, to put
our hearts into whatever task we
have in hand, and then so to rest
that our temporary cessation will not
unfit us for life’s battle, but will send
us into the conflict with renewed
hope and a more dauntless courage.
LISTEN TO YOUR WIFE.
Advice to Men by Governor Glenn,
of North Carolina.
I advise every man who would be
successful to listen to his wife’s
counsel in business affairs. The wo
man who is really a man’s helpmeet
is the one who is able to advise him
on every serious problem that con
fronts him. But no woman can be
a real companion who must spend
all her time as cook and housekeeper.
She ought to know about business
and what is going on in the world.
It is unreasonable of any man to ex
pect his wife to meet his needs as a
real companion if he does not pro
vide the means for her to become so,
says Governor Robert B. Glenn, in
the Home Magazine.
A wife should have some leisure
to study and develop herself along
intellectual lines. A man who holds
the opposite idea lowers the standard
for wifehood and womanhood. And
every girl and woman in the country
should have a strict and thorough
business education. No matter how
fortunate a girl’s immediate circum
stances, she should be given a com
plete business training. Let them be
trained to be first-class stenograph
ers, bank cashiers, professional
n.jises, bookkeepers —anything iiie.,
have talent for. But let their equip
...cut be complete —as a man’s is. It
is a dreadful mistake to leave a girl
witho’d y definite training where
iy earn a livelihood in case
or
the reason many women
go into wrong pats in life is sim
ply because they are helpless when
thrown suddenly on their own re
sources. A knowledge of business
is not likely to spoil any woman’s
chances of winning a good husband.
It would, on the contrary, increase
her chances, in my opinion.
A THOUGHT FOR THE WEEK.
Today is your day and mine, the
only day we have, the day in which
we play our par. What our part
may signify in the great whole we
may not understand; but we are
here to play it, and now is our time.
:<? n -nnrt of action,
This we know: it is a part of action,
not cynicism. It is for us to express
love in terms of human helpfulness.
This we know, for we have learned
from sad experience that any other
source of life leads to decay and
waste. —David Starr Jordan.
A Spokane school girl was required
to write an essay of 250 words about
an automobile. She submitted the
following: “My uncle bought an au
tomobile. He was riding it out in
the country when it busted going
up a hill. I guess this is about 50
The other 200 are what my
uncle said while he was walking back
to town, but they are not fit for pub
lication.”—Ex.
A country newspaper threatened to
publish the name of a young man
who was seen with his sweetheart’s
head on his shoulder if he didn’t
come across with a dollar in sub
scription. Thirty-seven young men
slipped in and paid for the paper,
and letters were received from three
others saying that they would sub
scribe just as soon as they “sold a
little cotton.”
The Mongolian is not the only man
with a yellow streak in him.
The wise man realizes his own weak
ness and thereby adds to his strength.
The world blackens the characters
of some men and whitewashes others.
WAKEFIELD Poultry Yards has a few
more Barred Plymouth Rock and
White Wyandotte cockerels for sale at
|l.st. Send in your order now so you
can get eggs early in the season. My
barred Rocks are almost perfect in
color. All orders filled from now until
February 1 at |1 for 11; after then
|1.50. Order now, will ship when you
want them. W. A. LILES, Prop., Wakfe
field. N. C. Bmo
Brother Jeffersonian, Get up a Club and send it in at once.
I THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
1 ATLANTA GEORGIA
Editors Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send send your paper to the following names and addresses as indicated:
NAMES POST OFFICE STATE R. F. D. TIME AMOUNT
■ Jk
2
■ ~~:~t " ' " ••
Total Amount of Subscriptions—-Dollars
Name of Agent
I Post Office
Route. State’.
■
Kindly Address Your Letters to the Paper, not to Individuals. This will Insure You Prompt Service.
Write Name and Address Plainly.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
NEW WAY MEDICINE TO STOCK
Blackman’s Medicated Salt Brick
' 18 composed of the purest dairy
SALT ®alt» Sulphur, Salt Petre, Copper*
t as » and Nux Vomica, as prescribed
a graduate of the American Vet
erinary College of New York dty:
"" for the ordinary diseases of the
animals for which it is intended.
what IT
SAVES VETERINARY BILLS Aid. DK«»tlo», pwUm tk«
I - II Blood, Removes Ticks and Worms,
Cures Skin Disease, Kidney, Stomach and Bowel Trouble, Prevents Oolte,
Blind Staggers, Heaves, Texas Fever, Lampert, Murrain and Cholera.
Creates a healthy appetite, tones up the system, removes old osat of hair
and brings out the new.
WHAT OTHERS SAY
Your Medicated Salt Brick is far superior to all other medicine of its kind for
stock. I have not sold one package of stock powders since receiving the first
case of your Medicated Salt Brick. lam out of your goods now, but am going to
try to sell the powders on hand before ordering any Brick. So long as I have
Medicated Salt Brick, no sale for the powders. One of the first men I sold Medi
cated Salt Brick to afterwards bought four more, and said it was the best thing
for stock he had ever used. This was also my experience in giving it to my
horse and cow. . M. D. DeLORME.
Greelyville, S. C., Aug. 3, 1906.
We have been using your Medicated Salt Brick and find we have good
healthy oxen, when this time last year under the same conditions, we had lost
17 head. FUNNAGUSHA LUMBER CO.
Howard, Miss., Aug. 1, 1906.
My customers speak of your Medicated Salt Brick in the highest terms for
giving horses and cattle a good appetite, toning up the system, and bringing out
a nice coat of glossy hair. I expect to keep the Brick on hand.
Lincoln, Tenn., Aug. 7, 1907. J. T. HOLLAND.
I have been selling your Medicated Salt Brick about four years, and have
guaranteed every one of them to give perfect satisfaction or refund the money,
and I am glad to say that I have never had to give a man his money back yet.
I sell other stock remedies, but do not feel like recommending them so highly.
Villa Rica, Ga., Aug. 6, 1906. S. T. HAYNES.
BLACKMAN STOCK REMEDY CO., Chattanooga, Tenn.
If Your Dealer Wont Supply You, Write Uj.
PAGE FIFTEEN