PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen r«„ D .i m
A case of unusual importance will be heard
before the Supreme Court of the United
States in about a week, at which
Contempt
of Court.
Nick Nolan, Henry Padgett and Frank Ward,
will be arraigned for sentence for contempt of
court. This case grows out of a criminal as
sault by a negro, Ed Johnson, upon a young
white girl of Chattanooga. He was convicted
by the State courts of Tennessee, and sen
tenced to be hanged. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court. When it was learned by
the citizens that the Supreme Court would
grant a hearing and thus prolong the life of
the negro brute, the jail was stormed and the
usual lynching followed, on account of which
the sheriff and his deputies, above named,
were held guilty of contempt of court in not
protecting the prisoner.
This seems to be a case where the Supreme
Court, if it pass sentence upon these men, will
be in contempt of proper feeling and reck
lessly unmindful of the consequences.
There was no doubt of the guilt of the
brute. He had been fairly tried. It is en
tirely needless for any one to explain the
shame and horror involved in submitting such
cases to trial, or the agony to the victim and
her family in being forced to testify before
the morbid curiosity of a court-room.
When this martyrdom has been endured;
when the Law has been allowed to take a
course that, in such instances, operates as a
frightful cruelty; when the bestial black has
been afforded every legal defense; when his
guilt is proven, it is asking much of public
patience that re-trials and delays should stay
the execution 'of a penalty altogether inade
quate for the crime committed.
A sheriff, in such situation, is confronted
with the alternative of yielding his prisoner
to an overwhelming force of indignant men,
or firing upon a crowd which may contain his
very friends and relatives, who, in the end,
would have their way, even if it took the life
of the sheriff and his deputies, or other pris
oners, and of non-participants.
It isn’t a crisis that many of us would like
to face. The Law should be upheld and a
prisoner protected from other than legal ven
geance, of course; but we must all recognize
when the doing thereof strains human endur
ance to the breaking point. The inevitable
question that comes to a sheriff in such an or
deal is whether the life of a negro brute is
worth, first, the ruin and perhaps death of an
innocent white woman, and next the probable
killing of a number of his white fellow-towns
men.
These are some of the worst phases of the
South’s great problem. And we trust the Su
preme Court will be able to maintain its dig
nity in the premises with leniency toward the
men forced into a most unfortunate position.
It was not idle “contempt of court” but grim
necessity that put upon them the hard choice
between shortening the life of a brute already
condemned to the gallows, or bringing about a
condition amounting to civil war.
The Court, dealing mostly with frigid ab
stractions, would do well to get the human
viewpoint held by those of us who live in the
shadow of rape horrors and will not be de
nied their avenging.
Another “contempt” case is that of Gom
pers, Mitchel] and Morrison in the now fa-
The Labor
Leaders Again.
called that Mr. Gompers disregarded the in
junction of the Court not to print the name
of the complaining company in the list of
time ex-Sheriff Jos. F. Shipp,
with five co-defendants, Jere
miah Gibson, William Mays,
mous injunction bill brought
by the Buck Stove and
Range Company, of St.
Louis, in which it will be re-
Cfye Jeffersonian
firms not to be patronized. The three gentle
men have put themselves under the jurisdic
tion of the District Court of Appeals, at
Washington, which affirmed the jail sentences
formerly imposed.
This gives Mr. Gompers another chance for
a slop-over about “liberty” which he doesn’t
seem to think was at all jeopardized by his
use of the boycott. But it will be unfortunate
all around if he and his associates are actually
forced to serve jail sentences, something en
tirely uncalled for and which would only give
color of martyrdom to th*at which was, in its
very essence, an unnecessary and a flagrant
disregard of a restraining order before that
order could come to trial.
The mayoralty race is over in New York,
with victory perching upon the banners of
How’ Went
the Contests.
the outset by those who were well versed in
the politics of that municipality. We antici
pate that Judge Gaynor will find Jordan a
hard road to travel.
sfs # * *
Philadelphia—dear old town —turned right
around after all her protestations of wanting
reform, and re-elected the same old mob of
grafters.
rjC 5jC
In Cleveland, Tom L. Johnson met defeat.
In San Francisco, Francis J. Heney, was also
defeated.
Nearly six thousand union men at Bridge
port, and Martin’s Ferry, Ohio, have been
thrown out of work by the
T he Steel
Trust at Its
Kindly Tricks.
chinery to points near Pitts
burg. This is considered to be the fulfillment
of a threat on the part of the Steel Trust to
“wipe out the last trace of Unionism in its
mills”. The two plants mentioned have been
strongholds of Unionism and are therefore to
be indefinitely abandoned.
Six thousand of “my fellow citizens” to
starve, for all their distinguished representa
tives in the White House cares. In all proba
bility, the majority of these men voted for
Taft, whose response to the question as to
what a man was to do if he were hungry, and
could not get work was: “God knows!”
These six thousand men won’t vote for Taft
again. They will be recruits to that growing
army of sufferers from bitter injustice which
will abandon the ballot for the bullet.
California grew and marketed its first bale
of cotton the past season. This was an ex
periment, and since it has
A New Cotton proved successful it is said
State, Perhaps, that thousands of acres will
in future be devoted to this
staple. Southern planters will watch the de
velopment of a cotton-growing industry in
California with much interest.
The suffrage amendment to the Constitu
tion of Maryland has been defeated, after a
long and hot contest. Among
Maryland
Unable to
Throw Off
the Yoke.
supremacy of the black man to the white
woman, and whose following obediently trails
in his footsteps. Maryland is sincerely to be
sympathized with in her failure to be rid of
the venal “balance of power” which has been
Judge Gaynor, though it
seems the dough-bag is to be
controlled by the fusion ele
ment, as was predicted from
closing of the shops of the
Steel Trust at those points,
and the removal of the ma-
those who fought valiantly for
the continuance of negro domi
nation in Maryland politics was
our estimable friend, Cardinal
Gibbons, a firm believer in the
and must continue to be a curse to the best in
terests of the State.
Following the accusation that the Govern
ment is allowing the meat-packers to violate
the provisions of the Pure
The Beef
Trust
Bulldozes.
prior to the exposures which
startled the world a few years ago, is the an
nouncement that the meat-packers’ combine
has issued an edict raising the price of -all—-*
meats. This means a harder winter than
ever, with meat practically beyond the reach
of the poor, and to supply it in any form a
drain upon the income of the average family.
This conspiracy is open and notorious, yet no
word against it comes from Washington. No
steps are being taken to protect the consumer
from this heavily increased tax.
Never before were trusts and combines and
corporations in the saddle so much as now.
The machinery of the law is not put in mo
tion. Time lags, and, as in the case of the
Sugar Trust, the Government to its intense
amazement (?) finds that the statute of lim
itations prevents justice being done if com
plaint is not made for three years after the
conspiracy is no matter whether or not
the conspiracy may continue in full blast
right along to the moment the prosecution
gets its lazy start.
The Lakes-to-the-Gulf Deep Waterways
Convention, at New Orleans November Ist,
decided to send five hundred
We Need
Waking Up.
are this much in earnest about it, they’ll get
results. Pity it is that about ninety millions
of people, all vitally interested in legislation
that will give them a square deal, can’t man
age to work up a little of the same sort of
enthusiasm, instead of sitting down quietly
while the tariff was revised “downward” so
as to impoverish them for the benefit of a
few favorite interests, and who will continue
to drowse and doze while a central-bank
revised-currency-Aldrich-financial -scheme is
foisted upon them.
The following inspired editorial appeared
in the Atlanta Journal of November sth:
“Courtesy to
Our Guests.”
which would mark his conduct if these visitors
were his personal guests in his own home.
“There is no people in the world who have
more generous impulses, more of inborn courtesy
and consideration than the people of Atlanta, but
individual virtues are sometimes lost in the ag
gregate.
“The next ten days belong peculiarly to the au
tomobilists. They are coming here from all over
Georgia and from all over the country. Chief
Jennings, with a fine appreciatio'n of the ameni
ties of the occasion, has already instructed his
men to exercise special courtesy and discretion in
the enforcement of the road laws, with which our
visitors naturally are not familiar. Except in fla
grant cases they will be kindly informed Then
they violate the rules and will not be subjected
to vexatious annoyances.
“But there is still another matter which the
pedestrian especially should bear in mind. The
automobiles should be given the right-of-way as
far as possible. The sidewalks are for pedes
trians, and the midle of the road for automobiles.
While automobilists should observe the speed
laws, their rights should be respected at the same
time by pedestrians. Unfortunately there seems
to be a disposition occasionally on the part of the
pedestrian to stand too aggressively on his rights
or even to assume rights which he has not. Au
tomobilists, whose dispositions are of the best,
frequently have to complain of what seems to be
a willful determination on the part of careless
foot-passengers to obstruct automobiles. It is
hoped that they will lay aside any such tendency
Food bill, and to resume the
same filthy conditions that
prevailed in the packinghouses
lobbyists to Washington to
demand that Congress deepen
the Mississippi River. If they
“Every citizen of Atlanta
should adopt the same attitude
toward the visitors who are to
be here during automobile week