PAGE TWELVE
REV. C. A. NORTON’S CHARGES.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Apparently Roberts attached as little impor
tance to it as Watson did. What we said in
the former editorial is strictly true. No valu
able papers, causing the loss of an estate, were
ever lost by Mr. Watson, and no such claim
was ever made. With papers which were ob
viously of no importance, it may have been
different.
No one will question this statement; —if
anybody was hurt by the alleged loss of this
very indefinite “paper or copy,” referred to by
Norton, THE CHARGES CONCERNING IT
WOULD NOT HAVE SLUMBERED UN
TIL MR. WATSON ASSAILED THE
PRESENT METHODS OF FOREIGN
MISSIONARIES.
Rev. C. A. Norton's attitude in the matter
is plain enough. Angry because of Mt*. Wat
son's stand in favor of the poor and illiterate
children of our own land, he said enough about
this Allison case to make the impression on
Mr. Pilcher and perhaps others that Watson
and McDaniel had conspired to rob the heirs
of an estate, had willfully lost valuable papers
which were necessary to prove title in these
heirs, and HAD BUILT FINE HOUSES
WITH THE STOLEN MONEY.
Disavowing a portion of the language
quoted by Mr. Pilcher, the Rev. Norton yet
says that the last account they had of the
estate it was in the hands of Watson and Mc-
Daniel.
Think of a minister of the gospel circu
lating an infamous slander like that!
Did he ever make an intelligent effort to
trace the assets of the Allison estate? Did he
read the decision of the Supreme Court? Did
he search the records of the Colirt of Ordi
nary of Greene County? Did he ever go, like
a man, to Gov. McDaniel, at Monroe, Ga..
and request a full statement? Did he ever go
to the administrator, James L. Brown?
IF NOT, WHY NOT?
\\ hat excuse can he give to his conscience,
or to his neighbors, for saying the last that
was heard of that estate it was, in part, in the
hands of Mr. Watson?
I his is one of those cases where a man of
malicious and suspicious temper jumps at a
wrong conclusion, and recklessly makes the
most damaging charges against prominent
men, — never suspecting that he may be
called to account, exposed and punished. A
preacher of the Gospel, a man called of the
Lord to lead us upward to a better life, going
around among the people to whom he is
spiritual guide, and seeking to blast the repu
tation of two fellow Christians bv making
criminal accusations, • which have no other
foundation than his own mean and malicious
fancy!
(1) He puts himself on record as saying
that Henry D. McDaniel was Executor of the
Estate, when the indisputable fact is that
McDaniel never was the Executor.
(2) He positively stated that the estate
consisted “principally in money,” when the
record shows that the chief assets were negro
slaves; and the date shows (1865) that what
ever money the estate had WAS CONFED
ERATE MONEY, —hardly worth picking up
in the road!
(3) He positively stated that “the heirs”
had never gotten any part of that estate, when
the records prove that the Executor, Strain,
had paid all of the legatees named in the will
a part of what was coming to them, and that
they sought to get the balance due them by
trying to defeat the $20,000 bequest to “the
poor children of Greene County.”
(4) Tie insinuates that “the heirs” lost an
estate —a big one at that. —because Mr. Wat
son' lost some copy of some paper, when the
record shows that “the heirs” lost out unHer
Xsfce
a decision of the Supreme Court; and when
the very nature of the case discloses the fact
that it was not possible for Mr. Watson to
have been in possession of any paper, or copy,
that would have done “the’ heirs” the least
good.
This plain, simple setting forth of the facts,
as they appear of record, are enough to cover
the Rev. C. A. Norton with confusion and
shame.
There is just one way in which he can
escape the disgrace that should visit the slan
derer : —he should frankly and publicly con
fess his mistake and express his regret.
Will he be man enough to do it?
P. S.—-On my way to Atlanta today (April
6th), 1 fell in with my old friend, Judge Co
lumbus Heard, a life-long citizen of Greene
County, who is perhaps as familiar with the
local history of that county as any man living.
Referring to the Allison estate, he told me that
Gwyn Allison was an old bachelor, and that
the legatees who brought the suit to break the
will and to defeat the bequest to the poor
children of Greene County, must have been
nephews or cousins of the testator. Judge
Heard furthermore stated that Gwyn Allison’s
estate owned very little land. “T don’t be
lieve." said he. “that the land brought as much
as $t,000." The judge went on to explain
that Gwyn Allison owned negroes, who were
freed, and that he had loaned out a. consider
able amount of money on notes which could
not be collected. This was no doubt on ac
count of the general smash of individuals and
estates consequent upon the Civil war and the
South's defeat therein.
I asked Judge Heard when it was that the
Courthouse of Greene County was burned, and
the records destroyed. In a tone of surprise,
he responded: “It never has happened. Our
Courthouse has never been burned, nor our
records destroyed. They are all there now in
a safety vault." Therefore, inasmuch as Gwyn
Allison's estate was a Greene County estate,
there never was a time when the Rev. C. A.
Norton, and all others, could not have learned
the real facts in the case if they had simply
exercised the ordinary diligence of going to
the Courthouse, or writing to the Ordinary of
the county. It is equally apparent that any
paper connected with that estate lost bv Mr.
A atson, or any one else, could have been im
mediately re-established without the slightest
difficulty and at trivial expense.
'Therefore. Mr. Norton's story of a lost deed,
burnt Courthouse, and big estate gobbled by
McDaniel and Watson must be dismissed as
one of the wildest notions that ever entered
anybody’s head.
Rev. C. A. Norton's letter is published in
another part of this paper.
h n
Editorial Notes,
By J. D. Watson.
'The United States Circuit Court of Appeals
has dissolved the injunction granted by Judge
Jones, which restrained the Alabama Railroad
Commission from making a reduction in
freight rates and putting the passenger rate
at 2 1-2 cents per mile.
As the United States Supreme Court had de
cided the same question in the Virginia case,
the above decision was the only one for the
court to make.
In commenting on the decision Gov. Coiner
said:
“1 believe the dissolution of the injunction
by the Court of Appeals and by the putting in
the new rates at once will not hurt the rail
roads in the least. I regard the Alabama law
and Alabama treatment of the corporations as
the most conservative of any State in the Un
ion.”
Alabama’s treatment of the Trusts has been
conservative. Other Southern States have
been conservative in their treatment of the
Trusts, just as Alabama has been.
Two Federal District Court Judges have
been allowed to stop the enforcement of State
laws duly enacted by the Legislatures of those
States, and without giving the State courts
any say as to whether or not the law was con
stitutional or confiscatory.
To make it plain, the Governors of several
States have let the corporations completely
bluff them out because they hadn’t the grit
to stand up for the rights of their States.
It
Here is a fair example of the big Trusts’
business methods when dealing with the Gov
ernment.
In a recent case against the American Sugar
Refining Company, it was found that a sys
tematic swindle had been carried on for several
years by means of scales equipped with con
cealed springs.
By this fraudulent system of weighing, the
Sugar Trust swindled the Government out of
nearly two million dollars in duties from 1901
to 1907, and the same system of weighing was
practiced by the Trust prior to 1901.
The Payne tariff bill has passed the House
of Representatives, and the next thing in order
is for the' Senate to shoot a few holes through
it.
As petroleum has been put on the free list
by the House, it is safe to predict that the bill
will not pass the Senate as it now stands.
Standard Oil is too well represented in the
Senate for that body to let the tariff on petro
leum be taken off.
Free petroleum would mean cheaper oil, and
cheaper oil would mean smaller dividends to
Standard Oil magnates.
While the demand of the people was so
strong that the House dared not put the pro
posed tax on tea, coffee and petroleum, the
Senate will not be influenced by the people’s
wishes as the House was.
The members of the House are elected by
direct vote of the people ever£ two years, but
Senators are not.
The House vote on the tariff bill affords a
very interesting study.
It is about as thorough a mix-up of Repub
licans and Democrats as you could make by
dumping both into a pot and stirring well to
gether.
On one question enough Democratic mem
bers vote with the Republican machine for the
machine to win.
On the next question enough Republican
votes go with the Democrats to defeat the
Republican machine.
But one thing was clearly demonstrated,
and that is that the Democratic party stands
on the tariff question as it does on most all
important questions,—badly divided.
Even the Democratic members from the
same State could not agree.
•t
New Jersey seems to have grown very tired
of being controlled by the trusts, and the
legislature is keeping apace with the courts
in giving them hard jolts.
One of the most powerful of the powerful
New Jersey trusts, the Public Service Cor
poration, is the latest one to be brought to
terms.
The legislature lias just passed a bill creating
a Public Utilities Commission to place the
monster trolley-lighting trust under rigid
regulation.
New Jersey has long been the home of the
trusts, but things are changing.
New Jersey is now doing more towards
curbing trusts than many States that are sup
posed to have anti-trust legislatures and
governors.