PAGE TWELVE
Here Comes President McLean
(concluded from page nine)
and saw? Whoever knew Christ and His
apostles to feel a pulse, listen to a heart
beat, roll a pill, or prescribe a drug?
Christ worked miracles to fulfill prophecy
and to prove His divinity. For the. same pur
poses He imparted that miraculous power to
certain of llis disciples. But nobody pre
tends that ministers of the Gospel can now
work miracles. To compare this lancet-work
and pill-giving to Christ IS BLASPHE
MOUS.
Then President McLean enters upon a de
fense of the feeding of the hungry, the free
education, the free medical and surgical treat
ment — the very things that were so vehement
ly denied when I -first opened up on Foreign
Missions.
And he actually bases his defense of the
kindergarten, boarding-school, free books and
free secular education on Christ's command
to His disciples!
President McLean has the astounding bold
ness to contend that when Christ, in effect,
said to the disciples, ‘‘Go and teach others
what I have taught you,” He meant Latin,
Greek, higher mathematics, general litera
ture and all that.
Bless my life! To think that Christ had
been gone from earth more than eighteen
hundred years before anybody found out
what He meant when He gave that simple
command!
Poor old Paul! He worked in the dark all
his life. So did Peter. So did all the others.
So did Patrick, Columba and Augustin.
Lunkheads that they were, the very disciples
who received their orders from the Great
Commander’s own lips made an utter mistake
in construing them.
Not until a few years ago, when missionary
labor meant snug berths for lots of people,
and salaries whose purchasing power is dou
ble the amount that the recipients could earn
in this country, was Christ’s plain meaning,
“Preach My Word!” distorted into the mon
strous system of today!
They have doubled the foreign mission
funds within the last few years, and they are
at work like beavers to double them again.
And when they do that they will strain every
nerve to double them again—and so on, in
definitely.
Meanwhile these people will not listen to
you at all when you speak of the ignorance,
the irreligion, the appalling conditions among
the poor of our own country. They brush the*
subject aside as though it were of no conse
quence whatever.
Two-thirds of the people of this republic
do not even make the pretense of being Christ
ians; and all the world knows that lots and
cords of those who do, have just about as
much Christian spirit in them as J. P. Mor
gan, the eminent panic-maker, pauper-breed
er, brothel-food specialist, potters-field ex
pert.
President McLean says that the number of
Chinese “converts” was one hundred and
eighty thousand at the time of the Morrison
Centennial. A few weeks ago another mis
sionary fanatic put the number of converts
now on the rolls at less than one hundred and
thirteen thousand. The brethren should get
together and agree on figures. Dr. Corey said
at Dublin, Georgia, that the Chinese converts
now number two hundred thousand.
Why not let these converts proselyte their
own countrymen? Why do anything more
for them now than preach the Gospel to
them ?
There are two reasons why the missionaries
will not change their unscriptural and un
natural system:
(1.) Because too many people are getting
good pay for light work, and are having a
better time in mission fields than they can
enjoy anywhere else.
(2.) Because the missionaries know that as
Stje 3effersonian
soon as the Chinese, Japanese, Koreans and
Hindoos cease to get the various kinds of sub
sidy, the whole fabric of Foreign Missions
will fall to pieces.
Why, only a few days ago the newspapers
were carrying the news that the Chinese con
verts in this country were all renouncing
Christianity because the Elsie Sigel case had
frightened the missionaries into a change of
policy. The “one-white-girl-to-each-China
nian” being no longer the rule of mission
work, the Chinamen wept back to Confucian
ism.
II /w 77 proved that he had been calling him
self “a Christian” in order to get ami keep the
white girl!
So it is in China. To get free board, edu
cation, quinine, gratuitous surgery, dental
work, etc., etc., the Chinese call themselves
Christians.
Take away the bounty, and away goes your
convert.
AND THE MISSIONARIES KNO IF IT.
President McLean quotes Ellis again, and
Bryan again, and Taft again, and Wana
maker again—not Roosevelt, strange to say.
He says that if I were to go abroad and
study the work it would convince me that it is
“good”.
When did I ever say that free education,
musical training and first-class medical atten
tion are not “good” ? Never has anything of
that kind been published in The Jefferson
ian. The twenty-one million dollars lavished
on the heathen does do them good—lots of it.
But I contend that it is a sin and a shame to
squander millions every year in foreign lands
for unscriptural mission work when our own
country is in so terrible a condition that the
Federal government had to suppress the offi
cial report of the Roosevelt Homes Commis
sion.
I would not wonder if Mr. Wanamaker,
of Philadelphia, and President McLean, of
Cincinnati, could each find ten thousand men,
women and children in his home city that
never have enough to eat, that are illiterate,
that know nothing about religion, and that
are living the lives of brutes.
We neglect our own national household,
leaving their bodies, minds and souls to per
ish—while we rave about China and establish
secular schools to COMPETE with the splen
did facilities for education which the Chinese
government offers to Chinese children.
Japan, India, China are able to educate
their own children, and want to do it; but
missionaries go there with the money raked
and scraped up among the duped congrega
tions of this country and they outbid the for
eign government for the precious privilege of
giving to yellow and brown children what we
fail to furnish to our own!
[«] [a] [H|
You Can’t Lose ’Em
Even at the extra session the hierarchy—
Papa’s, I mean—did not fail to ask for more
public money.
Senator Dupont, Catholic, introduced a
bill to pay for church property in the Phil
ippines. Apparently, we shall never finish
paying for that property.
Blind Protestants! They fatuously traipse
to Central and South America to drive out
Roman Catholicism, when North America is
being won to the pope!
® [H] |HJ
The Socialist Way
“Tom Watson is one of the most self-destructive
writers in the world, when once you form the habit of
catching him at it. For instance: ‘I am not the least
bit ashamed of the fact that the South owned slaves.’
Then: ‘Virginia voted to put an end to the infamy in
1800.’ Proud of the infamy, are you?”
The above is clipped from one of the pa
pers that are deceiving our country people as
to the true meaning of Socialism.
It proves one thing—these brethren, like
the foreign missionaries, are sitting up and
taking notice of the fact that Watson's Jeffer
sonian Magazine is exposing their “confidence
game”.
When did I ever say that I was proud of
the infamous slave-trade? Did I not prove,
in the Magazine, that the sea-faring people of
New England monopolized this vile, inhu
man traffic? Did I not state that a Southern
lawyer (the late General Henry R. Jackson)
libeled and condemned the last of the North
ern vessels (the Wanderer) engaged in the
infamous business? (This incident took
place during the administration of Buch
an an.)
What I did say was that the South prac
ticed a patriarchal form of slaveholding,
and that I was not the least bit ashamed of
it. The system was world-wide at that time,
and it was seen in its mildest form in the
Southern States.
We treated our negroes much better than
Northern employers treated their wage-slaves.
We do it yet. The negroes in Dixie get better
pay for what they do than any laborers on
earth.
Why should any Socialist imagine that he
can make us ashamed of our fathers and
mothers, our grandfathers and grandmoth
ers, our Washingtons, Randolphs, Masons,
Jeffersons, Rutledges, Jacksons and Yanceys?
They can never do it —any more than they
can make us ashamed of the Confederate sol
dier.
The men we are ashamed of are such spine
less creatures as Woodrow Wilson and Secre
tary Dickinson, who truckle to the North and
throw off on their own section.
Tm not ashamed of my slaveholding an
cestry, nor will anybody ever hear me tickle
a Northern audience by saying as Dickinson
virtually did: “I’m glad you whipped us, and
put nigger heels on our necks, and lied on us
in your alleged histories, and slandered us
about the mistreatment of prisoners.”
No, sirree! The man who does a thing like
that is a cur— no matter how high the office
he holds.
The article referred to by the Socialist did
not say that I was proud of slavery: it sim
ply said that I was not ashamed of our peo
ple for having done that which all other peo
ples had done and were doing—what Abra
ham, Isaac and Jacob had done; what Peri
cles and Solon had done; what the noblest of
the Romans had done; what the Bible had
sanctioned and what Christ failed to con
demn.
But the slave system had served its pur
pose, had outlived its day, and was vanish
ing throughout the Occidental world. Pub
lic opinion was dead-set against it. Had the
abolitionists let us alone, we of our own ac
cord would assuredly have soon adopted some
plan of gradual, compensated emancipation.
But the fanatics would not have it so.
They waged such a fierce, insulting war upon
the South that passionate resentment swept
the whole question away from the arbitra
ment of reason.
In my “Life and Times of Andrew Jack
son” (in the Magazine), I have now reached
the headwaters of the Civil War; and I
mean to prove that personal malice, disap
pointed ambition and mere sectional envy
had a world to do with the bloody convul
sion which transformed our happy confed
eration into a consolidated, class-law, pluto
cratic despotism.
Just quote me fairly, Mr. Socialist. That’s
all T ask of you.
® IS ®
Dr. Elliott and Fifty Years Ago
Dr. C. W. Elliott says, “The world has been
remade within fifty years.”
That’s a fact, visible to the naked eye; but
the important thing is the answer that must