Ofyt Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 11
I We Have Been Treated to
Considerably! More of Epochical Ellis
—_ •*
OR the first eighteen hundred
years after Christ, the work of
the Foreign Missionary was done
on the Pauline plan. The evan
gelist went abroad into fields
where the name of Christ had
never been heard, and he preach
ed the Gospel until a sufficient
number of converts were made to
F
establish a church. This nucleus having been
formed, it was left to leaven the whole loaf in
that region. The missionary went forward
as the herald of the new faith, stopping at
another place, preaching the Word there, un
til he had made a sufficient number of con
verts to establish another church. On this
simple Gospel plan, the Roman world was
won to the Cross. In that simple Scriptural
manner, England was converted by Augus
tine; Ireland by Patrick; Scotland by Co
lumba.
It was in that way that the missionaries
worked among the red Americans, as well as
the Indian races of Mexico, Central and
South America. It was in that way that the
first missionaries labored with the Buddhists
and Confucianists of the Orient.
A little more than a hundred years ago,
Carey and Fuller began this modern bribery
system. Their method of supplying the ma
terial wants of the heathen and thus alluring
them to come for a share of the loaves and
fishes, has gone on, step by step, waxing big
and strong upon what it fed on, until every
denomination, so far as I know, (excepting
Primitive Baptists and Catholics,) are com
mitted to it. And in America, the cry of “the
heathen! the heathen! the heathen!” tkkes
the people off their feet, and carries mil
lions upon millions of money to support the
schools, colleges, kindergartens, hospitals,
dispensaries, widows’ homes, orphans’ homes,
missionary doctors, missionary surgeons, mis
sionary nurses, missionary dentists, teachers
of up-to-date farming, of blacksmithing, and
of carpentering. We cheerfully furnish med
icine, free of cost, to the heathen, so that
hundreds of thousands of the people of China
and heathen countries may secure the benefit
of drug, pill and plaster, as well as the ex
pert service of the best physicians and trained
nurses. We furnish the gold leaf with which
the dentist fill the decaying teeth of the pa
gans. We are so eager to maintain, educate,
and Christianize the children of the stranger
in foreign mission lands, that we actually
take missionary money and buy orphan chil
dren from their own parents.
Let your minds go back a few months.
When I first said in The Jeffersonian that
they were doing things of this sort in the
Foreign Mission fields. Did they admit it,
or did they deny it? You will remember,
they bitterly denied it, and denounced me an
e/lttanta, Ga., Thursday, Marr'
infamous, malicious liar. It was done in
The Wesleyan Christian Advocate, both edi
torially and through letters from such men
as Scoville. It was done in nearly every de
nominational paper of the land. They bold
ly claimed that their schools and churches
were self-supporting. It was only after I
had dug into their reports, their magazines,
their pamphlets and their missionary letters
that they found it impossible to keep up their
plan of meeting my criticisms. They dropped
the denial as though they had never made it.
They turned a complete somersault, faced in
the opposite direction, and declared that they
were doing just what I had said they were
doing, (and what they had denied doing)
and they furthermore stated that it was
Scriptural and proper to do those things
which they had denied doing.
But their change of tactics was not suc
cessful. They could not convince their own
deluded followers that it was right to despoil
the people of America to give to the heathen
those things which are so badly needed by
millions of our own destitute, illiterate, ir
religious people. They realized, when it had
been shown to the public that practically
every church in China has a free apothecary
shop, and a doctor attached, that the effect
on collections in this country would be dis
astrous. They realized that people would be
gin to ask one another, “// it is a good thing
for the Chinese to have a free drug-store, and
a free physician, surgeon and trained nurse
at work in co-operation with the pastor,
would,it not be a good thing, over here? They
realized that people would begin to point to
the fact that not a single church in America
does for the poor of its congregation, what
they are taxing our congregations to furnish
to every Chinese congregation. Therefore
what? I must be personally assailed and
broken down. If Watson could, not be
crushed, the cause would soon be hard up for
money. Therefore what? A regular cru
sade against Watson.
Who is Mr. Wm. T. Ellis? Nobody seems
to know. In one paper it is said that he is
the editor of the Philadelphia Record. In
another it is said that he is the editor of the
Philadelphia Press. In one allusion to him,
he is called a member of the staff of the Phil
adelphia Record. In another, he is described
as a member of the staff of the Philadelphia
Press. In another, he is said to be the trav
eling correspondent of the Philadelphia
Record. In another, he is said to be the trav
eling correspondent of the Philadelphia
Press. He does not Jive in Philadelphia. He
does not stay in one place long enough to
edit either the Record or the Press.
Somewhat crazy to know who and what
Ellis has been and is now, I ransacked
“TF/te’s Who, in America". That’s a book
whose sole reason for existence is, to tell the
world the names of all the Americans, male
and female, that have reached prominence.
It isn’t a book into which every Nobody can
get his name by the payment of money. Every
year or so the book comes out in a new edi
tion, which embraces all the names which be
come known to fame since the last edition
was published.
I grab “ Who's TF/to, in America"— the
1902-3 edition—and search for the name
“Ellis”. Six of them are there, but not our
William T.
Then I snatch the “IFAD’s Who" for 1906-7.
Sixteen of the Ellis tribe I find, but not our
William T.
To show you how carefully the book gath
ers up the men who have achieved any prom
inence, I mention that Clark Howell’s name,
and those of J. R. Gray, of the Journal, and
(continued on page twelve)
1 There Is No Such Crime +
Known Co Law as “Dis- t
orderly Conduct ” t
I
I
T is a perfect outrage for policemen
to arrest people on the charge of “dis
orderly conduct”; and it is nothing
short of infamous that Recorders’
Courts should sentence people to pay
fines, or to suffer imprisonment, for
this alleged offense.
Any one can see that those words could be
stretched to include everything, from the
children dancing around the Italian and his
organ, up to the commission of murder.
In the Codes of the States of this Union,
every imaginable offense is defined in precise
terms. There isn’t a single illegal use of
words that hasn’t got its name and its pro
vided punishment ; there isn’t a single illegal
breach of good conduct that hasn’t its defini
tion in the penal Code, and its penalty pre
scribed. If you make illegal use of language,
to the detriment of the public morals, or to
the insult of any individual—male or female,
young or old—the specific misdemeanor is de
fined in some section or other of our penal
laws. If you are guilty of misconduct,
whereby the good order, peace and dignity of
society are threatened or disturbed, the of
fense can be found set out distinctly in the
penal Code. The taking of human life, the
injury or destruction of property, the dis-
(CONTINUED ON PAGE FIVE)
Price, Five Merits