PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor! and Proprietor!
Tbmple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bntirtd at Piitijin, Atlanta, Ga., Januarj It, IQO7, at wind
flat: mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 5, 1908
ADt
The <Back-Stidings of Hoke.
Gentle voter, did you ever, ever,
EVER know of a case of back-sliding
equal to that of the Great Reformer whom
we elected^Governor of Georgia in 1906?
Alas! We are in the soup. “Fooled
again,” —is about the size of it.
Where is that anti-lobby bill which was
going to break up corrupt influence over
legislation? Forgotten.
Where is that Franchise-tax law which
was going to make the foreign corpora
tions contribute a million dollars a year
to the treasury? Forgotten.
Where is that drastic examination into
the status of the Central Railroad? For
gotten. Maj. Hanson hypnotizes Hoke
Smith’s administration with as much ease
as he did that of Joe Terrell. No wonder
the Wall Street crowd has increased Maj.
Hanson’s salary to $20,000, and pays the
imperially pompous A. R. Lawton $15,000
per year. Two men who can keep the lid
on here in Georgia, while the Wall Street
rascals rake in dividends on so many
millions of dollars of fraudulent stocks
and bonds deserve big pay.
These two, Hanson and Lawton, serve
their Wall Street bosses well.
As to the people of Georgia, they are
to be pitied. The big, brave man whom
we elected to undo these illegal alliances
and to redeem Georgia from Wall Street
exploitation, has fallen from grace. He
has sheathed the sword of the Reformer,
and has for many months been cultivat
ing the professional smile and methods of
the calculating politician.
Have we been saved a single bale of
the 50,000 bales of cotton which Hon.
Guyt McLendon said we were being rob
bed of by fictitious capitalization? Not
a single bale.
Have we been saved a single dollar of
the four million dollars which Hon. Hoke
Smith said we were being robbed of
every year, on watered stock? Not a dol
lar. Why not?
ASK HOKE AND GUYT. Maybe
they can tell you—the Jeffersonian can
not. All that the Jeffersonian can do is
to mourn over the back-slidings of Hoke.
All that we can do is to grieve over the
fact that he stopped his horse and put up
his sword.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
He had it in his power to have become
the great central*figure of Southern poli
tics. The Jeffersonian worked for him,
sung his praises, held up his hands, ex
cused many of his shortcomings, kept him
out of some bad blunders, stood by him
loyally and unselfishly—but, after all, he
fell from grace. His heart was not in it,
and he let.the fires of his zeal die down.
Instead of calling those recreant legis
lators back to their post of duty, as he
halfway promised to do, he allowed Dick
Gray and the Atlanta Journal to chill him
into passive submission. Instead of go
ing over the state to make reform speech
es and to expose those members of the
legislature who had gone back on the peo
ple —as he positively declared that he
would do —he tuned his eloquent voice
to homilies on Education and Forestry,
and the golden opportunity passed.
Then to cap the climax of reaction and
back-sliding, he and the Atlanta Journal
have now gone in with the Old Gang on
the matter of the early primary, and the
masses of the people are cut out of any
control over the office-holding Ring.
The great majority of the people of this
state can not, without inconvenience and
loss, give their attention to political af
fairs in April and May. This is well
known to the politicians.
To hold the primaries at that time gives
the town Ring almost absolute control.
Besides, where members of the legisla
ture seek renomination, say, in June,
1908, when they have not shown how
they are going to vote in the summer ses
sion of 1908, these members are in the
position of asking another term before the
people can know how they will conduct
themselves during the term for which
they have already been elected.
In other words, the people will be asked
on June 4, 1908, to elect members for 1909,
when those of 1908 have not finished
their record.
Thus we introduce into state affairs the
most vicious feature of the federal sys
tem, which allows a Congressman to con
tinue in office after he has been con
demned by his constituents.
Hoke Smith made this a prominent
plank in his reform campaign. He spoke
against it all over the state. He gained
many votes bv his pledges to change that
system to a late primary.
The Macon Platform —Hoke’s own
work—positively promises to reform this
evil of the early primary. So late as No
vember, 1907, in his speech at Mcßae,
Governor Smith most emphatically re
newed his pledges upon that subject.
But, in a few weeks after making this
speech, our Great Reformer back-slides
upon the early primary, also, and now
the people will be worse ring-ruled than
ever.
We have seen many cases of campaign
zeal freezing into official selfishness, but
we can not, at this moment, recall any in
stance which compares with the back-slid
ings of Hoke,
Why Our Mails Are Late.
Throughout the lower South there is
universal complaint on account of de
layed mail.
Why not pay some attention to the
facts which the Jeffersonian Magazine
published months ago?
One of our correspondents —a citizen of
Atlanta—wrote us a most convincing ex
planation of the cause of this delay in
delivering Southern mail.
The Southern Railway brings this mail
to Greensboro, N. C., where it is dropped
off for the night, and is picked up next
morning by another train and carried on
to Atlanta.
If the Southern Railway were required
to take the mail on to Chester, S. C.,
where it could be transferred to the Sea
board Air Line, there would be a saving
of nine hours of time in getting the mail
to Atlanta.
To accommodate the Southern, and to
allow that road to get all of the appropri
ation for the service—including the extra
subsidy steal —the people of the lower
South have to lose nine hours, even when
the Southern’s trains are on time —which
is mighty seldom.
Can not Southern Congressmen do
something about it?
* *
Tity the American Farmer.
In every country but ours some en
couragement is given to the men who till
the soil.
In Norway and Sweden the govern
ment Land Banks lend them money on
long time at a low rate of interest.
In France and in Russia national loans
are made upon produce.
In Germany the government bank lends
upon land security.
In Greece, national loans are made to
the farmers.
Even in England, aristocratic England,
it is remembered that the man who feeds
and clothes the people is entitled to some
consideration at the hands of those who
eat and wear what he makes,
Time and again Mr. Gladstone and
other Liberal leaders have proposed that
the government lend money to the ten
ants to enable them to buy homes.
Lord Rosebery brought forward a bill
in Parliament which provided that the
government shall lend the Irish tenant
money to buy his holding from his Eng
lish landlord.
Thus we find every nation in the civil
ized world doing something for the
farmer.
In this country he is petted during a
political campaign, and kicked all the
balance of the year.. It is only in this
country that a smile of derision comes
to the political lips whenever you men
tion the suggestion that the government
ought to do something for the farmer.
The Whiskey Trust gets a bonded
warehouse in which to store up its fire
water; gets government officers to guarej