age, and over. You tell me that such laws
will be in violence of the Constitution of the
United States? What of it? Has the Fif
teenth Amendment anything about it that we
need respect ? Was it not aimed at us as a
malignant war-measure? Is it not a monu
ment to the triumph of those who conquered
us? Does it not remind us of the downfall of
the Southern Confederacy, the devastation of
our country, the burning of our cities, and the
efforts to put black heels upon white necks?
Why should it have any sanctity in our eyes?
Let us pass straight-out disfranchisement
laws, and quit telling the world lies, either in
the statute-books, in editorials or in stump
speeches. Let us come out with the whole
truth, and put New England upon notice that
this is a white man’s country, and the white
man intends to rule it. Let us tell them plain
ly and boldly that nobody but white men
shall vote or hold office, and then ask them
what they are going to do about it.
Os course, they will tell you that the Su
preme Court of the United States will declare
the laws unconstitutional. It is not certain
that the Court would so decide. The Fif
teenth Amendment is of doubtful legality,
even in the minds of the Northern people.
Southern jurists, of the first-class, unani
mously hold that it was never proposed or
adopted according to the requirements of the
Constitution.
But suppose the Supreme Court does decide
in favor of the niggers, who is to enforce its
decision? Why pay any attention to it? It
has been ignored, defied, scornfully brought
to naught, time and again. What Mr. Jeffer
son did, we can do; what Andrew Jackson
did, we can do; what Abraham Lincoln did,
we can do.
The Supreme Court is utterly powerless to
enforce its will, in such a case. President
Taft, even if he thought the law authorized
him to use the national troops, wouldn’t dare
to do it. He knows perfectly well that this
country is rocking with revolutionary tenden
cies right now. He knows that the world
movement of the under-classes is felt here,
just as it is felt in England, in France, in
Italy, in Spain and in Hindustan. He
wouldn’t dare to attempt a thing of that sort!
He knows that the entire South would spring
up, as one man, for its rights.
In the time of George M. Troup, John
Quincy Adams, who hated the South with
venomous intensity, and who was a very
crafty politician, came to the conclusion that
he couldn’t afford to ask the country to sus
tain him in a fight against Georgia, in behalf
of the red men. When Governor Troup put
the machinery in readiness to resist the Fed
eral soldiers, the President backed down, and
the triumph of Georgia was complete. In
that case, the Supreme Court decided against
Georgia, and President Andrew Jackson said,
“John Marshall has made his decision: now
let him enforce it.”
The Supreme Court was powerless; Geor
gia came off victorious.
What has been done can be done again.
Neither President Taft, nor any other man
who is likely to be sent to the White House,
would be such an egregious blockhead as to
appeal to this country to make war upon the
South, in behalf of the negro’s right to vote.
The ballot is a political privilege; it is not a
civil right. It belongs neither to the absolute
nor to the relative rights of man. It is a dis
tinction, a privilege, a power, which is po
litical, and which the State gives or withholds
as policy dictates. There are tens of thou
sands of noble, intelligent, cultured young
men twenty years old, who know as well what
to do with the ballot as those of us who
are middle-aged; but because of other young
men who would not vote wisely, we think
it judicious to restrict the ballot to those
that are twenty-one years old. In like man
ner, there are millions of capable, educated,
patriotic women who understand govern
mental questions, and civic duties; yet we do
TJeffersonlan
not bestow the political privilege of the bal
lot and of office-holding upon these elegant
women.
What a shame it is that millions of mere
brutes have been given political privileges,
which are withheld from our young men and
from all of our women!
Now is the time for the South to take ac
tion in support of the policy herein outlined.
It will win. There is nothing to check it, if
you will once put it in motion. See your
State Senators, see your Representatives in
the lower branch of the Legislature and
pledge them to enforce such laws when next
your State Solons are convened.
(P. S. —In this connection, it is but just to
Senator John S. Beard, of Florida, to say
that he made a manful light in the Florida
Legislature for just such a law, and succeeded
in passing it through the Senate. I hope he
will rise and come again, and win the next
time.
I am going to see to it that somebody tries
it in every State where I have got friends
and followers. These disfranchisement laws
which we have been passing have not operated
just exactly as we hoped they would. In
States like Alabama, very disquieting infor
mation comes to the effect that they have dis
franchised more white men than negroes. We
have got to adopt a bolder, honester, director,
more radical policy. Now that the West has
a race-question of its own, New England need
not expect any support from that quarter.
Here I Come, Brother Towson
(Concluded from Page One)
suppose that Towson discovered what they
brew in hell?)
What pains did the Rev. Towson take to
assure himself that he was telling the truth
about Dr. Paul Wakefield’s lecture? How
could he possibly have known what the young
missionary had said in a distant state—Tow
son being in Georgia at the time? Men who
have the proper regard for the truth, and the
proper conception of how gentlemen should
conduct themselves, do not rush into print,
accusing others of a “malicious and vindictive
attack”, without being certain of their facts.
Brother Corey came into court, asking that
the unsupported word of Dr. Wakefield be
taken, in denial of those two reports. My
long experience as a lawyer caused me to sus
pect the veracity of Wakefield’s denial. Why?
Because if it had been possible for him to
have done so, he would have produced a
signed statement from some of the good peo
ple who attended his lectures. His failure to
show even so much as a letter to that effect,
made me morally certain that poor Paul had
been “caught in one”—and a mighty big, bad
one at that.
So I hustled. The result was a complete
verification of the two newspaper reports.
The proofs have already been given to the
readers of The Jeffersonian.
And neither Wakefield nor Corey can pro
duce a single scrap of evidence to sustain
Wakefield, and impeach those reports,—one
of which came from Mrs. Mansell, wife of the
minister in whose church Dr. Wakefield lec
tured.
WW, 7<l/?N<ZV 7VIUSW, WHAT
HAVE YOU GOT TO SAY FOR YOUR
SELF? You slandered me in the Advocate,
and in your pamphlet. You declared, “I dare
to write down as an absolute fact that Paul
Wakefield did not say ‘there are more women
missionaries degraded by Chinese men than
there are Chinese converted.’ ”
Your “absolute fact” has been smashed by
Charles Bowers, who got his report from
Wakefield, and by Clifford Pete rson, who ob
tained his from the Christian minister’s wife.
And BOTH REPORTS (ONE MADE BE
FORE THE LECTURE AND THE OTH
ER AFTERWARDS), CORRESPOND IN
EVERY ESSENTIAL PARTICULAR.
What about your “absolute fact”, Parson?
You as good as called me “the father of
lies". Ton virtually declared that “eternal
shame and infamy will attach to the man”, —
I being said “man”.
Now, sir. YOUR “ABSOLUTE FACT''
HAS, BY INCONTESTIBLE EVIDENCE,
BEEN SHOWN TO BE /LV ABSOLUTE
FALSEHOOD! Even Corey and Wakefield
have apparently abandoned the effort to dis
prove those reports.
“Father of lies is not a pretty name to give
to a human being,—and if anybody has lied
about what Wakefield said, it wasn’t I. By
your intemperate zeal, Parson, you have put
yourself in the awkward attitude of giving
the lie to Mrs. Mansell, a brother preaaher's
wife.
WHAT WILL YOU DO ABOUT IT,
PARSON?
P. S.—Watch him, brethren, and note his
action in the matter.
® IS ®
Things Have Changed
He’s passing away—is the good old Family
Doctor. A fine man he was, in his day. He
had two saddle-horses, first-class cobs; and
he kept them fat, and he rode one one day,
and the other the next; and he covered lots of
ground in his daily rounds. You remember
the jog-trot of his critter”, don’t you? No
body else trained a horse as he did.' The gait
was always the same, not a walk, not a lope—
just a jog-trot, that made the saddle creak
and the saddlebags- flap a little. He didn’t
seem to be going ‘ peart”, but the' way the.
Doctor’s “critter could get over ground and
shove the miles behind him. was a sight.
Ihe family doctor answered every call,
night and day, Sunday and Monday. First,
he d be at the Big House, and then in the nig
ger quarters. Today he was seated by the
side of the slave-owner, tomorrow he was
equally as interested by the cot of the sick
€ racker. (He didn t know a blessed thing
about the hookworm, and he was simple
enough to believe that the human race has its
“run-out elements, just as other animal spe
cies have.)
He was great on calomel and quinine, poul
tices and plasters; and he was a pretty good
surgeon, as well as physician. He furnished
all the medicine, never' advertised, never sued
anybody, and frequently collected enough to
feed both his horses and restock his saddle
bags. He knew everybody’s secrets, kept
them religiously, had a 'kind'word for all that
were entitled to it; and, in his old age and
straitened circumstances, would speak 'with
mild dolefulness of how many thousands of
dollars he had on his “books”.' Those dollars
are there yet on those dim, faded, memory
rousing “books”.
And then there was our beloved Pastor
what a glorious old Christian he was! To
hear him thundering against sin and sinners,
you’d naturally believe that he seasoned his
victuals with gunpowder, and fought circular
saws for recreation.
But, bless you ! he wouldn’t have harmed a
fly. His warm heart was full of the milk of
human kindness. His house was open to
every comer. His helpful hand went out
to the weak, the friendless, the suffering. Into
aching wounds he poured balm. To lonely
souls he carried consolation. To sorrowing
despondents he went with words of cheer and
comfort. He was the spiritual lighthouse,
whose far-thrown beams warned the strug
gling mariner how to steer the frail life
boat away from the shallows and the break
ers. “Guide, philosopher and friend,” his
worth to the world, his influence for good
shone with the unquenchable radiance of the
stars.
Like the family doctor, he bore no taint of
money-madness. He loved his work. He was
(Continued on Page Twelve)
PAGE NINE