PAGE TWELVE
WHERE THE WHIGS WENT, THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE GONE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
what longer than he might have expected for
the arrival of the boon which he craved, and
it was not Mr. Stephens who led the Demo
cratic party to Hades, but if Mr. Dawson is
yet living, he, as an old Whig, must be very
happy. The Democratic party floundered
quite a while before getting there, but it’s
there.
•tn*
The Golden Age and Collier *s.
give honor to whom honor is due, in
cominenaiug the widely effective work being done by
Collier’s Weekly in behalf of temperance and prohi
bition. This great paper does not claim io be out
and out for prohibition, but it stands for national de
cency, fairness and truth.”—Atlanta (GaJ Golden
Age.
'1 he above appears in Collier’s Weekly, un
der the headline of “Brickbats and Bouquets.”
The Golden Age is the religious paper of
Mr. William Upshaw—more generally and
affectionately known as “Earnest Willie.”
Is it a fact that Collier’s Weekly stands foi
“decency, fairness and truth?”
We think not. It has persistently slandered
the South, in the matter of the administration
of Lynch Law. It has invariably wept over
the fate of the negro beast who was shot,
hanged or burned, and has never published a
line of sympathy for the white girl or woman
who was ruined or killed by the brutal rav
isher.
Only a few weeks ago, Collier’s deliberately
insulted the white womanhood of the whole
South, by charging that “it is well known”
that the negroes who were lynched, were in
many cases falsely accused by white women,
as “the easiest way to escape scandal.”
Tn other words. Collier’s virtually says to
all the world that white girls and white women
in the South accuse negro men of rape, IN
ORDER THAT THEY MAY CONCEAL
(Continued from Page Five.)
men going into town in their motor
cars and living in ease and luxury.
This is only an exception, not the
rule.
“The women on the farm carry the.
heavy end of the stick. They are up
at four o’ clock in the morning get
ting breakfast, before the men are
up. Then they keep steadily at work
all day long without one minute’s
rest, x'ooking, washing, ironing,
sweeping, dusting, sewing, milking,
churning, scrubbing, caring for poul
try, etc. But, you will say, the men
work, res, they work —work hard —
but there is some end to the hours
that men work, and their work has
gireater variety in it than women’s
has. The men see and talk to dozens
ot men at the roadside, when they go
into town where the women do not
see or get to exchange words of
greeting with one, being tied close in
the home at work.
“Once a city cousin came to spend
her vacation with a country cousin.
She was speaking to 'that country
cousin of the lovely scenory, sur
rounding her home, the brook and the
pond, the mountain just beyond, the
beautiful sunset and opalescent sky.
The country woman looked up with
a sigh from where she was wearily
making pies and bread all the hot,
long August afternoon, in a stifling
pantry, and answered, ‘Yes, it is all
very nice, but I never get time to
look up, or to enjoy the scenery.’
“Yes, the men work, but the wo
men work so much harder and longer,
and so monotonously that the work
of the men looks like an agreeable
pastime to compare with that of wo
men. This never-ending work. Work
while the men talk at the roadside,
work before they are up in the morn
ing, work while they rest at their
noon hour, work while they are gone
into town in the evening or are read
ing or have ‘'turned in’ for the night’s
rest. iStill there .is another thing,
when it comes to expenditures, the
women are ‘simply not in it,’ to use
a slangy phrase which seems to be
popular.
“And then when the women want
to go to church or anywhere else.
‘Let the horses rest —(hey have
worked so hard all week,’ is the an
swer she gets.”
In last week’s Jeffersonian, Mr.
Watson said of the pathetic lot of
some wives:
“They have too much drudgery
imposed upon them. They are not
only mothers, nurses, housekeepers,
cooks, ehambermaids, washerwomen,
milkers and eh timers, but they are
sometimes FIEI J)- IIA NDS. ’ ’ 0 f
course, he was .alluding to the women
on farms.
These are the hard facts of exist
ence that confront thousands of girls
in the rural districts. Why should
they remain to face such a probable
wifehood for 'themselves? There is
no career for them in the country
'Jeffersonian.
THE FACT THAT THEY CONSENTED!
Does Earnest Willie endorse this charge?
If not. how can he give a testimonial to Col
lier’s that “it stands for decency, fairness and
truth”?
So far as we know, not another periodical in
the whole Union makes such a vile, obscene
charge against the white women of the South.
Not the New York World, not the Indepen
dent, not any white man’s paper whatsoever,
so far as we have heard.
The nigger papers DO. And Collier’s
copies after the nigger papers, —and Earnest
Willie Upshaw endorses and highly commends
Collier’s.
“The Golden Age” made a bad stumble that
time.
M M M
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
The income tax clause in the tariff bill is
the one that is of most importance to the peo
ple. An income tax of 2 per cent on incomes
of from $5,000 to SIO,OOO, from SIO,OOO to
$25,000 a tax of 3 per cent, and so on up to 6
per cent on SIOO,OOO or over, would net the
government an increase in revenue of from
$70,000,000 to $90,000,000, which would be
enough to meet the deficit in the expenses of
running the government.
And the tariff On the commodities that the
masses of the people are obliged to have could
be put on the free list.
Such a law would hurt no person.
You are told that the government must levy
a tariff duty in order to get the money to pay
the expenses of running the government.
Each dollar collected by the government
from an income tax means that the protected
interests. —the Sugar Trust, the Steel Trust,
the Oil Trust, and numbers of other Trusts, —
will be affected by each dollar collected from
an income tax.
Each dollar derived from an income tax
except home life, and the kind -of
home life many of them face is pre
cisely what drives them to at least try
to better their lot in the cities. If
they make a fatal mistake, it is a ter
rible commentary upon present con
ditions.
It the girls are to stay on the
farms, the farms must present more
attractive features than the neces
sity to pander to the laborer’s in
satiable appetite for hot meals, to
toil and moil day, night and Sunday.
Fresh and pretty at eighteen, old and
haggard at twenty-five or thirty, is
too often the case of the country
woman.
It is scarcely necessary to say that
the pleasant farm home is about the
sweetest kind of home the earth af
fords; but inasmuch .as the dark side
of city lite is being so constantly
shown, in an effort to frighten girls
and boys from migrating to the
towns, it is but fair to make plain
the dark side of country life also, and
show why the rustic sons and daugh
ters are excusable in their young be
lief that, no matter what tribulations
may beset them in the metropolis,
they can’t be worse than the certain
ties confronting them if they remain
in the old ruts. Weighing the ever
lasting plow and the woodpile, the
churning and dishwashing against the
treasures in the marts of trade, is it
strange they choose the latter,, even
though it may turn out to be but
Fairy Gold /
woul mean a dollar loss to the Trusts.
For every dollar collected as an income tax
by the government, the Trust must lose a dol
lar which they now rob the consumer of.
The Trusts rob the people by a protective
tariff.
n
If an income and inheritance tax paid the
government millions in revenue what excuse
would the Trust’s representatives in Congress
have to fall back on? None!
They now tell us that we must levy a tariff
to meet the increased expenses of government.
If we can meet the increased expenses of gov
ernment by a tax which only makes those who
are able to bear it pay it, —why not meet the
increased expense in that way?
Wouldn’t it look a little more like Justice
to make Rockefeller, Morgan and Harriman
pay their proportionate share, with the aver
are farmer, than making the farmer pay both
the farmer’s and the Trust magnate’s share.
The attention that certain of our Democratic
friends give Senator Aldrich makes you have
pity for them.
Aldrich leads you to believe that he is in
favor of revising the tariff downward and
shows that the revenue of government can be
cut by cutting down the government’s ex
penses.
Aldrich is right there. But who was one of
the leaders in making the increase in expenses?
Aldrich!
And what is Aldrich’s plan in appearing as
the champion of economy?
President Taft promised Tariff Revision in
his campaign, but he does not want the army
or navy appropriation cut.
Mr. Taft also opposes Mr. Aldrich’s views
on the tariff revision.
And now we have the secret.
Aldrich hopes to make the President come
to the Trusts’ terms on the Tariff by threaten
ing to cut down the' army and navy appro
priations.
Don’t Wear
A Truss
After Thirty Years Experience I Have
Made A New Discovery For Men,
Women or Children That
Cures Rupture.
Costs You Nothing To Try It
have tried mos * everything else, come to
me. Where others fail fc where I have my great
est success. Send at ached coupon to day and I
will send you free my book on Rupture and its
cure, showing my new discovery and giving yon
pi i e< and names of many people who have tried
it and were cured. It is instant relief when all
others fail Remember 1 use no calves, no har
ness, no lies.
1 R A nd . trial to Prove w hat I say is true. You
are the judge and onre bavin? seen mi be k and
read it you will beasentbusiasiie as my hundreds
of patients whose letters you can also read. Fill
out free coupon below rnd mail today. It’s well
wu tn your time whether you try my discovery
or not.
FREE INFORMATION COUPON
C E. Brooks, 267 Brocks Bldg., Marshall,
Mich.
Please send me by mail in plain wrapper
full information of your new discovery for the
cure of rupture.
Nam a
Address l
city Stat-
MILLIONS of people depend on Balti
more for their supply of Fruits and Vege
tables, which make it a good market. If
you want a good House to look after vovr
interest, write to
HEWITT &. COMPANY
Fruit & Produce Commission Merchants!
10 E. Camden St., Baltimore. Md,