PAGE TWELVE
JIM WOODWARD, HOKE’S ORGAN AND
THE NEGROES.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
it would be impossible to say: but IT SEEMS
LIKE THE MOCKERY OF HELL THAT
THE COCA-COLA PACK SHOULD HAVE
BEEN AMONG THOSE WHICH PULLED
JIM WOODWARD DOWN.
And those Atlanta papers—don’t they beat
the band?
Did you ever notice how much whiskey ad
vertisement they carry? Poor Jim Wood
ward! He probably ordered his bug-juice
from one of the dealers who advertise in the
Atlanta papers —the papers which lambasted
Jim so cruelly because he drank some of the
stuff they advertise!
Jim Woodward had to order his whiskey,
and these papers kept him informed as to
where he could get it.
We assume, as a matter of course, that “the
moral element” allows no whiskey to be sold
in Atlanta.
* H *
A Little Heroine.
If the men were half as brave as the women
and the girls—the world would get better
faster.
Consider the little heroine who went to the
cotton-patch, worked hard all day, and donated
her earnings to the Populist Campaign! If
our men folks were fired by a zeal like that,
the walls of the Jericho of Special Privilege
would not be long in toppling.
Why do the Socialists have such an ade
quate campaign fund? Because each Socialist
considers that the fight for Socialism is his
fight, and that he must contribute his mite.
The Socialists even pay admission fees to
hear their own candidate for the Presidency
speak. Ten cents is nothing to the individual
Socialist, but when an audience of 5,000 men
pay ten cents each to get in, Socialism adds
SSOO to the campaign fund.
Not only does each Socialist feel it his duty
to help finance the movement, but he is ener
getic in scattering Socialist literature. He
drums up subscribers to Socialist papers and
magazines. He is persistent in trying to get
moss-backs to read, and to subscribe. In this
way, Socialist papers and magazines get hun
dreds of thousands of names on their subscrip
tion lists. Practically all of the Socialists
patronize their own periodicals.
How is it with us Jeffersonians, us Popu
lists? .
We let our papers and magazines struggle
along, the best they can. Too few of us act
upon the co-operative plan. Too few of us will
go out of the way to scatter literature and can
vass for subscribers.
There is Paul Dixon, of the Missouri World,
who was a hero in the reform work for eigh
teen years; yet he received so little encourage
ment and support that he has had to suspend
his paper. After eighteen years of effort, he
is forced to give up.
Why? Because our people prefer to take
their patronage to the newspapers that are
subsidized by the corporations. The oppress
ed people support the papers of their oppress
ors, rather than the papers which are trying to
put an end to the oppression.
It is very discouraging. The heroic little
girl who donated a day’s labor to the cam
paign, deserves as much credit as Mr. Watson
who put fortv speeches and nearly three thou
sand dollars into it.
But there are thousands of good men and
women throughout the country who are true
hearted Jeffersonians, yet they don’t lend a
hand to the work. They don't contribute any
money nor do they help scatter our literature.
Comrades! Turn over a new leaf. Help
those who are trying to help the oppressed
masses of our people. Do your part. Patron
ize the papers and magazines that advocate
your principles, and try to get others to patron
ize them.
Zsl)e TJfcffarsonian
Editorial Notes?*
By J. D. Watson.
The report of postmaster General, Meyer,
for the fiscal year ending with June shows
a deficit of $17,000,000, due mainly to the cost
of the R. F. D.
The report also shows how this deficit can
be overcome, and turned into a big surplus.
The way to do it is simple enough, —adopt
the parcels post.
“The special parcels post,” says the Post
master General, “will enable the farmers to
have small parcels delivered at their gates, to
live better and to obtain easily the necessaries
of life.” All of which is true, and it will add
millions to the receipts of the postoffice depart
ment —just as it has done in European coun
tries where it has had a thorough trial.
The same rural carrier who carries the mail
can also carry the parcels with very little more
cost if any. The farmer can order a parcel by
telephone or mail and have it delivered to him
almost as soon as if he lived in town, —some
small article maybe, but which he is obliged to
have, —something for which he is now obliged
to stop a horse from work and lose a half day’s
work himself to go to town for.
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, Straus,
in his annual report makes a recommendation
which will bring about a radical change in the
liability of employers to employees in case of
death or injury.
”As it is now the one who is least able to
stand the loss, —the employee,—has to bear
the whole thing.
Some countries in Europe have laws which
fix a definite compensation for death or for in
jury, based upon the earning capacity of the
injured or killed, and this system works well.
If it works well abroad, why won’t it work
well here?
The 4th of March will end the political
career of several Senators who have been
prominently before the public for years, and
the public will lose nothing by it.
The two most prominent Trust tools to step
aside will be Platt, of New York, and Foraker,
of Ohio.
. We are glad to see Foraker go because of
his stand in the Brownsville affair, his Stan
dard Oil connections and his fight on the Rate
bill.
Platt deserves a life of scorn and oblivion
on general principles.
He has not only been a corporation Senator,
but a dangerous, unscrupulous rascal with it.
It now seems likely that Secretary Root will
succeed Platt in the Senate, and he cannot be
worse, if as bad.
It is true that Mr. Root has always represen
ted corporations, and has been known, always,
as a corporation lawyer, but he has never been
accused of being a rascal.
When Platt was the Republican boss of New
York State and Richard Croker the Tammany
boss of New York City, it was an open secret
that there was an agreement between them.
Platt never tried to elect a Republican Mayor
of New York City, and Croker never tried to
elect a Democratic Governor of the State.
In other words. Platt took the State and
gave Croker the City—to rob and plunder.
That both did their jobs well is attested by
the millions of dollars thev made at it.
The United States Supreme Court has fairly
taken our breath away bv two of its recent de
cisions. You are almost convinced that the
Judges of this Court believe they are soon to
become elective by the people.
In the first decision the Court held that a
State has the right to require that white and
black schools be kept separate, and not mixed.
In the second decision thev reversed p’udge
Pritchard in the famous Virginia two cent
railway rate case.
- As you remember, Judge Pritchard tied the
hands of Virginia and North Carolina by issu
ing an injunction against the authorities of
these States forbidding them to enforce a law
which the legislature had made.
But this decision of the Supreme Court will
show many a Circuit Judge that he is not quite
so powerful as he thinks.
Before he can grant an injunction and stop
the law-enforcing machinery of an entire
State, he must see that every effort for relief
has been exhausted in the State Courts.
In other words the Court says this is a State
law, the State has her own courts to grant re
lief ; now you keep your hands out of this until
it is shown the State can’t handle it.
FOLK AND LA FOLLETTE.
Four years ago the whole country acclaimed
Joseph Folk of Missouri. .He had prosecuted
and convicted a lot of big criminals in St.
Louis. The young attorney’s name was on
every tongue and a great future was predicted
for him.
The sudden wave of popularity made him
Governor of his state, and he was considered
a Presidential possibility.
But the tide appears to have turned, for his
people have rejected his plea to be sent to the
U. S. Senate. Senator Stone—“ Gumshoe Bill,’*
—remains on deck. A state which prefers an
old corporation hack, like Stone, to a clean,
strong, people’s man, like Folk, has no right
to jeer at New York about her Platt and De
pew.
And LaFollette seems to have lost his grip
on Wisconsin. The recent election left the
Spooner gang on top. At least it looks that
way from this distance.
Folk tried to get reform inside the Demo
cratic party, and didn’t do it. The last one of
the big rascals whom he convicted were turned
loose, on wretched little technicalities, by Dem
ocratic judges sitting in the Supreme Court.,
La Follette tried to get reform inside the
Republican party, and didn’t do it. Years of
toil have been wasted, and La Follette .must
either stay a good Republican and lose his re
forms, or go outside and fight for them.
“Get your reforms inside the party,” is a
fine game.
I wonder if that’s the reason why South Car
olina can not even lift the lid off her peniten
tiary horrors, and why she permits child sla
very, without so much as an effort to sup
press it.
EXPLANATION OF FOLK’S DEFEAT.
In Missouri, the contest for the Senatorship
between Governor Folk and Gum-shoe Stone
was decided by a majority vote. This gave the
big cities an immense advantage over the
country counties, and every one knows how
far money, whiskey and corporation influence
goes in the big cities. By reason of this citv
.vote, a corporation tool, like Gum-shoe Stone,
beat a people’s man like Folk.
If Missouri had the Georgia plan of appor
tioning political power, Folk would have de
feated Stone, for three-fourths of the counties
gave Folk a majority.
As it was, St. Louis and Kansas City (Mo.)
dictated to the country counties in the matter
of the Senatorship.
Under the straight majority vote in Mis
souri, two cities rule the state.
Under our Georgia rule, the largest city has
only three times more political power than the
smallest country county.
No wonder Gov. Folk is urging the legisla
ture of Missouri to adopt some plan of the
Georgia kind which will give to the country
counties more influence.
The manner in which the corporations in
Missouri used the city vote to keep their hench
man in the Senate, shows what Hoke and his
city lieutenants could have done in Georgia
h?d tlTfejr sly scheme to roj> the country coun-*
ties; npt‘ bt'eh exposed and defeated j ' s < .‘
The country people of Georgia should never
forget that.