PAGE TWELVE
Gobernment <By Federal Judges.
The Supreme Court of the United
States has taken another great stride for
ward in the march of centralism. Nine
lawyers, perched up on the highest judi
cial limb, like nine ancient, frumpy ..owls,
arrogate to themselves the power to nul
lify the acts of the forty-six legislatures
of 85,000,000 free people! Not only that,
neither the Congress nor the President
can make a law go, if these nine lawyers,
calling themselves the Supreme Court,
say that the law must not go.
What man of common intelligence and
knowledge can believe that our forefath
ers meant to surrender the independence
of the States, as exercised under the old
Confederation, and to invest nine old
lawyers, with black gowns on, with the
final veto on legislation?
Besides, when the Constitution of 1787
was framed, State-rights was a dominant
principle. Not for a moment would these
independent states of the Confederation
have listened to the proposition that the
laws of a state should be questioned and
set aside by the judges of the lower fed
eral courts. That state-laws should be
accepted as binding everywhere, until at
tacked in the state court —from whence an
appeal lay to the Supreme Court of the
United States, was always recognized as
necessary until after the Civil War. Then
the corporatipns began to secure appoint
ment in the federal judiciary for their
lawyers, and thev began to encroach upon
the people there, as everywhere else.
The eleventh amendment to the Con
stitution of the United States was passed
for the very purpose of preventing the
federal courts from encroaching upon the
states. Corporation lawyers, elevated to
the bench, have nullified that clause in
the Supreme Law of the land.
The Constitution declares that a Mate
shall not be sued by a private citizen. A
railroad corporation is a private citizen,
and the ex-railroad lawyer, Judge Pritch
ard. decides that a railroad may sue a
state —for it must be apparent to all un
biased men that when a railroad corpo
ration enjoins the officers of a state from
enforcing the laws of a state, the state
is the other party to the suit.
To say that a state is not sued when its
agents are sued, is mere tommy-iot.
Every intelligent child knows better. To
whip the devil round the stomp, deceives
no one. Those proceedings in Virginia,
North Carolina, Alabama, Georgia and
Minnesota were suits to prevent the state
from putting state laws into execution.
The officers who represent the states and
through whom the states necessarily act,
were sued in their official capacities, as
agents of the state. If that was not the
suing of the state, what was it?
The railroads were not proceeding
against those officials as private citizens.
The suits were against state officers, as
such. To enjoin the Governor and At
torney-General from enforcing the law of
the state, is to enjoin the state from legis-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
lating. When a state is enj fined from
legislating, or from enforcing its laws,
isn’t the state sued, in the sense of the
Constitution?
Os course it is. And, therefore, the
recent decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in upholding the lower
federal courts in Minnesota and North
Carolina, works a repeal of the eleventh
amendment and revolutionizes our system
of government.
If that decision is permitted to stand—
if it be not cancelled by another amend
ment to the Constitution, or brought to
naught bv a strenuous exertion of execu
tive power —then our republican system
of co-ordinate powers is gone.
We are no longer a self-governino- peo
ple, with public servants responsible to
us for misuse of delegated authority. We
are the subjects of a lot of corporation
lawvers, calling themselves the federal ju
diciary. These tools of corporate wealth
and aggressiveness are not voted for by
us, and can not be reached by us. They
hold on for life. Jefferson’s prophecy has
come true.
A hundred years ago he predicted that
the federal judiciary would undermine
our republican institutions, and they
have done it.
With the eleventh amendment emascu
lated until it affords no protection to the
states, and the fourteenth amendment
magnified and distorted until it has be
come a corporation citadel, we are up
against the gravest of problems. Re
duced to its simplest form, the question
is. “Will vou bow down to the despotism
of the corporation lawyers, acting as fed
eral judges, or will vou resist? Will vou
amend your Constitution, in a second at
tempt to get protection from the usurpa
tions of the federal courts, or will vou de
mand in some irresistible way. that the
President and the Governor drive the
usurners back bv the fearless assertion of
the Executive Power?”
Unless one or the other of these reme
dies be applied, the pretense that we
make our own laws and o-overn ourselves
becomes a hollow one. indeed, for he is
a bold man who will contend that a gov
ernment. bv life-tenure judges, appoint
ed bv the Executive, is a “government of
tbp neople. by the people and for the peo
ple.”
», M M
The Honor 'Roll.
Below are the names of a few of the
manv active friends who are helping me
extend the circulation of the two Jeffer
sonians: i
W. L. Hewett. Edwardsville. Ala.
Bud Hinton, Ruston. La.
C. E. Parker, Bainbridge. Ga.
Tames P. Teaugue, Ivy Log, Ga.
I. C. Killebrew. Newton, Ala.
Ben F. Kennedy, Chula, Ga.
L. A. Brake, Crawfordville, Ga.
(To be continued.)
LABOR LEADER’S FAREWELL.
(Continued from Page One.)
efforts to better the lot of humanity with that
favor, with* that grace he has given it in the
days that 1 have led you.”
Then the delegates passed in a long line
to shake hands with the man who had laid
aside their leadership, and tears were stream
ing down the cheeks of the most sturdy of
them, and Mr. Mitchell was equally moved.
Few could say more than “God bless you,”
and the man who was affectionately called
“John” could not risk a word in reply. A
spectacle like this must mean something.
It is not always recognized how difficult
is the material with which John Mitchell has
had to deal. They, represent bone and muscle
more than brains and restraint of thought and
action. They mean labor in its crudest form.
Since John Mitchell became the head of the
great union, conditions have been vastly im
proved in the mining regions, affecting the
homes of the minors and the outlook for their
children. Higher wages are paid and better
working conditions prevail, while, of course,
plenty of room remains for still further bet
terment in the surroundings of these laborers.
Air. Mitchell has not alone sought better phy
sical surroundings, but he has urged the men
to live cleaner lives, to provide better homes
for their families, to establish and maintain
schools, to observe the law, and to recognize
the rights of others.
Russia Disturbed.
The Russian Government is greatly dis
turbed by the attitude assumed by Fred D.
Fisher, the American Consul at Harbin, in the
matter of recognizing Russia’s jurisdiction in
Manchuria.
I ~ j
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns will be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing el e for s.'e. For rates
and information, address
HOME JOURNAL,
514 TMrd Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,