TOM WATSON.
There wag a time in the history of
American, journalism when the indi
vidual genius and ability of editors
made the paper great. Such is not
the case now, for there are but few
great journals or magazines whose
editors are -known beyond the precinct
of the office. In the great majority of
instances, editors are distinguished
and honored by their connection with
a great journal, rather than by im
pressing their individuality upon
them. There are, however, a few no
table exceptions, and among the most
conspicuous is Thos. E. Watson, edi
tor and proprietor of the two Jeffer
sonians. Tom Watson is, in our judg
ment, the greatest living American
editor and author. His diction and
style is elegant; his language is sim-
I pie, chaste and eloquent and at times
'beautiful and sublime; he is in the
broadest sense a scholar, and a man
of the most profound knowledge of
history, literature, political economy
and law; he possesses, in the highest
degree, the capacity for making un
erring metaphysical analysis of all
subjects with which he deals. But
above and beyond his genius and his
great ability is his sublime devotion
to the proletariat, his fidelity and his
unswerving adherence to honest con
victions. In these last qualities, and
as a statesman, and humanitarian, and
in point of true moral courage, he
ranks with the Gracchi, with Julius
Caesar, Luther, Jefferson and Lincoln.
Any one issue of either his weekly or
monthly Jeffersonian is worth the
cost of a year’s subscription. Every
American citizen seeking the truth
in matters pertaining to government
and all other questions of world in
terest should read one or both of the
Jeffersonians. This is not an adver
tisement, for money could not buy
the editorial columns of this paper. —
The Farmers Union Advocate and
Union Review.
THE RACE PROBLEM.
Athens, Ga.
To Hon. Thomas E. Watson,
Dear Sir; There has been a great
deal said and a great many remedies
offered, but to my mind it seems that
the subject has not been fairly treat
ed. You understand that every sound
has its rebound, and generally the
rebound is worse than the bound.
It was only a few years since that
a great educational cyclone hit this
country. You remember a great many
things said and done. I recall hear
ing one of those discussions eighteen
years ago by one of those Political
Jars. After addressing the white
voters he turned to the negroes and
said, “I want to say a few words to
you niggers. Do you not know that
we Democrats are educating you
niggers? Do you not know that we
are your best friends? Do you not
realize that we are feeding you by
giving you employment?” He went
on to say, “I tell you negroes, these
Pops are fooling you. They are try
ing to get your vote, but if they get
in power the next thing they will do
is to turn on you, and they won’t
leave a grease spot of you.” Os
course he was catering for their vote,
and of course they got ’em.
At this stage of the game the
rebound had not sounded, neither had
it occurred to their mind that it would
ever sound. The only thought was to
down the Pops.
Oh, that rebound! lam persuaded
that some of those fellows are getting
frightened at the sound of their own
language.
Just so long as the nigger was in
competition to the poor laboring
white man, they all hollered, 4‘Edu
cate 'em,” but now, since he is com
ing into competition with the lawyer,
the doctor, the post-master, post clerk
and collectors of customs houses, they
liaise a how] that can be heard from
Frisco to Japan.
Now 7 , we laboring folks say, “Edu
cate ’em.” Don’t stop with a mere
working education, but make lawyers
and doctors out of them.
Mr. Watson, please understand me.
I am a poor laboring white man. I
have been looking and listening for
someone in defense of this subject. I
am no writer, as this is my first at
tempt on a subject of this kind.
Please give ns something along this
line. Respectfully yours,
A. J. Watson.
Oconee iSt., Athens, Ga.
FOREIGN AND HOME MISSIONS.
Covington, Ga., March 15, 190 t.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.,
Dear Sir: I have *read with much
interest your articles on foreign mis
sions as published in the Jeffer
sonians.
'My church, the Presbyterian, is
endeavoring to raise a million dollars
for the cause of foreign missions.
I enclose you herewith circular
showing conditions in our own home
field, also a plea for $25,000 to help
give the gospel to our own race.
I believe in giving the gospel to
the heathen, but by what right do
we call ourselves a Christian nation
when out of ninety millions of people
we have only thirty millions who pro
fess to belong to any church?
I also believe in foreign missions.
But when w 7 e have in our own South
nearly three million white children
out of Sunday school, to say nothing
of the adults, and not even mention
ing the negroes, who are not in the
Sabbath school, I think it would be
a great deal wiser to raise the million
dollars for giving the gospel to those
at home and plead for the $25,000
for foreign work.
Yours truly,
L. D. King.
Ed. Note: The circular enclosed
shows that 2,688,622 white children of
the Southern States are “out of the
Sunday Schools.”
Two hundred thousand of these are
in Georgia, 152,000 are in Alabama,
166,000 are in Louisiana.
We may be gaining ground in China
but we are losing like blazes in these
United States.
Earliest Header. About ten days Earliest Flat ) THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
Fine, Medium Size. later than E. Jersey. Cabbage A large !
Excellent Shipper. A full size larger. yields and a good CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
* Delicious for Table. A Money Maker. shipper. /
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped C. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the mor.ey, thus adding to the cost of your plant?.
Prices F. O. B. Young’s-Island: 500 for <1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. ftIoCAU I.U.J c r*. 8 ,
V” Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. BOX YOUflg S ISian<l y 3, C. I
Jeffersonian
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to Bend 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling. They contain 6 Linen Dollies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroider*
Needles. All first-quality. We will send Farm News, the biggest little paper tn the
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
doilies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents In all. Either offer separately
If desired. Address FARM NEWS, 248 Washington St., Springs eld, O.
FreetoYou—My Sister Suffering From Woman’sAiiments
el am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
1 have found the cure.
I win mail, free of any charge, my hoow frtal
mint with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman's ailments. I want to tell all women about
this cure—yea, my reader, for yourself, your
daughter, your mother, or your sister. I want to
tell you how to cure yourselves at home with
out the help of a doctor. Men eamt understand
women's sufferings. What we women know from
tiperianea, we know better than any doctor. 1
know that my home treatment Is safe and sure
cure for Leucorrhaaa or Whitish discharges, Ulcaratloa, Ota
plaeaffiani or Falling of the Wonb, Frofwse. Scanty or Painful
Parioda, Utarino or Ovarian Tumor a, or Growths; olao palno la
head, back and bowels, bearing down feelings, narvooaneaa,
creeping feeling op the spins, nelanchely, desire to cry, hot
flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles whore caused
by weoknoesos peculiar to our sex.
I want to send you a complete ton day'a treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, it will cost you nothing to
give the treatment a complete trial; and. if you
wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week or lees than two cents a day. It
will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send mo your nemo and address, tell me how you
suffer if you wish, and I will send you the treatment foz your case, entirely free,in plain wrap*
per, by return mail. I will also send you froo of cost, my book—“WOMAN'S OWI MEDICAL ADVISER" with
explanatory Illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for horsolf. Then when the doctor says—
‘You must have an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
themselves with my home remedy. It cures oil old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always result* from
IvS IXB6.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all women's diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump and robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 432 - - South Bend, Ind., U. 8. A.
No Land So Rich That Fertilizer
Cannot Make It Better
You use fertilizers for the profit you get out of them—and the
better the land the more profitably a good fertilizer can be used on it.
Do not imagine because land will produce a fair crop without
Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers
that these fertilizers cannot be profitably used on it, or that they were
made only for land too poor to produce without them. If poor land
will show a normal increase when fertilizer is used, good land will
show at least double the increase. Use Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers
to increase the quality, as well as the quantity of the crop—and you
will increase the profits from your land.
“I have been using your fertilizers for a number of years” says
Mr. William Fraiser, of Glasburg, La.,“ andfind that it not only pays
to fertilize, but to do plenty of it, and use the best fertilizers to be
ha,d, such as your brands. I have used a number of them and found
them to be as recommended and to give better results than any other
fertilizers that I have ever used.”
Every planter and farmer should have a copy of the new 1909
Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year-Book. Get a free copy from your
fertilizer dealer, or write our nearest sales office.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond. Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S.C.
Columbia, S. C. fl Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. ' -U..'-’’ * Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. HHBmuMhHIHI Shreveport, La.
PAGE FIFTEEN