PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
Suddenly there rises the general cry against
the high prices of living. Strange that this
did not make itself heard be-
The Cost of
Living.
necessaries of life; but, as
usual, a nation negligently fails to “resist the
beginnings” of a vicious system, the outcome
of which is faithfully predicted by its patri
otic statesmen. Neither does it resist the en
croachments until the time arrives when the
burden of injustice can no longer be borne, and
national life preserved.
Oh, that men and women would only see, in
time! But, tinkering with sordid politics, the
voters allow iniquities to persist which throw
more and more families into the pauper class;
while the women busy themselves with church
guilds, pastor’s aid societies, etc., etc., all of
which are feeble palliatives which ought to
be unnecessary under fair economic condi
tions. For true charity, there will always be
place; but for that form of charity which
virtually says to the mine-owner, the cotton
mill magnate, the trust baron—destroy as
much prosperity as you can under our abomi
nable laws; reduce as many to penury as you
please; send youth to ruin, girls to the brothel,
the aged to the poorhouse, and we, the chari
tably disposed, will start soup kitchens, and
nurseries,where mothers can leave their babies
while they toil in the sweatshop or factory,
and “rescue” homes where the ruined victims
of the White Slave traffic can in one instance
out of a thousand be restored to a doubtful
usefulness, —the kindest thing to say of it is,
that it is misdirected energy; an energy that
does credit to the heart, but not to the head.
Glibly as we repeat the old adage in other
respects that “an ounce of prevention is worth
a pound of cure”, somehow it is never applied
to politics. With besotted folly the civilized
world transacts 95 per cent of its business
by the aid of paper —just paper,—in an
effort to get along in commercial life
at all; and yet the idea of creating money
out of paper is fought with frantic terror by
the millions whom sane currency would bene
fit. A crazed horse, rushing back to a burn
ing stable, is as reasonable a being as the
average man on the money question.
As for the Tariff—it goes on, breeding
Trusts and monopolies by the score, and then
we feebly talk of laws to “control” the “bad
trusts.” How ridiculous! How degrading
to intellect ! Is it better to destroy the germ
of disease, or wait until it breeds the disease
in the system, and then try to treat the pa
tient ?
It is high time that grown persons of both
sexes quit their selfish aims, and petty, futile
fads, and restored their country to a basis of
sound, equable prosperity. No industrial ac
tivity will avail, until the purchasing power
of the laborer’s dollar will be a dollar’s worth
of commodities instead of, as at present, about
an average of 25 cents’ worth of goods, with
prices continually decreasing the amount of
necessaries obtainable for the price.
While it is generally conceded, even by the
most conservative, that food is about 50 per
cent, higher than it was a few years ago, that
does not cover all the living expenses. Rent
has increased enormously in the cities, fuel
has increased more than 50 per cent., clothing
may be over 100 per cent. —certainly, on
woolens it is nearly 200 per cent., and the cor
porations which rule the towns tax the public
on gas, electricity, street-car service, telephone
service—everything.
One loses patience. When presumably in
telligent men talk weakly of “hard times”
and “good times”, both of which, in Amer
ica, are created at the will of a few other two-
fore the “downward revision”
put the schedules up on all the
Jeffersonian
legged animals, it is enough to make one won
der if they have real brains, or only putty
dented in the semblance of cerebral convolu
tions.
Quit it, good people. Business men, there
is nothing so sound, so conservative, so shrewd
as to make your little business safe from a
panic precipitated by a few Wall Street ma
nipulators. Don’t spend all your time seeing
if you can’t make one of your clerks do the
work of two, and saving a paltry salary at
the expense of a poor fellow; don’t throw all
your eloquence into advertising, but furn
some of it loose on your Congressional repre
sentative. Good ladies, don’t let Church and
society and clubs and bridge-whist consume
your entire energies. You know what it costs
to run the household—do you realize that that
excessive cost goes into the pocket of a few
rich men and women who wouldn’t let the
dust of their automobiles associate with you?
Arouse yourselves. Beat down the tariff wall,
and demand Constitutional money! You can
get anything you want, if you quit your in
ertia, timidity and frivolity.
So Mr. Taft has ignominiously “fired” Gif
ford Pinchot! His friends—his real friends,
not the bunch of reactionaries
scheming for their own ends—
could have seen him do few
things with more regret, and his
Taft and
Pinchot.
enemies could have been no more gratified.
As for the country at large, who accepted him
because they just naturally had to, and in a
purely non-partisan way hoped that his ad
ministration would be beneficial to the inter
ests of all the people, it feels amaze, commin
gled with a kind of consternation. It can not
be viewed, even by the most generous estimate,
as the act of a strong man asserting authority
over an obstreperous subordinate official, but
as an undeniable “line up” on the side of pure
prejudice. Mr. Pinchot’s record seems to
have been above reproach and his experi
enced, devoted service to the people, regard
less of party, has stamped him as a man of
strong, real statesmanship. What' Mr. Pin
chot is, bases itself firmly upon what he has
done. Service, not preference, has character
ized his aim throughout many years. That
he has lost the “job” for which he has not
only been peculiarly fit, but which he really
created by the irresistible force of his own
conviction and devotion, because he unspar
ingly criticized the upstarts of the Taft re
gime, hurts, not Mr. Pinchot, but Mr. Taft
and the malodorous cabinet with wdiich he
chose to surround himself.
So, Gifford Pinchot’s “usefulness has been
destroyed” has it? We will see about that.
Mr. Taft did not hesitate to defend Ballinger
on his Western tour, without looking into the
evidence, fully. He himself admitted it. He
now discharges Mr. Pinchot summarily, and
rudely, -while making the damning confession
that he -wants an investigation, and if “there
is anything in the situation he does not know,
he wants it to come out”. Pending this in
formation, it would have better become Mr.
Taft as a Judge if he had dealt with Glavis
and Pinchot in a different manner. Getting
rid of them officially by no means silences
their charges, and the public is fully per
suaded that they know what they are talking
about far more than Mr. Taft does. They’ve
been on the job quite awhile, you know, while
the genial William H. blew in very recently,
and has been so busy playing the “jolly King
Cole” that he really hasn’t had time to get
down to business.
In view of the investigation, and since Mr.
Pinchot has been dismissed, it would be emi
nently becoming for Richard Achilles Bal-
linger to resign, leaving a fair field. Mr. Taft
may hang on to his disreputable henchman,
but that won’t give him character in the esti
mation of the public, or of the better element
of Taft’s own party.
The vexed question of census enumerators
has at length been determined in a manner
Ce n sus- Ta KERS
in the South.
-threatened to involve it, al
though elements of difficulty will not be erad
icated so long as any negroes whatever are
employed in the work. The proposal to per
mit black enumerators to work among the ne
gro communities will undoubtedly result in at
least isolated instances of an attempt, on their
part, to interview white families, or cause a
complicated and unsatisfactory duplication of
enumerators for districts where one official
alone could cover the ground as well as two.
There being no real segregation of the races
either in town or country, it is easily seen that
a section in any city where the negroes live,
may also include a number of poor white fam
ilies and that no rural communities wholly
black can be found. The negro enumerator
will therefore be forced to do an incomplete
work, which will destroy to a considerable ex
tent the accuracy desired, and whether or not
his work will be done in a capable manner,
even among his own race, is a matter for
doubt. The plan is, on its face, a compromise
that tranquilizes the violent antagonism to
negro enumerators, though of dubious prac
ticability. Mr. Taft has also recommended
the employment of women, which, as has been
pointed out by The Jeffersonian, is emi
nently proper in the residence districts, where
the woman of the house must be called upon
for information much of which is exceedingly
personal.
The fight against allowing Joe Cannon to
name the Pinchot-Ballinger investigation
committee, shows what can
An Incident
of THE
Pinchot F ight.
verest jolts the old man ever received, and in
dicative of the end of Cannon. Os course,
eliminating one odious personality doesn’t de
stroy the vicious system, but it is a step in
that direction and thus to be hailed with ac
claim. If the deserting Democrats had been
men of spine, instead of cowardly sycophants,
Cannon would have been overruled, the tariff
would have been revised downward, and the
American people far better off at this good
moment than thev are.
«/
Just a passing incident, of course, but not
unworthy of remark. Not so very long ago a
silly girl, and her still more
The Fate of
Mrs. Gladys
Emery
Gunjiro Aoki.
place refused to tolerate the
degrading episode, but the girl rapturously
fled to the arms of the Oriental with the
aforesaid mother beaming benedictions. The
father of the girl, Archdeacon John Emery,
to his credit be it said, did all he could to kick
the yellow rascal out, and restore his wife
and daughter to their senses, but to no avail.
Result: there is a disgraced and heart-broken
wife, slinking back to the father whose coun
sel she defied, with a little mongrel baby in
her arms.
What ails some fool women, anyhow ?
Brought up in America where the sex is hon-
that will relieve the situa
tion of most of the embar
rassment that at one time
- ■ - .
be done to down that piece
of fossilized corruption
when the insurgents get to
gether. It is one of the se-
silly mother, determined
that she would marry, at all
hazards, a slant-eyed flun
ky, of San Francisco. That