TH E COUNTRY 'BOY IN THE WHITE HOUSE
* "Sy Mollie 'Elliott Sealvell.
The Boy of Hardin County, Ken
tucky.
Abraham Lincoln was, like so many
of his predecessors, born in a log
cabin.
It was in what was then —1809 —
Hardin county, Kentucky. His father
appears to have been a ne’er-do-well
-’-a jack-of-all-trades—and master of
none. His mother, Nancy Hanks, was
of much better character and under
standing than his father.
Probably no boy who ever lived had
a more miserable early childhood than
Abraham Lincoln. His melancholy,
deeply lined face was said to have
been equally melancholy when he was
a boy, and his mother was also said
to have a look of fixed sadness, which
seems natural enough when the hard
ships and privations through which
she passed are considered. Thomas
Lincoln, his father, seems to have
been totally unable to provide for his
family, from a mixture of laziness
and incapacity. Hard times were
chronic in the wretched cabin of
Thomas and Nancy Lincoln. There
were two children —Nancy and Abe —
and two more pinched and hungry,
shoeless and hatless children could
not be found anywhere.
When Abe was seven years old his
father concluded that as the world
was against him in Kentucky he
would move to Indiana; so down the
Ohio river went the patient mother
and the two half-starved children and
the shiftless, thriftless father. They
landed and went into the wilderness.
In the heart of the woods Thomas
Lincoln made a clearing. Here they
did not even have a log cabin. A
rough “lean-to,” thatched with straw
was their only shelter. They had no
furniture, except a rude bed made by
sticking up four posts in the ground,
a dresser and a few stools —all the
work of Thomas Lincoln, who had a
kit of tools and was at times a jack
leg carpenter. So in the midst of
want and cold and hardships of all
sorts passed the first winter in this
new home. The next year they were
better off for a shelter, Thomas Lin
coln having built a log cabin. But
meanwhile poor Nancy Lincoln had
dropped by the wayside. She died
when Abe was only nine years old.
Forlorn as had been the condition of
the little boy and girl before their
mother’s death, it was infinitely
worse when they were left to the
care of their father. It is said that
Thomas Lincoln was neglectful about
having Nancy Lincoln’s funeral ser
mon preached—a formality that
usually occurred some months after
the death of the person commemora
ted, and to omit which was considered
a peculiar breach of the frontier pro
prieties. But little Abe begged his
father to have this done, and was so
insistent and persistent that the slug
gish father was at last stirred to ac
tion, and poor Nancy Lincoln had her
funeral sermon like other respectable
dead people. The two children went
to school fitfully in a rude school that
was taught part of the year by a
teacher who undertook to teach read
ing, writing and arithmetic, but who
was not probably well qualified in any
of the three branches himself. Mean
while a change for the better was in
store for Abe and Nancy in rather an
unlooked-for way. Thomas Lincoln '
heard that an old sweetheart of his
was a w r ell-to-do widow, Mrs. John- ;
son, with three children.. Thereupon
Thomas spruced up and went courting
the widow, who lived across the Ohio
river. • Thomas represented himself
to be in much more flourishing cir
cumstances than he really was, and
after awhile the Widow Johnson
agreed to marry him and return to
Ohio with him. Along with her she
took her furniture, bedding and house
hold stuff generally, which was of
considerable value for those times, in
cluding a bureau which cost S4O and
was the wonder and envy of the coun
tryside. When the new Mrs. Lincoln
arrived at the log cabin she was con
siderably disgusted at the fraud that
had been practiced upon her; but, be
ing a woman of remarkable sense and
kindness, she set about to make the
best of her conditions.
The two poor little stepchildren
were for the first time in their lives
properly clothed and fed. The
widow’s furniture and her money
made the cabin comfortable, and
Thomas Lincoln was prodded into
more energy than he had ever shown .
in his life before.
The kindness of his stepmother
made an instant impression upon the
neglected boy. He conceived for her
a powerful attachment, and this fami
ly of two sets of children lived to
gether in the most perfect harmony.
Mrs. Lincoln had a son, John John
son, about the age of Abe, and the
two boys became as brothers. Mrs.
Lincoln, in her old age, after the
death of President Lincoln, said of
him: “I can say of him what scarce
ly one mother in a thousand can say
—Abe never gave me a cross word or
look, or ever refused, in word or look,
to do anything I told him. His mind
and mine—what little I had —seemed
to run together. He came to see me
after he was elected President” —•
here. the old lady broke down and
wept —but presently she continued:
“He was always dutiful to me; I
think he loved me truly. I had a son,
John, who was reared with Abe. Both
were good boys, but I must say, both
being now dead, that Abe was the
best boy I ever saw or ever expect to
see. ’ ’
From the time of his father’s sec
ond marriage Abe’s life underwent a
happy change. He had better chances
of education and became as good a
speller as Andrew Jackson was a bad
one. He worked, and worked hard, at
the roughest sort of labor, but all the
while he was devouring such books
as he could get hold of, and probably
never thought for a moment of lead
ing such a life always.
But although all of his boyhood
was not sad, he never forgot the
earliest and saddest part. Success
came with 'his manhood. He never
saw a town until 1828, when he went
to New Orleans on a trading trip.
Abraham Lincoln was a country boy
if ever there was one.
The Boy of Raleigh, N. C.
Os all the Presidents the boyhood
of Andrew Johnson presents the most
striking instance of perseverance un
surpassed by that of any boy that
ever lived.
This man, who became Governor of
Glje Jeffersonian
Tennessee, a member of Congress,
United States Senator, Vice President
and President, did not know his let
ters until he was fifteen years old, and
was taught to write by his wife after
he was a married man.
He was born in Raleigh, N. C., in
1808. But in those days Raleigh was
merely a straggling country town
where country ways and manners pre
vailed, so that he was practically a
country boy. He probably knew as
little of city life as Abraham Lin
coln. His father and mother were
poor and illiterate. His father lost
his life in a brave effort to save an
other man from drowning when An
drew was only four years old.
From the time the boy was ten
years old he had to work. He was
apprenticed to a tailor, and served his
time faithfully.
At fifteen this bright but ignorant
boy heard some one read aloud cer
tain speeches from an old collection
of such things called the “United
States Speaker.” His intellect seems
to have awakened with a bound. He
begged the journeymen tailors with
whom he worked to teach him his let
ters. This was all he asked of any
body. He pieced together the letters
and made words. This work was all
done at night, after a day of toil last
ing from sunrise to sunset.
When this tailor’s apprentice was a
Senator of the United States he was
reminded by a vulgar member of the
Senate of his tailor’s trade. To this
Andrew Johnson sensibly replied that
he acknowledged to have been a tai
lor, and owed no man a grudge for
reminding him of it, but that he would
resent it promptly if any man ac
cused him of not being a good tailor,
for when his hand was in he could
make as good a coat as any tailor in
the State of Tennessee.
At sixteen, having served his time,
he went to Lauren’s Court House, S.
C., and set up in the tailoring busi
ness for himself. He finally estab
lished himself at Greenville, Tenn.,
but he was a man and not a boy be
fore he learned from his wife how to
write.
The Boy of Georgetown, 0.
Ulysses S. Grant, who succeeded
Johnson, was born in the country
town of Georgetown, 0., in 1822,
where his father was a tanner and
farmer.
From his babyhood the boy was de
voted to horses, and at eight years of
age he drove his father’s wagons to
and from the tannery. But he dis
liked the tanyard, and preferred very
much working on the farm. At eleven
he could plow r as straight a furrow
as any grown man.
He was one of the boys who hated
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling, They contain 6 Linen Doilies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroidery
Needles. All first quality. We will send Farm News, the biggest little paper in tne
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
dollies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents in all. Either offer separately
if desired. Address FARM NEWS, 243- Washington St., Springfield, O.
ximn. <!* A HE mil I DDIMP Vnil tPOfl! To introduce ourlamous 6c. Cigars we otter FREE,
FDFFzfdk WILL DnllW lUU SZUi al lof the following: One $2 Stem Wind and Set FRFF®ff
• Niekel Wateh, One $lO Stem Wind and Bet Gold Filled, Engraved, Full Jeweled Watch,Case Guar- 8
anteed 20 Years and Movements Years and One Hollow Ground $3 Razor. Allweaskls IM
your consent to ship 100 “Straight se. Cigars” C. O. D. by express and allow full exaiuiua-
/-MiSl tion. We Include in the same package FREE, the two Watchesaud Razor described above.
IfMYvv /flw I* you conß,( ier the whole outfit worth 320.00 then pay the express agent |4.95 (less than /r/xll 12-
tho r * tall VBlu ® 01 ttle Cigars alone'land he will deliver you the whole lot, otherwise refuse is'fAn .
same and keep your money. We take all the risk. Return this ad. State if we must send iIII L , **
Ladles’ or Gents* watches. Name Express Office. G. 8. CIGAR HOUSE, WINSTON. N. C. ||■ 1
WARRANTED VA 8 —.
& r R ■ W
books and school. When the first
news of his appointment to a cadet
ship at West Point was announced to
him, Ulysses, who fondly imagined
that he was then done with books and
school, said: “I won’t go.” But his
father said: “I think you will,” and
Ulysses went.
He was a very steady, reliable boy,
but apparently fond of but two things
•—horses and fishing. Once when he
■was about ten years old he went
fishing, tumbled into the creek, and
was hauled out when more than half
drowned by another boy named Dan
iel Ammen, who is still living, a re
tired rear admiral in the United
States navy. Ulysses does not appear
to have had the true spirit of a horse
trader, because in his life, by W. O.
Stoddard, a story is told of the elder
Grant sending Ulysses when a boy to
dicker about a horse. He was di
rected to offer first S2O, then $22.50,
and if that was refused, then $25, the
man’s price. Ulysses obeyed instruc
tions by going to the man and saying
as follows: “My father told me to
offer you S2O for the horse, and if
you wouldn’t take that to offer $22.50,
and if you wouldn’t take that to give
you $25 and fetch the horse home!”
He got the horse, but he paid $25 for
him. This particular country boy
never saw a railroad until he went to
West Point in 1839.
The Boy of Delaware, O.
Rutherford B. Hayes was also born
in 1822 in Delaware, O. He was the
son of a prosperous farmer in Ohio
and had early advantages. He proba
bly did no farm work of any conse
quence, but he lived on the farm un
til he went to college at sixteen years
of age.
The Boy of Orange, O.
James Abram Garfield was born
upon an eighty-acre farm in Orange,
0., in 1831. His father died when
James was two years old.
The farm was not paid for and Mrs.
Garfield sold fifty acres in order to
pay for the remaining thirty and the
house. She gave of this thirty acres
enough ground for a schoolhouse,
where in the winter James and his
brothers went to school.
In the summer they worked on the
farm, James varying his occupation
by working as a carpenter’s assist
ant.
He was taken with the passion for
the sea that most boys have at one
time or another, and went away from
home to become a sailor on the great
lakes. A very slight glimpse of this
life cured him, and he partly worked
his way back home as a driver on the
towpath of a canal.
At IG, by hook or by crook, he man
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE FIVE