PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
THE VETERANS AT BIRMINGHAM.
The eyes of the entire south are now turned
to Birmingham. The old Veterans of the Con
federacy are assembled there in their annual
reunion. These meetings have the right-of
way over everything else that engages public
attention, because the cause they represent
is nearest to the hearts of the people. We
may be interested in business meetings, be
cause that is buisness. We may grow excited
over political meetings, because we are built
that way. We may be greatly pleased over
big social gatherings, because that is pleas
ure. But we are present in affection at the
reunion of the old Veterans because they are
the visible remnant of the Cause that is dearest
to the hearts of the people. So today there
is not a southerner who does not think of
Birmingham, of the men assembled there and
what that meeting represents.
Sorrow that struck the south when a few
weeks ago the sudden death under pathetic
circumstances of Gen. Stephen D. Lee was
announced, was rekindled today by the read
ing of his annual message. Looking forward
to this meeting his message was prepared, the
words of a wise commander careful of the
interests of his men and no less the affection
of a comrade for his old comrades in arms
expressed with touching eloquence. In this
message mention was made of that last
gathering in Birmingham fourteen years ago
when the gallant Gordon was with them and
many other comrades so dear to them, a
remembrance which brought tears to the eyes
which had not flinched when facing the
enemy’s guns, as they looked upon the empty
chair of him who wrote these words.
The choosing of a new commander-in-chief
will be one of the most important duties of
the meeting. The names of several officers
are mentioned, all of them most worthy to
fill this exalted position. There are many, not
only in Georgia but throughout the south, who
hope that this honor will fall upon General
Clement A. Evans of Georgia, one of the few
remaining generals of the southern army dis
tinguished for the service he rendered, and
whose modesty in pushing his claims in peace
is equal to the valor he displayed upon the
field of battle in war.
But whatever shall be done will meet the
approval of the people. For these old heroes
are the favorites of the southland, its dearest
pets, and what they do is right. May- their
gathering in Birmingham be to them the most
happy reunion they have
H*raid.
ANNIVERSARY OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
The southern people honored themselves by
paying tribute to the memory of Jefferson
Davis on the hundredth anniversary of his
birth. For the first time in many years in
some sections of this southland the truth —the
whole truth —v.’fts told about this marvellous
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
man. Grown men, whose fathers wore the
gray, and whose mothers ran the spinning
wheel and knitted socks for the boys at #the
front, were told things—glorious things—last
Wednesday about Jefferson Davis that they
had not heard before.
The southern people had almost quit talk
ing about Jefferson Davis. They spoke on
every occasion in extravagant praise of Lee
and Jackson and the private soldier, but the
name of Jefferson Davis was omitted lest it
should give offense to the northern brother,
whose anger flashed out at the mention of that
name like the fury of a mad bull at ths
appearance of a red flag. But, thank God,
on last Wednesday there was an awakening
of the sleeping sense of justice, and a rec
ognition of our obligation to the illustrious
head of and vicarious sufferer for, the ill
fated Confederacy. I have always entertained
great admiration for the character and ac
complishments of Jefferson Davis, but when I
read some of the wonderous words he uttered,
his heroic achievements on the field of battle
and his unparalleled career as a statesman and
private citizen, he became to me an intellect
ual colossus, and his contemporaries grew
smaller by the comparision. Without a doubt
he was the noblest Roman of them all and
though the sun of his career went down behind
a cloud of failure, from his great life the
American youth will find an inexhaustible
source of inspiration and an example worthy
of emulation and ineffable love. —Exchange.
TEMPERANCE IS SWEEPING THE
COUNTRY.
It is gratifying to note the rapid spread
of the temperance sentiment throughout this
republic. One by one the states are falling
into line and it will not be many years before
it will cover the entire continent. God speed
the moment when the world shall be redeemed
from the curse of drink. To close the saloon
does not prevent excessive drinking alto
gether, but it removes the greatest tempta
tion to drink and other kindred vices that
ever crossed the pathway of fallible man.
The saloon is an unmitigated curse, a sin
generating nuisance and ought to be abated.
Our sister state, Tennessee, is now engaged in
a desperate fight with the giant liquor traffic,
not only of the state of Tennessee, but the
United States.
God grant that the people may see the
wisdom and prudence of destroying this
hydra-beaded monster.. —The Issue.
. ; yin. .
There is as much difference in the wisdom
of a Legislature and the polities of a Legis
lature, as there is between a politician and a
statesman: the one is transient, the other is
permanent. W. J. Bryan is a politician, Tom
Watson is a statesman: the former manipu
lates the rabble, the latter leads the thought
ful. — Exchange.
NEGROES IN GOVERNMENT SERVICE.
The first colored girl to be employed in the
government bureau of engraving and printing
was appointed under President Harrison about
seventeen years ago. Today more than 200
colored girls are employed in that bureau.
The number of negroes holding government
jobs in Washington in 1892 was 2,397. In
1907 there were 2,785 of them. That is an
increase of just kbout 16 1-2 per cent. In the
same period the increase in the number of
white employee in Washington was only about
9 per cent.
The number of negroes taking the civil ser
vice examinations is constantly increasing.
Comparatively well educated negroes are per
fectly willing, indeed, glad, to take minor
clerkships under the government, places which
do not appeal to white men of ability for the
simple reason that the white man can do bet
ter.
In Washington one government employe in
every nine is colored, and the proportion is
constantly growing larger.
The negroes have one answer to any com
ments on their success in securing appoint
ments. They say: “We don’t owe anybody
any thanks. We take the same examinations
that the white folks do. If they don’t want
us to get the jobs let them put up a better
showing in the examinations.”
Why They are There.
All of which is perfectly true. The trouble
lies in the condition already pointed out--
that the best brains of the colored people are
contented with what the best brains of the
whites don’t want. As more and more ne
groes are educated the number that will turn
to government employment as the one field
where they are on an absolute industrial equal
ity with white workers is bound to go on in
creasing.
Most of the negro employes at the cap
ital fill minor places. They are laborers or
messengers, watchmen, elevator men and so
on. Seventy-five per cent of them receive less
tlian S9OO a year.
But there are 292 of them in the District
receiving more than SI,OOO a year, and some
of them get a good deal more than that. Ralph
W. Tyler, auditor for the navy at a salary of
$4,000, is a colored man. So are William T.
Vernon, register of the treasury, at $4,000;
Cyrus F. Adams, assistant register, at $2,500,
and John C. Dancy, recorded of deeds for the
District of Columbia, at $4,000 a year.
This office of recorder of deeds has been re
garded for years as a perquisite to be pre
sented to a negro politician, but it is no long
er the fat plum it once was. In 1892, when
the recorder was paid in fees, he scooped in
annual emoluments to the tune of SIB,OOO.
At the same time he had on his pay roll nine
teen negro clerks getting in fees from S4O to
SIOO a month. The places have since been
put on the salaried list.
Among government employes outside the
(Continued on Pajpe Fourteen.)