An Interesting Discussion on Tm
portant Affairs
In a letter written by W. T.,
(Democrat-Populist) a brother of
Senator La Follette, and who was
elected a Railroad Commissioner,
says, in substance, that they admit
Taft has gone with, or, rather, shown
his hand with the stand-patters. In
my judgment, he never was anything
else. You doubtless remember his
interview with Aldrich May 2, 1908,
in Allison’s cloak room. If I had
needed anything to convince me
(after I had met him when he came
to Soo Falls to visit, ostensibly, his
Yale chum, Senator Kittridge,) that
would have convinced me he was a
hypocrite. But, I cannot recall, eith
er in my memory of men I have met
or those of whom I have read, that
sincere men were ever continuously
wreathed in smiles. To me, from
the moment I could see Mr. Taft at
the formal introduction, I have had
an aversion to him. I do not be
lieve him sincere, and for any other
kind of man I have no use in the
world.
I cannot express to you the joy it
gave me to see that you are going to
write a history of the West and
South. May Heaven lend to you the
richest blessing of health while you
are doing it, and spare you for many
years to reap the reward of labor,
the righteous and much-needed la
bor that will be necessary. My
judgment may be somewhat swayed
by the fact that from the South came
the paternal line of my own ances
tors, and that some of them were
among those who fled the vengeance
of Tyron and took refuge among the
Cherokees, but when I consider the
treatment of the Alamance War com
pared with the Boston Massacre and
the absolute lack of mentioning it
in the average school history, I can
not help passing open criticism of
the writers even in the schools where
I teach. This has occurred several
times, and similar criticisms of men
and measures have brought down
upon my head the wrath of “the
powers that be”, locally, but I have
pursued the same course, in school
or in the newspaper work, and I am
perhaps too old now to mend my
ways very much.
I want you to accept my thanks,
notwithstanding my own misfortunes
in this regard, for the splendid ar
ticle on the Socialist view on mar
riage. It is the best I ever read; I be
lieve the best ever written. Though
my own life will never bear the fruit
it should have, my heart still yearns
for usefulness, and the one thing I
have never done is to betray the pub
lic. Would that the people could
awaken to an appreciation of the
great service you are doing your
country, and pour into your office a
half million subscriptions. Your
coming articles and history are
worthy of a million. Would it were
in my power to place a half or full
hundred thousand by my own ef
forts. Why is it:
“Who most deserves be slaves to
them who least,
And only fools and rascals go in
state”?
Can you tell why the farmers are
not DEMANDING that in the com
ing census report there shall be col
lected the facts regarding the per
cent, of soil-tillers who own the land
they cultivate? In 1860, it was, I
believe, 92 per cent., in 1890, 52 per
cent. Senator Pettigrew tried by
five different amendments to get the
item in the 1900 census and it was
voted down. Pops had won too many
adherents by the great economic
facts shown by the 1890 census.
.Tames J. Hill said last fall: “Land
without people is a wilderness; and
people without land are a mob.” I
believe it; and I would like to see
how near the mob we are approach
ing. I hope not to live till the mob
of “Caesar’s Column” come. We
have, it seems, about all the ele
ments necessary to bring about the
Street Scene in New York, which
Donnally depicts, with the Auto to
do the running-over act, instead of
the rich man’s carriage.
I hope to make on corn and cattle
this coming year, so that I can own
all the rest of Watson’s works next
year. I have “Bethany”, “Jefferson”
and “Napoleon”. J. A. ROSS.
Codell, Kansas.
Dr. Reemelin on Foreign
Missions
I am the concert, orchestra and
entertainment man of Clifton U. B.
Church of Cincinnati. We have spent
$13,000 and have a debt of SIO,OOO.
The man that started this building,
has two more in this country which
will most likely run the same course
that ours has. Ego and monumental
nerve launch such enterprises which
are detrimental to Christianity. The
problem is, how to get money out of
the poor to pay the interest on the
borrowed money. A halt should be
called on such doing.
I have corralled the music-loving
youth to the extent of an orchestra
of twenty-six performers and we
have aided through attracting peo
ple to our performance who paid ad
mission, thus swelling our cash re
ceipts.
Now conies H. A. Wheeler, the
field-secretary of Foreign Missions,
and says that the modern method of
Foreign Missions interests the men
and thus indirectly the church is
benefited numerically and financial
ly; he proved it by figures.
Last Monday evening I attended a
meeting in the Christian Association
rooms, having been appointed a lay
delegate on a committee to meet H.
A. Wheeler. His was a plausible
storj r and those present organized
temporarily to start a movement to
culminate in a convention of Prot
estants of Southern Ohio.
Wheeler is a slick citizen: he per
suaded those present to take up the
matter, without referring it to the
congregations, and had them author
ize him to engage a certain Mr. Por
ter, of New York State, as secretary
of the executive committee (a com
mittee to be elected in the near fu
ture) at a salary of $175 a month
(ha, ha!)
The bunch present were such easy
marks and let Wheeler have his
sweet will so nicely; he waxed bold
and wanted to load this temporary
committee down with SIOO worth of
literature. Knowing the temporary
chairman well, I sat wondering how
far he would let Wheeler have his
way; the SIOO brought him to his
feet and proceedings ended in ap
pointing a nominating committee to
nominate permanent officers. I an
nounced my intention to resign to
the pastor that appointed me, as I
am not, and never was, in favor of
modern mission methods. The ears
of GRAFT stick out plainly through
the cloak of charity; I can not coun
tenance their methods, they smack
so much of so-called “American
politics”.
Enclosed find order for $1 for the
weekly Jeffersonian, as my year is
up. Thanks to your uncovering some
of the rottenness of Foreign Mis
sions.
Keep on in the good work; I have
had great satisfaction in standing
up for the right, though repeatedly
told that I was committing political
suicide, as though every man in the
limelight of reform agitation is an
office-seeker. This is poor humani
ty’s idea of human nature. I am
glad this does not deter you. So let
them have it from the shoulder.
R. H. REEMELIN.
Cincinnati, Ohio.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist.
Address Publisher Humorist, St.
Louis, Mo. In ordering your read
ing matter, don’t fail to include the
Humorist.
GO ON THE STAGE!
VERNON SCHOOL, 3824 Vernon Ave., Chicago.
3effersoniart
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN'S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge or writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS- THEY ALL HAYE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded'an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 monthssl.so
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 monthsl.oo
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 monthsl.oo
Totals3.so
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
Dollar Bottle
i alfaßS YOU PAY NOTHING FOR IT W ILuIOIV
Dr. Rainey says: "My scientific formula
of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases ’p
and symptoms mentioned below—it’s the
most certain of all and there is no doubt 111 B
about this. Vitaline tablets are just irwir 1 • A
the treatment so many are looking IO IT A | g Jtqjwl
FILL
for, what they should have and must have ...
to be made strong, vigorous and healthy.
It makes no difference how weak you are com to get the bottle packed and
nor how long you have had your trouble, P°» ta s e - This is all you have
Vitaline tablets will easily overcome it-
they will not fail nor disappoint you. Wy’ffivA hottie without cost or obligation to
- prove what a wonderful remedy
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY- vitality* OSii wi> tali " e T £ blet * L re \k Ve k "°-n
Nervousness, Weakness, Twitching, Jerking, Ensily wnen .y° u have taken them you 11
Excite !, Wornout Feeling, Weak, .Aching Back Lack Ba V a glad heart that you have
of Strength. Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams’Poor last found the right medicine.
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. M ,VjF (3 Vitaline tablets act on the Vital Or-
QTHUAPU TRfllinl EC fain in Stomach, Loss STaI fflJs F. ans lhftt Penera'e vitality and create
Ol U MAU 11 I nUuDLLO— of Appetite, Dyspepsia aOS the n ‘ rvo force which makes one feel
Indigestion, Pad 'laste or Breath, Sick Headache. « strong, vigorous and healthy, equal to
Bloated, Heartburn, Sour Belchin", Spitting Up. I all tho duties and pleasures of robust
Catarrh, Gas, Gnawing, Nervousness. Strength and health. They give you
UFART Wl-A KM FRQ— Filtering, Skp'ning, Pal- BrSZ-J you so fast and completely you never
•ILHill IH-nMILvv pltatlon,Paini i Heart,Side gw*/ /fy know there was anything the matter,
or Shoulder Blade, Snort Breath, Weak, Sinking. • 'old Ej If fj Vitaline tablets am guaranteed by us un-
or Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing In derihe U. 8 Pure Food aud Drups Law bv
Excitement or Exertion. 4 Guarantee No. 8877. You never had any-
OATADDU Hawking, Spitting, Nose Running thing like thorn, combining their wonderful
UAI Annn— VVate yorYellowl h Matter or Stopped cur-ng a nd strengthening powers
Up, Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Z we send you our illustrated book, Vital-
Yalns in Kiii'ievs. Bladder. Lungs, Stomach or Bowels WiS&A > > . 1. *°u nave never seen one like it. Our
may be Catarrh. testimonials from people cured after ten to
forty years of doctoring will convince yon
DI flftD TDfii r r<l EQ General Debility .Paleness, of all we claim for Vitaline tablets.
DLUUU I nUW ULLv — Thin.Weak,Run-Down.Ner- .
vous, Ra'h, ores, Ulcers, Pimples,Chilly or Feverish, "•■■■■■■aawnas
Loss of Flesh and Strength. Exact size of Bottle containing 120 Vitaline tableta.
ENCLOSE IO CENTS INI ST A MPSsOR COIN? for
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. HI 152 Lake Street, Chicago. I enclose amount for nnntaga
and packing. Send at once by mail in plain package, SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets, without coat
or obligation to me.
NAME
ADDRESS ••<••••••••••••(««• •••«•••••••• •••••<••«••••••• •••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••»•••••••••••«•«*
PAGE SEVENTEEN