PAGE FOURTEEN
claim of 100,000 being present made by Mr. John
Grady does not seem excessive. o
This is a rare opportunity to present any great
public question, to a large number of thinking,
reading, serious voters of the United States. This
is an excellent chance to have both sides of a
proposition considered.
Several of the trunk line railroads have agreed
to post in their depots the program as soon as
completed. The lowest possible rate will be given
for this convention.
Thanking you in advance for a prompt re
sponse, I am, Yours very truly,
THOMAS L. CANNON,
Secretary-Manager.
March 16, 1910.
Mr. Thomas L. Cannon,
523 Commercial Building,
St. Louis, Mo.
Dear Sir: —It gives me pleasure to ac
knowledge the receipt of your letter inviting
me to address the Farmers’ Union National
Convention, which convenes May 2d, next. I
cheerfully accept the same, and suggest that
I be given one night instead of an appoint
ment for the daytime.
My subject will be, “The Agricultural
South and West Must Unite to Throw Off
the Shackles of New’ England.”
Yours truly, Tiios. E. Watson.
Best Speech Ever Made Against
the National Banking System
Without any intention of doing it, Senator
Owen, of Oklahoma, made the best speech
that has ever been hurled at our National
Banking System. It is brief, and you must
read it:
“Mr. OWEN. Mr. President, I was connected
with one of these banks, and am still, and I have
a great interest in it. We telegraphed our cor
respondent, just after that act was passed, pur
chasing $250,000 of these bonds. The currency
against these bonds, issued as the currency of
this particular bank, was used to pay for the pur
chase of the bonds, less a small item of premium;
and thereafter and since that time this bank has
bern receiving 2 per cent, on the bonds substan
tially without any investment whatever. The
bonds yield about one and a half per cent, net,
and as the national banks are getting the interest
on over seven hundred millions of bonds which
cost the banks nothing (or a negligible amount),
they have abused the confidence of their friends
in claiming to be buncoed. They can stand the
game if the American people can.”
The act of Congress referred to by Senator
Owen was that of 1900, “refunding the pub
lic debt.”
The system now allow s the pets to get the
bonds for nothing, and then pocket interest
on the nothing, to the extent of $700,000,000.
This “refunding” swindle has been worked
on the country so often, during and since the
Civil War. that the national bankers have
cleared billions of dollars on it.
When $800,000,000 of the notes of the Gov
ernment in circulation among the people as
money, were destroyed, and replaced by in
terest-bearing bonds, a stupendous crime
against humanity was committed; but it was
not blacker in moral turpitude than the act
of 1900. which gives the pets annual interest
on bonds to the amount of $700,000,000 rep
resenting practically no investment whatso
ever!
My friend. A. C. Howard, of Milan, Geor
gia, called my attention to the Owen speech,
on page 2716 of the Congressional Record.
Here Comes That Land Trust
Again
From the Atlanta Constitution of March
15, 1910. the following item is taken:
“By Smith Clayton.
“Hon. William Clifton, of Mclntosh county,
was in Atlanta yesterday. He never looked bet
ter —was never in a happier mood, and his many
Atlanta friends were glad to see him.
“He was so busy shaking hands with scores of
friends that I had difficulty in getting a little
talk with him about the great and growing sec
tion from which he hails.
“ ‘Many prospectors are looking for land upon
Kefprsonlan
which to raise Sea Island cotton,’ said Mr. Clif
ton. ‘I know of one man who was looking for
20,000 acres some time ago. I know of from
40,000 to 60,000 acres in my section that is good
land for the raising of this great long-staple cot
ton, and I firmly believe that all of this will be
utilized in time mainly for this purpose. This
land can be bought for from $3.50 to $6 an acre.
It lies in Mclntosh, Liberty and other counties in
my section of the State.’ ”
I know 7 the lion. Bill Clifton, myself; and
a cheerier soul does not live. He would not
knowingly tell a lie—unless he was in one of
those places which David had in mind when
he declared, “I said in my haste that all men
are liars.”
Sea Island cotton fetches fancy prices:
more than twice as much, generally, as the
common short staple grown throughout the
Cotton Belt.
Now, with that kind of land for sale, in
Georgia, at $3.50 per acre, don’t you think
the Land Trust howlers might quit ranting,
and buckle down to the business?
Snap Shots
How do you like it, when you see by the
papers, that your President has ambled along
in a. Catholic street-parade?
Could he not have shown his friendship
for the Irish in some better, more dignified
way?
All the Irish are not blind worshippers of
the dago Pappy. Even in Ireland, a large
percentage of the population detest those
Italian ecclesiastics who w r ant to rule the
w’orld.
* * * *
The depositions of Cardinal Gibbons were
taken the other day, in a court proceeding,
and he was exempted from the ceremony of
being sworn. They just took his word. So
far as I am aware, no Christian was ever be
fore excused from taking the customary oath,
before giving evidence as a witness in court.
Would a similar deference be paid to any
Protestant Bishop, in this country?
No.
* * * *
Here’s an item that you mav not have seen:
V t'
“Dublin, March 10.—The Lord Mayor of Dub
lin has received a public letter suggesting that
Dublin grant to Theodore Roosevelt the freedom
of the city as, the letter goes on to say, ‘he has
done more for the Irish people and the Catholics
in America than all his predecessors put to
gether.’ ”
The worst of it is, the Mayor of Dublin
stated the truth.
Wait till Taft serves as long as Roosevelt
did. however, and you’ll perhaps hear the
Catholics truthfully declare that the man
Wto surrendered to them so completely in the
Philippines did even more for the Pappycrats
that Roosevelt himself.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
The final struggle between Speaker Can
non and the insurgent Republicans as to
whether Cannon should continue to rule the
House, or the House rule itself, has ended.
Cannon and the regular Republicans have
been defeated, and the House will make its
own rules through a rules committee elected
by its members.
The fight began in earnest last Tuesday
when the Insurgents and Democrats succeed
ed in striking from the Legislative, Execu
tive and Judicial appropriation bill an item
providing for the keep, etc., of the Speaker’s
and Vice-President’s automobiles.
The following day, being “Calendar
Wednesday”, a day set aside for the consid
eration of certain routine business, the House
cannot take up other business except by a
two-thirds vote of the members.
Crumpacker, of Indiana, desired to intro
duce a minor amendment to the Census act,
and Cannon ruled that he could take up this
special business with the consent of the ma
jority, instead of the heretofore two-thirds
vote of the House.
The Insurgents saw their chance to follow
up their victory in the day before skirmish,
and they appealed to the House to overthrow
the Speaker’s decision.
A bitter and exciting debate followed, but
when the vote was taken, Cannon had been
overruled.
Then followed the Norris resolution which
brought about the crushing of Cannon’s
power.
The Norris resolution provides that the
House be ruled by a rules committee, consist
ing of six Republicans and four Democrats,
elected by the members of the House. That
the Speaker shall not be a member of that
committee, or have any power over the same.
This was a bold step for the Insurgent,
Norris, to take, but he showed his judgment
by attacking the enemy while he had him in
retreat.
The fight that followed was dramatic. Old
members say that no such scenes have been
witnessed in the House since the Civil War.
Every trick known to such tricksters as Can
non and Dalzell was used. Cannon himself,
took the floor and made a speech defending
his position. Pleas for party loyalty and
threats were made. Regular Republicans hid
out to keep a quorum from being present, and
when the Sergeantat-Arms was sent to arrest
them and bring them in, he was told to be
unable to find them.
One whole night the insurgent Republicans
and the Democrats waited at their posts try
ing to get a quorum present in order that a
vote might be taken on the Norris resolution.
Finally on Saturday, the 19th, a vote was
reached.
When the result was announced, the Norris
resolution had won, and Speaker Cannon was
defeated.
Under this new rule he will be a mere
figurehead, where before he has been a Czar.
He will have no power with the Rules Com
mittee, which he has heretofore ruled like a
despot. He will no longer be an able servant
of the corporations, with a policy of “the peo
ple be d—d”.
Cannon and Cannonism are ended. A new
regime has come into power and w’ell may the
people be thankful.
The curtain seems to have fallen on the po
litical career of one of the shrewdest old ras
cals this country has ever producd.
* * *
With the new crowd in power, and Cannon
out, the people will take new interest in wdiat
is going on in Washington.
The new order will produce new leaders,
and the political situation will become inter
esting again.
Men like Norris and Murdock, Cummins
and La Follette have gone forward too far to
go back with such men as Cannon and Al
drich.
Just what the new alignment will bring
forth, no one can accurately predict, but it is
sure to result in some good.
The insurgent Republicans are not confined
to one State, by any means, nor are they dis
obeying the wishes of their constituents in
overthrowing Speaker Cannon. They repre
sent a lot of progressive people who are
thinking for themselves, and demand a change
from present conditions.
It looks very much as if this is the begin
ning of a reform wave that will sweep the
country from one end to the other.
Ray Stannard Baker, and other observant
writers, attribute this spirit to the work done
by the People’s Party.
* * * *
Over in the Senate, the Aldrich end of the
Taft-Cannon-Aldrich combination has had
its troubles with the administration measures.
In opening the debate on Mr. Taft’s rail
road bill, Senator Cummins declared that a