age. At least one riddle was as old
as the days of chivalry. Suppose we
try some questions that will make us
think. For instance: Why do men
raise their hats in salute? Why do
we shake hands with the right hand?
Why do we use the word “Messrs.”
in addressing a firm? Why do flow
ers, like the evening glories or moon
flower, bloom only at night?)
JUST A BOY.
Dear Daddy Jim: —It seems to me
like the girls are taking up lots of
the room in the Post-Card Depart
ment, so I thought I would butt in.
I am a small boy, but I can do lots of
things. I can ride horseback and
drive up the cows, and help papa.
My papa is a farmer. And besides, I
can beat my big sister catching fish,
running a race, climbing trees, whist
ling, making a noise, eating pie, and
a whole lot more things. I don’t
know much about being sweet and
good, but I am just a little boy, and
it doesn’t make much difference. —
Your friend, Roy West, Centralia,
Mo.
(You’re a boy, all right. Make the
best of it while you are young. When
you grow up, the girls will boss you
—because you’re a boy—just a boy.)
HERE’S'ANOTHER BOY.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Here I come
for the first time. I am a little
North Georgia boy, and am thirteen
years old. Am in the sixth grade at
school. My teacher’s name is Prof.
Sam Carr; I like him fine. I take
The Jeffersonian and like it so much;
don’t think I could do without it
now. I live about one mile from the
school house. I, for one, am striving
for an education. I think every one
should have an education, that can.
I have a poor chance, for my father
was blind; and he died three years
ago. I have to help support my
HIS OUTFIT TODAY
$56.49 \
L- - - - 87.50
s ■ ■ ■ ■ 31,01 vV\
. PERFECT SATISFACTION at a great cash saving. They JL \
on all kinds of roads for six years and HAVE PROVEN to be equal to \ \
/; if you don’t think so when you see it, send it back collect and get every k $
fe delivery or refund every cent of money paid us. -r"i \
Sod panel boot; heavy storm Description of Our $7.49 Harness \ ( \ \ ) \ N. ) \ /
.c. 11 \ 1 / y \ I \ i
of shafts, $2.50 extra; both SADDLE—3-inch, single strap skirts, enamel leather \ I / \ I \ '
el 3 for extras. pad, fancy bound. \ j \ \ / / \ i \ (
I testimonial, coming to me SHAFT TUGS —%-inch, double and stitched, folded Gris- VM \\ I J t \ \|
lounty: fith girth, %-inch wrap straps. \\ , J ( 1 \ v
ifsugßy' thirteen S ’thx>usand „ . BREECHING-IK-lnch, (olded ’ /A-
- onlv one dollar for renairs %-inch turn back, buckle crupper, %-inch forked high / > *-> * /■
'new tires at a cost of about straps, %-inch breeching straps, %-inch tugs.
f th 1 fl t d f TRIMMINGS—NickeI, brass or Davis rubber trimmed No. 200 HARNESS
»W°MEANS, Ordinary, C ay ° saddle; buckles X. C. or japanned. Campbell Lock Stitch.
“Pike County, Ga.” Narrow Edge Creasing. Our Factory Price - - $ 7.49
Carrier, and purchased BRIDLE—%-inch, box loop cheeks, patent leather blinds, Wormlm. Rafail Prino i o
ifi>6. He has now purchased cup Qr square nickel or brass chaln frontß and roßettes , flat Regular Retail Price - . 12.50
y side rein or overcheck.
W LINES—%xI-inch, buckle end, black or fair hand parts.
HAMES —Iron, 3% lbs., 1-inch box loop tugs.
A TRACES—I-inch, double and stitched, raised. CATALOG COUPON
M eSte \ COLLAR —Black kip.
; —■■■
J flfll nr Al mm r mmnv flfi Golden Eagle Buggy co., Atlanta, Ga.
rt 111 li Ila 11 F Ill’ll ■ Il 11 11 11 I Illi Gentlemen:—Please mail me, postpaid, your free Catalog of Vehicles
and Harness.
156-166 Edgewood Avenue NAME
■ - Station 1 p. o STATE
irdcr Vehicle Factory ATLANTA, . . GEORGIA COUNTYR. F. D
mamma. As this is my first letter, I
will close by asking a riddle: Round
as a biscuit, yellow as gold; born be
fore Moses, never a month old. Tall
as your head; low as your feet; bit
ter as gall, and good to eat. With
much love to Daddy Jim, I will close.
—Will Dobson, Rockyface, Ga.
(Going to school and being taught
does not make an education. Read
everything, good and bad; and don’t
take things for granted, just because
you see them in books. Keep an
open mind. Be tolerant. Remember
that no one is infallible—not even
the youngest of us.)
THE GENTLEMAN FROM INDIANA
Dear Daddy Jim: —Will you please
sit a little closer together and let a
little Hoosier boy in the ring? My
Grandpa takes The Jeffersonian. He
has one of Mr. Watson’s knives, and
thinks it is grand; he calls it his
Sunday knife. I am eleven years
old. Am in the fifth grade. My
teacher’s name is Miss Agnes Cox. I
w r alk one-half mile to school. I will
close for this time. .If I see this in
print I will come again. Guess:
Sometimes I am round like a large
silver ball; sometimes I am crescent
shape, then I look small; and some
times you look, you can’t see me at
all. —Your little friend, Rush Wil
son, Bicknell, Ind.
(You can get one of the Watson
knives, if you will send one yearly
subscriber, or five subscribers for
three months each.)
WANTS A CHANGE.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l have tried
many times to write to the Post-Card
Club, as I have never seen a single
letter from Lincoln county; so close
to McDuffie , the home of our honor
ed editor. My father and mother
think Mr. Watson is a very, very
great man. Mamma grabs The Jes-
□efferson.tan
fersonian the very minute it arrives.
My oldest sister’s middle name is
Watson. I have a first cousin that
has Air. Watson’s full name; also
some of my school mates have his
name. Therefore, you all know Mr.
Watson is greatly admired. My
father had a great People’s Party
float made, and furnished the team
and driver for it, in 1892-3, in which
time the Watson campaign was very
hot. Os course, I wasn’t in exist
ence then, as I am only ten years
old. I imagine I would like to see
Mr. Watson, as I have heard he is
red-headed and freckled-faced. I do
think they are both pretty. I have a
lot of relatives in Columbia and Mc-
Duffie, andin Thomson, that are red
headed and freckled-faced. Well,
Daddy Jim, I can’t imagine at all
how you look; can’t you tell us? I
just feel like you are on the grandpa
order, as Jim always sounds old. I
have a brother Jim myself. He is
spending tonight in Thomson. The
children have been making a display
of riddles for quite a while. Sup
pose we change to something else;
and leave it to Mr. Watson for a sub
ject. I must close.—Your new
comer, Salena Moore, Double
Branches, Ga.
(If you will read the Sunny South
Brotherhood in this w r eek’s paper,
you will see where the boys and girls
can find a new subject for their let
ters. Let me know what you think
about it.—Daddy Jim.)
LITTLE ALABAMA GIRL.
Deai- Daddy Jim:—Here comes a
little Alabama girl, twelve years old.
Papa takes The Jeffersonian, and
brother the Magazine. I will answer
Delia Coggin’s riddle: It is a water
melon. Let me ask one: As I went
up the rocky branch, there sat old
grizzly gray; I ate his meat and
drank his blood, and threw his skin
away. Let me ask a Bible question:
Who was Melchisedec? I will an-
swer Willie Hutchinson’s questions:
(1) Christ fasted forty days and
nights. (2) He was twenty-five
years old. So, with best wishes to
Mr. Watson and the Jeffersonians,
your friend, Georgie Keller, Eva,
Ala., Rt. 1.
THE WASTE BASKET BUGABOO.
Dear Daddy Jim:—My papa takes
The Jeffersonian and Magazine. I
enjoy reading the Post-Card Club. I
like Mr. Watson. lam a little boy,
thirteen years of age. lam going to
school. Aly teacher’s name is Prof.
Collins. I have two brothers and
one sister. We have sixty-two schol
ars on roll. I think the answer to
Lee Ware’s riddle is an egg. I will
ask a riddle: King Rocky built a
ship, and in that ship his sister sat,
and. I am to blame for telling her
name, and I have told it three times.
To the first one that answers this I
will send a post-card. I hope to see
this in print. I will close, as this is
my first attempt, and I am getting
afraid of the w r aste basket. —Your
cousin, Frank Stubbs, Wellston, Ga.,
Route 1.
WHAT IS IT?
Dear Daddy Jim:—Here comes a
little Grady county girl to join your
happy band. Igo to school, and my
teacher’s name is Air. Cook. I like
him very much. Papa takes The Jef
fersonian, and brother takes it, too.
I like to read the children’s page.
Papa thinks that Air. Watson is the
greatest man in the world, and I
think so, too. I have light hair, light
complexion, blue eyes, and w r eigh one
hundred pounds. My papa is a farm
er. I hope this does not reach the
waste basket. I will close by asking
some riddles: What is more beautiful
when the head is off, than w r hen it is
on? I will close w’ith best w’ishes to
the Jeffersonians.—Lucy Terrell,
Cairo, Ga.
Send us names for sample copies.
We will do the rest.
PAGE ELEVEN