|he State. As to house and lot servants,
it is almost impossible to keep up any
thing like a supply. Yet every town has
is swarm of loafers —men and women
who cannot be persuaded to go to work.
, Mr. Hunter puts Florida down on his
list, and alleges that she has 45,000 men
arid women who are not at work. Possi
bly ; —but the work is there, all the same,
and they won’t take it. There isn’t a
rr.an, woman, boy or girl in Florida who
cannot have all the work wanted, at this
very time, at splendid wages. I am fa
miliar with conditions there and I know
this to be true. Why, Florida is clamor
ous for more labor. One of the largest
ard most successful tomato growers of
the state told me, a few days ago, that
he would not be able to gather more
than two-thirds of his crop. “Can’t get
the labor,” he said.
The commonest negro who is unable to
work with any but the common farm tools
gets his S3O per month and rations. Any
‘boy who can pack tomatoes or oranges
for shipment will earn from $1.50 to $3
per day. If labor could be had, the 12,000
acres of muck land in the Everglades,
which have just been won from the saw
grass marsh by the magnificent drainage
work of Governor Broward, could find
eager buyers and would employ at least
20,000 men.
It is hardly an exaggeration to, say that
by the time Governor Broward’s plans
are fully executed, the whole number of
those who are represented by Mr. Hunter
as being unwillinglv idle can find all the
work thev can say Grace over in the re
deemed Everglades of Florida, for there
will be about 5,000,000 acres of the rich
est land on earth drained of the surplus
water and thrown open to the industrious.
But, of course, we cannot carry the
Everglades to New York. Mr. Hunter
must prevail upon his New York idle to
go to the Everglades.
Can he do it?
That, after all, is the rub.
•e w «
The President Should Consult James
Dick Gray.
The newspapers announce that Presi
dent Roosevelt threatens to call an ex
tra session of Congress unless that gang
gets down to work and passes those meas
ures to which the President stands com
mitted.
Has Mr. Roosevelt consulted Mr.
James Dick Gray of Atlanta upon this
momentous matter? If not, let him
beware. J. Dick denounces extra-ses
sions as “foolish,” and surely even an im
petuous reformer * like Roosevelt will
think twice before adopting a policy
which lies in the deep shadow of the
Dick Gray frown.
The President should study the reform
record in Georgia and learn therefrom
that when the Legislature refuses to do
what the Governor and his party prom
ised, the remedy is to wait patiently,
make a few speeches on Education and
Forestry, ride about on a free train and
teach the farmers how to farm, then
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
enter upon another heated campaign for
re-election repeating those promises
which might have been redeemed at an
extra session of the Legislature, LAST
YEAR.
If the President is not too firmly com
mitted, we trust that he will yet consult
Mr. J. Dick Gray before doing anything
so “foolish” as calling an extra session.
M
Jlaking a Farm in the Fberglades.
How many centuries have gone by with
their woes and wars, their national
wrecks and their individual tragedies,
since some convulsion of nature either
sunk the Everglades beneath the water,
or raised them above the reach of the
tides of the sea? This weird region of
mystery and desolation looks today very
much as it may have looked on that guilty
day when Helen fled with Paris, and so
brought on the Ten Years War of Troy.
To the human race, these millions of
acres of submerged lands were worthless.
Saw-grass, unfit for any earth’y purpose,
covered the waste.
As nature had left it, this region was a
dismal, God-forgotten desert, —fit place
for the wanderings of lost souls.
But man cbmes along, after many ages
had passed, and conceives the idea of
draining this submerged world. He be
lieves that the soil, underneath the water,
is capable of producing the richest crops.
He believes that in this warm climate the
soil of the Everglades will grow sugar
cane, as well as tomatoes, Irish potatoes
and other profitable crops.
By dint of perseverance and pluck, the
drainage of the overflowed land at length
begins. Governor N. B. Broward takes
personal supervision of the matter, direct -
ing the construction of huge dredges, hav
ing careful surveys made, selecting the
right men to manage, as w r ell as the best
route to take. Two years ago, the canals
were started, and the water was no sooner
drawn off from the land at the mouth
of the canal than human industry began
to make farms.
Socialists who furiously deny that hu
man labor makes a farm, in precisely the
same sense that human labor makes a
chair, or a pair of shoes, ought by all
means to visit the Everglades. There
they can witness the process by which
human labor takes raw material and
makes a farm, in exactly the same sense
that human labor takes the hide off a dead
cow and makes shoes, or takes white-oak
splits and makes chairs, or takes timber
out of the woods and makes a house.
Human labor having drained the water
off this saw grass marsh, what is left?
Saw grass. If nothing more be done, the
water might as well have stayed where it
was, and where it had been for ages.
But human labor again gets busy. The
saw-grass is cut with a blade, and then
burnt off. What remains? Bare land,
which will “put up” in saw grass again,
and be as worthless as ever. Human labor
goes a step further. It takes a hoe, —for a
horse cannot stand on this muck, as yet —
and trenches out a furrow, over which a
seed bed is built up with the hoe. By the
time the bed is guanoed and planted, and
the crop is growing off luxuriantly, suc
cessive workings with the hoe, have made
the last of the stubble between the beds
and you have a lovely farm, the crea
tion of human labor; bearing a crop of
tomatoes worth anywhere from SSOO to
SI,OOO to the acre. In labor and fertilizer
and amount paid to the State for the wild
land, this farm has cost the owner about
SIOO per acre.
Whose property should it be?
Will you confiscate the title of the
workman who made that farm? “Yes,”
shouts the Socialist. “That farm belongs
to Society. It is wrong to allow it to
remain the individual property of the man
whose labor made it.”
“No,” sternly answers The Jeffersonian
Democrat. “Society did not make that
farm. Nature did not make it. God did
not make it. The individual worker made
that farm and, by every dictate of com
mon sense and justice, it is his. . Let
him keep it. and let the envious Socialist
go and make him one just like it, if he
is so very anxious to have one.”
M M
A National Outrage and Disgrace.
I would to God that it were in my
power to show up the enormity of the
crime of the Steel Trust against the vic
tims who are entrapped in its Tariff-made
monopoly 1
The newspapers of the day announce
that the arrogant Gary, chief of the Trust,
declares that there is to. be no reduction
in the prices of the articles sold by the
Trust. Why should he reduce prices in
the United States? In Europe, indeed,
he varies the prices as competition varies.
In England, he lowers his figures until
English mills are left behind. In South
America, in Japan; in China, where com
petition is met, prices are fixed accord
ingly. But in the United States our
damnable Tariff wall encloses the market
so that European mills cannot come in
to compete, and the consequence is that
our Steel Trust makes us pay what it
pleases. Axes, hoes, chains, plows, iron
and steel manufactures of all sorts, are
marked up and kept up, until the robber
Trust can clear net profits of $160,000,000
per year.
Reduce these profits? Os course not.
Why should the Trust reduce prices? The
victims do not complain. The eel does
not even wriggle as it is being skinned.
In fact, the eel does not seem to know
that it is being skinned.
The President does not say a word
against the Steel Trust. Congress lifts
no finger against the monster. States
are not barring it out as they are doing
with Standard Oil. Night Riders are
not on the war-path against it, as they
are against the Tobacco Trust.
Yet a robbery of $160,000,000 per an
num is a mighty fact. And it is a rob
bery.
When the Trust crosses the ocean with
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE