PAGE FOUR
The following remarkable letter be
comes doubly interesting when the age
of our correspondent is considered:
Valparaiso, Ind., Jan. 17, 1909.
Dear Friends: I read the article of
Sallie T. Parrish in the laM issue of
the Jeffersonian. She wants to know
as to whether or not mythology should
be taught to children or not. It is
said that the ancient Athenians were
as far ahead of us in education and
culture as we are above the common
colored man. I want to know the
cause of the Hellenic civilization if it
wasn’t their mythology. The people
of Attica were taught the tales and
legends of their race before reaching
the age of seven. They were then
considered ready foi school.
I consider mythology as a good
foundation to begin on, as it produces
a vivid imagination and a good mem
ory. She said that the preacher said
that animals couldn’t talk. Now the
children when reading the Bible (if
ever) might come across Balaam’s
ass and they wouldn’t know how to
account for that unless the poor ani
mal swallowed a phonograph. In my
opinion stories like Andersen’s Fairy
Tales, Arabian Nights, Age of Fable,
Mother Goose, etc., are the very best
books that a child could read. (They
might help to understand Bible mira
cles.) I don’t consider that Henty, or
Tip Tops, or things like that would
benefit everybody though children
ought not to be taught the Bible until
they are 10 or 12 years old, as it in
cites bloodshed, theft, and despotism
in one of tender years, if not rightly
understood. Respectfully vours,
JOE THORN.
(Aged 16.)
(Had better keep rich men in
church, as you can’t run one on
brains.)
Mr. Thorn gives evidence of original
thinking and that promises well for
his future career, which the Jefferso
nian will watch with interest, if given
an opportunity. Incidentally, we
would like to know what methods Mrs.
Thorn pursued which made her son in
tellectually so free and so thoughtful
at an age when most 16-year-old boys
are intent upon nothing more scholas
tic than baseball. For it is not so
much what is taught—fact, legend, or
whatnot —that is the corner-stone of
character, as the creation and foster
ing of the ability to think.
What we shall teach the children
is a very important question, but what
we should refrain from touching upon
at all is even more so. Many, in their
sense of deep responsibility, become
over-earnest in a desire to implant
beliefs rather than inspiring investiga
tion. Our favorite legends are not
taught as serious truths, and the man
or woman is rare indeed who would
profess to have been harmed by San
ta Claus or a fairy tale, but the cus
tom of instilling dogma in still too
prevalent. No beautiful thing can
harm the young mind, but brutal facts
and cruel creeds have slain the hap
piness of many a small creature.
Merely in order to save ourselves the
trouble of tedious eorrect’oii, we have
no right to tell a child that God does
Under The Vine and Tig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
not love him if he does wrong, or that
he will be consigned to the flames.
The father or mother who tells a child
that is guilty of a gross lie, because
they know they themselves love the
child, bad or good, and would save it
at any cost from suffering; and they
are giving to the baby mind a vision
of some demon, not a God of love and
goodness.
Why do some people consider it
necessary to talk of death, the grave
and everlasting punishment? These
things can not but be blighting and
certainly a little child should be train
ed to do right without conjuring up
horrid pictures in his mind.
There can be no absolute rule as to
what stories may be_told the little
ones, or what the older children should
read. An instinctive refinement will
select the pleasant fairy tales, the folk
WOMANHOOD
By ‘Brian Hooker.
Love to a lady said that kneeled before him,
Fain of his light and his glory fain:
“Who ask of Love must manifold restore him
For little joy, long pain.”
Swiftly she answered: “Lord, put forth thy power:”
(Oh and the wonder of her lips and eyes!)
“Let me know all. So I but have mine hour,
What matter for the price?”
Love laughed and blest her, saying: “The full measure
Os all my sweet I give thee utterly;
And in thy pain a joy beyond all pleasure,
Seeing it comes of me.”
—Harper’s Magazine (February).
lore and animal stories such as will
lead the young to observe more closely
and to deal more kindly with their
fellows and with the brute creation,
just as certainly as it will reject those
Gradgrind facts of life and death
which would only oppress and injure
the. immature mind, and those parts
of the Bible and other books which
treat of war and rapine. To avoid
brutalizing or enslaving the mind
should ever be the end in view, not
the adoption of any set list of books
or authors. The sweet old myths that
are dropped with the passing of the
years, without any painful effort to
unlearn, can not be wrong and the im
agination needs its food as much as
does the reasoning faculty. There is
no fountain of youth save in retain
ing the ideals and the world has al
ways owed more to those mystics who
are able to see a little beyond the vale,
as to the duller, so-called more prac
tical, to whom comes neither Voice
nor Vision. Children may get as
much out of their unreal world, as we
do from ours, and be as much bene
fitted. We do not believe perhaps
there was a Round Table or an Holy
Grail, and yet few facts would cause
us to feel the thrill, half pleasure and
half pain, wrought of the beautiful
fable; and who does not, in spirit, cry
with Galahad: “But I, Sir Arthur,
saw the Holy Grail, I saw the Holy
Grail and heard a cry—‘O Galahad,
and 0 Galahad, follow me.’ ” It
3e|'fersonian
would be a little selfish, I think, to
keep our poetry and rob the children
of theirs.
And, above all, if the next genera
tion is to be intellectually and spirit
ually free, the present one must drive
out every debasing superstition,
whether it masquerade under the
guise of piety or not. When there is
real concern over the harmless myths,
and none over the various • forms of
charlatanism to which adults suc
cumb, —such as the continued belief
that effects can come without causes,
that there are magic cure-alls, that one
religious denomination is infallible
and all others devoid of truth or vir
tue, that the word of priest or preach
er is necessarily law and gospel sim
ply because he is such —it seems to
me pedagogues are straining at gnats
and swallowing camels.
LOOKS LIKE THE WOMEN ARE
AFTER US.
We men folks better wake up.
We better stop denouncing Wall
street; roasting the trusts; jawing
about the railroads; fussing about
Aldrich and Morgan and cussing con
gress in general and Cannon in par
ticular.
We better get together, hire a good
publicity bureau and get out a full
line of stories for our friendly news
papers to print. These stories ought
to tell of the kindliness, generosity,
courtesy and gentleness of he-folks.
That’s what a trust does when it
sees it is about to be muck-raked, and
unless all signs fail the women are
going to give us a dose that will make
T. Lawson’s stuff read like an as
tronomical society’s year-book.
Roosevelt started the whole busi
ness.
He sent out that “Farm Commis
sion” outfit to find out what was the
matter with farm life. And instead
of asking the men folks and letting it
go at that, they asked the women a
lot of questions—enough to get them
all stirred up.
The farmers’ wives said that the
greatest trouble was the men folks,
and you and your wives read about it
and laughed.
But just wait. Wait until your wife
thinks it over a bit and then your
turn will come. For haven’t you been
doing by her about as the farmer has
done by his wife?
This is what the farmers’ women
folks have said:
“Father won’t let a horse work as
many hours as he lets mother.”
“Father has all the new-fangled
machinery and won’t let mother have
even a carpet sweeper.”
“Father has what hired help he
needs in rush times; mother never has
any help.”
“I saved egg money five years to
buy a sewing machine and my hus
band bought a new fodder cutter in
stead.”
“I walked up and down the cellar
stairs ten times a day for eleven
years. I saved the cost of a dumb
waiter and my husband took the
money to buy a new sulky plow.”
“Not a cent is saved for books or
amusements to give my brain some
food.”
“My husband never pretends that I
am a partner In our family. I am
merely one of the farm animals. I
am valuable for the work I do.”
“My self-respect would grow if my
husband and the boys would show me
the respect due a woman. If they
would take off their hats in the house,
speak often and civilly to me, treat
me like an equal instead of a ser
vant. ’ ’
We men folks read it and we said:
1 I Just like a farmer. They are mean
er’n the trusts.”
But are we any better? Change the
environment a bit and don’t we treat
our womankind about the same?
Just now it’s funny to see the
farmer writhing, on the grill, but when
our women folks come to appreciate
the rich brown crust that Mrs.
Farmer is panning upon her husband
—and why—then our turn will come.
And it won’t be funny when our
women folks begin honestly to com
pare notes on our domestic cussed
nesses.
We better prepare for the storm,
for one is brewing.
We better hire a press agent.—
Louisville Herald.
♦
Caramel Cake —Two cups sugar, one
cup butter, one cup milk, one and one
half cups flour, one cup corn-starch,
seven egg whites, one teaspoonful ex
tract vanilla, two teaspoonfuls baking
powder. Cream sugar and butter; add
milk, flavoring extract, with flour,
cornstarch and baking powder thor
oughly sifted together, white of eggs
whipped to a stiff froth. Bake in lay
ers.
EGQS FOR HATCHING
From Buff Orpingtons and Buff Rocks.
Eggs $3.00 per 15, $5.00 per 30. Sat
isfaction guaranteed. Will give one
year’s subscription to Reliable Poultry
Journal with each order. H. J. KING,
Commerce, Ga.
This ELEGANT Watch $3 AS
Hunting case beautifully engraved, gold finished througb
out,thin model, stem wind and stem set. fitted with a rich
ly i eweled movement guaranteed 20 years, with long
’ '-'SiS K old P l **® 4 chain for ladles or vest chain for rents
IF YOU SEE 1T YOU WILL BUY IT
Let us send 11C. O. D. by express for your examl
nation and If you think It a bargain and equal in
appearance to any *15.00 gold filled watch pay the
fBasMWwR«KS|f “P”« 8 a * ent our a P® clal "ample price *3 50 and
express charges and it Is yours. Our 20year guaran-
BSllWgjSfegf j jay tee and chain sent with each watch. Send your name
’SSK its db ■ p° Bt °® ce " nd express office address.mentlon if you
wish Gents or Ladles else and we will sand at onoa.
i’.FARI’IfK, A22, 235Deart)ornSt.<'hieago,Iil.