PAGE SIX
UNION DEPARTMENT
HORTICULTURAL HINTS.
Pear blight and peach yellow are two se
rious obstacles to fruit growing.
Nut .trees are more profitable and just as
ornamental as oaks and other popular shade
trees.
In setting trees, pack the soil firmly around
the roots, from the bottom to the top, and not
at the top only.
All highly colored fruit is not first-class,
but is always better than the poorly colored
fruit of the same kind.
High grass and weeds is a fine place in an
orchard for rabbits and mice, but it is a poor
place for young trees.
Proper cultivation and fertilization will not
'no-t only affect the size of the fruit, but it will
largely affect the color and flavor.
A distinctive name for an estate is much to
be preferred to the present system of desig
nating by section, township and range num
bers.
The wild goose plum, once so popular, has
grown into disfavor because it sprouts so
badly from the roots. There is now fruit of
a much better quality.
It is evident that some cannot work as well
for others as they can for themselves. These
should own their own lands as soon
as possible. Others should never attempt to
work for themselves.
Large pear orchards are being set in the
Ozark regions of Arkansas and Missouri. They
•are owned by capitalists who live in the cities
and employ managers to take care of their
pear trees.
Many inexperienced people seem to think
that just any old way will do for setting out
trees, planting bulbs and vines. Tn conse
quence many trees die, or do not grow much,
and many seeds and bulbs rot in the ground.
Cold storage is a success as far as apples
are concerned. After having been in storage
for a year, they were taken out in perfect
condition and exhibited at Jamestown Expo
sition, and formed a part of the Missouri
exhibit.
Two very important things are to be ob
served in transplanting trees —one is that the
balance between the root and the top be in
the right proportion, and the other is that the
roots have plenty of soil, well-packed, and
well-drained, in which to start. —Texas Farm
er.
FROM NATIONAL CO-OPERATOR.
We judge a tree by its fruits. This is
scriptural and therefore it is the very essence
of truth and good sense. If a man points out
to you a peach or an apple tree in your or
chard and tells you the tree is worthless,
that it will not bear good fruit nor much of a
yield, but if year by year that tree goes on
budding and blooming in season and at the
right time bringing forth rich, luscious peach
es or mellow delicious apples, as the case may
be, you will wisely judge the tree by its
fruits and not by what this man has told you,
or listen to similar tales from other people.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
In other words, be just to the tree and judge
it by what it shows for itself, not by what
people say.
Did you ever see a well drilled, well disci
plined military company go through the drill?
The movements were all in perfect rhythm and
cadence and the men moved like machines, ev
ery one doing the some thing exactly at the
same time. On another part of the field a
company of raw recruits were being taught
the elementary principles of the drill. They
were as awkward as hogs on ice. Every man
was acting for himself, no harmony, no con
cert of movement. This is exactly the way
it is in any organization. There must be unity
of action, harmony of sentiment, oneness of
purpose, otherwise confusion and failure re
sult. The Fanners’ Union, when it becomes
like the well drilled '-company, each member
understanding the principles of the Order;
each member keeping in mind the obligations
he has solemnly taken, and each one living
strictly and entirely up to these principles
and obligations, will win everything we
undertake to do. Can we not do this?
HOLDING THE COTTON.
The Farmers’ Educational and Co-opera
tive Union of America has completed arrange
ments whereby it plans to hold what now re
mains of last year's coton crop until the price
it desires is paid. Such an attempt a few
years ago would doubtless have been futile
but this organization now seems to be strong
enough and sufficiently determined to carry
out its intent. The members of the organi
zation say that a greater diversity of crops
will be raised by the Southern farmers than
was ever known before.
As cotton and wool are the bases of textile
manufacture and as both products are used
to a great extent in manufacturing combina
tions, the supply, demand and price are always
important topics in the industrial world. In
away the supply of cotton is excessive and
the major part of the American crop is ex
ported. But notwithstanding the fact that
wool is not bought in foreign countries in the
same proportion that cotton is sent out from
the South, the position of wool seems to be
just the reverse.
The supply of cotton can be increased in
well-nigh unlimited quantities, but this is
not true of wool, which cannot be increased
to meet the desired requirements for many
years. Indeed, it is doubtful, manufacturers
say, if it ever could. Yet taking those facts
into consideration in this respect prices for
cotton are in reality high and prices for wool
are comparatively low—just the reverse of
the situation which supply and demand are
expected to regulate, considered from a
standpoint of political economy.
But taking’ a broad and comprehensive
view of the future, there seems to be little
reason for pessimism either on the part of the
textile manufacturer or the cotton grower, for
it would seem that but a comparatively short
time can elapse before some definite trend
is given to this matter, and the southern
farmer will get what is justly coming to him
and the textile manufacturer will not be com
pelled to close his plant, thereby bringing dis
comfort, and even hardship to many. Mean
while investment buying will doubtless be
confined for the most part to best grades
and the cotton grower will be the better off
financially in the end as well as enjoy a bet
ter prestige in the world of business by his
present determined stand, even if it will de
prive him of ready cash for a while. —Bir-
mingham News.
WHAT ORGANIZATION CAN DO FOR A
PEOPLE.
If developments confirm the news that
comes from Texas concerning the prospect
ive revolution in the cotton business, the
planters of the Lone Star State are to be con
gratulated. Fifteen cents a pound for cotton
is a good price, and promises more opulence
for the cotton raisers even than they are now
enjoying. But the best part of the matter
is that, according to the Texas information,
this money is to go to the planter—to rhe man
who actually does produce the staple—and not
to the men who do their farming in luxurious
ly furnished offices in tall buildings in the
cities. It is, in fact, a realization of the hopes
and plans of several generations. It :nay be
said to have been the dream of the fanner’s
life to sell his products directly to tl e con
sumer, or at least directly to the manufactur
er of the finished goods, cutting out t'le mid
dle men and intermediaries who absorb prac
tically all the profits
This seems to be just what has been done
in the matter of this great cotton deal made
by the Texas Farmers’ Union. Cotton direct
from the Texas field to the spinners in Europe
means the cutting out of much costly handling
and re-handling, and the absorption by the
planters themselves of a large percent of
profit that has long been considered necessary
tribute to the men who never raise a p nind of
cotton nor manufacture a yard of cloin.
There is significance in the announcement
that the National Farmers’ Educationa 1 and
Co-Operative Union is back of this move
ment. In fact, this deal, if it really even
tuates in what it promises, is the first big
result to come from the spirit of organization
that has been growing among the country peo
ple—it is significant of the great things that
are made possible by organization and united
action, where they are mutual.
The rural population of the country is the
greatest power in the nation, but so long as
there was nothing but individual action and
individual resources to be depended upon, the
great strength was dormant. The formation
of organizations, such as the one ref ei red to,
gives just the magic touch necessary to call
into life that giant strength that is resistless.
It is said that this one organization has
three million members scattered over the
country. Twenty thousand of these are said