PAGE SIX
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAM
There is being gathered up a big slush
fund for use of a committee of the standpat-
Royal Rows
Ahead.
band, man by man, in his
own home “dee-strict”.
The President, cabinet officers, and the en
tire aggregation will be spellbinding from
every stump and if the Congressional races
don’t warm up, it will be surpassing strange.
It does look like a real split, this time. The
Republican machine of New York State, with
more or less politeness, declined the inter
vention of the White House in its affairs.
Hughes and Root are at odds over the Income
Tax and doubtless, if the truth were known,
each sees in the other a strong, rival person
ality. Both cherish Presidential aspirations.
In Ohio, things are so badly mixed that
Wade Ellis has hurried there to bring about
peace, and overcome the growing popularity
of Judson Harmon, Democratic Governor.
The State is “Harmon-izing” all too fast to
suit Mr. Taft, who believes that Ohio was
destined as the happy hunting ground of the
Massachusetts took a whirl, and elected an
independent candidate, who from the inside,
exposes New England’s cupidity and brutal
ity in a manner that ought to make men’s
blood boil. Listen to what Mr. Foss, a New
Englander, until lately a Republican, now an
insurgent under no particular party banner,
says-:
“New England is given protection out of all pro
portion to its needs. To use plain language, Sen
ators Aldrich and Lodge and a few members of
Congress from this section of the country en
deavored to hog the tariff for New England. Many
of the industries do not need the protection given
them; many of them did not ask for the increases
written into the law; many of them would not
have entered protest against reductions ranging
from 10 per cent, to 25 per cent. Take my own
business, for instance; I have a protection of 50
per cent. I don’t need it and don’t want it. I
could get along just as well on 25 per cent. . . .
What is the situation in the cotton industry? The
manufacturer receives protection ranging as high
as 100 per cent. His profits are enormous and
yet his employees are the poorest paid in New
England.”
Missouri is asking to be “showed” and rap
idly withdrawing from her temporary Re
publicanism. The entire Middle West is
aflame with indignation, which grows hotter
at the thought of these standpatters of the
Republican machine having the effrontery to
plan speaking tours for no other purpose than
to attempt to punish the insurgents, and dis
credit the few who stood for right, with the
people.
Senator Beveridge’s speech at the Indiana
State Convention denounced the tariff, and
the abominations that have existed in na
tional legislation. Fairbanks returns home,
hailed with acclaim by the standpat element,
and a split in that State is already so great
that Taft has canceled his date to make an
address in Indianapolis.
* * * *
Oh, there will be lovely times when the
Republicans fall out and go to calling names,
and reciting facts. After about forty years
of almost uninterrupted spoliation by these
thieves, perhaps honest people will yet get
their due.
It has been whispered loud enough for the
Washington correspondent to overhear, that
(), Those
Congressional
Elections !
ready to report before the
autumn elections.
ters, who with it expect to
take the field for the regu
lars and down the insurgent
that delectable Committee
to investigate the cost of
living has been requested
to hasten its work and be
Jeffersonian
Good gracious, why? Surely that Commit
tee, headed by Senator Lodge and adorned by
Reed Smoot, couldn’t have anything but a
disinterested statement to make which might
hurt, as well as help, the standpatters who
must justify themselves before the home
folks ?
It is to be a careful inquiry, you know, into
why the price of food, clothing, etc., has just
about doubled, and in some cases more than
doubled, since the new tariff went into effect.
Nobody can tell, nobody can conjecture, the
reason, though indications are that we suffer
from “over-production of gold”. No money,
we feast; a good deal, we go hungry; and too
much, we starve. Simple, when you come to
think of it, and a reason which the astute gen
tlemen will doubtless not overlook.
1 ' " ~
The Socialist Democrats, of Milwaukee,
elected their entire municipal ticket, Mayor
Milwaukee
Is Again
Made
Famous.
from the spreading knowledge that the two
old parties have both betrayed the people,
that the corrupt alliance between the Tam
many Democrats and Cannon Republicans
means merely that, masking under different
names, and pretending different views, when
it comes to popular rights against the inter
ests, the interests are looked after.
What is the Democratic fear over removal
of the power from the Speaker of the House?
Partly because many of them would be glad
for it to remain right where it is, and further,
in the case of a Democratic Congress, next
fall, a Democratic Speaker would be chosen,
who could also be autocratic.
When reform is to be obtained, there must
be a banding together of forces strong in the
determination to serve their ideals, at no mat
ter what personal cost.
. The Milwaukee victory, attributed to So
cialism, was won on issues purely Populistic
—the initiative, the referendum and right of
recall being slogans of the campaign. Wherev
er Socialism gains, it does so by stealing
planks from the Ocala platform, and hiding
its “Socialism ’ under cover. Renewed efforts
will be made to capture the State, and to send
to the United States Congress and Senate
men who will, there, represent something of
the same type as the Labor Party people of
England.
“Albany, N. Y., April 7.—Sulzberger & Sons
Company, meat-packers, was incorporated today
with a capital of $32,000,000.
Only The principal office is in New
$32,000,000. York -”
That brief news item ought
to show how scared the meat-packers are, and
how little real profit is in the business. They
don’t expect to earn any dividends upon that
Thirty-two Millions, of course. Besides,
those Government prosecutions do SO dis
turb investment, that probably not more than
a score of robust trusts and mergers have
been made since Christmas. It is a real
shame that benevolently inclined persons like
the Sulzbergers must literally throw their
money away in a hopeless enterprise. Why,
after twenty-five years of 100 per cent, divi
dends, they might have to pay several thou
sand dollars out in finesl
* * * *
The meat-packers have been simply chort
ling in glee over the probable outcome of the
Government cases, in the indictments re-
and Council, last week. They
piled up the largest plurality,
over the old line parties, ever
known in that city. This is
another strong indication of a
real break-up, and springs
turned not long ago against about six of the
leading concerns. A wee fine, maybe, no per
sonal inconvenience and the price of meat go
ing up!
* * * *
There may be some justice doing, though,
even for tlie packers, as the State of New Jer
sey, which issued the charters under which
these iniquities have grown great, has whirled
in and done some independent indicting on
her own account. It is within the power of
the State—though it would take a strong
fight—to revoke every one of these charters,
and to extradite the guilty packers and put
them in jail!
This would put a new phase upon the mat
ter, and it is to be hoped it will be vigorously
pushed.
The New Jersey Legislature, however, de
serves to be indicted, if reports be true of the
* I*ll* 1*
The Limit
Reached.
start an investigation of these serious charges
against decent sentiment. Corruption, dis
honesty and political chicanery has been rife
everywhere—and even in New Jersey if the
statements of Governor Fort be true, that he
has been unable to pass any of his reform
measures —but shameless debauchery seems to
have remained for this particular Legislature
to develop. Os course, not all the members
can be guilty, but the general vulgarity and
lewdness has appalled the State and Nation.
C. H. Thomson, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
has the following pointed remarks to make
about the prosperity of the
The Producers farmer:
Gain “Do you know that a small
Wisdom. crop is caused by unfavorable
weather, and costs 40 per
cent, more for labor, in endeavoring by repeated
ploughing to save as much as possible? Some
years ago, when cotton was sold at 7 to 8 cents,
mules cost S7O per head. Now they are S2OO.
Corn sold at 50 cents then; the price is now 80
cents per bushel. Meat, has doubled —in fact,
everything appertaining to raising a crop has ad
vanced. So in all Southern States outside of
Georgia, North and South Carolna, the planter
has, even with 15-cent cotton, made no money.
Extra labor and short crops have offset high
prices.”
Nobody has seen any w T ave of riches sweep
ing over the rural districts of the three States
named, either. It is reassuring to know that,
everywhere, is growing a clear understanding
of the fact that the “high price” of anything
means nothing to the producer, so long as the
combinations exist to scoop his profits and
keep him, for all his apparent “prosperity”
as poor, or poorer, than ever. It is simply a
mad scramble—that accomplishes nothing but
to afford hearty enjoyment to the Govern
ment protected monopolies.
All summer long, the industrious bees store
up the honey that is to provide them with
food in the time when flowers are dead, the
woods are bare, and the grip of winter clutch
es all Nature. When the honey is gathered
and stored up with the mathematical nicety
and beauty the little creatures know, comes
Man and robs the tree. Perhaps he leaves
some store still there, so that there may be
more work, more gathering, more storing up
of fruitless labor next time.
The producers represent the bees among
mankind, and the Trusts strip them of every
thing beyond the meagre living which em
ables them to continue their work, without
which all the world, despite its money, would
starve.
orgies which have occurred m
committee rooms, and in the
House itself. Governor Fort,
shocked and incensed, will