PAGE EIGHTEEN
“Tom” Doesn’t Mind
Dear Tom:—Pardon the familiari
ty. The name of three letters has
about it something which seems en
dearing to those who admire you
most.
In mingling with the throng I
hear much of Tom that I wish you
could hear—both lauding ( and revil
ing; the former by the better ele
ment, the latter by the baser sort
and the most densely ignorant. Ig
norance you are aware is not con
fined to such as have never been to
school. Its most virulent type is an
educated ignorance, to dispel which
labor is vain.
Your efforts are indeed laudable,
but say, Tom, did it ever occur to
you how futile—how very futile?
And tell me, dear Tom, have you any
hope whatever of reform?
Is there in the records of the past
a single instance where Pluto had
such a grip as Pluto has today? And
does history show one single instance
where such grip was relinquished
this side a revolution?
Some say the world is thinking as
never before, but what is the world
thinking of? How to beat the wolf
from the door is the thought of the
masses How to beat the masses is
the thought of the classes. T 1 '? lat
ter having leisure, being in the seat
and holding the reins, have decided
ly the advantage, finding it easier to
drive than to lead. The former have
neither the time nor the inclination
to think. Those who read reform
literature are in the main such as
don’t need it. To the masses you
seem as one that “mocketh”.
Go among the sainted and the very
pious and they are at the highest
tension, moving everything that is
movable and stretching everything
that is stretchable to “fix” the
heathen. Most wilfully ignorant of
the frightful conditions at home, and
since there is in this so much of
“bliss”, what “folly” to be other
wise.
Tom, get in your auto and spend
just a day in a house to house can
vass, chat with the folks, mention
ing incidentally the Elsie Sigel case,
and you will doubtless be surprised
to find how many, like the apostles
by the Holy Ghost, had not so much
as heard whether there be any Elsie
Sigel, nor how many would construe
that frightful incident as an in
centive to contribute another quarter
to the needs 'of China.
No, Tom, the people are not think
ing. The masses are led by the few
in politics, in religion, in all things.
One said that every American voter
was a sovereign—a little bit of a
“King”, wears a little bit of the
“purple”. Indeed, this idea is pret
ty deep-rooted. Even Cuffie thinks
he’s a part of the “guvment”, having
the liberty of citizenship, which con
sists of the right to vote and pay
tax. The one he may, the other he
must perform.
One again has said that the aver
age American voter was a pusillani
mous “Nincompoop”, an animal
much valued by its supercilious mas
ter on account of its fleece and the
ease with which it is fleeced. A lit
tle bit of a “King” wearing a bit of
the “purple”, rags, wearing silks,
clothed in tatters. Kings of the na
tion, producing its wealth, sharing
its poverty and never so happy as
when whooping up the system. Tell
me, I pray, where is the hope?
J. C. PARROT.
Cohutta, Georgia.
Answer.
Haven’t got an automobile: am
skeered of ’em. Don’t dare to walk
abroad any more, for fear somebody
will “honk” at me, and then run
over me.
But you are certainly right as to
the deplorable condition of our own
country. The rich people of China
should be left to feed, clothe, house,
physic and educate their own poor.
So with India, Japan, Mexico, South
America, and other foreign lands. It
is a sin and a shame to go to those
heathen countries to build gymnasi
ums, orphans’ homes, lepers’ homes,
widows’ homes, boarding-schools,
dispensaries and hospitals, when so
many millions of our own national
household go unprovided for.
Just think of those crazy African
missionaries who are buying negro
orphans, to bring them up at the ex
pense of the poor people of Ameri
ca! They can get thousands of or
phans in this country, without hav
ing to buy them — orphans who are
in want of all that is furnished to
the negro children in Africa.
You ask whether I think my ef
forts amount to anything. Yes, I
do. Nobody’s efforts for good are
wholly lost. We may not see tlie
immediate effects, but some of the
seed will fall on fertile places.
An Illinois editor writes me that
he used, as his own, my editorial on
the Aldrich Central Bank, and that
it created a sensation in his city.
Many of his readers congratulated
him, heartily. Good was done, you
see.
The editor apologized to me for
the accidental failure to give me
credit. I wrote him that it was all
hunky dory. And it is.
Perhaps, if my name had been
signed to it, his subscribers would
not have read it.
So many outrageous lies have
been told on me and published about
me, that the country is thick with
prejudiced people who will not read
what I write, nor come to hear me
speak. T. E. W.
Watson’s MONEY AND MANKIND: Mr Watson > in his
JVlclCfSlZlllC “Socialism,” tears to pieces the book, “Capital,” by the So
== cialist high priest, Karl Marx, showing that Marx favors the
JANUARY, 1910 damnable doctrine that gold is the only natural and proper
standard of value.
Price: IO Cents
CRYING FOR BREAD: There was a time when
1 = we had no poor, and now
“The production of all kinds of wealth was never so great. We
have become the Egypt of the famished world, —and yet our
children cry for bread, the widow wails unheard, the man out
of work tramps the streets, looking for a job until he drops and
dies, like a homeless, ownerless dog. It is maddening.”
THE CAUSES: These are the abominations which are
— called “ laws’" of the United States for
the favoring of the few and the spoliation of the many, making
beggars of the wage-earner, the farmer and the average mer
chant. The protection madness has gone to such lengths that
competition has disappeared, and the trusts are supreme.
1 THE REMEDY: Extract the deadly virus of class
legislation. Restore the laws under
which our country had prospered for half a century, and under
which American statesmen could truthfully, proudly say, “We
have no poor.”
For the Good of Your Soul,
For the Love of Your Fellow Men,
Read Watson on “Socialism”
C>be 3effersontan
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED COTTON—The Prize Winner
The highest tribute ever paid to any
■’ variety of cotton was Broadwell’s Dou
ble-Jointed Variety. It has taken first
and second prizes for the largest yield
of cotton at the Georgia State Fair for
the past five years; has also taken both
first and second prizes for the best—ten
stalks of cotton for the past five years.
What better recommendation would
you want? I have sold my cottonseed
to men in thirteen States in the last
five years, and ninety-nine out es one
hundred that has planted Breadwell’s
Double-Jointed Cotton will tell you
that it will make more to the acre
than any other cotton they ever plant
ed. Now, if you want to make more
money to the acre than you ever made
with cotton, plant Broadwell’s Double-
Jointed Cottonseed this year. You can
get them for 75 cents a peck or $2.59
per bushel. The only way you can get
the genuine seed, is to order from
John B. Broadwell, Alpharetta, Ga., or
Mark W. Johnson Seed Co., Atlanta,
Ga. For full particulars address
JOHN B. BROADWELL,
Alpharetta, Ga., It. F. D. No. 3.
TELEGRAPHY I
HLINti A. BRANCH OF* THE. OLD ESTABLISHED
SOUTHERN SHORTHAND amis BUSINESS UNIVERSITY
ACTUAL liAH.ROAI) LINE RUNNING THROUGH OFEICES
lA C BttISCOK PRES. -■•SEND CATALOG- “"AftNOlkvPtirS
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands aro unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us If in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.