TOM WATSON CLUB ORGANIZED
TUESDAY.
The Tom Watson Club of Frank
lin county was organized at Carnes
ville last Tuesday.
Hon. Oscar Parker, of Fairburn, ad
dressed the gathering, it being im
possible for Jay W. Forrest, of New
York, national chairman of the Pop
ulist party, to be present.
Mr. Parker, in a splendid address,
set forth the reasons why the voters
of Georgia should cast their ballots
for Tom Watson. He made a great
speech and was followed closely by
his hearers. There was not much ap
plause, but the speaker was listened
to with the closest attention.
Col. T. G. Dorough was made chair
man of the club and W. H. Smith of
Ashland was made secretary.. Col.
Dorough introduced Mr. Parker in a
short but pointed speech.
After the speaking all who intend
ed to support Mr. Watson for presi
dent were invited to enroll their
names on the roster of the club. Num
bers came forward but it was impos
sible for all to be accommodated. Sev-
□BBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBSSeSeSeSeSSESSeSSiSeSS
I Jeffersonian Premiums |
[2 HOW TO GET UP A. CLUB OUR premiums 03
J Every article offered is the best that Ln
0 ’ can be procured for the money. It is SMS
Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on K}
T an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the
a thpv hava road it thev will know for If Preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them ill
CD themseives that it’ is toe Test paper to * * distribute personally. Person- for the toast number of subscriptions that fcH
al and persistent solicitation is the great we can. 111
CD , y< .. . stda __ aao . secmt of success. “It’s dogged as does RENEWALS mK
asMg Write down the names and addresses „ Renewals count the same as new sub- Vl-J
QJ of your friends who are not already sub- Send your names in at any time —even scribers.
scribers, and send them to us. We will you bavo only one —and state what subscription rates
send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; Ptj
name by return mall. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year. eng
LO call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions 03
sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year.
05 Premium for 20 Magazine Subscriptions, will be surprised and pleased when you premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, <35
or 15 Weekly Subscriptions se€ the set - or 3 Weekly Subscriptions bo
A set of 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ THE MONARCH ATLAS OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK kM
U/ Silver Plated Cutlery—6 tablespoons, 6 WORLD—Retail price SB. AND PRACTICAL HOUSEKEEPING— D 3
table forks, 6 teaspoons, 6 triple- THE WORLD AND ITS PEOPLE—A An encyclopedia of household affairs; 800 y|L
iJLI plated table knives, 1 butter knife, 1 $lO book, 852 pages of illustrated text, 65 pages; handsomely bound; 3,300 recipes. fjL|
sp! sugar spoon. A very handsome set. The P ages of “ a P s > 750 Large ’ clear ty P e - 8R
retail price of this premium is sls. EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don’t Cjj
?VS OLD MISSION SHELF CLOCK—With wait f or barber, but shave yourself.
. real weights, beautiful and reliable. Complete outfit You can shave yourself fefel
CQ Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, car In five minutes. cTj
W 8 or 10 Weekly Subscriptions thedral glass. Retail price sls. OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—This Is for feft}
jae WEBSTER’S IMPERIAL DICTIONARY the good, old fashioned folks. It is a
flj —Unabridged. This is a ten dollar die- Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, handsom ® $ 3 razor, made of the best
tionary, well printed, well bound, nearly or 5 Weekly Subscriptions English steel, mounted in a carved white UM
Ad 2,000 pages, with several thousand Ulus- ~ mv. bone handlo, CQ
trations, tables, colored plates and en- BREAKFAST SET—Thirty-one pieces. CHINA CAKE SET—Seven pieces, fruit . w!
gravings. It is at once a dictionary and Very handsome. decorations. LM
JQ an encyclopedia. RE ° L i ET '{ ER STUDENT’S BIBLE— FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe- lQ
OLD MISSION PENDULUM CLOCK— F J exi ble leather covers, red under gold ty C H Pt 14-karat gold. JSp}
Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. ® dge /’ contains 16 Picturesl of the Holy TO
The case and dial are of solid oak, with »e Preraiun, s «<»* » Magazine Subscriptions, gb
brass figures, hands and pendulum bulb. 01 lue ine woms or unnsi are nr ? WapVTv QizhcFs-Inilnnc 23R?
A guarantee’ by the manufacturers in- Printed to red. Fully described and 11- « “arming ’and GAR (S
eures its absolute reliability as a time- ’-‘rated on another page. invaluable book for an in- tD
piece. Its rich artistic beauty will en- EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK tereated and gardening Fu lv 5W
hance the decorative effect of any home. -A beautiful, ornament And < reHable described and on another M
DINNER SET —Forty-seven pieces. ' page.
These are genuine, high-grade, expensive * PR^® E NTATION EDITION OF THE EIGHT INCH ADJUSTABLE SHEARS J&J
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful ftgnl cently bound. —Special steel, nickel plated; never wear [JQ
French decorations and gold edges. Each DAISY TRAVELING CLOCK—In Mo- out. Fully described and illustrated on SR
pleas is full size for everyday use. You rocco case. another page. UM
eral hundred names have been se
cured over the county in the different
districts. Those who have not en
rolled their names can drop a postal
card to Col. T. G. Dorough, Royston,
or W. H. Smith, Ashland, and either
will be pleased to place names on the
list.
W. H. Westmoreland, Canon, will
also receive and enroll the names of
the voters of Franklin county who
stand for Jeffersonian democracy and
intend to vote for Mr. Watson. Ev
ery Populist in the county is appoint
ed a committee of one to see his
neighbor and get him to join the club.
Tuesday was a big day for the Pop
ulists in Carnesville. There were
voters present from several counties
and many signified their intention of
voting the Third Party ticket in the
coming national election. —Royston
Record.
The protected manufacturers have
secured in many cases a tariff of more
than twice the percentage paid to
workmen in wages. The net profits of
the steel trust last year were just
about equal to the entire amount paid
Ufye Jeffersonian
in wages, and the wages constituted
less than 25 per cent, of the total
value of the product. According to
this statement, each workman em
ployed by the steel trust earned, on
an average, not only the amount paid
to him, but one hundred per cent,
profit for the employer. Why should
the country, or its people, have to
pay such a tribute as this to any in
dustry of the land, no matter how
important it may be either as a sup
plier or an employe?—The Searcy
News, Searcy, Ark.
THE MAN BEHIND THE PLOW.
By Pius Clements.
I have hearn a heap o’ noise,
An’ a lot o’ braggin’, too,
’Bout our heroes, past an’ present,
What they’ve done fer me an’ you;
’Bout George Washington an’ Lin
coln,
An’ o’ Dewey sich a row;
But th’ hero uv th’ nation
Is th’ man behind th’ plow.
What would Hobson do fer ’taters,
What would Dewey do fer bread,
Es th’ plowman didn’t hustle
Ever’ mornin’ out o’ bed?
Would they git ther cae an’ nick
nacks ?
Es they would jist tell me how,
Es th’ hero didn’t hustle
Ever’ day behind the plow?
Even Roosevelt would suffer,
An’ the Governor would be
Jist a blame sight lean an’ lanker
Then a feller’d like to be.
I don’t b’lieve in bein’ jealous,
But I’ll tell yer this right now,
That th’ hero uv th’ nation
Is th’ man behind th’ plow.
Washington, Ind.
Notwithstanding the cold water
thrown by some of the one-gallused
organs, the truth has leaked out, that
Tom Watson’s tour of this section of
the state last week made him several
hundred votes. The people have been
thinking and will not let the tin-horn
brig’ade dictate how their votes shall
be cast on the 3rd of November.—
Meigs Review.
PAGE SEVEN