som PAGES PROM SY Y SCRAP ‘BOOK
KILLED AT NEW ORLEANS.
To the Editor of the Banner.
On January 8, 1907, the ninety-second an
niversary of the battle of New Orleans, I
met Mr. Sumner Kirkpatrick, for many years
a prominent business man of Nashville, and I
said to him, “This day, ninety-two years ago
today the battle of New Orleans occurred, and
it is a sad fate that the names of those eight
young Tennesseeans who fell in battle that
day are unknown, that neither the government
nor any of Gen. Jackson’s biographers has
ever mentioned their names. ’ ’ Mr. Kirkpatrick
replied: “Why, there stands a man across
the street (referring to Samuel B. Kirkpat
rick), who had an uncle named James Kirk
patrick of Sumner county, Tennessee, that was
killed in that battle,” and this James Kirk
patrick was an own cousin to my mother.
With the resurrection of this one man’s name
from oblivion, I at once determined to make
an effort to secure the names of the other
seven who fell in that eventful battle, by pub
lishing a letter in the Banner askilig if any
one could name another to do so through the
Banner, and with that paper’s assistance I
have rescued from obscurity the names of all
the soldiers who were killed in that battle
except one. Their names are as follows:
James Kirkpatrick, of Sumner county, Ten
nessee; verified by both Sumner and Samuel
B. Kirkpatrick.
James A. Moore, of Maury county; verified
by Alex Moore, of Union City, in his letter
to the Banner, January 11, 1907.
William Smith, of Williamson county; af
firmed by his niece, Mary E. Smith, Bosco
bel street, East Nashville.
John Thompson, of Rutherford county; ver
ified by Jos. H. Thompson, grand nephew of
John Thompson, as stated in his letter to the
Banner, January 27, 1907.
David Harper, of Sumner county; affirmed
by M. D. Hickman, of Hartsville, in his let
ter to the Banner, that his father and Harper
were first cousins.
Clement Hancock, of Jackson county; af
firmed by Arios Kirkpatrick’s diary, pub
lished in the Banner of February 1, 1908.
James Henry Smith, of Manry county; ver
ified by Mrs. Mary Martin’s letter in the Ban
ner, of January 10, 1907, in which she states
that he was her grandfather.
There has been some contention as to the
number that were killed in that battle. Mr.
Parton, the most painstaking of all of Gen.
Jackson’s biographers, came to Nashville in
1855 and remained here several weeks gath
ering up information for his life of Jack
son, and he went from Nashville to New Or
leans and while there he went all over the bat
tlefield and located the very spot where each
soldier fell, and this is what he said about
it: “Jackson’s loss, as all the world knows,
was eight killed and thirteen wounded.”
Now the question is how shall the names
of these soldiers be perpetuated? I have
had some correspondence with our represen
tative, Hon. John W. Gaines, and at his re-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
quest I have prepared this report that it may
be useful to him in his untiring effort to have
Congress make an appropriation for a monu
ment over the graves of these soldiers on the
battlefield at New Orleans. I asked him if
it wouldn’t be appropriate to have a monu
ment erected here on our Capitol Square, to
which he replied:
“I beg to state that it is entirely appro
priate to do that, and I shall help the move
ment along all I can. At the same time, I
think that the graves—the very spot where
the graves are on the battlefield of New Or
leans, should be fenced in and properly cared
for by the government, each grave should be
properly marked, a monument erected and the
names inscribed thereon. The State of Ten
nessee should start and at once erect a monu
ment at Nashville, and the Federal Govern
ment should aid, and I shall do my best to
have money appropriated for that purpose.
I congratulate you on the noble and patriotic
work that you are doing, both for the living
and the dead. This should have been done
long ago.”
That grand old man, Col. Colyar, was wont
to say that the Sth of January should be
“The never-to-be-forgotten-day in Tennes
see.” A monument on the Capitol grounds
and the Bth of January made a legal holiday
will make it the never-to-be-forgotten dav.
J. C. M’CRORY.
GEN. R. E. LEE BORN AFTER BURIAL
OF HIS MOTHER.
The one hundred and first anniversary of
the birth of Gen. Robert E. Lee, recalls the
little known fact that he was born more
than a year after his mother had been buried,
furnishing to the world one of the most as
tonishing cases of reviviscence on record.
General Lee’s mother was by no means an
entirely healthy woman, and the physician at
Stratford, Va., the home of Henry Lee (Light
Horse Harry), was kept in constant attend
ance. Mrs. Lee suffered from catalepsy, and
during a prolonged trance she was pronounced
dead. The body was prepared for interment,
and the morning of the third day after her
supposed death the remains were laid in the
family vault in the graveyard of that pretty
little Virginia village.
Members of the family made frequent vis
its to the vault, and while the sexton was
cleaning up and arranging some flowers to be
placed on the casket, he heard a faint voice,
as though of some one calling for assistance.
Os course the old man was somewhat alarmed,
but as he had seen many years of service in
the “city of the dead” he did not leave the
vault. He listened closely and the voice was
distinctly heard again. Becoming satisfied
that the voice came from within the casket
he at once set to work and opened it, discov
ering that Mrs. Lee was alive. Releasing the
poor woman from her awful fate, assistance
was soon summoned and within a short time
she was safe in bed at her home.
Mt*. Lee’s recovery was slow, but she did
regain good health, and a little more than a
year after she was buried alive her youngest
son, Robert E., was born and thus came into
the world one of her bravest men. —Ex.
THE BOYS IN GRAY.
Our ranks are growing thinner, boys;
And our steps are growing slow,
Our eyes are getting dimmer,
And our heads are bending low.
Our forms are bent, but people
We are ever proud to see
The boys who fought with Jackson
With Johnson and with Lee.
We are not so lithe and limber
As we were in sixty-one,
Our eyes are not so sparkling,
For we see our setting sun;
But the hero spirits in us
As ’twas ever wont to be,
The boys that fought with Jackson,
With Beauregard and Lee.
Our days are being numbered
And soon we’ll pass to rest,
Beneath the sod of Dixie,
The land we loved the best;
But grand will be our memory,
Till time shall cease to be;
The boys who fought with Jackson,
Hood, Gordon and with Lee.
We were never much in numbers,
But I know we “did” our part,
And won the whole world’s honor
And our native country’s heart;
And when this life is over,
And we from toil are free
We’ll fight no more with Jackson,
With Johnson nor with Lee.
In all our pomp and splendor
Os an army on parade,
All through the awful darkness
The smoke of battle made;
In the halls where jewels glitter
And where shouting rpen debate,
And in the place where rulers
Deal out honors to the great;
We have shown to all creation
How the world’s affairs should run,
Future men will gaze in wonder
At the work that we have done.
We have helped to build your cities
And houses not a few,
And soon we’ll go to glory
And leave them all with vou.
A. B. FINLAY.
Co. K, 29th Reg. Ga. Vol. Douglas, Ga.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
Interest TH OS. E. WATSON,
Thomsen, <H.
PAGE THREE