LETTER FROM MR. KING.
<
Among the great events that took
place in Washington City during the
month of November was the unveiling
of the shaft erected to the memory
of GrSli. Phil Sheridan on the 25t'h.
This was a fitting tribute to the brave
and dashing officer. But for the mis
takes or negligence of Gen. Early,
while in command in the Shenandoah
Valley this shaft would have never
been built.
A few weeks previous to the Cedar
creek battle Gen. Early occupied the
lower valley with five divisions en
camped several miles apart, when Gen.
Sheridan moved from Harper’s Ferry
and routed the Confederates before
they could concentrate. In the eve of
this disaster our division —Gordon’s —
was in camps at Bunker’s Hill, near
Martinsburg. After a forced march
of seven or eight hours to escape be
ing cut off, Gen. Gordon attacked
Sheridan’s main column and with
great rapidity drove it back one and
one-half miles with heavy loss to the
enemy.
But Gen. Gordon was forced to re
treat on account of the heavy flanking
column of the enemy. Gen. Early fell
back and took up a strong position one
mile west of Strawsburg while two
corps of Sheridan’s army went into
camps on the level plains east of Cedar
creek, while the third corps encamped
at Winchester, sixteen miles away.
Gen. Gordon began formulating plans
by which Gen. Early could retrieve his
losses. He went to the signal station
on a high mountain peak near by, and
there, with the aid of his telescope,
completed his plans, which Early
would not accept until he visited the
station and with his own telescope
viewed the enemy’s camps and geo
graphical surroundings, after which
he promptly approved of Gordon’s
plans, which were for Gordon to take
two divisions along a route that was
thought to be impassable and attack
the enemy in the rear at daylight,
while Early was to make a feint on the
turnpike in front. Orders came to
cook one day’s rations and be ready
to move at early dark, leaving tin cups
and other things that would rattle, be
hind. Our two divisions were in mo
tion before dark. The north fork of
the Shenandoah river had been bridg
ed with wagons for the convenience
of the soldiers. After crossing the
head of the column filed left and
marched in single file several miles be
tween the river bank and the abrupt
mountain walls. In many places the
field officers, for safety, dismounted
and led their horses, while one stirrup
was dangling over the rippling water
many feet below, the other was swing
ing against the craggy walls which
towered to dizzy heights overhead.
When the place to recross the river
was reached Gen. Gordon called for
volunteers to cross and capture the
picket post, promising a sixty days’
furlough if they would capture the
post without firing a gun. The pickets
fired one volley but were captured be
fore they could reload. The column
was now under headway, fording the
river which was thirty-five or forty
yards wide, waist deep and chilly
enough to almost take a soldier’s
breath. The volley fired by the pick
ets aroused the entire camps of nearly
twenty thousand men, but hearing no
further disturbance, decided the mat
ter was a false alarm, the men, except
a regiment of two and a battery weye
dismissed, some began cooking break
fast while the larger portion turned in
for a morning nap. At daybreak Gor
don’s line of battle swept over the
near by hill, a few volleys of muske
try, a dozen or more peals of cannon
and all was over. The grandest vic
tory of the war was won.
Generals Gordon and Early met a
few minutes after sun up on the turn
pike in the midst of the enemy’s camp,
where Gordon made the effort of his
life trying to induce Early to let him
pursue the fleeing enemy; but Gen.
Early unwisely refused to allow his
little army, which was so elated over
its grand success, to follow up this
glorious victory and capture or hurl
the enemy across the Potomac river in
double quick time.
But alas! Gordon was a subordi
nate officer and had to obey orders.
Here we will let the curtain fall and
hide the shameful disaster that made
Gen. Phil Sheridan famous. Had Gen.
Gordon been the senior officer the
poem “Sheridan’s Ride up the Val
ley” would never have been in print,
nor the shaft which was recently un
veiled in Washington City would never
have been erected.
E. N. King,
Private Co. H, 13th Regt.
Hatcher’s Station, Ga.
—Eufaula Times and News.
Ea<rly Cotton Seeds
IN ORDER to whip the 801 l Weevil it is wise to plant early matur
ing varieties of Cotton. From experience we recommend, King’s North
Carolina Stock, Toole’s Improved, Simpkin’s Early Prolific, Mebanes Tri
umph and World’s Wonder as the best and most reliable of the early
varieties. Our seeds are true to name and no fancy prices and of best
selections. Prices for World’s Wonder $1.75 bushel, 5 to 10 bushels, $1.50
bushel, 25 bushels and over, $1.25 bushel. All the others, 1 bushel
$1.25, 5 to 10 bushels at SI.OO, 25 to 90 bushels at 90c, 100 bushels at
85c. Car load lots (1,000 bushels) King’s and Toole’s at very low prices.
Write for it. Forty years in business enables us to offer purer stock
and better prices than usual. We offer 40 other varieties of cotton. Also
all Garden, Field and Flower Seeds.
MARK W. JOHNSON SEED COMPANY,
ATLANTA, GEORGIA.
♦
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: My scientific form- JF jsz;/x.ke:s -Q-
ula of- Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- w
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and ■Xfg’Dk BjegTT’TlMB
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the ■ | IVLdIV 18l M T* v i
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have anR —
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It wrhkfj
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you IU &A | |H ■
have had your trouble.Vitaline will easily over- J | j lufa bu 1 I ■ Bv ] 1 u
come it —it will not fail nor disappoint you.” \n\
MtBVOUS WEAKNESS, „ na
| .11 J™ t.2?i I
STOMACH TROUBLES—^ a,n J? Stomach, Loss of ■ o f Vi aline tablets. We want ■
gestlon, Bad Taste or Brealgjsick headache 8 , Bioate g tht?aUaSnd I
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. * ou h ’ tfe at as * „ B
Gnawing, Nervousness. 1 right medicine. Pay us no money ■
heart wt*was-F>yg,%»■?■£!?& l
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or »o. which We abide by —that s the ■
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. Vitaline tablets acton the Vita- I
CATARRH Hawking, Spitting, Nose Running Watery Organs that generate the vital warmth I
UAlwnnn— nr Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, < and the nerve force which makes one ■
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains feel strong, vigorous and healthy, ■
tn Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may Q equal to all the duties and pleasures of
be Catarrh! robust strength and lite. They give you ■
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, Xter V anything tne gg
Loss of Flesh and Strength. . . I
Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under ■
U, g Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial I
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81. 152 Lake St.. MU No. 3877-you have never had l
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once like them, combining their wonderful I
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets healing and strengthening power,
on trial, and If It proved satisfactory I will send you Efl We send you our beautifully illustra- I
SI.OO. otherwise 1 Will pay you nothing. ■ ted book, ‘-Vitality”—you have never ■
■ seen one like it. our testimonials from ■
BL people cured after ten to forty years of ■
Name—— doctoring will convince you of all we ■
claim for Vitaline.
£ddrm
ZSlje. 3effersoiUaii
SONG OF A ROUSED ELECTOR
ATE.
(From the Newark Evening News.)
Let us give the boss a rest,
We have hunted him with zest
But little was our glory when we’d
strung him to the bough.
He was easy, he was tame,
And we long for bigger game—
It’s the boss behind the boss behind
the boss we’re after now.
Let the politicians rest,
They are only tools, at best,
They are paid to take the licking
when the public wants to row,
We decline to waste an arrow
On the boy that wheels the barrow;
It’s the boss behind the boss behind
the boss we’re hunting now.
Ye lords of toil and trade,
Ye Water Kings afraid,
Come forth, ye skulking magnates to
whom our statesmen bow!
AVe, too, like you, can mix
With effect in politics;
It’s the BOSS behind the Boss be
hind the«boss we’re after now.
In your trenches deeply laid
You are not the least dismayed?
You’re a puzzling proposition we will
readily allow;
Perhaps we’ll hardly fret you
For we don’t know how to get you,
But we’re going to keep a trying ’till
we find out how.
Don’t Wear
A Truss
After Thirty Years Experience I Have
Made A New Discovery For Men,
Women or Children That
Cures Rupture.
Costs You Nothing’ To Try It
If you have tried most everything else, come to
me. Where others fail is where I have my great
est success. Send attached coupon to-day and I
will send you free my book on Rupture and its
cure, showing my new discovery and giving you
pi ices and names of many people who have tried
it and were cured. It is instant relief when all
others fail. Remember I use no salves, no har
ness. no lies.
I send on trial to prove what I say is true. You
are the judge and once having seen my book and
read it you will be as enthusiastic as my hundreds
of patients whose letters you can also read. Fill
out free coupon below and mail today. It’s well
worth your time whether you try my discovery
or not.
FREE INFORMATION COUPON
C. E. Brooks, 9809 Brooks Bldg., Marshall,
Mich.
Plea.se send me by mail in plain wrapper
full information of your new discovery for the
cure of rupture.
Name
Address-
City---State--
FOR SALE
Genuine Toole Prolific Cotton Seed,
bushel 90' cents, 10 bushel lots 85
cents, 20 or more bushels 75 cents.
W. T. GILBERT, Vienna, Ga.
’m Afraid to Come Home in the Dark
216 ot er Latest SONGS *“ d MUSI Cl
.fM <rr?T.ioc. Love’s Golden Dream; Sweetheart Da,e;|
\/*w Stingy Moon; Flower of Youth; Dreaming;-RED
* WING; ’Cause the Moon Can’t Tell on You; 1 Think
h Jlußt be Love; Stere and Stripes and You; Iola;
H°; Hone, Bov; Bird on Nellie's Hat; When the
Whippoorwill Singe Marguerite; Bomewhers; Ban
Antonio; Cheyenne; Love Mo and the World is Mino; Waiting at the
Church; Yankee Doodle Boy; Walts Me Around Again Willie, ete.; 10
Pieces Plano M USIC~ Merr T Widow Walts, etc. New 1908 hits, beat
collection ever offered—The 216 ® CQ t with Coupon good for GOLD PLA
TED WATCH CHAIN AND CHARM for IQ CE NTS.. Address
J. COOK &. CO., 56 Fifth Ave., CHICAGO.
. . - *a . . ■■ ■■■
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write lor Our 1909 Seed Catalogue
Buy of us Seed, Grains Corns, Melons. Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses, In
secticides, Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and ( ypher’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for Ameiican and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
I wish to state to the read
ers of this paper that I do
first-class Cleaning, Pressing
and altering. Phone 143 for
prices.
THOMSON PRESSING CLUB
Chas. Porter, Prop., THOMSON, GA.
Young’s New Berry
The Berkeley.
A table berry, very like the raspberry;
very sweet; dark red when fully ripe. The
largest and finest berry of all. Very pro
ductive; grows in a long vine. 1 was
seven years making this new berry. All
kinds of berry plants for sale. Send for
price list.
WM. A. YOUNG,
2625 Milvia St.,
Berkeley, Cal.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer.
We make a specialty of treating and curing
external cancer. Have you one, or do you know
a friend who has one? If so, write us. NO CURE,
NO PAY,
Scientific remedy in scientific bands. No
operation, no loss of blood. Can refer you to
many cases cured and now well. NO FAILURES.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING
P. O. Box 56 > Quitman, Ga.
PAGE FIVE