PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
RESOLUTIONS BY THE MILTON COUNTY
FARMERS’ UNION.
Believing in the principles of free govern
ment as taught by Thomas Jefferson, and
standing firmly in the faith and purpose of op
posing all the legislation that is conceived
of corporate greed and special privileges, and
advocating and asking for those measures
which insure to the whole people “equal
rights to all men,” we, the members of the
Farmers’ Union of Milton county, in meet
ing assembled, desire to present these resolu
tions :
1. As a bold proclamation breathing a
spirit of courage and determination to bat
tle for the rights of the masses, and pointing
out and condemning in fearless words the
greed, trickery and rottenness that exist to
day in our body politic, we heartily endorse
the brave stand for pure government taken by
President Roosevelt in his special message to
Congress on January 31, 1908.
2. We demand that our Congress shall
authorize the Treasury Department to issue as
soon as possible 150 million dollars in treasury
notes, and, as far as practicable, that their
distribution be so regulated as to benefit all
sections of the country alike.
3. That these resolutions be published in
the Alpharetta Free Press, The Jeffersonian,
and The Union News.
N. H. BROADWELL,
V.-Pres. Milton County Farmers’ Union.
T. L. PARKER, Sec.
SPEECH OF HON. ADAM M. BYRD,
Os Mississippi, in the House of Represen
tatives, Monday, Jan. 20, 1908. v
Mr Byrd said:
Mr. Chairman: I want to ask my distin
guished friend from New York (Mr. Cockran)
where he gets his authority for saying that
the people of the South have about arrived
at the point where they are willing to surren
der their franchise laws in order to keep the
negro in the South?
Mr. Cockran. I did not say that, Mr.
Chairman, nor anything of the kind. 45 If the
gentleman wants me to repeat what I said I
am very ready to do it.
Mr. Byrd. Repeat it.
Mr. Cockran. I said this: That the one
hope of maintaining your white supremacy
in the South is to encourage the immigration
of white laborers, for if you shut these out the
time will come when the very necessity of
your being will compel you to deal with the
negro on the basis he may choose to establish
or else your fields will not be cultivated. I
wish to say that here I am merely indulging
in a spirit of prophecy, where the gentleman
is as free to reach a conclusion as I am.
Mr. Byrd. Mr. Chairman, above all things
we are going to stand by our franchise laws,
though every negro should leave that section.
The perpetual reign of intelligence overshad
ows all labor considerations with the people
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of the South. To them there are other aspi
rations more worthy to be followed than striv
ing to extract pelf from the sweat and blood
of the miserable African. I come from a
State where the negro more largely predomi
nates than in any other Sstate of the
Union, and in which there is an
increasing demand for intelligent labor; yet,
greatly to the appreciation of our people, the
negroes are “taking the wings of the morn
ing” and are rapidly leaving that section.
They are drifting from the farms to the
towns, sawmills, levees, and railroads, and
from these they are going to every part of
the nation. We think it better for them to
go—better for themselves and far better for
the nation. This dissemination of the race
will introduce the true character of the negro
to the white people of every section. Then
our Northern friends will know him as we
know him; love him as we love him; and be
friend him as we have befriended him. In
this manner his status in American society
will become fixed. He will no longer be re
garded as a prince in one section and a vas
sal in another. As it is he can not tell wheth
er “he is or is to be.” Let this veil of un
certainty be removed from his future, and a
racial blessing will be his reward, and the
end of the misguided criticisms of the South
will be the nation’s victory.
Nor would I have my distinguished friend
from New York (Mr. Cockran) believe for
one moment that the Southern people desire
an influx of irresponsible foreigners in order
to maintain white supremacy. The natural
increase of our people and the coming to our
section of thousands of the best citizens of
the North and West will be amply sufficient
to take care of this question for many years to
come. But suppose we did need more white
people in the South for this purpose, then
what assistance could we hope to receive from
the horde of miserable creatures now being
dumped upon our shores, a vast majority of
whom represent the very dregs of racial degra
dation? Would their coming not inflict upon
us another problem more dangerous than the
one we now have? All this eloquence about
assimilation with the American people is the
merest nonsense. You might as well expect
the waters of the snow-fed brooklet flowing
into the Stygian Gulf to remain sweet and
pure as to hope for the blending of our blood
with their blood without accelerating our
own racial degeneracy. No; let others do as
they may, but I dare say that the people whom
I represent will witness the coming and going
of many generations ere they will assent to
the mingling of their blood with that of many
classes of these degenerates.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, we can well do without
even the negro as a laborer. There are fewer
colored people in Mississippi today than ten
years ago, and the State is being blessed by
their departure. The honest white laborers
-are largely doing our farm work. The old
plantation system is rapidly passing away.
It is being supplanted by a multiplicity of
small farms, owned and cultivated by an intel
ligent and industrious class of white farmers.
They subscribe to all the virtues of an enlight
ened civilization. They believe in the educa
tion of their children —in schools, in homes,
in churches, in society, in Christianity, in God,
and in their country—and I for one will never
vote to compel them to labor in competition
with a being or horde of beings who have for
gotten the God that made them, who never
knew an obligation to society, who are void
of patriotism, who believe in rearing their off
spring in ignorance and vice, and who can
live on less than one-half it takes to bring
comfort to the home of the average white
farmer.
Mr. Cockran. Will the gentleman allow me
a question?
Mr. Byrd. Yes, sir.
Mr. Cockran. Where will you get the white
men to cultivate the land?
Mr. Byrd. They will come from your coun
try and from all over this nation.
Mr. Cockran. That is right. The gentle
man has got the idea.
Mr. Byrd. The departure of the negro will
be followed by the incoming of industrious
white people from other parts of the Union.
Be assured that as many will come as we need.
Far better will it be for many of our farms to
again become the birthplace of the wild flower
than for the splendid citizenship illustrated in
the Southern farmer to be impoverished by
competition in the cotton fields with the pau
perized labor of Europe.
The day that brings to the farms of the
South hordes of Dago, Chinese, Japanese, and
other cheap laborers of this class will be the
darkest that ever cast a shadow across that
sunny land. It will mean reducing the price
of cotton to 5 cents per pound, and consequent
ly will plaster every farm with a mortgage
and bring misery and want to many homes
now happy and prosperous. .
My objection to immigration does not ex
tend to the worthy class of immigrants from
England, Ireland, Scotland, Germany, Sweden,
and some other European countries. This class
have made this country great, and for one I
say let the few now coming continue to come.
Never would I close the doors of this Repub
lic to the ambitious young men of this blood,
who, in order to escape the environments of
opportunity in Europe, come for the avowed
purpose of improving their own condition as
well as aiding in the expansion of growing
civilization. This class have made splendid
citizens. They have risen to honor and to
fortune. So let them come. But what about
the hordes from the Orient and from the de
caying races of southern Europe? During
the fiscal year 1907, 1,285,349 immigrants
came into the United States, which equals the
total population of Mississippi. The follow
ing table will show the nativity of the immi
grants that came into this country during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1907:
Countries. 1907.
Austria-Hungary 338,452