had been made; Mr. Bowers got his report
from Wakefield himself previous to the de
livery of the lecture.
Both these reports are just alike in every
essential. They both represent Wakefield as
having made the very statements that caused
my editorial on “What We Missionaries Con
cealed”.
Mr. Bowers declares that Wakefield started
to talking too fast, and that he “slowed
down at the request of the reporters, who
took written notes as Wakefield proceeded.
You will agree with Mr. Bowers in think
ing that a vain young man, who solicited the
interview, must have felt sufficiently inter
ested to have read the paper afterwards.
What about it, Dr. Corey ? What about it,
Dr. Wakefield? Don't you both realize that
“it is up to you”?
Here is an issue of the utmost importance;
you can not afford to let the matter drop.
Undoubtedly, Wakefield confessed that
horrible things have been happening to white
women in Chinese mission-work. Dr. August
Bach, a twelve-year missionary, has just re
turned from China, and he is saying the same
thing that Wakefield was made to deny.
Dr. Bach has no conceivable motive for
telling falsehoods about conditions existing
in the Chinese field.
But he says that Elsie Sigel cases occur
over there, too.
Which means that the Chinaman plays the
hypocrite in order that he may come up on
the. blind side of an innocent white girl and
ruin her!
Isn’t it awful that “we missionaries have
known this for a long time” and wouldn't
tell it?
And isn t it sickening to watch them trying
to put the lid back on, after Wakefield had
thoughtlessly lifted it off ?
Great God! How hard it is to arouse our
people when something that is wrong has be
come “customary"!
® 0 ®
The Fuller Liquor Law
An esteemed friend writes that he has care
fully examined the celebrated Alabama pro
hibition act, and that he finds—
(l) That it deprives of a jury trial any
one accused of a violation of it.
(2) That it “pretermits interstate com
merce.”
(3) That it requires the accused party to
prove his own innocence.
The Fuller law is said to contain twelve
thousand words; I shall not read it; but, if
it contains any such provisions as the above,
the courts will knock the life out of it.
8] ® 81
Enemies of the Country Vote
Mr. Boykin Wright has come out volu
minously in defense of the new registration
law; which makes it certain that a gentle
man of color is hid somewhere in the wood
pile.
In 1892 and in 1894, Mr. Boykin Wright
had thousands of fraudulent votes stuffed into
the ballot-boxes at the Augusta courthouse;
and thus disfranchised nine country counties.
As to the registration lists of 1895, he
“padded’’ them with fictitious names, azuZ had,
genuine names voted by other men than those
who bore those names.
Sometimes one of Mr. Wright's repeaters
would forget the last name he was told to
vote, and he would have to return to the heel
er and inquire, “What did you say my name
was this timer'
Yes; that’s the kind of man Boykin Wright
is. He and Hoke Smith are as much alike in
some things as any two that you ever saw.
Intense selfishness, greed for money, and ut
ter lack of scruple in going after what they
want are characteristic of both of them.
This new registration law is a bad one. It
i
I
Jeffersonian
does say, in so many words, that a young man
who has reached twenty-one since the receiver
closed his books can register. It does not say
that the old soldier who pays no tax can reg
ister.
It cuts the people out of two whole months
before the primary. It requires the regis
trars to complete and purge the lists by June
1, and to deliver the lists, alphabetically ar
ranged, to the clerk bv June 5.
Between that date and the August primary
nobody can touch those lists. The registrars
can not put any name on or off.
Why are the voters robbed of those two
months ?
Hoke Smith wrote to the Union News that
the object of closing the collector’s books so
early (April 1) was to give the registrars
time to purge the lists.
That is not the truth. That statement does
not explain why the law leaves two whole
months between the final completion and
purging of the lists and the date of the pri
mary.
Why must registrars and voters lose those
two months?
This new law, with its “closed season” of
six months, is more hurtful to the country
than to the town.
Messrs. Smith and Wright were in favor of
giving each city a State Senator of its own.
thus lessening the political preponderance of
the country counties.
These two crafty politicians were in favor
of the new rules which would have given the
cities an enormous advantage over the coun
try counties. Those new rules would have
revolutionized the system which has been in
existence over thirty years.
And now come these same politicians driv
ing at the rural vote again with the new
registration law.
I wonder whether the Whisky Trust is be
hind all this? I wonder whether the man
who pocketed such a fat income from the
Piedmont bar would like to see it opened
again ?
(Gave his share of the profits to “charity”,
you know ! The stuff sold ruins sons and
husbands, makes heartbroken wives and beg
gar children—and the profits of the stuff he
gave to “charity”!)
81 81 81
Miss Janet Houston Rubs It In
Miss,Janet Hay Houston, whose defense of
modern mission methods was tenderly han
dled in the Jeffersonian for September, was
so displeased that she fired a little note at
me, requesting me not to mention her name
any more in the Magazine. She declared that
argument, however lucid, would be lost on
me, and that what I needed was information.
However, she can't make up her mind to let
me alone, for she has sent me a page, torn
from a missionary periodical; and she has
marked a paragraph in which Dr. J. S. Den
nis (the idea of quoting a man named Den
nis) scornfully refers to “the globe-trotting
man-of-the-world” who considers himself “a
walking oracle concerning something about
which he knows practically nothing”.
Miss Janet underscores the words “prac
tically nothing” with two pen-made ink-lines
—as who should say. “That hits YOU, suh!”
Why, bless you. Miss Janet, I’m no globe
trotter. You're thinking about Taft—Bryan
—Roosevelt.
And I have not pretended to know anything
about conditions in the foreign mission fields.
On the contrary, my ignorance was so great
that I collected all the books, pamphlets, offi
cial reports, missionary letters, etc., and
made a study of what the foreign mission
aries themselves have said about their mode
of conducting the work.
Wasn’t that fair? Could the missionaries
ask anything more?
They themselves write glowing descrip
tions of the good times they have, of their
beautiful mountain homes for summer, in ad
dition to their comfortable winter residences
in the cities.
They themselves tell about how much medi
cine and medical treatment they give away
in foreign lands. They themselves describe
the splendid churches, colleges, boarding
schools, kindergartens, hospitals, asylums, or
phanages and widows' homes that they are
scattering all over the heathen world.
They themselves brag about the luxurious
houseboats that are furnished them in China
and in Africa.
They themselves boast of the free secular
education which they give to the children of
India, of Korea, of Japan, of China.
I myself know nothing about it —have not
pretended to know*. A statement made at my
house by a Methodist minister who had been
a missionary in China, together with some
thing that was told me concerning a Baptist
missionary, excited my curiosity. The result
was a laborious investigation of literature in
favor of Foreign Missions.
Ihe ■weapons used came from their own
armory. Some of the most telling points
made were inspired by such publications as
the reports of conferences and associations;
papers like Go Forward; books like Bishop
Bash fords “God's Plan of Mission Work”,
and the Dr. Carpenter book. “Mission Eco
nomics".
l\o one has been asked to take my word for
a single fact. In every instance the authority
has been cited—generally the page of the
book and the date of the missionary paper
or magazine has been given.
Therefore, if any statement made by me
was inaccurate, my exposure was made easy.
I he only fact upon w hich I have been cor
rected was the statement concerning that gold
lettered Baptist church in Soochow. Dr.
Smith, of Richmond. Virginia, wrote to the
Christian Index. stating that said church was
built with the funds of an individual con
tributor, instead of the collective funds of the
missions—a distinction which makes little
difference.
EH®
Must We Also Monkey With
Methuselah ?
The American Indians, you know, used to
count time by “moons". Something had hap
pened, so many “moons’ ago; or something
would be done, in so many “moons” in the fu
ture.
A knowledge of this fact inclines one to
believe that when the Bible says that Methu
selah lived 967 years, it means that number
of “moons,”—the Hebrews having, at that
time, the same way of counting time as our
Indians had. (bo the scholars are saying.)
Consequently. Methuselah was not quite 79
years old when he left us. So, we need not
be envious of the old gentleman any more.
He got only his share, after all.
At a later date, the Jew’s began to reckon
five “moons” as a year. (So the scholars are
saying.) This five-moon rule, they claim, ap
plies to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. Conse
quently, those old fellows did not get more
than their share, either.
Os course, you needn't believe any of this,
unless you want to. These scholars don’t
know’ it all, any more than you do.
I don't much approve of the way they are
acting, nohow.
When it comes to the Biblical account of
creation, they contend that “days” mean
“centuries”; but when they go to monkeying
with the Patriarchs, they claim that “years’’
mean “months".
Such scholastic inconsistency is scandalous.
I call upon the Washington (D. C.) Herald.
particularly, to help us all put a check on the
doings of these iconoclastic High Brows.
PAGE THIRTEEN