last year in ths establishing of new indus
tries in the South. It will thus be seen that
neither politics nor panics could stop the in
dustrial growth of the South' during the year
1907 as the total number of new industries
established during that period as reported to
the Tradesman was 6,483 m against 6,411 for
the year 1906, which up to that time was the
banner year in the South’s history in the es
tablishing of new industries.
‘ ‘ The character of these industries embraces
all kinds of manufacturing enterprises in
which wood working plants predominate, but
showing the widest possible diversification.
“The following list by states presents the
number established in each state, giving Tex
as a large lead over all others with the new
state of Oklahoma second, North Carolina
third, and Alabama tied with Virginia for the
fourth:
‘ ‘ Alabama, 498; Arkansas, 442; Florida, 92;
Georgia, 279; Kentucky, 371; Louisiana, 313;
Mississippi, 239; North Carolina, 573; Okla
homa, 794; South Carolina, 173; Tennessee,
451; Texas, 1,383; Virginia, 498; West Virgin
ia, 377. Total, 6,483.’’-—Nashville Banner.
THE STENOGRAPHER’S LETTER OF
WARNING.
Atlanta, Ga., March 25, 1906.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: As a preface to my let
ter I wish to advise that I am connected with
a firm in this city who do public stenographic
work, and in that capacity I several days ago
wrote two letters for a certain party, whose
name I was unable to learn, the substance of
which I give you in confidence as a matter
of personal information, thinking possibly it
might interest you, and offer some slight en
couragement to you in the magnificent fight
which you are making against the “vested in
terests. ’ ’
The gentleman referred to was stopping at
the Piedmont Hotel, this city, and I judged
from what I could gather from his letters that
he was on a trip through the South in the in
terest of some faction of the Republican par
ty with reference to the campaign of 1908,
and I further surmised from his letters that
it was the intention of whoever he was rep
resenting to nominate Vice President Fair
banks for President in 1908.
His first letter was to some railroad man in
Chicago—Vice President of the Rock Island—
in which he stated that a good deal of senti
ment had been aroused against Fairbanks in
the South by the recent cartoon in Collier’s
picturing Fairbanks as “The Ice-Man,” caus
ing Southern Republicans to fear a repetition
of the Harrison administration. He further
stated that he had little hopes for the success
of any nominee of the Republican party in
1908, because of the agitation for Govern
mental Ownership, and Municipal Ownership.
He then commented on the campaign on in
Georgia, speaking of Howell as representing
the railroads and corporate interests, and say
ing that the fight was causing the railroads
“to come out in the open, and the bringing to
attention a good many things that might bet
ter be left hid.”
He then wrote a long letter to Vice Presi-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
dent Fairbanks, marking it “personal and con
fidential”; first mentioning the cartoon in Col
lier’s, making the same comment as in his first
letter. He then went on to enlarge on the
dangers to party success which would be
brought about by the agitation for Govern
mental and Municipal Ownership, stating that
something must be done to check this agita
tion, that if something was not done the peo
pla who represented the “intelligence, educa
tion, law-abiding and Christianity” would
lose control, and the “uneducated, unintelli
gent, law-defiling and anarchist element”
would gain control. He suggested that the
best thing that could be done to kill this de
mand of the people for Governmental On wor
ship, and thereby the demand for Municipal
Ownership, would be to line up all the Rail
road Brotherhoods to fight Governmental Own
ership of the railroads, stating that if the Gov
ernment assumed control of the railroads, it
would necessitate the dissolving of these
Brotherhood, and that as these Brother
hoods had been some fifty years get
ting organized, they would not want to see the
effects of their “time, work and money” come
to naught.
He then stated that he wanted to see the
methods of the late Mr. Hanna applied to
“this” campaign, and that certain parties in
different sections of the country must be
“stood up in a corner and told what was
what.”
He closed his letter by saying he was on his
way to Washington and would call on the Vice
President for “a personal conference.”
The above is a recital of the main points
of the two letters, which were quite lengthy.
I did not take shorthand notes on them, else
would give you a duplicate, but am writing
them from memory. I realize, Mr. Watson,
that I am violating professional duty in writ
ing you as I#am, but’it is an old saying that
the “devil has to be fought with fire,” and
when 1 saw in black and white the cold-blood
ed plans of the ruling power to keep them
selves so, and to organize one element of the
common people to neutralize the efforts of an
other to obtain much needed and long, long
overdue reforms, I made up my mind right
then that, whether it was treachery or not, I
was going to let you know, who is so nobly
leading this fight for the common people, of
this one of the plans of the Plutocrats to keep
them in bondage.
I am writing you this with the hope that
you can make use of the information in a gen
eral way in your Magazine, calling the at
tention of the Railroad Brotherhoods to the
fact that an attempt will probably be made to
use them as a cat’s-paw of the party in power
to kill the demands of the people. I have
some little knowledge of Railroad Brother
hoods, and know that they generally line up
with the railroads in any effort to take from
them any of their privileges—notably the ef
fort to get a two-cent fare—and I am afraid
that an effort to get them to fight Government
al Ownership would be only too successful.
Pardon me for writing such a long letter,
and believe me,
Yours for the common good,
1 G. H. A.
- New plan for Early Bearing Pecan Grove and
other fruits free, by mentioning Watson’s West
ly. 50 per cent reduction in price of trees. Sure
to live. No agents. FREIGHT PAID.
W. B. STONE & CO., Thomasville, Ga.
Deposit by Mail
It is perfectly safe to remit us by mail. Pass
books will be sent you by return mail.
FARMERS’ ACCOUNTS ESPECIALLY
SOLICITED.
Wo pay interest twice a year at rate es 4
cent.
The Augusta Savings Bank
823 Broad St.
WM, B. YOUNG, President.
J. G. WEIGLE, Cashier.
THE DIXIE BUSINESS COLLEGE.
The School for Thoroughness.
Only Thorough Course in Office Routine and
Touch Typewriting offered in the Southeastern
States. Most Comprehensive, up-to-date Book
keeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Banking and
Penmanship Courses in Atlanta. Write for Cat
alog and Special Summer Rates.
H. L. BRIDGES & BERNARD C. ANSTBO,
Proprietors.
Special Offer
A two years’ subscription to The Jeffersonian
Magazine will be accepted for $2.50
A three years’ subscription will be given for
$3.00
No commission can be paid on these special
rates.
Iho price of the one year’s subscription re
mains $1.50. Address
THE JEFFERSON I A|N, Thomson, Ga.
WAKEFIELD Poultry Yards has a few more
Barred Plymouth Rock and White Wyandotte
cockerels for sale at $1.50. Send in your order
now so you can get eggs early in the season.
My barred Rocks are almost perfect in color.
All orders filled from now until February 1
at $1 for 13; after then $1.50. Order now, will
ship when you want them. W. A. LILES, Prop.
Wakefield, N. C. ’
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nion Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly Jes
fersonian. Both one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIVE