ings miscalled Christianity. The mod
ern church is the greatest foe of man,
and the churchgoer a blind dupe.
Os course my views are extremely
unpleasant to the Russian church, and
often it has plotted how to get rid of
me. Many suppose that I have so far
escaped imprisonment simply because
of my prominence, but there may be
another reason, which I am unable to
explain.
I am not afraid of any punishment,
and would be happy if I might share
it with the many martyrs who have
suffered for truth and justice. Perse
cution gives freedom strength, and
suffering ennobles and purities.
Speaking of my past I condemn my
self unreservedly, for all my faults
and errors were the natural result of
my aristocratic birth and training,
which is the worst thing that can be
fall a man, as it stifles every human
A Glance At the March Magazine
Watson's Jeffersonian Magazine has
sometimes been called the truth-seek-
treasury. The March issue is this,
and more. In the resumption of the
“Life and Times of Andrew Jack
son,” Mr. Watson begins a new, en
thralling story, for which previous
chapters seem but to have paved the
way. This number is especially rich
in biography. Through the sketch of
Edgar Allan Poe, one comes to know
this quaint, bizarre character as he
was —neither the Poe of fulsome adu
lation, nor the Poe of utter degrada
tion —Hut as a man of splendid genius
with some traits from which one in
evitably recoils. In “A Forgotten
Scholar,” Hugh Swinton Legare
broods, wraith-like, at the threshold of
today, and tears, as “from the depth
of some divine despair,” moisten the
eyes of those who read of the man’s
strange futility. Why, living, did les
ser men so dim his lustre? Why,
dead, has the world even yet withheld
that tribute so often paid, when just
too late?
In “Wit and Humor,” the question
is asked: Why do we laugh? Fol
lows a —but no; any attempt at de
scription would merely spoil one of
the most delicious of literary creations
for the reader.
Pros and cons as to woman’s suf
frage will both be interested in “A
Wide Revolution,” by Tom Dolan in
Survey of the World. Among other
live topics is treated the Japanese sit
uation on the Pacific slope.
Nothing better has ever been done
in child life stories than Stuart B.
Stone has given in “The Halls of Im-
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys (and I believe there are some
girls named “Tommie”)—who get the largest number of subscriptions
to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE between now and July 4, 1909,
I will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN,
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
instinct. Turgeneff wrote to me: “You
have tried for many years to become
a peasant in conduct as well as in
ideas, but yon nevertheless are the
same aristocrat. You are good hearted
and have a charming personality, but
1 have observed that in all your prac
tical dealings with the peasants you
remain the patronizing master who
likes to be esteemed for his benefac
tions and to be considered the bounte
ous patriarch,” in which he was very
right.
I am not a lover of sports and ath
letics, for these I consider a misuse
of energy, which might do much to
relieve the poor. I am greatly in
sympathy with the settlement work in
America, but I do not believe in insti
tutionalized charity or in mechanical
philanthrophy, but only in individual
effort to relieve suffering.—New Kork
World.
mature Bliss,” while those who enjoy
“shuddery” things will get an en
tirely new kind of spinal creeps from
“The Vital Spark,” by Berta Hart
Nance. A scientist believes he has
found it, and knows how to extinguish
or rekindle it at will. He tries the
experiment—on the affianced of his
own daughter. “The Dangers of In
trospective Love" is a one-act play in
the best vein of Don Marquis.
The regular departments, for which
those familiar with the magazine will
eagerly look, are even better than
usual, but the publication is entirely
too full of good contributions to at
tempt a resume of them all, while the,
whole is brightened by dainty verse
and clever illustrations and cartoons.
THE FINISH.
Said She —Do you think woman will
ever be man’s equal?
Said He—Why, she has been his
sequel right from the start. —Chicago
Daily News.
RENEW! RENEW!
Send one dollar for the Weekly, or
two dollars for both Jeffersonians
(Weekly and Magazine), and get Up
to-Date Farming for one year and fif
ty domestic and foreign post cards
Are You Tired of Doctors?
Try Vitae-Ore and see what it will do for
you. it has cured hundreds of people that
the doctors could not help. You can get
a package simply by writing for it. Read
the advertisement on last page.
dje 3efffctsonian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a targe number of new subscribers at once, we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersoni&n 3 Months ) AU Fo
Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months 61 IT
20 American Girl Post cards (
Membership in Up-to-Date Pod Card Exchange J
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Capiiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating, 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kitlie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop, 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Dela- 45. Shipwrecked.
ware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. -50. Beauty Study.
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now, al! over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our Readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close for trial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial i s up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. RP. O
County State
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN