PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
>
ATLANTA, GA., MARCH 11, 1909.
Hnlv Would This Do ?
Everybody who is interested in our public
affairs realizes that there is a universal desire
to make the will of the people felt.
Everybody is sick and tired of caucus rule,
ring rule, wire-puller rule, corporation rule,
and crooked rule of all kinds. The people,
of all political parties, want more of the rope.
They hear both the old parties abusing each
other and uniting to squander the money and
to enact vicious legislation. The people want
more power. They feel that they have lost
out, in the shuffle. They never know what’s
to be done, until after it’s done, and then it is
too late to undo it.
But nobody seems to know what remedy to
apply. Nobody comes forward with a plan.
From the two old parties no relief is to-be
expected. Republican leaders are henchmen
of the Special-Privilege plutocrats, the Demo
cratic leaders are nothing in the world but
Assistant Republicans. Here we have seen
them, in THIS Congress, working harmo
niously with the Republicans to squander a
thousand million dollars of your money, and
then trying to throw dust in your eyes by
making a noisy fight over some little item like •
an increase of $3,000 in the Speaker’s pay!
We can't expect relief from the Socialists
for they are headed for a bloody revolution
and a reign of elemental chaos. The Popu
lists are disorganized and their name dis
credited.
Then, what can be done? To this problem,
the Jeffersonian has devoted much earnest
thought. It has recently occurred to him that
the simplest plan might be the best. We na
tive born Americans spring from the old Teu
tonic stocks who originated every law in a
meeting of the tribe.
The people assembled themselves together,
discussed their public affairs, and decided
what to do. Thus public opinion was formed,
and laws made and upheld. In%this simple
manner , they had a government of the people,
by the people, and for the people,—a form of
words which was in use some 500 years before
Mr. Lincoln delivered his Gettysburg speech.
During Mr. Jefferson’s administration, as he
afterwards declared, he felt the ground trem
ble under him, because of New England’s agi
tation in her town meetings.
It was the popular movement in New Eng
land which compelled Mr. Madison to put an
end to the War of 1812.
Why could we not inaugurate a series of
county mass-meetings to discuss measures, not
men, nor parties?
At those meetings, the people of all parties
might come together as citizens of a edmmon
country solicitous for its present and future
welfare. Leave out party names altogether.
Make no allusion to past differences.
the discussion to interchange of views, to pub
lic questions which affect alike men of all par
ties.
Here are some of the pressing matters upon
which resolutions might be adopted'
151) c. ‘Seffersonlaa
The extravagance of our national govern
ment :
The enormous 'increase of the cost of our
military and naval establishments:
The disregard of law by our President and
out Congressmen:
The perils of foreign immigration:
The giving of fifty million dollars per year
to the railroads for carrying the mails:
The Parcels Post, the inheritance tax, Postal
Savings banks, Free trade for all the neces
saries of life, and for all articles controlled by
a Trust:
Direct legislation, and the right to Recall
any public servant who has gone back on his
constituents.
These are merely suggestions as to what
line of discussion the public meetings might
take.
At such assemblies, the votes of the Con
gressman of that District, and the two Sena
tors of the State, would be a legitimate topic.
Suppose county after county should act,
passing strong resolutions, and instruct
ing their Representatives and Senators to -thus
and so, —the effect would be prodigious.
There would be in meetings such as these
none of the bitterness, excitement and preju
dice which are inseparable from political cam
paigns. That fact of itself would give tre
mendous weight to the resolutions adopted.
By the time every county of a Congressional
district put its written instructions on its mem
ber of Congress, he would be a people’s man,
or he would have to get out.
By the time a majority of counties of a State
fired resolutions at their Senators, they would
begin to vote and work for what the UN
PRIVILEGED want.
The plan we suggest is simple, costs noth
ing, does not take any man into a dreaded
“third party,” and does give the plain people
an easy mode of taking the reins of power
back into their own hands.
Before the Civil War, the common folks
ruled the country in this very way. It can be
done again.
1? M M
The Lawlessness of a Ring.
Unless all signs fail, there are -stormy times
ahead, in the State of Tennessee. The Patter-.
son-Cox-Cooper ring is desperate. To block
the wheels of government and to keep the peo
ple from getting a fair whack at the machine,
thirteen Senators have violated their oaths of
office and fled into concealment. It is reported
that they have left the State.
The majority vote in the Legislature repre
sents the people of Tennessee. The Governor
represents the Ring.
The Legislature passed certain primary-elec
tion laws, designed to put the politics of the
State in the control of the people. Fearing
that the new law would overthrow the Ring,
Governor Patterson vetoed it. There are a
sufficient number of anti-Ring members of the
Legislature to pass the Primary Bill over the
veto. But the Ring, defiant of public opinion
and in contempt of law, is determined to stay
in power. To prevent the Legislature from
again acting on the election laws, thirteen of
the Ringsters have abandoned their posts of
duty, leaving the Senate without a quorum.
In effect, these thirteen Ringsters lawlessly
dissolve the highest law-making body of the
State, to prevent the people from getting the
law which they need and demand.
Suppose that thirteen Socialists had been
guilty of such a crime against orderly govern
ment !
Suppose thirteen Populists had plunged the
Legislature into a chaos of that sort!
Oh, wouldn’t the city dailies have raved and
raged and volleyed and thundered?
Column after column would have bristled
with abusive epithets,—Revolutionists, An-
archists, incendiaries, perjurers, bushwhackers,
sowers of sedition, traitors to trust, enemies of
peace and good order, and so forth and so on.
But this unprecedented crime against orderly
government has been committed by members
of one or other of the two old parties and very
little is being said about it. Yet who is it
that cannot realize the gravity of the offense?
To keep itself in power, the Ring has law
lessly broken up the Senate, without whose
concurrence laws cannot be made.
If the action of these thirteen Senators is
not TREASON, within the definition of the
statutes, it is JUST THAT, in its conse
quences.
M M M
Do Oaths Hind?
The President of the United States, as all
the world knows takes the oath of office in
public, with great ceremony and before a mul
titude of people. The chief Judge of our high
est Court administers this oath, which binds
the President to faithfully uphold and obey the
Constitution, and execute the laws.
Members of Congress, likewise, are solemnly
sworn on Holy Writ to be faithful to the Con
stitution and the laws.
Do these oaths have any influence upon the
officials who take them? Are they remem
bered an hour after they are taken?
We fear not. Oath-taking is so common
that it is generally regarded as a mere form.
Let us see:'the Constitution of the United
States very plainly says that the salary and
emoluments of the President shall not be in
creased during his term in office. Salary, of
course, means the direct compensation in
money. Since the time of Gen. Grant, the
salary has been $50,000 per year. During Mr.
Roosevelt’s term the salary has not been in
creased, but the emoluments have. In that
connection, the word emolument means ad
vantage, profit, or gain attached to the office.
Now, when Mr. Roosevelt was first elected, he
had to pay his own travelling expenses, as
the Emperor of Germany does. But Con
gress passed a law giving Mr. Roosevelt
$25,000 a year to cover his travelling expenses.
That was a gain, an advantage, which he did
not have before the law was passed. In every
sense of the word it was an emolument.
What right did Congress and the President
have to add this advantage to his office during
his term ?
None whatever. They violated a plain pro
vision of the Constitution which they had sol
emnly sworn to uphold.
The emoluments of the President’s office
have been increased largely in several other
respects, since Mr. Roosevelt entered the
White House. In fact, he, personally, has
been, beyond all comparison, the most expen
sive tenant we have eyer had in the Executive
Mansion.
Take another instance: the President and
Congress have had hundreds of houses built
for the dagoes who lost their homes by the
earthquakes in Sicily and Calabria. One news
paper report put the number of these gift
houses at 3,000* But suppose the number was
only 500 as originally intended,—-the question
is, By what authority did Congress and the
President take your money out of treasury
and build these gift houses for the poor peonle
of Italy? ' F
I here isn t a line in the Constitution which
can be twisted into sanctioning any such mis
iise of public funds. Yet, all the Senators and
Representatives voted for the appropriation.
Bailey of lexas did not, but his was the only
name reported in the negative.
Your Senator, and your Congressman vio
lated his solemn oath when he voted away
your money for those gift houses.
Won’t you please write to your Representa
tive and your Senator and DEMAND TO