PAGE FOURTEEN
EDUCATIONAL.
a Tays for Life Scholarship
in the famous Byrne Simpli
fied Shorthand or Practical
Bookkeeping in the Athens
Business College, Athens,
Ga., Georgia’s largest com
mercial school. Positions
secured. Fill in name and
address, receive large free
catalog.
Name
Address
PositTonS
Draughon gives contracts, backed by chain
of 30 Colleges, $300,000.00 capital, and 19
years’ success, to secure positions under
reasonable conditions or refund tuition.
BOOKKEEPING BSkFB
proposition, concede that he teaches more
Bookkeeping In THREE months than they
do in SIX. Draughon can convince YOU.
SHORTHAND
■ ■ Court Reporters
write the system of Shorthand Draughon
teaches, because they know It is THE BEST.
FOR FREE CATALOGUE and booklet “Why
Learn Telegraphy?” which explain all, call
on or write Jno. F. Draughon, President
DRAUGHON’S
PRACTICAL BUSINESS COLLEGE
(WE also teach BY MAIL)
ATLANTA, COLUMBIA, JACKSON
VILLE, MONTGOMERY, NASHVILLE,
OR WASHINGTON, D. C.
F. 6 W. Automatic
" - " HAND G ■
HIGHSPEED
Sewing® Machine
■AMU
Price only
Extreme height, 7% inches. Extreme width,
811 inches. Weight 64 ounces. Boxed, ready to
ship, 80 ounces.
This is not a Toy, but a practical Sewing Ma
chine, making a stitch exactly like the “Wilcox
& Gibbs Automatic”—it sews perfectly, making
as good a stitch as a $75 Sewing Machine.
If you haven’t room for a large machine, this is
indispensable ; or if you have a large one, use this
as a supplement for quick service at home, and
when you go to the country or travel. For making
children’s clothing, its chain stich is preferable tc
the lock stitch.
This handsome machine will be
given as a PREMIUM to anyone who
sends us ten subscriptions to the
Weekly Jeffersonian at sl, or 15 sub
scriptions to the Jeffersonian Maga
zine at sl.
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE
One Wind Mill, cost S3OO. Will
exchange for an Automobile or good
young horse or mare. S2O will put
it in good condition.
Reason for selling, have bought a
gasoline engine to pump, saw and
thresh.
Also fine car of Cotton seed ready
for shipment.
Address GEO. W. TRUITT,
LaGrange, Ga.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist. Ad
dress: Publisher Humorist, St. Louis,
Mo, In ordering your reading matter,
don’t fail to include the Humorist.
Say, Mr. Farmer!
Never before in the history of our
country has there been a time when
scientific farming received more at
tention than it is receiving at the
present time. It behooves every man
selecting farming as an occupation to
avail himself of every opportunity to
keep abreast of the time. It is also
necessary for his wife to know the
“ins and outs” of her department—the
home —in order that both may work
systematically. It is every man’s
duty to post hisaelf in all the differ
ent features of Mrm life and to do so
he must have the right kind of litera
ture. His wife must also have some
thing for her department, and to
these ends the Texas Farmer, a week
ly farm journal, stands without a peer.
This journal should go into every far
mer’s home every week. For the pur
pose of putting it there we are going
to make an unheard of offer, an offer
that will not hold good after October 1
because the price and what we offer is
too ridiculously low for us to continue
it and make good.
We will send the Texas Farmer and
the National Home Journal, both, one
year for 95 cents; the publishers’ price
being $1.50. As an inducement for you
to hurry in your subscriptton we will
give to each of the first 7,000 sub
scribers one share in a well we are
going to bore for oil in an oil district
on on a 2,000 acre lease. If we get oil,
both the lease and the well will belong
absolutely to these 7,000 subscribers
and will mean at least one or two
thousand dollars to each of them.
If the oil is found to exist in paying
quantities a company will then be or
ganized by us and each subscriber is
to pay in sll more. One of which is
to go to us for our part in carrying
the proposition through to a success
ful issue, and the other ten is to go
into the treasury of the new com
pany for developing purposes; in other
words, to bore more wells on the lease
and conduct the business of the com
pany in general. The well does not
cost me subscribers one cent. We are
depositing with the First State Bank
of Dallas, to the credit of a trustee, 35
cents out of the amount received from
every subscriber for the purpose of
boring the well. If we get oil, and
we are going to bore in an oil district,
each subscriber’s share will be worth
one or two thousand dollars and he
will not then mind paying in the
other sll which will develop it and
make it worth much more to him.
REMEMBER, WE ARE AFTER
THESE 7,000 SUBSCRIBERS AND
WANT THEM WITHIN THE NEXT
SIXTY DAYS and will send these
papers at this price until November 1
in effort to get them by that time if
possible. Don’t lose any time study
ing over the matter, as the well does
not cost you one cent unless we get
oil, and if we do strike it just sll is
all it will cost you afterward. Only
one share is allowed to one person,
which makes it a '‘square deal” for all
alike. Hurry in your subscription to
day and both the papers will be sent
you for one year and also a certificate
f r your share in the well. Send
money by any safe means, but no pri
vate checks will be accepted unless
ten cents is added for collection.
Hurry up and get in on time.
SMITH’S CO-OPERATIVE AQENCY,
Dallas, Texas.
Jeffersonian
AMVDirAN MATH INF RY STANDARD MACHINERY
AMtKIIAN DlAunlDltKl Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
z jvuiu rvuviau » « gines. Don’t buy until you get our pnees-and
ATLANTA •• GEORGIA catalo S- We sell every thing in Machinery and
* * prices right.
A Premium
[■ For 3 Magazine Subscrip
■l tions at SI.OO or 2
Weekly Sob-
■n scriptions
111
® Adjustable
® Shears
H|| Ji These Shears are made of
special, steel, full nickel plat
r Wwy ed an d highly finished, fitted
Ik with an u to take up
the wear, so that they pre-
Hr serve their cutting edges au-
II tomatically. They also have a
It W patent device for regulating
(f ■ the length of the cut. They
Writ I are eight inches long, and
m IFI I H w *h buttonholes or long
vw Jk II » s t p ips with equal facility.
|1 Jp/ See Pa Q e Seven for “How to
Get UP a Club.”
■■in ■ ■ ■■■■■■ ■ ■■■ ... ■UM 1 WW-hmi ■'■ii- ■■ 11
“If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue frem such a policy
in the next ten years.’’—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übe (Georgia THome
Insurance Go.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since OrganisationOver Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE] In the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY. ... „ „
It Is bright and uj>to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It Is full of fine
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous P e °P le - Send at once. 16 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 00
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back if not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. «J. V Birmingham, Ala.