PAGE FOURTEEN
“BETTER WATCH OUT.”
Atlanta, Ga., Dec. 21, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Jeffersonian.
Dear Sir: It is said that the late
Hon. L. F. Livingston intends intro
ducing a postal savings bank bill.
Better watch out; may be some
thing black in the woodpile.
As a delegate to the National Peo
ple’s Party Convention of 1888, at
Cincinnati, I helped to make a plat
form; the first to advocate a postal
savings bank system.
Our proposition being, not only the
positive insurance of the savings of
the depositors, but also the loaning
of the deposits direct from the postal
bank to any one within jurisdiction
of the same who could offer unques
tionable real security; said security
being as absolute for the payment of
the loan as it is for taxes, and that
without undue cost of foreclosure
proceedings; the interest on time
deposits to be about two per cent,
the borrower to pay three or three
and a half per cent; something near
the average rate of increase of
wealth.
Since 1888 the postal savings bank
policy has become very popular with
the people and politicians are taking
advantage thereof through the advo
cacy of something under that head.
And there is now pending before
Congress the Carter Postal Savings
Bank head, with a National Bank
tail; the intention being, of course,
that the tail shall wag the head. The
interstate commerce bill, as at first
presented and advocated, was a popu
lar measure before the people; but
by the time it get through Congress
Ragan, the daddy of the bill, was
very properly ashamed of it.
Now look out for Livingston’s P.
S. B. bill, lest he gets on it with
both feet as he did with the Ocala
platform.
For thirty-two years I have been
an open and avowed Populist, and
have had my full share of hard
knocks therefor; during all this time
my hardest knocks have come because
of my temerity in expressing the be
lief that a solid dominant party is
the bane of our section. But now I
see a hopeful sign; a rift in the
cloud that has heretofore 11 covered
Dixie like the dew,” and spread a
dam —p —ness o’er it too. And I
am still hopefully and faithfully,
C. T. Parker.
&
IT MUST COME.
We cannot see how any man with
fair intelligence can fail to see that
a parcels post must come in time.
There is every fair argument to show
that such a postal service would bene
fit the people. Other nations have it,
and our people suffer without it. It
has got to come eventually, and will
come just as soon as the people un
derstand their rights. Those who
fight so to oppose it will get out of
the way and prepare themselves for
the change or get run over. —Win-
chester (Ind.) Star.
Speaker Cannon denies that he is
tyrannical in his rulings in the House.
He is too smooth for a tyrant. He
reaches the same end by a different
route. —Valdosta (Ga.) Times.
TO KNOW AN ARTIST.
The Munich Jugend has discovered
five new signs by which to detect the
school to which a painter belongs:
(1) If he paints the sky gray and
the grass black, he belongs to the
good old classical school-; (2) if he
paints the sky blue and the grass
green, he is a realist; (3) if he paints
the sky green and the grass blue, he
is an impressionist; (4) if he paints
the sky yellow and the grass purple,
he is a colorist; (5) if he paints the
sky black and the grass red, he shows
possession of great decorative talent.
—Literary Digest.
DESERTED NESTS.
I’d rather see an empty bough,
A dreary, weary bough, that hung
As boughs will hang within whose
arms
No mater birds had ever sung;
Far rather than to see or touch
The sadness of an empty nest,
Where joy has been, but is not now;
Where love has been, but is not
blest.
There is no sadness in the world,
No other like it here or there—
The sadness of deserted homes
In nests, or hearts, or anywhere.
—Elizabeth Stuart Phelps.
THE KITCHEN GOD.
The kitchen god of China is per
haps not rightly so called. He has
place over the cooking range, but he
is the “recording angel” of the
Chinese house, and it is his duty to
note the actions of, each member of
the family and report them to the
gods at the end of every month. Once
a year, too, he goes to heaven in per
son and makes his annual report. So
once a year the family prostrate
themselves before him,- carry him in
procession, and finally burn him,
while crackers are fired. —London Il
lustrated News.
LEAF TOBACCO.
Write to Dick Madden, Wingo, Ky.,
for sample and price of leaf tobacco.
Dr. I. A. Wesson says he is all right.
A HANDSOME FAIR OF
DON’T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles to genuine, bona-f ide
spectacle—wearers in the next few
weeks —on condition that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere.
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat Recoil) Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: —DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 318 St. Louis,Mo.
NOTE:—The above is theYargest Mail Order Spectacle
House in the world, ana perfectly reliable.
Jeffersonian
amedwan MirniNcnv standard machine r_y
AMBKIvAN WlAvnlNtni Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
io caitth varcvtm ctrfrt Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En
-49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Don > t buy untn you get our prices and
ATLANTA, :: GEORGIA Tight® ever 7 thing in Machiner l and
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three geaurattons have been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the ruattei of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy la, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of .three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Pood and Drug Act
of June SO, 1908.
WATERLOO
"Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where* is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE /
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE tn the world for lb,
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY. j
It is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It la full of fine}
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents, 'a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years /SO
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for SI. Send us a club. Money back If mot
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. J., Birmingham, Ala.
Sixteen F>a o e s Weekly
SAMPLE FREE
Trial Weeks
_ Only 25 Ceots
PHINIZY 8c CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia 4