PAGE TEN
LET7EKS EROM THE PEOPLE
Montevideo, Minn., Feb. 3, 1908.
Dear Sir: Your splendid “Bethany” re
ceived and I like it immensely.
As you are aware the western part of Min
nesota was mainly settled by foreigners —
Swedes, Danes, Germans, Irish and a few
Yankees. The textbook on the American sit
uation mostly read in the old country was
Uncle Tom’s Cabin.
As a seven-year-old child I had read that
and more or less garbled editorials from illus
trated papers in Norway. We were all taught
to love and venerate Lincoln, Grant, etc., and
to hate the “nigger-whipping” Toombs, Yan
cey, Davis, Stevens, etc. In short, the immi
grants come loaded with prejudices —preju-
dices fanned into flame by the returned sol
diers and the politicians.
A sober and impartial treatise like Bethany
ought to do “lots” of good here.
Yours respectfully,
0. H. ARNTZEN.
Seattle, Wash, Feb. 10, 1908.
Dear Sir: A few evenings since in a lecture
on the Problem of the Unemployed and its
Solution, I had occasion to refer to the Bank
of Venice and its Notes, Credits or Clearing
House Certificates. I asserted that for many
years they commanded a premium in the
markets of the world over gold. A critic as
serted that the reason of the premium was due
to the fact that the financial interests of the
world thought the vaults of the Government
of Venice were bursting with the yellow metal
and that that was the reason Napoleon took
the city and destroyed the Government —in
the hope and expectation of getting a train
load of gold. I insisted that the premium was
due to the fact that the Government of Venice
received them freely at their face in payment
of all obligations due the Commonwealth.
Which, if either, is true?
Yours very truly,
W.‘ S. VARNUM.
(You were right. The other fellow has been
doping his mind on editorials in the daily
papers.)
Hattiesburg, Miss., Feb. 14, 1908.
Dear Sir: Having been a middle of the
road populist ever since the first organization.
I am going to ask your opinion, if you will
rive it, as regards our municipal government
of this city.
Our little city of about 20,000 people have
issued about all the bonds that they are al
lowed to issue, and perhaps will need a few
thousand dollars more yet. Would it be legal
or advisable for us to issue a small amount of
bills receivable, in small denominations that,
might be used or circulated in our city re
ceivable in taxes? Hoping you will give us
your reply, yours truly,
J. R. HANEY.
( It will not be legal, but go ahead and do it
anyway. Why shouldn’t Hattiesburg issue
scrip, as well as any other old place? Copy
after the banks and make laws\to suit your
selves.)
1 HE JEFFERSONIAN.
Wrightsville, Ga., Feb. 13, 1908.
Dear Sir: After receiving your; postal,
December 1, I desired to make you up a small
club of names as follows: H. W. Snell, Win
ter Haven, Fla., monthly magazine; B. H.
Ford, Wrightsville, Ga., J. G. Kent, Adel, Ga.,
monthly magazine; T. W. Kent, Wrightsville,
Ga., monthly magazine; J. T. Dickens,
Wrightsville, Ga., weekly Jeffersonian'. En
closed you will find cheek for same, $4.65.
Please begin with the February number.
Hurrah for Tom Watson and Roosevelt! I
am nearly eighty years old. I want to live
long enough to see you both in the White
House. I wish you may live long and be
able to tell the people what the Wall Street
rascals are doing.
Very truly,
T. H. KENT.
Hattiesburg, Miss., Feb. 12, 1908.
. Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $1 to pay
for Jeffersonian one year to be sent to J. E.
Carnathan, Porterville, Kemper county, Miss.
I would suggest that.you send him a few sam
ple copies for distribution in his Union of
farmers, as he will take a delight in handing
them around. Your friend,
J. H. MONTAGUE.
/
DeQueen, Ark., Feb. 12, 1908.
Dear Sir: In 1859, or ’6O, a young lawyer
by the name of John Bulloch from Georgia
came to this county and located at Paraclifta,
the old county seat. He returned to Georgia
in the spring of 1861 to take part in the
coming conflict. We were very intimate friends
but I have never learned whether he lived
through the war or not. I would like to
know what became of him and whether he was
related to Mrs. Roosevelt, the mother of the
president.
I am made to rejoice at the increased circu
lation of your publications. They deserve long
life and prosperity. It is some consolation to
us old Populists to read Senator Clay’s letter
and that Houston Chronicle editorial. For
fifteen years or more you and your following
have been proclaiming these doctrines, though
they had eyes they could not see, ears but they
could not hear, neither could they understand;
we were simply called a lot of long-haired
“calamity-howlers,” and denounced and ridi
culed from one end of the land to the other.
Isn’t the Aldrich Currency bill a dandy?—
for the National Bankers?
What about our famous Rat Exterminator?
Wouldn’t it be an investigation?
Very truly your friend,
JOHN G. M’KEAN.
SO IT LOOKS TO US.
Linton, Miss.
Mr. Watson: I notice in the daily papers
that Senator Aldrich has introduced his finan
cial bill in the Senate. I can only see more
sugar for the Wall Street rascals and Nation
al bankers in this bill Is that the way von
see it ? And the Fowler bill is not much bet
ter. The only thing I have noticed in the way
of an honest financial bill is the one intro
duced by Senator Clay of Georgia. I have not
seen the full text of it, but understand it is
for the issuance by the National government
of $350,000,000 in “greenbacks.” If that is
correct, then I must put Senator Clay s name
in my political pot. If that is true, let us
have more like Senator Clay.
No reply expected to this from you, Mr.
Watson.
Yours truly,
R. E. THOMPSON.
SECOND TO NONE.
» Macon, Ga., Dec. 16, 1907.
My dear Sir: Herewith P. O. order for $2,
for which you will kindly enter my subscrip
tion for one year beginning with January,
1908, to the Weekly Jeffersonian and to the
Jeffersonian Magazine. These publications are
second to none, and rank foremost in the great
fight for true reform.
A warm admirer,
CHARLES W. LYENS.
FROM OLD LINCOLN.
Leathersville, Ga., Dec. 11, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find one dol
lar, for which please renew my weekly Jeffer
sonian. I have been a supporter of you and
your principles ever since you went to Con
gress and still feel proud of you and your
principles. I believe you are a God-sent man
to protect the poor and laboring class. I think
the time is fast coming when prejudice will
be laid aside and the people will give honor
to whom honor is due.
I. R. SMALLEY.
SAID JUST ENOUGH.
Dear Sir: I herewith enclose $2, for which
please renew my subscription to the monthly
and weekly Jeffersonians.
Yours truly,
A. C. ARNETT.
Loco, Lincoln County, Ga.
THIS THE HONEST MAN THAT
DIOGENES SOUGHT.
Odessadale, Ga., Jan. 16, 1908.
Enclosed find check for $2. I went in with
a club and got the paper for 50 cents. And
every time I pick up the Jeffersonian I feel
like 1 had stolen something, and to ease my
conscience I want to pay the full price of the
paper from the time I first subscribed. The
Jeffersonian comes as near being an all round
paper as can be gotten up.
Respectfully,
H. A. FLORENCE.
FROM MONTANA.
Lewiston, Mont., Dec. 2, 1907.
Dear Sir: Your card of November 21 re
ceived today. I will be glad to do anything
I can to assist you in your struggle to main
tain Jeffersonian principles. I have some idea