PAGE TEN
ZETTERJ nOM THE PEOPLE
AN APPRECIATIVE READER.
Terry, Miss, Jan. 1, 1908.
My Dear Sir: I see my time is out for
both the magazine and the Jeffersonian Week
ly, and as I do not want to miss a number of
either, I send postoffice order for $2.00 to
pay for both another year. Send them to
Clinton. I received your samples, card, etc.,
some time ago, and distributed the sample
copies of the weekly where I thought they’d
do the most good. I have a promise from sev
eral that they will subscribe for one or both
of the publications soon, but as I have not
been able to get around much of late I have
not secured them yet. You are doing a grand
work —a work that needs to be done —and it
seems that no one else will or can take hold
and do it.
Your efforts to rescue from oblivion those
beautiful gems of literature appearing in
The Jeffersonian Magazine are of themselves
worthy of the efforts you are bestowing, and
should place the magazine in the hands of a
million readers.
Then your own plain, bold and vigorous
English will capture wherever it is read. “The
Late” has not failed to captivate everyone
to whom I’ve shown it, and I’ve shown it to
quite a number. It is simply splendid. And
this recalls to my mind several other fine
things from your facile pen, viz: “A Tragedy
In a Tree Top,” “Shoot Luke, or Give Up
the Gun,” “Merely Incidental.” “Not
Quite,” and others that I could recall. Then
you tell use what we ought to know about pub
lic affairs, exposing the gross wrongs of those
in authority and pointing out better and saner
methods.
May you. live long enough to work along
these lines to awaken an interest in public
affairs that will revolutionize our country, and
restore peace, prosperity and equality of op
portunity to all.
I am an old Confederate Veteran and have
been in the reform ranks since 1878. I am
there to stay as long as there is anything to
stay with. Yours for better conditions,
N. M. HOLLINGSWORTH.
Clinton, Miss.
HAS ONE OF THE OLD “DEMAND
NOTES.”
Strafford, Mo., R. F. D. 3, Jan. 17, 1908.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find two dollars ($2)
for The Weekly Jeffersonian and The Jeffer
sonian Magazine. My time expired January
10th. I don’t want to miss a copy of either
If you have cancelled my name from your
mailing list before this reaches you, please
commence at this date, January 10th.
I can’t keep up with the times without I
get your publications. Your editorials on
the Greenback in controversy with the Wash
ington Post was instructive to me. I have one
of the five dollar notes of the Act of July 17,
1861. It has been a keep-sake in our family
since 1876.
Would like to help you spread your pub-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
lications. Enclosed find list soy sample dis
tribution. These are from my own township.
I am pretty much acquainted over the county,
but haven’t seen the boys lately to know how
many are taking your papers. With best
wishes to you and yours, I remain,
ARTHUR J. SMITH.
DR. WADE THINKS J. D. WRITES WELL.
Cuthbert, Ga.
Dear Sir: I am sending you check for
$2.50 to renew my subscription to both of
your publications. We can’t get along with
out them. There is only one thing that both- .
ers me with regard to your works, and that
is that you can’t live always. Your son
writes well, and I trust that he will be able
to take up your work where you will have to
leave it off. With best wishes, I am yours
truly, W. J. WADE.
THIS ENCOURAGES.
Elk Point, S. D., Jan. 14, 1908.
Dear Sir: lam in reecipt of your circular
letter in regard to the monthly Jeffersonian
Magazine, and have received sample copy of
the same, and have read it with much pleas
ure. It is certainly gratifying to read a
magazine which one knows speaks the real
thoughts of the writer. This is perhaps more
an age of thinking at the present time than
we have ever witnessed before.
The writer can remember back in the early
nineties when he was a subscriber to the Non
conformist, edited by the Vincent Brothers,
and I will always remember it as a paper
voicing the sentiments of the editors, and
one in which the subscribers felt that he
was touching elbows with the editors, and
I find that same quality in the Jeffersonian
Magazine.
Roosevelt has made all Republicans think,
Bryan has made all Democrats think, and
it is left for you, Mr. Watson, to make every
body think through this Jeffersonian Maga
zine of yours, and there is no doubt in my
mind, knowing the history of the past, that
you will accomplish the task. People are
tired of corporation owned magazines and
when they read the editorials on articles there
in they have no way of knowing whether they
are the sentiments of the writer or not, and
a magazine like yours is an intellectual relief
to every thoughtful thinker.
I eenclose herewith a draft for $2.00 in
payment of one year’s subscription to the
monthly Jeffersonian Magazine and Weekly
Jeffersonian, and I assure you that you have
my hearty support in your undertaking. Yours
sincerely, LOUIS N. CRILL.
FOR THREE YEARS.
Pine Bluff, Ark., Jan. 20, 1908.
Dear Sir: You will find enclosed $3.00
to pay for your magazine for three years, to
be sent to me at Pine Bluff, Ark., care Box
448, until further notice. You are doing a
grand work and if you keep pounding away
you will win a great battle for the common
people. I am going to write you a letter
some time soon that may be of interest to
you. With best wishes, I am very respect
fully, S. NORVELL.
BEEN “READING AFTER” US FOUR
TEEN YEARS.
Dear Mr. Watson: I take pleasure in en
closing you herewith my check for $2.50 to
renew my subscriptions to both the “Weekly
Jeffersonian” and Watson’s “Jeffersonian
Magazine.”
I have read nearly everything you have pub
lished during the past fourteen years, and
have no intention of leaving it off now. With
good wishes, I beg to remain, yours very
truly, A. A. M’CURRY.
A MISSISSIPPI PREACHER.
Port Gibson, Miss., Jan. 1, 1908.
The Jeffersonian Magazine.
During the last few weeks I have read
enough to fill a volume in newspapers and
magazines about the Nevada miners. All of
it put together is as dust in the balance when
weighed against the pure gold of that para
graph on page 22 of your January number.
Also give us more about the National banks
and the National bankers in the same key
as the concluding paragraph of your “Sur
vey of the World.” With best wishes, I am,
yours in truth, PERCY W. JONES.
OUR FLORIDA LIST GROWS.
Palmetto, Fla., Jan. 3, 1908.
Dear Sir: I enclose a money order for
two dollars, for which please send for one
year from date Watson’s Jeffersonian Maga
zine and Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, both
of which you offered for two dollars in “The
Sun” of Tallahassee some weeks ago, and
much oblige. Yours truly,
B. F. MANIRE, Sr.,
IT WAS JUST ENOUGH.
Warthen, Ga., Jan 3, 1908.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find postoffice
order for two dollars for my renewal to both
monthly and weekly. If this is not enough
keep papers coming and send bill for balance
due. Don’t let them stop as long as I can pay
for them. Very respectfully,
DR. C. D. REDDING.
HERE’S OUR FINE OLD FRIEND, DR.
BIVINS.
Ellaville, Ga., Jan. 2, 1908.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find money or
der for $1.50 for subscription to your maga
zine for 1908. R. T. BIVINS, M. D.
NOT HAPPY WITHOUT IT.
Los Angeles, Cal., Jan. 6, 1908.
Dear Sir: I have failed in receiving the
January number of the Jeffersonian. Fear
ing that my subscription had expired, I send