freedom and independence to admit of
the existence of a one-man political party.
It is possible to have a Tammany in
the city of New York. The plunder is
enormous,, and if the division of the
spoils is well managed, such an organiza
tion can hold together and maintain a
balance of power which will give it vir
tual control from decade to decade; but
this can not be done in national politics.
A Tammany machine, without principle
and with no other purpose than to serve
the personal ends of the man who owns
and controls it, can not possibly become
a balance of power in forty-six states.
When Mr. Hearst declares that both
the old parties are equally .corrupt, he
utters the truth and takes a strong posi
tion ; but when he becomes the partner of
the Democrats in one campaign and of
the Republicans in the next, as he did in
New York, it seems to us that he gives
himself away completely, and loses what
ever moral force he possessed. The more
loudly and frequently Mr. Hearst de
nounces both the old parties as corrupt/
the more utterly he condemns himself
for having made a political alliance with
both.
I?
Socialism in Populist Platform,
Why was it that the St. Louis conven
tion of the People’s party could not con
tent itself with a reaffirmance of our
well known principles? Why did it ven
ture upon the perilous road of innova
tion?
The Nebraska Democratic convention,
adopted a resolution calling upon the
federal government to issue bonds to the
extent of $500,000,000, the proceeds to be
used in furnishing work to the unem
ployed. The national bankers, of course,
would like to have these bonds, and the
hoboes of the land would be delighted
to receive the five hundred million dol
lars.
The Jeffersonian believes in the prin
ciples of Jeffersonian Democracy, and
■'scouts the idea that it is any part of
the duty of government to give fat jobs
to '‘every fellow who comes along and
says that he is “unemployed.”
If the government were to adopt a pol
icy of that kind the next step would be
the feeding and clothing and housing of
people who apply for it on the ground
of their poverty.
The practical effect of this socialistic
policy would be to tax honest industry to
support indigence and indolence.
The government would be devoured by
parasites. The more you gave to the
Have-nots the greater would be their
clamor for “More!”
The moment the government embarks
in such a policy the ship of state enters
upon a shoreless sea.
Never before has a Populist platform
carried such a plank as this. It will take
our Old Guard by surprise, and will im
press the thoughtful as a dangerous (iticj
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
unprecedented bid for a most uncertain
vote. It departs from our principles. It
does not conform to our creed as we have
all understood it.
The Jeffersonian does not presume to
speak for others, but it claims the right
to its own opinion. On matters involv
ing principle, we have never compro
mised, and we are getting too old to flop
about.
Very respectfully and very firmly we
declare that we do not and can not en
dorse that part of the platform adopted
at St. Louis.
Adbice to the Small Counties.
Pledge your candidates for the Legisla
ture-Senate as well as House—to vote
for a law which shall require that pri
mary elections shall conform to our con
stitution and to the practice which has
heretofore prevailed.
Pledge them to vote for a law which
will make it illegal for the tricky poli
ticians of the big cities to concentrate
power in their own hands.
Pledge them to maintain, by act of the
Legislature, our time-honored system
which recognizes the rights of the small
counties.
H * *
Ex-Confederate Pensions.
The clipping from the Augusta Herald
which appeared in The Jeffersonian week
before last shows how far wrong an in
telligent editor may go.. The outcry
against the new way of paying the ex-
Confederate pensions came from the vet
erans themselves. “Designing politicians”
had nothing whatever to do with it. The
first protest against the quarterly pay
ments appeared in The Jeffersonian.
These letters came to Mr. Watson direct
ly from the old Vets. They were written
apparently by the hands of the men who
were hurt by the change in the law.
Many of them were scribbled with pen
cil on cheap, common paper, and were
almost unreadable. The spelling, the
grammar, the expressions used, all
proved that these pitiful letters came
straight from the old heroes, who, as
privates in the ranks, had marched and
starved and fought Jor the Lost Cause.
The Jeffersonian, with no other mo
tive than that of airing the grievance of
these poor men who are dependent on
their well-earned pensions, laid these pri
vate letters before the public. They began
to arrest attention and very soon it be
came apparent that the feeling among
the old Vets was unanimous and strong
in opposition to the new way of paying
the pensions. Editorially we did not dis
cuss the subject at all. It wasn’t neces
sary. The old soldiers were putting their
cause better than we could do it.
When The Herald charges that “de
signing politicians” were at the bottom of
the agitation, it makes a statement which
The Jeffersonian knows to be wrong.
Gobernor Smith 's Explanation of
the Neal 'Bank Loan.
As a matter of fair play, we publish
Governor Smith’s letter below.
Treasurer Park’s official report seemed
to indicate that the state renewed a fifty
thousand dollar note in the Neal bank at
a time when the bank held more than
that amount of the state’s money.
Governor Smith’s letter, in effect,
frankly admits this.
The Neal bank failed on Dec. 21, 1907.
It had $200,000 of the State’s money
on hand, on that day. Only $85,408 of
this sum was deposited by the state on
the 20th of December, according to the
Governor’s letter.
As we understand it, the bank owed
the state $114,592 on the 15th of Decem
ber, and the state owed the bank $50,000
on note. Instead of having the bank
credit the state with the $50,000, the
Governor renewed the note.
Had the Governor instructed the. bank
to simply charge up the note to the de
posit account, the bank would have still
owed the State $64,592. Surely, that
sum would be a very nice deposit for the
State to keep in any one bank.
The Governor gives two reasons for
renewing the note and leaving the State’s
deposit untouched.
(1) That the bank paid two per cent
on the deposit and charged no more than
that on the note;
(2) That he feared he might need the
extra $50,000.
The prompt payment of the taxes in
December proved that the Governor’s
fears were groundless, and the failure of
the Neal bank was an illustration of the
risk he took in giving the State’s note to
a bank which was heavily in debt to the
State.
Had not the court rendered an unjust
a"nd most questionable decision, the State
would not have got its money back from
the Neal bank, but would be yet wait
ing patiently, as the other 9,000 deposi
tors are doing, at this blessed moment.
State of Georgia, Executive Department,
Atlanta.
April nth, 1908.
To the Editor of The Weekly Jeffer
sonian, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: In a recent issue of your
paper reference was made to the re
newal of a loan by the State of $50,000
with the Neal Bank on the 15th of last
December.
I give you with pleasure the reason
why the State renewed this note.
During the fall of 1907, for the pur
pose of meeting its liabilities, the State
borrowed SIBO,OOO from various banks in
the State; $50,000 of this money was
borrowed from the Neal Bank.
I borrowed this money for the State
from banks with which the State kept
deposits and I borrowed it at the rate of
two per cent per year. The banks paid
the State two per cent interest on their
(Continued <>n Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE