without money or credit for this year, as the
merchant cannot afford to credit him until
December, 1909. Strange that our law-mak
ers, after making with a lavish hand, appro
priations to schools and colleges for rhe ben
efit of the rich man’s son, could not have
found something to retrench upon besides the
old pensioners'.
I read an article in the Georgian, stating
that there were 118 inmates at the Soldiers’
Home, and more applications had been filed
than could be accommodated, as the home
is limited to 125 men. Why this rush to the
home? That is easily explained. It is caused
by prosperity and quarterly payments. Pros
perity has caused the necessaries of life to
double in price, while the old soldiers’ earning
capacity has dwindled to nothing and quarterly
payments have caused numbers to be without
money or credit for this year, so there is
nothing for the old soldier to do but to scoot
for the Soldiers’ Home.
May God pity the old soldier who has to
enter the home, for it is nothing more nor less
than a living tomb. I have visited the home
and talked with the inmates, and while they
did not complain of the fare or treatment
that they received, they gave me to understand
that all hope had fled, and that they were only
waiting for Father Time, the grim reaper, to
gather them home. Have you ever thought of,
or tried to realize, the feelings of an old sol
dier who has to enter the portals of the Sol
diers’ Home? one who had to give up all of
the ties that bind —home, family, friends and
old associations so dear to his heart? Only
in memory can he visit again the scenes of his
childhood, the home of father, mother, broth
ers and sisters, where he roamed the hills and
dales at his own sweet will, climbed the hick
ory, cherry and chestnut tree, chased Molly
Cotton Tail, or the nimble squirrel, built traps
for old Bob White and fished and bathed in
the rippling brook, or to visit again the scenes
of his young manhood, when he for the first
time saw sweet Nellie home, or the home of his
declining years when surrounded by children,
gTandchildren and the partner of his joys and
sorrows, his best girl of the sixties who urged
him on when duty called. How sweet she
looked in her homespun dress, spun, ■woven and
made with her own fair and nimble fingers.
But the joys and pleasures of life have turned
to ashes and in his old age he is turned adrift
to die among strangers without the touch of
one gentle or loving hand to smoothe his ach
ing and feverish brow. Sad, yes, sad indeed,
that the old heroes of ’6l, who represented
American manhood on the heights of Gettys
burg and Malvern Hill and the chivalry of
the South on the plains of Manassas, Sharps
burg and Franklin should thus have to pass
away, but such is fate.
W. H. ANDREWS,
Late orderly Sgt. Co. M, First Ga. Regulars.
Sugar Valley, Ga.
A CALL TO ACTION.
To the Populists of Georgia—the true Jef
fersonians and independent thinkers —I would
say that the time for action has fully come.
A great radical convention has been called
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
by our national committee and other reform
forces to meet in St. Louis April 2, and I ap
peal to every lover of liberty to get ready for
the fray.
Under said call Georgia is entitled to 49
delegates; and all who believe in the grand
principles of the Omaha platform and the vital
issues expressed in our subsequent declarations
are invited to participate in the selection of
these delegates.
Formal notice of a call for a meeting in At
lanta for this purpose will be given later.
Populism is fully vindicated. We have
nothing to be ashamed of.
Our contentions have proved absolutely cor
rect and need no defence.
The great contest of 1908 will determine in
great measure whether the American people
are capable of self government.
If the present vicious financial system,
which is paralyzing business, concentrating the
wealth in a few hands and reducing the mass
es to poverty and ignorance, is allowed to con
tinue a few more years, nothing short of a
revolution will regain and maintain the liber
ties bequeathed to us by the fathers.
For a long time we have had in’this country
two parties with but one head.
Did not Mr. Gassaway Davis, one of the
nominees of the last democratic convention,
make haste to tell Wall Street democrats that
the two platforms were nearly identical?
Now we are informed by dispatches in the
democratic dailies that Mr. Taggart, chairman
of the national committee, says that Bryan
will be the democratic nominee and Taft the
republican nominee and that they will be nom
inated on the same platform.
Then why two old party conventions? And
why should they have two sets of nominees,
if it is not to be a mere sham fight for the
spoils of office?
Every intelligent man knows that the two
old parties are responsible for the present
unsatisfactory conditions upon us.
The corporate attorneys and members of the
great trusts and corporations of the country
are generally about half and half democrats
and republicans. They, with the subsidized
and muzzled press, shape the policies of both
old parties.
If a conservative course suits them best,
they play conservative. If the radicals look
strong and the people clamor greatly for a
change, then they play radical till after the
election. Then, then, then, the people be
damned.
Comrades, patriots, shun such dangerous
alignments. In the language of the immortal
Groves, “Hold your ballot sacred.”
Uphold the hands of those who are fighting
your battle.
Besides the reform press which is doing
such telling work, I appeal to you to get in
touch with such heroic workers and organizers
as H. L. Bentley, Abilene, Texas, and J. W.
Forrest, 859 Madison avenue, Albany, N. Y.
Names of reformers and such financial aid as
you feel disposed to send them will do great
good in pushing organization work and you
will likely get in return reports of such satis
factory work that you will feel greatly encour
aged.
Let’s all get busy and see that a full dele
gation goes to St. Louis.
Chairman Ferris thinks this will be the larg
est convention we have had in years.
The country is stirred as never before and
I hope to see our state meeting full ard the
people represented from every portion of the
state. Let it be representative enough to
elect a new chairman, enlarge the committee
and take full and complete steps to carry on
the campaign.
J. J. HOLLAWAY,
Cairman, Georgia.
Genuine Russell Big 801 l
Cotton Seed For Sale
At following prices, f. o. b. cars Alexander
City, Ala. 1 bu., $1.50; 10 bu., $1.25; 25 bu.,
or more, SI.OO per bu.
Alexander City, Ala. is the home place of
this wonderful variety of cotton, and I have
the pure stock.
G. F. PARK.
(Original Introducer of Russell Cotton.)
FASHION BOOK FREE! UZ “
I want to send you my handsome new jrfjyMfiaa
book showing hundreds of latest styles
with illustrated lessons on cutting and IF *’fir
dressmaking. 1 will agree to sell you qr »/
all the patterns you want for five .xy'
cents each. They are the same pat
terns you have always paid 10c & / A’ i I J
15c for at the stores, made by the [ \|i h ’• • *. 1 L
same people, and correct in ev- / \ Ik • ••* f
ery detail. \, ~ti ?.• /
HOW I DO IT. U I iulf; f
I publish the FARMER’S CALL <M \ fl
a weekly paper for every member V; *1 ,
of the family. The children’s letters \i 'A ■ a
each week are an especially inter- A i \
esting feature; and the Woman's ffi.ll U «
Department is unusually strong M' , J i\ •,
and instructive. Among its spec- ’ ’V’
lai features for women folks, is if .J; T«• \ WTJ
its fashions in which I show the // /■#/ , *• ‘ .J\\
5c patterns. Let me help you #7 7to A
to save money. g/'J/lyn k *1 • A‘l
MY SPECIAL OFFER ffi f 1 '/•! / j I’ V‘
Send me 25c and I will send // Jf / 71 j \
you the Farmer’s Call ev- Zs//; uh »11•' «
ery week (over 1000 pages) IrPLi j iu , j • «. yI »
for one year and will send / >ln til'i’, ' ’•
my big Fashion Book to jUI '/l 1. il< 'ttv *• 'A'A
you free. I also agree to vtf- 7! ! £ J ( w,« .!
sell you any pattern you Isl i 1 W A
want thereafter for sc. |Fu' & i
I can sell them for 5 cts r*—
because I buy them by
the thousand and don’t
make any profit. I don’t want the profit. T want your sub
scription to the FARMER’S CALL. You will save many
times the cost of my offer in a year. WHITE TO-DAY!
JOHN M. STAHL, Dept. W. J. QUINCY, ILL.
Plant Truitt’s Big 801 l Premium Cotton Seed
for a heavy yield. Endorsed-by Hon. Harv'e
Jordan and every other planter who has used
them; SI.OO per bushel; in one hundred
bushel lots or more, 75 cents per bushel. Buy
direct from the originator. Address GEO. W.
TRUITT, LaGrange, Ga.
SEED CORN
Best of the Prolific Varieties; thorough accli
mated, true to type, bred to grow thick, seed
carefully selected for six years. Best for
Southern plainting. In 1907 made as high as
100 bushels per acre, weighed at shredder.
Prices, $2 per bushel, $1.25 per half bushel.
Special prices on large lots.
SUNNYSIDE FARMS.
W. R. Walker, Prop., Union, S. C.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallaa, T~
PAGE ELEVEN