PAGE EIGHT
Cl)e 3effersoniatt
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,January 11. 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., APRIL 22, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
Who Is To "Blame? You Are.
The U. S. Senate is not considerably larger
than it was in the days of Charles Sumner,
L. Q. C. Lamar, Roscoe Conkling and Jas. G.
Blaine.
One would suppose that Senatorial luxuries
which satisfied Matt Carpenter, Dan Voorhees,
William A. Clark and Leland P. Stanford
might content the souls of Joe Bailey, Bill
Stone, John Daniel, Nelson Aldrich and Steve
Clay.
But no! Times have changed. The marble
palace which seemed good in the eyes of
Senators twenty years ago, is now too cramped,
too incommodious for the stately creatures who
fill the seats of the mighty. They needed more
room, better accommodations, surroundings
commensurate with their lofty ideals of their
own superlative importance.
So they looked leisurely about them and
selected a nearby lot, and upon this convenient
spot began to build another palatial edifice,
to be devoted entirely to Senatorial comfort,
dignity, pomposity and self-indulgence.
Our sympathies go out with a tumultuous
rush, toward the man who would rather re
pose on the hearth-rug, or doormat, than to
sleep in the same bed with another man; but
we had not supposed that even a U. S. Senator,
or Supreme Court Judge, would demand a
both room which no other mortal but himself
should use. However, we find that we have
much to learn. Our Senate is composed of
less than a hundred demi-gods, yet these semi
celestial creatures have spent four million,
dollars, of our money, in building for them
selves a new home, in which each Senatorial
demi-god is to have a suite of magnificent
apartments, a bath-room all to himself, a din
ing room which is finer than that of any king,
barber shops that are a dream, and a restaurant
that will make Delmonico’s resemble by con
trast a discarded sawmillo.
Four million dollars! That’s a pile of money,
isn’t it? And it came out of your pockets. No
other legislative body on this planet has ever
treated itself to such an outlay for personal
comfort. The work of the Senate did not re
quire such a building. The expense of con
structing this marble palace and of maintain
ing it; adds nothing whatsoever to the good
of the public service.
In fact, a Senator environed by luxuries is
not apt to be a worker. Living like a lord,
with his exclusive bath-room, and his exclusive
this, that and the other, he will naturally and
inevitably become aristocratic in his views,
as well as in his habits, and his votes in the
Senate will reflect the subtle change.
Democratic principles have everything to
fear from Senators who lap themselves in Ori
ental seclusion and luxury.
But they are not to blame. The fault is
yours. Sovereign power to rule the country
was put into your hands, and you have not
used it to good purposes.
You have neglected your duty, YOU have pot
tjlje. 'Seffersonian
kept watch over your representatives. You
have not called them to account for extrava
gance, or other wrong-doing. Hence, they do
what thev please.
"H M *
Will You Help?
The old man is thinking of enlarging the
Jeffersonian Magazine, and of not only in
creasing the size of the weekly, but of dressing
it up in covers.
To do this, he will have to spend a lot of
money. Consequently, he naturally wants to
increase the subscription list.
Will YOU help him? Every one who is now
taking the Jeffersonians should renew, a month
or such a matter before his time is up.
If the subscriber does not do this, he forgets,
allows his term to expire, and then he misses a
number or two of his paper or magazine, and the
first thing he knows he has lost the run of
what’s going on.
The two Jeffersonians will tell you the truth
about matters which no other publications ever
mention.
You know that. Therefore, you shouldn’t
let your name get off our list, and you ought
to give us a little encouragement by whirling
in and pestering your neighbors until they
become subscribers, also.
Tell them to quit borrowing your Jeffer
sonian and go to patronizing it themselves.
Tell them to be manly enough to come out in
support of an editor whose publications they
read on the sly.
In other words, comrades, do a little some
thing to spread the influence of two periodicals
which you have tried and which you know to
be consecrated to a noble purpose.
For one thing—if we had the Jeffersonian
well distributed in every Congressional dis
trict of the South, the Lumber Trust magnates
■could never again get a sufficient number of
Southern Congressmen to unite with the Re
publicans and put a tariff on lumber which will
add enormously to the cost of every church,
■every school-house, every cabin, every cottage,
every fence built of plank or pickets.
The old man would like mighty well to
exert such an influence, through the Jeffer
sonians, as would compel Southern Congress
men to vote right. You can help him do it,
and he hopes that vou will.
For An Income Tax.
It is announced that the Democratic Senators
have decided to oppose the Inheritance Tax,
which the Republicans of the House favor, and
to support the Income Tax — which the Su
preme Court says is unconstitutional.
What a glorious bunch those Democratic
Senators are!
There is no legal difficulty about the Inheri
tance Tax. A law of that sort would stand.
In fact, the Inheritance Tax is in successful
operation in the State of New York, where the
Republicans are in power. If the Democratic
Senators would unite with those Republican
Senators who favor a national tax on fortunes
descending to heirs, such a law would be made,
and a portion of the expenses of our most
extravagant government would fall on wealth.
But the Democratic Senators represent the
rich, not the poor. They can vote Lumber
Trust tariffs which add to the price of all kinds
of lumber, but they balk when it comes to
taxing millionaire estates.
Yet necessity forces them to pretend to want
to tax wealth, and therefore thev say that they
will favor an Income Tax.
They know perfectly well that nobody can
frame an effective Income Tax law which will
not be in conflict with the decision already
made by the highest Court in the land.
Hence the essence of the case of the Demo
cratic Senators is this:
“We favor the Income Tax because it
can not amount to anything; at the same
time, the people don’t know that, and
we will get the credit for being ready
to compel the millionaires help bear the bur*
dens of taxation.
President Taft is pledged to the Inheritance
Tax. The Republican House had incorporated
that feature in the pending Tariff bill, and a
powerful minority of Republican Senators
would be able to put it through the Senate
if the Democrats would help.
But the Democratic Senators refuse the help.
They will be found voting with the Republi
cans to tax lumber and other necessaries of
life; they will be found aiding the Steel Trust
and the Standard Oil Company; but they flunk
when it comes to helping the Republicans tax
the estates of millionaires.
In Great Britain the Inheritance Tax yields
a revenue of $90,000,000 per year.
We have a larger number of bloated for
tunes in this country than they have in Eng
land, and a properly laid Inheritance Tax
would yield more than pet year.
But the Democratic Senators are determined
that the burden of the national extravagance
shall continue to be borne by poverty, instead
of wealth.
* H *
To Amuse Our Socialist Friends.
To our Socialist friends we commend the
following extract taken from Plutarch’s “Life
of Lycurgus”:
“A second and more adventurous political
enterprise of Lycurgus was a new division of
the lands. In these he had found a prodigious
inequality; the city overcharged with many
indigent persons who had none, and the great
property centered in the hands of a few. De
termined therefore to root out the evils of
insolence, envy, avarice, and luxury and those
still more inveterate and fatal distempers of
a state, poverty and riches, he persuaded them
to cancel all former divisions of land and to
make new ones, in such a manner that they
might be perfectly equal in their possessions
and manner of living. Hence, if they were
ambitious of distinction, they might seek it
in virtue, as no other difference was left be
tween them, but that which arises from the
dishonor of base actions and the praise of good
ones. His proposal was carried into effect.
He made nine thousand lots for the territory
of Sparta, which he distributed among so many
citizens, and thirty thousand for the inhabi
tants of the rest of Laconia. But some say
he made only six thousand shares for the city,
and that Polydorus subsequently added three
more; others, thqt Polydorus doubled the
number appointed by Lycurgus, which were
only four thousand and five hundred.
“Each lot was capable of producing (one
year with another) seventy medemni of grain
for each man, and twelve for each woman, be
side a quantity of wine and oil in proportion.
Such a provision they thought sufficient for
health and a good habit of body, and they
wanted nothing more. A story is told of
him that, not long afterward, returning from
a journey through the fields just reaped, and
seeing the shocks standing parallel and equal,
he smiled and said to some that were near him,
‘How like is Laconia to an estate newly
divided among many brothers!’
After this, he attempted to divide also the
movables in order to remove all appearance of
inequality but he soon • perceived that they
could not bear to have their goods directly
taken from them; and therefore he adopted
another method, counter-working their avarice
by a stratagem. First, he stopped the cur
rency of gold and silver coin, and ordered that
they should make use of iron money only;
then, to a great quantity and weight of this
he assigned but a very small value; so that to
contain ten minae, a whole room was required,
and to remove it, a yoke of oxen. When this
became current, many kinds of injustice ceased
in Lacedaemon.
Who would steal or take a bribe, who would
defraud or rob, when he was unable to conceal
this booty; when he could neither be dignified
by the possession of it, nor if it were cut in
pieces be served by its use? For we are told
that after having heated it, they quenched it
in vinegar to it brittle and immalleable