“In a Republic the Ballot is the
Citizen’s Most Powerful Wea
pon.’’ “A United People is
a Powerful People.”
Officers:
President, Rev. J. Milton Waldron,
D.D., 1334 V Street, N. W., Wash
ington, D. C.
First Vice President, Gurley Brew
er, Ind.
Second Vice President, Bishop
Henry M. Turner, D.D. LL.D., Geor
gia.
Third Vice President, Rev. Byron
Gunner, D.D., New York.
Fourth Vice President, Geo. H.
Woodson, Esq., lowa.
Fifth Vice President, E. T. Moor
ris, Massachusetts.
Sixth Vice President, W. A. Haw
kins, Esq., Maryland.
Recording Secretary, Rev. L. G.
Jordan, D.D., 726 West Walnut
street, Louisville, Ky.
Assistant Recording Secretary,
W. F. Ferguson, Washington, D. C.,
Corresponding Secretary; Wm. Mon
roe . Trotter, Esq., 21 Cornhill, Bos
ton, Mass.
OE®DBD2BBDBBBEB3BDBBgSSSgSgSgSgggSgSgS!3
§ Jeffersonian Premiums H
QJ " M
jS HOW TO GET UP A. CLUB OUR premiums SM
CTJ * * w Every article offered is the best that Ly
•Sfi ——— can be procured for the money. It is
IAJ Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on Mg
M an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the Ffl
H.AV L- rood <t thAv will know fnr If preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them
Ik y that u’ fa h fhA w nanpr in to ? ou to distribute personally. Person- for the least number of subscriptions that Qj
CM themselves that it is the oest paper in &] persistent sollcitation i 9 the great we can. jSS
V|J the country. secret of success. "It’s dogged as does renewals VIJ
Write down the names and addresses „ Renewals count the same as new sub-
MZ you? friends who are not already sub- Send your names in at any time—even scribers. Vlg
R 4 scribers, and send them to us. We will if you have only O ne—and state what subscription rates FO
send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year;
name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year.
call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions Frt
CO sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year. kU
® §3
Premium for 20 Magazine Subscriptions, will be surprised and pleased when you DAISY TRAVELING CLOCK—In Mo-
a) or 15 Weekly Subscriptions "he monarch atlas cf the rocco case ' LU
I'D A set Ot 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ world— Retail price ss. Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, LU
IjM Silver Plated Cutlery, which is fully de- THE WORLD AND ITS PEOPLE—A OT 3 Weekly Subscriptions FR
fjj scribed and illustrated on another page. book, 352 pages of Illustrated text, 65 mvirr mm/ mus • A kM
SR} The retail price of this premium is sls. pages of maps, 750 half-tones from rare .. .. COOK BOOK This is a twen- ZF)
ry> < otn, ~i~+k tieth century guide to new dishes and |AI
. c ic MaXaTino Cnhofrintinns PSP- n old oneSt it j s an encyclopedia of house-
jl Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, old mission shelf clock— with hold affairs IAJ
jRJ or 10 Weekly Subscriptions real weights, beautiful and reliable.
A3 WEBSTER’S IMPERIAL DICTIONARY MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- D en nMc™ a™? ? AR f ‘ J®?
ffi —Unabridged. Retail price ,$lO. Over thedral glas , Retail price sl6 .
2,000 pages. Fully described and illus- we a]J have much to learn Thlg Jg a gg
jM trated on another page. Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, modern, up-to-date book. The retail price j®}
jj old mission pendulum clock— or 5 Weekly Subscriptions of it is $3. LM
'ffS Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. The BREAKFAST SET—Thirty-one pieces. EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don’t <T>
gM case and dial are of solid oak, with brass very handsome. wait for barber, but shave yourself. t®?
jS figures, hands and pendulum bulb. A red LETTER STUDENT’S BIBLE Complete outfit You can shave yourself LU
RS Flexible leather covers. The words of in five minutes. gk
SS Its rich artistic beauty will enhance the Christ are printed in red. Fully de- OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—This is for
decorative effect of any home. scribed and illustrated on another page. the good, old fashioned folks. It is a
DINNER SET—Forty-seven pieces. EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK razor ? , m . ade of th ? /F}
These are genuine, high-grade, expensive —A beautiful ornament and a reliable “ 1U a CarV ® d Wh ’ e
JJ dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful time-piece. LLJ
W French decorations and gold edges. Each A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe-
piece is full size for everyday use. You BlßLE—Magnificently bound. ty clip, 14-karat gold. UM
Circular Issued by the Bryanite Negroes
Financial Secretary, Rev. S. Cor
rothers, D.D., 1517 6th St., NW.,
Washington, D. C.
Treasurer, Hon. Geo. H. White,
1423 Lombard Street, Philadelphia,
Pa.
Sergeant-at-Arms, Granville T.
Martin, New York.
- Executive Committee —Rev. J. Mil
ton Waldron, D.D., D. C.; Bishop Al
ex. Walters, D.D., N. Y.; Rev. Geo.
W. Lee, D.D., D. C.; W. A. Hawkins,
Esq., Md.; Hon. A. H. Grimke, Mass.;
Bishop J. S. Caldell, Pa.; Rev. Gar
nett R. Waller, D.D., Md.; Rev. E.
W. Moore, D.D., Pa.; Rev. E. L. Gil
liam, D.D., 0.; J. R. Clifford, Esq.,
W. Va.
Ex-officio members —Rev. L. G.
Jordan, D.D., Ky.; Hon. Geo. H.
White, Pa.; Rev. S. L. Corrothers,
D.D., D. C.; W. T. Ferguson, N. Y.
National Organizer—Rev. W. 11.
Scott, D.D., 18 Sherman Place, Wo
burn, Mass.
THE NATIONAL NEGRO AMER
ICAN POLITICAL LEAGUE,
U. S. A.
Office of the President, 1334 V Street,
Jeffersonian
Northwest. Phone North 6564.
Washington, D. C., August 1, 1908.
Dear Comrade:
We are at a crisis in the history of
our race. For forty years we have
been voting solidly the Republican
ticket. In return for this support
the party has given offices to a few
members of the race here and there,
but to every appeal we have made to
the party for our rights we have
been told that the General Govern
ment can do nothing and we must
look to the states in which we live
for protection and the right to vote.
With the Republican party in con
trol of the Presidency and both
branches of Congress and the Su
preme Court, disfranchisement
amendments to the Southern Consti
tutions have been permitted, Jim-
Crow car laws have been enacted, the
race has been excluded from the bal
lot box in almost every Southern
state, the colored militia companies
in the South have been disbanded,
ten thousand Negroes —most of them
innocent —have been lynched and
thousands of our people are today
held in peonage; and to make bad mat-
ters worse, a Republican President
dismissed from the army without
trial one hundred and sixty-seveH
brave and loyal Negro soldiers in or
der to appease the wrath of certain
Negro haters, and by direction of this
same Republican President ‘ 1 Lily
Whitism” was indorsed by a Republi
can Convention at Chicago and the
loyal Colored Republicans were giv
en to understand that Mr. Roosevelt
intends to eliminate the Negro from
politics in the South, and the man
whose life was saved at San Juan
Hill by the brave black soldiers and
who was elected by the Colored vote
went out of his way in several speech
es and in a State paper to brand our
race as criminal and vicious.
More than two-thirds of the dele
gates to the Chicago Convention were
office holders under Mr. Roosevelt
and were his willing tools in nominat
ing Mr. William H. Taft. In return
for this support Mr. Taft pledged
himself to carry out the policies of
Mr. Roosevelt and William H. Taft
has repeatedly stated in public that
he favors the disfranchisement of the
(Continued on Page Eleven.)
PAGE SEVEN