official eyebrows at these gorgeous half
dimers, though before seriously assaulting
them in the interests of the kinters' 1 preserva
tion, they might inquire how much of these
tales the small Switzers and Deutchers really,
comprehend. Somehow, we can imagine their
big, round blue eyes “growing bigger and big
ger, until their moon faces are fairly obliter
ated, in an effort to get onto the curves of
Diamond Dick, or follow the lightning trans
formation of Old Sleuth into all things down
to a cigarette which escapes from the villain’s
den by the simple process of lighting itself at
a convenient gas jet, and evaporating through
the keyhole.
There are evil and good influences in nov
els, of course—but, after all, Puritanical cen
sorship is a tyranny which merely annoys,
without accomplishing any valuable result. A
clean story of adventure is better for the
healthy b,oy or girl than the average wishy
washy, goody-goody pabulum, or the nauseat
ing “love” story, always approved by the self
constituted censors. Nearly every time a poor
degenerate, victim of hereditary taints, or ex
cessive nicotine or “dope”, or yellow newspa
pers, goes wrong—somebody lugs in a gaudy
“Wild West” yarn as the sole cause of his
downfall; when, as a matter of fact, the lat
ter story always has for its hero a man who is
“square”, with chivalry absolutely rampant in
his make-up. It is hard to find the logic of
the statement that “these stories have abso
lutely nothing to recommend them: and their
influence can not be anything but pernicious.”
Bryan and Watson—Why Should
Georgians Belittle Their Fel
low Citizen ?
(CONCLUDED TROM PAGE ONE)
such positive forces that they can not be ig
nored? When they hit, do they hurt?
TH ATS THE TEST.
Well, if I had to prove, in a court of Jus
tice, that, the two Jeffersonians do belong
to the live-wire group, the very first witness
that I would introduce would he these foreign
missionaries.
Here, then, we have four arenas in which
Mr. Bryan and I have been tested, —law,
legislation, literature, and journalism. Have
my friends any reason to be ashamed of the
comparison ? There are the records: the facts
speak for themselves.
(5) Now, as to statesmanship and public
life: how do we compare? Mr. Bryan has
been doing business, all his life, on borrowed
capital. From the old Greenbackers and the
Populists, he stole every rag of his political
wardrobe. He has been the assiduous ape of
“Old Bill” Allen, Peter Cooper, and Benj. F.
Butler. He never originated a principle nor
built up a party. He has been the most om
nivorous plagiarist that ever browsed, and
fattened on other men’s ideas. He never took
up a cause that he knew to be unpopular; and
he never stands his ground, when he sees that
his followers are deserting. Voting for Gen
eral Weaver, in 1892, he ardently championed
the Ryan-Belmont candidate, in 1904; and he
then flung a complete somersault, in support
of Hearst, as candidate for Governor of New
York.
The wreckage of the People’s Party was
due to Bryan; and the present chaotic and
ludicrous condition of the Democratic party
is more his work than that of any one man.
Who can tell w T here Bryan will be, politi
cally, two years from now ? Nobody. Aman
who will publicly declare for public owner
ship of railroads, as he did in Madison
Square Garden, two years ago, and then run
for President on that shilly-shally platform
of 1908, can not be classed with men who
live, toil, suffer and die for principle.
Ueffersonlait
The Supreme Court of Massachusetts has
just rendered a very wise decision, in sustain
ing the effort of the Citv
Glad Massa
chusetts Had
the Spunk.
1 • -• a
ty is used in part for offices, and rents halls
for public meetings, and, in short, derives in
come from ordinary business transactions, in
competition with other strictly business build
ings. The hypocrisy of claiming exemption
from taxation, therefore, is obvious, and has
received a merited check.
There should be a limit to this sort of ex
emption, in any case. So long as a benevolent
corporation is struggling along, trying to do
good as a church, hospital, or charitable insti
tution, there is no objection to relieving it
from the burden of taxation, provided no de
nomination be favored, and provided it is the
sense of the city that the religious, moral, or
philanthropical' good being done is sufficient
to justify the extension of the privilege. But
when we see congregations building palaces
on enormously valuable*' streets, hospitals
which, despite some charity work, are reap
ing a goodly profit from pay patients, etc., it
is high time that they contributed toward the
support of the municipality which protects
them in the enjoyment of the same rights
given to those who do pay taxes. Exempting
a $50,000 church, where thousands of dollars
are wasted on stained-glass windows, pipe-
Consider the advantage of position that
Bryan had over me. His field of work was
the plastic, restless, and growing West: mine
was the hide-bound, rock-ribbed, Bourbon
South. Besides, Bryan had no everlasting
and overshadowing Negro Question to ham
per and handicap his progress: I HAD. Has
he been able to materially alter conditions
for the better, in his own territory, or in his
own State? With the Exception of the Bank
Guaranty law which two or three States have
adopted, and which contains the pernicious
principle that the honest banker must suffer
for sins of the dishonest, Mr. Bryan’s twenty
years of relentless talk, talk, TALK, has
amounted to little or nothing.
Now, in contrast, consider what Populism
did for the South. It forever killed political
intolerance. Do you remember how President
Grant was treated, when he came South?
Have you thought to compare that, to the
hearty sociabilities lavished on Presidents
Roosevelt and Taft? There was a world of
difference: how do you account for it? Don’t
you realize that we despised Pops shattered
the walls of party prejudice? What else did
we do? We broke the spell of party names.
We took up the work of educating the mass
es, where the Farmers’ Alliance had left off.
We have so taught the country people about
economic questions and governmental princi
ples, that many a farmer knows more about
them than some city editors appear to know.
We have so leavened the whole loaf, in the
South., that no man will dare to run for Con
gress without publishing a platform which
looks good to the old Pops.
WE HAVE CREATED A PUBLIC
SENTIMENT THAT NO CANDIDATE
FOR OFFICE DARES TO DISREGARD.
Isn’t that so? You know that it is. Then,
what success could be truer, nobler, more en
during? If I and my despised and outlawed
friends have created a public sentiment
which rules the Southern States with all the
force of England’s “Unwritten Law”—how
can the Ellises and the Dr. Hulls rate our
achievements so much below those of Mr.
Bryan ?
Results are what count: where are his ? He
has grown rich and famous: in that way he
has done wonders, for himself. But what has
Assessors of Boston to tax a
certain piece of church
property known as “Tre
mont Temple”. The proper-
organs, etc., —for the esthetic enjoyment of
well-to-do congregations—and then taxing
the little home of a struggling laborer, or a
poor widow who is trying to rear a family, is
going too strong in favor of the church.
The appointment of Wm. J. Calhoun, of
Chicago, Minister to China announces the
rise of another corporation l.iw-
Crane’s
Successor.
tigated” the conditions in Cuba prior to the
Spanish-American War and busied himself in
the controversy between Cipriano Castro, of
Venezuela, and the Asphalt Trust. That he
is entirely satisfactory to the Morgan crowd
goes without saying, or he wouldn’t go, —to
China. Apropos of our Oriental policy says
the Boston Herald:
“If the financial agent becomes the associate of
the diplomat to such an extent as is indicated by
the trend of our Chinese policy under the present
administration, the time may come for acquies
cence in the reported opinion of Secretary Knox
that the nation could get along very well without
its foreign embassies. If plans projected are ac
complished it is quite within the range of possi
bilities that the Minister to Pekin will find his
task a sinecure, and American influence in Chi
nese affairs will be determined in the financial
houses of Wall Street and communicated to the
government at Pekin and to the government offices
in European capitals by the correspondents of the
great American syndicate.”
he done for humanity? What, for his coun
try? What, for the West? What, for Ne
braska? You will find it a difficult task to
say.
(C>) There is one arena in which Mr.
Bryan and I have never tested each other’s
strength: we have never clashed as orators.
Consequently, I felt a natural hankering, in
that direction. That is his forte, his special
ty, his long suite. I was hoping that we
might some day lock horns, and have a good
humored tussle, on the hustings, or in some
auditorium. I ruined my voice, speaking for
“Bryan and Watson”, in Nebraska, in 189 G;
but still I’ve got enough left to try a discus
sion with W. J. B. But, to my disappoint
ment, Dr. Hull and the other Georgians who
challenged me to debate with Mr. Ellis, have
apparently decided that I am altogether be
neath Mr. Bryan’s notice.
Isn’t it a little bit peculiar that these fel
low Georgians of mine should be so eager to
have the outside world to know that they con
sider me a very contemptible fellow? Isn’t it
strange, that they should so joyfully publish
such a letter as that which Mr. Ellis wrote ?
They are the Christians, you know. These
are the men whose mission it is to give eight
hundred thousand heathen a moral uplift and
a general improvement of standards and
ideals. They are the men who hate and re
vile me, because I contend that we ought to
be content with the Pauline and apostolic
methods, which Christ'’s disciples adopted,
and which Christianity practised for eighteen
hundred years. They are the men who class
me as a pariah and treat me like a dog, be
cause I contend that it is our duty to wipe out
illiteracy, and the fearful effects of poverty,
in our own national household, before we
take away from such wealthy nations as
China, Japan, India, etc., the secular educa
tion of their own children; and the support
of their orphans, widows, deaf, dumb, blind,
destitute and afflicted people.
God knows that we have need, right here,
of all the charity funds that can be raised:
it is a sin and a shame that we should leave to
perish the Lazarus who lies al our own gate,
and carry relief to the Lazarus of heathen
dom.
yer to the inner circle of affairs
of State, though he has dabbled
therein before when he “inves-
PAGE FIVE