PAGE TEN
IET7EKJ FROM THE PEOPLE
IN MEMORIAM, A. A. NEAL—A SON’S
TRIBUTE TO HIS FATHER.
This is not a flower saved for his grave, for
I have said to him what I am now saying of
him. Neither is it intended as a eulogy, be
cause he would more quickly rebuke me for
magnifying his virtues than for criticising
his faults. It is merely a testimonial —
prompted by love and inspired by grief. If
there be those who would question an “over
flow” of sorrow, withhold your criticisms till
you stand in the shadow of a bereavement like
this. Besides, some facts I shall relate are
of importance to every parent and every child.
My first vivid recollections of my father
are as a large, strong, hard-working man.
Being the oldest child, and a sister coming be
tween me and my oldest brother, I was put
to work early in life, and during most of the
years of my “teens,” my father and I did
most of the farm work. I refer to this only
to show my opportunity for knowing and ob
serving him 'intimately throughout the an
noying and vexatious experiences incident to
actual farm work, whereas some children have
only a fireside acquaintance with their father.
During all the trying years referred to, as
well as those subsequent, I can with abso
lute truth say that I never heard my father
swear, use a vulgar expression, take God’s
name irreverently, or express a licentious
thought, and I believe he was as chaste as
my mother. How many children can say this
of their father? He was as affectionate as
a woman, modest and never self-assertive.
Strong willed, even stubborn under coercion,
but never making a demonstration of his pas
sions. He did not forget easily, but was not
vindictive, and I never heard him make a
threat of vengeance against any one. His
religious belief was as fixed as the stars, yet
approached in simplicity that of a child. He
not only believed in God as a Savior, but as
a companion and burden-bearer, and trusted
Him implicitly. The “Family Altar” was not
spasmodically, but permanently, erected in
the home, and every evening he recommitted
his family into the safekeeping of a heavenly
Father, and permit me to say in a general
way, that I believe that no religious influence
will so follow, impress and restrain a child
as this simple family ceremonial. He was
an ardent Methodist, but not sectarian, and
his home was the preachers’ home, and we
were taught to believe them the best people
in the world, and as a class, I still think they
are. He never had any political aspirations,
shrank from everything which made him con
spicuous, and was pre-eminently a private cit
izen. He had the sweetest voice I ever heard,
and he will be a well trained member of the
heavenly choir.
An affectionate and loyal husband, a <l<*
voted but positive father, a good neighbor and
a Christian gentleman has gone to his reward.
He was a great physical sufferer, but few men
loved and enjoyed life more. We love him
passionately, trusted him implicitly and will
reyere bis sacred ipemory. We also know
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
whence he has gone, and though We may Oc
casionally lose the way, may we nOver lose
the course illumined by both his precepts and
example, BEN A. NEAL.
Millersville, lit, April 27, 1908.
WHO CAN ANSWER?
Dialville, Tex., April 16, 1908.
Dear Sir: From information received from
his widow, I am told that C. W. Boggs en
listed March 19, 1862, as a recruit in Capt.
Golding’s company (“E”), 7th Georgia in
fantry, in Longstreet’s division, Army of
Virginia. The family came to Texas in 1876.
Mrs. Boggs is in indigent circumstances and
desires a pension from the state of Texas,
but our laws require proof of service from
members of his command. 1 have sent a let
ter to Talbotton, Ga. (his place of enlist
ment), directed to postmaster or any mem
ber of his (Boggs’) company. This was done
some, time ago. Now, as I have received no
response thereto, will you kindly ask in your
weekly for some, one to make the necessary
proof in order that the declining years of a
worthy woman may be tempered against the
cruel grasp of poverty? Os course, I have no
pecuniary interest in this matter.
Any communication in regard to this may
be addressed to me. The only recompense
I can offer for this is the thanks of a good old
Confederate woman, whose husband, I am
sure, was a good soldier, and later, I know,
was a good Populist.
Yours sincerely,
DR. W A. CAVENESS.
*
P. s.—Perhaps I should have stated that
Mrs. Boggs has requested me to attend to this
matter for her. —W. A. C.
WE ADVISE THIS WORTHY PENSIONER
TO WRITE TO SENATOR A. S. CLAY.
Aonia, Wilkes Co., Ga., April 23, 1908.
Dear Sir: I learn there is an increase in
pension and as 1 am an Indian war pensioner
1 feel that 1 am as much entitled as those
tens of thousands of younger soldiers who are
able to take care of themselves. We few’ of
1836. 1837, and 1838 have seen our fourscore,
and if pension pay is (as Government claims
it to be charity), we are more entitled than
the latterday soldier. I imagine there are
many of us at the present time that $8 per
month would hardly pay for our rations, say
notiiing of other necessaries of life. We w*ent
to the Wilderness and if we fell into the hands
of the enemy, we lost our scalp, not ex
changed and have a good time in prison. I
say we are more worthy of help than the
younger soldier who can provide for himself.
I don’t suppose there are many of us left and
I have waited for some official of the govern
ment to offer our claim, but as there are not
enough of us to elect an officer, no one has
seen tit to lay our claim in.
As you are an editor, and a man to whom I
am looking for every favor that a poor man
may ever expect out of this government, I am
calling on you to get this subject before con
gress. If some official would go before the
pension authorities and find the old soldiers’
location and then have them to appeal to their
congressmen and then have one of those con
gressmen to make out their claim, that would
bring about the duty of several congressmen,
which would help the cause greatly if those
congressmen would respond. The Mexican
war soldiers have had their pay increased and
our claim is older than theirs.
Yours very truly,
G. W. SHIPP.
WANTS IT STRONG.
Bellrive, 111., April 9, 1908.
I have carefully read the St. Louis plat
form. The fourth plank reads,- “Taxation of
Monopolies.” It ought to read, “Destruction
of all Monopolies.” It is not radical enough.
We must come right down to the common peo
ple. It must flame and burn with the rights
and needs of humanity. We must go into
their homes, or we can never win. There is
not in it one word against the devilish whis
ky business. Sir, we must stand where our
fathers stood who signed the Declaration of
Independence. It is through prejudice and ig
norance of the people that a few men in the
name of party and what they call loyalty are
able to deceive and rule over and rob the
people. These men are a set of political bri
gands who call themselves republicans and
democrats. I gave you an outline in my let
ter of some things we must contend for and
we must fight the whisky traffic to its death.
Our speakers must be men of courage. We
must not fear the face of any man. Courage,
courage, courage, now and forever. In all
earnestness, I remain, yours for rights and
truth,
J. F. LEONARD,
THE JEFFERSON SCHOOL FOR BOYS,
714 St, Paul Street,
Baltimore, Md.
April 16, 1908.
1 have heard with the greatest pleasure
that you are going to review Randall’s
poems. I am sure a review from you will
be most appreciative of this Southern poet’s
splendid productions. I enclose a clipping of
New England sentiment with regard to the
book.
I am going to take this opportunity to say
that I regard your life of Thomas Jefferson
as one of the most readable biographies of
American statesman. I give it to my school
boys, and if 1 lend them my copy, I notice
it is not returned till the whole family has.
finished it! Business men, to whom I have
spoken about it, say that they were most un
usually interested. Os course, there are
“critical lights” who like not some new
presentations therein!
Yours very truly,
MATTHEW PAGE ANDREWS,