fifty million dollars in greenbacks would be
regarded as the first step in the movement of
the government to resume its legitimate exer
cise of control over the money of the people,
in the interests of the people, and the first
efficient step also in the action of the govern
ment to limit the speculative, gambling use of
money, the source of impaired confidence.
The issue of the modern greenback, it is
said, was a war necessity. Its remarkable suc
cess as a war money was supplanted by an
equally remarkable success as a peace money.
This, in spite of its base emasculation at the
dictates of the money lenders, who were per
mitted to except the interest and principal of
their bonds from payment in the legal tender
money of the people. They made it good mon
ey for everybody but the bondholders. Its
fidelity to government and people; to public
safety and personal property, made that green
back money exactly what Mr. Lincoln declared
it to be, “The best money the people ever had,
and,” the people believe in the “greenback.”
The mistake of the monetary legislation of
the war period was the enactment of a law
establishing of a banking system based upon a
partnership between public and private inter
ests under which the government has practi
cally abandoned its sovereign right to issue all
money and control all the instrumentalities or
rather the mechanism necessary to the freest
and fullest circulation of money and the reg
ulation of its value and conferred the practi
cal exercise of these monetary functions of
government to the private individuals who own
the capital stock of the banks of that banking
system.
Since 1565 the drift of all monetary legisla
tion in this country has been away from its
own great and instructive precedent of the
war period in favor of the full control of
money by the government and toward a pri
vately controlled monetary system, the relic of
a bygone age. This, too, while all the rest of
the civilized world is rapidly drifting to
ward the basis of our war experiment—issue
and control of money and the monetary sys
tem directly by the government. A number of
governments in commercial nations have al
ready established monetary departments of
the government administered by officers of
the governments in connection with their
financial departments that have complete con
trol of the issue of all money. That money is
based upon the credit of the government and
its quantity regulated by law.
Have we blazed the way of safety on this
great question for others —the way that
brought safely and success to us in our most
trying time and as long as we continued in
the direction it led, only to abandon it at
the dictate of selfish interests, after demon
strating to others that it was the only really
safe way?
Money, in modern civilization, is the most
potent agency for good or evil ever devised
by the wit of man I Its potent, yea, con
trolling, influence, is recognized and accepted.
It has been aptly termed “the lifeblood of
modern civilization.” So potent has been its
recognized influence that Jefferson declared
that “the hand that controls the purse con
trols the sword,” and Garfield said, “Who-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ever controls the volume of the currency is
absolute master of the industry and com
merce of the country.” If these utterances of
recognized statesmanship are true, if the ex
istence and safety of the country, the progress
and prosperity of the people, depend upon
an honest monetary system and the faithful
management of the system, there can never be
safety for government or people when their
control is in the hands of those whose great
purpose is to make money for themselves
and administer the trust with that end always
in view.
The government of the people, organized for
the general defense and “to provide for the
general welfare,” is certainly a more reliable
agency to entrust with the issue of money,
the regulation of its value and the administra
tion of the monetary mechanism of the coun
try than 1 any banking system owned and con
trolled by private capital and managed as a
speculative industry to enrich its owners.
B“He Who Brings Buyer and Seller Together
Does Good to Both” L Jp}
jhemodelmXgXzinem
|imoKMAiiort I ~ J INSPIRATION]
A BUSINESS MAN’S MAGAZINE
AND A WOMAN’S HOME MAGAZINE
48 Pages of Select Reading Matter and Timely Illustrations. Replete with
INFORMATION, INSPIRATION AND OPTIMISM
ONE DOLLAR A YEAR
Among the carefully edited departments are an Impartial Review of
the Great Events of the preceding month. Historical events of each
month in history, Tabloid History of the World, “Our Growing Country,”
“Resources of Our Country,” “American Industries,” “Business,
Finance, Banking, Investment,” “Postal Information,” “Mail Order
News, ” and others relating to Architecture and Building, Town Improve
ment, Good Roads, Science and Labor. Regular magazine features, in
cluding serial and short stories, Woman, Fashions, etc.
The Model Magazine will tell you how to make profitable use of your
idle money and give you practical business hints and suggestions.
The Model Magazine is unlike any other. Send a postal card request
for a sample copy. DO IT NOW. Address:
THE MODEL MAGAZINE
Marden Building WASHINGTON, D. C.
The Model Magazine will be sent to Jeffersonian Magazine and Weekly
Jeffersonian subscribers for 50 cents a year.
The “LUMMUS” \
COTTON GINNING OUTFIT
Important 1908 Improvements
Including Air Blast System
Requiring less power, greater efficiency.
ja/ag:?"" F. H. LUMMUS SONS CO. Columbus, Ga t
Please mention this paper when you write.
The sooner the people of this country realize
this and devote their attention to the devel
opment of a public sentiment strong enough to
control public action in this direction, the
sooner we will have an intelligent solution of
the great money question.
A fine, robust soldier, after serving his
country faithfully for some time, became
greatly reduced in weight, owing to exposure
and scanty rations,-until he was so weak he
could hardly stand. Consequently he got
leave of absence to go home and recuperate.
He arrived at his home station looking very
badly. Just as he stepped off the boat one
of his old friends rushed up to him and said,
“Well, well, Pat, I see you’re back from the
front. ’ ’
Pat looked worried and replied: “Begorra,
I knew I was getting thin, but I niver thought
you could see that much!” —London Tit-
Bits.
PAGE FIFTEEN