PAGE SIX
OF INTEREST TO WEALTH PRODUCERS
THE SIN OF LAND-MURDER.
The truth is, that it is time now to see that
a man who wears out a piece of land sins—
just as a man sins who wears out a human
body with drunkenness or dissipation. We
are coming to the time when a man will be
as much ashamed of owning a gullied hillside
as of owning a skin-and-bones horse. As
James J. Hill, than whom there is hardly a
greater American living, declared in Wash
ington :
“North Carolina was, a century ago, one
of the great agricultural States of the country
and one of the wealthiest. Today as you ride
through the South you see everywhere land
gullied by torrential rains, red and yellow
elay banks exposed where once were fertile
fields; and agriculture reduced because its
main support has been washed away. Millions
of acres, in places to the extent of one-tenth
of the entire arable area, have been so injured
that no industry and no care can restore
them. ”
And the seriousness of this land-murder is
not appreciated by one man in a thousand.
You see an acre of land ruined and you say,
Well, there is $lO, S2O or SSO loss, according
to the price of land in your community. But
the truth is, that the merely temporary esti
mate put upon land values, as indicated by
present prices, does not indicate at all the
far-reaching* extent of the damage. Three
hundred years ago you could have bought
that land from the Indians at ten cents an
acre, but if an acre of it had been ruined
then, would the damage, as we see it now.
have amounted to only ten cents? A hundred
years ago the same land may have been worth
only a dollar an acre; but we know now that
to have ruined an acre would have meant
more than a. dollar’s loss. And so the price
of land today is no criterion by which to
judge the damage and the sin against posterity
wrought by the man who murders an acre of
God’s heritage to the human race —a heritage
He meant to last as long as time itself. The
Nation does well to give the matter serious
t hough t. —Progressive Faimer.
STOCK SENSE.
The only practical way to meet decline in
prices is by cheaper production. Better
management of feed will usually do this.
It is not- quite enough that the work horse
have exercise; he does better if lie has some
work to keep him hardened to his duties, if
his ordinary task is hard work.
It is particularly important that calves
should have a clean, dry place in which to
stay when they want to. It is not wise to
have them stay in the rain when they prefer
the dry.
“Sheep occupy the same position among
the various kinds of animals that are kept,
on the farm that clover, alfalfa, beans and
other legumes occupy among the plants that
jare grown on the farm.”
Some goat- men have adopted the policy
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of dipping their goats twice a year. They
believe that the goats thrive much better and
consequently grow finer fleeces when freed
from the constant irritation caused by lice.
Stockmen are interested in good roads. The
Live Stock World says: “While there may
be minor causes of variation in farm lands,
it is an undoubted fact that as a general rule
the higher values in certain States are due
to their superior roads.”
Os all the stock on the farm, sheep are the
easiest kept within bounds, are the least
trouble when confined, are the most quiet and
contented, the most easily handled, furnish the
best meat for warm weather, in the best
quantity, and the money that comes from t-bem
comes in a time and in away easiest and oft
enest of any animal on the farm.
The Chicago Daily Produce says: “It actu
ally gives a much better idea of the value of
the place to know how much stock it exports
than to know its acreage. The horses are
considered as an expense. They give gen
erally no income, but on the contrary have to
be replaced at some cost when they grow old.
The harness and machinery that necessarily
belong with the horses are also expense only.
It is the cows that bring in the income.”
It is said that the anti-race track bill’s
gambling features has strong support in M.
W. Savage, the owner of Dan Patch. He
says: “I own Dan Patch, 1:55, the fastest
harness horse in the world, and have a large
breeding farm, but 1 am unalterably opposed
to race track gambling. I love a good horse
race, but have never allowed gambling to be
come a personal part of such events. The
greatest uplift the harness horse could possi
bly have would be to abolish gambling in every
State. If race track gambling could be
abolished, I feel sure that the average value
of all harness horses would increase and much
larger crowds would attend all of our race
meetings. ’ ’ —Texas Farmer.
TENANT FARMING.
The tenant system is a detriment to good
fanning unless the land owner protects him
self by proper contract. The one year plan
of rental is detrimental to good farming. • It
offers no incentive to the tenant to farm well.
The one year term induces the tenant to get
all he can off the land without regard for the
future, which results in soil robbing and the
deterioration of the buildings and land. Let
the landlord locate a good tenant and make
such a contract for a tenure of years as will
place landlord and tenant on a mutual part
nership basis. The contract should provide
for a crop rotation, for the maintenance of
buildings and fences, for the hauling of
manure onto the land, for the planting of
alfalfa, for the protection of native grass
pastures from too close grazing and for the
feeding of as much live stock as possible.
Such a contract will preclude rental on the
plan of a division of the prop and will result
in a eash proposition.
The tenant can better afford to rent for
cash for a period of year's. A cash tenure is
practically the only plan which will give him
unlimited freedom in the handling of live
stock, the most profitable branch of agricul
ture. If renting on a crop division the land
owner will permit cultivation of only enough
land for feed to provide for the stock actu
ally needed in working the farm. A good
farming tenant can rent cheaper for cash
than on crop division. Cash rental for a five
year term can be arranged on a more liberal
basis ■with the landlord, for he should take
into consideration the fact that the stored
up resources of the land —soil fertility—will
not be drawn upon so persistently and ruin
ously. The one year lease offers no induce
ment to live stock husbandry and it is this
one year lease which has given tenant farm
ers such a bad reputation in general.
Good farmers can be found who will rent
for a five year period for cash who will sub
mit to reasonable regulations by the landlord.
These tenants will conduct the farm as good
farmers should. They will recognize that
every load of manure placed on the land will
bring them a return. They will recognize the
advantage of keeping the land free from weeds
and of protecting the native pastures. The
landlord must meet the tenant on equitable
grounds and more money will be made by
each. —Exchange.
A FOOLISH OPTIMISM.
Optimism is a very commendable quality.
To believe the best, to strive for the best, to
believe oneself capable of attaining the
best is surely a very desirable quality of mind.
To look on the bright side is something all
of us should strive for. But there is at the
same time what we have called a foolish
optimism, the feeling that, in some mysterious
way, things are going to come out all right
with us, no matter what our course of action.
This is a mistake we have all made with
regard to ourselves individually. It is a mis
take which the American people have made,
and are still making.
As Americans we make this mistake when
we talk about “inexhaustible resources” of
various kinds. Ten years ago we all talked
about our forests as inexhaustible. We know
better now. As President Roosevelt stated in
the recent “conference of governors” to con
sider the conservation of our national resourc
es, we have already entered upon a forest
famine. This is evidenced not only in high
prices and in the fact that in many places the
trees are gone, but in the fact that many kinds
of lumber cannot be obtained in the quanities
desired. In many places in Kansas during
1907 shingles could not be bought. The local
lumber dealer had the shingles, but was under
directions not to sell them except with an
order for lumber for an entire building. A
large Kansas institution recently needed 100
cars of lumber of a. certain kind. It could
buy only 30. The lumber famine, in other
words, is already here.