PAGE FOURTEEN
Ln r gest Vehicle Catalog ever published in South. Describes and B
'S. 'M W’l prices, greatest variety high-clas Southern style Runabouts, Buggies, B
/MtSfigfii Surreys, Wagons and Harness ever shown. Sent Free, Our plan of selling ■
/ direct from factory saves agents* and dealers’ prfi ts of 30 to 50 per ct.g|
, fi t ialg
■ That is our proposition. Our vehicles are strictly as H
M 2zC/.,| \XZ M represented. Our Big New Catalog is full of vehicle ||g
tg H information. Send for it now, it is FREE.
tMKBW—g SBBBHBS MALSBV, SHIPP & CO., Dept. F 41S Forsyth. St. Atlanta, Ga. K
STWO HUNDRED
FOWLS IN COLORS
HAT THE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
LORED Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys, Ducks and Goese will appear in the
.merican Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these
y subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if you tell your
s about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the
ice of 85c a year, i You probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
oown everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper in the United States and having the larg
culation, 60,000 monthly. We spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
*For two years we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly
,00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of
y, turkeys, ducks and geese been pictured in colors and assembled in one harmonious
of illustrations. Poultrymen have wanted and demanded these for years, but no other
■y Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although
?mand from poultrymen for colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the
can Poultry Association will have colored pictures of fowls In the Standard some time in
ture. tSend in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that you
cure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
rican Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
■■ SUBSCRIBE TO - •=
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga. I
Fortunes in Fig Orchards
Texas Figs are the World’s Fair Winners
The famous Fig Preserves made at Aldine, near Houston, are the finest and best known in the world. One Important thing which must
not be overlooked is, that the fig orchards here never fail to produce large, profitable crops. One Acre Set in Figs and One Town Lot,
Both for >230, payable 10 dollars per month without interest, no payment when sick, clear warranty deed in case of death. Local cash mar
ket for fruit. Single crop pays for land and lot. Money back in 3 years with annual income for life. Better than banks, bonds or life
Insurance. If you want to enjoy life in South Texas under your own "vine and fig tree,” or make a small, safe, profitable investment, write
for particular. AGENTS WANTED.
E. C. ROBERTSON, General Sales Manager, 316 Klam Bldg., HOUSTON, TEX.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to Its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives In
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers..
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit :
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L. D. M’GREGOR.
Ferguson’s Lessons
in Land Numbers
T/ZK ON LY BOOK OF ITS KIND PUBLISHED
In addition to full information pertaining to subdivision
of land, as well as the leading points of law governing the
same, it has several never before published articles. One
from Mr. F. W. Foote, Ex-President of the State Bankers*
Association, now active Vice-President of one of the leading
banks of the State, on “How to Open and Conduct a Bank
Account,” another from Dr. Sims, Superintendent of the
Blind Institute of Mississippi, on the “Care and Preservation
of the Eyes.”
This booklet has the endorsement of the leading
educators and others throughout the country and should
be in the hands of all interested in land or the right
training of the boys and girls of the country.
Mailed postpaid on receipt of price sOc. Money back
if not satisfied after five days examination. Remit by money
order or stamps.
THOS. M. FERGUSON, - - Hattiesburg, Miss.
Th A TIC'V cured; quick relief; removes all swell-
I Kll r\ ■ ing in Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects
Ul% V1 kJ 1 permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
I DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.