Additional Letters From the People
NEED FOR MORE WHITE SERVICE
IN POSTOFFICES IN
GEORGIA.
Dear Sir:—Asking favors is not a
habit of mine, but if you will pardon
me I want to ask one of you, and it
is this: Won’t you please write an
editorial in your Magazine or weekly
Jeffersonian touching the conditions
existing in the first and second-class
postoffices in the State of Georgia?
In order to secure the appoint
ment the person seeking the post
mastership knuckles down to a few
niggers and rotten politicians. If he
secures same he has to appoint some
of those politicians as superintend
ents. He begins to fill up the office
with niggers, occasionally a white
man, for it is very necessary to have
white clerks at the general delivery
and stamp windows in order to fool
the dear public whom he seems to be
so anxious to serve. The public will
stand for all the nigger carriers he
can secure, but he endeavors to make
good with white clerks at the win
dows.
Back at the distributing cases and
at the stamping table he can mix
them up, and the public will not get
wise. All legislation in the office fa
vors the niggers, it matters not how
white clerks are affected thereby. All
communications between nigger
clerk, postmaster and superintend
ents are in secret —even nigger la
borers are taken into their confidence
and protected by their sheltering
arms. Oftentimes you may see these
parties on the streets together.
Please insist on the business men
getting acquainted with the white
clerks in their local office, learning
something of the management of said
office, taking an interest in the ap
pointment of postmasters, and assure
them that for their trouble they will
be amply repaid by securing better
service.
Better conditions means better
service.
Thanking you in advance for any
thing you may do for us, I am,
A POSTOFFICE CLERK.
ENJOY AND INDORSE PEOPLE’S
PARTY PRINCIPLES.
Dear Sir: —We are inclosing you
a New York draft for twenty-two
dollars, for which please send Wat
son’s Magazine to the inclosed list
of names for one year, and take no
tice of the fact that you have two
very strong admirers in this little
town who have not only read all your
writings in almost the spirit in which
you do the writing, but believe and
recognize that there is among us a
genius that the Almighty allows to
come to this old earth but once in
every several hundred years.
[Fhis4feffil74boPFßEf
\ Here is our special sewing
awlwhich willbefound
atime and money saver
in every household .««W
i n city and o n farm.
It i s not a nov-
\ elty, but a
I practical IF'/vjf
I hand ma- . . T e “
/ chine L/i pairing
/ for f Shoes, Har-
I ness, Belts,
\ Carpets, Rugs,
I Canvas of all kin ds,
Gloves, Mittens, Sad-
l dies. You can sew up
wire cuts on horses or cattle.
Retail price SI.OO everywhere.
Z£z- Send us 9 3c and receive 52 copies
of the Southwest’s best farm paper,
TEXAS FARM CO-OPERATOR
and this home necessity FREE. Value of
both $2. Address Texas Farm Co-Oper
ator. Box 1015 Fort Worth, Texas
n s
J UliX]' Ji. I"JI II
As a great man once said on a cer
tain occasion, “Speech cannot con
tain our love.” Neither is there in
my vocabulary words that express
our feelings of friendship and ad
miration for you, even though I have
never seen you.
Am very proud of the fact that I
have twice had the privilege of
voting for you in National elections.
Didn’t vote, because did not have
that privilege in our State at last
election.
Many times we have talked about
how we would enjoy reading the
MSS. of the chapter on the Reforma
tion. That is, have it published in
the monthly the way it was before
that “Reader” smeared it over with
red ink. [Unfortunately, the critic
destroyed many of the pages.—•
T. E. W.]
We firmly believe in all the prin
ciples of the People’s Party, and
heartily endorse all you have writ
ten on Foreign Missions and Social
ism.
The only respect in which we have
any difficulty in feeling and under
standing your ideas, is in reconcil
ing these points: We don’t clearly
understand how you have been a
member in good standing in an or
thodox Christian Church, and yet so
clearly and grandly interpret the re
ligious views of Jefferson, Napo
leon and Caesar, and write out of
the depth of your soul those noble
and fascinating lines that introduce
that piece entitled, “Uncle Remus Is
Dead” —not failing also to mention
the chapter on the Reformation.
Os course we believe as Mr. Jef
ferson did on this subject, and don’t
mean to ask you an explanation, but
hope to be able to cull it out of some
of your future writings.
Very sincerely your friends,
H. H. & C. L. HAUGHT.
Shinnston, West Virginia.
HOW TO SECURE INFORMATION
ON DIRECT LEGISLATION.
Dear Sir:—l wrote you several
weeks ago for certain specified in
formation relative to the progress of
direct legislation in the United
States. While you could not then
supply me with the information de
sired, you put me on a track for it
which I afterwards followed till 1
found it.
Any other persons desiring a full
and complete history of direct legis
lation, together with the arguments
pro and con, should write at once to
one of their United States Senators,
or to Hon. Robt. L. Owen, member
U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C., for
a copy of “Senate Documents Nos.
516 and 529, 60th Congress, Ist ses
sion, being a memorial relative to a
national initiative and referendum.”
These documents, of course, being
public documents, cost nothing but
the trouble of writing for them.
They go thoroughly into the nation
al movement and contain much in
formation relative to the movement
among the States.
From the Senate documents re
ferred to, it may be learned, among
other things, that 12 7 members of
the 60th Congress were pledged to
a national initiative and referendum.
The names of the pledged members
are given. It is also of interest to
note that among the Congressmen so
pledged are Democratic members
who defeated Republican opponents
in Republican States during the
campaign of 1908, where the Demo
cratic candidates openly pledged
themselves to these measures and
the Republican candidates were
forced openly to refuse to pledge.
Does this account for Bryan’s run
ning behind his ticket in those
States? Or does it mean that the
Democratic candidates pledged to
these measures ran ahead of their
ticket?
I write this letter that others may
get easily what it cost me considera
ble trouble to get.
Very respectfully,
LEGISLATOR.
Gljfc Jeffersonian
Sister Woman!
f Read My Free Offer
My mission is to make sick women well and I want to give to
■ you or any suffering woman, absolutely free, a full fifty-cent box of CTHBy
our splendid remedy. Balm of Figs. I will send this fifty-cent box
■ absolutely free to convince anyone that I caa really benefit my suf-
sering sisters. I will send it to you to prove that in Balm of Figs I FSaKg®
■ offer any woman a chance to get well and strong—a real oppor- V
■ tunity to enjoy perfect health every day in the year. You, as well 1
as many others, will probably ask yourself this question: Why does \ •'wSSPBral
■ Mrs. Richards offer to give a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs free \
■ to thousands of women whom she doesn't know?
1 will tell you why.
I will be perfectly honest with you. . ®
I really feel it my sincere duty, after fifteen years
of success with this great remedy, to make it known to JRtatfKKß 1
every woman, and that is why, dear friend. I want to f ’/ 1
■ send you, your daughter, your sister, your mother, or BQdjHEgSSR f *
any ailing friend a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs.
absolutely free. It is a remedy that cures woman’s
ailments and I want to tell you all about it— just how
■ to cure yourself right at home without the aid of a w
doctor —and the best of it is that it will not in the least .S*' fl
H interfere with your work or pleasure. Balm of Figs is f
I just the remedy to make sick women well and weak mwfflr
■ women strong and I can prove it—let me prove it
to you—l will gladly do it, for I have never heard X
■ of anything that does so quickly and surely cure (J I .as&MQ tn
woman's ailments. No internal dosing necessary -K,
■ —it is a local treatment, yet it has to its credit some j Hl
of the most extraordinary cures on record. There- •k'jtaß
■ fore, I want to place it in the hands of every
■ woman suffering with any form of leucorrhea, ‘W
painful periods, ulceration, inflammation, displacement or fl
■ falling of the womb, ovarian or uterine tumors or growths, S K
H or any of the weaknesses so common to women.
Let Me Send You, Absolutely Free, £
This 50-Cent Box of Balm of Figs - ~
g| I will send it to you absolutely free, to prove to you person-
ally its splendid qualities, and then if you wish to continue W
further, it will cost you only a few cents a week. Ido not
believe there is another remedy equal to Balm of Figs and W
I am willing to prove my faith by sending out these fifty-
■ cent boxes free—so, my reader, irrespective of your past ex- fl
■ perience, write to me at once—today—and I will send you the ■
treatment entirely free by return mail, and if you desire I fl
■ can undoubtedly refer you to some one near you who can fl
personally testify to the great and lasting cures that have 1 W
resulted through the use of Balm of Figs. But after all the fl $8
fl very best test of anything is a personal trial of it, and I know flfl
H a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs will
I convince you of its merit. In fact,
K nothing is so convincing as the ac
tual test of the article itself, will Fill Out and Return This Cmmnn
you give Balm of figs this test! Re- -- neiUfU gms VUUpOU
■ member—all you need to do is simply H
fl fill out the attached coupon and re- MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS,
turn it to me at once—then I will Snecialßox A7? Jaliot 111
■ gladly send you a fifty-cent box of *“ “ OX JoUet, IIL
Balm of Figs absolutely free. Or if Dear Mrs. Richards: AB lam in need of a remedy like Balm ■
you prefer to write a letter, you can bo pleased to have you send me, by return mall, I
K address me In confidence. one full fifty-cent box, free of coot.
MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS,
3 Special Box A 73Joliet, 111. NAME
NOTE: 1 will also send you free
■ my book entitled, “A Perfect .
s® Woman.” This book should be in the ADDRESS...
9 hands of every woman and will prove
93 of great benefit to all who receive it.
hm I want you to have one.
$1 ONLY
high arm, drop head sewing
•rival at your freight station
y the freight agent the bal
■ home, and you may return
»ry. and we will promptly re
you. We ask the one dollar
utiful machine usually sells
; to nd'rertise it widely we
irily reduced the price to
eludes all attachments.
INK OF ST!
50 Machine
For $15.75
and 60 days trial. Can you
imagine a fairer off er than
this? This elegant ma
chine has all modern im
provements with JiiZZ ball
bearings, patent belt re
placer and a most attrac
tive five-drawer, golden
Oak stand. A written
guarantee for ten years goes
ch machine. Customers in
st will have the machine
them from our factory In
to save time and freight,
ference is the advertising
■r of this paper, with whom
>ersonally acquainted, or the
f Richmond, Va., one of the
institutions in the South,
ill tell you we always keep
mises. Send us sl.oo to-day
ile this offer is open.
le Spotless Co., Inc.
20 Shockoe Square,
RICHMOND. VA.
** The South's Ma i 1 Order House.' ’
When writing to advertisers please mention The Jeffersonian. I
I I THE CLIPPER
J | There are three
thing's that de-
IJ • stroy your lawns,
Dandelions, Buck
/SjTy aWbi Plantain and Crab
OVnU.4 tea. Grass. In one sea-
son the Clipper
I Wig will drive them
all out.
Clipper Lawn Mower Co.
DIXON, ILL.
PAGE SEVENTEEN
“FOREIGN MISSIONS EXPOSED.”
The demand for this book has
been so great that our first edition
is completely exhausted. Another
edition is now in the press, and will
be ready for delivery next week. In
the meantime we must ask those
who have ordered the book in the
last few days to be patient with us.