PAGE SIXTEEN
■■L BA wi
4Btbh^'-" _... :z v Ji
■ You Can Prove It Your Own Had Stomach Trouble I
■by testing It for thirty days at our risk. Ton can as ■ Att*> ■ ■
Common Sense And Gall Stones.
■ la O. K. and how It makes men and women O. JK..—
I sound as a dollar—without putting «1» a penny to do will tell yon that It must do Its work O. BL., or It GREENCASTLE, Mo.—l have been troubled with my Stomach
I |lt. We treat you O. J£. and want no money from could not be sent in this way, without a penny paid for fifteen years and with the Yellow Jaundice and Gall Stones
■ you unless It helps you, unless you can write us that until It helps. Vitse*Ore should be no stranger to so bad I could hardlv eat anything at aIL I H
■ you have tried It and found ft O. BL. Your O. BL. you. You must have seen It advertised over and a bv three of the bmt deters
does it all—it is all lettto you. If you cannot O. BL. over again In this paper, must have heard It pro- I rnnldllll
■ It, if you cannot say It is 21JLI> RIGHT, you do not nouncedO. K. by many of your neighbors, must have f A.ll t^epatein,^ B I
pay a single penny for it. ’* heard that we send it out on trial, exactly as we ad- % * of. All of this cost me several hun- ■
_ L _ If you are not feeling right and do not send for vertlse. Your friends who have had trial packages OsZ-."*' S dred dollars, but I got no relief from doctor® I
VltwOre on our thlrty«day trial offer, you miss a can tell you all about it, but we want you to try It, IL °F, medicines; in fact, I kept getting worse
I chance to get well, a chance you have been looking to learn for yourself that It Is O. BL. As a '* the time. At the time I commenced to
I for, a chance to be O. BL. In body and mind, a chance Why don't you cut out the coupon and send for yMft. j> •- m use Vitae-Ore the doctors told me that I did
I to be happy through perfect health. There are no It today 9 With this offer before you, with the post- O' not have long to live. Previous to my Bick-
I strings tied to our thlrty-day trial offer. There are tive evidence on this page imprinted on your brain. ness I had weighed 184 pounds, but at the
Ino “ifs" and no “huts.** There are no questions to how can you Ignore, hesitate, delay or refuse I What HMMwOv time I began to use Vitas-Ore I weighed
■ answer, no long letters to write, no appliances to is your excuse! You are to be the Judge and need zJWra wLtW nnlv IV> nnnndq. After usinv it ter
buy, no references or past history to give. Getting not pay one penny unless and until you are bene- woXrTp-ained nnnndq I havn attend
it Is as simple as A, B, C. Just fill out the Coupon, flted, until you find It O. BL. We take all the risk. y®,™ 8 / Q galneatOls7 pounds- 1 naveagOOO ME|!
I giving simply your name and address, so we will Bead our thirty-day trial offer, read what Vitse-Ore appetite. Cion t feel any pains Or trouble and
| know you want it and where to send it and It will be is, read the positive proof of its work given on this w!1«WmI! am gaining In weight right along; in fact, I
I sent right to you by next mall, everything prepaid, page and then cut out the Coupon and mall it today. ’ *e©* like a much younger man, although lam ■
J now 62 years old. Two packages of Vitae-Ore
did more for me than all the doctors did. It has prolonged my H
A trial off Vitae-Ore will tell you its own plain story, a story which has meant HEALTH-PEACE and life and you may be sure that I will recommend it to all suf- ■
BODY—COMFORT to thousands off men and women and a blessing on Farm and Ranch and in town homes, B. F. Elsea.
I lkl> Vite-RfP Fnr This ,s Our Nervous Prostration!
g WIICO WIG lUI Trial Offer* civ I
Rheumatism and Lumbago, Kidney, Bind- „ "
,^Wia&5S, h!2R I
Trouble, Catarrh of Any Part, Nervous Pros- meat, by mail, postpaid, and we want to send it to you got my wWe system an^ E^e s w?t?ked wl I
tratlon, taGrippe, Anrnmia, Bloodlessnesa, on 30 days' trial. We don’t want a penny-we fust one S whom pronounced my trouble &nsumS
Plies,Sores and Ulcers, Constipation and Other want you to try want a word from you asking t ion; the other said it was merely Nervous ”° I
! Rowel Troubles, Impure Blood and Worn- for it. and will be glad to send it to you. We take ab- Prostration. The medicinethev ?avp me did
■ Out, Debilitated Conditions. A 30-day trial solutely all the risk-we take all chances. You don’t nJt do me any good at all I was m ter si? |
■ treatment will prove what it can do tot you. risk, penny! Allwee.kU that yea use V.-O lor jodjy, m OQ “bs“t dSSdwtileep nljht\jay I I
a l^"?! l< ± ll,l ,rtr^ l . l '' > ”,.‘ r, ,‘*' l ? l l , M bad something that seemeif Uke S&ari HB? ill I
fll I— a—« ■■■■■!■■■»■■■■ I ■_ actual. Visible good. Otherwise you pay nothing, we ask f would’have fiie or six Sis SttS
■ A.HKSSM AkBRiVS othing, we want nothing. Can you not spare too min- through th/nlffht. 0 * I WMBowak? I
■ I S B* AB 11T 0163 du r,n »the next 30 days to try it? Can you not give almost heloless'w hen some S friends in sisYod /
! WW I VW I 5 minutes to write for It. 5 minutes to properly prepare thatshouldtX?ViteSos and nnit thl li&R/
it upon its arrival, and 3 minutes each day for 30 days doctors as thev were ™
TU I G f\ | | EtA N t<* use «. That is all it takes. Cannot you give 100 min- I tttir My weight I
TFI I O GO UF V N 9 enXy AU- I
_ Youdar” e tofbe^ie n ju^ge. n^^eyare E °a r tisiied a^ith a your e de- I W. ’« ' I
■ Theo. Noel Co., Vitae-Ore Bldg., Chicago, Ills. cision, are perfectly willing to trust to your honor and Vlti-Ore two weeks I feeYthat ImvAmv nr kL'ik
I have read your large advertisement In the I RejuTwhat Vibe-Ore Island write today ted y ° U * and the Theo * Noel Company’s Vit®-Ore. Minnie 0
JEFFERSONIAN ■■■■n * m—L—— " ■' I
package ofVitw-Ore forme to try. I agree to I Read What Has Neither Ache Nor Pain. I
S^»yL“ lam ti ’ am . “'. too much for Vite-Ore. I have I
rm°°Xln.l.mya<ldrasmCa which thetrial trmss- Vitaa.(jl*a le SS ntenw!!! sRLSS?2?i? MM “ evec ,? l '} oe 1 came home from
■ meat uto be aeuti I %>■ w l as 7 er y bad and gave me many 1
EH • . • . . a siege that proved it the hardest enemy I ever went asainsC ■
Vitaa-Ore is a mineral remedy, a combination of sub- I also had Kidney Trouble and Piles and have ■
| stances from which many world’s noted curative paid out hundreds of dollars to get heln All
■ Name springs derive medicinal power and healing virtue. g W the remedies I used never did me as much
I These properties of the springs come from the natural f ■ good as a thlrty-day trial treatment of Vitae- ■
deposits of mineral in the earth through which water I Ore did in two weeks time. It is now over two M
forces its way, only a very small proportion of the med- months since I began to use Vitae-Ore and !
■ TOWII icinal substances In these mineral deposits being thus I have not had an ache or pain about me. lam ■
■ iuwii takenupby theliquid. Vitae-Oreconsistsof compounds W feeling fine. My taints are now limber and 1
of Iron, Sulphur and Magnesium, elements which are vAKBHu’-Sr I have good use of all of mv limbs I feel H
among the chief curative agents in nearly every heal- confident that Vitaa-Ore has entirely cured I
■ £tafa ingmineral spring and are necessary for the creation me of this disease. It seems hard to believe M
cidi v an d retention of health. One package of this mineral so much good could be accomplished in 1
substance, mixed with water, equals in medicinal Mr ■«|so short a time by any one remedy but It is I
strength and healing value, many gallons of the a fact, and I will be glad to have you pub- ■
■ Street or worlds powerful mineral waters, drunk fresh at the EWAWF*' ifeh it if you wish to do so. I hope all the
I Rural Route flowing springs. old Veterans, north and south, will try Vitae-Ore and I think ■
[' For Internal and External Use. Wff 1 ’ “° <!& B S^‘ h6 l
No Off OK RaAFI IMIaH A Ymi that can equal tbls Vitae-Ore 30-day-trlal offter in its fairness?ll
Wllvl IB<3O EbVwl DWII IwIOLIw ■WW genuine benefit that may be obtained by old and young. No doctor bas ever I
I truthfully offered yon treatment on these terms—no other medicine has ever been handed out to you in this manner, It is all in the medicine—its virtues
I and merit allow us to so offer it. And it is not a new, untried medicine, seeking a reputation, that is being so offered, but a medicine that has been tried I
■■ and not found wanting, a medicine which numbers its cures by the thousands, which has gained a reputation by its curative work over the entire length I
I and breadth of this nation, as well as in Canada and the British Isles. Send for a package today and try it. We take absolutely all the risk. ADDRRSSt !
fTHEO. NOEL COMPANY, CHICAGO, ILL.J
Zsl>® Jeffersonian