Don’t Stay Fat
SI.OO Box Free
I Want to Prove to You Before Your
Own Eyes and at My Expense That
I Can Reduce You to Normal
Weight Safely. Without Star
vation Diet or Tiresome
Exercises.
If Doesn’t Matter What Yon Have
Tried Send For This Free >I.OO Box
of My Safe Fat Reducer Today.
“I Know From Personal Experience
There Is No Longer Any Excuse
For Anyone To Be Too Fat.
Try Kellogg’s Safe Fat Re
ducer, As I did,” Says
Ada Rayner.
Free, positively free, a SI.OO box of
Kellogg’s Safe Fat Reducer, to every
sufferer from fat, just to prove that it
actually reduces you to normal, does it
safely, and builds up your health at the
same time. I want to send you with
out a cent of expense oh your part this
SI.OO package of what I am free to call
a really wonderful fat reducer.
My treatment is prepared scientifical
ly. It does not stop or hinder diges
tion; on the contrary, it promotes prop
er digestion and assimilation of food,
which 99 fat people in a hundred
haven’t got, and that’s why they are
fat.
LEAVES NO WRINKLES
You should have no fear, after being
reduced by Kellogg’s Safe Fat Reducer,
that your loss of weight will result in
wrinkles, as is usually the case with so
many treatments used for flesh reduc
tion.
If you are too fat don’t fail to fill out
free coupon below and mail today.
SI.OO Free Package Coupon
This coupon is good for a SI.OO
package of Kellogg’s Safe Fat Re
ducer and a book of Photographs
and testimonials. Fill in your name
and address on the blank lines be
low and inclose 10 cents in silver
or stamps as an evidence of good
faith and to help cover postage and
packing, and by return mail you
will receive a SI.OO package prepaid.
F. J. Kellogg, 2529 Kellogg Bldg.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
Name
Street No
City and State
®''N. Here is a
Money Maker
tor every
iSBsoMgT TOBACCO,CABBAGE, TOMATO
AND SWEET POTATO GROWER
MEiy Masters
I| f Plant Setter
takes away all the tedious work of
WlWl setting out a field of plants. This
W l i fill W Setter is a great labor saver, a crop
producer and a drought breaker. Is
M™lri |lllf worth TEN TIMES its cost to every
iM ||lMf farmer and grower in the U. 8.
Send us your name and address
reSHf and we w ’h tell you all about it and
what it will do, price, etc.
iWllr COUNTY AGENTS WANTED
MASTERS PLANTER CO.
yr 178 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
DEMOCRATS ASHAMED OF THESE
SENATORS.
Editors The Jeffersonian, Atlanta, Ga.
Dear Sirs:—Enclosed currency sl,
subscription to the Jeffersonian. The
paper has been coming to me unso
licited for many weeks, presumably
at the instigation of some frined; at
first I gave it only a cursory perusal,
but finally became very much inter
ested in its able editorials, its clear
statements of occurrences, political
and others, and now take pleasure to
contribute my mite towards its main
tainance, preferring it to more pre
tentious publications.
I desire to commend you for the
fight you are waging in behalf of the
plain people, who have no spokes
man to speak of in the press through
out the land, but pander from selfish
motives to wealthy interests.
Your articles on the Tariff ques
tion, and showing the people how
their representatives in both houses
of Congress betray their interests
and violated the pledges of their
party, voting, as they did, against
the free importation of articles ex
plicitly mentioned in the Democratic
platform, deserve to be highly ap
proved by all thinking Democrats
who have the good of their party as
well as that of the country at large
at heart, and I can assure you that
many Democrats in the State of
Florida, besides myself, are ashamed
of the records of their Senators and
are anxious to replace them with
men who will be true to their profes
sions and true to their people.
Very truly yours,
MAX REIF.
Fort Meade, Fla., July 22, 1909.
ROSES FOR THE DIVING.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir and Brother:—Believing,
as I do, that if flowers are any good,
they are better during life than on
one’s grave, I wish to give you my
endorsement for the fight you are
making for the betterment of the
masses. I see the political situation,
so far as I am able to see it, as you
present it, but you have a better gift
of “continuance” than I have, for if
left alone I would have thrown up
the sponge and quit the drive some
time since. I have my doubts as to
the people being able or competent
for self-government.
We all know that it is in the power
of the people to change their condi
tion at the first election, if they
would only vote for the change.
Go ahead, Tom, and pour the hot.
shot into them, for the whole shoot
ing match needs it, and your com
ments are having more attention
than anything I can remember.
Now, I am only writing to let you
know that I am with you, and that
the rank and file of the people are
also, if they will not say so with their
votes. Maybe they will come round
to that point some time, if you can
hold out to keep telling them how it
is.
My prayer is, that you may be
spared long to warn the masses, and
that they may yet take the warning.
I am very truly yours,
ZACH SAVAGE.
Hico, Ala., August 2, 1909.
Cosmopolitan, Success, Watson’s
and The Jeffersonian, all for twelve
months, only $2.50.
Jeffersonian
$4.50 FOR $2.50
Cosmopolitan Magazins, 1 year - $1.50
Success Magazine, 1 year - - - - - - 1.00
Watron’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 1 year - - 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 1 year - - - 1.00
$l5O
ALL FOR $2.50
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR ONLY 30 DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS
15 PREMIUMS FREE! READ OUR OFFER,
aHiisywm
Give us name of your express office, and we will ship you two Boxes consisting of fifty of our choice Brands
10-cent Cigars, C.. 0. D <5.95, and in same package will ship you A-bsoliitely Free, One Automatic
Double Action S. & W. Model Revolver, One Genuine Stem Set and Stem Wind Watch fitted with American
Movement, warranted One Year, One Full Hollow Ground Kazor worth $2.50, Six Triple Silver-plated Tea
Spoons, One Rolled Gold Watch Chain, One Gold Plated Watch Chain, One Tie Holder, One Collar Button,
Two Sleeve Buttons. Fifteen Presents Free, if you allow us to send you in same package the Two
Boxes Cigars C. O. D. ss.9s anil allow Full Examination to your nearest Express Office. Send
No Money. If you don’t think Cigars and Fifteen Premiums worth three times the amount, don’t
pay one cent. We take all the risk. Order now! Address, CASIH) 1C SALES COUPAKT,
Candor, North Carolina.
PREMIUM MUSIC
The following list of popular vocal and instrumental music is part
of a list of about 300 pieces which we will offer to our subscribers.
Yearly subscribers to Watson’s Magazine or the Jeffersonian will
be entitled to six pieces; subscribers for six months at fifty cents
each, three pieces; subscribers for three months at twenty-five cents
each, one piece.
The list embraces the most popular and standard compositions
ever published, among which '’are some of the best copyright suc
cesses of the day. Every copy is printed from lithographed stones on
the finest quality, full-sized sheet music paper. Every composition
is perfectly and carefully arranged by eminent musicians. Every
title is a work of art, reproduced in three and four color effects from
original drawings and paintings.
This is the same music for which you pay 25 and 50 cents per
copy at your home music stores.
POPULAR INSTRUMENTAL POPULAR VOCAL
142 Dixie. Transcription. 202 Jerusalem.
143 Dixie’s Land, Theme and Va- 205 Lost Chord. The.
riations. 209 Oh, Fair Dove, Fond Dove.
144 Falling Waters. 211 Palms (High).
145 German Airs, Medley. > 212 Palms (Medium).
146 Girlhood Days, Three-step. 213 Palms (Low).
147 Herald Chimes March, The 214 Perchance (The Dream is
148 Irish Airs, Medley March. O’er).
150 La Sorella, March. 215 Rosary.
151 “Let’er Go,” March. 219 Ave Maria.
152 Loving Hearts (Tone Poem). 222 Dear Heart.
153 Mendelssohn’s Wedding March 223 Good Night (Db. Low).
155 Merry Widow Waltz (from 224 Home, Sweet Home.
“Merry Widow” Opera). 225 Juanita.
156 Merry Widow Selection (from 226 Love’s Old Sweet Song.
“Merry Widow” Opera). 190 Calvary (High).
157 Moonbeams on the Lake. 191 Calvary (Medium).
159 My Old Kentucky Home, Tran- 192 Calvary (Low).
qcrintion 197 Flee As a Bird.
160 National Airs 200 Heart Bowed Down,
on pu i i m • + - 201 In Old Madrid.
S Transcription. 245 Kathleen Mavourneen.
16a Old Folks at Home, Transcrip- 247 Last Rose of Summer .
tion. 250 Lorna Doone.
166 Old Oaken Bucket, Transcrip- 251 Ma Li’l Sweet Sunbeam,
tion. 253 My Nightingale.
170 Plantation Airs, Medley March 254 My Old Kentucky Home.
171 Plantation Medley (of South- 256 Old Folks at Home.
ern Airs 25 1 Old Black Joe.
175 Ramona. Waltz. 258 Old Oaken Bucket. (
177 Sagawana, Indian Intermezzo. 1, 1 A altz
180 Scotch Airs. 262 Sally 6 in Our P Alley.
to? o l , 265 Vilja (from “A Merry Widow”
181 Spray of Gold. Opera).
183 Sweet Meditations. 266 Waltz Duet (from “A Waltz
184 Twentieth Century Woman, Dream” Opera).
March. 267 When First I Saw the Love-
185 Up In a Swing, Reverie. light in Your Eyes.
Other numbers will be offered in later issues of the Jeffersonian.
Order by numbers. Remember that if you subscribe to either
Magazine or Weekly for a year, you are entitled to six pieces of
music.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE SEVEN