PAGE TWELVE
TLditorial Notes.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Here it was a clear case of the corrupt poli
tician trying to oust the fearless, honest official.
Hughes had done what he thought right; he
had disregarded the bosses’ orders; he had
whipped the legislature into line and made that
body pass the anti-gambling race track bill,
even after the gamblers raised $500,000 to de
feat it by buying the legislature. Such a man
must be admired, it matters not to what party
he belongs.
And Governor Hughes accomplished this vic
tory by calling an extra session of the legisla
ture, and, in the meantime, letting the people
know what legislators had prevented the pas
sage of the bill at the regular session.
Another element which fought Hughes was
the Wall street crowd. Hughes favors abol
ishing the present system of exchange gam
bling in Wall street, and the Wall street crowd
is afraid he will abolish it.
But the people know what kind of man Gov.
Hughes is, and they re-elected him.
One peculiar thing about Mr. Bryan is that
he always congratulates his successful foe.
If Mr. Taft represents everything which Mr.
Bryan charged him with, it seems to th v e aver
age person that Mr. Bryan should be the last
one to congratulate him.
As we have to have a Republican President,
Mr. Taft is about the best man we could get.
He at least has some sympathy with the
Southern people, and will treat them as citi
zens of other sections are treated.
His record as Secretary of War, when he and
President Roosevelt “fired” the negro soldiers
who “shot up” Brownsville proves this much.
It is rather tiresome to pick up a Democratic
paper and read an editorial on “why Mr. Bryan
was defeated,” but you have a feeling bordering
on contempt when you read an editorial in a
Southern Democratic paper along the line that
it is now time for the South to assert her politi
cal independence.
For you know there is no confidence to be
put in that editor when the time comes for him
to face the music. ,
You know that next time he will be support
ing the Democratic nominee in the same old
way. Who the nominee happens to be, or what
the platform of the party is, will not make one
bit of difference.
Just so it has the Democratic label tacked on
it, this same editor will use columns of space
telling us how the South will be ruined unless
we support the Democratic ticket.
If there is such a thing as a human being
having about as much backbone as a jelly fish,
quite a number of them are editing Democratic
newspapers.
POPULAR PHRASES.
Some Familiar Lines That Are Con
stantly Misquoted.
Critics who assert that we get more
slovenly and careless every day in
speech, manners and customs have
proof of part of their assertion at
any rate in the manner in which the
writings of famous authors are con
tinually being misbuoted and dis
torted. In Coleridge’s “Ancient
Mariner” are these words: “Water,
water everywhere, nor any drop to
drink.” Ninety-nine people in a
hundred say “and not a drop to
drink” for the last line.
Again, how often we hear people
sing, “Rule, Britannia, Britannia
rules (instead of rule) the waves,”
The labor vote which Samuel Gompers prom
ised to deliver to Mr. Bryan refused to be de
livered, and, as we predicted, it is almost cer
tain that Mr. Gompers will be asked to retire
and let another man head the American Feder
ation of Labor.
R
There will be very few changes in the next
Congress, the Republicans having a majority
in both branches.
We may expect about the same kind of leg
islation that has been given us for the last
twelve years.
With Cannon bossing the House, and the
Trust controlled Senators the Senate, Taft will
have to use the “big stick” pretty hard to get
any law passed which is of much benefit to the
people.
Much has been said about the presidential
election, and, especially, the light vote cast by
the Populists.
As explained in last week’s issue, we had
no organization in the state or nation. We had
no campaign fund to conduct a legitimate cam
paign.
Our candidates paid their campaign expenses
out of their own pockets, and the campaign
funds which they received would not have paid
their postage stamp bill. ;
But just before the election some of our
Democratic friends were even more jubilant
than they are now (Mr. Bryan’s political fu
neral not being considered possible at that
time) for they were claiming that they would
carry Watson’s home county, and his home
precinct.
But they missed their calculations about as
far as they did their calculations on Mr. W. J.
B.’s election to the Presidency.
Mr. Watson carried his home county and his
home precinct, and every other precinct in his
Home County.
It is a peculiar law we have in Georgia as
to the election of Presidential electors.
There is an elector for each congressional
district, yet that elector is not elected unless
his entire ticket is successful.
In other words Georgia has thirteen electors,
—eleven for the eleven Congressional districts
and two from the state at large.
Now suppose the electors are divided, —that
is, say seven on one ticket and six on the other
elected, —the six defeated candidates on the
same ticket with the seven victorious are con
sidered elected, while the six who were really
elected are counted defeated and the defeated
six are allowed to cast their electoral vote, just
as if they were the elected ones.
Why not make our eleven Congressmen
elective in the same way? Why not let one
district elect the Congressman for another?
Why not let three or four of our biggest
cities elect all of them for the whole state?
It is true that each candidate for Superior
and quote Macbeth as saying, “Screw
your courage to the sticking point,”
instead of “sticking place.” Those
two familiar lines of Samuel Butler’s,
“He that complies against his will is
of his own opinion still,” are usually
misquoted as, “Convince a man
against his will, he’s of the same
opinion still.”
Shakespeare never wrote, “it’s an
ill wind that blows nobody good,” al
though this is the version generally
given of the correct words from
“Henry V1.,” which run, “11l blows
the wind that profits nobody.” Na
thaniel Lee is similarly treated in
regard to his phrase, “When Greeks
joined Greeks then was the tug of
war,” which more often than not is
misquoted as, “When Green meets
Ozft'lk then comes the tug of war.”
■©lje Jeffersonian
“Money is the root of all evil” is
a travesty of the line from the first
Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy, “The
love of money is the root of all evil.”
Another Scriptural passage which is
often incorrectly quoted is the sen
tence from Proverbs, “Pride goeth
before destruction and an haughty
spirit before a fall.” The popular
version is, “Pride goes before a fall.”
That fine phrase from Wolfe’s
poem, “The Burial of Sir John
Moore,” which runs, “Bj.it we left
him alone with his glory,” is very
badly treated by people who say,
“ Alone in his glory,” while the cor
rect words, as written by Longfellow,
of the phrase so often used, “All
things come to him who waits,” are,
“All things come around to him who
will but wait.’’—London Til-Bits,
Court Judge and for Solicitor General is put on
the state ticket,—the candidates for these of
fices being voted for in other circuits just as
in their own, and vice versa.
This was done back in the 90’s when the
“Pops” were in power in some sections and
they didn’t want us to have a judge or Solici
tor, —for it might have interfered with the
Democratic court in some sections.
u n n
SERVE THE NEGROES.
But Prohibitive Prices Will Be Charged to
Evade the Law.
Washington, November 7. —A decision was
rendered by Corporation Counsel Thomas that
hereafter hotels, restaurants, cases, ice cream
saloons, places where soda water is sold and
barber shops in the District of Columbia will
be compelled to serve colored persons in the
same rooms and at the same price as white
persons. The old plan, it is said, will be re
stored, and undesirable patrons driven away,
by charging prohibitive prices. If a negro
should float into the favorite collation room of
upper tendom and meekly ask for a cup of cof
fee he will be politely informed that the bever
age will cost him $2.35. If he wants a plain
small steak he will be notified in advance that
the check will be $11.60, and with onions $16.25.
The courts have sustained such tactics.
Isn’t this a nice state of affairs?
Suppose the “BLACK BUCK” brings suit
against the proprietor of one of these places,*—
claiming that he is a desirable citizen?
Then what?
In Washington he can find numbers of white
men, —white men who put themselves on a
level with the negro, —who will swear that he
is a desirable citizen.
Then what?
The courts of Washington City are very
friendly to the negro, so are the Jurors, —in
fact negroes serve on the juries.
Some negro will bring suit against the pro
prietor of one of the above mentioned places;
he, the negro, will be awarded damages, and,
after that, any proprietor will be afraid to re
fuse to serve any negro who demands service.
How can a proprietor of a public place
have one price for one man and another price
for another?
The restaurant and hotel has its advertised
rate for everything, and you can make them
charge according to that advertised rate.
Let a negro come into one of the Washing
ton hotels where you are stopping and the
clerk tell him his rate is three times as much
as yours.
And you will hear the most impudent reply
you ever heard a negro give a white man.
And under this ruling the white man must
take him as his guest, unless he is undesirable,
and how are you to prove that he is undesira
ble?
The Waldo Nurseries
Mr. T. K. Godbey, of Waldo, Fla.,
whose advertisement appears in this
week’s Jeffersonian, has just received
an order from the Department of Agri
culture for 17 bushels of his “Poor
land” corn, to go to the Philippine Is
lands, for seed. This corn is said to
be almost weevil-proof, and the most
productive and best milling corn in
the South. Mr. Godbey is the origina
tor of the Waldo and Jewell peaches,
which have brought millions of dollars
into the South. He has also origina
ted a seedless persimmon and an ever
blooming wistaria, which remains in
full bloom from April to August. The
Triumph sweet potato is the latest re
sult of Mr. Godbey’s endeavor. He
says that he will bed out 10,000 bush
els of sweet potatoes next spring.
Write for his catalogue if you are in
terested in vegetable plants,