called him, impatiently walked the floor. Fi
nally the good man said: “Tempus fugit, Mr.
Watson,” whereupon, turning your head from
the blackboard, and looking at the professor,
you answered: “I’ll fugit, too, Professor,”
and you promptly took your seat.
I will return to Washington about January
2, and will remain there until the adjourn
ment of congress. If I can serve you at the
capital at any time, I shall be most happy to
do so, and it will always be a pleasure to see
you there.
Wishing you a merry Christmas and a hap
py New Year, I am, always as ever,
Sincerely yours,
JNO. T. BOIFEUILLET.
(Note: —The truth is, that mathematics was
my short suit. After learning arithmetic I
was rudderless on a shoreless sea. Algebra,
geometry, trimonometry, etc., never interested
me in the least.
This thing of a plus by minus c equals y, is
all tomfoolery to me.
Like Latin and Greek, I never understood
it, and never cared to understand it.
Arithmetic answers all my mathematical
needs, and the English language is good enough
for me.
But if the good Lord spares my life, we
shall have that meeting in Atlanta. We must
have Alex. Keese and Pope Brown, and Will
Reynolds, and Seab Wright and Linton Dean
and John Daniels and Alvan Freeman and
Charlie Moses. And we shall have a great
night of it, talking over old times. —T. E.
W.)
BANKERS FRAME CURRENCY BILL
FOR CONGRESS.
(Continued from Page One.)
a reserve city, and that every national bank
ing association situated and doing business
outside of a central reserve city, or a reserve
city, may keep three-fifths of its lawful money
reserve on deposit in a national bank in a
central reserve city, or in a reserve city.
“Sec. 6. That the taxes upon national bank
guaranteed credit notes, provided for in sec
tions 2 and 3, of this act, shall be paid in
lawful money to the treasurer of the United
States. Said taxes, when received, shall con
stitute a guaranty fund to redeem the notes
of failed banks, and to pay the cost of print
ing and current redemption.
“Sec. 7. That when any national banking
association takes out any national bank guar
anteed credit notes for issue and circulation,
it shall deposit with the treasurer of the
United States in lawful money an amount
equal to 5 percentum thereof. The amount so
deposited shall be placed in the guaranty fund
for the purpose thereof. But said amount
shall be refunded to the respective bank’s as
sociation as the taxes provided for in sections
2 and 3 of this act. Maintained said guar
anty fund above 5 percentum of the maximum
amount of national bank guaranteed credit
notes taken out for issue and circulation, but
that no bank shall withdraw any part of its
deposit of said 5 percentum until it shall have
to its credit jn said fund paore than 5 pbr
eentum. '
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
“Sec. 8. That the comptroller of the cur
rency shall designate certain cities convenient
ly located in the various sections of- the United
States for the current daily redemption of
said national bank guaranteed credit notes;
he shall fix rules and regulations for such re
demption; and, before authorizing and per
mitting any national bank association to take
out for issues and circulation any national
banking credit notes he shall require such re
demption of such notes in every redemption
city so designated.
“Sec. 9. That said national bank guar
anteed credit notes issued in accordance with
the provisions of this act shall be received at
par in all parts of the United States in pay
ment of taxes, exercise, public lands and all
other dues to the United States, except duties
on imports; and also for all salaries and other
debts and demands owing by the United
States, to individuals, corporations and asso
ciations within the United States, ex
cept interest on the public debt and in
reedmption of the national currency. Said
notes shall be received upon deposit and for
all purposes of debt and liability by every
national banking association at par, and with
out charge of whatsoever kind.
“Sec. 10. That the holder of any national
bank guaranteed credit note shall have a prior
lien on the assets of the national banking as
sociation issuing it, and on the statutory lia-
AUCTION
LAND SALE
On February 1, 1908, 11 a. m., we will sell to the highest bidder about four hundred
acres of land, located in Clayton county, Ga., four miles west of Jonesboro, near Camp
Creek, eighteen miles south of Atlanta on the Southern Railway and known as the Travis-
Trust Estate. This land is divided into six fine farms from 25 to 150 acres; all fronting on
the Jonesboro and Fairburn public road as per diagram. Sale will occur on premises.
Terms cash. J. A. Huie and W. G. Travis, salesmen, Riverdale, Ga.
EARLY SPRING OATS
ALEXANDER’S SELECTED
GENUINE TENNESSEE GROWN BURT OR 90 DAY ARE THE BEST. PRICES:
1 bu. sl, stolo at 89c; 25 to 50 at 84c; 100, 80c. They are grown especially for seed *
from selected seed stock.
ALEXANDER’S SEEDS ARE THE BEST THAT GROW. SELECTED FOR THE
SOUTH. OUR STOCKS ARE ALL FRESH AND TESTED FOR PURITY AND GERM
INATION.
New Catalog is now ready. Yoyr name on a postal will bring it, and It will pay
you to order from it.
THE ALEXANDER SEED COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA Established 1873
bility of shareholders.
“Sec. 11. That upon the failure of national
banking association all outstanding national
bank guaranteed credit notes taken out by it
in accordance with the provisions of this act,
shall, upon presentation to the United States
treasury, be paid in lawful money out of the
guaranty fund; but the United States treas
urer shall recover in lawful money for the
assets of the failed bank the amount of the
guaranteed credit notes of such bank out
standing at the time of failure, and the same
shall be paid into the guaranty fund as pro
vided in section 10, of this act.
“Sec. 12. That any national banking asso
ciation desiring to retire its national bank
guaranteed credit notes or to go into liqui
dation, shall pay into the guaranty fund an
amount of lawful money equal to the amount
of its national bank guaranteed credit notes
then outstanding.
“Sec. 13. That any national banking as
sociation desiring to take out national bank
guaranteed credit notes, and having notes out
standing in excess of 62 1-2 percentum of its
paid-up capital, to secure the payment of
which United States bonds have been deposit
ed, may, upon the deposit of lawful money,
redeem such excess without reference to the
limitation of $9,000,000 each month, pre
scribed in the act approved March 4, 1907.”
Atlanta Constitution.
PAGE FIVE