PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian.
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. July 15, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
What “ We Missionaries 99
Concealed
In the Christian church at Crawfordville,
Indiana, the Rev. Paul Wakefield, of Spring
field, Illinois, gave a talk Tuesday evening,
two weeks ago.
Among other things, Mr. Wakefield said:
“There are more women missionaries degraded
by Chinese men than there are Chinese converted.
“The tragic termination of the Chinatown ro
mance of Elsie Sigel and her two Mongolian suit
ors has uncovered the evils of the system of indi
vidual religious instruction which is almost uni
versal in the Chinese missions.
“We missionaries have known this for a long
time and were not surprised when we read of El
sie Sigel’s tragic death.”
Reader, do some thinking! Remember that
Elsie Sigel, the grand-daughter of General
Franz Sigel, had devoted her young life to
the sacred work of converting the Chinese to
the religion of Christ. The mother of the
girl consented to her doing this. Both moth
er and daughter felt sure that such work was
approved of God and would redound to His
glory.
To make a long story short, —the young en
thusiast was ruined by one or more of her
converts, and after apparently living in im
moral relations with one of them, she was
choked to death in his bed-room and her body
hidden in a trunk. A great sensation fol
lowed the finding of the corpse and, as the
Rev. Paul Wakefield said, this shocking mur
der “uncovered the evils of the system.”
Mr. Wakefield declares that the dangerous
methods of individual instruction which cost
Elsie Sigel her virtue, her life and perhaps
her soul's salvation, “& almost universal in
Chinese missions.”
That is a statement to fill one with dismay.
But the worst of all is the Reverend Paul’s
admission that “ice missionaries hare known
this a long time.”
Known what? That the system of mission
work now in operation was causing the degra
dation of more women missionaries than there
were Chinese converted.
They knew this, they had long known it.
AND 'THEY KEPT IT COVERED UP!
Upon my word, I think that is the most in
famous statement that a minister of the Gos
pel ever made.
What! “We missionaries” knew that these
slant-eyed, lecherous Chinese wolves were
pretending to become converts in order that
they might win the confidence of pure, unsus
pccUnof Christian girls and destroy them!
The missionaries knew that the Caucasian
women were being ruined by the hypocritical
“converts”, and they kept the hideous secret
to themselves.
Did “we missionaries” warn the girls, who
were about to go blindly into that vile asso
ciation? No. Did “we missionaries” warn
the mothers and fathers of the would-be mis
sionary girls? No. Did “we missionaries”
tell the people about it, in the missionary ser-
13l)e Jeffersonian
mon? No. Was any hint of it dropped in
the reports to Conventions, Conferences and
Synods? No. Did any of the missionary pa
pers or magazines put you and your sisters
and daughters on your guard ? No.
“We missionaries had known it a long
time,” but we kept it to ourselves! Why ?
Because a knowledge of the appalling truth
would have brought the deluded people to
their senses and the missionary collections
would have fallen off!
Suppose that I had charged this horrible
evil upon the missionary methods, —would the
missionaries have confessed it? You know
that they would not. They would have denied
it bitterly. But Elsie Sigel’s dead body, dis
covered in the bed-room of one of the bright
and shining Chinese “converts,” “uncovered
the evils of the system.”
“We missionaries” knew of those evils, and
had known of them a long time! But we
kept the lid on. We saw our Christian sis
ters walking blindly to perdition and we did
not say one word to save them!
Merciful God! How could anything be
more infamous?
If “we missionaries” could keep covered up
such frightful conditions in the mission work
among the Chinese of New York, WHAT IS
IT THAT THEY COULD NOT KEEP
COVERED UP IN THE MISSION WORK
IN CHINA ?
You did not know that Chinese rakes were
wearing Christian clothes to get the chance to
debase Caucasian girls. “We missionaries”
knew it, but kept the secret.
WHAT OTHER SECRETS ARE THEY
KEEPING?
The terrible confession of Rev. Paul Wake
field ought to damn this whole unscriptural
system of foreign missions.
The missionaries who kept that awful se
cret are not much better than the Chinamen
who ruined the girls.
Justice to Senator A. O. Bacon
As a matter of simple justice, the Jeffer
sonian must set Senator Bacon right. He
voted for what he considered a revenue tariff
on lumber, and in this we thought he went
wrong. First, the Denver platform pledges
Democrats in Congress to put timber, logs and
lumber on the free list; and, second, the party
has been generally understood to favor free
raw materials. We take no stock in Senator
Bailey’s claim that untaxed raw materials
mean double protection to the manufactu
rers. So long as the Tariff on finished prod
ucts is as high as at present, any addition to
the cost of raw materials will simply be used
as an excuse to advance the price of manufac
tures.
While we took Senator Bacon to task for
his lumber vote, we must bear testimony to
the fact that he has made a gallant fight,
throughout the extra-session, for a very sub
stantial reduction of the Tariff burden. He
has stood up to the New England push in a
way that we admire. He wrung some impor
tant concessions from Aldrich, and did every
thing that was possible to so adjust Federal
taxation that it w T ould bear less crushingly
upon the farmer. We have been reading the
Congressional Record, from day to day, and
had some one inquired who is the leader of the
Democratic Opposition in the Senate, our an
swer would have been, —“Judging by the
Record, —Bacon is.”
For twelve years he has endeavored to place
bagging and ties on the free list. Several
times he succeeded in the Senate, but the du
ties were restored in the Conference Commit
te. At this extra-session, Senator Bacon
again made a fight for free bagging and ties.
He succeeded as to the Jute, but the Steel
Trust owns the Senate majority, and the tax
on ties remains.
It was recently stated that Senator Bacon is
in favor of foreign cheap labor, and dago im-
migration. That is a mistake. The Senator
is not only in full accord with his people upon
that subject, but has announced his intention
to vote for the increased head tax on immi
grants.
It has also been stated that Senator Bacon
was not in sympathy with the white firemen
of the Georgia Railroad during the late strike.
The Jeffersonian is in possession of copies
of the letters and telegrams of General-Man
ager Scott, Vice-Presidents A. P. Kelly and
E. A. Ball, and Senator Bacon; therefore we
know what Mr. Scott asked the Senator to do
and what the Senator declined to do.
Mr. Scott wished the General Government
to take a hand in the dispute, “to assist the
Georgia Railroad”, and Senator Bacon took
the position that the Federal authorities
should not butt in, until the Legislature or
the Governor called for help.
This position is constitutionally correct.
After the strike was at an end, Messrs. Ball
and Kelly, on behalf of the white firemen,
telegraphed their thanks to Senator Bacon.
General-Manager Scott sent him no thanks,
either by letter or telegram.
® ® a
The Florida Senators
Is Florida a Republican State ?- Judged
by the record being made by its two Senators,
we are compelled to answer, “YES.”
Disgraceful and astounding as have been
the votes of many Southern Senators at the
extra session of Congress, no state has been
so consistently Republican, in its Senatorial
action, as Florida.
Other Southern states have occasionally
had the pleasure of seeing both their Sena
tors break away from the lead of that cynical
old liar and scoundrel, Aldrich of Rhode
Island.
But Florida has two men representing her
in the U. S. Senate who have made a record
that is without break or blemish in its stal
wart Republicanism.
Fletcher and Taliaferro have followed
Rhode Island’s Mary like two little docile and
affectionate lambs. Everywhere that Aldrich
went, the Florida sheep were sure to go.
Every time that Aldrich cried “Sheep!
Sheep!” there went Fletcher and Taliaferro,
tracking along after Lodge. Gallinger, Hale,
Smoot, Root and Depew, bleating with the
Republican flock and swelling the tuneful
chorus of the stand-pat “Ba-a! Ba-a-a!!”
Upon my word, it has been the most aston
ishing, disgusting and shameful spectacle that
the extra session has presented. Who elected
these Florida Senators, anyway? Whom do
they represent? In whose interest are they
voting ?
One would think that the Democratic par
ty were dead in the Land of Flowers, and that
the Republicans are in full control.
When the lumber schedule was reached,
I letcher and Taliaferro both voted in the in
terest of the Georgia-Florida Saw Mill Asso
ciation, and against everybody who has to
buy lumber. When the hides schedule came
up, they voted with the Packers’ Trust, and
against the. millions who have to buy shoes.
Every citizen of Florida will have to pay
more to the Georgia-Florida Saw Mill Asso
ciation for timber and plank and shingles be
cause the Florida Senators refused to honor
the Democratic national platform and desert
ed to the Republicans.
Every man, woman and child in Florida
will have to pay more for shoes, because their
two Senators abandoned the principles of
Democracy and gave their votes to the dis
honest Northern Trust whose embalmed beef
poisoned our troops during the Spanish war.
IT IS A SHAME!
Are there no Democrats left in Florida?
Is there no man, down there, who will take
up the fight for the people whose interests
have been foully betrayed by these two Sena
tors?