PAGE FOURTEEN
SHOULD FOSTER ARICULTURE.
One of our ablest Southern contemporaries
declares it is a short-sighted policy of govern
ment that does not seek unceasingly to foster
its farming interests. The prosperity of a
country is dependent upon its agriculture.
Mining and manufacturing, commerce and
transportation, all the wheels of industry re
fuse to run when agricultural conditions lan
guish. With the tremendous strides made in
other departments of labor, the farm cannot
afford to stand still or to employ antiquated
methods. Hand and brain must be intelli
gently directed that the products of the
ground may be abundant and profitable. The
treatment of the soil should be a matter of
careful study. If allowed to run down, effort
applied to its cultivation is little more than
time misspent. Its preservation and up-build
ing require as diligent concern as the care
and improvement of stock, or as the proper
cultivation of the crops that grow.
All of which goes to prove that our broad
est minded men and best thinkers, men whose
hearts are in the right place, and who look
upon farming as the great calling it really is,
still see but one side of it, the producing side.
What is said is good and true, but it goes only
half far enough. The fertility of the lands
must be preserved or there will come a time
when people will get hungry. The most ap
proved system of cultivation must be adopt
ed and the latest improved implements and
machinery employed or farmers will grope in
the shadows of the forgotten years while ev
erybody else is working in the sunlight of
progress. But tw T o bushels of grain or two
bales of cotton are not always worth twite
as much as one. Profitable farming depends
upon profitable marketing, and calls loudly
for attention to the selling side of farming,
the side that until very recent years has been
wholly ignored. While the State and the na
tion are very properly adopting measures to
foster and encourage fanning, the part of
farming upon which the income depends should
not be neglected. Helping farmers to raise
big crops, only to become the spoil of greedy
speculation, is like leading a flock of sheep
into a rich pasture while greedy wolves are
protected in every adjacent thicket, to rush
and prey upon the flock whenever there is a
drop of blood more than is required to sustain
life. The best service government could ren
der the flock is to drive out the wolves, or
at least to extract their fangs.
But farmers are not so helpless as the sheep.
They can protect themselves if they will. Their
blood is their own, and so is their sweat, and
the wolves cannot get it unless it is voluntar
ily surrendered. Co-operation and controlled
marketing make a wall the wolves can neither
crawl through nor climb over. —Up-to-Date
Fanning.
“If Bryan should be defeated,” says the
Memphis Commercial-Appeal, “Folk, John
son, and Gray will have a good chance next
time.” Not necessarily. Bryan may again
think ho has the best chance. —Washington
Post.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.ls
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.6s
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one years2.ls
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
MISSIONARIES WANTED
Go out in the highways and the
by-ways of the country, ye Populists,
and drag ’em in. If at first they won’t
subscribe, try, try again. If they are
still obdurate, stand ’em on their
heads until the money rolls out of
their pockets. Then pick up a dollar
and send it to us for a six months’
subscription to the two Jeffersonians.
They will live to thank you.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
Get your eye on the Athens Busi
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
~ Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
the State. Positions secured. Fill
W||il|«in and mail for 168 page catalog.
Name
Address
a THE DOBSON “X’» RAY. Th'.
Latest Scientific Wonder. HLRE is aa
article boys, that will please you. With
it the clothes and flesh turn transparent
and the bones can be plainly seen. JUST
think of the tap you can have with it. Sample, n strong
box with catalogue and agents prices 10 cents by mail.
MOVING PICTURE MACHINE.
H Showing Scenes of the Great
RUSSIAN-JAPAN WAR.
The scenes are i n colors, and
shows the bombardment of Port
Arthur,Japs landing at P’ng
yang,and many more. The face
oft he machine isßby 12 inches
andisagood practical machine
to give a show with. Price 25cta.
By mai post paid.
Both of these articles for sale by
Wessels & Co., Dept. A, 5619 Mag
nolia ave., St. Louis, Mo.
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City. *
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
▲GENTS WANTED oa liberal terms.
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
sanitarium
treatment of Nervous
rfe J Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
wea a rwttW and other dru £ addictions.
JUfeJULj For particulars, address
WgIWRISB Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
ATLANTA. GA.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN - Thomson, Ga.
j—n SPECIAL OFFER
I. / ON OUR LEADER
H Postal Scales
\ Guaranteed Accurate
or Money Refunded
Mi Capacity 2 Pounds by 1-4
Hi ounces. Made of Brass, beau-
L tifully Nickel-Plated, length 4
ff-z inches. Just the thing to carry
in your pocket.
W PRICES
One - - - $0.85
Two-- - 1.65
Lsk' \ Three - - 2.40
\ VI Four “ - -3.15
\ Y Five - - 3.90
Six - - - 4.65
We Pay Postage on All Scales.
The Ashman Heater Co., New Paris, O.
Gentlemen: —Please send me one of
- Leader Postal Scales, postage pre
paid on trial, if after using them 10 days
they prove to be all right and just the
thing I have been looking for, I will send
you 85c., if not I will return them to you
prepaid, which I understand will not be
over 3 cents.
Signed
Town
R. L. C. No State
POPULIZE ’EM
All who are interested in the suc
cess of the People’s Party in the com
ing National campaign are urged to
help us in spreading Populistic doc
trines. Get everyone you can to sub
scribe to the two Jeffersonians. We
will pay your expenses by allowing
a liberal commission. Write to us.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
interest. THOS. E. WATSON,
Thomson, Ga.