Chauncey Himself Again.
• “Senator Depew is running true to form
again. His step is springy, his eyes
bright, and the ever present smile is
there.
“The great after-dinner speaker, once
in a class by himself, then, owing to un
fortunate cricumstances and ill health,
having shown a reversal of form, is in
shape once more, and back where he be
longs with the thoroughbreds.
“His return to. the list of entertainers
is recognized wherever he goes, and the
calls for ‘Chauncey’ are loud and last
ing.
“Hats off —‘Chauncey is himself
again.’ ”
The above is clipped from the Wash
ington, D. D., Herald, one of our best
daily papers.
The New York World, which is like
wise one of our best daily papers, recent
ly had a lengthy write-up of Chauncey,
and the World, like the Herald, appear
ed to have forgotten all about those in
surance rascalities which were brought
home to “Senator Depew.”
That’s the way of the world. Chauncey
Depew, having access to life-insurance
funds, pocketed a part of them. In fact,
the annual appropriation which he made
in favor of himself, out of said funds,
amounted to SIO,OOO.
The services which Chauncey rendered,
in return for said ten thousand a year,
have never been specified. They appear
to have been imaginary.
The truth would seem to be that
Chauncey stole the money because of
the iorce of example. Everybody else
who could reach these trust funds was
pocketing a part of them, and Chauncey —
being in Rome and a Roman —did what
all the well-regulated Romans were do
ing.
Life-insurance funds are supposed to
be sacred. They are supposed to be set
apart for the use and benefit of the wid
ow and the orphan.
To rob living men, who at least have
the chance to resist or recoup, is bad
enough, heaven knows! but to embezzle
trust funds, dedicated to the use of the
helpless members of the family after the
man of the house has been carried out,
feet foremost, is horrible.
Chauncey was one of those embezzlers,
and for many months a storm of public
indignation beat upon his guilty head.
“Resign 1 RESIGN!” was howled at
him by ten thousands of tongues.
But Chauncey did not resign. Nor did
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
he make restitution. He merely shrank
into retirement until the tempest should
pass.
And now the clouds have rolled by.
The Herald says that “Chauncey is him
self again.”
The World prints his smiling, benig
nant picture, and his “advice to young
men.”
In the energetic language of the Herald,
“HATS OFF.”
HMM
WTry Hrs. Lindenborn Is Leabing
Society.
I had eight years of society, and I
could not stand it any longer.
I drink but very little. Society requires
its votaries to drink very much.
I never gamble. Society requires that
its members gamble. Bridge whist is
the favorite amusement. It was against
my principles.
I got tired of dressing and gossiping
and strutting about and trying to think
myself happy. I wanted something to
do. My mind must be employed. I
had eight years of this sort of thing, and
I was sick and tired of it.
Societv is empty. Both the men and
women who constitute Society with a
big “S” are idle and useless in the
world.—Mrs. David Lindenborn.
The Jeffersonian lifts the hat to Mrs.
Lindenborn. We glory in her spirit and
spunk.
The law of her own nature ordered
her to higher and better things than the
inanities, the dissipations, the debase
ments of High Society, and she obeyed.
The Smart Set, throughout the civil
ized world, is an abomination in the eyes
of God and man. Their lives answer no
divine purpose. Their existence is that
of the ulcer which spreads contamination.
The very fact that we have a Smart Set,
is but the evidence of social disease.
God never made a true man, or a true
woman, who could be happy in idleness —
who could be self-complacent while
shirking every responsibility, every duty.
The human creatures who see nothing
in life excepting drinking, gambling,
dancing, theater-going, sea-side loitering,
automobiling. yachting, champagne sup
pers, monkey dinners, pink teas and bath
robe indecencies are not fit to live.
The glorious aspirations of true men and
women are unknown to them; the r rolden
opportunities that beckon earnest people
onward and upward, to work that is
useful, enduring and great, have no mean
ing to these decadent imbeciles.
1 When we see a Smart Set man, whose
sole aim in life appears to be the ruin
of women; when we see a Smart Set wo
man, whose sole aim in life seems to be
the alluring of men, we can not but re
call the terrible indictment which Juvenal
brought against the rotten aristocracy of
Rome.
Unless we can do away with the class
laws from which these idle-rich have
sprung, our republic will invite some
other Gibbon to lay before future ages
the shameful story of our “Decline and
Fall.”
* *
MR. WATSON’S ADDRESS TO RICHMOND
COUNTY VOTERS IN THE JUNE
4TH PRIMARY.
It is known to every well-informed ci tinea
in the state that on the night of September
the first, 1901, I made a speech in the city
of Atlanta, in the course of which I ridiculed
the fear of negro domination which the dem
ocratic leaders had so often used as a bugaboo
to compel the Southern people to submit to
the political tyranny of Wall Street and East
ern capitalism. In that speech I said in sub
stance: If you really are as much afraid of
negro domination as you say you are, I here
and now propose to you that if you will run
a candidate on the democratic ticket for Gov
ernor of Georgia, and pledge this candidate'to
the disfranchisement of the negro, just as he
has been disfranchised in other Southern
states, I pledge you the support of the Peo
ple’s party for that candidate.
Some months after this speech was deliv
ered, Congressman Hardwick came to my
house and told me that if I was in earnest on
that proposition which I had made on the
night of Sepetmber the first, in Atlanta, ho
thought that the disfranchisement law could
be adopted in Georgia. We discussed the sub
ject fully from that point of view, and we
finally decided on the main planks of the
platform, and we also agreed upon the candi
date who was to make the race. This was
the Honorable Pope Brown.
After the campaign had been under way for
some weeks, and everything was moving
smoothly, I was astonished to read in the pa
pers that Pope Brown had retired and that
Hoke Smith had taken his place. No one had
consulted me on the subject of making any
change, and I felt greatly dissatisfied that a
change had been made. There were certain
good reasons why it was extremely difficult
and distasteful for me to support Hoke Smith.
I wrote to Mr. Hardwick and to John Tem
ple Graves, both of whom were in my confi
dence, and Mr. Hardwick came to see me
about it. He assured me that he had acted
in the utmost -good faith, thinking that it
would all be right with me. He appealed to
me. on account of the principle at stake, to
yield my objection to Hoke Smith, and to
give him my cordial support. After several
weeks of hesitation, during which interval
Hoke Smith had publicly and privately dis
fOontinned on Page Twelve,) •
PAGE NINE