PAGE FOURTEEN
A Man Above Party
Dear Sir: —I have intended a
long time to write you a letter to
express my appreciation of the val
uable services you are rendering your
country. The way you are taking
hold of these great questions is
bound to have a profound influence
with thinking people. I have heard
you criticised as being too pessimis
tic. But when manifest wrongs are
being perpetrated somebody ought
to point them out, and I am sure
you are the right man for the job.
Thousands of good men appreciate
you more than they are willing to
confess, because the time does not
reach far into the past when by
many it was considered a very dis
reputable thing to say a kind word
for Tom Watson. I know this from
experience. In the early nineties I
was such a violent Democrat that I
believed all political wisdom would
perish with the Democratic party.
But I have learned a whole lot.
Didn't I learn, for instance, during
the extra session of Congress that
the lines drawn between Republicans
and Democrats were very indistinct?
Tn the language of the Japanese
school boy, “I require no answer.”
Politics or no politics, I am free
to say that Theodore Roosevelt, in
the main, made the best President
this country has had in my day and
generation. Certain traits and qual
ities in Mr. Roosevelt won my ad
miration. For similar reasons I ad
mire and honor you as a man who
is honest enough to cling to the
truth, brave enough to tell it, and
with the ability to present it in a
most forcible and fascinating way.
Men like you and Roosevelt are
above party. You are valuable as
sets of the nation and deserve a na
tion’s gratitude. Richard 111. never
needed a horse more than the coun
try needs such men. Yes, “a man’s
a man for a’ that,” and you have
demonstrated true manhood in away
that must be admitted by every un
prejudiced mind. When I get the
weekly Jeffersonian any other paper
must take second place until I have
read your editorials. Your master
ful and truthful treatment of the
subject of Foreign Missions, while
not indorsed by all the brethren, has
caused thousands to “sit up and
take notice”. By the way, didn’t the
irrepressible Wu Ting Fang, on leav
ing for home the other day, preach
a real good missionary sermon to us
Christians when he said: “You
Americans worship the almighty dol
lar too much?” As a civilized and
one-third Christian nation we, as
church people, may think we are set
ting a pace for “the heathen Chi
nese”, but we are not fooling all of
them any of the time. The unvar
nished truth is these Chinks have
one of the best countries on the
globe. Its mineral and coal deposits
have never been computed. In ag
ricultural possibilities it can produce
enough food to feed practically one
third of the world’s population. Ar
chitectun*? Why, these slant-eyed
heathen built porcelain shrines and
temples before Columbus set out on
his voyage of discovery. 'The Chi
nese had a fairly good civilization
when our forebears in Northern Eu
rope wore bear skins for clothing and
lived in caves for dwellings. In
statesmanship they may be judged
by the fact that since the time Abra
ham set out from the land of Ur they
have had in some form a stable and
enduring government. They have
kept the Fifth Commandment better
and lasted longer than any nation on
earth. Give Uncle Sam a population
of four hundred million and it is a
question whether he will hold his
job as long and as well. And when
this sleeping lion that Napoleon
talked about has fully aroused itself,
somebody other than the missionary
will have to take him in hand, be
cause the Chinese know that the
Christian nations of Europe, aided
and abetted by certain of Uncle
Sam’s capitalists, are trying to ex
ploit their country and they are go
ing to resent it sooner or later.
Socialism is a proposition that this
country will probably have to grap
ple with some day, and your expose
of this nefarious cult should arouse
the people against its insidious and
dangerous teachings.
I shall look forward with the
keenest interest to your articles on
the Roman Catholic Church, and an
ticipate a fund of information as
well as good live entertainment. I
am fairly well acquainted with the
record of this monstrous engine of
intolerance and iniquity since about
the time Constantine, for political
reasons, made Catholicism the state
Church of Rome, his hands imbrued
in bis own mother’s blood. In fact,
I believe this blood-thirsty old scoun
drel made “a clean shucking” of his
entire family about this time be
cause, possibly, they stood between
him and the throne.
Mr. Watson, I often think of your
visit to and speech at Royston in the
summer of 1908. Come again. May
you live long and write much, so that
I and others may read.
With kind regards and best wishes,
Your friend,
F. B. DOYLE.
Royston, Ga., Dec. 31, 1909.
WHY MEAT IS DEAR.
The statement submitted by Ar
mour & Co. in connection with the
listing of a bond issue of $30,000,000
on the Stock Exchange shows the
packing industry to be even more
profitable than had popularly been
supposed. The company by its own
showing made a gross profit of $lO,-
582,000 for the year on a capital
stock of $20,000,000 and earned a
surplus of $7,127,926, or the equiva
lent of a dividend of 35.6 per cent.
Here is something more than the
potentiality of wealth beyond the
dreams of avarice. It is avarice it
self in the manufacture and sale of
a necessity of life. Armour & Co.
by their own admission have justi
fied the charges of extortion brought
against the Beef Trust.
In the light of this enormous profit
the explanation of the high price of
meat recently made by the Chairman
of the Packers’ Committee requires
modification. That explanation was
in effect that the packer, being
obliged to pay a higher price for
live-stock, passed on the additional
cost to the dealer, who in turn shift
ed it to the consumer. This, how
ever, is not the whole story of the
rise of mess beef from $8.85 a barrel
in 1906 to $13.20 in 1908. For its
full understanding there must be
taken into account the millions in
surplus profits reserved by the pack
ers to convince Wall Street of the
3e[fersoruAfi
safe and* lucrative nature of their
business.
It is the necessity the consumer is
under of paying 35 per cent, profit
and guaranteeing bond issues that
makes meat dear. —New York World.
CHANGED THE PRONOUN.
The old gentleman had prospered
in business, and took his son into
partnership. The young man appre
ciated this move, but in his newly
added dignity became just a little bit
too much inclined to take things into
his own hands. So his father re
solved to remonstrate.
“Look here, young man,” he said,
“let’s have a little less ‘l’ and a little
more ‘We’ in this business. You
must remember that you’re the ju
nior partner.”
A week later the son appeared in
his father’s office looking a little
anxious.
gr $3.00 RAZOR FOR $1.25 =3
razor - we l
L know you
: For this $3.00 wiH keep it
Razor, simply 1 w . ?
write us a .... - We muftjend you
I posts.! end say [_£T IM 5 END > a razor that wiD p?ease you, I
send you on 20 , Td because we send it on approval, it I
i days trial and ii it A 1 does not coil you one cent to try it, I
p j yOU ? i without a doubt, as good as any razor can be made, i
if it * f blade, genuine rubber handle, fineA razor steel, every I
i does not suit you one : s before leaving factory. Guarantee with every razor,
[you will return, Send at once, you will be pleased. Tell your friends oi our razor bargain
I and we will give you a SI.OO hone. We explain allwhen we send you razor.
S: STANDARD DISTRIBUTEE CO., Box os, Mlanta, Ga. |
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Mississippi.
N ardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge or writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron m
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 months $1.50
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 months 1.00
Watson's Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 months 1.00
1
Total $3.50
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
“I say, dad,” he said, “we’ve been
and done it now.”
“Done what?” snapped the pa/rdnt.
“Well —er —we’ve been and mar
ried the typist.”—Tit-Bits.
THE EASIEST WAY—
__ r To Keep
Your Razor
' lnOrilM
b: is to send us
$1.75 for our
Automatic Razor Strop. With this strop you
will always do your own shaving. It will pay
for itself in a few weeks. If you prefer, we
will send you this svi. ’—td one of our $2.00
razors for $2.75. Send today.
RURAL CARRIER EQUIPMENT COMPANY
Atlanta, Georgia