PAGE TEN
ZETTEKS FROM THE PEOPLE
A CARD.
Wipe off the Slate. " '
Union Point, Ga. May 18, 1908.
Editor Jeffersonian:
Fifty-three years ago I was born on an
old red hill in Greene county. Since I became
twenty-one I have been a legal voter. Each
two years I have voted for my choice of can
didates for governor. This time in the June
primary I fail to see that there is any choice
for me to take up to this good hour. As to
Governor Smith, I personally heard him in
Macon, in Fitzgerald and in Greensboro com
mit himself with all the power of his great
eloquence against an early primary, charging
that the ring rule crowd used it as snap judg
ment on the masses. I felt the force of it.
What do I find before his term of office is
fairly begun? The committee with his in
dorsement, as I understand it, ordered a June
the 4th primary, in which he seeks another in
dorsement for a second term.
He must have known and indorsed the rev
olutionary ruling, giving counties with large
cities an unfair, un-demoeratic, and an un
constitutional advantage over the country
counties, but I must stop, for his sins of omis
sion and commission are numerous and great,
and I do not want to vote for him as my gov
ernor. As to Mr. Brown, a nice, pleasant gen
tleman, I suppose; but his candidacy must
be engineered by great private interests and
he is only human, a good card writer (for
which I admire him), but I do not see my
way clearly to vote for him; so I must cut
off the head of my ticket, but I want a gov
ernor and Georgia’s law says that in October
the legal voters of my beloved state shall
elect one, and I roust obey the law or sulk.
We want our Executive Mansion occupied
and the duties of office performed; it would
be a glorious innovation to have the office
seek the man without his making any personal
campaign, for much speaking bewilders a
man.
Georgia wants a clean, conservative, un
trammeled, business administration. To get
it, I for my own motion, without his knowl
edge or consent, but exercising the right of
every Georgian, nominate Col. John C. Hart
of Union Point, Ga., our present attorney gen
eral, not to test his party fealty, but his state
loyalty.
We are not looking for a divine call, but
want a human call. If enough legal Georgia
voters will spend one penny for a postal card,
and write me at Union Point, R. 2, that they
will join me at their several voting precincts
on election day in October in voting for rati
fication of the disfranchisement bill and John
C. Hart for governor, we will save the state
from tricks that are dark and disgusting, and
I will, at my own expense, buy a book and
record each name as a member of the Georgia
Club of untrammeled voters, and may the God
of heaven guide the men, the state, and give
us Tom Watson as President of our nation.
Then goodby to colored route mail agents;
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
this government will be run by the Caucasian
race.
Very truly,
LUTHER H. YOUNG,
Union Point, Ga., May 18, 1908.
Los Angeles, Cal., May 12, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson:
Was very much interested in the communi
cation of “ Subscriber, ” of Lake Providence,
in the Jeffersonian of the 30th of April. He
asks: “Cannot our great statesmen counsel
together and agree on a platform that will ap
peal to the good judgment of all?”
If by the term “great statesmen,” Sub
scriber means the average of political leaders,
we believe they will not do anything of the
kind. We believe that any move toward uni
ty of action in the interest of the people,
must be made by the people themselves. To
“Subscriber” you respond: “This is in the
right spirit, but how is the union to be brought
about?” Our reply would be, by united ac
tion on the part of all those who oppose the
actions of the two old political parties, sub
mitting all minor differences to a referendum
vote of those who will pledge themselves to
abide by the will of the majority, and carry
out the same. We believe this to be hardly
possible during the present campaign. We
believe more educational work will be effect
ed this fall than in any previous campaign.
We believe that the effect of this education
will be to prepare the people for unity of po
litical action, amplified, as it will be, by the
oppression of combined capital, in great cor
porations, and the grafting politicians, by
their usurpation of power, and the open fa
voritism shown by some of the courts by their
rulings in favor of the capitalist and against
the common people, will go a thousand times
farther to convince the mass of the people
that the time has arrived when they must
unite, than all the reformers; that they must
take such action as will insure the election in
1912 of officials of this government who will
be true, who will run the government in the
interest of the people and save the republic.
It will not be too soon to begin the work
by calling a conference of representatives of
the rank and file to assemble, say at Chicago
or Kansas City, as soon after the results of
the election are known as to give time for a
general call to circulate. In the light of these
existing circumstances, it should be compara
tively easy to formulate a plan. We respect
fully submit these views for your considera
tion. »
W. H. EDDY,
J. D. BAILEY.
Bremen, Ga., May 21, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: In Article 9, Section 2, of our
Georgia Constitution it says:
“1. County officers. The county officers
shall be elected by the qualified voters of their
respective counties or districts, and shall hold
their offices for two years,” etc.
It seems to me, according to this section,
that the county school commissioner would be
elected by the qualified voters of said county
instead of by the Board of Education, as now
practiced. It seems to me, also, that the
ordinary’s term should be two years instead
of four, so as to be uniform, although the of
ficer is classed as a judge and his term named.
Why this seeming irregularity in county of
fices?
Please answer in either Jeffersonian.
Respectfully,
D. R. BROCK.
TO THE POPULISTS OF GEORGIA.
After consulting with leading members of
our party throughout this State and knowing
the attempt of certain political manipulators
whose desire is, as they state, “to bury Hon.
Thomas E. Watson,” we think it our duty
to call upon our people and urge them to see
to it that they do not carry out their pur
poses.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson is our presidential
candidate. The principles for which he stands
are not satisfactory to certain elements. His
strong convictions for right do not suit certain
people. Because he has called upon Governor
Smith to make good his promises to the people,
and stated his case so plainly that no intelli
gent man can fail to see his reasons, that
particular crowd of politicians are endeavoring
now, as they say in their own words, to bury
Mr. Watson and populism so deep they will
never be resurrected.
Now, brother Populists, if we believe in the
principles which we have advdcated and for
which we have fought for the last fifteen
years, are we going to sit idly -by and allow’
these politicians to accomplish their purpose?
We do not believe that you will be a party
to this funeral which they want to conduct
and the principal of which they desire to
make our peerless defender of Jeffersonian
Democracy, Honorable Thomas E. Watson.
On July 9 the notification committee of the
National People’s Party Convention will meet
in Atlanta to notify Hon. Thomas E. Watson
of his nomination for President. Mr. Watson
will make his speech of acceptance at this
meeting.
July 9, 1908, will be a memorable day in
this glorious old State, provided the Populists
of Georgia do not allow Mr. Watson and his
followers to be “buried.”
We again call upon the Populists of Geor
gia to rally to our standard bearer. Hold up
his hands. He has given his reasons plainly
why he cannot support the Hon. Hoke Smith
for governor. His reasons are plain, logical
and unanswerable, and we urge Georgia Pop
ulists to assert their manhood and resent the
insult to them and their Presidential Can
didate. 1
J. E. BODENHAMER,
Sec. Populist Ex. Committee of Georgia.
J. J. HOLLOWAY,
Chairman Populist Ex. Committee of Georgia.