PAGE TWELVE
CASUAL COMMENT.
Continued from Page Nine)
wanted to know whether Snyder “believed in
the God of the Jews.” To Snyder’s surprise
these young- women seemed to have the idea
that the God of the Jews was cruel.”
The foregoing incident is simply one indi
cation of the passing away of the spirit of rev
erence. The churches themselves are largely
responsible for the gradual growth of formal
ism and the gradual decay of Christianity.
When Americans see for generations a great
church like Trinity of New York City, act the
heartless landlord, —coining filthy lucre out
of human squalor, suffering and death, —reli-
gion suffers and skepticism flourishes in the
same way that established governmental in
stitutions suffer and socialism grows when we
see the monstrous career of the Steel Trust and
the Standard Oil.
•e
The martinet seems to be on top in our mili
tary circles. One of the West Point cadets
was expelled from the Academy because “he
was seen in a barber shop with his coat off.”
My! It’s a wonder they didn’t courtmartial
and shoot him.
The great and good U. S. Government re
cently tried and convicted Private Louis Lin
ard of petit larceny. The accusation was that
Linard stole a pair of tan shoes from a fellow
soldier. The verdict was that he stole one
shoe. Linard protested his innocence stoutly,
and it is easy to imagine that a mistake had
been made. If he meant to steal, why take
onlv one shoe? And how could he have ex
pected to escape detection when stealing a
pair of shoes from a fellow soldier of the same
post?
To us, it seems incredible that a man would
steal one shoe, of a pair, leaving the other un
stolen.
But the court-martial found Linard guilty,
and he was sentenced to dismissal from the
army, the forfeiture of all his pay and allow
ances, and one year in the penitentiary.
That’s the way thev treat a Private. But
when a gav Major, who had a wife and chil
dren in California, married that beautiful and
elegant girl in Detroit, he was not punished at
all. He had not only committed the felony
of Bigamy, for which several years in the peni
tentiary is the invariable punishment, but he
had swindled and defrauded in money matters,
right and left. The court-martial which sat
on this gay Major’s case softly placed the
criminal on the retired list, on half-pay.
Terrible, wasn’t b?
*
Secretary of the Treasury, Cortelyou, has
been drawing in the deposits which the Gov
ernment has so long maintained in the Na-
The Road to Success
is strewn with lost time and wasted energy. The Bell Tel
ephone will save you both Time and Energy.
It is an economical necessity in the office and home. We
have various classes of service at small cost.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER Z
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
I5!)e
tional banks. These pets now have only $105,-
000,000 of public money to do business on, free
of cost to them. That is the smallest amount
which they have had in many years. During
the panic of 1907, these pets actually had more
than $250,000,000 of your public funds to use
without interest. For the last ten years, the
average sum of your money that these na
tional bank pets have had was not less than
one hundred million dollars, each year.
Governmental robberv has reduced itself to
a science when it compels the borrowing class
to furnish to the lending class the funds which
the lender puts out at usury.
In clerical circles there has been an un
earthly silence concerning that catastrophe in
Switzerland where a church fell in on the wor
shippers and killed or wounded the whole con
gregation.
Had Monte Carlo collapsed and slaughtered
the gamblers; had some great drinking estab
lishment, or some lurid section of the Tender
loin, been earthquaked; or had some poor mad
man been struck dead while blaspheming, and
shaking his fist at the heavens—oh what a
downpour of puipit eloquence we would have
had from clericals of a certain cheap sort!
Christ himself rebuked clericals of this kind
when he referred to those upon/whom the
tower of Siloam fell.
Hereafter, when a shallow clergyman tries to
see “the hand of Providence” in some natural
event or everyday accident, we trust that he
will be restored to sanity and charity by re
calling the Switzerland church which col
lapsed while divine service was in progress.
The Steel Trust cleared $26,000,000 during
the last three months of 1908.
They are growling because it wasn’t more.
How many merchants made any profits last
year? How many farmers? How many pub
lishers ?
Not many. Those who cleared money on
last year’s business were, as a rule, those who
enjoyed Special Privileges. The Trust raked
in profits,—others did not.
Less than a thousand men now own three
fourths of the entire wealth of the Union. No
wonder that millions of our people are perish
ing in hopeless poverty. The big fish are
clearing the pond of the little ones.
The Steel Trust pays its President a salary
of a million dollars a year, and other salaries,
paid to the higher officers are in proportion.
Tn spite of that, however, the stockholders get
$26,000,000 profits in three months.
Where the big hogs monopolize the slop
trough, it’s not a marvel that the little fellows
perish to death. „
* H
The Steel Trust is extensively advertising
the fact that it is distributing upwards of s6ooi-
TWO DIMES
(J To each subscriber (new or renewal) to the Jeffersonian
Magazine or to the Weekly Jeffersonian, we make this
offer: —
UNCLE REMUS’S HOME MAGAZINE one year TEN CENTS
FIVE BEAUTIFUL ROSE BUSHES - - TEN CENTS
(J Send us sl.lO, and you will get the Jeffersonian Mag
azine or the Weekly Jeffersonian for one year, and Uncle
Remus’s Home Magazine for one year. Send us another
dime, and you will get five beautiful rose bushes.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
000 among its employees who have bought
some of the stock. Since the Trust was or
ganized, a few years ago, it has paid out in
dividends and enormous salaries more than a
thousand millions of dollars. Consequently
the six hundred thousand dollars to the em
ployees looks slim enough.
The thing that would be interesting would
be a table of figures showing the relative sums
paid in big salaries, lawyers’ fees, lobby ex
penses, newspaper subsidies, and wages to the
workmen who do the actual labor of the mines
and mills.
Along with this latter item, wfe should like
to know how many thousands of human lives
have been shortened, or destroyed, to pile up
those stupendous profits of the Steel Trust.
Congress refused even to. investigate a case
like this:
Rockefeller’s New York bank hypnotized
Lyman Gage, Secretary of the Treasury, and
induced that honest man to sell the old Cus
tom House, at about one-half its value.
Any monev paid? No. Not a cent. The
bank “entered a credit” on its books for nearly
all the purchase price so that the U. S. Govern
ment had imaginary money in bank to that
amount.
Only,—this supposed money was not to be
checked out. The bank took no deed. There
fore, the title to property remained in the Fed
eral Government. That being so, it was not
subject to taxation.
Now see how the trick worked. New York
tried to collect taxes out of Rockefeller, but
could not. The property was not his. Yet
all the while Rockefeller made the Govern
ment pay rent, for the use of it, because it
was his!
The total amount of the taxes which Rocke
feller dodged in this way was $610,000.
The total amount of the rent which the U.
S. Government paid, for the rent of its own
property, amounted to other hundreds of thou
sands of dollars. The net result was that
Rockefeller made enough in rent and tax ex
emptions TO OVERPAY FOR THE PROP
ERTY.
Did Rockefeller bribe Lyman Gage? Fie!
Fie! NO.
Did the powerful pull of the Standard Oil
interests do anything wrong with Congress
to stave off an investigation?
OF COURSE NOT.
Why, then, was Rockefeller permitted, year
after .year, to collect larg-e rental for valuable
property to which the government held title?
And why did the Government allow him to
keep the purchase money? And why was he
allowed to escape taxation on property which
he rented to the Government?
Ihe Jeffersonian gives it up.