PAGE SIX
OT INTEREST TO WEALTH PRODUCERS
LABOR AND INCOME OF THE FARMER
AGAIN.
It is sometimes said that farmers work eight
hours a day, but work double shift: Eight
hours before noon and eight hours afternoon.
This, of course, is somewhat of a joke, though
in some rare cases it is really done. But I
know, by personal experience and observation,
that the average farmer in this part of the
country, during plow time has his plow really
moving, just about ten hours a day, besides
doing his chores. Being a practical farmer,
and surrounded by other practical farmers, I
know whereof I spead. (This very day,
June 2, I have plowed corn ten hours and am
now writing by lamp light.)
A good way to figure out the net income of
a farmer, in order to compare it with the
wages of other laborers, is to figure up the
total value of all his year’s crops, and then
deduct all expenses such as feed for all of
his livestock, board for himself and all his
help, wear and tear on teams, harness and
implements and a fair interest on his in
vestment.
Once upon a time, about fifteen years ago,
I took pains to make a pretty close estimate
on our business for a year, on the above plan.
At that time, wife and I owned a farm and
outfit worth something over $3,000. We were
in debt for a part of it and were paying seven
per cent on our debts. Hence, I figured our
capital as being worth 7 per cent all through.
We were both younger and stronger then than
now, and were anxious to finish paying for
our home. Hence, we worked very hard. . I
did more work than I would expect any hired
hand to do, and wife did more than she would
require of a hired girl.
I figured my wages by the day and that of
my wife by the week, board for both of us
included. I found, on balancing accounts, that
I had about fifty cents a day and board, for
300 days’ work during the year, while wife
had about $1.50 per week for fifty weeks. (We
did a little visiting or picnicking occasionally.)
The seven per cent on the unincumbered part
of our capital raised the amount to something
near S4OO per year. As we had three small
children to feed, and a family of five to
clothe out of that amount, paying off the
mortgage was rather a slow job. “But we got
there, all the same.” I know that some of our
neighbors were then doing better than we
were, while a whole lot of them were not doing
so well. We were doing general farmnig, and
besides, were selling butter, eggs, chickens,
garden truck and a considerable amount of
fruit. Our total income looked pretty big,
but the net proceeds were small.
The boasted independence of the farmer is,
in reality, a pretty nice thing, but most of us
don’t make much clear money. I long to see
the day when farmers can earn better wages
too. Also, when eight hours per day will be
sufficient. Farm labor ought to be as well
paid as other labor. But, as the farm labor
er usually gets his board and lodging as part
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
pay, his wages are really better than they
seem to be.
We would like for others to figure up on
the above plan and report.—W. D. C. in Un
ion Farmer.
NOTES FROM THE SOUTHERN
RURALIST.
The peach crop is good. All fruit is doing
well this year.
As a result the crop boomer is again abroad
in the land. Here is the place for the “fool
killer” to get in his work. Os all the fool
things frail human beings can do, we know
of none more utterly foolish than for men
who grow crops to indulge in brag estimates
of yields.
The men who do most of this bragging are
naturally so optimistic that they overestimate
They can’t help exaggerating. They brag
about expected yields which are seldom actu
ally harvested. But the brag estimate gets
into the papers and into market gossip. It
is always used to depress prices. The crop
boomer and every producer loses as a result.
If crops are good, thank Heaven for the
blessing, and pray that the crop boomer may
see light before his fool tactics have ruined
prices.
“A merciful man is merciful to his beast.”
We don’t want any other kind of man for a
personal friend, and we wouldn’t care to have
any other kind of man for a subscriber to The
Ruralist except for the hope that we may
possibly change him.
Our mail brings us almost daily evidence
that barbarous cruelties are still practiced
against poor dumb brutes in supposed Chris
tian communities. We still hear of the tails
of cows being .split open to cure “hollow’ tail”
or “tail ail.” We are still told of horns
bored with half-inch holes and filled with
pepper to correct “hollow’ horn.”
We are informed that splitting the tongue
of a cow will prevent self-sucking. Os course
it will. So w’ould cutting the tongue out at
the root, or cutting the tail off just behind
the ears.
We are advised to recommend cutting the
attachment under a horse’s tongue to cure
a stump-sucker. Thank you; we don’t have to.
We want it distinctly understood that most
of the men who practice these inexcusable
cruelties do not intend to be cruel. They
simply don’t know any better.
This is equally true of the Egyptian, who
cuts a steak out of his cow’s flank, and then
turns her loose until he wants another steak.
He doesn’t mean to be cruel. He is simply
doing as his grandfather did before him. He
doesn’t know an ybetter. He is really less to
blame than the American who maims a cow
to prevent self-sucking.
He does not live in a civilized community,
knows nothing of modern ways, never heard
of laws against cruelty to animals; does not
read The Ruralist
This is the busy time of year. Time counts.
Farm work must often be done in a hurry,
rain may be coming, grass may be growing
faster than we can kill it out. Scores of
things may make every hour of daylight
valuable, and every minute wasted in need
less labor a serious handicap.
It is often astonishing how much time is
lost in looking for needed things which are
not where we thought they were or where
they should be.
Have a place for everything, and then see
that" every man, woman or child on the place
who ever uses these things puts them back
in place after use. '
When you need a hammer, hoe, shovel, plow
point, wrench or anything else in a hurry, be
sure you know just where to lay hand on it
in the dark.
You will save worry, prevent idleness of
teams, save crops, save time —and time is
money.
*/
The question is often asked: “How deep
should shallow cultivation be made?”
This depends on several conditions. It is
safe to say that four inches is about as deep
as such cultivation should ever go. If the
land was broken shallow this depth of cultiva
tion is too deeij. Cultivate one-half the depth
of the breaking, if the land was not broken
more than eight inches deep, is a good rule.
The depth of cultivation will depend much
on dryness of the soil.
A CURE FOR PANICS.
By Richard Wolfe.
If we make provision so that the wealth
owner can get money directly from the govern
ment without the intervention of banks, we
release the business world from the interest
charge and, at the same time, insure an ample
volume of money.
The interest charge that the business world
pays the banks is charged up to the consumer,,
and so the people pay it. The whole people
are benefited by giving to land owners the.
power to monetize land values because it will'
take the interest factor out of price, by giving;
us an ample volume of money.
The invention of money has made it pos
sible to enjoy individualism and socialism at
the same time; but a shortage of the money
volume, has made individualism so intense
that many benefits of society are lost to us.
Before the advent of money collective owner
ship prevailed almost to the entire exclusion
of private property. Until money was in
vented private ownership did not prevail to
any great extent, because without money in
which to conserve our wealth in the beginning
of our accumulations we could not have pre
served it. Nor could we have had leisure for
self culture and mental development.
The South Sea islanders are not being
crushed by -Capitalism,” nor is China,
Russia, or India, They are back in develop
ment because they Jack the genius to provide,