PAGE TWELVE
Baptists, What Do You Think
of This?
(concluded from page nine)
enough to buy space for a Coca-Cola ad. in
either of the two Jeffersonians.
At every stage in the Prohibition advance,
I have been found on the firing line. In the
Legislative battle of 1882-3, the leader of the
Temperance forces selected me to make the
closing argument for the Local Option meas
ure, under which the saloons were swept out
of two-thirds of the counties of Georgia.
During all these years, there has never been
a single one of them in which I failed to
give money to the Baptist Church. The sum
total, to the various churches, during the in
terval between my coming of age and the
present time, would run into thousands.
Pray forgive me for all this apparent ego
tism; it is a necessary prelude to my telling
you something about the Baptist paper, The
Christian Index.
For several months this denominational or
gan has been publishing articles which as
sailed my position on Foreign Missions. In
those articles, my true attitude has not been
explained. Neither my facts nor my argu
ments have been placed in the right light.
A lady friend of mine, Miss Leonora Shep
perd, of Washington county, Georgia, wrote
a brief letter in which she stated my position
fairly. She requested The Christian Index
to publish what she had written. Messrs. Bell
and Graham, managers and editors of the
Index, curtly declined to do so.
Allowing some weeks to elapse, I forward
ed to these gentlemen a copy of the answer
which had been given by me to the '‘'Father
of a lady missionary''.
(You read it. perhaps,—it was in the week
ly Jeffersonian.)
In this answer to the father of one of the
lady missionaries, I set forth my reasons for
censuring the subsidy system — a system
which the Baptist missionary, Rev. Dr. T. P.
Cranford, bitterly condemned, AFTER HE
HAD SEEN IT TRIED FOR FIFTY
YEARS IN CHINA.
AGENTS’ CASH PRIZE CONTEST.
The winners of the cash prize con
test which closed on the fifteenth
are:
J. A. Smith, Lawrenceville, Ga..slo
T. L. Dixon, Gibson, Ga $ 5
Twenty-two of our Georgia agents
were close on the heels of these gen
tlemen, and a few others in Ala
bama, Arkansas and Texas were
right behind them, but they main
tained their lead and won out.
The next contest runs to the close
of the year, and we expect some
lively competition among our agents.
In addition to the cash prizes, we
will give a Christmas present to each
agent who makes over 100 points.
Don’t forget—you make your regu
lar commission on each subscription;
you may make $5 or $lO more; and
you will get a pleasant little surprise
in the way of a Christmas present.
Send for receipts, blanks, sam
ples, etc., to the Circulation Depart
ment, Thomson, Ga.
WANTS THE BOYS TO READ THE
SOCIALISM EDITORIALS.
Dear Sir: —Inclosed find sl, for
which please send the Jeffersonian
Magazine for one year to the R. R.
Department of the Y. M. C. A., At
lanta, Ga. Begin with October num
ber. I want the boys to get the ben
efit of your articles on Socialism. I
wish that I was able to put your pa
pers in the home of every railroad
man in the land, but not being able
to do so, hope to reach a large num
ber of the reading class in this way.
In a polite note, I requested Messrs. Bell
and Graham to allow me space for that one
article. Although they had published quite a
large number of attempts to break me down
(on this'question), I asked no more than that
they let me be heard once.
To iny utter astonishment, THEY RE
FUSE ME ANY HEARING AT ALL.
My friends, have you not seen me give
space to “the other side”? In the Magazine
and in the paper, you have found letters and
lengthy articles defending the subsidy sys
tem.
In the monthly Jeffersonian, Miss Janet
Hay Houston had a fair hearing. She can
get another one, if she wants it. So can any
other defender of the present indefensible
system.
They began to claim that the article offered
by President McLean was refused, because it
demolished me. To demonstrate the con
trary, the President’s long, dull, commonplace
article was promptly published. It did not
demolish anything, excepting a considerable
amount of space which might have been used
to better advantage.
McLean’s “piece” was so prosy that it did
not even jar the kitten off the hearth-rug.
Now, since I have dealt so fairly with the
champions of the anti-apostolic methods, is it
not astonishing that they refuse to recipro
cate ?
I do not set myself up as a model man, a
perfect Christian, a paragon of civic virtue, —
yet they have adopted a tone and manner
toward me that I would be ashamed to copy.
They indulge in personal abuse and malig
nant misrepresentation; they permit all sorts
of attacks to be made on me, in their papers;
and they then refuse me the privilege of de
fending myself.
Reader, can you approve of that kind of
thing? You would not condemn the meanest
negro, without a hearing, would you?
If you were publishing a paper, and had
allowed some one to attack me, would you
deny me a hearing in self-defence?
That any gentleman could do such a thing,
is incredible.
With best regards for yourself and
the success of your publications, I am
Yours truly,
G. E. FLORENCE,
Engineer Georgia R. R.
Conyers, Ga.
Ed. Note: If possible, we will try
to supply a few copies of the October
Magazine, but the issue is practically
exhausted, and has been since the
first of publication. Like the For
eign Mission serial, Mr. Watson will
doubtless find it necessary to have
the Socialism editorials reprinted in
book form.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY THE
BROOKS COUNTY UNION.
Whereas, we believe the Farmers’
Union should keep clear of all en
tangling alliances, and
Whereas, we believe we are drift
ing into such alliances by admitting
to our conventions fraternal dele
gates from organizations which we
believe are not in sympathhy with the
reforms for which we are fighting;
and, by electing delegates to attend
their conventions; and especially do
we think it inconsistent in our Na
tional Convention to elect a member
of the Typographical Union to rep
resent us at an international labor
convention which will not seat an
actual farmer. Therefore be it
Resolved, That we, as a county
Union, ask our State and national
officers to use their influence in hav
ing our conventions discontinue such
practice.
Done in regular session this No
vember 5 th, 1909.
W. M. LEWIS, Secretary.
When writing to advertisers please
mention The Jeffersonian.
Jeffersonian
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
Aw-dpS TOM WATSON
editor of Hf a ‘
WEIMtNE JEFFERSONIANS EgKj
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
I PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
That a Christian should do it, is proof of
the extent to which intolerance, bigotry and
fanaticism can carry a human being.
BAPTISTS! WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THE CONDUCT OF MESSRS. BELL
AND GRAHAM?
Don't you think that there must be some
thing rotten in Denmark, WHEN THEY
DARE NOT LET ME LAY THE FACTS
BEFORE THEIR READERS?
Write to these gentlemen. Tell them wheth
er or not you believe in a fair fight.
Tell them that their amazing unfairness in
refusing me a hearing is going to do them
more damage than it will do me.
TELL THEM WHETHER OR NOT
THE BAPTISTS OF THE COUNTRY IN
DORSE THAT SORT OF TREATMENT
OF A LIFELONG BAPTIST.
® ® ®
At Heart, He Is a Corporation
Man
In 1910, “if I live and nothin’ happens”,
I’m going to tell you a whole lot of things
about the Catholic Church that you don’t
know.
Just wait until I finish off the series of
studies of Socialism; then the guns will play
on Roman Catholicism awhile. That diaboli
cal superstition has become insolently aggres
sive in these United States, and it is high
time the foul and bloody record of Papa’s
hierarchy were being exposed. My historical
explorations have familiarized me with this
fearful record, and you shall be put in pos
session of the damning facts.
After that is done, I shall devote my labors
to a history of the South and West.
We have no history of this country, —not
one. We have glorifications of New Eng
land, and libels on the South, and books
which studiously ignore the West.
I mean to write the splendid story of the
South and the West, —and it ought to be
more interesting than any novel, for the facts
themselves are thrillingly dramatic.