PAGE SIX
M , M
y Jeffersonian Premiums y
m „. S 3
92 HOW TO GET UP A. CLUB our premiums kW
rH * w w Every article offered is the best that \T)
|«S can be procured for the money. It is
Q 4 Get the people interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on Ljg
M an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the PH
(SS thev have read it thev will know to- If preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them SM|
uj hemselves that it'is the best Xer m to you to distribute personally. Person- for the least number of subscriptions that M
w themselves that it is the oust papei ,n a] persjstent solic ltation is the great »« can. Sl3
Cfj rsr C u- U .1 . secret of success. “It's dogged as does RENEWALS LO
Write down the names and addresses - t „ Renewals count the same as new sub- pal
QJ of your friends who are not already sub- Send your names in at any time—even scribers. LD
scribers, and send them to us. We will if you have only O ne—and state what SUBSCRIPTION RATES FfJ
send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; oVj
Qj name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and w r hen you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year. <Xj
call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions
{jF) sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year. MJ
Qi 03
Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, ihe world and its people—a premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, /IS
II or 10 Weekly Subscriptions sl ° book j 3 pas ® a ° f llhlstrated text « 65 or 3 Weekly Subscriptions DL
ZM * v pages of maps, 750 half-tones from rare 7 F
V T EB f S L ER , S DICTIONARY photographs. Bound in silk cloth. DIXIE COOK 800K —This is a twen- |T
ffl ' SHELF CLOCK-With ““XSu o“ g
2,000 pages, with several thousand illus- weights, beautiful and leliable. bo ] d affairs. yfh
Vl trations, tables, colored plates and en- MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- a i i- a r> ™ m ak,« «*« CL
HA gravings. It is at once a dictionary and thedral glass. Retail price sls. hpm.m J h FAR , MING , AN ° gar : SRS
33 an encyclopedia. DEN NG-In these days, when “rule of
o - • as thumb” has given way to scientific work, ■aSI
ffi OLD mission pendulum clock- Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, we an have much to leam. This is a CD
J®} Eight-day movement, cathedral gong The or 5 Weekly Subscriptions modern, up-to-date book. The retail price 9K
IQ case and dial are of solid oak, with brass BREAKFAST SET—Thirty-one pieces. of it is $3 LA
85 figures, hands and pendulum bulb. A Very handsome. EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don't
M guarantee by the manufacturers insures red LETTER STUDENT’S BIBLE- wait for barber but shave
An? its absolute reliability as a time-piece. Flexible leather covers red under eold 1 v b sii aje yourself.
JU Its rich artistic beauty will enhance the edges . conta ins 16 pictures of the Holy y ° UrSe f Sj
’Q decorative effect of any home. Land, 12 maps, and helps for the study * . . fT
DINNER SET—Forty-seven pieces. of the Bible. The words of Christ are ~ O*-D FASHIONED RAZOR This is for JjijS
Jj These are genuine, high-grade, expensive printed in bold red type. the good, old fashioned folks. It is a [A
85 dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK handsome $3 razor made of the best ££
French decorations and gold edges. Each —A beautiful ornament and a reliable E ngll sh mounted ln a carved white LA
JJ piece is full size for everyday use. You time-piece. decorations ML
SRJ will be surprised and pleased when you A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE nuK aecorauons - fegM
JO see the set. BIBLE —Magnificently bound. CHINA CAKE -SET—Seven pieces, CV
THE MONARCH ATLAS OF THE DAISY TRAVELING CLOCK—In Mo- FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe- SR
WORLD —Retail price SB. rocco case. ty clip, 14-karat gold. Uh
NEXT WEEK we will tell you all about the sewing machine and buggy that we will offer as premiums, beginning September 3. «
JUST FOR FUN.
By John J. Ottinger, in Wasington Post.
In Michigan, alone, bathing and boating this
season have already claimed 126 victims. The
Michiganders don't seem to take to the water
like ducks.
Possibly Minister Wu has determined to live
200 years in order to read that Chinese his
tory about to be issued in 462 volumes. Or
is it 642 volumes'?
Even the new; that the telephone rate from
Paris to London has been cut in two is not
likely to pacify the party who has been grum
bling about the price of porterhouse steak.
Tn one Kansas county which holds 257 reg
istered voters 57 candidates are appealing
for the votes of their fellow citizens. If the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
other Kansas counties are doing half as well,
it is no wonder that the State is short of
farmhands.
it man bestowed his blessing on the Kansas
City union depot the other day and was im
mediately hustled off to the insane asylum.
His actions were so different from those of
other travelers.
Upon the announcement of the birth of his
thirteenth child, a Braddock, Pa., man
jumped into the Monongahela River and was
drowned. The superstitious man was probably
hoping that by the arrival of twins he would
dodge the unlucky number.
SURE TESTIMONY.
First Magazine Editor—“l believe my
youngster is cut out for an editor,”
Second Editor—Why so?”
First Editor — 1 ‘ Everything he gets his
hands on he runs and throws into the waste
basket. ’ ’ —Lippincott’s.
STATESMANSHIP.
Statesmen were discussing the Constitution.
“You don’t even know who wrote it,”
sneered one.
“And I don’t care,” responded the other.
“My mission is to inform people what the
author, whoever he was, meant by it.” —Phila-
delphia Ledger.
MUST HAVE WED NOBLEMEN.
“I hear that Jones’ four daughters are mar
ried. ’ ’
“Is that so? I suppose, he’s glad he’s got
them off his hands.”
“Not exactly. He now has to keep the four
husbands on their feet,” —Brooklyn Life.