PAGE SIX
EARNERS’ UNION DEPARTKENT
STOCK SENSE.
The British Isles have almost half- as many
sheep as the entire United States.
Horses may be fed too soon after working
and worked too soon after feeding.
To sell the good breeders is like letting go
the goose that lays the golden eggs.
The backboard is named for Dr. Buck, who
used it ’way back in transporting goods.
It is quite common for the anxious man to
derange the digestion of his cattle by over
feeding.
A colt should never be teased. He -will
probably form the habit of biting and snap
ping, and will indulge in it when it is very
annoying for him to do so.
The Ontario Station says that hogs which
do not have much range crave mineral food.
They should have charcoal, mortar, soft coal,
rotten wood, ashes, etc.
Successful swine breeders keep plenty of
ashes and charcoal within easy reach of their
hogs. They furnish lime for the bones and
alkali for the digestion.
The Missouri Experiment Station found the
best results were secured by feeding pigs a
ration of one part oil meal and five parts
corn meal.
A prominent breeder of Morgan horses says
that the breeding of horses has never been
more profitable than for the past few years.
The demand has been better and the prices
higher.
Probably the best type of a farm horse is
the medium-sized, -well-built, hardy animal,
weighing not less than 1,000, and probably not
more than 1,400 to 1,000 pounds. He should
be active, vigorous; a fast walker, with plen
ty of intelligence and endurance.
One of the most important habits to be
taught to a colt is to stand when tied. When
young it should be securely fastened, so that
it would be impossible for it to break loose.
.After a few fruitless efforts it will never try
any more. —Texas Farmer.
GROWING POTATOES.
The editor has often wondered why more
potatoes are not grown in the small grain
belt. To maintain the productiveness of the
soil, it is necessary to grow a cultivated crop
in rotation with the small grain and no other
crop where corn can not be grown enters into
a rotation with small grain any better than po
tatoes. After the seed is in the ground, the
potato is no harder to tend than corn. It ma
tures earlier and usually shows a larger return
than any other cultivated crop.
Cultivation of this crop, like cucumbers,
should begin before the seed is planted. The
principal cause of failure, if the late varieties
are grown, is that the seed is generally planted
too soon. Os course, in sections where late
blight is present, it is important to plant
early so the tubers will be nearly matured be
fore the attack comes. Disk the ground twice
before the seed is planted. The first disking
should be done about a week before the time
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of planting, just before planting, disk again
and harrow as many times as necessary to
pulverize every clod. Then mark off the
ground and plant the seed, covering them by
filling the furrow about half full of mellow
dirt.
In a week make the first cultivation, whether
the plants are up or not. The first one or two
cultivations may be made with a harrow if the
potato rows are deep enough so the harrow
will not cut into the hill. In driving across
the field, care should be exercised to prevent
the horses from getting into the rows and
tramping out the tender shoot which may
just be appearing, or so packing the ground
as to make it difficult for the shoots to come
through. Some advise harrowing the potatoes,
allowing the teeth of the harrow to cut into
the rows. But this is certainly a very bad
practice. If the harrow teeth will kill the
weeds they will certainly kill the potatoes. If
the jrows themselves are a few inches lower
than the space between them, the harrow -will
cut out all the weeds in the middles and roll
enough mellow dirt into the rows to cover up
weeds without obstructing the potato shoots
from coming through the ground. As soon as
the plants are an inch or more above the
ground, the small shovel cultivator may be
used to fill in the rows. Each cultivation
should cause enough dirt to fall in the furrow
to cover up all the -weeds without entirely cov
ering the potato plant. The plant may be par
tially covered, but it will soon push its way
out.
After the plants are two or three inches
above the level of the ground, the throwing of
dirt to the plants should cease and the cultiva
tions which follow may be only to conserve
moisture, llie writer is not much of a be
liever in ridging the ground for potatoes. Aft
er the ground is once ridged, it will be almost
impossible to cover up any weeds in the rows,
and a narrow ridge of dirt is made which is
easily dried out and upon which it is impossi
ble to make a dirt mulch to prevent the loss
of moisture by evaporation.—Farmers’ Advo
cate.
THE SAFE AND SOUND SYSTEM.
Dear Jeffersonian: Suppose I would en
gage 10.000 bushels of wheat and then get
congress to destroy a great part of the wheat
of the country in order to raise the price of
the wheat due me, would that be a sound,
honest system, and would I be a respectable
gentleman, or a scoundrel? The plutocrats
have often got the government to engage to
them hundreds of millions of dollars, and took
government bonds for the same, then, through
procured legislation, destroyed many millions
of dollars in order to increase the value of the
dollars owed to them. What better are they
and their tools than anarchists, and yet whom
do we elect to our best offices, and whom do
we uphold as our most honored, most respect
able citizens?
If you would borrow SIOO and give your
note for it with interest at 2 per cent, then
hand the money back to the lender at 1-2 of
one per cent interest, would you be acting like
a sensible man, or like a fool? That is just
what our government is doing by the bankers
(and exempting them from taxation in the
bargain), but these favors are not extended to
any but bankers.
If our people were starving, and our govern
ment had a billion of bushels of grain, and
the grain trusts would hinder the government
from supplying the people upon the theory
that the grain business must be left to them,
and a single infringement by the government
would make a precedent that would be intol
erable to such trusts, should we let such ty
rants have their own way?
There is now a money famine, and although
the courts have settled it that the government
can issue greenbacks at any time in such quan
tities as are needed, and although greenbacks
are better money than bank paper, from the
fact that they are a legal tender between in
dividuals generally, which bank paper is not;
and although it is no more necessary that
greenbacks should rob the treasury of gold by
their being redeemable in gold than that bank
paper should thus rob the treasury, yet every
proposition from the Plutes for bridging over
the present emergency is some crazy clap
trap of a contrivance by wffiich the gov
ernment must really meet the case and ac
complish the work but give to the bankers
all the profits.
The American people have not only been
treated as idiots, but their true representatives
have been crushed to the earth by the impe
rious hosts of insolvent greed till the voice
of protest was hardly heard in the land. The
goddess of truth by iron hoofs has been beaten
to the earth. The honest system they (the
Plutes) said was theirs —the best system on
earth —the strong system; but now they are
crying out to the erstwhile idiots and anar
chists, save us, save us for God’s sake, save
rs! Don’t draw out your money from the
banks; if you do, it will ruin the country.
NEWTON B. SANDY.
LIFE SKETCH OF HON. J. N. TWITTY.
J. N. Twitty -was born in Jackson county
in the year 1852. With the exception of one
year, his life has been spent in the counties
of Jackson, Gwinnett and Hall.
He was reared on a farm and never missed
helping raise a crop from the time he was
large enough to drop corn till he was old
enough to drop a ballot.
In 1872 his father’s family moved to
Gainesville, where death claimed his mother
and brother.
At twenty he was without money, home, or
education. He had attended school but lit
tle, for the years succeeding the war w 7 ere
not favorable to the boys living in the coun
try who wanted an education. From laying
by time to fodder-pulling time was the only
bit of the year in which he could attend school,