that despised soldier, his son, and his
son’s son.
But that ugly blot was upon the Bryan
record, and he ought to have intuitively
felt that when he, a native of Illinois,
was known to have carried his prejudice
against the Lost Cause so far down into
the era of reconciliation and sectional
peace as 1891, THE TAKING OF THE
FORAKER SIDE OF THE BROWNS
VILLE FIGHT WAS JUST ABOUT
THE MADDEST THING HE COULD
DO.
In his bid for the vote of Capital, Mr.
Bryan deserves to lose that of labor. In
propitiating Conservatism as he does,
he has given the radicals the best of rea
sons for losing confidence. In his bid
for the negro vote he has insulted and
outraged the South. And if the South
does not hotly resent his insolent disre
gard of her feelings and her rights, it
would prove that the South is no more
what she was in her best days, TH Ain
THE CRAFTY TRIMMER OF 1908 IS
THE BRYAN OF 1896.
I shall denounce Mr. Bryan through
out the South. I shall ask the solid
South whether she will continue to be
solid when the candidate of the Demo
cratic Party insults the Southern whites
to win favor with the Northern blacks.
If Mr. Bryan wishes some joint discus
sions, he can get them.
I throw the glove at his feet.
And I dare him to pick it up.
* ife *
"The Mother of Washington.”
Last Meeting With Son.
“Immediately after the organization of the
new government and before going to New York,
the President of the Republic went to see his
mother. ‘The people,’ he said, ‘have elevated
me to the dignity of first magistrate of the
United States, but before commencing the func
tions of my office, I have come to make my
adieus. When the laws of the government re
lease me I will come again to Virginia.’
- “ ‘And thou shalt see me no more,’ inter
rupted ‘My great age and the cruel mal
ady with which I am afflicted announce my ap
proaching death. But go, my dear George, ac
complish the high destiny to which God seems
to have called you. May the grace of heaven
never abandon you. I give you my benedic
tion.’
“The President was profoundly touched, and
with his head resting upon the shoulder of his
mother, her feeble arms surrounding his neck,
he shed tears abundarftly. A million recollec
tions presented themselves to his memory; he
recalled with love the care she had taken of
his youth, and if he thought of the future it
seemed to announce an eternal separation.”
from ancient volume written
doubtless by a relative of the late lament
ed Parson Weems, and published, in de
lightful confidence, bv the iMorth Ameri
can, of ye pious town of Philadelphia.)
Isn’t that sweet?
Did you ever read anything which
tasted better?
But that is not the way to write, when
one is dealing with history.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
There isn’t a bit of truth in that touch
ingly beautiful story about George Wash
ington and his mother —not the least bit.
As the son grew up, he grew away
from his plain, illiterate, unprogressive
mother. Bv associating with Lord Fair
fax and his circle, and bv living with
his half-brother, Augustine, at Mt. Ver
non where people of culture and high so
cial standing were his companions,
George Washington gradually adapted
himself to those manners of the
grand seigneur which distinguished Viim
throughout his career.
His mother was in no way remarkable.
—my grey-eyed friend, mentor and per
petual joy, Arthur Brisbane, to the con
trary notwithstanding.
The mother of George Washington
was self-reliant, independent and thor
ough going, in her simple way, on her
little farm, —-but npt more so than
the average woman of her time. She
lived and dressed in the most primitive
fashion, and when she had ridden her
nag over the fields and seen to it that the
slaves were pushing the work, she would
ride back home, fill her pipe and have a
comfortable smoke.
Just like Andrew Jackson’s wife, you
know.
Her great son did not enter her life,
nor she his. They seldom met, and when
they did, George Washington maintained
the lofty formality of manner which he
had worn so long that it had become nat
ural.
Very late in her life, the old ladv
wanted to leave her lonely farm and go
to Mt. Vernon to spend the remainder of
her days. Washington did not forbid her
to come, but he gave so many reasons
why she should stay away that she
stayed.
One point that he made against her
suggestion was that she would be com
pelled to dress differently, etc., so as to
be presentable to his guests.
The venerable lady felt that she was
too old to be taught manners and dress,
and all that —so she sensibly kept to her
own humble home.
She complained that her son George
was not as considerate of her as he
might be —all of which you can learn jf
you get the right books.
H H
Cab eat Emptor and the Parcels
Post.
By Tom Dolan.
To the busy buyer in town, and the
isolated one in the country, there can be
few things more exasperating than the
antiquated methods of trade which pre
vail in most of our shops and stores.
In the city, there’s the übiquitous shop
per, mostly feminine, who dawdles and
fingers and prices; who ruins fragile
things by frequent and utterly unjustified
examinations; who soils yard after yard
of delicate fabrics by fairly wiping moist
palms all over them; who consumes the
time of the public and imposes pecuniary
loss upon the merchant, all because she
is a possible customer.
In the little towns and villages, it’s the
male offender who damages the store
keeper’s business. The country loafer
likes to line the main street with replicas
of his precious, lanky self; to wind them
around each barber-pole and hitching
post and let them lounge over the coun
ters of such stores as have not furnished
sufficient goods boxes for his accommoda
tion. Any woman or girl who has im
perative need to get any article for her
self, or the house, has to run a gauntlet
of rustic grins, none the less disconcert
ing because “the men don’t mean noth
in’. ”
So it is that if we want a book, a dress
pattern, a toilet article, or any other of
the innumerable adjuncts of civilization,
we must submit to loss of time, temper
and religion, as well as the price per. By
the time we have managed to purchase
a pocket handkerchief, for instance, we
need it to receive our scalding tears over
the loss of all self-respect —and wish it
were a sheet, that its capacity might be
more adequate to the occasion.
For we must wait to be “waited on.”
We must adhere rigidly to our determi
nation to get the woolen socks we came
to get; and which we need; and which
we really dare not go home without hav
ing obtained —or we will find ourselves
emerging, dazedly, after another decade
of waiting for change, bearing with us a
gorgeouslv spotted necktie of the kind
our Church never could sanction.
The frigid aloofness of the metropoli
tan saleslady who does not know what
we want and refuses to find out —the feel
ing of baffled detachment from all human
sympathy and understanding—these are
peculiarlv incident to the large “empo
rium.” While equally pernicious, per
haps, is the too personal interest of Un
cle Abner in the cross-roads store. Ab is
a genial soul, who always knows “what’ll
please the women-folks,” and so it is we
carry home another time the same old
brown calico and pink gingham, which
has clothed them for generations. ~
which thev utterly hate and loathe. How
they despise our weak apology: “He
didn’t have no other kind, honey; an’ —
an’ he sent ye a blue hair ribbon fer the
baby.”
Now, all this is merely the result of
the idea that the buyer must go in per
son to thi shops. “Let him beware” lest
he otherwise be cheated. This concep
tion held sway in the age of barter and
has too long survived that ancient period.
In the countries where “Caveat Emp
tor” is even now necessarily in vogue,
vendor and vendee spend long, delicious
hours and days trying to get the better
of each other, and there is no rescinding
the final bargain. It’s the horse-trade
method of pitting skill against skill, de
ception against deception. “It is naught,
it is naught,” saith the buyer; “but when
he is gone, he rejoiceth.” Mind you, when
he’s gone. For the whole system of “Cav
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE