is that one is more treacherous than the other.
As a rule the Republican party does not
pretend to want to carry into effect what
it terms the radical measures advocated by
the Populists. But the Democratic party has
made such pretension, and does yet. Through
the false promises of the Democratic politi
cians advance along lines of political and in
dustrial reform has been retarded to a much
greater extent than by the open opposition of
the Republican party. Nor can the Democrats
plead the 1 'baby act.” That party has had
its chance, its opportunity. It has had the
President and both branches of Congress at
the same time. It had the opportunity it had
so long prayed for. And what was the re
sult? It permitted Grover Cleveland to pick
it up by the tail and set it down in the back
yard of the Republican party.
The People’s party may have committed
mistakes. It may be guilty of fanaticism and
a little visionary. But the worst *sin it is
guilty of is its dalliance with the rotten, cor
rupt and polluted politicians of the Democratic
party.
The Republican party boasts of its conserv-
OT TO EVLRY&ODY
Samos Island in Anti-Turk Revolt.
Constantinople.—The inhabitants of the Is
land of Samos, a Greek island off the west
coast of Asia Minor, are in revolt against the
Prince of Samos and the Governor of the is
land. Fighting, has been going on at Vathy,
the capital, for the past three days, and there
are numerous victims of the encounters.
The trouble appears to "have arisen in a con
flict between the governor, Kopassiz Effendi,
and the Senate. The Prince of Samos was
seized by the malcontents and beaten. He
made his escape to the palace, which since
has been beleaguered. Reinforcements of
troops sent from Smyrna were driven back
by a fusilade from the shore. The revolting
islanders are being aided by the gendarmerie.
It appears that the telegraph office has been
seized by the rebels, but a dispatch sent from
Smyrna with today’s date declares that the
attack on the palace continues, and that there
has been many casualties.
Many women and children, fleeing from the
Island of Samos, have reached Smyrna. They
represent the situation there to be most crit
ical. It is feared that the Turkish reinforce
ments, now on their way to the island, will
start a general massacre. A proposal that the
Powers dispatch warships to Samos is being
urged. The Principality of Samos exists un
der the guarantee of France, Great Britain
and Russia, and thus comes under their
spheres of influence.
Since 1832 the Island of Samos has been
an autonomous principality, paying an annual
tribute to Turkey. The ruler, styled Prince
of Samos, is nominated by the Sultan and is
a Greek. The island has a general assembly..
It is twenty-seven miles long, and its great
est breadth is ten miles. It is forty-two miles
southwest of Smyrna. The population js
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
atism. And conservatism, from its view
point, means a greater regard for the rights
of property than for the rights of man. For
the interests of the few rather than of the
many. The statutes are full of laws which
bear witness to this statement. Capitalism
has become strongly intrenched under the
protection of the Republican party. There
isn’t the shadow of a hope for reform from
that source.
To assume that the Democratic party is, or
can be, a reform party is a folly and amounts
to nothing short of confusion. Its broken
promises of the past are living monuments of
its present depravity. Any new promises
would only add to its iniquity. Nothing short
of sackcloth and ashes for a thousand year's
would answer as a sufficient badge for re
pentance for its past sins. Having assaulted
the public crib with such voracity as to be
kicked ©ut of power by an indignant people,
it now seeks to restore itself by the commis
sion of every crime in the decalogue. Wher
ever it has the power, and it is necessary in
erder U sustain iiftlf, the nacredneas of the
ballot has been violated and the will of the
50,000, mostly Greeks.
Britain Wants Cuba to Pay for Slain Subject.
Havana.—The British Minister to Cuba, A.
C. Grant Duff, has presented to Governor Ma
goon a request for the direct payment of in
demnity to the family of William Harrington,
a native of Nassau, Bahama Islands, and a
member of the crew of the British turtle fish
ing schooner Experiment. He was killed by a
cannon shot fired by the Cuban revenue cut
ter Ibeja off Cayo Coco, an island off the
north coast of Cuba, last April. The schooner
was found fishing in Cuban waters and was at
tempting to escape when the cutter fired.
Scion of Jap Royalty on a World-round Tour.
Victoria, B. C. —Marquis Nakahiro Ikeda,
fifth son of Prince Neike Togowa, last of the
Shoguns, has arrived here from Japan accom
panied by Tosaka Ihara, director of the Janan
ese Times, and Dr. Kitmura, the family physi
cian, on a trip around the world. He is thir
ty-one years of age and has been adopted into
the family of the Tottorictan, subsequently
marrying the heiress of that family, which
descends from the Emperor Sciwa.
British Fleet to Greet Ours.
Suva, Fiji Islands. —Word has been received
here that the British-Australian squadron will
leave Sydney on July 10 for the Fiji Islands
for the purpose of extending a welcome to the
visiting American fleet.
Twain Likes Lime-Light Too Much.
London. —Miss Clara Clemens, daughter of
Mark Twain, will make her first appearance in
concert here on Saturday, in aid of the schol
arship fund of the Society of American Wom
en in London. “I wouldn’t bring father
along with me,” she said, in answer to queries,
“because he likes the front of the stage so
people thwarted. In one State it steals the
livery of Populism to sustain, itself, while in
another it caters to Wall Street and Wall
Street methods.
The Democratic party of today is nothing
but an incongruous and unmanageable mob
with an abnormal appetite for spoils. Among
its devotees are to be found men of all shades
of political belief from ox-cart conservatism
to double-geared lightning fanaticism. In
its ranks are men who could join any party
on • earth conscientiously and without chang
ing their principles. A catechism that would
embrace the Democratic faith of the past
would resemble a crazy quilt that had been
blown through a Kansas cyclone, steeped in a
Nebraska blizzard, and scorched in hell. If
the Democratic party, as at present organized,
was in power today, .it could not reform a
lousy hen, because its leaders could not agree
upon a remedy. If it has any mission left on
earth it is to show mankind what a conglom
eration of fools, knaves, fanatics and all
round ©ranks can exist without tempting the
mercy of God. or exciting the wrath of the
fool-killer.
well that I fear he’d keep me in the back
ground to the ruination of my career. Os
course, you know, jokes run in our family,”
added Miss Clemens, with one drooping eye.
Mexico Passes Bank Bill.
Mexico City.—The Chamber of Deputies has
passed the Banking bill. In its essential fea
tures the bill regulates the establishment of
new banks, provides for an examination of ex
isting institutions by a representative of the
Finance Department, denies collateral securi
ties, and remedies the existing abuses relative
to long time loans.
Philippine Provinces in Clutch of Cholera.
Manila. —Cholera has apparently taken a se
rious foothold in the province of Pangasinan.
Four cities, including Dagupan, are infected,
and the Bureau of Health is sending addi
tional inspectors, planning to stamp out the
disease. The entire family of the lightkeep
er at Dagupan was infected, and five of its
members died. Their condition was discov
ered through inability to extinguish the light
in the day time. Cholera also is rife in the
province of Capiz, where 231 cases have been
reported since January in Rizal and Zambales.
There is no fear of a general epidemic.
British Discount Rate Drops.
London. —As anticipated, the rate of dis
count of the Bank of England was reduced to
day from 3to 2 1-2 per cent. The authorities
had been maintaining the rate at 3 per cent
owing to the absorption of gold by France and
Germany, but the London monetary position
had become so easy with funds at 1 1-4 per
cent and discounts at 1 1-4 per cent below the
bank rate, that the authorities had little choice
but to give the trade of the counry the benefit
of the lower rate.
PAGE ELEVEN