stead of keeping it in free and constant cir
culation among all the people. In our strug
gles for the precious metal all our nobler
ideals are forgotten and trodden under foot.
We are fast developing a set of money chang
ers who have no thought that does not per
tain to wealth or the acquisition of wealth.
Opulent “avaricious America,” where are
your great poets, philosophers and litterateurs ?
You have made everything subordinate to the
accumulation of riches, and have forgotten
that a man’s wealth consisteth not in the
abundance of the things which he possesseth,
but in what he has achieved in moral, intellec
tual and fraternal advancement. This idol
which the financiers have set up and which
“all America worshippeth,” which has more
victims than Moloch, and more votaries than
Venus, must be overthrown before a rational
financial system can be framed. The universal
superstition that pervades the human mind,
that there is some unusual or supreme virtue
in this dead metal is akin to the worship which
the African savage shows for his amulet. It
is degrading and a challenge to the culture
and civilization of the twentieth century. To
have the prosperity and happiness of the peo
ple of all nations dependent upon the supply
of this metal, to so manipulate it that the
financial disturbances are of constant occur
rence, bringing in their train a long list of
suicides, bankruptcies and general impoverish
ment, is nothing less than criminal.
Abraham Lincoln said on one occasion that
“brave, patriotic men are better than gold.”
but we have reversed the dictum of the mar
tyred President and placed gold above human
ity, above fraternity, virtue, sympathy and
truth. The great emancipation struck the
shackles from four million of slaves and de
clared to the civilized world that that great
wrong should no longer be tolerated in this
country. The greatest President since Lin
coln is now engaged in liberating eighty mil
lions from the extortions of the Trusts, and
while this is being done it will soon be recog
nized that back of these vast industrial com
binations stands the greatest trust of all, viz.,
The National Banking Trust. These great na
tional banks control nearly all the railroads
and large manufacturing plants in the coun
try, and the people must soon decide whether
the control of their industrial and railway
systems shall be vested in the banks or in the
National Government. We are optimistic as
to the result. A new era has dawned. The
spirit of inquiry is abroad. Men are thinking
as they never thought before. They are think
ing of the bountiful crops with which we are
blessed and of our vast resources upon which
we can sustain a population greatly in excess,
of what we have. They wonder why these
things that are produced in such abundance
are so badly needed by a vast majority of
the people, and why they cannot get them.
Why should production and distribution be
so far apart? They will find that without
money people are unable to procure these
things, and that the possession of money is
vital to their well being and to their happi
ness. Money is to the body politic what the
life blood is to the bupjan body, when you in-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
terfere with its circulation and distribution
you invite disaster, and that which is so es
sential to the welfare of all the people should
be controlled exclusively by the government,
and based upon something more plentiful than
gold!
THOMAS JEFFERSON’S ADVICE TO A
GRANDSON.
To the courtesy of Mrs. Susan B. Eppes, of
Tallahassee, Fla., we are indebted for a copy
of some lines of “good counsel” written by
her illustrious ancestor for the benefit of a
favorite grandson.
She says, byway of preface:
“Francis Eppes was the son of Thomas Jef
ferson’s youngest daughter Maria. She died
April 17, 1804, and from that time until Mr.
Jefferson’s death in 1825, Francis was the
object of his tenderest care. In a leather
bound blank book presented by H. B. Trist to
Francis Eppes, June 9, 1820, evidently intend
ed and used as an autograph album, the fol
lowing lines were written by Thomas Jeffer
son; and so far as I can learn they have never
before appeared in print”:
“Pursue the interests of your country, the
interests of your friends, your own interests
also, with the purest integrity, the most chaste
honor. The defect of these virtues can never
be made up by all the other acquirements of
body and mind. Make these then your first
object, give up money, give up fame, give up
science, give up the earth itself and all it
contains, rather than do an immoral act, and
never suppose that in any possible situation,
or under any circumstances, it is best for you
to do a dishonorable tiling, however slightly
so it may appear to you. Whenever you are to do
a thing, though it can never be known but to
yourself, ask yourself how you would act were
all the world looking at you and act accord
ingly. Encourage all your virtuous disposi
tions and exercise them whenever an oppor
tunity arises; being assured that they will
gain strength by exercise, as a limb of the
body does and that exercise will make them
habitual. From the practice of the purest vir
tue, you may be assured you will derive the
most sublime comforts in every moment of
life and in the moment of death. If ever you
find yourself environed with difficulties and
perplexing circumstances, out of which you are
at a loss how to extricate yourself, do what
is right, and be assured that that will extri
cate you the best out of the worst situations.
Though you cannot see, when you take one
step, what will be the next, yet follow truth,
justice, and plain dealing and never fear their
leading you out of the labyrinth, in the easiest
manner possible. The knot which you thought
a Gordian one, will untie itself before you.
Nothing is so mistaken as the supposition that
a person is to extricate himself from a diffi
culty by intrigue, by chicanery, by dissimula
tion, by trimming, by an untruth, by an in
justice. This increases the difficulties ten
fold, and those who pursue these methods get
themselves so involved at length, that they
can turn no way but their infamy becomes
more exposed. THOS, JEFFERSON.
“April 30, 1820.”
GREECE WITHOUT HER GROVES.
The preservation of America’s forests is
no longer a question of sentiment. It has be
come one of the most important demands of
this country’s future upon the living genera
tions of today. No better illustration of what
forest preservation means to a people and a
country can be found upon earth than that
presented by the comparison of modern with
ancient Greece.
Upon the authority of a man who spent
many years in Greece studying the works of
the ancient Greeks and the commercial, indus
trial, and domestic life of the modern sons of
Hellas, it is declared that the appalling dif
ference between the people and the land of
Pericles and the Greece of the twentieth cen
tury is directly due to the destruction of those
mighty forests that once clothed the Grecian
hills with glory and lined the courses of her
long-forgotten rivers.
Out of the songs of her poets and the tales
of her dramatists we read that ancient Greece
was a pleasant land, of great fertility, be
decked with verdure-clad mountains, streams
that gushed forth crystal waters, and valleys
where flowers blossomed like many-hued stars
upon the green meadows. It was a land filled
•with corn and honey; the vine, heavy with its
red and golden fruit, hung upon the hills,
and the fig and the orange and the pome
granate ripened deliciously in the vales or
lent their perfume to the fragrance of the rose
gardens. The forests ran down from the
crests of the mountains to where they bathed
their feet in the blue Aegean; in the shady
groves, by purling waters, the shepherd boys
piped their lays to Pan, or poets mused on the
beauties of the wood nypmhs and philosophers
held solemn converse with the gods or wrested
from Nature her dearest secrets. And the cli
mate was .balmy, the air sweet and soft, laden
with spicy odors from over Smyrna way, or
tender and palpitating with its burden of mois
ture from the vapory, amethystine seas beyond
lonia’s isles. Each day was like a spring day
in Arcady, and the Greeks were of all peoples
the mightiest, the most cultured, and the most
beautiful.
That was ancient Greece. Today the moun
tains stand bare and stony, their ragged sides;
•blasted by wind and sun. The rivers and the
purling brooks have been swallowed up by the
thirsty sands. The groves of Daphne and the
wood of Parnassus are gone, and with them
have gone the vine and the fig and the pome
granate. The orange and the wild rose blos
som no more, and the honey bee seeks for
them in a pleasanter clime, where the sun does
not scorch the young grass nor hot winds and
torrential rains sweep off the sail into the sea.
Even the flora and fauna of the country are
different. For the meadows are bare as the
mountains; no graceful deer spring up from
the bleached and rocky gullies; there is no
tinkle of sheep bells along the water courses,
and no leafy bowers where poets lie in dreamy
reverie. The modern Greek is not a poet. He
is a man of widely different character from
the ancient Greek.
War and rapine have not wrought these dif
(Con tinned on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE SEVEN