PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
R. F. D. Convention.
The State convention of Rural Free De
livery carriers will be held at Albany, Ga.,
July 3 .and 4.
Glenn Signed Prohi. Measure.
Governor Glenn, on June 19, signed the
proclamation for prohibition to go into effect
in North Carolina on the first dav of Januarv.
• •
1909. The ceremonies took place in the exec
utive office and prohibition leaders from all
parts of the state were present. The official
vote announced wa- 113,612 for prohibition
and 69,416 against it. Twenty counties out of
ninety-eight went wet.
Entry A. B. & A. Railroad.
Thousands of people witnessed the entry
of the first passenger train into Atlanta over
the Atlanta. Birmingham and Atlantic Rail
road June 19. Banquet given to honor road.
Wright Succeeds Taft.
Secretary Taft presented his resignation to
the President June 19, to take effect June 30.
It is announced that Luke E. Wright, of Ten
nessee, will be appointed to succeed him.
McLendon Speaks.
At the Alumni luncheon of the Georgia
School of Technology given Thursday, June
18, on the school campus, S. G. McLendon,
chairman of the Railroad Commission, deliv
ered an address.
Hitchcock Balks.
He refuses to manage the campaign for
Taft. Frank 11. Hitchcock, who managed the
preliminary campaign of the "war secretary
at Washington, might have had the chairman
ship, but at the last moment he declined to
permit the use of his name because of the
condition of his health.
Taft Goes East.
Secretary Taft left Cincinnati June 21 to
attend the Yale commencement.
Roosevelt at Oyster Bay.
President Roosevelt left Washington on the
moi ;ing .of June 20 to spend a summer holi
day at Oyster Bay.
Georgia Smashes Peach Crop Record.
New York, June 20. —New York now has
the largest supply of peaches that it has had
in mid-June in ten years, and it has only com
menced to receive its share of the bumper
crop that is ripening in the South. Georgia
has broken its record on all quantity of fruit
and 80 per cent of all shipments are coming
to this city. This week 150 car loads have ar
rived. Not only is the fruit plentiful, but it is
fair in quality and improving. Prices are
far below the normal for this time of the
year. —Atlanta Georgian.
Hydrophobia Treated Free.
The state board of health is now prepared
to give free treatment, according to the Pas
teur method, to any citizen threatened with
hydrophobia.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Any Georgian who may have the misfor
tune to be bitten by a rabid dog or other ani
mal suffering from rabies, may be treated*
without cost by the most approved and en
lightened method known to science.
To correct the vast amount of misinforma
tion that exists in the minds of the public on
this subject. Dr. H. F. Harris has prepared
a statement which appears below.
He treats in a most interesting way the
-ymptoms of an animal suffering with the dis
ease of rabies and shows how it may be de
tected. He also tells how any person who is
bitten may proceed. Here is his prescription:
First. Cauterize the wound, using concen
trated nitric acid or other caustic.
Second. Send for the Pasteur treatment,
addressing Dr. H. F. Harris, state board of
health, state capitol, Atlanta.
Third. Don’t kill the dog unless absolute
ly necessary. If the animal is killed, pack his
head in ice and ship to Dr. Harris.
Hezekiah Terrell, a Dougherty county negro,
is now under treatment of Dr. Harris at the
state laboratory for this disease, the first case
to be so treated.
Taft and Foraker Bury the Hatchet.
Washington, June 19. —-Secretary Taft and
Senator Foraker will bury their personal dif
ferences in the interest of party harmony and
success. They exchanged fairly gushing notes
today. Mutual benefit is the keynote of the
reconciliation. Mr. Taft seeks to carry his
own State of Ohio and Mr. Foraker desires
a re-election to the Senate. It is believed the
first steps have now’ been taken for the
achievement of both purposes.
Politicians in even the primer class realize
that if Mr. Taft insists on the retirement of
Mr. Foraker, Ohio will certainly go Democrat
ic next November. This was more than em
phasized when four delegates from that State
voted for Foraker and against Taft. If an
agreement is made whereby the Taft people
will support Foraker candidates for the leg
islature this autumn all friction will be re
moved. Senator Foraker took the first step in
the direction of ‘‘making up’’ by sending the
following message to Mr. Taft today;
“Although I fear it may be unwelcome and
probably misunderstood, it is nevertheless my
pleasure to avail myself of my privilege to
send you heartiest congratulations and best
wishes for success in November.”
Secretary Taft at once sent this reply: “I
assure you that your kindly note of congrat
ulations o-avp me the greatest'pleasure and I
thank you for it from the bottom of my
heart. 1 have never ceased to remember that
I owe to yon my first substantial start in pub
lic life, and that it came without solicitation.
With ver’- best wishes, believe me, my dear
Senator, W. H. TAFT.”
11. M. Flagler Resigns.
11. M. Flagler leaves the Standard Oil Com
pany. Only a bare announcement of his res-
ignation was made public by the directors at
the close of their meeting. In feeble health,
he gives up control of $600,000,000 of the
trust’s resources.
Williams Resigns as Minority Leader.
John Sharp Williams, minority leader in the
House of Representatives, has resigned that
position. He makes public this act in a letter
addressed to Congiessman Clayton, of Al
abama. One would infer from the letter that
Mr. Williams really is self-sacrificing, for he
says he gives way that the newly chosen
leader may have the experience of a short ses
sion before another Congress is seated, inti
mating that there is a possibility of a Demo
crat being made speaker a year from Decem
ber next. That being true, the successor on
the floor to Williams naturally enough would
be the logical candidate for Mr. Cannon's
seat.
Mr. Williams has been in public life a great
many years; in Congress for seven terms. In
1911 he takes his seat as a Senator from
Mississippi, to succeed the Hon. Hernando De
Soto Money. During his period of activity,
at Washington he always has been on the side
of vested interests, has allied himself with
Democrats who burden their conversation with
reference to the constitution, and then when
it comes to apply it, forget that there ever
was such an instrument. Essaying to be a
friend of the cotton planter, whose profits
of the field have always gone to railroads, he
has constantly been found voting as the lat
ter corporations have directed.
An enemy of Grover Cleveland he has
stumped districts in his behalf; the alleged
foe of Mr. Cannon, he is his sincerest friend,
his subtlest apologist. The two have gone
hand in hand in a combined effort to defeat
the will of the people, to destroy the last
vestige of Democracy.
It is well for the Democratic party, and it
is a blessing for the country, that Mr. Wil
liams abdicates the office of minority leader.
Professing to be a student of Jefferson, he has
been ruled by the doctrines of Hamilton-; bla
tantly claiming to be a follower of Jackson,
he has been overwhelmed by such vacillating
tendencies that would have been rebuked by
“Old Hickory”; quoting often from Tilden,
he has never applied a single rule of Democ
racy as laid down by the former Sage of
Gramercy Park.
In New York he associates with “Billy”
Sheehan, in Chicago with Roger Sullivan, in
Pennsylvania with “Jim” Guffey, in Washing
ton with “Joe” Cannon, in the West with
Bryan, in the South with Bailey. No more
potent factor working for the destruction of
what once was a great, militant political or
ganization has lived in these past ten years
than this same John Sharp Williams. Having
made or materially assisted in making the co
lossal wreck, he turns away and asks others
to attempt to bind the shattered fragments to
gether.—New York American.