to be in Texas. What a branch organization
of twenty thousand members such ?s this is
can do, is shown by this cotton deal. It is
said that a good many cotton ra’sers have
been holding their cotton in their own hands
for the price they set —15 cents a pound.
This price they are to get, it is anb'-i need, di
rect from the foreigners who want their sta
ple.
What has been done in this great cotton
deal if it goes through to* complete fruition,
can be done with many other farm products —
with all other staple products, in fact. Wheat,
corn, oats, and other grain; live stock, hay,
and even poultry, eggs, and butter, can be
advantageously handled, and the range of
values kept within their own control, if the
men who plant, and cultivate, and garner, will
but stand together in good faith for mutual
benefit. To get the best results —to get any
results at all—from such organizations, level
headed judgment and common hard sense must
be used.
The professional and political “farmers”
must be kept out of the organizations, or at
least not be allowed to dominate or control
them. A little carelessness and lack of vig
ilance will open the door of the organizations
to a horde of fellows who belong to the par
asite class, and who always stand ready to
rush in and grab the good results of other peo
ple’s labor at the least opportunity.
They are shrewd fellows, these professional
and political organizers. They are farmers
today, and something else entirely different
tomorrow. In whatever guise they come, they
are a dangerous lot. They will both rule and
ruin if allowed full sway. Especially are
they dangerous to such an organization as a
union of farmers. Keep them out. If the
farmers will rely on themselves in their union,
their organizations are sure winners.—Ex
change.
THE POINT OF VIEW.
Speed on, thou steed of staunchest steel,
Bring friend to friend, join hearts again.
The plowman standing in the field
But looks and says: The Morning Train.
Far more thou art, a living thing,
(I pause and gaze.) A human brain,
I see speed by—the hying wing
Is slow. Art thou the Morning Train ?
What art thou but the hands, the brain;
The brain of men, the busy hands;
The sheaves of thought, the golden grain
Os minds, that forged thy bolt and band?
The genius of a thousand years
Hath tried and failed, and tried again,
And failed, and tried, and, 10, appears
What plowmen call The Moving Train.
Speed on, thou steed of staunchest steel,
Bring friend to friend; tear hearts in twain.
The plowman stands within his field
And thinks thou art The Moving Train.
Speed madly on, thou minds of men,
Today, where winter locks in snow
The frozen earth, speed on, and then —
The next midlands where roses blow 7 ,
Through hill and dale, through fertile plain.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Speed on,.Thou Flying Morning Train.
—C. H. Beasley.
Leesburg, Ga.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
Genuine Russell Big 801 l
Cotton Seed For Sale
At following prices, f. o. b. cars Alexander
City, Ala. 1 bu., $1.50; 10 bu., $1.25; 25 bu.,
or more, SI.OO per bu.
Alexander City, Ala. is the home place of
this wonderful variety of cotton, and I have
the pure stock.
G. F. PARK.
(Original Introducer of Russell Cotton.)
Plant Truitt’s Big 801 l Premium Cotton Seed
for a heavy yield. Endorsed by Hon. Harv'e
Jordan and every other planter who has used
them; SI.OO per bushel; in one hundred
bushel lots or more, 75 cents per bushel. Buy
direct from the originator. Address GEO. W.
TRUITT, LaGrange, Ga.
tar*** -
SAFETY RAZOR
PREMIUM
Send 3 subscribers new or old,
to either one of the Jefferson
ians and get as a premium a
First Class ever ready Safety
Razor.
Send full price of fti.oo
each for weekly and $1.50 for
monthly. This razor is guar
anteed to give you perfect
satisfaction.
Address,
JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
SALESMAN WANTED to represent a firm com
posed of Southern people, selling reliable
goods to Southern people. Only men of good
character and hustling ability need apply. We
have a few good openings for the right men.
Be first in your community; write today.
SOUTHERN SUPPLY 00., 1298-1300 Broad’
way. New York
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for aample copy.
FARM AND RANCH. Dallas. Tax.
SEED CORN
Best of the Prolific Varieties; thorough accli
mated, true to type, bred to grow thick, seed
carefully selected for six years. Best for
Southern plainting. In 1907 made as high as
100 bushels per acre, weighed at shredder.
Prices, $2 per bushel, $1.25 per half bushel.
Special prices on large lots.
SUNNYSIDE FARMS.
W. R. Walker, Prop., Union, S. C.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson's Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odum Clark’s Magazine and W’atson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
The largest school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand and Typewriting in the
state. Positions secured. Fill in and mail for
catalog.
Name
Address
(1) First six numbers Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine bound in cloth makes a most valuable
book for the library and for permanent, con
venient use.
Price, postpaid $2.00.
As a premium it goes to you for a club of 4
new subscribers and $4.00.
There are only 287 of the No. 1 Book.
Beautifully and profusely illustrated and fill
ed with a great variety of the best literature.
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Bargain in Typewriters
Two No. 3 Olivers and one Fay-
Sholes, Nearly new. Great bar
gains.
THE JEFFERSONIAN - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN