stockholders who have lost their money, and
because I will need those books, papers, letters
and telegrams to defend me, in the prosecu
tion and suit which Har vie Jordan threatens,
we will not surrender the evidence to the
Committee which has been appointed TO
WHITEWASH ITS MEMBERS.
Harvie Jordan says, that “The Southern
Cotton Association is intact in every State of
the South”.
Conflicting with this, was his published
announcement, about a year ago. He then
said that it was dead. In fact, it is dead—
utterly defunct, beyond all hope of resurrec
tion.
Jt got its death blow when Clark Howell
and I kept Charlie Barrett from making the
mistake of rehabilitating Harvie by the pro
posed yoke-up-together at the Memphis Con
vention.
In this day of wild-cat companies and gold
brick stocks and bonds, the impartial public
will be slow to blame the editor who takes the
ground, that the chief officer of a Publishing
Company, which failed so disastrously, and
hurt so many innocent stockholders, owes a
full explanation to them and to the country.
Respectfully, Thos. E. Watson.
i
P. S.—The Equity of Redemption vested in
The Cotton Journal Company will be hon
ored by us, whenever the Board of Directors
can settle with us, on the basis of the contract.
We have no desire to take advantage of the
mismanagement which I have only faintly
and partially described. We are in posses
sion because we could not avoid it; and we
shall be glad, on sixty days’ notice, and pay
ment of amount due, to vacate the premises,
find another location, buy a new plant, and
mark the incident “closed”. T. E. W.
Here’s a Religious <Paper Which
You Might Encourage
An Augusta lady wrote me about Mrs. C.
E. Kerr, who publishes, at Decatur, Georgia,
a paper known as The Missionary Helper,
the price being 50 cents a year.
This Augusta lady mentioned that Mrs.
Kerr is a noble character; and that she has
had a long, hard struggle in the doing of her
work.
As she has been opposing the present un
hallowed system of Foreign Missions, I can
see well enough who gave Mrs. Kerr some
hard knocks.
Mrs. Kerr is not one of the latter-day
Wiser-than-Pauls, who virtually declare that
the Apostle to the Gentiles did not under
stand his business.
She is not one of the Sanctimonious Ex
perts who cultivate the gentle art of sepa
rating congregations from their portable
property.
She is not working herself into a state of
mental agony, because “Our dear little Dora”,
in Africa, may have to leave the elegant Or
phanage, and go back to the hut that her
mammy was raised in.
She is not convulsed by anxiety lest the
heathen shall not be trained to ride on sulky
plows and modern mowers.
She doesn’t seem to care a red cent whether
or not Chinese girls are taught to play “Yan
kee Doodle” and the “Kiss Waltz”.
She even appears to be supremely indiffer
ent to the forming of Browning Clubs in the
far East.
(Oh, how shocking!)
Os course, she has found Jordan a hard
road to travel. If she were to go into the
Orient with her out-of-fash ion notions, all
the missionary house-boats and naphtha
launches would probably toot their whistles
at her.
In the meantime, if 7/0 w agree with her, and
want a sane religious paper, give hers a fair
trial.
3effersonian
It Is to Be Hoped that Hobson
Will Have Opposition
Has not Richmond Pearson had sufficient
reward for his bravery in the Spanish War?
He has been kissed by all the pretty girls.
He has been puffed by all the papers. He has
cashed in thousands of dollars lecturing. He
has been kept in Congress for several years.
Isn’t that a plenty for the hero of the Mer
rimac ?
He was not cut out for a Congressman, and
he does not represent his people.
Although his folks were Populists, Rich
mond P. votes with the Flutes.
Few Southern men have made a worse rec
ord. The Steel Trust has no friend more ar
duous and ardent in serving it in and out of
Congress. If it were in his power to do so,
he would, apparently, give the Trust as many
battleships as it wants to build.
And to cap the climax he spoke fervently
in defense of the black brutes who shot up
Brownsville.
Alabama might at least be represented by
men who are not false to their own white
race.
P. S. —Mr. Hobson has introduced into
Congress, u, by request”, a bill to have the
Government construct two automobile high
ways across the United States—one to run
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and the oth
er, from Canada to Mexico.
Ton whose necessaries of life are taxed all
the way from 100 per cent, to 250 per cent.,
are to be taxed to build special roads for the
great touring car automobiles, whose rich
owners are taxed 50 per cent.
The fact that Hobson introduces such a
bill, even by request, proves that he has no
sympathy for the tariff-cursed masses.
Anarchy in Tennessee!
Governor Patterson is simply%n anarchist.
He has brought the State of Tennessee to the
verge of chaos. In the pardon of old Dune
Cooper, the notorious lobbyist of the Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad, he has proven
his contempt of public opinion, his contempt
of law, his contempt of his oath of office, his
contempt of common decency.
Debauched tool of the Driebund which Car
mack’s genius pictured with such power of
pen, Patterson has demonstrated that Car
mack did not lay on his colors thick enough.
Even Carmack did not say that Dune Coop
er was capable of walking up behind an ene
my, and shooting him in the back of the head,
when that enemy, with a cigar in one hand,
was in the act of lifting his hat to a lady with
the other.
Even Carmack did not say that another
member of the infamous Driebund would be
capable of issuing a full pardon to such an
assassin, before the Supreme Court had fin
ished delivering the opinion of affirming the
Jury’s verdict of “Guilty”.
No: even Carmack did not dream that the
Driebund was as black as it is. Even Car
mack did not suspect that a trooper who rode
with General Forrest would be capable of
killing a foe from behind!
Had Colonel Cooper—restraining his son—
called out to Carmack to defend himself; and
then, when the man had turned and drawn,
opened fire upon him, nobody would have
been greatly shocked. Men are fighting ani
mals; always were; and always will be, until
the race turns to rice, soup, milk and vegeta
bles.
But to come up in the rear and, without
once saying, “On guard!” begin to shoot— two
men against one!— is the way the cowardly
assassin fights.
The jury went to the extreme of mercy
when the verdict fell short of the death pen
alty. The sentence of twenty years was. in
this case, equivalent to imprisonment for life;
but Dune Cooper deserved it. The Supreme
Court approved: the whole State of Tennes
see approved; the whole South approved; the
North, East and West approved.
But the Driebund did not approve; and the
Driebund defied the whole world.
WAatf is it but Anarchy, when such as this
is possible? How can we expect the poor and
the ignorant to respect the law, when those in
authority set the vicious example of tram
pling upon it?
Leading a reform movement, the brilliant
young ex-Senator lost his life, at the hands of
a railroad lobbyist. The Law fails to punish
his slayer.
Carmack's blood cries to Heaven, in rain.
FOR THE AVENGER!
Reformers everywhere ! Think well of this
hideous miscarriage of justice. Other leaders
may be assassinated, for the same reasons that
Jed Cooper to murder Carmack.
Tn every such case, you yourselves ought to
be the avenger. FOO ought to sternly and sol
emnly resolve that, to the man or men who
kill your champions, you will mete to them
from the same measure.
Don t leave it to the tricks and delays of
lawyers. Doirj leave it to the fallible jury,
which, with one fixed member, can defeat the
law. Don’t leave it to Supreme Courts, which
are so eager to find technicalities. Don’t leave
it to pardoning governors.
Wherever one of your leaders is struck
down, because of his exposures and lashings
of wrongs and wrong-doers, give to the as
sassin the treatment given to the negro de
tected in the usual crime.
A Fair Sample of How They
Treat Us
Me clip from the Jackson (Mississippi)
Daily News:
“Tom Watson has challenged W. J. Bryan to a
SIO,OOO joint debate on the subject of Foreign
Missions and declares that he can prove that the
people of Georgia need mission workers worse
than the heathens of Africa. The assertion is
doubtless true, and the class of Georgians who
have the most imperative need of missions are
the ignorant, passion-blinded believers in the
doctrines of Tom Watson.”
It might have been more creditable to the
News, if it had simply adhered to the truth.
I offered to donate one thousand dollars to
Home institutions provided Mr. Bryan would
meet me in joint debate on the present un
scriptiiral, unnatural and unpatriotic meth
ods of doing foreign mission work.
I stated that in Georgia, and other States
of this Union, (including Mississippi,) there
was need—urgent need !—of educational
and charitable institutions which we are es
tablishing and maintaining throughout the
Catholic, and so-called Pagan, world.
As to my doctrines, they correspond in all
respects with those outlined in the national
Democratic platforms of ante-bellum days—•
before such Democrats as the editor of the
Jackson ' News became feeble supporters of
Republican policies.
The Reformer is Always Slandered
Dear Sir:—Realizing your willingness to re
spond to matters of importance, I am asking you
a question or two, undertaking to convince some
men of the fact that you are right, and taking such
a great stand for Justice and Right. These are the
charges I met: Mr. Watson sold out our Farm
ers’ Alliance years back; also that he flopped over
to the Republican people during a Presidential
election. In order that I may meet these condi
tions more intelligently, and have facts to sustain
me in my efforts, I beg for space and a reply to
this in your valuable Jeffersonian.
With best wishes, I am your friend and reader,
Surrency, Georgia R. S. CANADY.
ANSWER.
Isn’t it strange that the people who are
neglecting the poor, the sick, the illiterate,
and the irreligious of our own country, to
(continued on page fourteen)
PAGE ELEVEN