Democratic Tariff 'Reform and a 'Rock-
Ribbed Rally.
After much beating of the tom-toms and
grinding of the small editorial hurdy-gurdys,
the Bryanites had a grand rally in Atlanta last
Thursday night. The Constitution claims that
1,200 voters were present. Heavens above!
We Jeffersonians think we’re doing nothing
extra when our grand rallies draw no more
than, four or five thousand.
The orators of the evening at the Bryanite
rally do not seem to have struck oil. Their
speeches were rather tame —excepting, of
course, Hoke’s eloquent discourse on “Tariff
reform.” This light, airy and humorous skit
must have been hugely enjoyed.
To get the full flavor of the joke, though,
you have to know what is the record of Hoke
and his party on that identical subject. If you
know what that record is, you can get lots of
harmless amusement out of Hoke’s ponderous
address.
It had just so happened that from iB6O down
to 1892, the Democratic Party had never had
what they called “a fair chance” to reform the
Government.
If it happened that they had a majority in
the U. S. Senate, the wicked 'Republicans were
found to be in control of the lower House.
Then, again, if the Democrats captured the
House, the wicked Republicans grabbed the
Senate. Even though the Democrats might
elect a President, as in 1884, the wicked Re
publicans held control of Congress.
So the virtuous Democrats came before the
people in 1892 crying with a loud, tearful
voice, “Give us a chance.”
Well, the people gave it to them. The Dem
ocrats captured everything in sight—Presi
dency, House and Senate.
Whereupon, we had a fine illustration of
what the Democratic bosses meant by Tariff
Reform.
Hoke was there, and knows all about it —got
into the Cabinet, you know, upon the endorse
ment of Bishop Henry Turner, colored, and
other eminent fellow-creatures.
Well, sir, when the Democratic bosses got
through reforming the tariff, nearly all of the
articles produced in the South had been placed
on the free list, AND THE TARIFF DUTIES
HAD BEEN PUT HIGHER ON NEARLY
ALL THE ARTICLES THAT SHE BUYS.
After having denounced the McKinley bill
all over the Union, the Democratic bosses
knuckled to the Steel Trust by advancing the
tariff rates on most of its products, and gave
the Sugar Trust a schedule which taxed the
people $50,000,000 per year.
This Democratic Tariff Reform of 1893 re
duced the tax on silks, kid gloves, jewelry,
dressed furs, ostrich feathers, statuary, and
other luxuries; left untouched the duties on
many fine foreign wines, and increased the
price of such prime necessaries as nails, wire,
rivets, screws, steel plates, steel and iron tubes,
castings, pipe, horse-shoes, tacks, crosscut
saws, etc.
The Democratic “Tariff Reform” of 1893
lowered the duties to the extent of $46,000,000
on articles of luxury —silks, broadcloth, fancy
dress goods, Havana tobacco, seal skins,
French brandy, etc. —while it reduced the
duties on necessaries to the extent of S3O, ■>
000,000.
Ttye, Jeffersonian
Now, how did the Democratic bosses pro
pose to raise the $76,000,000 which the gov
ernment would lose on account of these re
ductions ?
Mainly by taking sugar off the free list, and
levying a tariff tax of 1 1-4 cents per pound on
it. To this was added the Income tax which
the Supreme Court declared unconstitutional.
Bryan was a member of the Congress which
gave the country that awful dose of “tariff re
form.”
May the Good Lord spare us another pill
of the same kind.
H H
Trust Magnates on Committees.
The Hon. W. J. Peerless, speaking in Sioux
City, vehemently denounced the wicked Re
publicans because of the fact that Du Pont, of
the Powder trust, and Senator Penrose, of
corporation fame, are members of the Repub
lican Executive Committee.
We glory in the spunk of the Peerless.
At the same time we should like for him to
tell us in what respect his committee is better
than that of the wicked Republicans when
three of its members are Lewis Nixon, of the
Shipbuilders’ Trust; William A. Clark, of the
Copper* Trust, and Moses Wetmore, of the
Tobacco Trust.
If Mr. Bryan’s campaign could be seen in
its true light, by the plain, common people,
there would be a very rude awakening among
the deluded followers of the Peerless One.
Bryan has made terms with the plutocratic
clement of his party, and they are in control
of his campaign. So completely has the Stand
ard Oil crowd gagged him —through Dave
Francis, of Missouri, the same man who did
the business for Bailey—that the valuable
nominee of the Democratic Party did not dare
to say a word against the infamous Grosscup
decision which freed the criminal Trust from
that $29,000,000 fine.
* *. *
The Importunate
Well, sir, here’s another appeal addressed to
“T. E. Watson, editor Jeffersonian, Augusta,
Ga.” —and duly forwarded to that individual
by the diligent postal authorities.
AVc again read with pained surprise the note
of supplication, sent to us by Mr. Bryan’s beg
ging committee. They still want money. They
seem to care very little whom they get it
from, just so they get it.
Think of Major Moses Wetmore, the mil
lionaire of the Tobacco Trust, persistently beg
ging “T. E. Watson” to chip in to the Bryanite
boodle bag!
Think of Norman Mack, lieutenant of the
Wall Street interests, calling upon the Jeffer
sonian for ducats!
And they have the impudence to mark on the
second note the ominous warning, “First re
quest sent-August 15.” So it was, but what of
it? Is there some penalty attached, in case
we do not heed this second request?
We confess that we are getting just the least
bit scared. Major Wetmore, what do you
mean, Suh, by keeping after “T. E. Watson”
in such an importunate way? If you need
boodle to push Bryan’s sham fight, why the
dickens don’t you reach down into the cash
box of the Tobacco Trust and get it?
Why pester the life out of little pne-hoss
editors like “T. E. Watson?” ,
Hearst Losing His Negroes.
Not only is AV. J. Peerless capturing the
Taft negroes, but he is enticing away the
dusky leaders who had promised to support
Hearst’s so-called Independence Conglomera
tion.
Somehow or other, the negroes have all been
made to believe that Bryan is more favorable
to them and their demands than any other can
didate in the field.
If Bryan should be elected, he will owe it
to the negro vote —and what that will mean to
this country it takes no prophet to tell.
We take the clipping which follows from
the N. Y. World:
COLORED LEADER FLOPS.
Cornelius Hughes Secedes to Bryan Because
“Hearst Is An Aristocrat.”
Cornelius A. Hughes, the leader of the col
ored constituency of the Independence League,
has sent in his resignation to the State Execu
tive Committee and has gone over to the
forces. In explaining his defection yes
terday Mr. Hughes said:
“Mr. Flearst’s attitude in the Brownsville
affairs and other matters of great interest to
the colored race has been very non-committal.
Aside from that. I have only one other objec
tion to Mr. Hearst. Candidly speaking, I was
very well treated, in fact, generously treated,
in all my dealings with the Independence
League, but I found that Mr. Hearst, while
posing as a commoner and a friend of the
masses, is a most exclusive aristocrat.
“I also desire to call the attention of intelli
gent colored voters to the present political sit
uation and to get them to thinking. If they
once do start thinking, I am sure that they
will uphold the stand I have taken in this
matter.”
* n *
Don ’t Change Mr. Watson s Hour of
Speaking.
Friends, PLEASE do not change Mr. Wat
son’s advertised hour for speaking, without
consulting him.
len o’clock in the» morning is the proper
time to open a day-time meeting. It is next
to impossible to hold a successful political
meeting in the afternoon. Where we adver
tise a ten o clock a. m. speech, PLEASE make
local arrangements conform.
n n *
At last it has come. The Haw in the diamond.
The speck on the clear pane; the rift within the
lute. After all that has been said and proclaimed
in regard to the Jeffersonian simplicity of “the
great commoner,” we find AV. J. Bryan making a
“roll of honor" of those who contribute SIOO or
more to the democratic campaign fund. No more
for him the dollar dinner. No more thanks to the
laborer who has been wont' to drop his dollar in
the hat. These he has forgotten while feasting his
covetous eyes on the alluring cash of wealthy. The
“common people” are shut out and the man who
liquidates to the tune of a hundred bucks or better
is heralded on a “roll of honor” from one end of
the country to the other. Alas! How have the
mighty fallen!—Mission World, Chillecothe.
* *,
So we read that Billy Bryan has challenged
Taft to debate, and Taft refuses. There is a
much greater man than Taft, or Bryan either,
who has challenged W. J. Bryan to debate. Why
don’t AV. J. Bryan meet Tom Watson, who is,
without doubt, the greatest American in the world
today outside of President Roosevelt himself. Meet
Tom Watson. Mr. Bryan. Here is your chance
to win laurels. The Populist “David of Georgia.”
would slay the “Boastful Goliath of Nebraska” if
he dared to come forth. —The Patriarch Seattle
(Wash.)
PAGE NINE