PAGE SIXTEEN
Mrs. Cora B. Miller
Gives A Fortune
f
&
She Will Give $50,000 Worth of Medicine Absolutely
Free to Aid Suffering Women.
From the Shadow of the Asylum.
Thousands Snatched Back From Cer
tain Insanity by Mrs. Miller's
Mild Home Treatment.
“My mind was tottering. I could stand
the physical suffering no longer. It was be
ginning to affect my mind. My memory
was so weakened that I could hardly re
member one day what had taken place the
day before. My friends would not leave
me alone for a single minute. I could see
the gates of the asylum swinging open, and
then thank Heaven 1 learned of your glori
ous treatment, and now, see, I am well
again.’’
If you are one of the worn out sufferers,
from leucorrhdea or whitish discharges; ul
ceration, displacements or falling of the
womb, profuse, scanty, or painful periods;
uterine or ovarian tumors or growths; pains
in the head, back and bowels, bearing down
feelings, nervousness; creeping feeling up
the spine, melancholy, desire to cry; hot
flashes, weariness, or piles, or any of the
many women’s diseases,
Send the Coupon Now.
Doctors know there is a subtle connec
tion between a woman’s health and her
mind. If the body is sick with the dis
eases peculiar to women, the mind suffers
too. In oh, so many cases it isn’t equal to
the strain and while the body may live for
a time— the mind dies and the body might
as well be dead, too.
Every woman who reads this who is a
sufferer, unable to find relief, should fill iu
the coupon at the bottom of this page and
send it without delay to Mrs. Miller, Ko
komo, Ind., and she will send by mail free
of charge a 50 cent box of her simple home
remedy.
A Million Women Bless Her Name
Grateful Letters From All Over the
World Tell of Wonderful Cures
With Mrs. Miller’s Mild Home
T reatment.
Over a million women have already ac
cepted Mrs. Miller’s generous offer to give
free to every sufferer a regular treatment
of her mild home remedy. From every civ
ilized country come thousands upon thou
sands of kind, grateful letters from ladies
whose hearts overflow with gratitude be
cause this pleasant vegetable remedy has
restored them to old-time health and
strength.
nJrs@ir
Mrs. Francis M. Harris, of Dover, La.,
writes: “I feel like a new woman and can
do my work without having that old, tired
feeling. I am happy to know that I am
u'ell again.” -
“It has relieved me of my constant suf
fering and I have not words to express my
gladness. It was surely a Godsend to me,
and I thank Him that there is such a won
derful medicine on earth for suffering wo
men.” —Mrs. Carrie Bailey, Pickneyville,
Ala.
Mrs Maier’s remed’ is the surest In the
wuiid. ►Mie asks no one to take her word,
but only wants to prove it to any sufferer.
Mail the coupon if you are a sufferer from
any female complaint to Mrs. Cora B. Mil
ler, Kokomo, Ind. Prove for yourself at
Mrs. Miller’s expense that this marvelous
remedy should cure you. Do not delay,
send the coupon now.
Will Be Sent to Every
Woman Who Is Ailing
Send No Money. Just Your Name and Address, If
You Are A Sufferer From Any Woman’s
Disease or Piles.
In the past few years Mrs. Miller has
given $125,000.00 in sending medicine to af
flicted women.
Several years ago Mrs. Miller learned of
a mild and simple preparation that cured
herself and several friends of female weak
ness and piles. She was besieged by so
IL
Mrs. Miller’s Home, Earned in Less Than One Year. From Here and Her
Great Offices She Directs the Distribution of Her Medicine to Those Who
Suffer.
many women needing treatment that she
decided to furnish it to those who might
call for it. She started with only a few
dollars capital, and the remedy, possessing
true and wonderful merit, producing many
cures when doctors and other remedies fail
ed, the demand grew so rapidly she was
several times compelled to seek larger quar
ters. She now occupies one of the city’s
largest office buildings, which she owns,
and almost one hundred lady clerks and
stenographers are required to assist in this
great business.
Some time ago it was announced that
she would give to women who suffered from
female diseases another $10,000.00. worth
of her medicine. She has fulfilled this
promise, but as she is still receiving re
quests from thousands upon thousands of
women from all parts of the world, who
have not yet used her remedy, she has de-
' There Is Some One Near You
Cured By Mrs. Miller.
There is hardly a county, city, town or
village in which there does not reside some
grateful lady who has been relieved after
years of suffering and permanently cured
by Mrs. Miller’s mild home treatment, even
<sufter doctors and physicians failed. No
, j s .tter where you live she can refer you to
’ lies in your own locality who can and
will tell auy sufferer that this marvelous
remedy really cures women.
Only bear this in mind. Her offer will
not last long, for thousands and thousands
of women who are suffering will take ad
vantage of this generous means of getting
cured. So if you are ailing, do not suffer
another day, but send the free coupon to
Mrs. Miller without another day’s delay.
‘Bfee Jeffersonian
cided to give away $50,000.00 more to those
who are suffering and unable to find relief.
Mrs. Miller’s wonderful remedy is espe
cially prepared for the speedy aiid perma
nent cure of leucorrhoea or whitish dis
charges, ulceration, displacements or fall
ing of the womb, profuse, scanty or pain-
ful periods, uterine or ovarian tumors or
growths; also pains in the head, back and
bowels, bearing down feelings, nervousness,
creeping feeling up the spine, melancholy,
desire to cry, hot flashes, weariness and
piles from any cause or no matter of how
long standing.
Every woman sufferer, unable to find re
lief, who will write Mrs. Miller now, with
out delay, will receive by mail free of
charge, a 50-cent box of her simple home
remedy, also her book with explanatory il
lustrations showing why women suffer and
how they can easily cure themselves at
home without the aid of a physician.
All that is necessary is to cut out the
coupon at the bottom of this page, fill in
your name and address and send it to Mrs.
Miller, Kokomo, Ind. The medicine and
book will be sent to you at once. Send
now before the $50,000.00 worth is all gone.
How To Cure Any
Case of Piles
I want to tell you flatly and plainly that
any woman, or man either for that matter,
who suffers from any form of piles, may
place their faith absolutely iu my treat
ment. They won’t be disappointed. It’s in
tended for piles as well as the diseases pe
culiar to womens It heals diseased mem
brane surfaces, no matter where located,
and I verily believe that this remedy has
cured more bad cases of piles of all kinds
than all the so-called “pile cures” and doc
tors in the country. A cure with my rem
edy is speedy, it’s safe and it’s lasting.
The' intense torture, the burning, smarting
and itching stop at once and you feel better
right from the start. Send for my free
treatment at once and see for yourself.
Why Men Desert
Their Wives
Eighty Per Cent of the Wife Deser
tions and Divorce Due to Fe-
male Weakness.
I should have taken better care of my
self, I suppose. I was sick and suffering.
No one but a woman can ever know how I
suffered. I was irritable. I couldn’t be to
my husband the wife that I ought to have
been. He, being a man, couldn’t under
stand. We drifted apart. He sought his
pleasures elsewhere. Finally there was
nothing but the divorce court that could
settle our differences.
That’s the sad story that eight out of
every ten women who have passed through
the ordeal of the divorce court, as well as
the countless thousands of deserted wives
who are not divorced, knows deep down in _
her heart was the real cause of her trouble.
A sick wife, a neglected home and the
publicity and disgrace of the court room to
end it all. There wouldn’t be half as much
talk of the divorce evil in the world if only
every wife and mother would realize her
duty to preserve her health and strength.
No woman has the right to expect her
husband to devote his leisure hours to his
home and her when she is leading a drag
ged-out, hopeless, down-in-the-mouth exist
ence that would discourage the greatest op
timist on earth. .
Mrs. Cora B. Miller’s marvelous home
remedy has done more to prevent divorce
than all the messages to congress and con
ventions in the world. The woman who ir
bright and cheerful and well has a home
that reflects her own good feeling and
discontent finds no place therein. __
Mrs. Miller’s aid and advice is as free to
you as God’s sunshine or the air you
breathe. She wants to prove to you her
common-sense home treatment will cure
you just as surely as it cured her years ago
in her humble cottage.
If you are a sufferer from any female
trouble, no matter what it is, send the cou
pon below to Mrs. Cora B. Miller at once.
Put Your Faith In Mrs. Miller.
My word that my home treatment should
unfailingly relieve you of female diseases
or piles doesn’t necessarily mean anything.
But when my word and medicine is backed
up by over a million ladies, that’s evidence
you cannot doubt. There is hardly a coun
ty or small village in the land that does
not number some poor sufferer cured. I
didn’t force them to use my medicine. They
took it of their own free will and it cured
them. You can put your faith in that sort
of a remedy every time. Just cut out the
coupon, send it today and prove what this
marvelous treatment will do for you.
This Noted Divine Says:
“I am personally acquainted with Mrs.
Cora B. Miller. I most cheerfully and vol
untarily testify that myself and family have
been greatly benefited by the use of Mrs.
Miller’s home remedies and heartily recom
mend them to the general public.”—Rev.
P. G. Roseamp, D.D., Presbyterian Minis
ter.
Do not delay. Send the coupon today.
FREE TREATMENT COUPON.
This Coupon is good for a full sized
regular 50-cent package of Mrs. Miller’s
Mild Home Treatment. Just fill in
your name and address on dotted lines
below and mail at once to Mrs. Cora B.
Miller, 6759 Miller Bldg., Kokomo, Ind.,
and you will receive the remedy in
plain package at once.