The United States—Shall We Say "It”
Or "Them”?
The Hamiltonians are so intent upon having 1
the people forget that the Federal Govern
ment was the voluntary creation of separate,
independent, sovereign States, that they don’t
even wish the United States to be referred to
in the plural. This is a consolidate nation
and must be alluded to in the singular.
Thus, we must not say “the United States
ARE.” We must say “the United States IS.”
To please the Hamiltonians, we are re
quested to forget history, violate grammar,
and bid “farewell’’ to common sense.
Every now and then, we find the editors of
metropolitan periodicals training their
thoughts upon this issue of “singular or
plural,” and laboring, contending, that we must
always allude to the United States as IT.
Our forefathers were not such crazy Hamil
- tonians. In the Constitution itself, the United
States appear in the plural. Not once are they
alluded to as “it.” Every time, they are re
ferred to as “them.”
Thus Treason is defined:
“Treason against the United States shall
consist in levying war against them, or ad
hering to their enemies, &c.”
When the Constitution of 1787 was being
transcribed, nobody could foretell which of the
States of the old Confederation would ratify
it. Any nine could do so, and put the new
Federal Government going. Those States
which failed to ratify would be left where they
were, —separate, sovereign States. Because of
the fact that no' one knew which of the
thirteen States would ratify the new Consti
tution, the Clerk was instructed to omit the
naming of the separate States after the words
in the Preamble—“We, the people of the
United States.”
As first drafted, the Preamble read, “We, the
people of the United States of”—the thirteen
States of the Old Confederation, separately
named, as in the Articles of the Old Confed
eration.
Upon this clerical omission in the final draft
of the Preamble, Mr- Webster built a great
argument which had the force of a constitu
tional amendment.
Inasmuch as The Fathers could not know
beforehand that New York, New Jersey, Vir
ginia, Georgia, &c., would adopt’the new Con
stitution, and therefore did not enumerate the
States that were the adopting States, Mr.
Webster “argued” that the new Federal Gov
ernment sprang directly from “We, the people
of the United States” generally, instead of
from “we the people of the United States” of
New York, New Jersey, Virginia, Georgia and
the other adopting States.
H M
The End of Hinton Helper.
How many of you have heard the name of
Hinton Helper? In a cheap, obscure board
ing place in Washington City, he killed himself
last week; and the newspapers which carried
his suicide, as an item of news, do not appear
to have recognized him as a man who was once
a celebrity.
Yet Hinton Helper’s “Impending Crisis”
was one of the most powerful, effective and
popular attacks that was made against the
Old Order in the South. It ranked as a close
second to Uncle Tom’s Cabin. Where the
novel of Mrs. Stowe inflamed the passions by
appeals to sentiment, Helper’s book aroused
the mind and heart by arrays of solid facts and
reasoning which defied indifference. The
“Impending Crisis” was used as a campaign
document by the Republican party, and its
author shared with Cassius M. Clay and Mon
cure D. Conway the glory of joining the North
in the fight on their native South.
But after the war, results were different
from what the fanatics had anticipated. As
Lord Melbourne said about the actual work’
©be Jeffersonian
ings of a certain law relating to Ireland, “What
the wise men predicted has not materialized,
and what the d—d fools said would happen
has come to pass.”
Cassius M. Clay had to shoot a “free nig
ger,”—to the intense delight of Gen. Toombs,
—and Hinton Helper had to write a book
against the enfranchised blacks. “Nojoque” is
the name of Helper’s anti-negro book and, like
its predecessor, it is crammed full of startling
figures and forcible argument. But it fell flat.
He could not still a single wave of all that
mighty ocean-storm which he had done so
much to arouse.
Lonely, poor, a relic of the past, he slinks
away from a world that has no further con
cern with him, turns on the gas in his wretched
bed-room, ties a towel round his neck, and so
passes into the sleep which cures all the heart
breaks and knits up, forever and forever, the
ravelled sleeve of earthly care.
H * *
Teach and Preach.
A correspondent wishing to set us right, in
the matter of foreign missions, calls our atten
tion to the fact that Jesus commanded his dis
ciples to go and teach. The word which we
had used was preach.
We do not possess any knowledge of He
brew, but we would be much surprised if a
Hebrew scholar should say that the original
words used by Christ are not more accurately
represented by the word preach than by the
word teach.
At all events, it must be clear that Jesus did
not mean to use the word teach in such away
as to be synonymous with educate.
The command was, to expound the Gospel—
to tell the heathen what it was, and to explain
upon what terms salvation was offered to the
lost.
It is the very extravagance of interpreta
tion to say that Christ commanded the elabo
rate educational systems now maintained in
the Orient, with the free hospitals, “missionary
doctor,’ and commissariat for the needy.
n n
Let England Habe Liberia.
Elihu Root urges the Government to take
Liberia in hand and to do for the blacks of
that African colony what we are doing for the
Filipinos.
Doctor- Booker Washington goes further
and contends that we owe it to Liberia to take
care of her.
Liberia, you know, is that sea-coast strip of
the African Continent upon which American
philanthropists ettled the better class of the
free negroes at the beginning of the nineteenth
century. At that time our leading public men,
South as well as North, seemed to have con
fidence in the capacity of the negro for self
government. The experiment of planting the
negro colony was heartily championed by
Henry Clay, who ought to have known better.
Liberia has never been a success and is at
present a comprehensive and pitiful failure.
One of the white missionaries stationed out
there recently wrote to the Secretary of State:
“No words can exaggerate the wretched
condition of Liberia, and it is growing worse.
The deterioration of the race is rapid and the
contrast between conditions in Sierra Leone
and other English colonies in Africa is aston
ishing. The greatest blessing would be that
of becoming a colony of England, which has
been remarkably successful in dealing with
the Africans. Otherwise the people of Liberia
will soon relapse into barbarism.”
The suggestion is made that England take
possession of the colony. She owns the one
adjoining, manages it well, and ought to have
Liberia, if she wants it. Surely, we don’t wish
to have another elephant on our hands. We
already tote the fearful load of the Philippine
islands, and we are acting as Guardian for
Hayti,
The LT. S. Government did not colonize the
negroes in Liberia. Private individuals and
societies did it. The Government is not com
mitted in any way.
Therefore, we think it would be better not
to increase our burdens by assuming responsi
bility for the rotten and demoralized colony.
If England craves Liberia, let her take it.
She can manage it as well as we, and it never
could be anything but a source of expense and
trouble to us.
n n n
Bryan Would Not Sign.
The lady President of the Nebraska W. C.
T. U. requested W. J. B. to put his precious
name to a Petition in which the Legislature
is urged to submit the question of Prohibition
to a vote of the people.
Bryan brusquely refused. The last cam
paign of the Peerless was so closely tied up
to the Whiskey interests that his hands are
not free even now. A chronic candidate who
has to depend on the support of the element
represented by Tom Taggart, Roger Sullivan,
Charles Murphy, Fingy Conners and Charles
Haskell needs to be wary in his dealings with
the W. C. T. U.
H
Gobernor Smith Violates Oath'of Office.
Heretofore we have had occasion to specify
some particulars in which the present Gov
ernor of Georgia has gone contrary to the Con
stitution which he is sworn to protect, pre
serve and defend.
He has been erratically profuse in the mat
ter of pardoning criminals out of the peniten
tiary, but if he has ever obeyed that clause of
the Constitution which requires him to make
an official report of the reasons which moved
him to clemency, we have not heard of it.
He certainly was most negligent in the mat
ter of that illegal deposit of public funds in
the Neal bank and in the failure to have the
State’s interest properly safeguarded. The
generous courts held that the State’s deposit
must be returned before the other 9,000 de
positors could get anything; and thus it hap
pened that the Governor’s negligence in allow
ing the Neal bank to have more of the State’s
money than the law authorizes, seriously in
jured the 9,000 unfavored depositors who are
still waiting for their money.
The appointment of Murphy Candler to be
Railroad Commissioner, during the TERM for
which he was elected to the Legislature, is an
other case in point.
The Constitution is just as plain as can be.
The State’s policy is to prevent members of
the Legislature from using their official posi
tion to secure something better during the
term for which they are elected. Here is a
principle—a great and necessary principle; but
Governor Smith has paid no attention to it.
He has appointed Murphy Candler to a posi
tion which Murphy Candler helped to create.
The office was created and Murphy Candler
appointed to it • during the term for which
Murphy Candler was elected to the Legisla
ture.
How any lawyer can hesitate in pronouncing
this appointment a violation of the Constitu
tion, we cannot see. Murphy Candler’s resig
nation from the Legislature does not remove
the disqualification. An accepted resignation
cannot wipe out the fact that Murphy Candler
has been appointed to another salaried office
during the time FOR WHICH HE WAS
ELECTED. Not the time during which he
SERVED. No, —not that at all. The Consti
tutional disqualification embraces the term for
which he was ELECTED.
Well, he was elected for two years, wasn’t
he?
And Governor Smith appointed him to an
other salaried office during those two years.
How very, very, VERY anxious the Gov
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE