being dealt out to the favorite few, and this
has always been the case with new political
parties, and I abhor the idea of participating
in the birth of a new party, which has in its
first platform less pure Democracy than those
that have preceded it. We have interests in
this country that are diametrically opposed
to each other, and that cannot be harmonized
in one political party; and the Steel Trust is
one of them. Then why make a bid for the
vote of that Corporation’s employes with the
Ship Subsidy plank? Why try to overcome
Hanna’s full dinner pail, by a surrender to
his High Tariff principles? The thing that
ran ship building out of the United States
was tariff on ship building material, and the
way 4 to bring it back is to take the tariff off.
We have the pine, tar, cordage and steel,
and if left unrestricted of course we can
build ships cheaper than any other nation
in the world. We should make our appeal to
the Confederation of Labor, by showing them
that wages are as high or higher in unpro
tected countries, as in protected countries; we
should show them that, ■while their wages
seem reasonable, that it is taxed back from
them through the high tariff commissaries of
the various corporations and trusts, that they
ire compelled to patronize every day of their
lives. Then take the financial plank; right
so far as the Government issuing treasury
notes, green-backs; but why should the people
pass out their own money to themselves
through the bankers and allow them a rake
off of 6 or 8 per cent, for the keeping of the
books? Why not let the Government set a
legal rate of interest and stand ready at all
times, as a competitor in the monev lending
business, at that fixed rate of interest? This
would insure us that at all times the business
of the country could secure the necessary
means to transact their business without be
ing subject to the extortion of a certain class
of men who make a profession of collecting
what money there is in circulation.
“Understand I may own a railroad and not
own a dollar in money; I may own a coal mine
or an iron mine, or farm; it does not neces
sarily follow that I cwn the necessary money
to operate my property. Then why subju
gate me to the grinding, grasping power of the
unscrupulous capitalists, who have made a
specialty of capturing what money there is
in sight or circulation? Why should we del
egate to any set of men the power to say,
that ‘lt is not a matter of security just now;
there is just no money to lend’? Right at
that moment your panic is on.
“The man who borrows money on good se
curity, does * not want the money, what
he wants is the use of it, just as he
wants the use of the railroads; a transport
er, a medium of exchange. He is willing to
pay the interest in the first case just as he is
willing to pay the freight in the second, and
if you should wish to paralyze industry, you
could not better accomplish your purpose by
the tearing away of railway tracks, than you
could by the abrupt stopping of loans. When
it comes to the passing upon the merits of
collateral, why not let the whole people
through their authorized agents, pass upon the
case, whose place of business will be a postal
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
savings bank in the same building with the
postoffice; one to be established in every town
in the whole country. Don’t understand me
to advocate the government going into the
money-lending business till the money hoarder
refuses to do so upon first-class collateral.
Take an individual who has gotten together
a few thousand dollars. The only thing the
Government can guarantee him would be the
rate of interest; not turn him over the job
or trade of lending money without competi
tion. Under the system that I have outlined,
we would have a real ‘flexible volume of mon
ey,’ for it is not supposed that the individ
ual would borrow more money on his abso
lutely good security than he actually needed;
and also that he would pay it back when he is
through with it.
“Hoping you success in the difficulties that
you will have to overcome, and regrettinr ♦hat
on aeeount of those difficulties, I cannot rep
resent this State at Chicago, I remain, yours
true U The Cause, “W. M. EILAND.”
Now, my friend, just- a few words to you
along the line of common sense. While I have
seen a great deal from you upon the issu
ance of money, I don’t remember where you
have ever advocated the Government coming
in competition with the money sharks
in the money lending business. After you
have done away with the national banks, and
repealed the franchise laws that have given
a few men a monopoly on money, they will
still have the power and right to get togeth
er all of your circulating medium that they
can, and together with what they already con
trol, with a concerted withdrawal of it from
circulation, they would very seriously affect
prices. They could do this the same way that
they now form trusts on the various articles
of commerce, by getting control of articles of
general use and regulating supply to demand
at a fixed scale of prices. If the Government
has the right to build and operate a railroad,
it has the same right to issue and lend money;
and when we are moving the wheat and cottor
crops, we need one equally as bad as we need
the other, and a just government would no
more allow the stopping of loans than it would
the stopping of trains.
Hoping to meet you on July 9, I remain,
yours truly, W. M. EILAND.
Great has been the downfall of Theodore
Price, ex-Wall street gambler. He is under
two indictments by the grand jury, one charg
ing conspiracy to commit an offense against
the United States, and the other bribery of a
government official. At a very recent date,
Theodore H. Price was known as the “Cotton
King” of this country for his tremendous
deals in the “fleecy” staple. He was indicted
by the federal grand jury after a long investi
gation and the discovery of a startling leak
of cotton crop statistics contained in a gov
ernment report, which had not been made pub
lic. —Meigs (Meigs, Ga.) Review.
Mr. Bryan says the bosses will not run the
Denver convention. In other words, he serves
notice that he will require no help on the job.
—The Gentry (Gentry, Missouri) Sentinel.
Sleep
Sleep, is nature’s ~ re
building period, when the
energy used by the brain,
muscles and organs is re
newed. If you lose sleep,
your system is robbed of
the strength sleep should
give. Continued loss of
sleep multiplies this loss
until you become a phys
. ical wreck. Dr. Miles’
Nervine quiets the irri
tated nerves and brings
refreshing, invigorating
sleep. Nervine contains
no opiates, and therefor
leaves no bad after-effects.
"For over two years I suffered, un
told agonies; my friends thought I
was going crazy, i could not sleep
nor rest at all. I tried different doc
tors, but failed to find relief. My
head would ache all the time; I was
like one drunk; could not concentrate
my mind, and was so restless and
worried that sleep was out of the
question. After taking one bottle of
Dr. Miles’ Nervine I felt wonderfully
changed. I am now on iny third bot
tle and am gaining all the time. I
can lie down and sleep like a child,
and am able to do my work.”
MRS. MAY SCOTT, English. Ind.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) if It fails
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
Diseases. Opium, Alcoholic
and other drug addictions.
For particulars, address
Woolley Co.
ATLANTA. GA.
Mr. Watson at Atlanta
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July
16th will contain a full report of
Mr. Watson’s Speech at Atlanta on
July 9th.
Single copies, 5 cents. Bundles
of 10 copies, 25 cents. . Send in
your orders for extra copies.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
100 PRINTED ENVELOPES FREE
With your return name and address, if you
send 25 cents for a year’s subscription to
THE RURAL GEORGIAN. The Great Depart
ment Monthly. It should be in every South,
ern home. You will be pleased, or money re
funded. Address: TH P ‘ RURAL GEORGIAN.
Galpesville, Ga.
PAGE ELEVEN