the disease, and even though the attack may
be a mild form of varioloid, it is just as con
tagious as though the disease occurred in its
most virulent form. Consequently, the un
vaccinated individual is no menace to public
health—it is for him to decide whether he
cares to avail himself of the protection af
forded by the vaccination, provided he should
be exposed to and take the disease. He has
many chances to escape the exposure, while,
on the other hand, the vaccination itself is
not without dangers.
Sending around physicians of varying de
grees of surgical cleanliness, and even mere
medical students, reinforced by police, and
forcing everybody to submit to the inocula
tion, is unjustifiable, and, in the case of wom
en and girls, decidedly repugnant. One wom
an—a trained nurse, and intelligent enough
to decide things for herself, even those of
medical nature, —was actually haled into the
police court, like a common criminal, and
virtually forced to leave the State or be vac
cinated. Such a thing is unjustified, an ab
solute violation of individual right and
womanly modesty.
It would possibly be better for every one
to be protected by vaccinaton, and the writer
believes in its beneficial results, broadly
speaking. But the measure, so far as any
mature person is concerned, should be left to
his or her discretion, since it is a personal
protection and not a matter of public protec
tion at all. It does not come at all under the
same theory as does the disposal of garbage,
sewage, of disinfection and general sanita
tion —matters wherein the careless or selfish
or ignorant person should not be allowed to
jeopardize the general health.
OUR ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND CLUB
This is written on the 19th, too
soon after the publication of “A Per
sona! Appeal” to receive replies from
our friends. But we have made a
start, and as fast as the pledges come
in, we will publish the names:
C. F Dodson, Bremen, Ga., pledges
one subscription each week, 52 be
fore the end of 1910.
J. A. Smith, Lawrenceville, Ga.,
pledges four subscriptions each week,
208 before the end of 1910.
A gentleman in Worth county,
who does not wish his name to be
published, promises to send in at
once thirty-three subscriptions. “I
desire to become a missionary,” he
says, “and I shall send you a list
every little while.”
Now, to repeat what I said last
week: I want every one who takes
a sincere interest in the welfare of
the Jeffersonians, both Magazine and
weekly, to write to Mr. Watson, or to
the Jeffersonians, or to me, pledging
themselves to send in, before the end
of 1910, as many subscriptions as
they are reasonably sure they can
get in that time.
Scattered over the United States,
we have many such friends as W. W.
Farabough, of Paris, Ten., who send
us the subscriptions of some of the
most influential citizens in his town,
and adds: ‘‘We will get up other
subscriptions, as I would Tike to see
this publication in every Southern
home.”
H. J. Mullens, of Franklin, Tenn.,
says he will write a “personal letter
to at least fifty of our leading men,
and ask each of them to send m not
less than two yearly subscriptions to
the Jeffersonians at one dollar each.”
To show how widely spread the in
terest is, we might take the record
of one day’s subscriptions: They
Mrs. Ben Tillman, Jr., has been successful
in her legal battle to regain her babies. It
The Mother
Triumphs.
suffering from paralysis and his condition is
still serious, though speech, once thought
lost, has been restored and there are prospects
that he will make a slow recovery.
Charles R. Heike, Sugar Trust secretary,
will have to stand trial some time in March,
/
The Sugar
Trust
Prosecution.
his counsel took the position that, while he
was guilty of criminal conduct, his former
testimony before the Grand Jury rendered
him immune. This plea has been thrown out
of court, and the case must be tried on the
“not guilty” basis by the very counsel who
admitted that he was, a situation which at
once places the case among those wherein
only technical defenses and specious plead
ings can be introduced to save the client
from the penalty provided for admitted vio
lations of the law.
❖ *
That Attorney-General Wickersham is not
more anxious to prosecute the Sugar Trust
than was his “distinguished predecessor”,
Bonaparte, was brought to light in another
“stolen letter” episode early, the sequel to
which was the arrest of the alleged pilferer,'
Thomas P. Reilly, who politely swiped the
epistle in question from the files of Henry A.
came from Georgia, Missouri, Ne
braska, Canada, Panama, Cuba, Mis
sissippi, New York, Texas, Massachu
setts, Alabama, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Virginia, Kansas,
Colorado, Illinois, Tennessee, lowa,
Florida, California, British Columbia,
Arkansas, Michigan, and Montana.
These subscriptions are not
“bought”; each one is paid for at
the rate of a dollar a year; and most
of them come from our army of vol
unteer workers.
It is to these volunteers that I have
made my appeal,—men and women,
who believe in the work of the. Jeffer
sonians, who are fihting for the cause
of right and truth that the Jefferson
ians uphold, against the corruption
that has infected our body politic.
We want to make this volunteer
work an organized movement. We
want a real army. If you are with
us, say so, and tell us, not what you
are willing to do, but what you will
do. Aim high. The mark is 100,000
new subscribers before the end of
this year.
JAMES LANIER,
Business Manager.
Thomson, Ga., Feb. 19, 1910.
AGENTS’ CONTEST
When this notice appears, you will
have just four more days in which to
work for the prizes, and the Geor
gians will be sadly behind the proces
sion, unless they make another
spurt at the last. There are more
competitors in this contest than we
have ever had before, and no single
agent has sent in a record-breaking
list. Dy a little hard work now, and
a good showing in the next contest,
agents can qualify themselves for the
graiyl prize on April 15th, when sub-
'Seffersonlan
would have been a blot upon
the Courts if she had not
been.
Senator Tillman has been
and the Federal prison will
be his future residence, un
less justice in his case proves
not only blind, but deaf,
dumb and crazv. For weeks
scriptions and renewals will be to
talled for both the monthly contests.
We ask all agents to read our Feb
ruary letter very carefully. It is of
great importance that you should
thoroughly understand the new poli
cy which we have adopted, and its
effect upon your eraning capacity.
MONARCHY" VS. THE REPUBLIC.
The old Mosaic dispensation is the
Tory “policy” of arbitrary usurpa
tion, “man-made courts,” the royal
• courts system of special privilege, the
money changers systematic regimes
of monarchy: that, and the new dis
pensation, the right system of ad
ministrative government, the inde
pendent constitutional Republic, is
the only political division that ever
was, or is possible. Religion is poli
tics, liberty; means redemption from
arbitrary rule; there is only the one
way, the practical enforcement of tire
plain, written statutory constitution
al law, in unabridged hearings in the
courts, that will not take technical
advantage of any officer or citizen,
and will guarantee adequate protec
tion for all legitimate business and
political rights by establishing the
constitutional authority of the courts
over “machine” methods in business
and politics; that will reverse the or
der of court procedure, and that will
effect the complete revolution in ad
ministrative government, the su
premacy of the Constitution un
abridged, the organic law of the na
tion, to do the judging in courts of
justice to maintain the greatest re
public that ever was builded; the in
dependent constitutional Republic of
the United States of America.
C. W. SPROUL.
Rich Hill, Mo., R. F. D., Rt 2.
Don’t disregard the call for volun
teers; it’s urgent.
Wise, United States District Attorney, of
New York. This entertaining and illumi
nating document was afterwards published
in the Cosmopolitan Magazine— another of
the anathematized “muck-rakers”. It reads
thuswise:
“Washington, Sunday, June 77, 1909. My
Dear Wise: Senator Root has sent me the proof
of a petition signed by Bowers, Milburn & Guth
rie, in support of their contention that the statute
of limitations has run in favor of Messrs. Par
sons, Kissel and Harned. If the only overt acts
done to carry out the objects of the unlawful
conspiracy were those referred to in the briefs, I
should think they were insufficient to save the
bar of the statute.
“A strong effort will be made tomorrow to
persuade the President to interfere in some way
to prevent the indictments, but, aside from that,
no indictments should be returned against any
one if there is no reasonable ground to believe
they can be sustained—if, for instance, the of
fenses charged are clearly barred by the statute.
I need hardly to say this to you.
“What I want to impress upon you is, that if
you have any reasonable doubt in the matter,
you either have the Gran<j Jury ask the court for
instructions, or, if that is not feasible, that you
advise the department of the specific charges on
which you rely to«® the statute before actually
having the indictjh&tts brought in. You may
telephone either to me or to Mr. Ellis, if I should
be out of the department when you call on this
point. GEORGE W. WICKERSHAM.’’
They may be able to do something to Reilly
for “taking and publishing letters and pri
vate papers without authority”, but the
morale of the case is that Wickersham had
hardly warmed his cozy seat in the Cabinet
before he put forth a soft restraining paw
to save the Sugar Trust from prosecution,
even as all his predecessors had done.
But it won’t work. Mr. Heike will proba
blv “do time” before long.
RED SEAL SHOES
Made Millions
in the Wear
South Them
If your dealer doesn’t handle them, write us.
COTTON SEED
BROADWELL'S EARLY DOUBLE JOINTED
Fruits heavily, matures early, big yields.
$1.50 bu.; 50 bu. lots, $50.00, f. o. b. Senoia.
R. L. HARDY, Senoia, Ca.
TO THOSE INTERESTED IN FLORIDA we
wish to announce ihe issuance of pamphlet
entitled, “Fruit and Vegetable Growing in Manatee
County, Florida," consisting of fifty-six pages, hand
somely illustrated, with map of the state in back.
Facts and figures concerning the culture of fruits
and vegetables and illustrations of life in that
ideal section. Copy sent free on request to
J W. r E, General Industrial Agent,
SEABOARD AIR LINE RAILWAY,
Norfolk, Virginia
THE
Georgia Home Insurance
COMPANY OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859, Nearly
a Half Century Old
Total Assets - - - Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization - Over Five Million Dollars
Gainesville Nurseries
Gainesville, Florida
Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees of
standard varieties; Satsuma Oranges on
Citrus Trifoliata stock, Fruit and Or
namental Trees, Plants and Shrubs,
Field-grown Roses, Palms, Ferns, etc.
Send for our Catalog.
H. S. Graves, Proprietor, Gainesville, Florida
BLOODLESS METHOD OF TREATING CANCER
We make a specialty of treating and .
curing external Cancer. Have you one, '
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE. NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DUS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 96, Quitman, Ga.
PAGE FIVE