PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BV
TH OS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tb>mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnltrtd at Putt#", Atlanta, Ga., January IS, /QC-7, at nctnd
. tian mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, May 28, 1908
Trust Busting Mysteries.
During Cleveland’s second administra
tion —the rottenest in political history—
the country was treated to some startling
instances of “suspension” of law by Pres
idential mandate.
This vicious precedent is now being
followed by President Roosevelt, and the
beneficiaries of the “Suspension” of the
law are the very law-breakers whose
crimes are most injurious to the country.
If the law against theft were suspended
in the case of a penniless mother who
steals a loaf to feed her starving children,
“Society” wouldn’t be damaged so very
much —but laws are never “suspended” in
favor of the weak and the poor. It is the
powerful railroad magnate, like Paul
Alorton; the powerful combination of
capital which operates railroad and coal
mines, at the same time; or the colossal
Steel Trust, that gets the benefit of the
“suspension” of criminal statutes.
Paul Morton gave rebates. To give
rebates is a crime, but the Presidential
favor gave Paul his immunity bath, and
instead of going to jail he went to work
for Tom Ryan’s Equitable Insurance Co.
at SBO,OOO per year. Is still on the job.
To operate coal mines, transporting the
coal over its own lines is criminal conduct
when done by a railroad company. But
by virtue of a private agreement between
Mr. Roosevelt and the railroads, they are
violating the law’ and are not to be pros
ecuted.
At least, a statement to that effect was
made in the U. S. Senate and no one
denied it.
The latest suspension of the law in
favor of plundering capitalists enables the
Steel Trust to gobble up the only re
maining independent company—the Ten
nessee Coal & Iron Co.
Our privileged robber-chief, J. Pierpont
Morgan, took advantage of conditions
brought about by the panic to scoop the
concern which, being heavily in debt,
could not ride out the Morgan-Rocke
feller panic. Then Morgan, of course,
wanted to unload his purchase, selling
where he could get the best price. Nat
urally the Steel Trust was the ideal
buyer, for by purchasing the Tennessee
Coal & Iron Co. it not only secured a
THS JEFFERSONIAN.
magnificent property, but practically put
an end to all competition in the Home
Market.
But it was against the law for the Steel
Trust to buy this independent concern.
Yet the purchase was made.
Leslie Shaw, a sometime member of the
Roosevelt cabinet, declares that Morgan
applied to Roosevelt and that our great
national trust-buster granted a “suspen
sion” of the Sherman law so that the big
gest and most ravenous of all our Trusts
might swallow its ordy considerable rival
and thus become a more irresistible trust
than ever.
Trust-busting apparently has mysteries
known only to the initiated.
These mysteries, we are grieved to
note, deepen to a marked degree as the
Presidential election draws nigh.
* * *
The 'Rape-Peril Strikes lolva.
Gradually, the North will realize what
a ghastly mistake has been made by
South-haters who, in Lynching cases,
have bewailed the fate of the negro rav
isher, without having a word of pity for
the black brute’s victim. This perverse
way of discussing lynchings has had the
effect of elevating the rapist into a sort
of hero-martyr among his people. The
perils involved in this mistaken attitude
of the North can only be comprehended
by those who know how prone the ne
groes are to make a hero out of any black
man who has suffered punishment at the
hands of the whites.
The hog-thief, returning from the chain
gang, is not ostracised bv his people, but
lionized. The negro criminal, convicted
by the whites for crimes against the
whites never loses caste with his own
race.
How dangerous, then, is it for the
North to be forever denouncing the South
for Lynching rapists, and saying nothing
against the awful crime!
The criminal is not held up to execra
tion ; the fate of the victim who has un
dergone that which is worse than death
is not the subject of horrified comment;
the vials of Northern wrath are emptied
upon THE AVENGERS OF THE
HELLISH DEED!
No wonder that the ravishing of white
women by black brutes is spreading all
over the Union.
In lowa’s capital city the recent crimes
of negro men against white girls and wo
men have become so common and bold
that Vigilante Committees have been
formed and the Mayor of Des Moines has
been applied to by white women for per
mission to carry pistols.
Think of it! The white ladies of one
of the finest cities of our civilized land
dare not go upon the streets at night, for
fear that they wil be seized by negro
men and ravished!
The Hobsons and Roosevelts are clam
oring for more battle-ships, because of a
purely imaginary Yellow Peril. Yet the
peril of the black-rapist has become a
national, a permanent, and a herrible
actuality.
How shall we deal with that?
* * M
A Warning to Populists.
My friends, the savage vindictiveness
with which the Hoke Smith managers are
assailing me convinces me of this:
If at our Convention on July 9th there
should be such a rousing attendance from
all over the State as to convince him that
I have not lost my friends, and am not
“buried,” you will see him flop on Dis
franchisement, as he has done on so many
other issues, and he will take the Living
ston position, to-wit,
“WE MUST KEEP THE NEGROES
TO BEAT WATSON AND THE
POPULISTS.”
The State Campaign in Florida.
The Jeffersonian rejoices in the fact that
in the “first heat” of the race in Florida,
Governor N. B. Broward and Hon. John
N. C. Stockton received such a magnifi
cent vote. The final trial of strength is
now on, between those who led in the
preliminary contest. In a few weeks we
shall know whether Gov. Broward goes
to the Senate and whether Mr. Stockton
becomes Governor.'
We sincerely hope that both will win.
We know them both and consider them
two of the best men of this Union. For
many years they have stood manfully for
the rights of the common people of Flor
ida against the corrupt rule of ravenous
corporations.
No state has had a better chief Execu
tive than Florida found in Broward, and
no state will have a better Senator than
she will have if she chooses him for that
place.
As to Mr. Stockton, his career shows
how much he has sacrificed for those
principles of genuine democracy which
are now becoming predominant through
out the country, but whose pioneers have
suffered so much persecution, misrepre
sentation and ostracism.
Mr. Stockton seems to us to be the ideal
man to continue the great work of Gov
ernor Broward.
* M M
Holv Does Bryan Stand on Prohibi
tion ?
Saying, every now and then, that he is
not a candidate for the Presidential nom
ination, our great Nebraska talker is put
ting is about sixteen hours a day working
to get it.
How many speeches do you suppose
Bryan has made since 1890? It makes one
perspire to think of trying to be statisti
cal on the subject. And how many dif
ferent things has Bryan talked about dur
ing all these years?
So far as we can remember he has held
forth on nearlv every topic within the
whole range of current discussion. No
matter what sort of a public gathering