We Should Think So; Also We
Believe it
“‘Bulletin number one”, issued by Bro. A.
S. Lloyd, D. 1)., of Fifth Avenue, New York,
has been duly received.
Bro. Lloyd, D. D., supplies us the infor
mation that:
"For $9.00 a missionary bishop can be supported and
his expenses paid for a day.”
Well, we haven’t said anything to the con
trary, and we don’t want to have any fuss
about it.
Bro. Lloyd, D. D., further states:
“For $50.00, a great educational institution, such as
St. John’s University, Shanghai, can be kept open
for a day”
So can the great educational institutions of
Miss Emma Perry, Miss Martha Berry and
the self-help school at Waleska, Georgia.
Why export the SSO per day to Shanghai?
Continuing, Bro. Lloyd, D. D., says:
“For $25.00 a day a mission hospital, such as St.
James’, Anking, may be kept open, caring for 50 or 60
patients in its wards and for 100 or more in its dis
pensary.”
What! Haven’t they been trying to make
us believe that these hospitals and dispen
saries in heathendom are self-sustaining?
Bro. Lloyd, D. D., lives on Fifth Avenue,
New York. Over on Sixth Avenue, New
York, he will find thousands of men, women
and children who are sunk in deeper destitu
tion, ignorance, immorality and irreligion
than the heathen of Shanghai or Anking.
And over in Philadelphia, not far from
New York, there rages, right now, an epi
demic of suicide among the poor, who can’t
get work and whom want has driven to des
peration.
Why not give your life and your charity
brokerage to those nearest you, Bro. Lloyd,
D. D. ?
Just step across from your fine Fifth
Avenue home to Sixth Avenue, —and you can
find as much Good Samaritan work as you
need.
® ®l gi
Currency Law Next
Senator Aldrich framed his infamous tariff
bill upon the simple principle of allowing
the Interests to come into his Committee
room, and tell him privately what they want
ed, in the way of monopoly-breeding rates.
lie is now in New York, holding a meeting
of his “Currency reform” Committee, behind
closed doors. Entrance to the plotting can
be secured by none but the big financiers.
The national bankers are doing what the
manufacturing trusts did, —telling Aldrich in
private what they want.
They will get it, of course. And among the
things which they very much desire, is the
retirement of the Greenbacks.
Wait for the report of Aldrich’s committee,
and you will see.
® ®] g]
Sam Emery's Letter
On the pages which carry “Letters from
the People”, our readers will find a commu
nication from a citizen of Georgia, living
near the beautiful little city of LaGrange.
We have some splendid schools and colleges
in that progressive town, and if I had been
asked where has Christian civilization won
complete ascendancy, I would have named
LaGrange as one of the localities.
Yet 1 am not the least surprised to learn
the facts stated in Sam Emory’s letter. Per
haps there is not a single county in the
Southern States where similar sad cases can
not be found. •
Obe 3eff<trsonian
See What's Here
“There is no such thing as a Lumber
Trust,” said some of the Jeffersonian's cor
respondents at the time this paper was jab
bing the Congressmen who voted against free
lumber.
But I see by the papers that the Attorney-
General of Mississippi, J. B. Stirling, has
brought suit against a combine of seventy
two lumber companies for violation of the
anti-trust law. He demands penalties of
$14,184,000.
Possibly some of these very law-breakers
instigated the denials of the existence of a
lumber trust.
g) g| gj
A Chicago Paper and the Civil
War Prisoners
A friend sends in the clipping below, taken
from the Chicago Examiner:
Death of Prisoners
“C. N. D. —The report made by the War Department
to the Fortieth Congress shows that about 188,000
Union soldiers were catured by the Confederates; that
half of them were paroled and half confined in prison;
of this number 36.000 died in captivity. The Union
armies, on the other hand, captured 476,000 Confed
erates; of these 227,000 were retained as prisoners and
30,000 died. While the percentage of mortality in
Northern prisons was 13 in the hundred, that in Rebel
prisons was 38.”
Without intending to fire on Fort Sumpter
again, or to disturb the equanimity of those
who have made a saint out of the bare-brained
and murderous fanatic, J. Brown, we beg to
say that the jnan who wrote the above state
ment ought to be drenched on broken doses of
truth and common honesty.
Secretary of War Stanton was about the
last man of those that upheld the Union
cause, who could be suspected of willful and
deliberate favoritism to the South. He hated
us with a concentration of gall and worm
wood that was enough to completely satisfy
even the Shermans, John and Tecumseh. I
couldn’t put it any stronger than that, unless
I splice on the names of Thad Stevens and
Wendell Phillips.
Mr. Stanton made his official report on this
matter July 19, 1866. His figures were used
by Alexander H. Stephens in his “Constitu
tional View of the War Between the States”.
They were used, also, by Hen Hill in his
famous debate with Blaine, —and Mr. Blaine
did not dispute them.
Only two years ago, Corporal Tanner,
Commander-in-Chief of the G. A. R., admit
ted the correctness of the statistics which
proved that the greater percentage of mor
tality was in the Northern prisons. In fact,
no historian claims to the contrary. And I
don’t believe that any official report to the
contrary was made to the 40th Congress, or
any other.
In the Southern “hell-holes”, 22,576 prison
ers died: in the Northern pleasure-resorts,
where Bebel captives luxuriated in too licen
tious a manner, 26,436 perished,—probably
from over-eating, and surfeiting on fresh air.
Some of them, perhaps, neglected to put on
their woolen underwear in freezing w T eather.
and of malice aforethought frolicked around
barefooted.
The number of Johnnies that our brothers
on the other side had to feed and physic was
220,000. The Confederates, on the other hand,
captured 270,000 of the boys in Blue. With
Sheridan and Sherman and Custer and Hun
ter burnings barns, slaughtering or driving
away the cattle, and destroying provisions of
every kind, it was a mighty hard job to feed
those poor fellows.
The Confederate authorities tried to ex
change these prisoners, but the other side re
fused.
Medicines were made contraband of war, —
for the first and last time in all the horrible
history of warfare.
Hard run to get food for the prisoners and
without sufficient medicines for the sick, the
Confederate authorities olfered to release the
sick and wounded captives, provided the
North would provide transportation.
Although this unprecedented and most mer
ciful proposition was made in the summer, it
was not acted on until winter.
Thus the poor prisoners—men pf a North
ern clime, —had to lie, sick and with festering
wounds, under a broiling Southern sun,
month after month, until cool weather had
come. Most of those who died, perished dur
ing those summer months.
Who was responsible for the awful mor
tality of the sick and wounded, after the Con
federates made that offer ?
Jefferson Davis sent a delegation of the An
dersonville prisoners to Washington to plead
for an exchange of prisoners, and ABRA
HAM LINCOLN REFUSED TO SEE
THEM!
The prisoners themselves adopted the most
piteous resolutions beseeching their Govern
ment to save them, by returning to the broken
agreement to exchange prisoners. The pray
ers of the wretched sufferers, stewing to death
under the blazing sun of August and Sep
tember, fell upon ears that refused to hear.
Gen. Ben Butler, in his book, admits that
270,000 is about correct as the number of
Union prisoners, but claims 260,000 as the
number of Confederates captured. This
would still leave the South with the larger
number of prisoners and the smaller number
of deaths.
In Flowers’ “Life of Edwin M. Stanton”,
page 234, is this statement:
“Finally, in their distress, the insurgents offered to
surrender Federal sick and wounded without equiva
lents. The offer was accepted April 20, 1864.”
“Insurgents” is a nice new name for Reb
els, Secesh. and Traitors. Note how pat the
good Mr. Flowers is in giving the date of the
acceptance of the Confederate proposition.
Then read on:
“And the hospitals were searched for the worst
cases.”
No date, you see.
The U. S. transports to take away the An
dersonville prisoners did not appear at Sa
vannah until November. 1864. Ben Hill
said, in his debate with Blaine, that it was
December, 1864, and Blaine did not deny it.
Jefferson Davis, however, says “November”,
and he is the more apt to be accurate, for his
book was prepared- with leisure and care.
Southern sympathizers in Great Britain
raised $75,000 to be used in supplying neces
saries and comforts to the Confederates held
in the Northern prisons. When the British
asked permission to send agents for the dis
tribution of that charitable fund. Stanton ob
jected. “Almighty God! No!” Secretary
Seward informed Great Britain, through the
American minister, that the Rebel prisoners
were not in need of anything. (See page 236,
Flowers’ “Life of Stanton”.)
Even in this biography of the great War
Secretary, published in 1905, it is conceded
that the largest number of deaths in prison
occurred at the North (26,249 Federals and
26,774 Confederates).
Now, why were the Union men kept in the
hell-holes, when they and their captors were
so earnestly trying to secure their release?
(1) Rebels exchanged went right back to
the firing line, while Union soldiers exchang
ed did not. (See Grant to Stanton, page 237,
“Life of Stanton”.)
(2) Reports of fearful conditions in the
Southern pens alienated European sympathy
from the South, and inflamed public passions
at the North.
These reports of prison horrors were a po
litical asset of the Republican party, and they
valued it too highly to surrender it.
PAGE THIRTEEN