Mrs. Cora B. Miller
Gives A Fortune
She Will Spend $50,000 in Giving Medical Treatment
Absolutely Free to Suffering Women
lll—■■■■!! Mill I 111 -
Will be Sent to Every Woman Who is Ailing
A Million Women
Bless Her Name
Grateful Letters From All Over the
World Tell of Wonderful Cures
With Mrs. Miller’s Mild
Home Treatment.
Over a million women have already
accepted Mrs. Miller’s generous offer to
give free to every sufferer a regular
treatment of her mild home remedy.
From every civilized country come
thousands upon thousands of kind,
.raleful letters from ladies whose
hearts overflow with gratitude because
this pleasant vegetable remedy has re
st.ored them to old-time health and
strength.
\'\ Mr
laIPM
Mrs. Francis M. Harris, of Dover,
Da., writes: “I feel like a new woman
and can do my work without having
that old, tired feeling. I am happy to
know that I am well again.”
“It has relieved me of my constant
suffering and I have not words to ex
press my gladness. It was surely a
Godsend to me, and I thank Him that
there is such a wonderful medicine on
earth for suffering women." —Mrs. Car
rie Bailey, Pickneyville, Ala.
Mrs. Miller’s remedy is the surest in
the world. She asks no one to take
Ft word, but only wants to prove it
to any sufferer. Mail the coupon if you
a; <• a sufferer from any female com
plaint to Mrs. Cora B. Miller, Koko
mo. Ind, Prove for yourself at Mrs.
Miller’s expense that this marvelous
remedy should cure you. Do not de
ity; send the coupon now.
There is Some One Near
You Cured by Mrs. Miller
There is hardly a country, city, town
or village in which there does not re
side some grateful lady who has been
relieved after years of suffering and
permanently cured by Mrs. Miller’s
mild home treatment, even after doc
tors and physicians failed. No matter
where you live, she can refer you to
ladies in your own locality who can
and will tell any sufferer that this
marvelous remedy really cures women.
Only bear this in mind. Her offer
will not last long, for thousands and
thousands of women who are suffering
will ta'ke advantage of this generous
means of getting cured. So if you are
ailing, do not suffer another day, but
semi the free coupon to Mrs. Miller
without another day’s delay.
Send No Money, Just Your Name and Address,
If You Are A Sufferer From Any
Woman’s Disease or Piles
In the past few years Mrs. Miller has
given $125,000.00 in sending medicine
to afflicted women.
Several years ago Mrs. Miller learned
of a mild and simple preparation that
cured herself and several friends of
villas
wMWRMMWEI W JI
Mrs. Miller’s Home. From Here She Directs the Distribution of Her
Medicine to Those Who Suffer
female weakrfess and piles. She was
besieged by so many women needing
treatment that she decided to furnish
it to those who might call for it. She
started with only a few dollars capi
tal, and the remedy, possessing true
and wonderful merit, producing many
cures when doctors and other remedies
failed, the demand grew so rapidly she
was several times compelled to seek
larger quarters. She now occupies one
of the city’s largest office buildings,
which she owns, and almost one hun
dred lady clerks and stenographers are
required to assist in this great busi
ness.
Sometime ago it was announced that
she would give to women who suffered
from female diseases another $lO,-
000.00 worth of her medicine. She has
fulfilled this promise, but as she is still
receiving requests from thousands
upon thousands of women from all
parts of the world, who have not yet
used her remedy, she has decided to
How To Cure Any Case Os Piles
1 want to tell you flatly and plainly
that any woman, or man either, for
that matter, who suffers from any
form of piles, may place their faith
absolutely in my treatment. They
won’t be disappointed. It’s intended
for piles as well as the diseases pecu
liar to women.. It heals diseased mem
brane surfaces, no matter where lo
cated, and I verily believe that this
give away $50,000.00 more to those who
are suffering and unable to find relief.
Mrs Miller’s wonderful remedy is
especially prepared for the speedy and
permanent cure of leucorrhea or whi
tish discharges, ulceration, displace-
ments or falling of the womb, profuse,
scanty or painful periods, uterine or
ovarian tumors or growths; also pains
in the head, back and bowels, bearing
down feelings, nervousness, creeping
feeling up the spine, melancholy, de
sire to cry, hot flashes, weariness and
piles from any cause or no matter of
how long standing.
Every woman sufferer, unable to find
relief, who will write Mrs. Miller now,
without delay, will receive by mail
free of charge, a 50-cent box of her
simple home remedy, also her book
with explanatory illustrations showing
why women suffer and how they can
easily cure themselves at home with
out the aid of a physician.
All that is necessary is to cut out
the coupon at the bottom of this page,
fill in your name and address and send
it to Mrs. Miller. Kokomo, Ind. The
medicine and book will be sent to you
at once. Send now before the $50,-
000.00 worth is all gone.
remedy has cured more bad cases of
piles of all kinds than all the so-called
“pile cures” and doctors in the coun
try. A cure with my remedy is speedy.
It’s safe and it’s lasting. The intense
torture, the burning, smarting • and
itching stop at once and you feel bet
ter right from the start. Send for my
free treatment at once and see for
yourself.
WHY MEN DESERT THEIR WIVES
Eighty Per Cent, of the Wife Deser
tions and Divorce Due to Fe
male Weakness.
I should have taken better care of
myself, I suppose. I was sick and suf
fering. No one but a woman can
know how I suffered. I was irritable.
I couldn’t be to my husband the wife
that I ought to have been. He, being
a man, couldn’t understand. We drift
ed apart. He sought his pleasures
elsewhere. Finally there was nothing
but the divorce court that could settle
our differences.
That’s the sad story that eight out
of every ten women who have passed
through the ordeal of the divorce
court, as well as the countless thou
sands of deserted wives who are not
divorced, know deep down in her heart
was the real cause of her trouble.
A sick wife, a neglected home, and
the publicity and the court
room to end it all. There -wouldn’t be
half as much talk of the divorce evil
in the world if only every wife and
mother would realize her duty to pre
serve her health and strength.
No woman has the right to • expect
her husband to devote his leisure
hours to his home and her when she is
leading a dragged-out, hopeless, down
in-the-mouth existence that wmuld dis
courage the greatest optimist on earth.
Mrs. Cora B. Miller’s marvelous
home remedy has done more to pre
vent divorce than all the messages to
Congress and conventions in the world.
The woman who is bright and cheerful
and well has a home that reflects her
own good feeling and discontent finds
no place therein.
Mrs. Miller’s aid and advice is as free
to you as God’s sunshine or the air you
breathe. She wants to prove to you
her common-sense home treatment will
cure you just as surely as it cured her
years ago in her humble cottage.
If you are a sufferer from any fe
male trouble, no matter what it is,
send the coupon below to Mrs. Cora B.
Miller at once.
Put Your Faith in Mrs. Miller
My word that my home treatment
should unfailingly relieve you of fe
male diseases or piles doesn't neces
sarily mean anything. But when my
word and medicine is backed up by
over, a million ladies, that’s evidence
you can not doubt. There is hardly a
county or small village in the land
that does not number some poor suf
ferer cured. I didn’t force them to use
my medicine. They took it of their
own free will and it cured them. You
can put your faith in that sort of a
remedy every time. Just cut out the
coupon, send it today and prove what
this marvelous treatment will do for you.
This Noted Divine Says:
“I am personally acquainted with
Mrs. Cora B. Miller. I most cheerfully
and voluntarily testify that myself
and family have been greatly benefited
by the use of Mrs. Miller’s home reme
dies and heartily recommend them to
the general public.”—Rev. P. G. Ros
camp, D.D.. Presbyterian Minister.
Do not delay. Send the coupon today.
FREE TREATMENT COUPON
This Coupon is good for a full
sized regular 50-cent package of
Mrs. Miller’s Mild Home Treatment.
Just fill in your name and address
on dotted lines below and mail at
once to Mrs. Cora B. Miller, 7537
Miller Bldg., Kokomo, Ind., and you
will receive the remedy in plain
package at once.