not calculated to do harm with. Indeed, no.
Th© harm has long 1 since been done. The •
monopolists and millionaire class are already
here and in power. To throw down the lad
der after the enemy is on the wall does not
weaken him.
To cry out “Tariff for revenue,” is no more
beneficial or harmful than to cry out, “Tar
iff for protection.” They amount to the same
thing in the end. The capitalistic influence in
congress will see to it that the revenue need
ed for paying appropriations will of itself
act as a high protective tariff. The manufac
turers will always see to it that they will get
all the protection they want; while the people,
of course, will pay the bills. If a billion of
dollars is squandered and a small or light tar
iff is sufficient to liquidate all claims, it will
be easy, and without any violation of consti
tutional law, to double the tax and appropri
ate two or more billions. Excuses for doing
so will be as easily found as herring at Hali
fax. *
Don't forget. We will want the “greatest
navy in the world.” We can “increase the pen
sion list.” We can “buy a few more heathen
islands with their breech-clothed inhabitants
to make Christians out of.” All our civil
and military officials can. have their pay dou
bled or trebled. Public buildings can be re
modeled and transformed into palaces to make
the eyes of the gods glisten, and —but why
enumerate? No use to do so, because the
very idea of a congressmna entertaining any
proposition looking toward retrenchment in
expenses is long since obsolete, while his
whole soul, from the time of his election till
the expiration of his term, is centered on find
ing some plausible bill by which an appropria
tion will be secured.
As long as the party lash holds out to burn,
None of the vile sinners will return —to their
senses.
Cheneyville, La. LINN TANNER.
ASININITY VS. REGULARITY.
In his address at Omaha, after having re
ceived the indorsement of the Democratic and
of the Populist State Convention for the
Presidency, Mr. Bryan said:
“Democracy faces the future with hope.
Our party is united, while the Republican par
ty is divided. * * * As the Republicans used
one faction of the Democratic party to defeat
us in 1896, we shall return the compliment this
year and use one'part of the Republican party
to defeat the other.”
Taking into consideration the personality
of the speaker and the time, place and circum
stances under which it was made, that utter
ance may be fitly described as the most
asinine in the history of recent oratory.
If the statement was the candid expression
of a sincere belief on his part, it reveals in
the mind of Mr. Bryan a most childish credul
ity. If it was a piece of rhetoric designed
to delude the Democratic rank and file into
a further acceptance of his leadership, it shows
an impudent contempt for the stupidity of his
followers and a brazen disregard of the plain
est facts of the political situation.
Call it egotism or call it hypocrisy, it will
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
be equally silly and equally false.
The Democratic party is not united. It
never will be united under Mr. Bryan. Not
only is it divided, but it is discredited and
demoralized. In some States it has almost
ceased to exist. Even in the South its con
tinued coherence is due to stagnation rather
than vitality; and should Mr. Bryan be re
nominated there will be many States where it
will hardly be worth while for the party to
make a contest at all.
The Republican party, on the other hand,
was never at any time more united, more
vigorous, more sure of its purpose and its
leaders or more confident of success. Out
of the splendid traditions of the past Re
publicans have drawn not only fidelity to
party principles but a genuine loyalty to
strict party discipline. If they err it is on
the side of blind devotion to party rather than
of division and desertion.
When such leaders as Seward, Cameron
and Chase were defeated by Lincoln in the
Chicago Convention of 1860 all factions of the
party rallied to the support of the nominee.
The cry of loyalty was spontaneous: “Stand
by the ticket!” It was a united Republican
ism against a divided Democracy, and the
result was a triumph for discipline and
regularity.
So it has been ever since. When the great
Republican statesmen were set aside in 1868
for Grant, who had been a pro-slavery Demo
crat, they gave him an unbroken support.
In the long series of contests between Blain
and his opponents in the party, when in con
vention after convention the favorites were
defeated and Hayes, Garfield and Harrison
were nominated, the party discipline was never
relaxed save in one instance, and in that the
defection was so slight that the change of a
few hundred votes in New York would have „
elected the ticket.
As it was in the past so is it now. If Mr.
Bryan be nominated the Democratic party
will be more disordered and disintegrated than
ever, while the Republican candidate, who
ever he may be, will receive the full vote of
his confident and aspiring party.
It will be a contest between organized poli
tical intelligence and disorganized asininity.—-
New York World.
We take it that the Denver convention will
endeavor to cheer Mr. Bryan for at least fifty
minutes,’ but the thin Denver atmosphere is
likely to prove too great a handicap for °ven
Democratic enthusiasm.—Washington Post.
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for you
to ship your Peaches, Pears, Watermelons,
Lopes, and everything in this line to. Write
them today. They are
HEWITT & COMPANY.
10 East Camden St. Baltimore, Md.
TiriADCU cured; auick relief; removes all swell-
11 |r 11V InR l n Bto 20 days: 30 to 60 days effects
JLflbvl. kJ 1 permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Bax K, Atlanta, Ga.
1A POST CARDS 17 or
JLV And Your Name i IdULr
In our Post Card Exchange, if you send ten
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Maturo.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS for $5.
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and white, or hand
colored.
We extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may receive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
FOR SALE CHEAP
One 70-saw Winship g*i, condenser, and
feeder; one 5 1-2 inch pin self-tramping press;
shafting, belting and pulleys complete; in good
condition; 12-horsepower engine and boiler, all
in good running condition. Will sell engine
separate, or other parts separate, or all to
gether. to suit purchaser. Machinery is at
Alto, Ga. Correspond with S. J. Duffee, 425
Hiawassee Ave., Athens, Ga.
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples aad prices.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terms.
PAGE SEVEN