wanted to change the Constitution, establish
the Gold Standard, and thus gfet a narrowed
supply of money of final redemption, so
that they could control the markets of the
world.
And they got it.
Afraid to submit to the people an amend
ment to the Constitution changing it, they
made a treasury ruling, and an act of Con
gress, do the work, and the Gold Standard,
which violates the plain letter of our funda
mental law, is upon us.
In 1819, as in 1884, the U. S. Supreme Court
decided that treasury notes, issued by the
Government, and made legal tender, answered
every purpose of lawful money.
Therefore, our constitutional system of mon
ey is gold, silver and legal tender paper—each
dollar having the debt-paying function by rea
son of the law, and each one of the dollars the
full equal of every other dollar.
In the Cooper Union speech and in my let
ter of acceptance, in 1904, it was pointed out
that the Money Question could not be con
sidered as settled, when the Gold Standard vi
olated the Constitution, and the practice of a
hundred years.
Evidently, the Money Question is just about
the most unsettled thing that now confronts
the American people.
* * r
You will miss it if you don’t read
Premium Offers, which appear on
another page.
•e te *
Shuford 9 s Motion and No Paper Next
Week,
The Weekly Jeffersonian will give all hands
a rest next week —the principal reason being
that Christmas comes but once a year.
Our North Carolina friend, Ex-Congressman
Shuford, suggests that we ask every friend of
the two Jeffersonians to donate one day to the
work of canvassing for subscribers.
You hear the motion, Brethren.
All who favor it please say Aye, and go to
work raising a club on whichever day of Christ
mas week suits you.r convenience best.
If the old man should get a New Year’s gift
of several thousand new subscribers he would
probably jump up and crack his heels together
three times, before getting back to solid
ground.
And surely out of the 24,000 subscribers of
the two Jeffersonians, there ought to be enough
of the co-operative, patriotic Spirit to influ
ence one thousand out of the twenty-four to
donate one day of Christmas week to the easy
task of getting one new subscriber to the pa
per and magazine.
Try it, friends.
And so—a Christmas to you all which shall
be as merry as serious folks can be in a world
where there is so much sorrow, suffering and
sin; a Christmas as happy as it can be for those
who dwell partly among memories, lost illu
sions, disappointed hopes and fruitless efforts;
a Christmas in which resignation to the ine
vitable shall be as bravely cheerful as is pos
sible to those who look below the surface of
things and find mysteries that are full of ter
ror; a Christmas in which you may experience
that sweetest and purest of joys—the giving
of pleasure to others; a Christmas in which
you will remember that forgiveness is better
than revenge, charity nobler than greed, love
better than hate, and the faithful adherence to
honest, conscientious convictions better than
any reward apostasy can ever win; a Christ
mas in which you shall be at peace with your
self, at peace with your fellow man, at peace
with your God.
H K H
Honor Poll.
S. D. Daniel, Eden, Fla.
P. F. Pruitt, Locust Grove, Ga.
H. W. Carter, Powersville, Ga.
H. W. Gordon, Madison, Va.
J. W. Beach, Batavia, Ark.
M. S. Cheshire, Moultrie, Ga.
O. A. Clark, Randolph, lowa.
A. F. Rowell, Andalusia, Ala.
W. T. Stewart, Thomaston, Ga.
(To be Continued.)
H H H
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
Now that the time and place for holding the
next Republican and Democratic national con
ventions has been decided, there* will be live
ly times among the candidates for the nomina
tions, especially among the Republicans.
Secretary Taft seems to be the leading Re
publican candidate, but Cortelyou, Cannon,
Fairbanks, Knox, Hughes and Foraker are still
in the running.
Since the President has again positively
stated that under no circumstances will he be
come a candidate again or accent another
nomination the chances for Hughes or Cortel
you securing the nomination grow better. Both
are from New York and the New York dele
gation is apt to go to the Chicago convention
instructed for one or the other.
Mr. Bryan seems to be considered the next
Democratic nominee, but Gray, Johnson, Folk
and Chanter are being talked of.
But things are too unsettled to make fore
casts at this time. The money question is apt
to be the leading question in 1908, and this all
important question may bring about different
alignments from those of the present time.
Newspaper headlines do not end panics and
this one is not ended despite the newspaper
reports to the contrary.
In fact it is doubtful if it has yet reached
its worst.
Spring, the time for planting crops in the
south and west, is to be passed yet, and it is
then that we are likely to feel the panic more
than we have felt it in the past few weeks.
If the banks of the south and west are una
ble to get money now, where do they expect to
get it in the spring?
If they cannot get it in the spring, what is
the farmer of the south and west to do? Or
if he has to pay a rate of interest that means
probable ruin, what then?
The money question will be one that strikes
home and the farmers of the two sections will
vote a ticket that does away with the present
National Banking system and adopts a system
that will afford genuine relief in times of h
money stringency.
Congress has done nothing yet, nor will
there likely be very much done by the present
Congress.
Next year there will a Presidential election
and the Republicans are afraid to do much for
fear of hurting their chances in 1908.
John Sharp Williams has again been elected
the Democratic leader of the House, and the
reform Republicans and Democrats will get lit
tle help if Williams has his way.
Had the Democrats elected as their leader a
man who has the interest of the people instead
of the interests of the corporations at heart,
with the aid of a few reform Republicans, they
might have forced through some relief meas
ures that would benefit the country, or they
could have made the Republicans show their
hands so plainly that they would be defeated
next year.
But they have thrown away that chance by
electing Williams, unless some of the young,
independent Democratic members ignore Wil
liams and make an effort to accomplish some
thing for the benefit of the people.
n
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasu
ry be, and he is hereby, directed to transmit
to the Senate the following information:
First, a statement giving the names and loca
tion, classified by states, of all United States
depositories, and the amount of public money
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
on deposit daily, in each, from October 1, 1907,
to December 3, 1907, with amount and charac
ter of securities therefor; and an explanation of
important changes made in either amount or
location of said deposits.
Condition of Banks.
Second, a statement showing in detail the
condition of the national banks on August 22,
1907, and December 3, 1907, and the amount of
national bank notes outstanding from time to
time during such period.
Third, an abstract of the proposals received
by the Secretary of the Treasury for the pur
chase of the Panama bonds and 3 per cent cer
tificates of indebtedness, authorized by the
Treasury circular of November 18, 1907; the
amount of such bonds and certificates issued,
to whom awarded, and the reasons for their
issue.
Fourth, a detailed statement of any informa
tion he may have as to the amount of clearing
house certificates issued by the clearing house
associations of the principal cities from Octo
ber 25, 1907, to December 3, 1907; the charac
ter of such certificates, and the purposes for
which they were used.
Movement of Currency.
Fifth, any information in his possession as
to the movement of currency between the dif
ferent sections of the country during the period
from October I, 1907, to December 3, 1907,
compared with previous years, and especially
of shipments by the Treasury, or otherwise,
from New York and Washington to points
south and west.
Sixth, a statement showing the amount of
gold, imports and exports, from October 1,
1907, to December 3, 1907.
This is the substance of the Clay-Culberson
resolution introduced in the Senate by Senator
Culberson, of Texas, and Senator Clay, of
Georgia, and is undoubtedly the forerunner of
a bill by these two Senators for reform in the
present currency laws.
It will at least show clearly where the money
is and how much of the people’s money the
national banks are getting the free use of.
HMM
LONG TIME FINDING IT OUT.
• In one of his more recent addresses to the mem
bership National President Barrett says:
“The spinner is our natural enemy, from a busi
ness point of view. Oh, yes, he is a gentleman,
a pleasant fellow, and a nice man to have a ‘con
ference’ with. He will get all the information he can
out of you and will give you some valuable sug
gestions in return, but when the conference is over
he will go home eager in the pursuit of his business,
the latter being to get possession of our cotton at
the lowest possible price.”
If Mr. Barrett and a few others hadn’t been so
gree that it was dangerous for them to get inside
the pasture with the geese they would have known
all that, without having to learn it by going to con
ferences on both sides of the Atlantic. Thousands
of dollars of the farmers’ hard-earned money have
been spent on these conferences by the union leaders,
only to be told a few weeks later that the spinners
are going to get the cotton for as little money as
possible. The Journal and Tom Watson and pew
haps a few others were telling the union
this at the time when they were declaring that aj
genuine love feast had been held between the grow 4
ers and the spinners, and that the marriage would
be pulled off next year. We don’t know what
they said about Tom Watson, but they said that|
The Journal and the Cotton Growers Union peopld
were in a combine with the cotton gamblers— i
combine that reached from “Liverpool, England, t<
Abilene, Texas.” We are glad the big union official!
have found out that the growers want one thinj
and the spinners another. And there are signs tha
they are finding out the same thing with reference
to the bankers and merchants, and if they wil
only keep learning until they exclude all from the!
councils but farmers who live on farms and fare
for a living, they will be pretty nearly in line wit'
the Cotton Growers’ Union. —Farmers’ Journal.
• mH
PAGE NINE