fersonian the very language used by Dr.
MacArthur; showed that it corroborated Dr.
Blackburn, and that I did criticise Dr. Mac-
Arthur severely for the inconsistency between
what he said in that New York World inter
view and what he said in the letter to Rev.
R. C. Cleckler. So, you see, Mr. Towson, you
don’t get your facts on very straight.
Now, let’s come to Dr. Paul Wakefield.
Mr. Charles Bowers, the reporter of the
Crawfordsville Journal, wrote me stating
that he was called to Dr. Wakefield’s lodgings
in order that Wakefield might give him, in
advance, the substance of his lecture. He
says that he took notes as Wakefield talked:
he says that some of the statements made by
'Wakefield were unfit to print, but that every
thing which he did print, Wakefield said to
him there in his room previous to the deliv
ery of the lecture. Ts he did not use in his
address to the audience in Mr. Mansell’s
Church the language which is denied by
Wakefield, and by Mr. Mansell, it is because
he did not go as far with his congregation as
he did in his private talk to that reporter.
Mr. Bowers had no motive whatever to mis
represent Dr. 'Wakefield, and Mr. Bowers
writes that that report of his was never chal
lenged by anybody until after I had attacked
Dr. Wakefield about it. Observe also how
very narrow is the scope of Reverend Walter
Mansell’s denial, “Every word of the first
clause as quoted by Watson is untrue.” That
refers, I presume, to the alleged statement
that, “There are more women missionaries de
graded by Chinese men than there are Chi
nese men converted.”
Well, it is obvious that a statement of that
general character is incapable of proof, but
the important thing about the Wakefield' lec
ture was that the system of individual in
struction of Chinese men by missionary wom
en had led to the degradation of many mis
sionary women, that the missionaries knew
this, and that they were not at dll surprised
at the Elsie Sigel tragedy. THAT. Brother
Towson, is the terrible thing about the 'Wake
field lecture, and that is what Mr. Mansell
does not deny. 'Write to him again: let him
see how I put it, and then ask him whether
he denies that Wakefield said, in substance,
“We missionaries have long known this,”
to wit: that the system of individual instruc
tion of Chinese men by missionary women
leads to the degradation of many of the mis
sionary women.
Now, as to the other report,—that made by
Mrs,. Walter Mansell over the telephone to
Mr. Clifford Peterson, reporter of the Craw
fordsville Review. Again observe how narrow
is the scope of the denial. Mrs. Mansell, like
her husband, confines herself to that particu
lar statement which was of no great impor
tance, because, in the nature of things, it is
impossible to prove that more missionary
women have been lost than Chinese men
saved. But I come now to what Mrs. Man
sell did not deny, and what I dare say she
will not deny. The largest headline over the
report of the "Wakefield lecture in the Craw
fordsville Review carries these words, —
“Women Can Never Convert Chinamen.”
Then the reporter goes on to say that those
American missionaries who know the char
acter of Chinese men, and who know that
) they can not be converted to Christianity by
American, or any other, women, were not sur
prised to learn, of the murder of Miss Elsie
Sigel, the missionary in Chinatown, New
Y ork.
Great God! Think of the horrible mean
ing of that statement w T hen you analyze it.
The missionaries knew that American women
were not converting the Chinamen to whom
they had been assigned, and they were not
surprised to hear of the downfall and death
of poor Elsie Sigel.
Why weren't they surprised ? There is only
one answer possible: they had known of just
such things before, and they kept it covered
up.
TJeffersonlan
Mr. you think you have helped
your case by having Mr. and Mrs. Mansell
deny the unimportant part of that report,
and to leave standing unquestioned and un
denied, the most damnable thing that Paul
Wakefield said?
Continuing the report which Mrs. Mansell
gave to Clifford Peterson over the telephone,
—“No woman missionary can Christianize a
Chinese man. For centuries and centuries
the men of China have had such a low esti
mate of women that they now can hardly re
spect them.” The reporter further states
that, “The Sigel tragedy in New York car
ried a great deal with it,” —and he expressed
the belief that “missionary workers every
where will heed the lesson, and American
women missionaries will cease to work among
Chinese men”. Why should they cease to
work among Chinese men? Because the sys
tem leads to their ruin. If that was not
Wakefield’s meaning, what did he mean? He
meant nothing else but that, and meaning
that he justified every word of excoriation
that I gave to him, and other missionaries in
the article which was headlined, “What We
Missionaries Concealed.”
Mr. Towson says that he has been asked
what is the secret of Mr. Watson’s bitter op
position to Foreign Missions, and. inferen
tially, in that connection, he compares me to
the traitor, Judas Iscariot. Evidently Mr.
Towson is a man who has no reluctance to
treading upon the feelings of others. I would
have to know a great deal that was wicked
and false about any human being before I
would dare to mention his name in the same
connection as that of the most infamous
traitor that ever lived.
My antagonism to the present system of
carrying on the work grows out of a profound
sense that it is wrong: that Christ nowhere
commanded it: that it bribes the workers and
tempts the alleged converts. The poor peo
ple of foreign countries have the loaves and
fishes spread before them in such abundance
that they are overcome by their own physical
cravings, as well as a desire for comfortable
kindergartens for their children, schools for
their boys and girls, colleges for their young
men and young women, medicine for the des
titute sick, homes for the wretched outcasts
of society and for the fatherless and mother
less children who are left without property.
We offer them so much, that they would em
brace our religion, being poor, frail, weak hu
man beings, to get these benefits, whether
there had been a change of heart in them or
not.
Let the Buddhists come over here and offer
to our destitute people in the great cities the
same temptations that our missionaries put
before the poorer classes of heathendom, and
you would find tens of thousands of our
Christian people flocking into those hospitals,
those dispensaries, those refuges and homes,
those orphanages, those kindergartens, schools
and colleges.
My opposition to Foreign Missions as now
conducted is based upon my intense sympa
thy for the suffering poor of my own coun
try. The money ought to be spent upon our
own destitute people, not upon the heathen.
In this land where two-thirds of the peo
ple never go to Church, where the bar-room,
the blind tiger and the soft drinks are drag
ging hundreds of thousands of our boys and
girls into lives of vice and crime, in this
land where a million little children are being
ground up into dividends for avaricious cor
porations. in this land where the white slave
traffic earns for its damnable dealers from
thirty millions to one hundred millions of
dollars per year, in this land where illiteracy
and irreligion are waving their black ban
ners and menacing the future of our country,
there is need for every dollar that we can
spare for the orphanages, the widows’ homes,
the kindergartens, the schools and the col
leges, and because I love my own people best,
I would give them every dollar that we now
squander upon these institutions abroad.
To the heathen I would send the evangelist
and the word of God: not a thing more.
Respectfully,
Trios. E. Watson.
P. S. —I learn from a letter written by Rev.
W. C. Cleckler to The Wesleyan Christian
Advocate that Rev. Asa Blackburn has re
cently died. T. E. W.
«/
Hello! Bode, Ain't You an Atlan
ta Printer ?
From a letter received a day o? so ago, I
infer that my sleepy-eyed human sapphire,
Boodlehamer. bitterly denies that he is an
Atlanta printer.
My, My, MY ! Apparently, if I were to
accuse the Union City Triumvirs—Bode,
Ladson and Duck—of washing their hands
and faces of mornings, they’d deny it—
they’re so flustered and flurried and bothered
in their minds.
It is said that the tail of an ape keeps on
growing, until it gets mightily in his way.
He can't very well shed it, nor chop it off.
nor stop its growth: so he just has to worry
and fret, bemoaning the fact that he is bur
dened with altogether too much tail.
Now, when men go wrong, and do evil,
and make records which are an encumbrance,
they are nonplussed and sadly pestered. They
can't blot out what they've done; the record
sticks To them like a monkey’s tail, and the
scandalous appendage continues to grow.
Oh, it’s bad to be a human ape with too
much tail. Other humans are liable to step
on it: besides which, the tail often gets the
embarrassed monk all tangled up.
That’s how it is with the Union City Tri
umvirs, Duck, Bood and Ladson. Their rec
ords, their tails, are in their way.
Think of Ladson, prevailing on Duck
worth, Bode, and Lee to deny facts that are
on the Court records of Fulton County!
Think of Duckworth denying things which
have appeared in his own paper!
Think of Bodenhamer denying that he is
an Atlanta printer!
If he isn’t what I said he was, how did he
manage to join the Atlanta Typographical
Union ?
Was he not printing my Magazine, so late
as December, 1908? and did he not do the
work at his shop, in Atlanta ? Is not his
firm of printers known as The Telegram
Printing Company? Has he not been “an
Atlanta printer” for many years? He lives
out at Decatur, as I understand, but his work
has been in Atlanta. Does he not print
Duckworth’s paper? And does he not print
it in Atlanta? Such is my information.
Farmers! They are handing lots of lies
these days.
(And they are greatly encumbered and em
barrassed by their tails.)
Lookout, Christian Index!
The average American, whether Celt or
Saxon, loves fair play. All over this land,
and in Great Britain, when two or more men
are about to double-team on one, he has only
to call to the bystanders, “See me a fair fight.”
in order to get it. There will always, in such
cases, be volunteers.
Now, The Christian Index is ignoring this
deep-seated and universal feeling. It allows
anybody and everybody to assail my position,
on Foreign Missions; and it will not permit
any one to defend me. or set me right.
That is unfair, AND UNCHRISTIAN.
It refused me a hearing. It refused Miss
Leonora Sheppard. It refused Rev. Dr. E. J.
F orrester.
Dr. Forrester differs from me on the sub
ject, but believes that my side of’it is entitled
to publication.
But no. The Christian Index is determined
PAGE THIRTEEN