children is a crying shame. They say that
there must be bigger families.
Well! Well!! Here’s consistency for you.
Are not. Catholic priests men, even as you and
I are men? Then why don’t they whirl in and
help us people the universe with legitimate
children? What right have THEY to scold
us for not begetting more offspring, when
they themselves are under, contract not to
beget any at all? >
The Bible does not enjoin celibacy upon the
priests. Both in the Old Testament and in
the New Testament, they are encouraged to
marry. Celibacy was a pagan practice, and
the Romish priests borrowed it, just as they
borrowed the tonsure, the kissing of the
Pope’s toe, and the adoration of “Saints”
from the pagans.
1 he Catholic priests not only contribute to
“race suicide" by refusing to become husbands,
but they also do it by persuading tens of thou
sands of young women to become nuns in
stead of wives. The Bible does not encour
age these nunneries. The custom was bor
rowed from the old heathen temples of Venus,
of Vesta, and so forth.
The last persons on earth who ought to de
nounce small families are the Catholic priests.
They have no right to be heard on that sub
ject. They are presumed to know nothing
about it. And even a priest is on dangerous
ground when speaking of a terrestial subject
of which he is ignorant. Celestial topics are,
of course, different.
H H *
Ober In Tennessee.
The Louisville and Nashville railroad is a
power in the land. Its resources are vast, its
appetite for more is ravenous, its arrogance is
superb, and its contempt of public opinion is
magnificent.
When the 52nd Congress had under consid
eration the bill to compel the common car
riers to equip their freight cars with automatic
couplers, it was the L. & N. that led the lobby
which fought the bill. The railroads didn’t
want to spend their money saving the limbs
and the lives of the men who go in between
freight cars to couple and uncouple. The rail
roads wanted to husband their resources, so
that a lot of greedy Wall street rascals might
pocket dividends on stock and bonds which
had not cost them a cent beyond the paper
and the printing of these fraudulent securi
ties.
So, the President of the L. & N. came up
to Washington and took personal command
of the lobby. Quite as a matter of course, he
used, as hi» campaign headquarters, the com
mittee room of Congressman Washington, of
the Nashville District.
Well, we had a long, hot fight, and in the
final round the struggle lasted throughout a
day and night,—but we whipped them at last,
owing to a circumstance which the Record
would disclose if you looked it up.
In Kentucky, the L. & N. has been a despot.
It has ruled that state with a rod of iron.
There was once a strong Kentuckian, who
made war upon this greedy, unscrupulous and
corrupting corporation. Goebel was a fighter,
an organizer, and he wasn’t afraid. He be
came a thorn in the flesh of the L. &N. The
railroads hated him and they feared him. The
intensity of passion which was aroused
throughout “the Dark and Bloody Ground,”
can only be understood by those who have
fought the machine in one of the Southern
States, or in one of the big cities.
And Goebel died. He was shot down like
a dog, from ambush. The L. &N. was glad.
Since then, this corporation, whose supports
reach as far back as the Rothschilds of Lon
don, has had no trouble in managing things
in Kentucky. Few men care to be Goebelled.
In Tennessee also, the L. & N. has been
<sl)e Jeffersonian
supreme. When the Legislature, some years
ago, ventured to create a Railroad Commis
sion, the L. & N. declared war on those who
supported the measure. After the commis
sion was created, the L. &N. defied it. When
the Commission summoned the railroad offi
cials they insolently sent back word “If the
Commission has any business with us, it
knows where our offices are.”
Two years ago, the L. & N. machine had
the fight of its life in Tennessee. The civic
conscience was aroused, and in Carmack the
moral forces of the state found a fearless and
eloquent champion.
But he went down in defeat, and the cor
rupt machines rejoiced. Carmack, however,
was not dead. He rose and came again. He
had only begun to fight. He had no thought
of truce or surrender. He meant to go right
on and smash the Ring.
Establishing a newspaper, he began to ex
pose the foul motives which had brought Pat
terson and Cox and Cooper together. Os Pat
terson we will, at present, say nothing. ()f
Cox it is unnecessary, as yet. to speak. As
Cooper was the instrument of assassination
we will deal with him, solely.
And who is Cooper? He appears to have
had no calling, no trade, no profession. It
was his business to hang around the Tennes
see legislature and to keep down legislation
which the L. & N. did not like. In other
words, he was the hireling of the Wall Street
rascals who were pillaging his own people.
Tor this noble service Cooper was paid $5,000
per year.
He wormed himself into an office, where
estates of deceased citizens were handled.
The chivalrous Cooper made so free with the
funds committed to his care that a defalcation
of SIOO,OOO was confessed
He appears also to have been an accomplice
with Polk in stealing money from the State
'Treasury, to the extent of another SIOO,OOO.
Carmack knew the record of Cooper. Like
wise the record of Patterson. Also that of
Cox. In his paper, he began to show these
men up; and they knew that if Carmack was
not stopped, he would play smash with their
foul combination.
Rather than lose their power, it were better
to do something desperate. And because Char
mack. the dauntless editor, refused to be in
timidated, defied the Ring and continued to
lash the rotten combination, the Coopers
armed themselves, took position where Car
mack could not fail to pass them, and then, as
he was speaking to a lady, hat lifted in salute
to her, they came upon him, as she swore, and
cried “We’ve got you,” and SHOT HIM
FROM BEHIND.
When the Coopers left him, the brilliant
ex-senator was lying deai, face downward, in
the gutter. They didn’t give him a dog’s
chance for his life.
When the farce of the trial shall have ended,
as it almost certain to end, the Cooper's and
Cox and Patterson will be on top, and the at
tempt to drive from power the L. & N. Ring
will cease.
No one else will court the fate of Carmack.
H M *
Ribes Rabes Ober the Hell Case.
We find the following card in the Macon
(Ga.) Telegraph:
‘‘The Bell Case.
“Judge Thomas G. Lawson has rendered a
service to the state and to the interests of our
social fabric by the exposition he has given of
the Bell case. Nothing has done more to
break down respect for law than the mawkish
sentiment that makes emotional and light
headed folks sign petitions to turn loose the
insane and criminal classes to prey upon and
endanger the lives of peaceable, law-abiding
people. The law scored a partial triumph
when District Attorney Jerome was able to
have Thaw remanded to an asylum *or the
criminal insane and justice will be maintained
by keeping him there. If the facts be true, Bell
should be detained for similar reasons. The
writer’s sympathies are with the kinspeople
of even a murderer condemned finally to die,
but sorrow for the innocent should not make
one commit a crime against the public welfare
by signing a petition for clemency in such a
case. Bell's case seems to be a preventive
measure to protect and shield him, while un
accountable, from the commission of crime,
and Judge Lawson deserves the thanks of the
people for so clearly and cogently presenting
the state’s side of the case. It is well when
men of his standing come squarely out in de
fense of law.
“ANDREW P. RIVES.
“Springvale, Ga., Feb. 21, 1909.’’
We advise Citizen Rives to take to the tall
timber, or to scoot for the cyclone pit. George
Bell is loose. He is now ready to prev upon
Andrew Rives, and all other peaceable and
law-abiding people.
Judge Lawson’s service to the social fabric
is all very well, Andrew, but there's lot-'. of
difference between Thaw’s case and that of
George Bell. In spite of the ability with
which the Judge “clearly and cogently pre
sented7 the state's side of the case.” Bell had
to be released. And why? Simply because
the state didn’t have any cause.
Before the Telegraph had time to print An
drew's eulogy on our friend Judge Lawson,
that stern jurist, Judge H. G. Lewis, had been
so overcome by the “mawkish sentiment” in
the case that he had ordered Bell’s release.
The same issue of the Telegraph which con
tained Andrew Rives, his card, contained also
an account of George Bell, his joyous arrival
in Macon, —a liberated and happy man.
The honest Judge who heard the evidence
could not send Bell back to be indefinitely
confined, in the mad-house, for two reasons,
—which we state in simple words, in order
that Andrew Rives may catch on and keep
up:.
First, Bell was not present when the Eman
uel County jury tried him for insanity. Catch
that. Andrew?
Second. Bell is not crazy. Got it. Andrew?
We do not know George Bell personally,
but his father does, and so do his brothers
and his sisters. Whatever these near and dear
relatives may have thought in 1906, they now
believe that George is perfectly sane and en
titled to his freedom. The brother sued out
the writ of Habeas Corpus, the father and the
brother and the sisters were at the final hear
ing, and they all rejoiced in Judge Lewis’ de
cision setting the prisoner free.
At present, George Bell is unquestionably of
sound mind. We trust that he will remain
so. And we certainly hope that he will not
prey upon Andrew Rives, or any other peacea
ble and law-abiding person.
Take something for it, Andrew!
Peruna, for instance.
M *
Another Parson Plays Plr. Watson.
By the time the Foreign Mission enthusi
asts get through with the old man, we fear
that he won’t have much hide left. Week be
fore last, Brother C. H. Branch was pawing
us, over at Lawrenceville; and last week
Brother T. H. Thomson was clawing us,
down in Albany. What little of our scalp
lock was left by Parson Branch has been
snatched by Parson Thomson.
In the last issue of this paper, we endeav
ored to set Brother Branch right. We point
ed out to him that he had misunderstood us.
We trust that he is not now so greatly excited
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE