PAGE SIXTEEN
cur OUT this 'coupon I
tpVk . THEO. NOEL CO., Vitae-Ore Bldg., CHICAGO. ■
■gSH B I Geutlcmem —I have clipped this coupon from B
O 1 MZ / THE JEFFERSONIAN
B 1 x f , want you to send me a full-sized One Dollar H
MB I A F / * ~/] of Vitae-Ore for me to try. I will not
’L I f /w/f you one single penny if it does not
, X benefit me. lamto be the judge. The Rm
I * Jr/ I io!i° w i n d is my address, to which trial
is to be sent by mail, postpaid! I
t’J town. I
F f) [ 3TA7E ———H
B street or ■
Norat Rout S—. , —... ■ ■ ■
| We ba the Rost. Not New, But True TOOMEDICINMM»I
MH Get your scissors or knife aud cut out the coupon. DANIEL WEBSTER once said about a certain
B&a Write your name and address plainly on same and political Idea, “There are lots of new things about ft •■•■•■■■«. ■ ■■■ ■■
mail It to us. We do the rest. This is all we ask, all and lots of true things—the trouble Is the NEW things UOCtOI* Sals lIG Had KIdRSY 313(1 LlVOr Tl*oUbl6«
jg>s we need, for we Just want to know that you need It are not TRUE and the TRUE things are not NEW.’’ * '
E&g and will use It when it comes to you. Ifyouwantto There Is nothing new about VltwOre—you have heard Catarrh find RfflllChitlS. Rilt Did Nftt HAlt) Him.
write a letter, telling us something about your case, of it before--you couldn’t help hearing of it. Its name Udlallil aHU DI Vllollllloy DUI DIM ltd I flcip mull
■I we will be glad to receive it and read It carefully, has appeared In this paper, year after year. You APALONA, IND.—I feel it my duty to tell what Vitae-
■Sgfl but you don’t need to unless you want to, for the may not have read our offer, nor answered it, but you Ore has nrrnmnlishod far mo For the last twenty vpsts
W OmBTUUITMI. y„,d..' ln([ ourtt to h»ve done ... Our otter 1. 0,1. advertUe- fta^SaFlkinds of m“diclne, but at“o tIm?ScSVJd
BgT| any money, don’t need to send any stamps, for the meat, the claims we make for Vltre-Ore, the argu- m “I * r siiAit temnnrarv sp ies Three v Pa rq T
■8 trial Is AT OUR EXPENSE—NOT YOURS. We ments we give, are not new, but IT IS ALL TRUE. years ago 1
Mg, believe In Vit»e-Ore and are willing to back our belief You have but to write, to send for It, to direct that . *' rea >t'pa® n *' Iro .B? best
MK with OPR. MONEY and don’t ask you to believe until It be sent to you—and It Is sent to you. NO QUES- doctors at Leopold, Indiana. He
gg§ you have seen, until you have felt, UNTIL YOU TIONS, NO QUIBBLING, NO MONEY. If you examined me and gave ashls opinion V
gS KNOW. That’s the kind of remedy Vltse-Ore Is— want to pay for It, all right. If you don’t, YOU that I had Liver and Kidney Trouble, K
®gS that’s the kind of people we are. If you want to try DON’T HAVE TO. Enough are SATISFIED, Catarrh and Bronchitis. I was at jrfssh jS
MH such a remedy, If you want to deal with people who enough want to pay, ENOUGH DO PAY to make that time taken with a severe pain Sa
Hh don’t want your money unless yon are benefited, if Vltre-Ore’s fame grow from year to year like a green- in my back which he diagnosed as 1 tK?)
K you want to get cured without waste^"{Money, aud bay tree, and It Is because IT IS ALLTRUE. Your Rheumatic Lumbago. I doctored
OKm I" the shortest possible time, USE THE COUPON fellow readers who have sent for a package and with him enntinuallxr and K
H TODAY and start the treatment which your neigh- tested it have proven this. ITS HISTORY IS AN Xntl v fn? flvo month J timl -l£=- wKURM H
K borsand thousands of ethers have followed to success. OPEN BOOK and all will find It ALL TRUE. [ gj j}j® “?©ry short time ani
ir nJL. btmit ■ n »»■ inun iiiiiiii ii in gave Up hope Os 6Vet getting’ Well W 7
■S AnA .. A . , again. Vitae-Orewas recommended lillOßl v Z «
i IF YOU AiE SIOK AUB AILINO, E gri , g-A rf c’rAa^ t |
Mm . . , . , , , . > FOR YOU. How can you, in justice to yourself cured a full treatinent and began
B and your lamily, your friends and those about you, refuse io accept/ How can you refuse to be helped Immediately to use it according to
to the help you want? WE TAKE ALL THE RISK! Read our trial oiler, and mail the coupon today! directions. As aresult, my suffering is now a thing Os the
— „„ r — trn - Tn , I „ MWMWM , past, and my cure is a permanent one, as this oecured
fifteen months ago, during which time I have felt as well
s a B ■ ■ a9 I ever did in my life and continue to so. lam gali
HK Sa! E g&Jr fcsO h h’L.v H iMh ■ B M Q fi Bfi forty-four years old. My wife also has reason to praise it Kr
■ *■ " Bill B *>-■ -y Ha g as strongly as I have, she having been cured by Its use of l&J
- » B ■■ ■ ffi W’ w® ss a Stomach Trouble. I conscientiously believe that Vitas-
iJfjgOtilSe XX JTU • B jfITX ■ Ore has saved my life. Joseph L. Meunieb.
m Doctored 15 Years with 11 Doctors for Stomach, OU UMj I llal UWI n An Aid To Nature I
Heart, Kidney and Female Troubles. WE WANT TO SEND you a full-sized One Dollar package of I Nothing is more wonderi’ul than the economy of nature, the H
, Vitas-Ore, enough for 30 days’ continuous treatment, by mail, natural forces that work in the body, day and night, waking or Mia
postpaid, and we want to send it to vou on to davs* trial. We s.eeping. to recuperate from exhaustion, to eliminate what has gB
DAWSON, Texas.— l bless the day that I sent for a don’t want n nenny—we just want vou to trv it iust want a served its purpose, to supplant decayed tissues with healthy Eati
trial treatment of Vitas-Ore, for my health is better wor s fr * as ki n rr for it mid w?H be to in material, to supply new strength and energy for that which has
|m now than it has been for years. I have suffered so take ahsolutelv al! the Xk w A tnk» bcen expended. It is t’ae same vital force that is at work in all O
H long and so much for fifteen years, at times almost e a ‘ U se f °T £ !,° f \ lfe In the whole univeree, both vegetable or animal, and H
M| death. I had consulted and doctored with no less I® n<v if ft has helped vm/if Sitic no better term can be applied to it than “the economy of nature.”
HM than eleven doctors during that time the best that 30 days and pay us >I.OO if it has helped you, ifyou are satis* for it is truly management without loss or waste.” And it is an
» con iJT b e g had in this vicinit v but ’ ie . d *?“* JtS® 8 d ° n , e y< J? , m ° re . than s, ’°° worth of Positive, economy which is not parsi tnony, for nature gives generously for
thev couldn’t hid n ineVt ■<! y F»?h actual, visible good. Otherwise you pay nothing, we ask all the normal duties of life, when her generosity is not abused,
nnntinutort n rliffOTnnfr nil nothing, we want nothing. Can you not spare 100 minutes But it is an economy, which like all other economies, must hK
during the next 30 days to try it? Can you not give 5 minutes have all its workings in perfect harmony, and is of little value MM
Lnent anti none seem <1 to make I O wr f or 5 minutes to properly prepare it upon Its when there is a LEAK somewhere, when there is a DRAIN which
out 3US a wljat nay trouble really arrival, and 3 minutes each day for 30 days to use it. That unnaturally depletes the resources. Its usefulness is Impaired
;i s« Some saia it was Female is all it takes. Cannot you give 100 minutes time if it means when some organ refuses to perform its share of the work and
..-fc v? Trouble and I was therefore oper- new health new strength new blood new force newenerw does not properly co-operate in the great natural mechanism
®A A IT ated ou for same > but SOt no relief. | if e akd ’ You bTthe iudv! Wc ably controls life, health and all vital energy.
/ I then doctored for Stomach. «tisfiedl with vou? d^islon f are wHhn Jto K When this bodily condition presents itself, and nature, by some
/ Rheumatism and Heart Trouble “Y® h nn^ lt abnormal manifestation, is proclaiming her need of assistance.
ia with the same disannointlng re- £° Ur «s*2!l Or ’ * Oy n Jr 4 Jd u O J e xM*’ o, .x n ?* V.-O. has Vitae-Ore steps into the breach as an effective aid to nature, to
Fults I suffered ten thousand benefited you. Read what Vit®-Ore Is, and write for it today. assist her in her work of recuperation, to help whip recreant
m de-tha M v Kidneys were in an MWMBnMMMwwaMMMMMMMOManaiw forces and organs into line, to provide nature with materials she
B nwtel fiv* ?hev wnn% W a!t demands and tools she needs in her reconstructive work. As all
i&iyl ■*7 *A£'aJiA a si a Afl’T’Aß? I know, if we bruise the skin on any partof the body, nature imme-
Bs . -| <tnJ thick wltn W'Stf 8 8 S w■ S fc£ CJB | diately starts her healing’ processes, but if the blood is poor and
■■ sediment and blood. 1 would have sinking speils and "®■ "" ■ ? vitality low, if the proper materials for nature’s work are not in
my Heart would palpitate so terribly that I thought Vitaa-Ore is a mineral remedy, a combination of substances the body, the wound heals slowly and complications may ensue— B
my time had come. A terrible paiu would start in my 0 from which many world’s noted curative springs derive help nature, and the work is speedily accomplished. Nature is a
left hip and go down my left leg and I would froth 3 medicinal power and healing virtue. These properties of perfect mechanic and a most wonderful artisan, the like of which
at the mouth like one in a fit. I would vomit every S the springe come from the natural deposits of mineral iu ail man’s inventive genius has been unable to successfully coun
KM day for weeks at a time and often could not retain § the earth through which water forces its way, only a very terfelt, but like all mechanics, she needs proper materials for her
KM even water on my stomach. Two packages of Vitas- I small proportion of the medicinal substances in these mln- wor * „ ■2 a . nnot P erfo -JS* , .•
Ore did more for me th;in JiCO.OO worth of the other I eral deposits being thus taken up by the liquid. Vitas-Ore taint ?? « Ifc c 2MH
mH medicine I bad taken. 1 feel better than I have for | consists of compounds of Iron, Sulphur and Magnesium, by nature
fifteen years, sleep like a child, can eat well and have I elements which are among the chief curative agents in materialfit promotesheaTthin those organTunon whichhtai th
gained in weight, row weighing 147 pounds. lam nearly every healing mineral spring and are necessarv for the entire b<iiy is dependent. Whenevef there“istalnWomS E@
M| thirty-three years old. xMy periods arc no loiTger the creation and retention of health. One package of this symptom, Vine-Ore assists nature to remedy the disturbance HI
painful, although formerly they caused me such pain mineral substance, mixed with water, equals iu medicinal which causes It. It is a vitalizing, tonic, healing, corrective and
M that I would have to lie in bed; my kidneys now feel strength and curative, healing value, many gallons of the strengthening force that arouses nature to correct action in vital
sound. lam forever trying to induce sufferers to world’s powerful mineral waters drunk fresh at the springs. functions. It acts always in a natural way, by assisting nature to
use Vitse-Ore ami thus repay some of the debt of A■ 11 properly perform functions which are always properly performed ESI
■ gratitude I owe to it. . mabx e. hobebts. For UOW 10181081 and External Use, ■
— ■llWgllll ajl gj
Rh«?un>a<»sn«» or any Kidney, Bladder or Liver Disease, Dropsy, a Stomach ni« nk <d A r~ Ml
fr- r*frvm Female Ailments, Functional Heart Trouble, Catarrh ol An*" par
Anaemm, Sores and Ulcers, Constipation, Piles or Other Bowel Trouble, Impure Blood, or are lust Run-Down or
30-day trial treatment oi Vitae-Ore right away and see what this remedy will do for you. ADDRESS US AS FOLI OWSs° *’ 1 |
|THEO. NOEL CO., vn i^°& s . CHICAGO, ILL. J
<3bfc Jeffersonian