PAGE TWELVE
BROTHER TYSON STILL UNHAPPY.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
have denounced the wrong “immediately.”
He did.
Now mark you. neighbor, this criticism of
Hoke was published in November, 1907. That
was several weeks before Watson appeared
before the Governor to ask that Glover be
given a life sentence.
As a fair-minded man. Bro. Tyson is bound
to admit the force of this. Watson did not
begin a war on Gov. Smith after he had re
fused to save Glover’s neck. The war had
already begun before the Glover case came
before the Governor. Look up the old files of
the weekly Jeffersonian, if you doubt it.
In other words, 'Watson opposed Smith
each time that he went wrong. He opposed
the increase of the number of Railroad Com
missioners, believing that a reform Governor
was making a mistake in adding so much to
the expense of that tribunal. He censured
Smith for not calling the extra session in 1907.
as he had promised. He thought Smith was
very wrong in wanting to run for the Senate
before his first term was out. and he refused
to support Hoke in that breach of faith.
It was after Hoke knew that Watson was
against his then candidacy for the Senate that
he acted on the Glover case, refusing to com
mute the sentence to life imprisonment.
Commutation was asked upon the ground
that Glover was a crack-brained man who had
been “railroaded through,” instead of being
fairly tried. He had been a militant Pop, of
the Old Guard, a Watson man to the back
bone. and the Augusta Ring “had it in for
hi<n.” He was in their power, and they
showed him no mercy. The next time Bro.
'Tyson is in Augusta, let him ask Capt. George
Hood, the jailer, to give him the names of the
clergymen who prepared Glover for his death,
and let him ask those men their opinion of
Glover’s sanity. 'The board of physicians ap
pointed by the Governor to examine the con
demned man reported him as decadent and
defective.
He Killed a woman —his paramour—in the
heat of a frightful tempest of passion,—killed
her brutally, and he richly deserved heavy
punishment. But being a man of unbalanced
mind, and the crime not being one of pre
meditation. Mr. Watson thought a life sentence
would meet all the demands of justice.
He thinks so yet. But the Governor said,
in one of his speeches that, as the victim was a
woman, he could not interfere.
Yet he now saves the neck of Millirons. the
man sentenced to death for the rape of a
woman. The law puts murder and rape in
the same class, punishing both with death. No
woman who deserves the respect of good
people would hesitate in her choice if the
dread alternative were presented, of being
shot to death, or being ravished. The right
kind of woman would choose death every time.
Now, this man Millirons subjected his vic
tim to a fate worse than death, and the
Pardon Board refused to lift a finger in his
behalf, but 'Governor Smith grants to him what
was refused to Glover.
Why this discrimination against the Old
Guard Populist? Why was there no relent
lessness in this case, WHEN THE VICTIM
WAS A WOMAN. —just as in the Glover
Case?
Ah. Bro. Tyson, you doubtless know
human nature, and when you ask yourself
the question: “Would Smith have been so
relentless to Glover, if Watson had not cen
sured him previously, and had not refused to
support him for the Senate?” you will have
some trouble in answering it to your own
satisfaction.
In discussing those new rules which were
meant to give the big cities the advantage over
the country counties, Bro. Tyson falls into
error. No change of system was made an
Gb® 3&fftrsonlan
issue in the campaign, and if Candidate Smith
ever mentioned the matter in his speeches, we
never heard of it. Mr. Watson did not know
that there was such a plank in the Macon
platform until the new rules were formulated
in 1908. As soon as he saw what the new
rules were, he realized how they endangered
the country counties, and he immediately de
nounced them. Bro. Tyson is the only man,
so far as we know, who claims that this revo
lutionary scheme against the country counties
was ventilated during the campaign of 1906.
We were right in the thick of that contest and
we never heard a word of it. Had there been
no other reason for not supporting Hoke
the second time, that would have been suf
ficient. As to how Hines, Wright, Pendleton,
Hanson, etc., stood, that’s all fudge. This is
a free country, and we take our position with
out reference to how others may line up.
H * *
The Wesleyan Christian Advocate.
In its issue of April 23, the above named
paper pours a broadside into Mr. Watson.
'The subject is. of course, that delicate ques
tion of the beloved heathen. The editors of
the Advocate are in a righteous rage against
said Watson, and they are giving it to him
hot and heavy.
Dear! Dear! How “tedious” the brethren
are about those heathen ! Loving them better
than they love their own flesh and blood,
they are in danger of becoming as fanatical
about the Chinese and the Koreans as the
Yankees are about the niggers.
In the June number of the Jeffersonian
Magazine, Mr. Watson will answer the Ad
vocate. In doing so, he will not adopt the
discourteous tone nor the unfair tactics of the
reverend editors who have assailed him. He
will not allude to Brother Cofer, or to Brother .
Lovett, as “this man.” and then proceed to
attribute to “this man” words that he did not
use.
“'This man” is quoted as charging, in the
April Jeffersonian Magazine, that “the con
vents are the places of the deepest shame.”
Mr. Watson brought no such charg-e, and
the pretended quotation is not to be found in
the article which these men of God were claim
ing to answer.
In another portion of the editorial against
“this man,” he is represented as sneering at
Young J. Allen and his sacrifices and ridi
culing his intelligence, etc.
Mr. Watson did nothing of the kind. On
the contrary, he spoke in terms of the highest
respect of the courage and consecration of all
the pioneers of foreign missions, such as
Young J. Allen.
If the case for the present system of for
eign missions is so strong, why so much bad
temper, and bad manners and misrepresenta
tion? What is there to get mad about? Why
endeavor to prejudice the minds of the peo
ple by drawing fancy pictures of Mr. Wat
son, “sitting in his magnificent home dictating
to a stenographer.” and putting an overseer
on every farm at a higher salary than mission
ary preachers receive? What has that got
to do with it ?
As a matter of fact, pretty much every*
thing that Mr. Watson has published,—in
book, magazine or paper,—was written with
his own hand; and his house is far from be
ing “magnificent;” and one overseer for his
over-estimated farms is quite sufficient, and
the salary of the same happens to be just a
leetle bit more than half that of a foreign mis
sionary.
M M
Editorial Notes.
By. J. D. Watson.
Even the inhabitants of the Congressional
grave-yard, the members of the Senate, some
times awake (mpugh to engage in repartee
while they are conducting the funeral services
of measures favorable to the people.
The other day, Sen. Elkins twitted Sen.
Gore because 10 years ago he was a Populist,
but had changed his opinions and gone over to
the Democratic party.
“Yes, that is true/’ admitted Gore, “but it
was because I have learned more as I have
grown older.”
Then Sen. McCumber had to butt in with,
“The advance made by the Senator from Okla
homa in the last ten years from the Populist
to the Democratic ranks was a forward step.
Within the next few years I hope to see
him complete the advance and come over to
the Republican party.”
Gore was squelched.
What McCumber said of Gore is right to
the point.
If a Populist of ten years ago “advances”
to become a Democrat of today, he has to
“advance” very little more to become a full
fledged Republican.
If going from Jeffersonian Democracy to
present day Democracy is “advancing,” the
Republican party, —the Platts, the Forakers,
the Depews, the Aldrichs —the entire crowd of
trust servants have been “advanced” for years.
The poor Democrats have been over forty
years in admitting that it is an “advance” from
Jeffersonian Democracy, under Jeffersonian
leaders, to their present day Democracy under
the leadership of such men as Aldrich and his
high tariff Republicans.
“What is a Democrat?” asked the “New
York World” soon after the last campaign.
No two answering this query seem to agree
as to what is a Democrat.
Even the “Conservative Democrat” differs
with his brother “Conservative.’
One “Conservative” claims to be a Demo
crat of the Cleveland school, while another
Conservative contends that he is not entitled
to membership.
One “Radical Democrat” claims that Mr.
Bryan was a “Radical Democrat” in 1896, but
was not in 1908.
Another “Radical Democrat” says he was
as much a “Radical Democrat” in 1908 as he
was in 1896, but the growth of industries made
a change in ideas necessary to keep apace with
the times.
And so it goes.
It is hard to find two Democrats who agree
as to what is a Democrat.
*
Perhaps some farmer who reads this has
put a setting of duck eggs under a hen.
'The hen will take her brood forth as proudly
as any hen that ever led a brood of prize win
ning “chicks.”
All goes well until she gets them near enough
to the drinking pool for the ducklings to see
the water.
The ducklings, insteiad of only taking a
drink, dive into the pool.
The hen first gives signs of wonder, .then
alarm. She clucks and calls, but the duck
lings pay no attention to her clucks or calls
until they are tired out and hungry.
'Then they will follow the hen to food, but
once their craws are full of dough, back to
the pool, for the ducklings.
How similar the feelings of mother Demo
cracy have been in recent vears to that of the
hen!
She is continually nursing a young brood
of Congressmen.
She proudly leads them to Washington,
where they get a sight of the capitol building.
Then it s a case of the ducklings over again.
Ihe mother may call her ducklings until
they get hungry, which is about election time.
Still the mother hen continues this from day
to day. as Miss Democracy continues it from
\ eai to year, and from generation to genera-,
tion, * * ~