PAGE FOURTEEN
SCHOOLS and COLLEGES
2 ——— - - ;
The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
A School of Dentistry
wK By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State. f Leading School of the South
Large New College Building, Com
jOSSpfi R plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
ra partinent, 'Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
m ®® B npl Demonstrators.
101 l Write catalog and further particulars to
WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S.,Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga. j
T . A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls.
lit It IIS I < Til IV 1 Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
AJWMuI kJ* V V/ Home Life an attractive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
-w -r -w ■■■ t r Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
IVI | I I'lP Board $8 to sl4 per month.
11l Mll 1U 1 A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
For catalog and further iuformation address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
3333320303 . itfiVkMMiiTiii
full College Courses Or and fuZZI
with Music, Painting Information address I
and Elocution. 67th Ses- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
sion Begins Sept. 8, ’O9 or Wm. 5. Cox, Mgr. I
.. .. J
w GEORGIA MILITARY COLLEGE @
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA. Jl
SCHOOL WITH A RECORD
/ Wj Faculty of 17 Teachers
In Im Each a specialist. A.8., B.S. and Com- f
mcrcial Courses. Best Business Course ML '
’ South. Army officer on active list, Com-
I IBM mandant. Discipline like West Point
I 41- I Cadets in barracks. Every facility for
i lESI doing the best work. Cost $165.00 for r|r Ur
kMb'T y ear —includes two uniforms. Illustrated 1/ vl
catalogs ready—Free.
Address
Box 82 WILLIAM E. REYNOLDS, President
S24.7S—SCHOLARSHIP—S24.7S
Three Months’ Course of Bookkeeping or Shorthand
Typewriting, $24.75, payable on enrolling; only $1.90 a
week thereafter.
Six Months’ Combined Course of Bookkeeping and
Shorthand and Typewriting, $48.75, payable on enroll
ment; only $1.90 a week thereafter.
Life Scholarship for Bookkeeping or Shorthand and
Typewriting Course, includingauxilliary branches, $36.00,
payable on enrolling.
Monthly Rate, only $9.00, payable in advance.
Send Money Now. If you cannot enroll before Au
gust 31, send money at once, $36.00 for Life Scholarship
Single Course, or $68.00 for Life Combined Course, and
will teach you by mail FREE, until you are ready to enroll.
ARTHUR C. MINTER, Manager
Draughon’s Practical Business College
ATLANTA, GEORGIA
Gljfc 3erfersoituift
Build Cotton Factories in
the South
(Concluded from Page 2)
In making their cotton into cloth
at home the animal instinct of the
natives of dark Africa stands them
in better stead than the intelligence
of the Caucasian farmers of the
South, w’ho let their cotton circum
navigate the globe before it reaches
them in the shape of clothing.
Fourth. Raising cotton and selling
it at no profit to supply the factories
of the world is unbusineess-like, to
say the least.
Fifth. If there is any profit in
manufacturing cotton and selling the
goods, let the profit carry some bene
fit to the man who raises the cotton.
The South would be richer by at
least three times $600,000,000 each
year.
Sixth. The South has all the fa
cilities and advantages for the busi
ness. The cotton is right here at
hand, only to be hauled from the gin
to the factory. Much of the waste
and damage that occurs from moving
and handling would be obviated.
There is timber, both for building
and for fuel. The soil is suitable for
making brick and concrete, besides
rock and granite, in the northern
part. There is enough iron and coal
(if it can be kept out of the hands
of the trusts). There is plenty of
water-power going to waste. (It is
not the kind of water with which the
railroads dilute their stocks.) Navi
gable rivers and railroads traverse
the country and good harbors indent
the coast. The climate is such as to
make it a good country to live in.
The days are long enough the year
round for all work purposes. The
soil will produce anything a hungry
man wants to eat, and at less cost
than in any other part of the world.
Factories would increase the number
of non-producers and thus furnish a
market for farm and garden eatables.
Operatives could work for less wages,
because the cost of living is cheaper.
The weather is seldom cold enough
to require anything heavier than cot
ton goods. Making the low grade
cotton into cotton bagging would
take the low grades off the market —
on which cotton quotations are most
ly based. Substituting cotton bag
ging for jute would reduce the cost
of packing thirty-five cents a bale.
In short, if this country had been
built for manufacturing purposes, it
could not have been any more com
plete. Aside from cost of machinery,
manufacturing could be carried on
in the South at less than half what
it requires in some countries. In this
last estimate we allow other coun
tries all they save in stravation
wages, working children for next to
nothing, and what they save in their
unholy twenty-four hours a day
schedule.
Seventh. The seventh reason is by
no means least. If the people of the
South do not begin the manufactur
ing business, in less than twenty-five
years Northern and foreign capital
will have come in and taken the
business out of their hands. The
factories of the South should be
built and owned by Southern capital
and run in the interests of the South
as a section. They should be con
ducted on humane and Godly plans,
Tobacco Kills
FACE TO FACE WITH DEATH.
There’s nothing that can be said in
favor of the tobacco habit. It’s expen
sive; filthy; injurious to health—posi
tively dangerous. Nicotine is a deadly
poison witness the thousands of
deaths from tobacco heart, tobacco
cancer, from diseases of stomach, liv
er, kidneys that had their start in to
bacco poison.
“Easy-To-Quit” is a positive, abso
lute “stopper” for any tobacco habit.
It is a vegetable remedy and any lady
can give it secretly in food or drink.
It is harmless; leaves no reaction or
bad effects, and it stops the habit to
stav stopped.
Mothers, save the young smoker’s
brain, he cannot do it himself. Wives,
sisters and sweethearts, help save the
mind, body and future of some one
who is near and dear to you. Without
your help it may not be done.
FREE PACKAGE OFFER
Fill out the blank lines below with
your name and address, cut out and
send it to us, we will send you abso
lutely free, by mail, in plain wrapper,
a trial package of “Easy-To-Quit.”
You will be thankful as long as you
live that you did it. Address, Rogers
Drug and Chemical Co., 1186 Fifth and
Race Sts., Cincinnati, Ohio.
NAME
ADDRESS
I
Leaf Tobacco For Sale
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown
by a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist
and firm believer in Thomas E. Wat
son’s deathless principles. Write for
prices to
W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
MILLIONS
of people depend on Baltimore for their
supply of Fruits and Vegetables, which
makes it a good market. If you want
a good House to look after your inter
est, write to
HEWITT & COMPANY
Fruit & Produce Commission Merchants
10 E. Camden St., Baltimore, Md.
We offer liberal commissions to
agents who will handle “Bethany”
and other books.
Young Men,
Learn Telegraphy
Telegraph Operators Are
in Great Demand
BOYS, THIS IS YOUR OPPOR
TUNITY to learn a first-class trade
that pays a good salary every month
n the year. There will be a greater
demand for Telegraph Operators this
Fall and Winter than there has been
for many years past. The prominent
railroads of the South and other
parts of the United States are wri
ting us to qualify as many young
men of good character for their ser
vice as we possibly can. We trust
that the reliable, ambitious boys of
the South will rally to this golden
opportunity.
Our students qualify for service
in only four to six months. We
guarantee positions. Graduates be
gin on $4 5 to $65 per month; easy
and pleasant work; permanent em
ployment; rapid promotion.
Our tuition is reasonable; board
at low rates; Newnan is extremely
healthful; fine climate; excellent
drinking water. Write at once for
our new illustrated catalog. A let
ter or postal will bring it. IT IS
FREE.
SOUTHERN SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
BOX 272 NEWNAN, GEORGIA