As to Mr. Lincoln, the solemnity of his
features in repose is proverbial. Not one of
his portraits wears a smile. Many of them
disclose unfathomable melancholy,—suggest
ing some haunting sorrow or hopeless despair.
Perhaps Mr. Taft has no ambition to enter
the class of our great Presidents. It may be
that he prefers to smile, have a jolly time, and
let things drift.
Many men are built that way.
®] ® ®
Free Love, Social Equality, and
Socialism
I have certainly had no intention of hurt
iyg. anybody’s feelings by my discussions of
Socialism.
As in the case of Foreign Missions, the pur
pose has been to furnish information.
Nevertheless, some very salty letters have
been written me by correspondents who are
dead certain of two things:
(1) That they know all about Socialism;
(2) That I don’t understand it, at all.
The editorial in which I stated that Social
ism led, logically and unavoidably, to Free
Love and Social Equality, has aroused espe
cial indignation.
Some of the brethren, who write to me
about said editorial class me as a deliberate
liar, some as a d—d liar, and others as a Sena
torial-stand-pat-tariff liar.
Well, I’ve heard it thunder before. A man
who has waded through a twenty-year fight
with the Bourbons of the South, Is not to be
flustered and flurried by Socialist anathemas.
The truth is, I have the kindliest feelings
for the rank-and-file Socialist. He wants to
elevate the masses, —and isn’t that what Pop
ulism and Jeffersonian democracy proposes to
do ? Assuredly. Then why should we be
pulling each other’s hair, dividing the reform
ers and insuring victory for the reactionaries ?
It is a pity that we should. But while feeling
a sympathy for the rank-and-file Socialist, I
censure the editor or political leader who de
ceives his following. When Mr. Debs or Mr.
Warren resents the assertion that the Social
ist creed is in deadly hostility to the present
marriage system, they do wrong, for they
know that the assertion is true. When they
dupe the farmers of Texas, Oklahoma, and
Florida into the belief that Socialism does
not mean the entire abolition of private prop
erty, they wilfully and deliberately perpetrate
a fraud upon those men.
And when they denounce the statement that
social equality, with negroes and everybody
else, inevitably results from their creed, they
do a thing which they would not dare to do at
a Socialist meeting in Chicago, in New York,
in Berlin or in Paris.
Why should Southern and Western farmers
and laborers think that I would tell lies on
Socialism? What motive could actuate me
to do such a thing?
The aim of my whole public career has been
to improve the condition of the common peo
ple. My political life has been one long fight
for the under dog.
That spirit is to be found in my every
speech, every book, my editorials and my
votes. It was I who made the Congressional
fight on the Pinkerton Deputy strike-break
ers —battling as resolutely for the laboring
man in Washington as Debs did in Chicago.
But while agreeing with Mr. Debs about
the governmental abuses which now afflict our
people, his remedies shock my common sense
and ideas of morality.
I cannot see any justice in the doctrine
which teaches that every child born into the
world is equal heir to the vast improvements,
which have been made by the industrious, the
talented, the high-minded men of the world.
I reject with horror the proposition that
our marriage system and our home life shall
be dissolved by the social revolution which
removes from the head of the family his du
ties and responsibilities, and which makes the
3effersoaian
family itself the temporary tenant of a house
that can never become a home.
And I reject with instinctive loathing, un
utterable disgust, the suggestion that the hu
man race shall lose all that it has gained by
self-restraint, —by the curbing of sexual in
dulgence,—and shall lapse into the system of
savage free-mating, unbridled promiscuity,—
a debasing condition of things in which the
child would have a nobody for its mother and
everybody for its father.
If it alienates my best friends, I must ex
pose and attack Socialism. It is a duty.
When I see honest Southern men going blind
ly into this European mess, I must speak out.
In the October number of the Jeffersonian
Magazine, will commence a series of articles
on Socialism, in which I will prove every
thing that has been said against it in previous
editorials.
Just as I made out the case against the For
eign Missions methods of today by using their
own books, so the evidence against Socialism
will be taken from Socialist books.
® El ®
A Big Post in a Little Hole
The Washington (D. C.) Post is one of
the great metropolitan dailies. As Mr.
Wititterly said about his wife, it “forms and
expresses a vast variety of opinions on a vast
variety of subjects”.
One of the matters about which the Post
formed and expressed an opinion was the Ru
ral Free Delivery of Mail. Sermonizing
upon this topic to the edification of mankind,
the Post declared that Pickier of South Da
kota was the daddy of the brat.
Whereupon the Post received a kind offer
from me to donate SSOO to any Washington
City charity, provided the Post could estab
lish by competent testimony the paternal
rights of said Pickier.
The Post held its breath for a few days, put
sleuths on the trail, and finally came out with
an editorial, “Keep Your Money, Tom”. Ad
mitting that the statement concerning Pick
ier was erroneous, the editor fished up Gen.
Bingham, of Pennsylvania, and said that he
was the father of the R. F. D.
Os course that drew another vastly polite
note from me. I told the editor that if he
would examine the Bingham resolution he
would find that it merely authorized the
Postmaster General to experiment with the
R. F. D. in towns and villages, whereas my
resolution, a year later, made it compulsory
on the P. M. G. to experiment with R. F. I).
outside of towns and villages.
This vastly polite but annoying missive
again caused the Post to breathe hard.
After waiting some days while it could dig
for something to say, the pulls Webster’s
Unabridged on me, and quotes the definition
of the word “village”. As I understand it,
the Unabridged is introduced for the pur
pose of proving that the difference between
inside the village and outside of it is very
slight. This may seem so to a man living in
Washington City, but the people whose
homes are strung along the lonely country
roads know better.
There was no such law in favor of strictly
rural communities until February 17, 1893.
Gen. Bingham was present when the Chair
man of the Committee of the Whole informed
the House that if my resolution were adopted
it would be new legislation. The General did
not contradict the chairman’s statement, nor
did he speak in favor of my resolution.
Out of that “new legislation” grew the
present R. F. D. system. P. M. G. WiFi iam L.
Wilson, who began the experiments, and Mr.
E. W. Machen, who developed the system, re
ferred to me always as the Congressman who
secured the first appropriation for it.
In the People's Party Paper of February
27, 1893, was an account of the action of Con
gress; and the prediction was made that in a
few years the Government would be deliver-
ing every farmer’s mail to him at his home.
My friends read the editorial with incre
dulity and my enemies denounced it as “one
of Watson’s lies”.
® ® El
The Color Line a World-Wide
Issue
The South African Constitution bill is now
on its way through the British Parliament.
In this Constitution, the whites exclude the
blacks from political privileges. Certain doc
trinaires in Parliament made an attack upon
the bill because it drew the color line.
Mr. Balfour, ex-Premier of Great Britain,
defended it. One statement made by him
ought to be tunneled into the head of every
Negrophile of the North. Answering the
speakers who pleaded for equal political
rights for the negroes, Mr. Balfour declared:
To give equal rights to the blacks would threaten
the whole fabric of civilization.” t
That is just what it would do. God made
them inferior, and the fanatics cannot im
prove on the job. The skull of the typical
negro condemns him to that mental, moral
and spiritual inferiority which was his lot
from the very beginning and which will be
his as long as that skull remains what it ever
has been.
Vardaman of Mississippi is right: the race
issue is so strong that even the poor old de
crepit, discredited Democratic party could
sweep the country if it would come squarely
out “a white man’s Government”. As long
as the blacks vote and hold office, our peace
and our civilization are in jeopardy.
a si h
Mr. Raoul and Socialism
A Florida subscriber ordered his paper
stopped because of the editorial, “Kind
Words for the Socialists”. The irate Flori
dan wrote that he had no use for a paper that
had kind words for “that gang”.
He did not read the editorial, evidently.
Daddy Jim, answering the indignant sub
scriber, made the suggestion that he peruse
what followed the headline. I hope that he
has done so.
The Socialists themselves don’t like that
editorial a bit. In fact, they find it detesta
ble. Several of the brethren have written me
about it. To say that they “cuss me out”, is
stating the truth with a mild conservatism.
One of them, young Mr. Raoul, of Atlanta,
is very much more even-tempered than the
others. He requests that his letter be pub
lished. You will find it elsewhere in this
issue. For the reader’s convenience, I have
cut Mr. Raoul’s article into paragraphs, sep
arately numbered, and have put my reply to
each of his points underneath these numbers.
Please “read after” me and young Mr.
Raoul, and then pass it along to some Social
ist who hasn’t got blood in his eye.
And I do hope my Florida friend will retfd
below the headline, just this once.
El ® ®
How a Great Opportunity Was
Frittered Away
The Georgia Legislature has brought our
great State into national notice, of an un
pleasant sort, by its refusal to ratify the In
come Tax amendment to the United States
Constitution. The national Senate unani
mously recommended this measure, and the
Georgia Senate almost unanimously turned
it down. The national Senate is under the
control of Republicans, and the Georgia Sen
ate is made up entirely of Democrats.
Inasmuch as an Income Tax act was adopt
ed by the Democrats when they had full con
trol of Congress in 1893, and inasmuch as
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE