PAGE FOURTEEN
The populist paper that "rode
THE STORM.”
The Missouri World, published weekly at
Chillicothe, Mo., is a straight Populist paper
and always has been; it is the only Populist
paper that rode the storm which swept out of
existence the many hundred of reform papers
that were published in 1896; it is not a local
paper, publishes no local nexts, but each week
gives the telegraphic news and markets; is as
good for one state as another and circulates
in all the states. Three-fourths of the dele
gates to the recent Populist national conven
tion were subscribers to the Missouri World,
some of them having been subscribers ever
since the paper was established over nineteen
years ago by Dixon & Lankford, who are still
its editors and publishers. The World has
been a supporter of Mr. Watson ever since
he was in Congress, xvanted him nominated
for President in 1896 and helped nominate him
in 1904 and this year. Its subscription price
is 50 cents a year (52 copies). Send stamps,
cash, order, draft, or ypur check. Unregistered
letter at publishers’ risk.
Address,
The Missouri World,
Chillicothe, Mo.
(The Jeffersonian will forward subscrip
tions to the World. In writing the Jefferson
ian just enclose 50 cents and you will get the
World a year.)
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department" gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about citiee in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Celo.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
interest. THOS. E. WATSON,
Thomson, Ga.
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Special Campaign Offer J
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.ls
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.6s
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one years2.ls
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
Get your eye on the Athens Busb
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
* n the State. Positions secured. Fill
W||fefJSLin and mail for 168 page catalog.
Name
Address
c
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
AGENTS WANTED Hborw) tprn»«
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Mature.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS' for $5.
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and wnite, or hand
colored.
W® extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are Interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may re :eive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
Prominent Citizen of Atlanta
Gives Sigh Praise to Chartier
Shorthand Writer.
Bagwell Business College, Georgia’s Leading
Business Training School, Enrolls Fifty
New Pupils in June.
Not only does the Chartier system of short
hand save time, money, and labor, but it
makes a much better stenographer than the
old-line systems. The splendid success of
the graduates of Bagwell Business College has
clearly demonstrated this fact time and time
again.
Dr. R. F. Ingram, candidate for council from
the Second ward, writes voluntarily in behalf
of the efficiency of a nine weeks’ Chartier
pupil.
“Prof. J. O. Bagwell, Atlanta, Ga.
“Dear Sir: In my campaign for council I
have had occasion for quite a lot of steno
graphic work. It w’as my good fortune to
secure in this capacity the services of Miss
Mary Kimbrough, one of your recent graduates.
f
MISS MARY KIMBROUGH.
Stenographer and touch typist after nine
weeks’ study Chartier Shorthand.
“Her efficiency and speed certainly reflect
credit upon your institution. I am glad to offer
this expression of satisfaction over her good
work for me, and over the thorough training
she has received at your hands.
“Very truly yours,
“R. F. INGRAM, D.D.S.”
Positions Secured.
Bagwell Business College received 32 appli
cations for office assistants during the month
of June, and 18 have been received since July
1. Every pupil is placed in a position.
All Commercial Branches Taught.
Thorough, practical, and comprehensive
courses in bookkeeping, shorthand, typewriting,
telegraphy, penmanship, letter-writing, business
law and all commercial branches.
For full information, address
J. O. BAGWELL, President, or
H. W. LEYENBERGER, Vice.-Pres.
198 Peachtree Street.