lions for it, and when I am done reading Mr.
Watson’s papers I hand them around to my
neighbors in order that the blind may receive
their sight, and join the great army of re
formers.
I am eighty-five years old, and haven’t got
much longer to talk, but while I am here to
speak, I want to say that Mr. Watson is one
among the greatest statesmen the United
States has ever produced, and the day is not
far distant when the American people will en
dorse Mr. Watson’s theory of a government
by the people, and for the people, when pred
atory wealth and corporate monopoly will be
knocked out, and the principles of Thomas
Jefferson re-established.
Yours truly,
MINER L. BRADEN.
THOSE NEW YORK THIEVES.
West Union, W. Va., December 18, 1907.
Dear Sir: Your treatment at the hands of
those New York thieves made me so infernal
ly sore that I subscribed, a year ago, for your
monthly Jeffersonian, partly for spite, but I
find I have gotten all my money back in read
ing your editorials, as well as the satisfaction
of helping, by my subscription, make the mag
azine go in spite of their efforts to destroy
i’ and you. Congratulations on its success.
Please find enclosed P. 0. money order for
$2, for which you will please continue my
subscription to the monthly Jeffersonian and
add the Weekly publication, as well.
Yours truly,
A. F. M’CUE.
Madras, Ga., December 19, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $2 for the renewal
of my subscription for the Jeffersonian Mag
azine, and the Weekly Jeffersonian paper. I
don’t want to miss a single copy. I remain,
as ever. Your friend,
M. R. ATTAWAY.
R. F. D. 1.
OLD NORTH “C ALINA.”
Lincolnton, N. C., December 19, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find money order for
$2 for my renewal to both Weekly and month
ly. I am a great admirer of your writings,
and know that you are the best friend the
poor and oppressed have. Would to God that
more men like you would rise up and expose
the rascality of those who sit in high places.
Long may you live to carry on the good work.
May peace and prosperity attend you and
yours. Yours truly,
A. D. BRIDGES.
R. F. D. 2.
“IN BIG LETTERS.”
Augusta, Ga., December 19, 1907.
Dear Sir: I understand you are doing some
scratching on your subscription list, but, little
man, just let me tell you if you dare to let
your pen slip and scatch your humble servant
—by mistake —I’ll certainly get the K. K.’s
after you.
I am sending you $2 to pay subscription for
both your publications for 1908, the Weekly
and monthly. Put me down on the list in
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
BIG LETTERS, and don’t you dare to scratch
unless you just feel like going in the ring and
having a few rounds with one of your best
friends. Yours truly,
H. D. NORRELL.
1159 R. R. Avenue.
P. S. —I have an autograph letter from Gen
eral Washington, and also one from General
LaFayette, and now I want you to receipt
for the $2 enclosed, and I want none other
than your own autograph to that receipt,
please.—H. D. N.
COULDN’T THINK OF BEING WITHOUT
IT.
Johnson, Neb., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: I would not think of getting along
without the Jeffersonian, so please excuse my
negligence in not remitting sooner. Would
not like to have my name dropped from the
list, so enclosed please find P. O. order for
$1.50, and oblige,
Yours still hoping for success,
* W. A. REESE.
RENEWS FOR BOTH.
Brighton, Tenn., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: As my subscription to the mag
azine has expired, and the Weekly Jefferson
ian, also, I send you $2.50 for one year for
both. I am much pleased with both, and do
not want to be without them. Wishing you
success and a prosperous year, I am,
Yours truly,
J. M. HILL.
A MIGHTY LIVE AGENT, THIS.
Paris, Texas, December 17, 1907.
Dear Sir: I have found two more souls that
want to be made happy. Send both Jefferson-
to the following addresses: Nat T. Hol
ley, Paris, Texas; R. W. Clement, R. F. D. 1,
Biardstown, Texas, Lamar county. I hand you
exchange $4. The iron is hot. Now is the
time to hammer.
Your friend,
H. M. M'CUISTIAN.
JIM HALL & SON ARE DULY MOVED UP.
Norwood, Ga., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find check for $5,
for which please set me and my son, W. M.
Hill, at Palm Beach, Fla., right with the
magazine, and move us up as far as check
will go. Don’t let us miss a number.
Respectfully yours,
V JAS. W. HILL.
A CONSTITUENT IN DAYS GONE BY.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $2, for
which send me the Jeffersonian Magazine and
your Weekly Jeffersonian for twelve months.
Renewal. Yours truly,
THOMAS J. VEAL, SR.
THIS IS THE WAY TO HELP.
Dubach, La., December 17, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $4 for my renewal
to Weekly and monthly Jeffersonian; also for
C. A. Heard for the same, postoffice, same (Du
bach, La.). Please send on receipt of money
order. Forward as directed above, and oblige,
Yours truly,
* D. L. GREEN.
P. S. —C. A. Heard is a new’ subscriber.—
D. L. G.
SENSIBLY TAKES BOTH.
Preston, Ga., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find check for $2. This
is my renewal for the magazine, and I also
want you to send the Weekly with it.
Yours truly,
J. F. STAPLETON.
R. F. D. 1.
FROM THE SAGE BRUSH OF IDAHO.
Rupert, Idaho, December 12, 1907.
Dear Sir: Your favor of November 26th re
ceived. I will enclose $2 for renewal to both
publications. I have been receiving both reg
ularly for the last year, and can not find
words to express to you how well I am pleased
with them, I have been in the reform move
ment for sixteen years. I took the New York
Magazine as long as there was a Tom Watson
in it. When there was a “Tom Watson”
only on the cover, I had no more use for it.
I would like to send a club, but we are out
here on a new project, where, as yet, is most
ly a sage brush desert. We have everything
to buy at very high prices, and nothing to
sell. It is all the people can do to live until
they can get their land in shape to make
something. There are a great many social
ists here. They all take the “Appeal to Rea
son.” I only wish I were able to send them
all the Jeffersonians, so they could read and
learn there was something published more
reasonable than the “Appeal to Reason.” I
hand my papers and magazines around to my
neighbors to read. I am doing all I can for
the cause, but, of course, it is very little I
can do without money, which is a very scarce
article on this project. I will send a list of
names for sample copy distribution. Hoping
that you may live long to carry on the good
work, I am, Very truly yours,
J. E. WILFERTH.
CAN’T KEEP HOUSE WITHOUT IT.
Griswoldville, Ga., Dec. 21, 1907.
Dear Sir: I can’t keep house without your
valuable magazines, on account of the Simon
pure Jeffersonian principles they advocate. Be
tween the multiplicity of scoundrels and the
lack of confidence, the country is getting it
where Fowler had the hen. Boys, when you
pass a mail box, take off your hats and thank
Tom Watson for the free rural delivery sys
tem. It’s done more to educate the people in
the rural districts than everything else com
bined since the Civil War. Find enclosed
$5 for renewal for Jeffersonian and Maga
zine for 1908. The Magazine and Jefferson
ian to Sam G. Kitchens, West Lake, Ga.;
also a renewal of the Jeffersonian to R. B.
Kitchens, Macon, Ga., Route 3.
With best wishes for you and yours, I am
with you till the bottom falls out.
W. H. KITCHENS, SR.
z Route 2, Box 10.
PAGE ELEVEN