Speech of Hon. J. Thomas Heflin, of Alabama
In the House of Representatives, December 16, 1908
The House being in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,
and having under consideration the
bill (H. R. 11701) to codify, revise,
and amend the penal laws of the
United States —
Mr. Heflin said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 ask the indul
gence of the House for a short time
while I undertake to reply to the re
marks of the gentleman from New
York (Mr. Fitzgerald). In his de
fense of the New York Cotton Ex
change, an exchange that is sucking
the very lifeblood of the cotton pro
ducers of the United States, he said
the sale of 100,000,000 bales of cot
ton in one season was easily ex
plained; that it was like the sale of
real estate —that one lot would be
sold many times on the same day.
Mr. Chairman, let me show you the
fallaey of his argument. It is ad
mitted that the New York Cotton Ex
change in one season sells a hundred
million bales of fictitious stuff that it
pleases to call “cotton”; this, too,
when the entire cotton crop of the
United States is only about 12,000,-
000 bales. »
When a lot of land is sold, it may
change hands 1,000 times in a week,
but it is the same lot, and you are
not selling a thousand lots when
you have only one. A perfect chain
of title operates from the man who
first bought to the man who last
owned the piece of land, and the de
livery of the title is a delivery of
property. How different is this spec
ulation in cotton futures! We grow
aboiVv 12,000,000 bales, and yet the
New York Exchange puts into com
petition with this real cotton 100,-
000,000 bales in a season, with never
more than 100,000 bales in the city
of New York, and I dare say that
there is not a hundred thousand
bales there today. These gamblers
are selling something that is not in
existence, and they are bringing this
fictitious stuff into competition with
real cotton and are thereby working
great injury to the honest toiler who
produces the cotton. (Applause.)
Mr. Parsons. May I ask the gen
tleman a question?
’ Mr. Heflin. Certainly.
Mr. Parsons. I wish the gentle
man would explain how it is that the
transactions of the New York Cotton
Exchange affect the price of cotton.
I have been endeavoring to get some
explanation of that and I have been
unable to do so.
Mr. Heflin. I will reply briefly to
the gentleman. It affects it in this
way: The members of the exchange
offer for sale and sell something that
they call cotton.; no delivery is made,
their sales do not in any way aid the
producer, because no demand is made,
on him for real cotton, and real cot
ton does not figure in the excha?ge
transactions. One gang will bet that
the price of cotton will go up and Uw-*
other gang will bet that the price will
go down, and the price that they fix
upon the fictitious stuff becomes the
price of the real cotton, and the pro
ducer is robbed annually of millions
of dollars. It is simply gambling,
and the men who want cheap cotton
join forces with the bears, and these
forces united constitute a greater
power than their competitors, the
bulls, and the price of cotton goes
down and down without regard to the
law of supply and demand. And yet,
Mr. Chairman, some of the gentle
men tell us that the gamblers’ ex
change is necessary to the cotton bus
iness and is the friend of the pro
ducer. Is the lion the friend of the
lamb, and does his existence promote
the happiness and well-being of the
lamb? If so, the gambling exchange
is necessary to the happiness and well
being of the cotton producer. The
exchange, as conducted today, is a
stupendous vampire sucking the in
dustrial lifeblood of the cotton pro
ducer. I have seen the gamblers, in
their effort to reduce the price of cot
ton, quote the price at 9 cents when
spot cotton was actually selling for
10' cents, and I have seen the bears
whip the huA and reduce the price
of cotton 1 cents per pound in a
single day. ‘vme read to the gen
tleman from N. \ York what the At
lanta Journal li; \to say about the
fluctuations in th A price of cotton,
caused by the present conduct of the
cotton exchange. It says:
“The fluctuations in the market
come without apparent cause; it is
not a question of increase or de
crease in the crop or in the world’s
call for the raw or manufactured
product; it is purely a question of
strength between two sets of gamblers
lined up in opposition each to the
other; it is an out and out subver
sion of the law of supply and de
mand.”
And another has said:
“All the producer asks is the elim
ination of this artificial element on
the trade and the restoration of the
natural law of supply and demand.
It is not an unreasonable demand; its
fulfillment will affect no legitimate
interest. It is purely a question of
justice to the producer of the great
est of American crops. That justice
may be tardy, but it is decreed and
its coming is inevitable.”
And another has truly said:
“But the opportunities that have
been given to men who neither grow
nor spin cotton, nor are legitimately
interested in its distribution, to bring
about ruinous fluctuations in the price
of raw materials is an evil more pre
judicial to the cotton business than
any other which now exists.”
Again he says:
“The great cotton industry does
not exist for the cotton exchange.
The cotton exchanges should only be
allowed to exist in so far as they
contribute to the welfare of the legit
imate business of growing and manu
facturing cotton.”
Mr. Pargas. Will the gentleman
yiekJx'Wm a not her question ?
***j\lr. Heflin. In a moment. I would
ask the gentleman from New York,
Suppose some man on the stock ex
change, who had no right to do so,
should rise in his place and offer to
sell Pennsylvania Railroad stock. Im
mediately those holding the stock
Jeffersonian
would cry out against it. They would
say that to put it on the market
would seriously affect the stock, and
it is not for sale at this time.
The Chairman. The time of the
gentleman has expired.
Mr. Heflin. Mr. Chairman, I ask
unanimous consent for five minutes
more.
The Chairman. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. Heflin. What would be the
situation then?
Mr. Parsons. If the gentleman
please, that is just what is done. He
is perfectly free to do that if he can;
but if he tries to get the stock at a
lower price than he should pay, the
people who have it will not sell. There
are always two conflicting forces —
those -who want the stock to go higher
and those -who want it to go lower.
Mr. Heflin. The gentleman, is mis
taken in a part of his contention; but
suppose it is done as he says it is,
and that is, if the railroad stock is
sought at a lower price than the own
ers think it should bring, they will
not sell. The gentleman has made
clear the point that I was trying to
make, and that is that the real own
ers of the railroad stock will not sell
unless they desire to do so. But how
is the owner of cotton treated? lie
is not consulted at all about the hun
dred million bales of fictitious stuff
sold in the New York Exchange an
nually. He is forced, under the law,
to stand and see ruinous prices pro
duced by the gamblers in the ex
change, who never tilled the soil or
saw a cotton field. (Applause.)
Mr. Adair. Will the gentleman
yield to a question?
Mr. Heflin. Certainly.
Mr. Adair. Is it not a fact that the
Pennsylvania Railroad stock is sold
on these exchanges by men who do
not hold a dollar’s worth of stock,
the same as cotton?
Mr. Heflin. No, sir; except through
some broker or member authorized to
sell.
Mr. Fitzgerald. Now, does the gen
tleman believe that Mr. McCarra is
anxious to have the price of cotton
go up to have spot cotton increased?
S’ersonal To Rheumatics
I want a letter from every man and woman in America afflicted with
Rheumatism, Lumbago or Neuralgia, giving me their name and address, so
I can send each one Free A Ono Dollar Bottle of my Rheumatic
Remedy. I want to convince every Rheumatic sufferer at my expense that
my Rheumatic Remedy does what thousands of so-called remedies have
failed to accomplish— ACTUALLY CUKES RH EUMATI9M.
I know it does, I am sure of it and I want every Rheumatic sufferer to
know it and be sure of it, before giving me a penny profit. You cannot
co^ x . Rheumatism out through the feet or skin with plasters or cunning
metal contrivances. You cannot tease it out with liniments, electricity
or magnetism. You cannot Imagine it out with mental science. You
Must Drive It Out. It is in the blood and you must Go After It
and Get It. This is just what Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy doos and
latism. Rheumatism is Uric Acid and Uric Acid and Kuhn’s Rheumatic
her in the same blood. The Rheumatism has to go and it does
he sharp, shooting pains, the dull, aching muscles, the hot, throbbing,
d. stiffened, useless joints, and cures thorn quickly,
t PROVE IT ALL TO YOU
t. I will prove much In One Week, if you will only write and ask my
lar bottle FREE according to the following offer. I don’t care what form
>r how long you have had it. I don’t
’ou have used. If you have not used Z'
a real Rheumatic Remedy will do. Z/ / I Z Z. -■»
and writs to us Immediately.
$7.00 BOTTLE FREE!
1 Rheumatic Remedy, to learn for yourself that Rheumatism can be cured
he trial. A fair test is all we ask. If you find it is curingyour Rheumatism
a complete your cure and thus give us a profit. If it does not help you. that
small sample vial, containing only a thimbleful and of no practical value,
, selling regularly at drug-stores for One Dollar Each. This bottle is
: le Sam to carry it to your door. You must send us St Cl cents to pay
packing and this full-sized One Dollar Bottle will be promptly sent you
There will be nothing to pay on receipt or later. Don’t wait until your
;< by Rheumatic Poison, but send today and get a One Dollar Bottle free,
rally and only to those who send the Sd> cents for charges. Address
J, DEPT. F. Y. HOYHE & NORTH AYES., CHICAGO.
Mr. Heflin. I do not think *he
would like to see it go up.
Mr. Fitzgerald. He wants to see
it depressed, does he not?
Mr. Heflin. As a rule the spinner
wants to buy the raw material as
cheaply as he can, and the producer
wants to buy the finished product as
cheaply -as he can; but he has no
gambling exchange to help him in this
matter.
We want a fair price for our cot
ton, but on account of the conduct
of the exchanges we are not receiving
it now.
Mr. Chairman, the producer must
be relieved of the outrageous and
destructive competition to which he
is now subjected by the speculator
who offers upon the exchange a fic
titious product which he can not and
does not intend to deliver. These
gambling exchanges buy and sell a
fictitious product, and the price they
fix determines the price of the entire
cotton crop. This obnoxious method
deprives the fanner of his right to a
voice in fixing the price of this im
portant product—a right which is ac
corded other producers.
The South wants an honest market
and such prices as will follow the
unhampered operation of the law of
supply and demand. We want to re
turn to the principle which is as old
as commercial intercourse itself, and
that is this: That the seller shall be
compelled in good faith to deliver
the commodities sold at the time and
place specified in the contract. —Con-
gressional Record.
TOO LONG A ROUTE.
During a recent examination of ap
plicants for the position of mail car
rier, a colored boy appeared before
the Civil Service Commission.
“How far is it from the earth to
the moon?” was the first question
asked him.
“How fah am it from de ears to
de moon?” he repeated, as he began
to reach for his hat. “'Say, boss, if
yon’s gwine to put me on that route
I don’t want de job.”—Circle Maga
zine.
PAGE FIVE