PAGE SIXTEEN
TOM WATSON MELON—72 POUNDS
The best all-round melon grown in
Georgia. It has every good quality of
the famous Georgia Rattlesnake and is
superior to that variety in that it is
almost free from rotten ends. It is a
much better shipping melon, and it is
a much better keeper. It is superior
to the KLECKLEY MELON in that it
grows much larger and has all the
sweetness of that variety.
I have been growing melons for the
market for the past twenty-five years
and have tried all of the varieties
known in Georgia, and have no hesi
tancy in saying that the TOM WAT
SON melon comes nearer meeting
every requirement than any variety I
ever saw. I consider the seed to be
worth their weight in gold.
One-fourth pound $ .40
One-balf pound 75
One pound 1.35
Five pounds 6.50
Express prepaid. Address:
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
Fvirginia I
| HOMES I
aj you are looking for an even ■
S| O 4||> climate, no extremes, long, H
E ® si pleasant summers; uerer a
p JK.M prostrution or a sunstroke, '
short and mild winters, either
M to do successful, general farming, or m
0 raise all kinds of fruits, berries, gar- g|
R den truck, poultry, peanuts and cot
yS ton; so to say, the largest variety of k
I crops, profitably, or for a change to ||
recuperate from long, cold winters, y
and regain health, send 25 cents for B
a yearly subscription to the
I Virginia Farmer I
I Dept. K K Emporia, Va.
HMHBHHBHHBBBHHnBBBBHaE
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist. Ad
dress: Publisher Humorist, St. Louis,
Mo. In ordering your reading matter.
don’t fail to Include the Humorist
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown by
a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. Write for prices
to W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
LET ME HELP YOU &&&£% I
My Mission is to make sick women well, and I want to send you, your daughter, your '» - •&k r '3j
sister, your mother, or any ailing friend a fall fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs abso- k -V;.y Rg
S lutciy free. It is a remedy that cures Woman's ailments, and I want to tell you all \
fff about It — just howto cure yourself right at home without the aid of a doctor—and the \
M best of it is that it will not in the least interfere with your work or occupation. Balm of
Figs is just the remedy to make sick women well and weak women strong, aud I can prove
it — let me prove It to you —I will gladly do it, for 1 have never heard of anything that
does so quickly and surely cure woman’s ailments. No internal dosing necessary —it is a
■ local treatment, yet it has to its credit some of the most extraordinary cures on record.
H Therefore, I want to place it in the hands of every woman suffering with
HE any form of Leucorrhca, Painful Periods. Ulceration, Inflammation, >SgwßSjj|BffWW ?&< gp
Displacement <>r Falling of th© Womb, Ovarian or Uterine Tumors or ' f | y
H Growths, or any of the weoknxses jO common to women. f ’ '
| This fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs jS" 7
will not cost you one cent
I will send it t<i you absolutely free, to prove to you its splendid quali- J Sj’ A/
gB ties, and then if you wmh to continue further, it will cost you only a few y / jMBBMH
cent s a week. Ido not b -licvo there is another remedy equal to It
« Balm of Figs ami lam willing to ptol’C my faith by sending out jfNHKT
Fl these fifty-cent boxes free. So, my reader, irrespective of your jgSHp
H past experience, wrih) to mo at once—today — and I will send BM
you the treatment eotuxly free by return mail, and if you so fpEarfn > I
desire, you to some one near you who can ■■■ df k
M personally testify to and lasting cures that have resulted MMcWI <y.\a
H from the use of Balm (Wigs. But after all, the very best test VjMk XgMaffiL I/■
of anything is a personal trial of it, and 1 know a fifty-cent box ~*) Ej
M of Balm of Figs will convince you of its merit. Nothing is so Wig
E| convincing as the actual lest of the article itself. Will you give
g$ Balm of Figs this tost ? Write to mo today, and remember I will rai
gladly send you a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs for the asking. Address 5d
fc MRS - HARRIET M. RICHARDS, Box 356 D Joliet, Illinois.
“THE CATHOLIC HIERARCHY IN
POLITICS’’
Constitutes one of the Chapters
of Watson’s “HANDBOOK.”
See 'advertisement elsewhere in this
issue.
Some Congressmen-elect profess to
be anxious to replace Mr. 'Cannon
with a more modern and up-to-date
man. The Republicans, of course,
have a majority and if they can agree
in caucus on a successor to Mr. Can
non they can elect him. But they
have not such an overwhelming ma
jority, and those not favorable to Mr.
Cannon by combining with the Demo
crats and voting for a genuine tariff
reformer can elect a Speaker of the
House. Os course, there is not the
slightest prospect-that they will do
this, but why should not the House
of Representatives show some of the
independence that is relieving the
monotony of partisan politics through
out the country?—The Mason Herald,
Mason, Texas.
A TRIAL ANYWAY.
A Scotchman stood beside the bed
of his dying wife, and in tearful ac
cents asked was there anything he
could do for her.
“Yes, Sandie,” she said. “I’m
hoping you’ll bury me in Craeburn
kirkyard.”
“But, my lass,” he cried, “only
think of the awful expense! Would
ye no be comfortable here in Aber
deen?”
“No, Sandie; I’d no rest in my
grave unless I were buried in Crae
burn.”
“It’s too much you’re askin’,”
said the loving husband, “and I can
not promise ye ony such thing.”
“Then, 'Sandie, I’ll no give you
ony peace until my bones are at rest
in my native parish.”
“Ah, weel, Maggie,” said he, “I’ll
gie ye a three-month trial in Aber
deen an’ see how ye get along.”—
Philadelphia Ledger.
If you want post cards from all
over the world, read our wonderful
offer, and become a member of the
Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange.
djc Jeffersonian
1 his Year Will Make History For or
Against the Farmers
•he panic brought on last fall by the combined money interns-s >,,? bn! the first erest ha.it’a
aynius oiganized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief obiect cf attack te
if you are a farmer y u are Wally interested i - this great combs'.
r’r. / he paper , 14 cognized champion t f the hosts of organized farmers is The National
rXd jt ! / s J xen removed from Dallas to Ft. Wort“ Text, and f 8 pub*
journal of? theotg’mTzaUon gjnefa'y® Panners ’ Union of Texas ’ and is also recognized as the official
The National Co-op'ferat or ha« c »rr spo dmtsiu every State where there is an ore-anizatinn nt
Jo °“ the movement Bnd 8180 the movements of the oppotition!
Subscriptiftil SI.OO per year, but it h worth twenty times the price. AGENTS WANTED
THE NATIONAL CO-OPERATOR - . Fort Worth. Texas.
A Bargain In Law Books
Buglish and American Encyclopedia of Law, 32 volumes
and supplements, complete.
Encyclopedia of Pleading and Practice, 30 volumes and
supplements, complete.
In fine condition. Can be bought cheap for cash,
or on reasonable terms.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
—n m irrminwn mi— in ■, nmn mtn
A DOLLAR BILL
Inclosed in an envelope, with your name and address, will bring you
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
FOR TWELVE MONTHS
You cannot afford to miss a number. In every issue throughout 1909
will be one of those inimitable, chatty, personal, historical and bio
graphical sketches by Mr. Watson the little things which bring history
right home to you and make you live with the great personages and take
part in the mighty pageantries of vnished days.
The History of the Life and Times of Andrew Jackson will re-com
mence in the January number —the earliest moment at which it could be
resumed. The Educational Department will also be restored.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, :: Thomson, Ga.
nwrrw ■■ r-i' t— m ■ r ■HI IJL ■ JI—IU—
JOUANNET’S GIANT ARGENTEUIL ASPARAGUS ARE THE
BEST. Price: 100. Roots $1; 1000 for $5.
JOUANNET’S CABBAGE PLANTS GIVE SATISFACTION. ALL
Loading Varieties. Prices: 1000 for $1.25; 5000 and over $1 a
1000.
Everything shipped from Charleston, S. C. Cash with order! please.
ALFRED JOUANNET, Mount Pleasant, S. C.
MODEL B
<Wf?WWsVSPENiaMgS
v Seasible, Usefol Gifts for the Holidays
ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN HANDSOME SINGLE PAIR BOXES
They contain more and better rubber than any other make, have gold
' gilt non-rusting metal parts and strong cord ends that cannot wear
> through. The new back free action permits ease and comfort no
matter what position the body may assume. V'iL j.'JBRLA •
They outwear three ordinary kinds, which means
three times the service of usual 50 cent sorts.
® The Most Comfortable Suspender Made for Mau. Youth or Boy SV 'k %
S In Light, Heavy or Extra Heavy Weights, Extra Long (No Extra Cost) EV
S They make inexpensive gifts every man, youth cr boy will gladly receive I
I EKWES & POTTER, Dept, jjol B7 Lincoln St., Boston, Mass. I
"• E Our useful Bull Doc SvsrxxDXß Comb amd Case mailed for 10c. postage. Instructive &
The Road to Success
is strewn with lost time and wasted energy. The Bell Tel
ephone will save you both Time and Energy.
V
It is an economical necessity in the office and home. We
I have various classes of service at small cost.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co 3