fifteen-years sentence for one crime of the same
general character as were the many crimes of
Tom Alexander.
The power of family influence, in the latter
case, is revealed by the fact that the sentence
imposed when Alexander pleaded guilty was
only six years.
The power of family influence is revealed
again by the fact that Governor Smith has par
doned this committer of many felonies when
he has served but two years of his sentence.
As a matter of fact, Tom Alexander has had
no real punishment at all, his confinement hav
ing been little more than a form.
The statute requires that the Governor make
a report to the Legislature giving the reasons
which influence him to pardon convicts.
Has Gov. Smith been obeying the law, in
this respect? Did he ever tell the Legislature
why he pardoned w alline,—the young, unmar
ried man who first insulted a man’s wife and
then killed the man?
If so, we have never heard of it.
Is he going to tell the Legislature why he
pardoned Tom Alexander?
If so, we hope, for the good name of the
v state,, that he will not say that his extraordi
nary clemency was the result of the plea made
in Alexander’s behalf, to wit—that the crim
inal was a man of such refinement that two
years in the penitentiary, for such a man, were
equal to twenty or thirty years punishment for
the average person.
What a reproach to our state that such a
plea should have been heard, —AND NOT RE
BUKED!
According to that reasoning, forgers and
swindlers who are still more refined than Tom
Alexander should not even be arraigned. Their
feelings must not be hurt, —the sensitive gen
tlemen !
FOR SHAME! FOR SHAME!! As if the
guilt of such a man as Alexander were not far
more damning than that of some miserable
creature who has never been educated, never
had gentle home-training, never known the
purifying, influence of mother and sister and
wife, never had anything in this world but
hard knocks, AND NEVER KNOWN WHAT
IT WAS TO BE FREE FROM THE WOLF
FANGS OF POVERTY!
H *
What One Democrat Says.
In the Commoner we find a letter written to
that paper, answering some questions pro
pounded by Mr. Bryan. The replies indicate
the nature of the inquiries.
“Thomas A. Flannery, Indianapolis, Ind.—
First, Mr. Brvan carried my precinct by 100
majority, a gain of 129 votes, because there
were honest Democrats on the election board
in said precinct. Second, Mr. Brvan lost Ma
rion countv bv 237 votes, because there were
dishonest Democrats on some of the election
boards in said county. Third, Adopt the Den
ver platform in full in the year 1912 and drive
all political rascals from the Democratic partv.
Put honest Democrats on the election boards
in every precinct in the United States. This is
* the course the reformers in the Democratic
party should adopt in the future. The Demo
cratic party can gain control of the federal
government in this way and no other. If the
Democratic party adopts above said policies I
will vote for the next nominee in 1912, provid
ing he is an honest and sincere man. If not I
shall never cast another vote.”
It is curious to note how prostrated the
Democrats were by the recent Presidential
election. We Pops didn’t have any campaign
fund, and no organization, and only two or
three papers, and no national committee to
speak of, and a lot of rascality was practiced
against us, and some of our boys got mixed
on the question as to what day the election
came on, —but we are not cast down. The
Democrats are.
Nearly every one of these misguided Bryan
ites take as gloomy a view of things as Thom
as A. Flannery does, "If not I shall never
Cfye 3effersoftian
cast another vote.” That is sheer pessimism,
Thomas.
Against such a calamitv to the republic let
us scotch, right now, before Flannery moves
to amend his desperate resolution bv omitting
the first two words.
Thomas, you ask too much. Moderate your
demands, won’t you?
You say, “Drive all political rascals from the
Democratic Party.” How many of the Demo
crats would there be, after the purging? Can
the tail wag the dog? And what is Bryan to
do, if you divorce him from the Haskells, the
Roger Sullivans, the Charles Murphys, the Pat
McCarrens, the Fingy Connerses, and the Tom
T aggarts ?
You say, Brother Flannery, that “honest
Democrats must be put on the election boards
in every precinct in the United States.” My
secret opinion is that you haven’t got enough
“honest Democrats” to go around, Thomas.
Mighty few Democrats have any election
day honesty and those few are seldom put in
charge of the election.
It would be a much lighter task, Thomas, to
corral a sufficient number of truthful horse
traders, cheerful taxpayers and lawyers who
dislike fees.
Moderate vour demands, Flannerv, —don’t
require W. J. B. to do the impossible.
And don’t quit votinp-. but learn to know bet
ter than to vote as you did this year.
* * H
Land Policy in Ireland and in the
Philippines.
By conquest, England got title to the land
of the Irish people, and for centuries they suf
fered every conceivable species of wrong that
the oppressor can inflict upon the oppressed.
Naturally, the Irish hated the conquerors who
had despoiled them, and the story of the un
happy land is a ghastly narrative of the ruth
lessness of British tyranny and the ferocity of
Irish retaliation.
The land question always stood out con
spicuously amid the general murk of trouble.
Vast estates carved out by the English nobles,
for themselves, were the source of supply for
absentee landlords who squandered in London
or Paris the rents wrung from the Irish ten
ants.
In the minds and hearts of these people ran
kled the knowledge that the land was theirs.
Title by conquest they could never be brought
to reverence. At first their leaders struck bold
ly for independence.—“lreland for the Irish.”
But these efforts, costing nrecious blood, came
to nothing. Then O’Connell made the great
fight for the emancipation of his people from
the gallino- voke of religious intolerance. This
won, he began the agitation for the repeal of
the act of Union which England had secured
fjom the Irish Parliament by the bribing of
Irish leaders. But here O’Connell failed. Eng
land was readv to fight, and the Irish patriot
knew that his country was too weak for such
a “trial by combat.”
Later, came leaders like Parnell and Red
mond, who thrust Home Rule and the land
question into the British Parliament so force
fully and perseveringly that the Home Rule
cannot be far off while the land question is
practically settled.
The British Government compelled the land
lords to sell out, and is re-selling to the ten
ants the land so acquired.
Mr. Birrell, Chief Secretary for Ireland, has
already devoted $125,000,,000 to the purchase
of these lands, and states that $900,000,000 will,
be the total amount which will be thus used.
Speaking in Parliament last week, Mr. Birrell
declared that the land-purchase policy had
“worked marvels in Ireland.”
Mr. Birrell stated that about half of the land
in Ireland had already passed from the land
lords to the tenants.
What a gkfrious change!
Mr. Taft found that the Catholic Church had
taken into its greedy maw a very large part of
the best land in the Philippine Islands. The
successors of the homeless, bare-footed and
moneyless disciples of our Lord had an estate
upon there were 60,000 tenants. These poor
islanders hated the Church which had gobbled
up their lands, as savagely as the Irish peas
antry hated their English plunderers.
But Mr. Taft is a diplomat who works won
ders. He dealt with the land question in the
Philippines after the manner which England
lias adopted in dealing with Ireland.
Mr. 'l'aft bought out the Catholic landlords,
—giving them seven million dollars for prop
erty which wasn’t theirs, —and then turned
round and loaned money to the Filipinos to
buy their own land wdth : thus everybody was
made happy.
H * *.
P&member the Old Polks.
The Christmas feeling is beginning to move
within us; we relax our grip upon routine, slow
up on the march, and look about us with a kind
lier interest in our fellow man. Benevolence
softens us, and we surrender to the spell of
the unseen angel of Doing Good.
There’s no danger that the children will not
be made happy—we cannot forget the children.
From illumined mansion to darkened hovel, the
little ones will be made glad.
Neither will there be forgetfulness of the
sick, the suffering, the poor. Charity will go,
with open hand and radiant face, and minister
to the wants of every unfortunate.
But there are others, besides the children
and the afflicted, who should be remembered.
They are the Old Folks.
Their lives have contracted, until the path is
so very, very narrow. Their interests are few.
A loneliness that words can never express is
upon them. They are haunted by memories.
Voices from out the Past call to them—voices
of lost friends, lost children, lost husband or
wife. The Present gives them little: the Fu
ture offers them nothing. Nothing? Nothing
but the Inevitable, from which they recoil in
horror, so long as life gives anything at all.
Be kind to these Old Folks. Be attentive to
them. Give them the cheering word and the
warm hand-shake, and the hearty smile. Nev
er let them feel that their day is over. Indeed,
it need not ever be over until the last day has
come and gone, for there is a beautiful and use
ful Old Age that is beautiful and useful to the
end.
We ourselves can add immensely to the
comfort and gentle resignation and cheerful
helpfulness which give to the evening of life
the lovely after-glow which insensibly fades
into the night.
H H
The Ifryanite Hoodie.
According to their published statement, the
defeat of Bryan cost the Democrats $618,000.
All funerals come high in this land of Trusts,
but it seems to us that the Bryanite “wake”
would have been just as successful had the pa
triots spent less monev.
For instance, thev paid $14,000 for room
rent at the Democratic headquarters. A rental
of more than three thousand dollars per month
for headquarters furnishes a fine specimen of
Jeffersonian simplicity.
The Door-keeper got $4,000 for “minding the
gap,” and keeping out “undesirable citizens,”
“malefactors of great wealth” and suspicious
characters generally.
The Advisory Committee took $3,000, and if
they gave Bryan any advice that was worth
that amount it was when they told him not to
come to Georgia.
“Documents” cost the Bryanites $142,000.
How much of this went for the distribution of
Brvan’s lecture on Christ, we really can’t say.
The Chairman and Vice-Chairman took $6,-
430.00 for their services. Honestly, we don’t
think they were worth that much.
“Telegrams” cost $13,761.00, not inclusive
of the telegram of sincere congratulations
which Bryan always sends to the man who
beats him. During the campaign, the Peerless
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE