Poverty in the Guadalupe Hills
Dear Friend Tom: —You will find
herewith enclosed P. O. M. O. for two
dollars, for which move me up one
year on your subscription books for
the two Jeffersonians. If am enti
tled to the knife and shears, please
send them, one for my wife and the
other for myself.
I have been taking your Maga
zine from the first issue in New
York, and like it so well I surely
will continue to read it as long as I
am able to get it. All of your writ
ing is full of logic; your Foreign
Mission articles are full of infor
mation.
I inclose a clipping telling of con
ditions in New Mexico.
Yours truly,
J. W. WATKINS.
205 E. 7th St., Roswell, N. M.
"Albuquerque, N. M., Nov. 9. —In
the most abject poverty, with barely
enough tatters to cover their naked
ness, Americans are living in the
foothills of the Guadalupe Mountains
west of Carlsbad, Eddy county, amid
filth and squalor that would make
the crudest inhabitant of the Tennes
see wilderness look favored in com
parison, according to Dr. Charles E.
Lukens, superintendent of the Chil
dren’s Home Society of New Mexico,
who returned yesterday after a trip
of investigation into this country.
While on this trip Dr. Lukens rescued
from her shocking surroundings a
little twelve-year-old girl dressed in
the rough skins of goats, and will
provide through the society a home
for the waif, who lived alone in a
dirty hut with her aged father, the
latter being dressed when found, en
tirely in a torn old coat which would
hardly hang upon him and a pair of
trousers reduced to ribbons which
did not come to the knees. These
two garments were all the old man
owned, it is said, his legs and feet be
ing bare in spite of the coldness of
the season.
"The attention of the society was
first called to the matter by the Eddy
county grand jury, which included
the case in its report.
"It was currently reported that a
‘wild girl’ who dressed in the skins
of animals roamed the mountains,
this story leading to further revela
tions of conditions in the foothills
which led the grand jury to take cog
nizance of the matter. Dr. Lukens
made his trip to the Guadalupe ac
companied by a deputy sheriff, the
county officials extending every aid
in the investigation. The results, to,
quote Dr. Lukens, were appalling.
“ ‘We found a number of families,’
said Dr. Lukens last night, ‘living
amid conditions far worse than the
worst found in the remotest moun
tain country of the Alleghenies. The
hut where we found the little girl
was a filthy hovel, with no floor, no
windows, no cooking utensils ex
cept a few old tin lids, and practical
ly nothing to eat save some flour
Hereis our special sewing jO*X
awlwhich wil befound
atime and money saver wj* J J
i n every household < \<Ct
i n city and o n farm.
11 i s not a nov
elty, but a
practical jSR'
hand ma- . , re "
chine JtaF eu pa o ng
I for f Shoes, Har-
ness ’ Belts,
\ Carpets, Rugs,
I Canvas o fallkin ds,
Gloves, Mittens, Sad
l dies. You can sew up
wire cuts onhorsesorcattlc.
Retail price sl.ooeverywhere.
/2x Send us 9oc and receive 52copies
of the Southwest’s bestfarm paper,
TEXAS STOCK & FARM
and this home necessity FREE. Value of I
both $2. Address Texas Stock & Farm, |
Box 1021 Fort
which the old man made into gruel
over a fire and some aged looking
scraps of bacon. The old man was
all but naked, barring a few scraps of
clothing, and the child was wrapped
in untanned goat skins. She seem
ed a bright little thing, though plain
ly showing the result of her squalid
life, and will be given a good home
and proper care by the society.
Amongst the other families we found
many children of school age grow
ing up in the same condition with
out education or the ordinary neces
sities of life. Steps will be taken at
once to have these children sent to
school under the compulsory educa
tion law and conditions, if possible,
are to be considerably ameliorated in
that district. The people of Carls
bad are taking a great interest in the
matter and offered me their cordial
co-operation, officials and citizens
alike, in rescuing this little girl.’ ’’
BIG CRIMINALS.
There seem to be grades among
criminals, as well as grades in so
ciety. We have the upper-tens
among the criminal class that seem
to think it a disgrace to them to have
to put on stripes and go to work
among the low-grade criminals. We
can not see why any special distinc
tion is ever made, but we have a case
in mind where a bank embezzler was
given a job of bookkeeping and not
required to don the stripes. We are
sorry for any one who falls into the
hands of the law because of his mis
doing and has to be punished, but if
the punishment is deserved let him
assume the stripes and fare just as
any other prisoner should fare. If
in a delicate state of health he should
not be unnecessarily exposed to foul
weather. All prisoners should be
kindly treated, but special favors
should be avoided as far as possible.
Intellectual criminals deserve severer
punishment than do the ignorant and
unlettered, for they ought to know
better. Crime is crime whether com
mitted by an educated or an unedu
cated man, therefore, deal with the
criminal in proportion to the crime
committed.—Searcy (Ark.) News
and Union Educator.
READY FOR THE SUMMER
BOARDER.
The dignified president of a well
known and flourishing New England
college, in his moments of relaxation,
tells the following story at his own
expense:
One summer some years ago he
spent a vacation of several weeks at
a farmhouse in a Maine town. The
next season he received a letter from
his former boarding mistress in
quiring if he would like to return.
In reply he stated that he would
be very glad to pass another summer
vacation with her, provided some
needed changes were made about the
place.
“First,” wrote the college presi
dent, "your maid Mary is persona
non grata, being anything but neat
and orderly in her ways, and if she
is still with you I trust you will at
least not allow her to wait on my
table.
"Secondly, I would suggest that
the sanitary conditions on your
place would be greatly improved if
the pigsty were moved back a few
rods farther from the house or done
away with altogether.
"I will wait until I hear from you
before deciding about coming.”
The somewhat peculiar college
president was reassured by the re
ceipt of the following reply:
"Mary has went. We hain’t had
no hogs on the place since you was
here last summer. Be sure and
come.”—Judge’s Library.
DESPERATE, BUT EFFECTIVE.
Knicker —So Jones has a good
scheme?
Bocker—Yes; he carries a little
dynamite to blow up any auto that
runs over him.—New York Sun.
Gb* Jeffersonian
FREE TO YOU—MY SISTER
I am a woman.
1 know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my home
Z treatment with full instructions to any suf-
/ ' v< v \ serer from woman’s ailments. I want to tell
\ women about this cure — you, my reader,
/. ' \ f° r yourself, your daughter, your mother, or
A your sister. I want to tell you how to cure
P A yourselves at home without the help of a doo-
I W tor. Men cannot understand women’s suffer-
L 4'- : ; ings. What we women know from expert-
•• ' ence, we know better than any doctor. I
V /know that my home treatment is a safe and
/sure cure for Leucorrhoea or Whitish Dis-
V O' « / charges, Ulceration, Displacement or Falling
' / of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Pe
/ ri °ds, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors or Growths;
V* '/ X also pnins in <,ie head, back and bowels, bear-
Xi i s ing <l<>wn feelings, nervousness, creeping feel-
S i n g- up the spine, melancholy, desl-re to cry,
hot flashes, weariness, kidney and bladder
troubles where caused by weaknesses peculiar
to our sex.
I send you a complete ten days’ treatment entirely free to prove to
you that you Gan cure yourself at home, easily, quickly and surely. Remember,
that it will cost you nothing to give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
should wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week, or less than
two cents a day. It will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send
me your name and address, tell me how you suffer if you wish, and I will send
you the treatment for your case, entirely free, in plain wrapper, by return mail.
I will also send you free of cost, my book— “WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL, AD
VISER” with explanatory illustrations showing why -women suffer, and how they
can easily cure themselves at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to
think for herself. Then when the doctor says, “You must have an operation,’’
you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured themselves with
my home remedy. It cures all, old or young. To Mothers of Daughters, I will
explain a simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leu
corrhoea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in Young Ladies.
Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know
and will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all wom
en’s diseases, and makes women -well, strong, plump and robust. Just send me
your address, and the free ten days’ treatment is yours, also the book. Write to
day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 460, - - South Bend, lnd. s U. S. A.
MEMORIAL WAR BOOK
A Magnificent Book of 612 Pages. Size, 9x12 Inches. Artistic Cloth Bind
ing. 2,000 Superb Illustrations. Produced from Photographs, and Cannot Be
Reproduced. It Is Not a War History, but the Personal Reminiscences, Stir
ring Adventures, Lifelike Descriptions of Battles, Camp Life, Marches, Heroic
Deeds, Etc., as Seen by Soldiers ON BOTH SIDES. A Collection of Stories and
Pictures Never Before Published. 2,000 SUPERB ILLUSTRATIONS. 612 Pages.
Size. 9x12 Inches. This Book Was Published to Sell for $5. We Offer It for
THREE DOLLARS, Postpaid. Address O. K. SUPPLY CO., Sliver Creek, N. Y.
III 111 I—W——
COOK’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL, SCHLEY, KING’S EARLY, RUSSELL
BIG BOLL, and TATUM’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL. Price, bushel
$1.25, 5 bushel lots $1.15 bushel, 10 bushel lots and over SI.OO
bushel.
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED, $1.50 bushel, 5 bushel lots $1.35
bushel, 10 bushels and over $1.25 bushel. BROWN’S NO. 1 at
same price.
MORTGAGE LIFTER, CULPEPPER and CHRISTOPHER, SI.OO bushel,
10 bushels, 90 cents bushel.
SANDERS’ IMPROVED and MARLBORO SEED CORN, $2.00 bushel,
75 cents peck.
LOT EXTRA FINE BURT OATS, SI.OO bushel.
REGISTERED COLLIE DOGS of finest breeding. Prices to suit all.
R. D. TATUM, Fairview Farm, Palmetto, Ga.
FREE Dollar Bottle lin a
S SWBHIMi YOU PAY NOTHING FOR IT W
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific formula
of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases jgrtW
and symptoms mentioned below—it’s the
most certain of all and there is no doubt BuM- JIVLdIMB
about this. Vitaline tablets are just wCw r* P • ®*A
th® treatment so many are looking 10 M Q g
X FILL
for, what they should have and must have
to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. I
it makes no difference how weak you are coin to get the bottle packed and I
nor how long you have had your trouble, P° sta s e - Th’ B « you have B
Vitaline tablets will easily overcome it- I
they will not fail nor disappoint you. w. bottle without co«t or obligation to I
prove what a wonderful remedy B
NERVGiiS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY— vitSii®/ *; ta!ine Tab,et t kno m I
Nervousness, Weakness, Twitching. Jerking. Easily XmJpA when you have taken them you 11 I
Excited. Wornnut Feeling, Weak, Aching Ba< kLack »ay with a glad heart that you have I
of Strength, Energy or Ambition. Bad breams, Poor a ‘- found the right medicine. I
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent, sr Vitaline tablets act on the Vital Or- B
TRfillQl CQ Pain in stomach. Loss ■TAI WU| fans that generate vitality and create ■
0 j Uiflr.ui] 1 nUUuLEv of Appetite. I>> i'cvsia the nerve force which makes one feel |
Indigestion, Bad Taste or Breath, (Sick Headache,’ B'/’/ftfK-' “ strong, vigorous and healthy, equal to ■
Bloated, Heartburn, Hour Belching, Spitting Up SITViMf aH the duties and pleasures of robust ■
Catarrh, Gas, Gnawing, Nervousness. Strength and health. They give you ■
nri KT mr. vigorand vitality cverydayand restore ■
HFART WFAKNF^^— n . ? ' -'pmg. Pal- you so fast and completely you never B
~ >• pitation.l a i'i, > iicart.Side 7 know there was anything the matter. B
nr if,’. Pfeath, Wc.ik, Siakin" ( old■;/ Vitaline tablets are puaraateed by us tin- B
?. r ..^.. zz y Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Ihrobblngin ® ■' derthe U. S Pure Food and Drugs Law by I- 1
Excitement or Exertion. .# Guarantee No. 3877. You never had anv- B
PATAQPU Hawking. Spitting, Nose Running thi " s like ttp, n. combining their wonderful 1;
UAlAnnn Watery or Yellowi h Mutter or stooped IT' curing and strengthening powers. 7
Up, Sneezing. Dull Headache. Coughing, Der.fncss; H f. We send you our illustrated book. Vital- ■
Pains In Kidneys, Bladder. Lungs. Stomach or Bowels WwkT ’ty Yon have never seen one like it. Our ■
may be Catarrh. testimonials from people cured after ten to I
forty years of doctoring will convince you I
BLOOD TROUBLES-ffiwUTS ofal,w ° claim forvitalmetablet.. B
vous, Rash, ores, U leers, Pimples,Chilly or Feverish,
Loss of Flesh and Strength. Exact size of Bottle containing 220 Vitaline tablets.
ENCLOSE IO CENTS IN ST: OR COlN*,*for Postage?
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. SI 152 Lake Street, Chicago. I enclose amount for postage
and packing. Send ut once by mail in plain package, SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets, without cost
or obligation to me.
NAME 4
ADDRESS
PAGE NINETEEN