high tariff,” says that this very argument is
an insult to American intelligence. The pa
per referred to contends, just as the Demo
cratic party contended two years ago, that if
the American manufacturer would sell his
product a little cheaper to the American con
sumer, the American consumer would be able
to buy more of it, and labor would be em
ployed just the same. (Applause.)
The question as to when the tariff is to be
revised is entirely within the control of the
Republican party. Will that party follow the
Roosevelt plan and revise it after the elec
tion, or will it accept the Cannon doctrine
and revise it either when we have no more
prosperity or “when it will do more good
than harm to the great mass of the people”?
The responsibility of this question rests en
tirely upon Republican shoulders. We Demo
crats, as yet, have no power to revise it. We
say that it ought to be revised now. We say
that revision has been too long delayed. We
have been insistent, persistent and consistent
in our demand that the people shall have re
lief from the burdensome duties and oppres
sive schedules of the Dingley tariff. So far
the people have made the mistake of denying
to themselves the relief that will come from
revision, but surely they will realize what
"jeir true interests are before much longer,
/nd surely, when high priests in the temple of
/protection, like my distinguished friend from
’ Pennsylvania (Air. Dalzell) and this iron and
steel publication which was founded “for the
purpose of maintaining a high tariff,” dis
agree—when high priests of that distinguished
and exalted character differ, then the honest
consumer is about to come into bis own.
Who is to revise the tariff? We can not
settle when it is to be revised, but I tell you,
and I say it without any intention of giving
personal offense to anyone, that I had as soon
call on a convention of thieves to revise the
laws against larceny as to call a convention
or congress of people who believe in high
protection for protection’s sake alone, to re
vise the tariff laws. If there is any revision
cf that character, it will be a revision upward
and not a revision downward. If the masses
of the people are to ever get any relief, the
tariff must be revised in their interest, and not
in the interest of the protected manufacturing
classes. (Applause on the Democratic side.)
There is one other thing in the President’s
message to which I wish to refer as briefly
as may be in the somewhat limited time at
my disposal. The one thing only, outside of
some few personal views and social habits,
that keeps the President from being a pretty
good Democrat, is that he is fundamentally
and entirely a Hamiltonian. He seems to be
lieve in the centralization of all power in the
federal government, and in the absorption of
as much of the federal power by the executive
as possible. He has never believed, and will
never believe, in the protection and preserva
. .tion of the rights of the States. The doctrine
. enunciated by Secretary Root, that when the
states no longer exercise the powers confided
to them exclusively by the constitution, then
the nation must assume and exercise these
powers in order to protect the people, and that
it can be done by executive and judicial con-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
struction, is most dangerous, destructive, and
even revolutionary.
There is little doubt, however, that the
President shares this belief with his cabinet
officer. In this very message of his he con
tends because wheat, corn, and grain are raised
in many different States, and a uniform stand
ard of grade is desirable, that therefore con
gress ought to establish the national system
of grading wheat, corn and grain. The same
contention might be made with equal plausi
bility about cotton. The President contends
further that the products to which he refers,
viz.: wheat, corn and grain, ought not to be
admitted to interstate or foreign commerce
unless they conform to the national standard.
Gentlemen of the House, this doctrine is dan
gerous to the extreme. If the power to regu
late interstate and foreign commerce is to be
made the pretext and excuse for seizing upon
and regulating every domestic affair and every
internal concern in every state in the Union,
how long will the states continue to exist, and
how long will the constitutional system of
government founded by our fathers, and which
Republicans, as well as Democrats, profess
to love, survive? This continuous and insid
ious encroachment upon the powers and rights
of the States contravenes the most fundament
al doctrine of the Democratic party; and as
it seems to be the President’s theory of the
government, I say that for that reason, in
spite of the many good things that he has
done, and in spite of the many noble impulses
that he has had, he can never be a Democrat;
and if our Republican friends console them
selves with the delusion that they had ever
HEALTH IS WEALTH
HAGGARD’S SPECIFIC TABLETS
Are Health Builders
If you suffer from Indigestion, Nervous DebOity.Kidnoyart
Bladder Troubles. Lost or impaired Vitality incident to over
work, physically or mentally, advanced age or otherwise, take
HAGGARD'S SPECIFIC TABLETS. They contain no
mercury, morphine, opium or any other norcotica. They
are purely vegetable and are peculiarly adapted to the needs
of the human system.
Give our remedies a fair test and if you are not benefited, wo
will refund your money. Write for booklet of testimonials.
If your druggist can't supply you they can be had direct
from us, either by mail or express, prepaid on receipt of
price. Small Box. SO Centst Large Box, er 0 LARGE
BOXES SS.OB
Address,
HAGGARD SPECIFIC CO.
ATLANTA. GA.
lent him to us, then we give him back to them
with our compliments. (Applause.)
THE HERMIT OF DISMAL SWAMP.
(Continued from Page Three.)
man, French, Hebrew and Greek —but none
could understand him.
Last year a number of the “Scrap-Book”
fell into my hands, and I read therein of the
disappearance of a member of the House of
Hapsburg. Although the dates of the disap
pearance of this man and the appearance of
cur Hermit seem to conflict, but it can be pos
sible. John Orth, after renouncing all claims to
the crown of Austria for pretty Millie Stuebel,
and after leaving “London” in 1886 on the
“Marguaretthe,” who knows but that the
cruel “Hatteras” robbed him of all that he
had given up, the jewels and gold of Aus
tria, and east him alone on the shores a
shipwreck, with all that made life dear to him
gone?
In this sketch I have, under the circum
stances, given a true history of this myste
rious human being.
No one would readily believe the conditions
under which he lives, for it seems impossible
for any human being to undergo such hard
ships for so long a time, but there is a prime
cause for all things. Who and what could
have prompted him to this, who he is, and
from whence he came, how much longer he
will be able to live this animal life, are ques
tions that remain to perplex us.
I can only guess, but I hope that some one
may be able to solve these problems.
IRVIN REED.
PAGE FIFTEEN