PAGE FOUR
Netos and Vietos of Various Things
By Tom Dolan.
With the Law Makers of Georgia.
Os cour~. all eyes are turned to the Capitol
of Atlanta this week where the Convict Lease
System occupies the attention of all the
Legislators. That the State has been shocked
beyond all measure at the disclosures brought
out in the investigation last week is to put it
mildly. Our readers have seen sufficient re
volting details to be sickened. The story of
Jim Bankston has already become a classic in
the annals of prison horrors. It would take
the pen of a Hugo to dare to go into such a
story in anything but the briefest outline.
Frightful though this is, the unprintable
record dips down into Hell itself.
Year after public sentiment has been grow
ing against the Convict Lease System. It now
demands that all the weakening amendments
and vacillating postponements, all sparring
for time, be estopped and that such a bill be
passed as will immediately do what little
such tardy legislation can do to restore us to
the respect of other States.
While the Convict Lease bill has absorbed
public attention of late, it is timely to bring
to the notice of the unwary the Huie bill now
before the house, lest it be permitted tc pass.
This bill is right along the line of the spirit
displayed by the Hoke Smith Executive Com
mittee and is intended to give the larger cities
vast advantage over the country counties.
This little scheme received one severe check,
but it is certain to crop up again in some form
at about every session. It is a pure Gerry
mander. The result of it would be to take
away from the rural districts what feeble
voice they are now permitted to have and put
the City Ringsters in complete control. It
proposes an increase of senators at'consider
able increase the expense to the State. We
have quite enough senators now, if they will
but do their duty.
Such legislation as the Huie bill is born
either of ignorance or chicanery and it must
not pass.
The bill to abolish the office of State Oil
Inspector is hardly commendable. So long as
a great majority of citizens must depend upon
oil for lighting and often for cooking pur
poses, they will be insured as to the safety
of the oil in as far as it is possible to do so.
The housewife can scarcely be expected to
test the “flashing point” of every gallon of
oil for home consumption and the danger of
highly inflammable kerosene is appallingly
great.
An oil inspector who does not do his duty,
in full realization that upon his fidelity may
depend human lives, should be dismissed, but
it hardly becomes the State of Georgia to
abolish this office, with its small salary, on
the ground of economy.
Among the interesting bills recently intro
duced was the polite request of Mr. Huff of
THE JEFERSONIAN.
Lumpkin to Joseph E. Brown to furnish that
“Unopened Letter” to the Legislature.
Mr. Lumsden of White desires to prohibit
the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, which
bill was passed by the House.
Mr. Hardeman of Jefferson desires to amend
the Code relative to suspending railroad com
missioners. He also wishes to fix the date for
county primaries not sooner than seventy days
before the general election and for state
primaries on the last Wednesday in August.
A highly valuable measure is the bill of Mr.
Hendrix of Taliaferro to make it unlawful
to have in one’s possession tools used in
cracking safes. The citizens will kindly
proceed to sell out all monkey-wrenches,
screw-drivers, cans of dnamite and oth
er little trinklets they are accus
tomed to carrying around as a matter of
habit. Gentlemen in evening clothes, having
no pockets for these implements are warned
no longer to tuck the “Jimmy” up their
sleeves. Ladies will be very careful that
chatelaine purses or bon-bon boxes contain
no crimping irons or other toilet appliances
calculated to arouse the suspicion of the “blue
coat” at the corner. Infants with hammers,
mallets and other improvised toys had best
lay them aside for razors, darning needles,
etc., which have never been found convenient
for professional bank-robbing and whose
possession could not, therefore, bring them
under the ban.
This is the only measure we have ever ob
served that would subject the small boy’s
mysterious pockets to rigorous search. Snake
eggs and fish worms therein will no longer be
allowed to intimidate and over-awe the in
vestgator. Hereafter the thoughtless pic
nicker will leave the can-opener behind, and
his aberration of memory be accounted wise
forethought.
The only individual to suffer discomfiture
will be the poor motorman, who must have
his coat sagging with a kit of street ear tools,
all of which would be handy in prying open a
strong-room.
If he won’t carry the kit, according to the
rules, he must lose his job; if he does, he
forfeits his character and freedom. Sad, you
say? Yes, true; but it is necessary to sacrifice
him if we would enable the police to deal with
the hordes who now insolently jangle hardware
in the very face of the law.
In the senate a bill was introduced by Mr.
Mattox to amend the act to increase the rail
road commission of Georgia so as to reduce
the number of commissioners to three.
The house bill introduced by Mr. Wright
of Richmond to provide for the collection of
past due taxes to the State, counties and mu
nicipalities was passed.
Taft and His Task.
The “huge pigmy” nominated by the Re
publican party helplessly confesses that there
are a ‘ ‘ surprising multitude ’ ’ of things to
be covered in his speech of acceptance. Bry
an is finding an equally “surprising multi
tude” of things to evade in his. Pity some
“Complete Letter-writer” cannot assist both
gentlemen out of their humiliating predica
ment.
Retort Truthful.
“I will pay no attention to Thomas E. Wat
son,” says Mr. Bryan. “Neither does the
rock pay attention to the ever-dripping water
that in time wears it away,” rejoins the
Passaic, New Jersey, News.
Again the Standard Oil.
Happy over their evasion of the fine of
$28,000,000 by the reversal of the decision of
Judge K. M. Landis, the Rockefeller push
sees its stock soaring skywards, while the
people view the odious spectacle of the law
being trampled into the dust under the feet
of a so-called judge, who is even now scurry
ing from the bench he has disgraced to join
the ranks of corporation lawyers.
This from Delaware!
Judge Cochrane, of Washington, decided
to “cut out” “Mistering” and “Mistress
ing” promiscuously among the dusky offend
ers haled before him, and their accusers and
defenders. He cited no precedents. It just
got on his nerves, as it were, and after levy
ing a few fines, “Pomp” and “Mandy”
were duly restored and the Court became
tranquil. This goes to prove that Judge Coch
rane is a man of vast patience ever to have
suffered the custom at all.
Un de sired Guests.
Those untamed people of Auckland, New
Zealand, are threatening to hold a demonstra
tion of the unemployed as a protest against
the public expenditures incident to the recep
tion of the American fleet, and there seems
to be a depressing lack of welcome in some
quarters. That’s just the way with New
Zealanders, you can’t make them take good
old conservative views about anything. They
will think for themselves, and worse than all,
have lost the proper reverence for brass but
tons. When the plain people get to where
they can no longer be hypnotized by the
passing show, to the forgetfulness of their
own miseries, the situation looks powerfully
black.
Pauper Labor.
Massachusetts and Louisiana have each
suffered considerably of late at the hands of
Italian immigrants, who have disturbed the
peace of these commonwealths by riot and
bloodshed. These immigrants are not land
lovers.; they do not come to till the soil, or
become identified with American institutions,
and the flooding of mill towns with this class
of cheap, turbulent labor is another crime
being fostered by the manufacturing interests.