PAGE TWELVE
Here Comes Brown, Asking Ques
tions; Defends Duck and Lee
(concluded from page nine)
pocket. He didn’t display any more activity
afterwards than before.
Then, again. Bode tried very hard to get me
to buy a half-interest in his Telegram Print
ing Co. In fact, I came near doing it. At
that time, (July 1908,) I had not got on to
Bode’s curvatures and obliquities. His father
was such a fine man, that I took the son to be
a chip off the old block. However, lat length
decided not to make the investment with
Bode, and he was keenly disappointed—for he
had believed that he had landed his sucker.
Nearly, but not quite.
Then, towards the close of the campaign,
he went before the Republican Committee, of
which Air. Robert J. Lowry was Chairman,
and tried to get some of their filthy stuff.
They demanded his authority, and he came
gum-shoeing to my room at the Kimball to
get it. Whereupon, I practically put him out.
Later came a fiery letter from him, demand
ing payment for 2,500 copies of the Magazine,
which he claimed to have printed and deliv
ered to our Atlanta office. Our Atlanta folks
denied getting those Magazines; declared that
receipts had been given for every copy deliv
ered ; and, naturally, I declined payment.
Bode could not produce a -scrap of evidence
to prove that the extra number had been de
livered; yet he flew into a passion with me,
because I acted upon the report of my Atlanta
representatives.
He had voluntarily notified me that he
would no longer print our Magazine, and we
moved it over to the firm of Converse & Wing.
Now, those were the things that Bode had
against me when he became Duck’s chief or
nament and lieutenant. In a short while, he
worked a complete change in the policy of
Duckworth’s paper toward me and The Jef
fersonian.
The last time I ever saw that grand old
man, General Wm. Phillips, he was a visitor
at my house, and he took pains to warn me
against Duckworth. That was in the spring of
1908. He told me that Duckworth had become
jealous of my influence with the farmers; and
that in speechmaking, before the Locals, he
was making unfriendly references to me.
This being the state of Duck’s mind, it was
easy for Bode to influence him into virtually
declaring open war on me, as already speci
fied.
(2) There are several men that I have
not fallen out with. One of the men,
is Charley Barrett, National President of the
Union. Another is, the Rev. James Penning
ton, President of the McDuffie Local Union.
Another is, Rev. S. J. Cowan, one of the
really powerful orators of Farmers’ Union.
Another is, “Blue Fred” Wimberly—as elo
quent and big-hearted a man as ever cham
pioned the cause of the Union. Another is,
J. J. Brown, a most unselfish and ardent
worker for the Union. Another man that I
have not had any falling out with, is Mr. B. J.
Brown, of Lilly, Georgia. I just don’t intend
to have any row, at this time, with any other
Union men than those whom I “went after” —
towit, Boodlehunter and Duckworth. It was
not I who brought John Lee into the rumpus:
he did that himself, and it was indiscreet in
him to butt in. John will be more careful
hereafter how he takes up another man’s quar
rel. John is a raw, giddy, beautiful thing;
and has much to learn.
In fact, on a show-down, I can count more
friends in the National Farmers’ Union than
any other man, excepting Charley Barrett.
In what respect, am I a failure?
I made as much money as I wanted; had all
the law business that I could manage; could
live comfortably off the royalties on my
books; have made a success of the two Jes-
3effersontan
fersonians; am now getting more subscribers
than ever before; have greater number of
friends in this republic than at any other
time; and am holding a position and doing a
work that I would not exchange for any office
on this earth.
(3) In starting any new business, it is im
possible to find the right man for every place,
at once. Some of those who worked for The
Jeffersonian, in its early days, resigned to
accept other places. One of them got mad
with me for opposing Hoke Smith: he quit,
and started an opposition paper, which soon
died. Gordon Nye resigned to take a posi
tion with the Hearst papers. He is still my
warm friend, as are the others, excepting one
who was fired for cause; another who acted so
ungratefully that I gave him a small “piece
of my mind”; and another who was dismissed
for incompetency. Our present Business
Manager, James Lanier, has been with me
two years. My Secretary has been on the job
since July, 1908. Our head-clerk has been
with us from the start. The Atlanta office
has been under the same management since
July, 1908. The clerk has been there almost
from the start.
But what in the world has that got to do
with Ladson, Boodlehunter, and Duckworth?
(4) Yes, I treated John Lee like a gentle
man. The subject under discussion was one
that the people at large had an interest in;
and it was entirely proper to let the public
know what he was writing to me, and I to
him. When you write to an editor about a
public matter, you should mark your commu
nication “Private”, or “Personal”, if you
want secrecy. Air. Lee did not so mark his
letter. Consequently, I made no secret of it.
The fact is. one of the present troubles with
the Farmers' Union leaders of this State is,
that they have too many secrets. A whole lot
of things have been going on that the average
member of the Union knows nothing about.
It may be that some of these sly, underhanded
doings may come to light, pretty soon. lam
on track of them, and those guilty leaders are
aware of it.
(5) I am not a member of the Union, nor
did I join the Alliance, as so many office
seekers did. But the McDuffie Union got,
with my help, the money to buy the land and
build their warehouse, and to finance their
holding movement of 1907-8. Have given to
the Union, in speechmaking in Atlanta, New
Orleans, Jackson, (Mississippi) and Ruston
(Louisiana) an amount of time which, if it
had been devoted to lecturing or law practice,
would have netted me at least SI,OOO. As to
Duckworth, he has had a regular picnic at the
expense of the Union. Never before did any
one see the subscribers to a paper, support the
canvassers which worked for it. The Farm
ers’ Union lecturers and organizers have
poured tens of thousands of dollars into
Duck’s pocket. Union dues have paid the
salaries and travelling expenses of the men
who were pushing the circulation of his Union
News. Never did I see a man enjoy such feast
as that. If Duck has not laid away a tidy
fortune, it is his own fault.
As to Mr. Lee, I had supposed that the
farmers were paying him a salary. Ladson,
we may safely assume, gets some cash, in ad
dition to a magnificent advertisement. Bode
does the Duckworth printing at his shop in
Atlanta and, although his eyes have a sleepy
look and his general appearance is velvety,
you may bet your gizzard that he knows how
to charge for his work. Besides, doesn’t he
get any pay as Duck’s Business Manager? I
understand that Duck doesn’t allow the vel
vety one to handle the money; but I guess
there’s a salary for Bode.
(6) I do. The people who want me to let
them alone, are the chaps that are doing
something that they don’t want known. Just
hold your potato, son: the genuine farmers,
and the Unionists who amount to anything,
are thanking me for turning on the light.
AVrite again, when you have more to say.
Since you are such an inquisitive person, I
suggest that you put a few questions to Duck
worth.
(1) Why did the South Carolina Unionist
who came over to the Macon Convention, in
the interest of the South Carolina warehouses,
get disgusted, and leave, without making the
speech that he was billed to make?
(2) What passed between Dan Sully, Billy
Witham and Duckworth, at the Macon Con
vention ?
(3) Why were the Georgia warehouses
“amalgamated”, and the management taken
to Union City?
(4) Why are such herculean efforts being
made to centralize everything at Union City?
(5) Get Duck to tell you how he and Bode
trimmed those Augusta boys, the Jo wet t
Brothers.
(6) Ask him why he doesn’t relieve the
Farmers’ Union of embarrassment by giving
a public answer to those questions which I
published, and dared him to answer.
T. E. AV.
Why the South Loves Morgan
(concluded from page five)
plete, these days, without Morgan. Even
some high and mighty divorce cases smell
rankly of J. Pierpont. As to church collec
tions and big conventions, “us Presbyterians”
just couldn’t budge an inch without Brother
Morgan.
Well, as I was saying, J. P. Boss-of-Every
thing was one of the guests of honor at this
here Southern Sassietee Dinner. Somehow
er-ruther the subject of Morgan’s enormous
popularity, in the South, came up. One word
brought on-er-nuther until this here Cabinet
man, MacVeagh, undertook to explain to a
wondering world why it is that the Southern
people love Alorgan so well.
AlacVeagh said, amid thunderous applause,.
(J. P. Money-bag rose and bowed his speech
less thanks!) that the real reason why we
Southern folks love Morgan so devotedly is
that Morgan has done so much for us.
How perfectly and indeedly true! We
Southern people just simply dote on J. Pier
pont Morgan. If we had half a chance, we’d
no more swing him up to the nearest limb,
with his feet clear of the ground, than we
would the average negro caught in the act of
committing “the usual crime”.
We love Morgan, intensely, inordinately,
burningly, because of that midnight deal in
the Cleveland bonds: because he taught us
that “object lesson” in the panic of 1893: be
cause he waged war on our constitutional
money-system, and established the damnable
gold-standard: because of such legislation as
the Aldrich-Vreeland bill.
AVe love him on account of his agency in
passing the Aldrich-Payne tariff act, which
saddles the common people of this country
with the lion’s share of the Federal taxes.
AVe are ravenously fond of him because he
organized the Steel Trust which, because of
monopoly tariffs, earns more clear money
every year than dll the millions engaged in
agriculture ever can earn in any year. We
are passionately grateful to this grand old
rascal for coming down here, some years ago,
and robbing the original owners of the Cen
tral Railroad—watering its stock of $7,500,-
000 up to the neat total of more than $50,-
000,000. We adore Morgan because of his
management of the Southern Railway system,
with its fraudulent weighing of mails; its
voracity in grabbing a yearly subsidy on the
alleged Southern “fast mail”, which saves us
two hours in the middle of the night; and its
constant butcheries of men, women and chil
dren—butcheries due to Mor gads devilish re
fusal to spends money on double-tracking,