PAGE SIXTEEN
GREATEST
HISTORY OFFER! [ I
■MBHHHOHHHMWH MHHHH9HMHHH ®WI
" 1 — -■ ——»<, - Wfel
- F ® & *» &<' W1
Wg ■,.' Stc9
Entire Library of "15 Volumes, De Luxe Edition Library of Universal History,
sent for a free examination into any home. See the Free Coupon below. *Jh 3
u . t • ’ > His
Here is the greatest opportunity ever offered to the readers of —an offer posi- l|i I ,['; BSS#-’ ; Ms * >j-jwWh M
tively without parallel—an offer which means that you send absolutely no money for this superb historical
work —the most stupendous chance in the history of the book publishing business —the publisher has failed,and 7 tU
the books must be sent out at once —the entire edition must go. All printed from large new type embellished th j
with over 100 double-page maps and plans, 700 full-page illustrations, many of which are in colors, and more
than 5,000 pages of solid reading matter, beautifully written the Genuine Library of Universal History. t.fa L. • •' |
Books Shipped FREE! IHMH3
Yes, free—positively free—we send you the complete set, every one of the 15 volumes,
right to your home for an absolutely free examination. Nothing down— no C. O. D.— x
no deposit. We even prepay the carrying charges. You simply take the books and look them
over, and then if you dort’t want to keep them you send them back at our expense. We’want
you to see them anyway. We want to put the books into your hands. The creditors for the ;»L
failed publishers insist that these books be shipped out to people who may be interested in the
most phenomenal book bargain ever offered. This bargain is simply sensational. Just the free
coupon brings this handsome De Luxe Edition for your free examination. We positively W
guarantee that the books are delivered free into your home without a cent from you.
LIBRARY OF UNIVERSAL HISTORY
CaMOMBBnBMMnWMI Il OMBSMWMSnOBiEnMWWMKmMWnHI < A
Remember, thia is the genuine Library cf Universal History. Complete in 15 massive volumes, each 10 inches
high, 7 inches wide and 2 inches thick. The binding is the very finest quality of genuine English Buckram, exactly
the same as is used in the finest “De Luxe” editions. Every set, every volume, every page, is guaranteed to be fi
absolutely perfect, and not scratched, marred or damaged in the slightest degree. The lettering on the binding "J
is solid gold, not gilt, bui gold, whic h never tarnishes or grows dim and faded. The 5,000 pages of solid reading
matter is printed on the finest grade cf heavy book paper, irom large, clear, new type. The Library of Universal '
History is the one trust worthy—the one reliable history unequivocally endorsed by the leading schools and colleges.
It is the very highest—the final authority—the history which is in 250,000 homes.
The Library of Universal History stands in a class alone. There has never been another like it. There never i<Ww
will be such another. Most histories are simply a collection of names, dates, and dry and uninteresting facts. The i
Universal is the Life-Story of the Human Race, from the earliest dawn of history right down to the present day,
told in such vivid, compelling fashion that your attention is riveted and held more strongly than by the most powerful I
novel. The descriptive powers displaced are wonderful. As you read the thrilling narrative, it is as though you
were watching the most stupendous events of the great World-Story, unrolled by magic hands on a screen before
your very eyes. You see our earliest ancestors, mor© brut© than human, struggling for their very existence among "Ji
the strange, terrible dangers of the young world. Watch the branching out of the different races, their development p
of civilizations and government. Y ou live with the pyramid-builders of far-off, mystic Egypt. Cross the Rubicon
with Caesar’s mighty, never-conquered cohorts, and fight again with them the battles that have changed the
destiny of nations. All “the glory that was Greece and the grandeur that was Rome, ” are spread before you. You Trgife^f:.^ir(^'iy±rC i r <^Wn'
see Napoleon as he takes his final parting from hi# beautiful and beloved queen, Josephine; you hear him as he
answers her frenzied pleading with the deathless words: “My destiny and France demand it.” Follow him to
I Waterk:) and stand beside him on that awful day as his proud army and all his hopes are crushed and beaten by the fl
Iron Duke, Wellington. All the nation#, all the people# of the ancient and modern world pass before you in
one great, gorgeous pageant. You can know the great men and the warriors of all the ages, the colossal world
figures of all times as you know the rulers and statesmen of the present day. Mail the coupon now —today.
Napoleon Bidding Farewell to Josephine
' If* ■ . t , ; IPikjf -m— rn-v *0 J 8 ~ “My Destiny and France Demand It.”
✓ IT I Ik This is I ut one of the hundreds of thrilling illustra-
&S u Ja JSi’SEi* <& tions in the Library of Universal History. Do you
% “r y. . know all of this heart throbbing story —the Imperial
*©% v> brings the complete set PREPAID. Don’t wait a minute. When these few sets are gone— JSmperor, the loving wife, the cnexorable pall of am-
- '£' C> f when the creditors arc satisfied, this offer will be withdrawn. This is your opportunity. bition, the breaking heart left behind. Send th© coupon I
Send the coupon now. Remember, you send no money. The books go to your home
positively free of all expense. You pay nothing. There is no C. O. D., and no other expenses. You take the bocks and examine them I
positively free fcr a whole week. Then, if you don’t want to keep them, you send them back at our expense if you wish. And if you
% w i s h to keep them you may do so —and wo guarantee that you get them, for positively less than, one-half the regular price. After the free
examination, should you wish to keep the books, send us only 50 cents down, and then after that only $2.00 a month for only fourteen
y. -a-and one-half months and the books are yours. A total of only $29.50 for this splendid Library of Universal
%% History, De Luxe editi n, i.a Genuine Maroon English Crash Buckram bindingwithagenuineleathername-
Mgl plate, letters printed in pure gold—not gilt, but gold. You positively murt see these books io understand I
the tremendous bargain. So send the coupon today. Remember, you do not have to keep the books if you ■
*•., z don’t want them, but send them back at our expense.
.. ■•••... \ ’■■•••.. No Money—Just the FREE Coupon I
\ NOTE j We prepay carrying charges, others do not. We send the books themselves, not misleading sample
*•. *♦. **., ’*•. pages. Don’t delay sending the coupon. This offer may never appear again. Do this at once. NOW.
. X Underwriters Corporation I
240 Wabash Avenue, Dept. 6657, Chicago, 111. f;
’••. x <k<xV\\X (
Whert writing advertisers, please mention the Jeffersonian
C>l)4 Jeffersonian