that white women must leave Chinese men alone.
This incident will arouse the public and the seal
of disapproval will be placed upon young girls do
ing missionary work of this kind. ' Mission work
of this character should be for men because the
Chinaman cannot and does not have proper re
spect for women. He never has, as the women of
his own country are little better than slaves. This
condition cannot be changed in a few years and
the young girl missionary has no business trying
to convert the Chinaman. We missionaries have
known this for a long time and were not surprised
when we heard of Miss Sigel’s tragic death.”
To the same thing, practically, testified Rev.
D. Asa Blackburn and Rev. L. M. Haldeman,
in the New York World, last June.
Yet, because Watson bases an editorial on
such an array of evidence as all this, there
must be a tempest in a teapot at Cairo, Geor
gia. Or rather, a couple of tempests in a pair
of teapots!
In the Woman's National Daily, of June
22 last, Miss Helen Clark is quoted as saying:
‘‘There are more women missionaries degraded
by Chinese men than there are Chinese converted.”
Now, it is immaterial whether Rev. Paul
Wakefield first used the above words, or mere
ly had then called to his attention at Craw
fordville. His general testimony tallied with
that of Miss Clark and Mrs. Todd, and the
various clergymen already mentioned. The
horrible feature of Wakefield’s own statement
was that “we missionaries have known this
for a long time, and were not surprised when
we heard of Miss Sigel’s tragic death”.
The conclusion we drew from all this was,
—if the Chinese “converts” are such hypo
crites and criminals in this country, how do
we know that they are not hypocrites and
criminals in China?
It is vain to say that because such exalted
characters as Dr. Young J. Allen and Miss
Laura Haygood were missionaries to China,
that no abuses could exist in Chinese missions.
As well might you say that because Bishop
Potter, Dr. McArthur, Dr. Armitage and no
ble Father Ducey were engaged in religious
work in New York, there could be no evils in
the system there.
As well might you say that because Gov
ernor Hughes of New York is an honest man,
there is no graft anywhere in his state. As
well might you say that because Judge Law
son and Dr. Jones are good men, there can be
nothing wrong at the Georgia State Sani
tarium.
That kind of logic won’t do. It is childish.
To offer the testimony of travellers, like
Bryan and Roosevelt, does not touch the case.
Bryan has been to New York a hundred times,
yet he knew nothing of the conditions which
“we missionaries concealed”.
How, then, could Bryan, or any other trav
eller, tell anything about conditions under
neath the surface in the East? These travel
lers stop but a short while at each place, and
see only what appears on the surface.
® g) ®
The Florida Senators, Again
By due course of mail, the sizzling docu
ment faithfully copied below, came to me last
week:
“Macon, Ga., August 17, 1909.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
Do me the kindness to Discontinue your paper even
if the cost was The same, the Dirty little sheet will
never be found in my home. I have lost what Respect
I ever had for It. I enclose you clipping From your
paper July 15th 1909 in which you Say the Dirty
things so carristic of you and your Dirty little sheet
of The Hon. D. U. Fletcher Senator From Florida. I
have known him well for 35 years and knowing him as
I do I know that you have Belied him and Insulted
every man who knows him well, he is a Georgian In
whom we are well pleased and even the tongue of the
notorious Thos Watson cant chainge our opinion.
R. F. McCowen.”
Wow! That’s a hot one, isn’t it?
The editorials which put Bro. McCowen’s
pot to boiling were those in which certain
Democratic Senators who had gone over to
the Republicans and the corporations, at the
recent extra session of Congress, were cen
sured.
Senator Fletcher of Florida happened to
be in the bunch. Mr. McCowen says that he
has known Mr. Fletcher for 35 years and that
he knows I “belied him”. I did not do so.
His vote is on record, and he himself has
made no denial of the accusation brought
against him.
It gives me no pleasure to chronicle the fact
that so many Southern Congressmen betrayed
their constituents by their votes on the Payne-
Aldrich tariff bill. It not only mortifies me
to see them desert their own people in that
manner, but it saddens me. It has a tendency
to profoundly discourage those who have been
working and hoping for j uster laws and im
proved conditions. In many respects, Sena
tor Fletcher is no doubt a fine man. I made
no attack upon his character, and have none
to make. But his public record is public
property. Comment upon it is perfectly le
gitimate.
The Jeffersonian has a large number of
readers in Florida, and they know that this
paper will give them information about the
conduct of their representatives in Congress
which they are not apt to find in such cor
poration organs as the Jacksonville Times-
Union.
For one thing, I criticised Senator Fletcher
severely because of his vote against free lum
ber. Let us look into that a bit.
The Democratic party has always spoken
in favor of free lumber, when it has spoken on
that subject at all. The national platform
now in force demands the immediate repeal of
the Republican tariff duties on lumber. What
is a political platform, if it is not a contract
between the people and those candidates who
run for office on it? If the Democratic de
mand for the repeal of tariff duties is not
binding upon Democratic Congressmen, whom
does it bind?
Last year, Mr. Fletcher was making the ’
race for the position he now holds. Hon. N.
B. Broward, a people’s man, was one of the
candidates against him. Could Mr. Fletcher
have been elected, if he had declared during
his canvass that he intended to vote for a Re
publican for President? Surely not. Could
he have won if he had told the people that he
meant to vote with the Republicans, against
the national Democratic platform? Never in
the world.
He did not vote for Mr. Taft, but he did
something infinitely worse. Had he cast a
ballot for the Republican candidate for Pres
ident, his vote would not have hurt anyone, or
voted squarely in the teeth of the Democratic
helped anyone. But when he and Senator
Taliaferro went over to the Republicans, and
pledge for free lumber, he and his colleague
carried the whole State of Florida out of the
Democratic column and landed it on Repub
lican ground.
Did they do any damage by that? Their
votes gave victory to the gigantic lumber con
cerns, whose representatives were in Wash
ington lobbying to maintain the tariff, —the
“immediate repeal” of which was demanded
by the Democratic platform.
Who is hurt? Everybody who has to buy
lumber. Who is benefited ? Such concerns as
the Georgia-Florida Saw Mill Association,
the Dowling Lumber Company, the Consoli
dated Naval Stores of Jacksonville, and the
Hebbard interests which hold the vast Oke
fenokee swamps. These various corporations
own something like a million acres of timber
lands. The annual cut in Georgia alone is
800,000,000 feet. According to the telegram
which the convention of the G. & F. Saw Mill
Association sent from Jacksonville on Jan
uary 7, 1909, to Chairman Payne, of the
Ways and Means Committee, that combine
operates “1,400 saw mills and woodworking
industries”.
Now, it is notorious that Senator Taliafer
ro is mixed up with these big corporations.
He is said to own a great deal of stock in
Jeffersonian
some of them. Was it not a shameful thing
for him to vote money out of the pockets of
his constituents into his own?
That is virtually what he did, if he owns
an interest in anv of those timber and lumber
corporations.
Capt. H. 11. Tift, President of the G. & F.
Saw Mill Association, was so determined to
retain the tariff on lumber that he went to
Washington to attend to the matter in person.
He appeared before the Ways and Means
Committee in November, 1908, and then
Judge Jim Griggs, the Georgia member of
the committee, got him another hearing in
December.
Os course, the other Georgia and Florida
corporations which have gathered in the bulk
of the timber lands in those states were just
as earnest and as active as Captain Tift.
And they got a retention of tariff duties
which will mean at least $2 a thousand feet
more to them than they could have got, had
the Democratic Congressmen kept their con
tract with the people. Rough lumber, of
which practically none is marketed by these
big mills, is taxed at $1 per thousand feet,
while dressed lumber is “protected” to the ex
tent of $2.37 1-2 per thousand. It is fair to
assume that the people will have to pay about
$2 more per thousand feet than would have
been the case had not such Congressmen as
Taliaferro and Fletcher deserted their own
color and gone over to the enemy.
And because I am trying to keep our read
ers informed about such extremely important
matters, I must have thrown at me and at
The Jeffersonian such letters as that of Mr.
McCowen!
Verily, a reform paper finds Jordan a hard
road to travel.
gj g)
Poor Old China
As a condition to the Anglo-Japanese alli
ance, the Niponese had to abandon bimetal
ism, and adopt the gold standard.
China is as yet a silver-and-gold country,
but with the portentous coming of the Lon
don bankers and of J. P. Morgan into her
financial affairs, her monetary system is des
tined to change. The pirates will force her
to the gold standard, and we know’ what that
will do for her.
It has been the cause of two of our panics,
and we are certain to have others.
gl ® ®
Soft Answer to the Preachers
A reader of The Jeffersonian sends the
report of a missionary sermon recently
preached in Dublin, Ga., by Rev. S. J. Corey.
It reads well, and doubtless made a fine im
pression. We assume that it had “the desired
effect”.
Brother Corey himself holds a fat job un
der the foreign missions system, and he is not
entirely disinterested in wliooping up funds
for the 20,000 evangelists that are lucratively
engaged in converting the heathen. “Only
the ignorant and selfish oppose” what these
missionaries are doing, according to Brother
Corey. “Only the ignorant and selfish op
pose” the everlasting prodding of compara
tively poor people in America to compel
them to pay the expenses of “Boards” here
and “Boards” yonder, with high-priced sec
retaries in liberal numbers, —conducting mis
sion work along lines never contemplated by
the Apostles or the Fathers of the Church.
Within a few miles of where Rev. Corey
made his elaborate appeal for the heathen,
Miss Emma Perry is struggling and striving
to build up an industrial school where the
white boys of Georgia can get a lift upward.
That nobly patriotic young woman could
make splendid use of the money which Rev.
Corey will carry out of that community.
The missionary preachers are campaigning
(Continued on Page 12.)
PAGE NINE