cycle frame, or knew some one else had stolen
it—but because Broyles said he thought he
had gotten into bad company!
Reformatories for unruly boys may be a last
resort, but that any petty judge should take
eight years, out of a boy’s life and separate
him from his widowed mother is something
that could hardly happen anywhere in a civ
ilized community outside of Atlanta.
Taking a young son away from the influ
ence of a pure, brave woman (because she is a
widow and poor) and throwing him with all
sorts of bad boys, on a mere personal opin
ion, without warrant in offense, and without
parental consent to the proceeding, is some
thing that would have shamed the Dark Ages.
If some one gave your boy a few old wheels,
and you found out later that the other boy
had had no right to them in the first place,
would that make him a criminal? Would
you stand for it to see that little fellow taken
away from his mother and sent off somewhere
to be “disciplined” according to some methods
you had no voice in ? Would you want him
to be for eight years in company with other
lads, many of whom had shown actual vicious
ness ? Wouldn’t you consider that his dearest
rights to home, and tenderness, and gentle in
fluences had been violated?
Os course you would. But Paul had no
father to step in and fight such an outrage.
This incident may be “a local affair with
which a national paper has nothing to do.”
But out in Denver there is a judge who has
made “local affairs” of national importance
by fatherly kindness to the fatherless boy,
and the boys who go astray.
is high time that Atlanta, as a repre
sentative Southern city, should get in line.
The fee system encourages unnecessary ar
rests and high-handed proceedings like the
above, as well as other abuses of arbitrary
power, are a stigma upon Justice and a re
proach to humanity.
Mr. J. M. Outler Thinks Taft Re
sponsible for High Price of Staple
(concluded from page one)
When Cleveland was elected in 1892, cotton
went to ten cents. Under the low-tariff Wil
son act, the price hung around ten cents, dur
ing Cleveland’s four yaers. When McKinley
went in, and the diabolical Dingley law sent
the tariff rates skyward, cotton went down,
and stayed down. It went so low that the
highest price was 6 9-15. Then, under the
same tariff, and under a Republican adminis
tration, it again soared to 12, 13.70, and 16.65.
The next year after this highest record, cot
ton lost four cents. No change had taken
place in the law or in the administration.
Under the low-tariffs and Democratic ad
ministrations, prior to the Civil War, the
price of cotton ranged all the way from eight
to twenty cents.
Omitting the war period, and that follow
ing, when famine prices ruled and sent cotton
to $1.90 per pound, the planters had always
got more for the staple than they have ever
been able to get under Republican Presidents,
and high-tariffs.
The reason for this will be quite clear to
those who will give the matter careful con
sideration.
Low tariffs mean European competition,
which our manufacturers must meet by low’-
ering their prices. Cheap goods mean more
goods sold. The more goods that the con
sumers can buy, the greater the output of the
mills. And of course the increased quantity
of cotton manufactured and sold, creates a
stronger demand and a higher price for it.
That is self-evident, is it not? In no other
way can you account for the fact that under
Democratic ante-bellum Presidents and low
tariffs, cotton brought 20 cents two years, 17
cents two years, 16 cents two years, 15 7-8
Jeffersonian
cents one year, 14 cents three years, 13 cents
four years, 12 3-4 cents one year, 12 cents six
years, 11 cents six years, and 10 cents four
years.
When Cleveland was elected, in 1884, cot
ton was not affected, one way or the other.
The price hung around eleven cents, before
and afterwards. When Harrison beat Cleve
land, in 1888, cotton was not helped or hurt.
The price hung around eleven cents, before
the election and afterwards. In 1891, cotton,
at its highest, was 9 1-2 cents. After Cleve
land's election in 1892, it jumped to ten cents;
but the election had nothing to do with it.
Taft and high-tariff did not inspire those
speculators who boomed cotton. The gam
blers had done all they wanted to wheat, and
they turned to cotton to monkey with that
awhile. .(I am sorry to see the Farmers’
Union giving the people bad advice. Any
man who holds 13 cents cotton, —much less
14-cent and 15-cent cotton,—does a most risky
thing. He had just as well go and gamble at
a faro bank. He might win. there, but the
chances are that the gamblers would clean
him up.)
No. Mr. Outler. — the logical consequence of
Republican Presidents and high tariffs are
most ruinous to agricultural interests. THEY
NOT ONLY BREED THE TRUSTS,
WHICH ROB OUR CONSUMERS OF
FIVE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS PER
DAI (over and above eight per cent, net
profits), but they make it impossible for
European mills to compete with our. and thus
bring the prices of manufactured goods down,
and thus enable the people to buy more, and
thus make a natural increase in the demand
for raw cotton, and thus insure a steady, per
manent advance in price.
(By the way. Brother Outler. what Federal
appointment have von whetted vour appetite
for?) ' '
S ® ®
The Irrigated Farm
Mr. Gilbert M. Tucker is editor of The
Country Gentleman, one of the oldest, high
class agricultural newspapers in America.
Not long ago, he made a speech in Macon,
Georgia, his subject being the “Menace of the
Irrigated Farm". I wish that this address
could be read by every white voter in the
United States. (If you are interested, write
to Mr. Tucker, Albany, New York, and re
quest a copy.)
President Taft is committed to a bond is
sue of $10,000,000 for the reclamation of arid
land; and one of the Montana Senators de
mands the Government issue $31,000,000, in
certificates, for that purpose.
A system of Federal taxation which robs us
of $5,000,000 per day is not enough. We must
add to this crushing load, the expense of fur
nishing a favored few of the farmers with a
never-failing supply of water for their crops.
Wouldn’t it make a drought-ruined farmer
of Texas, Oklahoma, or Kansas feel happy
to reflect that he was being taxed to furnish
abundant moisture for the crops on the irri
gated farm?
A proposition more monstrously unjust
could not be made.
If the Government keeps on pushing that
reclamation work, do you know what it will
mean to the average grower of the crops that
are made on the irrigated farms? Why, it
means his ruin.
The average farm, which has to depend on
the heavens for the rain, can not compete with
the man who can get water whenever he
wants it. Those irrigated farms produce
from five to twenty times as much as the rain
watered farm.
How on earth are you going to be able to
meet the prices of the man whose land yields
a dozen times more than yours?
You simply can not do it. You’ll be driven
out of business. Your land will be worthless.
Neither you nor any one else can work it in
competition with the irrigated farms.
AND THEY PROPOSE TO GET. AT
YOUR EXPENSE, THE IRRIGATION
WHICH WILL PAUPERIZE YOU!
Get after your two United States Senators
about it; also your United States Representa
tive.
® ® g}
Show This to the Old Pop Who
Has Gone to Socialism
Ah ha, Mr. Socialist! I've got you good,
this time. Have you where B aller had the
hen. You've been abusing me. you know.
Tou've been saying that I was telling lies on
you, about that Free Love business. You've
won over thousands of the old Pops, by fool
ing them, as to the true meaning of Social
ism.
Now listen:
You publish, in Chicago, The International
Socialist Review, which describes itself as be
ing “a monthly journal of international So
cialist thought”.
It is edited by the prominent Socialist,
Charles 11. Kerr. On the staff is John Spar
go, the well-known author of books on So
cialism.
1 he November, 1909, number of this high
. * on Socialism contains a leading ar-
ticle, by Lida Parce. I have no information
as to this lady, but John Spargo and Charles
11. Kerr—to say nothing of the other mem
bers of the editorial staff, one of whom is
Mary E. Marcy—would never have accepted
and published the Lida Parce article, had it
not been all right.
IN THAT ARTICLE. LIDA PARCE
COMES OUT, FLATFOOTED, FOR
FREE LOVE.
She makes the same argument against our
marriage system that Herr Bebel makes, in
his obscene book, “Woman Under Socialism.”
(In the Jeffersonian Magazine. I am dis
embowelling that filthy, pernicious book.)
She uses the same words that are used by
Herr Bebel, the recognized leader of world
wide Socialism.
She “argues" that our present system of
marriage “enslaves” the woman, and that it
is necessary for her freedom and happiness
that mankind return to the “mother-right”
system.
Do you know what the mother-right system
was? IT WAN SEXUAL PROMISCUITY,
IN WHICH EVERY W6M/AA WAN EN
JOYED CARNALLY BY AAT AND
E] ERYBODY. The tribe could not tell
who was the father of the children, and hence
the mother was the only recognized parent.
I he four lower races lived on that swinish
level, *at first. BUT THE CAUCASIAN
RACE NEVER DID. THERE NEVER
W/IN-AA 7 AGE IN WHICH WHITE
WOMEN HAD THE MORALS OF NE
GRO WENCHES.—NEVER!
I don't know who Lida Parce is, but she
ought to be ashamed of herself. And John
Spargo ought to be ashamed of himself, for
publishing such nauseating stuff.
Hello, old Pop! Didn't they deny that
they were opposed to our marriage system?
Didn’t they claim that I lied on them, in
saying that they favored Free Love?
Yet, here is their great International Mag
azine. arguing against formal vows and legal
wedding!
7 hey say that we must adopt a system in
which nobody could know who was the daddy
of the child.
“Love" would be pretty “free”, under that
system, wouldn’t it?
Heavens! To think of such a thing as un
limited sexual indulgence, by everybody with
everybody, in a land that is cursed by 12,000,-
000 negroes, and by swarms of immigrants
from forty-odd inferior nationalities!
®! ® ®
PAGE FIVE