PAGE TEN
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
MORE MONEY LEAGUE OF AMERICA.
(From The Fitzgerald Enterprise.)
The More Money League of America has
been organized as the outcome of the proposed
scheme put forth by Isidor Gelders in our last
issue.
The League proposes to have made into a
law a bill to relieve the present financial
stringency and forestall another panic.
The success of this measure will employ
every able bodied man at his trade, make the
needed additions to our circulating medium
and start the most prosperous times this
country has ever known.
Read the bill carefully—it is surrounded
with every safeguard that the best business
ability can suggest.
Section 6. will create a redemption found
in Coin when the bonds are matured, and the
Government can redeem every dollar of the
currency created under this act in its own
coin thus paid in.
Write three letters —One to your Congress
man —and three to some friends asking them
to do the same. Simply state: We demand
that you support the Currency Bill proposed
by the “More Money League of America.”
There is no stronger influence than the
public sentiment behind a measure, especially
at this time when all Congressmen are asking
for re-election at the fall elections.
DO IT NOW.
The bill reads as follows:
Section 1. “The Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby authorized to issue cur
rency in such denominations as desired by the
applicant state, county or municipality author
ized in this act to deposit their bonds with
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. “Any state of the United States
desiring to make such public improvements
as erecting public buildings, building public
roads and for the improvement of its water
ways, within the state, shall be authorized to
issue bonds, not to exceed seven per centum
of the taxable value of the property within
the state, and which the Secretary of the
Treasury shall exchange for currency as here
inafter provided.
Sec. 3. 1 ‘ Counties in any state desiring to
ereet public buildings, school houses, or to
improve roads are authorized to deposit bonds
not to exceed seven per centum of the taxable
property in said county and to receive cur
rency for same as hereinafter provided.
See. 4. “Municipalities desiring to erect
public buildings, school houses, improve
streets, or build sewerage systems, are author
ized to issue bonds for same not to exceed
seven per centum of the taxable property of
said municipality, and to exchange them for
currency as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 5. “In no instance shall currency be
issued on such bonds when said municipality
has been organized less than ten years, or
has less than five thousand population, or
where the interest on their present bonded
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
indebtedness has been defaulted within five
years preceding such application.
Sec. 6. “The interest on such bonds shall
be four per cent and shall be payable in gold
or silver coin, semi-annually.
Sec. 7. “The Treasurer of the United
States shall kee pa separate account of such
transactions, and when the interest accrued
is equal to the par value of the bonds plus two
per cent per annum, he shall cancel said bonds
and return them to the authorities who issued
them. ’ ’
If you want any additional copies of the
bill for distribution or enrollment blanks for
“The More Money League of America/’
write to us, enclose stamp for postage and we
will supply you with a quantity of both.
More Money League of America.
Headquarters,
Fitzgerald, Georgia.
MICHIGAN LETTER.
Springport, Mich., April 13, 1908.
In your article entitled “Our Creed,’’ in
your last magazine, I find your views upon
woman suffrage, upon which you will permit
me a word, I’m sure.
While a woman has the same right to be
as coarse as any man, the acme of all abomi
nations is the coarse and loud woman.
That the suffrage would produce this char
acter of woman you take for granted and
build your argument thereon.
I grant you that “to have trained a per
fect hero, like Sir Philip Sydney, was a loftier
success than to have been a sexless, shrewish
woman like Elizabeth,” but could the suffrage
have brutalized a' mother so well fitted to rear
her son? The susceptibility of a woman to
the transformation into a shrew by the mere
act of voting, would hardly be in keeping with
the ability to rear heroes.
Should woman be deprived of the ballot
because she cannot fight? Might not this fact
alone prove her inherent fitness for the bal
lot?
The argument in favor of man’s monopoly
of the ballot, it seems to me, has not been suf
ficiently clinched.
What one or more things concerning voting
is so disastrous to womanhood? Is it the cast
ing a bit of paper in a box and the time it
swallows up to do it? Can it be the study
ing of government questions? Is th£ ability
to comprehend government issues based upon
muscle? Would a wife’s temperance ballot
lower her womanhood more than constant as
sociation with a drunken voter? Are you
sure this difference you speak of between man
and woman does not especially fit woman for
the ballot rather than unfit her and if one
side of the house is unfit that it is not man’s
side?
We are used to special privileges issuing
from the throne of man but it is hard to be
lieve and has thus far been harder to prove
that special privileges issue from the throne
of Grace. Sincerely,
(MRS.) MARION TODD.
SILVER DEMONETIZED.
I, Jesse Gillmore, a resident of San Diego,
California, and a citizen of the United States,
respectfully represent that Congress, on the
2nd day of April, 1792, enacted a coinage law
authorizing and directing the coinage of a
silver dollar, which law was executed during
81 years, rendering great benefit to our people
by increasing the money circulation, also
building up commerce with silver producing
nations. that Congress, on the 12th
of February, 187.% dropped said silver dollar
from the coinage law—-which action has
caused enormous losses and done an immense
amount of injury to our people, also to those
of nations who produce largely of silver, by
forcing a very heavy depreciation in the value
of silver bullion, and greatly injuring the
commerce between our country and those
nations, also by greatly demoralizing their
financial systems and forcing a reduction in the
value of their silver coin to one-half of their
previous value. For instance, the silver dollars
of Mexico, Bolivia, Peru and Chili to a value
of .50 cents each.
The suspension of the coinage of the silver
dollar, under the law enacted in 1873, was
denounced afterwards in the Senate and
House of Representatives, by members, as a
“fraud,” also a “doctored bill,” and denied
having any intention to demonetize the silver
dollar.
Here is -what Senators Allison, Bogy, Mor
gan, Beck and Bright, who were in the Senate
at the time of the passage of the law, had to
say in the Senate on the subject, after it was
found out the bill suspended the coinage of
the standard silver dollar and demonetized
silver:
“Why the act of 1873, which forbids the
coinage of the silver dollar, was passed no one
at this day can give a good reason.”—(Sen
ator Bogy of Missouri in Congressional
Record, volume 4, part 5, Forty-fourth Con
gress, first session, page 4178.)
“Did the people demonetize silver? Never!
It cannot even be fairly said that Congress
did it. It was done in a corner, darkly. It
was done at the instigation of the bondhdlders
and other money kings, who now, with up
turned eyes, deplore the wickedness we ex
hibit in asking the question even, Who did
the great wrong against the toiling millions
of our people?”—(Senator Morgan in Con
gressional Record, December 12, 1877, page
144.)
“But when the secret history of this bill
of 1873 comes to be told, it will disclose the
fact that the House of Representatives in
tended to coin both gold and silver, and in
tended to place both metals upon the French
relation instead of onr own, which was the
feme seientifle position with refieronoe to this