110.000 SICK PEOPLE,
I Remarkable Offer to the Sick From
I Z World’s Best Known Doctors
I Thousands of Men & Women He Will Give Ten Thousand Treatments Abso- All Diseases
I Bless Dr. Kidd’s Name | U f e |y Free to Aid Suffering Men and Women lll
From Every State in the Union, # r Dr. Kidd cures all diseases
From Every Civilized Country For the past eight years Dr. James W. Kidd has been one of the world’s most’suc- . he cured bv modem
Come Grateful Heartfelt cessful physicians. Thousands upon thousands of suffering men and women have taken *
. .. • a his treatment. Cured patients all over the world have recommended him to their friends medicine. He cures many that
Letters of Appreciation. and they to others. Thus has his practice grown and his patients increased until it prob- . . „
'Three years ago my only outlook ably can be safely said that he has treated and cured more people than any living physician. Otners consider incur a Die. tie
seemed to be the dragging through of a Year by year Dr. Kidd’s ability has increased —increased by experience, the best likes to begin where Others fall.
■ few weary weeks. I was in the first teacher—experience in thousands upon thousands of cases—every disease—every affliction Desoeratelv chronic cases are
stages of Consumption. Local doctors to w hich humanity is heir —increased by constant study of the best and most advanced e e
were unable to relieve me. You have methods of treating disease—increased by the addition to his staff of experienced and able his specialty. Rheumatism#
cured me and the English language fads specialists—men who have spent a lifetime in the study of the diseases of one or more RladdArTrmifilA
I? 5 ■ -TT organs ot lhe body-increased by the spending of thousands of dollars to better bi. method *" dne ’ r a “ d Bladder ! rouble,
otfier take your treatment of treat * n S patients in their own homes, thousands of dollars to perfect a system which Dyspepsia# Indigestion# Con-
I and be cured like myself.” These are would enable him to take care of the constantly increasing number of patients. Stipation and all Other dii-
Kans., in 1904. Today he says he is still eases of the Stomach# Liver
in perfect health. and Bowels, Catarrh#
Mr. Thomas L. Halferty of Brimfield, /" k A a a. i t» #. . •
■ Ind., says: “My son was taken down —" Asthma# Bronchitis# CnrOSlC
with Bright’s Disease in December, x Coutfhs. Weak and
1901; had passed blood in the urine for t r ~ I' • . * ® .
seven weeks. There were also albumen W Incipient Consumption#
and tube casts in the urine, and he had 1 Nervousness Neurasthenia
■ to pass urine as of ten as forty-three times F| jj ' Jill liT ' A^'er *'''UßneSß#
in twenty-four hours. After two short rT ■ ’RWf Female Troubles# Scrof-
courses of your treatment he was en- nQW LL- IL | I IIIjiItI -I JU Ts R»3 ' i t j a •
tirely cured, and is today stronger than Flj || Jjß "14 JJ fl 5 w Ula# impure lilOOG# Anemia#
he was before.’’ This boy, cured seven JQ fl 44 J|| Eczema, and all Eruptions
years ago, is still m good health. I 111 I H rT UH if , . 0 ,.
Dr. Kidd does not claim to be able to cure WM FL El i iHzS “ImMJWJ w'lL WS| an “ Diseases OK the Skin#
Consumption or Bright’s Disease, or any ill- r| gp I &|| . inn M mW I ll® I "rlj 44 44 41 Jwl T> x • I T» ■ •
other incurable disease. These testimonials Ij feaiL ArH SES \|JJ | 'fcLj ' ULJ 44 JJ] * artial IfaralySlf# JtlleS#
are offered simply to show the wonderful s== » = it . rr» ti »
results that frequently follow his treatment. Heart IrOUDle# Lumbago#
If in his opinion your case is incurable he rHFv WW WB? ' ill - ...
wiii frankly teii you so. But do not be dis- WW Ql / nfj TI jl wIMJrR iTvffi OF Obesity# General Debility
couraged—do not give up. Your case is prob- Fh Mj SW I I J J -4-1 irf i i
ably no worse than thousands he hasj cured. Br liMgn3 EH W- 4 ’ll J I and all other Chronic Ailments
On June 7th, 1904, Mrs. Mary W. Doe, Vas- • ijgL g> ®S’ | EtfU r JJL ML Prf“v* ■-••' Al
■ salboro, Me., wrote: “For 15 years I suffered f) gF? a gß 1 J J that medicine will reach he ha<?
from a spinal affliction, also kidney and ° XIUA meaicm e WILL reacn, D 6 nas
stomach trouble. I could not walk without Ufa fO? i) cured Men and wnmen went Ha.
a cane, and sometimes not at all—suffered .. ® ROW --curea. ivien ana women,WeaK, Oe- ■
continually was compelled to lie in one kilifof-A/l wam
position all the live-long night. lam cured. Dllltated, WOFH OUt, tired, failing, ■
My cane has been put away. lam free from t a ■
pain, can walk as well as ever, and sleep like LET HIM PROVE THAT
■ a child. I advise every suffering sister to
accept Dr. Kidd’s treatment. HE CAN CURE YOU*
I “ THE KIDD BUILDING — 1
C’llPdl After 20 Contains 37,000 square feet of floor space. The largest institution in the world devoted exclusively
Z — —— to the treatment of patients by mail in their own homes. With such an institution Dr. Kidd can w <U.U<l.lj><> >1.11111"
afford to, and will flulfill his every promise. «■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■
Years of Suffering « Medical Book Free
HBMiaaaiin " KW Dr. Kidd has been successful financially because of his remarkable ability as a doctor ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ □■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■
Wadena, la., R.F.D. No. 2. Oct, 17,1904. and because of the assistance that he has received from cured patients all over the world. a SI.OO BOOK FREE if you write at once
Dr. J. W. Kidd, Fort Wayne, Ind. During the past year he has had built the beautiful laboratory and office building shown The price of this interesting, instructive
Dear Sir: This is to certify that I, the above to accommodate this enormous business. Now better equipped, better able than book is SI.OO, but as long as the free issue of
undersigned,' was completely cured of rheu- ever to care for his patients, Dr. Kidd feels duly grateful to the friends who have assisted fJeTpostage paid to‘those who are
matism, kidney trouble and displacement of him in the past and has decided to offer a free treatment to the first 10,000 suffering men afflicted in any way. to those who write tell
fl the womb after 20 years of suffering. lean and women who apply. ing him how they suffer. This volume con-
tell the world I am cured and I hope all the i x •* l a •«».»« . . ... tains 180 pages of practical information and
■ sick will consult Dr. Kidd, for lam certain He asks only that if you are benefited, you will tell some friend or neighbor. No professional advice that every man and
that he can cure anything when he was able money—no obligation on your part. He makes this offer to you if you are sick —if you woman should know. It is well illustrated,
to cure me. are afflicted with any ailment—if you are worn out, tired or failing—if you have an ache deß cribes all diseases, explains all symp-
MRS. LIZZIE HOBART. or a pain-if you are not in perfect health-if life is a dragging miserable existence-if
■ 1 you lack the energy, vim, vigor and go that make life worth living —to you, no matter many diseases may be cured in your own
T rv ■" ■ A W what your disease, no matter if you are rich or poor, young or matter where you home. If you want to be well and remain
V# Isl XZ I LJ EL &■ AA 1 five —to you Dr. Kidd makes this offer to send a treatment prepaid and free, ABSO- wellth is is the book for you—and it is FREE.
mmms LUTELY FREE. Write today to Dr. James W. Kidd, Kidd Building, Fort Wayne, ——————————
This opportunity may never come Indiana. Describe your case and the free treatment will be sent by return mail. mav a vtAvaatani
again. The opportunity to secure the NOT A PATENT MEDICINE
services of such an eminent doctor en- immb um hmbmmmmoh gmmkbkmmbmmk
tirely free. To have him study your H E AS K S N O PA V Dr - KMd ’ s success m desper-
case, diagnose it, tell you how to be ■■ Am Iw Vr ■ ■ ate chronic cases is in a large part due to the
cured and send the treatment to prove ■■■■■■■ ■mmdmmmmmm mMßaaaa careful attention given to each patient. He
it. is one that should be accepted by * u wr wr «_»- . • . - oes not de P end on a patent medicine or
ivprv sick and afflicted man and woman. No “ on ey— No promise to buy—No papers to sign—No obligation, just write cure-all. ’’ but selects a special treatment for
ArrFPT IT NOW Disease does not Dr, Kidd a letter, tell him what you want treatment so describe your case — each individual case. Every symptom, every
I mfud^n. 1 You are either getting bet- sci “ f " e . ,y “ your ° wn ". Ord ’ f « el - D » !t ‘ Tomorrow may tK'S
ter or worse day by day. It is easier to b® to ° lat «» f °r thousands will accept shis generous offer. Write that letter today, tains the exact remedies necessary This is
fl cure your disease now than it will be by return mail, in a plain box, postage paid and FREE to you, FREE to any S?-^ areful atte otion that is offered you
thirty days from now. Write to Dr. afflicted member of your family, Dr. Kidd will send this treatment. It will be an f°r years the skill, knowledge and
Kidd now—tell him all about your suf- act of kindness to some afflicted friend or neighbor to call their attention to this bined in perfecting re™'
sering—tell it in your own words. By offer. You have nothing to lose, everything to gain. If you need treatment for dies for every possible affliction. Over one
return mail you will have the free any disease write at once. Address million people have taken Dr. Kidd’s treat-
I DR. J AMES VV. KIDD. 1824 Kidd Bldg. FT. WAYNE, IND.