PAGE FOURTEEN
GOVERNMENT MONEY DEMAND.
The United States Monetary League
Announces the Remedy, or
the Just Way.
We hereby voice the demand of
the people for plain simple equal
justice to all; that Congress create
money as authorized by the Consti
tution and validated by the Supreme
Court —gold, silver and greenbacks
or reasury notes, every dollar equal
and a full legal tender for debt, and
that money so created shall be paid
into circulation for government obli
gations and without the intervention
of banks, leaving banks to do busi
ness on their own money, in the same
manner as others do.
Respectfully submitted.
Jos. N. Stephens.
Nat’l Sec’y U. S. Monetary League,
634 17th St., Denver, Col.
L. H. Weller, vice president, Nash
ua, lowa.
Roman J. Jarvis, vice president,
Benton Harbor, Mich.
J. 'C. Jarnagin, vice president,
Warrenton, Ga.
D. A. Diltz, vice president, Park
man, Wyo.
C. C. Kauffman, vice president,
Greencastle, Pa.
H. M. Donnelly, vice president,
Box 917, Providence, R. I.
G. W. Drikard, vice president,
Lewiston, Mont.
R. H. Cleveland, vice president,
Pleasant Shade, Tenn.
Hiram Petty, vice president, Stew
artville, Minn.
T. L. Thomas, vice president, Bris
tol, Conn.
No one can deny that the highest
prerogative of government is to
create money. That power the peo
ple through the constitution dele
gated to Congress. They gave no au
thority for a transfer of that power.
They gave no authority to loan that
money. They gave no authority to
create fraudulent or imitation money.
The power to create certainly carries
with it the power to disburse, pay
out for the debt of the government.
And the government which cannot
put that money into use and circula
tion among its people, without fa
voritism or special privileges to any
one, is indeed weak and vascilating,
unworthy the respect or confidence of
its citizens. Such has long been the
condition of our unfortunate coun
try. Let us all join to remedy this
greatest evil. Address with stamp
The U. S. Monetary League, 634 17th
street, Denver, Colo.
This is a great country, and if you
do not like the kind of fanning you
are working at there are many others.
If you belong to a family that fol
lows the grind, grind system of all
work and no play, when you reach
your majority and start for yourself
follow out an easier system. Do not
condemn country life just because
you have been unfortunate enough to
be brought up in the home of a man
who knows nothing but grind. Do
not overlook the fact that if such a
man was your boss in the city he
would grind your life away. Long,
long before you were twenty-one
years old you would be occupying
some six feet of green turf, where at
last you would not hear the dreaded
call and curse of the boss.
Country life may not be and prob
ably is not what many would like to
color it; but, all things being equal,
it is far preferable to city life. That
is just where it comes in. City life
is never compared with country life
on an equal plane. Remember that
if you must work in the country for
a living you will have to work in the
city for one, too, and if you possess
the ability in yourself to rise above
the ordinary workman in the city
that same ability will carve out a
home for you in the country. Look
before you leap, consider all things,
and if you are sure you can better
yourself in the city go; if not, stay
on the old farm. —Griffin News.
Cotton receipts yesterday were 260
bales at 9 cents. On the same date
last year 90 bales at 10 1-2 cents were
sold on the local market. Boys,
shove in your cotton and help the
poor downtrodden speculator! The
men who are warehousing their cot
ton will sell it for more than 9 cents,
and don’t you forget it.
Those early sellers simply turn the
guns over to the speculators. It is
the men who control the crop who
practically make the price.
It appears that some of our farm
ers are afraid the poor speculator will
and they continue to drive
their cotton in and ask the boss what
he will give. We saw a lot of that
kind this week.
Union members, hold your cotton
and you will get the price set by the
union! Let the other fellow go on,
sell, get it in the neck, by the specu
lator, as he has been doing—the poor
speculator won’t make more than
from $5.00 to $20.00 a bale for his
■hard labor. But you hold on.
The producer who has sold his cot
ton early this year will soon discover
that the speculator will make more
on it than he has done.
Mark that, you farmers who are
driving in daily and begging the
speculator to take your cotton at 9
cents per pound. The speculator is
laughing in his sleeve at how he is
getting his next year’s rations out of
your cotton. —People’s Paper, Char
lotte, N. C.
A HANDSOME PAIR OF
DON’T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide
spectacle-wearers in the next few
weeks——on condition that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere.
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 3iS St. Louis, Mo.
NOTEThe above is the largest Al ail Order Spectacle
House in the world, and perfectly reliable.
XSfye. TFeffersonlan
STANDARD MACHINE KY
AMERICAN MACHINERY I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable I
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
uviurnn I Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
10 cniTTH mrqvth ctrfrt Saws, Pum P SI Boflen, Gasoline En-
49 aOuTIi FUKbYin gines Don’t buy until you get our prices and
4TI4NTA rroDCIA catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
ATLANTA, u GEORGIA p rices right.
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine-useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness. Constipation. Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy Is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action Is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
‘‘Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1908. x
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . ... O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE in the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY.
It is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It is full of fine
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 50
cents, or, clubs of sflx names, 50 cents; 12 for 81. Send us a club. Money back if not
delighted Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME, No. J., Birmingham, Ala.
Sixteen Pages Weekly
. SAMPLE FREE
On Trial 52 Weeks
Only 25 Cents
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia