PAGE TWELVE
WHEN THE DEVIL WAS SICK.
(Continued from Page,
prudent men in their own private affairs.
3. We believe that the right of taxation
was delegated to the government, both
state and national, to be used only for ab
solute necessities, and any other use of
this power is dishonest and tyrannical.
4. A surplus revenue in the treasury is a
glittering prize to be sought after by
political thieves and plunderers.
5. We are uncompromisingly opposed
to the enlargement and concentration of
federal powers; to the usurpation by the
central government of the functions of
state; to bounties and subsidies in every
form; to every species of class legisla
tion and government partnership with pri
vate enterprises, to the whole theory and
practice of paternalism.
6. We, who have within a generation
seen elections opened by the tap of a
drum, and the judicial powers of the state
usurped by courtsmartial, and a legisla
ture seized by a military clerk, and the
legally elected representatives of the peo
ple turned out of office to make by force
a subservient majority, have no desire to
take any chances on the political future.
7. We consider the government control
of postoffices as necessary and proper, be
cause the seal of the letter protects the
private affairs of the citizen from govern
mental espionage, but we protest except
in the regulation of prices against extend
ing this control over telegraphs and tele
phones, and placing in our midst a horde
of office-holders who will only be amena
ble to national laws and may at any time,
by the will of the majority, or, as often
happens in our federal affairs, by the will
of a minority, be turned into spies and in
formers. While we oppose governmental
ownership of railroads we endorse our
state railroad commission laws, and de
mand that the powers of the interstate
railroad commission be enlarged so as to
provide a "rigid, honest and just control”
of railroad transportation.
8. We demand the free and unlimited
coinage of both silver and gold on a parity
with each other to the end that the money
of the people shall be such in quantity
and quality as was originally contem
plated by the constitution.
9. We demand that the prohibitory 10
per cent tax on state bank issues be strick
en out of the national bank law, and when
this is done we desire that a uniform sys
tem of banking be provided for by the
legislature of Georgia, with a flexible ex
pansive state bank currency. We further
demand that the prohibition in the na
tional bank laws against accepting real
estate as security for loans shall be strick
en therefrom.
10. We demand that the amount of the
circulating medium shall be speedily in
creased on a sound basis sufficient to meet
the needs of the country.
11. We demand that congress shall
pass such laws as will effectually prevent
the dealing in futures of all agricultural
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and mechanical productions; providing a
stringent system of procedure in trials
that will secure prompt conviction, and
imposing such penalties as shall secure
the most perfect compliance with the law.
11. Believing in the doctrines of equal
rights to all and special privileges to none,,
we demand —
a. That our national legislation shall
be so framed in the future as to not build
up one industry at the expense of another.
b. We regard as the most important is
sue before the people a reform of the pres
ent iniquitous tariff and we demand a re
moval of the existing heavy tariff tax
from the necessities of life, that the poor
of our land must have.
c. We further demand a just and equi
table system of graduated tax on income.
d. We believe that the money of the
country should be kept as much as possi
ble in the hands of the people, and hence
we demand that all national and state rev
enue shall be limited to the necessary ex
penses of the government economically
and honestly administered.
14. We demand retrenchment and re
form in the expenditure of national reve
nues, and especially a correction of the
present pension system, which rests like
a mammoth war tax on our section of the
union.
15. We therefore, in a spirit of mutual
concession, offer this, our platform, to the
democracy of Georgia, and pray that a di
vine providence may incline our hearts to
wisdom, justice and moderation.
When Mr. Garrard finished reading the
paper it was unanimously adopted in the
midst of wild and long-continued ap
plause.
* W
Was Hoke Smith Afraid?
One of the loudest complaints against
the Old Gang was the early primary.
The Hoke Smith reformers denounced
this early primary system as a game in
which snap judgment was taken on the
people by the politicians.
Hoke Smith and the Atlanta Journal
"made the welkin ring” with clamors
against this early primary.
Even in his speech in Telfair county, IN
NOVEMBER, 1907, Governor Hoke
Smith was still condemning the early pri
mary, and pledging himself to give the
people a fair chance to express them
selves, after a full discussion of men and
measures.
That was only four months ago, AND
NOW HOKE HAS FLOPPED.
And, of course, the Atlanta Journal
flopped, too.
These two always flop together —Hoke
and the Journal.
Locking arms with the Old Gang, the
Hoke Smith reformers have called the
for the first week in June.
Here’s your early primary, with a ven
geance —but where are Hoke’s pledges?
Why has Governor Smith gone back on
those who fought his battles? Why has
he broken faith with the people?
Apparently, the Governor felt that he,
too, must take snap judgment on the peo
ple, or he would have formidable opposi
tion in running for a second term.
Genuine Russell Big 801 l
Cotton Seed For Sale
At following prices, f. 0. b. cars Alexander
City, Ala. 1 bu., $1.50; 10 bu., $1.25; 25 bu.,
or more, SI.OO per bu.
Alexander City, Ala. is the home place of
this wonderful variety of cotton, and I have
the pure stock.
G. F. PARK.
(Original Introducer of Russell Cotton.)
FASHION BOOK FREE!
I want to send you my handsome new
book showing hundreds of latest styles
with illustrated lessons on cutting and ST
dressmaking. I will agree to sell you fy
all the patterns you want for five
cents each. They are the same pat-x
terns you have always paid 10c & f A. 1
15c for at the stores, made by the / ‘|i 'll. ’. •». |
same people, and correct in ev- / , Ki • • /
ery detail. , A i ?ii /
HOW IDO IT. V\ Ji fc’.l- '
I publish the FARMER’S i- I‘J
a weekly paper for every member V i 1 J ,
of the family. The children’s letters V, ’1 • , l
each week are an especially inter- u i 1\
esting feature; and the Woman’s ff ' il ; lx
Department is unusually strong «'/ •, 1
and instructive. Among its spec- f. 4
lai features for women folks, is I . ;F’•■ •I > \
lis sash ions in which I show the ///.♦/ 11 I
Sc patterns. Let me help you #7 2 //) i. I I• %
to save money. yl'l'V'' •• *
MY SPECIAL OFFER U i A A
Send me 25c and I will send 1/ I I 1 .V 1 < i\A\
you the Farmer’s Call ev- fill ! 11 • ’ >\a\
ery week (over 1000 pages)//,<%/ 1 * vli
for one yearand willsend // J I • ill ,I’*, ■Ki
my big Fashion Book to £if 'Hii i1 < •, tt\’ *. Wk’X
you free. I also agree to v# /! ‘IX ;l ( W) fry.x*
sell you any pattern you it i’.j 1 Vfc \
want thereafter for sc. I ’
I can sell them for 5 cts
because I buy them by
the thousand and don't
make any profit. I don’t want the profit. I want your sub
scription to the FARMER’S CALL. You will save many
times the cost of mv offer in a year. WRITE TO-DAY!
JOHN M. STAHL, Dept. W. J. QUINCY, ILL.
Plant Truitt’s Big 801 l Premium Cotton Seed
for a heavy yield. Endorsed by Hon. Harv’.e
Jordan and every other planter who has used
them; SI.OO per bushel; in one hundred
bushel lots or more, 75 cents per bushel. Buy
direct from the originator. Address GEO. W.
TRUITT, LaGrange, Ga.
PETERKIN
COTTON SEED
1 to 10 Bushels, $1.50 per bushel
10 to 20 ” 1.25 ” ”
20 to 30 ” 1.00 ” ”
50 to 100 ” .75 ” ”
Order direct from the originator and get
pure seed.
J. A. PETERKIN, Fort Motte, S. C.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND ranch, Dallas, Tax