In the City and State of Him, the
Said William T. Ellis
(concluded from page five)
tant foreign countries the available charity
funds of our own people.
My unpardonable sin is, that I pointed to
the Lazarus who lies suffering, at our own
gate.
And as Dr. Broughton’s command of lan
guage is insufficient to adequately excoriate
me, he, personallv, imports the vocabulary of
one W. T. Ellis.
From where?
FROM PENNSYLVANIA!!!
Did you ever read of Pittsburg, and the
hideous conditions which prevail among its
poor? Did you ever read of its labor atroci
ties—the prison pens, the massacre of its toil
ers, the frequency of its crimes against
women ?
Bless your life! At the very time that
Ellis was abusing me, in words that are so
vile I will not repeat them, the negro police
men of his own city were making a wicked,
malicious, murderous attack, with clubs, on
white men, white women, and white children!
Dozens of Caucasian girls and grown
women were seen, last week, on the streets of
Philadelphia, frantically trying to escape
those brutal negroes—some of the women
having faces and necks all covered with their
life-blood, flowing from SCALPS CUT
OPEN BY THE CLUBS, OF THOSE NE
GRO POLICEMEN!
Scores of white men and boys were blood
ied in the same way; and some had shoulders
smashed; others, arms broken.
Labor troubles, you see. Why, in Phila
delphia, there has been an epidemic of sui
cides, due to poverty; and the sweat-shop
horrors are unutterably bad.
Thousands of its school-children are al
ways hungry; and neglected disease wreaks
havoc upon them.
Yet, this Mr. Ellis turns his back upon the
terrible facts which stare him in the face,
in his home State; and he comes tearing down
to Georgia, to rave about poverty in China!
And neither he, nor Broughton can find
words too violent to fit my case—my crime
being that I plead for our own people who
are in need of food, clothing, shelter, medi
cine, education and religion!
'Hiink of supplying thoroughly educated
trained nurses to attend, free of charge, a
heathen woman in the pangs of child-birth—
and then think how many thousands of our
poor women have to depend on an old black
“mammy”, or an unskilled white mid-wife,
or a fledgling doctor.
For suffering humanity’s sake, do what you
can to check this craze for the heathen.
Quit giving your money, until they quit
everything save the preaching of the Gospel.
How John Lee Raised the Dues
Mr. Watson:—Did you ever notice how John
Lee got the dues raised the last time they were
raised? He ruled that all non-present members
would be counted as in favor of the raise, that is
if I did not vote John Lee would vote me in fa
vor of the raise, if one-fourth or one-half were
not present and vote, though they might not fa
vor the raise John Lee voted them for the raise.
You see they wanted the raise, if the members
didn’t. You might look up this ballot-stuffing of
John’s and comment on it if you think it wise.
E. J. THORNTON.
ANSWER.
Yes; I was aware of the neat but not gaudy
manner in which Boston John lifted the boys
a notch or two.
Nobody ever thought of counting, as pres
ent a/nd voting, a man who was present but
not voting, until the late lamented Thomas
B. Reed did so. The country shook with rev
olutionary turbulence when Reed the Czar, as
he was called, made that outrageous ruling.
'ZfcfTcrsonlan
As John Quincy Adams argued, unanswer
ably, if a member of Congress believes that
he can best serve his constituents and his
country, by not voting, although present, it is
his right to refuse to vote.
Czar Reed arbitrarily annulled this right;
and counted, as voters, all present, whether
they voted or not.
But even Czar Reed never went to the mon
strous extreme of counting as voting, in fa
vor of a proposition, those members who were
not even present.
Nobody ever dreamed of doing such a thing
as that, until Boston John’s head began to
swell, after his election at Macon.
I’ve never seen Johnsey presiding over a
Convention, because he doesn’t believe in do
ing things in the open. A ravenous fondness
for Secret Sessions, and “closed doors” occu
pies ten-tenths of Johnsey.
Apparently, it hurts his eyes to look the
public in the face.
Duck is down with the same misery.
So is Bode. Ditto Ladson.
It’s none of my business how much the
Farmers’ Union dues are; but I don’t mind
saying that the way John Lee raised those
taxes was as high-handed an outrage as ever
was committed. T. E. W.
What Did I Tell You About Those
Northern Labor Unions?
“Little birds” have away of bringing me
things which other editors miss. One of these
helpers told me a good joke on you Farmers’
Union Reubs.
lou know, Reuben, I’ve been trying to get
you to notice where you're goin’. You are a
headstrong person, and you never were
known to stop, after you’d got started, until
you had gone and done it. Didn’t I do my
best to keep you out of Harvie Jordan’s ri
diculous movement “to bring about closer re
lations between grower and spinner”? You
wasted lots and cords of The Filthy, at that
foolishness—before discovering that Harvie
was making a monkey out of you.
(By the bye, Reub, why don’t you spin your
own cotton? Since the Tariff wall is there,
and you are afraid that an attack on it will
get you into politics, (O! how terrible that
would be!) why dorit you take the benefits
of the Tariff, by spinning your own cotton?)
But what I started out to do was to tell you
the joke we have on you. The Jeffs warned
you to let those Eastern and Northern Labor
Unions alone. We told you that there was
no identity of interest to draw the different
organizations together.
But you just wouldn’t listen. You had to
have President Gompers attend your Con
vention, and you had to send delegates to his;
and the first thing you knew, you were elect
ing Grady, in public, while a secret midnight
conference was appointing Boodlehunter.
Which was too much, for Yours-to-bet-on,
and I began to yell.
Whereupon, some made-in-the-dark plans
went to pieces. The plotters did a lot of ly
ing, “behind closed doors”, (and otherwise,)
and they managed to save their scalps, but
the secret plans had to be abandoned.
But a very sanguine, persistent man is
Bro. Gompers. Fie would like mighty well
to have the use of the great Farmers’ Union
in his business. Would love to have Farm
ers’ Union push, for Pearre bills, “and sich”.
So what doth my great and good friend,
Gompers, (and he is my friend, and a fine
man, to boot,) but send his national legisla
tive agent, or lobbyist, to spell-bind the Legis
lative Committee of the Farmers’ Union.
When Bro. Gompers’ spell-binder got to
going, in his harangue before your Commit
tee, he raved like a Socialist. Fie said that all
our troubles grew out of the land question,
and that the root of it was the private owner
ship of land. He wanted this abolished at
once, if it couldn’t be done earlier.
Now, Reuben, my son, what DO you think
of that? Wouldn’t you like to have seen old
Bro. Fred Wimberly’s countenance, while
that Northern Labor Unionist was advo
cating the confiscation of F. D.’s splendid
farm ?
The Trusts are not the evil: the money sys
tem has nothing to do with it: the extrava
gance of the Government doesn't hurt: the
railroads and the express companies are mere
flea bites: the thing which creates National
Poverty, the army of unemployed, deaths by
starvation, suicides to escape hunger and
hopeless woe— is your owning your home.
To that effect, spoke the national repre
sentative of The American Federation of
Labor.
Say. Reub ! Didn t you agree to become
the partner of the Labor Unions, and to buy
nothing that didn’t have the Label on it?
Now, what do you think of it, son?
Let me be perfectly fair, and say that Bro.
Gompers condemned his agent’s speech, when
your men told him about it. But is it possi
ble that Bro. Gompers was ignorant of his
agent’s views? Is it not presumable that the
man has been making similar speeches in the
Union meetings?
It is quite a joke on you, Reuben, that you
should hook up with chaps who say that you
are the cause of all this trouble: and that the
proper way to mend matters, is to confiscate
your land.
Be good, Foxy—and watch, as well as prav.
Helping Chinese Orphans to Pay
Off a Mortgage in China
In China a father and mother who pro
fessed to be Christians died, leaving two little
. and a mortgaged home.
The missionary to whose flock the parents
belonged wrote to the South Georgia church
which was supporting him, urging that this
church raise the money to pay the mortgage
off the China home.
And the church is actually doing it-
\ les, sir, that South Georgia congregation
is being pulled by two Foreign Mission zea
lots for funds wherewith to lift the debt due
on the property of those two Chinese boys.
So the '"Go ye” means sending money to the
heathen to pay their debts!
My Lord! Yd here is this mission craze to
stop ?
In that same South Georgia town, lives an
invalid widow—white—who has two invalid
children. The church which is paying the
Chinese orphans out of debt, has never given
that white widow and helpless children a
cent.
Had it not been for the Primitive Baptists
and some charitable country people those af
flicted home-folks would have perished of
want.
Conventions Bureau of the Busi
ness Men’s League of St. Louis
Convention Committee—Lyman T. Hay, Chair
man; Goodman King, Vice-Chairman; J. D.
Abeles, C. C. Butler, Edward A. Faust, T. H.
Glancy, Henry C. Lewis, Capt. Robert McCulloch,
Pat. Short, Otto F. Stifel, Charles A. Stix. J. D.
Abeles, Treasurer; Thomas L. Cannon, Secretary-
Manager; 523 Commercial Building; Telephone.
Olive 1028.
St. Louis, March 14, 1910.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir:—You are invited to deliver an ora
tion before a convention of THE FARMERS’
EDUCATIONAL AND CO-OPERATIVE UNION
OF AMERICA. This convention opens in St.
Louis, Monday, May 2d, and continues to Satur
day, May 8, 1910.
You can select your subject for morning, after
noon or evening of either day. I will appreciate
a prompt response from you giving date and sub
ject.
The Farmers’ Educational and Co-operative
Union of America and allied organizations have
an enrolled membership exceeding 6,000,000 men.
There are now reported in this office more than
fifty organizations that will send delegates. The
PAGE THIRTEEN