PAGE TWELVE
Brother R. C. Cleckler Has Dam
aged the Cause
(concluded from page nine)
(lii the hot old times when we Pops had the
Southern Bourbons scared and mad, the av
erage Democrat honestly believed that I was
a modern edition of the devil. Those were
the colors in which their papers painted me.)
The Index or the Advocate will publish
some contradiction of some statement made
by me, and the subscriber, who never sees The
Jeffersonian, no doubt exclaims, “Ah ha !
They’ve nailed another Watson lie!”
Take the Advocate of September 15th, for
instance. Therein, Brother R. C. Cleckler
seems to damage me considerably; but one of
my own readers would have no difficulty in
deciding that the case against unscriptural
mission methods has not been hurt at all.
On the contrary, decider’s letter can be
turned against the fanatics. (Watch me do
it.)
Brother Cleckler uses a letter from Rev.
R. S. MacArthur, of New York, in which he
states that he did not use the words attrib
uted to him by me, and that he had so in
formed me by letter. That is true, and I
have corrected the proofs of the Missions book
accordingly. Hut the statement which Dr.
Mac Arthur repudiates was made by Rev. Dr,
Asa Blackburn, of New York, to the same re
porter of the New York World who inter
viewed Dr. MacArthur!
In what way does it help the fanatics to
prove that it was the Rev. Dr. Blackburn who
made those soul-harrowing exposures, instead
of the Rev. Dr. MacArthur? Both of these
clergymen were selected by the New York
World, because of their prominence and their
representative characters. Dr. MacArthur
himself says, in the letter published in the
Advocate, that “another minister" did give
the reporter the awful confession which the
World, published and which I used.
Now, this other minister was the Rev. Dr.
Asa Blackburn, and his sickening admission
was that “an awful object-lesson in depravi
ty” would be taught by a publication of “a
list of the mission girls ruined by the Chi
nese whom they are teaching."
Dr. Blackburn declared that the country
needed “to be horrified," and said he would
be “in sympathy with any measure, however
shocking, which was adopted to save our
young women from the infamy." He said
that the “churches would be supremely grate
ful" if the ITorZiZ would publish the list of
the victims of the system. “Nothing short
of such an exposure will stop it.”
Yet when I make the attempt to win the su
preme gratitude of all the churches, by doing
the very thing Dr. Blackburn declared to
be so necessary, I fail to win it. On the con
trary, I am virulently attacked in some of the
churches, and reviled in most of the sectarian
papers.
Is Dr. Blackburn a less creditable witness
than Dr. MacArthur? How does it hurt my
case to use the evidence of the one, instead of
that of the other? The truth is the impor
tant thing; and Dr. Blackburn spoke posi
tively of what he knew to be the facts about
Chinese missions.
As to Dr. MacArthur, his interview in the
lIYrZtZ corroborated, in a general way, that
of the other minister, although he said that
his church had been fortunate enough to es
cape from anything worse than the marriage
of two white girls to Chinamen. A fair sum
mary of the MacArthur interview is this—
“lt is recognized among all of us that the
present system is fraught with fearful peril
to the Caucasian girls; but in my church,
luckily, none of the Chinamen seduced and
debased the woman missionary.” (Don’t take
my word for it; just read the interview itself,
as it appears elsewhere.)
Then Mr. Cleckler gives the Advocate a
letter from precious Paul Wakefield, in which
3effersOttiaft
that ludicrous individual asserts that he
“knew nothing of the report of his lecture,” —
the lecture in which precious Paul made the
terrible confession which Dr. August Bach,
of Los Angeles, has since corroborated. As
has been proved in The Jeffersonian,
precious Paul invited the reporter, Mr.
Charles Bowers, to his room, and gave him
the lecture, in advance of its delivery. The
reporter requested precious Paul to “talk
slow”; and the notes of the lecture were made
as precious Paul slowly rattled it off.
In his letter to Mr. Cleckler, this jaunty
prevaricator, Wakefield, says he can produce
thousands of witnesses to support his account
of his lecture. We won't ask for hundreds of
witnesses, much less thousands. Just let pre
cious Paul secure a statement from Rev. Mr.
Mansell, of the Christian church of Craw
fordsville, Indiana; also a statement from
Mrs. Mansell; and two or three members of
the audience that heard his lecture in Mr.
Mansell's church.
Mr. R. C. Cleckler, and you, Dr. W. C. Lov
ett —don’t you think that Dr. Wakefield
should offer something, besides his unsupport
ed word, under circumstances like these?
Then, Mr. Cleckler gives the Advocate a
letter from Miss Helen Clark, in which occurs
significant language. She claims that the
newspapers distorted her interview, and that
she did not make the sweeping statement about
the wholesale ruin of women missionaries by
Chinamen; but she adds — "but 1 can not take
back a single thing that I have said or writ
ten on the subjects
What subject? Why, the subject of wom
en teachers for the Chinese. On that, Miss
Clark declares she has “taken an unequivocal
position."
And what is this “unequivocal position?’’
That the system of individual instruction of
Chinamen by mission women has led to the
degradation of many mission women, and it
must be discontinued!
“I can not take back a single thing!" ex
claims the brave, truthful lady; and I glory -
in her spunk!
Neither have they made Mrs. Florence
Todd “take back a single thing.” Mrs. Todd’s
evidence was similar to that of Dr. Asa Black
burn.
Nor have they been able to make Mrs. Char
lotte Smith “take back a single word.” This
lady is president of the Woman’s National In
dustrial League. What she says about the
results of Chinese mission work coincides with
the statements of Dr. Asa Blackburn. Hear
her: “The Chinese are like a sponge; they
absorb and give nothing in return but bad
odors and worse morals. They are the stand
ing menace to the women of this country.
“I found one hundred and seventy-five wom
en who had been baptized in the Christian
faith, living with Chinamen in New York.
The women bring young pagans into the
world, and worship in josshouses, becoming
disciples of Confucius. '
“They (the Chinese) can never be Chris
tianized.
“It is time Christian women began mission
ary work in our big cities. The heathens
are making more converts to Confucius than
the missionaries are making converts to Chris
tianity.
“KEEP THE MISSIONARIES AT
HOME AND HELP SAVE THE BODIES
AN WELL AN THE SOULS OF OUR
GIRLS.”
(God bless this noble and dauntless wo
man.)
So you see when you examine the matter
carefully, you reach the conclusion that the
Advocate has not mended matters much by
the publication of decider’s letter.
Try; try again, Brother Cleckler!
Reader, don’t you think the religious pa
pers ought to give both sides, as I do? Get
after them about it. Demand that they pub
lish pieces on the other side.
Don’t you think that Dr. Lovett and Mr.
Cleckler, and Dr. Corey should demand of
Dr. Paul Wakefield that he obtain the evi
dence of Rev. Mansell and of Mrs. Mansell,
as to the truth about that Crawfordsville lec
ture ?
1J72Z7A 1 TO DR. W. C. LOVETT, AT
LANTA, GA. Tell him that you want some
thing better than Wakefield’s own statement.
The case against him is too powerful to be
broken down by his unsupported word.
DEMAND CORROBORATION!
S) ® ®
How, Now, Drs. Corey and
Wakefield?
Crawfordsville, Indiana, October 12, 1909.
Dear Sir: —Yours of the twenty-seventh ultimo at
hand, and an apology is due you because I have not
answered sooner. You refer to the interview which oc
curred in the Journal on June twentieth in which Dr.
Wakefield is quoted. I had the interview with young
Mr. Wakefield at his own solicitation the day before
the lecture. I met him at the Crawford Hotel. We
sat in chairs side by side, one of which was provided
with an arm-rest zvhich 1 used during the interview for
a writing-desk. I was so close to him that our arms
touched. HE SAID IN SUBSTANCE EVERYTHING
THAT IS IN THE INTERVIEW. AT THE BEGIN
NING HE TALKED TOO RAPIDLY, AND I CALLED
A HALT SO THAT I WOULD NOT MISQUOTE HIM.
AFTER THAT HE TALKED MORE SLOWLY, SO
THAT I TOOK DOWN IN LONG-HAND ALL THAT
HE SAID, FOR THE EXACT REASON THAT I HAD
NO DESIRE TO CREDIT HIM WITH A STATE
MENT HE DID NOT MAKE. IN FACT, HE MADE
SOME STATEMENTS THAT WERE NOT FIT TO
PRINT. These, of course, were left out. Ido not pre
sume to know what Dr. Wakefield intended to say that
he did not utter. I am not a mind-reader. I know
ony this —that he was not misquoted. The intervieio
was written by me, and as it was written the notes
were before me. I had no reason to credit him with
something he did not utter. 1 see by a letter in The
Jeffersonian that Dr. Wakefield denies that he was
given a fair deal. IT WA# BAD ENOUGH FOR HIM
TO MAKE SOME OF THE STATEMENTS HE MADE
TO ME. IT IS MUCH WORSE FOR HIM TO DENY
IT. Dr. Wakefield is a young man who has some
things to learn.- It is my opinion that a man who so
licits an interview as he did would afterward read the
paper that had it. He never made a word of complaint
until after you had taken the matter up. The other
paper in this city had practically the statements in it
that appeared in the Journal.
Very truly, C. A. Bowers,
City Editor the Crawfordsville Journal.
Ed. Comment: The above refers, of
course, to “what we missionaries concealed”.
Dr. Paul Wakefield, of Springfield, Illinois,
declared in his lecture that “we missionaries”
had long known that Chinese men, “con
verts”, had been ruining white girls who were
engaged in mission work. The Elsie Sigel
case did not surprise the missionaries; they
had “known for a long time” that such hor
rible conditions were incidental to the work.
White girls were put on the job of converting
the Chinamen; the slant-eyed devils pre
tended to be Christians; and the girls, who
had not been warned of their dangers, were
dragged down into lives of shame!
We missionaries being fanatical on this
subject, allowed the hideous thing to go on,
without opening our lips, either to the un
suspecting girls or to their uninformed
parents!
Considering this one of the worst things
that ever came out of hiding, I wrote of it in
both Jeffersonians.
Rev. Dr. S. J. Corey, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
is secretary of the board. Dr. Wakefield is
a missionary who works under the board.
( oniing down to Dublin, Georgia, to rake in
more of the filthy stuff, Dr. Corey was told
about the W akefield statement. It was injur
ing the cause, don’t you know.
So Dr. Corey wrote me that Dr. Wakefield
would deny these newspaper reports, which
he did.
The letter of Mr. Bowers shows how one of
the reports got into the papers. The report
which the other paper gave of the lecture was
telephoned to the reporters by the wife of the
Christian minister in whose church Wakefield
lectured.
This lady made her report after the lecture