PAGE TWELVE
THE DENVER CONVENTION.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
should have promptly expressed his regrets.
He has never done so.
But a more memorable feature of the Den
ver Convention was the manner in which a
Standard Oil man ran it for Bryan, at Bryan’s
instance. It was Haskell of Oklahoma who
bossed the job of making the platform.
It was Haskell who managed the matter of
the throwing out of Guffey of Pennsylvania—
and a most high-handed and illegal business it
was.
Throughout the Convention it was Haskell,,
with his self-assertive air, his overbearing
swagger, his boisterous and dominant voice,
that carried to the Bryanites *the influence of
Bryan. x To every one who opposed him he
applied the one effective taunt, “That’s Stand
ard Oil! Back to your oil tanks.”
With this ever ready and terrible lash, the
noisy, blustering Haskell whipped opposition
into silence. What magnificent bluff it was!
HASKELL WAS A STANDARD OIL MAN
HIMSELF. AND FRY AN HAD KNOWN
IT EVER SINCE FALL.
And when Hearst and Roosevelt held this
scoundrel and hypocrite up to the public gaze
in his true colors, how boldly Bryan and Has
kell denied, demanded proofs, and browbeat
the prosecution!
Not until Haskell had been securely trap
ped did Bryan “own up,” and put the knave
off the committee.
But Bryan knew just what Haskell was.
That’s why Haskell was selected.
. Bryan wanted the aid of all those corpora
tions which were offended with Roosevelt for
not letting them alone. He wanted to use, as
a political asset, the wrath of the criminals
whom the President had prosecuted.
Therefore, Haskell’s record and character fit
ted him to do exactly what Brvan wanted done.
* 4*
Bryan and His Bear.
The gentleman who had the bear bv the tail
and was afraid to let him go was pleasantlv
occupied as compared with Mr. Bryan during
the last few davs in his relations with Has
kell of Oklahoma. Evidentlv it was a real love
match from the beginning. The airv fairv Has
kell and the flambovant Brvan. shepherds both.
We can understand that Haskell, with his gift
of speech, his innumerable and gaudy schemes,
his loud talk and his formidable, not to sav
resplendent, front, was nicelv calculated to
produce a favorable impression upon the equal-
Iv windv and pretentious Brvan. Fasv to see
that it has been hard to unlock the loving grip
and send him adrift.
Haskell dawned on the Denver convention
a thing of noise and truculence All his fruit
less manipulations were behind him. H e
seemed a tower of strength. Colonel Tack _Ab
ernathv caught wolves with Ms hands, and
doubtless ate them, hair and all. pn _
thrallinc- the simnle soul of Theodora Pnoco
velt. Haskell chased nredatorv cornorations
desnoiled them and left their bones t n
on the plain, wher*»bv h'"' camo to in fUo
midriff of thz» Peerless D if- TT<icl-*»11 wM
fell nnnn Colone-tr Tnrnes Guffpv nn d n-U
pvierpratino- h’S claims tn communion nnd d’'’-
miccinor his nalt’—r frarmaertc; fQ w indc
Wasn’t it also Haskell who nresided nm Hw
of Prv cn with whit« sonjed re
former Roo-cr 9’ilJivan of Chicac-o' 3 T* cnonm
to ns that m all ■♦■hosn preliminaries "Hash-oil
was the r’oflit h°nd +he frvln ond most rff fhr»
or>nds nf the Noht-ad™ PrnnW n n d did
all thinn-s to hie qnf ieffa ; on. And if he ho d
berm nt som z ' time in hie nn'-'Oi*amir* mes n
brother or a henchman nf *h« O<-tnncc cm-nUr
failure had erased th« +mil and nn v - oin-cnits
and ecstasies had sealed him to + hn Cmice
Years have dealt kindiv with Mr, Bryan in
dje Jeffersonian
the matter of his* bank account, but they have
not increased his capacity for holding a bear
by the tail. He has taken on a paunch, and
by the same token released a shining and an
oily dome where once the lovelocks sprouted
freely. He is no longer fitted for violent ath
letics. Tried by that standard, he is given to
redness behind the ears and a jerky diaphragm
withal. And even if the adolescent ardors of
1896 were with him still and he believed in
himself with real enthusiasm, Haskell would
nevertheless have been a weary and distressing
drag. —N. Y. Sun. -
1? n
When Was Senator Jones Tm ployed?
In one of Archbold’s letters to Foraker, the
Standard Oil magnate enclosed a copy of a
bill which Senator James K. Jones, of Arkan
sas, had introduced, and which Archbold
wanted killed.
The bill never became a law. It was put to
sleep so deftly that nobody took notice of the
hour when it “retired.”
Later, it was publicly announced that Sena
tor Jones had been employed by the Standard
Oil Company.
He was in its service the remainder of his
life.
He was one of those who buncoed Roose
velt in the matter -of the Prairie Oil & Gas
Company. He and Depew assured the Presi
dent that the Prairie Oil was a rival of the
Standard Oil —an independent concern, which
ought to be encouraged.
The Standard Oil Company paid Jones, the
Democrat, and Depew, the Republican, to de
ceive the President, and they did so.
Now. the interesting question is, WHEN
DID TONES SELL OUT TO THE STAND
ARD?
Was it during his term as Senator from Ar
kansas ?
And was that the secret reason why his bill,
which antagonized the Standard, went to
sleep ?
Did this past-master in political knavery in
troduce the bill for the very purpose of com
pelling the Standard to buy him off?
It looks that wav. Incidentallv, this Sensor
Jones was the Bryan manager of 1896 who
contemptuously insulted the Southern Popu
lists and said that they could “go to the nig
gers, where they belonged.”
At that identical moment Jones was no
doubt the hireling of Standard Oil.
Vote Tor Broton and Tor "Disfranchise
ment.
We earnestly advise every Populist and
every Democrat to give a hearty support to the
nominee of the White Primary—Hon. Joseph
M. Brown —and also to the constitutional
amendment disfranchising the negroes.
Let no one be misled bv the treacherous
bushwhacking tactics of Hoke’s organ, the At
lanta Journal. There are a few soreheads who
seem so eager to do spite-work that they will
employ the most unworthv methods; but sure
ly the rank and file of all parties throughout
the state want to do the right thing. Let us
be honest, not so much because it is the best
policv. but because it is right.
Certain politicians—in Atlanta, chiefly—have
been sadlv disgruntled. They were put on a
high horse bv the election of 1906. and they un
dertook to ride over everybody. They came
to grief, naturally. When a secret council of
political plotters undertake to revolutionize the
settled apportionment of power In State Con
ventions —the people themselves not having
been consulted upon the subject —the said plot
ters deserve to get it in the neck. Such arro
gance, such presumption, such contemptuous
disregard of the millions who are not in the
plot, is not onlv an outrage upon those un
consulted millions, but a crime against popular
self-government.
But of course the plotters can not see it
that way. Hoke Smith and Boykin Wright
will never forgive the leaders of those who
brought the plotters to grief. Hence the con
tinual nagging at Joe Brown; hence the con
tinual abuse and misrepresentation of Wat
son ; and hence the underhanded work against
the primary of June 4, 1908.
In spite of all this malice and meanness,
however, we confidently expect to see the peo
ple of Georgia rise above all appeals to political
passion and prejudice. Our future welfare de
pends upon the sacred observance of good faith
in standing by the White Primary and its
nominees.
Insidious attempts have likewise been made
against the Disfranchisement law. When
Hoke Smith slipped that amendment through
the legislature, this year, changing the law of
last year, and postponing the date at which
the law should go into effect to January 1,
1909 —whereas the law as passed last year pro
vided that it should go into effect in October,
1908 —his obvious purpose was to give the ne
groes at least one more chance to dictate to the
whites.
If the white voters should desire to throw
the electoral vote of Georgia to a native Geor
gian, they will not be able to do it unless they
can overcome the negro vote which Hoke’s
recent amendment invites to the polls.
By the compact of 1905, put into law in 1907,
the negroes were not to vote in the November
election of 1908.
After Hoke was defeated at the June pri
mary tliis year, and after Watson entered the
race for President, Hoke changes the law and
brings the negroes back, to control the whites.
But notwithstanding this phenomenal piece
of bad faith, repudiated contract and spite,
we urge every one of our friends to vote for
the disfranchisement amendment.
Let us keep our word, although the other
fellow doesn’t keep his. Let us do what we
think is best for the state, sinking every per
sonal consideration into that.
When Hoke brings the negroes back to the
polls, by his change of the law and contract,
he does harm to .the state, but he hopes to
taste the sweets of revenge on Watson.
Bah! How childish.
Watson will take the nobler
standing by the contract which Hoke has vio
lated—for the simple reason that he will there
by do good service to the state.
Hoke and Dick Tor Disfranchisement.
At last Hoke Gray and Dick Smith have
come out in favor of the measure to which the
mighty ones owed their triumph in 1906.
W e had begun to think that the cat had got
the tongues of these mighty ones. Their fail
ure to say a blessed word in favor of our Dis
franchisement law—the pet of the Holy Al
liance of 1906 —was beginning to hurt them.
People could not understand it. The Jeffer
sonian was loyally keeping faith, as usual, but
the mighty ones were not coming - up with their
end of the stick.
By slipping that amendment through the
legislature this summer, changing the disfran
chisement law of last summer, Hoke had two
objects in view:
1 (1) lo sand-bag Watson and the Pops with
the negro vote one more time.
(2) 1 o so disgust and enrage these former
allies as to provoke them into opposing the
law.
I la\ ing miscalculated, as he often does,
Hoke at last comes out in favor of disfran
chisement. So does Dick.
It was high time.
1 laving been whipped into line for Joe
I n own, as well as for the constitutional
amendment, the Journal had better instruct its
funny man to write a “piece” on the subject of
“How to eat crow,” and another on “The ethics
of bush-whacking.”