PAGE EIGHTEEN
POE|TRY
UNCLE JOSH AND REFERENDUM.
By Pius Clements.
Now I’m not a politician,
Fer an office not a fishin’,
Never ketched myself a wishin’
That to Congress I could go;
An’ I’m not a rank reformer
Ner am I a party stormer,
Fer thar’s nothin’ makes me warmer
Then to hear a feller blow.
I don’t want to cause dissension,
But thar’s one thing I would men
tion
Es you uv yer condescension
Will but hearken to my view,
An’ my idee’s I’ll defend ’em,
(Though, of course, I couldn’t bend
’em,)
But it’s uv the referendum
That I want to talk to you.
S’pose I put a hand to sawin’
Do I want to hear ’im jawin’
Er a hemin’ an’ a hawin’
’Bout his wages bein’ small?
Es his wages ain’t a suitin’
He kin take hisself a scootin’
Fer hisself kin go to rootin’,
I’ll jist fire ’im, an’ that’s all.
Er suppose he goes to shirkin’
When I’m payin’ ’im fer workin’,
Er I ketch the feller lurkin’
Fer imployment on th’ side,
Do you think I’d keep a payin’
When he spends his time a playin’?
You kin put me down as sayin’
I would fire ’im hair an’ hide. ‘
Say I want to build a stable
(Though between us I’m not able)
’Tis a fact an’ not a fable
I’m the man he ought ter please.
S’pose to me he wouldn’t listen,
Fer his own way kep’ insistin’,
I would give his neck a twistin’,
Fire ’im out an’ stop his fees.
When a feller is elected
Fer an office he’s expected,
Whether red er dark complected,
To respect the people’s will.
Does he do it? No, by thunder!
He will sell out er he’ll blunder,
Steal the’r money ’n’ not refund’er,
Usin hifulutin’ skill.
With the’r sal’ries they’re not suited
(An’ the’r grafts are not computed)
So until the treasure’s looted
Do they raise ’em higher an’ higher.
Though we all would like to maul
’em
And right o’er the coals to haul ’em,
Yet we can not e’en recall ’em,
So they do as they desire.
Es we had th’ referendum
When to offices we send ’em
They would have to closely tend ’em
Er they’d lose the’r jobs, you see.
Es the’r actions wusn’t pleasin’
They would be recalled in season,
The’d do right, er give a reason,
Er be fired like you er me.
Every one would have a sayin’
All the sal’ries we are payin’,
An’ would have a hand in layin’
Every section of our laws.
When we git the referendum
All the folks will help to mend ’em,
An’ we all will comprehend ’em
Through this just an’ noble cause.
Washington, Ind.
IT’S COMING
From Rich Banker to half-fed horses,
cattle and chickens, everything gets hit
by Panics; the poorer the man, the
harder the hit. Bankers, Merchants,
Farmers, All classes of VOTERS
should read “One Thousand Busted
Banks, or the Greatest Panic of the
Ages.” Send Fifty Cents to
N. J. McARTHUR, Union City, Ga.
BAILEY’S CHOICE EARLY BIG BOLL
This is a hybridized Cotton, a good
hardy tough cotton; lints well. Lint
will measure from 1 to 1 1-16 in. long.
This is the kind of Cotton that the
buyers and spinners like to handle.
Result of 9 years’ improvement. SI.OO
per bu., 10 bu. and over 75 cents per
bu. f. o. b., Laurens, S. C.
P. B. BAILEY, Laurens, S. C.
PROCRASTINATION.
Wait not until my eyes are dimmed by
everlasting night,
To speed the glance that thrills the
heart with ever radiant light.
Nor wait until my voice is mute and
stilled forevermore,
To lisp the word that lends so much to
friendship’s cherished store.
Wait not until my hands are cold and
non-responsive lie,
To stroke and soothe my troubled brow
and calm the fretful sigh.
Nor wait until my lips are sealed and
closed to earthly bliss,
To greet them with a fond caress or
e’en perchance a kiss.
Wait not until my pulse has ceased to
throb with joy or fear,
To shower blossoms on my shroud or
ornament my bier.
For NOW while life is young and sweet,
n<tr all its luster shed,
Give me the tokens of your love, and
not when I am dead.
—GEORGE W. MARKENS.
SONG OF THE WANDERING WIND.
By Sir Edwin Arnold.
“We are the voices of the wandering
■wind,
Which moan for rest and rest can
never find;
Lo! as the wind is so is mortal life,
A moan, a sigh, a sob, a storm, a strife.
“Wherefore and whence we are ye can
not know,
Nor where life springs nor whither life
doth go;
We are as ye are, ghosts from the
inane,
What pleasure have we of our change
ful pain?
“What pleasure hast thou of thy
changeless bliss?
Nay, if love lasted, there were joy in
this;
But life’s way is the wind’s way, all
these things
Are but brief voices breathed on shift
ing strings.
“O Maya’s son! because we roam the
earth
Moan we upon these strings; we make
no mirth,
So many woes we see in many lands,
So many streaming eyes and wringing
hands.
“Yet mock we while we wail, for, could
they know,
This life they cling to is but empty
show;
’Twere all as well to bid a cloud to
stand,
Or hold a running river with the hand.
“But thou that art to save, thine hour
is nigh!
The sad world waiteth in its misery,
The blind world stumbleth on its round
of pain;
Rise, Maya’s child! wake! slumber not
again!
“We are the voices of the wandering
wind:
Wander thou too, O Prince, thy rest to
find;
Leave love for love of lovers, for woe’s
sake
Quit state for sorrow and deliverance
make.
“So sigh we, passing o’er the silver
strings,
To thee who know’st not yet of earthly
things;
So say we; mocking, as we pass away,
These lovely shadows wherewith thou
dost play.”
WATSON VS. BRYAN.
The Hon. Thomas E. Watson, of
Georgia, challenges the Hon. William
J. Bryan, of Nebraska, to a joint de
bate, and offers to donate to the
“peerless” and the “matchless”
SIO,OOO cash in hand paid, if he will
accept the defiance and come to the
scratch. But the vulgar herd is dis
appointed in the subject selected by
the intrepid Georgia champion—For
eign Missions. This, we take it, is a
quasi religious issue, and more fit for
the oratory of a clergyman than a
statesman. But Mr. Bryan’s lecture,
entitled “The Prince of Peace,” evi
dences that he is at home in the pul
pit, and entitled to rank as a near
preacher at least. We have never
imagined the Hon. Tom with any
other job than journalist, historian,
and statesman, though it is possible
that he can also play the role of
Hardshell Baptist preacher.
These two young gentlemen—they
were very young then —first met as
members of the Fifty-second Con
gress. Mr. Bryan adhered to the
Democratic organization; Mr. Watson
was a Populist, though earlier he had
been an elector on the Cleveland
ticket. Notwithstanding the Popu
list strength in that Congress was
mainly from Kansas, Nebraska, and
other Western States, Sockless Simp
son, about as attractive a demagogue
as Congress ever saw, abdicated the
Gb* 3tffersonlan
primacy and was instrumental in se
curing the nomination of Watson by
the Pops for Speaker.
It was the natural thing, for the
Hon. Tom, then, as now, was chock
full of individuality, backed by a
courage that could gaze an eagle
blind. But while the Georgian’s abil
ity was recognized by all, he was not
gifted with that tuneful verbosity
that soon made,the Hon. Bryan a
very distinguished member of that
Congress, and while the Hon. Tom is
incapable of envy, it was apparent
that he was chagrined to see the
FREE dollar Bottle Vitaline
S 83 EHBSI YOU PAY NOTHING FOR IT W IliUlgllV
Dr. Rainey says: ‘‘My scientific formula /S'
of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases s V?
and symptoms mentioned below—it’s the II
most certain of all and there is no doubt JCljwn
about this. Vitaline tablets are just wCL—wpfcZZll IwJlkfj
the treatment so many are looking g H liA |j iff I
FILL COUPON
RFinw
for, what they should have and must have Kg/TlEgr ■ ... OUI - U "
to be made strong, vigorous and healthy.
It makes no difference how weak you are coin to get the bottle packed and
nor how long you have had your trouble, *«***««• J? I .*’ «•,•» h . ave
~ . J .. J to do to get asl bottle of Vitaline
Vitaline tablets will easily overcome it — Tablets free. We give you the $1
they will not fail nor disappoint you. bottle without cost or obligation to
BrfMVW prove what a wonderful remedy
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY-US,* Egll
Nervousness, Weakness, Twitching, Jerking, Easily when you have taken them you II
Excited, Wornout Feeling, Weak. Aching Back, Lack with a glad heart that you have
of Strength, Energy or Ambition Bad Breams, Poor Qt I s ** found the right medicine.
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. U Vitaline tablets act on the Vital Or-
CTfiUAPU TDffilDl CQ I>ain in Stomach. Loss WU| gans that generate vitality and create
OIUMAbn I nUUuLtd”of Appetite, Dyspepsia. Mjf the nerve force which makes one feel
Indigestion, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Strong, vigorous and healthy, equal to
Bloated, Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, *U the duties and pleasures of robust
Catarrh, Gas, Gnawing, Nervousness. strength and health. They give you
vigor and vitality everyday and restore
UCADT WFAIfNFQQ— fluttering, Skipping, Pal- you so fast and completely you never
fILHIII fiLMiXiiLOw pitation,Painin Heart,Side Br know there was anything the matter,
or Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak, Sinking, Cold 8.// 'yjAA Vitaline tablets are guaranteed by us un-
Or Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbingin derthe U. S Pure Food and Drugs Law by
Excitement or Exertion. Guarantee No. 3877. You never had any-
OATADBU Hawking, Spitting,- Nose Running cornbin in<r their wonderful
VAI All Watery or Yellowish Matter or Stoppe d ca , r 2 ng powers.
Up, Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; W® aend you our illustrated book. Vital-
Fains in Kidneys, Bladder. Lungs, Stomach or Bowels wSgiak Dever seen one like it. Our
mav be Catarrh. testimonials from people cured after ten to
I forty years of doctoring will convince you
DI Hfin TDfillßl EC eneral Debility, Paleness, of all we claim for Vitaline tablets.
DLUUU I nUUIJLLQ— Thin. Weak, Run-Down.Ner
vous, Ra«h, ores. Ulcers, Pimples,Chilly or Feverish,
Loss of Flesh ana Strength. Exact size of Bottle containing 120 Vitaline tablets.
ENCLOSE IO CENTS IN STAMPS OR COIN, for Postage, Packing,Etc.
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81 .152 Lake Street, Chicago. I enclose amount for poatage
and packing. Send at once by mail in plain package, SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets, without cost
or obligation to me.
NAME
MDRESS.
NOW IS THE TIME
jgjgSfr TO SUBSCRIBE FOR THE
TEXAS
farm
CO-OPERATOR
You have seen parts of it quoted
d. j. neill freely in the columns of the Jes-
Former President texas farmer’s union fersonian; get it ALL every week
ONLY SI.OO A YEAR
———
*»* V..‘ ’
(52 ISSUES, 12 TO 18 PAGES EACH)
SPECIAL RATES TO CLUBS
Address . F"}
BOX 1010 x
FORT WORTH //
TEXAS Editor-in-Chief
House go wild over the fervid, florid,
musical rhetoric of the gentleman
from Nebraska.
Later Mr. Watson ran for Vice-
President on one or two tickets head
ed by Mr. Bryan, and all the doctors
in Padua, assisted by all the lawyers
in Philadelphia, could not convince
him in one thousand years that both
tickets were not of the kangaroo
sort.
We’ll bet Tom Watson SIO,OOO
that the “peerless” and the “match
less” does not accept the challenge.—
Washington (D. C.) Post.