PAGE FOURTEEN
THE PARCELS POST.
(iContinned from Puge Three.)
is so high, sixteen cents a pound, as
to make the service prohibitive for
ordinary use. Abroad the rates vary,
but they are always aimed to be not
much above cost.
In England, Germany, and some of
the other countries, the housewife
particularly luxuriates in the joint
convenience of the telephone and the
liberal mail service. Does she want
a spool of thread of a certain color
and texture, or a bottle of medicine,
or a cake or loaf of bread from the
bakery, or any one of a thousand
small needs, the necessity for which
may come with all too much sudden
ness, she simply steps to the phone
and makes her request and by the
next visit of the postman she receives
that which she ordered. And yet, she
may be ten or twenty miles from the
nearest town.
For the Farming Communities.
The farmers of those countries
likewise receive untold benefit from
the same service. Not long ago a
gentleman called at the postoffice de
partment in Washington to relate a
circumstance coming under his ob
servation.
“I saw a Yankee demonstrating an
American potato digging device to a
fanner in Germany,” he said. “Sud
denly one of the parts of the machine
broke. It looked like bad business
for the Yankee, but he, with real
American resourcefulness, sprang to
the telephone and ordered a dupli
cate part from his repository in a vil
lage two miles away and in twenty
minutes the postman delivered it to
him and the demonstration of the
digger proceeded to a successful con
clusion. Os course, this was an ex
ceptional instance. Everything con
nected with it happened luckily for
the man selling- the digger. His
agent in the repository happened to
be right on the spot when the tele
phone message came, and the post
man happened to be just on the point
of starting in the right direction
to make a speedy delivery. But
it seemed to me to tell an eloquent
<?tory of the parcels post, and its ef
fectiveness.”
A red-headed, freckled, vivacious
manufacturer from Detroit was in
Germany not long ago and he also
brought back a fund of parcels post
stories. But his most significant
statement was in regard to the ef
fect of the service upon the country
merchant.
“No man can study this question
abroad and retain the belief that the
parcels post will ruin the country
merchant. On the contrary, it has
been the making of him. The coun
try merchant of Germany is far more
solid and substantial since the intro
duction of the parcels post than he
over was before. It has made him a
permanent, fixed cog in the industrial
scheme of that country and given him
an opportunity which he never had
before of making himself indispensi
ble to the community in which he
does business.
Country Merchant Seizes the Ad
vantage.
“How did this happen? By the
natural evolution of events. Noth
ing else. The wholesale houses of
Germany simply stepped into the field
themselves and issued catalogues as
fine as any mail order houses could
produce. And these they placed with
the country merchants in every town
and village in the empire. The re
sult was that each merchant had sev
eral dozen catalogues upon his coun
ters for the benefit of his customers.
He was authorized to say to all who
came:
“ ‘Here I am. You all know me.
You know whether I am responsible.
If you give me your order and the
goods do not prove to be exactly
as represented, you need not take
them and I will refund your money.
If you want goods of the same grade
as those sold by the mail order hous
es, I can sell them to you, and at the
same price. And I also have better
goods which will cost you more. But
I can give you exactly what you
want, and as cheaply as anyone.’
“In the meantime the country mer
chants have been able to greatly re
duce the stocks carried in their
stores. This reduced the amount of
capital tied up in their business. And
yet, by means of the catalogues, their
customers were able to select from
as large an assortment as they could
in the largest stores in Berlin.
“And this latter fact is amply rec
ognized by the people of Germany.
They step into a store in the most
remote village of the country, and
make their selections and place their
orders, securely confident that they
have seen all they could have seen if
they had made the journey to one of
the large cities. And they are all
satisfied. They regard their mercan
tile system as the very best on earth,
and I think it is.”
Where the Burden Would Fall.
These are some of the advantages
of the parcels post. Now, about the
disadvantages. These would, in this
country, fall exclusively upon the ex
press companies. These unaccommo
dating friends, who have been with
us so long, and who deliver nothing
at your door unless you chance to live
in a large city, would doubtless suf
fer the fate of the German mail or
der houses if the government of the
United States were to inaugurate a
parcels post upon the same scale as
that in Germany. They would have
to go, for who would pay the higher
price to have a parcel sent by the
non-delivering express company when
the mails would be both cheaper and
would deliver the parcel at your door
in city or country?
As for the country merchant, of
course, he wrnuld demand the Ger
man system, and equally, of course,
he would get it.
It is possible to give the people low
rates on the rural routes because they
w-ill not increase the expense of the
government in any way. The rural
carriers are there and have to go over
the routes anyway. They can carry
the parcels as well as not. None of
these parcels would get into a rail
road train or be hauled in a mail car.
Hence the service would not add to
the railway mail pay of the railroads.
And whatever the government re
ceived for carrying these parcels
would be that much gain from ma
chinery already in operation. That
is to say, it would be velvet, and
'Gfye 'Seffersonian
'
/ ft
11 II
Bwk gnX. jug
11 . II
■ P Kt ■
II W HEN a country becomes civilized ||
|| "" it demands typewriters. When it ||
11 becomes posted on comparative values ||
|| it demands M|
II THE SMITH PREMIER ||
|| TYPEWRITER ||
|f The fact that The Smith Premier II
|lf Typewriter is used in every civilized 1|
O country on the globe is not so important 11 •
■ || as the further fact that the demand 11
If increases year after year. 11
f# The reputation of The Smith Premier
Iff is world-wide. World-wide use has
ijj made it so. -1
| THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER CO. ||
I 166 PEACHTREE STREET ATLANTA, GEORGIA J
•‘lf we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übe ©corgia IHome
Insurance Co.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
ORGANIZED 185> NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders.... Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE in the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY.
It is bright and up.to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It is full of fine
engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 50
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back if not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today.
THE DIXIE HOME. No. «J., Birmingham, Ala.
RiwfiPif