Coljc ffcrsoiticxri
r Volume Six
L Number Eight J
THE INCOME TAX.
The Income Tax is rather lax,
If Carnegie don’t pay,
Such are the cracks for leaking facts,
The howling Senate say.
But Teddy Rex, who wears the specks,
Paused on the jungle trail,
And wrote some lines on Income Fines,
That swelled the jungle mail.
The Income Tax, like many acts,
Won’t suit the Rev. Sunday,
With little tracts and poster'tacks,
He’ll drive away Blue Monday.
“To him that hath,” he’ll quote in
wrath,
“To him it shall be given,
But he who lacks must pay the tax,
Or never be forgiven.”
Their’s Standard Oil ignoring Hoyle
And breaking Christian rules,
The Income Tax would turn to wax,
Or they’d quit building schools.
Tiie Baptist schools have many rules
That Standard Oil don’t play,
Ami Johnson Myers may pull the wires,
But Foster still will stay.
The Rebate Fine of Twenty-Nine
Supplied a new sensation,
In half a trice they raised the price,
And charged it to the nation.
There’s Harriman whose railroad plan
Makes dividends on water,
At mP a f le V Spring's with several things
That doctors give the plotter.
A railroad rate without rebate
Gave E. H. rheumatism;
An Income Tax without come-backs
Would give him Socialism.
The Income Tax is like an ax,
That trims the spreading tree
T tr u es ax and bow their backs;
The bushes bow the knee.
To trim the trees and raise the knees,
M ould help the Constitution
TP equal rights and better heights—
The Income Tax solution.
The Income Tax from wealth exacts,
A fair per cent, proportion,
S %’ a A‘ h *? an pays as lie his ways,
Without undue extortion.
—P J. CAMPBELL.
“REVISED BY ITS FRIENDS.”
Not long ago Senator LaFollette
called on the department of Com
merce and Labor for information
relative to the value of goods im
ported into the United States, the
amount of duty paid on such imports
under the Dingly act and what the
duty will be should the pending tariff
bill become a law. 1907 is the last
year for which reports are completed
and in that year our imports amount
ed to 686 million dollars, not count
ing goods received from the Philip
pine Islands and Cuba. The effect of
the Payne-Aldrich bill, should it pass,
will be to either leave the tariff on
90 1-2 per cent, of these imports un
changed, or to increase the rate,
while on 9 1-2 per cent, the duty will
be decreased.
The following facts are worthy of
note —that the duty on 621 millions
of imports will be unchanged or rais
ed —in some instances as much as 78
per cent, above the Dingley law, while
the rate on 65 millions will be de
creased about 31 per cent, and that
the rate of increase on all imports
amounts to more than 4 per cent,
above the present rate.
The Payne-Aldrich bill now before
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
the Senate increases the tariff on
metal imports 78 per cent, over the
present law r . Our imports of metal
goods in 1907 amounted to only 8
million dollars, but a high tariff on
that class of goods enables our manu
facturers to increase their prices to
the amount represented by that 78
per cent, tariff increase, before for
eign competitors can come in, and by
stopping the price just short of the
7 8 per cent, they can keep out all for
eign competition, thus continuing the
present trust monopoly. The same is
true of every other item of the bill
where there is an increase in the rate.
It will thus be seen that our tariff,
“revised by its friends,’’ while it will
not produce an appreciable increase
in government revenue, will enable
the trust to increase the price of their
■wares to the consumers, who have no
means of securing relief. Our tariff
is being “revised by its friends,” but
it is going to be hard on the people.—
Better Way, Minneapolis, Kan.
GENERAL WEAVER THE TRAITOR.
General James B. Weaver, the trai
tor, is here in Seattle occupying great
space in the traitors’ organ. General
Weaver has been in Seattle before on
a worthy mission to which he betray
ed his trust. When he was here be
fore the editor of The Patriarch was
on the reception committee to receive
him in a becoming manner as the
standard bearer of the People’s Party.
He led on the hosts of this party un
til victory was in sight. He then be
trayed them to the enemy, the Bryan
ites of the Democratic party, the chief
conspirators in this conspiracy being
General Weaver, W. J. Bryan and U.
S. Senator Allen, of Nebraska. The
Seattle Daily Crimes does not, in the
long, conspicuous prominence he
(Weaver) occupies, tell the public
that this traitor to one million and a
quarter of voters was ever here in
Seattle before. Nay, nay; “discre
tion is the better part of valor” with
them, as the infamous transactions
■with which they were mutually con
nected will not bear the light of day.
The muckrake must not be employed
by them or the “mucksters” would
have to meet the scorn of honest
men. As a “guilty conscience needs no
accusing,” their silence gives consent
to their infamies. The Patriarch
echoes the sentiments of a MILLION
AND A QUARTER OF VOTERS who
voted for General Weaver in 1892,
and it reaches, directly and indirect
ly many thousands of them now in
different States of the Union, and
they have all declared in their heart
of hearts that the Democrats shall
never win so long as General Weaver,
Bryan & Co. have a prominence as
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, August 5, 1909
national leaders of the Democratic
party.
Here is a “song” I now write en
tirely from memory which I wrote
and published in The People’s Call in
Seattle in 189 2. I used to sing it at
conventions and it aroused the fol
lowers of Weaver, for it echoed their
sentiments, and it is fairly descrip
tive of the conditions, both then and
now. Here it is:
I bear the name of Benjamin, though
some may call me Ben,
I represent the barons bold of the
Wall street Upper Ten;
For four long years I’ve held the fort,
supported by the gang,
But the People say I’ve had my day
Midst spoils and trusts pro tem.
The People cry they’ve labored long,
for years and years in the past,
But now they rise up in their might,
and shout their loudest blast,
That they no longer slaves will be as
in the years just past,
But virtue once again will shine de
spite the banker class.
The Barons bold now all declare
they’ve formed a strong combine
Os railroad trusts and syndicates;
they’re feeling quite sublime.
But Weaver bold and gallant Field
will knock them out of time,
On the eighth day of November next
oppression must decline.
The Barons all, both great and small,
have had the upper hand,
With mischief bent and bad intent
they all can do the grand;
Now don’t you see the G. O. P. are
ruined heart and hand,
For the People say they’ve had their
day and they’ll force them to dis
band.
Paul Vandervort who, at that time,
went from place to place all over the
country organizing reform party
clubs, declared this to be the best po
litical song anywhere in America of
that campaign. I put an appropriate
air to it, and the song took like light
ning. I would like to sing it now in
the presence of General Weaver and
his conspirators as a satirical blast to
both him and them, for it would not
be to my discomfiture, but to theirs.
They are neither “safe nor sane.” In
1892 General Weaver received 22
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking
crown and empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the
fight. We help dispose the forces; we study the sky; will the ele
ments befriend the Man? We watch Wellington coldly; he is a
great general, but his blood is ice, and yonder is—Napoleon! We
wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely elegance, and
Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier after courier, mes
sage after message. We watch the face of The Man. This afternoon
shadows are lengthening. . . . O, God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napo
leon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth bound. Price $1.50; post
age lo cents.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - - Thomson, Ga.
electoral votes for President upon
the People’s Party ticket. This large
vote frightened the oppressors of the
nation. Something must be done to
stay the tide of liberty and virtue
from rising any higher, so in 1896
the conspiracy was carried out w r ith
General Weaver as the chief con
spirator. Had Weaver remained true
he would have been President of the
United States long ere this, and the
many reforms which the people are
ever demanding but “never getting”
would have become the law of the
land before now. But he, traitor
like, preferred to cast his lot with
wealth, cunning and rascality to that
of standing forth as a champion
(which he had been before his recre
ancy) of poverty, intelligence and
virtue. General Weaver is now ap
proaching his last milestone and he
can justly look back and see, M’ith
great disappointment, what might
have been. Whenever he hears the *
name of Tom Watson he should hang
his head in shame and humiliation,
and when he passes away he will
leave behind him an object lesson in
his own political life for the rising
generation to view with abhorence,
for he was a great teacher, and after
teaching the great principles of jus
tice and equality he deserted liis pu
pils and went, unblushingly, over to
the element he had been so vigorous
ly denouncing. Thus he stands be
fore the world today with “so much
glory, and so much shame.” —The
Patriarch, Seattle, Wash.
Pretense in reform, in morals, in
government, in religion, in politics,
or in anything else is like a coated
pill, very pleasant to taste, but aw
fully nasty inside. And the result,
well —Oh, my!—Messenger, Wanette,
Okla.
A number of Standard Oil attor
neys are said to draw a salary of
SI,OOO a day each. This thing of
evading the law comes high but it
seems impossible for the Standard to
get along without it. Thomas
(Okla.) Tribune.
Price, Five Cents