gotten by the public, although at one "
time was the popular resort.
Rucker, the negro office-holder in
Southern
Appointments.
‘ ‘ prominent citizens ’ ’
sufficient to cinch the job, which re
minds one to ask why it is that said
“prominent citizens” must have the
final word on everything? The rich
banker, the wealthy business man, the
fashionables, generally haven’t much
need to fear that their women-folk
will have to bake a clerkship under
some glorified Sambo and in their
strictly impersonal dealings it doesn’t
make much difference to Mr. Banker
or Mr. Magnate what color of hand
signs the government documents. It
does make a difference to the citizen
of modest means, whose girls are
brave enough to earn their own living
and who should interpose between
them and any condition that tends to
break down white supremacy. The
Southern man who thoughtlessly
signs an endorsement of any negro
for >a position which places that negro
in authority over his white neighbors
of less means is more dangerous by
far than any carpet-bagger of the re
construction.
A general strike in the anthracite
regions of Pennsylvania
is held in abeyance
through an agreement on
Strike
Averted.
the part of the men to
continue their work in the mines after
April Ist, negotiations to be carried
on for an adjustment of the causes
of dissatisfaction. If the miners and
operators cannot agree, it is believed
that efforts will be made to induce
the President to create a commission
for the purpose of arbitrating the
difficulty.
Mr. Taft has accepted an invita-
The Mecklenburg
Celebration.
dependence, in Charlotte, N. C., on
May 20th. This celebration is in
commemoration of a unique historical
event, and the controversy as to
whether or not the Mecklenburgers
hurled the first defiance at Great
Britain is perennial.
Mr. Asher Hinds, for many years
clerk to the Speaker of
Result of
Amendment.
the Fitzgerald modifications to the
rules leaves Mr. Cannon shorn of
nothing except certain vexatious
details that he is entirely willing to
dispense with. Experience should
have made Mr. Hinds’ conclusion
likely to be quite in accordance with
the truth of the situation. He be
lieves that Cannon will be stronger
than ever, and the members of Con
gress weaker.
By vote of a substantial majority
of the ladies of the U.
D. C., at their meeting in
Atlanta recently, it was
finally determined to lo-
Wirz
Monument.
eate the Wirz monument at Ander
sonville, Georgia. The unveiling will
probably take place on April 29th,
Atlanta, appears to
have a line of en
dorsements from the
tion to attend the
Mecklenburg cele
bration of the
declaration of in-
the House of Repre
sentatives, has ex
pressed the opinion that
Lieutenant Shackelton, of the Brit
ish navy, has succeeded in
Near the
Pole.
getting within "I'll miles of
the south pole, while Peary
is still wending his way
toward that of the north. While the
practical benefit to be derived from
an actual conquering by man of these
desolate wastes is nil, the energy dis
played and the heroism required are
stimulating to the race. And it is
always the indomitable Caucasian
who dares the seeming impossible.
It is reported that 'Dr. Chas. W.
x Eliot, the venerable
New
Ambassador?
be sent as ambassador
to the lordly Court of St. James, suc
ceeding Whitelaw Reid. No doubt
Dr. Eliot as a scholarly gentleman
would fill the position with distinct
credit to himself and his government.
His utterances on the race question,
on his recent visit to the South, how
ever, show that he is on that subject
exceedingly superficial, holding quite
the British view of our situation. He
still talks of the vast accomplishment
of the negro race “in thirty years”
in a manner as childishly unmindful
of the fact that the negro race is fully
as old in the world as the white, and
that all its advance has been along the
lines of pure imitation.
MISSIONARY WORKERS JUMP
ING ON MR. WATSON.
Some years ago Tom Watson stirred
up a hornets’ nest in the United
States Congress by publishing to the
world that Congressmen got drunk.
We all said we knew it was a fact,
but he had ought not to have said it.
Anybody else could say it all right,
but a third party man —Tom Watson!
oh, bless God, NO! So all the Con
gress and a great number of the bal
ance of us jumped onto Watson to
stamp him out of existence. But we
didn’t quite finish the job, so the mis
sionary cause has taken the work in
hand. But, say, brothers, don’t give
your case away by too many jumping
on one little fellow all at once. Re
member that his charges made on
Congressmen were proven. It cer
tainly is strange that men of God
would go into a controversy in the
face of plain facts that can not be
refuted. —Interstate Herald.
OUR AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST.
Next week we will publish the
names of the winners in this contest,
which closes April Ist. The first
prize is ten dollars in cash, and the
second prize five dollars in cash.
At the end of the week the leading
contestants had made the following
number of points:
Thos. E. Cartledge, Georgia 470
Chas. R. Thaxton, Georgia 414
T. L. Dixon, Georgia 277
Z. T. 'Smith, Alabama 265
J. M. Johnson, Georgia 210
R. E. Smith, Alabama 188
J. A. Smith, Georgia 145
W. P. Mims, Georgia 131
J. W. Watson, Georgia 110
W. T. Evans, Georgia 100
A. J. Kinser, Texas 100
H. W. Nalley, Georgia 90
R. F. Graham, Georgia 88
C. P. Warnock, Florida 85
J. A. Abernathy, Georgia 80
T. M. V:* C "corgia.., 80
“Blje 3effersonlan.
and beloved ex-presi
dent of Harvard, is to
Squawßoot for Suffering Women |
g WOMAN’S
HOME REMEDY |
led to RADICALLY CURE diseases PE
VOMEN, It is designed to CURE that 3
that CONGESTION, that ULCERATION. S
[MATION, that HEADACHE, those 1R- «
ES, those PAINS, those distressing ■
It is a CONVENIENT HOME REMEDY, ffi
im Dr. Sawyer’s PRIVATE formula, who ■
CED as a SPECIALIST for TWENTY B
IICAGO. It Is not made of COCOA BUT- B
FORM of GREASE. It provides a TAB- K
TAKEN INTERNALLY, it provides a B
ILLA, it SAVES DOCTOR BILLS, it does
with your daily duties. It is NOT EX- B
. can do you no harm and WILL DO Y’OU B
different from any other remedy. You K
at our expense, in your own home. It M
make? SICK women WELL, and WEAK B
women STRONG. You will be satis
tied with at trial. We want you to B
KNOW what it will do FOR YOU.
have never yet been helped—Squaw Root jg
ur 15 Day Trial Offer
you a full SI.OO box of SQUAW ROOT, ■
ufficient treatment for ONE MONTH, MB
.ID, on the following terms. After using B
T 15 DAYS, if you are satisfied with the B
have received, you are to send me SI.OO H
’ SQUAW ROOT. If you are not satisfied,
I you are to return the balance of the medicine, to me by mail and you do B
B n<_< need to send ME A PENNY, you run NO RISK, we take it all. Send B
■ your name and address PLAINLY WRITTEN.
YOU CAN GET WELL. It may be that you have sought relief in vain.
You may have been growing worse, in spite of the treatment you have re- if
B ceived. DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED. It is possible for ANYONE TO GET B
WELL unless their diseases have become ORGANIC. It will cost you noth
ing to TRY SQUAW ROOT. We do not want your money, unless we can
■ BENEFIT YOU. SQUAW ROOT IS DESIGNED TO POSITIVELY and RAD-
CALLY cure pain in the lower part of the back and hips, dragging and B
bearing down feeling, leucorrhoea, melancholy, depression of spirits, the ra
blues, loss of memory, tired all gone feeling, hot flashes, great depres- B
sion, cold hands and feet, trembling of the knees, amenorrhea, dysmenor- B
rhea, menorrhagia, prolapsus, anteversion, latroversion, ovaritis.
i DR. A. P. SAWYER, No. 11 Longley Bldg., Chicago, 111. B
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, 1 will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS. Thomson, Ga.
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form- r,a />
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- tt
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and ■ gprl’ol7
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the I Rib! IH ■ ‘II-’tF*/
treatment so many are looking for. what they should have tR-J
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It ir TTHMu—lr •! ■*
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you A I B g-fi B
have had your trouble. Vitaline will easily over- 111 g Jraa IHB
come it —it will not fail nor disappoint you.”
NERVOUS WEAKNESS,
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back. Lack o/ V*
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor / ? n< l cents postage stamps
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. ■ bottle to you—that’s
gestioa, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, ■ML nothing for them until you can say with ■
Heartburn. Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. ■ a glad heart that you have at last found £3
Gnawing, Nervousness. M Ov the right medicine. Pay us no money g
HEART WEAKNESS— Fluttering, Skipping, Palplta- B until you are satisfied and Willing, and E
"5*”L, WKl ***.* lt **~~tlon, Pain in Heart, Side or B it’s all left to your judgement and say- I
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or ■ Which we abide by —that's the B
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in B gj*k| understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. B Vitaline tablets act on the Vita- B
CATARRH— hawking,Spitting,Nose Running Watery B Organs that generate the vital warmth Eg
or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ■ " and the nerve force which makes one
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains B gu feel strong, vigorous and healthy, 9
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may B n equal to all the duties and pleasures of g
be Catarrh. B robust strength and life. They give you ■
BLOOD I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, ■ . never know there was anything tae |
Loss of Flesh and Strength. B matter.
B Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under 9
- - .. U. 8. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial IS
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81. 182 Lake St., B No. 3877—y0u have never had anything 0
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once B like them, combining their wonderful B
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablet* B healing and strengthening power.
2? Vk* 1, * at,aTacto JJ, ’ you I We send you our beautifully illustra- B
SI.OO, otherwise I Will pay you nothing. B j e( j nook, “Vitality”—you have never B
B MMMM seen one like It. our testimonials front
*r /irne IL- ’ people cured after ten to forty years of H
atume - doctoring will convince you of all we
claim tor Vitaline. ■
Address
H. Ashmore, Georgia 80
Jas. W. Hill, Georgia... .*. 70
F. C. -Self, Georgia 70
C. J. N. Clark, Georgia.. 60
J. B. Gartrell, Mississippi 60
J. A. Rudolph, Alabama 60
J. M. Chastain, Arkansas 50
F. M. Payne, Georgia 50
J. R. Hale, Georgia 50
Lonnie Davis, Florida 50
J A. Rees, Mississippi 50
T. A. McJunkin, Pennsylvania.... 50
F. F. Weirz, Pennsylvania 50
Wm. Watt, Texas 50
PAGE FIVE