PAGE TEN
ZET7ERJ FROM THE PEOPLE
HARVIE JORDAN PLAYING DOUBLE, AS
USUAL.
Watkinsville, Ga., May 9, 1908.
T. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: In The Cotton Journal of the
30th of April, 1908, on page 10, you will find,
“Work for the Month of May,” by Harvie
Jordan, the biggest piece of bear dope, ac
cording to my notion, that I have heard of
lately. He says that the month of April has
been an ideal one for planting. In our section
we did not get to plow two weeks of the
month, and he says that we had just enough
rain for germination and that we go into May
well up with planting and generally good
stands of cotton.
Now, if Oconee, Oglethorpe, Wilkes, Clarke,
Jackson and Walton counties are on an aver
age with the rest of the cotton belt, I am sure
that half the crop was not planted on the first
of May.
I want to ask your pardon for thinking that
you were a little hard on Harvie, but now I
see that you knew what you were talking
about, and if you feel like it, hit him again,
for he deserves it. But maybe our section is
all that had lots of rain during the months of
March and April. Look over the records and
see. Yours truly,
P. W. DURHAM.
HON. JIM HOGAN, OF LINCOLN COUNTY,
WRITES ABOUT SMITH AND BROWN.
Agnes, Ga., May 8, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My dear Sir: I have just finished reading
your articles in the Jeffersonian, all of which
I enjoy very much. Your editorials show
ing the advantage given to the large counties
in Georgia over the country counties in wip
ing out county units and county lines are
timely and to the point; if the people of
Georgia fail to heed what you say on this line
it will not be long before they will wish that
they had.
I note that Gov. Smith says that “he has
captured Tom Watson’s followers and that he
is now going to bury Tom Watson.” After
this I think we all should rise and sing the
long meter doxology and be dismissed, for
there is not a man in Georgia but knows
what Tom Watson did for Hoke Smith two
years ago, and this is the thanks he gets for
it.
I note also that some are making a great
effort trying to show that disfranchising the
negro is an issue in this campaign. If there
is a man in Georgia who believes this I would
like to meet him, just to see what kind of
looking object he is. I think he would un
doubtedly have “horns and er tail,” for we
all know that the legislature passed a law
about a year ago disfranchising the negro and
the law was signed by the governor. All that
is left now to be done is for the people to vote
on it in the October election. Then what has
this to do with the June primary? Nothing
in the world. Then why bring it up? Simply
to try to deceive or fool a few people to get
their votes.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Some are also trying to make prohibition an
issue, but this is too thin to argue, as the best
and strongest prohibitionists of the state have
declared time and again that prohibition is no
issue in this campaign.
The real issue in this campaign is the new
rule gotten up by Governor Smith and his
committee to disfranchise about one hundred
and twenty-five of the country counties of
this state. This is the most damnable propo
sition that has been presented to the people
of Georgia since the days of Bulloch. I do
not believe that even Bulloch would have ad
vocated such a thing. Now let’s look into this
just a little.
When our forefathers framed the constitu
tion of Georgia they arranged for the six
largest counties of the state to have three rep
resentatives in the legislature and twenty-six
next largest to have two each, the remainder,
regardless of population, one each.
They also arranged for each county to have
twice the number of delegates to the state
convention that they have representatives in
the legislature. This was done to protect the
small country counties, and to allow the mi
norities of the state some showing.
To illustrate, suppose Gov. Smith and Col.
Joe Brown should each carry about the same
number of counties but Gov. Smith getting a
majority of the votes in the state, the dele
gates from the counties carried by Joe Brown,
under this new rule, would be appointed Hoke
Smith delegates, giving one man control over
the whole convention, there would be a large
minority at home without any representation
whatever. This is not democracy, but impe
rialism, or one man power.
Under the old rule Fulton, the largest coun
ty in the state, has six votes in the state con
vention, and Echols, the smallest county, has
two, giving Fulton, with a population of about
140,000, just three times the power in the state
convention to nominate a governor and state
house officers that Echols, with a population
of about 4,000, has. Under this new rule
made by our reformed governor Fulton would
have more than thirty times the power of Ech
ols.
It can be seen that this rule gives a few of
the large counties the power to control the
entire politics of the state. The man who
votes for Hoke Smith, votes for this rule, and
to endorse this rule means to wipe out county
units and county lines in Georgia. This done
it is goodbye John to the small counties. The
next step will be to increase the representa
tives of the larger counties in the legislature
according to population. This would give Ful
ton twelve or fifteen representatives instead of
three, the other large counties would be in
creased in the same proportion. This is no
idle talk, for they have been agitating for
some time of giving each of the large counties
a state senator. I believe this will come after
1910. Then several more of the small counties
will be lumped together to get a state senator.
This done, the country counties will have to
raise their own public school fund and also the
money to pay their pensioners, if they have
any, for it (s a fact that about one hundred
counties in Georgia do not pay a penny to the
public school fund, neither to pensions. The
large counties paying this fund would have
changed it some time ago, but for the fact
they being in the minority the country counties
could hold them down. Make this change, and
our public school and pension fund is gone, for
the small counties cannot raise it. I would
like to say also to our. good prohibition friends
. that when they increase the voting power of
the large counties they stand a good chance to
lose prohibition in this state.
The people of Georgia should think well be
fore they cast their vote to wipe out county
lines in this state.
Very respectfully,
J. R. HOGAN.
ALGOOD PLACE TO REBUKE A VICIOUS
POLICY.
Perhaps we may seem to be giving this
subject more attention than it ought to have,
but we are not. The action of the Southern
Senators in failing to fight the subsidy not
only marks a serious departure from the best
Southern tradition, but it is a vicious exten
sion of the Government’s already rituch-ex
aggerated policy of pampering manufacturers
and commerce at the expense of agriculture.
“We need ships,” it is said, “therefore we
will take the revenues we get from some ship
ping interests and subsidize new ships.” As
well might we say: “We need to grow more
cowpeas; therefore we will take the revenues
derived from the farmers raising cowpeas and
use as bounties to get more farmers to raise
cowpeas.” That idea seems monstrous,
doesn’t it? And yet the newness of the
agricultural bounty idea as compared with
the commercial bounty idea, only illustrates
the great economic truth which Adam Smith
pointed out in his “Wealth of Nations” in
1776, and which has been as true of America
as of Europe. He said:
The policy of some nations has given
extraordinary encouragement to the industry
of the country; that of others to the industry'
of towns. Scarce any nation has dealt equally
and impartially with every sort of industry.
Since the downfall of the Roman Empire the
policy of Europe has been more favorable
to arts, manufactures and commerce than to
agriculture, the industry of the country.”
As the South is now the one section of
country of which it is true there are more
people engaged in farming than in all other
occupations combined, it is peculiarly the
duty of Southern Congressmen to stand
against a further extension of the world-wide
policy of exploiting agriculture; and the ship
subsidy is a good place to make the stand.—
Progressive Farmer.
Thomas E. Watson, recently nominated for
President, is the ablest man that will be in
the race this year, and it don’t make any
difference who is nominated by the other
parties.—People’s Advocate, Columbiana, Ala.