CLASSIFIED
RATE——One cent a word. Minimum
25 cents.
J 1 ■ I .4 .... ,
MUSIC.
WHEN THE GOLDEN NUTS ARE
FALLING, price 17 cents. A new
song by Emma J. Jenkins. Address
E. J. Jenkins, 430 East 18th St., Tucson,
Arizona.
FOR RENT ©R LEASE.
A 5-HORSE FARM on Little River. A
fine cotton, grain and stock farm.
Gin plant, grist mill, saw mill and
syrup mill on the place. Will rent or
lease the farm and machinery separate
ly, if desired. Address Parsons & Dill,
Clayhill, Ga.
EDUCATIONAL.
TELEGRAPHY—Great demand for Op
erators. We guarantee positions.
Rapid promotion. Write for free il
lustrated catalogue. Southern School
of Telegraphy, Box 272, Newnan, Ga.
READ the Educational Department in
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, and
you will learn things. A dollar a year
will give you a liberal education.
I BUSINESS COURSE—We will teach
you by mail, free, until you are ready
to enroll. Read our offer in another
column. Draughon’s Practical Business
College, Atlanta, Ga.
BEST Business Course in the South is
offered by the Georgia Military Col
lege, Milledgeville, Ga. 17 teachers.
Discipline like West Point.
AGENTS WANTED.
H AGENTS wanted to sell Native Herbs, SI.OO box;
250 tablets for 35c. Write P. Melrose, Colum
| bus, O.
SELL FRUIT TREES— We want good
• men all over the Southern States to
| sell Fruit Trees. By our plan sales
ff men make big profits. No trouble to
B. sell our stock. Terms very liberal.
S Write today. Smith Bros., Concord, Ga.
PECAN TREES.
' | SELECT Paper Shell Varieties. De
scriptive price list and advice as to
planting, free. Bayview Nursery,
<Ocean Springs, Miss.
IFOR SALE—Budded and grafted Pe
fi can Trees from choicest varieties.
fEagle Pecan Co., Pittsview, Ala.
/ |'OR SALE—I2,OOO grafted and budded
Trees. Best varieties. Bear’s Pecan
-Nurseries, Palatka, Fla.
NURSERIES.
( PECANS, Fruit and Ornamental Trees,
/ Roses, Palms, Ferns. Write for cata
| logue. Gainesville Nurseries, Gaines
t ville, Fla.
WHEAT.
SEED and Milling Wheats. Adapted
to Georgia and Carolina soils. The
Schooley Co., Hagerstown, Maryland.
Established' 1860.
MACHINERY.
FOR SALE—Light saw, lath and shin
gle mills, wood saws and splitters.
Steam and gasoline engines. Try Lom
bard Iron Works, Augusta, Ga.
INSURANCE.
THE Georgia Home Insurance Co., of
Columbus, Ga., is nearly half a cen
tury old. It is a home institution.
COMMISSION HOUSE.
WANTED —Ship your Fruits and Veg
etables to Hewitt & Co., 10 E. Cam-
den St., Baltimore, Md. They will treat
you right.
TOBACCO.
RED EYE —Chew “Red Eye” and- be
happy. Taylor Bros., Winston-Salem,
N. C.
MEDICAL.
DROPSY cured. Trial treatment free.
For testimonials and free treatment
write to Dr. H. H. Green’s Sons, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
CANCER cured. No operation. No loss
of blood. No cure, no pay. No fail
ures. Write for references. Drs. Mat
thews and King, P. O. Box 66, Quit
man, Ga.
■■ - '
WRITE to Dr. B. M. Woolley Co., At
lanta, Ga., for his treatment of ner
vous diseases, alcoholic and drug ad
dictions.
IN THE HOLIDAYS.
Dear Daddy Jim: —I am a little
South Georgia girl. I have written
to you once. lam ten years old now.
Will write and tell about my vaca
tion. Mama and myself went to Bue
na Vista to visit grandma and other
relatives. My cousin and I stayed at
home most of the time. One day, as
my cousins and I were going from
my aunt’s house to my grandma’s,
my cousin dropped one of her slip
pers that she had in a bundle, and
did not know it. When we all
arrived at grandma’s she could
not find one of her slippers.
She told us to go back with
her to hunt it. We all started
and she ran and left us. We started
back, and she ran back, too, saying
that there was a great, black cow
coming over the hill. We all ran
then, sure enough. But when we all
were at the house, she said she had
her slipper, and there was no cow
coming. So she had a good joke on
us. I have two pets. One is a kitten,
named Black Beauty. He is black and
has blue eyes. I have two brothers
and one sister, Sarah Louise, Daniel
Hess and John Howard. My school
teacher’s name was Miss Lummie Lou
Hanks. —Linnie Laura Cheves, Pel
ham, Ga.
EDUCATIONAL PUBLICATIONS.
The Patriarch comes out regularly
larly 52 times a year. Consequently
it is an educational factor. A paper
that comes out only 12 times a year
is a very limited educational publi
cation, even when it is well edited.
The exceptions to this rule are the
great national magazines, such as
the North American Review, the Re
view of Reviews, Watson’s Jeffer
sonian, Everybody’s and a few oth
ers. The Patriarch (Seattle,
Wash.).
Ten dollars for you, if you are a
Jeffersonian agent. Read our prize
offer.
BLESSED LONG AGO.
Through mists of recollection shine
The lights of long ago,
As backward glances through the fog
And readings of life’s mental log
Dead friends and faces show.
The years like billows roll between,
Yet like a lighthouse gleam,
The spark of recollection glows
While home and early youth it shows,
Much like a vivid dream.
The pleasant scenes of former days,
Like moving picture shows,
Return and bless the hazy sight
Made dim by tears of fond delight, .
That each old “grayhead” knows.
i
Ah! panoramic long ago,
Age blesses you indeed;
What would it do for rosy light
To bless its failing hazy sight,
Did you not fill the need?
—Jake H. Harrison.
OUR PREMIUM KNIVES.
These knives, which contain a pho
tograph of Mr. Watson, are mailed
to our subscribers direct from the
factory where they are made, and at
least ten days will elapse from the
time we get your order until you re
ceive the knife. If you do not get
your knife in two weeks, drop us a
postal card.
$lO and $5 for the best lists of
subscriptions or renewals to the Jef
sonians this month.
Glje ‘Jeffersonian
Gainesville Nurseries
Gainesville, Florida.
Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees of
standard varieties; Satsuma Oranges
on Citrus Trifoliata stock, Fruit and
Ornamental Trees, Plants and Shrubs,
Field-grown Roses, Palms, Ferns, etc.
Send for our Catalog.
H. S. GRAVES, Proprietor,
Gainesville, Florida.
DEAFNESS CURED
By New Discovery
> AA J?
The secret of how to use the myste
rious and invisible nature forces for
the cure of Deafness and Head Noises
has at last been discovered by the fa
mous Physician-Scientist, Dr. Guy Clif
ford Powell. Deafness and Head Noises
disappear as if by magic under the use
of this new and wonderful discovery.
He will send all who suffer from Deaf
ness and Head Noises full information
how they can be cured, absolutely
free, no matter how long they have
been deaf, or what caused their deaf
ness. This marvelous Treatment is so
simple, natural and certain that you
will wonder why it was not discovered
before. Investigators are astonished
and cured patients themselves marvel
at the quick results. Any deaf person
can have full information how to be
cured quickly and cured to stay cured
at home without investing a cent.
Write today to Dr. Guy Clifford Pow
ell, 5456 Bank Bldg., Peoria, 111., and
get full information of this new and
wonderful discovery, absolutely free.
t Guarantee to Cure
> KkW T 0 STAY CURED! \ Sfr-T/
Wa It is also called SALT MkLZ \y
RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, W/ Jr
TETTER,ITCH,WEEPING 7*®^-*; nAV
Zl/hl SKIN, MILK CRUST, PRU- who
fnill iJ RITUS —these are different treats nothing
names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing-ECZEMA.
I prove every word that I have said—l give to every sufferer n . M ■■
| a rnrr "rm A l Reliable Beyond Question!
IT IIEbEm ■ This is a statement from the
I Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for °T f hw H
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you have d ° bu * ines s
, taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you are curs '
disgusted, write to me—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREE
OF CHARGE, A TBIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings
•J to this statement. 1 here is not one cent to pay—not a penny *.<>o «<».<>
accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do: I know
■ that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that moaua.ho.
I you need my treatment. February nth, 1908. H|
Don t Miss This Chonco son a Cut*o to whom it may conc®in:
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia certifies that
■ cured one way— REMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr. Cannaday’s patients, from all
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By o’er the United States, have been
cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money in this bank ■
My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at while they tried his treatment on
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take •ozena. In all this time we have
I treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN ? een call9d u Pon but five time®
■ needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 r9tura the patients money.
■ .—-think of that I ... One died before the
4 a treatment was shipped; two did not I
iffDat Eczema IS 69t the treatment as it vas lost
| Eczema is a .disease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatmen/three days later* after*
body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet, genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one was not I
M SYMPTOMS.—Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may jaatiafled.
■ swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then .
■ they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some *77,-Z Z°( Z
the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will /UXzT*. r\J
■ scratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- 0 jf ,
I ing comes in contact.
Ten Years Guarantee
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay *
cured 10 YEARS I It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar S'l
lam a graduate from two leading medical schoolsi I am the holder of a GOtD I
MEDAL taken In Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
qualified ? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men S 642'-
' ■ of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients every-
I Where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS.
■ Affr BOOK ■
Is the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please .end without cost to
■ many severe cases, which are extremely interesting. me prepaid Free trial treatment, H
I send you names Os thousands Who have boon also copy of your Free Book.
cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY Na “ e
Sedalia, Mo.
■ Treatment and literature »eut in plain wrapper.
“I have de
monstrated
that deaf
ness can be
cured.” —Dr.
Guy Clifford
Powell.
the schooley co
HAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND
CHOICE SEED & MILLING WHEATS
SUITABLE FOR SOUTHERN SOILS
Established 1860
Our premium knives are mailed
out to subscribers by the manufac
turers, and it may be ten days or
two weeks before you receive them.
If not received in a reasonable time,
notify us.
Cuts Fuel Bill in Half
I 5 ■■
The KOOKERBAKER bakes po
tatoes in twenty-two minutes and
everything in half the time required
by any oven and no burn on bottom.
Cooks vegetables at same time on
any size or kind of stove over one
blaze or griddle. Expressed to any
address, $1.25. Agents make $6 to
$lO a day. One sold seventy-one in
three days—so can you.
Thrifty Appliance Co.
739 Monolith Building, New York.
PAGE ELEVEN