Victimized Subscribers to The
Cotton Journal
(concluded from page one)
I know about Sanscrit and Egyptian hiero
glyphics.
There not being money enough to run Rich
ard Cheatham and The Cotton Journal both,
the latter was discontinued. Richard kept on
running regularly. A remarkable man is he,
the said Richard. His running-mates, Har
vie Jordan and Henry Reed, are likewise re
markable men.
Things were in a desperate plight at The
Cotton Journal office, last Spring, when Hen
ry Reed descended upon us, here in Thomson.
Wanted money—Henry did. Not a measly
sum, either: wanted $7,000. Henry is as
smooth an article as ever came ambling down
the pike; he made us a fascinating offer.
Would bind the Company, for a year and a
half, to do our printing, if I would lend them
the desired coin. The printing was to be done
at cost, until the loan was repaid—after which
it was to be done to the end of 1910, at a 10
per cent, advance.
The more Lanier and I squinted at the
proposition, the better it looked. As Charley
Hill would say, “It was as pretty as new
shoes.”
But there was a bug in the buttermilk. It
is a principle with me never to be deceived by
the same man twice. Almost anybody can
fool me once: nobody can do it a second time.
Harvie Jordan had duped me in 1905, and
had inflicted upon me a public humiliation.
For this, I bear him no malice; but the re
membrance of it endures. Told Henry Reed
that I wouldn’t touch anything with which
Harvie was connected. He said that Harvie
was to resign. Harvie did so, and I made
him the loan.
Soon afterwards, it became clearly appar
ent that the resources of the Company were
insufficient to maintain both Richard Cheat
ham and The Cotton Journal. And, of course,
Richard had to be maintained.
I put it to you all. How could Things Go
On, Without Dick Cheatham ? Pshaw!
There’s nothing to debate. Nor yet to arbi
trate. Get along without Dick Cheatham?
Why, who ever Heard of such a Thing?
Dick hadn’t, at all events, for when it came
to a choice between spending the Filthy on
himself, or on The Cotton Journal, he did not
pause at the Rubicon.
Passed right across, as though Rubicons
were not in it with Richard Cheatham.
Yes, Sir: he let The Cotton Journal suspend
publication, while he continued to beam upon
the surroundings with the unruffled com
placency of a coon in a high office.
Week after week went by, and Richard
made no effort to revive his paper—the pre
cious thing which we are asked to believe
swallowed a quarter of a million dollars with
in four years!
Oh, what an extraordinarily expensive
weekly The Cotton Journal was!
After Richard stopped running his paper,
subscriptions continued to pour in. Renew
als and new subscribers brought hundreds of
dollars through the mails. The law firm of
Anderson, Rountree and Felder (so I am
told) collected large sums for past-due ad
vertising.
What went with the money? My informa
tion is that Richard Cheatham and Henry
Reed handled the funds.
Did they use any of that subscription
money after their paper went down?
If so, their position is delicate. To say
nothing of the Postal regulations of IT. Sam
uel, the State of Georgia has a penal Code
which throws tentacles all about and around.
For Example, we have a law which declares
it to be a felony to accept money for one pur
pose and to use it for another, without the
consent of the owner.
Suppose you hand me a dollar to pay your
3effersonlan
subscription to The Jeffersonian; and sup
pose, without sending you the paper and with
out your consent, I purchase for myself a
pocket-knife with your money! Or, suppose
I turn over the dollar to some other paper,
without your consent.
In either event, I have done you a wrong;
and if I fail to return that dollar, upon de
mand, I am guilty of Larceny after Trust,
and must serve a term in the penitentiary.
Now, I do not know whether Messrs. Cheat
ham and Reed used any subscription money,
after they stopped publishing The Cotton
Journal. Letters have come to me, however,
which show that somebody, at the Atlanta
office of the Company, took and used such
funds, after it had become unlawful to do so.
My opinion is, that if every such subscriber
will put a written demand on Cheatham, the
money will return where it belongs.
I advise Mr. Durham, and all others simi
larly situated, to drop a card to Richard. He
is now in Atlanta, and the Grand Jury is in
session.
Hon. Charles D. Hill is the Solicitor-Gen
eral. Go to him, if Cheatham refuses to ac
count for that money.
It is perfectly scandalous—the way so many
worthy people have been hit by The Cotton
Journal Company!
Somebody ought to be made an example of,
to deter others from slim-slamming innocent,
confiding people in the same way.
Had I not been a lawyer, and a fairly good
business man, with financial resources and
perfect credit, the sharks would have de
voured the plant of The Cotton Journal Com
pany. None of the officers of the concern
raised a hand to protect it. But for me, the
well-known accompaniments of a receiver
ship would have eaten it up, in fees, commis
sions and court costs.
In spite of all my vigilance, a certain con
stable did. rush into the building, drag off
several hundred dollars’ worth of stuff —
which one of his bondsmen bought in, at what
seems to have been an illegal and collusive
sale. That incident is not yet closed. With
this exception, I steered the property into
port, intact; and am ready for a settlement,
on the basis of the contract, whenever the Di
rectors are prepared to make one. The debts
are all over-due, and the title has passed to
Mrs. Watson; but neither of us have, for a
moment, entertained the idea of taking ad
vantage of anybody. We have all the vouch
ers, etc., and can make a satisfactory showing
whenever it is desired.
What to Say to Him When Your
Congressman Comes Home
Os course, the very first thing the Do-noth
ings will do, on their return to their districts,
will be to abuse Watson. That is perfectly
well understood. Yes, indeedee: that red
headed person is going to catch it, hot and
heavy, good and hard, going and coming, up
and down, and from Hades to breakfast.
Hoots! Toots! The way that man is go
ing to be tongue-lashed, bally-whacked, lam
basted, skinned, flayed, castigated, branded
and pilloried! You can already hear certain
little local papers tuning up, getting ready
for the ball.
All of which merely amuses Yours Truly.
Have heard it thunder, once or twice before.
When a man’s conscience is with him, he
needn’t worry about Outside Noise. Just
keep to yourself the approval of the still small
voice within, and you can easily defy the
world, the flesh and the Devil.
But here’s what I meant to say:
When your Congressman begins to rant at
me, CALL HIM DOWN!
I’m not running for any office. No axe
have Ito grind. My purpose is to keep you
posted. This is for your own good.
Make your Representative confine himself
to public questions, and to giving an account
of his own stewardship. Make him let my
name alone. Not that I fear anything he can
do or say; but because you have no time to
waste in that manner, and because you want
him to explain to you how he has earned the
fifteen thousand dollars that you have been
paying him for nine months'’ work. Put ques
tions to him. It is not only your privilege,
but your duty.
(1) Ask him whether he thinks it is right
for persons employed at a stated salary to
dip their greedy fingers in their employers’
cash-drawer, and take 50 per cent, more pay
than the contract called for. without saying a
word to their employers. That’s the way
your Congressmen have treated you. Not
content with giving themselves fifteen hun
dred dollars per year, to pay for a Secretary,
they added twenty-five hundred dollars a year
to their wages, without consulting you.
Suppose the cashier of a bank had acted in
that way, what would have happened? The
next meeting of the Directors would have de
manded his resignation, and the disgorging
of that secret “raise” in salary.
Suppose the Governors and State-House
officials should all agree among themselves to
take 50 per cent, more of the public funds,
as their salaries, than were the fixed amounts
thereof when these officials were elected!
They'd be run out of public life, and im
peached, besides.
Yet, your Congressmen, who begged and
pleaded to be sent to Congress, knowing what
the salary was, have had the greedy boldness
to give themselves an additional twenty-five
hundred dollars a year, without having men
tioned the matter to you at all.
Some of them have the impudence to claim
that thev were unable to support their fami
lies in Washington on salaries which amount
ed to a thousand’ dollars a month. Such ex
pensive Congressional furniture is altogether
too precious to be kept in Washington: it
should be left at home.
(2) Ask your Congressman to name a sin
gle bad law that he has tried, earnestly and
persistently, to repeal.
(3) What good law has he strenuously and
continuously endeavored to have adopted?
(4) Where was he when the infamous new
military law was passed?
(5) Where was he when that Boston firm
got the law which gave it a million dollars
of your money for the two old dry-docked
vessels, the Shawmut and the Pawtucket?
(6) What has he done to compel the Gov
ernment to put in circulation the one hundred
and fifty million dollars of idle gold that has
been in the Treasury the last ten years?
(7) What has he done to force the Gov
ernment to refund that Cotton Tax illegally
levied after the Civil War?
(8) What has he done to get you a postal
telegraph, a Parcels-post, a Postal Savings
bank system?
(9) Did he ride on free passes while draw
ing ten cents a mile, mileage, from you? Ask
him.
(10) Does he pay for his telegrams and
his express packages? If not, you may be
able to figure out why he has been so quies
cent, all these years, in the matter of the pos
tal telegraph and the Parcels-post.
(11) Does he come home to plead law cases
while Congress is in session?
(12) Does he come home, while Congress
is in session to take a hand in State cam
paigns? If so, he cares more for HIS OW N
AMBITIOUS PLANS FOR THE FU
TURE, than he does of his Congressional du
ties; and you are justified in refusing to vote
for him any longer.
(13) When the Republican President was
making that spectacular grand-stand play of
asking Congress for eighty thousand dollars
of your money to build houses for the dagoes
in Sicily and Italy—did your Congressman
have the nerve to oppose it? Be certain to
ask him.
PAGE SEVEN