PAGE SIXTEEN
him every way. His laws are splendid. Wish
ing you and Arling all success in your noble
work, I remain, your new cousin, Jimmie
Thompson (aged twelve), Glennville, Ga., R.
F. D. 4.
(Arling Tootle, you will remember, is the
boy who suggested a Sunshine League for
Our Post-Card Club just at the time when
we were considering the organization of the
Sunny South Brotherhood. We at once
recognized the value of the idea, and the
kindness of heart which prompted it. That’s
the history of the Junior Brotherhood, and to
Arling 1 ootle, who is, T think, about thirteen
years old, the honor belongs.)
FROM ALABAMA.
Dear Daddy Jiml think the Sunny
South Brotherhood will be fine. The best
way to carry it on would be for the members
to organize clubs all over the, country, and
have meetings to raise money to send around
to the poor and helpless invalids. I think a
button with “S. S. B.” around the edges
would be a good badge for the members to
wear. The rules should be that the members
should do all in their power for the Sunny
South Brotherhood, and be kind to dumb
animals; and the members should pledge
themselves to work for the S. S. 8., and do
their best to organize a club in that part of
the country. I am a boy, fourteen years of
age, and as this is my first attempt I will
close with best wishes for the Sunny South
Brotherhood and the Jeffersonians.—Your
friend, John C. Ray, R. F. D. 1, Eufaula,
Ala.
A CHEERY LETTER.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l think the Sunny
South Brotherhood is a good thing, and if all
More Light on Vaccine Pro
duction
Dear Sir: —Would you object to
publishing the enclosed official de
scription of the filthy mess known as
“Vaccine Lymph’’?
You will note that this delightful
mixture, above described, caused the
expenditure of $350,000 at one time
and over $250,000 a second time,
and the destruction of over 30,000
cattle, by the Department of Agri
culture to save cattle from the awful
foot-and-mouth disease, while, at the
same time, the different school
FREE Dollar Bottle
■ ■ w.nairas you pay nothing for it W
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific formula
of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases
' and symptoms mentioned below—it’s the ■
most certain of all and there is no doubt B iJ* JALR |1 f
about this. Vitaline tablets are just ®l 4
the treatment so many are looking WgjyjH
fill
for, what they should have and must have •• y
to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. I
it makes no difference how weak you are coin to get the bottle packed and i
nor how long you have had your trouble I P° Bta s e - This is all you have S
Vitaline tablets will easily overcome it- |
tney will not tail nor disappoint you. pMlvAl bottle without cost or obligation to w
iirnitmtA "M’w prove what a wonderful remedy gs
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY- vitaiitv fceSli v , italine I ? blets ? re - , We 1
Nervousness, Weakness, Twitching, .Jerking, Easily when you have taken teem you’ll B
Excited, Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back Lack rW- "'JI ® a V with a glad heart that you have B
ot Strength. Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams,’ Poor BL & t last found the right medicine, w
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. K AjOl Vitaline tablets act on the Vital Or- B
QTHMAPU TRfillßl CQ Fain In Stomach. Loss pjM Wal fans that generate vitality and create £»
v I UmHun I ilUUuLud' - of Appetite, I>.y>peps>a KW si M the nerve force which makes one feel B
Indigestion, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache’ r 6 tron k, vigorous and healthy, equal to B
Bloated, Heartburn, Sour Belchin r, Spitting Up,
Catarrh, Gas, Gnawing, Nervousness. strength and health. They give you B
HPinv utrivuPAA 1 e. . 4 vigorand vitality everydaj and restore B
HFAPi WI" AKN V. ,r n T?’-’ ? lr> b ina; '1 a l' you Bofastandcomplerely you never B
"tHMitOv pitation,l ainii Heart,Side IS/ iff/ > know there was anything the matter. B
or Shoulder Blade, Snort Breath, W eak, Sinking, Cold IS ' Vitaline tablets are cuaranteed bv us nn B
Rheumatism, Throbbing in g der the U. S Pure Food M d DrugsUw £ I
excitement or Exertion, Guarantee No. 8877. You never had any- {gp
PATAPRU Hawking, Spitting, Nose Running Kr thing like them, c'mbinin? their wonderful H
UA IAHII It Watery or Yellowl h Matter or Stopped Ki caring and strengthening powers.
Up, Sneezing, Dull Headache*, Coughing, Deafness; fiS'/ We send you our illustrated book, “Vital- M
Faina In Kidneys, Bladder. Lungs, Stomach or Bowels ✓ ity.’’ You have never seen one like it. Our Kg
may be Catarrh. testimonials from people cure 1 after ten to M
forty years of doctoring will convince you H
BLOOD I
vous, Ra<h, ores, Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, •■■■■
Loss of Flesh and btrength. Exact size of Bottle containing 120 Vitaline tablets.
ENCLOSE IO CENTS IN STAMPS;QR COIN, for Postage?
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81 -152 Lake Street, Chicago. I enclose amount for postage
and packing. Send at once by mail in plain package, SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets, without cost
or obligation to me.
NAME „
ADDRESS • «••■•••••• •••••• • .
the money that is going to Foreign Missions
was put into such things as the S. S. 8., the
country would be better off. Even if you
couldn’t do much, just everyone could throw
in a nickle, and it would help a lot; or go
in and speak a few cheerful words and stay
awhile. The badge should be a button, with
some emblem in the center, and the words
“Sunny South Brotherhood” around the
edge. The rules should be to take care of the
sick and crippled members; love each other;
do not curse or beat dumb animals; and the
pledge should be: “I promise to do all I can
for the sick, crippled and needy; to protect
and help the old folks and children; to re
port to the Brotherhood, and to look after, as
far as I can, all cases of need in my neighbor
hood.” Let us all resolve to do all we can
for the sick, crippled and needy around us.—
Gladys Smith, R. F. D. 3, Bartow, Ga., thir
teen vears old.
THE FIRST ORGANIZER.
Daddy Jim:—l will help to organize the
Brotherhood, and will become a working
member. I long to see the day when I can
have a long talk with you. I see my plan is
about to be carried out. I will sign a pledge,
if necessary. Wishing all the members a
happv Easter, I am. your brother in the S. S.
8., Arling Tootle, Glennville, Ga..R.F.D.4.
(When we get organized, what’s the matter
with Arling Tootle for President of the Ju
nior Brotherhood?)
THIS IS ALL RIGHT. TOO.
Dear Daddy Jim: —I favor your wise plan
of organizing the Sunny South Brotherhood.
It is an organization which would be a moral
uplift to the crippled poor and downtrodden
boards and “health’’ (?) depart
ments of the various municipalities
in this country, and the army and
navy department, were innoculating
men, women and children with the
same poison at a cost of hundreds of
thousands of dollars more—save cat
tle, but destroy human beings.
H. HITCHCOCK, M. D.
The New Lymph Made in Germany.
Mr. Chaplin is determined to en
force vaccination upon the children
of unwilling parents by prosecution
and fine. Let us tell the people what
kind of matter it is with which the
Jeffersonian
medical faddist will in future infect
healthy children. It was patented in
this country in 1883. There is a
pleasing description of it in the “Re
port to the Local Government Board
on the Preparation and Storage of
Glycerinated Calf Vaccine Lymph’’,
by Sir Richard Thorne Thorne and
Dr. Monckton Copeman. They de
scribe what they saw at the Institut
de Vaccine Animate in Paris. The
calves cost about 147 francs per head
and are sold at a loss of about 40
francs, in order, we suppose, to bribe
the butchers to palm off the diseased
meat on their unsuspecting custom
ers.
The report describes the vaccina
tion of the calf. The surface being
shaved and washed, about one hun
dred incisions, “each about an inch
long,’’ are made. Over each incision
a drop of glycerinated lymph is al
lowed to fall, and the drop is rubbed
in. “The process is carried out by
one of the laboratory servants, and is
a somewhat lengthy one.” What
human beings suffer from two or
three vaccine vesicles we know. What
must the wretched calf suffer from
a hundred or more?
The report thus describes the
“Collection of Lymph”:
“The vaccine material is always
collected on the sixth day. The calf
is once more placed on the table;
or, if material is required for im
mediate use only, it is usually allow
ed to stand. The vaccinated area is
washed with warm water, and dried
with clean soft cloths. Each vesicle
is now clamped separately, and the
crust first removed with a lancet,
which is then wiped on a cloth
pinned to the front of the clean
cotton blouse which the operator has
previously donned.
“The vesicle is then thoroughly
scraped with the edge of a some
what blunt lancet, and the resulting
mixture of lymph, epithelial tissue
(skin) and blood is transferred to a
small nickel crucible set in a wide
wooden stand on a table close to the
operator.
“To the pultaceous (gruelly) mass
contained in the crucible there is
added about an equal quantity of
glycerine.
“The mixture of pulp and glyce-
of our native land, and in my opinion every
voice of Heaven would approve such a move
ment. As to a badge, I favor the letters: S.
S. B.—H. M. S., as the initials of the Sunny
South Brotherhood, Home Mission Society.
Every person should send 25 cents entrance
fee, and receive a badge for same. Daddy
Jim, as keeper of records, should write the
names of all members to whom badges are
sent. As to a pledge, I favor Daddy Jim’s
proposal in last week’s paper. Arling
Tootle’s suggestion of a Junior S. S. B. is a
good one. Such an organization would pre
vent those slant-eyed Chinese and black
Ethiopians from fattening on the money of
the people of the rural communities, as they
are the people who feed and clothe the world.
—Louis Burton, fifteen years old, Crawford
ville, Ga.
FROM LOUISIANA.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l hail from the good
old State of Louisiana, and have never writ
ten to any paper before. lam the oldest of
a family of six children, three boys and three
girls. My papa is a rural carrier from Chou
drant, La. Daddy Jim, I think the Sunny
South Brotherhood could do lots of good for
the sick and needy in our beautiful South
land. I would let the members pledge them
selves to do all the good they could at home.
I would have a nice button, and the members
should pay 25 cents for a button when they
join, and that will give us something in the
treasury to be used when it is most needed. I
want to be among the first to join. Hoping
you will soon have our Sunny South Brother
hood helping and making every sick and
needy boy and girl happy, I will close.—
Ruby Hammons, eleven years old, Choudrant,
Louisiana.
rine is triturated in a mixing ma
chine driven by a small electric
motor.
“The mixture, having thus been
rendered thin and homogeneous, is
received in a clean sterilized nickel
crucible placed beneath the machine,
but with a view of still further im
proving its appearance and of re
moving any extraneous matters, such
as hairs, it is afterwards pressed
through a small brass-wire sieve con
sisting of extremely fine gauze into
an agate mortar. This is done by
means of a bone spoon, and there is
left on the surface of the gauze noth
ing but a very small quantity of
epithelial tissue together with a few
hairs. The mixture is further tritu
rated in the mortar with an agate
pestle, and is then ready for filling
into the tubes in which it is dis
tributed.”
We apologise to our readers for
reproducing this loathsome passage
from the report. But it is our duty
to expose the bestial character of
this new outrage on parents. And
yet this, if you please, is the stuff
which Mr. Chaplin declares will
“revolutionize the present system of
public vaccination.” —From the Star,
London, 23d June, 1898.
-
z-r?^v ACntT J -\t7-A *- EVER J
<W?V OTI ’ I ' ,WI I
■
C 6NITE >
<tyears^
ay'lhe WATERLOO BOY X”
jf has all of the pood points that go
f into any gasoline engine besides
many exclusive patented features
I WATERLOO BOY I
I the best engine for every conceivable I
H purpose.
I We will send to any responsible person I
fl a Waterloo Boy on 30 days’free trial, and B
J if it doesnot do ail and more than we claim, |
R if you are not satisfied that it is the best, I
■ send it back and we will pay the freight |
I bothways. Can you think of a more liberal ■
B proposition than this? Write today for I
L our free catalogue, showing styles and J
sizes and our free trial offer blank.
Waterloo Gasoline Eosine Co.
Greensboro, N. C. free
lywirriMuX- - fRIAUJBIE