I refer to the adoption by the Galveston
Convention of the cunningly worded resolu
tions of the Ship-subsidy thieves.
I hose who patriotically desire the restora
tion of the American Merchant-marine know
that the easiest, simplest, justest way to do it
is, to change the law so that the American
buyer of a ship will be put upon an equality
with his European rival. Let the American
merchant buy his vessel where he can buy it
cheapest. Don’t take millions out of the
Treasury for the selfish and private benefit of
the Steel Trust, and of those corporations
that maintain steamships in connection with
their railroads.
Why should the Farmers' 1 Union favor an
infamous proposition to lay additional taxes
on agriculture, for the benefit of manufac
turers and Wall Street railway monarchs?
God pity the American farmer! Appar
ently, he will never learn to spot the wily
hypocrites, frauds and pretenders who make
their living by farming the farmer.
@ ® ®
Coca-Cola and Dr. Broughton
On page 16 of The Golden Age, a well
known religious paper, will be found an ad
vertisement of certain Christian literature.
The ad. covers one-half the page and begins:
Dr. Broughton’s Books
A full-length picture of the Doctor is prom
inent in the advertisement. The Doctor is
represented holding an open book in his hand,
—presumably, the Book.
The literature offered for sale includes:
“Religion and Health”, “Up from Sin”, and
“Table Talks of Jesus”.
By reference to page 4 of the same issue
(September 9, 1909), one discovers that Dr.
Broughton is “Pulpit Editor" of The Golden
Age.
Parallel to the advertisement of the Doc
tor’s books on religion, one finds a large ad.
of Coca-Cola. The picture of the Doctor
stands side by side with the Coca-Cola ad.
And the very first editorial in that issue of
The Golden Age, is a glowing endorsement
of Coca-Cola!
Religious literature and a pernicious bev
erage standing together in the advertising
columns: religious writing and the pernicious
tipple joined together in the editorials.
In the official report of the United States
“Homes Commission’’, Coca-Cola is branded
as one of the soft-drinks which are inflicting
immense injury upon our people—especially
the young.
Any disinterested and competent physician
will tell you how that alluring drink “fixes
a habit” upon its victims, enchains them more
irresistibly month after month, and leads
them on to the terrible day when the stom
ach, brain and nervous system give way.
Cigarettes and Coca-Cola, twin imps of
Satan, —the ruin of as many boys as the bar
room ever destroyed.
Have you lived in Atlanta all these years,
Doctor Broughton, without knowing of the
ravages of Coca-Cola?
The Methodists of Georgia are embar
rassed by the fact that the Coca-Cola mil
lionaire is the brother of their Bishop.
Besides, Mr. Asa Candler gives lavishly to
the Church.
But it seems that the Baptist Church is to
be embarrassed, also. Earnest Willie Up
shaw, the temperance lecturer! — is commit
ting himself, his religious paper, and his col
league, Dr. Broughton, to a dangerous bev
erage which the Government officially con
demns, which all impartial doctors know to
be as bad as whiskey, and worse than beer
and wine.
□teffersoitlan
Church Membership
We clip the following from The Wesleyan
Christian Advocate:
“It is encouraging to learn, what previous reports
have prepared us to believe, that the increase of
church membership is greater than the increase of
population. In 1890, church members formed 32.7 per
cent, of the entire population; in 1906 they consti
tuted 39.1 per cent. —an increase in sixteen years over
population of 6.4 per cent. Os this increase, Roman
Catholics are credited with 4.4 per cent., Protestants
with 1.8, the balance being divided among other re
ligions. Os the total membership, Protestants number
28,287,742; Roman Catholics, 12,079,142, the latter
figure effectually answering the claim made in certain
quaiters that Roman Catholics outnumbered Protest
ants in this country. Os Protestants, Methodists come
first with a total membership of 5,749,838, followed by
Baptists with 5,662,234; Lutherans, 2,112,949; Pres
byterians, 1,830,555, and Disciples of Christ, 1,142,000
The bulletin states that there is $1,250,000,000 in
vested in church property, and that new churches are
built at the rate of eight each day.
“Building eight churches per day in this country
does not indicate the speedy demolition of Christianity
in this country. Nor does it show that the people of
this country are very clamorous for Dr. Eliot’s ‘new
religion.’ ”
Unfortunately, the building of churches is
no proof of the true condition of religion.
Many a rich man who came by his money
in wicked ways, will donate liberally to the
Church, because it salves his guilty conscience
to do so. Paganism was never more ornate
in its temples, and more industrious in erect
ing them, than just before its fall.
Our purpose, however' in clipping the ex
tract, was to call attention to the satisfaction
expressed by the Editor because of an alleged
increase of Christians over population of less
than 2 per cent.
Here we have a nation of more than
90,000,000 inhabitants, and yet two-thirds of
them do not even profess Christianity.
Allow for the millions of Christians who
have come here from Europe, and you will
recognize the appalling fact that when you
test the matter liy so doubtful a criterion as
church-membership, we Christians are con
verting our own children.
In other words, the dumber of the pro
fessors of religion is not equal to the growth
of the families of Christian fathers and
mothers.
Leave out the immigrant, and the religion
of Christ is at a relative standstill in the
United States.
It is in a minority of one to three, and this
minority is not gaining .on the majority.
And when we take into consideration the
fact, obvious in every community in Amer
ica, that a large proportion of church mem
bers are Christians in name only, it is diffi
cult to understand how any disciple of Jesus
can be inclined to exult over the situation.
[g] SI
Mr. Brownlow's Evidence
In the Christian Advocate, Nashville,
Tenn., we find this:
“Mr. Louis Brownlow, of Washington, passed
through Nashville the other day, returning from a
voyage around the world. He travels for a syndicate
of daily papers, and may be trusted, we take it, to
give a fair account of what he saw. In an interview
with him printed in the Nashville Tennesseean he is
quoted as saying:
“ ’The greatest influence in the uplift of the down
trodden millions of the poorer people of the Asiatic
countries is that of the missionaries, the greater num
ber of whom come from the United States. I doubt if
any American can possibly appreciate the great good
being done by the missionaries in Asia unless he goes
himself to see them at work. When an American gives
a dollar to foreign missions, especially to those in
China, he does more for suffering fellow-creatures than
he can do in any other way with the same means. Tn
education, in sanitation, and in the spiritual uplift
the missionaries are leading the Chinese onward and
upward.’
“All of which is commended to the attention of Mr.
Thomas Watson.”
That’s all right. Mr. Brownlow didn't hit
Mr. Thomas Watson. Never has The Jef
fersonian claimed that the $21,000,000, spent
abroad for the benefit of the heathen, result
ed in no uplift of the heathen. On tire con
trary, we have admitted that schools, colleges,
industrial training, medicine, medical and
surgical services, books, clothing, board and
lodging, and regular pay at good wages, were
mighty good things for the pagans of the
Orient.
We notice in the II Oman's Missionary Ad
vocate that our Methodist friends have re
cently given $20,000 for a new school build
ing at Matanzas, Cuba. The salaries of the
teachers amounted to $6,670 for the year.
That's good for Cuba. The sum of nearly
$50,000 was spent for the year on schools in
Mexico.
That's good for the Mexicans. The sum of
$25,000 was spent for a new school building
in Piracicaba, Brazil; and upwards of $31,000
in teachers’ salaries, house rent, school furni
ture, etc., for the year, in Brazil.
That's good for the Brazilians. In China
(we are all crazy about China, you know,)
the missionaries spent large sums for addi
tions to the hospital, for the Holston Insti
tute, for a Woman’s Home ($5,000), and
SIO,OOO for the Lucy Cuninggim Memorial.
Besides, they paid SI,OOO for a house-boat and
baby organ. (This house-boat fad is a brand
new wrinkle.) In salaries to teachers, house
rent, moving missionaries about, repairs to
buildings, salary of music teachers, expense
of day schools, of hospital, girls’ school, etc.,
etc., they disbursed, for the year, some $60,000
in China and Korea.
And that’s good for Chinese and Koreans.
But every dollar of that money, over and
above the necessary expenses of strictly evan
gelistic work. ought to have been invested in
secular schools, musical education, and uplift
endeavor among the poverty-cursed millions
of our own race, in our own country.
SI iS ®
State Authorities Should Enforce
State Laws
The idea prevails that state laws do not ex
tend over military reservations, like the Mc-
Pherson Barracks, near Atlanta. But they
do. By ceding the land to the United States
Government, the State lost jurisdiction of the
place, but not over the persons there.
Men cannot commit murder, arson and rape
at the Barracks, and then claim immunity
from punishment under state laws, on the
ground that the United States Government
owns the reservation. Such a situation would
bring the State and the Law into utter con
tempt.
United States officers have no right to try
a man for murder in Georgia, or in any other
state. The Superior Courts of the counties
wherein the crimes are committed, are the
tribunals to handle these offenders. They are
not put in legal jeopardy when “tried”'by a
military court. The officers have no more au
thority to try a rape case, arson case, or mur
der case, than the County Commissioners
have.
We urge Governor Jos. M. Brown, Attor
ney-General Hart, and Solicitor Hill to do
something in the premises.
The jurisdiction claimed and exercised by
the Court-martial, the magnitude of the
crime itself, the innocent blood that cries for
vengeance, the consequences that are likely
to flow from the failure to punish so great an
infraction of the law, —are circumstances
that may very properly be brought to the at
tention of those who are under oath to en
force the law.
It will be an awful and disgraceful thing,
if the officer who ordered the killing of that
private soldier, and the patrol who did it,
are not even indicted by the Grand Inquest of
the county in which the barbarous deed was
done.
PAGE THIRTEEN