PAGE EIGHT
3effersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
■ Mil >■! Mil ■■>!■! ! - MM
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
— *\
ATLANTA, GA., NOVEMBER 12,1908.
What I Habe Libed To See.
From 1889 to 1908 is a far cry, and between
those dates I’ve seen lots of things.
Overwhelmingly elected to Congress because
of the popularity of the Farmers’ Alliance plat
form, an avalanche of hatred and persecution
fell upon me because I kept my pledge to be
true to it.
Put out of Congress by the most criminal
methods ever practiced in the South, I was
buried in effigy, after funeral processions had
paraded the streets and a funeral sermon had
been preached over my “remains.”
Considered quite dead, you know. Then I
saw the great Democratic party take up the
Populist platform, nominate Bryan upon it, and
eagerly accept the services of the resurrected
Watson —most eagerly in Bryan’s own state.
In 1889 I delivered a Labor Day speech in Au
gusta, Georgia, which was so radical that it
queered me with “the business men” of that
city. They looked at me askance and classed
me “dangerous.”
I’ve lived to see a President advance to the
position taken by me in that speech, and to see
the Democratic party go far beyond it. If the
business men of Augusta voted for Taft, thev
went as far as I did in the speech which jarred
them so; if they voted for Bryan they went
farther than I have ever gone, or will ever go.
Never would I have gone as far away from
the right road as Bryan went in his deal with
Gompers.
Then after being a good Populist for eight
years —from 1896 to 1904 —I saw Bryan knuckle
down to the Grover Cleveland element of his
party. He said that as a party man, he
must bow to the will of the majority, but that
immediately after the election he meant to re
organize his party, throw out the gold stand
ard crowd, eject the conservatives and put the
radicals in command once more.
Then I saw him advance the banners of radi
calism until he reached Government Owner
ship, the Initiative and Referendum, the Im
perative Mandate and the Recall.
Here, indeed, was a people’s champion, pano
plied with the burnished steel of Progressive
ism.
Then I saw him disarm himself, dismount
from his fiery war-horse, break his sword, re
nounce his creed, and humbly seek pardon
from the Dave Hills, the Judge Parkers, the
Pat McCarrens, the Charles Murphys, the Rich
ard Olneys, the Hillary Herberts, the Grover
Clevelandites generally!
Then a strange thing happened. The Demo
crats who could not endure Bryan, voted the
Republican ticket.
Thus I have seen the Democratic party, un
der Cleveland, go almost to the Republican po
sition ; and then go almost to the Populist posi
tion with Bryan ; and then, under this same
Bryan, go almost to the Republican position
again. So nearly Republican did this latest
edition of Bryan become that he claimed Re
publican votes on the ground that he, and not
Taft, was Roosevelt’s heir.
In other words, I have lived to see the dear
old Democratic party box the compass, and if
XSlje Jeffersonian,
there’s anything left in it but a burning thirst
for office nobody can tell what it is.
I have lived to see the leaven of Populism
permeate the whole loaf in my native state, and
make itself an influence throughout the Union.
We have state-wide Prohibition in Georgia
—thanks to the Pops who first made that an
issue. To other- states this reform is rapidly
extending. We have direct election of all offi
cers by the people—thanks to the Pops who
first demanded that reform.
The Ocala demand that U. S. Senators be
elected by direct vote of the people, not onlv
controls in Georgia but has taken control in
many other states. The candidates are com
pelled to submit their claims to a primary
which is binding upon the legislature.
We have the Disfranchisement law in Geor
gia, thanks to the Populist proposition of Sept.
1, 1904. This law removes the fear of Negro
Domination, and Georgia can now take the
lead in breaking up that political slavery so de
grading to the Solid South.
I have lived to see every candidate for office
in Georgia tune his platform and his speeches
as though he wanted to play the fiddle with
every Pop.
Candidates for the Senate suddenly become
good Greenbackers on the money-question;
candidates for Governor flop overnight from
Clevelandism to Populism ; candidates for Con
gress tune up their violins until they are in
full accord with us Pops.
We have created a Public Opinion through
out this republic which is felt all the way from
the cabin to the White House.
I have lived to see the Democratic dailies of
the South ignore or vilify me throughout a
campaign in which I did not stir out of my
state and then, on the morning after the elec
tion, kick Bryan and virtually say editorially,
"‘WATSON IS RIGHT.”
From «ne end of the South to the other runs
the cry,
“We must make the South doubtful,- politi
cally, and thus make her politically important.”
Wasn’t that the burden of my song through
out the campaign?
The Atlanta Constitution, the Georgian, and
many other nominally Democratic papers are
now emphasizing the very thing that was the
leading idea of mv campaign.
They stone the prophet but accept his mes
sage. All right: I make no complaint.
HMM
Holv Try an Carried Nebraska.
The newspapers have been publishing ac
counts of the happiness of Mr. Bryan and his
family, caused by the fact that the Peerless
carried his home state.
But is it a thing to be proud of? Not unless
he carried Nebraska fairly, honorably, and
without injury to the state. If he won a ma
jority by political dishonesty, he ought not to
feel happy. If he sacrificed the best interests
of the best people of his state to his own selfish
ambition, he ought not to feel proud.
How did Brvan carry Nebraska?
(1) By a dishonest trick which scooped the
Populists. (2) By a foul deal with the liquor
interests.
Says the New York Sun, (Democratic,) :
“The chief factor in the defeat of the Repub
licans was the solid opposition of the liquor in
terests, who voted the straight Democratic
ticket.”
“The solid opposition of the liquor dealers”
defeated Taft, in Nebraska.
The solid support of the liquor interests gave
Brvan his majority in Nebraska.
Is that kind of a victory one to be proud of?
What sort of moral force does Bryan repre
sent when he uses all of his God-given talent
and energy to keep the saloon keepers in con
trol of his home state?
In the state of Georgia, the Democratic partv
boasts of the fact that it has closed the bar
rooms,
'■ ‘a'e of Nebraska the Democratic par
tv floats over the fact that it has kept the bar
rooms open.
In Georgia, the Prohibitionists carry the
state for Bryan.
In Nebraska the whiskey people carry the
state for Bryan.
No wonder the Bryan campaign had no mor
al power in it. Such monstrous inconsistencies
can not win. They shock common honesty and
the public conscience.
Instead of being proud of his “victory” in
Nebraska Bryan ought to be ashamed of it.
He bartered away the best interests of his
home state to win personal glory.
To the extent that the open saloon shall do
its inevitable work in Nebraska, to the extent
that a greater number of men shall walk into
the tempters’ snares, to the extent that there
shall be a greater number of wives to suffer
because of sottish husbands, and a greater
number of children pushed into poverty, igno
rance, vice and crime because of wretchedness
at home—to that extent Mr. Bryan has injured
his state.
1? W
Are We Going to Gibe Up the Tight?
The election of Bryan could not have
brought any relief to the suffering masses of
our people. Not only did his platform promise
no substantial reform, but there was a stand
pat Republican Senate to block his way had
he even made the effort to do anything.
How is it with Mr. Taft? He has promised
“tariff revision” and will keep his promise, but
who will revise the tariff? The Dalzell’s, the
Paynes, the Aldriches who control Congress in
the interest of the beneficiaries of Special Priv
ilege.
Mr. Taft’s platform and speeches bind him
to the monstrous proposition that the taxing
power of the Government shall be used for the
purpose of insuring a profit to the manufac
• turers. _
Taxes are not to be imposed solely for the
purpose of paying the expenses of the Govern
ment, —the only legitimate excuse for this form
of confiscation, —but the whole country is
to be taxed for the purpose of guaranteeing
net profits to those capitalists who have put
their money in manufactures!
In the annals of statesmanship, who ever
heard of a principle like that?
Is the manufacturer entitled to anything
more than a square deal? Is he more essential
to the welfare of the Republic than any other
good citizen? Why should he be put upon a
superior footing to all other classes?
Mr. Taft is committed to doctrine that the
tremendous power of taxation vested in the
Federal Government shall be used to wring
tribute from all classes in order that one class
shall be certain of net profits. A revision of
the tariff by men who have that end in view
will leave us in the same fix that it found us.
Every American will have to pay a home-mar
ket monopoly price, in order that our manufac
turers may earn enormous profits. In other
words, the pillage of the many by the few
must be legalized and perpetuated.
That’s the Taft programme on the Tariff.
How about unconstitutional gold standard,
and the national banking system by means of
which the banking class controls prices, holds
the business world at its mercy?
It has nothing to fear from Taft. It will go
right on, devouring its victims.
What about the transportation system, with
its burdens of watered stock, its secret rebates
which kill competition and establish monopoly,
its discriminations against individuals, towns,
cities and sections?
The system has nothing to fear from Taft.
Wherever he can catch some corporation crim
inal violating the law, Mr. Taft will unques
tionably try to punish the offender, but he will
never catch one such criminal out of a hundred.
Therefore, the evils of the system remain.