PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga.. January 11, 1907. as second ciass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga.
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Georgia's Disgrace
The refusal of the Legislature to act favor
ably upon the income tax brings reproach
upon the State of Georgia.
Whom does a Democratic platform bind,
any way ? For w T hat puspose is it made ?
Democratic Congressmen treated it with
contempt during the extra session, and now
the Democratic legislatures are following suit.
Not only do the Democratic dailies fail to
condemn the Georgia Senate for voting
against the income tax, but Mr. Hoke Smith’s
paper, the Atlanta Journal, actually finds
fault, with the legislature of Alabama for act
ing favorably upon it.
The situation is simply amazing, and the
suspicion grows that evil influences are sys
tematically at work.
If there was any one principle for which
the Democratic party might have been ex
pected to stand hitched, it was the income tax.
Bryanites and Clevelandites alike, cried for
it. Democratic babes, you might say, were
raised on it. In county platforms, congres
sional platforms, state platforms, national
platforms, the income tax has ever been a
leading attraction. The question has been uni
versally debated, thoroughly understood, and
unanimously approved.
When the statesmanly alliance between
Senator Bailey and the Western Republican
insurgents made it certain that Bailey’s In
come Tax bill would be passed in the United
States Senate. Aldrich and Taft maneuvered
to side-track Bailey, by referring the whole
matter to the legislatures of the states, —and
the Democrats now balk at their dear old pet,
and say that Alabama has been too hasty in
standing for Democratic principle.
The Macon Telegraph intimates that this
proposed income tax is a Republican trick.
The Atlanta Journal says we must have time
to scratch our heads and think. The Houston
Post defends the Georgia Senate, and so it
goes.
The whole situation is almost unbelievable.
The South and west opposed to
the income tax ? Nine men out of ten, in those
two sections, are heartily in favor of it, and
the politicians who are basing their calcula
tions upon a contrary opinion are heaping up
future trouble for themselves.
There are two unanswerable arguments in
favor of the income tax:
(1) *lt taxes wealth instead of poverty. It
takes a small toll out of net income, whereas
other taxes deprive you of a portion of w’hat
you have got, whether you have any net in
come of not. Besides, it will hit the two rich
est sections hardest, and compel the North
and East to pay something for the tariff pro
tection which they enjoy at the expense of the
West and South:
(2) It opens up a new source of Federal
revenue, and thereby prepares the way for the
reduction of the infernal tariff.
The capitalists of the whole country are
fighting this proposed income tax. The rich
are working with all their might to keep Fed-
Jeffersonian
eral taxes where they are now, — on the backs
qnd bellies of the poor.
'■ Who could have believed that in such a
contest nearly every Democratic daily of the
South would have taken sides against the
poor?
Those that are not fighting the income tax,
are drenching it with ice-water.
The unexpected action of the Georgia legis
lature has created such a bad impression
abroad, and has given such a backset to the
proposed amendment, that Governor Brown
might very well take into careful considera
tion the suggestions of an extra session.
It is charged that the Georgia Senate was
corruptly influenced by hireling lobbyists; can
ice afford to rest under that disgraceful accu-
Governor Brown?
g] IS ®1
The Smile of Mr. Taft
Do you find yourself inclined to grow dis
satisfied with those magazine and newspaper
pictures which represent the varying phases
of the President’s smile? Are you coming to
fear that there is a disquieting levity about
Mr. Taft? With his everlasting smile, his
indispensable golf, his regularity of attend
ance at ball games, his insistence upon per
sonal pleasures, luxuries and vacation, —isn’t
he creating an unfavorable impression upon
serious-minded people ?
It is a tremendous responsibility that rests
upon President Taft. In no small degree, his
example and his purpose and his work (or
failure to work), will have its influence for
good or evil upon 90,000,000 people. The re
alization of this mighty fact is enough to so
ber any intelligent, conscientious man.
It is possible that Mr. Cleveland harped
somewhat too much upon “the awful respon
sibilities” of the position of President; but, as
between the too frequent repetition of that
phrase and the smile-and-let’s-play habit of
Mr. Taft, we give a decided preference to the
Cleveland repetitions of a very solemn truth.
In a sense, the President is the ruler of this,
the greatest Republic the world has ever
known. He has greater powers than the King
of Great Britain or the Emperor of Germany.
By the use of patronage and personal ascend
ancy, he can exert almost irresistible sway
over Congress. Upon occasion, he can “pack”
the Supreme Court. If he so wills, he can ig
nore its decisions, reducing the Court to
impotence, as Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln
did, —and as Cleveland ought to have done,
when Wall Street bribed one of the Justices
to change his opinion over night on the In
come Tax.
Next year, when the infamous Dick bill
goes into effect, the President will have the
authority to order the militia of Georgia to
Illinois, to quell strike-riots; or to march Mas
sachusetts militia into Louisiana. Governors
and legislatures will be shorn of prerogatives
which they have enjoyed since the foundation
of the Government.
In other words, the President will be our
War Lord, and the National Guard will be
patterned after the German landwehr. (When
Gen. Cutting of California was doing his ut
most to pass this measure through the 52nd
Congress, I was able to arouse the Democrats
to a sense of its menace to the states and to
democratic principles. Col. W. C. Oates,
Chairman of the Special Judiciary Commit
tee, threw his authority against the bill, and it
was defeated.)
TFAa# is Mr. Tass’s plan.—his purpose? He
is master of the situation. He need fear no Sen
ator or Representative. Just as John Ran
dolph shattered his own prestige when he col
lided with President Jefferson, so the haugh
ty Roscoe Conkling tripped himself when he
declared war on President Garfield. If Mr.
Taft would assert himself, the New England
Senatorial clique would find resistance vain
and ruinous. But what ere Mr. Taffs pol
icies?
With boisterous strenuosity Mr. Roosevelt
cleared the track for his successor. He
knocked Cortelyou out of the way, pulled the
pins from under Hughes, and galloped ruth
lessly over every other aspirant,—all for the
benefit of the man chosen to carry out the
Roosevelt policies.
And what has been the result? With al
most indecent haste and ostentation, “my pol
icies” have been booted out of doors.
Roosevelt commissions have been abolished;
Roosevelt prosecutions dropped; the Roose
velt conservation policy suddenly checked and
reversed; the water-power grabbers have made
enormous headway; the New England rail
road mergers expressly sanctioned; the Stand
ard Oil suits abandoned; the Beef Trust re
leased, with a courteous declaration that such
eminently respectable law-breakers could not
possibly have meant to do any wrong!
What Mr. Roosevelt thinks of all this, we
do not know. As to Mr. Taft, he smiles, goes
to the ball game, or sits to have another pic
ture taken.
Proofs positive were offered that a con
spiracy had been formed between wTool-grow
ers and wool manufacturers, to prevent the
revision downward which Mr. Taft had prom
ised. The President and Congress were asked
to consider evidence that would establish the
fact that these conspirators had paid a large
sum of money to the Republican Congres
sional Campaign Committee, last year, and
that in return for this contribution the con
spirators had been promised that Mr. Taffs
personal pledge would not be kept.
But the offered proofs were rejected— and
the President put his signature to a bill which
does not keep his personal pledge.
The w’oolen schedules were severely left
alone, as per paid-for promise to the conspira
tors. The automobiles of the rich will con
tinue to be taxed at 50 per cent, and the blan
kets of the common people at 165 per cent.
But the President, in the photographs taken
since he signed the bill which dishonors his
word, smiles as indomitably as he did before
his promise was broken.
Well, we must say that we would hail with
delight some indication that the President is
a man who has some serious Presidential pur
pose,—some sober appreciation of the im
mense burden of responsibility that rests
upon him. He is our national ruler, and all 7
great rulers of men have been intensely se
rious.
The face of Caesar wore no smile. It was
trenched with wrinkles of care, haggard from
unutterable sadness and fatigue.
The features of the great Frederick are not
sunny and smiling. They are graven with
lines of thought, overcast by melancholy and
sombre-cynical gloom.
The historic ministers of England have not
been merry men. Burleigh, Walpole, Chat
ham, Fox,, Pitt, Gladstone, Disraeli, Salis
bury,—there are no sunny radiances upon
those pilots of state. Responsibility, intense
thought, the wear and tear of guidance and
toil, the trace of anxious days and sleepless
nights,—all this is written upon the coun
tenance of every British minister that the
world calls great.
Study one of the portraits of George Wash
ington, or of Thomas Jefferson, or of Andrew
Jackson, or of Abraham Lincoln. In the face
of Washington is gravity of the deepest sort,
a seriousness so profound that it is stern.
Mr. Jefferson’s countenance is that of the
philosopher who has attained serenity. He
has toiled, he has suffered, but has conquered
pain, recovered from his wounds, and is at
rest, with himself and the world.
Then inspect the old-age portraits of An
drew Jackson. Did you ever see such evi
dences of storms that had been ridden out,
griefs that had been borne, labors that had
been done, —labors of Hercules which had left
their traces of weariness and exhaustion on
this rugged, weather-beaten, tragic counten
ance ?