PAGE EIGHTEEN
It’s Your Record Which Is on
Trial, Congressman Bill How
ard. Slandering Watson and
the Populists Is a Ruse
that Won’t Work
(Concluded from Page Fifteen)
my, iand firing on your own people, you do noth
ing else, hardly, but retort, at great length—
“My accuser has a bad record.”
And you lug in your various votes, excepting
the vote which damns you—THE VOTE WHICH
CANNON SAYS SAVED HIM.
You say that the regular Democrats condoned
your offense by electing Fitzgerald, of Brooklyn,
a member of the new committee on Rules. Fitz
gerald was chief of the squad of Deserters, and
you argue that his election to the committee
which will control the House puts the regular
Democrats into the hole with you. I agree with
you, Bill. In The Jeffersonian of last week, an
editorial to that very effect appeared. The regu
lar Democrats who voted for Fitzgerald can no
longer point the finger of scorn at you. THEY
LOST AN ISSUE, AND INDORSED A CRIME.
They are bound to know that whenever Cannon
and the Flutes want Fitzgerald, again, they can
get him. They got him last Spring, and they can
get him next Spring. In the last extremity, the
vested Interests can rely on Fitzgerald, the Stand
ard Oil crook, just as they can rely on you, Bill.
By honoring this base deserter, Fitzgerald, the
regular Democrats have said, by actions which
speak louder than words, that a betrayal of the
common jieople to the corporations is no inex
cusable act of dishonor.
NEVERTHELESS, YOU CROAK AT ME FOR
WANTING NEW BROOMS!
ROOSEVELT AND PARKER.
You say that I told the people to vote for Roose
velt rather than Parker.
What I said was, that if we had to have a Re
publican for President, I’d prefer the genuine ar
ticle, to a just-as-good. Parker and Davis had
told the country that there was virtually no dif
ference in policy and principle between the two
old parties. That being the case’ I preferred a
robust article, like Roosevelt, to a lathe-and-plas
ter imitation, like Parker.
If you can get anything out of that, Bill, crack
your whip. Personally, I like Roosevelt. He is
not a Solomon, nor a Napoleon; and he shouts
the Golden Rule as though he had discovered it;
but he is a red-blooded person, is Teddy, and I
like him, personally. Now faint, Bill. Politi
cally, I would smash the life out of him, and he
knows it.
Listen; in 1896, when everybody else was re
viling Yours Truly, Roosevelt pitched into me, in
the Review of Reviews. I wrote him a letter of
remonstrance about it, and the warm-hearted man
immediately apologized, in the most gentlemanly
manner. He did not stop at that. His unjust
reference to me having been publicly made, his
sense of honor suggested that the reparation be
made, publicly. Therefore, in the very first issue
of the same magazine that he could enter, he
came along with a manly, and generous atone
ment.
Inasmuch as Roosevelt is the only one of my
opponents who ever treated me in that genteel
way, my gratitude is not unnatural.
Would you prefer a Wall Street corporation
lawyer— Bill Sheehan’s partner— to Roosevelt for
President, Bill? If so, why?
Bill, you know me of old, and you know that
I never hit below the belt. But you have done
it. Yon have refered to my private relations with
men. You ask me what friend have I not wronged
or betrayed.
It will be time enough for me to enumerate the
childhood, boyhood, college, and manhood friends
who are as deeply attached to me as in the days
of Auld Lang Syne, when you can name a single
one that I have forsaken.
Name your men, Bill!
In my checkered career, from affluence in
childhood to homeless poverty, in youth; and
then to competence; and then to near-insolvency;
and then to financial independence again, there
are many faults to regret— but no crimes, thank
God!
No friend have I forsaken; no debt of grati
tude remains unpaid: no political obligation has
been ignored: no duty wilfully neglected. Not
a single speech, or vote, or writing, or other act
C?l)e Jeffersonian.
of mine was false to what I conceived to be the
best interests of my country. On my record in
Congress, I would be willing to be tried, this
minute, before the Great White Throne, without
a moment’s preparation. It is virginal, in its
purity.
With all of his digging and delving, Bill How
ard could find nothing to condemn save my ob
jection to the use of public money to re-publish,
for campaign purposes, an old bloody-shirt docu
ment, whose only purpose was the re-animation
of sectional hatred.
Bill Howard, during all the years when I was
doing all the wicked things which you have re
vamped and republished, what was the character
of your allusions to me? You always spoke of
me in terms of highest respect, didn’t you? You
know my record from “a to izzard”, and, yet,
you had none but words of praise for me. That
is true, is it not? Then, how can you reconcile
your past conduct with this sewerful of slush that
you now empty on me?
When I went to Washington, during the panic
of 1907, to advise Roosevelt to issue Greenbacks
instead of bonds, you called at my room to pay
your respects and to renew old acquaintance,
didn’t you, Bill? I was out, at the time; and you
left a card expressing your regret at not seeing
me, didn’t you, Bill?
Why did you wish to greet me, again, if I am
the vile creature that you would now’ have the
world believe that I am?
Is it your habit to pay your respects to men
who iare as absolutely devoid of respectability as
you pretend that I am?
For shame, Bill! In weighing the diatribe
which you handed out to the Sunday papers, and
noting its phenomenal errors of fact, its inco
herence of reasoning, its lack of candor and pow
er, I recognize a decided depreciation of your
mental vigor.
Bill, you are not the man that I used to lock
horns with, on the old Northern Circuit.
Your moral decadence has been accompanied
by an intellectual decline. If you have anything
more to publish, show it to Brantley or Adamson,
before giving it to the papers. As it is a fight be
tween me and the whole Georgia delegation, you
owe it to your colleagues to be more circumspect
in your statements. Continued rashness and bad
fencing, on your part, will damage the common
cause.
Even your Secretary ought to have known that
I did not take 27 electoral votes away from Peer
less J. Bryan, in 1896, or in any other year.
Incubate for another two weeks, and then come
again, Bill. Until then, adieu.
THOS. E. WATSON.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WATSON
The Indiana Republicans have held their
State Convention, and a direct slap in the
face has been handed the tariff and the Al
drich-Cannon forces in Congress.
The platform adopted by the Convention
indorses a protective tariff, a tariff commis
sion, the conservation of natural resources,
the policies of Roosevelt, but fails to mention
the Payne-Aldrich Tariff.
But the Convention does indorse Senator
Beveridge’s vote on the Payne-Aldrich bill,
and Senator Beveridge was one of the in
surgent Republicans who fought it in the
Senate.
Beveridge is one of the men whose scalp
Aldrich wants taken, just as he wants Cum
mins’ and La Follette’s. In fact, so bitterly
are these insurgents hated by the Aldrich
crowd that they had rather see Democrats in
their places than have them there.
Aldrich, openly, and President Taft, in a
veiled way, have told the Republicans of In
diana that the party’s chances in the coming
election would be much better if they would
indorse the tariff and rebuke Beveridge, and
no doubt such an action would have helped
the party’s chances this fall.
But the Republicans of Indiana seem to
know what they want without outside advice,
and make no bones about saying so.
Indeed, the spirit of insurgency which Bev
eridge showed in Congress has spread among
the people until the rank and file have de-
serted the regular army and are now follow
ing the Insurgent leaders.
The action of this Convention shows that
the rank and file of the party cares nothing
about the party’s success in the coming Con
gressional elections, if such success means a
continuation of present conditions.
It is the first gun fired by the Insurgents
in the coming campaign, and it begins one of
the hottest political battles waged in many
years.
* * * *
To see just how far the Indiana Conven
tion did go against the Payne-Aldrich tariff,
one has to read Senator Beveridge’s speech
before that body.
He declared that he wanted free iron ore,
of which we have the greatest deposits on
earth, anl which the Steel Trust chiefly con
trols, and for that reason voted against a
tariff on it; he wanted free lumber, and for
that reason voted against a tariff on it; he
wanted the ancient w’oolen schedule reduced
because it gives the Woolen Trust control of
our markets, oppresses the wool-grower, and
raises the price and reduces the weight of the
people’s clothing. He opposed an increase on
cotton cloth, and voted against it; he opposed
an increase on structural steel, punched and
ready for use, and • voted against it, as he
voted against the increase on linoleum, zinc
and silk. He also denounced the infamous
sugar schedule, and explained why he voted
against it.
In conclusion, Mr. Beveridge said:
“I could not stand for the obsolete and infa
mous sugar schedule, which no man in Indiana
can read and understand, but which the Sugar
Trust can read and understand; yet efforts to
change that schedule were opposed by Democratic
votes. We reduced the tariff on refined sugar 5
cents per 100 pounds—one-twentieth of 1 cent, a
half of 1 mill, a pound—which was worse than
no reduction, because it cannot possibly affect the
price, and therefore, is a deception. Yet that is
one of the boasted reductions we hear of.
“It is said that the law has made reductions
on articles entering into the consumption of the
people to the value of $5,000,000,000; yet those
articles are made up of such things as lumber,
agricultural implements, meat and food products,
petroleum and its products, of all of which we
are the greatest exporters in the world; steel
rails and coal, which we export; barbed wire, mo
nopolized by the Steel Trust; nails, manufactured
and sold by an international trust as complete as
the international tobacco monopoly; yarns and
threads; the raw materials for textiles, on which
textiles, when finished for the people’s use, the
tariff was increased; sugar, which was not re
duced in fact, but only in pretense.”
A pretty good speech for any Democrat to
make on the tariff, we admit, but so far we
haven’t heard of a Democrat taking advan
tage of the opportunity.
* * * *
What has just happened in Indiana is al
most sure to take place in lowa, Senator
Cummins’ State; the same line will be fol
lowed. by the Republicans of Wisconsin, La
Follette’s State; while in Kansas, Nebraska,
Colorado, the Dakotas and other States,—you
just keep your weather eye on the situation.
In that section of the country there are
thousands of old Populists of the Nineties
who are waiting and watching for the op
portunity to come again.
These men are the ones who went back to
the Republicans, after they were ditched by
the Bryan special, just as thousands in the
South went back to the Democrats.
They have been keeping quiet, but they are
still alive.
All they want to make them come to the
front is such leaders as some of these Western
Congressmen are proving to be.
Let them see that there is a concentrated
opposition to the present crowd of Repre
sentatives in Congress, as well as opposition
to present conditions, and you will find out
whether or not the principles of the Ocala
platform are still alive.
The stand pat Republicans, and a majority
of the Democratic Congressmen, are playing