PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
\
ATLANTA, GA., DECEMBER 17,1908.
Tell It Not to the Heathen.
In the city of London, not long ago, a great
procession of well-dressed and apparently
sane men crowded the streets, blocking traffic,
followed reverently a lot of sanctimonious
priests who were solemnly carrying, in state,
a little bit of flour-bread.
This small piece of bread had been taken
from the oven, just as any other piece of bread
is taken, and had been carried to a church
where a priest mumbled a prayer over it.
Immediately, this tiny hunk of bread ceased
to be what it was and became something that
it wasn’t.
The prayer of the priest changed the wafer
into the body of Christ.
The prayer did not change the looks of the
bread. The helpless little bit of cooked dough
looked just as much like bread after the priest
muttered his Latin prayer as before.
Neither did the prayer change the taste of
the wafer. It tasted just as much like biscuit
as it did before the priestly function was per
formed.
But, although it continued to look and taste
like a biscuit, it was no longer a biscuit. It
was the body of Christ.
In Roman Catholic lingo, such a piece of
bread is called “The Host,” and when it is
“elevated” inside of one of their Cathedrals,
the faithful prostrate themselves, humbly and
devoutly.
When the wafer goes on its travels, pass
ing through the streets, business must sus
pend, hats fly off people’s heads, and the faith
ful go down on their knees.
That’s what happened in London, not long
ago, and you may see it in New York or Balti
more or Philadelphia, if you care to go that
distance to see intelligent folks make a dis
play of the public and pitiable SURRENDER
OF COMMON SENSE TO PRIESTCRAFT.
Do the “authorities”' ever discourage or in
terfere with these fanatics? No, indeed.
Were you to hoot, or in any way try to hinder
these victims of superstition, you would get
yourself into deep water before you could say
Jack Robinson.
But see how different it was in Kansas City
a few days ago, when a religious fanatic, who
called himself Adam God, was preaching in
the streets, near the City Hall.
The real name of the fanatic is Sharp.
Travelling about with him were. Louis Pratt
and Pratt’s wife and Pratt’s five children, none
of these children being over 14 vears old.
While Adam God was preaching, it was
Mrs. Pratt’s part of the game to take up a col
lection.
Now, while this preacher-beggar business
was in progress, up comes a smarty “officer of
the law” and interferes. He demands informa
tion concerning these children, and when Mrs.
Pratt reminds him that “it is none of his busi
ness,” he becomes more aggressive. The inter
meddling of Holt, the officer, put a stop to the
preaching as well as to the collection. This,
of course, enraged the fanatic, Adam God, and
when Holt persisted in pushing the quarrel,
the fanatic struck him with a pistol.
Holt then dashed into the police head-quar-
15b* Jeffersonian
ters, near by, and made a wild statement that
a band of religious fanatics, armed to the teeth,
were at hand and that they meant trouble.
Out, rushed the police, looking for trouble
and, of course, they found it, —as physicians
often find arsenic in the stomachs of men who
have not died of poison.
Yes, the police, fired up by Holt’s wild
statement rushed out looking for a riot, and
straightway there was a riot.
Holt had told these fanatics that they were
not fit people to have the custody of their chil
dren. Consequently, they thought that Holt
meant to take the children away from them.
The fury of “Adam God” thus becomes more
intelligible.
These poor creatures were strangers in the
midst of a great city, and the very thought of
being robbed of their children was maddening.
But the fanatic had a pistol! Yes; he had
a pistol. The little band of wanderers had
been frequently threatened, and had often been
told that their children ought to be taken from
them.
Being nothing but lowly fanatics, they had
made up their minds to die, rather than be rob
bed of their children. Consequently, the pis
tols.
When Holt, the bumptious officer of the law,
interrupted Sharp’s preaching and Mrs. Pratt’s
taking up of the collection, he was in the
wrong; when he threatened to take away the
children, he was lucky in not having his head
shot off, on the spot.
Many a father of children, under like prov
ocation, would have smashed Holt’s insolent
mouth, the moment he spoke of robbing a
parent of his little ones.
In the excited minds of the fanatics, the
squad of policemen which poured out of the
station and swooped down upon them, were
coming to take the children.
What right had the police to attack all of
these people? Not one of them, excepting
Sharp, had done anything that could be called
unlawful. Sharp was the only one of his band
that ought to have been arrested.
Was any attempt made to arrest him in the
ordinary way? No. The police rushed upon
the whole band, as though every member of
it had committed a crime.
This outrageous conduct of the police pre
cipitated a bloody fight, in which several men
were shot down.
Mrs. Louis Pratt fled from the battle-field,
taking the children with her. She made for
the house boat on the river, in which they
lived while travelling.
The police gave hot pursuit of this woman
and her children.
She reached the house-boat, which was her
home. The police pursued her there. She
then snatched up two of her little girls, jump
ed into the row-boat, and paddled out into the
river.
The police, standing in her home, the house
boat, opened fire upon this woman and the two
little girls, AND KILLED ONE OF THE
GIRLS!
What had the woman done?
Nothing whatever that was unlawful. She
had told the officious Holt that he was med
dling with what did not concern him, and for
speaking this plain but disagreeable truth,
she was chased as if she had been a mad-dog,
AND ONE OF HER DAUGHTERS SHOT
TO DEATH AT HER SIDE.
Adam God was thought to be mortally
wounded, but he says that he will get well.
Says that he hopes to live to even up with
those policemen.
Holt was the cause of the trouble, and if
Sharp shoots anvbodv WE EARNESTLY
HOPE THAT IT WILL BE HOLT.
P. S. Four men and one 13 year old girl
killed, is the result, thus far, of the lawless
action of Holt. Lest they should be prosecut
ed for the murder of the innocent little daugh
ter of Mrs. Pratt, the gallant police are going
to prosecute* Mrs. Pratt for murder. They
have invented the story that she killed one of
the policemen! They killed the girl’s father,
killed the girl, and now demand the life of the
girl’s mother.
m n n
Holv You Could Help.
Comrades, don’t you believe that the coun
try would be better off were the principles ad
vocated by the Jeffersonian put into law?
Surely you do.
Think of the wonderful way in which the
leaven of Populism has worked.
In Georgia, especially, we have driven the
politicians to adopt nearly every one of our
state reforms.
The closing of all the bar-rooms was first
made an issue by us.
So, also, the abolition of the Convict Lease
System.
So, also, the direct election of all officers by
the people.
Through the White Primary, we have even
secured the adoption of that plank of our plat
form which called for the election of U. S.
Senators by the vote of the people.
We first exposed and denounced the use of
public funds by private individuals, and this
abuse no longer prevails in Georgia.
Therefore, the old Pops and “The People’s
Paity Paper” did not altogether fail. They
went down, but their teachings and their in
fluence lived and conquered.
You ought not to be discouraged. You
ought to take heart, and help the Jeffersonian
spread this glorious gospel of true Democracy.
If we can get people to read our literature,
they will lose the prejudice they have against
us. They will see that our principles are nec
essary to the salvation of the country.
Unless the creed of the Jeffersonians finds a
place in the laws of the land, one of two things
is bound to come to pass: WE WILL
EITHER GRAVITATE INTO A PLUTO
CRATIC MILITARY DESPOTISM, OR
WE WILL HAVE A SOCIALISTIC AND
BLOODY REVOLUTION.
You don’t want either the one or the other.
You want a democratic republic whose laws
mete out equal and exact justice to all men,
without special privilege to any.
Then help us work for such laws. Help us
bring to bear on the minds and hearts of men
the truths which will arouse them to a sense
of the dangers which are ahead of us and the
wrongs under which we suffer.
Suppose each one of our friends who is in
hearty sympathy with us should donate one
day to the cause, and use that one day in earn
estly canvassing for subscribers to the two
Jeffersonians!
That’s how you can help and help mightily.
We have given four years to this recent
propaganda (two in New York magazine and
two in the Jeffersonians,) and have not reaped
a dollar’s reward; nor do we ever intend to
profit one cent for our editorial work on the
two Jeffersonians.
It is a labor of love with us, and not a ven
ture to make money.
Knowing this, won’t you help?
H H
What We Want Santa Claus to
firing Us.
Shall the tots have all the fun, and all the
good things, when Christmas comes? Shall
they, and none others, hang up the stockings,
and pray for remembrance, telling Santa Claus
what they want?
Is there no Kriss Kringle for us older folks,
no bringer of gifts who shall remember us, and
fit’his gift to our needs?
Go to! children, —you shall have all that
you want. Not an empty stocking should
hang pitifully on any hearth, if we could have
our way. If we could take each needy one of
you into our arms and hearts, and make you
happy, we would do it, —God knows we would.
But we older folk want Santa Claus to bring
us something, too. Christmas comes but once
a year, you know, —and here is our prayer to
the bringer of gifts:
Bring us tender recollections of all whom