MYSTIFYING STATISTICS.
The New York Times recently published
the federal revenue reports showing the
steady increase in the quantity of malt
liquors, wines and distiled spirits manu
factured and consumed in the country be
tween 1884 and 1907. The New York Times
admits the unsatisfactory nature of its effort
to clearly analyze the figures, and other
newspapers, among them the Charlotte, N.
C., Observer, find them equally mysterious
and puzzling. The per capita consumption
of the beverages combined was 22.27 gallons
in 1906 as compared to 12.60 in 1884. “Can
it be,” asks the New York Times, “that 40
per cent, of the people of the United States,
residing in ‘dry’ areas are abstinent, and that
the inhabitants of ‘wet’ areas have more
than doubled their consumption of intoxi
cants'?” The question remains unanswered,
but a common sense view of it would be
that the “drys” are consuming their wonted
“per capita,” since the “wets” have been
consuming ;11 along about their capacity. As
an evidence that this must be true, the Char
lotte Observer comes in with the statement
of facts from the report of the collector of
internal revenue for the Western district of
North Carolina: “The figures show a large
increase in the amount of tax paid on spirits
produced in this district, notwithstanding
that we are a prohibition people and not only
so but the whole south, which would other
wise be supposed to be the market for this
liquor if it were shipped, is practically pro
hibition territory. Mind you, this is taking
account of the tax-paid spirits, the moonshine
product being omitted from the calculation.
Mr. Solomon said there were three strange
things: the way of a ship in the sea, the way
of the eagle on a rock, and the way of a man
with a maid. But there is nothing so strange,
or ever was, as the increasing spread of
prohibition and the corresponding increase
in the manufacture and sale of whisky.”
Some light may further be thrown on the
subject by a comparison of the police records
in what are called “wet” towns with the
prohibition communities of Maine, Kansas and
New England states.
Possibly if the prohibitionists can prevail
upon congress to pass laws prohibiting the
issuance of federal licenses in “dry” terri
tory, forbidding the interstate traffic in all
sorts of intoxicants —including somem of the
patent medicines —prohibition might prohibit,
excepting always those sections adjacent to
and served by the enterprising and always
active and alert moonshiners.
•—Chattanooga Times.
IT WOULD BE A VAST IMPROVEMENT
OVER PRESENT METHODS.
Augusta, Ga., December 12, 1907.
The Hon. The Comptroller of Currency,
Washington, D. C.
Sir: I have the honor to submit for your
kind consideration a suggestion for an in
crease of currency. If it meets with your
approval I trust you may see fit to transmit
it to Secretary of the Treasury.
That a recommendation be made to Con
gress that any state in the Union may, upon
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
depositing with the Treasurer of the United
States Bonds of that state secured by first
lien on 50 per cent of its fixed (all except
personal) property as determined by its
current Tax Digest, issue National State
notes to the amount of bonds so deposited,
such issue being subject to rules and regu
lations governing National Bank Notes as to
redemption, issue, form, etc.
The bonds referred to being non interest
bearing, and payable to the United States in
Gold Coin.
Such States as may avail themselves of
this privilege may make laws governing the
deposit of these funds in its Banking insti
tution at a suitable rate of interest, to estab
lish a sinking fund for the retirement of its
Bonds at maturity.
I believe that with this establishment of
a large quantity of circulation obtainable by
our responsible business men for legitimate
business purposes, and absolutely secured by
first liens on the enterprises and homes of
our country, would give an impetus to our
domestic prosperity, and consequently would
largely increase our trade balances.
Such currency would, it seems, be sufficient
ly elastic to meet all requirements of all
sections.
Very respectfully,
P. B. NEWMAN.
(Copy) Respectfully referred to Hon. Thos.
E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT AND THE
PANIC.
President Roosevelt is reported to have
spoken of the October panic recently in these
words:
I don’t care what governors and judges
say, this panic had to come sooner or later.
If I had been instrumental in bringing it
about sooner than it would have come natur
ally, it is all the better.
The panic showed the necessity for a
general house cleaning in financial circles,
and the sooner house cleaning is started the*
sooner it is over with.
This may be a natural view of the situation
for a man to take who is receiving a big
salary, but it is not the viewpoint that men
driven out of employment will take when they
go to the polls next November. The bread
winner whose plant has been closed by the
Roosevelt house cleaning will desire futher
particulars. He will find flaws in the house
cleaning scheme, and the questions he will
ask will involve the republican party and its
sacred tefciff scheme. The alleged party of
prosperity and its pet tariff will be on trial
for overdoing the house cleaning act, and
while Mr. Roosevelt may escape unharmed,
the party in power will not, and its tariff
scheme will be tagged for early and thorough
revision.
Mr. Roosevelt’s,, airy and cheerful ex
planation of the panic is that of a man in
a bombproof, bu|siis party and its tariff are
in nowise bombproof. They are out in the
open where millions of voters can get at them,
and what they think about the house clean
ing will be put in the ballot boxes in
November.—Age-Herald.
ON THE OTHER FOOT.
There is a humorous side, also, to the recent
financial panic, and to the agitation that
it bred.
For instance:
A number of years ago there was a states
man named Peffer, Peffer of Kansas, who
was remarkable, among other things, for
having long whiskers and for being proud to
be called a Populist.
He had a theory that it would be a very
proper thing for the government to protect
the farmer from the necessity of dumping
his crops upon a weak and over-fed market.
His idea was that there should be government
warehouses in which the farmer could store
his grain, and then the government was to
loan the farmer money on the stored grain.
This would enable the honest toiler of the
field to hold his produce for better market,
while he lived on the money borrowed from
the government at a low rate of interest.
Everybody laughed. That was a crazy
Populistic idea. But the other day, when
the crisis in New York was at its height, the
secretary of the treasury sat in the sub
treasury building in Wall street and loaned
government money on the bankers’ securities,
in order that the bankers should not be eom
pelled to dump these securities on a feeble
and falling market at a great sacrifice.
It was all right, too, and it saved the day.
It is not even open to criticism.
But really, is there any very wide difference
between this very proper and beneficial
scheme and that of Peffer, except that
Peffer’s scheme helped the farmers and thia
one saved the bankers!
Again, in the old Populistic days the farm
ers and cranks of the West said that there
wasn’t money enough, and they wanted it
fixed so there would be enough. They wanted
the government to issue greenbacks and to
coin silver freely at the “immortal ratio.’*
They said that business would be better and
prices higher if there was more money.
And everybody laughed again; that is,
nearly everybody. “Another crazy Populist
notion,’’they said, laughing so hard they
nearly choked.
But now here is Wall street saying there
isn’t enough money to do business on. The
increased gold production has helped a lot,
they admit; it has made prices higher and
stimulated business, but business grew faster
they could dig out the gold, and now it has
had to stop for lack of money. So they want
congress to fix up some scheme to make the
currency more “elastic,” such as letting
national banks issue emergency currency to
meet extraordinary demands, and congress
will very likely do it.
It’s probably all right, too; only it is diffi
cult to see just the difference between this
reasoning and that of the Populists, though
perhaps the Populists were a little more reck
less in their choice of “fiat money” than the
bankers are.
It seems to make a good deal of difference,
somehow, whose ox is gored.—Duluth Herald.
PAGE SEVEN