Bryanite Methods and Tariff 'Reforms.
What a delightful thing it is to see Bryan
and Taft squaring for a fight over “Tariff re
form I It reminds us of the good old humbug
era of Grover Cleveland.
Did we not see the Democratic party ride
into power on the wave of tariff reform, and
did we not see a Democratic Congress in
crease the price of farm necessaries by putting
a higher rate of duty upon such articles as
trace-chains? Did we not see it increase the
cost of common clothing? Did it not give the
Sugar Trust a schedule which enabled that
Democratic pet to tax the people to the extent
of $50,000,000 per year by advancing the price
of sugar?
Did-not Cleveland's Secretary of the Treas
ury, John G. Carlisle, take the obedient pen
in his own hand and write the sugar schedule
just as Havemeyer dictated it? And was not
this betrayal of the people the favor exacted by
the Trust in return for its contribution of $500,-
000 to the Democratic campaign fund ?
Os course it was. The whole country rang
with the scandal, but the Democratic party did
not care. Ihe patriots had got what they want
ed, and the fact that they had broken faith
with the people did not disturb them in the
least.
Bryan was a member of the Democratic
Congress which committed the crime of re
paying the Sugar Trust for a half-million con
tribution to the slush fund by giving it the
power to tax the country fifty millions per
year.
. .Was his eloquent voice heard in protest
against the crime?
NO.
How, then, can Bryan have the cheek to
prate about "tariff reform'’?
Is he going to lower the copper schedules
and lessen the huge profits of his financial
backer, W. A. Clark, of Montana?
Hardly, since he has put Clark on his finance
committee.
Ts he going to lessen the duties upon ship
building materials and thus reduce the yearly
graft of his friend and backer, Lewis Nixon,
the Ship Trust magnate? Hardly, since he
has put Lewis on the Bryan committee.
Is he going to undo that infamous series of
laws which Democrats and Republicans united
to pass in favor of the Democratic Tobacco
Trust—which laws forced the tobacco growers
into revolt and Night Riding?
Hardly, since the Tobacco Trust is repre
sented on the Bryan committee by Moses Wet
more—millionaire beneficiary of the Tobacco
Trust.
What, then, does Bryan mean by “tariff re
form?”
Nothing. He wants the coon and he will
say anything and everything to get it.
In Ohio he is leagued with the whiskey deal
ers. In Indiana he has made his deal with the
Brewers’ Combine. In New York he has sur
rendered to Tammany, well knowing that
Tammany stands for corruption in politics, for
Wall Street methods, for Ryan-Belmont ras
calities. He bids for the Protestant vote by
butting in at religious meetings with his lec
ture on Christ, and he caters to the Catholic
vote by having his Denver Convention opened
with prayer by a Catholic Bishop, and by ap
pointing Norman Mack, a Catholic, chairman
of his national executive committee.
In the South he claims 156 electoral votes
upon the idea that he is a true representative
of Southern sentiment, while in the Middle
West, as well as in the South, he makes no
protest while negro leaders like Bishop Henry
Turner, circulate letters in which it is stated
that negro leaders have been “in communica
tion with Bryan for weeks,” and that he has
made them satisfactory pledges.
The most astounding thing about the cam
paign is that Southern Democratic editors and
politicians do not realize what Aryan’s nigger-
the jeffersonian
• • 'T'S?--.
izing of the Democratic means to the South.
Since the ffays of Charles Sumner and Thad
Stevens, no stab at Southern interests has been
more deadly.
What will it mean if Bryan is elected by the
negro vote?
What does it mean to Georgia when such a
virulent hater of the whites as the negro “Bish
op” Henry Turner champions the election of
Bryan ?
These negro leaders are expecting to get
something out of the election of Bryan.
WHAT IS IT?
They say in their speeches and circulars that
he has made certain promises. BRYAN PUTS
FORTH NO DENIAL.
Look well to it, Southern Democrats! Bryan
is niggerizing the party which for forty years
has ruled the South upon the idea that it was
the white man’s party.
M
A Pound of Cotton.
It was in the chair-car on the Central, not
far out from Griffin. “What’s this you have
here?" asked one drummer of another, as he
leaned over and fingered the ends of some cloth
done up in a parcel.
"They are bath-towels —big fellows; they
weigh a pound apiece.”
"Where did you get them?”
"Here at the Griffin mills. They make ’em
here.”
“What did you have to pay?”
The towel-owner side-stepped the question,
leaving upon the mind of the Jeffersonian the
impression that these towels were “compli
mentary.”
One of the drummers said—
" You can buy towels like that at 50 cents
each, by wholesale. Thev retail at a dollar.”
1 he other drummerTaughed and said, “Yes,
that’s so; and the mill pays eight cents for the
pound of cotton that goes into the towel.”
Whereupon the other added, ironically, “But
you must allow for the labor. It costs so
much to weave the pound of cloth into a
pound towel.”
They both enjoyed the joke —as who should
say, “it’s all right to fool the foxy farmer.”
Go it —you foxy old farmer! Keep on sell
ing your cotton at ten cents and buying it
back -at fifty cents or a dollar. You are able
to afford it, or you wouln’t do it. Some of
these days you are going to have more money
than you'll know what to do with —made by
the simple process of selling your cotton at a
low price and buying it back at a high one.
Selah.
H
Robert E. Lee’s Name Hissed By
Bryanites.
It was all right, of course, for Mr. Bryan to
court popularity with those millions who re
vere the memory of Abraham Lincoln by hav
ing his Denver Convention go out of its way
to pass a resolution in honor of the martyr.
BUT IT WAS A SHAMEFUL THING
FOR THIS NATIONAL CONVENTION
OF DEMOCRATS TO HISS THE NAME
OF ROBERT E. LEE.
Turn back to the July 10th issue of the At
lanta Constitution, and read how I. L. Straus,
of Maryland, was howled down. the sub
head line is,
“STRAUS WAS HISSED.”
How came the Bryanites to hiss Straus?
Because he endeavored to have the name
of Robert E. Lee mentioned with honor.
Turn to the “Life of Thomas H. Benton,”
by Theodore Roosevelt, and you will find that
he praises Lee as the greatest soldier that the
Anglo-Saxon race has produced. Greater than
Wellington, greater than Cromwell, greater
than Marlborough, greater than the great sol
diers who won at Agincourt and Poitiers. So
far as we know, the name of Lee has never
been mentioned disrespectfully in any North
ern book or speech > during the last twenty
years. We had supposed that all the non
seceding states honored the unblemished char
acter of Lee, just as the seceding states all
honor the memory of Lincoln.
But the Bryanites who insulted the Georgia
delegation by prancing around it and playing
"Marching Through Georgia’’ were quite cap
able of HISSING THE NAME OF ROBERT
E. LEE, AND THEY DID IT.
M
Holv The Hearst Plat form Would Work
We find the following item in the Washing
ton Post:
"Cora Hawkins, a young negress, was sen
tenced to two days in the workhouse yesterday
for impudence to Judge Mullowny in police
court. Cora was testifying in behalf of her
cousin, Dorothy Miles, who had been arrested
for disorderly conduct, and when she replied
to a question in a disrespectful way, Judge
Mullowny. cautioned her.
" Tse gwine answer yo’ as I choose, an’ yo’
can't sen’ me to no jail,’ the witness declared.
“ ‘Step down and go to the workhouse for
two days for contempt of court,’ the judge re
plied.
“This evidently was something Cora hadn’t
thought of. She made a dash for the door, but
was caught by Bailiff Hughes.
"Dorothy Miles was sentenced to the work
house for 'thirty days.”
The above incident shows how necessary it
is for every court, high or low to have the
power to maintain its dignity and authority.
Were the Hearst platform in operation, a
"sassy” negro wench like Cora Hawkins could
not be summarily squelched. She could give
the judge just as much impudence as she
pleased, and then demand a trial by jury. In a
police court a jury could not be empaneled
to try the sassy Coras, and they would have
to be bound over to some higher court, or
presented to some grand-jury. In the mean
while the judge who had been defied would
be reduced to an impotence which would bring
law itself into contempt.
r * *,
The National Banker Candidate.
The Bryan of 1896 and 1900 had some con
victions, and one of these was that Thomas
Jefferson and Andrew were right in antagon
izing national banks.
The Bryan of 1908 is just a monomaniacal’
seeker after office, and has no convictions. One
of his most astonishing flops is that which
makes him the supporter of national banks,
lie is clamorously demanding that the govern
ment strengthen and perpetuate the system by
guaranteeing national bank deposits. He even
goes to the extent of Opposing Postal Savings
banks.
Every one who has made a study of the
subject must know that Postal banks would
give a governmental guaranty to all their de
positors. would offer a safe and convenient
place of deposit to the people of the country
as well as the town, would relieve the country
from the dangers of concentrating the money
in the big cities, would to a great extent
weaken the power of Wall Street financiers,
would forever do away with the necessity of
bond issues, would give the people and the
government control over the available cash
of the nation, RENDERING IT IMPOS
SIBLE FOR THE NATIONAL BANKERS
TO PRECIPITATE SUCH PANICS AS
THOSE OF 1893 AND 1907.
Now, why on earth should Mr. Bryan op
pose Postal banks and favor National banks?
The historic position of the Democratic
party is, “uncompromising hostility to National
banks.”
Why has Mr. Bryan abandoned this posi
tion which he held in 1892, in 1896 and in
1900?
Because he wants the help of the Wall Street
element of his party. He has out-Parkered
Parker, in'his servility to the money-kings.
PAGE NINE