The Ad Man's Galley
By fames Lanier,
The man who succeeds must fill his
job so full that he bulges out a little
at the top, where people can see him.
A successful publication must do the
same thing. It’s the old fable of the
Irishman and the goose over again.
Let every man whom he meets along
the street tell Jim Smith that he is
looking well this morning, and it
won’t be long before Jim knows be
yond peradventure that he is looking
well, even if he is then the owner of
half the aches and pains in the world.
Now the tongue of a publication is
its subscribers. Suppose The Jeffer
sonian had a hundred thousand sub
scribers who told every man they met
that The Jeffersonian was the best
paper ever published? Suppose they
kept this up, week after week, until
they had told the glad news to a mil
lion or two? How long would it be
before The Jeffersonian had a million
readers? Not long.
Apply this to yourself. You are one
of our hundred thousand readers. Go
out and tell the people about The Jef
fersonians. We can’t tell them. We
can’t post our advertisements on every
road in the country. But you can.
Never thought of that before, did
you ? Hundreds of letters come to
us each month from people who are
anxious to help, so they say, but they
have no money and no time. You
don’t want any money or time. Use
the other fellow’s time and get HIS
money.
Holler at the folks across the road:
“Say! Have you read The Jeffer
sonian this morning? No? Well,
come and read mine; it’s the greatest
paper in the United States.”
When you go into town put a Jef
fersonian in your pocket (we will
send you samples), and ask the people
if they read the “Spinners’ Profit”
in the last number, or any other of
the editorials that struck your fancy.
Ask them, “Did you read the Vine
and Fig Tree Department, and did
you read the Ad Man’s Galley? If
not, why not?”
You believe in The Jeffersonians,
or you would not be subscribing to
them. You believe they are good,
and you are guilty of selfishness if
you keep a good thing to yourself.
Give your neighbors a chance to
spend a dollar.
By the way, did you ever hear of a
key number? Do you know what it
is? A key number is a special ad
dress put on an advertisement for the
benefit of you, the advertiser and the
publication. Advertisers like to
know which publications are doing
the most good for them, and good
publications, like The Jeffersonians,
want to have the advertisers aware
of this.
You can help the advertiser and
the publication by always answering
advertisements, when you do answer
them, exactly according to the ad
dress given.
There are many ways of putting
key numbers on advertisements. You
can use some special street number,
by having an understanding with the
post office, or you can use depart
ments, or a coupon. It is to your in
terest, no less than to that of the ad
vertiser and the publication, to use
the address given in the advertise
ment. You thus help to get justice
done all around.
It is fair to suppose that all the
readers of The Jeffersonians are in
terested in political questions, and it
is not unreasonable to think that
when a man who is interested in pol
itics is offered two large and valua
ble works on polities and economics
for doing nothing but talk to his
friends, he would jump at the propo
sition. If that reasoning is correct,
we should have sold at least twenty
thousand copies of Mr. Watson’s
“Handbook of Politics,”' and his
“Life and Speeches,” both of which
are offered as a premium for five new
subscribers to either Jeffersonian.
With the help that we give you, it is
easy to get five new subscribers in
any community*, and whenever yon
send us the five dollars we will send
you the two books.
Another little book, which has been
sold all over the United States, is
given for sending in the name of one
new subscriber —not your own, of
course. That is the “Sketches from
Roman History,” and if you wish to
fully understand Mr. Watson’s fa
mous speech of acceptance you should
read it. The book shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in an
cient times. It tells you about the
heroic land reformers of Rome, the
gladiator who led the great slave re
volt, the brilliant and despotic leader
of the aristocrats, the greatest of
Roman legislators and reformers, and
the most dramatic love storv of an
cient times. Can’t you send us in
one subscription?
Now that the subscription price of
The" Jeffersonian Magazine has been
reduced to one dollar a year, just at
the very time when other magazines
are raising their prices, it is an easy
matter for our agents to secure sub
scriptions; and we would suggest that
all our friends should go to work
and try earnestly to raise the circula
tion of The Jeffersonians. The dis
tribution of a few extra copies of
the Weekly or the Magazine in your
community may spell just the differ
ence between victory and defeat in
1912. Don’t wait, as too many of
you did, until a few days before elec
tion, to put in your licks. Sow the
.seed now, and in 1912 you will reap
the harvest.
How many of our subscribers in
Georgia have relatives and friends in
other states —in the North, in the
great West? Send them a copy of
the paper or the magazine. GIVE
THEM A YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION
AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT. Let
us have their names and addresses;
we will send them sample copies. And
our friends in Mississippi, Florida,
Tennessee, Texas, everywhere—do the
same thing. Your work of getting
subscriptions need not be confined to
your own neighborhood. Push it
abroad. Wherever you have a friend,
write to him, and don’t delay. Don’t
wait until September or October,
1912. You may be dead by that
time —dead as Bryan. DO IT NOW.
It takes two to make a quarrel, but
one peacemaker can start a riot.
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap. -
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
Invest Your Savings
If you have Ten Dollars,
Don’t let it lie idle.
Invest it in a Jeffersonian Bond,
Where it will draw Seven per cent.
Put some money aside for the kids,
Or a little for a rainy day.
These bonds are absolutely safe,
And they pay a high rate of interest.
♦ There is no better investment
In the country to-day
Than a Jeffersonian Bond.
WRITE FOR PARTICULARS
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
~ LET ME HELP YOU I
My Mission is to make sick women well, and I want to send you, your daughter, your /xJo
■ sister, your mother, or sny ailing friend a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs abso- V 'XSF
lutely free. It is a remedy that cures Woman's ailments, and I want to tell you all 1 «
about It — just how to cure yourself right at home without the aid of a doctor —and the \
best of it is that it will not in the least interfere with your work or occupation. Balm of
■ Figs is just the remedy to make sick women well and weak women strong, and I can prove Eiv'SwfeaiM
it Jet me prove it to you I will gladly do it, for I have never heard of anything that
does so quickly and surely cure woman’s ailments. No internal dosing necessary it isa
■ local treatment, yet it has to its credit some of the most extraordinary cures on record. |
Therefore, I want to place it in the hands of every woman suffering with
any form of Leucorrhea. Painful Periods, Ulceration, Inflammation,
Displacement or Falling of the Womb. Ovarian or Uterine Tumors or >3jgagSjj|ijaa < f ' ■
B Growths, or any of the weaknesses so common to women. ' jsajSfflnnMr
This fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs
will not cost you one cent
I will send it to you absolutely free, to prove to you its splendid quali- Si / .
B ties, and then if you wish to continue further, it will cost you only a few z /.. W //*
cents a week. Ido not believe there is another remedy equal to OEtSflgSV'
B Balm of Figs and lam willing to prove my faith by sending out \ jgj
these fifty-cent boxes free. So, my reader, irrespective of your
past experience, write to me at once —today — and I will send r-"- ’&!>
you the treatment entirely free by return mail, and if you so aHM £ I
desire, undoubtedly I can refer you to some one near you who can <¥ \.
B personally testify to the great and lasting cures that have resulted jgggflU Vi- .Xffißjgjjjgl M ''»■
B from the use of Balm of Figs. But after all, the Very best test TskSKmr. 1< H
of anything is a personal trial of it, and I know a fifty-cent box ■ ■*? J
of Balm of Figs will convince you of its merit. Nothing is so
B convincing as the actual test of the article itself. Will you give
Balm of Figs this test ? Write to me today, and remember I will fiS
gladly send you a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs for the asking. Address B
MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS, Box 356 D Joliet,
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics ... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)