PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
HEARST’S CIRCUMSTANCES.
One of Hearst’s string of papers, The Los
Angeles Examiner, has failed, commenting
upon which The Times, of that city,
“Hearst, by the way, is very hard pressJ|
[financially. He owes millions. He has
Raged everything mortgageable. The Harriman
Interests and associated financiers almost own
Rim, owing to the huge sums he has borrowed
flo keep afloat. He owes the Hoes $200,000 on
his presses.” This is to be doubted. Hearst
was left by his father, Senator George Hearst,
very rich, in money and mines, and these gold
mines are said to be yet enormously product
ive. It is a question among newspaper men
whether his papers —of which he has two in
New York, two in Chicago, and one each in
Boston and San Francisco —are very if at all
remunerative; not that each of them does
not enjoy a large circulation and advertising
patronage but that he spends fabulous sums
upon them, conducting them in the most
extravagant manner. If, however, they do
not earn a clear dollar it is yet difficult to
believe that he is embarrassed in his finances,
for independently of them he is very wealthy.
—Charlotte Daily Observer.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN NOMINATED BY
THE DEMOCRATS.
Copyright 1908, by American-Journal-Ex
aminer.
“For the third time William J. Bryan has
been nominated by the Democratic party —or
rather by that fragment of former efficiency
which is called the Democratic party. We
have lost confidence in the Democratic party,
as millions of other Democrats have done. We
cannot see in this nomination any hope.
Wo are bound to add, with regret, that we
have lost confidence also in William J. Bryan,
who by well-manipulated boss-ship has com
pelled this nomination.
It is a fact that the people of the country
have absolutely nothing to say in regard to
the nomination or the platform of either of
the two leading parties. The platform of the
Republican party is a compromise between
Roosevelt and the trusts, from which campaign
funds must be obtained. The platform by the
Democratic party is nothing but a compro
mise between the absolute will of Bryan and
that willingness on Bryan’s part to dicker
with his own principles recently made known
to the public.
No reliance can be placed on the Dem
ocratic platform or on Bryan’s declarations.
The Democratic platform declares for one set
of principles at one election and for an
entirely different set at the next election, while
Bryan is apparently without permanent prin
ciple or sincere conviction, or even honest atti
tude.
A note is a promise to pay. It is valuable
according to who makes it and who endorses
it. A platform is a.promise to perform; and
a platform made by the Democratic party
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and endorsed by Mr. Bryan is not worth the
paper it is written on.
The Democratic party has become a
what its inferior leaders
Hne expression of public opinion.
Wpinely tlie corporal ion instinct
of a Parker, and it is ready at
the next moment to reflect the half-baked,
ill-matured opinions of some imaginary
radical. ,
The people would accept today, as they have
accepted in the past, the Republicanism of
Lincoln or the Democracy of Jefferson.
But the Republicanism of Taft, with its
shifting, its compromises, its opportunism, is
not the Republicanism of Lincoln.
And the Democracy of Bryan and Taggart
and the others, with its changing principles,
its shifting platform, and its chameleon can
didates, is not the Democracy of Jefferson,
who wrote the Declaration of Independence,
who lived by his principles and stood by them.
The Democracy of Jefferson, the Repubican
ism of Lincoln, w’ould have represented the
needs of the Nation today, for the Democracy
of Jefferson and tire Republicanism of Lincoln
were identical in that they sought to serve
the real interests of the people.
But in this modern Republicanism, so-called,
and this modern, decayed Democracy is neither
the spirit of Lincoln nor of Jefferson. In
them there is no hope for the people, who
demand a representative party breathing the
spirit which animated Jefferson’s Democracy
and Lincoln’s Republicanism.”
TABOOING WOMAN’S WILES.
Over in Georgia they are in danger of
acquiring a reputation for undertaking more
than proverbial herculean tasks. Having
established a name in the produce market for
turning out melons and peaches, And having
attracted widespread attention and comment
for pulling off strenuous political campaigns,
Georgia seems to be trying to add to its list
of achievements that will keep it in the lime
light no small part of the time.
A Georgia legislator now steps to the front
with a proposition that will bring down upon
his head any amount .of criticism as being a
“mean old horrid thing,” and will thereby
put him in the spotlight. He wants to taboo
woman’s wiles by law. It is a hundred to
one that he will have about as much success
as if he were to try to move the Apalachian
chain by the oratorical process. But never
theless he purposes making a variety of
“extras’ during the courting period cause for
annuling the ensuing marriage. Here is a list
of the things he would abolish by law:
“Scents, paint, powder or perfumes, cosme
tic waters, artificial teeth, false hair, Spanish
wool or any other kind of wool, iron stays,
padding, hoops or high heel shoes, low cut
waists, lingerie lace, variegated stitches or
rainbow’ hosiery, or any other deceitful means
or artful practices.”
A Virginia contemporary asks: “Take
away these various devices and properties
from a. blooming maiden and what is left?”
Frequently not much, ’tis true, but the
Georgia solon may as well try to abolish by
law the bunch of roses, the box of candy, the
orchestra seats, the automobile spin, the spark
ling jewel and a dozen other routes men take
to a woman’s heart.
It i£ not only the pleasure of most women,
but the duty of all of them, to look as well as
they can, especially when they are willing to
be the recipients of those many little courtesies
which accompany serious intentions, and if
any of the accoutrements which it is proposed
to taboo by law will lend assistance to this
end the average woman is apt to be guided
accordingly, a fool law to the contrary not
withstanding. And what juryman could be
depended on to decide with accuracy whether
or not a woman be painted, powdered, putted,
and the like?
It is not publicly announced how many
times, if at all, the Georgia solon became the
victim of any of these feminine wiles or
devices, but we are reasonably certain he will
never live to witness the rigid execution of a
law that seeks to interfere with the various
means the fair and ingenious sex may employ
to bring the suitors to the point of popping
the question. That is an inalienable right of
woman, and she will continue to work it for
all it is worth, whenever she feels so disposed.
The Georgia solon, if suffering from bache
lorhood, may as well give up all hope after
having proposed such a law; for it’s hardly
probable that a woman in Georgia would
waste a smile on him now even though she
should have let slip all of hei; other chances
long ago. —Birmingham News.
WHAT THE ALDRICH-VREELAND CUR
RENCY BILL WILL DO.
Here are some of the things which the
Philadelphia North American, a republican
newspaper, says of the new currency law:
“This law will mean the turning over of
the treasury of the United States to the gamb
lers of the New York stock exchange for a
period of six years.
“It will mean the making of ‘good times’
anti ‘bad times,’ of ‘bull’ markets and ‘bear’
markets according to the pleasure of Rogers
and Rockefeller in the National City Bank
and J. P. Morgan in the National Bank of
Commerce.
“It will mean not the slow and certain
movement of construction and inflation by the
national law of commerce, but sharp changes
forced at will by the master gamblers.
“It will mean the gift to the chief enemies
of the nation of the power to issue or retire
half a billion dollars, exciting speculation or
compelling disaster according to whichever
best suits their betting books.
“What the effect will be upon the coming
election we do not know. We do not know
what measure of punishment a longsuffering
people will inflict upon their betrayers.”—
National Co-Operator and Farm Journal,
Fort Worth, Texas.