PAGE FOURTEEN
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KTiUL * ■nil 1 In ' in *' TiriiArfi hl ra
| Full College Courses or and faf/1
9 with Music, Painting Information address I
I and Elocution. 67th Set- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
9. non Begins Sept. 8, *O9 or Wm. S. Cox, Mgr.
w-, : -«*»■• --fy \
T j A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls.
4}(, 11 SI 1T 8 |IV Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
x'*»uv V-P * V ▼ V/ Home Life an attractive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
-w- "w T m rnrrmr rmT* Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses,
ill? Board $8 to sl4 per month -
111 Cl 111 UIIL A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
For catalog and further iuformation address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. Y M (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise poultry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City th® next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3% hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure co?d water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
i creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information flil out and mail this coupon.
j LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
;; Please send prospectus to —
Name
J
5 Address
bi
i The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
A School of Dentistry
Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State. t Leading School of the South
jV; WOili T7BATURES: Large New College Building, Com-
BfeSwssg H plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De-
itr*partment, HeavyOperatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
« piirWto tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
ulfSSao Demonstrators.
Write forsouvenir catalog and further particulars to
WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S., Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga. s
Jeffersonian
it was an account of her folks; but
now I know what it meant. Well,
she’s off safe, and I don’t mind tell
ing you, ma’am, I’m—mighty glad—
of it!” He looked squarely and
rather defiantly into the nurse’s face,
but she did not see him for the mist
of tears that dimmed her eyes.
“My heart is sore,” she murmur
ed brokenly; “I thought I loved the
baby best, but after all—she was the
mother!”
“And, being the mother,” said the
young doctor softly, “and very deso
late, she has taken her own and has
gone ‘as a bird to the mountains’!”
Some miles from town Lauretta
turned aside from the traveled road
into the woods, where she sat, with
her head back against a great pine,
and rested, panting with fatigue and
fear. At last the child awoke.. She
stared into Lauretta’s face with a
puzzled frown, as if trying to recall
a memory. “Mam, mam?” inquired
the baby. “Mammy’s lamb, mam
my’s baby!” cooed the mother, and
the baby graciously smiled, poking a
fat finger into the loving eyes above
her. Lauretta seized the little hand,
covering it with kisses; the baby
stretched her dimpled limbs and sat
up, pulling her mother’s face down
with investigating hands. “Honey,
if mammy warn’t ’fraid she’d skeer
her child she’d hug you, oh, so hard!
till the breath was most out’n yo’ lit
tle body! But mammy ain’t gwine
to skeer her honey babe, no she
ain’t. Now let mammy put its coat
on, and she’ll hunt sump’n to eat fer
baby.”
She spread her apron on the
ground and set the child upon it.
Then she unrolled the bundle, taking
out a package of crackers and a can
of condensed milk; a little bonnet
and a frock of checked gingham, be
longing to the baby in the old days.
Poor Lauretta knew little enough
about cutting and sewing, but for
tunately the garments, being much
too large when they were made, were
not too small for the baby now.
The baby dressed, she opened the
can of milk with a small knife, and
poured some into a tin cup. The
trickle of a tiny branch told of water
close by. Carrying the baby, she
soon found the stream and filled her
cup, then going back to her bundle,
she crumbled crackers in the milk,
stirring the mixture till it was soft
and pulpy, and fed the baby. The
little one thoroughly enjoyed her
breakfast, eating eagerly at first,
then, when hunger was appeased,
stopping occasionally to poke a fat
finger into the puzzling face, so
strange yet so familiar, or to say
“mam, mam?” with a note of inter
rogation, smiling at the rapturous
reply: “Mammy’s lamb, mammy’s
baby!”
All this was bliss to Lauretta’s
soul, but bliss mingled with fear.
She must get on; it was a long, long
way to the mountains —to the dear
cabin where her own mother would
welcome her, and help her to care
for the baby; the young brothersand
sisters would delight to tend her, and
in the sweet mountain air she would
never be sick again. Oh, the Lord
would surely be good to her and let
her get home!
Poor Jethro, lying in his grave be
neath the pines, was but a memory.
Lauretta’s love and heart and soul
belonged to the baby; her suffering
at its loss had been intense; her joy
at its recovery was so great that it
drowned all recollection of trouble.
But she must be wary, for even
now the nurse would be searching
for the baby. Lauretta ha*d a vague
idea that if she were found, peniten
tiary for life would perhaps be the
punishment for her crime. This poor
child of the mountains was very ig
norant. She could not even read or
write, and kidnapping her own baby
seemed to her a terrible crime, mer
iting a terrible punishment. If she
were found —but Lauretta deter
mined that she would not be found.
Far off in the mountains —so high
and so lonely—even the powerful
Miss Lathrop could not find her.
Hope bearing up her tired feet,
the child in her arms, the bundle on
her back, she trudged on her way.
The baby and mother held sweet con
verse, with broken words and bab
blings and gurgles of happy laughter.
At iast the baby grew sleepy, her
head bobbed unsteadily on the little
neck; she nestled against her moth
er’s shoulder and slept.
The road was lonely, and Lauretta
met no travellers. At noon she rest
ed close to a branch where she could
get water, and fed the baby, eating
a little of the bread and milk her
self, for she began to feel faint from
hunger. She passed cabins, where
tow-headed children came out to
stare at her, and the inevitable yel
low dog in the yard lifted his head
from the dust to bark a dreary de
fiance; but she stopped at none of
these, till advancing night compelled
her to think of the baby. At dusk
she came to a cabin, set far back
from the road. The light from its
open door showed a woman busily
preparing her evening meal. Lau
retta went up to the gate of this
dwelling, and after the “cracker”
fashion, instead of entering, called
“Hello!” in rather a shaky voice.
A boy of fifteen came out and po
litely invited her to enter. The wo
man, who had a pleasant face, was
the only other occupant of the room.
She was placing supper on the table.
At sight of the coffee, hot biscuits
and fried bacon Lauretta grew bold
with hunger. “I’m a-travelin’,” she
informed the woman. “My man died
in the turpentine camps, and me and
the baby air gwine back to the moun
tains. I’d be glad to stay all night,
if it won’t put ye out any.”
“You’re welcome,” replied the wo
man of the house simply. “I see the
baby’s ’sleep; lay it on my bed, and
set up and eat a bite.” This Lau
retta did with alacrity, devouring the
hot food with such eagerness that
her polite entertainers exchanged
glances of mild wonder.
After supper the boy brought forth
his books and began to study. He
was her only child, his mother said,
and, the teacher told her, head and
shoulders above the other boys of his
age at school.
“You kin read and write?” queried
Lauretta, with awe; “then maybe
you mought tell me how to find the
nighest way to the mountains?”
“What mountains?” said the boy;
“they’s such a heap of ’em—the
Himalayas and the Rocky Mountains,
and the Alps and the Andes, and
Mount Everest, and the highest