PAGE TWELVE
THE ECCENTRICITY OF HUMAN
NATURE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
How many checks for $200,000 did Hon.
Papa, at Rome, send to starving Ireland, when
her evicted peasants were dying like flies?
Why does the Steel Trust send $25,000 to
the starving of a foreign land, and give only
SI,OOO to the starving in America?
How is it that Congress, the President, the
Skibo man, and the Oil tank man, and the edi
tors can work themselves up to such a pitch
over Italians, perishing in Italy, and care so
little for Italians and all other races whose
frightful condition crops out in the news items
of every daily paper?
Poor human nature 1 It is divine to go to the
instant relief of stricken Sicily: and if the
same charity which sends such offerings abroad
would only apply itself intelligently, here at
home, the multi-millionaire would vanish, the
army of unemployed disappear, the bread-line
would become an ugly recollection, and ever}'
man, who is willing to pay nature’s price,
would eat HIS OWN daily bread.
•S H H
Tfr. Taft and the Solid South.
Apparently oblivious of the fact that the
Presidency of the United States has sometimes
stumbled upon men of the calibre of William
Henry Harrison, Zachary Taylor, Franklin
Pierce, James Buchanan, James K. Polk and
Rutherford B. Hayes, our genial and capable
President-elect, Mr. Taft, has given evidence
of an inclination to the belief that Special
Providence has had an eye on him, lo! these
many years, with a view to managing his 1908
campaign, and steering him miraculously into
the White House. We trust that the native
good sense of Mr. Taft will assert itself, after
awhile and that he will come to a wholesome
recognition of the fact that his nomination was
brought about in a purely human and prosaic
manner. —as Brother Charles’ died-: stubs and
Mr. Hitchcock’s card index would demon
strate, —and that bis election did not necessari
ly distract attention from work going on in
other worlds.
1 he fact of the business is, that Bryan has
been whipped so often and in so many ways
that the Democratic party has got accustomed
to it, expects nothing else, and lays down to
the Republicans every time a new campaign
opens,—pretty much as those chickens did for
the man who had moved from one place to
another so frequently that they knew, to a
minute, when to whirl over on their backs and
hold up their legs to be tied.
A op. hat Tom Reed used to call “the
sprawl,” has all gone out of the dear old D. P,;
and Bryan has so little of the appreciation of
the ridiculous in him, that he doesn’t suspect
that everybody laughs at him when he assumes
the martyr attitude and talks about being will
ing lead his party to another Waterloo, if
they insist upon it. To make it certain that
a fourth beating shall be ahead of the dear old
D. P.. the faithful Bryan has already opened
his campaign for a fourth nomination!
No wonder the dear old Democratic Party
has the mullygrubs. No wonder the dear old
exasperated thing is tearing out its hair and
disarranging the furniture. No wonder its
editors color their columns with Jeremiads,
doleful reminiscences, sombre predictions and
advice which isn’t worth hellsroom.
Now, Mr. Taft is a shrewd politician and he
knows human nature. He is aware of the
dispiriting fact that no partisan and selfish or
ganization can be kept up, without an occa
sional access’ to the pie counter. He knows,
as everybody else does, that the Democratic
party of today stands for no principles, no defi
nite policy, up high and holy purpose, but is
Jeffersonian
merely a robust, growing and hunger-whetted
appetite for pie.
Therefore, Mr. Taft is calculating. He
wants to see two political parties, made up
mainly of white men, in the Southern States.
Well, we want the Solid South broken up,
too, but we don’t want it done that way. We
will do our level best to keep the South from
becoming Republican.
No greater disaster could befall the entire .
country than the success of Mr. Taft’s plan.
In the first place, there is nothing to be gained
by swapping the devil for a witch. One of
these old parties is as bad as the other, when
we judge them from the standpoint of econom
ic principles. Both of them are committed to
Hamiltonianism, and neither stands for true
democratic doctrines. Between the present
Democratic platform and the present Repub
lican platform there is not the difference of
two schools of political teaching, as there
should be yvhen two political parties pretend to
oppose each other.
But this is not all. Mr. Taft is committed
to the policy of granting political equality to
the ’tiegro.
We admit that we once thought that this
concession could safely be made. Experience
has convinced us that it cannot be done with
out bringing social equality with it.
And rather than see Social Equality come,
WE WOULD PREFER TO TAKE A SOL
DIER’S PART IN ANOTHER CIVIL
WAR.
When we reflect that our class-legislation
has impoverished the masses, that the sons
and daughters of white folks who are poor are
driven to the necessity of applying to negro
office-holders for work, and that white girls
are thus made to rely for a support upon their
being able to please negro men, —DO YOU
NOT SEE THE DANGER? Marriage, or
something infinitely worse, would be the na
tural result.
That is one w r ay in which the thin edge of
the wedge would enter, but there are others.
If negro men and negro women are given po
litical equality and boosted into positions of
honor and emolument, inferior white men
would become “squaw-men” to the salaried
negresses, and inferior, poverty-stricken white
women would crave a seat in Hon. Afro-Amer
ican’s auto and a comfortable chair at his
warm hearth.
Think it out, Mr. Taft! Your plan of split
ting the Solid South means perdition to her,
and enormous injury to the republic.
Rather than break up the Solid South by
seeing it become the prey of the Republicans,
we would go back to the Democratic party,
to fight to the death THIS POLITICAL
EQUALITY WHICH WOULD OPEN THE
DOOR TO SOCIAL DEGRADATION,—for
in the Southern States, at least, the Demo
cratic party does stand for White Supremacy.
H
Why Mr. Watson Did It.
Ballground, Ga., Dec. 17, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I am nothing but an old Confed
erate soldier, but would be glad if you would
explain through the columns of your weekly
what you expected to gain in the way of re
form if Georgia would give you the electoral
vote, then if needed to elect W. J. Bryan Pres
ident, you would turn it over to him. I know
one thing, —that proposition cost you hundreds
of votes in Cherokee county. Please explain.
The boys up here are anxious to know, as well
as myself. Yours truly,
H. H. EDWARDS.
The proposition to which our friend Edwards
refers was simply one of Mr. Watson’s many
mistakes.
At the time it was made, there appeared to
be a general disposition throughout the state
to compliment the Georgia presidential candi
date with the. vote of his native state. The
Bryan deal with the liquor interests in Maine,
Ohio and Indiana was not then known. His
effort to make political capital out of the
Brownsville matter, and the appointment by
Mr. Roosevelt of an ex-Confederate soldier to
the headship of the U. S. War Department,
could not have been foreseen. Neither did Mr.
Watson, at that time, have proof that Mr. Bry
an had thrown away his vote, in the Demo
cratic caucus of 1891-—when voting behind
closed doors—and had explained his queer Con
duct to Alfred Henry Lewis by saying that he
did not care to face the old Union soldiers of
his Congressional district with the record of
having voted for an ex-Confederate soldier.
These things came out later. On July 9th,
1908, when the Watson proposition was pub
licly made, there seemed to be just a plain case
of pot and kettle, so far as the political color of
Bryan and Taft was concerned. Mr? Watson
stated that much, in effect, but declared that
on account of what he knew to be the senti
ment of a majority of the people of Georgia, he
would agree to turn over the electoral vote of
the state to Bryan, if it should be necessary to
make him President.
What would the reformers have gained by
the acceptance of the proposition?
A FAIR HEARING, —something which they
have never had in the South. f
Suppose Mr. Watson had succeeded in get-,
ting just that—a fair hearing—what would this
state have been by the time he finished it's
canvass?
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A CONVERT
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF POPULISM.
If the Watson proposition had been accept
ed, THE GUNS OF THE DEMOCRATIC
DAILIES WOULD HAVE BEEN SPIKED.
They could not have published lie after lie on
the Georgia candidate, as they did. Hoke
Smith could not have vented his vindictive
rage through the columns of the Atlanta Jour
nal, as he did. The outrageous attempt to
connect Mr. Watson with some alleged conver
sation between Bodenhamer, a Populist, and
Grier, a Republican, would never have been
made. The malicious and mendacious use of
the Pettigrew statement, by Mr. Bryan and
Hoke Smith, would not have been thought of.
Instead of this vilification and slanderous
crusade, Mr. Watson would have got a fair
trial before an impartial jury AND THE VER
DICT WOULD HAVE BEEN HIS.
The moral effect of having carried the Err 4-
pire State of the South would have been pro
digious. What did it matter if, according to
his agreement, Mr. Watson had turned Xhis
electoral vote over to Mr. Bryan? Nothing.
All sane men knew that the next President
was bound to be Bryan or Taft, and to tys Pops
these two men were political twins. /
Our whole case against the two qM parties
rests upon the fact that they are twins, two
wings of the same fierce bird of prey, two legs
upon which Privilege stalks, two horses hitched
to the chariot of plutocracy.
IF THIS IS NOT SO, THERE IS NO EX
CUSE FOR A THIRD PARTY.
Therefore, the Watson proposition could not’
possibly have done any damage, for the reason
that one of these old parties was certain to win
this time.
Had the Watson proposition been accepted,
Georgia would have gone for the Georgia can
didate, the Solid South would have been shat
tered, and the SOUTHERN STATES
WOULD, AT ONE BOUND, HAVE
SPRUNG INTO POLITICAL POWER.
Why? The North, West and East would
have instantly recognized the fact that the
South was no longer the insured asset of one
of the old parties, but was an independent fac
tor in politics which, like an unplighted lady
fair, must be WOOED to be WON.
That’s all.