PAGE TWELVE
The Poor Plutocrats
(Concluded from Page 9)
Mrs. Gould contended that she could not
keep the pace set by her associates for less
than $35,000 to $40,000 per year, for dress
goods alone. Apparently, she spoke the truth.
Iler dinner gowns cost her from S3OO to SSOO
each, and every other article of clothing had
to be in keeping with the gown. Once worn,
the gown had to be discarded, it being in bad
form to wear the same dress twice.
As the poor plutocrats have to make three
complete changes of attire, every day, you can
see that $40,000 soon melts.
®] IS @
Questionable Journalism
Mr. William Randolph Hearst is a million
aire who claims to be a champion of reform.
He wishes to make conditions better. Presu
mably, he cannot make conditions any better
if he makes the morals of our people worse.
There can certainly be no improvement in
store for the future of our country if the
minds of young men and young women are
filled with false ideals. To bring virtue into
contempt is not good for girls: to bring hon
esty into contempt is not good for boys.
For some weeks, now, in the daily paper
which our friend, John Temple Graves, was
engaged at a high salary to edit, there have
been appearing cartoons drawn by that inex
haustible genius, F. Opper, under the head
ing, “An Honest Man.” In every one of these
pictures there is a series of situations in which
ridicule and injury fall to the lot of the hon
est man. Because he tells the truth and acts
on the square, he comes to grief, is laughed at,
abused and punished by those who are less
truthful and less honest than himself.
Does our friend, John Temple Graves,
think that he is doing good service to his
country when he inoculates lessons of that
kind ? In the old copy-books, in which he and
I learned how to write, was the stereotyped
line, “Honesty is the best policy.” That was
not, perhaps, the best way to teach boys and
girls that they ought to do right. The man
and the woman of the higher type are honest,
not because it is good policy to be so, but be
cause it is good principle to be so. Men and
women are not supposed to be able to main
tain self-respect, unless they are truthful and
honest. They do right, not to win applause,
but to earn the approval of their own con
science.
Now, these cartoons which Mr. Hearst is
displaying in his daily papers, and which will
be copied from sea to sea, virtually tell the
young people that any man who sticks to the
truth and to common honesty is bound to get
the worst end of every transaction: is bound
to bring trouble upon himself and upon oth
ers: he naturally becomes the butt of ridicule
and the object of the contempt of the great
majority who, inferentially, are liars and
crooks.
This kind of journalism is exceedingly
questionable, and we beg, with earnestness
and respect, that our friend, John Temple
Graves, editor-in-chief of the paper which is
doing this kind of thing, will give the matter
his serious consideration.
However, it occurs to me that since Mr.
Hearst has become the ally of E. H. Harri
man and the defender of Pat Calhoun, he
himself has given some evidence of his belief
that truth and honesty are absurd back-num
bers.
Teach the boys to cheat and swindle and lie
and give bribes and they may become heroes
like Harriman and Calhoun and Rockefeller
and Havemeyer and—-(see Rogues’ Gallery,
and Wall Street list of Trust Directors).
IS IS IS
If You Steal a Pin
Some two years ago an employee of the
Sugar Trust of New York was giving a
night’s entertainment to friends and fellow
citizens, young and old. To sweeten things up
a bit, he scooped a pail full of sugar from
some pile or other that was lying around in
the building where he was at work. This was
very wrong, and the Sugar Trust immedi
ately asserted the moralities and the law by
swearing out a warrant against this pilferer,
hauling him to court and having him sent to
jail.
In other words, this employee stole a pin,
discovered it was a sin, and paid the penalty,
because he couldn’t help himself.
At the same time that the bosses of the Su
gar Trust were prosecuting this employee for
stealing a little bucketful of their stuff, they
were swindling Uncle Sam out of millions of
dollars by a system of false weights and false
accounts and false payments at the Custom
House. These stealages of the bosses mounted
up to nine millions of dollars. Caught in the
act, they compromised with Uncle Sam by
paying two millions of dollars. Up to this
time, not a single one of the bosses has been
put in jail; a few of the minor employees have
been indicted and DISCHARGED for
STEALING by the virtuous Trust! Though
their jobs depended on their doing the dirty
work for the Trust, as soon as they were
caught, the BIG THIEVES repudiated them.
The bosses of the Sugar Trust who stole nine
millions of dollars are men of eminent re
spectability, of the highest standing, and they
are received with honor wherever they go,
Monday and Sunday.
One of the places to which they went and
were received with honor was Washington
City during the extra session of Congress,
which is even now sitting. This thievish
Trust, which had been caught stealing nine
million dollars from Uncle Sam, had the har
dihood to go to him and demand the perpet
uation of the laws under which they have
built up an elaborate system which enables
them to plunder 90,000,000 of Uncle Sam’s
people in pretty much the same way that they
robbed Uncle Sam himself. When it comes
to very rich people, Uncle Sam is the most ac
commodating person on the habitable globe;
consequently the thieves who had so recently
been detected in stealing the nine million dol
lars, got everything they asked for; and the
Tariff Bill which will soon be on the Statute
Books is just about the kind of thing that the
Sugar Trust thieves want.
Moral:—lt is dangerous to steal a pin, or
any other small thing.
IS IS @3
Editorial Notes
BY J. D. WATSON.
“Senator Depew today came to the rescue
of the finance committee in the Senate in a
spirited speech,” says the New York Globe.
What stronger evidence do the people need
to convince them that the finance committee,
the committee that is fixing the present Tariff
schedules, is composed mostly of corporation
tools and robbers of the people?
Depew, old Tom Platt’s right hand part
ner, defending the finance committee of the
Senate!
Depew was put in the Senate by the New
York Central railroad crowd because he could
serve that corporation in the Senate better
than in the office he was then holding with
the New York Central.
He has done his duty by the crowd that put
him in, just as Aldrich, Penrose and others
have done.
As a hireling, he was made Senator, and as
a Senator, he has acted the hireling for the
corporation bosses.
*******
In his speech Senator Depew said:
“We have been told that the people of the
United States are hostile to this bill, and that
every Senator who supports it is rushing
headlong to destruction. If that be so this
'Seffcrsoniait
Senate is the most extraordinary suicide club
in the world.”
He pointed out that there had been fifty
Republican Senators supporting the commit
tee and nine opposing it—“ Nine only with
salvation free and fifty going to destruction!”
He dwelt on the great work the committee
had performed.
Discussing the tariff plank of the Chicago
platform, Senator Depew said:
“I believe if that plank had not been in the
platform Mr. Taft would not have lost a sin
gle electoral vote.”
Senator Aldrich, in a short speech, said the
committee would not be swerved from its duty
by the attacks upon it.
Indeed, this Senate is an extraordinary sui
cide club. So is this House of Representa
tives.
Both Senators and Representatives are not
only committing suicide, politically, but they
are saving the expense of the grave digger’s
work by digging their own political graves
before they commit suicide.
“Nine only with salvation free and fifty go
ing to destruction,” said Depew. And what
Depew intended for sarcasm is about the lit
eral truth.
The next election for Senators will convince
Depew that he told very near the truth with
out intending to.
And Depew is apt to be one of those who
will go to “destruction” and miss “salvation
free.”
If he had only told us how many Demo
cratic Senators are faithful to the Finance
Committee gang, headed by Aldrich, we could
come pretty near telling him how many Dem
ocrats will go to “destruction” and how many
will be “with salvation free.”
* * * * * * *
The Northwest is already awake as is evi
denced by its sending to the Senate such men
as LaFollette and Cummins.
Judging from the speech of Senator Owen,
of Oklahoma, the people of that section also
have a champion who is doing what he was
elected to do.
With a few Democrats, and nine fearless
Republicans,—Republicans who preferred to
stick to their honest convictions rather than
be driven by the crack of the Republican boss’
whip, things begin to look hopeful.
When these nine Republican Senators, and
the few Democratic Senators, return home
and begin to tell the people why they had to
stand together and obliterate party lines you
will see the people begin to take more interest
than they are taking now.
When the people are once waked up it is all
off with such men as Aldrich and his Demo
cratic allies.
The people will elect men who will be true
to them.
They won’t care whether his party name is
Republican, Democrat or Populist.
The Northwest already has its LaFollette
and Cummins, and it will not be six years be
fore the South will have its LaFollette and
Cummins in Congress.
*******
As has been told by the Jeffersonian time
and again, the South’s and West’s interests
are the same.
The East is antagonistic to both sections.
The East is the home of special privilege,—•
the Trusts, the tariff robbers.
As soon as the farmer of the South realizes
that his interests are the same as those of the
Western farmer the two sections will get to
gether.
Once the South and West unite, they will
get their due from Congress.
Then New England may elect two Aldrichs
from each State, but they will be about as
helpless when it comes to robbing the people
for the benefit of the Trusts as the majority
of our present representatives are when it
comes to keeping the Trusts from robbing the
people.