by diplomacy, I will get it by exclusion legis
lation.’ ”
Steel Mills Rushed—Work for Thousands.
Pittsburg, Pa., June 21. —Many of the
Pittsburg mills are undergoing a rapid trans
formation with hurried repairs and the blow’-
ing in of furnaces. This has been made nec
essary by a sudden demand for building ma
terial. With the demand there is a return to
work of an army of idle men. On the south
side the great plant of the Jones & Laughlin
Steel Company is getting into order on a large
scale. Three of the big Talbot furnaces have
been working for a week or more, and yester
day another was blown, and Tuesday still an
other will be started. These two latter will
mean an increase of 400 tons a day in the pro
duction of open-hearth steel for the finishing
mills. Another important feature is the re
quest for proposals for the erection of 300
dwellings at Monessen by the East Side Land
Company. The additions to the mills of the
Pittsburg Steel Company there, which repre
sent an outlay of $4,000,000, will be ready by
September 1, and this will bring 2,000 men.
Coke operators in the Connellsville field have
also been active, and during the coming week
from 1,500 to 2,000 ovens will be started, call
ing to work about 3,000 workmen. The Idle
wood mine of the Pittsburg Coal Company, at
Carnegie, ■will be started tomorrow with 200
men.
Guinea Cannibals Seize Whites.
News has been received of a serious state of
affairs in Portuguese Guinea. The natives ev-
> Hon. TTios. E. Watson J
L Will Speak at Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 9 J
1— j,
fMr. Watson will speak at St. Nicholas Skating Rink %
Ponce de Leon Park Y
ft k
J This Auditorium is the largest in the South and will accommodate at least 15,000 people m
r The Railroads Have Given Reduced Rates For This Meeting 9
ft Mr. Watson will make two speeches. The first one at 10 o’clock a. m., in which he will dis- W
■ cuss State Politics. At 8 o’clock at night he will be notified officially of his Nomination for V
A President by the National People’s Party, and he will deliver his speech of acceptance, which will I
& cover all the National issues of the day. m
■ This gathering will be one of the most notable of its kind ever held, and every lover of y
American freedom, who possibly can, should attend. fl
ft Inquire about the reduced rates from your railroad agent, or any information you may W
1 desire will be cheerfully given by the Campaign Committee, which is located at Rooms 108 110 •/
A Kimball House, Atlanta, Ga. f
1
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
erywhere are reported to be in revolt. Even
on the Island of Timor several interior posts
have been driven in, settlements have been de
stroyed and Europeans have been killed or
carried off into captivity. The Portuguese
troops have taken refuge at Bisseau, where
they are surrounded. A French warship has
arrived for the protection of French sub
jects.
The newspapers attribute the revolt to the
cruelties practiced by the troops while collect
ing the “hut” tax. It is their custom, fre
quently, to levy heavy sums, and if payment
is refused to flog the natives, burn the vil
lages and sometimes capture the wives and
children of rich chiefs and hold them for ran
som. A chief of the Coulage tribe started
the revolt by seizing a sergeant and seven
Portuguese troopers ,decapitating them and dis
playing their heads on poles.
Anxiety is felt for the Europeans captured,
as the natives are cannibals. After a recent
engagement the troops observed the natives
devouring one of their own dead like a pack
of wolves.
U. 8. to Man Farms.
Secretary Straus, of the Department of
Commerce and Labor, is taking a deep inter
est in the subject of the distribution of alien
and other labor to sections of the country
where it is most needed. An office for this
purpose has been established on Ellis Island,
and another in Boston, and T. V. Pow T derly,
who is chief of the service, is now in Chica
go, where a third will- be located. With a
view of obtaining information at first hand of
the needs for farm and other labor throughout
the country, the department is engaged in
sending postal cards to the patrons of the
rural free delivery service, asking as to wheth
er the farmer or other person receiving it is
in need of labor, and, if so, wffiat kind.
REMARKABLE PROHIBITION TEST
VOTE IN GERMAN MUNICIPALITY.
Hillsboro, Kansas, June 13. —(Special to the
Associated Prohibition Press.) —What an ad
vance the temperance movement has made in
Germany of late may be seen from the trial
vote on local option recently arranged for by
the German abstinence societies in the town
of Glauerbrueeke near the boundary line of
Holland.
Ballots had been distributed to all the in
habitants above 21 years of age, together -with
a circular setting forth the desirability of
obtaining an expression of popular opinion on
the liquor traffic.
The votes were then gathered and counted
by an impartial committee, and the following
remarkable result was found:
Only 50 persons in the town had refrained
from voting. Os the 1,316 legal votes cast,
667 had been cast by men and 640 by women.
The pussy-foot brand of polities doesn’t be
gin to be in it with the steam-roller variety.—
Washington Post.
"" " -9
At any rate, the button manufacturers’ sus
pense is now over for another four years.—
Washington Post.
PAGE FIVE