Longer Voyage for Fleet.
Plans for a world cruise by the American
battleship fleet now at Magdalena bay, Mexi
co, have been announced by the president to
his cabinet. The fleet is engaged in two
weeks’ target practice there, after which it
will proceed to San Francisco, reaching that
city May 5, to be feted and feasted for nine
days. Then, after a rest, the fleet on July 6
is to leave for “our possessions in the Pacific,
stopping at Hawaii and Samoa, and then go
ing byway of Australia to the Philippines
and returning through the Suez canal at Mel
bourne and Sydney, to accept the invitation
of Sir Alfred Deakin.
Fear Trouble in Brazil.
Serious trouble is feared in Bahia, Brazil,
because of the opposition in the legislature
to the governor just elected. The agitation
has been increased by the congratulations
sent to the governor by President Penna, as
the opposition in the legislature says these
congraulations amount to meddling in the in
ternal affairs of the state.
Japan Honors Slain Diplomat.
The Emperor has bestowed upon the late
Durham White Stevens, who was assassinat
ed in San Francisco by a Korean, Ihe decora
tion of the Grand Rising Sun, the highest or
der in Japan. The Japanese government will
give $75,000 to the family of the murdered
diplomat, and the Korean government will
give them $25,000.
I
China’s Hate of Japan Grows.
The boycott against the Japanese, arising
out of the trouble between Japan and China
over the Tatsu Marn incident, is spreading
rapidly. Mass meetings have been held with
the object of impressing upon the Chinese
the necessity of making the boycott of Japan
ese products and manufactures as far-reach
ing as possible.
Another Bad Mine Explosion.
To the long list of frightful mine disasters
another March 28, when seventy
men lost their lives in (wo explosions in a
mine owned by the Union Pacific at Cheyenne,
Wyo. Fifty of these were killed as they vol
unteered to go into the burning mine to try to
rescue some of their comrades.
Roosevelt to Visit Rio?
It is reported that President Roosevelt will
visit Brazil after the expiration of his term
of office.
NO VISIBLE SIGNALS.
“Yessum,” said Sandy Pikes as he de
voured the wedge of pumpkin pie, “I sternly
object to the nefarious practice of clipping
off de tails of dogs.”
“Ah, I am glad you are so tender-hearted,
my poor man,” sympathized the good house
wife.
“Well, it ain’t exactly dat, mum, but when
a dog hasn’t any tail I can’t tell by de wags
if he is in a good humor or not, and it makes
me skeery about approaching the house,”—
Chicago News.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
iia®|
• WSftsiZ
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JO URM A L’S ad vertisi ng col
umns will be to your advantage
g if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
I Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing el.e for sale. For rates
and information, address
' FARMERS HOME JOIjRNAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, K¥,
4 Valuable Books
"TWENTY YEARS IN A MATTRESS GRAVE.” Price
20c. This is the story of my life, and gives an amusing account
of my trials with fake doctors. It has caused hundreds to both
laugh and cry, and it has done them good, for it is written in a
optimistic vein that can not fail to cheer and uplift all who read
it. Orders for this book have come from every state in the
Union and seven foreign countries.
"IDEAS OF AN INVALID.” 30c. Is just what its title
implies, my ideas on religion. One chapter tells of my mother’s
peaceful death.
"HIS MYSTERIOUS WAY” is an illustrated story, which
has received many flattering notices by critics and famous
aiifnnFct Pi'ir’A
"PLAIN TALKS AND TALES” is my latest book, being a
collection of sketches and short stories. 40c.
THOS. F. LOCKHART, Wellington, Missouri
Full Sets Back Numbers
We can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, $1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
-<>r-■ —•••
HAYNIE COTTON CHOPPER
Don’t let the scarcity of labor bother you, buy the Haynie Cotton Chopper.
This machine solves the labor problem to the farmer’s tremendous
financial gain, for one boy can do the work of six expert hands,
and the implement pays for itself in three days’ time.
e* It works perfectly in any soil, straight or curved rows, level or hilly.
= I? 16 gear-controlled discs can be adjusted to any
S> «x> [•' distance; it chops clean, throws the grass and
*C ’dJ* weeds off the row; cultivates the ground, and the
c» 03 V7 /El ' — (@ *"* fender protects the plant. It runs steadily and is
cs 3B Mhrr, jML easily attached to sulky. Illustrated matter, testimonials.
e\\ J prices, etc., will be sent you bv return mail- Write us.
l~ COTTON CHOPPER CO. S»tf M
Z
wsmsZ XwSaw-zM
boy*
i- \\
20 COMIC POST CARDS, 10c.
Screamingly funny, right up to the minute.
Different than any you ever saw —two colors,
well printed cards —they’ll make you laugh
until your sides split. Sent prepaid, 20 for 10c.;
50 for 20c.; 100 for 35c.
Extra Special Offer.
Free Post Card Album. Cloth covers, print
ed in red and gold ink. We will give one of
these beautiful Albums together with 100 cards,
all for 50c. Please send money order, but if
you send stamps, send one-cent ones. The
above offers are the best ever, for good cards,
while you can not but be surprised and delight
ed with the Post Card ALBUM which is a
beauty. Address:
CLIFTON PUBLISHING CO.,
Dept. 37,
Waterville, Maine.
TOM WATSON MELON—72 POUNDS.
The best all-round melon grown in Georgia.
It has every good quality of the famous Georgia
Rattlesnake, and is superior to that variety in
that it is almost free from rotten ends. It is a
much better shipping melon, and it is a much
better keeper. It is superior to the KLECK
LEY MELON in that it grows much larger,
and has all of the sweetness of that variety.
I have been growing melons for the market
for the past twenty-five years, and have tried
all of the varieties known in Georgia, and have
no hesitancy in saying that the TOM WATSON
melon comes nearer meeting every requirement
than any variety I ever saw. I consider the
seed to be worth their weight in gold.
One-fourth pound $ .40
One-half pound 75
One pound 1.35
Five pounds 6.50
Express prepaid. Address:
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
The only authorized dealer in the seed under
the above name.
PAGE FIVE