PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Indians in Senate.
Senator Robt. L. Owen, of Oklahoma, and
Chas. Curtis, of Kansas, both Indians, hotly
clash in the senate. Cherokee and Kaw lock
horns in hot debate. The controversy arose in
connection with the consideration of the In
dian bill.
Night Riders Burn House.
Early on the morning of February 27, night
riders burned the home of Broussais Gregory.
Middlesboro, Ky.; troops hastened to the
scene, but the night riders had disappeared.
Forestry Bill Fought.
Hearings were begun on February 27 before
the house judiciary committee on the consti
tutionality of the proposed acquisition by the
government ‘‘ of lands more valuable for the
regulation of stream flow than for other pur
poses, and situated on the water sheds of navi
gable streams in the southern Appalachian
mountains within the states of Maryland, Vir
ginia, West Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Alabama, Kentucky and Tennessee,
and in the White mountains within the states
of New Hampshire and Maine.” Gifford Pin
chot, chief of the bureau of forestry of the
United States, and F. I. Osborne, of Charlotte,
N. C., were among 'those who spoke in sup
port of the constitutionality of the bills.
Morgan Visits London.
J. P. Morgan left on February 27 on the
steamer Adriatic to be the host of the Queen
of England.
THE PEOPLE REPRESENTED BY THE
UNITED STATES MONETARY LEAGUE.
Appeal to Congress Against Asset, Credit,
or Flexible Currency: The proposed currency
scheme as fathered by the National bank
trust, the Bankers’ Association, and sponsor
ed by President Roosevelt, contains within it
more elements of mischief, wrong, outrage and
dishonesty than is possible by any other con
gressional enactment. So far-reaching, so ter
ribly destructive of the best interests of the
people, so promotive of debauchery, robbery,
graft and Special Privileges, it seems impos
sible to conceive of a United States congress
enacting into a law such plain violations of
all decency and equity. This scheme has been
hatched by the so-called great financiers, but
most of them mere human leeches, vultures,
who, for the past forty-four years, have plied
their intellects and brains to study out ways
and means for more adroitly plundering the
innocent and unsuspecting, and the whole na
tion. To such men, whose business and habits
of life have been to gain wealth by their
wits, has been delegated the ‘‘honor” of
bringing forth a measure ostensibly for the
good of the country. Great Heavens! What
a thinly disguised scheme to, under the form
of law, further and more effectually rob the
productive industries of the people. And,
to more easily accomplish their vile purpose,
they make war upon the silver dollar and the
greenback. This good money pays no tribute
TftE JEFFERSONIAN.
to the pirates, it is the last vestige of the
people’s free money, which every man, woman
and child knows is good. This money they
would destroy, even though the people starve
by it. They want to force the people to use
their vicious substitute for money to gratify
their greed for gold. And the president of
the United States, supposed to hold his office
only to promote the general welfare, shows
himself to be the agent or attorney of the
bank trust in its effort to destroy all the
money of the people upon which the banks can
not impose interest, or control its use. (See
his message to congress.)
These elementary propositions and princi
ples of honest money are so simple in their
application that it is impossible to believe that
men of the intellectual capacity of public ser
vants, whether legislative or executive, do not
understand fully the intent and purpose of
these closely schemes —Asset currency and
destruction of silver and paper money;
and their ' course can be explained only
on the hypothesis that they are ready
to quiet their conscience, if any re
mains, by asserting tha t their concep
tion of duty leads them to walk in the paths
and by-ways commanded by the “Captains of
Industry,” the robbers of the producer; they
who grow fat upon the labor of women and
children, or by the creation of evidence of
debt through the machinery of the printing
press, the stock exchanges and a subservient,
facile congress, as well as by an administra
tion ready and anxious to do the bidding of
that unholy exponent of greed and avarice—
the National Bank Money Trust.
The Remedy or the Just Way: We hereby
voice the demand of the People for plain,
simple, equal, justice to all; that congress cre
ate Money as authorized by the Constitution
and validated by the Supreme Court, gold, sil
ver and greenbacks or treasury notes, every
dollar equal and a full legal tender for debt;
and that money so created shall be paid into
circulation for government obligations and
without the intervention of banks, leaving
banks to do business on their own money, in
the same manner as others do. Respectfully
submitted,
JOS. N. STEPHENS,
Nat’l Sec’y U. S. Monetary League,
634 17th St., Denver, Colo.
AGAINST EARLY PRIMARIES.
(Continued from Page One)
the action of the state committee, yet if they
knew the time which the state committee fixed
for the state primary, I believe a great ma
jority of them would save the people the trou
ble of two elections, and bring on their county
nominations at the same time.
LET THE PEOPLE RULE.
‘‘We cannot regard as too important our
state primaries. They must be made the free
opportunity for the full expression of the
wishes of the people. Good governments de
pend upon the expression of popular choice,
and can only be made permanent when politi-
cal manipulation gives way t the will of the
qualified voters. To reach higher ideals of
government we must begin at the ballot box.
We must invite every qualified voiter, free
from undue persuasion, free from the sus
picion of mercenary influence, moved alone
by a patriotic sense of duty, to express by his
vote his honest convictions of what is best
for his country, for his state and for his
nation. ’ ’
(Note: Well, that was only three months
ago, but the Executive Committee has met,
has called the primary for June 4, 1908, and
has therefore done just the opposite of what
the governor promised. Strangest of all, the
governor and his organ, the Atlanta Journal,
cordially approve the early primary which he
condemned in November).
JUDGE FITE’S ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the People of the Cherokee Circuit:
I am a candidate for re-election to the judge
ship of the Cherokee Circuit, subject to the
primary, June 4, 1908.
Knowing that my experience on the bench
the better qualifies me for the discharge of the
duties of the office, and believing that you
agree with me and desire my re-election, I re
spectfully submit my candidacy to you.
I desire to meet each of you in person be
fore the primary, but may not be able to
do so, as I will be busy holding court most
of the time from now until then; and I,
therefore, take this method of asking your
active support and influence, assuring you of
my appreciation and gratitude, and promising,
if you re-elect me, to serve you faithfully, im
partially and to the best of my ability, as I
have been and am now doing. Very truly
yours, A. W. FITE.
(Note: Ever since the Colquitt convention
of 1880, I have known Judge Fite. We served
together in the Georgia legislature and have
been friends for twenty-eight years. While
we parted company, politically, in 1891, he
never chimed in with those who vilified and
persecuted me. Never was he ashamed or
afraid to show that he was my personal
friend.
It has given me pleasure to watch his suc
cessful career. He has made a good judge,
just as he made good in the other positions
which he has held.
Judge A. W. Fite is-a man of decided abil
ity, and as a judge has been independent,
honest and impartial.
Into his candidacy for re-election he car
ries the best wishes of The Jeffersonian. —
T. E. W.)
For $1 1 will send the Prince Razor Hone in
a neat leatherette box, postpaid. Absolutely
the only hone on the market that is made for
private use. Anybody can hone a razor with
it as good as a barber can.
WILL L. PRINCE.
2174 Ontario St., Cleveland, 0.