always been, and will always be, a devoted
friend of those principles of government advo
cated by Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln, which,
to my knowledge, you have advocated without
hesitancy, ably and honestly, for the past 15
years. You were the first man I ever cast a
ballot for, and have been with you in every
fight since you have been in favor of popular
government. Wishing you much success with
your publications, and also a long life of use
fulness, I beg to remain,
Yours very truly,
R. W. KENNEDY.
MR. WATSON IS JUST AS EAGER AS THE
NAMESAKE IS.
Dear Sir: Find enclosed check for $12.50.
1 our labors for the masses are highly appre
ciated, and we only wish the masses had proper
appreciation for same, but let us hope that
the leaven is fast working, and the day not
far. distant. My son, bearing your name, is
anxious for the trip to the Rockies, when your
100,000 circulation is reached. With best
wishes.
W. H. A. J. DURRETT.
CORRECT.
Fayetteville, Tenn., Nov. 11, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find P. O. money order
for $2. This will renew my subscription for
both Weekly and magazine, as I understand
your advertisement on the back of the Novem
ber magazine.
Yours truly,
H. T. CHILDS.
Fremont, N. C., Nov. 12, 1907.
Dear Sir: lam in receipt of your sample copy
of Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine. I am
very much pleased with it. Enclosed please
find cashier’s check for $3, which will cover
two subscriptions for one years. You will
please enter the following names as subscrib
ers to your Jeffersonian Magazine for one
year; Dr. L. O. Hayes, Fremont, N. C.; J. T.
Hooks, Fremont, N. C. With best wishes, I
remain. Very respectfully,
J. T. HOOKS.
HE IS IN EARNEST.
Huntington, Ga., Nov. 11, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $5.25, for which you
will please renew the subscriptions of Geo.
W. Nunn, J. T. Price and myself, for another
year to your magazine, and will also add Al
bert Brady, Americus, Ga., R. F. D. 4, and J.
M. Taylor, Huntington, Ga. When you take
into consideration our very small population, I
think that a pretty good record for your val
uable magazine. I shall try hard to get others.
Wishing you continued success, I am,
Yours truly,
T. E. CASTLEBERRY.
LOVES TIBBLES, TOO—AS ALL WHO
KNOW HIM DO.
Holyoke, Colorado, Oct. 8, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $2, for which sent
the Weekly Jeffersonian and the Jeffersonian
Magazine—the two best periodicals in their
line I have ever read —for another year.
Unfortunately, I am not like Miss Simpson
sayg of her father, as I have no one to whom
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
I can say it, when reading, what I think of
Tom Watson, but continue reading and think
ing that the said T. E. W. is one of the most
fearless and outspoken writers, one of the
greatest exponents of the principles that, gov
erned Jefferson in his political career/ and
who, as a statesman, labored to upbuild a gov*
eminent in which all should be equal before
the law, that, in the eighty years of my life, 1
have ever read after. I think the two Toms—
Watson and Tibbles —have no equals in their
exposure of the frauds perpetrated upon th.
people by financial and official corruptionists,
by those in high places, placed there by the
votes of the masses as their servants, to work
in their interests, promising, in their grandilo
quent, high-swelling political orations, whai
they will do for the dear people, if elected, but
who, when elected, turn traitor, violate their
pledges and ignoring the interests of the mass
es, they sell themselves and bend the servile
knee to and do the bidding of their masters,
the favored classes who 11 toil not, neither do
they spin,” but absorb the wealth and sub
stance of the producing masses.
Pardon me for thus trespassing upon your
valuable time. I remain yours, awaiting the
time when crime in the name of the law shall
cease, and justice become supreme.
E. E. T. HAZEN.
P. S. —Since writing the above I have a sub
scription of $1.50 from Mr. S. S. Worley,
Holyoke, Colo., to whose address please send
Watson ’s Jeffersonian Magazine.—H.
— . ,
Danville, Va, Nov. 4, 1907.
Dear Sir: I feel that I must thank you for
the great pleasure I have derived from read
ing your “Napoleon,” which I have just com
pleted. It is the most graphic, impressive, in
teresting and instructive of the five lives ot
that great man that I ever read. While Napo
leon was not a good man in all respects, ac
cording to our standards, you clearly show that
his works benefited and uplifted mankind. It
makes the blood boil to read how he was
hounded to his death by the Allies, espe
cially England. The tragedy which overtook
him and his nation was only surpassed in pa
thos by that which overtook the South when
it was devastated, decimated and forced to re
enter a union from which it had withdrawn be
cause it proved detrimental to its happiness.
Have you had your “Life of Jackson” pub
lished in book form?
Yours truly,
F. F. BOWEN, “ex-Rebel.”
AN OHIO WATSON.
East Liverpool, Ohio, Dec. 10, 1907.
Dear Sir: Find enclosed $2 for my renewal
for The Weekly Jeffersonian and Watson’s
Magazine. Yours truly,
A. W. WATSON.
THINKS BRYAN WOBBLES A LITTLE.
Tyler, Tex., Dec. 10, 1907.
Dear Sir: Just yesterday I told a man I
would vote for Bryan, but would much rather
vote for you for president, as I believe you
to be the best and truest man to the people.
Bryant is not as firm a man in principle as
I like. The gentleman I was talking to said
that if you had stayed in the Democratic
party you could have had almost any office
you wanted. I told him that you knew it, just
as well as anybody else, but you chose rather
to stand by what you believed to be just and
right. I am yet a Populist and expect to
remain so. I see Roosevelt has recommended
postal savings banks in his last message. The
wisdom embodied in the Omaha platform will
yet be seen by the people. Enclosed find II
for Jeffersonian. Send me copy of magazine.
Your friend,
W. W. FUNDERBURGH.
MATT WANTS IT ONCE A DAY.
Thomson, Ga., Dec. 18, 1907.
Dear Sir: Your card at hand. Yes, indeed,
you can have my subscription for your maga
zine. I am glad that you notified me, for I
don’t want to miss my magazine. I have
but one objection to your Weekly paper, and
that is this: It ought to come once a day in
stead of once a week. Any time that I can
do you a favor, any way, shape or form, call
on me, and I will do it with pleasure.
Your friend,
MATT HAYES.
HERE’S NORTH CAROLINA.
Newton, N. 0., Dec. 10, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find $2 to re
new my subscription to both Jeffersonians.
Yours truly,
R. L. SHUFORD.
WE QUITE AGREE.
Sugar Valley, Ga., Dec. 12, 1907.
Dear Sir: I take The Atlanta Journal and
The Constitution, both, but get more informa
tion from your Weekly Jeffersonian than all
of them combined. I see some fellow by the
name of O’Connelly, writing squibs in The
Constitution, in which he says reform measures
are revolutionary and confiscatory, and pro
duces some figures to show the great shrink
age in railroad values which 1 think are very
misleading, as the railroads are doing the
heaviest business they have ever done. I wish
you a long life to continue your fight for the
people. Yours truly,
V. H. HAYNES.
LAY ON, MACDUFF.
Cairizo Springs, Tex., Dec. 9, 1907.
Dear Sir: Here is $2 to pay for the two
Jeffersonians for 1908. Please move up my
dates on same. Oh, how I would love to write
and talk to you, but absolutely have no time!
Lay on, Macduff.
Yours to bet on,
M. W. C. FRAZIER.
WHICH WAS JUST THE THING TO DO.
Canon, Ga., Dec. 7, 1907.
Dear Sir: I herewith enclose $1.50 for my
renewal to Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
which has expired with December number.
Don’t wish to miss a single copy.
Yours truly,
MRS. ELVA BROWN.
R. F. D. No. 1.
PAGE ELEVEN