PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISBZD BY
TH OS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
T»mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
V
A4v«rtising Rates Furnished on Application.
at Piiii/n, Atlanta, Ga,, January It, SQO7, at Htnd
tian mail mattir
- —I ----- - --I . - - - ■ ‘- - ■ I■■ .1
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, June 18, 1908
Populist National Campaign,
The manner in which the People’s
Party is coming to life again is a won
der. A glorious Easter is about to dawn.
Unless we are hugely mistaken, the Pop
ulist ticket will poll a million votes this
year, and we will hold the balance of
power in 1912.
Don’t you want to keep step ?
If you ever were a Populist on Prin
ciple, now’s the time to prove it.
COME TO ATLANTA JULY 9TH.
Come on a train which will enable you
to attend the morning convention at 10
o’clock.
Mr. Watson will address the. Conven
tion at the morning session. This is
different from the night meeting, when
'the Notification ceremony will take place.
Then, again, help us push the two
Jeffersonians. Both the weekly and the
monthly will take the most active part
in the campaign.
If you want to keep posted you need
the two Jeffersonians.
Renew, if your time is running out.
We offer both weekly and monthly, for
six months at sl.
* M *
A Governor Who Keeps At It,
The state of New York has a governor
who isn’t afraid of extra sessions of the
legislature, and who does not exonerate
the members who vote against his bills.
Governor Hughes promised to do his
best to put a stop to race-track gambling,
which goes on at such a tremendous pace
in New York that it is a blighting curse.
The race-track men sent a lobby to Al
bany, and the lobby succeeded in de
feating the Governor.
What did he do?
Did he say that “I have no adverse
criticism to place on the legislature”?
Not by a jugful. On the contrary, he
denounced those members who had voted
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
against his measure, and he went into
their district to do it!
In other words, Governor Hughes did
exactly what Governor Hoke Smith
threatened to do.
The result was that Hughes defeated
the Senator who had defeated the anti
race-track gaming bill, and the legisla
ture, which was called back in extra ses
sion, has passed the measure which the
regular session defeated.
Would the legislature ever have done
what Governor Hughes wanted, had he
suavely declared that he did not blame
it for killing his reforms?
Hardly.
Had Governor Hoke Smith called that
extra-session, and done his best to make
good on his pledges, he, also, might have
whipped his legislature into line.
». it it
Gen. Grant's Parly Habits.
When the world has reached the con
clusion that, upon the whole, it has been
gloriously served by one of its citizens, it
frowns upon those who would afterward
speak of “the spots on the sun.”
It has become practically impossible
for anybody to tell the whole truth about
any popular historical character.
Therefore, when Mr. Taft accepted the
invitation to deliver the memorial ad
dress in honor of Gen. Grant, some weeks
ago, he was confronted with a puzzling
question: Should he allude to Gen Grant’s
well-known weakness for strong drink,
or should he “cut it out”?
We think that, under the circumstances,
nobody would have found fault with Mr.
Taft had he omitted all reference to Gen.
Grant’s personal habits. The biographers
are expected to paint the full life-size pic
ture, “warts and all.”
Memorial addresses are intended to em
phasize the greatness of the man and his
work —not his foibles and faults.
The surviving members of the family
of Gen. Grant, and many of his relatives,
together with thousands of his old com
panions in arms, were present to hear Mr.
Taft, and it was hardly in good taste for
him to allude to what was necessarily a
painful subject.
Nevertheless, we think that his very
courage and frankness in telling “the
truth, the whole truth and nothing but the
truth,” shows what a full-grown man is
William H. Taft.
As the address has been widely com
mented upon, we reproduce the portion
which provoked criticism,
Speaks of Grant’s Personal Habits.
Secretary Taft’s speech was devoted
entirely to Gen. Grant’s career as a mili
tary hero, and he failed to touch upon
current questions. He surprised his hear
ers by the remarkable frankness with
which he referred to Gen. Grant’s drink
ing habits, which, he said, was the cause
of his leaving the army as a young man,
and many of the veterans were'inclined to
criticise the Secretary for what they re
garded as bad taste in bringing in this
part of the great war hero’s career in a
memorial speech. Gen. Frederick D.
Grant, son of the great war general, stood
at Secretary Taft’s side during the speech.
This reference was made after Secre
tary Taft had told of Gen. Grant’s gradu
ation from West Point, and the fact that
he did well in the Mexican war, “as did
other lieutenants.” Then he said:
“But in 1854 he resigned the army be
cause he had to. He had yielded to the
weakness for strong drink, and, rather
than be court-martialed, he left the army.
He returned from Vancouver on the Pa
cific Coast to his family at St. Louis
without money, without property —a dis
heartened man. He accepted from his
father-in-law a loan of seventy-five acres
of land upon which he constructed a
house for his family to live in, and there
he carried on farming operations.
Failure in Business.
"His chief business seemed to be that
of selling wood, of cutting it and piling it
in the back yards of the well-to-do people
of St. Louis. After six years of this life
he gave up farming because of ill health
and went into the real estate business for
a year. He failed in this. His associate dis
solved the partnership. Then at last his
father offered him S6OO as a clerk in his
leather store at Galena, 111., and thence
he moved from St. Louis. He worked
here for a year also. During these seven
years, though everything looked dark, he
overcame in a great measure his weak
ness for strong drink. But he was so
constituted that it seemed impossible for
him to earn a livelihood, even when he
had given hostages to fortune in the
shape of a wife and four children. Then
came the Civil War.”
From this point Secretary Taft review
ed Gen. Grant’s career, and if in the be
ginning he had seemed to slight Gen.
Grant’s memory by his reference to the
cause of leaving the army, he more than
made ample amends in the tribute which
he paid to his greatness as a soldier in
the Civil War.