Senator must choose between “losing the
Presidential favor and doing the thing as his
conscience tells him it ought to be done”, and
that a Senator must either “surrender his in
dependence or be in constant and most disa
greeable conflict with the Chief Executive”.
Then he scored the President for trying to
dictate to Congress the precise form of legis
lation which it shall enact, and declared that
Mr. Taft’s railroad bill was not the product
of any Senator or of any member of the
House of Representatives.
The fact that the bill was printed for the
confidential use of the President, but was in
the hands of the railroads even before it
reached the President,* was brought out in a
way that made Aldrich tremble, as did the
fact that only one railroad man has appeared
before the Senate Committee against the bill.
Mr. Cummins followed this up by showing
how the bill allowed the railroads to make
rate agreements without even the approval
of the Interstate Commerce Commission, and
how it repealed the Sherman Anti-Trust law.
The greediest railroad president in the land
would ask for nothing better than the Taft
bill.
But Aldrich is far from a fool, and he saw
how things were going with Cannon at the
other end of the line. The Insurgent, Cum
mins, was going further in open defiance
than any other Insurgent Senator had dared
go before, and he was afraid of the final out
come.
Cannon was being crushed in the House
where his power had been more absolute than
Aldrich’s had in the Senate. If Cannon
could no longer dictate to the House, Aldrich
was afraid to try to dictate to the Senate.
Even if he succeeded in getting the rotten
bill through the Senate, Cannon would not
be able to put it through the House.
And Aldrich was forced to surrender.
A NEW BOOK BY THOS. F.
LOCKHART.
Dear Friend:-—lt may be that you
have read my other books, but
whether you have or not, I trust you
will order this new one entitled,
“Cheerful Chats With Far Away
Friends.” While conducting a de
partment in a St. Louis daily news
paper I requested the readers to tell
me all about their troubles if they
thought I could help them in any
way. This they did quite freely, and
I now publish their questions and my
replies in book form, which I think
makes a very unique and interest
ing book. Something out of the or
dinary, as it gives you a peep into
an invalid’s mail box which is sure
to prove both interesting and amus
ing. It will also show you that
other people have troubles as well as
yourself, and just how prone they
are to worry over the many petty
trials and vexations of life.
In spite of the fact that I have
been lying in one position, without
a rest or change in any way what
ever, for the past twenty-four years,
I have cultivated the habit of look
ing on the sunny side of life, and
you will find that all my books
breathe a spirit of true optimism
that cannot help but cheer and uplift
all who read.
The disease from which I suffer
has so far spared me one eye, a fin
ger and thumb, and with these mem
bers alone I have earned a support
for myself and nurse for the past
nine years.
Writing books was the only way
open to me, and I sincerely hope you,
reader, will encourage me by order
ing this last book of mine. The
price is only 50 cents.
THOS. F. LOCKHART,
Missouri.
Know anything about Socialism?
Read what Th os. E. Watson thinks
of it in his “Political and Economic
Handbook”; $1 per copy. The Jeffs,
Thomson, Ga.
He agreed to listen to proposals for amend
ment, and declared that if the bill meant the
repeal of the Sherman law he wanted it
amended. Yet only a few hours before Al
drich was determined to force the Senate to
pass the bill as it read, giving the railroads
the power to make rate agreements which
would rob the people to whatever extent the
railroads desired to rob them.
* * ❖ *
While the Czarism of Cannon in the House,
and Dictatorship of Aldrich in the Senate
was being overthrown, Mr. Taft was in Il
linois begging the Republican editors of that
State to support the administration measures.
His appeal was earnest and showed his
alarm of the growing sentiment against his
administration.
Indeed the Taft-Cannon-Aldrich ship
seems about to sink, and the sooner the better.
The Taft smile has vanished, as has the
Cannon arrogance of the public be d—d.
Mr. Taft would have done a wise thing if
he had remained silent instead of going out
of his way to indorse Aldrich and Cannon
legislation and methods.
The final arguments in the suit to dissolve
the Standard Oil Company have been made
before the United States Supreme Court, but
it will be weeks, perhaps months, before we
know the Court’s decision.
Perhaps the ablest argument was made by
Mr. Kellogg, the man who convicted the Oil
Trust in the lower courts.
His summing up of the Standard Oil Com
pany’s methods, and the crimes which if 5 had
committed in crushing out competition was
masterful.
He not only compared the Standard Oil
owners to the old pirates who sailed the high
seas under the black flag, but showed how it
had brought the proudest railroad in the
BOYS WHO BEGIN LIFE’S BATTLE
EARLY, ARE THE MEN
WHO WIN.
J. K. Orr, the prominent shoe man
ufacturer of Atlanta, in his “Talks
to Young Men” said: “We can’t all
be great in the generally accepted
sense, but we can all be pure in
heart.” He was unquestionably
right, still there is a chance for each
and every boy and young man to
better his position in this world if
he only has the grit to back the am
bition we all should have. Mr. Orr
again says: “Few,” and he even
makes use of the word advisedly,
“are handicapped with capital at the
beginning of life.”
It has been proven beyond all
shadow of doubt, that the boys who
are forced to fight for themselves,
and to make their own way, inva
riably make the leaders when they
become men. As a rule take the
rich man’s son for instance: He has
every advantage afforded him. He
never lacks for the necessities of
life, as well as the luxuries. On the
other hand, notice the poor man’s
son. He usually is compelled to
spend his youth in helping support
the rest of the family. For this rea
son he grows up in ignorance until
he becomes of age, after which he
seldom enters school, as it is embar
rassing for him to have to enter the
classes with the little folks. Com
pare them. Note the difference in
their opportunities. Why is it the
boy who has the advantage never
amounts to anything as a rule. Sim
ply because he is never brought to
a realization of the fact that he must
one day be dependent upon himself
for a livelihood. The poor boy on
the other hand is constantly butting
up with circumstances and condi
tions that cause him to see the ne
cessity of forging ahead, and the
consequence is, he makes the man,
and the other makes the dog. Os
course there are exceptions to the
rule, but if you have ever noticed it,
you will agree with me. I defy any
body to offer proof to the contrary.
Mr. Watson, I notice that you are
contemplating starting the fourth
©fee □Jeffersonian
newspaper in Atlanta. I am sure it
would be a success. I am person
ally acquainted with men who are
in favor with Mr. Watson’s princi
ples. Some few years ago these men
were fighting Mr. Watson, simply
because they knew nothing of him
nor his principles. When they were
induced to read and become wise
along this line, they were immedi
ately won over.
A. H. BRADLEY.
Commerce, Georgia.
HOW TO SAVE MONEY.
Do you know in buying from
agents or dealers you are forced to
pay from three to four profits?
Many people never realize this and
continue paying these exorbitant
profits to dealers. Now, we know
the value of a buggy, and the Mals
by, Shipp Co. will sell you a high
grade vehicle, with only one small
profit added to the actual cost of
manufacturing. This is possible be
cause they sell direct from the fac
tory to the consumer with only one
margin of profit added to actual cost
of manufacturing. This is worth the
buggy buyer’s attention. Read their
announcement on page 11, and
write them for one of their catalogs.
This firm guarantees all sales and is
absolutely reliable. Address them
Malsby, Shipp Co., Dept. F., 41 S.
Forsyth St., Atlanta, Ga.
Wanted —Farm Lands
We want farms in any part of the State, from a
ten-acre farm to a large plantation. Write us
at once, describing fully what you have . .
Atlanta Realty Investment Co.
Home Office: ATLANTA, GA.
country to its knees begging for life; how it
had forced the railroads to give special rates
on whatever they hauled for the Standard.
He showed that the Standard not only de
manded rebates from the railroads on the
freight hauled for the Standard, but that the
railroads had to pay certain fines to the
Standard whenever they hauled products for
any independent oil company.
In the words of Mr. Kellogg, in five more
years the Standard Oil Company will own
and dominate every principal industry in this
country.
If this suit is decided against the people,
it makes one shudder to think of what will
be the final result.
❖ * * *
As a result of careful tests made of weights
and measures in one of the big cities during
the past few days it was shown that the peo
ple were robbed annually of between $2,000,-
000 and $4,000,000 in life’s necessities.
In 617 grocery stores where 3,159 weights
and measures were tested, 1,337 were wrong
and 1,822 were right, about forty-two per
cent., and the inaccuracies varied from three
to seventy--five per cent.
If this per cent, of inaccuracies extends
throughout the country, what is it costing the
people? How much higher does it make the
present high prices of provisions?
When you stop to consider the above ques
tion, you will see what an important one it is.
* ❖ * &
In the last few days you have heard little
of the Boycott of Beef.
No wonder, it is as dead as a doornail, just
as predicted.
In the meantime the price of beef has
steadily increased, and it is higher today
than it was the day the boycott was started.
The people went about the fight against the
Beef Trust in the wrong way.
FOR SALE—AUTOMOBILE.
White Steamer, 1 year old, Model
“O”, 1909, 5-passenger, in fine condi
tion. Extra equipment: clock, shock
absorbers, stepney wheel, wind shields
and other things. Address Auto Owner,
1605 Candler Bldg., Atlanta, Ga.
Forty dollars in prizes will be
given to our agents on April 15th.
Are you working?
3 Bales per Acre
1,200 BUSHELS
Brown No. 1 Cottonseed. Early
as Early King Cotton. 50 bolls make
a pound. 40 to 44 per cent, lint; the
easiest Cotton picked that is grown.
Makes more money to the acre
than any cotton with same manure
and work. Seed ginned pure.
$1.25 per bu.; $1.15 in 10 to 20 bu.
lots; SI.OO in 100 bu. lots and over;
f. o. b., Bowersville, Ga.
I have a limited supply of pure Six-
Ear Corn, grown from seed bought
of H. G. Hastings last spring; yield,
75 bu. per acre. Price: $2.00 per bu.
JEFF DEAN, Bowersville, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN