Bound Volumes of Magazine
(1) First six numbers Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine bound in cloth
makes a most valuable book for the
library and for permanent, convenient
use.
Price, postpaid $2.00.
As a Premium it goes to you for a
club of 4 new subscribers and $4.00.
There are only 287 of the No. 1 Book.
Beautifully and profusely illus
trated and filled with a great va
riety of the best literature. Address
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Great Premium
For 4 subscribers and $4.00 you get,
as Premium, THE LIFE AND TIMES
OF THOMAS JEFFERSON. Illus
trated. Bound in cloth.
In this work Mr. Watson gives:
(1) A full life of Mr. Jefferson.
(2) A full explanation of Jefferso
nian Democracy.
(3) A full history of the United
States from the first settlement down
to 1826.
(4) Much history that does not ap
pear in the other so-called “Histories”
of the United States.
(6) Much new and valuable Inform
ation concerning the South’s contribu
tions to American greatness and glory;
(8) The South’s true position on the
question of Negro Slavery.
EARN THE PREMIUM AND READ
THE BOOK. Address,
JEFFERSONIAI, Thomson, Ga.
io the Veters of the Northern Judi
cial Circuit:
I aimounce iny candidacy for the
office of Solicitor-General of the
Northern Judicial Circuit, subject to
the primary to be held for that pur
pose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L. D. M’GREGOR.
A
HELP SAVE ONE MOTHER’S
GIRL.
Whose girl goes wrong? Some
mother’s —perhaps living, perhaps
dead —but always hers.
Why do girls go wrong? Sometimes
through ignorance, often through am
bition, oftenest through deception.
How many girls go wrong? Thou
sands every year. Today there are
fully six thousand in the seventy-one
Florence Crittenton Homes trying to
gain courage to face a frowning world
(fallen women usually get a chilling
reception) and to learn some occupa
tion which will help them to be self
supporting. This is about the aver
age number always within the mis
sion walls, and yet the faces change
almost daily.
The pages of the Florence Critten
ton Magazine tell of these unfortu
nate women and girls, their needs and
what you can do to HELP their
HELPERS. Not all can be mission
workers, but all can help those who
are. Though no one whom you know,
or for whom you are responsible, has
thus fallen by the way side, let us
urge you to open your hearts to the
desperate needs of these strangers
who are so needy.
Please send one dollars for a year’s
to the Florence Critten-
Bon Magazine. Address, A. W. El
■ott, Circulation Manager, Atlanta,
New plan for Easily Bearing' Pecan Grove and
other fruits free, by mentioning Watson’s
Weekly. 50 per cent reduction in price of trees.
Sure to live. No agents. FREIGHT PAID.
W. B. STONE Ct CO. • Thomasville, Ga.
WHAT?
Still talking politics? What would
you give to make some money out of
it? Well just send me two dollars
and I will send you some Wall street
secrets that will put you right up in
the “inner circle.” ELMORE SCOTT.
Box 104, Ossining, N. Y.
Deposit by Mail
It is perfectly safe to remit us by
mail. Pass books will be sent you by
return mail.
FARMERS’ ACCOUNTS ESPECIAL
LY SOLICITED.
We pay Interest twice a year at rate
of 4 per cent
THE AUGUSTA SAVINGS BANK
SO Broad St
WM. B. YOUNG, President,
J. ft. WEIGLE, Cashier.
What It Means.
If you, a subscriber, get extra copieB j
it means that Mr. Wateou requests
you to hand these extras to your
neighbors and Mauda
More Premiums
A HISTORY OF THE WORLD AND
ITS PEOPLES.
Send 6 new subscribers to either
Jeffersonian and get it
If you are renewing, send 6 new
subscribers and get the book.
(2) On same terms you can get 8-
day clock, cathedral gong.
(3) Add one more subscriber to the
preceding offer and get a set of china
containing 47 pieces.
(4) If you want a diamond point
safety clip fountain pen, 14 karat gold,
which Mr. Watson personally guaran
tees to be all right, send two new sub
scribers to either Jeffersonian, or 1
subscriber to each Jeffersonian, with
full subscription for both ($2.50), and
get this beautiful and durable fountain
pen.
(5) Safety Razors are an absolute
success and a great luxury. Send
three subscribers, or two besides your
own and get one. Quit gashing up
that twisted mug of yours with that
old scythe-blade.
(6) Flat Silver Set of 26 pieces!
Send 10 new subscribers, or 9 besides
your renewal and get this great pre
mium.
(7) 'Pressed Cut Glass Ware. A wa
ter jug and six tumblers. Send two
new subscribers and get the set; or
one new subscriber to the magazine
in addition to your renewal for either
the weekly or the monthly.
(8) Send 3 subscribers to either Jef
fersonian and get “The Farmers’ Tar
iff Manual,” by C. L. Poorman. Thia
is a cloth-bound volume which tells
you all about governmental questions
and economic problems.
(9) Send 2 subscribers to either Jef
fersonian and get Dr. T. A. Bland’s
book, “Pioneers of Progress,” contain
ing sketches and anecdotes of Lincoln,
Grant, Peter Cooper, Henry George,
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and others.
This book soils for SI.BB.
WAWTS WEEKLY JWFOBOmAW.
“If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue fife ns such a policy
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übe Georgia Home
Insurance Co.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization..... Over Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
Farmers’ Catechism
Do you want to know all abou t the Union of American Farmers?
Price, $1.25, but to you only 10 cents. Organization work made easy.
Hundreds of questions, and every phase of the work covered; besides,
two of the most powerful speeches ever delivered to American farmers, by
Judge Fisk, national lecturer (to Kansas farmers, July 4), and C. A.
Windle, general lecturer and organizer. These speeches alone are worth
$lO to every farmer. They’re the cream of years of study, by two
great scholars and orators. They’re rich and juicy. Great thunder for
organizers and workers. Send silver dime and address of five sensible
farmers, plainly written, and you’ll get it, express or postage all paid.
Send NOW, but don’t send names of lunk-heads. Address:
FARMERS’ CATECHISM, Wicheta, Kans.
HEALTH IS WEALTH
HAGGARD'S SPECIFIC TABLETS
Are Mealth Builders
If you suffer from Indigestion, Nervous Debility, Kidney and
Bladder Troubles, Lost or impaired Vitality incident to ever
work, physically or mentally, advanced age or otherwise, take
HAGGARD’S SPECIFIC TABLETS. They contain no
mercury, morphine, opium or any other norcotics. They
are purely vegetable and are peculiarly adapted to the needs
of the human system. •
Give our remedies a fair test and if you are not benefited, we
will refund your money. Write for booklet of testimonials.
If your druggist can’t supply you they can be had direct
from us, either by mail or express, prepaid on receipt of
price. Small Box, 50 Cents: Large Box, 81.00, or 6 LARGE
BOXES 85.00.
Address,
HAGGARD SPECIFIC CO.
ATLANTA. GA.
PAGE THIRTEEN