PAGE FOURTEEN
THE SAVING OF ANNIE CAME
RON.
(Continued from Page Three.)
mother cried out. “Who is she?”
“Did I say it was me?” he de
manded, and rushed into his room
and changed his clothes.
lie had asked the question because
of Annie. Sam Bolton lived, as he
did, with his mother who would not
be separated from him, and he want
ed to see how an ordinary parent
would feel toward a sudden daughter
in-law.
He was out in the hall again when
he realized that he had been curt
with his mother. He went back to
her. But could he tell her what was
in his mind without hearing ques
tions from her which it would irritate
him to answer?
“You mustn’t mind me today,” he
said; “I’m sort of rattled.”
He caught her face between his
hands and kissed her as he had not
done in years, which embrace
left her in teras and with the convic
tion that he had commiitted some
deed which might place him within
the meshes of the law.
But Snodgrass was hurrying on to
Annie. When he reached her house
he went boldly in. He mounted the
three flights of stairs and knocked on
the door.
Such a pale, worn face as appear
ed there a moment later.
“Oh,” said Annie, “Jimmy is very
bad, he has wanted mother so, more
than ever! I know you people all
think me silly for taking care of him
the way I do, but he was mother’s
baby and she loved him so. Besides,
I haven’t any money to send him—”
“Rot!” said Snodgrass, and si
lenced her. In his heart was the feel
ing that it would be cruel to send
the baby from her, and yet —she
loved Sara Bolton, who objected to
Jim.
“This can’t keep up,” all at once
he broke out; “you’ve had too much
of it already.”
“I promised mother to look after
him,” she returned. “He was her
baby, and she’s only been dead six
months. He was getting better till
she left us. Since then he has miss
ed her so much.”
Silence fell between them; silence
awkward and long. Snodgrass was
uneasy. How should he say to her
what he must? He had not thought
it would be so difficult. Besides, she
did not act so coldly toward him as
she had sometimes done when she
found him solicitous about Jim and
wondering if some one else could not
take some of the care of him.
“Little Simpson,” he said, “will
be here this afternoon at four
o ’clock. ’ ’
“What for?” she asked.
“You’ve got to get out of this to
day,” Snodgrass went on savagely.
“There’s going to be a wedding here
today at four o’clock, or I’ll know
the reason why. You know who the
man is, he’d give his two eyes for
you, and' he’ll do the best he can by
you. There’s not going to be any
‘No’ from you, and —and —”
His voice trailed away. Her lips
were smiling, her brown eyes looked
into his.
“God bless you!” she said quietly.
He moved toward the door.
“Stop!” she said. “Stop! I
must tell you that I know’ your kind
feeling for me and Jimmy. I thought
at first that-you wished him dead,
like so many of the neighbors who
call themselves my friends. I see now
that you. were thinking of me in an
other way than that. Do what you
think best about today, I am willing.
You will find me ready at the time
you mention. Now leave me, please.”
Snodgrass went out, his head on
fire. It was now three o’clock; he
must see the old lady who would
look after Jimmy for a consideration
nobody need know anything about—
not even Annie, who should be told
that it was gratuitous because of the
lady’s interest in ailing babies. This
piece of business took but a few
minutes —Jimmy might go that even
ing and try to get well for five dol
lars a week.
Then he turned in the direction, of
Bolton’s club. There was a rush in
his mind, a wild desire to get it all
over.
He found Bolton holding forth in
the familiar doorway.
Snodgrass moistened his dry lips.
“Sam,” he said, “of course it was
all square what you said this ’ .orn
ing ? ’ ’
“What did I say this morning?”
Sam naturally asked.
“About getting married today,”
Snodgrass answered, “if Jim Came
ron was out of the way.”
“I’ll marry when I please,”
frowned Sam, “and don’t you med
dle. There isn’t anything between
Annie Cameron and me, and there
won’t be if she keeps holding on to
that sick kid. Besides, there’s an
other lady I’m interested in and—
say, Snodgrass, you attend to your
own funeral, not mine,” and disap
peared in the club.
Snodgrass was rooted to the spot.
Then he had the wild desire to throt
tle Bolton; though to molest the fel
low would in all likelihood force an
explanation to the men around him,
and Annie’s name would be bandied
about.
The madness of the whole day’s
proceedings confronted him; he had
acted like an idiot. Annie must be
apprized of Bolton’s defection, and
what would be her opinion of the of
ficious friend who had so mismanaged
the affair?
A clock struck four. *
The sound roused him. He must
go to Annie. Accepting her censure,
he must tell her the truth, that Sam
Bolton had declined to make her his
wife after his ambassador had ar
ranged for the ceremony. He expe
rienced all the sensations of a mortal
defeat as he went in the direction of
the Cameron flat. He was glad, at
least, that Bolton did not know how
far matters had gone, for that was
shielding the girl a little.
He reached the tall flat-house;
nothing made up in his mind as to
what he should say, only he must tell
Annie the truth and Im near her in
her hour of shame and wounded wo
manhood. She would hate him, and
that hate would be her best shield
against herself.
Annie must Iwive heard him coming
up the stairs, for she opened the door
before he knocked.
She had put off the black she wore
for her mother, and was habited in
soft gray. She looked like a bride, in-
3effersonlan
STANDAR.D MACHINER.Y
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
CAMPANV Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Vvnimil 1 Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
« SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Sd
ATLANTA. .. GEORGIA catalog. sell everything in Machinery .nd
Jeffersonian Premiums
You can get any of the following premiums by sending in subscriptions, or renew
als, as shown below, for the Jeffersonian Magazine at SI.OO, or the Weekly Jeffersonian
at SI.OO.
Full description of the premiums will be sent upon application to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga. _ . , x ,
Every article offered is the best that can be procured for the money. It is not our
purpose to make a profit on these premiums. We have figured the cost as low as pos
sible, and offer them for the least number of subscriptions that we can.
FOR 15 MAGAZINE OR 15 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
A set of 26 pieces of Rogers’ Silver Plated Cutlery; retail price, sls.
Ladies’ Gold Watch, hunting case, 7 jewel; price sls.
Gentlemen’s Gold Watch, 7 jewel, guaranteed for 10 years; price sl2.
FOR 10 MAGAZINE OR 10 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Webster’s Imperial Dictionary, unabridged; price $lO.
Old Mission Pendulum Clock, cathedral gong; price sl2.
Dinner Set of 47 pieces, semi-porcelain, full size; price SB.
Monarch Atlas of the World; price SB.
The World and Its Peoples, bound in silk cloth; price $lO.
Old Mission Shelf Clock; price sl2.
Mission Lamp, iron pedestal, cathedral glass; price sls.
F. & W. Automatic Hand High-Speed Sewing Machine.
FOR 5 MAGAZINE OR 5 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Breakfast Set, 31 pieces, very handsome.
Red Letter Student’s Bible, flexible leather covers.
Egyptian Ebony Mantel Clock.
A Presentation Edition of the Bible, magnificently bound.
Daisy Traveling Clock.
FOR 3 MAGAZINES OR 3 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Twentieth Century Cook Book and Practical Housekeeping.
Ever-Ready Safety Razor.
Old-fashioned Razor.
China Cake Set, 7 pieces.
Fountain Pen, diamond point.
Pyrography Outfit.
FOR 2 MAGAZINE OR 2 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Practical Farming and Gardening, 500 pages.
Eight-inch Adjustable Shears, never wear out.
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durham! for three geaeratlona have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy la, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.’’
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1906. ' . -
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where Is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.