PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
The overthrow of Cannon is at last an ac
complished fact. By a vote of 191, made up
The Over
throw of
Cannon.
have an enlarged membership uncontrolled
hereafter by the Speaker of the House.
What was done March 19, 1910, could have
been done a year ago, when the fight to down
Cannonism put an anxious public upon tip
toes of interest. It meant so much at that
time—the tariff was to be revised, and Can
non’s power meant defeat of downward re
vision and all other reforms.
However, the present successful overthrow
of the gag-rules and of the power to appoint
committees is gratifying, for it shows that
both Republicans and Democrats have felt
the pressure of an aroused public indignation
and in throwing Cannon as a sop to
they have acted in one instance, at least, as
servants of the people instead of overlords.
Os course, Cannon’s personal day is over.
But much more remains to be done before the
insolent rule of the reactionaries will be over
come. Nothing but a sincere radicalism, that
will stand together, will save Congress and
the country. This radical spirit is broadcast,
not among the professional politicians who
barter with each other for the spoils, but
among the common people, and it rests with
them to see that their nominees are men who
will stand firm. It is a confession lamentable,
but true, made by Champ Clark, that the war
on Cannon marks the first time “in years, that,
in a prolonged and bitter fight, the Demo
crats stood together”. In a minority will al
ways be found those who will desert to the
majority for personal gain, until such deser
tion is punished by those wlio have been be
trayed.
Poor Uncle Joe! His physical condition
is said to be very precarious, and it would
not be at all surprising if he collapsed. When
an undisciplined tyrant gets a long deserved
and wholesome lesson, he usually throws a
fit that it would be impolite to term hysteria,
but which bears all the ear-marks of apoplec
tic heat and ungovernable rage, and creates
the usual diversion from the cause of the
spasm to the sufferer.
The resolution changing the rules of the
House is as follows:
“Resolved, That the rules of the house be
amended as follows:
“ ‘The Committee on Rules shall consist of fif
teen members, nine of whom shall be members of
the majority party and six of whom shall be mem
bers of the minority party, to be selected as fol
lows:
‘The States of the Union shall be divided by
a committee of three selected by the House for
that purpose, into nine groups, each group con
taining as near as may be an equal number of
members belonging to the majority party. The
States of the Union shall likewise be divided into
six groups, each group containing as near as may
be an equal number of members belonging to the
minority party.
“‘At 10:30 o’clock on the ddy following the
adoption of the report of said committee, each of
said groups shall meet and select one of its num
ber, a member of the Committee on Rules. The
place of meeting for each of said groups shall be
designated by the said committee of three in its
report. Each of said groups shall report to the
House the name of the member selected for mem
bership on the Committee on Rules.
“ ‘The Committee on Rules shall select its own
chairman; the Speaker shall not be eligible to
membership on said committee. All rules or
parts thereof inconsistent with the foregoing reso
lution are hereby repealed.’ ”
A motion to oust Cannon as Speaker of the
House, and elect a new Speaker, was lost.
of Democrats and insurgent
Republicans, Uncle Joe was
deposed from his throne as
head of the Committee on
Rules, which committee is to
Jeffersonian
The strike situation throughout the coun
try has grown no better, Philadelphia having
Philadelphia’s
Disgrace.
being ready at a moment’s
notice to walk out, to demonstrate their sym
pathy with the street-car men.
If ever a municipality deserved execration,
Philadelphia does. Its traditional corrup
tion has been impervious to the finger of
scorn for decades, but that isn’t the worst of
it, by any means. The city has allowed negro
policemen to beat white women down with
chibs and to intimidate wives and daughters
of the strikers! Such a thing in any South
ern city would bring instant civil war, fol
lowed by an extermination of every black
brute who strutted forth in the glory of a
uniform.
A policeman is a man of divers duties, the
chief one of which is to protect the citizenry,
and especially to direct and assist women and
children who may be confused by a big city,
or fall ill, or meet with accident by the way.
And Philadelphia has delegated negroes to
take care of them! And in time of strike,
these blacks are authorized to use the night
stick, or fire into the crowds. It is almost be
yond belief that civilization could sink so low
as to have its municipal soldiers consist in
any part of negroes. Lovely to think of a
negro policeman “arresting” a white girl,
isn’t it? Nice to imagine several of them
searching some helpless woman “suspect”.
Anybody can be a “suspect”, you know. It is
a word that permits the policeman to do
everything, from detaining a dangerous char
acter down to satisfying a private grudge.
The “suspect’’ isn’t accused of anything, and
in the hurly-burly of a big town a “mistake’’
is explffkied*away very easily.
Philadelphia is an object lesson. It needs
a reform that will clean it from top to bot
tom, and the lesson of its strike and of the
outrage to white womanhood by putting it
at the mercy of negro police should cause
every city to take heed to itself before it pre
sents a similar condition.
Throughout the West, the same uneasiness
persists over the threatened railroad strike.
The
Railway
Situation
Unchanged.
at issue. Their attitude now
is that they will discuss certain things, but
that they will not consider at all the very
things that most irritate the employees, which
is a long way from arbitration. In other
words, the railroads will arbitrate the things
that could be decided peaceably anyhow, but
will not arbitrate the matters out of which
grows the difficulty. It is just such a condi
tion of affairs that brings so much demand
for compulsory arbitration: and precisely
what would defeat the very purpose of it,
inasmuch as neither side would long submit
to an award that went dead against it.
Against such an impasse, human reason be
comes decidedly beclouded. What we need is
clearly not more arbitration, but more of a
generosity which will prevent the ever-re
curring need for adjustments. This is very
like the thunder of some one who said, rela
tive to the New York legislative scandals:
“What we need is not more investigation, but
more honesty.”
With human nature as it is, not as it should
be, unchecked power never tends to generosi
ty: and unlimited chances for graft never
fail to find plenty to take advantage of them.
failed thus far to bring
about peace, and labor or
ganizations in the State
Strenuous efforts are being
made to avert it, but any day.
may see it precipitated unless
the railroad companies con
sent to arbitrate the questions
Representative Hamilton Fish, Republican
member from New York, is beseeching Con
gress to grant Roosevelt a per-
Riding the
Willing
“Frank”
to Death.
—7
his own right before he became President,
and who has had eleven years of everything
that the American people could bestow on
him as an Executive, followed up by a free
slaughtering tour in Africa, is another nau
seating evidence of the desire of snobbery for
a King.
* * ❖ ❖
It is quite amazing that Congress refused
to appropriate money from the Treasury to
buy 60-horse power touring cars for Vice-
President Sherman, and Joe Cannon, but
that much sanity was recently demonstrated,
though the vote showed that there were 94
sycophants ready to rob the tax-payers in
order to give automobiles to the two repro
bates.
The trial of two Russian revolutionists, of
which a few scant details have been given to
The
Woman
Sacrificed.
Nicolas Tchaikovsky and Catherine Brev
kovsky were unknown as the “Father” and
“Mother” respectively of the Nihilists, which
means that their long lives had been spent in
the unceasing struggle toward liberating
their people from the tyranny of the most
heartless despotism that curses the earth.
Their “crimes” consisted in devotion to pa
triotic ideals. >
In reluctant yielding to outside pressure,
the government consented to a semi-public
prosecution, instead of secret and absolutely
one-sided trial. This, in itself, shows how
dreadful is the condition of the Russian sub
ject, where habeas corpus is unknown, where
assassinations under the name of executions
go on. year after year, filling nameless graves
with those who have simply disappeared
without word or sign of their fate being
known to friends and loved ones.
Conceding that the man had the better
chance to escape conviction, counsel for both
agreed to make but a perfunctory defense in
the woman’s case. The result was that the
“Father” was acquitted and the “Mother”, a
woman of eighty years, must go the long,
drear wav to Siberia !
Does history record a grander sacrifice than
has been this noble woman’s life? To toil
through the years of her youth, for liberty;
to carry on the heroic propaganda when age
had whitened the hair and made the old feet
falter from physical weakness, while the heart
burned on, undaunted. And, at the end, to
sacrifice herself that her comrade in woe
might pass his few remaining days in com
fort, with friends, while she fares forth to an
exile far more cruel than death !
Siberia! Its loneliness, its squalid prison,
its bitter cold, its manifold brutalities for
this venerable woman who loved her people
better than her ease, who feared nothing ex
cept the surrender of her principles. Liberty
never knew a more glorious example than
hers, and its lovers can find no finer inspira
tion than her life.
Just a woman, and weak. But God will be
good to Russia if it sends her many men who
can measure up to the standard of Catherine
Breshovsky.
petual franking privilege, in
order, doubtless, that he can
send his dollar-a-word manu
scripts free of postage. Such
truckling to a man, rich in
the outside world, presents
features of almost unparallel
ed tragedy, or rather, it is the
very culmination of all things
tragic.