PAGE TWELVE
GOVERNOR SMITH VIOLATES OATH
OF OFFICE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
ernor is. to entrench himself with the Candler
family! To Asa he gave the Neal bank re
ceivership, and to Murphy he gives a R. R.
Commissionership.
Evidently, the Governor is counting on the
Coca-Cola push, when he puts in motion that
silly programme of “If Joe Brown runs, I’ll
run.”
H M H
Federal Courts Destroying State 'Rights,
and "Buttressing Special Rights.
From an honored friend, the Jeffersonian
receives the following letter:
St. Louis, Mo., March io, 1909.
Dear Friend: You have stated that under
the Constitution of the United States and the
Judiciary Act of 1789, which you say has not
been repealed, that State laws are not subject
to review until first passed upon by the Su
preme Court of the State, and then subject to
review only by the Supreme Court of the
United States, not by any inferior Federal
Court. You have also said that the clause
of the United States Constitution against con
fiscation and impairing contracts had no refer
ence to net profits under which the railroads
seek to defeat legislation regulating rates.
Please write and print in next weekly Jeffer
sonian a brief article setting out the whole ar
gument in the case, and quoting the clause of
the Constitution by article and sections, and
the sections of the Judiciary Act (as now
found in the statute) which you rely on as to
jurisdiction, and as to matter of net profits.
You have the matter at your fingers' ends,
and I will esteem it a great favor if you will
write and print the information at once, send
ing me two copies of the paper.
Your friend,
Minor Meriwether.
Our friend Meriwether will have seen, in
last week’s paper, a critique of the decision to
which he presumably refers. We take pleas
ure, however, in going into the matter again.
During the Constitutional Convention of
1787 it was proposed, several times, to give
the Supreme Court of the United States juris
diction over Acts of Congress, with authority
to declare such Acts void, if, in the opinion of
the Court, they were violative of the Constitu
tion. Each time that this proposition was
made, IT WAS VOTED DOWN.
Yet. one of the first of the judicial usurpa
tions of John Marshall —the Hamiltonian par
tisan—was to decide that the Supreme Court
inherently possessed the power which the
framers of the Constitution repeatedly refused
to give it. It was Chief Justice Marshall —
whose appointment by President John Adams
was chiefly due to the fact that Marshall was
a violent and determined enemy of Jefferson
and of democracy—who first arrogated to the
Supreme Court the Ultimate Sovereignty in
these United States by the assertion of the
authority to nullify legislation enacted by Con
gress and approved by the President.
The Constitution makes each separate
branch of Government co-ordinate. Legisla
tive powers, Executive powers and judicial
powers were kept apart, so that neither would
absorb the others.
But when the Supreme Court usurped the
right to set aside what the legislative and the
Executive had done, the Judiciary became su
preme, destroying that co-ordination which the
fundamental theory and principle upon which
our Republic was founded. It is no longer, in
fact, a republic. The people do not elect Fed
eral Judges, nor exert any control over them.
These usurpatory magistrates constitute a self
perpetuating autocracy and, inasmuch as the
Federal Judge is generally a corporation law
yer, he goes upon the bench committed to the
■sbe- Jeffersonian
corporation point of view. However honest
he may be, he sees everything through cor
poration glasses. Thus, the Federal Judiciary
ruling the Republic, does it in the interests of
the corporations.
II
The Colonies had long been separate and
independent, prior to the Convention of 1787.
Each colony had governed itself, made treaties,
and waged wars. Therefore, when the Dele
gates met to frame a Constitution which should
erect a Central Government, each Colony was
extremely jealous of its sovereignty, and sur
rendered any portion of it reluctantly.
It was evident that there should be a judi
cial power, somewhere, to pass upon the pues
tion of the constitutionality of State laws.
Therefore, it was provided that the Federal
Judiciary should have such authority. But
when the Fathers came to frame the Judiciary
Act, creating the Federal Courts authorized by
the Constitution, they stipulated for the dig
nity of the States and the uniformity of decis
ions. How f By directing that an attack upon
a State law must be made in a State Court,
from which an appeal lay to the Supreme
Court of the State, and from thence to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Oliver Ellsworth, of Massachusetts, was the
author of this method of testing the constitu
tionality of State laws by Federal Courts.
We write this in Florida, with no books of
reference at hand, but according to recollection
the original section of the Judiciary Act of
1789 is now 709 of the Revised Statutes.
W hat we know to be the fact is that the
Oliver Ellsworth method has never been
changed by Act of Congress. It is the law
of the land today. The Federal Judges of the
lower courts never dared to violate it until
the orgie of corrupt corporation rule set in
after the Civil War.
The present system of allowing every judge
of lower Federal Courts to halt State govern
ments and nullify State laws, destroys the
dignity of the State and renders impossible
a uniformity of decision.
n n *
Hobson 9 s Votes.
Richmond Pearson Hobson, of Alabama,
went to Congress as a Democrat and a repre
sentative of the Southern whites. His votes
prove that he is no Democrat, and no faithful
agent of the white people of the South.
In the matter of the negro soldiers who shot
up the town of Brownsville, Texas, Hobson
went over to the Republicans and the negroes.
His speech and his vote on that question are
a slap in the face to his own people. He won
applause at the North, —as he so often tries to
do: but the South should remember this
Brownsville vote against Hobson, and should
politically punish him for it.
In another particular. Hobson has been a
good Republican. He has spoken and voted
against economy in the public service. By his
eloquence and by his vote, he has co-operated
with the Republicans in adding enormously to
the annual expenses of the Government. His
conduct in doing this, at a time when our peo
ple are suffering severely from the Wall street
panic, SHOWS THAT HOBSON’S HEART
IS NOT WITH HIS OWN PEOPLE.
In the case of the Ship Subsidy steal, Hob
son was about the only Democrat who lined
up with the Republicans. Practically all the
Democrats voted against it. So rank was the
robbery contemplated by the bill that thirty
odd Republicans revolted, and opposed their
own leaders.
But the rotten measure was not too rank
for Hobson. He abandoned the Democrats,
joined the Republicans, and did his little best
to license a band of ship-owner thieves TO
STEAL EIGHTY MILLION DOLLARS
FROM THE PATIENT, OVER-LOADED
AMERICAN TAXPAYERS!
If Reb. Norton Said It, Reb. Norton Lied.
The following letter explains itself:
Ellaville, Ga., Route 2, March 10th, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr Watson:
Since the appearance of your article in refer
ence to the action of the South Georgia Conference
agreeing to raise $65,000 for foreign missions, one
Reverend C. A. Norton (a Methodist preacher sta
tioned at Ellaville, Ga.) says that ex-Governor Henry
D. McDaniel and yourself swindled the heirs of one
A. J. Roberts out of an estate worth $90,000, $15,000
of which went to the poor children of Green County,
and $75,000 to the heirs of a Mrs. Starks. He says
that McDaniel was Executor of the estate, and that
A. J. Roberts gave some valuable papers into your
keeping and you claimed that you lest them, and
a while after that the Court House was burned
down and all records with it, and a while after the
burning McDaniel and yourself each built a palatial
home, and have lived in luxury ever since. He,
C. A. Norton, says that he has been to your home
and has eaten bread with you, and that he thought
you a right good fellow then, but knowing you as
he does now, he would not believe you on your
oath.
Now, brother, this talk is likely to damage our
cause in this county (Schley). Will you, for the
sake of your old friends in old Schley, give a
full and plain account of the whole transaction in
your weekly Jeffersonian? I have always had per
fect confidence in you, and will continue to have
until I know of a truth that you are the rotten
hearted scoundrel this man says you are.
I am your friend, T. J. PILCHER.
Answer: I was never an associate with Ex-
Governor Henry D. McDaniel in any law case
whatsoever, so far as I can recall. I was never
an opposing counsel in any case, wherein he
was engaged, so far as 1 can remember.
The charge that Henry D. McDaniel ever
swindled any person, or any estate, out of $90,-
000, or other sum, is, in my judgment, an in
famous slander.
If ever 1 heard of the A. J. Roberts case, or
estate, before this, the fact escapes my
memory. Nor did I ever before hear of “the
heirs of Mrs. Starke.”
The man who says that 1 ever swindled the
Roberts estate, or any other estate, or any
person, out of $90,000, or any other sum, is an
unscrupulous liar.
If Henry D. McDaniel was Executor of the
Estate, he was in full possession and control
of it. Whatever that honest and able gentle
man did with the assets, was, I feel sure, done
according to law. If Ex-Governor McDaniel
is not incapable of cheating and swindling,
then we have nobody who is.
It may be possible that Rev. C. A. Norton
has, in years gone by, been entertained at my
house. If so, it is apparent that my hospi
tality has been too lax, and that I have opened
my doors and given room at my board to at
least one man who was unworthy of being
treated as a gentleman.
Not one cent did 1 ever get from the Estate
of A. J. Roberts, and never have I lost papers
that caused the loss of any Estate. No such
claim has ever been made. If there lives a
human being who had the right to make such
a claim, the presumption is that it would have
been made, for my residence is known and my
solvency unquestioned.
If Rev. C. A. Norton has long known what
rascals Ex-Governor McDaniel and I are, —as
he now admits—he should not have waited
until I exposed the present unnatural and un
scriptural method of doing foreign mission
work.
He ought to have exposed us years ago, in
order that we might have been compelled to
disgorge that $90,000 out of which we swindled
the “heirs of one A. J. Roberts.”
As the naii'2 of my friend, Ex-Governor H.
D. McDaniel has been pilloried by the Rev.
Norton, I hope that he will write to the Jeffer
sonian, and ted us what went with that ninety
thousand dollars. I repeat my belief that not;
a dollar of it we?i wrong. Thos. E. Watson.