V
SONE PAGES IRON NY SCRAP ROOK
SOME CONFEDERATE COMMANDERS.
Judging by the war records, President Jef
ferson Davis was a ‘ 1 good hater,” and that
doubtless accounts for the fact that General
Joseph E. Johnston, one of the ablest of his
generals, was not given such opportunities
to distinguish himself as his high character
as a soldier warranted, for the two quarreled
early in the war, and were never afterwards
on friendly terms with each other. General
Johnston confronted General McClellan in the
Peninsular campaign in 1862 for a short'time,
but was compelled to give up command on ac
count of being severely wounded. An over
whelming public demand constrained Mr. Da
vis to put Johnston in command of the Con
federate army in Georgia after the defeat of
Bragg at Chattanooga, but the task assigned
him—that of holding in check an army of
double the size of his own, and much better
equipped, under command of Sherman —was
one which no man could have successfully car
ried out, and when he was finally driven with
his entrenchments at Atlanta, President Davis
was swift to relieve him and put General J.
B. Hood in command, July 19, 1864. When
Sherman with his magnificent army of veteran
soldiers appeared in North Carolina in March,
1865, there was great consternation in the
Confederacy, and again the head of that gov
ernment, against his own desires, was com
pelled to restore Johnston to command in a
desperate effort to stay the progress of his
old antagonist, and here Johnston’s military
career ended. He had taken part in the first
battle of Manassas and had fought with Sher
man at Jackson, Mississippi, just before
Vicksburg was invested, but on neither oc
casion was his service conspicuous.
General Stonewall Jackson does not figure
prominently in the official records. He was
pre-eminently a fighter and not a writer of
orders or industrious in correspondence. It
would appear that he was not popular with
the Confederate army at the outset, but his
extraordinary ability as a commander soon
made itself felt and he became the idol of the
South, and second only tq,Lee in the affections
of his men. He always commanded infantry,
but he had a faculty of marching his force
with such remarkable swiftness that he was
constantly making his appearance in the Un
ion front at places and times entirely unex
pected. His men styled themselves “ Jack
son’s Foot Cavalry,” and there is a pathetic
suggestion of long, dusty marches; of pierc
ing rays of the sun; of weariness of body and
spirit, and of tender consideration for his
soldiers, in his last words, after receiving his
fatal wounds at Chancellorsville: “Let us
cross over the river and rest under the shade
of the trees.” The death of this great sol
dier was a heavy blow to the Confederacy, the
more distressing from the fact that he was
shot by his own men as the result of his rid
ing in front of his skirmish line after dark.
In the Union army he was esteemed as a man
of the purest character, firmly convinced that
he was fighting in a just cause.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
General G. T. Beauregard, who succeeded
General Albert Sidney Johnston on the battle
field of Shiloh, April 6, 1862, upon the death
of the latter, gave promise in the early stages
of the war of a career of the most distin
guished character. He commanded the Con
federate army in the first big battle of the
war—Manassas or Bull Run, in July, 1861 —
until General Joseph E. Johnston arrived, and
there was a general impression that he was a
man of superior military skill. After his de
feat &t Shiloh he was placed in command of
the defenses at Charleston, South Carolina,
and there remained until the summer of 1864,
when he was given command of the defenses
at Petersburg, Virginia. After the battle of
Chickamauga, in September, 1863, he outlined
a plan for the concentration of a large Con
federate army in Georgia, for the purpose of
getting in rear of the Union army at Chatta
nooga, and marching through Tennessee and
Kentucky. When the remnant of Hood’s
army, which escaped from Thomas at Nash
ville, was rounded up General Beauregard was
given command of it, and he was at the head
of a small force in North Carolina when Johns
ton surrendered to Sherman.
The only battle fought by General Albert
Sidney Johnston, was that of Shiloh where
he was killed in the first day’s engagement.
He was a man of the highest personal char
acter and when the war began was colonel
of the Second Regiment of United States cav
alry, of which Robt. E. Lee was lieutenant
colonel, and George H. Thomas and W. J.
Hardee were majors. He did not enter the
Confederate service until June, 1861, and
when he arrived in Richmond, coming over
land from California, where he had been in
command of the department of the Pacific,
there was great rejoicing. It is possible that
he might have remained loyal to the Union,
notwithstanding the pressure brought upon
him by family and friends in the South, had
the government shown a disposition to trust
him, but, fearing his influence upon the sol
diers under his command, and upon disloyal
elements in California, the War Department
hurried General E. V. Sumner out to Cali
fornia to relieve him of command. When the
United States troops were sent out to Utah
in the fall of 1858, Colonel Johnston was given
command of the expedition. He was a trained
soldier of wide experience, and would have
risen to a high place in the Confederate mili
tary service had he lived.
The records show that General Braxton
Bragg was not popular i? the army or out of
it after his return from his Kentucky cam
paign in 1862, though he retained the confi
dence and friendship of President Davis until
the end came. After the battle of Chickamau
ga, September 19 and 20, 1863, where Bragg
defeated Rosecrans, Mr. Davis was urged to
retire General Bragg and give Jeneral Joseph
E. Johnston command of the Western army.
Davis visited the army himself to learn the
condition of affairs, with the result that he
allowed Bragg to retain command until after
the battle of Chattanooga, November 23, 1863.
Referring to the conclusion reached by Mr.
on this visit, General W. W. McCall,
Bragg’s chief of staff, wrote to General Johns
ton, addressing him as “Dear Joe,” in a con
fidential manner, criticising the president’s
action and’ saying that he must have been
fully aware of Bragg’s unpopularity “with
the mass of generals.” A few days later
General McCall resigned his position on Gen
eral Bragg’s staff to become a member of
General Johnston’s staff. In December, 1861,
it was proposed to send P vo .gg out to Missouri
to take command of the Confederate army.
The Confederate war secretary, Benjamin,
wrote Bragg, then in command on the South
ern coast, that by reason of a discussion be
tween General Price and General McCullouch,
the Confederacy was threatened with grievous
disaster, and declaring that the Confederate
army in Missouri was represented to be “a
mere gathering of worn-out, undisciplined
troops, coming and going at pleasure, and
needing a master mind to control and reduce
it to order and convert it into a real army.”
The president and his war secretary had anx
iously scanned every name on the army list
and had invariably to fall back on that of
General Bragg as the man to command that
army. It was a complimentary proposition to
Bragg, but, in reply, he wrote that the field
was not enticing, with “an unclad, badly-fed
and badly-supplied mass of men, without in
struction, arms, equipment or officers. ”
The career of General N. B. Forrest as a
cavalry commander in the West was a re
markable one. Before the war he was a deal
er in slaves, and had had no military experi
ence, but from the beginning to the close of
the rebellion he was a source of unceasing
trouble to Federal commanders in that por
tion of the country, and inflicted great loss
upon the Union forces. He will go down in
history with his fame blackened by the merci
less slaughter by his men of negro soldiers at
Fort Pillow, Tennessee, in March, 1864, after
they had surrendered. Many pages of the war
records are given to the investigation of this
affair, ordered by the government. Copies of
a correspondence had between general C. C.
Washburne, the Federal commander at Mem
phis, and General S. D. Lee, Forrest’s im
mediate superior, were sent to Richmond,
where Forrest’s course was officially approved.
Forrest was an uneducated man and referring
to one of his letters written in this connection,
the Confederate secretary of war, Mr. Shed
don, said that it was neither elegant nor
strictly grammatical, but that the sense was
very evident.
General James Longstreet was one of the
most distinguished officers of the Confederate
army. The feeling of regard between himself
and General Lee is illustrated in their eorre
(Continued on Page Fifteen.)
PAGE THREE