• ■ - • • •. • ■■ . ■
C*l)£
Vol. 7, Number 7
Some Reasons to Sustain the Term:
• .x • - -4 r
“A Contemptible Little Demagogue”
IBISRSI
ir .■'
cotton-picking seasons, the men who are industrious can earn
from 75 cents to $3 per day. The women and children can earn
earn in due proportion. Therefore, by working six months,
the laborer can clear at least SSO or SIOO.
Almost anywhere in the South, you can find thinly peopled
regions where land, with fair improvements on it, can be had
for $4 or $5 per acre. As the year 1909 was running out, I
myself sold to Hillman Matthews, (Thomson, Georgia,) 160
acres of improved land for less than $5 per acre. The land is
average piney-woods gray land, with comfortable dwelling, the
customary outhouses, good pasturage, etc. The place is known
as “the Old Whittaker place”. It is near Silver Run church
and school-house; and not more than three miles from the rail
road towns, Harlem and Sawdust.
I bought the place some ten or fifteen years ago, at public
sale, for a little less than S7OO. Owing to the fact that the land
monopoly is a phantasm, so far as the South is concerned, I
was glad to have neighbor Matthew r s take the Whittaker place
off my hands at $750.
He bought it for a nephew (Mr. Robinson) who will soon
work out the purchase money and own a good home.
I cite that case as an example. It proves how unfounded
are the statements that poor men can not acquire landed prop
erty in this country.
Ten acres of land, properly tilled, will not only support any
family, but will produce a surplus. As I have already shown,
a worker can easily clear from SSO to SIOO in six months. With
either sum, he can purchase as-much land as is necessary for
the support of a family. If he’s so very particular that he
must have a slice of the Astor estate —why, that’s different.
But if he’s willing to go out in the country, where the frogs
“hollow”, and the doodles scoop inverted cones in the soil, and
the sandflies pester, and the screech owl comes to let you know
that somebody is soon to die, and where it’s lonesome in the
daytime and dark on moonless nights—he can get “access to
land”, on almost his own terms.
Consequently, when a certain Farmers’ Union editor, (who
has about as many qualifications for editing a paper as I have
for performing a surgical operation,) goes to publishing ar
ticles demanding that land ownership be restricted to his own
narrow notions, I called him
A Contemptible little Demagogue.
In this country, the land pays nearly all the taxes. Direct
ly and indirectly, Mother Earth supports everything and
everybody. Money, stocks, bonds, etc., laugh at the Law and
the Tax Collector.
But the owner of land does not laugh at tax rates and tax
collectors. No, sirree! The land can’t dodge or run away. An
. unscrupulous false-swearer (like Jim Smith, of Oglethorpe,)
can put an incorporated town in as a farm, and assess at $4 per
acre, land worth a hundred—but honest proprietors can’t do
things of that sort. When rich men can cheat the country and
State in that manner there’s corrupt collusion of some sort be
tween the millionaire and the county authorities.
Ordinarily, Grand Juries and Tax Receivers see to it that
the land pays all it can afford. Then, there are the houses to
keep repaired; wells to be dug and curbed: new roofs have to
be put on every few years; new curbing put in the wells; and
NY able-bodied man, who is willing to work with
his hands, can earn from sls to S3O per month, in
every rural community of the South, West, East
or North. This is notoriously true. During the
harvest season in the West, the packing season on
fruit and truck farms, the cotton-chopping and
Mfanta, Ga., Thursday, February 17, 1910
often another well dug. Then there is the wear and tear of the
land, the gradual decline of value under the tenant system, the
occasional loss of the rent, the dying of mules, the loss of
houses by fire, tne timber destroyed in the same way, etc., etc.
When you count it all up, the net income of the landlord, (in
the South, at least,) is less than our State banks make on lend
ing money.
Many farmers who could buy land prefer to rent. Why?
It is cheaper, in some communities: there is less bother, in many
cases: it leaves the farmer free to select another place: it re
lieves him of responsibility.
Consequently, when a certain Farmers’ Union editor, (who
is about as fit to run a newspaper as I am to calculate an
eclipse,) got to printing stuff calculated to sow discord and
strife between landlord and tenant, I did not hesitate to call
him
A Contemptible little Demagogue.
The American Merchant Marine consists, now, of more than
26,000 sailing vessels and ocean-going steamers —a larger num
ber than Great Britain herself can boast. Besides, the ships
carrying foreign flags, to the extent of 1,000,000 tons, belong
to Americans. Notmany of our vessels compete for the ocean
trade—but why ? Because the competition of the foreign ships
and tramp steamers, (from 75,000 to 100,000 ships,) has re
duced ocean freights so low that the American seeks a more
profitable field.
The Republican tariffs make it impossible to build vessels
in this country as cheaply as can be done abroad. The cost
here is about twice what it is in England, Scotland and Ger
many. If an American purchase his ship abroad, Republican
legislation denies him the right to use the American flag on his
property.
Mark Hanna, and other Republicans, saw that their tariff
laws had given the ocean-going business to the cheaper ships;
and of course they begrudged the foreigner the money he was
earning. So to drive him out, kill competition, and advance
freight rates, they began to clamor for Ship Subsidies.
To do away with the disadvantage which the tariff places
on the American ship-owner, they propose to dip their greedy
hands into your public funds, and to make you pay the differ
ence between the costly American vessel and its foreign rival.
The present situation is not hurting the farmer the least bit.
He is getting all the benefits of the liveliest competition.
More than 75,000 foreign ships and tramp steamers, all hus
tling for cargoes, have put ocean freights down to zero. If we
had similar conditions on the land, wed save tens of millions of
dollars a year in freight, passenger and express rates.
Working slyly and under cover, the Hannacrats tried to
capture the Farmers’ Union. Their first gun was fired in the
Galveston Convention last August. Those resolutions which
Jackson and Duckworth jammed through were prepared by
the Hannacrat Merchant Marine Teague. They were not put
before the Committee on Resolutions. The Convention voted
them without knowing their true intent. The Galveston News
and Houston Post expressed their astonishment at the slap
given to the Texas delegation which had voted in Congress
against the Ship Subsidy. The Marine League Magazine, The
American Flag, of September, last, hailed the resolutions as a
Ship Subsidy triumph— congratulating and praising Duck
worth and Jackson by name.
After which Duck published a three-page article, signed
T. F. Brooks, advocating a Ship Subsidy, to consist of money
(continued on page twelve)
Price, Five Cents