1910
WATSON’S MAGAZINE
SOCIALISM Mr. Watson will conclude his damning indictment. He will
deal with the origin of private property, and will examine
and tear to pieces the Socialist Bible, Karl Marx’s “Capi
- tai”.
ROMAN Following his case against Socialism, Mr. Watson will
C A THAT TPIQM wr it e a series of articles, laying bare the foul and bloody
HULIUIoIYI record of the Roman Catholic Hierarchy, and emphasizing
the people’s danger in allowing them to usurp authority in
America.
STORY OF This splendid story, which Mr. Watson will begin in the
TUI? CniTTU Magazine during 1910, will go down to posterity as one of
InE oUUlri the great literary achievements of the age. It will be dra-
AND WEST matic, tender and true. It will set a crown of glory on our
beloved Southland and the vast Empire of the West.
NAPOLEON From Napoleon’s letters to Josephine, and from a great
UP TO DATE mass recently published material, Mr. Watson has made
a new and remarkable pen picture of this marvelous man,
which will appear in Watson’s for 1910.
WATSONESOUE Each issue of 1910 will contain one of those charming per-
CUPTruvc sonal, biographical, or historical sketches, which have made
NKEICHES the name of Tom Watson beloved among literary folk
throughout the world.
ANDREW r * Watson now begins the most interesting period of his
story. Tn seeking for the causes which led up to the Civil
JACKSON War he opens up new historical paths, and clears the
ground of the rubbish and falsehood which have been
dumped upon it by Northern and partisan writers. These
were the dramatic years, of keenest interest to us today,
in the light of present and coming events, when Jackson
fought the proposed Central Bank, and smashed it; and
waged relentless war upon the robber Tariff.
THE DARK The fascinating plot of this story of Southern life today
CORNER k e developed an d ended in 1910.
SURVEY OF These illuminating comments, illustrated by cartoons, form
a complete history of the most noteworthy events of the
THE WORLD month.
FICTION The short stories and poetry will be well up to the standard.
nArTn v Many a happy little tale of human interest has been ar-
AND POEIRY ranged for publication in Watson’s Magazine for 1910.
Subscription and Renewal Price, SI.OO a Year
WATSON’S MAGAZINE, Thomson, Ga.
■■■■■■■■■■»■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■»■ ■!■■■■ IMil ii iii «TMMB»Miii~iMmmiiiTi»MTTTrr-rTmirTir. milirium~~w~iiwri warmliwrmr -th -t iii i n ■wibi
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in’every community. Fine railroad facilities and .excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
Read my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now, you
will need them later on.
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties —Charleston Wakefield, Successions, Augusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Flat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
IN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 6,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lots.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must come with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARISEY,
Grower of Plants.
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGETTS, S. C.
Box J.
MILLEDGEVILLE, GrEOFLGIA
We will discount by ten per cent, any better rates offered than ours,
d* _ - Our school is open day and night. Write for our new catalogue.
4/1 •OU buys my penmanship guide. R. H. BOND, Principal.
Jeffersonian
OURTEEN years ago how un
popular our doctrines were!
Twelve years ago how de-
i
F
V. i , J spised were the advocates of
these doctrines. Rotten eggs were
too good for the men who proclaimed
our political tenets. Gen. Weaver
was pelted with them in the city of
Macon, the seat of a university, and
of the oldest female college in the
world. This took place in a land
which boass of freedom of speech.
Wason, the flaming evangel of our
creed, went through the bloody Tenth
in 1892 with his life in his hand. It
is a marvel that he escaped.
Some met martyrdom. My boyhood
friend and schoolmate, John Hall, as
inoffensive a mortal as ever lived,
was shot in the back with a Winches,
ter and killed, as he drove off from a
Populist meeting, held in Jefferson
County in 1892. His only offense was
that he was a brave and true Popu
list. Somehow, I think he wears the
martyr’s crown.
I tried to make a speech in Colum
bus, in classic, cultured Columbus, in
1894, in explanation and advocacy
o fthese principles. The mossbacks
got brass bands and set up attrctions
nearby. They had platforms and
speechmakings near the theatre
where I spoke. It seemed a queer co
incidence, that of all the nights of
the year, the mossbacks should select
the night for their speech-mak
ing that had long been advertised for
my speech. But so it happened.
The theater where I tried to speak,
was packed from pit to peanut gal
lery. The nearby attractions did not
draw well. The people were either
hungry for the truth, or curious to
see W'hat manner of animal I was.
They flocked to the Populist meeting.
General Carey Thornton, always
full of life and hope, was delighted
at the apprent success of our meet
ing, at the big crowd and the enthu
siasm. I began my speech with the
full expectation .of being permitted
to have my say; but how vain are
human expectations! I had not fin
ished my introductory remarks, in
praise of free speech and cultured Co
lumbus, -when a difficulty suddenly
occurred in the middle aisles. As
quickly as one broke out in the left
aisle, then another in the rear, and
some on the right.
Blows seemed to be passing quick
and fast. Some pistols gleamed.
Panic and confusion reigned. Ladies
and their escorts left in haste; but
the gods of the peanut gallery were
delighted.
The policemen, scattered through
out the theatre, made no effort to
preserve order or quell the tumult.
As soon as I saw this, I comprehend
ed the situation.
These fights were sham battles.
Counter-attractions and speech-mak
ing failed, the roughs and toughs
about town, were engaged to break
up our meeting. Finally, after re
peated ecorts to speak, and after re
peated repetitions of these fights,
with pandemonium turned loose,
whenever I undertook to speak, I
abandoned all efforts to enlighten the
people of Columbus; and no doubt
Then and Now
By Judge James K. Hines
(Reprinted by request.)
this is why Columbus remained so
benighted politically until Hon. Hoke
Smith struck the scales from the eyes
of her people in 1905.
Our people encountered ridicule,
slander and abuse. It is harder to
face these things than minnie balls or
cannon shots. Yet with superb cour
age and with zeal born of disinterest
ed patriotism, our people stood by
their colors, and proclaimed their
principles.
The Farmers’ Alliance ushered in,
and the People’s Party fostered and
perpetuated, the greatest educational
movement of the nineteenth century.
Now how changed are the times!
How popular our doctrines have be
come!
Our fundamental doctrine of “equal
rights for all and special privileges
for none’’ has never before had such
a hold upon the public mind and con
science. It is the creed now of every
body. President Roosevelt, the Re
publican, and Wm. J. Bryan, the
Democrat, are proclaiming it as well
as Watson. Corporate officials
throughout the land are being prose
cuted, convicted and punished for the
violation of this principle.
“The election of all officers by the
people,” another one of our princi
ples, and an important one, has been
put into practice in Georgia, since we
began to agitate it. If we but reflect
how few officials were elected by the
people, when we raised this cry in
behalf of popular government, and
then consider that all officers are now
practically elected by the people, we
will see how widespread this doctrine
has become. We cite only the case
of the judiciary. At the beginning of
this crusade, no judge in Georgia was
elected by popular vote, except the
justices of the peace; and now they
are all elected. The result has been
that judicial tyranny has been wiped
out in our State courts.
“Government ownership of rail
roads,” was a stumbling block in our
path in 1894. It then met a hostile
reception at the hands of the public.
Now it is a general favorite. The
I nited States Government has ac
quired and is operating the Panama
Railroad, which spans the Isthmus of
Panama, and connects the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans. Nobody went
into convulsions over it. Some months
•go the Chamber of Commerce of At
lanta passed resolutions endorsing the
extension of the State Road to the
sea. The Democratic State Conven
tion; which met at Macon on Septem
ber 4, 1906, endorsed this extension.
The Atlanta Journal in its last three
Sunday editions, in three long and
strong editorials, boldly advocates the
building of the State road to deep
water.
It almost takes my breath! Just
think for a moment what a harvest
the seed, which the Populists sowed
in 1892 and afterwards, is bringing
forth —more than a hundred-fold.
I could write pages on this subject,
but this article is too long.
The is a wide field of usefulness
for The Jeffersonian, a field covered
by no other paper. May it prosper
:d live long.
PAGE NINETEEN