PAGE FOURTEEN
SAW, LATH Mil I C
AND SHINGLE I'IiLLJ
Engines, Boilers, Shafting,
Pulleys, Belts, Pipe, Injectors.
LOMBARD, Augusta, Ga.
13 EGGS $1.30
•
I will sell Barred Plymouth Rock (Thompson
strain) or White Wyandotte (Duston strain) at
the above price. My Wyandottes are pure white
and heavy layers. My Rocks are almost perfect
in color, full size and lay all the time.
Wakefield Poultry Yards, W. A. Liles, Prop.
I I linC? catc b y° u mor* fish than
II 11 .IL ■ IIIn I V°u ever dreamed of catch
| I 11. Jlll ing. Oldest and best pre-
pared bait manufactured.
Indorsed by sportsmen everywhere. Absolutely guaranteed.
If you want to puli them out fast, and always take home a
big string, write today. Postpaid, 25 cents. Stamp for cata
j ogue and FREE PACKAGE offer.
GREAT WESTERN SUPPLY CO.
Dept. 4, Lebanon, Ohio
SELL FRUIT TREES.
Wanted —100 salesmen. You make money by
our plan. Best terms. Write at once.
UPSON NURSERIES.
Yatesville, Oa.
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
AGENTS WANTED
To sell Monuments and Tombstones. Agent’s
outfit furnished free of charge. References re
qulred. North Georgia Marble, Works, Wood
stock, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkajusas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indiatrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample eepy.
FARM AND RANCH, Delias. Tex.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
TEACHERS WANTED.
Fifty teachers wanted for schools to begin
this summer and fall. Write us for good po
sitions. Schools and School Boards furnished
with good teachers free.
Empire Teachers’ Agency, Avera, Ga.
•
Peanuts are now becoming one of the most
popular and profitable crops. They need to
be planted as soon as the ground is warm, cul
tivated well, and harvested in August or early
in September, so as to cure before the fall
rains.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
A GLIMPSE OF BELL BOYD, THE CON
FEDERATE SCOUT AND SPY.
(Continued from Page Three.)
iences. In front a well-designed iron fence.
At the gate was a wide cement walk leading
to the porch. The cornice on the house and
poreh was decorated with brackets and upto
date moldings. Blinds painted; some of
them open, some closed. The front yard was
decorated with roses and other flowers.
We stopped at the gate. Miss Boyd passed
in, leaving the gate open, supposing, of course,
I would follow and close it. I closed the
gate, leaving her standing inside. Beginning
to comprehend my situation, I, as the sol
diers would say, wanted to il skedaddle.” Bell
Boyd was not a hunter who would let her
game escape. She stepped to the gate, pulled
back the spring latch, opened the gate about
two feet towards herself, and, with the most
winning smile that ever graced a lady’s face,
said: “Come in, please,” as naturally as
water runs down hill. The words came into
nay naind: 11 ‘Come into nay parlor,’ said the
spider to the fly.” Like the fly, I went in,
and of all the stings and bites ever a fly got,
I got them.
After closing the gate, we went to the
porch. At the steps I stopped. She lightly wont
up onto the porch floor, turned, extending her
hands towards nae, and with a snaile said:
“Shall I assist you?” I thought, “Libby;
let ’er rip.” Took her hand, went up onto
the floor. She stepped to the door, which was
a large, double one, opened wide enough to let
an army wagon train through, with an arched
transom window over the door. She opened
one-half of the door. With hand on the knob
and a chuckling laugh she said: “Come into
the parlor, please.” I saw and knew it was
Libby prison, or Andersonville. I didn’t
care a d —n which. Like the fly, I went into
the spider’s parlor. She pointed to a well
cushioned arm-chair, where I could receive
her bites and stings easily. On the floor was
a fine, flowered Brussels carpet, soft and
warm. On the wall hung historical pictures
of Columbus discovering America, Surrender
of Burgoyne, Valley Forge, Landing at Ply
mouth Rock.
She passed out of the parlor. I thought
“this is hell refined.” In a few moments she
came back. It was heaven. She seated her
self on a cushioned chair in front of me. I
spoke boastfully of our brave soldier boys.
Now came my first sting. She replied by
saying: “Your brave boys, mercy knows, arc
bold and brave enough, but your generals are
cowards, demented at that.” In a military
sense she was right. Like any fly, I squirmed
and wriggled, while she gave a look of satis
faction, triumphant. You may think God’s
angels won’t sting, but I know they will; one
stung me nigh unto death. Her name was
Bell Boyd.
“If you are endowed with common sense,
there is no necessity for your remaining in ig
norance. ”
A representative being asked the altitude
of his county, answered: “I think they are
mostly Methodists and Baptists.”
BRYAN AS A POLITICAL CAPTAIN OF
INDUSTRY.
(Continued from Page Two.)
for his recent written debates with Senator
Beveridge in a magazine.
Yet before he was nominated for President
Mr. Bryan’s average income as a lawyer wr<
about a thousand dollars a year, and his sal
ary as political editor of the Omaha Woi
Herald at the time of his nomination was
only SI,BOO a year.
This ability of Mr. Bryan to accumulate
money while honestly spreading his doctrires
and keeping up the spirit of his followers is a
neccessary corollary of his stern and uncom
promising attitude toward trusts and all man
ner of plutocratic evil-doers. From a polit
ical standpoint his system is in the nature of
an invention.
Let the Wall street conspirators in the Dem
ocratic party attempt to organize trouble in
any part of the country by picking out and
supporting a conservative candidate for the
presidency. As soon as the movement bu o ins
to attract attention it will happen that Mr.
Bryan is to lecture —for 50 per cent of the
ticket money—in the particular State or
neighborhood where the conservative candi
dacy is being pressed. The “original Bryan
men” simultaneously announce in the local
newspapers that a banquet or reception meet
ing is to be held in Mr. Bryan’s honor on the
occasion of his visit. This forces politicians
to join in the compliment or run the risk,
of inviting the vengeance of Bryan men at
the next election.
The result is a stir in the local newspapers,
interviews, an active discussion in political
circles, paying audiences at Mr. Bryan’s lec
tures, a rattling political speech from him, and
a series of confidential political conferences,
in which his manly, good-natured and magnet
ic way of dealing with voters —a breezy, fa
miliar clap on the shoulder for one, a vaguely
exalted epigram for another, a pointed jo- **
for still anothef, and a defiance of Wall
street, Cleveland, Ryan, Belmont and the 11 sub
sidized press” for all —soon frightens the lo
cal conservative politicians into inactivity or
a hurried acceptance of “peerlessness” as a
regrettable but inevitable element in the su
preme Democratic leadership.
It is hard to find a politician who does not
realize that if Mr. Bryan cannot himself
be elected President of the United States, r-o
man in his party can succeed against his op
position or without his hearty approval.
But how could Mr. Bryan travel constantly
about the country, hire halls and bring au
diences together if he had to foot the bills
himself? Where would he get the money?
How would he support his family? How would
he keep the Commoner going? How would
he acquire United States bonds as a comfort
and guarantee against increasing years and a
possible decline of radical sentiment?
Mr. Bryan is open and honest about his bus
iness success. He makes no secret of his
profits.
“With proper tactics, woman’s influence
over man is almost unlimited; then why not
use it for good?”