PAGE TWELVE
How Lon Livingston, One of the
Deserters, Is Attempting to
Deceive the People
(concluded from page one)
had it not been for the twenty-three Demo
crats who came to him, the new tariff law
could not have been enacted. That speech
has been printed by Congress for circulation,
by the hundreds of thousands, and not a sin
gle one of those Democratic Deserters has any
desire to provoke the derision of the House
by any attempt at denial.
Let every constituent of those Deserters de
mand of them a copy of Cannon’s speech at
Kansas City, last November?
Let every constituent of Livingston, How
ard, Lee, Edwards, and Brantley test the mat
ter, by demanding that each of those Desert
ers take the floor, in open session of Congress,
and deny Cannon’s statement.
That is a simple, convincing way of getting
at the whole truth. Make the demand, Mr.
Voter, and then watch to see the Deserter
squirm out of complying with it.
They can't do it. Cannon told the truth
on them, every man who is posted knows it.
The Deserters hope to confuse the minds of
the people, by just such disingenuous letters
as Livingston writes; but they know better
than to try it on their colleagues in Congress.
Oh, yes, it is true that Livingston voted
against the new tariff law. The Republicans
didn’t need his vote, THEN. They had
enough votes to pass the bill themselves.
The only time that the Cannon machine
needed Lon and the other twenty-two traitors,
was when the old rules, trivially modified,
were adopted. The Cannon machine needed
Livingston, then, AND THEY GOT HIM.
He not only gave his vote but his time, his
talent for intrigue and for deception.
“Joe, I’ve got you another Georgia vote.”
“That’s good, Lon.”
Yes, that was the dialogue; and Livingston
will not dare to deny it on the floor of the
House.
Show This to the Old Pops Whom
the Socialists Have Deceived
What Henry Clay was to the Whigs, what
Andrew Jackson was to the Democrats, what
Garrison and Phillips were to the Abolition
ists, Herr Bebel has been to Socialism.
In their conventions, in their literature,
and in the German Parliament, Ae has been
their Moses. He lays down the law for them.
He is their Mahomet, their Confucius, their
Christ. For more than thirty years, he has
been the one leader whose recognition was
world-wide. General Booth, of the Salvation
Army, has exercised little greater influence
over his followers, than Bebel has over So
cialists.
Yet, when I examined his vile book,
“Woman Under Socialism”, and proved from
it that the Socialists are headed for Free
Love and universal immorality, an old Popu
list, of Ruston, Louisiana, wrote me a violent
and abusive letter, the gist of which was that
Bebel is “an obscure German’’’, whom it was
“perfidious” in me to quote as an authority
on Socialism!
Because the Ruston man had been sensible,
(his having been a Pop proved that,} I took
the trouble to write him, trying to set him
right, as to Bebel. Nothing doing. He got
madder than ever; and Ephraim is “jined”,
for good, I guess.
The New York Call, is a daily paper, and
the recognized organ of Socialism. Its editor
is Daniel De Leon, who translated Bebel’s
filthy book into English. The translator, in
his Preface, eulogized and indorsed “Woman
Under Socialism”.
Ksbe Jeffersonian
On February 22, 1910, there appeared in
the Call an article whose headline is:
“A MESSAGE OF CONGRATULATION TO
AUGUST BEBEL FROM THE NATIONAL WOM
AN’S COMMITTEE OF THE SOCIALIST PARTY.”
The party here meant is the American So
cialist Party.
In this message to Bebel, his book is praised
in the highest terms; and his position as to
Free Love is most fervently indorsed. The
signers of the mesage are—Meta L. Stern,
Theresa Malkiel, Dr. Antoinette Konnikow,
Marv Wood Simons and Winnie Bransetter.
*/
In the New York Sun of March 4, 1910,
was published a special cable dispatch from
London, which gave a report of one of
George Bernard Shaw’s public addresses.
Shaw has international fame as an author,
and as a Socialist. If any living man fore
sees more clearly than Bebel does what So
cialism would do for mankind, he is George
Bernard Shaw.
In the speech which was cabled to the Sun,
the English leader and expounder of Social
ism declared marriage, as well as prop
erty, must be abolished. He argued that So
ciety must be given the right to destroy such
of its members as were “undesirables”.
He advocated the breeding of men to wom
en, and of women to men on the principle
which prevails in the breeding of cattle, dogs,
hogs, etc. That is, he favored the establish
ment of a “Department of Eugenics”, which
should have the power to select mates for men
and women, crossing the breed according to
physical and temperamental defects or excel
lences.
In working out Socialist ideals, in this di
rection, it might be necessary, he said, to
make some provision whereby “women can
become mothers without having to live do
mestically with the fathers of their children”.
That address was heard and applauded by
a great audience of English people. They
understood that Shaw was giving them the
genuine article—AND HE WAS!
That’s Socialism. That is what is being
taught in Europe and in our own big cities.
That is what they publish in European books,
papers and magazines. That's what the city
Socialists of the North and West believe in,
right here in the United States.
And that’s the reason why Eugene Debs,
Fred Warren, Upton Sinclair, Robert Hun
ter, Victor Berger, etc., do not answer my de
mand for a definition of Socialism, on those
special points. I have been rubbing 'my fist,
right under their noses, DARING THEM
TO COME OUT. LIKE HONEST MEN,
AND DEFINE SOCIALISM, in its relation
to Religion, the Home, the Marital Relation,
Social Equality, and Private Property.
EUGENE DEBS is quick to write and
quick to speak; but he 7N AN DUMB AN
AV OYSTER ON THOSE POINTS. So is
the turbulent anarchist, Fred Warren. So is
Robert Hunter, who went heiress-hunting
when he married.
The terrified silence into which my fair, le
gitimate questions threw these representative
and nationally known leaders of Socialism,
ought to be sufficient, in itself, to convince
the old Pops that they are being duped.
Who could have believed, ten years ago,
that such a hideous harangue as that of
George Bernard Shaw would be applauded
in London?
Who could have foreseen that the National
Woman’s Committee of the National Social
ist Party of America would have publicly
and rapturously welcomed such an obscene
work as Bebel’s “Woman Under Socialism”?
The essence of the doctrine of Bebel and
Shaw is, that sexual promiscuity must take
the place of our one-wife system. Men and
women should—they claim—be as free to
gratify the sex desire, as to eat when hungry!
Like the yearlings of the herd, let young
people follow the promptings of Nature. It’s
nobody’s business, and “no unsolicited judge
may interfere”. Bebel so argues; and Amer
ican women, representing the National So
cialist Party, cable their enthusiastic indorse
ment.
To this extravaganza of day-dreaming;
G. B. Shaw adds the “Eugenic Department”.
Men are to be chosen who will resolve So
ciety into a vast, conglomerated and adulter
ous
“HUMAN CATTLE - BREEDING ASSOCIA
TION.”
The crossing of the high type with the
low, for the purpose of improving the lower,
offers fine prospects for the higher, doesn’t it?
Heavens above! Think of accepting any
such doctrine in a country where we have ten
or twelve millions of negroes, and where the
low-type immigrant is already a national
menace !
Haven’t they been denying this Free Love
business ? Yes. But where ? In those South
ern and Western communities whose people
abhor it. In Texas, in Missouri, in Arkansas,
in Oklahoma, in Florida vehement denials
have been made, and I have been violently
abused as the slanderer of Socialism.
But you can rub it in on them, now.
The National Committee of their National
Party— the women, at that —havg come out,
in away that leaves no retreat possible, and
committed themselves—with “gladsome” con
gratulations for the Free Love German who
has shown them the way to sexual freedom!
And there is every reason to believe that
these Socialists of the big cities, in America,
are adjusting preachment to practice.
Men and Brethren ! How A bout
a Co-Operative Club?
Owing to the increasing popularity of The
Jeffersonian, we have doubled our circula
tion in the past six months, and each issue of
the paper runs from twenty to twenty-four
pages. There will be more than 30,000 copies
of the April Magazine issued.
This will appear Very Big to some editors,
and Ridiculously Small, to some others.
We have no organization behind us, no
capital-stock resources, and no vested “Inter
ests” giving us luscious advertising. But we
are gaining, day by day, and doing it rapidly.
Now, how about your helping us a little
bit? Would you be willing to hand six copies
of The Jeffs to six men of your acquaintance
—men who are liberal enough to read the
paper ?
IF SO, SEND US YOUR NAME, EARN
OUR HEARTY THANKS, AND DO A
SERVICE TO HUMANITY.
You know that The Jeffs are a benefit to
all who read them; consequently, you will be
doing a good thing for the country, by in
creasing their circulation.
In writing, remember that THOMSON is
one of the dozen names of my town.
Here’s One Socialist Who Regains
His Sanity
In his issue of March 4 the editor of the
Girard Journal, Girard, Alabama, says:
“In our first issue we announced that the
Journal’s politics would be Socialistic. Since that
time developments have proven to us that we are
not so confoundedly sure about that thing, and
when the recognized Socialist authorities refused
to accept Tom Watson’s dare, we determined to
withdraw.”
That’s manly. When one has made a mis
take, the best thing to do is to confess it; and
then get right again.
Socialism is being presented in one way to
the city people, and in quite another to the
country folks.
In the cities, the creed calls for the public
«ar