PAGE EIGHT
<sl)e
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
‘Xm _
ATLANTA, GA.,NOVEMBER 26,1908.
Mr. J. IV. Forrest and His Call For a
Meeting of 'Radicals.
During the closing days of the Presidential
campaign, Mr. Jay W. Forrest, chairman of
the Populist Campaign Committee, called a
meeting at Cooper Union in New York and
advised his hearers to vote for Debs, the So
cialist candidate.
Upon paper bearing the letter-head of the
“People’s Party National Campaign Commit
tee,” Mr. Forrest is now sending out letters
asking for signers to a call for a meeting of
the Radicals at St. Louis, on December 3rd,
1908.
As a private citizen Mr. Forrest has a per
fect right to “call” just as many meetings as
he likes, but as a member of our Committee
he has no authority to do anything of the kind.
James H. Ferriss is chairman of the Populist
National Committee, and if any single mem
ber of the committee has the right to officiallv
call a conference, it is Ferriss.
It would serve no good purpose to explain
how Mr. Forrest came to be made Campaign
Manager, nor to speak of his conduct during
the campaign, but we feel it to be a duty that
we owe our Comrades to advise them to
IGNORE MR. FORREST AND HIS PRO
POSED “MEETING OF THE RADICALS.”
In due time, those Populists and Jefferso
nian Democrats who mean business will reach
an agreement as to the time and place for a
meeting.
We Southern people can take care of the re
form movement in the South. The West has
good men who can lead in the work out there.
If Mr. Forrest can do anything, anvwhere, it
is in his own State of New York. Yet he put
out no electoral ticket in his own State, nor in
anv other Eastern or Northern State.
Why should a Populist Committeeman, who
has no following at home and who advises his
own people to vote thp Socialist ticket, claim
the leadership of “the Radicals?”
It is absurd. M i?
Is the Panic Ober ?
Neither Bryan nor Taft would touch the
money question during the recent fight over the
spoils of office.
Onlv the briefest mention did either of these
candidates make of the Panic.
Yet it was the panic which, with the terrible
stamp of its foot, called into existence the
Armv of the Unemploved. It was the panic
which crowded the side-tracks with empty,
idle cars. It was the nanic which closed the
mills, brought down the price of cotton and
lost to the farmer hundreds of millions of dol
lars.
And what caused the havoc-making Panic?
The congestion of money in New York City.
And how did this congestion come about?
Congress took from the Government the sov
ereign power of creating all the monev. surren
dered to the National banks a part of this sov
ereign nower. and enacted other laws which
made New York the greatest of the cash re
serve cities.
New York bankers conspired, drew into their
coffers the available cash supply of the nation,
3effersonian
refused to turn it loose, refused to allow, de
positors to draw their own money out of bank,
destroyed Public Confidence, and the business
world went to smash because there was no
money to transact business with.
The Panic and the Monev Question are as
closely related as were the Siamese Twins, vet
Bryan and Taft shied off from the one vital
issue upon which the whole country could have
been interested.
The panic is on us yet. It has been on its
ever since last October. It will be felt for at
least another year. Money is tight, collections
are bad, business languishes, and the common
people are in distress. The Trusts alone are
prospering,—and among the d'rusts we include
the Railroads and the national banks.
The law gives to these favored ones the pow
er to fatten upon the unprivileged millions, and
they are not losing any flesh. The Steel Trust,
the Standard Oil, the Sugar Trust, the Beef
Trust and the Tobacco Trust are all raking in
enormous profits in spite of the panic; but the
common people are suffering, and this winter
is going to be a hard one for the poor.
M I? I?
Where is the Southern Cotton Association.
How dearly the American people love to be
humbugged!
An ex-hotel clerk, of the name of Harvie
Jordan, pretends to be the President of an agri
cultural organization, and the newspapers of
the land, taking Harvie’s word for it, really
seem to believe that the Southern Cotton As
sociation is an actual, tangible living thing.
As a matter of fact, there was such an or
ganization a few years ago. Farmers joined it
by the thousand. But the manufacturers,
bankers, guano lobbyists, railroad agents, and
bucket-shop gamblers joined it also, —until the
motley concern looked like a strange gathering
of black bass and white suckers.
Every time Harvie called a rousing conven
tion and brought the-Spinner and the Grower
into closer relations, his success was brilliant,
for, after the meeting, the black bass swam off
with a bellyful of white sucker.
In due course, Harvie himself turned out to
be a fish of the black bass variety, and he and
Joe Hadley —a whopping big black bass —
lunched together most amicably off the inno
cent suckers.
So it came to pass that the farmers dropped
out of Harvie’s Southern Cotton Association,
and nothing was left in the pond but black
bass, — “trout,” as we untutored Georgians are
accustomed to calling them. It may be that
a handful of manufacturers, guano lobbyists,
national bankers, and cotton speculators would
respond to the call, were Harvie to attempt to
have a convention of the Southern Cotton As
sociation.
But, excepting the faithful Walter Clark of
Mississippi, not a single farmer is now an ac
tive members of Harvie’s stranded organiza
tion, —so far as we can learn.
In Georgia, Harvie could not drum up a
dozen farmers in any county to follow his lead.
Tn Georgia, the Southern Cotton Association
is a dismal recollection. And so it is in every
other state, —so far as we can learn.
Os course, if Harvie Jordan and the faithful
Walter Clark desire to have themselves called
The Southern Cotton Association, we have no
kick to make. There’s no law “agin it,” so
far as we know.
But because we have a genuine respect for
Walter Clark, we beg him to carefullv reflect
upon two facts:
First; Harvie Jordan’s paper, The Cotton
Journal, in the Spring of this year, published
the very sort of reports about the condition of
the crops that were calculated to help the Wall
Street “bears.” The Cotton Journal’s reports
were logically followed by low prices.
Second; Harvie Jordan was the champion
of the cotton grower who wanted a better
price for his cotton, yet, during the progress of
this struggle for higher prices, Harvie Jordan
was, on the most intimate terms, the associate
of Joe Hoadley, a notorious Wall Street specu-
lator, who was THEN leading a bear raid
against cotton.
In New York, Harvie was Joseph’s guest;
in Atlanta, Joseph was Harvie’s guest; and
when Harvie called his Birmingham Conven
tion, Joseph was one of the wolves that Harvie
invited to meet the sheep.
Can you explain this in such away as will
clear the skirts of Harvie?
Mr. Perryman ’s Questions.
Some friend has sent us a clipping from the
Augusta Chronicle, a daily paper which is fi
nanced by two Republican capitalists, each of
whom is the president of a railroad corpora
tion.
The Republican ownership of the Chronicle
would not be peculiarly interesting were it not
for the fact that the paper is a journalistic ex
ponent, defender and propagandist of pure, un
defiled, unterrified and rock-ribbed Democracy.
We have long been of the opinion that those
Democrats who take their Democracy from a
paper owned and controlled by two Republi
cans, one of whom is a Northerner and neither
of whom is a native Georgian, afford a most
edifying example of the manner in which our
people can be duped by their newspapers.
These two Republicans have been so bitter
and unscrupulous in their warfare on Mr. Wat
son, that he long since quit reading their paper.
Only when somebody sends a clipping, do we
know what these wealthy corporation Repub
licans are saying in their Democratic Chroni
cle.
Mr. Perryman wrote, from Lincolnton, Ga.,
inquiring of the Chronicle whether it were
true that the Georgia delegation was insulted
at the Denver Convention. He also asked
whether it were true that a delegate who pro
posed a resolution eulogizing Gen. Robt. E.
Lee, was hissed and hooted down.
The reply which the Chronicle made to Mr.
Perryman is a remarkable specimen of side
stepping.
The Jeffersonian will answer Mr. Perry
man’s questions; we hope the facts will be
kept fr ( esh in the minds of the people.
The Georgia delegation was insulted. Be
cause it refused to make Bryan’s nomination
unanimous, and because it did not take part
in the idiotic performance of yelling one hour
and forty-eight minutes for Bryan, the Geor
gia delegation aroused the wrath of the West
ern delegates. These delirious Bryanites hoot
ed the Georgians, jeered-at them, tried to take
their flag away from them, and were only pre
vented from doing so by delegate West, of
Lowndes County, who drew his knife, and
threatened to use on the first man that touched
the banner. All this while, the Haskell brass
band was tramping around the Georgia dele
gation and playing “Marching through Geor
gia.”
We have talked with several of the Georgia
delegates who were present and in the midst
of this scene, and they expressed the hottest
indignation at the brutal way in which they
were treated.
As to the General Lee episode, the facts are
equally clear: :
Brvan, born and reared in Illinois, sent to
his Denver Convention a Resolution praising
Abraham Lincoln. Since Mr. Lincoln was a
Republican, it was something unusual for a
Democratic Convention to go out of its way to
pass a resolution of that sort.
Still, Bryan thought it would win him votes,
and the Convention voted the Resolution
through with a whoop. That’s all right; we
would have supported the Resolution had we
been there, —however much we might have de
plored its introduction into that convention.
For, we would have guessed that some
Southern delegate would want to offset the
Lincoln Resolution by one in favor of Jeffer
son Davis.
And we wouldn’t have been far wrong in the
guess, for it happened that after the Demo
cratic Convention had gone out of its wav to
honor the memory of our great and good Pres-