THE SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD
By DADDY JIM
THE FIRST RULE.
We are receiving some appeals for help,
and are now investigating the cases. That
work costs money, for stamps and clerical
services, which brings us to our first rule:
AU appeals for financial aid must be accom
panied by written references from a postmas
ter and a physician.
WORK IN THE SUNNY SOUTH.
Uncle Charlie has sent me a long list of
deserving cases in the South. Some are very
pitiful, and we hope our readers who live
near them will render all the help they can.
Joseph Morphew, Trade, Tenn.: Confined to
bed for twelve years. Has organic heart disease,
and chronic disease of the liver. Lives in a
wretched, leaky little cabin, with his poor old
mother. She gathers roots in the summer for a
living. They need money for food, fuel and
treatment. Sad and very worthy case. Please
help them.
Lizzie Brooks, Berryville, Ark.: Shut-in for
twenty years. Send her some sunshine.
Fred W. Bizell, R. F. D. 2, Newton Grove, N.
C. Twenty-eight years old. Terribly crippled
from rheumatism. Joints are ossified. Cannot
reach below his knees. Also has spinal curva
ture. Give this poor soul all the help you can.
Fanny B. Leeson, 306 Martin street, Raleigh,
•N. C. Bed-ridden nineteen years. She is only
thirty. Send some sunshine into her shut-in life
of misery.
C. B. Anderson, Newbern, Va. Has been
stricken blind. Has had much trouble and afflic
tion. Send him some cheery letters. Encourage
him all you can.
Mrs. L. C. Vass, Box 11, Fancy Gap, Va., Rt. 2.
Mrs. Vass is old and crippled, but still manages to
work. Send her some cheery letters.
Josiah C. Smith, Bemidji, Miss. Unable to do
manual labor, and nearly blind. Has a wife and
ch.' J Grateful for any help. Highly recom
mended.
Mamie C. Kemp, Brier, Miss. Miss Kemp
writes: “I am poor and want work to do at
home, and can’t get any”. She does not say that
she is a shut-in, and does not send references.
James Gilliam, Klondike, Tenn., Rt. 1. James
is fifty-one years old, and has been a shut-in for
thirty-five years. He is poor and needy. Send
him all the sunshine you can; he is very worthy.
Lily Brush, Kenton, Tenn. Poor, delicate,
sickly girl, unable to work. Has old, afflicted
father. Needs food, clothing and treatment.
Highly recommended. Help her all you possibly
can.
Mary Ellen Willis, Barnesville, Ga., Rt. 3.
Needy shut-in.
Oliver Gilrath, Pilot Mountain, Tenn. A crip
ple for life. Wants to learn to be an architect.
Has no means. Can anybody give him advice? •
Rosie E. Joyce, Spencer, Va. Shut-in. Would
like cheery letters. Grateful for any financial
help. Sad and very worthy case.
Maggie Riddling, Pecan Gap, Texas. Shut-in.
Sister has died recently, and left two children for
her and her mother to support. Maggie does
nice fancy sewing. Cut out the goods and send it
to her, with the thread to work, and she will do
the job at a reasonable price. A dime shower
also would be acceptable.
Mary Fuller, Box 2, Kelly, Ky. Young girl of
seventeen. Has spinal trouble. Wants quilt
pieces, silk or worsted, post-cards, or anything
you care to send her, including a dime shower.
Joe. Barker, Stanley, N. C. Young man, unable
to walk. Would appreciate cheery letters, post
als, good reading, and anything that will brighten
his life.
Mrs. J. B. Wibourn, Marble Valley, Ala. Wants
clothes and reading matter for two daughters,
twelve and twenty years old, respectively, and
both invalids. Any other articles that can be
handily used by an impoverished family will be
gratefully received. Excellent references.
Roy G. Brown, Wolf Summit, W. Va., Rt. 1.
Helpless invalid for many years. Send a quarter
for his booklet. It’s well worth the price. Very
worthy case.
W. H. Warner, Keystone Park, Hillsboro Co.,
Fla. Wants to adopt an amiable, cheerful girl,
from fourteen to thirty years old. May be a par
tial cripple, or will give home to a widow with
child. Best of references.
X
Jeffersonian
Mrs. Janie Bedwell, Spring Garden, Ala., Rt. 1.
Poor shut-in, grateful for any assistance. Would
like cheery letters and quilt pieces.
Victoria Butler, Decaturville, Tenn. The post
master says: “Miss Butler is a helpless, penniless
invalid, and worthy of all the aid you can give
her.” Her mother, too, is a helpless invalid. Both
are facing the poorhouse. Do all you can for
them.
Spencer Holder, Quebec, Tenn. Helpless in
valid, has to be fed. Has a wife and four chil
dren, too small to work. Will be grateful for
any help.
Callie D. Barefoot, Four Oaks, N. C., Rt. 2.
Helpless with rheumatism for twenty-two years.
Grateful for any assistance.
Blanche E. Browne, Denver, S. C. Miss
Browne, who is iif ill health and no longer able
to work, wants you to'send her old stamps, and
also foreign stamps. Modern canceled stamps
(domestic) not wanted.
Catharine Erasure, Lulu, Fla. Old and poor,
send her a little sunshine.
Mattie Chambers, Calvert City, Ky. Helpless
invalid. Send her some sunshine.
Miss D. Harper, Joppa, Ala., Rt. 1. Shut-in.
Wants reading matter.
Johnny Adkins, Racoon, W. Va. Wants can
celed stamps of all kinds, also old coins and
curios. Johnny is grateful for previous favors.
Burtney Barefoot, Four Oaks, N. C. Has been
an invalid for eighteen years. Would like good
reading matter (no junk), cheery letters, postals
and a few dimes.
Lillie Brush, Kenton, Ky. Suffering with liver
and lung trouble. Greatly in need of help. Finest
references. Send twenty-five cents for a bottle of
her face cream. Do all you can for her.
Mrs. Henry K. Herring, Garland, N. C. Sick
and suffering, poor and needy; husband cannot
leave her bedside to go to work. An operation
might restore her health, but she has no means.
Mrs. Herring writes beautifully. Do your best
for her.
This is only part of Uncle Charlie's list.
We will publish others next week. If you
know of any needy and helpless ones in your
neighborhood, whom you can honestly recom
mend as worthy of help, send us their names
and a word or two about their condition.
SO MANY NEED HELP.
I want to be a working member of your
Sunny South Brotherhood. It is not much I
can give, so many near me need help; but I
will do what I can.—Mrs. A. L. Wall, Madi
son, Ga.
STRUCK THE KEYNOTE.
We are in for the Sunny South Brother
hood. You have certainly struck the keynote
to Home Missions. Inclosed we hand you a
check for $2.00 to help defray the expenses
of organization. We are at your command.
—Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Hays, R. F. D. 1, Doe
run, Ga.
(There will be no expenses of organization.
There will be no salaries, no banquets, no
house-boats, or country villas; nothing but
plain, sweet charity. Every cent we get will
go to the poor shut-ins of the South.)
FOR OUR HOME LAND.
I see in The Jeffersonian, if you could
get up a dozen good men or women, saying
that they wanted or would help to organize
the Sunny South Brotherhood, the thing
would be done. I, for one, will help. I sure
ly do believe in helping the sick and helpless
in our own home land. lam right along with
you, Mr. Watson, on this Foreign Missions
question. If our religion does not begin at
home, we have not got any to begin with. If
we do what we ought to do at home, we will
not have to send to foreign lands. I wish to
become a working member of the Brother
hood.—Mrs. J. P. Swann, R. F. D. 2, Cairo,
Georgia.
COUNT ME SN.
Daddy Jim:—You can count me in as a
worker for the Sunny South Brotherhood. I
am willing to do all in my power for the
Brotherhood, for I think it a move in the
Sunny South Brotherhood. —H. A. Allen,
Winder, Ga.
MUCH IMPRESSED.
Dear Daddy Jim:—After some medita
tion, I am very much impressed with your
Sunny South Brotherhood proposition, and
will ask you to enlist me as an humble worker
in your happy band.—Yours to serve, Wm.
R. Lunsford. Merrillville, Ga.
WORKING MEMBERS.
I wish to become a working member of the
right direction.—C. L. Tucker, R. F. I). 22,
Senoia, Ga.
HOW YOU CAN HELP.
You can send us your pennies, nickels or
dimes, to be used for the most urgent cases, or
you can send the money direct to the parties
whom you wish to help. If you have no
money to spare, you can send to us for sam
ple copies, receipts and subscription blanks,
and try to get subscriptions to The Jeffer
sonian or Watson's Magazine. On every
subscription you send in at full price,
for twelve months, six months, or three
months, we will credit you with commissions
and turn the money over to the Sunny South
Brotherhood. All these contributions will be
acknowledged in the paper, and each week we
will publish a statement, showing what work
has been done. We will follow this plan un
til we can work out a regular organization.
Your commissions and contributions will be
used for individual cases, or put in the gen
eral fund, just as you wish.
OUR FIRST STATEMENT.
Cash received: J. C. Phelps, Auburn, Ala. .SI.OO
J. A. Smith, Lawrenceville,
Georgia 1.00
Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Hays, R.
F. D. 1, Doerun, Ga. . . . 2.00
HERE’S HIS NAME.
Being in a hurry to get my letter off on the
first train, in order to be one among the first
twelve to form the S. S. 8., I see from read
ing The Jeffersonian that I forgot to sign
my name. Am very sorry, and trust it will
not keep me from being one of the twelve. —
G. L. Blanks, Toomsuba, Miss.
(We shall want you to do some work in
helping us to organize the Brotherhood. We
are going to have a big meeting here in
Thomson about the second week in May, and
we would like other States to hold their
meetings for organization about the same
time.)
JUNIOR BROTHERHOOD
ABOUT ARLING TOOTLE.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Will you admit a lit
tle Georgia boy in your Post-Card Club? I
am twelve years old. I have been living
within about 250 yards of my dear friend,
Arling Tootle. I am his friend. He always
tries to help his little sick boy and girl
friends. He is a good-hearted boy, and will
divide with any one. He gave me a sample
copy of your most worthy paper. The Jef
fersonian. and I read the Sunny South
Brotherhood and his letter. I am in favor
of his plan, from foot to crown, and think
every boy and girl will be. I also wish to
become a member of the S. S. B. Arling ex
plained it all to me today, and I am with
PAGE FIFTEEN