PAGE EIGHT
Olje 3effersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
t SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.. January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA,GA., FEBRUARY2S,I9O9.
Senator ‘Bailey 's Strange Course.
On Feb. is, 1909, the U. S. Senate having
under consideration the Post Office appropria
tion bill, an amendment thereto was offered,
providing that the government should operate
a Parcels Post along some of the R. F. D.
routes, as an experiment, for the purpose of
ascertaining whether the Parcels Post system,
which works so well in Europe, would prove
successful in this country.
Senator Joseph W. Bailey of Texas opposed
this amendment and, upon his motion, it was
ruled out.
In this connection it will be recalled that it
was Senator Bailey who objected to the con
sideration of the Parcels Post bill, when it was
called up, before Christmas.
Therefore, this Southern Senator is proving
himself a very diligent and faithful servant of
the Northern owned Express Companies, and
an opponent to the interests of the country peo
ple generally.
There was a most bitter fight in Texas, two
years ago, when Senator Bailey’s relations to
the Standard Oil Company were exposed. It
was only after a fierce struggle that he pulled
through, and he owed his escape from ruin to
the fact that the Democratic primaries had
nominated him before his Standard Oil rela
tions were known.
In that hot contest, fully one half of the
country people of Texas stood by Senator Bai
ley. They took his word for it, that he did not
know that the Waters-Pierce Co. was the Stan
dard under another name. When it was proved
that Senator Bailey had been seen in the New
York office of the Standard Oil gang, and he ex
plained that his purpose in going there “was to
tell those rascals what an honest man thought
of them,” the faithful Baileyites gulped down
his statement. Credulity could no further go.
A heavier draft was never drawn on a loyal
following.
If there is a man in public life who ought to
be grateful to the country people who rallied
to him in his hour of trouble that man is Joe
Bailey.
Yet, when a majority of Congress is willing
to do something for the country people, and
when a Republican administration is earnestly
recommending the measure, Bailey uses his
power as a Senator to prevent a vote.
We do not know of a state to which the Par
cels Post would be of more benefit than to
Texas.
Thousands of her people live at a great dis
tance from the railroad stations. To go to town
for Express packages and pay the high rates
charged is an inconvenience and a loss. If the
rural carrier could bring the small parcels along
in his mail-sack, and at moderate' rates of pos
tage, it would be a saving of time and money
to every household along the R. b. D. routes.
But the rich and powerful Express Compa
nies object to any diminution of their tremen
dous profits, and these corporations are fight
ing the Parcels Post.
And Joe Bailey sides with the Northern cor
porations against the country people of his own
state, and all other states.
'Jeffersonian
The Shame of North Carolina.
How do such cotton factories as the Peedee
Mills manage to clear twenty per cent profits
year after year?
How is that one dollar, invested in the stock
of that factory ten or twelve years ago, is now
grown to five dollars, after having paid to the
purchaser a net income of twenty cents every
year?
That is a question which ought to interest
all of us.
Here we have one branch of industry flour
ishing like the green bay tree. Panics do not
cut off its prosperity. Hard times are unknown
to it. A citizen who, some years ago, put a
thousand dollars of his money into the stock
of the Peedee Mills, has been pocketing a divi
dend of two hundred dollars, year by year, and
his one thousand dollars has swollen to five
thousand. In other words, his stock which
cost SI,OOO, (and which reads on the face of
the papers $1,000,) can be sold for five times
more than the papers call for. In commercial
language, the stock is at a premium of five to
one.
And why is the stock at such a premium?
Because the same amount of money, safely in
vested somewhere else, could not earn more
than about four per cent, clear. Now, as the
Peedee stock earns the investor five times
four per cent, the Peedee stock is worth five
times as much to the investor as the common
run of investments would be worth.
If the holder of Peedee stock chooses to sell
out, he not only gets back the one thousand
dollars that he paid, but he gets four thousand
dollars besides. And, during the whole time
he held on to the stock, he enjoyed five times
more revenue from it than the same amount
of money would have earned in the average
safe investment.
How is it that capital thus invested accu
mulates such ungodly profit?
(1) The U. S. Government passes laws
which give the Peedee Mills a monopoly when
they buy the raw cotton;
(2) The Government, by legislation, gives
the Peedee Mills a monopoly when they sell
their cloth;
(3) The law allows them to take the little
white children, confine them in the unhealth
ful atmosphere of the mill, and work them
night and day, regardless of the physical, men
tal and moral welfare of the child.
On the first point we have frequently writ
ten. The cotton grower is at the mercy of spin
ner and speculator. As the law now.stands,
the purchasers of raw cotton have about the
same advantage over the cotton grower as the
Beef Trust has over the cattle men.
On the second point we have often dwelt
at length. The law shields the Peedee Mills
from foreign competition, giving them a mo
nopoly of the home market.
The third point is where the peculiar shame
of North Carolina comes in. In nearly every
other state of the Union, the civic conscience
has been stirred, and Child Slavery has been
ameliorated. In the North and East, the can
nibalism of the manufacturers has been check
ed. Mighty efforts to stay the devouring of
the children, have been put forth, and these ef
forts have met with encouraging success. The
dropsical wealth of the capitalist does not rest
upon quite so large a graveyard of little white
boys and girls, as formerly.
In the Southern States, also, some progress
toward the saving of the seed corn has been
made. Bpt much is yet to be done. Only a few
weeks ago, that blatant humbug and Bryanite,
Haskell of Oklahoma, vetoed a Child Labor
law, which the legislature had passed.
In the old North State, however, the mon
sters who grind up little children into twenty
per cent dividends, gained a signal victory.
The legislature was so shrewdly manipulated
by the lobby of the spinners that the Child
Labor law was practically killed.
In North Carolina the negro children will
troop to school; they will breathe the fresh
air; they will develop minds and bodies in nat
ural exercise and under natural conditions;
they will feel the warmth of the sun, hear
the song of bird,s, see the glories of the
lanes and the fields and the forest. At
the same time, little white children will
be jailed in the mills, —the day shift . and
the night shift, —month after month, winter
and summer, year in and year out. While the
black children of North Carolina will go troop
ing from home to school-room, expanding the
lungs and developing the body in out-of-door
walks, plays and games, the white children will
be shut up in a prison-like factory, whose walls
tremble with the movement of machinery,
whose rooms are filled with humid, dust-laden
air, whose physical conditions are such that the
walls which should separate sex from sex are
almost inevitably let down, and where the
physical, mental and moral development of the
child is well-nigh impossible.
■* * H
A Battle, and a Railroad.
At the first Battle of Manassas (Bull Run)
the number of killed, on both sides, amounted
to less than one thousand men. |
The Pennsylvania Railroad slaughters a
greater number of liuman beings every year.
After the Battle of Manassas the North and
the South went into mourning on account of
the great loss of life. For weeks and weeks,
the newspapers were full of ghastly details. A
feeling of horror overspread both sections.
Eight hundred and fifty Christians had been
shot down in one day! Twenty-six hundred
and fifty-three bad been wounded. Awful!
But here in the midst of peace, in 1909, ONE
of our railroads have killed 1,479 human beings,
in the last two years, and almost no attention
is paid to the butchery. :
At the Battle of Manassas both sides fought
for principle. Every soldier that fired a gun
was inspired by patriotism and believed he was
staking his life in a sacred cause.
But with the Pennsylvania Railroad, it is a
sordid battle for dollars. By spending money
on life-saving devices of various kinds, this
American railway could keep a bloodless rec
ord, JUST AS THE RAILWAYS OF
SWITZERLAND DO. But the corporation
refuses to apply their earnings in that way.
Dividends must be paid on watered stocks;
money must be supplied to lawyers, lobbyists,
and editors; and big salaries must be forth
coming for men high up, —hence the refusal to
adopt safety inventions, and hence the slaugh
ter of men, women and children.
Last night we glanced over the reports of
missionary work in China. The record i's one
of glorious achievement. After toiling and
moiling with those pagans for a hundred years,
the Church of Christ now waves its holy flag
over one hundred thousand saved
from the idols of the heathen.
In our own land, a greater number of human
lives—Christians —are offered up, an annual
sacrifice to the Moloch of Commercial greed,
and we have yet to hear a sermon preached
against it!
In Switzerland, the state owns the railroads,
and operates them for the benefit of the people;
in this country, private capitalists own the rail
roads and operate them for the purpose of mak
ing money.
In Switzerland, money is spent to equip the
roads with every possible safety invention, so
that human lives may not be sacrificed.
In this country, it is cheaper to kill people
than it is to buy those safety appliances which
would prevent the butchery; hence, they are
not bought.
As long as the motive, in running trains, is
to make money, regardless of human life, so
long will we have railroads more deadly than
battles.
Judson Clements, of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, comments on the terrible
railroad situation, and declares that the Gov
ernment MUST control the railroads.