THIS WOULD MELT A HEART OF STONE.
Oakdale, 111., Dec. 8, 1907.
Dear Sir: You will find enclosed money or
der for $2 to pay for Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian and Watson’s Monthly Magazine one
year each. Mr. Watson, this is my last dollar,
but I can not do without your papers during
the campaign year, so here is my last cent.
May God keep and preserve your health
through the coming campaign year. Truly
your friend and well-wisher. May God bless
you. JOHN A. JONES.
HILLS FOR FORESTS.
The state forester of California reports that
he has an unusually large number of inqui
ries regarding the proper methods of planting
forest lands. Lumber companies, land corpor
ations and private individuals are showing
keen interest in the possibilities of profit in
growing timber, and are asking advice as to
the best way to go about it.
There has been an astonishing neglect of
opportunities lying at the door of a great num
ber of land owners in the state. There is a
vast acreage of land in California that is use
less for raising cultivated crops, and of sm? 11
value for pasture. The coast counties are coh
ered by hills and mountains, steep, rocky, and
showing but scanty vegetation. Yet, it hat
been proved at hundreds of points that these
TOM WATSON MELON—72-tb.
The very best and most attractive melon ever
put on the market, it is long and dark green
in color, and ..its eating quality has no supe
rior, it keeps longer than any other melon after
ripening, and is one of the best shipping mel
ons grown; it will make more money for those
who plant it than any other.
I planted a few acres of very thin land last
season to supply my home trade, and to se
cure more seed for the growing demand, and
to my surprise I not only made all the melons
for this purpose, but sold five car loads that
• brought me $450.
Read what Mr. P. B. Sharp, of Oklahoma,
says of them: “I received the package of
i seed in due time, and planted them rather late
in season, and hardly cultivated them at all,
but they grew a very fine crop of melons, the
finest that I ever saw in the Simerion Valley
this season, will plant no other next season,
' as* I consider this all that is desired in a
j watermelon.”
I have a few seed from this wonderful melon,
to offer to the growers at $1.35 per pound, five
pounds for $6.50, express prepaid. Address
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN
lands will grow different varieties of trees —
especially eucalyptus—that will in a few years
from planting produce valuable timber. What
is true in California’s case is true in nearly
4* “If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS 4*
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds. «»
4* * »
| Übe Oeorgta Home
I Insurance Co. ::
J of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION J ’
ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD *
4* ——— , ~
Total Assets. Over One Million Dollars « *
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars * ®
V Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars *>»
4* Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop * ®
1* the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land. 4
X —— * a
4 AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH T
$ . i
HEALTH IS WEALTH
—I - Ml.. || | 1,1,1 M,
HAGGARD’S SPECIFIC TABLETS
Are Health Builders
If you suffer from Indigestion, Nervous Debility, Kidney and
Bladder Troubles, Lost or impaired Vitality incident to over
work, physically or mentally, advanced age or otherwise, take
HAGGARD'S SPECIFIC TABLETS. They contain no
mercury, morphine, opium or any other norcotics. They
are purely vegetable and are peculiarly adapted to the needs
of the human system.
Give our remedies a fair test and if you are not benefited, wo
will refund your money. Write for booklet of testimonials.
If your druggist can’t supply you they can be had direct
from us, either by mail or express, prepaid on receipt of
price. Small Box, 50 Cents t Large Box, SI.OO, or 6 LARGE
BOXES $5-00.
Address,
HAGGARD SPECIFIC CO.
ATLANTA, GA.
every other state. There are many tracts
which are good for nothing but forests and
should be planted to forests at once. —Farm-
ers’ Advocate.
PAGE FIFTEEN