PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Te>mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Stnttnd «t Puttfitt, Atlanta, Ga., January tt, tgd7, at itctnd
clan mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 26, 1908
ctr
Where Governor Smith Tell Dolvn.
The greatest mistake of the many that
Governor Hoke Smith has made, was his
failure to reconvene the Legislature when
it failed so flagrantly to enact into law
those measures to which the Democratic
party in Georgia was positively, publicly
and overwhelmingly pledged.
The Populists number more than half
of the white vote of the state. This was
proven when we elected Judge Hines gov
ernor in 1894. That the Democratic bosses
in Atlanta falsified the returns and gave
the office to W. Y. Atkinson did not alter
the fact that Judge Hines had been
elected. After many years of bitterness
and strife, the Populist leaders decided
to make a trial of the Democratic pre
scription, “Get your reforms inside the
Democratic party.”
In good faith we accepted the pledges
made by Hoke Smith, and he was elect
ed by the Populist vote. His personal
popularity did not carry him through. In
deed, we think that Hoke Smith is not
personally a popular man. We think that
nine-tenths of the men who voted for him
did so on principle.
We supported him because of the legis
lation which he promised.
We believed then, and we believe now,
that during his canvass, and for some
time afterwards he was perfectly sincere
in his purpose to carry out the contract
upon \vhich he had got the highest office
in the gift of the people of Georgia.
But we think that it must be apparent
to all impartial men that a change of some
sort came over the Governor soon after
the regular session of the Legislature was
adjourned.
That body had refused to pass several
of the most important measures to which
the Governor was pledged. This he
could not help. But what he could have
done, and should have done, was to ordei;
an extra session, and try it again.
But Dick Gray, of the Atlanta Journal,
got back from Europe with a congestive
chill on his reform-spirit, and Dick said
1 hat it would be foolish to call an extra
session. That ended it. In vain The Jef
fersonian urged, argued, pleaded, expostu
lated. No go. Dick had been to Europe,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and Hoke had been to Europe, and both
had come back with lowered temperature.
In spite of all that we could do, the rec
reant legislators were left unexposed, and
unmolested by an extra session. The
people were given no chance to see who
Were the boodlers and lobby-suckers that
were voting persistently against the re
forms to which the Democratic party was
officially pledged.
And now, in the early primary set for
June 4th, those very renegades and lobby
tools are coming forward for re-election.
They will be elected again because they
have not been exposed as Governor Smith
vowed that they should be.
The people will elect these renegades,
in ignorance of the manner in which they
betrayed their trust at the regular ses
sion.
How can Hoke Smith be sincere now.
in telling the people that his reforms will
be carried through the next legislature?
How can he possibly believe that the
renegades will vote any better next time?
Are these political leopards going to
change their spots, all of a sudden, just
to humor Hoke Smith?
No. They will vote next time as they
did the last time.
Had Governor Smith put them on the
grill of an extra session, with the eyes of
the people fixed upon each individual
member, they would either have been co
erced into voting right, or they would
have been left out of the next Legislature.
See how it worked in Illinois. Gov
ernor Deneen was elected on a pledge to
have enacted a fair, honest primary elec
tion law. The Old Gang, with Joe Can
non at the head, was bitterly opposed
to such a law. Their influence on the
Legislature prevailed and the bill was
thrown out. Governor Deneen imme
diately called an extra session, in spite
of old Joe Cannon’s profane and obscene
language of protest. Again the Legisla
ture refused to pass the bill. Once more
Governor Deneen called the members
back in extra session. For many days
they wrangled over the primary law.
Then they took a recess. By this time
the people of Illinois were aroused. Mem
bers of the Legislature began to feel the
earth tremble under their feet. Dreading
the wrath to come, they went back to the
capitol and in November last the law for
primary elections was passed.
That is precisely the course which The
Jeffersonian urged Governor Smith to
pursue. But he chose to listen to the
Atlanta Ring, and now he is making an
other campaign of promises. But how
does he expect to keep those promises
when he will have on his hands practi
cally the same legislature which threw
him down so hard after his FIRST cam
paign of promises?
A.nd what was his reason for not call
ing an extra session?
And why did he not expose the Legis
lators who betrayed the people, as be
vowed he would do?
The Submarine Boat Scandal.
To all but the most superficial readers,
it must have long been apparent that
powerful private and selfish interests
were back of the world-wide increase of
armies and navies.
In Germany, for instance, the immense
gun-works of the Krupps not only have
much to do with the demand for new
battle-ships and new guns, but all Eu
rope, as well as the Orient, patronizes the
Krupps, and it is to the interest of these
manufacturers of guns to stimulate the
pride and ambition of militarism through
out the world.
A vast game is always in progress, and
each nation, in turn, is the object of the
blandishments of the manufacturers of
the munitions of war.
Let us say that England spurts ahead
and builds a larger vessel than her neigh
bors. Immediately the cunning lobbyists
of the ship-builders and gun-makers be
gin to play upon the vanity and suspicion
of rival nations, and pretty soon the news
papers of a certain sort, and the poli
ticians of a certain sort, are heard saying,
“Look how England is outstripping us
in naval armament. In the interest of
peace we must build us a Dreadnaught;
we must buy more torpedo boats, we
must have a greater number of subma
rines. We don’t want any war, —there-
fore, we must have more guns and bat
tle-ships.” -
These arguments, properly enforced
upon Congressmen of a certain sort, in
variably convince the powers which con
trol our destinies, and the result is that
we build and buy until we catch up with
the advance of Great Britain. Then Ger
many mugt jack up; and France must
keep step; and poor little Italy must stag
ger forward; and Japan must come along;
and even China wake up and send huge
orders to the builders of war vessels and
big guns.
At length every nation of the earth
has been jacked up, until England finds
herself not the equal of any two other
nations.
Her “traditional policy” requires that
her navy shall be the equal of any other
two. Consequently she must, anyhow in
the world, have more battle-ships. She
gets them. Then the jacking-up process
begins again, among other nations, and it
never-stops until the other nations get so
many war-tubs and big cannon that Great
Britain has to move forward once more.
Endless chain, you see. Oh what a fat
time it is for the millionaire manufactur
ers of war material! Also for their lobby
ists. Also for their press-agents and sub
sidized’ newspapers. Also for politicians
of a certain sort.
A few years ago, that pure and emi
nent Democratic leader, Senator Gor
man, of Maryland, had the insolence to
declare, in a speech in the Senate, that
we must build more battle-ships in order
that our steel manufacturers should be
“encouraged.”
The men who needed the “encourage
ment” were Andrew Carnegie, Henry