compares his achievement to that of
David who so greatly astonished the
over-confident Goliath.
As David managed that fight when
nothing but “a new beginner” and after
wards accomplished much greater things
so Harvie, as modest as he is beautiful,
leaves us to infer that after he gets his
hand in he will win much more bril
liant victories than that which he has
just won over the money-kings of Wall
Street.
Harvie’s plain, short, and simple re
cital of his own heroic efforts during
these last two years came very near to
throwing us into one of our fits. He tells
of how “the enemy” subsidized the news
papers and “shrewd attorneys.” He tells
how the enemy lied about him and slan
dered him and abused him. He does not
even except Joe Hoadley. He says that
his conscience was with him all the way
through, and that he fought on with the
courage of faith, even when his own
friends thought he was too noisy. He
says that he was often “beaten to the
knees” but that he “never kissed the
ground.” This is a remarkable proof
of unflinching fortitude, but we believe
every word of it. He says that he was
determined “to win or die,” and we be
lieve that, too. He says he knew that
“the scars of the conflict would abide
with him to the end of life,” but in spite
of this he “squared” himself “for the en
counter.” We believe it, firmly.
Harvie then tells us that after awhile
his “blows began to tell,” the enemy
weakened, “state after state fell into
line,” and at last, at last, the hard fought
field was won.
Now what is the victory? Please don’t
laugh.
The victory consists of the fact that
Herbert Knox Smith, U. S. Commis
sioner, has REPORTED, officially, that
the members of the New York Cotton
Exchange are gamblers who actually
gamble for their own benefit! ! !
Heavens above, what a triumph for
Harvie! When did anybody ever sup
pose that the New York Stock Exchange
was anything else than a huge gambling
hell? When did anybody ever doubt that
gamblers gambled for the benefit of
themselves?
Harvie has not even advanced as far
as Congress did in 1892-3, when we
threshed out all the facts touching gam
bling in futures, and passed through the
House of Representatives the Hatch An
ti-option bill, which the Senate killed.
But Harvie was a hotel clerk in those
prosaic days and, while he was as beau
tiful then as he is now, he had not then
learned that the New York Cotton Ex
change is a gambling establishment.
The editorial to which we have been
feebly referring winds up with one of
Harvie’s “trumpet blasts” which is equal
to any of those of the vintage of 1906,
“MEN OF THE COTTON BELT!
“Is our Southern manhood dead?
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
“Up and at them! Let the motto be
from this good day forward: The New
York Cotton Exchange must be elimi
nated.”
That’s what you may call a trumpet
blast with a fire-cracker attachment.
We don’t know how you, dear reader,
may feel over this matter, but as for us
we are with Harvie, tooth and toe nail.
We are ready to help defy and stampede
those subsidized newspapers, those
shrewd attorneys, those slanderers, those
“Harpies,” those “squids,” those “Devil
fishes of Commerce.” Like him, we are
resolved to conquer or die.
Like him, we may be beaten to our
knees, but we will not kiss the ground,—
never!
There is just one condition, however,
that we must and shall insist upon, and
that is, spare Joe Hoadley. Unto all the
other members of that baleful Stock Ex
change, do whatsoever you like, but deal
tenderly with Joe. In front of Joseph we
take our stand, our falchion bared, and
we will ever cry to the ravening enemies
of that virtuous man, “Back! Ye min
ions of Hate! Thus far shall ye come,
but right here’s where you stop!”
« n
As To rr Unhorsing the People.”
(1) Was it a victory for “the peo
ple” when the Hoke Smith legislature de
feated the bill aimed at the corrupt cor
poration lobby?
(2) Was it a victory for “the people”
when the Hardeman Resolutions were
killed?
(3) Was Harry Fisher working for
the people when he spread his free
luncheon in the senate corridor and kill
ed off legislation which had been prom
ised the people?
(4) Was it a victory for the people
when Hoke Smith’s Chairman, Lawton
Miller, threw down our honest Comp
troller-General (W. A. Wright) and
screened the Southern Railroad from its
just proportion of taxation?
(5) Was it a victory for the people
when Hoke Smith’s political debts were
paid, at the expense of the people, by
increasing the size and the cost of our
Railroad Commission?
(6) Was it a victory for the people
when the positive and repeated pledges
made by Hoke Smith, in person, through
out the State, on the subject of the early
primary were absolutely repudiated by
him, without excuse, apology or explana
tion?
(7) Was it a victory for the people
when the Constitution of this state and
the practice of a century were revolu
tionized by the Hoke Smith committee,
in order that the four big cities might
wield a political superiority denied them
by the Constitution which Hoke Smith
is sworn to uphold?
(8) Will it be a victory for the peo
ple when the country counties, which un
der Local Option went “dry,” years ago.
are put under the heels of the big cities,
which kept their saloons open until the
Legislature closed them?
What’s the matter with the Prohibi
tion leaders that they do not realize the
dangers of the revolutionary rule of the
Hoke Smith Committee?
At the last moment, Governor Smith
flopped to Prohibition; is it impossible to
imagine a man of that character making a
second flop?
If the Prohibition leaders are not blind,
blind, BLIND, they will revolt against
this new rule, BEFORE IT IS TOO
LATE.
* H *
Notes On National Politics.
By J. D. Watson.
How long will it be before the people
of Alabama will want to know something
about the relations between Hobson and
the Steel Trust?
Over in Texas there has been the hot
test kind of fight between Joe Bailey’s
friends and enemies, the accusation
against Joe being that he is a Standard
Oil Senator.
Yet, so far as the Congressional Rec
ord discloses, Senator Bailey has never
been half so anxious to serve the Stand
ard Oil gang as Hobson has always been
to serve the Steel Trust.
For several years Hobson, who is a
poor man, has been travelling over this
benighted land telling us how desperately
we need a billion-dollar-navy. He. has
butted in at all sorts of public meetings,
asking for time in which to deliver his
childish war-scare speech for the big
navy. He has devoted his time and his
labor to this business as though he were
employed by somebody.
Now that he is in Congress, he is more
frantic than ever, trying to get new bat
tleships ordered, so that the Steel Trust
can pile up more millions of net profits.
What are Hobson’s relations to the
Steel Trust?
' *
Recent investigations in Congress have
established the fact that the Holland Sub
marine Boat Co. kept a lobby at work
in Washington, and employed such men
as Gen. M. C. Butler of South Carolina
and the notorious knave, Marion Butler,
as “Attorneys” to press the merits of the
Submarines on Congress.
What the Holland Company got is but
a drop in the bucket compared to what
the Steel Trust gets.
Has Hobson ever been in the employ
of the Steel Trust?
HE ACTS LIKE IT.
*
In the building of our battle-ships there
will never be any more competition
among the steel plants. Bonaparte kill
ed competition, three years ago, when he
awarded part of the work advertised to
(Continued on Pase Twelve.)
PAGE NINE