Bryanite Bunco-Steering.
Some boy has furnished the Bryanite
campaign committee with a list of names
—to be used for begging-letter purposes
upon which appears the “entrimmins”
of “T. E. Watson, Editor of The Jeffer
sonian, Augusta. Ga.”
Most innocently, the Bryanite comit
tee wrote to the said T. E. W., request
ing a campaign contribution.
Owing to circumstances, the old man
can not chip in for'Bryan this time. If
the Bryan of today were the same cru
sader who was Watson’s running mate
in 1896, we would be glad to stump
Georgia and Nebraska for him, just as
in 1806. But the Peerless One has de
serted. He has gone over to Wall Street.
He has forsaken the creed which made
him great and beloved. He "rew weary
of well-doing, has quit the good fight, has
crooked the supple hinges of the knee,
has de-horned himself, and is now noth
ing more than a fat politician who is
bald, running against another fat poli
tician, who isn’t bald.
It's sad, but it’s so. Gentlemen of the
Bryanite committee, you must excuse 'l'.
E. W., just this once. He must draw
the line somewhere, and he draws it here.
Why, bless your eyes, Bryan and Taft
have both yelled their stuff into the
phonographs, this year, and it has been a
matter of the utmost difficulty for the
managers of the instruments to tell which
speech is Bryan’s and which is Taft’s.
They are so similar in doctrine that the
name of the speaker has to be carefully
stated each time. It has happened —so
we are told —that when Taft’s name is
not mentioned before the machine begins
to grind, Democrats wildly applaud what
they take to be Bryanism. On the other
hand, unless Bryan's name is mentioned
in advance, Republicans go up into the
air, enthused over Bryan's record-talk,
believing it to be the doctrine of their
own dear Taft.
Such a situation is what breeds scandal.
No, gentlemen, we can not put anything
into the hat, this time.
The begging-letter referred to contains
a special appeal, requesting the Editor to
publish certain statements. One of these
statements is to the effect that the Bryan
ites do not want any gifts from the
Trusts. The plain, common people—they,
and they only, are to be the sources of
Democratic campaign boodle-supply.
As a respectable Editor, we shouldn't
like to publish such a statement. We
don’t tell lies on our own account, and
we don’t care to tell any on Bryan’s ac
count. If we were to say that Bryan is
not getting money wherever he can, we d
lie most outrageously.
Why, bless your eyes— whose name
stands first on the Bryan Finance Com
mittee? That of Moses C. Wetmore, of
St. Louis.
Well, if Major Moses Wetmore is not
a trust magnate, how do you make out
Col. Guffey, of Pennsylvania, to be one?
Is the Tobacco Trust any nearer to the
THE JEFERSONIAN.
angel band than is Standard Oil ? Where
did Major W etmore get his millions if
not by class legislation and Trust meth
ods? What’s he doing on Brvan’s Fi
nance Committee, if he isn't there to
have his leg pulled?
ct Maj. Wetmore has the astonishing
impudence to write to “T. E. Watson,
Editor The Jeffersonian,” begging that
person to pony up, himself, and to edi
torially implore “the plain, common peo
ple” to finance Bryan's campaign !
We are confounded at your impudence,
Major Wetmore, and demand an expla
nation, Sah !
TTien again, we find the name of W. A.
Clark, of Montana, on the Finance Com
mittee which sent T. E. Watson its ap
peal for spondulix. Clark is the Cop
per Trust man, don't you know —worth
several scores of millions. Has done
more hell-work than any single nabob
west of the Mississippi. He and Marcus
Daly used to pay Bryan for those pa
triotic free silver speeches which thrilled
our hearts, years ago.
W hat is Trust-king Clark doing on the
Bryan Finance Committee?
And isn't he a nice person to select
for the purpose of sending out begging
letters to “the plain, common people”?
On this Bryanite Committee we see
the name of Lewis Nixon, of New York.
Lewis is the Ship-building-Trust man,
you must remember. A nice man to pass
around the Bryan hat, is Lewis. To be
sure! There isn’t a depth of Wall Street
financial rascalib that is unfamiliar to
Lewis —not one.
Now, consider the bunco game that
Bryan is playing on the people.
Standing- in with Trust millionaires, he
is posing as “the poor man’s friend,” and
is begging the plain, common people to
send in their hard-earned money to these
Trust-millionaire committee-men.
It is mere Bryanite stage-play. The
Peerless One has gone over to the Cleve
land element of the Democratic party,
AND HE CAN GET ALL THE
CAMPAIGN BOODLE HE WANTS.
THE WALL STREETERS WHO FI
NANCED CLEVELAND ARE FI
NANCING BRYAN.
r, s*.
Judge In Israel.
In the New York Sun, of August 21st,
we found the following item of news:
“Warren Nelson, a negro, was sen
tenced yesterday by Judge Mulqueen of
General Sessions to not more than ten
years, and not less than seven years, in
Sing Sing. He was convicted of abduct
ing a young German girl, taking her to a
disorderly house and assaulting her. She
was kept in the house for several days.
“ ‘There is no need of lynch law here,'
said Judge Mulqueen in sentencing the
negro. ‘Our courts can handle this class
of cases.’ ”
Please to note the facts given in this
news-item- A German white girl, pre-
s
sumably a virgin, was kidnapped bv a
negro man, carried to a house of ill-fame,
ravished, and kept a prisoner for several
days, in order that the negro might re
turn to his victim, from time to time, and
glut his bestial lust upon the helpless
prisoner.
1 his did not happen in heathendom, in
darkest Africa, in the Malay Archipelago.
No; it happened in New York City, in
the midst of a civilized Christian people.
Phe fate of the wretched girl is not
unusual—negro brutes are growing bold
er every year, and the awful thing which
happened to this girl THREATENS
EVERY WHITE WOMAN IN
AMERICA.
That which is unusual is the mental
attitude of the judge. For crimes ten
fold more heinous than murder, he gave
this black brute a prison sentence of
“not more than ten, nor less than seven
years.”
Having done this he complacently said.
“We don't need lynch law; our courts
can handle this class of cases.”
Whether Judge Mulqueen would have
been equally well satisfied with the sen
tence had the victim of the rapist been
his own mother, wife, sister, or daughter,
we can not say, but if The Jeffersonian
should hereafter learn that a furious MOB
HAD SEIZED BOTH THE RAPIST
AND THE JUDGE, AND HAD
STRUNG THEM BOTH UP TO THE
SAME LIMB, it wouldn't shed any tears
over the incident.
RM*
Bryanite s and Niggerites.
Brother Pop, don't you remember how
they used to jeer at us and call us the
nigger party?
Don't you remember how the Demo
cratic editors and speakers proudly
claimed that theirs was the white man’s
party ?
Os course you do. Therefore, you will
have to rub your eyes to make sure your
vision is clear when you see Hoke Smith
signing a bill which was meant to kill the
disfranchisement law; and see Bryan
holding conferences with negro leaders
who have been Republicans ever since
“freedom,” but who — AFTER TALK
ING WITH THE PEERLESS ONE—
suddenly become Bryanites.
What does it mean, Brother?
*
The negro leaders went to see Taft
about the Brownsville matter, about the
Foraker bill to re-instate the negro troops,
about the Southern disfranchisement
laws, and about the 14th and 15th amend
ments. From Taft they got no satisfac
tion.
They then went to see Mr. Bryan about
those same matters. He talked with them,
and they came away rejoicing—PER
FECTLY SATISFIED.
WHAT DID BRYAN SAY TO
THOSE NEGROES?
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE