PAGE EIGHT
TSlje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
E ate red at Poetoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11. 1907. as second ciass man matter
Atlanta, Ga. Dec. 9, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
*-
Farmers! You Are Betrayed
In the Republican Ship-Subsidy paper,
The Co-operator, of Dallas, Texas, appears
this item:
“Tom Watson is urgently advising the farmers
to sell their cotton now. Tom need not be so
awfully afraid that the farmers won’t get 14 cents
for their stuff a month from now. Again the
farmers are beginning to learn that there is mon
ey in holding and that if they don’t need the
money they had just as well hold off the market
and make an additional profit, that is sure to
come, as to sell and let the scalper and the mer
chant get the benefit. It looks like your Uncle
Thomas is trying to drag the Union into some
kind of political game. It won’t work, Tommy
boy. You are all right, but you can’t convince the
members of the Union that they should sell their
cotton and invest in politics as a body.”
Did you ever read anything more idiotic?
The two editors of The Co-operator are
working for a millionaire, by the name of
C. D. Reimers. Their boss is an lowa Repub
lican. No wonder he has no love for “Tom
Watson”.
Yes, I do urge farmers to sell their cotton.
The editor who advises them to hold, when
they can sell at cents, has some axe to
grind.
The same Fanners’ Union Big Ikes who
got the farmers to hold 12-cent cotton, in
1907—t0 the utter ruin of thousands— are
now playing the same dangerous game,
again.
Suppose, as this foolish paragraph does,
that you can get as much for cotton, a month
from now, why should you lose the interest,
insurance and storage? Why take such risks?
I can see why the warehousemen, usurers and
insurance men want you to hold cotton.
Their profits on holding your cotton are fixed
and certain. But yours are uncertain —just
as much so as though you were betting on a
horse-race; or on weather conditions next
spring.
When these two editors, Neil and Mcßae,
speak of my “trying to drag the Unions into
some kind of political game”, can you not see
the purpose of the ridiculous insinuation?
They have allowed their rich Republican
boss to drag them over to the Republican
Ship-Subsidy, and they fire at ME, to keep
you from watching THEM.
The last line of their precious paragraph
is the limit of editorial imbecility. How
could the farmers “sell their cotton and in
vest in politics in a. body”?
Such a statement could emanate from no
other source than from a Farmers’ Union
paper that has sold out to an lowa Republi
can. or one which is advertising shares of
stock in a Percheron stud-horse.
My disinterested and-earnest advice to the
farmers is to close at 14 ] /2 cents now, pay off
their debts, and face the tasks of New Year
with no uncertainties about cotton to keep
them anxious and worried next spring. In
other words—a bird in the hand is worth two
in the bush.
&be Jeffersonian
Teasing the Preachers
(number two.)
Say, Parson, why is it that you turn your
churches into concert halls? I mean the
town and city churches, not those of rural
communities. The country people don’t need
any fiddles, pianos, guitars, piccolos, cornets
and “sich”, to bring them to the meeting
house. No Sir! The rural preacher keeps in
touch with the common folks, feels the heart
throb of his congregation, and knows how to
talk to it. His sermons are not so rhetorical
as those delivered by the big-salary minister
in the city church; but they carry more com
fort to the afflicted, more persuasion to the
indifferent, more satisfaction to those who be
lieve that religion should be lived, as well as
professed.
Yes, the country parson is loved, and he
doesn’t have to resort to operatic devices to
get the folks to come and listen to his sermon.
But you city fellows —you make us all
tired. Fow actually advertise, in the newspa
pers, that you will give a fifteen-minute con
cert before you begin divine services. The
song-worship consists of the performance by
the paid minstrels, politely called “the
Choir”. These salaried minstrels furnish all
the music. .The congregation does not sing
at all.
Charles Wesley, Watts, Newman, and many
others, composed hymns which w T ere intended
to be used devotionally. The hymn was a
part of the worship—a most beautiful and
influential part. Few things are more in
spiring than the devotional melody ’of a
large congregation. The country people do
their own singing, yet. Generally, there is
some one of the deacons, or elderly members,
whose prescriptive right to “hoist the hymn”
is recognized by all. After this leader of
musical service the whole flock follows—
everybody joining in the solemn chant which
often arouses the deepest emotions.
(In my own case, I have found congrega
tional singing influencing me far more pro
foundly than any sermon ever did.)
But in some of the big cities,- that is a thing
of the past. The paid minstrels furnish all
the melody: the congregation sits in silence,
enjoying what they buy\just as they do at the
theatre.
Say, Parson, isn’t that a pretty bad sign?
After you “convert” all the heathen, are they
going to quit singing hymns? Will they hire
minstrels, as we are doing?
Last Sunday night, in our Baptist Church,
in Thomson, we pulled off a concert, in which
there were two fiddles, a piccolo, a piano, a
guitar, and a cornet.
If Paul and Peter had risen from the dead,
and had desired to worship with us, that
night, and had entered our tabernacle—what
do you suppose they would have thought and
said?
Parson! If you were to cut out all that
tweedle-deeing on the catguts, all the tooting
on the horns, all the banging on the pianos,
all the strumming on the guitars, all the
blowing into flutes and piccolos— what would
happen?
Would the people quit coming to church?
If you answer “No”, I then beg you to ex
plain TV LIT you go into this concert business.
If you answer “Yes”, I then ask you wheth
er SUCH church-going is worth enough to
warrant the expense of building and oper
ating SUCII churches.
You are moving heaven and earth to get
money to send into heathendom. Your cry
is “The world for Christ!” Yet your big
cities, in America, are so devoid of the Chris
tian spirit that you can’t draw’ people into
your temples, until you have virtually trans
formed the temple into a concert-hall.
Do you ever ponder on these things, Par
son? It is high time that you were doing so.
Would you like to have a layman’s opinion
of the whvs and wherefores of the decline
of Christianity in the cities? In my judg
ment, these are some of the reasons:
(1) The Church has shown a horrible in
difference to the condition of the masses of
the people. Christ made a friend of Lazarus
and his sisters: his modern apostles make
friends of such scoundrels and criminals as
John D. Rockefeller, E. H. Harriman, T. F.
Ryan, and Andrew Carnegie.
(2) The Church demands too much money
of the people. Preaching on the text, “It is
more blessed to give than to receive”, the
Church eternally contradicts itself by RE
CEIVING. The solemn farce of hundreds
of missionaries, holding forth in the pulpits
on the greater blessedness of giving, and yet
never giving, but always receiving, excites
derisive criticism.
You'd be perfectly amazed if you knew
much of the millions contributed for foreign
missions IS DEVOURED BY SALARIES.
(3) The 185 varieties of religion, in this
country, tend to create indifference to all of
them.
(4) The church regularity and promi
nence of the powerful robbers who manage
the Trusts, increase the cost of living and
cause thousands of people to perish of want.
(5) The magnificence of city churches,
and the gorgeous display of wealth therein.
People see clerical and pharisaical pride, in
such grandeurs. There is no religion in it.
(6) The awful fact that the masses are
compelled to associate the Church with their
own unhappy condition. They see that they
are misgoverned in the name of “God”; that
the champions of Privilege are all professors
of religion, and that the Church virtually
tells the poor that their sorrowful condition
is natural, inevitable, irremediable.
(7) That while the great majority of the
clergy display the keenest appreciation of the
good things of this world, they constantly en
deavor to soothe the terrible distress of the
human under-dog by assurances that golden
streets, and mansions in the skies await him
in the Beyond. In other words, too many of
the clergy fail to practise what they preach;
and they don’t pay enough attention to man’s
happiness in this world.
Do not understand me to say that the qiin
istry can not boast of glorious men whose
spirit of consecration and whose unselfish
ness are as noble as Paul’s. I myself know
scores of such clergymen, and no one admires
them and esteems them more highly than I
do. Were it not for them, the Church would
not live at all. Religion would be relegated
to the individual, as distinguished from the
religious corporation.
President J. L. Lee Writes
Union City, Ga., Nov. 29, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir;
On page fifteen, first column of the Weekly
Jeffersonian published Nov. the 25th, you make
two assertions that does me a very grave injus
tice. I believe that you have the manhood to
correct the same if you were given the facts in
the case. The facts are this “that about Sept, the
10th, I called together twenty-five of the leading
brains in the Farmers’ Union of this state to con
sult about what should be done to bring the union
to a higher standard they met at 10 o’clock on
the morning of Sept, the 21st and for two days
we went into every detail and the campaign now
being run was the result of that conference.”
Duckworth, Charlie Barrett, nor no other living
human ever prevailed upon me to write local
unions. Now, Mr. Watson I can prove by twenty
five men in this state that this particular cam
paign was planned before you ever said one word
in your weekly paper; If you are the friend of
truth and right, you will certainly correct the as
sertions for they are absolutely contrary to facts.
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE FARMERS’ UNION!
Boys, won’t you see me a fair fight? Make
those Union City w r ould-be Bosses meet me in the
open. Make them stop this private-letter and
secret-meeting i»olicy. THEY ARE DUPING YOU
WITH DIES.
MAKE THEM FIGHT FAIR!