PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
THE EXPOSURE OF BRYAN.
How much longer will William J. Bryan be
able successfully to impose on the credulity
of any considerable number of his fellow citi
zens'? How much more evidence will be nec
essary to open the eyes of those who remain
deluded ? These questions naturally arise af
ter reading the monograph of Colonel Guf
fey, of Pennsylvania, on “The Bryan That
I Have Known.”
The Guffey conclusion that Bryan is a quack
is not new. For many years it has been evi
dent that beneath Bryan’s thin plating of pre
tended political virtue was the base metal
of a personality exceedingly selfish and greedy.
Bryan attacked Guffey and appealed to the
Pennsylvania delegation not to re-elect him
national committeeman on the ground that
Guffey is a “corporation” man. hi 1900
Guffey was exactly the same kind of a cor
poration man that he is now, yet Bryan was
on his knees to Guffey begging for secret con
tributions to his campaign fund. As Guffey
says, referring to himself, W. R. Hearst and
the late Marcus Daly: “Bryan not only ac
cepted gratefully, but beseechingly sought
our aid; and we gave secretly thousands and
thousands of dollars.” Guffey sent stained
glass windows to decorate the luxurious home
that Bryan has erected since he entered poli
tics, and Bryan was glad to have the gift un
til a Chicago newspaper published the story.
When the transaction was found out, Bryan
became angry and accused Guffey of talking.
The following statement is unchallengeable:
Bryan has considered any man clean and any
money clean that was obedient to him; he
has attacked as unclean any man or money that
was in his way. He denounced Roger C. Sul
livan, of Illinois, as a train robber, as a politi
cal corruptionist and tool of selfish financial
interests, and then went into partnership with
Sullivan when the latter agreed to give him
the Illinois delegation. Bryan denounced
Croker and Tammany polities, and then rode
around the streets of New York in a carriage
with Croker, shouting “Great is Tammany,
and Croker is its prophet.” Bryan denounced
Thomas F. Ryan, yet Bryan’s brother-in-low
and his national committeeman from Nebraska
secretly solicited and received Ryan money to
be used to carry Nebraska that Bryan might
have a •chance to come to the senate. Pre
tending to be an opponent of the trusts, he
has notoriously been a pensioner on the bounty
of Wetmore, the tobacco magnate of St.
Louis.
Bryan has supported the cause of free
trade and abandoned it; supported free silver
and abandoned it; supported imperialism and
abandoned it —and in each case his support
or abandonment has been connected with what
he thought was his selfish political interest.
Yet there-nre still some who pretend to think
that Bryan is something more than a mere
scheming politician. He will be when papier
rnache becomes wood —when bricks of brass
become bricks of gold. —New York Globe.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
BRYAN’S RECESSIONAL; ODE TO PEER
LESS ONE.
Sage of Nebraska, Peerless One,
King of free silver, crafty knight
Who, ere his fame had well begun,
Reached out and took the widow’s mite.
Still there are those who love him yet!
How they forget! How they forget!
A few years after ninety-three
He talked and argued skillfully
About a silver coinage free,
Then turned and argued differently.
Still you find those who praise him yet!
How they forget! How they forget!
When first a candidate, says he,
“Defeat me and a panic’s sure.”
They did it and prosperity
Ensued, with everything secure.
Still democrats swear by him yet!
How they forget! How they forget!
4
Twice has he tried for president;
His efforts were in vain;
Each time he rallied, asked consent,
And changed his views again.
His silver tongue is busy yet,
Lest we forget! Lest we forget!
—Harry M. Korns, in Republican News-Jour
nal.
HELPING THE FARMERS.
The newly appointed Farm Life Commis
sion has a hard task before it to answer the
president’s question: “How can a compelling
desire to live on the farm be aroused in the
children that are born on the farm?” Urban
attractions can hardly be duplicated in the
village, nor is it desirable that they should be.
Still there is opportunity for the improve
ment of country life. A good beginning might
be made by the establishment of the rural
parcels post, which would make luxuries and
conveniences more available for the farmer’s
home. The postal savings bank might also
exert its beneficial influence through a large
part of the farming country of the states,
where savings banks are comparatively un
known. But if country life is to be made so
attractive what are the cities to do for the
brain and sinew which they have been draw
ing from the farms for such an important part
in the commercial and industrial structure? —
Boston Herald.
DANGEROUS ALLIES.
“If the negroes vote the democratic
ticket,” remarks The Anderson, S. C., Daily
Mail, “they are going to expect political re
wards, and if the negroes are to be taken into
the democratic party there will be no excuse
left for the south to remain solidly democratic
any longer. Every negro democratic vote cast
in the north and west this year will mean a
hundred republican votes in the south in the
next election.” Which, except the obvious
overstatement at the close, is all quite true. If
the negro’s present trend toward the demo
cratic party were inspired by less unworthy
motives than desire to punish a republican
president for not ignoring midnight murder
where negro troops committed it upon a south
ern town, something quite different might be
said, but facts like these are hard. We feel
certain that the democratic party can derive
no ultimate benefit from such an alliance. The
mass of southern voters have at least some
little spirit, and they will not submit to any
and every imposition even at the hands of the
democratic party. —Charlotte Observer.
JUST POSING.
When platform makers, bosses and nomi
nees go to posing as ultra-moralists, it is a
safe bet that the public is going to get an
exhibition that’s very silly.
Take, for instance, the fuss made by both
the older parties over the matter of public
ity of campaign contributions.
There’s Mr. Taft’s letter of acceptance,
considerable of it devoted to the subject of
publicity of campaign contributions.
Then there’s Mr. Bryan solemnly announc
ing to his national committee that, after con
ference, he and Mr. Kern are unanimous as
to the "wisdom of making such contributions
public and with such proceeding “a new era
in American politics will begin,” to the great
moral improvement of such politics.
Os course, the matter isn’t an issue at all.
If the Republican party, or the Democratic
party, favors such publicity, all it has to do
is to publish the contributions.
No special session of congress is necessary
to pass laws for it, and there’s no existing
law to prevent it.
It is wholly a matter of free will on the
part of either party.
If it is right, Mr. Taft’s committee, or Mr.
Bryan’s committee, can go ahead and do it,
regardless of what any other committee does.
But this wouldn’t suffice.
There wouldn’t be enough politics in such
honest, fearless action.
1 here must be some high moral posing,
wind-jamming and bamboozing of unthinking
partisans.
Without these things, half the game of pol
itics wouldn’t be played, and the game is on
ly well played when as much dust as possible
is put in the people’s eyes.—Rural Weekly,
St. Paul, Minn.
THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA
commends Locust Grove Institute. Prof. J.
S. Stewart writes: “After careful examina
tion of the record of Mr , entered
on your certificate, the faculty instructed me
to say that the record of this student has
been in every way satisfactory, his lowest
mark being 92.5. We desire to commend the
good work of your Institution.” Catalog on
application. Claude Gray, President, Locust
Grove, Ga.