EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WATSON
For the past week we have heard anew’ all
sorts of rumors about a w T ar with Japan, and
they have about as much foundation as such
rumors usually have. All of the talk started
from a speech made by former Secretary of
the Treasury Leslie M. Shaw, and another
speech made by Gen. Franklin Bell.
Before the printers’ ink was dry on the
two above mentioned speeches, Secretary of
the Navy Meyer was before a Congressional
committee asking for a big appropriation to
build more battleships.
Indeed, the Steel Trust’s agents at Wash
ington got busy so soon after the utterances
of the two irresponsibles, Shaw and Bell,
that the average person could see through
the Trust’s game without having to puzzle
his brain.
The plan of the Steel Trust is to have the
government appropriate the money this year
for two 27,000-ton battleships; next year
build two 30,000-ton battleships and the fol
lowing year two 32,000-ton battleships, and
to keep this up until we have the most pow
erful navy in the world.
Besides these gigantic battleships we are
to have more cruisers, more torpedo boats,
more destroyers, more submarines and more
dry-docks to accommodate the big war ships
and repair ships to follow them about and
keep them in repair.
Each one of these powerful battleships
will cost from $12,000,000 to $18,000,000 to
build, to say nothing of the cost of keeping
them up after they are commissioned, and
the other vessels, dry-docks and repair ships
will cost additional millions.
As predicted for England by England’s
greatest statesman only a few months ago,
that England or Germany would be bank
rupt unless their race for armament was
stopped, so will we be bankrupt unless w T e
stop our fool campaign of trying to have
more battleships and more powerful battle
ships than any country in the world.
* * * *
Hon. James A. Tawney, Chairman of the
House Committee on Appropriations, has
just issued a statement to the public which
hands the ship building interests a hard jolt
on the jaw.
In the statement Mr. Tawney says that
with the fiscal year ending June 30, 1909, we
expended seventy-one per cent, of our gov
ernment’s revenues on account of wars we
have had and wars we are preparing for;
and that during the last eight years the in
crease in naval appropriations amounted in
the aggregate to $600,000,000 in excess of our
naval appropriations for the eight preced
ing years, and the increase in army expedi
tures in the same time was $472,000,000
greater. Thus you can see that our army
and navy has cost us $1,072,000,000 more
during the last eight years than it cost the
eight preceding years.
And with Secretary Meyer’s Steel Trust
plan of enlarging the navy in effect, the in
crease during the next eight years will far
exceed what it has for the past eight years.
As Mr. Tawney points out, we are at
peace with the world, besides our geographi
cal isolation, which as a means of defense is
worth more to us than the largest navy any
nation in the world possesses, yet we are to
burden ourselves with millions of indebted
ness simply to say that we have the biggest
navy in the world.
If we stay at home and attend to our own
business, as we should do, there is no danger
of our going to war with Japan, or any other
nation.
* * * *
Japan is burdened with as heavy a debt
as that country can struggle under on ac
count of her recent war with Russia.
The Japanese statesmen know the condi
tion of the Japanese people and their re-
<51)4
sources much better than our statesmen know
ours, and they are not eager to pick a quarrel
with anybody.
If we let them alone, they will be more
than glad to let us alone.
The only way that we will be driven to
war with Japan will be on account of the
grasping paws of J. P. Morgan and Co., and
at this time Morgan is afraid to play that
daring a game.
If he could make our Government inter
fere with the Japanese Government and let
some corporation which he controls step in
and steal a lot of valuable concessions, as has
been done in Central America, Morgan
would be pushing our Government on to a
war with Japan.
But Japan is not a helpless, little Central
American country, and Morgan is afraid of
that dangerous a game with a powerful
country.
The thing that is in Morgan's mind now is
to sell our Government the material for the
battleships, and then have the Government
give him another issue of bonds at a reduced
price to pay for the ships.
-i- 's'
A movement is on foot to have Congress
investigate the question of uniform weights
and measures throughout the country, and it
is something that would be of more benefit to
everybody than many things which Congress
takes time to look into.
Although we have laws enough on the sub
ject, they are on the statute books and that is
all. Very few’ people know that they are
there, and still fewer care.
But if you will stop to consider for a mo
ment you will see that the question of weight
and measure enters into everyday life at
every turn.
The merchant, the farmer, the housekeeper,
in fact almost every one of us deal in weight
and measure nearly every day of our lives in
our common everyday business.
Since the investigations of the high cost of
living have been under way, some startling
facts as to weight and measure have been
brought to the public’s notice.
In some instances the difference in what
the purchaser paid and what he actually re
ceived amounted to nearly enough to make
the purchase cost twice the amount of the
market price.
One investigating committee found that
when they paid for a ten-pound pail of lard,
the lard, pail and all, only weighed seven
pounds; a bushel sack of meal in some locali
ties would turn out to be three pecks; a can of
coffee supposed to contain five pounds of cof
fee would weigh three and one-half pounds
with the can, and so it went all down through
the line of provisions, etc.
Such a difference in weights and measures
would in itself make a big increase in the cost
of living, to say nothing of the increase in
price.
* * * *
In an article in this month’s number of
World's Work, James J. Hill, the railroad
king of Canada and the Northwest, gives
some interesting plans for regulating big cor
porations.
Mr. Hill says, in effect, that monopolies that
control through price agreements certain lines
of manufactured articles would be smashed
by the abolition of protective duties on those
articles. That under the constitutional pro
visions allowing Congress to regulate inter
state commerce corporations they should be
made to satisfy a commission that their capi
tal stock was actually paid up in cash or in
property taken at a fair valuation, just as the
capital of a national bank must be certified to
be paid up by the Comptroller of the Cur
rency.
Mr. Hill’s plan is not a new one by any
means, but it would be a forward step.
There is no doubt about the tariff robbing
the people and making the manufacturer of
certain lines of manufactured articles million
aire Trust officials, just as there is no question
about the capital stock of the big corpora
tions being mostly water.
Put the capital stock of railroad companies
engaged in interstate commerce down at their
true value, and freight and passenger rates
could be cut in half and still the railroads
would pay handsome dividends.
1 he late E. IL Harriman was once brazen
enough to brag about over ninety per cent, of
the railroad stock of the country being water.
* * * *
I
One of the bitterest denunciations of a
Speaker of the House was made on the floor
of the House by Congressman Hamilton Fish,
of New York, one day this week.
More than three weeks ago Mr. Fish intro
duced a resolution directing the Committee on
Postoffices and Post Roads to make an inquiry
into the operation of postal savings banks in
European countries. Like many other good
resolutions, this one was put on the table to
remain there forever.
This made Fish mad and he proceeded to
flay Cannon and Cannon’s rules, and not a
Republican spoke one word in Cannon’s de
fense after Fish had finished.
But Fitzgerald, of New York the *Pat Mc-
Carren-Standard Oil Democrat, did under
take to defend the Republican Speaker of the
House and his infamous rules.
* * * *
The contents of a personal letter from
President Taft to Lewis B. Swift, a promi
nent reformer of Indianapolis, Ind., have
brought out what has been apparent for sev
eral months.
That is, that Taft belongs to the Cannon-
Aldrich gang, and that he has helped them
get through their notorious measures.
In this letter the President sees fit to eulo
gize Aldrich as a constructive statesman and
for the good he has done the country in the
legislation which he has shaped, and he
praises Cannon for being a useful man, while
he censures Beveridge and the insurgent Re
publicans for obstructing legislation to which
the Republican party is pledged.
Mr. Taft is certainly slipping down the
chute of public confidence as fast as three
hundred pounds of fat can possibly slide.
Sfj
The Senate has passed the Taft Postal Sav
ings Bank measure, and the appearances are
that it will get through the balance of the
way with little opposition.
It is simply another Wall street measure
that will tighten Wall street’s grip on the
money market of this country.
In its present form it is exactly what Wall
street wants, and to show how well Wall street
was posted on how it would go through Sena
tor Dolliver quoted from a circular sent out by
the National City Bank of New York, explain
ing in advance what the Senate was doing.
Instead of making money circulate and
bringing more into circulation, the present
measure establishes a Central Bank.
* * * *
One of President Taft's pet measures which
the insurgent Republicans in the Senate seem
determined to defeat is that establishing a
Commerce Court.
Already Cummins and Clapp, members of
the committee which had the bill under con
sideration, have filed a minority report.
The reasons for opposing this court are two.
In the first place, such a court will be a
heavy expense, and in the second place it is
not needed.
The records of the Interstate Commerce
Commission show that from the middle of
1906 to 1909 there were only twenty-six cases
of which the Commerce Court would have
had jurisdiction had it been in existence dur
ing that time.
Yet the Taft crowd wants the people to pay
an expensive court to try eight and two-thirds
cases a year.
PAGE THIRTEEN