SOME PAGES PKOM Ml SC<HAP ‘BOOK
DEADLY WEAPONS OF THE OLD DIXIE
ONCE USED IN FIGHTS TO THE
DEATH.
Two of the most deadly weapons ever in
vented are the Derringer pistol and the Bowie
knife, and once they were the most popular
weapons in the Southern States.
From 1840 to 1865 the derringer was a part
of every Southern gentleman’s personal equip
ment. Usually he had a pair of them and they
were called “bone breakers.” They were in
tended for close quarters, and at twenty feet
their bullets would smash an arm or leg into
splinters. Hardly more than three inches in
the barrel, and carrying about sixty bullets
to the pound, by reason of the peculiarity in
the manner of boring and the arrangement of
the powder chamber, no small pistol ever
drove a bullet with such terrible power and
deadly effect.
The wonderful little derringer became world
renowned. Its history, if eloquently told,
would comprise much of interest and involve
many historic episodes. In every section of
the continent and every country of Europe,
the derringer became a household symbol of
safety, which has given the name a place in
history. From the populous East to the wild
Western borders the trustiest friend of the
pioneer was found in the small and inimitably
perfect pistol which the ingenious brain of
Derringer gave to the world many years ago.
Os all the weapons in modern warfare, or of
those worn by the chivalrous defenders of
honor, none is so effective and perfect as the
derringer. It has been the unerring arbiter
in duels and encounters, the most fatal Neme
sis in the hands of retribution, the most piti
less harbinger of revenge and hate, the most
unfaltering ally of justice or of crime, the
world has even seen.
Favored in Many Duels.
The bullets seek their victims with the
speed of the sun’s rays. Many a tall form
and full brow of promise, many a head hon
ored among men and bearing laurels of fame
above the ashen locks of age, has fallen prone
to earth, red with blood, whose founts these
little balls have pierced. It was a bullet from
a derringer that crashed through the brain of
President Lincoln and plunged the nation in
grief. The assassin Booth selected the der
ringer as the surest messenger of death, and
after he had fired the fatal shot the pistol
dropped to the floor in the box of the thea
ter. It is now in the possession of the War
Department.
Wherever the derringer has ben the messen
ger of fate to man, daily records bear witness
to the irresistible power which lurks in these
light and delicate servants of purple death.
Just behind the line which separates the Dis
trict of Columbia from Maryland, near the
town of Bladensburg, a secluded spot embow
ered with trees, and known as “Blood Run,”
has witnessed many tragic scenes in which the
derringer has figured conspicuously. Not only
at the famous Bladensburg dueling grounds,
but throughout the entire South, the derringer
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
was the favorite weapon on the “field of
honor. ’ ’
About 1830 there lived in Philadelphia a
gunsmith named Derringer, who was noted for
the exquisite fineness of his work on firearms,
and its general excellence, especially in pis
tols. The flintlock was then used, and to in
sure its not missing fire the lock work had to
be done with a great deal of care. In 1833
the contract was let by the government for
pistols to arm the First Regiment of
Dragoons, just created by act of Congress.
Two thousand holster pistols, carrying thirty
bullets to the pound, were wanted. Derringer
had no difficulty in securing the contract, and
also one for thirty-six pairs of officers’ pis
tols of a finer quality. From that time until
1860 he was the first small-arm maker in the
United States in the matter of pistols, or, per
haps, of the world.
Saved His Life Three Times.
Gen. John Magruder, a famous officer of the
artillery in the old army, and a Confederate
major general, owned the finest and most
elaborate pair of pistols that Derringer ever
made. They had two sets of barrels fitted to
each stock. One set was four inches and the
other six inches in length. Each carried sixty
bullets to the pound. The pistols were gold
mounted, with beautiful inlaid work wherever
it could be placed in silver and gold. The
locks were made by Brazier, the most famous
maker of gun locks in England, and these cost
S6O alone. Capt. Magruder said that these
pistols saved his life three times. He could
cut the spots out of the four of spades at
twelve paces. The cost of these pistols could
not have been less than $275; they were pre
sented to the captain when he went to Mexico
to take command of his battery of the First
Artillery.
The fame of the Bowie knife is as wide as
was that of the old-time 32-inch Roman sword.
Two States —Tennessee and Maryland—
claim the birthplace of the inventor, James
Bowie, and the question has never been quite
definitely settled. But he gave the name to a
weapon as deadly as any that has ever been
forged from steel.
Fought Many Duels.
When Louisiana became a State, the old
Spanish and French records created a great
deal of trouble. It frequently happened that
a planter who had taken up a large tract of
land and fairly opened it out as a plantation,
would learn that it was claimed by some one
under an old colonial grant. James Bowie
was a very frequent claimant under these
old laws. Several capitalists of the time had
sent him to Havana, where the old papers of
the Spanish colony of Louisiana were kept,
and caused careful transcripts of them to be
made. They appointed as their agent to put
them in possession of these properties James
Bowie. In these early days it did not take
much provocation to bring on a “personal en
counter,” as a fight to the death was eupho
niously entitled. A man who had been to the
trouble and expense of opening up an estate
only to find it claimed by a lot of people he
did not know, was generally pretty ready to
fight for it, whether a fight would settle the
question or not. The consequence of this state
of things was that James Bowie and his two
brothers, Stephen and Razin, had on hand al
most constantly some sort of “difficulty” that
had to be fought out with deadly weapons.
This was before the days when percussion
caps were in general use, and the smaller pis
tols of the period were flintlocks—inconven
ient to carry and not .very reliable. So the
knife had to be used when one wanted a real
ly trusty weapon.
James Bowie set to work, and with a pocket
knife and shingle he made a model of the kind
of knife that he believed was about the proper
thing for the business he had on hand. The
first “bowie” was made by the local black
smith at Shreveport, La., after the model fur
nished by James Bowie, and it was used by
him for several years. About 1830, however,
Bowie heard of a New Orleans cutler, a Span
iard named Pedro, who was making knives of
a wonderful kind and temper. They could be
driven through a silver dollar without dam
age to point or edge. This artist made Bow
ie a knife which was a marvel of beauty and
temper. The blade was nine inches long, and,
with the handle, measured fifteen inches. This
weapon was used with telling effect by Bow
ie in nineteen different encounters, and it was
the one in his stiffening hand when, with
six dead Mexicans about him, showing the
evidence of his fatal skill, he vras found
dead at the Alamo.
Always Aimed at the Neck.
Bowie’s method of using the knife was
one peculiar to himself. He did not hold
it in his hand with the point downward, but
grasped the handle as a swordsman would
grasp the hilt of his sword. He always struck
at the neck of his man, and aimed for the
jugular, and seldom missed his coup. In the
most famous of his battles, the one fought
on the sand bar on Natchez Island, Missis
sippi river, he cut two men’s heads almost
off, giving each only one sweeping blow. In
this fearful fight there were twelve men
engaged. One of them was James Madison
Wells, known throughout the country as
president of the Louisiana returning board
of 1876-’77. Bowie was very dangerously
wounded, but managed to recover. While
down on the ground with an antagonist on
top of him who weighted thirty pounds
more than did Bowie, the indomitable fighter
managed to get his left arm around his
enemy’s neck, and then with a sudden right
hand cut he severed the other man’s jugular
with an awful slash, and was almost smoth
ered by the terrible outgush of blood that
poured from the wound.
James Bowie weighed only 140 pounds when
at his prime. He was a quiet, soft-voiced
man, who never drank nor dissipated in any
way. He possessed enormous physical
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE