PAGE TWELVE
THAT CONGRESSIONAL BLACKLIST.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
but there were a sufficient number of Demo
crats who joined the Republicans to carry
victory to the Lumber Trust. Among these
Assistant Republicans was our correspondent’s
friend, the Hon. Mr. Lever, of South Carolina.
Just above his name is that of Gordon Lee, of
Georgia. Just below is that of Mr. Living
stone, of Georgia, and then comes Mr. Long
worth, of Ohio. Mr. Adamson of Georgia,
was also one of those who followed the Re
publican leader, Mr. Payne, ot New York, on
this important point. And so did Mr. Brantley
and Tom Bell, of Georgia. Also Bennett of
Kentucky, Broussard of Louisiana, Brownlow
of Tennessee, Clark of Florida, Dies of Texas,
Edwards of Georgia, Edwards of Kentucky,
Gaines -of West Virginia, Gregg of Texas,
Gordon of Tennessee, Ransdell of Louisiana,
Ellerbe of South Carolina, Pou, Page, Small,
Webb, Thomas and Godwin, of North Caro
lina ; Pujo, Watkins, Wycliff and Estopinal, of
Louisiana; Lamb, Lassiter, Maynard, Glass
and Saunders, of Virginia.
The Jeffersonian takes no pleasure in show
ing up the treachery of the Southern Demo
crats. It is with a sense of shame and despair
that we publish the list. The great unorgan
ized common people stay at home, while the
Lumber Trust, the Steel Trust, the Associated
Bankers, the Standard Oil Company and the
Railway interests are represented in
Washington by powerful lobbies that put their
pressure upon Southern Congressmen, just
as is done upon Congressmen from all other
sections. Therefore, while the people are at
home pitching their crops, running their stores
and their mills, attending to their private af
fairs, their Congressmen are betraying them to
their commercial enemies by making tariff
schedules which will add to the cost of every
article which the common people have to buy
and which the great trusts have to sell.
According to the tariff laws which these
black sheep Congressmen are helping the
Republicans to put upon the country, every
article which the South has to sell will have
to be sold in competition with producers
throughout the world, whereas everything that «
we have to buy will have to be bought in the
market of tariff-made monopoly.
* M H
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
Now that the Senate has the Tariff bill in
charge, changes will be made which will alter
the looks of the measure from bad to worse.
On the first day, Aldrich and his followers
decided to strike out the inheritance tax clause
and keep the 20 per cent duty on all refined
products of petroleum.
This is a fair example of what may be ex
pected by the people from the Senate.
The Senate will see that the Trusts are not
hurt.
What looked like a good thing for the peo
ple in the Payne Tariff Bill when it passed the
House, proves to be a “joker’" that will not
set well with the people.
It was understood that the House had placed
oil on the free list applied to all products of
petroleum.
Congressmen who wanted oil on the free
list voted for the bill thinking it put oil on the
free list, and so thought the newspapers.
But it did not put oil on the free list and
that is where the “joker,” which is a very poor
joke to all except the Standard Oil crowd,
comes in.
Crude petroleum is placed on the free list,
but the refined products must pay a duty of
20 per cent.
And how does the Standard Oil Company
gain by this?
The Oil Trust buys most of its crude petro
leum in the open market and does its own re
fining in this country, and in this way escapes
the duty on refined products.
Jeffersonian
The Standard can go into Mexico and buy
cheap petroleum which is shipped to its re
fineries in the United States free of duty.
But the Mexican oil man who could sell
the people of this country his refined products
as cheap in proportion as he sells Rockefeller
his crude petroleum is shut out bv a duty
of 20 per cent on his refined products.
In other words the Oil Trust has a stronger
strangle hold on the people than it had be
fore.
The Standard Oil Company may buy crude
petroleum in Mexico, or anywhere else, bring
it here and refine it and rob the consumer out
of the twenty per cent which the Mexican
refiner would have to pay to compete with
Rockefeller and his gang.
*
As the inheritance tax clause of the present
Tariff Bill is attracting so much attention, it
is interesting to read the report of Charles
M. Pepper, who has been investigating the
British system for the Bureau of Manufactu
ries, Department of Commerce and Labor, in
connection with the tariff revision.
The report shows that of the various classes
of inheritance taxes the chief sources of revenue
are estates proper, which last year netted Great
Britain approximately $71,500,000; legacies,
$19,500,000, and successions, $3,500,000.
This makes an aggregate of $94,500,000 out
of a total internal revenue of $480,000,000, or
almost one-fifth.
Then too, this $94,500,000 is drawn from a
population of about 44,000,000 people, and
about 4.000 estates paid the bulk of the
$94,500,000.
The gross value of the estates contributing
to the inheritance tax in 1908 was $1,528,-
000,000. The number of estates contributing
was $67,533 an d out of this number less than
4.000 of the richer estates contribhted the bulk
oi the total amount of income from this source,
$94,500,000.
If a British inheritance tax, drawn from a
population of 44,000,000, brings in a revenue
of $94,500,000, to the British government,
and if 3.915 estates, valued at $50,000 and up
wards, pay the bulk of this tax, what would be
the amount of revenue such a tax would bring
to the United States government when we
have a population twice as great and thousands
of estates valued at over $50,000?
If Congress would pass an inheritance and
income tax measure, give us a parcels post,
and establish postal savings banks, we would
have no need for other sources of revenue to
run the government.
On the other hand, we would soon have a
surplus in the national treasury running into
the millions instead of a yearly deficit of mil
lions.
It seems that Texas has a governor who
made certain campaign pledges, and is deter
mined to carrv them out, or let the people “at
home” know the reasons why he failed.
The regular session of the legislature failed
to enact some State platform demands into
law, and the governor called the legislature in
extraordinary session.
Here are a few extracts from the governor's
special message to the legislature:
“The carpings of the lobbyists may be
echoed in our legislative halls in criticism
and denunciation of the executive, but no man
has yet denied that I have acted within my
duty and with fidelitv to the masses of the
people. In the contest for honest legislation
and good government. I never asked tor quar
ter, and will extend none. The most infamous
lobby that ever tramped upon the will of the
people has swarmed about this capitol from the
beginning of your regular session until this
hour.
“The farmer is busy in his field. He can not
come to the capitol to protect his interests. He
relies upon you and me. I have interpreted the
Democratic platform without the aid of the
liquor lobby, the railroad lobby, or the com
mercial secretaries’ lobby, which last-men-
tioned instrument is the nucleus around which
is gathered every selfish interest now repre
sented at the capitol.
“Your regular session of sixty days was of
little value to the people. Not a single plat
form demand was enacted into law, one was
defeated, and you adjourned without even
considering the appropriation bill, whereupon
the lobby applauded.”
The same conditions exist, and have existed
for years, in other States.
But what other governor has so fearlessly
and openly defied the Trusts, and their hire
lings in the State legislatures?
The citv of San Francisco has been after
the grafters for sometime and through the un
tiring efforts of a fearless attorney several of
the former city officials are now wearing
stripes.
Frank J. Heney, the special prosecutor in
the graft cases, came near losing his life be
cause he went after the big grafter as hard
as he did the little ones. After he recovered
from the would-be assassin’s wound, he did
not to get frightened and’quit.
On the other hand, he went for the rascals
harder than ever.
Among those indicted for big graft is Pat
rick Calhoun, well known to many people
along the line of the Central of Georgia Rail
road as Pat Calhoun.
Calhoun was charged with bribing certain
city officials to get special privileges for his
city railways, and the district attorney had
certain papers which he considered positive
proof of Calhoun’s guilt.
But a few days ago it was discovered that
the papers had been stolen, and Calhoun was
supposed to be the man who had them stolen.
But Calhoun made a mistake in sizing up
the men who were on his trail.
Several days after the theft W. J. Burns,
who had been at the head of the evidence-'hun
ters in the graft crusade, entered Calhoun’s
office with a search warrant and demanded
that he be allowed to search the place.
Calhoun and his employees refused the de
mand.
Burns then smashed his way into Calhoun’s
private office, broke open his private safe, and,
it is claimed, found the stolen evidence.
Evidently those San Francisco prosecutors
have become convinced that they must fight
the devil with fire.
President Taft has notified Congressmen
that he will not consider judicial appointments
as congressional patronage.
This means that hereafter Judges will be
appointed because of their ability instead of
their political affiliations.
And this is nothing but right.
I'o appoint a man Judge because he has
been a good political henchman is an outrage.
Keep the Bench free from politics by keep
ing politicians off the Bench.
*
Congress is still hammering away at the
tariff schedule—making a big fuss and doing
very little.
Members of each different section want the
commodities of their section protected while
they want those of the other sections put on
the free list.
I hat is the way it stands at present, with
the exception of the South.
Under the present proposed new tariff
schedule, the South will bear the greater part
of the burden.
And we hear very little protest from our
Southern representatives.
Senator Bacon is making a fight to have the
present rate of $2 per thousand on lumber
remain as it is, which is the rate wanted by
the big lumber dealers.
* 'i-u •