A MAN WHO WILL NOT
SURRENDER.
Kensington, Md.
To the Editor of The Jeffersonians:
Enclosed find money order for two
dollars. One, dollar of this amount
has been handed me by Mr. J. Harry
Cunningham, who desires to become a
subscriber to the Jeffersonian Maga
zine, beginning with the January
number of this year. It may be of
interest to note here that Mr. Cun
ningham is the cartoonist of the
Washington (D. C.) Herald. Mr.
Cunningham has often expressed his
admiration of Mr. Watson’s talents
and ability as a journalist, and of his
character and patriotism as a man
and citizen of a great State. Hence,
it is but natural that our cartoonist
should want to read the Jeffersonian
Magazine every month, year in and
year out.
The other dollar is my own, which
I cheerfully contribute to help pay
the expenses which you have incurred
in the late campaign of the People’s
Party in Georgia. To my mind it was
an able and brilliant effort upon the
part of all hands engaged in it. The
good work thus accomplished by Mr.
Watson and the patriotic seventeen
thousand who stood shoulder to shoul
der with him throughout that memor
able contest, will indeed be far
reaching. Its bearing upon the fu
ture politics of this country will be
something extraordinary. Mark the
prediction. Men who were then curs
ing, misrepresenting and persecuting
the undaunted leader of our common
cause will become his most zealous
followers. They will repeat his
words of wisdom. They will buy his
books and them.
Go to the’ pages of history and
study the facts. From the days of
the great Nazarene down to the pres
ent time, the reformer was first a
devil, then a man, then a demi
god. And so it will happen with Mr.
Watson’s most malicious persecutors
—if death does not overtake them ere
the light of reason illumines their
perverted minds. After awhile they
will begin to think, —revolutions
cause most men to think, more or less
—and then with many of them it will
be a ease of Saul of Tarsus. It will
be history simply repeating itself.
Therefore I consider it a duty to
help bear part of the burden of that
ever-memorable campaign, and in
sending my mite regret that circum
stances prevent me from making it a
hundred dollars instead of one.
Every man who has been enslaved
by party fealty and who has been
driven by the party las'h in the hands
of a designing, selfish, insignificant
boss, with a little pull of some kind
somewhere, can readily understand
how it was that you were “turned
down” at the polls in Georgia. Un
questionably, there are in this coun
try enough honest men who believe
in genuine, pure Democracy, as laid
down in the platform of the People’s
Party, to have elected you over
whelmingly at the late election if they
could have been liberated from party
bondage long enough to have thought
a little and studied for themselves the
real questions at issue. But the
greedy, boodling politicians do not in
tend to have the people think for
themselves. Why? Because no man
knows better than the politicians
themselves —these so-called leaders of
both the old aggregations of pluto
cracy—that the success of any and
every movement of reform and better
ment for the people, sounds the death
knell of graft, grafters and graft
ing.
But we must not become discour
aged. We must continue the fight.
We must fortify ourselves with the
facts of history. We must cling to
the principles of truth, liberty, inde
pendence. And, finally and always,
we must adhere to our rights of equal
freedom, equal justice, and equal op
portunity for every man to work out
his own salvation according to the
talents with which nature has en
dowed him.
Hoping there will be a meeting in
the near future of representative men
of the People’s Party to talk over
matters with a view to reorganization
for further reform work, and wishing
you a full measure of success with
your publications, I remain,
Very respectfully,
George S. Krouse.
WE’VE ALWAYS BEEN PRO
VIDED FOR.
“Good wife, what are you singing
for? You know we’ve lost the hay,
And what we’ll do with horse and
kine is more than I can say;
While like as not, with storm and rain
we’ll lose both corn and wheat.”
She looked up with a pleasant face,
and answered low and sweet:
“There is a Heart, there is a Hand,
we feel,-but can not see;
We’ve always been provided for, and
we shall always be.”
He turned round with a sudden gloom.
She said: “Love, be at rest;
You cut the grass, worked soon and
late, you did your very best.
That was your work; you’d naught at
all to do with wind and rain,
And no doubt but that you will reap
rich fields of golden grain;
For there’s a Heart, and there’s a
Hand, we feel, but can not see —
We’ve always been provided for, and
we shall always be.”
“That’s like a woman’s reasoning—
we must, because we must.”
She softly said: “I reason not, I only
work and trust;
The harvest may redeem the day—-
keep heart, whate’er betide,
When one door shuts, I’ve always seen
another open wide.
There is a Heart, there is a Hand, we
• feel, but can not see;
We’ve always been provided for, and
we shall always be.”
Days come and go —’twas Christmas
tide and the great fire burned clear
The farmer said : 14 Dear wife, it’s
been a good and happy year;
The fruit was gain, the surplus corn
has bought the hay, you know.”
She lifted then a smiling face, and
said: “I told you so!
For there’s a Heart, and there’s a
Hand, we feel, but can not see;
We’ve always been provided for, and
we shall always be.”
—North East Argus.
NAMESAKE CONTEST.
'Subscriptions to both Weekly and
Magazine are accepted in this con
test. Read the advertisement, and
write to The Jeffersonians, Thomson,
Ga.
tSfye 3&ffersontan
Cora B. Miller
Gives A Fortune
She Will Spend $50,000 In Giving Medical
Treatment Absolutely Free to
Suffering Women.
Send No Money. Just Your Name and Address If You Are a Sufferer
From Any Woman’s Disease or Piles.
In the past few years Mrs. Miller has
given $125,000.00 in sending medicine to
afflicted women.
Several years ago Mrs. Miller learned
of a mild and simple preparation that
cured herself and several friends of fe-
- 1 ■ —— . -—i,.
-A. xZ*-
~if.-
iOF iwl
Mrs. Miller’s Home From Here She
Directs the Distribution of Her Medi
cine to Those Who Suffer.
male weakness and piles. She was be
sieged by so many women needing treat
ment that she decided to furnish it to
those who might call for it. She started
with only a few dollars capital, and the
remedy, possessing true and wonderful
merit, producing many cures when doc
tors and other remedies failed, the de
mand grew so rapidly she was several
times compelled to seek larger quarters.
She now occupies one of the city’s largest
office buildings, which she owns, and al
most one hundred lady clerks and ste
nographers are required to assist in this
great business.
Some time ago it was announced that
she would give to women who suffered
from female diseases another $10,000.00
worth of her medicine. She has fulfilled
this promise but as she is still receiving
requests from thousands upon thousands
of women from all parts of the world,
who have not yet used her remedy, she
has decided to give away $50,000.00 worth
more to those who are suffering and una
ble to find relief.
Mrs. Miller's wonderful remedy is espe
cially prepared for the speedy and per-
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. . . Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2%
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ca.
; manent cure of leucorrhea or whit ish dis
charges, ulceration, displacements or fall
! ing of the womb, profuse, scanty or pain
ful periods, uterine or ovarian tumors or
! growths; also pains in the head, back and
I bowels, bearing down feelings, uervous
; ness, creeping feeling up the spine, mel
i ancholy, desire 1o cry, hot flashes, weari
j ness and piles from any cause or no mat
i ter of how long standing.
Every woman sufferer, unable to find
i relief, who will write Mrs. Miller now,
j without delay, will receive by mail free
| of charge, a 50-cent box of her simple
, home remedy, also her book with explana
tory illustrations showing why women
suffer and how they can easily cure them
selves at home without the aid of a
physician.
AH that is necessary is to cut out the
coupon at the bottom of this page, fill in
your name and address and send it to
Mrs. .Miller, Kokomo, Ind. The medicine
j and book will be sent to you at once.
' Send now before the $50,000.00 worth is
all gone.
This Noted Divine Says:
‘T a n personally acquainted with Mrs.
Cora B. Miller. I most cheerfully and
voluntarily testify that myself and fam
| ily have been greatly benefited by the use
■ of Mrs. Miller's home remedies and heart-
■ ily recommend them to rhe general pub
lic.”— Rev. P. G. Roscamp, D. D.» Presby-
j terian Minister.
Do not delay. Send the coupon today.
Free Treatment Coupon.
This Coupon is good for a full
sized regular 50-cent package of
i Mrs. Miller s Mild Home Treat
ment. Just fill In your name and
address on dotted lines below and
mail at once to Mrs. Cora B. Mil
ler, 7324 Miller Bldg., Kokomo. Ind.,
and you will receive the remedy in
plain package at once.
PAGE FIFTEEN