PAGE TWELVE
The Husband’s Victim
(concluded from page 9)
five manners, —every art was practiced to fas
cinate, enthrall and conquer.
And then, when the little hand was in his,
and the trusting heart completely captivated,
what gallant vows he swore to make her
happy!
Yes, we all do that. And at the altar we
call upon God and His angels to witness the
sacred compact, between this man and this
woman.
In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, the
wife does her very best to make the home
happy. She merges herself in the life of her
husband. He is the King. She wants to
please him, studies to please him, schemes and
works to please him, is in raptures when she
does please him. The normal woman, believ
ing herself soul-mated, glories in the renun
ciation of self, —in the sweet, confiding sur
render to her Man. For there is no other:
he’s all the world to her, and she has no
dream of anybody else.
And then comes the gradual, horrible
awakening. She has made a frightful mis
take. The husband is not the man she thought
he was. There is no reciprocal sacrifice, ten
derness, effort to please. There is a matter
of-fact acceptance of her marital offerings;
a complacent acquiescence in her willingness
to serve; an indifferent recognition of the
fact that she is a good housekeeper, a neat
and ready cook, a useful sewer-on of buttons,
an attentive menial who can be depended on
at all hours of every day and every night in
every week of every month of every year.
She is heart-hungry for caressing words
and embraces. She is not fed. She is soul
thirsty for appreciation and affectionate ten
derness. She is not given a single cup to
drink.
If she makes a trifling mistake in house
hold affairs, she is scolded. If something
wrong happens to the domestic economy, she
is blamed. If everything goes right, she gets
no praise. The smile of her lord is for the
public,—he leaves it at the front door of his
home. If he frowns at the public or rails at
it, he will lose by it: he can scowl and growl
at his wife, without being punished. The
world does not see or hear, and his wife is
too proud to tell. She suffers in silence, —
year after year.
She loses her good looks. The husband will
remind her of it. Her figure becomes thin
and unshapely. The husband will comment
on it. In some cases, he begrudges her enough
to eat. In others, he grumbles at buying her
something to wear, ff/mn, sordid, selfish
brute, he puts his heavy feet on the most
beautiful traits of her character, and slowly,
unfeelingly, inhumanly, tramples the life out
of them.
He goes to his place of business, or to his
club, or to the lobby of the hotel, or to the
ball game: he enjoys rest, relaxation, sport
and pastime and recreation. His wife does
not. Poor, lonesome horse-of-the-tread-mill,
she gets no release; duty drives her round
and round and round. There is nothing to
give her variety, nothing to alleviate her tor
ture, nothing to flash a ray of hope into her
dismal, dreary, wretchedly monotonous and
monotonously wretched existence.
She had thought of it a thousand times, —
that Last Day. Time and again, the tempter
whispered: over and often she had looked
wistfully through that gate, and upon the
restful fields beyond. But she had lingered,
—with the hope-for-something-better which
keeps so many despairing souls alive.
But it came at length, that Last Day. Some
little thing, a mere trifle perhaps, or some ad
ditional strength in the temptation, or some
weakening of the power of resistance, —and,
with a fearful cry of, “Z can't stand this any
longer!" she crosses the bar and passes out
into the Shoreless Sea.
'Glje ’Jeffersonian
“Locked Arms With the Devil"
A lady Baptist, as lovely a Christian wom
an as I ever knew, —and I have known her
ever since we went to school together,—had
her feelings hurt, a Sabbath or two ago, be
cause her pastor personated me, and declared
that I had Mocked arms with the Devil".
She didn’t mind it quite so much when the
Methodist evangelist, Rev. O. B. Close, said
that I and all my followers were in league
with the Old Boy.
But what have I done to provoke such in
temperate abuse?
Reverently and repeatedly, I have stated
my belief that we should obey Christ, and
send the glad tidings of “Jesus and Him cru
cified’’ to all the world. Reverently and fre
quently, I have said that we ought to walk in
the footsteps of Paul and his fellow mission
aries.
But just as years of my life have been spent
in trying to convince the people that, in gov
ernmental affairs, our nation has gone wrong,
so 1 am making the effort to prove that the
churches have left the old land-marks, in this
matter of Foreign Missions.
Not until comparatively recent years has
the work assumed the character it now bears.
It is a new’ fangle, entirely. It is of man, not
of God. There isn’t a single word in the Bi
ble that can be properly construed to uphold
it. The preachers themselves are divided
on it. Some of the oldest and best of the mis
sionaries have condemned it. Not only did
these consecrated heralds of Christ write let
ters to the Home Boards urging them to do
away with the subsidies, the bribes to these
needy and greedy pagans of the Oriental
world, but in at least one case, the missionary
came all the way from China to make his per
sonal appeal to the Baptist Association.
And what did the head men of our denom
ination do? Snubbed him, and “broke him”,
as they say in military circles. The mission
ary was Rev. T. P. Crawford, who, with his
wife, had spent fifty years in the Chinese
field.
Who were the men that snubbed him, and
broke him? Big-salary clergymen, whose la
bors and experience had been confined to the
larger cities of this country.
What could they know about the real situ
ation in China ? How could they, at this dis
tance, judge of conditions, below the surface,
in China?
Dr. Crawford and his wife had no motive
to misrepresent their own work. In effect,
Dr. Crawford declared to the Baptists of
America, —“Z have been following this sub
sidy plan for fifty years, and I am bound to
confess that it is a failure. It does not make
Christians out of the Chinese: it simply hires
them to act the hypocrite. Let us stop it, and
go back to the method of Peter and Paul, of
Patrick and Columba, of Augustin and Las
Casas."
In substance, that was Dr. Crawford’s ap
peal. I studied the facts as presented by his
biographer, Rev. L. S. Foster, in the book,
“Fifty Years in China”. Those facts con
vinced me.
Anybody else who will come to the subject
with an open mind, and who will read that
book, and “Mission Economics”, by Rev. C.
11. Carpenter, will almost surely reach the
same conclusion that I did.
These two missionaries knew the foreign
field intimately. Their evidence is of the
highest and best character. I don’t believe
that either of them had locked arms with the
Devil, and if Z have, he has, with singular
success, taken the disguise of my Conscience.
(P. S. —My lady friend, who wrote me
about this matter, must ask her pastor wheth
er he knows that one of the great sermons
preached by Charles Spurgeon contained a
warning word, of prophetic power, on the
dangers of the unscriptural missionary meth
ods that I have attacked?)
Does he know that Dr. John A. Broadus
passionately pleaded for a “return to New
Testament ideas of Missions" ?
Does he know that Charles Spurgeon said
just what I have said, viz.: “they do not set
about their work in the Apostolic style"? He
said this in Sermon XVI. on “Gospel Mis
sions”—quoted in Rev. J. A. Scarboro’s book.
g] g| H
Turn This Negro Loose!
An item of news in the Augusta (Ga.)
Herald:
“Clinton, S. C.—Elliott McDowell, colored, was
shot to death Thursday evening by Will Watson,
another negro, on the farm of Geo. M. Davis, near
Clinton.
“McDowell committed a grave deed against the
wife of Watson, the slayer—and acknowledged to
the infuriated husband that he was guilty.
“Watson was satisfied to accept all the conse
quences in connection with the defense of his
home, and made no attempt to escape.
“Watson is lodged in the local jail to await his
trial.”
Whenever a negro imitates the white men,
—in their inflexible determination to preserve
the sanctity of the home, he should be given
the benefit of the white man's Unwritten
Loav.
® g] m
The Poor Missionary’s Dinner
of Herbs
Somebody sends us a copy of Woman's Mis
sionary Advocate, for July 9, 1909, with this
paragraph marked:
“The dinner ordered consisted of soup, bread
and butter, baked fish and sauce, nice rare broiled
beefsteak and two vegetables, broiled snipe on
toast (think of it! Good? I taste it yet), a pud
ding with sauce, tea, and the very poorest of cof
fee, which I try to forget. This abundant supply
of good things cost us less than 30 cents gold
each, and that in ‘heathen China.’ ”
The above toothsome and elaborate dinner
w T as enjoyed by Mrs. S. S. Harris and Misses
Richardson and Claiborne, missionary school
teachers at Shanghai, China. The vacation
season is on, out there, and these American
ladies were giving themselves a pleasure trip
to Nanking. Mrs. Harris describes how she
and her travelling companions read a novel as
they journeyed, and how they laughed and
cried over it.
(Mercy! I did not know that the success
ors of Miss Laura Haygood and Dr. Young
J. Allen read novels in China, and laughed
and cried over imaginary happenings to ficti
tious characters. I’m shocked!)
Then Mrs. Harris tells how “us girls on a
lark” ordered an elaborate dinner, to which
was added some delicacies from the lunch bas
ket us girls had fetched with us!
My! What appetites we missionaries do
have!
“The dinner ordered consisted of”—turn
back and re-peruse quoted paragraph. Then
read this staggering statement:
“Fried chicken and beaten biscuits from our
own lunch basket were placed upon the table.”
Now let’s see:
We missionary teachers had already order
ed an elaborate dinner of fish, rare broiled
beefsteak, broiled snipe-on-toast, and pud
ding, besides the soup, the sauce, the vegeta
bles, and the bread and butter.
But it wasn’t sufficient. Fried chicken had
to reinforce the snipe and the beefsteak, and
the beaten biscuit had to supplement the
bread and butter.
Ain’t you glad that the common people who
are members of the church in America can
afford to give us missionaries such a good
time in China ? Beefsteak, fried chicken,
and snipe, all at one clutter, —a regular epi
curean spread!
Now listen:
Some time ago when I said that a mission
ary salary of SI,OOO in China was equivalent