PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga.
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Glorious Champions of the South
The North Carolina Pine Timber Associa
tion has a large capital and great power. The
sum of $20,000,000 represents its money and
the votes of the two Tar Heel Senators repre
sents its power.
Messrs. Simmons and Overman wear the
Democratic tag. Not on your life must you
call them Republicans. Therefore, when you
see both these high-stepping, well-paid pa
triots voting with the Republicans in obedi
ence to the demands of the Lumber Trust,
you may bet your bottom dollar that they can
give a good excuse for it.
Senators Simmons and Overman have kind
ly stooped and condescended to explain why
they voted squarely against that plank of the
Democratic platform which promised the
dear people immediate relief from the taxes
on lumber, timber and logs.
Messrs. Simmons and Overman take the
lofty position of champions of the down-trod
den South. This well-groomed and well
matched Senatorial pair assert that, since the
Republicans were responsible for making the
tariff bill, and since it was to be a high tariff
bill, “we (Simmons and Overman) did not
propose to see our section discriminated
against.”
Oh, the dear, dauntless, devoted champions
of the down-trodden South! “We”, Sim
mons and Ocerman, “did not propose” that
the voracious North should hog the whole
thing. We did not propose that our section
should be left out in the cold when the good
things were being handed around. As per
the ennobling gospel of our once valiant re
foimei, Ben Tillman, “If there’s to be any
stealing, I want my share.”
Purifying precepts,—inspiring examples,—
leading the youth of the land onward and up
ward to the realms of sweetness and light!
The incorrigible North had given the Steel
I rust a license-to-rob: consequently, we
Southern statesmen would look around us to
see if there was a Lumber Trust which
wanted a special privilege of the same sort.
By licensing a few Southern corporations
to rob the people, the South gets her share of
the plunder which the Northern corporations
gather dn.
If we cannot rescue the common people of
all the sections from the exploitation of
oi them capitalists, we will turn loose on the
victims a few more exploiters.
“We did not propose that our section should
be discriminated against.” Therefore, we
boldly voted in such away that, whereas the
northern Steel Trust can charge two prices
for every piece of iron and steel goods the
South has to buy, the evil will be offset by
giving the Lumber Trust the power to make
the people pay more for every house, every
fence, every roof, every wooden bridge, every
framed church, every school-house, and for
much of the furniture that goes into the
homes of the common people.
To remedy the evil of Special Privilege
which allows a few Northern capitalists to
14 July 22, 1909
Jeffersonian
oppress the consumer of the whole country,
we will create by law the same advantages
for a few Southern capitalists. The South
will thus be plundered by some of her own
corporations, and is expected to be happy be
cause, while she loses more than ever, the loot
will go to such concerns as the North Carolina
Pine Timber Association and the Georgia-
Florida Saw Mill Association.
® ® ®
Interesting to Labor Unions
The U. S. Statistical Abstract for 1908 is
just out. Among various other valuable re
ports, it gives the gross value of manufactures
and the gross wages paid.
According to the high tariff advocates, they
want foreign competitors kept out, in order
that they may have a fair chance to pay Amer
ican labor big wages.
Uncle Sam s official report on manufactures
ought to show that as the tariff is increased
and the value of the manufactured products
boosted, labor's share grows larger, also.
Sad to relate, the Statistical Abstract does
not prove that to be the fact.
Under the low tariff of the Forties, and up
to 1850, Labor got one-fourth of the value of
the product. That is, the capitalists engaged
in manufacturing got three dollars to Labor’s
one.
In 1860, the tariff was higher, and wages
bore a smaller proportion to the value of the
product. The manufacturers got $1,885,861,-
676, while the wages paid was $378,878,966.
This was about one-fifth.
In 1870, the Morrill act had largely in
creased the tariff rates, and the capitalistsigot
$4,232,325,442 for the finished products. The
work-people who turned out the goods were
paid $775,584,343. This was much less than
one-fifth.
In 1880, under about the same law, the pro
portion varied but little.
In 1890, the McKinley bill, “the culmina
ting atrocity of class-legislation,” was in oper
ation, and the capitalists pocketed $9,372,000,-
000 for the finished products. The amount of
wages paid was $1,891,000,000, a trifle more
than one-fifth. But while the laborers ap
peared to have lost nothing in their pro rata
share, they had in fact lost much of it, by rea
son of the higher prices for the necessaries of
life which the higher tariff forced them to pay.
In 1900, the Dingley tariff, higher than Mc-
Kinley’s, gave the manufacturers $13,000,000,-
000. In wages, Labor got $2,322,000,000.
Thus the wage-earner’s share dropped to
nearly one-sixth, out of which he had to pay
at least twenty per cent, more for his supplies.
In 1905, under the same high tariff, the
manufacturers got nearly fifteen billion dol
lars for their stuff, while Labor was paid a
little more than two and one-half billions.
It costs Labor at least twice as much to live
now, as it did in 1850, or in 1860. Yet Labor’s
share of the manufactured products has de
creased nearly 50 per cent.,—although the
tariff has been climbing skyward, at each
change m the law.
It is certainly an astonishing thing that the
capitalists can deceive one generation of
American laborers after another by tellino
them that the wall which shuts out foreign
competition is built in the interest of Labor
Even the blind ought to be able to see that the
tariff gives the manufacturer a monopoly of
the home market, and that the monopolist im
partially fleeces everybody.
® ®] ®
/ Eli Tucker, Son of Old Dan
We had honestly believed that Old Dan
1 ucker, who got drunk and fell in the fire and
kicked up a chunk, died without lea vino
lineal descendants. We find, however that
we were in error about this. Old Dan’s pos
terity is still surviving; and one of them, who
has not yet got there, is named Eli. He lives
in Buncombe County, or thereabouts, in North
Carolina; besides which he writes things for
the newspapers that cause the children to fall
off the fence.
The paper that Old Dan’s son Eli writes
for is called the Yalter Jacket, for the reason
that it was originally green and has become
more so as it has grown older.
One of the latest things that Eli Tucker put
in the Yalter Jacket reads this way, because it
is historical:
(When Jefferson came into power he found a Fed
eralist snugly tucked away in every office, because
while Washington and Adams always selected men of
high character, they made sure to pick those of their
own political faith. When Jefferson took charge he
made party allegiance the basis of appointment and he
was everlastingly right on that score. He didn’t stop
at selecting Jeffersonians, Republicans as they were
then called, to fill new places, but he bounced every
Federalist in sight and put in one of his men. He even
went into the courts and fired Federal judges whose
tenure was fixed by the Constitution at good behavior.
He had Congress repeal the law that provided for 16
circuit judgeships, and in this way actually legislated
16 judges out of office. What is more remarkable is
that there was a clause in the repealing act which pro
vided for a suspension of the Supreme Court of the
United States for a period of fourteen months, so that
the law he had had enacted to get rid of his Federalist
judges could not be declared unconstitutional.) I have
never yet heard a Democrat censure Jefferson for this
partisan measure. Why? Because he had to do it to
carry his point. If President Taft wants to see the
South Republicanized he will have to let up on eating
Democratic ’possum dinners and putting Democrats in
fat offices and turn to his own party people.
In my letter in next issue, Mr. Editor, I am going to
take up the political questions as we see them here in
the South, and I am going to make a few remarks for
our benefit as a party. There are some mighty good
signs in the elements for Republicanism. I’ve got a
plan to catch Democrats in droves. In a few months
now and the cunning ones will be out after suckers.
Let’s make use of our opportunities. Let us let down
our buckets.
With best wishes, I am, yours to help get the Demo
crats right side up, with care. Eli Tucker.
We allow a generous amount of space to
Old Dan Tucker’s wandering boy, because it
may interest the readers of the Jeffersonian
to know what curious wild animals some
times break into journalistic pastures.
You are wrong about Jefferson, Eli. He
was not the father of the “Spoils System”.
That was Andrew Jackson, don’t you know.
Jefferson j ust had to abolish those new federal
courts, because there wasn’t any business for
so many judges, and the creation of the new
districts and things was a trick of the Fed
eralists to undermine the State Courts and
Jeffersonianism generally.
“He (Jefferson) bounced every Federalist
in sight.” You are too gay, Eli, —too entire
ly and recklessly gay. By very slow degrees,
during his eight years in the White House,
Mr. Jefferson did ease out of office quite a
number of stubborn Feds who mulishly re
fused to see the error of their way; but there
was no whole-sale bouncing done.
You are “sure” thinking about Jackson,
Eli.
Says Eli, the gay and reckless, —
I ve got a plan to catch the Democrats in droves.”
What is it, Eli? Out with it, quick. Tell
us what your plan is, to catch ’em; and then
whirl in and tell us what to do with ’em, after
we catch ’em.
I or instance, when you have corralled the
entire herd, and discover that nearly one-half
of the lot are utterly and bitterly unlike the
other half, —what’s your plan for harmoniz
ing the oil and the water, the cats and the
rats?
® ® F«]
Dr. Reemelin ’s Farewell
No reform movement ever had a more un
selfish and devoted adherent than Dr. R. H.
Reemelin of Cincinnati, Ohio. In the June
number of the little magazine which he has
been publishing we deeply regret to find this
notice:
“This is the last number of the Ohio Liberty Bell. I
have had great pleasure in editing it. During the four
and a half years that I have published the Bell, I have
not had a. case of the blues, because I found humanity
the same in political parties as in lodges, churches and