and by the possession of a sufficient vocabu
lary, almost any measure may be robbed of
every apparent harm, and gotten through on
some mystifying or hypnotic tangle of words,
whose true intent is discovered by the public
only when the harm is almost irreparable.
Is the Gerry Society defunct? It would
seem so to one who patronizes the innumera
ble small theatres, where
These Babies
Need Bread
and Milk
and Bed.
wights, not a vestige of talent appears; their
little, tired, wooden countenances appeal to
the audience from very sympathy, not because
the audience has been in the least amused by
the mechanical gyrations, and shrill little
screeches. The disposition arises in the aver
age individual to rise, wipe the disfiguring
grease paint off the baby faces, and put the
tired little things to bed. And then he thinks:
“Well, perhaps if they didn’t do this, they
wouldn’t have a bite to eat.” It is so pathetic
to watch them go through the labored efforts
to remember the lines and do the “cute” acts
that have been drilled into their uncompre
hending infant minds. Who gets the money
for trotting them through the hourly per
formance of the popular Nickelodeons? It is
absolutely unnatural, of course, and to the
average child who has no talent must be sheer
torture. The theatres referred to are not
A PERSONAL APPEAL
I |H®|IO all those who are interested in the
I welfare of Watson’s Magazine and The
I Ik!m Jeffersonian, I want to make a per-
I sonal appeal to sit down and write to me at
I once, on a postal card:
I “I promise to send. subscriptions to Watson 9 s
I Magazine or The Jeffersonian before the end of 1910."
I These pledges will be published in the I
I paper and the magazine. I
I The first pledge is that of a busy news- I
I paper man, Mr. C. F. Dodson, editor of The I
I Gateway, Bremen, Ga., who promises to send
| one subscription each week, fifty-two in 1910.
I If you believe in Mr. Watson, if you think
I that what he says and advocates is just and
I right and true, give us 100,000 new subscri-
I bers this year. Set your mark high.
I This is a call for volunteers.
I Thomson, Ga. JAMES LANIER,
I Feb. 12, 1910 Business Manager
tots constitute an increas
ingly large number of the
“talent”. The sad part of
it is, though, that in most
of these unfortunate little
3effersonlan
those which put on even high-class vaude
ville, or where artistic families may work in
concert, with some care and some home life.
It is the development of the moving
picture show, of which there are hundreds,
and the small children who are forced upon
the stage not because they can do anything,
but because they are children and, as such
make an appeal to the average patron by
reason of the very pitiableness of the thing.
«•*
'«•
Not less distressing to the humanitarian is
the polite renascence of “bear-baiting” as ex
hibited in dragging animals through various
“stunts”. Cowed dogs, shivering cats, and
other patient sufferers are being offered to
the jaded public appetite for something new.
These acts are invariably popular, because
the animals win the instant love of the audi
ence which doesn’t remember how long and
cruel must have been the training which
makes the poor brutes willing to do things
which are strained, hard and perhaps terror
izing in themselves, rather than take the lash
or the hot iron which would be their portion
behind the scenes if they failed. The clumsy
bear cub which dances, the pony which walks
the tight-rope, the animal of any sort who
has to pervert its own nature in order to imi
tate some human performance, has been and
is the victim of a heartless cruelty in nearly
every instance. And men should not be per
mitted to market the product of their own
barbarity, or coin money from the suffering
of any helpless creature. Let us call a halt
upon this evil. The stage is for adults—and
for talent—not for monstrosities of any de
scription.
The appropriation bill in Congress carries
the item of nearly Forty-five Millions for
waterways, of which the fol-
Forty-five
Millions For
Waterways.
Brunswick, $50,000; Altama
ha, Oconee and Ocmulgee Rivers, $75,000; Flint
River, $25,000; Coosa River, Georgia and Ala
bama, $52,500; Savannah River, thirty miles be
low Augusta, $70,000; Coosa River, at Horseleg
Shoals, $75,000; Savannah River, at Augusta,
$125,000.”
’’Ostensibly” is used with a cynicism not
unjustified, considering many previous
appropriations which have been made for
'■’rivers and harbors" and how little has ever
been really done to make our streams of serv
ice. With our vast frontage on two oceans,
the Great Lakes and the Gulf, and a system
of waterways to traverse the entire continent,
it is a shame that even now most of our non
perishable freight should not be hauled cheap
ly by water. Much could have been done
toward this end. if the money previously ap
propriated had been devoted to the intended
purpose, but always it has been more of a
“pork-barrel" than anything else. The oppo
sition of the railroads to the development of
the water-routes, as well as the stickiness of
public coin to the hands of many public
servants, has made ducks and drakes of many
an appropriation.
A Grand Old Man
Dear Sir: —Enclosed find moneey
order, for which send your weekly
to N. L. House, North Port, Ala., and
your weekly and Magazine to T. K.
Duncan, Moore’s Bridge, Ala., and
my time, for both the w r eekly and
Magazine, set forward one year. If
you still give the knife as a premium
send Duncan and House and myself
one, I want to see the grand old man
every day. I received four sample
copies from you for distribution. My
wife and myself are both old, she
seventy-six and me nearly eighty
eight. She got a fall, and is badly
hurt. She is improving very slow'.
I am the only w’hite man on the
place; live on the farm, one and
three-fquarter miles from the city,
and Niggeraugua all around me. I
am getting quite feeble, but have
some get-up about me yet. When I
can leave home I will try to w’ork up
some clubs, and will from this good
day do all I can. I saw two men to
day, both agreed to help me w'ork up
some clubs. This plan you have
stated is the right one, and will work
better than any other I have seen
suggested. It begins at the bottom
and works up. It gives the people
the rulingpporer—genuinew r er—genuine Democ
racy. My idea is to visit the Farm
ers Unions and plead with them to
unite with the People’s party as a
political party, be they Dems, Reps,
or fool Socialists, or any other politi
cal party; then, as the Farmers’ Un
ion, they are not in party politics,
they can enjoy all the advantages of
the farmers’ interest and, at the same
time, build up the People’s party, and
through it get their rights as they
can in no other political party in
existence, and the Populist party
is the only true Democratic par
ty in the country today on the
lines of Jefferson, Jackson, Ben
ton, et al. Your advice to the peo
ple about destroying the greenbacks
and destroying the coining of silver,
etc., is simply the beginning move to
the creation of another panic to in
crease the value of their already ill
gotten wealth.
Excuse this long letter, and may
the true and living God bless, pre
serve and prosper the grand efforts
you are making for downtrodden
creators of the w’ealth of the coun
try, and give you a long life and the
fruits of your labors in behalf of the
people. B. H. WILLIAMS.
Tuscaloosa, Ala.
lowing amounts are ostensi
bly for Georgia:
“Savannah harbor, $400,000;
PAGE FIVE