PAGE FOURTEEN
SUN DUST: *
AVE KENSETT, an in
dustrious old negro who
lives down in the bottoms,
is greatly annoyed by the
members of the church to
which his wife belongs,
and especially is he an
noyed by Strawfoot Alf,
the preacher. No one has
any confidence in Alf’s honesty, and it
is only for his ability as an organizer
and camp-meeting sensationalist that
he is permitted to remain in church.
Old Dave was known as a good liver.
Baked shoat, buttermilk and cabbage
were nearly always found on his table.
No matter how adverse the wind
might be, Alf could, from a great dis
tance, sniff the incense of a shoat,
and, unless the intervening water
courses wej# swollen beyond a point
of safety, he always managed to be
on hand. * Naturally enough, Dave be
came tired. Although not strictly re
ligious, he was willing to do his part
toward keeping up the church, but he
was not willing to take entire care of
the preacher.
44 ’Liza,” old Dave one day remark
ed to his wife, “I’ll bet dat shoat
won’t be inor’n brown good ’fore Alf
will be heah wid his mouf open.”
4 4 Oh, doan talk dater way, Dave. ’ ’
“Wall, he will, no matter whuder
I talks dater way ur not. I’ll bet
he’s already gunter fling dat awful
noze o’ hizen up inter de a’r. ’Liza,
I’s gittin’ mighty tired o’ dat genner
man’s ’vastations. He’s goe er ap
man’s ’vastations. He’s got er ap
_gwineter stan’ him no longer.”
“Oh, doan speckterate dat way,
Dave, fur he’s my bruder in de
church. ’ ’
“I doan kere es he wuz yer bruder
in de flesh, I ain’t gwine ter stan’
him. W’y, he would break up de gub
ner o’ de state. Yander he comes
now. Whut did I dun tole yer?”
“Wall, fur heben’s sake doan say
nuthin’. Treat him wid warm frien’-
ship. Promise me dat, won’t yer?”
“Oh, yas, I’ll treat him -wid warm
frien’ship.”
“Mawnin’ te yer; mawnin’,” said
the preacher, as he opened the gate.
“How does yer do dis mawnin’,
Bruder Dave?”
“Fust-rate, I gins yer thanks.”
41 An ’ yesse ’f, Sister ’Liza ?’ ’
“Oh, I’s mighty well, I thanks yer,
’siderin’ dis awful hot weather. Let
me fetch yer a cheer. ’ ’
“I thanks yer, sister.”
The preacher sat down, took off his
plug hat and wiped the perspiration
from his bald head.
“Lemine take yer hat, Bruder Alf,”
said Dave.
He took the hat, went into the kitch
en, took down a paper of ground red
pepper, and gave the inside of the
“tile” a liberal sprinkling. Then, re
turning to the sitting-room, he placed
the hat on the bed.
“Dis is a mighty long dry spell,”
said Dave, when he rejoined the
preacher, who sat leaning back against
the house.
4 4 Yas, it’s awful.”
“I wuz readin ’ in a paper dis
mawnin’, Bruder Alf, dater monst ’-
ous sight o’ people is bein’ killed by
de sun.”
“Dat so?”
“Yas, an’ cu’is ter say, de cullud
folks is gettin’ the wo’st o’ it.”
“Am dater sack?” asked the
preacher.
“Yas, an’ da say dat shoat dis sor
ter weder knocks er man sideways;
but I kain’ he’p dat, fur dar ain’t
nothin’ dat fits my appetite like er
baked shoat. Wife, she’s in de kitch
en dar now, moppin’ one.”
“I ’grees wid yer, Bruder Dave.
Shoat fits my appetite, an’ I’s gwine
ter eat it, sun or no sun.”
‘ 1 Yas, I ’speck so. De great doctor
whut I was readin’ erbout in de pa
per dis mawnin’ said dat he neber did
see de sun retch over an’ hit down in
sich er awful way, an’ er strange sack
is dis: Er man fust feels it by er
burnin’ on de top o’ de head. De
burnin ’ gets wus, an’ es he’s gwine
ter die putty soon, he puts his han’
on de top o’ his head an’ fin’s some
little red stuff. De doctor says dat
dis is sun dust.”
“Yer doan’ tell me so!” the
preacher exclaimed.
‘‘Oh, yas, I does, an’ it’s awful bad,
too. Er pusson doan’ know when he
gwineter git dat sun dust on his head.
Er po’ man stopped heah day afore
yistidy an’ axed fur er drink o’ wa
ter. I axed him ter come in, an’, jes
arter he drunk de water, he put his
han’ on his head an’ ’plained. Putty
soon he raked off suthin’ red. I neb
er did see such: er look ez come outen
dat man’s eyes. He run outen de
house an’ toted hisse’f off in er hurry.
Sence den I heerd dat de po’ man wuz
dead an’ de red stuff wuz sun dust.
Say, Bruder Alf, while Lize’s er mop
pin ’ dat shoat wider mighty fine gra
vy, s’pose we step down ter de lot
an’ look at de blooded calf.” The
preacher agreed. “Neber mine yer
hat,” Dave added. “Yas, yer better
get it, fur de sun’s awful.”
The preacher put on his hat and
walked along with, old Dave, and had
not gone far when he remarked:
41 My head ez sorter smartin ’, Brud
er Dave.”
“Oh, I reckons not. It mus’ be yer
’magination. Da say dat when de
sun dust comes de bes’ thing is exer
cise, but I b’lebe dat When it do come
er pusson is putty nigh gone.”
They had walked a short distance
farther, when the preacher stopped
and said:
“Look a heah, I b’lebes dar is suth
in’ de matter wid me, fur my head’s
er stingin’ like fiyer.”
“I reckons not.”
44 But I knows it is.”
He took off his hat, passed his hand
over bis head, looked at his hand, and
exclaimed:
“Oh Lawdy!”
44 Whut’s de matter? Lemme see?
Dinged es it ain’t sun dust.”
“Oh, Lawdy!” again exclaimed the
peacher, and, leaping over the fence,
he rushed into the woods. Old Dave
shook. He took off his hat, shook his
head, and, as he gaw the peacher leap
over a log and disappear, he said:
44 It am er pitty dater good man
like dat is so badly ’dieted. Es dat
sun dust keeps on er falling’ roun’
heah no nigger ain’t gwine ter be
safe, er haw, haw! Fust thing I
knows I mout be racin’ roun’ like er
deer, er he, he! ”
When Dave returned to the house
his wife asked:
“Whar’s Bruder Alf?”
4 4 Oh, he said dat he had some busi-
Gba < 3effersonian
. ...... STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
vunirnn 1 Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline
auuin rUKoiin yrnzur gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATIANT4 rrnoriA catalog. We sell every thing in Machinery and
ATLANTA. .. GEORGIA prlces B right . 7
Power that Pays
for itself
There is a long line of machines that save labor and make money for the
farmer. But you are not operating them to the best advantage if you do ■
not have a reliable power.
Cream separators, feed cutters, corn shelters and wood saws are valuable
machines for the farm, but no one of them is complete in itself. Each
■ requires a power to operate it.
Here is the great advantage of having one of the simple, powerful,
■ dependable I. H. C. gasoline engines on the farm.
An I. H. C. engine is not a machine for just one duty, like a churn or a
pump. It is a machine of many duties. It enables you to operate all ■
other machines to best advantage.
Its duties extend all through the year and it is used almost every day
in the year.
There is corn to shell, feed to cut, water to pump, wood to saw and many ■
other jobs, all of which you cannot do profitably by hand.
You must have power of some kind. An I. H. C. engine saves you a I
world of turning and lifting by hand, and because it is so well adapted to
so many uses, you will find it a great improvement on old fashioned tread
■ mills, horse power, etc.
It costs but a few cents a day to operate an I.H.C. engine. Many times ■
it saves the wages of a man, and in some work the wages of a number of ■
fl men. Estimate what it costs you for extra help at SI.OO to $2.00 per day
because you have no power, and you will see how rapidly an I. H. C.
engine pays for itself.
Besides, these engines do work that you cannot do at all by hand —run-
ning the cutter, shredder, threshing machine, etc.
I. H. C. engines are strong, simple and easy to understand. We know the de
fl sign to be of the best, and we know that every detail of construction is correct.
■ This is proved to our own satisfaction by giving every engine a thorough working
test before it leaves the Works. This guarantees that the engine comes to you
in perfect working condition, and you have a right to expect many years of
I efficient service from it.
I. H. C. gasoline engines are designed to utilize the greatest amount of power
■ from the fuel consumed. Every line of the engine is symmetrical. It looks sub- ■
■ stantial and is substantial without being clumsy or too heavy.
The I. H. C. Line
I. H. C. Vertical Engines— made in 2, 3 and 25-horse-power
Horizontal (portable and stationary) in 4,6, 8,10,12,15 and 20-horse-power
Gasoline Tractors— in 12,15 and 20-horse-power
Famous Air-Cooled Engines—in 1 and 2-horse-power
Pumping, Spraying and Sawing outfits in various styles and sizes.
Call on the International local agent, inspect these engines and secure catalogues and
■ full particulars, or write direct to us.
International Harvester Company of America, Chicago, U. S. A.
(Incorporated)
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
ness ter tend ter an’ dat we mus’
’sense him ter day. I tried ter ’suade
him ter come in an’ eat er snack, but
he said he wan’n’t hungry.”
“Din’ yer say suthin’ to hurt his
feelin’s, Dave?”
“No, bless yer.”
“Wall, you must’ve treated him
wrong. I tole yer ter treat him wid
warm frien’ship.”
“Wall, dat’s ’zackly whut I done.
I reckons he’s mor’n two miles frum
heah by dis time.”
As ’Liza turned to place the shoat
on the table, Dave poked his head out
of the door and laughed.
CLASSIFED.
Housekeeper (to tramp)—Why
don’t you go to work?
Tramp—Can’t get work.
“There is plenty to be done.”
“None that I can do.”
“Haven’t you any trade?”
“No’m.”
“No business or profession of any
kind?” J
“No’m.”
“Didn’t you ever have?”
“No’m.”
"Poor fellow! I see what the mat
ter is. You had a rich father.”—N
Y. Weekly.