PAGE TWELVE
Another Parson Plays Tlr. Watson.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
as he was. Eventually, no doubt, he will cool
off, and become quite amenable to reason.
As to Brother Thomson, the prospects for
mutual understanding and harmonious dis
agreement are not so flattering. When a
preacher goes up into the pulpit, as Rev.
Branch did. and denounces Mr. Watson as a
liar, there is always hopes for peace and re
conciliation. But when a parson accuses Mr.
Watson of being a mere “tyro in things celes
tial,” as Rev. Thomson did, we become des
pondent. >
It’s bad enough to be called a liar, but to
be called a “tyro in things celestial” is unpar
liamentary and demoralizing.
Now. before going further. —would it be
asking too much to request Parson Thomson
and others to hold up, until they read what
we have to say on this subject of Foreign
Missions, in the April number of the Jeffer
sonian Magazine? This paper hasn't got room
enough in it for any extended treatment of
so large and important a topic as that which
has caused the two parsons to jump on us.
Therefore, we must resort to the magazine.,
where we have more elbow room.
In the meantime. Mr. Watson begs to say
that he did not mean to make any attack upon
the Methodist Church or the South Georgia
conference. The action of the latter body in
appropriating $65,000 to Foreign Missions
simply directed his attention to the genera!
subject. Since then, the Presbyterians have
voted a million dollars to foreign missions;
and, so far as we know, all the evangelical
churches are in the same boat.
Mr. Watson could not attack the Metho
dist Church in regard to Foreign Missions
without attacking his own denomination, the
Baptist. He honestly fears that all the Prot
estant churches in this particular have gone
far astray from the Biblical teachings, and
that the subsidized Christianity of heathen
lands is not worth what it costs.
'The Christian courier. 'Testament in hand,
preaching the Word to those who have never
heard it. is an inspiring figure. But tire sys
tem which bribes the heathen with free hos
pitals. commissaries, free board, free books,
free tuition, etc., is one which almost certainly
leads to disappointing results.
'The official records show that, in the South
ern States alone, there are millions of white
children growing up without an education
and without religious training.
OUR APPEAL IS FOR THESE!
Let us sweep before our own door first.
Let us feed, clothe, educate OUR OWN
CHILDREN, before we do these things for
the heathen. x
M *,
Facts as to Spinners 9 Profits.
A correspondent asks to know the name of
the stockholder in the Peedee Cotton Mills
from whom we received our information con
cerning those 20 per cent dividends.
Some months ago, we stated that our in
formant was Mr. D. C. Stainback, the cotton
buyer, who is well-known in Mississippi,
Georgia and the Carolinas. Mr. Stainback is
a native of North Carolina, where his familv
is one of the highest standing. He, himself,
we personally know to be a gentleman.
His sister was given a block of stock in the
Peedee Mills as a bridal present, eleven years
’ago. The amount, as we remember, was one
thousand dollars. Mr. Stainback’s remark to
us was, “My sister has drawn twenty per cent
dividends on the stock every year, and she
has refused an offer of four thousand dollars
for the stock.”
This statement was made some time last
year and was*made that it might be used in
73be /Jeffersonian
the Jeffersonian, to back up what we were say
ing about the injustice of the/Tariff.
But there is nothing peculiar in the case of
the Peedee Mills. All the big mills, when
well managed, earn tremendous profits. They
are bound to. The laws are made with that
end in view. When the manufacturer has it
pretty much his own way in the purchase of
raw cotton, 'and altogether his own way in
selling cloth, and has our native children and
the pauper labor of the world to draw r on for
the cheap production of manufactured goods,
why shouldn’t he make big money? It would
be strange indeed, if he could not catch birds
in his trap when he is allowed full control
over the bait as well as the trap. 'The birds
must go in the trap, or starve, —since lie does
control the bait.
On Jan. 27. 1909 the Union Cotton Manu
facturers' Company declared a dividend of
twenty-five per cent.
In 1907, the same Mills earned, net. thirty
five per cent.
In 1906. they cleared 18 1-2 per cent.
Even during the panic, those mills did not
lose money. On the contrary, they cleared
six per cent.
Where is there any business, excepting
those enjoying governmental special favors,
that made ANY money in 1908?
How many business men escaped loss?
During the last ten years, these Fall River
Mills have paid out cash dividends amounting
to 122 1-2 per cent, and they have piled up
undivided earnings equalling half the entire
capital invested. Divide this 50 per cent of
profits by ten and we have a yearly gain of
five per cent, to be added to the 12 per
cent of cash dividends. Thus you see that
even when you count the panic year, these
manufacturers have cleared seventeen per cent
every year for ten years.
The Peedee Mills is not. by any means, an
isolated case. Consider those Griffin Mills,
where they take a pound or so of raw cotton,
manufacture a bath-towel weighing a pound,
and sell it, wholesale, for seventy-five cents.
Oh my !
And the fun of it is. that these Christian
' spinners ship their goods to foreign lands and
sell to the heathen cheaper than we can buy.
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
One act of President Roosevelt on Wash
ington's birthday will meet with hearty ap
proval of every Southerner, and the condemna
tion of no fair-minded Northerner.
'The order referred to instructs that the name
of Jefferson Davis be restored to the tablet on
Cabin John bridge.
'The tablet bore the name of the. president
and Secretary of War under whose adminis
tration the work was begun, as well as
under whose administration it was completed.
Mr Davis was Secretarv of War at its be
ginning and his name was so placed upon the
tablet.
In 1862 Secretary of the Interior. Caleb
Smith, at the instance of Galusha Grow, of
Pennsylvania, ordered Mr. Davis’ name chis
elled-off the talTlet, and it was done.
Southerners have always considered this a
blot on Mr. Davis' memory, but were never
successful in wiping out the blot, though we
have had Democratic Presidents and Con
gresses.
Secretarv of War Luke Wright, himself a
Confederate veteran, is largely responsible for
the President’s order, but Roosevelt is the
president who had the courage to issue the
order, and we must give him. credit.
Rather peculiar, isn’t it. when after forty
seven years, a Republican President does jus
tice to the name of the late president of the
Confederacy ?
The Oregon legislature has adopted, a reso
lution proposing an amendment to the State
Constitution allowing the state to own and
construct railroads.
This is another sign that the greed of the
Harrimans is forcing us to government own
ership, for Harriman is the man at whom the
amendment is aimed.
This is the same Harriman who offered the
people of Georgia $10,000,000 to let him rob
them by laws which he would have passed.
Texas being a much larger state than Geor
gia. Harriman went to Texas and offered
$20,000,000 for the same thing.
Let Texas and Georgia not only -repudiate
his offer, but run him out of the states.
Follow the example of Oregon and put the
people in a position to build their own rail
roads.
Then the people will be in a position to
tell Harriman that he can no longer rob them
to pay dividends on railroad stock which is
ninety per cent water.
Well, our fleet has returned. It “officially”
reached a United States port a few days ago—
Washington's birthday. • _
President Roosevelt was there to welcome
the fleet, and much powder was spent in firing
the salutes.
Twenty-one guns to each ship and sixteen
battleships, besides the escort of cruisers, etc.
Wasn't it grand?
Yes, to the sailor whose term of enlistment
had expired, and to a few thousand Ameri
cans.
The cruise of this fleet has cost us about
$20,000,000 to be a “world breaker,” and we
tax-payers have danced up with the twenty
millions.
We don’t mind_that.
We don’t mind the expense of firing salutes
which are useless.
The expense of firing these salutes would
only give food, a decent suit of clothes and a
good pair of shoes to every hungry, <;old mem
ber of the “bread line” in several of our big
gest cities.
But we must have the pomp and glory of a
Monarchy, even if we are supposed to be a
Republic. As our ships come “marching in”
we pay from $2,000 up, per ship, to have a
salute fired.
What care we poor taxpayers about such
trivial expenses?
Twenty millions for a “show” cruise; half
that amount to make repairs to the ships after
the “show” cruise: the powder each ship burns
in saluting the President at the end of the
"show" cruise,-—all of that is insignificant to
all. except the taxpayer.'
H H *
Pead This One, Too.
Please turn to the advertising section and
note our various premium offers. You may
find something that will please you. If none
of those propositons hit you where you live,
please write to us aftd tell us what it is that
you want, anyway.
'Then again, you need to see the “Name
sake Contest” which Father James has got
started. It’s this way, you know: a whole lot
of people who had boy babies on their hands,
and couldn’t think of a lucky name, have
called these innocent infants Tom Watson.
This is what you might call a reckless disre
gard of future consequences, but they did it,
just the same.
Now, Daddy Jim wants to get all these Tom
W atsons competing with one another for a
prize.
Whirl over to the other page, or some other,
find the place, and read.
AND DON’T FORGET OUR CASH
PRIZES. Turn to the place, and read, then
get busy, IF YOU WANT THE MONEY.