ers to unite and form a holding com
pany and refuse to sell save at a
minimum price. I indorse it, and if
it were in my power, they should have
not less than 15 cents for their cotton.
I am for every measure that improves
conditions in the south.
ADMITTED THIEVES.
The tariffs, and their allied avenues
of rascality, have made more thieves
in this country than perhaps anything
else in its history. The indirect rob
bery of the public has been the legiti
mate outcome of the protection to the*
favored.
-7*7' -•- .
The latest developments come from
the sugar trust of Havemeyer and
Elder, where seven men have been in
dicted on a charge of swindling the
government out of millions of dollars
by false scales, so arranged by a
spring in the mechanism to make the
scales indicate just what they wished.
The management claims that it had
no part in the systematic frauds, but
that it was all done for their profit
without its knowledge and consent.
The government charged losses to the
amount of nine millions of dollars by
the swindle, and the trust acknowl
edged its guilt by the payment of two
millions as a compromise.
Compromise for what? —for the
seven millions, unaccounted for? If
it was not robbery, why compromise?
If the management knows nothing of
the doctored scales, why their exist
ence? Where were the government
agents that secret springs could be
used on scales that daily allowed a
trust thousands of dollars besides the
protective bounty contributed by the
uses of sugar?
This is all too plain, and too decid
ed against the man who pays the
taxes, and indirectly for protection
of the trust magnate. Besides no mil
lions of compromise can wipe out the
criminal features of tPiis'Tase. It is
clearly apparent that some one did
conspire, and did defraud the govern
ment, and doubtless o's many millions
of dollars, and if the secret spring in
the scales can be located, why not also
find who put it there?
The fact of it is, the trusts do not
seem to take seriously the prosecu
tions of the government. Why is it
that small violators are found and
punished, while Mr. Rockefeller
laughs at a twenty-nine million dollar
fine, and Mr. Havemeyer compromises
a nine million dollar discrepancy for
two millions!
Surely such instances are not aL
ways accidents. Equally as sure is it
that some one is guilty of gross neg
lect in the interest of the public, and
especially so against the men who are
legislated into millions at the expense
of the tax payers. Such lessons teach
that they should not only be convict
ed, but that many of the high tariff
beneficiaries should be given sen
tences in jails and penitentiaries, just
like plain, everyday people. In all
candor it is time to put a stop to such
rascality in so-called high places. —
Talladega Reporter.
Long—When I let you have that $5
you said you couldn’t pay me for a
couple of weeks. Short —Let me see
—how long ago was that? Long—
About three months. Short —Well, I
may be a little slow, but at all events
I’m no liar. —Chicago Daily News.
DARK DAYS FOR ALDRICH.
The belief is gaining ground that
in the revolt of republican senators
from the Western States against the
Aldrich plan of revising the tariff,
the latter is up against the hardest
proposition he has had to face dur
ing his long term of service in the
senate, and that in order to save
victory from the jaws of defeat, he
may be forced to yield to the income
tax amendment, which, if it should
stand the constitutional test, would
inevitably presage tihe downfall of the
entire protective system. ,
Republican newspapers under the
domination of the standpatters de
scribe the temper of these Western
senators as being ‘’peevish,” which
term the St. Louis Republic says,
•is entirely too mild to indicate the
real condition. “Mad all through
and getting madder all the time are
the only words of description that fit
their case,” says the Republic.
“The standpatters and the reac
tionaries of the Aldrich following,”
continues the Republic, “grow purple
with rage when their right to make
the tariff in their own way is ques
tioned by senators from states which
have heretofore assented that what
ever the republican leaders in the
senate and house may plan to do is
necessarily right. These States
having become enlightened about
the robberies of republican tariff,
the senators they have sent to
Washington do not accept with
* meekness or patience the intoler
ance with which their protests are
received. And so we have threats of
gag rule in the senate, as when
Bristow, of Kansas, is interrupted
with cries of ‘Vote, vote!’ and ref
erences to lamp posts and hemp when
senilities from Depew irritate an lowa
senator to. the explosive point. The
revolt having spread as far east as
Indiana it’s not in awoice of persua
sion or pleading that Beveridge blunt
ly notifies the mossback Bourbons of
his party that these western senators
must have a tariff that- they can de
fend on the stump next year, and,
vocular as Beveridge is, he knows that
all the talking he can do will never
satisfy Indiana, with the kind of tar
iff that Aldrich is fighting for.”
On with the fight and let joy in
the democratic camp be unconfined.
More strength to the arm of Cum
mins, of Dolliver, and of Bristow,
whose blows are in behalf of the
people. —Houston Post.
YET A MORE EXCELLENT WAY.
A certain prophet grew very tired
of being not without honor save in
his own country, for his own county
was precisely where the big money
was to be made.
So "he resolved to try something be
sides straight prophecy.
“I’m just as big a scoundrel as any
body in the System!” he cried in a
loud voice. “Nobody but a fool will
take my word! When I tell a man to
buy Acidulated Copper, I’ve got an
axe to grind—l’m trying to work
him.”
The effect was instant. Before sun
down the buying public 'had absorbed
all the prophet’s Acidulated Copper
at his own figure. —Life. '
Gb« Jeffersonian
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the
largest number of subscriptions to Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine between now and January 1,
1910, we will award prizes as follows:
First Prize • • - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize • Twenty-Five Dollars
Third Prize • • • Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize • • Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize • • • Five Dollars
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on
all subscriptions sent in for this prize competition.
For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
Watson Jeffersonian Magazine GEORGIA
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars oi our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn Seven per cent interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KNIFE FREE
PHOTO OF THOS. E. WATSON
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new
yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will
mail a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a transparent
handle containing the latest photograph of the Hon.
Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of
the very finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of
German silver, the linings of plate brass, all beauti
fully finished. The photograph of Mr. Watson is life
like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when
you send the money —not afterwards.
This Offer is Good for Thirty Days
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. .. Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga
PAGE FIFTEEN