You Have a Friend
XV horn you could easily interest to sub
scribe for the Weekly Jeffersonian or
the Jeffersonian Magazine, or both Jef
fersonians. We want you to do so,
and will compensate you liberally.
Some of our good friends, who be
gan interesting their friends in our
publications just at odd times in this
manner, found the work so pleasant
and profitable that they now devote all
their time to securing subscriptions for
us. Write for full particulars.
THE JEFFERSONIANS.
Thomson, Ga.
500 Circulars For 40c We will print 500
85 words size 3x4% in., our ad on
PRFSS fonri nly i 40e f a Addres3 THE’ WORLD
RKEbS, 400 Cleveland Ave., Chicago.
Until End of
j 0 Q § i—■
For a quarter we will send
you the Weekly Jeffersonian
until the end of this year.
* For fifty cents we will send
you the Weekly Jeffersonian
and the Jeffersonian Maga
zine until the end of this year.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
Seven Per Cent
How much is your money making you ?
About Four Per Cent, isn’t it?
We will give you Seben Per Cent.
And your money will be safe. *
You can invest any amount you please
From Ten Dollars to Ten Thousand Dollars.
And every dollar will earn Seben Per Cent
annually.
Write at once.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GA.
PREMIUM
For 5 Magazine Subscriptions at SI.OO, or
3 Weekly Subscriptions at SI.OO
This is the famous “Razor of Quality.” It is made of the best English
steel, ground and polished by hand. In other words, it is made in the good
old-fashioned way, when the edge was the principal thing. The blade is most
elegantly gold and frost etched. It is mounted in a handsome and neat, genuine
carved white bone handle.
No razor in the world will shave better or keep its edge longer.
See Page Seven for “How to Get Up a Club.”
A PERFECT DELUGE OF SOU
VENIR POST CARDS FREE.
I want to enroll every reader of The Jef
fersonian as a member of our great Souvenir
Rost Card Exchange. Furthermore, I want
to send you free a complete set of the prettiest
Souvenir Post Cards ever published. These
are strictly high-class art cards, and are very
rare —ten cards in the set.
The Exchange Idea
When I enroll you as a member of the great
Exchange your name is printed on a special
hst and sent to hundreds of collectors who are
anxious to get cards from your district. We
also send you one of these lists showing your
name in print.
Ten Beautiful Cards
showing different views of the prettiest girls
in the world —the American Girl —by the great
est artists.
All of this is FREE for sending me only one
new three-months’ subscription to Up-TO-
Date Farming at 10 cents and a list of your
friends who collect post cards.
Extra Special Surprise
I have an extra surprise for all who answer
this advertisement within ten days after get
ting this paper. Be sure to ask for the sur
prise.
Garrett Wall, Dept 228,
Up-to-Date Farming, Indianapolis.
CHOICE PAPER-SHELL PECAN TREES
Nut Trees, Hardy Citrus and Roses
Our Specialty
By means of up-to-date, scientific methods we
strive to produce stock of highest quality and
| guarantee satisfaction.
Send For Our Free Catalogue
SUMMIT NURSERIES
Box 437 Monticello, Fla.
3effersonian
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
The National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft. Worth, Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of Texas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements of the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Supscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
WANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.’’
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
The Sound of a Voice
Carries more weight than a dozen letters or telegrams.
You can give your message and receive the answer at once.
ON THE BELL TELEPHONE
Our system of long distance lines extends to all parts of
the country. It costs but a trifle.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
I Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri
butions on governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes
about 25 pages per month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN