the Mother Superior orders them to go in
unto the waiting priest.
In the Philippines, each Catholic friar
(with the rarest exceptions,) lived with one
or more native women, and had a family of
children. Not only that, they roamed around
among the wives and daughters of the Fili
pinos. If the husband or father made trou
ble about it, the friars had them banished, or
killed. It was practically impossible for the
native women, of attractive appearance, to
escape these Spanish beasts. The friars were
of the lowest Latin type, ignorant, cruel, ra
pacious and lustful. If the woman resisted,
she was persecuted until she yielded. Hun
dreds of native couples were living in adul
tery, or non-formal wedlock, because the hus
bands would not allow the friars the jus prime
noctis — “the right of the first night.”
This was a right enjoyed by the feudal
lords of the Middle Ages; and it is almost
universal among certain Oriental peoples,
where the priest is regarded with such ven
eration, that it is one of his functions to de
flower brides.
The Spanish friars set up the monstrous
system in the Philippines; and that, together
with other frightful abuses, caused the poor
natives to flame out in a desperate revolt.
Spain was trying to beat the Filipinos into
submission, when the Americans went to the
relief of the rebels. After we had used the
Filipinos as our allies against Spain, and had
whipped her, we flung the natives back to the
Roman Catholics.
By the most fraudulent means, the friars
had acquired enormous riches. Part of this
wealth was in land. We bonded the Philip
pines, got $7,000,000, and turned the money
over to the friars for their real estate.
The evidence taken by the Taft Commis
sion established the facts, that the friars op
posed education, promoted vice and crime,
practised open and shameless immorality,
were heartless oppressors, and that practically
no wife or daughter could escape the friar,
if his lustful eyes were once drawn to her.
Mr. Taft heard all this evidence himself,
and reported it to his Government: yet he
went to Baltimore, addressed a Catholic au
dience, and praised in the highest terms the
work of the Catholics in the Philippines!
How on earth he could get his consent to do
such a thing, it is impossible for me to un
derstand.
(See Senate Document No. 190. Pages
254, 258, 260, 282, 215, 172, 169.)
Who, Who, Who?
Who played smart Aleck, and took a hand
in a fight that he had nothing to do with ?
Who rushed to the defence of a bank
wrecking lawyer, and wrote letters all over
the State making false statements in behalf
of the lawyer?
Who wrote the positive statement that Lad
son individually borrowed the $120,000 from
the Neal Bank, and gave his individual se
curity for it?
Who was it that defended Duck’s Galves
ton speech, claiming that Duck only favored
the Merchant Marine, and a “restoration” of
American shipping—and then couldn’t ex
plain the difference between Merchant Ma
rine and Ship Subsidy?
Who was it that tried so hard to deny that
Bode is an Atlanta printer, and eligible to
membership in the Farmers’ Union?
Who was it that contended that a paper’s
Business Manager is one of the “Editors”?
O my!
Who is it that can explain how Bode got
into the Typographical Union of Atlanta, if
he is not an Atlanta printer? Bode seems to
have a variety of shapes and forms. When
' x ’i find him attending the Farmers’ Union
flrention, in New Orleans for instance, the
** leaders look to his comfort, be-
Glje Til eff er soman
cause he is a printer. When he beams upon
“the little bunch” at Union City, he’s an
Editor! I didn’t know that “us editors” were
eligible to membership in the Typographical
Unions. (The foreman of our Union shop
tells me that editors are not admitted, unless
they are printers.)
But the Business Manager of a paper is
not one of the “Editors”. Nobody ever heard
of such a claim, until I got after “the little
bunch” —Ladson, Bode and Duck. And Bode
was not even Business Manager of Duck’s
paper at the time he joined the Farmers’
Union. He was simply and solely an Atlanta
printer, and a mighty lazy one, at that.
Who instructed the Lecturers to give the
Locals that one-sided account of things, in
defence of Ladson, Bode and Duck?
Who told them to claim that I was jealous
of Duck’s Sojah Beans paper?
Who took the silly, indefensible position
that no attention should be paid to charges
made by outsiders?
Who is it that won’t come out in the open,
like a man, and fight me fair?
Who is it that the good men and true of the
Farmers’ Union are becoming disgusted with,
and ashamed of, and who, if he loves the
cause, will tender his resignation, in order
that the noble organization may place its ban
ner in the hands of some man worthy to
bear it?
If Ladson, Boodlehunter, and John Lee
had the good of the Farmers'' Union at heart,
THEY'D RESIGN, and thus relieve the or
ganization of its embarrassment.
Our Nicaragua Bulldozing
The rash and arbitrary Andrew Jackson
court-martialed and shot two British sub
jects, during the Seminole War. Arbuthnot
and Ambrister were charged with inciting and
aiding the Indians —a separate, independent
people—to resist the American invaders of
their territory. The evidence against the
two white men was exceedingly weak and un
trustworthy. Nevertheless, President Mon
roe stood by Jackson. Henry Clay exerted
his utmost power to have Congress censure
the General, but he failed. The English peo
ple were intensely indignant, but their Gov
ernment took no action. The Ministry
virtually declared that the two unfortunate
victims of Jackson’s wrath had nobody but
themselves to blame for intermeddling with
the Seminoles; and that, in such a case, the
British Government would demand no repa
ration.
But President Taft, and his Pennsylvania
Railroad henchman, Secretary Knox, have
practically declared war against Nicaragua
and driven her President, Zelaya, from office,
because two American citizens were tried,
convicted and shot for stirring up a rebellion
against the Nicaraguan Government.
Not only were the two Americans inciting
and aiding rebellion, but they were laying
mines to blow up Nicaraguan ships.
In short, they were caught, red-handed, in
the very act of making war, in Nicaragua,
against Nicaragua.
Suppose Andrew Jackson had been in Ze
laya’s place, and had captured those two
foreigners, who had come into his country, to
stir up civil war! Don’t you know that he
would have shot them?
No wonder that all South America hates
the United States. The manner in which our
Government backs the marauding North
American corporations, down there, is enough
to make us hateful to those people.
Mr. Roosevelt practically ousted Castro,
for no reason on earth, excepting that Castro
was resisting the unholy demands of certain
New York capitalists. When the secret crops
out, we shall probably learn that the arbi
trary, harsh, and unprecedented conduct of
Secretary Knox against Zelaya was due to
corporation influence.
Here Comes Brown, Asking Ques
tions; Defends Duck and Lee
Lilly, Ga., 12-09.
Dear Sir:—l would like to ask you a few ques
tions in regard to Duckworth.
Ist. or you not trying to do away with Duck
worth’s paper and not Duck for the reason that
his Paper is in your way.
2nd. hoo is it that you have not falen out with,,
it seems to me becaus you can’t succeed that you
or aginst everybody that can.
3rd. how many difent managers hav you had to
your Paper, have you not fallen out with all of
them.
4th. do you think you have treeted John Lee
like a gentelman, he rote you a letter that was
fair, and you would not reply to it only in your
Paper, you ought to be a shame of sch reply,
John Lee is a gentelman and you can’t make the
members of the union believe nothing else.
sth. how much money have you spent on the
union do you pay any dues, how much time have
you lost with it, think for a minute what thes
traders have don, Duckworth and Lee both have
don more for the Union in one week than you
have don the entire time, they have done the work
and you are trying to tear them down.
Why don’t you attend to your on business and
let others a loan.
Resp B. J. BROWN.
ANSWERS.
(1) Duckwerth’s paper is not in my way.
It is a different kind of paper from mine, and
therefore no rival or competitor. If I had
been jealous of Duck’s Union News, that feel
ing would have displayed itself two years ago,
when he was writing me, “I got 600 new sub
scribers today.” On that day, and on two
others of the same week, I did not get a single
subscriber. But I felt sure that my time
would come; and I kept up the friendliest re
lations with Duck’s paper, until Boodle
hunter took charge of it. As soon as he be
came Duck’s chief cook and bottle-washer,
things changed. He told my Business Man
ager, in Atlanta, that he would not accept sub
scriptions from us atrless than 75 cents. To
others, he continued to give much lower rates.
Does not this look like Bode and Duck were
afraid of The
proved that they were no longer disposed to
be friendly.
After that, they most unfairly printed an
attack on me. about the Sully conference, al
though they knew that Charley Barrett had
come to my house to urge me to meet Sully,
and had heard everything said at the meeting.
Would you like to know why Bode turned
Duck’s paper against me? If you’ll promise
to listen to the truth, and let it have the right
influence on you, I’ll tell you.
Boodlehunter was Treasurer of the Populist
Executive Committee in 1908, and he was
ravenously eager to handle somebody’s money.
I refused to give him any credentials to use
on the Republicans; and the only sums of my
coin that he got his paws on were to pay for
some expenses incident to my Atlanta meet
ings. I recall that he claimed S3O for the
musicians who played the fiddles, etc., inside
the opera-house, and $8 for the carpenter who
placed a few chairs on the stage. I hope the
fiddlers and the carpenter got the dough.
During the campaign, which languished for
lack of funds, Bodenhaujer-went North to see
Jay W. Forrest, Chairman National Cam
paign Committee, to get financial help. As I
took the train at Elberton, after speaking at
Royston, there was Bode, on his return to At
lanta. We sat together and talked. Boodle
hunter remarked, with an air of mysterious
importance, “I’ve got the goods, and the cam
paign work will now be pushed.”
What he meant, I don’t know; but I
thought he meant that Forrest had divided
with him; and that Bode was going to put
speakers in the field, and push other cam
paign-work.
But, if Bode got any coin on that trip, or
any other, it remained steadfastly in his
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE