The Ad Flan's Gulley
By fames Lanier.
The great problem that stares the
paper or magazine publisher in the
face is, How to get circulation? The
editorial department gives him good
material —strong articles, bright sto
ries, interesting fiction, striking illus
trations, all timely and worth while.
His publication is well printed, and has
an attractive cover. He advertises it,
puts it on the news stands, gets lists
of names and sends out sample cop
ies; and at the end of a year or two
he has a few thousands of subscribers,
who pay him, we will say, a dollar a
year. When the publisher figures out
the cost of advertising, of sample cop
ies, of editorial work, of printing and
illustrating, of clerical labor for cor
respondence, keeping up mailing lists,
etc., and of commissions to agents,
postage, and other incidental expenses,
he finds, too often, that each sub
scriber who pays him a dollar a year
has cost him nearly two dollars.
Then comes the next great problem,
How to hold circulation? Many peo
ple buy a magazine or paper when
it first comes out, from curiosity, or
because they are interested in some
particular subject. Many subscrip
tions are obtained at the suggestion
of friends, or through the pertinacity
of agents. At the end of a year some
of these subscribers will be Head;
others will have lost their interest,
having changed their politics or their
point of view; others will be finan
cially unable to renew their subscrip
tions ; still others will have found
literature which is more attractive to
them, for the time. It is not unrea
sonable to count that a publisher runs
the risk of losing nearly one-half of
his subscribers at the end of each
yearly term. How shall he hold
them? He can offer rebates, prizes,
premiums; but they all cost money,
and they mean that the publisher is
buying his subscribers—is paying
them for the privilege of carrying
their names on his mailing list. Pa
pers and magazines that build up a
subscription list of a hundred thou
sand or more in the course a year or
two pay dearly for the circulation of
which they boast so proudly.
Why do they do it? The revenue
of a large publication is not derived
frgm subscriptions, but from adver
tising. Look at the number of ad
vertising pages in one of the big
magazines. There will be about 100
pages of reading matter, and about
100 pages of advertising. Each page
is worth from S4OO to S6OO. The av
erage revenue of a popular magazine
or paper, from advertising alone, will
be not less than $50,000 a month.
That is the goal at which each pub
lisher aims-—to get sufficient circula
tion to enable him to go the big ad
vertisers and take their money away
from them.
In the case of the Jeffersonians
we have depended largely upon the
personal interest which our friends
and subscribers take in the publica
tions and in what they stand for. By
this means we have built up, in two
years, a circulation which represents
at least two hundred thousand read-
ers in the United States and abroad.
The problem before us now is to hold
this circulation—to keep our present
subscribers interested, and to increase
their number. In order to do this
we make A PERSONAL APPEAL.
We want each one of our subscrib
ers to send us the names and address
es of their acquaintances, friends and
relatives, especially those living at a
distance, or in other states. We will
send a sample copy of the Jeffer
sonian to each name on the list. Then
we want yon to write a personal let
ter to each, and we will pay you
for doing this work. More than that,
if you will look after our renewals,
and get new subscribers for us, we
will not only pay you a handsome
commission, but we will send you
YOUR JEFFERSONIAN FREE.
We are now getting in long lists
of names for postcard clubs. Hun
dreds and thousands of our beautiful
up-to-date postcards are now going
out all over the country. ' v
BOYS AND GIRLS
Are now at work everywhere, get
ting up postcard clubs, and corres
ponding with other members of the
Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange in
the United States and in foreign
countries. Keep up this work, and
don’t forget to mention the Jeffer
sonians whenever you write. One boy
sent us twenty-six subscriptions this
week. This means that the subscrib
ers and the boy who raised the club
received about 700 post cards as pre
miums. The cards will be scattered
broadcast. If each card mentions the
Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga., we shall
get many subscribers from the work
of that one boy, and if he will see
that his name is mentioned also, we
will give him credit for every sub
scription and send him all the pre
miums that are coming to him.
AN ENDLESS CHAIN.
Will you today write to one or two
of your friends, and ask them, as a
personal favor, to subscribe to the
Jeffersonian Magazine or the Weekly
Jeffersonian, for a year, if they are
able and willing; if not, for six
months or even three months. En-
*
close a two-cent stamp in your letter,
and ask them, as a personal favor, to
write to other friends. Gather as
many names and addresses as you
can in this way, and send them to us,
and we will mail out sample copies.
MEN OF THE OLD GUARD.
Do as a friend of ours in Texar
kana, Ark';, is doing. He orders twen
ty copies of the Jeffersonian Mag
azine each month, and sells them. He
writes to us “They go like hot
cakes. 11
LADY SUBSCRIBERS.
One of our lady subscribers has
earned over $25.00 in commissions
during the last three months. That
is at the rate of SIOO a year. Won’t
you take an agency that pays as well
as this? You can get many a sub
scriber by correspondence, and on
each one you will receive your com
mission.
Jeffersonian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months i AII For
Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months ap ~
20 American Girl Post Cards i L& fl*
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange J " v
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese, 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 50. Beauty Study.
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now, ail over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close fortrial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. R P. O
County State
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN