Notes of General Interest to Farmers
Mark the date on each egg when
<>ut under the hen.
Wood ashes make one of the best
fertilizers for peach trees.
Make the hens come up to the
and keep them scratching.
Make friends with your hens. Do
not treat them roughly, if they chance
to get in your way.
Work up all your unmarketable ap
ples into cider. On the farm, all by
products should be utilized.
The latest vegetable novelty is a
seedless tomato, produced at the New
Jersey experiment station.
A mash to which a tablespoonful of
flaxseed is added, fed to each six hens
once a week is said to be a good egg
producer.
When dressing chickens for mar
ket, let them lie in cold water for a
short itme after the feathers have
been plucked.
A few old-fashioned nails dropped
in the drinking fountain will take the
place of iron, and aid in keeping the
blood in good condition.
After a day’s work or a long drive
over the roads sponge out the horses’
mouths and noses with cold water.
Also rub down the legs and body well.
It will not hurt the beets to be left
in the ground until freezing weather
comes. Then they should be pulled,
packed in moist sand and placed in a
cool cellar.
The condition of the horse driven
by the farmer is a pretty good index
to the character of the man. A suc
cessful farmer nearly always drives
a good horse.
Watch the hired man when he is
tending to the stock. If he is rough
and brutal you can well dispense
with his services, for the animals will
not thrive under his care.
In almost every case where broom
corn has been planted, properly cul
tivated and harvested, it has proved
a profitable crop. The demand is now
in excess of the supply, and the price
is up among the airships.
The lan’scape painter kerries away
a copy uv what he sees; the lucky
farmer hez the original scenery the
hull year round, an’ it is ever beauti
ful an’ changin’.—California Fruit
Grower.
Kentucky farmers should give
more attention to the Southern cow
pea as a renovator of the soil, says
Home and Farm. They should con
sider daily products more as money
crops. The towns and cities of Ken
v are growing, and the demand
■ for milk and butter increases. With
the ejftension of the electric roads it
is easier to reach the city markets.
There are other ways of making
money on Kentucky farms than in
raising tobacco and race horses.
The hen that is compelled to sit on
a roost in a house in which there are
draughts in the floor, is about as un
comfortable as a man who is com
pelled to sleep in a bed with the
blankets six inches too short at each
end.
“Breachy” live stock is trouble
some; but such stock were not so
until they learned it. A bad fence
with something tempting on the
other side; a partly broken down
gate, or a gap but partly put up—
these are the text-books.
In churning it is best not to fill
churn more than one-third full. Turn
a few revolutions, then pull plug out
to allow escape of gas. It is neces
sary to do this several times when be
ginning to churn, or the gas will “let
itself out.”
Yes, Mr. Farmer, encourage your
boy in his desire to study chemistry,
or electricity, or to improve machin
ery, or to get a business education.
There is no knowledge within the
reach of man that will not be of some
benefit to the future farmer. —Farm
and Ranch.
In days of improved agriculture
there is reason to learn from others.
If we could adopt methods of French
gardeners it would be possible to
make land profitable. Rents of S2OO,
S3OO, and even of S6OO per acre are
not unknown. And the French gar
dener furnishes his soil; and removes
it when he surrenders the premises.
—Farm and Ranch.
Emerson had the right idea of
farming. He said: “I believe in a
spade and an acre of good ground.
Whoso cuts a straight path to his
own living by the help of God, in the
sun and rain and sprouting grain,
seems to me a universal working
man. He solves the problem of life,
not for one, but for all men of a
sound body.”
“Os course, there is money in
bees,” says Farm and Ranch. “A
Western carpenter, who had been
getting out bee-hives for other peo
ple, decided to try a few hives of
bees for himself, as a side line. The
best of honey-gathering weather was
over, however, before the flow of
honey from his hives commenced,
making the season short —so short,
in fact, that the cells in all the sec
tions were not filled and sealed.
Nevertheless, this carpenter sold $7
worth of fine honey from one hive,
which he purchased for sl.”
The American hen, says Hon. A. F.
Dawson (Iowa), can produce wealth
equal to the .capital stock of all the
banks in the New York Clearing
House in three months and have a
week to spare. In less than sixty
days she can equal the total annual
production of all the gold mines in
the United States. More than that,
the United States proudly boasts of
her production of pig iron—far
greater than any country in the
world—and yet the American hen can
produce as much wealth in six months
as all the iron mines in this country
Jeffersonian
can in a whole year. Give the modest
American hen one year and ten
months and she will pay off the in
terest-bearing debt in the United
States.
Our Southern gardens are too
.poorly supplied with winter vegeta
bles. I suppose one of the main rea
sons why we see so little of the oys
ter plant and parsnip in the South is
because people have taken the ad
vice of the Northern catalogues and
sowed the seed among the earliest in
the garden, as is done in the North.
This will always ruin these hardy
plants, for they will run to seed in
summer and the roots will become
worthless. As is suggested, the time
for sowing either either oyster plant
or parsnius is in July, after some
early crop has been harvested. Then
they will grow and make their best
growth in the late fall and winter
and the roots can be dug daily as
wanted all winter through.
We are in receipt of advance
spring catalog of the Golden Eagle
Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga. Readers of
The Jeffersonian who contemplate
purchasing a buggy, wagon or sew
ing machine will find it to their in
terest to send for one of these cata
logs. As the company states the
prices quoted in this catalog will
hold good only until April Ist, 1910.
Address the Golden Eagle Buggy Co.,
Station No. 1, 156-166 Edgewood
Ave., Atlanta, Ga.
The Spotless Co., of Richmond,
Va., have an announcement in this
issue of The Jeffersonian, and offer
to send sewing machines on deposit
of SI.OO to interested buyers. The
Spotless Co. is a reliable firm and
readers who are interested in buying
sewing machines will profit by writ
ing them. Their address is Nd. 20
Shockoe Square, Richmond, Va.
Their announcement on another
page in this issue.
15-EMBOSSED POST CARDS FREE-15
r~j~i />-rai
J®/ Km jy[3 / W
.-.rW /O \ >S . Wn-illf
—J , **^ < _ * fc ~r~ w *^izz~ l -"‘sm— #7 F*' ---
l? jl ;w ■
V jw. fjifc 1™ •■ inn. UW*
Will <3£ikJ 4W& ■ jßy* 4*w/
i .• ■fj
lh. ■/. /I ’ .: JI • . ?:- at -a i
; -:S— —-—J L—— —I ' -
RARE SPECIMENS OF BEAUTIFUL POST CARDS
American Art Floral Series
Reproductions of original water colors of Paul de Longpre, handsome, new and
attractive; showing America’s most beautiful flowers in rare, natural colors, relief
embossed on mounts of solid bronze.
A relief embossed post card Is manufactured by a process which raises the flower design from the
flat surface of the card, giving it the appearance of a flower resting on the surface of a bronzed
mount. These cards are carefully lithographed in perfect colors on substantial stock and are the
most attractive post cards of floral design ever offered to you.
The face of these cards are not marked with type or printing, making them suitable for mounting
on plaques, passepartouting or framing.
This Set of 15 Relief Embossed Post Cards, No Two Alike, Sent To You FREE
Only one set to each person. You will find these cards exactly as represented and you will be
more than pleased with their beauty and
attractiveness. ———
Write plainly your name and address on send this coupon
this coupon and send it to us with five two-cent
stamps or ten cents in coin to cover cost of balch bib. c0., (V ,.-, Sawyer Bldg., Chicago, ill." "
postage and packing, and we will jnail the v„„.„ , F ,« <> t t ~
? aß^,?V a i n £B^1 n K a complete set of jU trial copy of Homo Life. I promise to give you a Sew moments of
beautiful embossed seasonable post cards, my time in return for these cards. Send me full particulars for
mounted on both Gold and Silver backgrounds. getting a complete set of 50 post cards on your easy plan.
BALCH PUBLISHING COMPANY
63(1 Sawyer Building Namo
Chicago
AddYMS
rl » ll
/ //V 11 ffV**
IS 1 Hl
® g 86Z1
I Z
NO. 8621—GIRL’S PRINCESS
DRESS CLOSED AT THE
LEFT SIDE OF BACK.
A. New and Modish Style for Moth
er’s Girl.
A very effective and simple model
is here shown. The waist portions
are lengthened by plaited section to
| meet the front and back panels. The
i neck opening may be square and
filled in with a tiny yoke of contrast
ing material or finished with a
■ standing collar. This design will de
velop effectively in blue serge with
; military trimming of braid and gilt
buttons. The pattern is cut in 5
' sizes: 6-8-10-12-14 years and re
i quires 3% yards or 36-inch material
I for the 8-year size. A pattern of
I this illustration mailed to any ad
dress on receipt of 10 cents in
stamps or silver. Address
JEFFERSONIAN PATTERN DEPT.,
Thomson, Ga.
PAGE NINETEEN