PAGE TWELVE
How We Murder Each Other
[Concluded from Page 9)
case, turned the investigation into a virtual
prosecution of the bereaved mother of the
dead boy, and the final decision alluded to
her in terms of unfeeling and insolent offen
siveness.
The action of the Federal Government in
the Sutton case is a reproach to a Christian
people.
As to the Atlanta atrocity,—no one can
think of it without a feeling of horror.
® !S IS
Afraid It Must Be Done Over
I very much fear that we will have to wear
ourselves out whipping those cussed Yankees
again. They are getting awfully brash, here
lately, and their editors are flinging flouts
around in a reckless, dare-devil manner that
indicates thirst for human gore.
Ever since Dickinson made that fool speech
at Gettysburg, and Jeff Davis’s name got
back on that Potomac bridge, and* Uncle Bob
Lee’s statue fell into doubtful company in the
Hall of Fame, the Northern editors have been
pawing dirt and horning clay-roots.
Into this pile of explosives, G. N. Saussy,
“of Georgy, suh!” has wildly cast a burning
brand. He refused, “pint blank”, to take the
oath of allegiance, suh, and the Yankees con
sider this a clear case of Rebel “dare”.
Will they “take it”? Or will they fight?
They are talking it over, and will decide
later.
In the meantime, we advise G. N. Saussy
to be careful. He is being viewed with alarm
in some quarters, and with vengeful indigna
tion in others. Let him beware, especially, of
Capt. Wallace Foster, of Indianapolis, In
diana. If the Captain fights like he writes,
he's a howling wilderness of danger.
Captain Foster has a letter in the Indian
apolis Star which is a clear case of belli. He
says that Saussy “ought to be made to swal
low his vicious hatred of the oath of alle
giance”.
The Captain refers to Jefferson Davis as a
traitor, of course, and says that General Lee
“perjured his soul by deserting from the
United States Army”. He endorses John T.
Campbell, who said that Lee was< another
Benedict Arnold, and Tie bitterly resents the
presence of the statue of Lee, “the arch
rebel and traitor”, in the Hall of Fame along
side that of “the immortal Washington”,—
delightfully compelling everybody to remem
ber that Washington did exactly what Lee
did. the difference being that Washington’s
treason and rebellion were a success and Lee’s
weren’t.
The Captain refers scornfully to yum-yum
reunions of Blue and Gray, and says that
while he can forgive and be kind to a penitent
ex-Confederate, he hates the other sort.
“Penitent” about what. Captain?
We fail to catch your meaning: explain
yourself, suh !
® I® ®
Human Nature
A man of the name of Charles Watson stole
two cents from a slot machine in New York.
He was arrested, and put in jail. Not being
able to give bond, he stayed in prison nearly
three weeks, awaiting trial. Being convicted,
lie was sentenced to ten more days in jail.
The Baltimore Sun. edited by very able and
rational men, commented upon this case, and
contrasted it with the failure of the Federal
Government to punish G. A. Schwab, W. E.
Carroll, and their Assistant Manager, Rey
nolds, who confessed themselves guilty of fla
grant violations of the whiskey laws.
The Sun vehemently condemned the Attor
ney-General and his assistants for their
breach of duty in accepting a small sum of
money from the millionaire criminals, in full
satisfaction for their “flagrant breach of law”.
dje Jeffersonian
The Sun referred also to the scandalous
case of the Sugar Trust thieves, who were
caught robbing the Government of nine mil
lion dollars, and who were let off with the
restitution of less than one-third of the
amount stolen.
But the Nun did not argue from this shock
ing inequality of the administration of jus
tice that we should all become Anarchists,
Communists, Nihilists or Socialists.
And why ? The Sun knows that the differ
ence between Watson’s treatment, and that of
the millionaire thieves, grows out of elemental
human nature.
Some men lie, because they are naturally in
clined that way. Some women are cats, be
cause they were born so. Some men are cow
ards, and they are to be pitied:.they can’t help
it. Some men are virtuous because they have
no rich, red blood in their veins: other men,
red-blooded and full-sexed, are continent be
cause they know that it takes self-restraint to
make a gentleman.
Some men are honest on principle; others
because they dread the disgrace and the pen
alty; others still, because they get no chance;
and there may be some masculine paragons
who never even covet any good thing that be
longs to somebody else.
Those, in authority are just human. We
don't think that Watson’s sentence for steal
ing two cents was severe. Had he known that
the slot-machine had no more than two cents
in it, he would probably have stolen some
where else. The burglar that enters a dwell
ing does not always know when the owner
would be willing to go in cohoot with him, if
he can find anything worth taking away.
The robber who holds up the mail-carrier,
and gets a dollar out of the bag, is no doubt
full of remorse because he ran such risks for
so small a sum.
The amount realized by the criminal out of
the crime, is no measure of his moral tur
pitude. If a highwayman kills a traveller,
and finds only ten cents in his pocket, his
guilt is as deep as if he had found a million.
Why is it that we are unable to bring to
justice the criminals who steal railroads, who
sell worthless stocks, and who swindle the
Government out of millions? The secret is
that these rich men have influential friends,
and extensive business connections. They
finance the campaigns which put office-seekers
in power. They cunningly grant favors to
men in authority, and thus put under;'obliga
tions to them the very officials whose duty it
is to enforce the law. *
The Sugar Trust is a most liberal contribu
tor to campaign funds: so is the Whiskey
Trust. These gigantic combinations of capi
tal get their own lawyers appointed to judge
ships, and to solicitorships, and to attorney
generalships. The big criminals do that
much, and the rest is done by the old Adam
that’s in human nature.
No change of the system of government
will ever eradicate bad traits from all men.
The war between Good and Evil will end
when Gabriel blows his horn, —not an hour
earlier.
® ® I®
Dr. Crumpton's Tract
Here comes another fat-job brother, pitch
ing into Watson about Foreign Missions.
Rev. Dr. S. J. Crumpton, of Alabama, Sec
retary of the “Board”, is industriously circu
lating an 8-page “Reply to an Attack on For
eign Missions”. The expense of this publica
tion will doubtless appear in the minutes of
the next Association. Our deluded people not
only have to bear the expense of unscriptural,
unnatural and unpatriotic missionary meth
ods, but are saddled with the cost of publish
ing the papers, magazines, books and pamph
lets that keep up the eternal howl for the
heathen.
Those ministers who are financially inter
ested, and those honest dupes who believe all
that is told them, are mightily excited just
now, because they realize that the common
people welcome the exposures The Jeffer
sonian has made, and are doing some inde
pendent thinking. The last words Dr.
Crumpton uses in his tract bewail “the dam
age” that Watson “has done to the cause”.
Well, if what he has written has the effect
of lessening this anti-apostolic, un-Biblical
foreign work, and of increasing the solicitude
for the welfare of the needy in our own land,
Mr. Watson will forget the unkind denuncia
tion of interested parties, in the applause of
the intelligent, impartial people who endorse
his position.
Friends, listen, —
Rev. Dr. Corey, in his sermon at Dublin,
was boasting of the great results of mission
ary work in China. It was to his interest to
give big figures. He’s one of the fat-job
brethren, you know. Well, he gave the num
ber of Chinese “converts” at 200,000.
But, in his tract, Rev. Dr. Crumpton found
it necessary to belittle actual results in China,
in order to parry the force of the argument
against bribed converts. So he used this kind
of answer: •
“Is not the fact that the missionaries in China have
enrolled only 112,808 names after 100 years, proof con
clusive that these missionaries have not used any such
method ?”
Now, what do you think of that? One fat
job brother, harangueing the faithful in
Georgia, brags about having 200,000 Chinese
converts. Another fat-job brother, wishing
to convince the people of Alabama that there
is no truth in the statement that the Chinese
“converts” are influenced by money, clothes,-
board, tuition, quinine, etc., says that the mis
sionaries have only enrolled 112,808 names
after 100 years of labor.
Which one of these two fat-job brethren is
telling the truth ? Both are no doubt sincere,
but one of them is certainly mistaken, and it
may be that both are.
We have our doubts about the whole busi
ness. We believe that if the European mis
sionaries should come away from China, and
shut off the “supplies”, there wouldn’t be a
single “convert” that would not return to the
faith of his fathers.
Don’t you remember that when The Jef
fersonian first began to turn on the light, the
missionary fanatics bitterly denied that
board, tuition, clothing, medicine and hos
pital treatment were gratuitously'given to the*
heathen? Don't you remember how ScovillO
and the Wesleyan Christian Advocate and va
rious others jumped on Watson, and called
him hard names?
But after he had proved it on them, what
did they do? Turned right around, and be
gan to justify themselves for doing the very
things they had denied doing!
In Dr. Crumpton’s tract, he admits that
they give heathen children clothes and shoes
to induce them to attend Sunday school; ad
mits that they furnish board and tuition to
these heathen children ; admits that hospital
treatment is free, and that medicines are fur
nished.
In other words, when Watson had proven
what they denounced him for stating, and
proved it by their own books and papers, they
throw a somersault, and begin to say, “IYs,
we do do it. and it is right that we should.”
Dr. Crumpton charges Watson with hav
ing “made an indiscriminate attack on for
eign missions”.
If this were true, the fanatics would not
now be in such hot water. An indiscriminate
attack on foreign missions would have re
coiled on Watson.
Here’s what hurt the fanatics:— Watson
-pointed out that the present way of doing the
work does not conform to Christ's command,
nor to apostolic example.
Reverend friends, let us tell you something.
By your never-ceasing efforts to wring money
out of the pockets of our people to build mag
nificent colleges, churches, hospitals and in-