PAGE EIGHT
3effersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
K At If the above date appears on
|(P| I 111 the label on your,paper it
” means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, March 24, 1910
To the Democrats and Insurgents
in Congress!
You feel the ground-swell of popular
wrath against that damnable Aldrich bill,
don’t you?
You have waked up, at last, to the fact that
the millions in America are tired of being
robbed by the thousands, haven’t you?
You know, now, that the martyrdom of the
old Greenbacker and Populist was not suf
fered in vain, don't you?
The Livingstons and Fitzgeralds were
afraid to desert to the old Joe Cannon, this
election year, WEREN'T THEY?
You can see the flames of public indigna
tion, against those who oppress the people,
sweeping the country like a prairie fire, can't
you?
And you have overthrown that wicked and
vile Old Man of the Sea — whom you could
and should have destroyed last spring!
Ad leones! You have flung him to the
roaring lions, hoping to appease their appe
tites, and their wrath.
It won't do, Gentlemen: IT WON'T DO!
The sacrifice of Cannon is nothing to us,
so long as that INFERNAL NEW TARIFF
is on us — a tariff whose entire character is
displayed in its tax of 50 per cent, on auto
mobiles and 165 per cent, on blankets.
REPEAL THAT DIABOLICAL LAW!
Don’t you dare to come home until you
have done it. You can do it, and you MUST
do it.
Put on its passage a simple resolution, re
pealing the Payne-Aldrich, in toto, and re
enacting the Dingley bill, with a 25 per cent,
cut applied, to all of its schedules. That will
not be revolutionary. It will afford great re
lief to the people, and not seriously affect the
manufacturers.
The profits of these Trusts A S DE
CLARED BY THEMSELVES, are out
rageously and indecently too high. Their
enormous injustice to the people is to be seen
everywhere—from the wretched home and the
bread-line, to the Potter’s field.
SENATOR BACON! I CALL ON YOU
BY NAME: Start the fight in the Senate!
And after you have started it, stay on it, with
the hold of a bull-dog. Whip out these cold
blooded villains of New England! Now's the
time to do it—DO IT!
Roddenberry. of Georgia! I call on you
by name: Win your spurs, by starting the
fight in the House!
Buck up to that Payne-Dalzell crowd.
Fight them. like fighting fire. They can be
whipped. Follow up the overthrow of Can
non, overthrowing the monstrous law that
he foisted on the people! Until you have
done. THAT, your triumph over Cannon is
no victory over Cannonism.
*sl>e Jeffersonian
What we want to get rid of, is not a wicked
man, BUT A WICKED LAW!
Repeal that Aldrich tariff, Gentlemen! It
can be done! By uniting, and downing Can
non, you yourelves have shown us what you
can do when you try.
In peril of your political lives, PRESS
ON, Democrats and Insurgents. Undo what
the Regulars did, last year.
Repeal the law w T hich is dealing destruc
tion to our export trade, and carrying havoc
to the homes of the poor.
O, Beloved! Come and See This!
“There lies before me, as I write”, another
letter, sent out by my lawless Brethren, Bell
and Graham.
These worthy citizens edit, publish and en
deavor to circulate a paper which they con
sider quite religious. The name of said paper
is, The Christian Index. However, people of
caution and circumspection, not wishing to
commit themselves too far in this matter,
simply call it, The Index— which is altogeth
er the safer thing to do.
The epistle in question bears date March
10, 1910. So you can see for yourself it’s no
“old second-hand corpse”.
According to the invariable custom of
these amiable men, their letter begins:
“Dear Bro:—•”
They even write to me that way; and then
follow up the “Dear Bro.” address with a
dose that might have cojne from men who
were no kin to me at all.
But let us move on:
There are four alternative requests which
Brothers Bell and Graham, in this case,
make of “Dear Bro.” These are set out with
beautiful precision; and, strange as it may
. , * « low one another, in a straight
line, like four pigs going to the plum tree.
First breaking to “Dear Bro.” the painful
news that he owes them $7.60, they begin
“most respectfully to beg” of him that he do
one of the four following things:
(1) Pay up. If not able, then
(2) Pay $5. “And we will balance your
account.” If not able to do that, then
(3) Sign the enclosed note for the debt.
If not able or willing to do either of the
three, then
(4) “Return this letter to us."
Well, if that isn’t enough to make an un
dertaker laugh ’ The fourth request, freely
translated, might be rendered thus:
“We don’t want this to fall into Tom Wat
son's hands.”
(1) Consider the business acumen which
manifests itself in this letter. “You owe us
$7.60: please pay it: but if you don’t, we will
let you off for $5; and if you don’t pay that,
sign the enclosed note. But, if you do not
wish to do even so much as to give your note
for the debt, just consider it settled, and re
turn us our silly letter.”
I’d give 30 cents to know how much of the
Filthy they got, as the result of that kind of
circularizing. You could safely wage your
best mule against a brass button, that it did
not pan out enough to pay for the stamps used.
(2) Think of the violation of the Postal
laws revealed in this letter. The friend who
sends it to me writes that Bell and Graham
have been continuing The Index for more
than three years, without renewal. He says
that he has written them, repeatedlv to stop
it—but they won’t. He told the Post Master
that he refused the paper, but The Index
came to the P. O. just the same.
Now what do you think of that way of
doing business? It’s a violation of the law.
It’s not treating the people right. It’s add
ing enormously to Governmental expenses.
All of these sectarian publications seem to be
down with the same complaint. The P. O.
Department loses money on every ton of sec
ond-class mail matter—and there are thou
sands and thousands of tons of this illegal
mail sent out by “the religious press”.
(3) The letter is not marked “private”, nor
“confidential”, although the request to return
implies that Bell and Graham did not want
it made public.
Were they not engaged in violating the
law, injuriously to all the people, I would re
spect their wishes.
But as they are doing wrong, at the ex
pense of the public, their desire for secrecy,
while as natural as that of others who are
violating the laws, is not more deserving of
consideration.
Men and Brethren! Do you understand
why the sectarian editors and publishers keep
sending their papers to folks who do not
want them?
They do it in order that they may claim a
large circulation, and thus impose on the ad
vertisers.
Does it speak - *,veil for “the religious press”?
Georgia Voters! The Books Close
on the Fifth Day of April!
Look sharp, men!
You have only a few more days in which
to sign your own name, AND TAKE THE
OATH.
If you don't swear, as well as sign, you lose
your vote.
If you have signed one of those slips, go
at once, and take the oath.
Signing your name to an oath is not a full
compliance with this infernal new law— a
monstrosity for which many virtuous pleas
are made, but whose purpose was to diminish
the power of the country counties.
Seeing Snakes Again!
John Lee, late of Boston, Massachusetts,
has an unlimited capacity for conjuring up
ghosts, spectres, hobgoblins, haunts, chimeras
dire, and unearthly visions. It would really
seem—to judge from John’s letters and pro
nunciamentos—that he is subject to severe,
intermittent attacks of verbal cholera morbus.
His most recent proclamation appears in
Duck’s quietly expiring paper. The headline
selected by Johnsey reads as follows:
“FARMERS ARE BEING BUNCOED
AGAIN."
Now, Johnesey, who buncoed the farmers,
before? When and where w T ere they bun
coed? What are you talking about, when
you say that the farmers are being buncoed,
again?
In this most recent of John’s violent and
ungrammatical roars, he denounces a lot of
“imposters”, who are selling guano, and
writing letters to “the secular press".
John says that these men are “defrauders
who are trying to destroy the Union”.
If John and Duckworth vouch for an At
lanta Produce Warehouse, and thus cause a
lot of loyal Union men to lose poultry, eggs,
butter, potatoes, etc., it is treachery to the
Union to condemn “the little bunch”, eh?
If Duck and Barron help themselves to
Union funds, and are criticised for it—the
critics are trying to destroy the Union, are
they?
If John gets whipped “behind closed doors”,
and, by forgery, keeps the Locals from learn
ing that he was whipped, it is an attack on
the Union to expose John's moral turpitude,
is it?
“The little bunch” went' astray—far astray
—and they will try in vain to escape by mak
ing Patriotic Noises.
D. J. Neill is petering out in Texas; and
the Dnck-Lee-Ladson-Boodlehunter combine
has seen its best day in Georgia.
* . friends in the Union know that the
Union, and the farming class generally,
never had a better friend than I; and. at the
next State Convention, the unprincipled ad
venturer who defamed me. in defense of a
crime-stained Atlanta pettifogger, will get
his hide taken off.