They Won't Fight Fair
“Baptists are not very proud of the fact that
one of their number, Hon. Thomas E. Watson, of
Georgia, is very vigorously opposing the work of
missions. He has become so vigorous in the at
tacks that he has challenged Hon. William Jen
nings Bryan for a joint debate. Should Mr.
Bryan accept the challenge we predict that Mr.
Watson will be completely vanquished. At this
time when the Laymen’s Conferences are so
stressing the work of missions the man who dares
interpose objection to carrying out the Lord’s
command, is not on very safe ground.”—The Cen
tral Baptist, St. Louis, Missouri.
Well, there are some Baptists that I'm not
any too proud of, either. For instance, those
editors of Indexes and Central Baptists who
persist in misrepresenting my position, and
who seem to be wild on the subject of the
eternal foreigner.
What nation has not had the Gospel
preached to it? Name one.
What missionary of the first eighteen hun
dred years after Christ ever drained the home
congregations for money to give foreigners
food, clothing, medicine, medical and surgi
cal and dental services, free lodging, free
books, free tuition, free teaching in farming
and carpentering and blacksmithing? Name
him!
Think of sending out of this country, into
what we call heathendom, a cluster of church
bells which cost SI,OO0 —and every one of our
big cities disgraced by the crowds of neg
lected sick, unemployed poor, and starving
men, women and children. I am in favor of
sending men (not girls and women and
Ellen Stones) to preach the Word of God —
Christ and Him crucified. These holy men
should go from town to town proclaiming
their Savior and explaining His plan of sal
vation. They should not draw fancy salaries,
in elegant homes, (one for winter and one
for summer!) and spend their lives dawdling
at the same station.
Every one of our women engaged in that
foreign service, ought to De called home, and
PUT TO WORK IN THE HOME FIELD.
I wonder what Paul would have written,
had he dreamed of the future 20th century,
with its Ellen Stones roaming the helpless
East, and its Elsie Siegel horrors in America.
Horrors which the missionary, Dr. Paul
W ake field, declared the missionaries had long
konwn, BUT WHICH THEN CON
CEALED.
• Just Two Little Bond Issues
Some time ago, the United States Govern
ment issued some $98,000,000 of bonds. But
they were called Panama bonds, and little
comment was heard. Somehow, the word
“Panama” appears to lift the load.
But two other issues of bonds have been
decided on, and will soon be saddled on us.
They are going to spend $20,000,000 on
some more marble buildings in Washington
City.
Hence bonds.
They are going to spend $30,000,000 add
ing to the number of those farms that can get
water whenever they want it.
Hence bonds.
A Judgment Sent From on High
There’s no measuring the malice underly
ing the statement you sometimes hear some
one make to the effect that an affliction is a
“judgment” sent from God to punish A or B
for an alleged offense.
Cardinal Gibbons has drawn another big
draft on the inexhaustible Bank of Ignorance
and Superstition, by announcing that the
rise in the Biver Seine was a judgment sent
by God to punish France for separating the
State from the Church. The papal hierarchy
no longer draws $10,000,000 per annum from
the State Treasury of France, and Papa is
awfully mad about it. Os course, when dago
Xsl)€ 3tfferso<lan
Pappy gets riled, Bro. Gibbons has to bristle
and snort.
If the rise in the Seine was caused by Di
vine wrath, what caused the floods in the Ohio
valley?
Was the earthquake at San Francisco a
"'judgment”? Was the Wellington avalanche
a judgment on those sleeping passengers?
What had those unfortunate victims of Na
ture done, that was worse than the crimes of
all other passengers on all other trains, that
awful night?
When so many thousands of Catholics per
ished in the Lisbon catastrophe, was it a judg
ment sent upon them? Were those Catholics
any wickeder than the rest?
The sickening thing about such talk as that
of Gibbons is, that he should feel that he can
safely indulge in it. He knows that the hu
man mind is capable of being debauched to
an unlimited extent, if you will approach it
along the lines of its political prejudice, or
its religious learnings.
The bloodiest, most barbarous brutalities
inflicted upon laboring classes by capitalists,
utterly fail to shake the laborer’s belief that
the capitalists enact tariff laws to protect la
bor.
And the evidence visible to our own eyes
to the fact that Nature’s laws operate uni
formly, regularly, without haste, without
rest, without fear or favor, love or hate—is
absolutely without power to convince the av
erage man and woman that there never has
been, and never can be, a “judgment” sent on
anybody.
Christ Himself mocked and condemned
that superstition, but it’s here yet.
Ask the Hoke Men About Cyrus
W. Hicks
Suppose a man in Florida wants to convey
land in Georgia, what formalities are neces
sary? The deed (before it can be recorded)
must be signed, or acknowledged before a
Commissioner appointed by the Governor of
Georgia.
Such official representative of Georgia
takes the title of “Commissioner of Deeds for
Georgia”.
All Georgians in Florida, and all other per
sons who have occasion to execute title land
in Georgia must patronize that Commission
er—appearing before him in person.
Who was selected by Governor Hoke Smith
to represent the State of Georgia, in Jack
sonville, Florida?
Cyrus IF. Hicks.
And who’s he?
A BLACK NEGRO!
I was not aware of the fact myself until
today, (March 7th) when I received the in
formation in a letter from Brunswick, Geor
gia,—where Cy was raised.
Who Said Crown of Thorns and
Cross of Gold?
Bryan sprang into fame on that celebrated
line. Was the idea or the words original
with him? No. He merely threw into ora
torical form a sentence in a book called
“Statesmen Three”, by A. C. Fiske, of New
York.
I have the book, but never knew anything
of the author until I happened to receive a
circular from The American Colonization
Corporation. From this, it appears that Mr.
Fiske is President of a movement whose pur
pose is to “Offer a Home to Everybody”.
It is a pleasure to learn that the modest
citizen whose thought and words were so
boldly and brilliantly appropriated by Peer
less J. Bryan still has hands on the plow—in
the effort to give the under-man an up-lift.
The address of the association is 32 Broad
way, New York City.
If the Socialists and Foreign Missionaries
would buckle down to work like that of the
American Colonization Corpration, we would
not have so many thousands of homeless peo
ple dying in want.
Those Good But Misguided
Indiana Ladies
in Missionary Tidings for March, 1910, we
find this item:
“We need $2 5,000 in the Easter offering from
the young people of our churches. The Helen E.
Moses Girls’ Christian Orphanage at Bayamon,
Porto Rico, must be erected at once, and there are
hundreds of children in our six Orphanages and
one Babies’ Home that must be supported by the
funds given to the Young People’s Department.”
With six orphanages in Porto Rico, al
ready, and with “hundreds of children” of
that alien race comfortably maintained and
educated, the good sisters of The Woman’s
Mission Board demand twenty-five thousand
dollars more to build another home for these
West Indian children.
This particular Board has headquarters in
the city of Indianapolis. It has no eyes and
ears for the cries of the home-folks of In
diana. Its concern is for those afar off.
In Anderson, Indiana, a poor widow, with
a house full of children, was arrested for
stealing coal from some cars, two weeks ago.
She attempted no denial. She said that she
and her children were freezing, that her
means were exhausted, and that she could get
no work.
■ lit I r <
1 E ‘“HSWr £| I I'M’ 11
I • a UT "I
BOYS’ ORPHANAGE, BAYAMON, PORTO RICO
(Picture copied from “ Missionary Tidings ”)
What did the Indiana Christians do for
that poor American widow ? LOCKED HER
UP IN JAIL.
That was a nice way to keep her children x
from freezing or starving, wasn’t it?
I felt a curiosity to know whether the city
of Anderson was a contributor to the Board
in Indianapolis. Turning to the report of rev
enues flowing into this Woman’s Board, I
soon found the name of Anderson. There
she was, sending in her money to support or
phans in Porto Rico, WHEN HER OWN
ORPHANS WERE PERISHING WITH
IN HER GATES.
Men and brethren! That kind of thing is
going on all over this Union.
Isn’t it a shame? I see in the Dallas (Texas)
AYws (a friend sent me the paper,) a state
ment given out by the M. E. Church, South.
Listen:
“The general board and the woman’s board of
foreign missions raised $715,120. Os this amount
$67,857 was spent in the United States, LEAV
ING FOR MISSIONS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES
$647,263.”
If that statement isn’t an awful proof of
sheer missionary madness, what is it?
One dollar for the illiterate, irreligious and
destitute of the South, and TEN DOLLARS
for the foreigners!
That was the 1908 situation: the Laymen’s
Movement aims to co-operate with the
churches and make conditions vastly better—
for whom? FOR THE FOREIGNERS.
PAGE NINE