PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Trmple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttrtd at Postvjjfct, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, iqQTj, at stctnd
flats mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 19, 1908
'Railroad Tactics.
By allowing their railroads to go into
the hands of receivers, and by laying off
thousands of employes, the Wall street
thie/es are trying to turn public opinion
against governmental control of these
properties.
Consider one case which fairly illus
trates them all.
George Gould and a congenial group
of looters bought the Western of Mary
land Railroad, a few years ago, paying
$8,000,000. These plunderers immediate
ly watered the stocks and bonds, and un
loaded the fraudulent securities upon the
public. • The stock of the road had wa
ter poured into it to the amount of $59,-
000,000! The bonds were corresponding
ly watered.
This huge load of fictitious capitaliza
tion was more than the railroad could
earn dividends on, and therefore it has
gone into the hands of receivers.
Cuckoo corporation editors shake their
heads knowingly, as they point to the
fate of the Western of Maryland, and
they moralize to this effect:
“See what the demagogues have done!
They interfered with the management of
railroads, reduced passenger rates, and
thus by drastic legislation ruined a fine
property, caused employes to lose their
jobs,” etc.
(See, Jeremiah.)
These Cuckoo editors never tell you a
blessed thing about the modernized Rob-
Royism of George Gould and his Wall
street gang, who stole more than $50,-
000,000 from the road under forms of
law, and then left the road to its fate.
Cuckoo editors have a marvelous charity
for the rascalities of our Wall street
millionaires—especially when the stealing
of a railroad is the subject of discussion.
If such railway systems as the Sea
board Air Line, the Georgia Central and
the Western of Maryland were honestly
operated with a view to earning dividends
upon actual cash investment and value
they would never have to discharge nec
essary employes, default on fixed charges,
or fail to declare good dividends. Be
sides, they would always have sufficient
funds to keep rolling stock, roadbed,
etc., in first class condition, and thereby
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
diminish the number of people whom
they wound or kill every year.
But when gangs of Wall street rascals
clutch such railroads, and swindle the.
public and the stock-holders by the is
suance of hundreds of millions of dol
lars of watered stock, the roads have to
be operated with a view to paying divi
dends upon this dishonest capitalization.
Hence it is that roadbed and bridges are
neglected, employes overworked, safety
appliances unprovided and wrecks multi
plied.
In the eyes of God, the men who do
such deeds are robbers and murderers.
They know that the natural consequences
of what they do to these roads will be
the loss of human life. They know that
a railroad, burdened with a huge ficti
tious capitalization, cannot possibly keep
itself in first class condition and. at the
same time, earn dividends upon the frau
dulent stock.
Harriman has bought the Georgia Cen -
tral for $3,000,000. yet the Morgan-Ryan-
Calhoun gang watered the securities up
to $51,000,000. The Central could al
ways have paid good dividends upon its
honest capitalization of about $7,000.000 —
but how can it pay dividends upon $51,-
000,000? It cannot do it —but in the ef
fort to do it the property is run on the
cheapest scale, necessary improvements
not made, and employes and patrons
squeezed to the limit.
A figure-head president is paid $20,000
per year ; a pompous lawyer $15.000 —and
the Central hasn’t a decently comforta
ble station between Macon and Savannah.
Railroad tactics are the same through
out the Union. The Wall street mag
nates own many judges, editors, newspa
pers and politicians, and they are tireless
in their efforts to deceive as well as
plunder the people, but gradually the
masses are coming to understand the
facts.
*
Will Our Railroad Commission
Take Heed?
It was at a small station on the main
line of the railroad—a station that has
been in constant use ever since the road
was built. The night was cold, and
there was no light or fire in the office
where tickets are sold. Very obligingly
the ticket-agent invited the group of pas
sengers, who had just bought tickets, to
cross over to the other side of the road
to his store, where there were light and a
comfortable fire.
“I’ll let you know when it is time to
go back to the other side to take the
train,” said he.
And so they went across to the store,
where they sat, awaiting the train.
“All right, now,” said the agent after
awhile, “the train is coming.” He had
his lantern, for it was dark. Escorting
the passengers across the track, the
agent went in advance, with no thought
of danger when, all at once, cries and
screams of terror ring out, and a special
engine, ahead of the passenger train,
dashes upon the group at thirty miles an
hour, and one unfortunate young lady is
hurled forty feet, to be picked up dying.
She’s dead, Governor!
She’s dead, McLendon!
For months and months, The Jeffer
sonian has harped upon this neglect of
the smaller passenger stations. For
months and months, we have made every
effort to have these waiting rooms lit
up at night, and heated in cold weather.
In a personal interview with the Gov
ernor, we did our best to make him
realize what hardships and perils to pas
sengers were involved in the failure to
provide accommodations at these sta
tions.
But our efforts were wasted. The poor
girl who was killed at Berzelia lost her
life because the railroad had provided no
waiting room at the depot where she
bought her ticket. Sacrificed to syste
matic neglect poor Mary Simons was
hurled into eternity without a minute’s
warning. On her way home —in com
pany with her father, returning with
neighbors and friends from religious ex
ercises—the pure, good girl was never to
bring into that humble home the light of
her eyes again.
Only one of the victims of systematic,
continuous neglect; who next?
Governor! it might have been your
daughter instead of the daughter of poor
Tom Simons.
Will you and your enlarged Railroad
Commission never take action in this
vital matter of accommodations at pas
senger stations?
How many more victims must follow
Mary Simons before you will compel
these foreign-owned railroads to treat
their patrons better?
Wherever tickets are sold, accommo
dations for the waiting passenger should
be provided.
In what respect is this rule unfair?
H H
Mr. "Bryan ’s Platform.
The Nebraska conventions (Demo
cratic-Populist) have been held, and Mr.
Bryan has put forth his nomination for
the presidency upon a platform of his own
making.
In 1896, when Mr. Bryan ignored the
Southern Populists and wasted precious
time in a wild-goose chase after the
imaginary chances of storming New
England, he could offer,-as an excuse for
his folly, that the Democratic leaders in
the South were to blame. It is well
known that these great statesmen de
liberately chose to sacrifice the national
ticket rather than run any risk of having
their local control disturbed by the Popu
lists. In every Southern state, the WalJ
street corporations were plundering the
people through the instrumentality of the
local Democratic machines, and neither
the Wall street corporations nor the lo
cal Democratic machines had the slight
est idea of doing anything which would
jeopardize the interests of the plunderers.
Therefore, in 1896, Mr. Bryan was, to a