PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
TNKM. LIFE.
The advantages offered by agricultural in
dustries to young men of this age are greater
than any other calling. It takes a real man
to be a successful farmer, but when he is suc
cessful he has done something and has some
thing.
It beats clerking in a store or bank, and
gives one freedom, good pure air, health and
ability to eat good, healthy food without suf
fering from dyspepsia and other troubles caus
ed by the lack of exercise. While farming
has its drawbacks, risks, disappointments and
cares, after all the calling affords young men
better openings now than ever before, and
there is no existence that should be happier,
in that one can lie down at night and peace
fully slumber without fears as to his ability
to please his employer and hold his job. Stick
to the farm, boys.—Opelika Post.
FARMERS COMPARED
TO MANUFACTURERS.
Mr. John A. Rush, Montezuma.
My Dear Sir: I did not look over the
speech as published in the Missouri World,
and they may have got the figures wrong. My
statistics were very carefully taken from the
Abstract, published by the government, and I
know they are correct.
In the year 1880 there were nearly 8,000,000
people engaged in agriculture. The amount
of capital invested was, in round numbers,
$12,000,000,000. The product sold for $2,212,-
000,000. Wages, at $348.00 for each person
engaged in agriculture, would have amounted
to $2,584,222,000; therefore, the farmers did
not make enough clear profit to allow them
selves the same wages that were paid in the
manufacturing establishments; they fell short
of this $212,000,000. In this calculation noth
ing is allowed for interest on the capital in
vested, nothing to pay for repairs, nothing
to pay taxes with, and nothing for the
expense of management or the wearing away
of the lands.
In the year 1890 the number of persons
engaged in agricultural pursuits was 8,500,000.
The capital invested amounted to $16,000,-
000,000; the product sold for $2,460,000,000.
Putting the wages at the same rate paid to
laborers in manufacturing establishments, the
sum total would have been nearly $3,000,-
000,000. Therefore, you will see that the en
tire product was far from being enough to
pay actual wages, without allowing anything
for interest on capital, for wear and tear,
for taxes. During this same year (1880) the
amount of capital invested in manufactures
was slightly less than $3,000,000,000. The pro
duct sold for more than $5,000,000,000, and
after paying all expenses, including wages,
the profit was upwards of $1,000,000,000,
nearly 40 per cent clear.
In 1890 the capital invested in manufac
tures was $6,500,000,000, and the product sold
for much more than $9,000,000,000. After
paying wages and for all raw material, the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
net profit was nearly $2,000,000,000, or about
30 per cent upon the capital invested.
If there is any flaw in this statement, no
body has ever attempted to expose it. „ The
figures are not taken from any of my books
or from any reform publications, but are taken
from the official report of the government.
Very truly youts,
THOS. E. WATSON.
MORTGAGES! MORTGAGES!
No farmer can be the free and independent
American citizen he should be and give a
mortgage on his crop from year to year. A
mortgage means financial death to any one
who will give it. Co-Operator editor is glad
to know that now there is a general awaken
ing, all over the country, on the subject of
mortgages. Fifteen years ago in the town of
Minneola, when Co-Operator editor first be
gan this fight, he stood almost alone, and it
was a very unpopular fight indeed. Today the
fight against the mortgage and credit sys
tem is one of the basic principles of the Far
mers’ Union, the greatest farmers’ organiza
tion this world has ever seen. When we
first began the fight, the merchants of our
little city were very bitter against us, be
lieving that we were trying to injure their
business. But they finally got converted to
the doctrine and became as great supporters
of the doctrine as we were.
The fight against mortgages is not a fight
against the merchants or any other legitimate
business. This is a fight not only for the
farmer, but for all other legitimate business
enterprises. The system is bad not only for
the farmer, but for the merchant as well.
With all the caution merchants can take, fully
95 per cent of them fail sooner or later. This
proves beyond any doubt whatever that the
system is bad for them as well as for the
farmer. It is financial death to the farmer
all the time and is financial death to the mer
chant sooner or later. The farmer, now, be
ing a business man, or should be, should sim
ply refuse longer to practice a system which
he knows means his financial death, a system
which literally makes slaves of himself, his
wife and his babies. The system also being
bad for the merchant, meaning ultimately his
financial death, the merchant should oppose
the system and do all in his power to do
away .with it, and he will do so when he
properly understands it.
We should simply refuse to give a mort
gage. The merchant many times is forced to
exact a mortgage if he sells on time. If he
sells on credit, he must likely buy on credit,
and the man from whom he buys will not sell
him unless he exacts a mortgage from those
to whom he extends credit. Thus you see it
is not the fault of the local merchants. It is
the fault of the system under which we have
lived for so many long, weary years.
There is no way to be financially independ
ent but to stay clear of mortgages, live at
home, stay out of debt, and thus be able to
control the price of our products. We will
make but poor headway in controlling prices
if we do not own the products, for pay day
must come some day, and the products placed
upon the market will always break prices.
This, now, is an individual matter. Let us
begin at the home, the very base of civiliza
tion, and bring about this reform, thus mak
ing the farmer what, indeed, he should be,
the most prosperous and independent man on
the face of the earth.—National Co-Operator.
FROM CALIFORNIA.
I herewith enclose $2, which please place
to my credit as a subscriber to Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine to commence with Decem
ber, 1907, and forward. I am not a Geor
gian; though I am a farmer, and for this rea
son read your article on cotton, co-operation,
etc., with great interest. It reminded me of a
talk the late Governor Mount made to the
farmers of Indiana a few years ago. He said
for every bushel of wheat you raise on your
farm you take from your soil—your bank
-20 cents worth of nitrogen, potash and pros
perity, i. e., he explained, if you want your
farm to be as rich as it was before you raised
a bushel of wheat, you must go into the mar
ket and buy 26 cents worth of fertilizer and
incorporate the same in the soil, etc. Now,
sir, if you will examine the export statistics,
you will find that for the last 22 years,
excluding two, the United States has exported
about one hundred millions of bushels of wheat
average per annum; that is, we have exported
from the farms of the North $26,000,000 in
fertilizers per annum in wheat alone. Jim Hill
recently told the farmers of Minnesota that
they had taken more fertility fro mtheir lands
in about seventy years than should have been
taken if judiciously farmed in five hundred
years. Prof. Curtis, of lowa Agricultural Col
lege, in 1904 said:
“In selling SI,OOO worth of wheat off
the farm we sell with it about $350 worth
of fertility.” We know that the average price
of wheat bran in the United States prior to
1904 was S2O per ton and that the United
States has published a bulletin on manure in
which it says that the Value of the fertilizer
in a ton of wheat bran is worth $33. This all
goes to prove that the late Governor knew what
he was talking about.
If the South exported her cotton in the raw,
she would approach the North in her prodi
gality. The South is far more provident; she
sells her lint, which carries (like butter) no
fertility. She sells her oil aftei’ manufacturing
the same at home, and likewise her cotton seed
meal. This paper, of course, does not touch
many other articles exported by the North
to her great loss. This may also give you an
idea of why the Northwest farmers of thb
United States are going per annum fifty to sev
enty-five thousand strong with bag and bag
gage to Canada, nor do they know why they
are going. Some will say for cheap land, but
they will all agree that they want bigger crops,
that the land doesn’t produce as it used to,