PAGE TWELVE
Bro. Archibald of Alabama
(Concluded from Page 9)
ken of our gentle Christian brother of West
End, Birmingham, Alabama. In his next
paragraph, Bro. Archibald says,-
Some time since he (Watson) threw out a big
lump of his ignorance of the whole matter by as
serting that nine-tenths of the money raised was
used up in expenses and that but ten cents of every
dollar goes to the mission fields. Os course he
meant to say that if he had a chance at it they
would have but little left.
It is not often that a more vicious para
graph than this is admitted into a secular
newspaper; we hope that denominational or
gans like the Alabama Christian Advocate
do not habitually publish such wanton attacks
upon character. In plain English, the Rev.
R. M. Archibald' 1 s insinuation is, that if Mr.
Watson had access to the mission funds, he
would steal them! One must be far gone in
the opposite direction from Christian charity
that thinketh no evil when he can give rein
to such libelous innuendos as that.
Mr. Watson has never arraigned the hon
esty of mission methods, nor even alleged
that the management was wasteful. On the
contrary, he quoted the New York World's
statement about the ten per cent, that reached
the heathen, and expressly said that he, Wat
son, could not endorse it.
Our readers remember how it was.
Attacking Watson because of his op
posing the giving of secular education, board,
clothing, etc., to the yellow, brown and black
people of the Orient, when there is so much
unrelieved misery and illiteracy in our own
land, Bro. Archibald writes:
This is an outright appeal to race prejudice and
could not be said by one who advocates the doc
trine of the unity of the race as taught by Christ.
If Christ “advocated the doctrine of the
unity of the race,” why have we got a Meth
odist Episcopal Church South? There is a
Northern Methodist Church and a Southern
Methodist Church: what rock did they split
on? Wasn’t there a nigger in that wood
pile ?
As an example of the delicacy of Bro. Ar
chibald’s literary taste, we quote this gem of
purest ray serene :
Mr. Watson claims to have read much litera
ture, “all in the interest of foreign missions,” and
that it all substantiates his position. Certainly.
A man with his eyes can get proof anywhere. He
is like the sleeping drunk man into whose stubby
mustache some fellows rubbed some Limburger
cheese. When he awoke he had occasion to turn
up his nose. He went out into the street, to the
edge of the town and into the woods, with his nose
turned up all the while and upon his return said,
“The whole world stinks.”
The Limburger cheese that was rubbed on
Watson’s face and mind, is the missionary
literature already mentioned.
It is pretty rough on Bishop Bashford, and
the compilers of that Conference book, and
Dr. Carpenter and Reverend J. A. Scarboro
to be classed as Limburger cheese. How these
followers of the meek and lowly Jesus will
take a jolt like that we don’t know, but if
Bro. Archibald had said that anything that
we have written has made the whole world
stink, we would not like it a bit.
Brother Archibald furiously maintains the
sincerity of Chinese converts. Let him read
the July number of the Jeffersonian Maga
zine, and learn some things that he does not
know. Let him also study the ghastly revela
tions of how the cunning Chinese of New
York pretend to be converted as a cloak for
unspeakable vices and diabolical crimes. The
press of the whole country has been ringing
with it, and THE HORRIFIED MISSION
WORKERS HAVE BEGUN TO CLOSE
THE DOORS OF THE CHINESE MIS
SIONS.
Alluding to Mr. Watson, Rev. Archibald
exclaims:
Poor old croaker! For a number of years he
has been eating the rotten apples of political dis-
appointment, and the fermentation of the indi
gestible mass has produced z aii excess of gas that
must be gotten rid of in some way. The belching
forth of his fetid air is in bad taste and exceed
ingly offensive to the olfactory nerves of those who
in Jesus’ name are trying to help supply the needs
of the world; but if it gives him relief I suppose
we should endure it; only let every one avoid the
error that has brought about his disease and made
it chronic.
Some years ago, a member of Congress,—
Joseph G. Cannon —used certain words in the
heat of debate which conveyed substantially
the same meaning as those of Bro. Archibald.
For his vulgarity and obscenity, Mr. Cannon
was hissed off the floor of the House, was car
tooned in all the papers as the man of the
filthy mouth, and was driven by universal
scorn out of public life. It was several years
before he emerged from his enforced retire
ment, —a wiser man.
If Bro. Archibald had used that disgusting
language of his about intestinal gas before an
assemblage of ordinarily decent people, he,
also, would have been hissed from the stage,
and would have slunk off into temporary ob
scurity. Gentlemen—much less Christian gen
tlemen —do not wallow in filthy allusions and
illustrations.
Since he did not inflict his nasty sentences
upon an audience, but used them to soil the
page of a Christian paper, we will content
ourselves by expressing the hope that the Rev.
Archibald will never be sent abroad to do mis
sion work. It would be impossible for him to
teach the heathen better manners than he
himself has; and were he to educate them to
his own standards, it would be bad for the
heathen. Just let him stay at home, where
his unfortunate lack of innate refinement and
of good breeding must be endured as one of
the trials inflicted upon us by a mysterious
Providence whose ways are past finding out.
China has a system of public schools; so
has Japan; we consider it a fine specimen of
missionary madness when a parson, living in
Alabama where there is so much illiteracy,
should attack Mr. Watson with malignity be
cause he contends that it is not our Christian
duty to support secular schools in China and
Japan, IN OPPOSITION TO THE GOV
ERNMENT SCHOOLS OF THOSE
COUNTRIES.
g| g) g]
Imported Editorials
We beg to extend our hearty congratula
tions to the Atlanta Journal. It has had the
good sense to realize that its editorial page
needed jacking up, and it has begun to im
prove it with better stuff imported from the
North. The Atlanta dailies are fond admirers
of William Randolph Hearst. They don’t
vote with him much in Presidential years, but
they follow humbly in his tracks in newspa
per methods.
One of these dailies adorns its palpitating
pages with the Hearst pictures which come
without any paint on. Another one uses the
Hearst pictures which wear thick coats of loud
colors. And Hoke’s Journal borrows or buys
Hearst editorials, and sandwiches them be
tween the brilliant and instructive things
which ooze from the regular Journal staff.
As already stated, we heartily congratulate
the Hoke organ upon its wisdom in recogniz
ing its need of help. Nevertheless, there is
some feeling of faint regret at seeing the
proud Hoke organ fall into the class of the
Louisville, Ky., Herald, and the St. Joseph,
Mo., Star. These Southern papers feed on
Hearst editorials, which they pass off as their
own. Some days you will find that a leading
editorial in the Atlanta Journal and in the
two papers named above will be the same in
thought and the same in words. These edi
torials are always good. So much so, indeed,
that some drowsy reader of the Journal will
' rub his eyes and exclaim, “By George! That's
a cracker-jack article. I’ll write the Journal
a note of congratulation.”
Heffersonlaft
He writes the note and the Journal prints
it, taking to itself the praise which belongs to
our friend Arthur Brisbane. Brother Arthur
gets SIOO,OOO a year for writing Hearst edi
torials, and they are worth the money. A very
modest man is Brother Brisbane, and he is si
lent and perhaps amused when some enthu
siastic reader of Hoke’s Journal praises that
paper for an editorial which it imported from
New York.
’Tis a funny world, full of queer doings.
® ® ®
The Election of Judges
The Grecian philosopher, Aristotle, was
anything but a demagogue. He was an ex
ceedingly wise man, perhaps the profoundest
intellect of the ancient world. Yet this Gre
cian sage declared that no one man, no matter
how gifted naturally or cultivated by educa
tion, was capable of making a wiser decision
on any subject whatever than the common
multitude composed of all the people. This
opinion of Aristotle finds expression in the
modern adage that “/Vc> one man is wiser than
all men."
Why does not the principle apply to the se
lection of Judges ? In Georgia they are elect
ed by the people. It is now proposed that the
selection of Judges be taken from all the peo
ple and be given to one of the people, namely,
the Governor. Who is it that will contend that
any one man —although he be Governor —is
better able to select a Judge than all of the
men who constitute the people of Georgia?
If our folks are wise, they will not allow
any change. Let the system remain as it is.
As long as the people choose their own Judges
we may be certain that the corporations will
not own the judiciary. One of the crying evils
of the day is that those Judges who are not
elected by the people are making decisions
which deprive the States, the Federal Govern
ment and the people themselves or their legal
rights. The lawyers will tell you that the
books are full of Judge-made laws. The Fed
eral judiciary to the extent of about seventy
per cent, is filled up with corporation lawyers
appointed by one man —the President. If the
Federal Judges had been selected by the peo
ple, we never would have had those infamous
decisions which have created such profound
disgust and indignation from one end of the
country to the other.
® ® H
What a Few People Dislike
The “Wesleyan Christian Advocate” pub
lishes a letter written by Rev. R. C. Cleckler.
We quote one paragraph:
“In 1907 there were 1,162 hospitals and dis
pensaries maintained by the Protestant boards
in foreign fields, and in these during the pre
vious year, 2,347,780 patients were treated.
This is a great work and costs a great deal of
money. And for that reason a few people dis
like it.”
Brother Cleckler says this thing of carrying
surgical and medical treatment to two million,
three hundred and forty-seven thousand, sev
en hundred and eighty heathen is a great
work. It certainly is; Brother Cleckler says
that it costs us a great deal of money. It cer
tainly does. Brother Cleckler says that a few
of us object to it. A few of us certainly do.
But not because it costs big money. A few
of us object to it because it is not Scriptural,
and because it is unnatural and unpatriotic.
We should first measure up to our responsibil
ity for our own sufferers, before we export our
surgeons and doctors and medicines to foreign
fields. If our Christianity meant as much to
our home-folks as we are making it mean to
the heathen, it might not be losing ground so
rapidly in the lives of the people. Eleven
hundred and sixty-two hospitals could do “a
great work” among the neglected poor of
America.