PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events
The world waits in breathless interest
the exciting moment, when the House of
Lords is to act upon the fa-
England on mous tax budget which has
Anxious kept all England in fever heat
Tiptoes. for the past several months.
It is confidently expected
that the Peers wil] throw out the bill.
In this event, with starving thousands
roaming Great Britain like homeless, wretched
animals, there will be a great political con
vulsion, if not an actual revolution, that will
change the old order of things.
If the budget goes and the reactionaries
rally their strength for this spectacular fight
for ancient privileges, the reactionaries in
turn will go. The Liberal leaders declare
that the issue is “whether or not the hered
itary chamber shall rule the country”. Or if
the Commons, representing the English mass
es, shall determine how the realm shall be
governed, taxes levied and applied.
Antonio Ferrara, head of the “Noblemen’s
Marriage Syndicate”, declares he has gone
out of the business of
Alas ! The Heiress
Hunters’ Syndicate
Is No More.
cuting vigorous seige
for the surrender of American heiresses. This
enterprising gentlemen feels that fate has not
dealt kindly with the honorable business in
which he engaged. While he furnished the
coin for impoverished adventurers to pay for
automobile rides, and flowers, and dinners, to
say nothing of board and washing until they
could land American fathers-in-law to take
care of them, not one of these worthy bene
ficiaries ever paid him a cent; and in many
instances lie sadly confesses tjiat, although
“the noblemen were paying attention to some
of the most prominent young women of this
country, for some unknown reason no mar
riages followed”.
The mind meanders along the paths of
logic, seeking for this “unknown reason”.
Can it be that there is yet sanity and common
sense and delicacy of feeling left in quantity
sufficient to save American heiresses from ti
tled debauchees and idiots? Is it yet possible
that these girls would rather be honored wives
in American circles, than snubbed nobodies
abroad? There is no accounting for the
moods of women, it would seem. Just when
the American heiress appeared to be an asset
raised up by an all-wise Providence for the
purpose of saving the darlings of foreign
courts from the tragedy of going to work for
a living, they evidently refuse to accept their
manifest destiny, and a nice little matrimo
nial bureau fails through feminine perversity.
We sorrow for Mr. Ferrara and his disap
pointed clientele, but alas, no way suggests
itself, short of bringing on international
complications, whereby this captiousness
might be abolished and the open door to
American money be maintained.
American residents in Chile have protested
that the action of the United States in refer-
The Alsop
Claims.
asked a prominent lawyer in
Washington to present their views to the gov
ernment. These claims grew out of an al
leged payment to one Chilean administration
of money for the purpose of obtaining enor
mously valuable concessions. War inter
vening, the administration was unable to
carry out the arrangement and the heirs of
the original exploiters are endeavoring to
push, with the aid of the United States Gov-
furnishing funds to
the scions of nobility
to be used in prose-
ence to the Alsop claims is arbi
trary, and detrimental to Amer
ican interests in Chile, and have
Gb* Jeffersonian
ermnent, this old claim and obtain indemnity.
Since we have acquired the habit of rushing
about to protect “capital” everywhere, and
browbeat little republics in favor of Ameri
can greed, it is not surprising that the Alsop
claim should be eagerly pressed. Apparent
ly, however, the insolence with which the
matter is being agitated does not meet with
favor among the very class one might natu
ral! v expect to approve American interfer
ence —the present American residents of
Chile. The Alsop claim has been dragging
for some twenty years, and apparently what
ever quasi-contract existed was not such an
one as should legitimately become a bone of
contention between two countries at This late
date. Os course, it would not, if England,
Germany, or dear little Japan—with its cun
ning “little brown men”—(such a precious
pet of a country is Japan!) were concerned,
but a South American republic is altogether
different.
Heriberto Barron, nominee of the popular
party for president of Mexico, has been com-
A Free
Country.
—only Pqrfirio Diaz happens to be the de
mocracy, just as he is everything else.
The cheering news that Colonel Goethals
has reported to the Secretary of War that the
cost of the Panama Canal will
The Cost be $125,000,000 more than as
Bounds Up. reported this time last year, is
one of those heartening items
upon which we have learned to rely. What
ever is done or left undone, the Panama Canal
is always with us, costing more. Whether
Goethals knows a steam shovel from a tea
spoon, he can always dig up incontrovertible
reasons for getting pay dirt out of the United
States Treasury. Not long ago, it meant
odium, execration and banishment from the
realm for any engineer to casually suggest
that the lock canal wasn’t the proper thing.
The able economists, bolstered up by the all
wisdom of one Theodore, hooted the sea-level
canal, and proved by solemn array of facts and
“figgers” that the original estimate of $247,-
021,000 for the sea-level route was wild ex
travagance. The estimate of the sea-level
canal has already been increased to $3?5,201,-
000 and the end is not yet. When it is com
pleted, if it is ever completed, the thing will
be an awkward channel, an artificial thing of
many complexities in construction and man
agement. whereas a sea-level canal would, at
its completion, be a true waterway, as inde
pendent as a river of earthquake or destruc
tive accident.
The Government is taking evidence in the
land office inquiry, at Seattle, into the va-
An Important
Case.
trict of Alaska. This is an
inquiry of the utmost importance, and devel
opments therein have so far gone to confirm
the charges made by Gifford Pinchot and to
prove that the boundless wealth of Alaska, all
of which should be held for the benefit of the
whole people, is dangerously near being lost
not only through design, but through laxity
and indifference.
Duckworth has not answer
ed THOSE QUESTIONS. THEY ARE
FAIR QUESTIONS. VITALLY IMPOR
TANT TO FARMERS' UNION. BOYS,
MAKE HIM ANSWER.
pelled to leave the country. This
is another evidence of the per
fect democracy which holds
sway in our neighbor republic (?)
lidity of the Cunningham
land claims, valued at $50,-
000,000, in the Katalla dis-
as They
Pending ultimate readjustment, the Detroit
United Railway agrees to pay to that city
Detroit’s
Opportunity.
pired. Detroit has a chance
to proceed in such manner that a renewal of
the valuable franchise need not be made until
terms fair to the city have been secured
from the street railway companies. Will she
take it?
Congressman Mann predicts a tariff war
with Canada over the injustice of the Payne-
Aldrich iniquity. He be-
Wood Pulp May
Be Scarcer '
and Higher.
wood pulp from Canada into the United
States, a thing that would seriously handi
cap the paper industries, and make the price
of print-paper so high that publishers would
have, in many instances, to suspend. There
is much likelihood of just such a situation, as
not only Canada, but France and other coun
tries are likely to take some measures on their
own behalf to bring the American people to
their senses upon the tariff question. It is a
poor tariff that can’t cut two ways.
Impure milk has caused the death of twen
ty orphan babes in the Myrtle Baby Home,
at East Providence, R. 1., the
Death in
the Feeding
Bottle.
tin al indigestion,” “general
weakness,” “acute meningitis,” “anemia,” etc..
Hungry, helpless creatures suckling poisonl
The particular brand of milk used bore the
usual label stating that it conformed to the
pure food and drug act.
Maybe it did conform, and maybe it did
not. Ordinarily, a baby thrives pretty well
for its first year on condensed milk, which is
generally regarded as wholesome, if the bet
ter brands be used. But the terrible death
rate in the Myrtle Home is due to feeding the
babes on deadly material, and the matter is
now being investigated. The purest milk be
comes a poison if it is not kept strictly sterile,
as toxin-producing bacteria simply swarm
in it if it is contaminated through any un
cleanly handling. Poor little, unloved waifs!
Somebody didn’t care whether they lived or
died, were comfortable, or suffered tortures
before release came in the form of death.
Ihe baby without a home, and the home
without a baby, remain the two saddest anom
alies of civilization.
Governor Patterson, of Tennessee, has just
pardoned twelve prisoners in the workhouse
A Wise
Governor.
X / X <7
er terrible diseases are constantly being con
tracted by the unfortunates confined in these
wretched pens. One man was serving sen
tence for “the crime of sleeping in a box-car’
and had lost his right arm through the loath
some conditions of the workhouse. What
Governor Patterson saw for himself no doubt
many another governor could see in his own
State, if he troubled to look. There is no
doubt but that thousands of unfortunates,
sentenced for trifling misdemeanors, lose their
health, and even their lives, by being thrown
into contact 'with infectious disease. The
sanitary conditions are execrable, and the
men in charge of these institutions are either
helpless to prevent, or reckless in their disre-
S3OO per day for the use of
its streets, upon which the
company’s franchise has ex-
lieves that our neighbor
on the North may retali
ate upon us, by forbid
ding the exportation of
deaths being variously stated
in the reports as “malnutri
tion,” “convulsions,” “intes-
at Memphis, and proposes to get
after the conditions there and
in other prisons of his State.
Consumption, paralysis and oth-