PAGE TWELVE
EX-PRESIDENT CLEVELAND’S
DEATH.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
when there was no necessity on earth for
it. Altogether, we consider this chapter
of National finance to have been one of
the most infamous wrongs ever perpe
trated upon a people by those who were
in charge of its government.
When our readers remember that Wall
Street made its wishes known to a Demo
cratic President in 1893 and got from him
what it wanted, by making use of J. P.
Morgan, the Republican; and when they
further remember that Wall Street made
its wishes known, and got what it wanted,
in 1907, by making use of the same J. P.
Morgan, they will be very blind indeed
if they do not see that Wall Street can
control both the old parties whenever it
gets ready to do so.
Roosevelt, the Republican, was not
more subservient the money kings than
Cleveland, the Democrat, had been.
H M
TYr. Taft On Government Owner
ship of 'Railroads.
The following we take from Van Nor
den’s Magazine:
“You are opposed to government own
ership?”
“I am, and for the following reasons,
as I have given them at another time
and place: First, because existing gov
ernment railways are not managed either
with the efficiencv or economy of pri
vately managed roads, and the rates
charged are not as low, and therefore
not as beneficial to the public. Second,
because it would involve an expenditure
of twelve billion dollars to acquire inter
state railways and the creation of an
enormous national debt. Third, because
it would place in the hands of a reckless
Executive a power of control over busi
ness and politics that the imagination
can hardly conceive and would expose
our popular institutions to danger.”
Mr. Taft’s first reason for opposing
Government ownership of railways, is
based unon a mistake as to the facts.
The Italian railroads, it is true, are badly
managed, but what is it in Italy that is
not badly managed? There is such a
mixture of Clericalism, Aristocracy, So
cialism. Democracy and Brigandage in
Italy that we are sometimes astonished
that stable government can maintain it
self at all. The King of Italy was
wheedled into the Triple Alliance by Bis
marck and the poor little, over-taxed,
priest-ridden country has been stagger
ing under an enormous load of militar
ism ever since. Mr. Taft would hardly
say that the German railways are not effi
cientlv and economicallv managed. He
certainly must know that they are models
of good management and that any ordi
narv man —belonging neither to the class
of noblemen, Americans or fools, who
ride first-class and pay 2 6 cents per
mile for the privilege—can ride at 1.71
per mile and enjoy every comfort which 1
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
we Americans get in our first-class pas
senger coaches. Besides this, the pas
senger on a German railway does not feel
that he is carrying his life in his hands.
He has no such fear of the horrible rail
wav accidents that we constantly carry
with us in traveling upon the American
railways. Most people of the poorer class
es are quite content to go in the third class
coach in Germany, and in this the price
paid is 1.14 cents per mile, rourth class
traveling is not purgatorial, and that can
be had at three-fourths of a cent per mile.
According to a table which appears in
the last week’s issue of “The Public,” 4he
average receipts per passenger mile in
1901 on German state railways, was as
follows:
Baden, one and one-sixth cents.
Bavaria, one and one-fifth cents,
Oldenburg and Saxony, about one cent.
Mecklenburg, one and a fourth cent.
Wurttemberg, about one cent.
Prussia, a fraction less than one cent.
When we remember that the railroads
of this country combat the efforts of the
various states of the Union to establish a
uniform two cent a mile passenger rate,
and contend that such a rate “confiscates”
their propertv, the statistics bearing upon
the German Railway situation make very
interesting reading. Mr. Taft ought to
employ some of his leisure moments in
posting himself.
Mr. Taft’s second reason is that the
purchase of our railroads by the Govern
ment would involve an expenditure of
$12,000,000,000. and the creation of an
enormous National debt. The Jefferson
ian is pleased to learn that Mr. Taft
“views with alarm” the creation of an
“enormous National debt.” It is exceed
inglv encouraging to find that he is pos
sessed of fears of that sort But, really,
is $12,000,000,000 a verv big sum for a
countrv which can sr>end a billion everv
year in running the government. ABOUT
HALF OF WHICH AMOUNT IS AB
SOLUTELY WASTED?
Whv should the Government run into
debt purchasing the railroad®? Did Mr.
Harriman buv his railroads w?h his own
monev? If so. where did he get it? Did.
anv of our railway kings purchase
railroads with their own money? Not
a single one of them. The public—the
great, patient, ignorant. unoro<yressive
public—was kind enough to furnish these
Captains of Industry with the monev
which thev bought the roads with, and
they taxed out of the people, in rates,
the monev which thev returned to the in
vestors! Whv could not Uncle Sam learn
something bv studying the methods of
Harriman, Morgan. Gould, J. J. Hill.
Thos. F. Rvan and August Belmont?
Whv can not the Government iust as
readily issue stocks and bonds for the
purchase of those railroads as private
financiers can? If the Government
should do this, the roads would pay for
themselves in K or 20 years, and then
they would belong to the Government*,
free from debt, and would be a vast and
’■* perpetual blessing to the people. As it
is, we allow the private owners to load
us down with bond issues that reach out
into the future for 20, 50 and even 100
years, thus deliberately allowing our
prosperity to be chained just as we have
been shackled. The Pacific railroads, for
instance, were built with public funds.
Not one dollar of private money went in
to their construction. On the contrary,
Stanford, Crocker, Huntington and Hop
kins not only paid in full for the con
struction of the roads with the donations
which thev got from the public, and from
the U. S. Government, but each of the
promoters came out with colossal private
fortunes, in addition to the ownership of
the roads. When Jay Gould’s manage
ment put the roads into the hands of a
receiver, the Government could
scooped it up with the debt which we
held against the property. Instead of
doing this, it acted with the utmost folly
and allowed Jacob Schiff to get the mag
nificent trans-continental systems out of
our hands for a song, and Mr. Harriman
is now proceeding to blanket them with
securities which are to run for 100 years.
Mr. Taft’s third reason is nothing short
of comical. He fears that “it would place
in the hands of a reckless Executive a
power of control over business and poli
tics that the imagination can hardlv con
ceive and would expose our popular in
stitutions to danger.” This is verv, very
droll. Is it not well known that five men
can get together in Wall Street, any day
in the vear and make a change in pas
senger and freight rates that will operate
as a tax upon the American people from
the Great Lakes to the Gulf, and from
the Atlantic to the Pacific? Is it not
known that they can arbitrarily levy a
tax of millions of dollars per month upon
the people of this countrv? Would it be
possible for the most reckless of execu
tives to do the people a greater harm
than Morgan. and other
panic-makers did them 1907 and 1893?
Do not these railroad kings exert, at the
present time, a power of control over our
representation that even now exposes our
popular institutions to danger? Isn’t it.
after all. a question of whether the gov
erning bodv shall control, or whether
private and irresponsible monev seekers
shall hold the mastery? The government,
after all, is but a huge corporation repre
senting all the people. It is vested with
the power of Government for the benefit
of all the people. Isn’t it, after all, a
question of whether the governing cor
poration shall do what it was organized
to do, or whether it will abdicate in favor
of lesser corporations that were not or
ganized for any such purpose?
M * *
Selfishness of Our Manufacturers.
From the very beginning of our Gov
ernment. the manufacturer has been a
beggar. He has constantly stood in front
of Uncle Sam, with his hat in his hand,
and the moan of the mendicant upon his
lips. Favor after favor has been granted
1
ra