PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
BUBLISBBD BY
THOS. B. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor! and Proprietor!
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga,
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - $1.09 PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Knttrtd at Ptsttfct, Atlanta, Ga., Jannarj 11, IQO7, at Mt mid
clan mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July g, igoß
Uncle 'Remus is Dead,
And so the pale messenger that never
tires, and never pities —the messenger
that called Sappho away from her songs
and Letitia Landon away from her grief;
the messenger who led Byron to where
he could sleep, and Keats to where no
Gifford could stab him again with -merci
less criticism; the messenger who piloted
Poe to “the misty dim regions of Weir,”
and to'desolate Burns brought the sealed
orders under which he sailed into the
Unknown Seas —has knocked upon the
door of Uncle Remus, has reached upon
her inexorable roll-call the name of Joel
Chandler Harris, has come to guide into
that radiant Hereafter —of which Hope is
the creator and Faith the defender —a
spirit which will need no purification to
fit it for the companionship of the good.
*
It was long, long ago. I was a penni
less teacher, and every evening after
school was dismissed I would trudge back
to where I boarded —along the path
which snaked its way through the wire-
underneath the moaning pines—
and pick up the Savannah Morning
News. Invariably, upon reaching the
column of short paragraphs, there was
something to laugh over. And then the
friend with whom I boarded would ask,
“What's the matter with you?” After
Mr. Gross’ question, the reading of the
paragraph would be in order. Perhaps
it was a reference to Tump Ponder’s roan
mule, whose harness had to be put on
with a poplar pole—a new pole being
needed every day; perhaps it would be a
dig at the Atlanta politicians —those per
ennially amusing cusses—but, whatever
the subject, there was humor in the para
graphic comment, just as there now is in
that wonderfully fine work done by Ot
tinger in The Washington Post.
Mr. Gross happened to know about the
authorship of these paragraphs of the
Savannah Morning News. “Joe Harris
writes ’em,” he explained. “The printers
says they can tell when he is at it, for
they can hear him laugh while he is at
work.”
“Laugh and the world laughs with
vou,” sings our glorious sister, Ella
Wheeler Wilcox, and the -words are true;
but she missed it when she added, “Weep,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and you weep alone. No, oh, no! NO!
The golden chain which links heart to
heart, soul to soul, streches all the way '
from the springs of laughter to the foun
tain of tears. Where Dickens laughed,
you laugh! Where the tears blotted the
page upon which he wrote, yours blur
the page where you read. Is it not al
ways so?
What a horrible world it would be,
were there no good Samaritans, no sun
crowned men who will stoop to lift the
weakling from the dust, no large-souled
woman to forget all the faults of Mar
mion and cushion his dying head on her
bosom!
Environed sordidly, we grow sordid be
fore we know it. It is the radiant flower
that paints the glories of the butterfly’s
W|K. • .*■■■ 1 -
>.>x; /
O'-’ i
■■■<
iMKi Ww’
JOEL CHANDLER HARRIS.
wing. The vulture is filthy, for l.is food is
filth. Oh, how we are shaken, roused,
lifted to the heights where the sunlight
loves to rest, when some great event
strikes us, when some inspiring word
hails all the diviner .spirits which were
slumbering within us, waking them to
life again! Then, and then only, we
throw off the spell of the sordid surround
ings, and enter that higher world where
all nobler souls understand each other;
honor each other, love one another, laugh
in common joy, weep in common grief.
Joe Harris was just a name to me all
the while that I lived and taught in the
wire-grass section, near Savannah; but
when, in 1880, I was sent as a delegate
to the Colquitt Convention, he was the
one man in Atlanta that I wanted to see.
For by that time he had gone from the
Savannah News to the Atlanta Consti
tution, and I had been “reading after
him” with an interest that never flagged.
“Every once in a while,” there came into
the columns of the editorial page a brief
sketch so different from all the rest of
it—-so dainty in finish, so tender ill senti
ment —that 1 would read it again and
again, knowing instinctively that it was
Joe Harris who penned it. Thirty years
ago I—a long road, reaching back and los
ing itself in many obscurities; blit yet
I see vividly the little printing office in
Putnam County—the little office that
stood amid the big trees of the native
forest; the little office where the squir-
rels played upon the roof, with no fear of
being killed; the little office from which
Toe Harris’ friend “went to the war.”
Then I see, again and very plainly, a
country editor sitting at his desk, with an
“exchange” in his hand, and he is shaken
with sobs —his eyes overflowing with
tears. It is Joe Harris, and he has just
“seen it in the paper" that his friend has
been killed in battle.
So, when I went up to the gubernato
rial convention to take my first look at
the outer world, I, the shyest of men,
wanted to see what Joe Harris looked
Jftce —for I had been told that he, also,
syas shy.
_ Well, I saw him. snd the sight of him