PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Austrian Liner Sinks.
The Austrian .Lloyd steamer Galatea collid
ed with the mote at Sebenic, about seventy
miles from Trieste. She was badly broken
below the water line and sank. The crew
was saved.
Election Riots in Portugal.
Starting with a dispute over the counting
of Hie votes in one section of Lisbon at the
end of the parliamentary elections last Sun
day, crowds of Republicans made forcible re
sistance to the arbitrary ruling of the govern
ment election officers and fierce rioting en
sued which was checked only when the troops
fired into the mob, killing at least seven per
sons and wounding a hundred. Demonstra
tions continued, however, for several days,
and hundreds of citizens were arrested. Mar
tial law was used throughout the city, which
looked like an armed camp. The result of the
voting was an overwhelming victory 7 for the
Monarchists, according to the face of the re
turns. The Republicans gained only five seats,
while the Regenerators head the list with 62
seats, and the Progressists come second with
59 seats. The suffrage is limited to those
who can read or write or who pay certain
direct taxes. This excludes 80 per cent of the
people.
Kaiser Gives a Toast.
Emperor William, during the course of a
luncheon given in honor of the officers of the
British battleship Implacable, made the fol
lowing toast: “I drink to our two flags, and
wish that they may ever be united in the
welfare of the world’s peace.”
American Schooner Sinks.
The American schooner H. E. Thompson,
bound from Baltimore, March 25, for Port
Royal, Jamaica, has been wrecked. Captain
Hardy, his wife and child and crew, were
saved. The Thompson sank after striking a
reef.
Gomez Again Elected.
Dr. Dominador Gomez, the anti-American
agitator, who was recently expelled from the
Phillipine assembly by the close vote of 40
to 35, now has been re-elected from the First
Manila district.
Taft Wants a Big Army.
In his Columbus speech Secretary Taft came
out squarely in favor of a larger standing
army of the militia. While he thought there
was no prospect for another civil war he
pointed out that a well organized militia would
be most necessary “should the forces of an
archy, socialism and revolt against organized
government manifest themselves.” He fur
ther predicted that within a decade, “we
shall have a regular army and citizen soldiery
sufficient to put into the field 250,000 men.”
Mrs. Sam Jones Resigns.
A meeting of the Cartersville Woman’s
Christian Temperance Union April 15, for the
purpose of passing resolutions endorsing
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Governor Hoke Smith’s candidacy, and de
nouncing Joe Brown, developed a number of
sensational incidents, and finally adjourned
with no action taken.
President of the Cartersville Union Mrs.
Sam P. Jones vacated the chair, and offered
her resignation, to take effect when the reso
lution indorsing Hoke Smith was adopted.
Mrs. Jones made an impassioned speech, in
which she declared that she could not indorse
Hoke Smith, in view of his statement regard
ing wine and beer, as reported by the Asso
ciated Press. “1 am as good a prohibitionist
as any of you but I cannot wear this little
white ribbon, which means total prohibition,
and go on record as indorsing Hoke Smith.
I offer my resignation. ”
The resolution was adopted by the union
by a vote of 6 to 5, but after Mrs. Jones’
resignation, this action was rescinded, and the
motion tabled, and Mrs. Jones was prevailed
upon to again take the chair.
Watson and Bryan.
Mr. Tom Watson, present chieftain of the
Populist party, finds much to rebuke in the
politics of Mr. W. J. Bryan, ex-chieftain of
the Populist party. Mr. Watson and Mr.
Bryan came on the national carpet simultane
ously —December, 1891. They were members
of the Fifty-second Congress and took promin
ent part in its debates. If Bryan was the
more voiceful, Watson was the more forceful.
All the lawyers in Philadelphia could not
have discovered any elash in their preach
ments so far as related to what they were
pleased to call their “principles.”
They entered upon the race of political
life abreast. In 1892 Watson was retired;
but Bryan was returned to Congress, only to
be summarily defeated in 1894. But in 1896
Mr. Bryan sprang to the front, the idol of
the party whose badge he wore, and the
master of the party whose badge Mr. Watson
wore. Now Mr. Watson is not very strong
in the opinion that Mr. Bryan is a greater man
than himself, and if he thought that the
Pop ticket of 1896 was a kangaroo affair
he is excusable, for he is a gentleman of a
fair share of self-esteem, though we do not
mean to charge him with vanity, other than
of the pardonable quantum, for that same
Tom Watson is a very able man and a very
forceful character. Had he not left the Demo
cratic party Mr. Watson would have occupied
a larger space in politics; but that might
have proven a serious loss to letters.—The
Washington, I). C., Post.
Washington Dailies and the Georgia Campaign.
Although Congress is in session the papers
'at the national capital have time to note the
Georgia, campaign.
The Washington Herald says:
“Mr Hoke Smith somewhat violently re
moved Mr. Joseph M. Brown from office down
in Crackerland last fall, and now Mr. Brown
seems grimly determined to return the
compliment. ”
And again, “Down in Georgia the partisans
of Mr. Hoke Smith refer rather contemptu
ously to his opponent for the governorship
as ‘Little Joe’ Brown. From what we hear,
he may be ‘little,’ but he mus the ‘loud’
along with it.”
As for the Washington Post, it devotes
liberal space to Governor Smith’s experience
at Marietta. With a levity’ which could only
be afforded by those living outside the state,
the Post says:
“No more poignantly painful news has
come up from the South for many a day than
that which tells of the bombardment of the
Hon. Hoke Smith, governor of Georgia, by’ a
crowd at Marietta, the missiles being lemons.
The dispatch is plain. It cannot be misunder
stood :
“ ‘ Bombarded with lemons and hooted by’ a
crowd who added to their noises with cow
bells, Gov. Hoke Smith was prevented from
speaking here in support of his candidacy for
a second term.’
“What a conjunction of grief is here, my
countrymen! Here is the governor; here is a
crowd of Georgians; here is a speech to be
delivered on a subject of paramount im
portance to the governor, to Georgia, and to
the world. And the welcome is the lemon of
contumely and the cow bells of confusion!
“The crowd is said to have been composed
of persons who do not look upon Gov. Hoke’s
candidacy 7 with approval. In view of .the
bombardment and the tumult, this statement
is probably 7 correct. The crowd, in fact,
favored another for governor—another and
necessarily a more obscure candidate. At this
distance it is impossible to understand why
a Georgia crowd should prefer another to
Hoke Smith, especially one who had been
branded by 7 Hoke Smith himself as a. friend
of the railroads; but crowds are psycholog
ical monstrosities.
“Hoke Smith retreated from the ambush of
lemons, with his speech struggling within him.
But he will come again! The populace of
Marietta, need not flatter itself that it can
prevent Hoke Smith from telling why Hoke
Smith should remain governor of Georgia.
As Alexander on Bucephalus, as Ruy Diaz on
Babieca, so the mighty railroad-queller of
Georgia will ride forth on Possumfat, his
shield spurning the hail of lemons and his
speech rising l above the clamor of envious
cow bells. Georgia will hear the reasons why
Hoke Smith should be re-elected, and it will
hear them from the lips of Hoke Smith, and
it will thrill as of yore to the cry 7 of its
champion.
“Nor lemons, nor cow bells, nor the fiendish
plots of the railroads can keep a good man
from his own. By this time the crowd of
Marietta sees what a blunder it made when
it stifled the speech in Hoke Smith’s boiling
breast. For that speech will come back to
plague and overwhelm them, as surely as
Vesuvius lifts has lid.”