language of ? n °ther, until he had first
t 1 , ei ? 11111 inquire whether he meant
what he seemed to say. An editor has the
° assume that a man who takes the
trouble and the time to prepare a three-page
‘ r z ' lc 7 e 011 a public question, uses language
flitch expresses his meaning. But, of course,
it my friend Brooks says he didn’t mean what
is language appears to mean, why, that’s all
right; and we will let down the bars and wel
come him right back into the field of our
good will. I have no desire to misrepresent
anybody, and I am always willing—more
an willing—to help any one who has made
a stumble to get straight again, and to stay
straight thenceforth.
Brother Brooks had allowed those
bhip Subsidy fellows to hoodwink him so
completely that he actually made the point
that we. were at the mercy of Japan during
cruise °f the battle-fleet. Duckworth tod
1k right along after Brooks, and. repeated
the same silly, puerile, childish argument in
favor of allowing a few greedy rascals, own
ing steamers, to put their hands in the pock
ets of the American people and transfer hard
earned dollars from the common Treasury into
the private business of these ship-owning cor
porations. Poor old Japan has about one
fourth the Merchant Marine which we could
requisition in case of war; and she couldn’t
fire a single gun at us without having China
and' Russia jump on her immediately and
trample the life out of her. Crushed by the
overload of taxation, growing out of the Rus
sian M ar, that poor little old near-nation is
reducing her expenses and lessening the num
ber of her battleships.
I notice that Neill and McCrae, hirelings of
the lowa Republican, say: “Z# is common
knowledge that poor old Tom Watson, who
at one time was loved and respected by mil
lions of men, has fallen from his high pedes
tal, etc. Mell, that’s one way of looking at
it If it affords any pleasure to Messrs. Neill
and McCrae to indulge in senile, idiotic drivel
of that sort, it is all right with me. It is a
notorious fact that McCrae Avent over to
Hearst in his campaign of last year, when
Hearst, as everybody knows, was the ally of
the Republicans, just as he now is. As 1
didn’t go along with Taylor, when Taylor
went to Hearst, of course, I am the man that
fell from grace, and lost out with the Ameri
can people. The proof of the pudding being
the chewing of the bag, I will make Taylor a
proposition: Publish your subscription list
jot the last four weeks, and I wilt publish
mine. Set up a column headed, “Off”, and
another headed, “On”; and print a sworn
statement of how many of your subscribers
went off during the last four weeks, and how
many came on, by renewal or by original sub
scription. *1 he fact is, that The Jefferson
ians—weekly and monthly— have never
gained, so rapidly, as during the period which
earned me- the ill-will of these two Texas gen
tlemen, WHO ARE SITTING AT THE
FEET OF AN IOWA REPUBLICAN
AND CHEERFULLY DOING HIS DIR
TY WORK FOR HIM.
Farm Products Held for Sale
Should be Exempt from
Taxation
At the last session of the Georgia Assem
bly, the Honorable M. L. Johnson, of Bar
tow County, offered an amendment to the
Constitution of the State, exempting farm
products, under certain conditions, from tax
ation. Such a law as this ought to be on the
books of every State and Territory of this
Union. It would not be class legislation to
make the products of the farm, which are
held for sale according to the regular custom
of the country, exempt from taxation. On
the contrary, the laws which tax those prod-
G>be
ucts discriminate against the farmer, in favor
of other producers. Does the manufacturer
who loads a car with cloth intended for ship
ment to China, or Japan, have to pay State,
County or Town taxes upon it? He does not.
Does the coal-mine operator loading a car
with coal to ship into the markets have to
pay taxes upon it? Not at all. Does the
Steel Trust, shipping a cargo of rails to Rus
sia, or to South America, or to the Orient,
have to pay taxes upon it? You know very
well that it does not.
N 0 other producer on the American conti
nent, excepting the poor, oppressed and tax
cursed agriculturist has to pay a tax upon the
goods that he produces for the market. With
the single exception of the Whisky Trust,
(which gets a protection from the Govern
ment ’which is worth immensely more than
the tax which it pays,) no producer pays
tribute upon his products as he carries them
into the markets of the world.
See how unjustly the system works, and
how it makes the farmer play into the hands
of the spinners who desire cheap cotton. If
the grower rushes bale after bale to the
depot, and sells the cotton, or ships it for sale,
then he pays no tax upon it; but if he doesn’t
feel that he ought to part with his property
for less than it cost him to bring it forth
from the ground, he is made to pay a heavy
penalty for holding that cotton until he can
get what he knows it to be worth. Those
farmers who dump the millions of bales upon
the market in September, October, November
and December do not have to pay taxes upon
it; but those who hold over, say to the spring
months, are caught for State and County
taxes, and if they live in the towns, they are
actually taxed for that cotton, although it
may be a hundred miles away from the town
in which the owner lives.
See what an advantage the spinners have
oyer the growers. The State has never got a
single dollar, so far as I know, from the.
products of a single cotton-mill within her
borders, jet the men whose toil, or whose
investment and management, produce the raw
cotton, have either to pay a penalty for hold
ing it for a fair price, or to sell it out in such
away that the spinner is almost certain to get
it at pretty much his own figures.
I sincerely trust that the agricultural press.
- the farm papers—will take this matter up
in a resolute way, and insist upon it that the
Legislature adopt legislation which will give
the farmers a square deal.
■
Mr. Outler and His Open Letter:
Ireland and Free Trade
A friend is kind enough to send me a clip
ping from the Dublin Courier-Dispatch
which contains an open letter addressed to me
by Mr. J. M. Outler.
This is the gentleman who contends that
the election of Taft was the cause of the ad
vance in the price of cotton. In combatting
his original statement to that effect, our read
ers will remember that a mass of facts and
figures were produced to prove that the elec
tions of candidates to office have no influence
whatsoever over the market prices of com
modities. It was shown that the price of cot
ton was generally higher before the Civil
War, under Democratic Presidents and low
tariffs, than has been since the Republicans
secured control of the Government.
After the passage of the “Tariff of Abomi
nations”, of 1828, cotton immediately fell
from 13 cents to 11 cents. When the “Tariff
of Abominations” was displaced by the Clay-
Calhoun compromise, which reduced the tariff
horizontally until it was to lose the protective
feature entirely, cotton immediately advanced
to 17 cents, from which it went to 20 cents.
These prices held good during 1835 and 1836.
Thereafter, the protectionists again monkeyed
with the tariff, and cotton went down to 8
cents under the advancing tariff. Under the
free trade” tariff of 1846, cotton went to 12
cents.
Under the Walker Tariff Act, of 1848,
perhaps the best tariff law we ever had—cot
ton immediately went from 8 to 11 cents, and
from that price on up to 14 cents! and it never
did fall below 10 cents any more until after
the Republicans got charge of the Govern
ment, narrowed the markets of the world with
their monopolistic tariffs, and thus lowered
the demand for raw cotton, causing the price
to come. down where it has remained ever
since, with the exception of those years when
a phenomenal short crop is made, or when the
speculators raise the price after the farmers
have parted, with their crop
“Before the War”, and under Democratic
hands riffS ’ n ° P roblem on our
Mr. Outler will find this identical state
ment made m the most recent of all our his
tones of the United States, to wit: Elson’s
kffV'? th ! s histori an, whose book was
published by the Macmillan Company in
1904, says: “There were few rich men, and
no poverty.-'’ Such statesmen as Clay,
Mebster, Calhoun and Legare all bear testi
mony to the fact that we had no poor. To the
same effect testified Charles Dickens, who
came over here during that era of prosperity,
ano who wrote back the well-known letter
1 rom Boston m which he said, “A fluming
sword suspended, from, the skies would attract
less attention a beggar on the streets.”
Mr. Outler (whom it is difficult to take se
riously’.) contends that the reason why cotton
went down when Mr. Roosevelt was elected
was that the country had no confidence in
Theodore. Well, how does he explain, then,
why cotton went to 17 cents, under this same
lath Nor has Mr. Outler explained why it
was that there were so many failures and such
a landslide in prices, after the Civil War.
when the Government was burning up our pa
per currency by the hundreds of millions of
dollars. 1
As the purchasing power of money-was sev
eral times greater “before the War” than at
the present time, the farmer who sold his cot
ton at 15 cents a pound got as much in ex
change for it, as he would now get, if the price,
were 45 cents per pound.
Mr Outler harps upon Ireland, and at
tributes her backward condition to free trade.
Inasmuch as Scotland and England are in the
sanae boat as Ireland, in this matter of free
trade, how can Mr. Outler’s theory account
tor the undeniable fact that both England
and Scotland have gone rapidly forward, ever
since Sir Robert Peel went over to the free -
(continued on page twelve)
How The Appeal Wriggles Out
of Answering
Dear Mr. Watson:—l sent to the Appeal te
Reason your challenge, with a request to please
answer in some way, as I was anxious to know
where they stood.
I send you here inclosed answer to my request.
I send it that you may see with what contempt
they treated both you and myself. lam
.„ Ve 7 truly ’ C - M - WHITB.
Collinsville, Ala., Route 4.
Girard, Kansas, Nov. 30 190®
C. M. White,
Collinsville, Ala., R. R. No. 4.
Dear Comrade:—This is buncombe. Suppose
some one should call on Watson to declare that
he was not a murderer, would he respond to the
silly request? Self-respect requires that such as
he be ignored. There is nothing to it.
Yours fraternally, APPEAL TO REASON.
C. L. Phier.
Precisely! The cowards and hypocrites
dare not accept my challenge. KEEP AFTER
THEM, BOYS,' KEEP AFTER THEM—-
the miserable liars and frauds! T. E. W.
PAGE NINE