PAGE FOURTEEN
THERE WAS A FOOL.
(Continued From Page Five.)
words have done me. I hate old
Banks, an’ when I heard that he was
in love with you it made my blood
bile.”
<i! 'Who said he was in love with
me?” she asked.
Oh, it’s talked all around! I would
like to ketch the old wretch here. ’ ’
“Wall, now, as to that, brother
Bill-Dick, I’m free, white an’ twenty
one, an’ I’m the person to say who
shall come to see me, I reckon.”
‘ ‘ He shaint come on the place, I tell
you. ’ ’
“Wall, now, brother Bill-Dick, this
place is as much mine as it is yourn,
an’ I’ve got some say-so.”
“Es I ketch him here I’ll shoot
him!” Bill-Dick exclaimed. She
jumped up from the table and slam
med the door as she went out.
After dinner Bill-Dick went over to
see old Banks. “Now, old man,” said
he, “you’ve got to work this thing
sly. You must slip over when I ain’t
thar, an’ git out when you see me
comin ’. Airter while you an ’ her kin
slip off an’ git married. How does
that fit you?”
“Like a suit of corduroy!” the old
man joyously exclaimed.
“Now, I reckon I ken see Anthry,
kain’t I?”
‘ “Not now, Billie. Wait till I am
married. Don’t act foolish,” he con
tinued, noticing the frown on Bill-
Dick’s face. “Recolleck that I won
nearly ha’f a beef when I went to
the last shootin’-match. ”
“Wall, then, old feller, you’d bet
ter commence to cut your capers right
at once. Tildy might be skittish at
fust, but ’pear to be skeered of me,
an’ she’ll be your friend.”
That afternoon the old man went
over to see Miss Tildy. “What do
you want here?” she demanded, when
he appeared at the gate.
“Oh, nothin’ in particular! My
star's, you’ve got the puttiest chance
of flowers I ever seen. Who takes
kere of them?”
“I do.”
“You are monstrous smart. You
sartinly don’t work in the sun with
them putty —excuse me —han’s of
yourn. ’ ’
“Say, Mr. Banks, brother Bill-Dick
don’t want you to come here.”
“So I’ve beam, but it rests with
you. Yander he comes now, an’ I
reckon I’d better mosey. Mout I
come over some time?”
“You mout,” she replied.
Bill-Dick pretended to be furious.
“I seen the old scoundrel,” he an
grily declared, “an’ I wush he’d a
waited till I got here. B’liev© I’ll
take my gun an’ go over an’ shoot
him.”
“You’ll not do no sich of a thing.
It’s none of your business if he does
come here, fur he ain’t a-pinchin’
you, I reckon.”
“But great Lawd, Tildy, you ain’t
thinkin’ of marryin’ of him, I hope.
I don’t kere,” Bill-Dick continued,
“If his uncle did die last week an’
leave him a lot of money; I don’t
want to mix with him as a brother
in-law.”
“But you’d like mighty well to
mix with him as a son-in-law,”
Miss Tildy replied with a sharp
snap.
“No, I wouldn’t, no such a thing.
I did go to see his girl for a while,
but she’s too common for me.”
“Bill-Dick, you neenter think
that a suit of corduroy clothes is
ever’thing in the world that a per
son could wish fur. The governor
of Arkansaw, I don’t ’low, has got
a stitch of curduroy. ”
“A good many folks think so, or
they wouldn’t vote for him,” Bill-
Dick responded. “But that ain’t
nuthin’ here nur thar, Tildy. Pap
alius ’lowed that thar was a fool
summers in the fam’ly, an’ now my
advice to you is not to let it turn
out to be you. I’ve put a fresh load
of buckshot in my gun, an’ es I
ketch old Step-an’-Fetchet here
again thar’ll be a hide summers on
RENEW! RENEW!
Send one dollar for the Weekly, or
two dollars for both Jeffersonians
(Weekly and Magazine), and get Up
to-Date Fanning for one year and fif
ty domestic and foreign post cards
FREE.
Are You Tired of Doctors?
Try Vitae-Ore and see what it will do for
you. It has cured hundreds of people that
the doctors could not help. You can get a
package simply by writing for it. Read
the advertisement on last page.
A WTC Do you know that this
JR valuable nut - bearing
. , , , tree is unsurpassed—
not only as a shade tree, but as a money-maker?
Profitable to grow for home or for market. For
particulars, write to
J. B. WIGHT, Cairo, Ga.
POULTRY.
Make Your Hens Lay More Eggs
I have found a method that will
rq-f make hens lay every day the year
I ’ll' roun f l a » hi spring. A simple, inex-
Pensive means is used which never
fails. A trial will convince you.
Write for it today. Enclose stamp.
N. L. WEBB,I-4, Lamaico, Texas.
PECAN
TDETC BEST VARIETIES.
1 rvH/U/O. SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
BEAR’S NURSERIES, PALATKA, FLA.
A HANDSOME FAIR OF
DON’T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide
spectacle-wearers in the next few
weeks —on condition that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere.
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 318 St. Louis, Mo.
NOTEThe above is thd largest Mail Order Spectacle
House in the world, and perfectly reliable.
’Sfcffersonlan
lurmr.u uiranurnv STANDARD MACHINER-Y
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
vvnirniv i Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 south FORSYTH STRRFT Saws, pum P - Engines, Boiler*. Gasoline En-
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET gf nei . Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. n GEORGIA catalog. sell everything in Machinery andl
»
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three geaerations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency In all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thos. H. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
"This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June SO, 1006.
WATERLOO
41
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
B
Useful Gifts for the Holidays
ATTRACTIVELY PACKED IN HANDSOME SINGLE PAIR BOXES
'Th*? c° nt *' n more and better rubber than any other make, have cold
gilt non-rusting metal parts and strong cord ends that cannot wear
through. The new back free action permits ease and comfort no
matter what position the body may assume. yWkgßWWft '
jMHMMMF They outwear three ordinary kinds, which meant
JraraSmS three times the service of usual 50 cent sorts.
The Most Comfortable Suspender Made for Man, Youth or Boy gy ' 41- y : W
In Licht, Heavy or Extra Heavy Weights, Extra Long (No Extra Cost) I
1 They make inexpensive gifts ever? man, youth or boy will gladly receive ■ V
I HR WKS & POTTKR, Dept, jjm 87 Lincoln St., Boston, Mass. I
■ Our useful Buu. Doo Sosraunaß Comb anoCamt mailed for 10c. postage. Instructive ■
I booklet, ‘ ‘Style, or Howto Dress Correctly," free if you mention thia publication [
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia