PAGE FOURTEEN
ANNOUNCEMENT FOR STATE
TREASURER.
I am a candidate for Treasurer of this
state subject to the primary June 4. My long
service in this department of the state govern
ment as Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer,
covering a period of twenty years, is well
known to the people of Georgia. It was satis
factory, without censure or complaint from
any source. My candidacy is based upon it.
In soliciting the support of my fellow citi
zens, I promise that if this office is again
placed in my charge it will be conducted as it
was before to your entire satisfaction.
Very respectfully,
WM. J. SPEER.
Note —Mr. Speer was born and raised in
Troup county, Georgia. He served as assist
ant in tbe State Treasury from 1880 until
1896, when he became Treasurer, on the death
of Colonel R. U. Hardeman, and served as
Treasurer for four years. On the expiration
of his second term, Mr. Speer retired, and
did not offer for re-electionj on account of
ill-health. A very important fact is that Mr.
Speer’s health has been entirely restored, and
he is now in his prime, mentally and physi
cally.
FREE SPEECH AND THE CATHOLIC
CHURCH.
The Catholic publication, The New World,
criticizes those citizens of Chicago who wish
to give the anarchist lecturer and editor, Em
ma Goldman, an opportunity to express her
views without police interference, in accord
ance with the present laws of the State of
Illinois. The New World, we learn, is for
free speech as it is for liberty; and it stands
for liberty when it does not degenerate into
what the editor terms “shameless license.”
It is apparent from the following paper
graph how much free speech this church paper
would consider to fall upon the proper side
of license:
“Now, who is Emma Goldman? Is it not
a fact that publicly and privately she stands
for atheism? Is it not true that she advo
cates free love? Is it not undeniable that
openly and boldly she preaches the destruc
tion of existing social order?”
It would scarcely occur to the advocate of
limited “free speech,” that Emma Goldman
might retaliate in this wise—even unto de
manding the suppression of The New World:
“Now, who is Editor O’Malley? Is it not
Fortunes in Fig Orchards
Texas Figs are the World’s Fair Winners
The famous Fig Preserves made at Aldine, near Houston, are the finest and best known in the world. One important thing which must
not be overlooked is, that the fig orchards here never fail to produce large, profitable crops. One Acre Set in Figs and One Town Lot,
Both for $230, payable 10 dollars per month without interest, no payment when sick, clear warranty deed in case of death. Local cash mar
ket for fruit. Single crop pays for land and lot. Money back in 8 years with annual income for life. Better than banks, bonds or life
insurance. If you want to enjoy life in South Texas under your own “vine and fig tree,” or make a small, safe, profitable investment, write
for particular. AGENTS WANTED.
E. C. ROBERTSON, General Sales Manager, 316 Klam Bldg., BOUSTON, TEX.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
a fact that publicly and privately he stands
for Catholicism? Is it not true that he ad
vocates a system which offers up young girls
as perpetual sacrifices to the most vicious men
if the innocents have once made the mistake
of marrying debauchees? Does not his
church attempt to override our laws by de
creeing that marriages between Catholics are
not valid unless performed by a designated
priest (price some S2O, I believe)?”
As to the preaching of the doctrine that the
present social order should give way to that
which she believes to be a better one, so long
as violent measures are not advocated —and
quotations from the addresses and writings
of Miss Goldman are not forthcoming to show
that she does advise violence —she has as
good a right to urge such a change as has
a Democrat or a liberal Republican to work
for alterations in the tariff schedule.
This view of the case, however, would
never occur to the Catholic editor, who, true
to the history of his church, believes that
“free speech” should mean the liberty to
teach what he considers right; and that any
thing beyond this point should be suppressed
by putting on the Index, by exile, or by burn
ing in the public square. The only trouble
with this doctrine is, of course, that it some
times causes the trouble of canonizing Joan
of Arc, or others of the unorthodox, some
four or five hundred years after we have
made martyrs of them at the stake. That is
a short period of time, however, for a body
that has eternitv at its disposal. We may
hope that the Joans realize this, and are not
too impatient in the matter.
“If the study of anarchy has such horrible
effects upon its students,” (as to cause them
to commit murders), says The New World,
“obviously it ought to be prohibited by law.”
To which it might be added that something
has produced the undesirable effect of tyrants
on the one hand, and starved and ignorant
members of society on the other —a combina
tion which does lead to murder and to suicide.
One wonders whether the church, with its
“Slaves, obey your masters in all things,”
has contributed in any degree to this result?
If so, does Editor O ’Malley think it ought to
be “prohibited by law?”
L. D. HARDING.
SEED G-HUFAS—BO Cents Per Peck.
JAMES O. MATTHEWS,
Ingold, N. C.
BOY* |
—.W.. —7.
20 COMIC POST CARDS, 10c.
Screamingly funny, right up to the minute.
Different than any you ever saw—two colors,
well printed cards —they’ll make you laugh
until your sides split. Sent prepaid, 20 for 10c.;
50 for 20c.; 100 for 350.
Extra Special Offer.
Free Post Card Album. Cloth covers, print
ed in red and gold ink. We will give one of
these beautiful Albums together with 100 cards,
all for 50c. Please send money order, but if
you send stamps, send one-cent ones. The
above offers are the best ever, for good cards,
while you can not but be surprised and delight
ed with the Post Card ALBUM which is a
beauty. Address:
CLIFTON PUBLISHING GO.,
Dept 37, I
Waterville, Maine.
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns will" be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing eke for sale. For rates
and information, address
FARMERS HOME JOURNAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,