PAGE TWELVE
As Easter Bells Chimed in Mont
gomery, Alabama
(concluded from page one)
poor house, and the request was at once granted.
Viney secured two negro men to drive Mrs. Gates
to the poor house, and lifting her on the vehicle,
they drove off, the white woman lying on a mat
tress in the vehicle and the negro men seated in
front of her.
“The negroes knew nothing of her condition
except that she was ill. After driving a few
blocks through the city one looked back and saw
the sick woman’s face bathed in perspiration, her
lips blue and her eyes glassy. Before the wagon
came to a standstill, and as the bells of the
churches were ringing out their summons to Eas
ter service, Mrs. Gates died.”
No ambulance! Nobody in authority who
will pay any attention to the negro woman
when she pleads for help for a destitute, for
lorn, suffering white woman I
And it lasts a whole month! Thirty days
of Inhumanity I Thirty days of neglected
poverty and disease. Thirty days of ever
lasting shame to those unnatural monsters,
the white men, who were callous and stolid
while the good-hearted black woman was
pleading with them to do their duty.
And this frigid indifference to human mis
ery happened, not in New York or Boston,
but in Montgomery, Alabama.
IT IS A DISGRACE TO THE SOUTH.
Will there be no indignation meeting in
Montgomery? Will there be no investigation
by the Grand Jury? Will nobody be given
a joy-ride on a rail, or a coat of tar and
feathers? Will those pitiless office-holders
not be lashed out of their positions by the
whip of public scorn?
No ambulance in the capital city of Ala
bama!
How many months ago was it, when Dr.
Bradley got in a few minutes, ten thousand,
dollars, in Alabama, to pay for a hospital
and its equipment? It was last summer. And
where did the SIO,OOO go? To China!
Why of course ! If you'll just yell “China'’,
a few times, in the meeting-house, or in a
Laymen’s Convention, you can jar loose as
many thousands as you think it decent to
ask for.
Only last week. Birmingham, Alabama,
subscribed $30,000 for Foreign Missions.
And in The MOman's Missionary Advocate,
March, 1910, appears an editorial under this
headline:
“CHINA WANTS MORE WOMEN DOCTORS
AND NURSES.”
This insane editorial commences:
“When we rememebr that of the 400,000,000
people of China one-half are women and girls,
just as liable to sickness as their sisters any
where,” etc.
It concludes with this astounding statement
—astounding because of what it coolly as
sumes that we must do in China:
“Unnumbered’ millions of Chinese women still
need medical attention.”
Which, of course, it is our religious duty to
furnish.
Bad as the Montgomery case was, there are
thousands of others that are no better.
With one New Jersey city sending $17,000
annually to Rome as Peter's Pence offering,
and one of the cities of Alabama contributing
$30,000 to Foreign Missions, can’t you see
that home conditions will grow worse and
worse ?
With Pappy bleeding us, and the mission
cranks bleeding us—all the money going out
and none flowing in—how are we to disciplin
ize, educate, and support all of our own peo
ple?
And when you reflect that the tide of for
eign immigration is rising higher and higher,
your misgivings as to our future will not be
lessened.
Obe Jeffersonian
How the Democrats in Congress
Threw Away a Fine Opportu
nity, and a Live Issue
Congressman Brantley, of Georgia, is said
to be an able man. Doubtless he is. Unfor
tunately, his ability has not been of any ma
terial benefit to his country. His record con
sists of speeches, handshakes, private letters
and garden seed. Possibly, I should add, the
importation of agricultural and dairying ex
perts, with surveys and analyses of soils. All
of this his secretary might have done, at SIOO
per month.
The only occasion on which Brantley’s ac
tion in Congress was of a decisive character
was last spring. His desertion of his own
leader, and his going over to Joe Cannon, the
Republican leader, acomplished vast results.
It enabled the Republican boss to pack the
Committees and despotically control the
House. Because of the Democratic deserters,
Cannon retained his mastery over the situa
tion. And the first-fruits of said mastery
was the outrageous Payne-Aldrich bill, which
has put up the cost of living. The whole na
ture of that infamous measure is revealed in
the fact that it levies a tax of 50 per cent, on
automobiles and 165 per cent, on blankets.
Joe Cannon himself said in his Kansas City
speech, last November, that it would have
been impossible for him to have “revised” the
tariff, had not these twenty-three Democrats
come to his assitance.
J/r. Brantley dare, not rise in his place in
Conaress to refute Cannon's statement. None
of the deserters will dare to do it.
The deserters are. in part. Gordon Lee,
Charles Edwards, William G. Brantley, Wil
liam M. Howard, and Lon Livingston. Jim
Griggs was one, but he's dead now; and we’ve
got in his place a man who will not help New
England rob the South.
Yes, sir: Georgia furnished six of the
twenty-three deserters.
Florida supplied one, Stephen M. Park
man.
Louisiana was disgraced by two, Robert F.
Broussard and Albert Estopinal.
Tennessee was betrayed by but one, John
A. Moon.
The grand empire of Texas has not to
blush for a single deserter. Nor have Vir
ginia, the Carolinas, Alabama, Mississippi,
Missouri-, Arkansas. Maryland, Kentucky or
West Virginia to hang their heads in shame
because of this terrible treason to the common
people.
Georgia the State of Stephens and
Toombs, of Hill and Hershel V. Johnson, of
Crawford and Troup, of Forsyth and' Ber
rien, of Cobb and Jackon, gave more than
half of her delegation to the South’s heredi
tary enemy, to the Party of the Recontruc
tion laws, to the Party whose political pur
pose is to enrich the Few by plundering the
Many.
Tn 1891. we Populist Congressmen did our
best to break the tyrannical rule of the
Speaker and the Committees whom he ap
points. We thought the House ought to be a
deliberate body, controlling itself, and elect
ing its committees.
Mr. Brantley referred to this, a few days
ago. shortly after the Democrats and Insur
gents had, gone part of the way we Pops had
mapped out. The House, you remember,
elected the Committee on Rules, leaving Can
non off.
They ought to have gone further and elect- .
ed all the committees— as the English Parlia
ment does.
Brantley alluded to my speech on the sub
ject. He apparently did so for the purpose
of convincing people that the election of all
committees by the House would be “revolu
tionary”.
I’m no “revolutionist”, and never have
been. Mine are the principles of ante-bellum
Democracy. Brantley, at heart, is a Hamil
tonian, a Republican. He's no Democrat, IN
PRINCIPLE.
And your people have at length found it
out, William! Brush up your legal knowl
edge, my son—you're going to become a cor
poration lawyer, serving them in court
houses, AT THEIR EXPENSE. instead of
in Congress, AT THE PEOPLE'S EX
PENSE.
That’s what, William G.
The Democratic Congressmen not only
threw away a magnificent opportunity to
completely emancipate the House from clique
despotism; but the majority Democrats spiked
their guns as to the twenty-three deserters.
By electing to the Rides Committee the Pat
McCarren dummy, Fitzgerald of New York
City-— the leader of the deserters — the entire
bunch, from Champ Clark down, have con
doned, if not indorsed as base a betrayal of
the people as ever was committed.
Concerning the Two Million
Chinks that Ellis Saw
The Atlanta office slipped a cog, in last
week’s paper, and swept away nearly all of
the 2,000.000 Chinese whom Ellis, at the Bi
ble Conference in Atlanta, vowed, declared
and stated that he had seen grovelling on the
ground, at one and the same time and place,
howling from hunger. By said slip, I was
made to reduce the number of Ellis’ Chinks
to mere “thousands”. And that, after I had
looked up the biggest cities in China, and
found that the most populous of all contain
only 1,600,000 inhabitants!
Oh no: can’t let Ellis off at “thousands”.
The papers reported him as sa} ing, at the
Conference: »■
“Why, Watson knows nothing about Oriental
poverty. I have seen 2,000,000 Chinese,” etc.
Suppose you were to stretch out ten thou
sand people on an acre of ground, how much
space do you think would be unoccupied by
human tenants? As near as I can come at it,
2.000,000 human beings would densely pack
200 acres of ground!
Now where do you suppose that Ellis, or
anybody else, ever saw 200 acres of solid hu
manity ?
The army of Xerxes was the largest body
of men ever brought together into one collec
tion, and it numbered only half of the Chinks
that Ellis rounded up!
What a howl that 200-acre lot of howling
howlers must have howled !
It’s a wonder that the Noise did not im
pair, injure, damage and hurt Ellis’ tim
panum, ear drum, auricular department and
hearing.
A 200-acre field of grovellers and howlers!
O what a record-breaking grovel that was!
O what a multitudinous howl!
Who Abused Somebody for Ad
vising Farmers to Sell Cotton ?
What was it that I was saying, last No
vember when cotton meandered all the way
from 14 to 15 cents?
And what papers abused me for advising
Foxy to sell ?
They are silent as tombstones, at present.
Guess the Warehouse owners feel goodly.
Also, the Insurance companies. Likewise,
the Billy With’ems, and the Bob What’s-his
names who loaned money on the’held-over
cotton.
And those Farmers' Union editors, WHO
OWN WAREHOUSE STOCK, BUT NO
COTTON, ain't a saying one single, solitary
word about that N ovember advice of, Yours
as-ever.
Still, the price may go to 20 cents. And it