PAGE TWELVE
STILL FEAR THAT MR. ROOSEVELE
WILL BE A CANDIDATE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
will believe that this could be done. Then Mr.
Roosevelt would be made a candidate for a
third term despite his sincere and earnest ef
forts to prevent it. For as matters now stand
his nomination would be prevented by ceasing
opposition to the nomination of Taft.
Mr. Roosevelt being the republican nominee,
who would head the democratic ticket? Mr.
Bryan has said that he and the president so
nearly agree now that the same political
garments fit both. Then, as a matter of
principle, there would be little use of the
democrats nominating Mr. Bryan. The reform
element of the party would not feel that all
would be lost if he should fail to get the nomi
nation. The conservatives would make a
desperate effort to defeat him. and cause the
nomination of a conservative as they succeed
ed in having Judge Parker named in 1904.
Should Taft be the republican nominee it is
almost certain that he would be defeated.
The labor vote would go almost solidly against
him, and the reports that are being spread
now. that he has made himself entirely accept
able to Wall street, would cause him to lose
many votes. If the two opposing tickets
should be Taft and Bryan, it would seem al
most certain that, Mr. Bryan would be elected.
Should Roosevelt or Taft get the republi
can nomination and Mr. Bryan be the demo
cratic nominee, would the conservatives try
to put out a candidate of their own? This
seems reasonable to expect. Just as they put
out the Palmer and Buckner ticket in 1896,
to help defeat Mr. Bryan, so they may this
year be expected to put out a ticket of their
own. if they fail to have a man acceptable
to them nominated by either of the great
parties. If this should be done, with the re
form vote split into many parties, a ticket
on which the conservatives should unite would
stand a good chance of being elected.
All this, of course, is mere speculation. The
truth is that the political outlook is so chaotic
that nobody can foresee the result, and the
entirely unexpected may happen.
PROHIBITION PARTY WIDE AWAKE IN
EVERY SECTION OF THE COUNTRY.
(Continued from Page One.)
nominate a man from the north will mean the
loss of one or two hundred thousand votes to
our ticket. The prohibition 4 corpse* is mani
festing great signs of the strenuous awakening
in these latter days.’*
Indiana DeDbate. —In a sizzling oratorical
contest al Millsboro, Ind., Feb. 26, the ques
tion. Resolved that the Republican and Demo
cratic parties have accomplished more for
temperance than the Prohibition party, was
attacked by James Williams of the Hillsboro
Farmers’ Bank and John 11. Newlin, who, in
the opinion of the audience, completely shat
tered their opponents* arguments.
The Brookeland Prohibitionist, Brooke
land, Texas, is one of the latest additions to
the prohibition press of the country. It is a
bright little eighf-page advocate of the great
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
reform; uses the Associated Prohibition Press
bulletins and plate service regularly.
• In a suit of impeachment recently decided
at Charleston, where it was shown that one
saloon in the little mining village of Decota,
Kanawha countv, received from its trade in
V -
a year $21,546.40, the building in which these
profits were made was in value worth less
than SIOO. In a similar town in a like build
ing the receipts of one saloon aggregated
$45,000 in a year.
Massachusetts in Line for National Issue
Club. —Mr. Wilbur D. Moon, Boston, treasurer
of the Massachusetts Prohibition State Com
mittee, has been appointed State Superintend
ent of the National Issue pladge work, and
they will push this new movement immediate
ly on a very large scale. He reports condi
tions as ripe for a forward movement in Mas
sachusetts, and that they propose to put on
sand and make things hum all along the line.
4 ‘You shall hear from old Massachusetts in
the present campaign,” he writes.
ANTI-TRUST BILL CAUSES SPLIT IN
REPUBLICANS.
(Special Dispatch to The Journal.)
Washington, Mas. 28. —The Republicans of
the house are on the verge of a bad split over
the Hepburn bill amending the Sherman anti
trust law. Mr. Hepburn has his associates on
the committee on interstate and foreign com
merce of which he is chairman, sounding Re
publican members for the purpose of ascer
taining how they would vote on a resolu
tion to take the bill from the judiciary com
mittee and refer it to the interstate com
merce committee.
If it should develop that the resolution be
adopted by a coalition of insurgent Republi
cans and Democrats there is no doubt of its
introduction, unless Speaker Cannon would
change the reference of his own volition. It
may be stated on absolute authority that the
Republicans who are working to take the bill
from the hands of the judiciary committee
are deterred from making an open move chiefly
through a belief that Mr. Williams, Democrat
ic floor leader, is so friendly to Speaker Can
non that he would not sanction Democratic
support of the resolution to change the ref
erence, which would be a flat rebuke of the
speaker.
But it is pretty well settled that the mass
of the Democrats of the house would vote for
the resolution if given the opportunity, no
matter what was the attitude of the minority
leader. When Mr. Hepburn introduced his
hill after consultation with the president he
indorsed the back thereof, 41 Referred to
the committee on interstate and foreign com
merce,” but the speaker promptly changed
the reference and sent it to the committee on
judiciary.
Mr. Hepburn was up in arms and laid his
grievances before the president yesterday aft
ernoon. It is believed the president advised
him to look into the feasibility of having
the reference changed by resolution. If such
a resolution should be adopted it would put
Colonel Hepburn in the race for the speaker
ship next time, especially if Secretary Taft
should be nominated and elected to the presi
dency.
It is hardly conceivable that Mr. Taft, as
president, would exert his influence to retain
the gavel in the hands of a man who is so
strongly opposed to his nomination, not only
because of the speaker’s candidacy for the
presidency, but because of his intense oppo
sition to the things for which Secretary Taft
and the president are popularly supposed to
stand. —Atlanta Journal.
JAMES L. MAYSON,
Candidate for Congress, stands squarely for
a restriction of immigration, whereby the
criminal and pauper classes would be excluded
from the United States.
Only melted gold is minted; only moistened
clay is molded; only softened wax receives
the die; only broken and contrite hearts can
take and keep the impress of heaven. —F. B.
Meyer.
After all, the kind of world one caries
about in ones’ self is the important thing,
and the world outside takes all its grace,
color, beauty and value from that. —Lowell.
The tree will not only lie as it falls, but
it will fall as it leans. What is the in
clination of mv soul?—Gurnev.
*
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
jA-JL Ab SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
in h WMKpt an d °^ er drug addictions.
For particulars, address
f Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
ATLANTA, GA.
The Hocus Pocus Money Book”
Published in 1904, showed that existing condi
tions made a commercial panic in the near
future inevitable —and why? Its 200 pages are
filled with incontrovertible economic principles
and astonishing facts, sustained by figures from
the U. S. Comptroller’s Reports, and bank or
gans, proving that the deposit banking system
—as it has been maneged in the past—ls the
real cause of every commercial panic ever
known, and most of the periods of business de
pression that have afflicted this country. And,
what is still more important, it shows how their
recurrence can be made impossible- and the de
mand for services and products made to always
equal the supply—without wronging any one, or
costing the people a dollar. Book sellers and
news dealers can not afford to antagonize the
banks by handling this book. Do not blame
them —but send for the book yourself. Terms,
by mail: Single copy, 25 cents, 5 for |l. Ad
dress the author,
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
906 Madison St., Topeka, Kansas.
COL PON ■ ■ ■ ■
ALBERT GRIFFIN, 906 Madison St., Topeka, Kan.
Enclosed find 35 cents, for which send me one copy
of your book.
Name
Adress