“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
Jk . All SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
p : K Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
and otber dru £ addictions.
For particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
' ■ "’ ’ ’ ATLANTA. GA.
The Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
, These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on- every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; .he peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous em’ oachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO eaoh.
IMnm, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
" I ■■■■■■■■■MMl■■■
Next Week’s Jeffersonian
V\ ill contain a very important announcement of valuable
PREMIUMS
which will be offered for subscriptions. There will be
Bibles, Cook Boohs, Clocks, Glassware, a Typewriter and
a Buggy, all of which can be obtained by a little easy work.
’ Write at once for sample copies, subscription blanks and
instructions.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Ml AKS JBEEII T
I WtwW need by our Write for that
I .. beautifully illustrated and descriptive book. ■
I A Book Store in your hottie.” It is |H
F free. Write today. We ciiat'antee quality and Value.
Our price. the, lowest. Write for catalog. lit. free. ■
The Isrgeat mail ordqf Book house io the world. 48 yeans rtrigiMne.B
j.w. 108 T HE FRANKLIN-TURNER GO., 65-7 t Ivy St, Atlanta, Ga. "*
summer money [ aure i Mills Manufacturing Co.
If you can spare a little time to do some b
work for the two Jeffersonians this summer Roiwell, Cobb County, Georgia
and fall you can make good money. We have WE exchange
one of the best propositions that was ever x-kw
ottered to agents CLOTH FOR WOOL
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA. Send for samples and pricea.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terma.
Th TIA cured; quick relief; removes all swell- ——
IBK 11 r w a ® to days; 30 to 60 days effects
1/11VI kJ JI permanent cure. Trial treatment Riven T/* WT_ ,
* free to sufferers; nothin? fairer. For IYCCD UH X OUf 1*
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write A V* A *
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K. Atlanta, Ga.
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
AGENTS WANTED. vvuuwi uvo wuw vino
We are offering a very liberal proposition to official French newspaper in America. Lat
agents who will take subscriptions for the two news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
Jeffersonians during the campaign. An active STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
man or boy can make good money at this work. tributions by prominent writers.
For sample copies, subscription blanks, etc., La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free,
apply to Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA. Fulton St., New York City.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
-SUBSCRIBE =
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Oiler
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN