PAGE FOURTEEN
SCHOOLS and COLLEGES
. —— ...,j
[ The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE!
tA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State. t Leading School of the South
Large New College Building, Com
*• plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write for souvcnir catalog and further particulars to
*» WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S., Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga. |
T j A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls.
Ji it 18 sI ITI I eVP Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
JJWVAUV xja V ▼ V/ Home Life an attractive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
•w* *y z— m t "wr ts w Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
I |' | i I g j Board $8 to sl4 per month.
.1.11 OJLJII.U 1. H/ A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
For catalog and further iuformation address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
Full College Courses or Catalog and fuZZI
with Music, Painting Information address I
and Elocution. 67thSes- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
ston Begins Sept. 8, ’O9 !__ or Win. S. Cox, Mgr.
<< " I II I ■»■
W GEORGIA MILITARY COLLEGE
~~ aT
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA. if
t W’W) A SCHOOL WITH A RECORD
Faculty of 17 Teachers
Each a specialist. A.8., B.S. and .
mercial Courses. Best Business Course \
rW' i South. Army officer on active list, Com-
» Im 1 | mandant. Discipline like West Point
l Cadets in barracks. Every facility for
• doing the best work. Cost $165.00 for r|r Wf
klilkf year—includes two uniforms. Illustrated LZ VI
L [nidify t MS
catalogs ready—Free.
Address
Box 82 WILLIAM E. REYNOLDS, President
BOOKS BY THOS. If. WA TSON
Story of France (2 volumes).Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSOWMS, Thomson, Ga.
A COM PLIM EN TS OF’ "
l-wMI tom watson ZZI
JEFFERgoilim
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
G>l)£ 3effersonmn
Summary of Events as They
Happen Tonfilolan
row, Grady County; R. W. Cash,
Henry County.
Committee on Resolutions—O. A.
McDowell, Walton County; E. Caba
niss, Oglethorpe County; C. E. Davis,
Wilkinson County; T. E. Smith, Lau
rens County; James Kelly, Warren
County.
Committee on Legislation—T. L.
Hawkins, Campbell County; G. S.
Farr, Fulton County; R. A. Milner,
Pike County; C. A. Newcomer, Ben
Hill County; W. L. Reagan, Jeff Davis
County.
Press Committee —J. E. Bodenha
mer, DeKalb County; G. F. Hunni
cutt, Clayton County; W. L. Stallings,
Bartow County; B. B. Parker, Dooly
County; J. T. DeWeese, Gilmer Coun
ty; G. A. Dallas, Upson County.
Committee on Grievances —R. F.
Duckworth, Campbell County; J. M.
M. Christian, Emanuel County; T. P.
Tankersley, Lincoln County; C. G.
Williams, Washington County; T. T.
Cooper, Jackson County.
Committee on Good of the Order—
R. F. Smith, DeKalb County; T. S.
Lunsden, Carroll County; N. D.
Hutchinson, Troup County; J. F.
Tarpley, Fannin County; I. F. Cole
man, Worth County.
Committee on Fertilizer —J. G. Eu
banks, Campbell County; R. W. Ben
nett, Ware County; J. A. Lee, Screven
County; C. G. Atkinson, Morgan
County; S. E. Cox, Taylor County.
Committee on Corporation—J. G.
Eubanks, Campbell County; R. H.
Stubbs, Macon County; O. A. McDow
ell, Walton County; E. B. Aaron, Jen
kins County; W. F. S. Griffin, Effing
ham County.
Committee on Farm Implements—
D. E. Jones, Tattnall County; D. E.
Bird, Bulloch County; H. W. Glaze,
Hall County; J. J. Porter, Colquitt
County; F. M. Bishop, Cherokee
County.
Galveston, Texas, has reason to
congratulate itself upon the wisdom
Galveston
Saved Itself.
storm, equal in fury to the one which
almost wiped Galveston off the map,
raged there last week and the city
was only saved by the staunch mason
ry which had been erected at a cost
of millions of dollars. The same
storm devastated the Gulf coast of
Texas and Louisiana and as yet the
loss of life and property is not fully
known.
Chief Justice Brewer’s unsolicited
expressions upon the now important
Brewer’s Break.
ed much comment,
mostly of a nature decidedly unfa
vorable. The distinction that he
draws in this instance between cen
tralization and states’ rights is ar
tificial to the point of being ludi
crous. Inasmuch as the entire ques
tion involves a Constitutional amend
ment to be ratified by the states, his
potential warning against the tax sa
vors of servility or senility or both.
The equity of an income tax is abso-
(Concluded from Page 4.)
which built the 17-foot
sea-wall, after the dis
aster which befell that
city nine years ago. A
question of the in
come tax have arous-
lutely beyond dispute. Its efficacy is
not a matter of experiment; other
countries have tried it successfully.
XVe, with our clumsy means of rais
ing revenue, —means which leave
every avenue for monopolistic ex
ploitation,—lag lamely behind. If
Justice Brewer doesn’t believe the
States will ratify this amendment, it
would be in better taste for him to
maintain silence, as such a refusal
to ratify would defeat the proposi
tion, without Justice Brewer’s throt
tling power of the Federal judiciary.
Invested with a kind of sanctity,
our courts have grown farther and
farther away from accountability to
the public. In some mysterious
fashion they have grabbed the man
tle of Divine right in addition to the
ermine and entirely overshadowing
the latter. Is it the part of the
Judge to pass in advance upon the
merits of any case that may possibly
come before him for decision? Al
together the Judge should remember
that if the people, who are the foun
dation of all our institutions, see fit
so to do, the Supreme Court itself
may be abolished; or at least its in
dividual members subjected to right
Recall.
The Internal Revenue Bureau re
ports very slow progress made by the
farmers of the coun-
Farmers Not try in the use of de-
Benefited. natured alcohol, the
reasons assigned be
ing that the present cost of manu
facture was too high, and the kind
of engines, etc., used upon the farms
not being as yet adapted to this kind
of fuel. In many manufactures,
such as the production of celluloid,
ether, gunpowder and paint, benefit
has resulted.
Popery in China
(Concluded from Page 11.)
young man whose mother was a Pro
testant, joined the Romish church.
Pressure was then brought to bear on
the mother, and when she would not
yield, her son was shut up in prison,
and only released when a promise
had been extracted from her that she
would become a member of the papal
church. Thus she denied her Lord
that she might see her son again, and
now, though she attends the Protest
ant hall as often as she can, her joy
is gone, but we trust that she is one
of those that will be saved —yet so as
by fire. In this case the mother beg
ged the Protestant pastor to take
some action that would lead to the
release of her son, but what could be
done? The Protestants set their
faces against all kinds of lawsuits,
and this one, if it had been taken
up, would have been dealt with by
the local official. He would simply
have tried to patch the matter up and
avoid the feud that Rome would cer
tainly have caused, and in which she
would use means to gain her ends
which a Protestant would not and
could not employ.
“Such is Rome in China —the
greatest hinderer of mission work