THE CAMPAIGN IN GEORGIA.
i
(Continued from Page Nine.)
white supremacy in the South and paving the
way for negro domination.
nlong these lines vou should be able to keep
from the polls tens of thousands of white Dem
ocrats, even though thev may not be willing to
vote for the Presidential candidate who alone
in this campaign stands for Jeffersonian De
mocracy, Southern rights and white su
premacy.
M
A Word to The Farmers * Union.
The Jeffersonian feels sure that every mem
ber of the Farmers’ Union, from President Bar
rett down to the humblest member, feels that
he is a friend to the order, as such, he begs
leave to submit a few suggestions.
It must be evident to everybody that the cot
ton grower is in a bad way. The price of the
staple is certainly not above the cost of produc
tion, —averagingone farm with another through
out the Cotton Belt. In proportion to everv
thing else, cotton is manifestly too low. It
was natural that the panic shuld depress its
price, but it is not natural that cotton should
be the chief sufferer; vet cotton is the chief
sufferer. Corn and wheat have not shared the
depression of cotton. Thev are high. Agri
cultural implements and ordinary wearing ap
parel have not suffered in anything like the
same degree as cotton.
Now, there must be some cause for the ex
ceptional fall in the price of that staple which
is so necessarv to all the world. To us, the
reason seems simple enough. We can take up
any tariff bill and we can demonstrate that the
men who framed it did so with a view of mak
ing special prices for themselves. The men
who manufacture iron and steel products ar-
Announcement of Speaking for Watson and Williams
HON. FRED D. WIMBERLY
VIENNA, GA., Thursday, October 29.
VIDALIA, GA., Friday, October 30.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., Saturday, Oct. 31.
At Night.
HON. DONALD H. CLARK
CAIRO, GA., Wednesday, October 28.
VALDOSTA, GA., Thursday, October 29.
JESUP, GA., Saturday, October 31.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
HON. OSCAR PARKER
CANTON, GA., Monday, October 26.
MARIETTA, GA., Tuesday, October 27.
DALTON, GA., Wednesday, October 28.
ROME, GA., Thursday, October 29.
CEDARTOWN, GA., Friday, October 30.
BUCHANAN, GA., Saturday, October 31.
DALLAS, GA., Monday, November 2,
Hour of Speaking, it a.m.
ranged the tariff schedules so that the Euro
pean manufacturer is practically shut out from
competition with the American manufacturer,
consequently the American manufacturer can
come mighty near to fixing his own price for
his goods. So it is all along the line with those
thousands of articles that find their place in the
tariff bills, and which, therefore, are taken out
from the markets of competition and piaced in
the market of monopoly. *
What is it that the South has to sell? Chief
ly, raw cotton. Jn doing this, she competes
with the whole world, and, therefore, must take
a price lowered by world-wide competition.
What does she have to buy? Almost every
thino- but raw cotton. And almost evervthino*
that she is necessarilv compelled to buv is an
article that you will find on the tariff sched
ules, —therefore an article which has been taken
out of the market in which competition would
fix the price and has been placed in a market
where the absence of competition enables the
seller to get a price which it would be impos
sible for him to otherwise demand.
Now, friends, how can you expect to get any
permanent and general relief from the condi
tions which oppress you until you go to the
source of the trouble? God made the South
rich, and he made New England poor. To-day
New England is rich and the South is poor.
How did this happen? New England has been
making the laws to suit herself for a hundred
years, and the South has been submitting to
them. With cold-blooded precision and with
measureless greed the capitalistic class of New
England has manipulated Congress and se
cured the laws which rob the millions of com
mon producers of their wealth, just about as
fast as they produce it. What’s the remedy?
Some good citizen says, in all sincerity, “let
us cut down the acreage that we plant in cot-
REV. W. H. BIRD
LAFAYETTE, GA., Thursday, October 29.
SUMMERVILLE, GA., Friday, October 30.
CALHOUN, GA., Saturday, October 31.
SPRING PLACE, GA., Monday, Nov. 2.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
COL. PHIL DAVIS
ELBERTON, GA., Monday, October 26.
CRAWFORD, GA., Tuesday, October 27.
BERZELIA, GA., Wednesday, October 28.
GREENSBORO, GA., Thursday, Oct. 29.
MONROE, GA., Friday, October 30.
COVINGTON, GA., Saturday, October 31.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
HON. J. W. ROWE
GREENVILLE, GA., Saturday, October 24.
WOODBURY, GA., Monday, October 26.
CHIPLEY, GA., Tuesday, October 27.
HAMILTON, GA., Wednesday, October 28.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
Jeffersonian
ton.” Others say, “let us meet in convention
and fix the price.” Whatever benefit may be
derived from the operation of these two reme
dies, there will be no permanent and natural
cure of the complaint until something more is
done. The market for raw cotton must be
broadened. That can only be done by en
abling the people to supply themselves with
cotton goods; this can only be done by lower
ing the price of cotton goods, or by supplying
the people with a larger amount of circulating
medium. If the tariff duties on manufactured
cotton goods were cut in two, the manufcturers
would still have more protection than they
should demand, but the price of cotton goods
would inevitably come down within the reach
of the people, because the foreigner would en
ter our market with his cheaper goods and by
competing with the American manufacturer,
compel him to lower his prices. Thus a vastly
larger quantity of cotton goods would be used,
and this increase in consumption would in its
turn naturally cause the mills to want a greater
amount of raw cotton; and this increased de
mand for raw cotton would be the logical, in
evitable and natural way to put up and keep
up the price of raw cotton.
If the Legislative Committees of the Farm
ers’ Union will just give the Congressmen in
every State in the South to understand that un
less he will come to the aid of the cotton grow
ers by doing his level best to have Congress re
duce the tariff schedule on cotton goods one
half, a mighty change will sweep over the coun
try. If the united efforts of all the Unions are
thrown in that direction and the pressure kept
upon our public men until the desired change
is made in the laws, we would see the price of
cotton rise to that natural level below which
it has sunk, and below which we fear it will re
main until this constitutional treatment is given
to the disease.
HON. T. G. DOROUGH
TOCCOA, GA., Monday, October 26.
COMMERCE, GA., Tuesday, October 27.
DULUTH, GA., Wednesday, October 28.
ROSWELL, GA., Thursday, October 29.
HOLBROOK, GA., Friday, October 30.
(Holbrook Campground.)
JONESBORO, GA., Saturday, October 31.
HOMER, GA., Monday, November 2.
Hour of Speaking, 11 a.m.
• -
REV. S. A. WALKER
WAYNESBORO, GA., Thursday, Oct. 29.
SANDERSVILLE, GA., Friday, Oct, 30.
GIBSON, GA., Saturday, October 31.
Speakers Will also Try to
Come to
VILLA RICA, GA., Thursday, October 29.
HARTWELL, GA., Friday, October 30.
ROCKMART, GA., Saturday, October 31.
BOWMAN, GA., Saturday, October 31,