PAGE SIX
The 'Republican Platform
The Republican national convention adopted
a platform.
Probably presenting a platform was a
proper thing to do, though a party that is in
power and has been for eleven years should
stand on its record rather than on promises.
The platform makes four newspaper col
umns in small type.
It glorifies in the system that has produced
the billionaires and impoverished the masses.
It declares against government ownership,
yet when the people get a shot at that ques
tion, they vote for it all the way from 2 to 1
to 10 to 1, as evidence the elections pf the
various cities on propositions for public
ownership of water and light works and
street railways.
The Republicans say in their platform:
“We favor the establishment of a postal
savings bank system for the convenience of
the people and encouragement of thrift.”
Why ’ haven’t they adopted a government
postal savings bank system? Why didn’t the
Congress that has just adjourned do it?
Tn another plank in their platform they
say:
“We favor'such national legislation and
supervision as will prevent the future over
issue of stocks and bonds by interstate car
riers. ’ ’
BRYAN UP TO DATE.
Once Brilliant Prospects of Nebraskan Are
Slowly Fading.
As the days pass Mr. Bryan’s once brilliant
prospects seem to contract and fade. Last
summer’s inference that he led the party
merely in default of a serious rival is receiv
ing daily confirmation, for as alternatives are
proposed so does the Bryan enthusiasm dimin
ish in respect of both its dimensions and its
intensity. The appraisement of a year ago
takes on new features of probability with
each succeeding revelation.
So far, of the Southern States, where Mr.
* Bryan must get his following if he is to suc
ceed. only one appears to be genuinely bound
to him. and that one is Texas. And yet it is
not forgotten in Texas that when Brayn
visited the State last 'summer, ostensibly on a
tour of political observation and arrangement,
he took advantage of an otherwise dull Sun
day to deliver two sermons, with “Christ”
for his subject, charging admission for the
same, and netting not less than SI,OOO on the
whole enterprise.
Even in Texas they are beginning to suspect
that Bryan wants the Denver nomination not
because he expects to be elected, but because
he proposes to retain the party leadership as
a standing claim to deference and a species
of ..compulsion upon paying audiences for his
lectures. There is no doubt that his two
sermons on “Christ,” with the incidental
charge for entrance tickets, left a very uneasy,
if not painful, impression upon thoughtful
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Why d ; dn’t they pass that law at the recent
session of Congress? Why didn’t they pass
it many years ago when the practice of stock
watering was begun?
In another plank the platform declares for
“equal opportunity.”
Why hasn’t it given equal opportunity?
Why has it issued and loaned to rich national
bankers six hundred million dollars of cur
rency, charging them only one-half of one per
cent interest, while at the same time failing
to provide for government loans to others at
any rate of interest? Where is the “equal
opportunity” to others?
The government under Republican rule,
taxed over two hundred million dollars sur
plus revenue out of the people and put it in
the banks without any interest and at the
same time bond this and the next generation
to obtain money to build the canal.
Where is the equal opportunity in this?
Look at John D. Rockefeller, J. Pierpont
Morgan, the Goulds, the Vanderbilts —look at
their immense fortunes, all gathered from the
toil of the people, and then look at the vast
majority of thn honest, industrious men and
women of this land struggling for little more
than mere existence. Where has been the
equal opportunity that has brought on this
condition? —Mo. World.
Texas minds. He appears to have the dele
gates this time, but even at that by a very
questionable tenure.
For the rest, and looking elsewhere, we
discern for Bryan only diminishing prospects
and more languid interest. South Carolina
is not going to “instruct” for him in the
sense that he desires and demands. Louisiana
is frankly hostile, and even in Alabama,
where it was expected that the primaries
would make things safe for him, albeit dan
gerously there has arisen recently
a ferment of antagonism which may work
disastrously.
Whether all these portents, obvious to the
observant everywhere, have impressed them
selves upon Mr. Bryan himself does not mat
ter in the least. The question is not what
rays of light may penetrate his immense self
consciousness. The question of importance
is the influence of ascertained and flagrant
facts upon the situation. —New York Sun.
AN ARRAIGNMENT OF PREVAILING
CONDITIONS.
With us as a people or as a republic there
is no one main or central leading question,
but hundreds of theories of more or less im
portance which deserve attention from such
political parties as are now in existence. The
tariff issue between the republican and demo
cratic parties has for a good many years
been the bone of contention, whether it should
he a tariff for revenue only or one for pro
tection of American industries; but after the
bone has been denuded of all flesh and laid
bare, it is now apparent that the real differ-
ence between the actual workings of this
principle or method of taxation, was so slight
that either would serve as well the interest
of the producers who finally pay the tax.
And the difference is so insignificant that
there is nothing more than theory left.
To protect industries and make it effective
all must admit that the tariff must border
somewhere close to what might be ascribed
as prohibitive of importations of such articles
as are produced by American labor, while to
create a tariff for revenue only, is, and always
will be, indefinite as to the amount necessary
for expenses of government, as long as con
gress has it in its power to appropriate and
expencl moneys ad libitum.
All know that capitalism is now so en
trenched and fortified that the “voice of the
people” no longer holds influence strong
enough to make its behest and have it grant
ed. This voice, which was once considered
the very life and gyard of our republic, seem
ingly has been sunken into “innocuous des
uetude,” while the money power of our land
brutally ignores al] which interferes with
their selfish greed, even to the subsidizing of
the press and brow-beating of what are
termed courts of justice. (?) The power of
money is seen and felt in every department.
The call for patriotism by the few who
refuse to bow to the golden calf is scoffed
at, and the callers are ridiculed and made
sport of as being “calamity howlers, insane
agitators and cranks.” Under such condi
tions the majority of voters refuse to
examine for themselves, preferring to stay
inside the harness fastened on them by
“party leaders,” and enjoy quiet, rather
than have a battle royal and gain the free
dom bequeathed them by past generations of
statesmen and patriotic founders of a true
republican form of government. It is
this fear of the party Ijish, added to the fear
of being ridiculed, that has created the in
difference of the great mass of our people,
and allowed the money to almost throt
tle the rights, if not the liberties, of the peo
ple, and causing them to regard, without ob
jection being made, the enormous waste of
public moneys gathered into the treasuries of
state and nation and placed there by legisla
tion which taxes them by and through every
system except that of cannon and sword.
“Vox populi, vox dei,” was once a most
powerful coadjutor in giving the people
what they clamored for; but in our day, vox
populi is so completely at war with itself,
or so easily controlled by powers that be,
that effort to call it into active effort and
make it effective for the public good is about
as ineffective and somewhat similar in after
effect as spitting against the wind to stay
the storm.
The question of tariff is but a blind through
which both old parties seek to conceal their
batteries. It is the one blind only which both
can use without interference with the plans
of the moneyed aristocracy already built up.
It is like the tin rattle in the hands of an in
fant—it does excellently well to make a
noise with and detract attention, but it is