tllst isesidse, t `fse
we.rentamo
:: I
.a nmra
aa ~ ;oareh ig orPia
theas 6 Mada thes f
xf Wiscsa o f n +th in lie.t. JAt*
Ina-the natin l cere monesand tere
des ekd to desist f~gcm partleips
the oceasioe was matdo -orna
tihe'vaSt ".attenadice.To-day also , 1
of eleven great state.
J;isseyr~, Oeemetietandi .5
and ateit of Pennsylvania > s
1mqg the Middle atest; of
Soth oarolina and Lounisiaa in th
t Wisconsit in the far westopar
national ceremonies and ther
the omplete restoration of
interesting and signidant even, than0
I' "gerhapin in the eye of other nations andr
wiorian. twere the manifestation of the (
growth of the country in population
pouera and the fact that this momentous
y Vit`: eriedoie formula, every step of
anJ A h n in uad il at l announced
pnb.; noticeabl:
bptod, .o A ,m.gisaki ad
=,.t outC5 of hublic onterests' or
nof ao s ay eitmentr except. that
accompianying a gret national
atsont od s the inlux of 200, or m 00,000
there bailt .teno reapitl- The ore rof prto
ereding was almost identicallyr the sae asfour
years ago, with theTsstien oE )5e sljfr ºIaP
ticipanta reversed, rind at nredn eice
except in ie extent f othemtbeai forer Isoam
the ceremonies of eight years ago
garelt rnsts lqero tureotesyn
eten the ou ociln g hourniof
oh so mu onh 1iew-m cr Ind
ly crowded; thon de of t e etiring,
P nt the president d vice-pmredenf
with their military escort from the
b Whiteeo res to the capitol to lay down an.
tae up- the veins of power respectivelyt thie
'pageasnt of the returning procession and review
after the ceremonies of inaguration ar over,.
and the inauguration ball at, night. Since
Sblunt old John Adams. gripsack in hand,
""6"d' out of the White House in the
eig lmorning dawn of March 4. 1801, toavoid
xteniding to his hatred rival, Thomas Jeffer
-son, the hospit altites of the exeautive mansion,
there had been no break in the uniform courtesy
extendedievely four ,or eight yealts by the as
tiring chif to his, successor, unless there be
excepted the personal misunderstanding which
arose betwren President Andrew Johnson and
Claenp. ron in the last days of the former's ad
ministratiI. which made their intercourse a
frigid formhllty. fIn this year of grace, courtesy
between the outgoing and incoming powers
has reigned supreme, as witness the banquets
given by the senate without distinctiou of party
to Vice-President Morton and Secretary Car
lisle, the reception tendered by Vice
President Morton to Vice - President
Stevenson, and the merked civilities exchanged
between Presidents Harrison snl Cleve
land. "I desire the ideas of President Harri
son carried ouit as to my conveyance to the
inatrkurl ceremonies," wrote Mr. Cleveland.
"A very sensible suggestion is attributed to
`him. and that is that t ride in his carriage, as
he did in mine on the 4th of Mareh. 1us9." And
so it was. 4n1 the ceremonial calls and the
other little niceties ofi the day were observed
between them with n cheerful alacrity indica
tive of almost cordial friendship.
The scenealong the line of march was sach
as no city but Washington and no street but
its broad, well-paved Pennsylvania avenue
couldproduce, though the comfort of the crowds
lining the thoroughfare was somewhat marred
Sby a heavy fall of snow which drove many to
seek shelter who would otherwise gladly have
swelled the throng. Public nd private astnd
erected along the line of march from the capitol
to a point beyond the White House had an es
timated seating capacity of 60.000 persons. And
every one of them was crowded. Every foot
of standing room along the route of the proces
siond, fully two miles in length. was occupied;
windows commanding a view of the parade
brought ofabulous prices and advantageous
seats on the public stands commanded prices
ranging firom 5 up and down. The main stand
from which President Cleveland reviewed the
parade was in front of the White House. It was
c0 fteet long and quite deep and had a com
fortaeble seating capacity for 1.100 per
seas. t670 more than the corresponld
ing stand erected on t same site for the in
auguratiei of President Harrison. It was
decoratedwith effective taste. In the center
was an archforty-two fteet high, and similarly
draped and pedm ounted by the arms ofr the
United Sttems.On the extreme right was ih
coat-of-arms of New York (Mr. Cleveland
stiate). On the extreme left was the coat-of
arms of Illinois (Vice-President Stevenson's
state). and between them were diaplayed the
armorial earings aof the other members of the
thirteen original states. Above each of these
insignia was a banner bearing the name of the
state. Cushioned seats were provided for the
residenot and his cabinet who surrounded him.
and folding chairs were supplied for the diplo
matic corps, who were arranged immediately
behind him. On either side were seats for sena
torsa members of the house ofi representatives
and specially invited guests. The Iearest
stand to that of the president was assigned to
reporters oif the press. st had a soeing ca
pacity of 20 and the applicatIons to the press
committee numbered a little over 2000. The
vast treasury building was completely walled
in with stands. The principal one extended
along the entire front of the building along
Pennsylvania avenue, and had a capacity
for seating several thousand people. This
was an open stand, and was intended
to be occupied chiefly by the depart
ment employes and their families.
But the position most souglht after in connec
tion with the treasury building was the stand
onFifter ntrh twhrt. which commanded an un
obstructed view of the avenue all the way to
tge capitol On all the little parks and'opuhe
resgreation on the line of march, and on every
I--other available point, stands were erected to
vew theoue iosing the psarade.o
'Harrtson weather to the last" was thi
vountsryo exclamation which arose to thou
sandslof lips as the morning opened with a
heavy snow, which fcll in great soft flakos.
melting as they fell, hut which, driven by thre
wind, rendered umbrellas a useless protection.
The troops who were to participate in the
first part or the proceedings as the escort
of the r ttirig knd. eleetod.res
dents to the cap~tol presented pawintry tpper'
ance muffld h in their. snlw-eovered f overo tbs,
the guns of the artillery covered wh tar
palinsandcoveereadtwitshsno The
in the teets. were nearly all under un d trell
and theopen stands were shunnedtwhie then
covered ones wereeagerly sought. The odmi
yablenaphalipavements o Washington reduced -
-the discomfort to a minimum, and while there
was abldanco ofmoisture there-wee no mudr
At the capItol the thick and fastfalling sno-rc
gahatimade the inaugural stand on the main
essiporticoof the building, notwithstanding its
border of red, white and blue hunting, look as
cheerless and uncomfortable ase a lonely sea
-shoie pavilion with a nasty northeaster pro
grrei~sing~. The gray stoen walls of the
*' dsqgreressiona Uibrary opposite were out
~l inedl in1 misty shadows, and the
df- ·box house inclosing the atatue of
- - 4ecrgo Wa~shington on the eastern plaxa 100
-test~ fom the stand was desolate, and at 10
e/, clkh forlorn of even the enterprising camera
nrteta. for whose accommodation a platform
hattleea-ected On its top.
'fi;. Arc~hitect Clark of the capitol had a force of
i. weidilen astir keepi~ng the platform clear of
j;- iioyr in order tha; those persops 'Iho might
h~~r* ardihuood to broav ts rsorm and
notiioto heocmz~eled to suget
oithe coined~P ar
saethat the tr Fp~ttb~ B h
ofj the outside Mn~~d i'S
of the inaugurdaitl the en
Atr~rabmnent werS ~begun to
.tetfe platform
'y14test-,. dimensions
Ont""'~.-th @est he ya steps of
of -the tjla+L A railing
ssea-h tand and boards
br id behind American
the fitait ofl the siasn'l
~~'ws~s'X sarar had''c~an
ike cjitef Justtoa o
Z~~:r~ki9 .~f~LAs
f~ldd testa~eajatissihl
a - t'a tiheee e atute t folomwtowa. pe
issued as lie camtffmitt@@ of
e*ibit~tse~ of senatte-wins wereopened
thodoors the senate chamber were opened P
at os as. .o those etitled to admission, as
tellows: *
Whe president and president-elect, who en- ft
sered the- senate wig..yby .ttelaonae..doersth UI
the esat front. each aoeompanied by a meltnber i
^fthemztee of sin!'an nats. fahe i
ew mt directly to tae .sdent-s and k
th prensleaaelect to the-- vi utsan
room, whesre they remained until' they p
,te chamber. Haying been 3
keby the committee of arrange- i1
insetse. they-teol'he seats reserved for them In ='
tront of the presiding officer, the committee f
w eae eapying seats on their left.
t elect was accompanied to
e a herof the commit*e-d ar- a
Sroceeded to the vice-pres. a
he remained until he en. c
tere chamber to take the oath of P
3 to him by the vice-presi
The tia corps assembled in the y
saJceeded in a body, at 11:15 a
i,~ to rth eae chamber, where they oa
1 et ot right of the chair.
hu the assooiate. justices and
the ex-associate justices of the supreme court
oecupidd beats off the right of the chair. The
supreme court entered the senate chamber ,a
few inlates before the president.
Heads of the departmsnts. the major-general
Sthe army commanding, the admiral of the
pavy and ofeers of the army and navy. who. I
by name, have received the thanks of congress,
pocupied seats on the left of the chair.
Governors of states, ex-senators of the United
States. judges of the court of claims and of the s
suprene court of the District and the comiae:
stoners of tle District, occupied ,seats east of
the m1in entrance.
Members of the house of representatives on
tered the senate chamber by the main entrance t
at I:bi a. mJ}9 p ill oats on the right 1
of thie r ae ts atie corps.
A-A the d liatie of the senate, underf
the call of extra session was icompleted by the
w t th men rs-cle t *ose a is
mom t11e s ate hamber oceddo
th h roitind6 to Lhnplatform ja the
tral portico of the capitol.:
SOn reaching hoLrppLrtioo dent aft
president-ele. t took the seats reserved for
thepa the iet -jutiegong righitand a ser
geatte-at-'asmsof the senateon theieft.
The committee of arrangements occupied
seats next to the president and president-elect
Thee-vice-president and associate justices
of the supreine court, the vice-president. secre
terry and inefibef s of the senate occupied seats
on the right.
The diplomatic corps occulded the seats on
the left of the president. Heads of the depart
ments, the major-general of the army com
manding, thq Ahe admiral of the inavy and the
officers of the army and navy whohyl-ame have
received the 'tlinks of congress. governors of
states and ex-members of the senate took sects
west of the president.
The members and members-clect of the house
occupied seats reserved for them in the rear of
the above.
The oath of ofile was administered to the
president-elect by Chief Justice Fuller.
N-i i
Presidet Gq,*rer ,Ciereitand.
The Inaugural Atlras3.
?,r. Cleveland delivered his inaugural ad
dress as follows:
1.1 FElar.ruw-Cu3Txxy:-In accordance with
the mandate of the people of :ni country I am
al:out to delir"ute myself to their service under
the atic-tiou of a solemn onath. Deely mov-ed
by the expres-ion of eontidene--and personal
attachment which has railed me to this service.
I ant sure uy gratitude can malse no better re
turn than tia pledge I now give before Gond and
these witnesses of unre-served and connute;:.
devotion to the, interests and welfare of those
who have honored mne.
I deem it fitting on this occasion, while indi
cating the opinions I hold concernin t public
questions of present iaportance,h to also riefly
refer to the existence of certain conditions and
tendenttes among our people which seem to
menace the Integrity and usefulness of their
government.
While every American citizen must contem
plate with the utmost pride andl enthusiasm
the crowth end expansion of oulr country, the
stfiidsncy of our institutions to st:and against
the rudest shocks of violence,. the wonderful
thrift and entrprlts of our people. and the
demonstrated superiority of our free govern
ment, it behooves us to con. ttantly watch for
every symptom of insidious inftrmity that
threatens our national vigor.
The strong man who, in the confldence of
sturdy health. conrt:c Ihe sternest nctiviti.-s of
life and rejoices in the hardihood of constant
labor, may still have lurh~ine near: his vitals
the unheeded disease that dooms him to s-id
den collapcse. It can not be doutted that our
stupendous achievements sn a people and our
country's robust strength have given rise to a
heedlessness of those laws n.Avernine our na
tional health. which we can no more evade than
human life can escape the laws of God and na
ture.
Manifestly nothing is more vital to our su
premacy as a nation and to the benelcient per
poses of our government tlhan a sound and
stable currency. Its exposure to ,leracdation
should at once arouse to activity the most en
lightened statesmanship: and tile danger of
deprecation into the pIruhasncr power of the
wages paid to toil-should furnish the strongest
incentive to prompt and conservative caution.
In dealing with our present embarrassing
situation, as related to this subje.t. we a-il 1 1i-e
wise if we temper our confldence and faith In
or national strength and resources with
ie rank concession that even thn ree
will not permit o rs to defy witn h
impunity the inexoraled laws of mtnutce and
trade. At the same time, in our eforts to ad
just the dWiferences of opinion we should be froe
from intolerance or passion, and oor judgments
should be unmoved by ealtirin phrases and an
vexed by relfish interest.s I am confddent that
such an approach to the a;libiedt w-il ri,siult in
prudcent ondeffecive remedial letnfilation. In
the meantime, so far as the eolutive branch of
the govrnntent is concerned. no.or of the bowter
with which it is invested will he withhlc. whna
i t nhei exercois le isdemed to inauiRtai
our ln o-r Am avn egiat edin enur.
a~fseytsaofioheacritd tonlidn cce
aer dionuatrn trs h teFs to a die
regard ote rules ofnationall sety. anot
- ~ner ~cor~nfot 'w. St m~le4 seriou I refer
o t he pr vlao r n pl oac dispositlion to
e t fre therav eratoint ot hme government
specialanrd dtrect Idvidlual avan~tages. '-he
Iverdicot of our voters, which condemned tlbs in
Sjustice of manitadlning )iritle:lion ftr larot~c
tion's sake, enjoins -urpon the people's servantS
L- the duty of jexposing and destroying
I the brood o ided ,:vils w-hich
are the unwholesome progetty of 'junternaism,
This is the bane of republican instittillins and
the constant~ peril of our govrnmenrt by the
peoplde. It rdegrades to the pulrpiars o evlyr
Icatteplan to rule our fathers~ e:;talltished
Sand beqlueathed to us es an object of ottr love
and veneration, It perverts Ihe se~tnlo~n-t of
our countrymenc and tem it theta to ar pitiful
calelulatlon of the sordid' garin to b~e tlcris-ed
f remtheir governments maintenancet. it un
-dermines the self-reliance of our peop~le a1
,isubstituteti in Ies p lace -dependence tlpolt t'o I
o Iromental favorltc-sn. It stifles the lstunt ofI
I true axeelCnleenm and stuolniesN evey
o nobling trait ofAmerican ctznsxp
Thoelessons of paternaltsm oght· 10 be uln.
learned. and the better le~sson taught that whnile
Sthey pairlotically and cheerfullyv support thicr
government,. its support does not Inclulde the?
-f support ofthepeople. The acceptance of 11i
f pIlnindle leads to a reflsni of cntonitie whic
.t burden the labor and thrift of a p~rtion of or
citizens to aid. ill-advIsed or l,ingu~ish
tag entertirisesinwihte hae o
rconern. IL leads also -to tn thatleng.'
t of wild and recklessz pen-len cpspn
y diture. which ov-erloaps the I ounds of gint~r
ful recognition of patrioticr servi~ce andl brcosti I
tutes to vicious uses the peop~le 5 pronlpt an~
~ generous ilnp;·~lsto aid those disabled iii their
I-Every thoughtful man must realize the tin
0 portanue of checkilng at. its beginrnfin any ten
a dency in pahleo or private stat~ies, 10 regard
a frugality and econeelssa virtue~s whichwezrnay
saely oantglrow. T'he tolcratie, of thls idea re
isoslts in the waste of the peoplesr mnantirli
if thbir chosen-ser~ants;aad enouragesr proil igal
g fty and extravagance in the home life of our
5 ccmnt'-ym-n.
a Under our scheme of gos-c~rutent the waste
.d 4sl ilulio money is a (rime again-I the citizen,
SOtb otempt of otir po'l5 fOr ac-onona
r aad-ftualiit-. in their personal affairs de~plor
d ?d saps lhe strengthh ao. stn~r~iiulett of-our ,on
1- tioanl character.
df It-is plan tlcinie of ~oats'ty aix-i 5601 goV
a cram~at~ that- pyublicr expouditorer ah,mulJ be
Ins:
.e Vf thne-p- *
'a
seiqaa of work forg tief
eivli erpolicy andvlaws. Th Wu -
r dtfiw h this iasltsameasitg ande
thef el ' i promiae5. Petite
tad Is asupraa encouragement- o1f
h tosee:our public n rvie wolfer
famnaed, or who hope for te.easlevation of jj~
litleatf scIateat' and the purification ofpo iC
The exittonce of Immense lre tions of
kym entserprises and comnbinati ons of. but
n n ts iformed or the pur
pp0e o P i t Fiý rodctin ;and fxing
Or wltio Oight bnt with ithe
rmer en orsht tobem open to evards
indndeIpepdent activity. I.e itimate Strife in.
business should not be supersedes by rntes
forced ot celsioa to the demaads f combinea -
tiIs that have the power to destroy: nor
shon4 the peomj to be served lose the benefit
of achans watch usually results from whole- c
some competition. :o hee aggregations
and combinahtions constitute conspira
cies agatnst the Interests of the pee
pies, and In alt their aephases theyi
are prltusi and opposed to our' American.
sensebf fairness. To the extent that they can
be reachredsand restrained by federal power,
the trndal go ernmeat should relieve our citi
zes fose their interference ando exactions.
eLoyait to the princiwples upon which our
goverumeb rests positively demands that
the equality befiore the law - which mt
rguarantees to every citizeb should be
justly and in rood 'faith eonced
nal1 paerts of the land. The enjoyment oftris
ritothsna the badge of catntenship wrhresien
found, and unImpaired by race or colorn it p
pouead for rognition to American manliness
an faerless.
Our' relations with ihe Indians located with
in our border impose upon us responsihiaities
We. can no eseap Humanity and consistency
requoni us to treat them with firbearance. abd
in our dealings with them to honestly
and considerately regard theiw riclte
and interesian Every effort should ,Ce made to
lead th n t e paths of cializon and
enuc I trl r isoen andu - t odeonmden
citizej 'nit o meanttiael, as the nationt
wards, they should be romptly defended against
the cupidity of deslcning men and shielded
fromevery influence or temptation that retards
their advancement.
The peoe of the United States have deireed
that oi Ct., day the control of thet .govern
meat In its legislative and executive branhes
shall be glive-to. a political party pledged in
the dmhost positive terms to the accomplishment
t taroiff eform. They have thus determined
hr favor eta more jusi and equitable system of
federal taxation. rho agents they have chosen
to carry out thet purposesw are bound by their
promises, not less than by the copnand of their
masters, to devote themselves unremittingly to
this service.
While there should be no sirrender of princi
Sple, our task must be undertaken wisely and
without vidtctlveniess. Our mission Is not
punishment' baut the lrctiiication of wrongs.
If, in lifiing~burdensfrom the daily life of our
- people. we reduce inordinate and unequal.ad
c vantaes too long enjoyed, this Ie but a noons
sary incident to our return to right and jLus
riIer If we exact from unwilling minds acqui
escence in the theory of honest distrinu
tio or the fltlnd of governmental oenencence
treasured up for ai wea hut insist upon a riMn
ciple which underlies our free institutons.
f Wlsenwe tearaside the delusions and miscon
rceptjdlts which have blinded our countrymen to
their conditio under vicious tariff laws. prowe hut
show. them how far they have been led away
from dthe pths of contontment and pros
perity. When we proclaim that the
[necesaity for revenue to -pnort the
governmentl furnishes the only justification
for taxing the, people, we announnce a truth
so laintuhat Its deni at would seem to indicate
the extent to sih judgment, may be influencedr
by famiiaritd-ith perversions of the taxation
power: and when we seek to reinstate the self
conedene and bhusiness enterprise of our citi
zens. by discreditingc at abject independence
-upon governmental favor, we strivetostimulate
those elements of American character which .
support the hope of American achievement.
Auzxicty for the redemption of the pledges
which my party has made, and solicitude for
the complete jualstlication of the trust the peo
pie have reposed in us. constrain me to remind
thoso with whom I am to co-operate that we
can.succeed in utoing the workc which has been
especially set before us only by the most sin
cere. harmonious and disinterested effect.
Ercs if insuperable olbstacles and opposition
Aretvent the consummation of our task, we shall
hardly be cxcused: and if failure can icr, traced
to our fautlt and neglect we may be sure the
people will bold us to a swift and exacting a.-
countability.
'1he oath I now take to preserve. protect and
defend the constitution of the United States,
not only impressively defines the great re
sponsibility I. assume. but stggests obedience
to constitutional commands as the rule
by whic h - my otiihial conduct must
to guided. I shall, to the best of my abtlitae
and within my sphere of duty, preserve the
constitutitn by loyally protecting every grant
ef federal power it eantairs by dcfending all
its restraints when attacked ty Impatience and
restlessness and by enforcing its limitations
and reservations in favor of the states and the
peolule.
Fully impressed with the gravity of the duties
that confront te, mindful of my- weakness. I
should he appalled if it were my lot to hear un
aided the responsibilities which await me. I
am, however, saved from discouragement when
4 I remember that I shalt have the support and
the counsel and co-operation of wise and patri
otic men -ho will stand at my side in catbnet
Splaces or will represent the people in their log
lastive halls.
I tind also much comfort in remembering
that ley countrymen are just and genernus. and
rin the assurance that they wtll not condemn
those who by sincere devotion to their service
deserve theIr forbearance and approval. Alcove
all. I knowv there is a Stpreme Being who rules
the affairs or men and -hose goodness ant
tomercy have always followed the American pco
plc.; sant I know He will not turn from us now
if we hcmbly seek Hlis powerful aid.
On the conclusion of the ceremonies the mem
r hc-s o, the senate, preceded by the sergeant-at
.t arms. vice-presIdent tnd the secretary. returncel
to the setate chamber and the president. ac
't companictd by the committee of arrangemnts, I
'f proceeded to the ercutive mansion.
The Inaugural Ball.
I- iby ong custom the inaugural tall has Frown
.r to be almost as much a part of the regtlar cer
'r ensoniec; of inauguration day as the inaugural
a addrcess. It is the quadriennial tribute paid by
n politics to society. There have been but two
~- intermissions in the series of inaugural balls to
comomemorate the accession of a newly-elected
i- president since the days of Madison. and that
covers a period of eighty-four years.
d rE. It. Hay, chairman of the committee on
iin rat bhalt and promenade, was floor man
,f age and cath of the twelve sections into
.e which he divided the balltroom was in charge
it of an assistant. Chaitmet; Hay had his station
u- near the orchestra-and he communicated with
g is ids by means of electric signals. When a
ne siquare dance was reatly to begin, in each see
h itOut an electrIc annunciator made kuown that
es fact to Mc, Hay. and whett the last set in the
·h last section hail been formed, he gave the or
id der for the music to begin. The programme for
1-the concert, p~romenade and daciung~, was as
IC follo~Rs
15 - C(,NStgnT.
- rn naugrarl marchr. "The Great
huIepul lie- - - - - -Fe.. .........~nclulti
n Gland and orchestra. writiet for the occasion
and dodice ted 1.0 M~r. Clevetattul.
SSy.;mphonic. tunm ,'-lea Prelndcs-....Liszt
G.Crand selection. '-The Merc-hant of
Lu Vne- - - -inst
Fe Intasie comique. '-Tripto Mars' - Fanciulli
:eIDANCING AYD P5OINNIADE.
a Ii Walit. "Christmns Eve----T..... ..ones
CrI . Larnciers. -Fencing Master-...Deh-oven
t~ 3t. Poih~a. -- May heclls- --......Santeimano
to 4, Prometnade, "'Czarine- --.... .Ganne
C, T. Launciers. -- le of C~hampagne." -lc urst
us An WVattr,," Polar sta- -a ld.......ndc-uf
n- 7. Schottiache. --Ceuuttryy Band-.... Smith
e- It. Protnettade -Dive~rtisoment Espagnol""
is----------.Desermes
ug P. Lanciers, --lnternatlonai.- - -M.....~otes
-it 10, Protnetuade, "Ro:Ad to Moscow,-..Dc Lectz
a. It. ·Valtz. 'La Cittate. - - --........ dAuda
d 10, Promenadel, -Hal Costttmt·". -.Rubins.tein
to 13. Polka. Jolly StudentO' Ma~rch.'..-Fnhrbach
Iv Ii. Waltz. "iiachlor&' Fa\vorite"...Williams
tt 15. l'romennde. --Ncw York-......i-auciulli
ce 10. Vorke. "One H'ectrt, One Soul-'...Strauss
af 17, L~anciers. "Hitoin Hiood-......Do Koven
ti in. Waltz. "l'tspana- - - -W........ aldtettffe
-t in 19 olka. "I ··igh Sch'uol Cadet Ma~rch"·. --Sousa
a' The bal!l haod been in progress for some tlime
Id beoire the ttresidential party arrived. Many
tiipersona of distinction from alt parts of the
ar ountry,. senators, representatives, prominent
1politicians. goerttlorse of states, offcrse of the
n- army sttd navy,, diplomats from many lands
Is atitiftia ofilers--all these with thousands of
ricladies, formed the throng that passed
te throug~h the four great doorways of the build
is lerg and made merry inI the ball-room. It
:h is esitlmatedl that 10,15) people attended the at
ir I dr.ir. but only a small portion of thoes took part
it- in ihe dancig The throngt was too great to
.0 ardmit of freedom in the waltz and schottisehe
lat pldolka, and the Pt-esure nabut thes quare
n- sets was so intense that the revelers were
e- givenl~ut little space for thcir terpsiehoroaan
Li- volcltItons,
tI1 In the rooms prepured for the president and
Ic vIfc-preidentt the same lavish manner of
ulecoration and aderument that prevailed in the
a- Lanll-rrouc Wa-rs 1-epeated with even tnore pro
a- I fusin. Wherever the eye was cast were
rut flowers, silk and plush. Iteses predominated
sy in ltie flora'l drcorarttons-cren~t Americtun beau
-e- tics, sweet-scented~~ Macnao Chart~a and Uirie
v tirnuners, in every nook andeorner were plants
a~ndclut flowers that cot-Id net be surtassscd in
ur luauria~n~e and udecety of arrangement.
u Ihe presidents rooms, three In attmber, were
;to those used b-y lb.. ~orumissioner of ponstons
an. and his chifc clerk, the fit-st arrangeda as an
5c a nts room. This aflertmeat was covered on
-a- toll sideo with vine-, and ftuwcz-s. n-blile on ktie
it-ioi`ll~ -l santin tla~u~tr termed La lck
grofundl for utainitient noral pi)ECes, In the
v-j ipltx-sidieutu;i rosen~. tb-c sco!tt of~ ktie suite. theme
be were plnttt. I Shwers b:ltc Silirs inl i~rouslou
PesaQse ýnestse's*daIae snm AU 0
AShaptert4i eil~ar. eaesteastee "M:.
Swah5be~s h584peU uhame*hC WUr
Thores ae night membera in the ql~clai
fasiplL of hew paleident., o the United.
States and all ofthem have been chose;
have been niotifed of their appoint
ment, anid have' accepted the 1tist .s:
T'he lairw of presidential -suiodession
pased by the Fortyiiinth' congress, tn
caieof the death of boththe president
ad vice-president, oar their inability to
perform the duties of -president, the
members of -thercabineta sueced d to the
offic 14 the following order: 6ecretary
of.state, secretary of the treasury..sec
retai'ry ofiv'ar, attorney-general; post
matte rgeneral, secretairy of the navy,
jacretary-of -tie interior, secretary of I
agriewhUre, 1
Followipg are brief sketches. of the
public.1ife of the getlemen who have
accepted Mr. Cleveland's tender of cab- 1
inet honors:
" 1'
WALTER Q. elEsRAsi,
Secretary of State.
Walter Q. Gresham, Mr. Cleveland's choice
I for secretary of ptate, is better.known through
his former republican afrliution. His choice
for thenost important position in the cabinet
was a surprise. toaUll parties. but his thorough
accord with Mr. Clevelandon the tariff question
and his undanonaed qualliicantions. coupled with
unimpeachable personal integrity. probably
suggested his appointment.
The great questions now peading in the state
department-the Behring sea arhitration. the
Canadian railway matter, even the Hawaiian
qutestion-require the masterly hand of a great
lawyer to deal'with them. Such a hand Judge
SGresham can bring into Mr. Cleveland s cabinet.
When Arthur succeeded Garfield Gresham
Sbecame postmaster-general in the cabinet and
t made an exceligat record. Before the close of
Sj the administration he was appointed judge of
the Seventh judicial district. a position which
he has since held. His record on the bench is
well known.
The Seventh judleial circuit. involving the
Sholding of the Untied States courts at Chica
Sga. naturally brings within its jurisdiction
many cases of the first importance. Judge
Gresham has worthily maintained the high
Sreputation of the court which it obtained in the
- time of Davis and his successor. Judge Drum
I mond.
31 Judge Gresham's early career is a close copy
of that of many stalwart westerners, of whom
Abraham Lincoln was a good exemplar. He
was a native or Harrison county, Ind.. born
I March I. 1832. so that he will be e61 years of
age a few days after he becomes secretary of
Sstate.
SLike Harrisons ancestor. Gresham's grand
Sfather., George Greshuam, had come from Vir
ginia.
In 1P85 he was admitted to the bar and from
t that time till 1'60 was busy with a growing law
practice and with polities, in which he took an
interest from his boyhood. He also joined the
militia and was a captain when the wag broke
t out, so it.wns almost inevitable that he- should
1 - lead his neighbors into active service when the
I fighting began.
SHe started in as lieutenant-colonel of the
Thirty-eigrhth Indiana regiment, soon became
colonel of the Fifty-third Indiana. and, on the
[ recommendation of 1oth Grant and Sherman.
- was made a tbrigadler-general and placed in
[command of Natchez. During the "march to
Sthe sea" he commanded a division of the Sev
enteenth army corps. He was highly regarded
t by the late lamented McPherson. and on the
same day that McPherson was killed Gresham
received the wound that incapacitated him for
z further service.
n Judge Gresham is a six-footer in stature. and
e in his youth was called the handsomest follow
e in his part of the country. lTe has always been
s a distinguished man in his personal appear
t ante. Not only his height. but his strong
features, especially a very sharp pair of black
eyes, and a great shock of iron gray hair. at
tract attention. His face Indicates great force
, of chaiacter. although th -it square jaw is
.1 quite concealed lv the tristlintg gray whiskers.
n
/c /
-
JORI oRIFFIN CAl.LISL.E,
Scetretary of the Treasury.
rhe fact, that John Gritln Carlisle has been
chosen to fil the secretarythip of the treasury
in the Cleveland cnbinet hardly brings any add
ed honor to the great Kentuckian. He began
ct life at the bottom. and by his own energy, brains
ani force of character is littely 3o leave it at the
ti top. He was born in Kent ucly. September H.
18355*. He h1i a common school education only.
ued taught school himself while he prosecuted
"sthe preliminary studies of the law. He must
have been a precocious teacher, as he was ad
le mitted to the bar at 21. He still bears more re
st s.'mublancceo the pedacogue than the states
l man. He went into politics. as most Ken
th tuckians do, simultaneously with going into
law, and the very next year. 1(1559. was sent to
the Kentucky house of representaive.
tz Four years later he declined the
in nomination for presidentiai elector on the
in democratic ticket. and he went to the state
:h senate in 1866. He was then 80 years of age,
ans nd from that time forward rose rapidly in pop
. ular esteem. iHe was re-elected to the senate in
?n I8eO. In the previous year. however, *he made
el -his debut in the national political arena as
sa delegate-at-large from his state to the National
11 I4ilAocratic coitvcntiod at Nosy York.
3-l Honors fell thicker upon him and he was
he elected lieutenant-governorof Kentuckyin May.
at Ir81. and resigned his seat in the senate to ac
he cept the place. When his term expired he was
it elected a presidentlit elector from the state-at
oi large. The following year he was sent to con
Ld- gross. This was the Ferty-afifb congress. and
It he served from that time with growing distlnu
rf. tion untilge was chosen speaker of the house
irt of represeitatives.
to The congressional life of M1r. Carlisle has been
* one continuous triumph. From his advent up
a on the floor of the house to the day of'his eloc
nI tion to the speakership he was a controlling
I pirit.
td Mr. Carlisle won his sptrs in congress on the
, Carlisle internal ravenue bill in the Forty-.sixth
I. congress. From that hour he becemo the ree
re ognized leader of his party on the great ques
ed j tion of taxation-one which is less throughly
r understood than any other question of national
;l~ polity. He was the lif' nnd soul of the 3 Itr
i, cent. bank bill, which. under bhi able man
agement. was carried through the house.
re The measure afterward passed the see
as ate, but was vetoed by President Itayes.
rn The correctness of the bold stand assumed by
n the K.-nttcky statesman, that the government
'k- had the power and ability to refund it.s debts at
ho this k'wcr rete interest. was proved by the sub'
ro s.-crjuezsI a.tim of S*, retni-v Winidomn in thus re'
an inlurdingit writhltot any law whatever.
ca'
sia~i a~a haimabrai 55 m a
secetor or ntes ýar.
oeast o tthe 'gfted Senath s
ai. eaero qrPr ptay of the tres sit
ut o Ia a ootehiseat es a worts and d
bMoed man inteWrity. - " ppe .A e
" p5r~l~. ·
it
"o thc Mrweeln a cle im D
b
II
DANSIE~L SCOTT LALULIONT,
Secretary of Warr.
Diel ScottLamoniat. we h isoslated for theo
post of secretary wof war after March .isn
known to the country chiefly as the former prio
ratesecretary of President Cleveland. Mcateit'
imust not be forgotten " that he is a big and,
sorse man, and wellequipped nto fill the place
nto which Mr Cleveland has called him. "Dano
Lamont has been adpolititen from boyhood.
e Is 4': yeares old and a native of New York.
afterwafd
AMr0 Lamont's first work was as a elerk in his
father's store o n his nnn io e tonett te Cortlnd.
He uperorind this worke on the same 4rutos that
he attended the village school, where he was
fitted.for the Central academy, which succeeded
thera'bolitionl ts' college at the breaking out of
the war. He finished his . academic
course and entered Unioon college
in the class of ' r. It Is rememlbeted of
him that he was a diligent student and was I
usualy at the head ofhis class, so that.woa
fter experience mahes nonsense of the eoldrule
that'sa bright boy O school beoter aduncere
eafterwrd.:
A 20 Lamont was sent a egat be1
state convention at ibchhster in 1871. Thaet was -
a famous convention-the one that' followed
close upon the exposure of the corruption undler
Tw~eed.
Every step in the convention was on tested,
and. Lamont, is proud of saying that oman in
roll call he voted with Tilden. The fact at
tracted the 'afteantion of or. Tlden to thee bo
delegate from Cotleand. b far the youngaest
member of the convention-and ths thentwo
beame acqrainted. Tlden won: Twded's
delegates wemr thrown out, and the reform
delegates, under Oswald wOttendorser. were
seated.
The acquaontance that was thus begun bhe
tween Mr.. Tilden and Mr. Lamnt quicnly rip
enedinto a friendshh p that was never after
wards broken, Though b 'ramont was only :0 1
years of age, and was.not a leader even in his
own county. he ripened that friendship, which
resulted in his being closer to Tlden in the
counsels of the party than any other man in
his following. He was oiesent at eerfconfer
once that afterwards took place between Mr.
Tilden and his leading hieutonentsduring all
.the time of the canal investigation and all
through the presidential campaign and suhbse
quent contest of 1876 and 1177.
When Mr. Lamont was 21 he was nominated
ry the democrats for county clerk of Cortland
county, and came within atfew votes of revers
ing a maorlty that had stood at ird Wilon the
other side.o The next year found him rmnning
for thenassmbly on tce democratic ticket. and
again he had the prize at the ends of his fln
gers. but lost it by a very few votes. That was
in 1874, and Mr. Tilden, who was then elected
governor. sent for Lamont to go to
Albany, where he rain became dep
uty clerk of the assembly. Subseq uently
he was appointed chief clerk of the
state department under Mr. John Bigelow. Hize
intimacy with Mr. Tilden still distinguished
him, and he found himself one of the young
men wham the gorernor called about him for
assistance in morking up is organization of hoe
party in the state. Others ol that body guvard
were senator David B. Boll, the late Edgar two
Apgar, Charles S. Fairchild. William A. Beach,
Horatio Sey~mour. Jr.. and William It. Smith.
Taking to politics as a duck does to water. be
busied himself in ah the campaigns that fol
lowed up to the year when he went to Washing
ton as the secretary of President Cleveland.
When the Cleveland movement first made. its
appearance in New Yorl state poll ties Lamont
was one of the men who helpe to pull the
strings, and Cleveland'r success in the nomd
nating convention. n which lie took the prize
from maen. Slocum, was largely due to the line
work of the Cortland politician, who had grad
uated under the snae of Gtammcrty Park.m
Lamont werkedery Cleveland's election pre
cisely as he had fo the previous candidates of
his party, and after the election Mr. Cleveland
sent for him to go to Buffalo. The two
spent some dany together talking of state
ffairs and politics generally and arrng-e
ing for the gathering of data at Albany
by Mr.Lamont for thel new governor's first
message. Thait was the first time Clevroela
and Lamont hadoer met. Again, before fur.
Cleveland's inauguration as governor. Mr. La
montSvisited him ciery alo and the post of
military secretaryrn his ostAfl was ofered to
Lamont.
But whaen Cleveland re.ched Albany and was
inauguratws as governor he nskoed Mr. Lamont
to dine with him. He then said that he had
not made up his mind whom to choose for his
private seAl try l andr asked If Mnr. Lamont
would not serve in thnt capacity untila perma
nent seretary was chosen.. Lamont assented
and a dayortwolat it was agreed that he
should keep the placre.
In 1. 1 Mr. Clevhelan retired to private life.
and ent to New York to practice law. Mr.
Lamont hadl many ofers from business men
who thought him a forceftie and many-sided
man. but the oner that suited him best wafyscone
that came from William Cf . Whitney and Oliere
T. Payne. with whose surface railway profects
in hew York he joined his fortunes.
ciV
r· Ii
H.~JLSOTT LAITHf,
Secretqry of the InWair
DaitMre Sote nh t h. h6a bie shted for toh
ecst tofse retaer dofar tatmer Ma recho. is
own to thnneountr he y as tehn fcormc ri
va.te ecretitry of Presnident Culevead Hilnty ita
mus not be fowtte at thatb uives a-o Abigand
bro ad man, d wet equipped to fillre the plce
to whichM Clevieln has callen ad him. "D an'o
Heis 1 ear poold ndt ah naieoncy of New York.
Mr. Lamoamutafrst wrk was ass drk In his
f athorsetorte in in entiea tow oJ~ Costlend
HItperfwzfi this or onted same 4hr-s thtc
I~~ hnhe attended thevllg seboilmr where h a
fited for the Cenral academy, whihsueed ted
theFort-litinita ort-li e a oth-e beaking Iout of
Th war~ht. He fy-inished hlist academlS-ic
iicougrses and rentered Unon t Ffyscolle
ionthe* lss of *T2 Iti em embt. e redvn .0tl vof
him tha ewsadlgn tdn a a
psull a therb hasd of isebe class, a so that a
afmniter exerene omake nonsense~ of the old rul
tha a rgh oyii col eoSa uc
afteward
A 110Lamnt assnasadlgttoteI
cloeuo the epsretr of thecontrupiollune
Eve ry stepr Sinthe coveton was~e cioa tested.
rolcal the voted wit Tnldent. The facte at
bcameori acqhuained Tildn u-h~won. Twded'e 4
deleate weere throwne a out, tradthe reform t
pole oaor td he di wilt ' '
do jr work for Clerolana, which h 414 with -
Georgia was the Hl aW tronghold in "the
south. He Sought the 111 ;forces. to the last
ditch and completely demoraUiqd them.
After the nomination df Mr. Cleveland he
made speeches in every., prt of Georgia.
going everywhere on his own maeomit, pay
ing his own expenses and conducting a cam- it
paigajtapot two llnes,,epa insupport of tariff re-, f
form nd atue other urn tble chsn~e~ O th
candidate for president. t0"
Hoke Smith is more than six feet high, and
weighs about 2M pounds. He has excellent tea- 1
tures, and.hislack of beard or mustache makes ]
hid look live years younger than ho is: Ed hia
a complexion of 'desthly pallor, but 'there i I
nothing sickly about him.
He walks rapidly, but without grace. In girth I
he bears a striking resemblance to Mr. Cleve
lanu. He stands very well as a lawyer, but f
chief fame has been won as a politician.
wniso sxot lst.
WILSON SHANNON BISSELL.
Postmaster General.
Wilson S. B!issell;, an old friend and former law
partner. has been chosen by Mr. Cleveland to
suoeeed Udhnr- W telP5'
'oral. Mr.. Bissel has not a astional
dither as a lawyer or politician. Years ago he
was a law student under Mr. Cleveland, and'bd
has ever since been one of the ex-president'e
most devoted admirers. It was upon the advice
of Mr. Bissell that Mr. Cleveland becatoz
a candidate for mayor of Buffalo. and it
was M1r. Bissell who helped to manage trie
canvass for the ibernatorial nomination
which rendered possibleo Mr. Cleveland a's
nomination for the presidency. Mr. Bissell
is one of the leaders of the bar of western New
York. a man of fle intellect and resolute and
forceful character. He married the college
chum of Mr. Clevelandis wife, and the relations
between the two men have all along been close
and confidential.
Not long ago a newspaper corresponide.t
asked Mr: Bissell what he regarded as the so
cret of Mr. Cleveland's success,. and he prompt
ly replied: "His untiring industry and energy.
allied to unflagging honesty and an abundant
stock of hard common sense. His mind."
he continued. "is eminelntly impartial.
and he would have made a splendid
judge. As a lawyer he prepared himself
thoroughly for the trial of a case. end once
enlisted in a cause he carried the battle to the
Send. He never belonged to the class of money
smalking lawyers, he met the poor client and the
rich one on the same footing,. and he often gave
his services to those in distress without the ex
i pectation of compensation. To younger mem
1 bers of the bar he was always most generous
Sand helptul. I think It can be most truthfully
Ssaid of Mr. Cleveland that never in his life has
he slighted any task he has undertaken."
SIn the work of aligning the ex-president's
Sforces for the struggle against Tammany at
Chicago. Mr. Bissell proved a strong ally to
the resourceful Whitney.
It is understood that Mr. Dissell could have
had a portfolio in' the first Cleveland cabinet.
but at that time he was not in a financial post
tion to meet the exactions of social life in
SWashington on a cabinet member's salary.
Since that time he has increased his fortune
,and that didiculty does not now stand in the
way.
e,-
'I',
. 71
3-.
C IICHlARD O.LYE,
Attorney General.
s Richard Olney was born in Oxford. Mass.. in
t i5. He Is a graduate of Brown university-und
SHarvand law school. His only political ven
ture was when he represented the Second Nor
folk district in the legislature in 1874. 'this
was the year when there was a great overturn
a in state politics. Dr. Wm. Gaston defeating
Gov. Talbot by nearly 8,t00 votes. In Mr. 01
s ney's district there was a close contest. In the
t face of the returns he was only five behind. A
d recount made the vote a tie, and on a new elee
s tion he won the seat. His democracy
It has been of the stanchest kind.
L- Twice he has been offered a Massachusetts
d justiceship, but declined. having the last offer
e from Gov. Russell. A few years ago he wasi
the democratic candidate for attorney-general
of Massachussetts. His name was mentioned
r. to President Cleveland when the chief justice
n ship. now held by Mr. Fuller. became eacnnt.
d As counsel for the Boston & Maine. the Atchi
e son., Topeklta & Santa Fe and the Chicago. Isar.
r lington & Quincy railroads he has been kept
S quite busy. succeeding the famous legal light.
Sidney Bartlett.
Mr. Olney has always. so far as known.
afiliated with the democratic party, except
when the party in Massachusetts took tip G(en.
Dutler and made him its candidate for govern
or. Mr. Olney refused to support Gen. Butler.
He makes a sacrifice financially In accepting a
cabinet position.
Is
JULIUS RTERLING BOUTONf
n- Secretary of Agriculture.
J. Sterling Morton. of Nebraska, is to succeed
th Secretary Rush at the head of the department
he of agriculture. Mr. Morton is a native of New
or York and has reached the age of 61. He is of
e Scottish ancestry. He was educated at Ann
Tg Arbor. Mich. In IIte ho was elected to the Ne
re brasca territorial legislature. In 1855 he was
he secretary of the territory and became acting
governor on the resignation of Gov. Richard
son. In tied the democrats nominated him for
id congress and he was defeated by David tutlcr.
es Mr. Morton represented Nebraska at the Paris
a- exposition. and takes pride in having been thu
originator of Arbor day. Mr. Morton is said to
favor full free trade.
to -A few fortunate persons have heard
the story of Fighting Bob Evans' en
counter with the Chillans from Fight
ing Bob himself, and it makes a thrill
ing narrative. ilis firm dealing with
the Chilian admiral made Commander
Evans the object of peculiar hatred
ashore, andihis subsequent threat to
destroy any Chilian torpedo boat that
sald so mach as graxe the side of tiso
Yoristown added to the intensity of
this feeling. lie tells the story with
outostentation, but when it is told the
hearers realize that his coolness and
audacity probably saved the United
States flag from insult and the York
town from indignity, if not damage.
-Her Excuse.-fIe- "So you have
been dancing witlh that cad Flashpot
while I've been to get your ice?" Rhe
n- -"iVell, dear, I thought I would get
e warmed up so as to enjoy the ice."
en Judy.
"sa:4e., -_vtlNI4is ";
two a
Dr e5.- Ineom lhn Vim.
11. ,ýsveanseu e Maw. l:
WAS&gIiror, March 3.-
ton tendered it night by
dent and Ms.. Morton ,to "
dent-elot and Mrs. Stevenan.a0t4bii
residence: egadcoth GrCigne, -
other deviatlon ,by-'r":m
the traditions iU. dI
It was an unpreced.ented - 'l
ouigoinir vice preksdef it'6Sit4 any
reebgnitldn, official y eea6Ol l
successor, the exohasge 'of sehi n
plinents having heraejof r
Slned to the. occupants-o.
tial chair; but when
sued,givingnotifaton o e vicetesi
dent's intfa#o)" g
cessor, it wit eft 'f bb a kra'db~ and
proper courtesy. Ifitt'tile inspiration
of the affair was" mo pe mBe pwrely
official. 'Mr. Morton had erpeatd inthe
house of representatives tf the 'Forty.
sixth congress With'"ar'. 'SWtEnsona,
and ever since t1 di'rabd 'exsted 'be
tween them a siceri mutual 'e t
and regard. .
In anticipation of the eevest,. Mor-.
'ton's elegant. mansion had.been deco
rated with palms, ferns.sligas. plants
and cut flowers. Mr. and Mrs.,Morton
received their guests in the doorwimy
separating, the parlor -from 'the cdr
ridor, out bf which rises the grand
staircase, and which occupies the cen
ter of the west end of the.bouse. At
their side stood Mr. and Mirs. Ste
on, to whom the passing thron --- -
.dntroduced in turn by the-host. It was
a distinguished and representative
gathering that greeted the. noey
official and his wife. The invitations
nupmbered 000, and but .vew of the re
cipients failed to respond in person.
but there was no crush to interfere
with the fullt enjoyment of the event
by all present. There were the stems
bers of the senate, almost en mass,
with whom Whir. Stevenson will be a
intimately associated the next
four years;. 'members- of the 'bi-,
net; assistant secretaries of the
departments. heads of bureaus; Nlew
York and. Illinois delegations in the
house of representatives; justices of
the supreme court of the United States
and of the District of Columbi', and of
the court of claimns; the diplomatic
I corps in all the brilliancy of the in
Ssignia of their severalerders and hon
ors, the heads of the armv and navy,
and a good sprinkling of the subordi-*
nate oifficers. In addition to these offi
cial guests, the vice-president and Mrs.
Morton presented to Mr. and Mrs.
Sterenson a large number of their per
sonal friends.
During the evening an admirable
Smusical progralnme was rendered by
t the famous Marine band, under its new
leader, Prof. Fanciulli, and an elegant
Scollation was served in the dining
room.
Among the guests were the members
Sof Mr. Stevenson's party, who accom
p anied him from Bloomington, includ
e ing his son and daughters.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Abstract of theo Sfolataly Jinrlaelal State
rent of the Treasury Depart5ient-A
Net [,ncrease I thlae Debt of e815,6009.14
for the 31onth of February.
1VAS1INOTOy, March 2.-A slight in
crease of the net debt of the United
States was the result of opprations pf
the treasury department in February,
as shown by the statement issuedl es
terday afternoon. The exeact amount
was V115,499.14,. made up as follows:
IncreaRe or interest-tearing cdolt...9 800 0O
V:, rense of non-interes t-earing 1
del't........................... ... 1.P81 tC
Decrense of cash in the treasury... 11.1:3.9O9 14
The balances of the several classes of
debt at the close of business lFebruary
"S were:
Iiterest-tearaing ebt..............*385,031.Od 00
Dett on which interest has ceased
since maturity .................... 2.Ol.3.a10 .
.d Deit tearing no interest........... 75.P1..887 37
r. Total........................... 903.ils.23 90
Ia There was in the treasury at the
n same time a total of $7,4,332. 20. 78 in
cash. The gold was 36257,077,947.01.
1o against $22t,S:7,532.53 at tile close of
A the previous month; paper, 658.547.
2- .273.:, which was 60o,0:37,&85.28 the
month previous. and $Sf81,.>i:X 5 "
t deposits in nationjctlbul k depositories.
r etc., a decrease of :3149,307.23. Against
tthis volume of cash11 there were out
tstanding ! 001.82.i,4(3 coin and currency
e- certificates and treasury notes and $38,.
t. 365,832.00 miscellaneous liabilities, such
i- as national bank note redemption
fund, disbursing officers' balances, etc.,
th leaving a cash lnlance on hand includ
ing the $100,000,000 legal tender gold
n, reserve, of Qt1i.128,087.SS. This was
p $1,120,890.14 less than at the close of
. the previous month.
r.Receipts for the month were $80,009.
e 892.u3, divided a aong the following
sources, as sta ted:
Customs ......................* 18.010&0t
Internlal revenue~..................11.3268321 Ii
Na'ioa~iml btt (i·~(icrl.5sit fund..........'111,570 4.1
Mi-rcellanirois... ............ 11144914 581
The expenditures amounted to 631,
77.4 54. as follows:
Pensiln. 'a............... .........S 13.494.ein 20
Redemption national PanSi notes.. 811,191 (o7
tnl~c'rrht. .................. ........322.2134 ci
Ordiasry................... ....... 17.019,16585l
In lFehruary, 18112, the receipts were
C.90,755.904.75. and expenditures $27,
482,050.13.
A Flurry Among the Easteran Banks,
WVASHmsGTON, March 2.-The comp
troller of the currency is advised thht
the defalcation of Assistant Cashier
Redwvine, of the Gate City national
bank, of Atlanta, Ga., will foot op 695,
000. 'Th~e bank will probably be re
"d opened soon and the necessity of put
2 ting it in the hands of a receiver
'o avoided.
re- All Entire Family Cremated in a Barning
as itcRsideneu.
nj GREENVILE, Ky., March 2.-The res
br idence of Cyrus Lee, about four tsiles
r. north of Greenville, was consumed by
is fire Tuesday night. The occupantsCyrus
hi Lee, sister and brother, wife and child,
10 were burned with the building. There
is no one left to tell how the fire origi
'd nated. Nothing was known of'it'until
n- yesterday morning. 1Irs. Miller was
it- ide of the victims. She was the wife
I- of Thomas Miller, a miner of Bevier,
Lh who, it will be remembered. lost a
er 4-rear-old child about six weeks ago at
Se Bevier, when his house was burned.
t Carriage and Wagon ME1kers on a Sltrie.
CImcAoo; March . 9a--Nine hundred
of union carriage and wagon makex's in
1.' Chicago went on strike yesterday
a morning. They dleianded nine hours
d for a day's work instead of ten, with
d tie same pay, and that the piece-wern
k- ers be given an increase of tO per cn lt.
A number of firms.have granted 'he
demands and out of the 1,500 makers he
re the citi- 000 returned to work. lfour
ot of the largest manufacturers, Sbr'
ie baker, Kimball, Sherman and Smith,
et still hold out, and say they will raJin
- t.ain that position. These fottr anne
ployed 000 of the atrIkers. ,J