·",i;. L ·' .°., • ....• "Y U /~ ~~ •...I... * ': " ' , -- '... :`-I- ·, ··· --' • "' _, • . - - ~- _ ,,~;,,- .,,?.,  
IIAFAYETTETGAZET¶¶
- " VOLUME II- LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1894. NUMBER BL
I. . .. , . * N U M B E -S -- -
i;~ .. '
-- nii • • i • hu u| | m m |I n
*i BROS.
-DBALERI IN
general
Merchandise.
Lowest" Prices Consistent With
SQuality of Goods.
IJacel. Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOuis NOLLIVE,
v 'Watchmaker,
Jeweler
/ and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Sallue Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awatded at Exposltion of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
mialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARML COIVENIT
. LAFAYETTE. LA. d
The system of education includes the ii
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every v
attention will he given to the health b
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
. eor terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE ,
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY 8HOP. 3
Near wneak nltldilag.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor. "
Lowest prices, consistent with work O,
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed. tl
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.i
Office on Buchanan Street. na
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND e
NOTARY PUBLIC, W,
Lafayete, La. be
R. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA. spy
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
AttorneyVs amt Latv, a
LAFAYETTE, LA. as
to
Sidney Veazey, h
LIVERY pe
ter
AIEDStable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot. ",O
First-class rigs at reasonable price. wat
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE, LA. ago
jan 17. old
C. DEBAILLON, i
LA WYE. oug
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary sibl
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su- it."
proeme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAFPA'ETE, LA. spev
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP. Ee
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. plac
THE "OLD RELIABLE." fors
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. ro
bolt
-AND- bolt
her 1
Sale Stablei
. COISTAITII, Propriator.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A prvatiioner in the State 2 years, eald
and i," Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls knif
attention to his new and successful treat
menkof the ospireatory organs. Medi- th
ell;zsalations° bombined with consti- Th
tiutonal trestment affording a cute s deatl
Com_bmption, in the frat and seooad have
-pe o&IUthtey-follow ozeotly the treat. had
eIaftnls a4d ehronic diseases in gen that
O :'~G.GUI LBEAU,
Notalr P. ublic. ed
. Jastice of the Peace.
ircarpaae of IMuY at see
.0*
WHEN PIOKY HADTHiE MEASLES.
We fonde we had o hide hiLshoss
His stockings, trosers. walstoeeat. ocat
* And taea he vowed he'd lan oe Sne's
Pink gingham. and hs'dofiad his boat
And have a lark. He wouldn't stay
In bed sad swallow nasty stuffI
And thus hbd fret snd tess all day.
Oh, there was Interest quite enough
When Dickr had the measlesl
On Monday he was eloquent:
"I say now, mother, since I'm sick.
K must 1ie like a nobby genW
What it Old Spectacles does kick?
e See, here's a lunch list: five cream tarts,
Three red bananas, and some dates,
A coffee cake and walnut heartsI"
it We sadl thought of pearly gates
When Dicky had the measles I
On Wednesday 'twas, he called for Bess:
"Hallool Come in and read a story.
That's it; the page is turned. I guess.
L ow give us tights and een all gory.
Lie still, Don Carlo-sh--h--you'd best!
Was that a Cossack rede the horse?
All right, go on. Oh. skip the rest.
That's only love." This was, of course, t
When Dicky had the measles.
On Sunday in a steamer chair
The service over, in the glare
Of sunlight, on awwooden perch.
Sat freckled Dicky with his chums; P
His tengue was running like a streak. f
We're thankful now, whatever comes, h
It can't surpass that awful week
When Dicky had the measles! o
--Ana M. Williams, in N. Y. San. t
A TELL-TALE DICTIONARY i
SWords Painfully Marked in Blood
ad. Solved a Murder Mystery.
police at the Kensington road police
station was preparing to go home, it a
being eight a. m., and his night ti
duty over, when he was stopped by an c
elderly woman, who rushed excitedly
the into the room and cried: m
lsic "O, do send some one, sir, to 118 w
cry Wernham road. My poor old master's tI
lth been cruelly murdered. lie's lying in t
his room in a pool of blood like a river co
-it. must 'ave been done in the night. fri
SDo come at once, sir."
On the way to Wernham road the in- ni
spector questioned the housekeeper. to,
"Who sleeps in the house besides pr
yourself and the old gentleman?" he ho
asked.
"Not a blessed soul, sir," cried Mrs.
Masters. "Only me and my poor old spl
master. Sich a nice, regular man as
he was, comin' 'ome every night to 'is
re tea, and always in bed by ten o'clock. I
L O, it's a cruel thing." o
to "Did anyone visit him last night a
that you know of?" asked the inspec- atr
tor. In:
"Not that I know of, sir, but to tell So
you the truth, I was in bed myself r
early last night, 'avin' a bad attack of an
S'eadache. The old gentleman always na
let 'imself in with 'is latchkey, as lie Du
nat'rally would. He come to bed after stn
•. I was asleep, for I never 'eard 'im come by
in.
"His supper was always laid out a
( ready for 'im in the dinin' room, and he
wouldn't want no waitin' on, so there o'
was nothin' wrong in my bein' off to uy
bed as I did, 'avin', as I said, a bad tall
'eadache, and bein' very subject to sick dya
'eadaches, which, as you may know, ink
sir, are very unpleasant, to say the tha
least of them, and-" mu
C "Was the supper eaten?" said the in- 0;
spector, interrupting the woman's elo- wor
quence. is,
"Well, sir, to say the truth, I've not In
thought of lookin'. Directly I see 'im toll,
a lyin' there I off to the station as 'ard tion
as I can go. I can't sleep in the place "1
to-night. That I can't." Foo
By this time they had reached the l in
house and went up stairs. The in- mom
spector and his man went in and locked mar
the door behind them. A knock was the!
heard at the door. plan
"Can I come in, sir?" said Mrs. Mas- All
ters. TI
"Certainly," replied the inspector. ing
"Open the door, Jenkins; we shall all
want her, no doubt." sear
"Poor, dear man," cried the lady (S8
again when she saw the body of the TI
old man. "The monsters!" She burst the
into tears. The
"You had better go for a surgeon," the
said Mr. Bevis to the constable. "He very
ought to see the body as soon as pos- the
sible. as we shall want his report on chin
it." A
"While the man was gone the in- paps
spector, accompanied by Mrs. Masters, wert
visited every room in the house. rout
Everything was orderly and un- to c
touched. cona
"The assassin must have left the it
place by the ordinary means of egress. Mr.
for all the win'dows were locked. The Afte
front door, Mrs. Masters told the in- bees
spector, would no doubt have been un- asks
bolted in any case, for Mr. Mayne (her Her
master, the man who lay dead) never his i
bolted it' if he let himself in, leaving Ca
her to do so
"They reached the dining-room and od
found that the supper had been eaten. impl
The bottle of ale was'finished, there
remaining only a small portion in the use
tumbler; The old man had evidently an
made a hearty meal and gone to his left
roam. maki
·The constable returned in half an hind
hour with the divisional surgeon, Mr. lob
Brookes. That gentleman made a
minute exampination of the corpse, and
said that the cause of death was a Cu:
knife wound in one of the veins of the Who
thigh. caus
The old man must have bled to of it
death, and the process of dying must a to
have been prolonged-bhe should have once
had an opportunity of ealllng for help. nal,
Mrs. Masters was certain, however, tion
that he had not done so. ' sat i
"I'm a light sleeper, gentlemen," nine
she said, adrtetsing the three men, ery. i
and the slightekt thing wakes me. If crst
he'd cll0d outfat the door I must have diio
'ead 'Im--it's-a eartainty. talk
'Qite ao," said the surgeon. "I ar th
hab* o doubt, my god.woman, that hear
y-ou am not at alldi blame, but we when
shall, of orse, go fuirther lato the sq&e
Sthiangrat thelaquest. Atpweent there and,
·seemaS hrii ho show by whose hand abou
- 6P·~, heve," t e dofit
LES. uatrgeon, glaneing at it. "By Jove,"
he cried, suddenly, as he turned over
oca, the leaves-what's this-every now and
then I come to a word against which
't there is a mark in blood. This is
strange."
"Is it blood, or red ink, sir?" asked
Mrs. Masters. "I know my poor old
master used to study a good deal, and
it is just possible he has been marking
words down in that book which he
might want to look up again."
S "There's no mistaking, it's blood,"
said the surgeon holding the book to
ward the light, "and fresh blood, too.
If I'm not very much mistaken, this is
some sort of clew to the mystery."
Is: The inspector took the book from
the surgeon and glanced at it keenly.
"Upon my word," he cried, "I be
lieve you're right. There seems
something methodical in these oc
casional marks of blood against cer
tain words; this is going to be inter
eating."
At the coroner's inquest the follow
ing report from Inspector Bevis was
put in, but read privately, as the in
formation contained therein would
have been harmful to the negotiations
of the detectives who were running
, the suspected man to death.
It rain as follows:
On the morning of September IT of this year
I was called to 118 Wernham road, Kennington
lane. at which house Richard Mayno., the de
ceased, resided.
)od After making all the necessasy arrange
ments, Mr. Brookes, the surgeon, called my
attention to a large dictionary which was on
a chair within reach of the deceased. Through
of out the book certain words were marked in
blood.
Thinking this strange. I made an investiga
,it tion of the book, which was an ordinary die
'ht tionary, evidently used by the deceased in
an connection with his literary work.
I determined on a plan of setting down on
y paper every word indicated by the crimson
mark, on doing which I had the following list,
118 which I give in the order in which I discovered
tr's them, going syatematically through the die
tiouary.
SMasters goodby to my I invention oldesS t
rer communicated for cannot dictionary is plans d
ht. friend to the move has him dynamo from in
murdered the I here me details intended to to
in- night foolishly plans of to getting my patent
or indicate next paper the dull new month so
mark this murderer street dying his Borough a
lea property name he drawings Whitelaw stolen I i
he house has stone Jasper blood to my I,"
On going over this for some time I began o
piece by piece to put it together. I picked V
rs. out first of all two words which seemed con- f
lid spicuous, namely. "Jasper" and "Borough." ti
as Evidently the first was the name of the man
'is connected with the deed, and the second was
the district of London known by that name. 5
I next picked on the word "dull," which as an ii
ordinary adjective seemed out of place in such ii
lit a dying speech, and I at once remembered the
street called "Dull street", which was situated
In the borough. There seemed no doubt that it
the address given was in D)ll street, borough, t
t1 So farsogood. el
ilf Finding no other use for the words "a tone"
of and "house," I ventured to use them an the
name of the residence in Dull street, which
s made my information read; "Stone house, rc
ie Dull street, borough." On looking up the m
er street. surely enough I found the corner house
me by that name.
After many hours' toll, twisting and turning,
I at length got the words out into some sort of
at shape. and this is how they read:
-e "Jasper Whitelaw Stone House Dull street
re Borough has murdered me tonight foolishly
my oldest friend all my drawings he has stolen be
plans property I communicated to him the de
KL tails and plans of my new invention for the
k dynamo to patent next month I intended to get SC
ink or paper cannot move from hero and mark at
e this so in dictionary my blood to indicate the tli
murderer his name is I am dying all Masters
goodby I L"
a- On going over this again I transposed certain
Swords, putting the nfrst two words, "Jasper is
Whltelaw.," after the phrase "the murderer a
is," which made the lines read more clearly.
In the end, after great labor. I arrived at the
n following, which I submit for the considera- d
d tion of the authorities: th
e "My oldest friend has murdered me to-night th
Foolishly Icommunicated to him the details
and plans of my new invention for the dynamo fa
• I intended to patent next month; I cannot
i- move from here to get ink or paper, and No e
d mark this dictionary in my blood to indicate dr
the murderer. His name is Jasper Whitelaw. th
Stone house, Dull street, Borough. All my th
plans and drawings he has stolen. I am dying.
- All property to Masters. Good-by.'"
The above is my report. To this I have noth- lee
ing further to add. Attached hereto are the eIS
dictionary, my rough drafts of the solution and tir
all the memoranda I made to assist me in the
search. la
7 (Signed) JoaN DAVIs Bvxa.
This report was read privately, and lot
t the detectives went to work at once. she
The man Whitelaw was captured at any
the patent office, where he was in the bri
very act of filing his application for ta
the patent of the new dynamo ma- an
i chine.
At his lodgings in Dull street the vil
papers and plans belonging to Mayne she
were found. Finding himself sur- ins
rounded by testimony which seemed bei
to come from the grave he made a full sgg
confession. stre
It seemed that he had met his friend A
Mr. Mayne on the evening in question. yes
After sundry drinks together Mayne egg
became communicative and eventually she
asked the other to come to his house. s
Here he explained tohim the details of
his invention. reti
Carried away as he was by the ex- ear]
citement produced by the liquor he goe
told all to the man, whom he trusted
implicitly. But TVhitelaw, seeing the mal
prospect of a mighty fortune in the the
use of the patent, had stabbed the old be
man with his large pocketknife and par
left him on the floor bleeding to death,
making his escape easily and without
hindrance by the front door.-Boston
Globe. C
The Ceosmion of Mirth. a p
Curious how contagious mirth is!
Who at times hasn't laughed just be- gthL
cause others laughed, when the cause
of it all was a mystery? "'I attended I
a town meeting in a Maine village cole
once," says a lady friend of the Jonu- J
nal, "and tried to give serious atten- I
tion to the afairs under discussion. I too
sat in the gallery tith other feini- the
nines, and as confusion prevailed ev- Ii
ery. few moments among the 'lords of wea
creation' down below, I found it a •es
difficult matter to understand all the W
talk. Something wasaid by a spak- arch
ar thdt provoked a lIaglh, but I didn't gati
heasr a word of it and couldn'ft tell muo
where the joke camne in. A Idy who han
sqtnext to me Jaughed immoderately, W
and, of course, I thought she knew all espe
about it, and Ipolitely asked herwhat aJi
it wasr that. pleased them so. 'Oh, I melt
do,'t know',' she replied between her mIn:
:ao't kaew what it was' but ft must o -
ha's been somethnhg awfully funny! tile
wentarata.-Le 3
Ioe,. FARM AND GARDEN.
vhich PRESERVING EGGS.
si, is What Muas me Does to Insure Lunces and
a Iwr Proat.
hsked When preserving eggs qse only strict
r old ly fresh eggs and in packing the eggs
, and should not touch each other'as one
!king bad egg will spoil the whole. Eggs
h he collected at neighbors' or at stores will
not answer, as even the most obliging
god," neighbor may unintentionally impose
I to- a stale egg on you. Eggs from hens
too. not in company with cocks will keep
dim is
from ro
anly.
be
was 0 i * n k Hence, f
cer
Ilter
low
Sin- DEVICE BOB TURNING EGOS. I
ions three times as long as will those from
Wing hens mated with cocks. Hence, after a
hatching is over, remove the males, as s
the hens will lay fully as well without v
year them. Keep the eggs as near 60 de- a
n grees as possible, but 70 degrees is not a
too high. Keep them in a cool place
,use in summer and do not let them freeze r
I my in winter. Be sure and turn the eggs ,
S on at least twice a week or the yolks will 4
ugh- adhere to the shell, no matter how t
they may be preserved. This may be
tlwa- done by putting the eggs in a box and
Si turning the box or by placing the eggs
on a rack or turning tray.
on The cut shown above, and taken tl
ison from Poultry Keeper, is the best s
list, method for turning eggs. No. 1 is the
da tray ready for the eggs. No. 9 is a i
V-shaped wood trough as long as the b
dess tray is wide, %-inch square and planed tl
lans down to the V-shape. No. 8 is a roller
n in % or y6-inch in diameter (window cur
tent tain rollers may be used) and as long 1
h so as the V-shaped sticks. Use stout wire
agh at the back end, cut it off about an
en I inch long and drive it into the center
of the roller. Use wood 1% inches
keG wide and 34-inch thick for pulleys in c
on- front, using 1%-inch screws, and over c
h." the screws drive wire brads such as F
was the manufacturers of blinds use,
straightening them out and then bend
san ing them so as to fit the screw and go
uch into the cut in the screw so it will not g,
turn in the pulley. Set the pulleys 2
hat inches apart from center to center. Fif
gh, teen rollers may be put in one tray and th
eight eggs on one roller. Take hold mi
e of the middle roller with thumb and on
ih finger, the top and bottom of the in
se, roller, and every egg will turn. It ri]
the must be made to turn easily. pc
ml
ar, POULTRY NOTES. st
Sof Notes on the Seleetion of Winter Layers
see and on Other Live Topics. ca
ily Defects increase with age, and it is cei
Len best to dispose of all objectionable th:
i0- members of the flock early in the sea- rei
rt son. Do not keep any chickens that all
irk appear stunted; they always degrade sta
he the appearance of a flock, and when li1
ers once a fowl has been stunted it is not
n fit for breeding purposes, and in fact
wr is not worth the keeping. Disease, or
,er a tendency to disease, is hereditary.
Iy. Discard all hens that show a ten
.a dency to lay on fat, and retain those
that under proper feeding will convert
ht the food into eggs instead of fat. If
[Is part of the flock convert the food into
no fat instead of eggs, the profit the lay
NO ers might give is eaten up by the
te drones. No fowl should be retained
w. that does not in some manner add to foe
1 the profit of the flock. log
Much care should be observed in se- The
h- lecting layers for breeding purposes ext
be every year, and in a short time the en- less
tire flock will consist of nothing but lee,
layers. and
A good layer has a small head, a ma,
d long neck and back and a wedge- ten
D shaped body. The eyes are bright be
and the comb and wattles are of a strn
to bright red. She is energetic and active, the
r starting at every sound or motion with stra
an elastic spring. equ
A good layer usually lays egg's that bar
will hatch well. The very fact that tha
she is a good layer shows that she is eves
in a healthy condition, the consequence ical
d being that the greater number of the grol
LI aggs will be fertile and the chicks O
strong and vigorous.
A hen is a profit until she is three
years old; after that the number of
eggs annually decreases, and she dit
should not be kept longer unless she of
Is a world beater and perfectly healthy. nov
The hens that moult early should be
retained in preference to those that
moult late. They will come into profit
early in winter, when eggs are at d
good pric the
S Hens that hatch and raise a brood a
make good winter layers. The rest d
Sthey get by incubation fits them for coni
better work when they start again.- vail
Farm, Stock and Home. wat
TIMELY BEE NOTES. fast
- it je
CAnROLIC acid and tar are said to be the
a specific for foul brood. The
THICK, well-ripsesed honey will not frigl
granulate so readily as that which is even
thin.wom
SIr the honey is overheated, both the This
color and the transparency are in- serva
jured.
IT is better to have too much than
too little honey left in the hives for To
the bees' supplies. bin
Ix rendering beeswax a tin or brass l
ressel should always be used. An iron
Vessel tends to darken it dr t
Wau. the black bees are better tion
architects than the Italians and can keep
gather as much honey, the latter are i wi
much the more docile and are easier is to
handled. third
Wuux the weather is hot and dry are
especially the hives should be well early
shaded. Unless shaded the combs may elnt
melt down, and then the bees will re- earef
main idle . . the i
AFra the honey season is fairly natki
over take moatof the honey away from- safe
tibl ees, so that t.y will nsOt rear a horse
eanmaer of bees bt,4w.wU cog_ W
•~ ~ ~ ~ ~ - ···,i..·..o: .'::..-: -.i
N' FARM WIND-BREAKS.
Whiy Eery Cwmtay rlses Should av a
Natural leme of Willow..
Every farm needs wind-breake,
Sand some more than others, for protection
in winter and summer, fpr what
riot- breaks the force of the wind in the
eggs winter will not only serve the same
one purpose in summer, but if the right
:ggs kind will also supply shade, and shade
will on a farm is as necessary as some
ring other things.
>ose Anywhere, under any circumstances,
lens a wind-break saves-saves fuel in 1
:eep winter whether put into the stove or
fed to the stock, and in the summer 1
saves the life or prolongs the life of i
man and beast. A tight board fence o
S costs, but it is economy to build if no
other kind be available; but a board I
fence in the summer may be in the 1
way and is always a radiator of heat,
If it run in the right direction it may
furnish shade, but other wind-breaks
are better.
Better than wood, more picturesque s
and more useful in summer is the s
natural fence of willows-the com
mon willow that grows wild in great
abundance. Nothing requires less j
om care. A farmer went into a meadow t
ter and cut an armful of. willows - in the v
as spring, thrust the scions into the earth v
not where he wanted his wind-break, v
de- making two rows, eighteen inches a
not apart, and the work was done. a
see The willows grow with surprising
eze rapidity if there be sufficient a
rgs moisture, and moisture they should _
gill have in abundance at the start. After n
OW they are rooted they will grow if the P
be soil is not moist, but they grow faster is
nd with moisture. w
'gs In two seasons they may be an ap- "
preciable wind-break, and in another d:
:en the hedge will turn a cow. In the a'
sat summer the hedge of willows is orna- k
,he mental; it gives the yard, the build
s a ings and the surroundings generally a sm
he bright setting; and more, it provides ni
ed through the hot months shade for all '
Ler small stock on the farm. u;
ir- The ducks, geese, hens, chickens and ea
'g the turkeys delight in the shady re- t1
treat; the turkey may make her nest at
an there instead of going to the woods or BD
er roadside bush. In providing a living to
es wind-break, several purposes are ac
complished, every one important and i
er useful.-George Appleton, in Farm and
as Fireside. pr
UTILIZING THE STRAW. a
ro lit
Of How It Can Be ed Out as Regularly as on
i2 Hay or Grain. th
if- Most farmers utilize the straw more ily
id than they did twenty years ago, and foi
Id many of them consider good bright fal
id oat and barley straw worth for feed- su:
ie ing purposes quite as much as over
It ripe clover and timothy hay, and, is
pound for pound, worth fully half as ch
much as any good hay. Hence, in- tra
stead of wasting the straw by building erl
rs fat-topped stacks and allowing the ica
cattle and other stock to have free ac- fre
is cess to them, a yard is built around one
ie the stacks and the straw fed out as ne,
regularly as hay or grain. To make me
t all secure a log pen is built around the to
Ic stack similar to the 'one shown in the kel
n illustration. The logs rest upon a an(
it ceon
:t wh
or ot ing
dor
-- to 1
chr
e .t hol
ls t
car
0d pher
wh.
SeTACd FENCE AND MANGER. her
fail
foundation of stone or wood, the lower plu
log being one foot from the ground. bill
There are three logs on each side, the the
extreme height of the fence being not Nem
less than four and a half feet. On the and
t leeward side of the pen a permanent gan
and durable manger can be easily i Vo
made from small poles. This may ex
tend the entire length of the pea and
be built upon one or more sides. The Eeh
straw is thrown into it directly from
the stack, and if a ration of hay or It
straw be fed at noon it will prove imp
equally as valuable as a manger in a nig]
barn or shed, the oiry objection being *Ch
that it is located out of doors. How- Ups
ever, it is more convenient and econom- mar
ical than to throw the food upon the dor
ground or in the nearest fence corner. agai
-Orange Judd Farmer. Fou
wit]
Novel Bird-Scaring Dervle. auti
Some of the farmers of the hifel, the had
district that lies between the frontier whii
of Belgium and the Rhine, adopt a up a
novel plan for scaring the birds from a sil
the wheat. A number of poles are set Ui
up in the corn-fields, and a wire is con- thes
ducted from one to the other, just like dian
along our railways. From the top of full
each pole there hangs a bell, which is the
connected with the wire. Now, in the sudi
valley a brook runs along, with a cur- extr
rent strong enough to turn a small minw
water-wheel, to which the wire is so.m
fastened. As the wheel goes around face
it jerks the wrire, and so the bells in Fins
the different fields are set tinklir be 
The bells thus mysteriously mrt tem]
frighten the birds from the grain, rand in a
even excite the wonder of men and blac
women until they discover the secret. kone
This simple contrivance is found to ened
serve its purpose very well. stren
famc
fow to Preserve corn stever. him.
To preserve corn stover make a greatd
bin beneath the barn foor, cut the The
corn, into short bits by machinery and him
let it fall through the foor as fast as ly al
out, filling the bin to the foor. Fod- Af
der that is brought in in good condi- mule
tion and out right into the bin usually c0105
keeps well. If there is any fear that have
it will not keep, an excellent method of b
is to haul it and out it mixed with one- Thej
third oat straw direetly after the oafts hitd
are thrashed. If the thbrashig is done that
early and the corn fodder is not maB- get
eiently ured, the straw should be rin
careally preserved for mixing with Afra]
the foddesr. All rtock eat this combi- urai
nation eayerly. It has been found a -Mc
safe and edonosnieal provendes for
TO BE DAINTY THOUGH POOR.
W Bales for te Girl of wasssam Tammn -
Slmedr PFrme.
sake It does not need a Creosusfor a father
ction and and a maid to win for a woman the
what title of "elegante" in this day. Fine,
a the dainty tastes and dainty fingers will
ame suffice. She who knows enough to
right keep a bottle of ammonia on her dress
hade ing table and use it generously has
some learned a secret. By its use her dainty
white corsets may be kept white and
noes, dainty to the end without the expendi
I in ture of a fortune upon professional
v or cleaners. The way to manage them is
mer to give one's corsets a sun bath not less
e of than three times a week, and about
anoe once in seven days go over the entire
no surface with a stout nail brush dipped
oard in a soapy mixture of ammonia and wa
the ter. With such eare one's stays remain
eat. sweet-smelling and immaculately clean
may until the bones are worn and twisted
eaks past use. When it is impossible to af
ford more than one pair the alternates
que should be kept neatly and firmly rolled
the and laid away in a sheet of tissue pa
sm- per. ,
reat Pretty much the same treatment ap
lees plied to dress shields will enable one
low to wear a pair indeflnitely. But in
the warm weather they should be washed
rth very regularly in hartshorn and tepid
eak, water and then bleached dry in the hot
shes sun. In this way every trace of stain
and odor is obliterated.
sing Another thing about which women
ent are apt to be careless is the proper sun
uld ning and airing of their wool gar
fter ments. Men of refinement are most
the particular to see that each woollen suit
ter is hung out-of-doors after a single
wearing, as they realize that colored
,ap worsteds never quite lose the smell of
her dye, and also contract an unpleasant
the animal ordor even when the person is
na- kept scrupulously clean.
ild- In this matter it is wise to give both
ya skirts and coats an occasional sun
des ning, and winter as well as summer
all waist linings will become somewhat
unpleasant after continual use. An e
sd easy and efficacious way of freshening .
re- them is to use the~water dashed with
est ammonia, and lightly applied with a
or small, stiff brush. It's not necessary
ng to let the moisture penetrate the
,. goods, but if deftly done only the lin
ad ing is allowed to get wet.
and Precisely the same measures will
prevent the ugly smell of perspiration °
that so often renders one's high shoes
a bit disagreeable. By brushing the p
lining as described above and allowing b
a one's boots to remain several hours in
the strong sunshine, they can be read
ure ily kept in good condition. Indeed.
ad for everything except delicately tinted
rht fabrics that fade readily a frequent
d- sun bath is heartily recommended.
Cr- Among people of limited means there
d, is a popular superstition that frequent
-s changes of underclothing is gross ex
n- travagance. On the contrary, if prop- r
ag erly managed, nothing is more econom
he ical in hot weather that to wear a
ac- fresh suit of linen every day. When to
nd one walks much it is a matter of sheer w
as necessity to have clean stockings every
ke morning. Nor is anything easier than ti
he to rub out a pair of hose in a basin A
lie kept for the purpose. WVith castile soap t
and two changes of water the job is td
completed in five minutes, and pinned
where they catch a breeze, the stock- n
ings dry immediately. With half a
dozen pair of hose and a determination at
to be tidy the poorest woman can be as fir
charmingly dainty as a bloated bond- us
holder's wife.
These selfsame rules also apply to to
care of the person. One who rinses it
her mouth with listerine once a day, se
who uses a clean, stiff brush freely on ma
her scalp every morning, who never no
fails to do her exercises before a big en
or plunge bath, is sure to have smaller bu
bills with the doctors and dentists than' sk
e the woman who neglects such details.
Ct None of them are costly or difficult
e and all mean increased beauty. ele
it gance and physical robustness.-N. Y. "
Y World.
MULES IN THE MINES. ali
e Exhibitions of Animal Glee Upon Being Ch
Brought to the Surface. er
r It is a common affair for mules to be ban
e imprisoned for years in the limitless tid
a night of the mines. Our acquaintance, To
r "China," had been four years buried. col
Upon the surface there had been the wa
march of the seasons, the white splen- Ev
dor of snows had changed again and an
. again to the glories of green springs.. col
Four times had the earth been ablaze wi
with the decorations of brilliant cot
autumns. But "China" and his friends ev
had remained in these dungeons from egi
which daylight, if one could get a view hb
up a shaft, would appear a tiny circle,
a a silver star aglow in a sable sky. ton
Usually when brought to the surface abc
these animals tremble at the earth, ra- n.
diant in the sunshine. Later they go he
almost mad with fantastic joy. The
full splendor of the heavens, the greas, 'Z
the trees, the breezes, break upon them luc
suddenly.. They caper and career with his
extravagant mnllish glee. Once a ma
miner told me of a mule that had spent ser
some delirious months upon the sur- we
face after years of labor in the mines. pe
Finally the time came when he was to
be taken back into the depths. They at- ter
tempted to take him through a tunnel
in a hillside. But the memory of a ed
black existence was upon him. He me
knew that gaping mouth that threat- in t
ened to swallow him. He had all that
strength of mind for which his race is are
famous. No eudgelings could induce "E
him. The men held conventions and hab
discussed plans to budge that mule. F
The celebrated quality of obstinacy in era
him won him liberty to gambol clumsi- the
ly about on the surface. loll
After being long in the mines the a fr
mules are apt to duck and dodge at the is p
close glare of lamps, but some of them wa
have been known to have piteous feet. e.
of -being left in the dead darkness. St.
They. seem, then, somehow, like littl brhi
childrea. We met a boy oneewh-smaid m
that sometimes the only way he could at d
get his resolute team to morve was to ig
ran ahead of them with the light. at
Afraid of the darkness, they would trot isnh
hurriedly after him and so take the ba
train of heavy cars to a desired place.
-M.lure' Magazine. -
-Caller--Your eoe is ~s hot as
M eee . AMn--.Wcl taIY Itmght -
r+sJIU-2·*+FI~~q:
OR. IN THE ELECTRICAL WORLD.: `
0 -Mu nicip lighting aema to 1es4so
ther tending. Recently the city conneil
'ther ýl M1ch, contracted for t*b
th erection of an electric lighting plant
ie, to cost $33,00o, to run 170 all-nmight'
will lights, under a 815,000 guantee that
ý the operating expenses shall not ·en
es- ceed 88,525 a year.
-A new form of delirium tremens
inty has attacked a New York toper. While
and under the influence of a lively jag, he
adi- was shocked by an electric wire.ow
nal when he has taken too much whisky,
mis he fancies he sees sputtering electric
less wires, and writhing snakes, whieh
t shower him with sparks.
tire -The trolley road to connect New
ped York and Philadelphin, also oame
wa ing various cities and towns in .New
lan Jersey, via Trenton and Camden, is.
can said to be an assured thing. The right.
ted of way has been secured, and already
tesf- the price for the round trip between
sled the two cities has been placed at 81.5p
-Lieut. F. Boyer, of the French
pa- navy, to avoid collisions, proposes to
introduce at the top on all fast-sailing
ap- steamers an electric light which will
One cast a beam ahead to indicate the di
en rection in which the vessel is steering.
d So long as the approaching ship was
hot not in the actual pencil of light it
hio would be unnecessary to alter her
course.
sen -The introduction of the trolley
cars in Philadelphia, which provide not
ar- only a means of transportation, but an
osteasy and enjoyable ride, has given rie
oit to "trolley-car parties." The Tenth
gle and Eleventh street Co., in Philadel
e phis, has arranged so that a car can be
of chartered for a round trip for six dol
tnt lars, and all the passengers that can be
is accommodated are allowed to ride. No
stops are made, and the cars go whiz
Ith zing along at a delightful pace.
an- -It is stated that Prof. J. A. Flem
ier ing, of England, has shown that the
rat well-known color of the light of the
An electric are from carbon points is due
to the incandescence of the carbon fillU
ith ing the space between the positive and .
negative rods. The true are is here,
ry and exists in a space filled with the
he vapor of carbon, which has a brilliant
n- violet color. Thus, in a sense, the arc
light is mainly an incandescent light,
iU the effect being produced by the layer
of carbon which is being constantly
es evaporated at an extremely high tem
be perature. Hence the light of the car
bon are is not, and can never be,white,
ig as it is sometimes described as being,
d- but must always be tinted violet by the
d. carbon vapor normally present between
the rods.
at -A well-authenticated report of an
instructive electric accident comes from
re Paris, says the Electrical Review. A
t workman was caught between two
bare wires which conducted 'the cur
rent from the electric plant to the rail
_ road station on the Seine. It was at
first not known what caused the dis
n turbance noticed in the current, and
tr when it had lasted five minutes, then
the current was cut off, and an inspec
tion of the conducting wires was made.
n After ten minutes' search it was found
that a workman had been caught be
is tween the wires, and had received the
d discharge of 5,000 volts for the time of
five minutes, while for ten minutes he
a was found apparently dead. At once
n attempts were made to restore him,
first by artificial respiration after the
usual methods, but this being of no
avail, the rhythmical pulling of the
o tongue was resorted to, and in this case
it was successful in very gradually re
storing respiration, after which the
man made a quick recovery and.was
r none the worse for his bitter experi
ence, except that he suffered from the
r burns where the wires had touched his
skin.
ESTERBROOK WALKED.
A Good Story Told of a Once Famous Banl
Player.
The fans will remember Tommy,
alias "Dude" Esterbrook, who. with
Chief Roseman and other famous play
ers, formed the historical Metropolitan
baseball club in the American associa-'
s tion -several years ago. Since that time
Tommy has been drifting from fast
company, and early in this season he
a was found in the Southern league.
Eventually this organization busted
I and Tommy was left out in the cold,
cold world. His friends had wondered
a what'had become of him, but no one
I could' tell. lie bobbed up again, how
ever, and the New York Evening Tel
egram gives the following story as to
bow it happened:
When the Bostons were in Washing
ton the last time Duffy was wandering
about in the morning of the day of the
final game of the series. Suddenly he
heard a hoarse voice say:
"'Hello, Duffy."
The speaker seemed to be in hard
luck. His clothes were old and dusty,
his shoes worn out until theypresented
many holes, and he had needed the -
services of a barber for the past three
weeks. Duffy glanced at him mand
passed on, but the voice came again:
"Don't yoa know me, Duffy? I'm Es
terbrook; Tom' Esterbrook"
It was even so. The dude had walk
ed up from Ne* Orleans, where he had
met with baseba11 reverses,. and he was
in tough shape.
"I've only got $30, old man, but ryo
are welcome to it," said Duffy. and
"Ester," overjiyed, dishppeared , -..re
habiltate hi~self.
That evening when the ostcI .
era went to the depot to takehb a
they noticedta stylishly
lolling in the waitlng
a ftragant cigar. Ons a.e -
it proved to be Esterbroobl,
was startled at the met p b
eleanm shave, bath and en"ire -
brxmiiq Mi't4 hat adle himr.
ing hard wo. wita
lest words '"tstr"oik to theia
ished U1stonlas Wetwe
baa " gobdcasdor e