trip ek
The ladies 11
have .sent us a ofto firs'A a
thc. season. .. amo
Dr. Roy Young, Mr. O. Blanchet scrib
and Dr. Sid" peix, of Royvllle, pose.
were in 'Tfayette Thursday. scrit
cany.
. rs. M.J. Peterman, of Frank- of th
-in,5iv1isiting h.er daughter, Mrs.
A. , a.. lark of this town. . Ti
Alex i Delahoussaye went to New made
'Orleans this week on business and attra
pleasure combined. they
The; e was a party at the residence
of Mrs. O. J. Sprole last Saturday less
night. A large number were pres
ent and a good time wat had .by all. dray
%itwi
That -Father LaForest's fair on the
the 15th and l6th will be worthy will
the cause for wiitehit: is given, goes gow
without saying. pled
Don't-forget that on the 15th and one
=6th of this 6nth theec will be a turn
grand fs~ trAt' Carencro for the Of
l enefit fo th gw church. " will
We are inf6a ed that the :Union
club of Pilette aid an Opelousas club agal
will play a gataE at the latter place the
on the 3oth instant. tueh
Cash paid for old gold at Bios-con
sat's jewelry store. abh
The Gazette has received from lic.
Mr. G. H. de Clouet the program race
of this year's commencement of the ball
Washington & Lee University. the
The ladies of "the Presbyterian chai
church will serve refreshments for Mo
the benefit of their church, at Prof. Mou
LeRosen's entertainment,' June 14. tion
Mr. and Mrs. Sid J. Bouchard J
-and children returned to their home Feli
in Lafayette Thursday evening. a
They were on a visit to relatives at ar
SDes Allemands.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Lisbon y en- an
tertained a number of friends last coc
Wednesday upon the occasion of cha
the s3d anniversary of their mar- R 7
Vag
riage. cosl
Misses. Louise and Amelie Lock- Ho
er, of St. Martin, left here for New I
Orleans on the excursion Tuesday cnh
morning in company with Mr. and -
Mrs. H. Billaud. He
Agents and Canvassers to sell the M
greatest patented kitchen utensil of ma
the day. Sells on sight. Electric Ra
Cake Beater and Dropper Co. 3ox Tr
New Orleans National Bank Build- u
ing, New Orleans, La. a
Send your watches, clocks and w
jewelry for repairs by mail or ex
press to Biossat, the reliable watch
maker and jeweler.
Mrs. F. Fortune and daughter, 1F
Miss Cecile, left yesterday for their in
home at Berwick. 'Miss Fortune h:
"`has been quite sick'during her stay lY
in this town, but her many friends
are pleased to know that she has
completely recovered and is. once C
more enjoying her former good st
health. a
J. A. Allingham has brought to al
this offce a very large peach plucked C
from a tree in his orchard in this n
town. It was a delicious peach and ti
is only an other evidence of the F
adabtability of our soil to the cul
tivation of fruits.
The commencement exercises of a
the High School will take place j
Friday, June z4, at Falk's Opera t
House. An admission of a5 cents t
will be charged to realize money t
to make some necessary repairs to t
the High School building. The
program is well selected and the]
exercises will be full of interest. 1
There will be a dance at the conclu
sion of the entertainment.
Children's Day.
Last Sunday was "Children's
Day" at the Methodist church. The
church was taxed far beyond its seat
ing capacity and many were jcom
pelled.to stand during the services.
Over one hundred children, all
members of the Sunday School,
took part in the exercises and the
mairnner in which they acquitted
themselves reflects much credit up
on the worthy superintendent, Mr.
David Riggs, and those who volun
teered their assistance. Each di
viipon of the school was presented
with a silken banner by the :Rev. 'r.
&'R.a..le. Mr. Riggs read an in
Stersting paper- showing by statis
-i w~Bat the M:. E. Church South
_ i;se during- the past year for
' and dqmestic missions,
-extensions, also showing the
ni of communicants and the
w'working amd expenditures
will ass
'Fog of cgsi
.it is settled that anyho
wbtrated, a handsome the' o
amount having already been sub- geta g
scribed by the cit;zens for that pur- m th
pose. The committee on sub- preset
scribtions made a house to house i.. an
canvass of the town and the results just me
of their efforts to raise the necessary sapie
funds have been very satisfactory. maton
The committees have not yet
'made known the nature of all the Ha'
attractions but it is safe to say that Re
they will be both novel and inter- pleas
esting. The baby show will doubt- frie
,less prove .a prominent feature of Cal.
the celebration. It can not fail to
draw the ladies. It is new here and Ge
it will be really funny, We have will t
s the material ,in abundance and it x5th
r will only be necessary to induce the
good mothers to bring their "idim- M
pled darlings" to the show. If only ayr
I one-fifth of our. baby population their
a turn out it will.be a howling success.
e Of course after the decision there days
will be much gnashing of teeth joya
and savage threats will be uttered M
b against the lives of the judges, but com]
these are the inevitable conse- Geo:
quences of a baby show; without New
them the baby show would be in- H
- complete. There will be innumer- to it
able other things to amuse the pub- day
rn lic. Bicycle, trotting, mule and horse traci
in races, a tournament, a ball, a base ener
Le ball game, etc. The following are to
the committees : daul
-Executive Committee-Wm Campbell, mar
.n chairman; Dr. Girard, B Falk, Homer twet
>r Mouton, Geo M Goulsby,
10o:30o. Address of welcome by, C. O. A
f. Mouton, president Business Men's Associa
tion. a le
Oration, Judge Conrad Debaillon. ing
rd 1:30. Baby Show. Committee: Mines
J J Revillon, E Constantin, E McDaniel, He
ie Felix DeManade, E L Swindler. his
:oo. Bicycle Races. Committee-Rene
g' Parkerson, Dr Raney, C Bienvenu, J Ducote. Lou
at Trotting Race Committee-A M Martin muc
and E Constantin.
Mule Race Committee-Archie Morgan tive
and J Revillon.
Horne Race Committee- A Peck, D A
tat Cochrane. Brie
Tournament Committee-Dr Girard,
chairman; J Nickerson, Crow Girard, Dr A urd
ar- R Trahan, Baxter Clegg, Dr Martin, H A F
VanderCruyssen, Walter Mouton, Louis La
coste, Victor Levy, Emanuel Pelerin, J A Les
:k- Landry, Pink Torian, Felix Salles, Henry Lal
Hohorst.
ew Ball. Arrangement Committee-B Falk, wet
lay chairman; Dr Moss, T M Biossat, J 0 Ayl
Mouton, CA Stewart.
nd ' Reception Committee-C 0 Mouton, ]
chairman; J I Bell,. 0 C Mouton, Alfred fý
Hebert, A E Mouton, Frank Moss, T A
the McFadden, Isaac Broussard, John Hahn. to
O Floor Managers-Wm Campbell, chair
of man; Geo M Goulsby, Dr Girard, L Bagary,
ric Raoul Pellerin, Homer Mouton, Dr A R wa
o01 Trahan, Jack Nickerson, H L Fontenot,
ld- Baxter Clegg, H A VanderCruyssen, A De- do;
Lahoussaye.
Subscriptlon-Dr Hopkins, chairman;
Dr Moss, Wm Campbell, DrGirard, B Falk, are
Wnd Walter Mouton, A M Martin, E G Voorhies. the
ch- A Remarkable Cure of Rhen- are
matism. ou
Westminster, Cal., March , co,
ter, x894.-Some time ago, on awaken
teir ing one morning. I found that I
une had rheumatism in my knee so bad
stay ly that, as I remarked to my wife, vi:
dsit would be impossible for me to Sa
attend to bussiness that day. Re
has membering that I had some of
rcc Chamberlain's Pain Balm in my fr(
ood store I sent for a bottle, and rubbed ar
the afficted parts thoroughly with it, al
according to directions, and within
to an hour I was completely relieved. so
ked One application had done the busi- ag
this ness. It is the best liniment on the wl
market, and I sell it under a posi- in
tive guarantee. R. T. HARRIS.
the For sale by all druggists.
cul A child of Mr. and Mrs. Mc
Cormick of Beaumont, Texas, died R
of at the Crescent Hotel Friday morn- C
lace ing. The parents were on their way
pera to New Orleans for surgical aid for
ents their child, but when they reached
>ney this point its condition was such
s to that theyr decided not to proceed a
The any further. Drs. Hopkins and
the Martin were called but it was too
rest. late and the little infant expire'. it
aclu- s1
. First Communion. o
One hundrgd and eighty children e
received the sacrament of commu
nion at the Catholic church last
Thursday morning. As usual this
seat- most beautiful ceremony had at
o- tracted a large crowd of people
ces. from differeat parts of the parish.
all Among the priests who participated
Iool, in the ceremonies were Fathers
i tte Maltrait, of this place, B. Branch
itted of Rayne, and A. B. Langlois of1
t up- St. Martinville. The children
r were in charge of the good
lunsisters of the Mount . Carmel,
ed convent, to whom is due much cred
Sit for the splendid dscipline of the
S little ones which was a noticeable
in-feature of-the celebration. Just
t before the sacrament w-rs admitis
.f teredto the children the -noir sang
' L .PLauda ion"' which was followed
1sions, by ,,L'A'sge et L'Ame" a duo, ren
rag the dered with much success by Mlrs.
d the Alf. Mouton and Mr. H. Vander
litures ICru3 ssen. Before and after the
ceremony, the Pelican Birass Band,
under the leadership of Prof. Henrt
4 Gnrac, delighted the vast gather
r iti front of the church with
.( ."a..pt.e.iate pice- s of - -ic .
r in Yotufr Ear. Ci
yo if yo hied it. Times The 
s ai they were. They areim- was hel
twe must all retrench. A. 5. i
eorlywe'ouldM aRord to subscribe for Messrs.
hlIta done, possibly even a dozen, news- Ducote,
Tpers and magazines. Now we must get Biossat.
.along with-twoor three. Otr home paper Ater
we- must .ase--can't get along without that and sec:
anyhow,-r We algayf pund a good deal in be ame;
the other -papers and magazines that we poratio
didn't especially Care for. ..If we could just fellows
get a good well jourial that would give and ord
us the cream of lthese other papers and proved.
magasines, the things best worth reading and Move
preserving, we boldt save tbbth money and Dr. J.
time, and-till keep up with the world's do- allowec
lRg and thilking; -Well, now, vou can get thborio
just such ' a journal-PUBLIC OPINION, to info
published in New York City. Write for call spe
sample copy,.or call at this office for infor- see fit.
mation and special rate if taken in connec- Movi
tion with The Gazette. Jos Dn
Having used Chamberlain's. Cough tng of
Remedy ini my family and found it Fonu
to be a first-class -article, I take W. B.
pleasure in recommending it to my. J
friends. J. V. FOSTER, Westport, A. Rol
Cal. For sale by all druggist. f we
SR. L.
Carenero-News. wR
Get ready $ stival which
will take- pc i: C.trgn,,cro on the Leona
n5 th and;: pof this;=mnth. D. J.'
Mesdamesj P. Francez, D. J.
L.ayret, Miss Eugenie Bernard and
Miss Brasseaux returned home from Tot
their trip to the. sea-shore, a few Douce
e days ago, having had a most en- t
joyable time. Upe
1 Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Brown, ac- rded
t companied by Mr. and Mrs. gardt
George Melchoir, were visitors in oldp e
t New Iberia last week. leadin
Frank
High colored society was shaken in
to its very foundation last Thurs- instr
- day week. An elopement, a dis
e tracted mother, an irate father, an To eu
e energetic constable, a restoration
e to her parents of the runaway the r
daughter, followed by a speedy Taxes
1, marriage, and reconciliation be- Taxe
r tween all concerned. Lic
Archbishop Janssens will deliver '
a lecture at the new church build
ing on Sunday, June, z6th at 2 p. m.
1, He has selected as the subject of D.
his discourse "'The Early Days of
e. Louisiana" which is suggestive of To
in much that is interesting and instruc- May
in tive.
A Dr. Arthur Guilbeau, of Breaux May
Bridge, was in Carencro last Sat
A urday visiting relatives and friends.
A Rev. Father LaForest, Dr. W. W.
A Lessley, and Messrs. Perrault and
ty LaBerge were in Church Point last 13
1k, week, the guests of Rev. Father paid
O Aybi. Wm
on, Mr. W. A. Robert returned home G.
red a few days ago, after a week's visit R. I
in. to relatives in Ville Platte. Jo
ir- One
ry, Our town marshal has declared Pne
lot, war against stray and worthless Peo]
Le- dogs. Good enough! T
an; The ladies and gentlemen who
ilk, are to conduct the entertainment on Iv
the z5th and x6th of this month, $211
i- are determined to make it a thor- p
ough success, and carry it out ac- rail
Sz, cording to programme, rain or W.
I WMa
shine.
ad- Mrs. M. M. Thibodaux was a Mai
fe, visitor among friends in Sunset last r,,
to Saturday and Sunday.
of The information comes to. us
my from all sides, that so far the crops c
)ed are in first class shape; and far D.
it, ahead of what they were last sea- D
ed. son. The cane and cotton acre- D
usi- age is about the same as last year,
the while that of corn has been largely D
osi- increased. D
Grand concert June z5th. En
tertainment to conclude with the
Mc- laughable farce entitled "Les
lied Prunes" by Mr. L. G. Stelly of the
)rn- Carencro, and Mr. Ed. Laberge of tio
way Montreal. There will also be a
for concert on the night of the x6th. of
h An effort is being made to "tie" '
a race between three of the best is
colts in this section. -
too We do not hear much about pol
Itics lately; but there is one thing "
sure, Carencro must be represented c
on the parish ticket, the coming
dren election.
zmu- Judge O. P. Guilbeau and wife
last were in Breaux Bridge last Saturday
this and Sunday. o
at- The picnic given by the pupils of
Miss Madeline Melchoir last Sun
ople day proved a very enjoyable affair.
)t Mr. Jules Jeanmard and wife,
te were visitors to Carencro relatives
hers last Sunday.
s Physicians now reccomnend the New Or
leans Daily States Cigar as being of super
Idren or merit and having a fine aroma.
ood Some time ago I was taken ick I
rmel, with a cramp in the stomach, fol
cred- lowed by diarrhoea. I took a cou
f the tIle of doses of hamberlain's Colic,
Ceable Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy and
Just was immediately relieved. I con
sider it the best medicine in the
inis- market for all such complaints. I
sang have sold the remedy to others and
owed every one who uses it speaks highly
ren- of it. J. WV. STLICKt.ER, Valley
1 rs. Center, Cal. For sale by all drug
inder- gists.
:r the
Band, If you want to enjoy comfort at
Henri small cost, keep flies and mosquti
ather- toes out by getting door and
with window screens from Moss & S Iou'
i Gusi,, j4@, .
City Cusit 1 - Proccedfifgs8 ou t
LAFAYEITE, LA., JUNE 4, 1895. totoreb
The regular meeting of the' City Council o owt
was held this day, and -there were present: they de
A. J. Moe, mayor;- Dr. J. D. Trahan, need t
Messrs. J. 0. LeBlanuc. 0. C. Mouton, Jos. mits of
Ducote, ieo Doucet,.B. Falk and T M. troan
Biossat. effect at
Biossat.had bee
After teading of minutes it was moved hate be
and seconded that the article in last minutes Wher
be amiended from. (compile articles of cor- honorab
poration and minutes of council) and read as qalifies
follows: Compile charter of corporation yo'e su
and ordinances of council. Otherwise ap- such
proved.lands s
proved. torial cc
Moved by O. C. Monton, seconded by election
Dr. J. D. Trahan, that finance committee be ceeding
allowed more time in which to complete the 'S9p.
thborious work they have in hands. They Elia
to inform mayor tvhey completed and he to Martic
call special meetig at such time as he may weir, ,
see fit. Granted. Philip
Moved by O. C. Mouton, seconded by my wi
Jos Dncote, that all accounts be submitted Alexis
to proper-committee a days previous to sit- Caffer
ting of council. Po
Following accounts were approved: my
W. B. Bailey, services as returning C. Tr
officers.... . ................. ............$5 Landr
C.. J. Sanders, 5o .log collars.......... 7 50 L iei
A. Robichaud, repr'ng bridges & side- i" B
walks ...........................55 Nicke
w. .lks........ . ---....... 5 50 fe
R. L. McBride, 18 days work plank wi a
walk at $so per .month ....... ........... I 18 to,
Moss Bros & Co., nails, and lamp ;i A
chimney .3 42 per C
Leonard Landry, I month salary light
ing street lamps..: ...................... 15 00 ing r
D. J. Veazey, 19 days salary as Con. 31 6o water
D. J. Veazey, hauling Ii dogs 25 cents C MW
each .................. ......... 75 nk
Total amount $82 65 Deve:
Moved by Dr. Trahan, seconded by Leo Jules
Doucet, that all bridges on line of old cor- wife
poration that are in bad repair be imme- gers 1
diately attended to. wife
Upon motion of T. M. Biossat duly sec
onded the chair appointed a committee of I
three to confer with the Police jury in re- Fred
gard to having all bric'ges leading out of the Leo]
old corporation put in thorough repair and lonlt
especial attention to be called to bridges lint
leading out of town over coulee near Dr.
Franklin Mouton's place. The mayor ap- ham
Spointed on said committee Dr. J. D. Trahan E H
T M Biossat and O C Mouton. They were for it
instructed to report at next regular meetting. authc
REPORT OF COLLECTOR. Feren
i To the iron. Mlayor and Cjuneilmten of the Ouci
n Town of Lafayette: Jos
I have collected the following sums since Gera
the 13th day of May 1895, to-wit: Mrs
y Taxes of 189z............................ 2 50 Ca
Taxes of 893 ........... ......... .. 2 50
Taxes of 1894 ..................... . 16 82 dhui
Licenses of 1895 ........ ....... .-.. 78 50 my o
Dog tags.......................................... 5 o00 W
Fines on stock................................. 8 75 Ma
Total $ 134 o7Y2 Seen
Respectfully submitted prop<
D. J" VEAZEY, Constable & Collector.
f TREASURER'S REPORT. mitto
Df To the Hon. Mayor and MIlembers of the to
City Council df Lafayette: and
May 30, 1895 to amt cash in hands o.
of A Neveu, trees. approved cote.
by finance committee .......... .....$1027 44 k
iX May 13, to am't of cash rec'd since to
I- report of f. c. from Mayor IT
Wm Campbell for fines and Trot
S. bazars.................................. 35 00 sr
V. faye
$1062 44 the
id CR. shoa
Lst By the following outstanding warrants the
paid by A Neveu, treasnrer as follows:
May 13 1895, by cash paid to- in
Wm Campbell, warrant 546.............$ 75 00
N. Reaux, assessor warrant 545......-- 75 00 s
G. Landry, warrant 540 ......... ........ 25 00 da
sit R. L. McBride, warrant 544 -........... 1 23 or
A Neven, secretary and tr. 547........ 50 00 to
JO Mouton, warrant 549 ---............ ..6 So go0
ed Oneil Baron, warrant 551 ............. 2 75 din
Peop. S. Bank warrant 532............ 0 00 Oticn
:ss Peop. S. Bank warrant 535 ................ 550. 00 ar
Total $345 87 ion
ho DR. Jun
on May I5, 1895, cash on hand turned over
to me by A. Neveu, out-going treasurer 1
$2z6.58.
Dr- By amount cash paid on outstanding war
ac- rants: a
C- May 16, 1895, by cash to- net
r Win Clegg, warrant 522 .. ............00 0oo lea
Wm Graser warrant 550 ............... 2 00 tie
May 17, AM Martin, warrant 552.... 15 00
a May IS8, H Billaud, warrant 553...... I 40
Waters P Oil Co., warrant 548........ 36 48 su
ast Laf. Pub. Co., warrant 554................ 37 50 f
Total $2o9 38
June 3 1895, to bal. on hand. $7 20 Nt
3ps Cash received from- ci
far D. J. Veazey, col. and con. (taxes
I892) .... . .... 2 50
ea- D J Veazey col. and con. (taxes o st
:re- 1893) ..... - ... ...... 2 50
D J Veazey, col. and con. (taxes
ar, 894) ................. --...--....--... 26 82/
ely D J Veazey, licenses x896............ 78 50 P`
DJ Veavey, dog tags ................. 1 00 St
D Veazey, fines on stock.......... 75
En- $141 27' hC
the June 3rd, Respectfully submitted,
Les D. V. GARDEBI.ED, Treasurer.
of The following petition was submitted to
the City Council, for annexation of addi
of tions to old corporation: tl
To the Hon. A.J. Moss, mayor, and to the mem
Sbers ot the Council of the town of Lafayette., State
of Louisiana.
The petition of the undersigned residents of the o
parish of Lafayette. State aforesaid, respectfully 1
re rsentsR rance-. parish surveyor of thisoar-a
best ish has lately. oa or about the s6th day of ay,b
ig95, surveyed the lots or lands lying and being tos
uated contiguous and adjacent to tle territorial or
peorate limits of he town ot Latfayctte in said parr
Ol- sh. the boundaries whereof areas follows ond which
owill more fully appear by reference to the proces
sing Yb lpld plat of survey of such lands accompany
ing this pettion. to-wit: Stortlng from a point ois the -
Ited coulee wst of said town.d ing a bridge betwcen
ning Dr. Franklin ?ttoston. formerly belonging to ii.
Eastin runin N. 86 degrsand W.a small nsh
tree 33 feet, N. 673E 6 ft. Theneolloing the cot i-1
wif Lee N.' l. 3o ft. "hence N. 57i12 1k. 3oo ft.
i'Ihene- N. xa 1E. 170 tt1. leauging Hboorst's place.
thence N. 856 E. iso ft. I,.~ving church property op
toJadice'sproperty, 47o hence . "7 01 \V. 40,0
ft. then an oat S. 35 to C S. 5. E.361t.ttred oula.
Is of thence .. o E. 3oo to the -shoteteri corner of A.
Grei%'s land thence N. sle E. 623 ft. to the street of
the big ditch running it Blills addition 0653 ft. 5
to theN. side of tsie Louisiana Western Ratilroad
rackand including its ..right of way," thncoce E.
oe4l ft. thence S. 77 E. 430o 0ft. e to te.tcrt pur
wife, tion of the back yald ot Dr. I'. S. Mudd'e plac.
Thence 43 E. 89o tt. to the Northeast end or Ltin
tives coin's Aveiut across sanme up to the Eatcmn poraiaot
of Mienton Richard's place 940 ft. continusin'g olp to 1
Crow birard's land theance 55 to 70 ft. tsp to the
Elstern portioti of Nick erson's lasid purchased frotn
D Or- P. A. Cochrane following the eastern line thereof
86 ft. si pO tDowdct's place thene S. o7 5V. 89o ft.
supr- into lane leading to Albert Chargois' place 96 t-..
across said lane 955 ft. a red oak f ft. In diametcr.
thence S. 46 W; ap to Mlouton's dddition 182o tt.
thence S ag W. uc to oatS lane 54t4 ft. thence to
rick Pinhook road od"50 ft. thence along said ro ac
o 9- \. up to tihc coulce 19o0 . ft. thesnce
the 4oo ft to the Southeastern carnecr of
the garden of tlhe tjirard plac. t ce thirocs'ghi the
tjirnrd pasture N. 67 \V. 96o to Dr. Faanklin SIou
OliC ton's Land runntng 40 ft. therein. thence N. 85 \V.
46, ft- a redoakback of Pr.iFranklin Mtouton's stro-te
4o v et. u rto sld coulee H-el of town. Thence alotug
the number and in value of the bono fide cnrners ou the
lots or landslying and being situated batween tisa
S. I limits ol said survey made by Ronain sFranac ;ts
aforesaid and the t erritorial corporate Litni ts of the
town of Lafayette as fixed Iy act irs oa t189 as tol
ighly towr: Beginnitg ttnaonn the coulee weot ol
Talley Estaid ,Vest its the Mlills addition betwern ths
lots twetty and ....erty-trce in the plan madt by
John q.apbello United States surveyor, tarch t iatn
eighteen hnndred and fifty-six, aid runnsolg east to
the intersection of said stret with Jefferson staact so
M~r. Charles atooittn's line and following that lisie
)rt atto the western limits of A. Mouton's field. enclotsnre
or ditch, ard following that ditch sousth to its inter
osqit- section with the line of third steet; thence foll.ttitng
and sterlythe said third street and its contiltatiUn tio
Sthe oule~ne, vet of the town. and followiez tne mid
]011 dleof said couletto the point of beginninp. lels
tioers nfurtier 5ver that the lol or Inrldtsd lyln hc
wema fftLc hoofs aurGeutd aUre adJastt asa ta_5-"
uosts to the territorial corporate limitt of the down of
Lafayette and that most of the said lands have er
totorebeen surveyed into town oe and e In w at
is known as the Mills. Mouton and McComb addi
tdons whereon are residing a number of aci . tn
they desire that the lots or lands afores be an
vxed to sad included in the erreitoisl corporate
limits of satid town of Lafayette so as o constitute a
part thereof and be subjcct to the jurisdicton. con;
trol and authority of std town. as fully tb the same
effect and to alnil intents and purposes ad if the same
had been originally included Mn the territorial cotr
porate limits thereof.
Wherefore pettioners respectfully ray that your
honorable body order'an election to e held uy the
qualified electors residing and upon the lots or lands
proposed to be annexed to the said town of j.aJa
yette submitting the proposition to be voted 9n at
such election, whether they desire that such lots or
lands shall beannexed to and included in the terr-i
torial corporate limits of said tuwn. and that said
election be held after notices, publications and pro
ceedings'required under provisions of act No. 0ys of TIIIS
rSg9. (signed.) .
Elia Martin,-to authorize my wife, Ella
Martin, Orther C. Mouton, Mrs '. M. BFas
wein, J Alf Mouton, for Heirs Wid c udice,
Philip Mouton, Coraline Martin to authorize
my wife, Joseph Ducote. loseph Judlin,
Alexis Voorhies, Matilde Gardner, Chas 1)
Caffery,'A "r Caillucet, F I)emanade, Ulyse
Pointbocuf, Celitnene Mouton, to authorize
my wife, Alcee Mouton, Erwin Mouton, F;
C. Triay, J I Younger, Alfred lHebert, J A
Laidry MJeuntor Richard, Arthur Heberti
Lucien Allemant, ais mark, Octave Rigus,
L..F I oigues, A E Mouton, t, Richard, J
Nickersor., J. I Allinghamn, authorizing my
wife and for mysuif, Arita Mouton 3 L Mou
ton, J F Dowr.ell, Per Chas. 'D Cafery,
M AGirarii per Crow Giraird,'C A Giratd;
per .roW G(itrd, Crow Girand, 1 P Moss,
L utspin, Mrs 1) B Vanderwater, arthoriz
ing my wife 'and for my self, I)D B Vander
water,. J A Delhome, C. II Lusted, Clarisse
Williams, Julian Mouton, A J Moss, Orther
C Mouton, Alf F Cayard, Antoine Close, H
Gankendorff, E Prioullaud, rThe Sutihern
Develop Co., by J G Parkerson gen. Agent,
Jules Pointbonuf, James Radcliff, Jacob Ba
.hest, Marie Julie c louton, to authorize my
wife 11 Tl'hompson Jr.. Mrs Catherine Ru
gers her mark, \V D Huff, authorizing my
wife Julia Huff, Aurelia Veazey to aulthorize
my wife J A Veazey, Chas. 0 Mouton, A
SDegrez, I A Beroussard, August, Albardao.
Fred Mouton, L Levy B Faik, G A Martin,
Leo Doucet, 11 Church, A A Mouton, 
D onlan, R C Greig, Dr J L onhart, Jomi
Hannen, J B Comus, S T Givens, Thos B
Hopkins, F G Mouton, If Billiaud, Abra
hae IIirsch, Mrs C P Alpha, Jules 0 Dugas
E II Parkerson authorizing my wife and A.
for tfy self, J G I'arkerson, M F Mudd, to
authorize my wife, Dr F S Mudd, Henry
Fcreige, J D)avidson, Leon Plonsky, R
,e Oucilhe, A I Church, agent, A T Boye, J
Jos Iaunen, John Hannen, J E Moutons
e Gerac Bros., Alex Billaud, Mrs Ed Guidry,
Mrs R Riu, Clemille Trahan, T D Colemant rt
C Lusted Sr., thalizer Tricoux her mark,
Frank Pointboauf, Mrs J M Abbott, A Gla
odu, Louis Lacoste, Leopold Lacostei Ma
thilde Ducharme authorizing my wife and
my self, L M Creighton, Pierre Guchereau, 0 F
W Guchereaux, Titine Rand, P Vial.
Moved by O. C. Mouton. seconded by for. hu
cote, that chair appoint a committee of three (3) to
see that petition for annexation tiled this day has
been submitted to 5 of property owners of the lands Cyp
proposed to be annexed in number and value have
signed aforesaid petition, and report at next meeting
for said purpose. The chair appointed on said conm
mittee Dr. J. D, Trahan. J. O. LeBlane and B. Fal,:
Me Moved by T. I. liossat, seconded by O. C. Mou
ton, that constable be allowed no per cent on cattle
and horses empounded, but be allowed a25 a head
on all hogs taken up in city limits.
Moved by O. C. louton, seconded by Jos. Du
cote, that constable be instracted to cause all dogs
4 killed by hint to be hauled and buried at least d(a)
two feet below surface of ground. The expense In
curred to be 5 cents (twenty-five cents) each.
"l'e following ordinance was proposed by Dr;
Trahan (nd unanimously adopted)
R00 elative to the building of cross-roads on the
streets within the corporate limits of the town of La
- fayette. xst. Ire it ordained by the City Council of
44 the town of Lafayette, that no person or persons.
shall be allowed to make or cause to be made
cross roads either of wood. brick or dirt, on any of
its the streets within the corporation, above the level
surfaceot the street; ed that no cross-road already
existing and not in accordance.with above specifica
tion, will be considered lawful, and the person or
persons having made same or caused to bo made
00 shall be notiiied by the constable to remove it and
00 should said notice be not complied with within 3
00 days. the constable shall proceed a: once to have
saus: removed at the expense of whomsoever made
23 or have had road made; and in the event or his re
00 tusal to pay said espense. it shall he recovered to
So gethler with cost of court by due process of law be
tore aiy court of colm.petent jurisdiction~ This or
75 diaince shall take effect after publication in the
00 ofuic.il journals of the council, and all ordinance qr
00 part thercof contrary to the above are hereby re
patlAd.
'There being no furtherbusiness the Council ad
87 jorned to eet on Monday next, the soth day of
J uce i395.
ver A. J. MOSS, Mayor.
.rer BAXTER CLE.GG, Secretary.
a Attention is called to the New Orleans
Daily States Cigar, named after that great
newspaper, the Daily States of New Or
00 leans. They are being sold in large quanti
oo ties throughot this section. n 14.
40 One of the prime essentials to a
48 successful memory is the ability to
50 forget.-West Union Gazette.
3S Go to P. Demanade's and ask for the
o New Orleans Daily States. Get a Jo c.
cigar for 5c. n14.
o Fine razors at Biossat's jewelry -
stole.
Sewing machines sold on monthly
Spayments at Biossat's jewelry
10 store.
t r 1 It is iot what man has but what
he hopes for that makes him happy.
--Dallas News.
1 to A Card.
Addi- I feel it my ditty to let the public know T
that owing to my absence in -onstmn, on
S the zrst of May, I tranferred to a brother
veteran, Oneil Barron, the pleasaant duty
] the of presentiing a bouquet to ,Miss \Vinnie
tin|ly Davis. We were honored hy her presence
| and the presentation of flowers to her was
|bt a fitting compliment due the daughter
| of our dead chief.
A. 1R. LisnoNv,
i~hict Quartermaster Frank Gardner's
pany- Camp No. 58o.
d by I fund roatuing in ety pasture a small
I ash : brown Creole priny which I had barga~uincl
off about a year ugo to some Jypsies. Owner 4
plc canl secure same Ihy proviig ownership anti
fi ft. paying costs. J.AC'QUts CIIAISSON.
lay 2, IS95.
W. BERNARD
BAIBEfl SHOP,
Cllo. DolErNG AUX IbUILDING,
Snear So. I c. I)p1t, 1--22
"McIi- On tite 1Bants tef the Bleautiful I iyou
l t
hird in -
nt.EXCISLI.1ENl' SPRING WATr ER.
riitiitn (OctMO1)IOUS 1ATI' IIOUSES.
attoad l'llenty of Shade. Eles.-cnI $jsIvt lit,
hat line l'hiCnS, Parties, Etc. \:nti for ilrinkih
-s itter- e nd batlhing pttrls:iU' tu-- rpnts|ed . Cotiie
, llstltiig c nsd sue the liace ate.i enjoy a splendced l.ath.
. veii- Temperate and Cold Water
'ih-:1 forr Bathing,
,- tic--c '. -
TIERnE Is A STORJ
COR. COURT,
SQUARE,
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Artaclles"i .
Stationary, etc., Fine Ciar:;, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices
A so a few fine Groceries are to be had and someo
SHardware.
TIIS PLAEC IS OWVNED BY
SIf You Need
sI suit,
-A hat,
A pair of shoes
--Shirts,
-Underwear, .
j2-Neckwear
S--Any kind of wear,
-B ..-ýOall on LEON PLONSKY .
d A. J MOSS A. EMILE MOH
- MOSS & MOUTON ._
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL ..sr
SOOFFICE A N D YA RD NEAR RAILROAD DE I'#I
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles; Dooizi SttI
's Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Magons, Cisterns,
o" Ten, $xo.oo, Ten, $xo.oo, Ten, $xo.oo
SSCREEN OO AT-TE T IONSRN WINDO ,
The TENdency of all TENants of this terrstrial
sphere is to atTENd tothe attractions in'rNded to a
td- benefit thenmto any LxTr.Nt. We thereforex- ex
TENd a cordial invitation to all inTENding to ,
be- take either a small or eXTENsive purchase of Ia
at: o,, , ,o , pring to g . e
the c in th tlrge a
La- lno
Sdisplayed n ,o.oo T, ,$o.oo r st ore.
Syou should not be ctn'vn.ted until you have
3 examined the con all Tats of our store and learn
the great values thee attoffered actions .oo. Newto
an enesuits that would be good value at $2.for to to
ao- $i.oo, alcoral await io t ll inTENingants and the
. property for the small amount of i pro.oo.a o
the clothing
o-' In Crents Furnshin also e andle
SShirts, Underwear, Hats, Suihoes, noetc.
Labe's Former Stand, next to Olivier Hotel
SLiquors, Wines and o
We .on- Te~ . _
amined t Nts of ou r store and learn e -
.. ....
Stoves, Undearnear, Hats, Shoes, etc.
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and ileding Cult ot o... isc "
liarow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton ers, Sulky -
Turning Plow+s Iay is-kestsoa
, Corner of , lelerson anLE VrnilliY n SON LAAY
thet ' -."ee e h
yo--u -Se"ts heap.
-Liquors ,
et fo, -Goods
I -
.. ..... ...=ow+ + 