t . th.
*-l or**
.- -!. -ci
.awl ms deuesnia sdes - n
'- gles h .+tgape see. Las the: vow et
, .Ia.,M-- y. -
!r`:ýi. a .rýmsd siniS lt their broahrl *
- m t .e....... o. w . .. s • t..
"-e pe *t Js we ams have bas street
Soft. C. Debaiu am ismou.Ia a seetom
-se mDiises Cas at Abbalamle tmis week.
O ot A1seasind m.t ms n, dg.
Mr. Alded Ilnner a skilled asrdie tees.
. Mlarlswi was in Laaee M~e nday
- h. M gues datm Sale s
•8 enews"e is wsmpin tseestasidnpsi towhats
ale X gtk dwhe d Aseaae a.
.. Y 1hs re-Oelsa p _
.ir. bha am% oe New -onesn, i- a -o
at --olehk Maswsumed will gie an enter-.
Wr Alasane e Dellwammer, a .accta u
i*shammdge was i hrows M us Mna
E. . arsee anr.. .ade a aris p to
seects he b.d tow mg mep I the epro-
.We have ast t.wee sow. very psetty
"s; C. umms dad penatim. resedl and ao.r s
ll sme. wet tn print fle s ts wree
. .-h oppaortnty to
a . a eayyetdeap Job priae5p,. Dos.
ahe l 'whese caire dertebt fell-us wht yeou
Go I Wagay fer a good sgave ad hair
Mr.. Wil:e.Dragb-rty brother of Mrs. I.
A;. Masnts dier iu ojeara af some days la
, lwasesrdepar-s w h. saoe. Mo day.
e........r , a.a t . e...o.. e b ,t
The rAsha 1hr.... madsr A. c.. lo..1r
SOemils s jprala. Oeedess blaee d ths towst
elm. m as 1 isiit sadThe C.o se.a d..
us..ef ah.@l we houHghn " ntena
yife ads esa. U. Ncw. Qpleesa. Iw etm
* ii. sSeRe olt ad wise b hima
ipedy a.shi. wk ad bee lem daiy eesjamt a
petrm jimer e. sts the ueigrhod op r
Ut. Mriaill, o sad etusee alwyopicy He
eepeel the dl tos moviu us thep ro
* te .uey ra9 gad dshve.ig. sinsr
. Mr. Wibis hgahey rothr . tMrhs
wml-L~beSatrdy sl outy.sad~
sabe~s mduaee atTeOsat esd
UehW~st w. afaete'slesiu
- D~qUad ess.,win Isair ayetr
Is,'em-av~i~shebqdes~e hme l Cal
3~. ad ~me esetist ldy..
~b ~mh .Mr. C. - dosesth
: ...  ... . 4
y: , pu ib:es se, a.s
he s the trnmhe st rweits hfr the*
w e 0. hm weoe we rem M em thdl
w a ieastyatMhe ties,
hai. ie dtimfi s emhCam i si
msewv aCbate e.. TieeC, i
1 :H. iisMsCapss e e.mi ll° sob hea -
3isiiu lain=. Iurg .a ner s mi cht"
tihs d iw hu o r ,nek C Drm - -. -
nTes wibe lie - th. Cath- l - a- h .l
solemn hight as at aseelegee L Ia dIas w
eOly asfer ahie s theu peuIsa. solds . G
There is. a en s, wseamie t el . Arthur P
Gulbsam, ia . .s .rly . ,"s s a dye- r
Aler. DelahoM.riay has. - fw pemed a C
gr4* tOi suwhes mes thr that  as sto l
y oItnle w a nhe fm dhmilps wll bed
somd, ss eh e an d hamp.
Now, thn, Oise s We m ho des n that -
street sprnkler. -
e ehad the p qames at oetihg Mr. J. M
C. !Awns, et 1wns dvs.th st mweak. Mr. -
Rive, we are harppy. s.i . iseuch pleame dI
with lmr mnmasasd eople. ti
Marshal .radleyhos. a!pi.sptSa -ads
lsot Senda. Hi w as o oriing two tomilst
eatide tsthe mite at fstow As he tphat t
bhe depa some sa " Wry appesuiLo sly l
speided the tinsg ame by wo ialag the 
m4-, abaiss iinsrer *.e. prrm'm sne yaem p
will mtes ta."
Eell Girard, the yougietread mm, whow
alLg over him sume days ago has been re.
mo.ed to ri hoes IO ew iesis, wihere, it l
is thought, hose inlusae, will mmd es bhas.e
his recovery.
Every one fpt le the abaotele ameeitiy er a
street sprinkler. s
The awu oft Lafayette s aould have a good e
re company. We suggest the organsation
oatr Hoop ad iltt. der ·cmany. sad be- r
sides the truack, add a few atscocks.'7si la
L Wr could ight a ire t s em advamage.
Miss Stells Trahan the lovely ad accome o
uahed daughter of or. J. 0. Traan., after I
a pleasant stay in New Orlemam estr dig a
hase wmontshs has sretpMrmd home mtckoe the
delight of her namesees friens.
Mr. Leonard Gidry. a M thriving farmer
sliig ab t si miles from Lafayette, killed
a bog last week, weight 5=3 ponads dres
Ssed, sad still we iSal some ftrmers buying
I "store pork."
Welman radford Req, a promlaent young
t business as oft Rayne pabed thrugh Lab. a
Sye e Monday m his way up the road am  al.
t I.op company, and is doing a rushing bal
new. See his advertisemsat in another
colema.
oThe annouscement is made theat the
SBlack Diamonds" mistarel company will
give their eutetitaiment on the 5th lna ant.
A good attendance she td greet the company
for, besides a sure fSe performance, the pro
y its accruing will go to the High 'School
s uilding Furnd.
Mr. Abe Solomon, of Croarese Texas,
who has been visiting his sster Mrs. Jos.
Pleasky took his departure Thursday for
t Chicago, and will exsted his trip to Glean
Springs, Waukesha, Wis. Mr. Solomon has
bees a great traveler, and seys that the
r scenery of the Cot des a section e our
parish is the fnmet thaet he has ever seen.
Capt. Anatole LeBlanc, a veteran Mi>tr
S ipp river and tributarie pilot, amhe wphilo
steamboat chum of The Gazste's senior,is In
Is Lafayette spending some days with his broth
Ser, Ozeme LeBlSanc. Anatole i note only a
first clam pilot, bet a nimeod por esceleses.
fcourse be a ller at. Th e.tre o e,
a ad let us tell you when an easkeeper of the
records and a star-gazer meet the pest loom.
L Mr.L. Satterield, the road contractor,
ris workng on and grading the ptabllc read
Slending from Lafayette eo Carenor, and hum
* reached, lo his workErnest Serard's place.
Mr. Setterfeld says that this is sthe prelmi.
ii nary work, and he will cower the road again
* completed It will be Ln such conaditon that
n oonewil q.estias he· werk hsisg te.eughly
Therew was p araiaght at the mafpetes
robert Alms and GeorgeJeeiason, sereling
a In a victory for Alme in four roend s.. A
- pa* throughLafhayete siaple hi s rray
1. ras l M res L ainaStituta a seasek for
be Implitc tam in the rof the Roberts..
l St. MarilwAvih a few da.agm. 4?eramiur is
mm Th grn aoo t b give for tie
me bentito fbthe it Schioo fund proimA s to
be n ,uitbg iseams 3l evesy pmrdcnlar.
*rya gis men. whr have aS d ug devesmd
mldvm to thIs obect are deteemim i thSat
biaises - k in Lemiaetmm.
sht Mr. a. 5. Alxanader, wemes appliento
for te seees of the ralwayt milb asaice,
put sath dvl5Ion . l.. t widrnk, fid by Usna
s r Ct a ry, at the pomi- * deartmnt,
Yarh *a. e lest Leer yfups 5usa.d *6 pndto
hs hreae bhed, toay. -,
aesd. t maretl J. D. veazey, Weds..
st. n
"il rotor, & Co. have on eaMMtles in
aijn dtl t air rt clp. A pettyoe o ate
-Mr. D.etameeos e theefrom aost ofs
srl of our sreowl g saner town, Young.- thi
til dm estic cat, sad , ewised paid Thedl p
•o., rothers It. havte of the xhiter iars
sak tr1teIr sea remasa tbe specmeta of h
cm e he d oof tmhis curious e
mdiml canot be disti lhed from t hat of ad
the domesti c eat. on l e t thee candal ap
p a this inhabitant of the water beamd t
sech straong esemlahince o the tilotly the
aer eet to mak sherbetsmot impe sib and ale
to disiraguish frcom the other. G and The
Gsette GaetS h ben noticing some will
pro ems goinSg outh the corner buildy the ve
nest to s. Corny'and u pon nquiry the
asoestad that the lady will ashotly opet
an lee erem parlo where daring the se ona
ill be found ot only ice cream, but od e
waSt. ar, lemonade. sherbet. cakes and all
that pertains to a confectionery parlor. The °"
GCsette feels confident that her venture will b·
prove ssccomnl. bi
The aom Lyettoers appointed by the rve
l urMay, April s fo9,r the semrpa ser al
rads, teleracksph and telephones, for the wn
. e-- r md Morp's taech rad, rnalag
parishes of Avyellses, Acadia, Assuadaptloe, i
Ca-smleun Iberia, Jefferson, Lafayette La- is
:ast at Lafayette. Lafayette parish, on th
'ridty. April as, 8s83, for the purposed
We sing the tracks of the railroads k nown
week. WheMorgas ouisana and Tas Louisyardana w
Western kd aMor a a sn'ide track road, Annideng
wasm at the to Att eandri, and ddler wasl t
Sgraph andteephneg pin. The s running trough s
their respective parishes. vi
- DliflpY e Hae Lif. h
We nhesitatingly aseerttk at was gilrod en, and
e the in waest disciplined, amd had been on earth;beyed this
faet was illustrated at the depot one night this
wheekh When .the ight yartdmen wereht
"kicking " a tr In a side track, Alcide
Mouton was givingck as thesignals, en Dooldgt e
was ats qickly dotte, and Swl timddler to catch to
J pull the ouplingke pin. The ightninal for the
red lightneer at its me back fto the given, gineer to
when uder full headway, the signal to pull p
the opin wasd give and had been obeyed,
when the waptchful eye of Mouton iaught
ight of the three men tcrsleng the track; and
Sa two-orse tirre,. Athrees quick as thouersght hearts
signaled for the pin to e replaced, which her
was as quicky don reachd es time to catch the
onpllng; and like a flash of lightning the
adly deplored lighaccident t ht app messagenede to the engineer to
ý placed u when, liame near hoer ht, ent theby
reversoe lever; ble me the lampnd n the ovrck
and i the eflamesfort to hererom gnited her
cothe old and engine shot hery heels around
liase ladyng wheels soon shile she erceived lher
Sa mo ter ship in a storm; ante d justo t n time
. for the young men tg clear the tratck; end tion
for a timesday, three mothers' her rts
r were spred thart rief whortunch only a mothereave
t Mr. hor to fevatte has deep ft of a csympathil
A Ftall.l Accident.
Information reachesThe GaB. zett that
A dly attendeplored ccidmeet hppenofd to the wifeness
g of Mrs. Jules Soceratte in Dusou somey nights
with ince. It appeared tht Mrs. n Ssrvttthe hair, and
c placed a lighted lampne atr her desk, and' by
T, some unaerntable minutes of the lamp was over-revious
I- turned, awd the flames therefrom Ignited her i
U n clthes, oti ing and carery eriedly. The
unfortunawaste decided to soon print she percen thived her
clothe of then lish crcught a quilt terd enthelop samed
n herself in it, but too late to escape serious in
Sjuarry. Although given the best attention
Sknown to edcal skill, the lady comm lingered un
tiA.l WC. Ordway, hen deth ended her onstanuffer
ti, Dr. hs great misfortune and bell, Juliane
meato Mr. Servaand C.tte haston deep felt sympathy
a, The: ILM.A
A fairly attended meeting of the Business
r Men's A-clationaras held Wednesday night,
commith Mr.tee to-C . Motonr. the chandir, party ofnd
SSecretary day.C rdy at his desk.
S The residente minutes of the previousnt a
mmittee o e to confer with a silardepeed ith.
Upom motion made e, antod carried it
wast decided to have prte ted on the obverse
side of the English circub mletter. the same
in in French for general cilation throughout
bo the parish. a r. erh. s
SUpor ftherther motion whie Pa committee wasith thp
Spoillted compoartised of essrs. Cro Girard,
-A. C. Ordway, Fell t Demanade, E. Contapn
SHet Dr. Ch. S., leftMdd Wnesday for HoJulstin
rotonher nd C. W. Gregory, as he is arecee-pin
umwittee toe Mr. A st Metrslie raises th of
cMr. ptlltrles Thmepmen of theedi Lf. W. Raette
Td T the Prsendent thorindly to repoin, mak
M- cemttee of r v to confer with ai milar
Scowiee workom Ag beil, to den, Mr. Jthe
" happyt to forthat notll rseet e of thed.
A l " ca. e for jamedlee. We are in
tha Ate str is brother hakemen ias the
at mating adjuarned.
Aout asy d t omst Ro lled efotlty haniiold
S r M.o t Tne holds thet his toen- ord
W, iid a rtist ae .er rm. . .
oa ' the. L. W. Greody, a he is ac
this week, where w had the ple asur of
wime*g -same of .the bdwucy- Mr.-.vnie Or
Whelams handles No. 54s with Sidney Vallette o
firema; Jo DUner, handsome and grace- to
tal like his papa, Trms the No. 546, with the the
mo lem galkyt Walter Ryan -reman; Mr. Bo
Thoimae Phnnegan palls the thottle on .No. re
553 with Peter McGrath. freasina., k was. on
this perfetion of mechanism that we spent a NI
few happy moments that carried us away back
into the past, when a mother's ear Ilstened
for the signal whistle that told hetr "your hi
boys are all right."
We also had the pleasure-of meeting ma- we
chinist ptt Tierney, Esq. and, MN, Charles in
Higgin, and as Charlie .is a Viginian we.had on
to sbak hani with him tw.ice.
Carness.o ew.. ' . e
!Edidto Lfayette Gesettl :.M
The tdie is coming when our Police Jury, Nt
or she proper authorities; will realize that e
public roads are highways, and not canals M
ato which thevery Tom, Dick antd Harry"
can drasn their fields pastures, or plantations. thi
When we reach that period, lairs will be
enacted, and vegnlations estalilished, that will
make it an easy matter to grade and iiiaintain o
our roads in proper shape. Through constant cli
wear and tear, the washing of the rain,,~and p
blowing of the wind, moat of the p.gic jg- w
ways are several feet below the general leviel
of the country throgt `ic'hpieiipao;bw 'to
as long as the ownesl s'it roEtbardenl g ii
such rOaIds are perniteet4cril alais' drains WI
leading into them, just:sidsar ilLsdi hare- .
impassable roads; and no road overseer, nr. :ca
contractor, will be able to. eep them in phape la
There surely must be some means w3ereby su
this injurious cuLtm could be stopped, and
some remedlM plan afforded. - :
Mr. Stokes,one of Sunaet's'leading-business IL
men, Was in Carencro last Saturday, m I
It is remarked that "Captain" Collier, the N
well known detective of Lafayette, has been w
summoned to Chicago to enter the secret set pi
vice-of that city. 'He will be accompanied by rc
his secretary, Mr. Fidtz Plfcrkorn, the
"Canelia fiend." Baby Parrott will look a
after the-interests of the hom; office during a
their absence.
Mayor Courtney has issued his proclama
tion announcing an election for municipd
officers for the corporation of Caretcro to be
.held on May r. - 1 s
Mr. Geo. E. Brown, is having his large
store building thoroughly repaired and
painted. The front is to be completely
changed, and two large show windows will
improve its appearance. When the carpen- i
ters and painters have finished their work, it
will be one of our most attractive stores. t
Mr. Wm. Cantine, of New Iberia, is here,
having contracts for the building of serveral
wind-mills in the immediate vicinity of town.
Mr. Edwin Estilette has- opened a barber
shop in the -building adjoining Mr. A.
Breaux's Saloon. -.
Easter is coming, when the "small boys" .
.rith the varic-colored eggs will be in his
glry ..
In the last issue of the l'Ake Cha -f°AIo,
your correspondent sees that our old friend
and former ;fellow townsnian, Mr.- G.
Schmulen,is meeting with sccess in that city.
In addition to a mnerchanilise and inillinery
establishment, he will ' onduct a general
commission business.
a Carencro needs a gfod butcher shop,
e where the purchaser cati get the meat that
s suits him and for which he is willing to pay.
The present co-operative'butchery plan, that I
has been in existence in this section for
many years, has lived out its usefulness, It
r is a puculiar method, in lien of which, any
e thing would be an improvement.
r Our popular and genial parish Supt. of Pub
d lie Schools; Mr. H. E. Toll, went to Lafa
. yette last Saturday to pay .the teachers.
a Mr. Chas. Lusted, and 'Mr. I)uverny, the
'. wide-awake" representative of A. Mackie,
were in town last Saturday, . We regret not
having been on hand to 'entertain them.
STorTiESItt VEfans.
Royville Items.
Editor Lafayette Gazette.
a The public school situated here is in a
flourishing condition, with-children of both
Ssexes attending. The school is in charge of
Prof. Webb, who regards education as one of
a his hobbies, and is untiring in his efforts to
instill into the minds of his .pupils the- most
it useful and strictest principles of virtute, as well
l as knowledge of a practical eduication.
e Messrs. B. P. Landry..and others have re
it turned from the sea-coast where they had
been sojourning for the past two weeks.
. Mr. Landry report; having, had an excellent
time, with an afundance of fish, oysters, and
. game. Chenier Lacroix, Cheniere-au-Tigre,
n and other places were visited.
a The base;ball craze that -has struck New
,fl Orians has reached Royville and our
It crick nine are inthe "swim." The captain
of the club Mr. P. R. Royj wouid like tohcar
a from r ny club ina ther paihRt.
nr Among the viiMtors to I~tyetie, this week,
ie from our village, :te notes:' Mrs. Scrantdn
me and daughter, Ru.b7; M , l iscsn .Brous.
sard, R. O. Young, P. oy and J. P
me ]Domengeaux.
Hon. O. CadA "as .ca14 to New Iberia
Saturday on important btsiness. -
Our town was crowde-with strangers this
Sr week, amoingst the number we met Doctors
or R. J. and F. F. Young, of Abbeville, Messrs.
he Trlay, Fontenot and Dr. F. R. Tolson, of
s Lafayette, J. A. Roy, JI. .Olivier, E. Labbe,
Dr. Latiolais, and the Bilaud brothers, from
is Brossardville.. -
te Happy "Joe" Leblanc is now sporting a
new buggy, and "tookl in" .Lake Simonette
r. in grand style last Sunday..
m Prof. Latiolais, of Brouseard was in town
Monday and called on "ye"eibe." -"
e- Dr. and Mrs. Dsplex i--iied- Villierville
r5 this week. - -. - -. " "-.
he One of our friends was sen-buggy. riding
Sunday, and with him (from the corner of our
II- I eye) we caught a glimpse of his best girl.
ie That's right "Dilon." keep the ball a-rol
es ling, and vindicate the "(Old -Dame's" ru
mor.
b . Your correspondent was informed that a
as telephone line would be the nxt move made
re by our citizeas, whiclh it iWtende.d shall-be
built at da early-date, thiisplaclak Rhyvillt
In- in direct dometion with i-tlethieri.towns
ad - - CaraROKEEt.
a IB atn Ule Drl i isags.
:I , Laofaytr fte .,
- The operation ptormed'lalt Saturday on
r. Sevene Boadrtnaux's lgg. proved quite
. Mr. Boudreaux had been isf
ig for more than twenty yLears with.
in balsgly iimrb ore. Somne two months
ago he went to the Charity Hospital in New
Orleans -to- undergo uteatment, but failed to
obtain a satisfactory one. On "ias return
Drs. Traham, Scranton and Latiolais decided
to attempt ap pperatio't, and . ltresulted in
the cutting of his leg, saving the ktnee. M. E ..
"Iotidr&aux'is doing well,-'and is. 'estpicted to."
recover shortly from theyrvvere operation. --.
'The iinking of the artesian well' at Mr. "
Billanduds sugir ntill'Wi begun last Monday. WW
Ninety feet were bored the first day. ..
Constable C~iorge ~faagarit left for New'
'Orleans-Sunday. Gdorge oint'in .three mes
sengrs,l. the shape of hoqres to anpounce.
his prompt return.
A gaodly number from= our little town
went to ý tness thehanging of Louis Michel,.
in St. ?startinville last Friday.
None of the town boys are to be seen around
on.. Sunday. .. ,All .ot .,calling , on. their
counsins or more distant relatives. Get your
weddiegcardi'tlshape, Mr. Editor:- -
:"A `progressive euchr. game was played at
Mrs. J. A. Roys's last evening by Misises
Nellies&lailey Haydne -Tfahan, Lella Nick
efsoni .snd Messrs. Ed. L. Estorge, Henry
ournet, J. M. and L. P. Olivier' Mr. ;."
-M. Olivier carried the honors of the game. ,'
Our worthy agent, Mr. Gardemal, tell4.us
that business is sodrill that helhas any amoun't
of spare time.
The opening of the season; the grandest
.occasion of the year . ! Easter Suniday cel.:'
brationtl I! Eall-in ranks, boys i Graahdso
craI 'athering, ballalt.eaceogion, torch light
-peocession, series of tal'leai,*; all to conclude
with a dance ato:St.7'tullk's Hall:". - prize
tbobe awarded .to .the best dancer apt part;
ner.. Be sure to gtve your Vist girl a cdhance
to win,'dot'C~bs looheavor L.ts:of fan to:
those wgho knpoT how vo, or thrc ..batJd -
wil be'iri attendance t6 urns'didcfiagand"
"o peatic musi"' " Fail l"sif tdlatteld:- ·:
Why should not the High School theal:,.
:cal company give our town a trial, such a
laudable5 purpose would surely -meet -with
success.
DUBARDI EU.
The Gazette cong~pouljtes its yonng friend
I,. P. Bagarry on his marriage to Miss M~a
mie Boas, which happy event occurred in
New - Iberia last Thursday. The Gazette
was kiftdly remembered, and hope that their
path through life-will always be strewn with
roses.
Services at the -AJethodist Church--FiTst -
'and third Sundays. Sunday;School at. 9;.
a. m. H. ARMSTRONG.
Pastor.
Public Sale.
SUCCESSION OP EMILE CREIGHTON. DE
CEASED.
SNotice is hereby given that by" virtue of an order I
from the Honorable District Cqurt in and for the
parish of Lafayette. there will be sold at public'aSrc
I tion. to the last and highest bidder, by.the under
signed Sheriff, at the last residence of the deceased
in this parish, on -
Saturday. the 224. day or Aprill. 189.
the following described property, to-wit:
One certain plantation situated in Pilet Cove.;in
the Parish of Latayette. meaintring five arpenLt front
Son Bayou Vernlilion. by turty arpent in depth.
bounded above by plantation of Mrs. ()doide Mou
ton and below by plantation of Raisin W'allis and
east by land of the Estate, together with at1 the build
ings and improvements thereon, including the crop of
cane plants on said place.'
.One certain tract of prairie and wood land. ituatcd
in Lafayhtte [Irilth containing eighty seven superfi
cial arpents. more or less, bounded north by iiavou
Tgorrse Aiind;Lake Charlo, east and south by land of.
s Rosemond Iandry and west by land of Jnacques )
?Lfoutrn and sisters. M's:.- Mathilde (.ardner. "mrs
Odeide Mouton. hMrs. Euphemie Creighton. S. R.
.Wallis, and assigns anti loseph Chevallier and Elise
'Thibodeaux, known as the Habten tract or swamp.
3 s .a.'ir of brown males.
One pwir 8f_gv and black mules.
One pair of darkllaeid....
One red mule. ' m
One bay buiggy horse. 5.'wL ra,. •,
y One pair yolng oxen : one pair old oxen: two
calves and old cow : onberld cow Cd.ealf ; fdur oeif
rs : one os cart; ornet cane ct ; tao .bd wagaons .
Sone buggy -,'iW Lttri''.: ftur-old pgins " tour Avery
plows : s collars and five harness five blind bridles-.
two spades and three hoes ; two cttitivators: one old
cultivator: harrows; hay forks: platform scales;
one beam scales; one double plow; two sweeps; about
oan barrels of corn; about ma loads of penianes: abott
do barrels ofipeas; old cotton press; lot of old lmbher;
lot of briclk'.s cane knives; one water cooler: one
armoir: one dressing case: one wash stand ; one
a center table ; four chairs ; two rockers etc., etc.
- TERMIS ANI) CONDITIONS;
All the Ionvables will be sold for Cash on day of
sale ; and the immovables, one third Cash and the
balance in two equal instalments, payable rcspec
tively February 5. 2894 nnd 1895. bearing interest at
eight per cent..pcr annum thereon. from date of sale.
Still d, with ten per centas penal clause. as attor
neys fees n case of suit, on the aggregate amouatt
recovered, the payment of which credit portion of
e said purchase price to be secured. by vendor's privia
lege and special mortgage on tht prqperty sold, and
same to be represented bm promisor' notes drawn to
the order of the Admdnit aton for thie use -of said Es
tate, and in solido, in case of joint purchaser ; pur
chaser or purchasers to confess judgment in favor of
said estalte in-capital. interest. attorney's fees and
charges, and authoririttg executory process to isstue
before any court Of competent jurisdiction. in'de
fault of payment at maturity. and binding them-.
selves iad heirs not to sell or alienate'the property
purchased to the c'reludice of said mortgage and
right to sell aforesaid.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
h : . Sheriff. Lafayette h 'alish, .a.
o T Sheriff's Sale
.o-SATE OF- LOUISI1ANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YETTE-NO. -
1. A. Ciassosn Vs. GCloAtras hanks. -
By virtue of a writ of seizure and sale. issted fron
the Honorable Jtdge of the t7th Judicial D)istrict
Court. in and for the parish of Latayette. State of
SLouisiana,. and to me'directed. I have seized and
will offer for sale, at public auction, to the last and
highest bidder, at the Court House, in the town of
It Lafayette. Louisiana, on
id Saturday. April 22. 1893.
between, the legal sale houts the following de
b, serboed proprty to-wit:
A certain tract of land sitatedin the parish Of La
layette and State of Louisiana. with all the butildings
and impro ements thereon standing ao d thereto -ho -
longing. Said tract of land containing fifty suporti
ir loal arpent. and is bounded North by lanf '.u
gene LeBlanc; South by land of. J. Snith or puoblic
n road; East by .land of . A. Chihasson. and \Vet by.
land o Mrs. Hernard t.elanc. being poan of same
r prperty acquired by vendlor from Joseph A. Green.
ISAAC A. FROU$SAlR1).
C " Sheriff P-rish of Iafayette.
-O1TICC.
-' The quasrtr. meeting et tbe Faroers- .arifh -
i Union of thd pjsrish ofLathyette. will be held at La'
fayete, April 8, a893..-A foil attendanre is requaested.
bee
S . " AV.AE. DUPUIS Pruesdent.
Valuable Town Lots.
of I.ois Nos. 54, 195 and iL , situated in
the Mills addition, measuring looxm4o fect;
Cs also improved propertla on Main stret tp
lmposite J. E. Martin's plce. Terms reason
able. For further particulars apply to
• Tin GAZIrT'rt.
NOTICE - .
n/ The undersigned wishes those -ho have
borrowed tools from him to return same at
le] once as I need them. - Wit. TANNER.
La~fiiettd,'March 3O, 1893,
rli "CRYSTAL LENSES
ual-t/ lin t sat ... aT..
S J."-E;' 'TIRAHAN, Drutggist, has
eaclusive sale of these Celebrated
00 (ilasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
--fattory of Kellam & Moore,, the
,. only complete optical -plant in the
lbs Southi;-,Atlata, Ga .
T - o Tpaint -
our h ouse.
Th .is t tu
IN PAINT iase the BEST mnaterlal you can buyt. o wUlidd
the CMEATt - .
I=" " ' it is not what youPAY - . -
" for or a thing, but what
: ou REALIZE ,from it
that detereplpes th ..;
econ~ny. of Its pur...'
chas.e
';: -+-ma--wt MIXED A... . . + " +
C.1. " " " " PAINT, 1,
: I st $O NOR~, . t)an inferior.grades but-atd h"fliffditely sape iri." -
OS. .. B ..
It Has Told! W
'it ls Tling !
-.-. . .t w. -
WA_;T____ A iCHMA -' -AND JE t
Is contiually. receiving the-finest lirne irn
S.el Gold ahd Il C..1Aatches. - :::
Diamonds, :-P :Y.as Js
Silverware,
Cutler o Best Orades,. ,- ,
la the ltratMt o-elties I "etry -
Spectacles a Specialty;
Prompt attention gi.eti t9. ,(il and express orders.: .. ;
r T M., BIO8SAT,.
L.af yette T .
"A. J. .$ .
<>YLUMBGD a
AT WHOLESALE and RETAII o.
OFFICE AND ,YARD NEAR RAI-LROAD DEPS-O,'.,
1LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA. .
f Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rlough and Dressed, ~hingles, Doors Sb -
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewoo4}T:
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plo '.
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corti planters, H.at R ,nd .
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
d PROMPT }L
LAFAYETTE .
GAzETT .E
"! CI-WAP
•S . "oug ""u
. e- CH.AS: - .
lie : . ".
.1.:~ ~ ~~~ ~~~~- -·is etes'SlRg;  "-'i
.. . ;' . ..,