-calned up Monday beore
tays(o what is known as cd
Sside) submitted to the
thre exceptions, to-wit:1
of the ort oD the grond that be.
mntt fer a municipal election, and
lA~leo.
i nterest was manifested in I
isse, and the court house waser
during argument of the
for the. opened, counsel formen
in thatf what is known as
" of c side) submitted to the case as
aoon the rst exceptions, to-wit: of
rt sustained the defendants except to the jutis
Ictention of the court on the groind that be
. premises for, and, nicip electioquence, nd
see being no express statutory authority
SJg e ort jurisdiction, it has no power I
Sthe merits asof the ase.dismissed.
It is, perhapst the tunfo chrter provides
te case for the ofuld ce of councime an, brupt
pmannertf , therefore, thave o allega of action. o
iegard-Tht petition of plaintiffs is de
Sthat it is not ccompsnied by a se.
R of citizu interested in the case asbeen
;111 - provided by law.
~s. After hearing argument, pro and a
-°e, on the first exception, part of an
Mondry and part of Tuesday, the ad
ivart sustained th he defendants'
cos chargtenti esn of no jurisdiction in the
prmises, remad, in consequence, the
_ ease was dismissed. 1
It is, perhaps, unforturadicte that
blote cait should end in this abruptch
manner, because the allegations of
fraud in alegal sense. and it was for
st isourse, had the case beenthat
on its merits, instead of an
o technicaities would have cleared up
C'w charges of illegal voting ad
advantaged of, andin the case.the case
tihould to be regretted that these
Sserits. charges, of illegal voting,
should remain on the records of the
parish, legally uncontradicted, to d
blroundt its for such chname, inasmuch fu
as it has been, heretofore, ex-dy
ceptionally free from any taint ofnd
fraud in elections,h and it was for ni
that reason that The Gazette, in its eproof
enst issue,y will come out of thate or
no technicalitiess, but ioud guilhe taken
the future safety and sacredness of
advantage of, and that the casey n
should be decided solely upon itsn r
To prevent the possibility of uge.
grounds for such charges in the fu- w
ture, there is one efficacious remedy ai
left, and that is, that the citizens t.
hoatere interested in the matter S
thdge complaints before the grand
.; jury against each and every one cu
there there exist reasonable proof
of having illegally voted. If inno- Fe
ofent they will come out of the or- in
rodel spotless, but if found probabilty D
the future safety and sacredness of
^ie ballot box require that they op
should expiate their misdoings in la:
the pen at Baton Rouge.h if they wish
THE OPPOR7Y7TNITY H1ERE. C(
Millions of dollars are invested in wge
United States bonds at 3 per cent. Ci
interesd again that, per annnm; because they fi
afford a safe guarantee of protec- lax
ion to the original investment.
f some of these investors felt that YesR.
they could place their money in en
terprises with reasonable assurance po
of safety to the money so placed,with str
prohe spects of from 30 to iSo per cent. thc
profit, they would in all probability
bee a glad to embrace the opportunity. tai
- o.tunity ehinsts, and raties of a couplewho fai
have knowledge of suCreigch, if they wish
to see them utilized, should devise aplan
some meall me ooo tons that knowledge t
.fIroAo toat the swoldi the moneyr $4-75 in
The Gazette has contended time t a refery 75 milesde
and again that, not onthe figures o-any u
L ay ette. For instance, letus ml,
one opportunity in the shapceatsn
i itrasugr refinery. Would a(pnt
4~)n~ t ~w~l re
of~~ :~ qhel 1Ar
te.' at. Cainni 4 _~r
Uni Stites pnds. ;, this
do not take inf c Iside
j3 stated, the paiot that ould follow
rom its operation, which would
end range anywhere from 30 to 35o per
- cent.
13. Can any other investment offer
a larger and surer return ? We
think not.
Solid Improvements.
Mr. Martial Billaud, one of our
in most successful and enterprising su
as gar planters, has just completed the
be sinking of a very deep well on his
sugar plantation near Broussardville.
The object in view was the testing
or of the water supply to be obtained
there. The purpose of Mr. Billaud
ýe being the establishment of a sugar
refinery upon his place next year, if
,e- sufficient water was found easy of
access. A short time since the
Planter's Well Co.; of New Orleans,
Mr. Paul. Tauzet being in charge,
ad undertook the contract of boring
the well, and after 8 days labor
a succeeded in obtaining a depth of
'U 3ox feet and x s inches, from which
da large flow of the purest water was
of obtained. The well is 4 inches in
1e diameter and 23a inch pipe pump
:s, tested i5o gallons per minute. The
ze volume of water in the well in- a
he creased rather than diminished dur
ing the test, lasting 24 hours. Rock
at bottom was reached, and the water
issues clear and cold. It is under
of stood that Mr. Billaud intends sink
_ ing several additional wells on his
plantation, so well pleased is he s
n with tld'results of his experiment. I
n Messrs. Billaud, Estorge & Co..
of Broussardville, are erecting a
large ginnery near the depot in that
town, and Mr. C. W. George, of s
New Iberia, the contractor, prom
ises to complete the same by Sep- v
tember x. Such enterprises as these
eo deserve the highest praise as exhib- I
h iting the energetic and progressive
C- spirit of the promoters. The real
) prosperity of Lafayette parish lie, it
r it is now clearly evident, not in c
:s ephemeral and spasmodic efforts to t
Establish doubtful railroad connec- a
n tions, but it lies in the steady and a
normal development of the material c
s resources of the country, such as p
indicated in the two instances above tl
recited, as well as certain industries "
wherein the people can contribute i
and reap some of the advantages of
their operation, as for instance it
r sugar refineries. 1i
3 Go to Bagarry for a good shave and hair
cut. a - h
f Carencro News.
Form Our Regular Correspondent.
-Miss Blanche Menier is spend- tv
ing a while with her aunt, Madame
Y D. Micaud. A
f -Mr. Thomas Elliott, of New
r Orleans, was a visitor in our town T
last week.
-Sugar cane $4.25 per ton f. o. Ed
b., which means about $85 per acre.
Cotton 7%ic. per pound f. o b.,
which means about $35 per acre. sty
Can there be any question which is Jd
the most profitable crop ? The dif- dc
ferencc almost pays the value of the fri
land on which the crop is raised.
-Track-laying on the Teche R. thi
R. has commenced. tic
-A shanty situated near the de- br.
pot, and occupied by negroes was co
struck by lightning on the c ith des- ha,
troying the chimney and damaging thi
the gable end of the building.* ow
-Mr. H. C. Lndlow and son re- the
turned to New Orleans last Saturday su;
after spending a few days with the cot
family of Mr. L. G. Stelly. in
-Cotton picking is actively under not
way.
-Mrs. Charlotte Martin nee o
Mouton, the wife of one of our lead- rep
ing planters, Mr. Horace Martin, gru
died at her residence on Saturday, gu'
August 13, at 6 p.m. Mrs. Martin 'eol
was a daughter of Gen'l Alfred Mou- his
ton; she possessed a most lovable cial
disposition, and was sincerely ad- of
mired by a large circle of relatives culi
and friends for her many womanly ial
and noble qualities. To these by
friends and relatives The Gazette had
extends its sympathy in their sor- Ce'
row. The interment took place in '
Carencro last Sunday. Eve
-Rev. Father Laforest has an- cen
nounced his intention of openingAd
two parochial schools, one for boys I
add one for girls, on Sept. 4th. suc
cert
-Dr. Guilbeau, of Breaux Bridge, this
was the guest of our worthy citizen, full
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau, last week. key
-Father Moise, of Washington, trut
La., and Father Forge, of Lafa- a m
yette, were visitors at Father La- Adv
forest's, last Saturday. as t
-The statement of the People's tend
State Bank of Lafayette issued Au- ih
gust x, shows thatinstitution to be Pt
4fn a solid condition. clud
.-J. Blum went on a business e
trip to Opelousas last Sunday. ret
-The negroes of this section are o
undoubtedly the best behaved of ser
their race to be found anywhere.; ,
civil, honest, and obedient; and the a
white people seldom find cause for 1
complaint. aat
-Adam Sonnier and Francois the
Arcenaux have returned home from gene
_ -.
=Thc vit to $) '* BajYou 'o the
Watkint .iLroai itrhere thqy'jaaos
roe eks i nting and fsh
t y report h had a glors
ti~e. to'iEM VanzER .
Re Iyvi t Itemas.
ruld r Or Regular correspondet.
--The continued and incessant
per rains have, to some extent, retarded
the cutting and binding .of rice.
ier With a few days of dry weather.
We our farmers would flourish and
could then devote t eir time to cot
ton picking. We expect a very
larger cotton crop this year, as a
cur great number of farmers, who bad
planted rice last year, turned -all
sn- their lands this eason into cotton.
-t-The accomplished . Miss Lea
his Gladu, of Lafayette, is visiting
le. Royville, an invited guest of Dr.
ing Scranton and family.
led -Misses Lelia Cornay and Adele
ud Young, two sweet little Misses from
Lafayette, spent a few days in our
,ar village, guests of Miss Beulah
if Young.
of -We are informed that P. B.
he Roy, Esq., accompanied by. Miss
is, Althea, and Mr. P. R. Roy will
e, leave on Sept. x for the world's
fair, and will also visit the principal
ng and largest cities of the United
'or States.
of -Dr. R. O. Young and Druggist
ch J. R. Domengeaux, attended the
as the K. of P. meeting last Thursday.
in -The financial crisis now pre
vailing seems to have no effect
p whatever on Royville-weddings,
he races and buildings still going on,
in- a proof that our people are solid.
ir and can yet, for a. while stand the
ck crush.
ter -Postmaster D. Bonnemaison re
r- turned from Texas, looking hale
and hearty.
-Messrs. David & Son are hav
us ing built a large blacksmith and
he wheelwright shop on their lot facing
It. Dr. Young's home. These gentle
., men are fineworkmen, and control
aa large business in their line.
at -Judge Sidney Greig, of the 5th
ward, was a welcome visitor to our
of sanctum Sunday.
2- -Mr. A. L. Dyer and family
p- were visitors to Lafayette Sunday.
se -The public toad facing Lessin
b- Broussard's home is in a fearful
ye and nearly impassable condition.
al There are mud holes which are
very bad and boggy, and for ladies
e, it is very dangerous. Whether mali
in ciously or not we cannot tell, but
to this gentleman has built a levee
c- about three feet high, right across
the natural course of the water,
and consequently his neighbors are I
al overflowed, and the road facing his
as place is merely a lake. Cannot
ve the Police' Jury take some action
es in this matter, and ascertain wheth
er Mr. Broussard has a right to stop
the natural.flow of water?
-A bouncing little stranger made
e its appearance in Dr. l)tpleix' home
last Sunday. He was cordially
r welcomed by the family, and will.5
hereafter be considered one of the I
happy circle. Mother and child
doing well.
-Misses Wallis and Hilliard,
two charming young ladies of Lafa
e yette, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. B
A. L. Dyer. Ci-IFEROKEE. C
The Advertiser vs. The Secretary
of The Police Ju-ry.
Editor Iafayette Gazette :
The Lafayette Advertiser, in its last issue,
proceeds in rather pompous and bombastic A
'style to arraign the Secretary of the Police 21
Jury because he "in utter disregard of his 4t
duty, delays giving us the Police Jury pro- Si
ceedings owing to the fact that his personal
friends in the office of The Gazette have to I;
be served first" etc. Now, so far as any Fi
threats or efforts at bluff contained in the ar
ticle is concerned, they are as "sounding di
- brass and tinkling cymbal" and deserve no
5 consideration whatever. If the Advertiser
- has'any rights that have been violated, or if
that journal has suffered any pecuniary loss fri
owing to the "utter disregard of duty" on to
- the part of the clerk it is most respectfully tin
suggested that the Police Jury, and the til
courts, if necessary, provide ample recourse fa
in the premises. The Advertisor should
not sleep upon its rights. an
A smile of incredulity involuntarily passes to
over one's countenance as the able editorial
repertoire proceeds to unburden its ag be
grieved spirit in the following pathatic lan- the
guage: "We are really shocked that so ut- of
terly conscientious a person, should allow dtr
his personal liking to override his plain offi- ev
cial duty." This is truly the hardest hit loc
of all. Shocked ! yes, shocked! The pe- no
culiarly sensitive temperament of the jour- th
eal is admitted, and it must be confessed
by the "conscientious" secretary that he On
had no intention whatever to disturb the tin
evenly balanced complacency or composure pi
as the case may be, of the worthy organ. the
Everybody knows from the experience of re- are
cent events in this parish and town that the l
Advertiser has been shrewdly conducted
with an eye single to "business," and when -
such sentimental gush is expressed it must
certainly be taken with a grain of salt. But
this self-sacrificing public servant very .art
fully tunes "fiddle" and plays "jig" the
keynote of which is the popular chord. In
truth the entire matter is narrowed down to h
a matter of personal pique, as between the
Advertiser and The Gazette. But inasmuch o
as this article might drift into quite an ex- 0
tended discussion of the issues involved,
without interest or benefit to the general
public, the writer deems it proper to on- U
elude the entire matter, by making a state
ment of the facts, in thecause, in order to cor
rect any misapprehension which might ex- A1
ist as to any injustice or hardship alleged ,
to have been perpetrated upon The Adver
tiser. Ilad these facs been stated by that *
journal no reply would have been necessary Oct
to the criticism under discussion. The Po- f
lice Jury meets on Monday, and adjourns at
a late hour, the secretary being detained in
the office very oEten until after dark. As a
general rule, owing to fatigue, work in pre- .24
thi pa iit; at ..kf5au 6 a ccounts, etc..,
Wd Wedms .
day sh the official
sI j . without , which saf airainded
pessqauteallctsdit concede give mpl time
for pllation a the sulasequsft Saturday.
lpwever oa the occasion referred to thue
secretary completed the. minutes by Tuesday
t noon, and personal comnwie,se and hot per
led sonal preference, allowed The Gazette the
CC. "copy" for that afternoon. This done that
both journals might be accommodated,
without prejudice, or that any- nconvenience
t- might result to any party interested. It may
cry be necessary here to explain that The Ga
a zette, or any other journal for that matter,
ad has the privilege of examining the oli-al
record and taking therefrom a copy of the
' Police Jury proceedings. This would very
.ea often prove disagreeable and exceedingly
ing inconvenient to the clerk, who is responsi
ble for the safekeeping of the parochial ar
chives. The contention of the Advertiser
ele that it has preference by reason of a con
nm tract to print the official proceedings is not
ur coaceded and that there was any unusual
lah "delay" in the transmission of the proceed
ings is emphatically denied, as the "copy"
B. was placed in the hands of the editor at 9.
as o'clock Wednesday morning by the secretary
ill and what is further the editor lost page 2 of
d's the copy and requested and obtained from
)al the secretary a duplicate thereof. If the
*d official journal receives a copy of the pro
ceedings on Wednesday morning, as has
1st been the case all along during the present
he management of the Advertiser and for that
matter a practice followed by the secretary
since his installation in 1888, there certainly
ct can be no valid grounds for complaint. The
contention of the Advertiser to be served
s, ,first is extremely puerile and animated by
id. personal pique as is evidenced from the fact
t 'hat the complaint is based upon no other
ground than that of precedence.
The procceedings will be given whenever
_ practicable on Wednesday morning, and
e while the Advertiser will be accorded fair
and honorable treatment so far as lies in
v- the power of the secretary, yet in justice to
rd all an impartial attitude will be maintained
ig as to the conflicting interests of-the respec
.e- tive journals. The Gazette is entitled to
1o and shall certainly receive due consideration
in its efforts to advance the general interests
th of the community. No doubt the Advertiser
ur will graciously accord the secretary some
little lattitude in the matter of personal con
ly venience as long as it comports with a fair
and reasonable allowance of time for publi
in cation of the official proceedings.
Rul . C. GREIG.
I. Isle Pilette School Report.
re ISLE PILETTE, Aug. It, 1893.
eS To the Editor Lalayette Gazette:
i- You will find enclosed the monthly re
ut ports of Isle Pilette School for the months
ending July 14 and Aug.-s 3, 1893.
Monthly report for the month ending
SS July 14, 1893:
PUPILS ENROLLED DURING MONTH.
e Bo
re G irls ................................................ ............... 38
is GirTotal ....................................6
AVLeR(AG. DAILY ATTENDANCE.
I - ---OY- -----S ...........-.--- . 10117
p G irls . .. .. ................ ........... i 6 3117
Total... ............. ... ..........4 1 131'7
STUDI'ES.
Alphabet ......... ..14 Ist Reader........... IS
I'd 2dRader ..........1..11 3(d Reader ....... 16
5th Reader.............. 2 Speller ......... .... 13
e l'nn'anship ............47 Mental Arith........ 33
Written Arith........ 28 Geography.......... 11
Grammar ........... 9 History................. g
Physiology ..........28 French ................. 33
AMonthly report for the month ending
Aug. II, g893:
tPJPILS EN.)oLLE.D.
Boys ..... . ......... .............. ... ..... ............... 45
Girls ............. .......................
y Total ............................ ..............69
AVE:RA}; E ATTIENDANCE.
Boyc.. -.... ..................... . . ... 37
Girls.................................... .............20
STUDIES.
C Alphabet& Primer, 14 Ist Reader............19
e 2nd Reader ..............14 3d Reader.............. 18
is 4th Reader :............. 2 5th Reader............ a
Speller.....................13 Penmanship ..........55
Mental Arith..........31 Written Arith........38 3
Geography..............12 Grammar ..............
0 History....................z2 Physi logy............24
y French......................37
General deportment, fair; progress and
dilligence, good.
SA.Ex M.AItX, Teacher.
[Communicated]
That Cow 0' Mine.
That cow o' mine which was a welcome
friend at her morning and night calls is now
to be pittied, having to be staked all the
time in the hot, scorching sun from morn
till night. Who would ever dream that her
fate was so near, when looking at our vast
prairies a few years back.
It is really a burden to those having stock
and no pastures to put them in. One has
to wade knee deep in the grass to stake his
cow or horse, and he mnst start early in
order to give his animal a chance to fill up
before it is too hot; and again he must keep
them in close confinement during the heat
of the day. Considering our free and in
dependent country all this seems quite
strange for the time being. The time might
eventually come to that stage, but really it
looks too early yet for this country. Could
not the stock law be amended a little to
ease up on those having no way to keep
their stock except at the end of a rope!
Suppose one would get his stock
on vacant lotswith some to herd them inday -
time and pen them up at night; how would
that do? would it interfere with the pros
perity of the town? or would it not relieve
those who are deprived of pastures and
are dependent on a little milk for their
little ones. Let us hope that there will be
leniency towards the poorer class.
SYMpATHIZmEz.
Constable Sale.
Notice is hereby given that I will sell at public
auction at my office in Scott. La., on
Saturday, September 2, 1893,
the following described sfock taken up by me in com
pisace with the parish stock law. to wit.
One dun mare.
Onu bay horse. T.
One brown horse.
One dun two year old colt.
One black yearlLg colt.
D. ARCENAUTX. Constable. -
LA. STATE UNIVERSITY I
-AND-
A-RICULTURAL I MECAIIICAL COULESE.
d. W. AOCHO WON, LL D., Preeident
The next session will open as the 51th of
October with a full and able corps of. Pro
fessors. Healthy locality, good discipline,
thMeugh instruction, free tuition. Total
cost f maintainance per year $535.
L:.F further informatian address(c
ALVAN C. READ, Secretary,
- · BATON RoQgs, La.
Dr ,. ' J a
cniextt* nk building, LA4pjatf l, E w.
COLUMBIA RICE MILL
NEW YORK,
Will close for repairs and enlarge
ment in early August.
No new toll engagements can be
undertaken before September.
Correspondence regarding future
business solicited and general infor
mation respecting rice most willing
ly furnished.
1DAN TALMAGE'S SONS,
july z5 1 15 Wall Street,
Beausej our Parka_
On the Banks of Beautiful Bayou Vermilion.
EXCELLENT Spring Water,
COMMODIOUS Bath Houses,
- Lange Dancing Platform. Beautiful Ground.; and Plenty of Shade. Elegant Spt for Pic
a nices, Parties, Etc. Water for drinking and bathing purposes unsarpassa.l.
Comre and see the place and enjoy a splendid bath.
SII)NEY ilOULTON, MIanagler.
6 New- Store!
Alex. DelalhousLave,
tS Has Just Opened next to Lactste's a Gc;ecr:l
S Where at all times wi!l be foun-l the freshes and fine st gradn-s or goods in his lini'.
An invitation is extended to all t caill at hi; store.
IS - -------
G. LACOSTE,
-- DEALE.I IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriaes
and WACONS,
8 Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc -Harrow Leaver Drag
Harow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
COrner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYETTE, LA.
Land Attorney, Surveyor, and
Real Estate Agent.
ALSO REPRERENTING THE
MANHATTAN
2- Loan Association.
This company negotiates loans on real estate, making payments of principal quite as easy
as interest payments on the old plan of loans. For further if9panation address or apply to
Welman" Bradford,
Agent, Rayne, La.
THERE Is A STORE
/ ON THE SOUTHWEST
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
Where Pure. Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
A lso a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY W X. CLE G -.
The Singei
$&wing Machine.
Is the best in th¢ yworld. Light Running, Durable, Noiseless, Simple.
.2HARLES BAUDIER
c n Agen t For Lafayette Parish.
Offcice at J. P, r Shloe Store pc
· -? ·r - I . i ' ?X
- -~1 -
Vpl I Town Lots.
Lots Nos. s95 and is shi d in1
the Mills add measuring tooxý lfeet
also imn(ovedLroprty on ittn~ s- t op
posite J. M an'splace. Terms reason
able. For further particulars Apply to
." Tha GAZETTE.
&B41S¶ON
tsendacd and *elseii d.
Boston was sired by Baden-Baden, he by
Equity. Baden-Baden the sire of Boston is
a Kentucky derby winner. Boston will stand
the present season at Le- Teche farm of Dr.
H. P, Guilbeau & Son, at Breaux Bridge, at
$s5 Cash for the season, with return privi
lege.
For Sale
A lot, unimproved. in the town of Lafayette. next
to Wmin. Clclg's residence. is offered for sale at a
moderate price. For further information apply at
The Gazette office, or to C. H. BADLns.Y,
Lafayette. La,
DR. N.' W. SWORDS,
DentiSt,
Offc next to Bank building. Satisfaction guaran
teed. mis
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY AND FEED.
STABLE.
Lincoln Ave., Two Blocks from Depat
LAFAYETTE, : : ; LA
First class rigs at reasonable prices. Care
ful drivers furnished when required. jun 7
Journal -of Education,
Boston, Mass,
Is published weekly at $2.5o a year. or 0t.25 for 6
months. lany of the ablest educatora in the coun
try are regular contributors to its columns. It has a
large amount of every day, practical matter lr
teachers of all grades. Its departments cover every
branch of educatioial work.
A four page supplement to the JotvaunI. is poub
lished monthly. containing the New York State Uni
form Examination Questions and Answers.
TRIAL TRIP For s cenes, stamps taken, we
nwilh send the JoLm'..A., for ti'o
montht postpaid. Sample c.py freee.
Yin } IC.
o utstice of the Peace.
Is. Careful and prompt attention given .to the
- collection of bills, accounts, notes or drafts:.
Sale and purchase of lands t'tended to. t-19
-DR. T. B. Hopkins
by Having returned to Lafayette, of
In is fers his professional services to the
and citizens of this place and the sur
at rounding country.
rivi- Office at former residence, and at
night and at Kennedy's old resi
dence.
n C. DEBAILLON,
y at
Lawyer.
S "-" pracA'ce in Lafayette, St.
M' ary and Vcri.liaion far.'s-s, and
the Supre m arnd Federal Courts at
Opelo,'zas. and N'eer Orleans.
ran- LAfAYBTTB. LA.
- LIVERY
FEED,
AND SALE *
E. COVSTAN7NV,
Lafayette, La. Paroprietor.
. B IkE Y, LEONCE DllRY,
LAFAYETTE, LA. Proprietor.
:re
NUMA BROUSSARD,
SCABINET MAKER AND
°rn FURNITURE REPAIRING
1f.
cry OF AI.. KINDS.
ub
- Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
we Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
"Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc., etc.
-afayttte, La.
LAFAYETTE
BLACKSMITH,
WHEELWRISHT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Building.
PRED. MOUTON, - - - Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work done.
All work promptly attendedt t',. Sati.sfaction
guaranteed.
ALBEHT de la HOUSSAYE,
B.%lER & CONECTIONER
Vernmillin stroet. Lafayette, La.
H. C. Salles,
DENTIST.
O)fice on Ia:c ati:an street.
.I.:F1_, 7", - - - L .
E. G. Vi-O:R iES,
AND N OTA R"" PU1I. !C.
LIt.FYarrr. rt.
R. W. ELLIOTT,
- .AT 7"OR.NLE r .4T 7 .1. v and .VOI.iA'Y
I'( R"L/is
O. C. & J. AMOUTON,
A TTOR.V zl YS AT 7 LA I;V.
LAPAYETTE. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP,
Lincoln ave., near depot.
g TOIIN VAN)ERGRIEF, Proprietor.
Ladles' and Children's latrcuttfg at Domicile
E. Priollaud,.
- Watcmaker
I-and
Jewelerer
and dealer ia
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dia
monds, etc.
Clceg's BDlmlig. Courthouse Sqasre.
Lafayette, La.
Cash tells the story.
Come and see
Mouton Bros.,
DBALBBS n
GENERAL
Merchandise
Lowest prices Consistent
with quality of qoods.
H. L. Monnier,
Dealer In
Ceneral
Merchandise
Fresh Groceries always on hand.
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A M. MARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.
The."Old Taylor" is the best
Whiskey that experiene, skill and
expendituire ean priace, .-It-is the
perfection fa
55·:1 `