i TillS PARISH
1ASLa.Or c. as Secaad
__ -.tr S ag, 1895.
r a m o mo.
_ its, MW ol personal natbrte Min be
a ai foes ate iusaeton in thius p
f repsct, etc., S cents a lilne; an
o ieagani ters-e at ts.. balls. etc.4~
 o tern lin ea or iles, treee, ari
nai as diob csats a l rie,
- FOR tMhe TAs m eLLi t i
Se' fl or a meeting of Demo
~ -at the court-house on July 33
:aoega i a Parish bimetallic
SEr~ge was handed to us yesterday
Afteraoon for publication. The meet
i-eg will doubtless be largely at
,ended as there is practically no op
, position to the silver movement in
.h. parish. Nearly all the promi
ent men of this parish, (among
~aem the members of the bar with
whatin we have spoken on the sub
iect) have expressed themselves
.rwgly in favor of bimetallism.
'Rei were somewhat surprised to hear
irt is proposed meeting, as we did
t kiow that there was such a
 ve oa foot, and we were also sur
-n~pe- in not seeing among the
g-t'inatures the names of some of the
'teadiog and pronounced silver men
iof this parish. Probably the list
I:' was not presented' to them, but,
':`'severtheless, we are satisfied they
Iwi be present at the meeting on
:rl, Z'3th of July. Al, the towns
int the parish are represented on the
, eal with the exception of Carencro.
:Is :is possible that they are all gold
bugs over there? or perhaps they
have not been consulted.
TO PAROLE PETTY OF
: FENDERS.
nman editorial 'on the 6th of last
A.April, The Gazette said: "* * *
L.e,."^ t the Grand Jury consult the Dis
. trict Attorney next week, and if le
c.all every justice of the peace
;6 the parish and instruct them that
 whhenever a person accused of
breach of contract, carrying con
Sealed weapons, or any other minor
offense, shall fail to, furnish bond
-'. for appeasan:e before the district
court; it shall be the duty of the
jutice to allow the prisoner the c
privilege accorded by law of sign
.s ing his own recognizance."
The above suggestion was made
': yThe Gazette in the hope that
something would be done to relieve
she tax payers of the unnecessary
expense of feeding a lot of worthless
negroes and tramps who are kept
in jail for months awaitng the ac
tion of the Grand Jury. The idea
of keeping a man charged with a
. minor crime in jail indefinitely at a
heavy cost to the parish is supreme
'y abaurd. The Gazette thought
that by calling the attention of the
authorities to this senseless practice
would be sufficient and the proper
remedy would be applied, but we
are sorry to say that nothing has
yet been done.
We believe that when a person is
charged with one of the offenses
stated above and is not able to pr.;- I
cure bail he should be released
from custody on his own bond.
Let us suppose that many will run u
away and fail to appear before
court for trial. In such cases it
will be a happy riddance for the
whole community, for the man who
would rather flee the country than
face a jury on a trivial charge is not
a desirable citizen and the parish C
ecan well afford to pare him.
We are informed that in St. Lan- t
dry parish persons charged witha
Soffenses of a minor nature are
paroled, and in this way the parish ,
saves quite a sum of money and at a
the same time it gets rid or under- y
- sirable citizens. Can any one show a
to us wherein lies the wisdom of "
. annecessarily spending one hun
d: ired or more dollars on some e
-worthless character, probably some I
Smigratory bum accidentry caught in I
-the toils of the laws?
In all seriousness this thing has
,gone on long enough. If the parish £
has too much money better use it
eb .repair the roads than spend it in
aring for petty criminals who
~k for nothing better than to be
-ept in idleness and fed at the ex
ese of the public.
E * ASIRHIE REPRIE VE.
iuch has been said about the ac- j
.f Gov. Foster in granting a
i reprieve to Sylvestrr Ab
who was to have been ext
at Cowley on the 21st of'
iAr`the murder of the lamented a
L"yons in Atcadia perish last
ber.- The following special i
aon Rouge to the Times
of the sad should set the a
S-bef~oreaL fsair-minded C
Swill be seen he ha a
the advice of:spdgkper
poSicnto nrow
"with the proper appreciation df his
duties qu ttl have refused to: grant
r a reprieve under these circum
stances and those who will blame
him in the face of the. telegrams
I fron the judge and district attor
ney are carried away by political an
d iomsity and are not actuated by a
sentiment of justice;.- If there be
any blame it can not be laid at the
door of the governor. Let's be. fair
in this matter and not jump on the
the governor for doing what any
s fair man similarly pituated would
have done. Gov. Foster undoubted
ly has his faultks. He has not
reached that degree of perfection
which is attributed to some of the
c recently - anointed reformers of
y Louisiana; but it is cruelly unjust
ias well as grossly absurd to charge
him with any improper motive in
granting a reprieve to this wretched
n murderer.
i- The following is the special men
g tioned above:
h Special to The Times-Democrat.
. Baton Rouge, June 2t.-Gov. Foster was
at the Executive office this evening for the
s first time since last Thursday, having been
cdnfined to his room with fever. He stated
that he was somewhat better, but not feel
.r ing at all well. The Governor, being asked
d relative to the reprieve in the case of Syl
vester Abshire, who was to have been exe
a cuted to-day, stated that the facts were
about these: "*On last Sunday, while sick
in bed, Mr. MinosT. Gordy, attorney-at-law
C representing Mr. Abshire, presented to me
a number of affidavits of witnesses to the
homicide going to show that the deceased
R was the aggressor. This evidence was al
lt eged to have been discovered subsequent to
the trial and bore materially upon the case.
, He also presented petitions signed by a
large number of of citizens. asking either a
reprieve or a commutation of sentence. He
n also presented letters from the judge and
district attorney declaring that they were
opposed to a commutation of sentence, and
I that the prisoner was legally convicted after
p fair trial. At this inteiview I told Mr.
Gordy that I would examine the documents
and let him know my determination on the
Tuesday following.
"'On that date (Tuesday) Mr. Gordy
called again, and I told him that in view of
the letter of the judge and district attorney o
I would decline to interfere in the matter
and that the law had Ito take its course.
Hie then stated that he did not think the
t judge and district attorney had seen the
newly discovered evidence as set forth in the I
affidavit. I still declined to grant the res
pite, when he left, stating that he was go
ing to see the judge. On Thursday I re
ceived the following telegrams from Crow
ley:
S"I have no objection to a further reprieve
in the Abshire case to enable the matter to
be presented to the full Board of Pardons.
I reserve my right to oppose a pardon or
commutation of sentence.
" '*M. C. PERRAULT, Judge.'
" 'In the matter of the death sentence of
Sylvester Abshire, I believe for the reasons I
stated in my letter to you and all the cir
cumstances of the case that a reprieve should
be granted him until such time as the . Par
doning Board is complete.
SE. D. DUBUTSSON,
'" 'District Attorney.'
'" The verdict in the Abshire case written.
No signature thereto. The minutes of court I
fail to supply omission, therefore null.
oM. T. GORIWY, Jr.' ]
"I could but conclude from these tele- I
grams of the judge and district attorney 4
that the evidence submitted by Mr. "Gordy
to them had had some weight, and that they I
thought a reprieve should be granted in or
der to give an opportunity to the condemned £
man to present his case to the Board of Par
dons.
"A reprieve is neither a pardon nor a
commutation, and the reprieve in this in
stance is only granted until further in this
case, and know that no political influences
were brought to bear upon me in tlis case.
The telegram from Mr. Gordy as to the nul
lity of :,the verdict raises a question in the
case which certainly deserves some conside
ration."
Police Jury Proceedings.
LAFAYETTE, LA., JUNE 24, 1895.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members piresent:
R. C. Landry, A. D. Landry, H. M. Durke
Alfred Hebert, A. A. Delhomme, C. C.
Brown and J. W. Broussard. Absent: J.
G. St. Julien.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
The following petition was read and
Messrs O. C. Mouton and C. C. Brown ap
pointed a committee to consider and report
upon the subject matter.
To the f/ors. R. C. Landry, Presideut, and
to t/e Alecmbers of the Police Jury of a
the Parish of Lafayette, La., June 24, I
"895.
Your undersigned petitioners respectfully 3
represent; 4
That under the decision of the Supreme 5
Court in the case of the parish vs. uma 6
Schayot, your petitioners who are merchants, 7
liquor dealers, hotel-keepers, dealers in nlum- 8
ber, in groceries etc., doing business in the
additions adjoining the town of Lafayette, 1
have been decreed subject to the payment b
of parish license taxation to the parish of f
Lafayette; that as a compromise for the a
taxes due by them to said parish for the
years i893 and :894 they offer your honor- c
able body ($473.5o) the sum of four hundred p
seventy-three dollars and fifty cents in full n
settlement for those two years, and which ,
they believe ought to be considered an
equitable adjustment thereof. For the year b
ib95 they admit their liability to the said o
parilsh, to the full amount of the parish li- n
cense tax due by thei individually and re- a
spectively, and will pay the same in addition j
to the amount aforesaid, provided that the i
forgoi:ig for a conmpromise be accepted, ,
otherwise this proposition and all that is
herein written to be null and of no effect. s1
John O. Mouton, P. Demanade & Co., o
Alfred IHeert, P. Crouchet, p
,Moss & Mouton, L. F. Rigues,
A. Degrez, J. A. Delhomme, p
E. H. Vordenbauman, Sidncy J. Veazcy,
H. Church, Sophie Mouton.
The committee appointed to consider and
report upon the petition of Messrs. Jno. O.
Mlouton and others in reference to licenses n
due the parish reported as follows:
LAFAYETTE, LA., JUNE 24, IS95.
7o tke Hon. Presid-nt and Members of the
Police Jvry of Lafayette Paris/s.
SYour uindersigned committee appointed to
examine into annd report upon the advis
ability of accepting the compromise offered
by John O. Mouton, Alfred lTebert, Moss &
Mounton, A. Degrez, E. H. Vordenbauman,
H. Church, P. Lemanade & Co., P. Crou
chet, L. F. Rigues, J. A. Delhomme, Sid
ney J. Veaxey and Sophie Mouton, persons Ji,
doing business in the additions adjoining the
corporation of the sown of Lafayette, dur- 3'
ing £893 and :894 by paying four hundred
and seventy-three 0olboo dollars, instead of
the fell amount clainimd by the parish frotm
them for thtose years, as a full and complete
settlement of their differences for those two
years, anod biding themselves to pay their
full licenses respectively and individually t
for rSp, over and - above the amount
g covered t]s com.promise, beg leave to
report, that whereas these persons have in
g 'od faith paid 'tbhicensas of 1393 and 2394
to the corporation of ~afayette upon the
belief that same was due toat corporation
e istead of t tht h, an whereas, the
s amount offbr y per cent of the total
auboaat that ~d:be recovered from them by
suit, and whereas they bind themselves re
spectively to pay the licenses of 1895 in full,
and all ths without expense to the pariash,
we would recommend, that same be ac
e cepted, and thl-sheriEf of this parish be in
formed of this settlement between these
e parties for the. licenses of :893 and 1894.
r - rlfespectfully submitted,
C. C. JowN,
e ORTHER C. MJOUTON.
y By motion the' above report was accepted
d and the recommendations of the committee
endorsed and approved.
1By motion of t~r. Brown, the Teche and
:t Vermilion Telephone Company was granted
permission to construct telephone lines
n along the public roads of this parish pro
vided that the said lines shall be so con
structed as not to obstruct or interfere with
If public traffic upon said highways.
The clerk reported the "Index book of
Conveyances" rebound and repaired in sub
e stantial style at a cost of $13.5o, express
a charges included. The report was ap
proved.
I Mr. Darke reported that the cost of build
ing a bridge-keeper's house at Olidon Brous
sard's bridge would be $93 and on motion
he was authorized to proceed with the
building.
The following changes were made in the
various drainage committees: 6th ward, O.
H. Breaux appointed instead of H. Durio;
Eloi Bonin instead of Onezime Langlinais.
4th ward, F. O. Broussard instead of Octave
& Theriot.
1- By motion of Mr. Hebert the following
d preamble and resolutions were adopted:
L- Whereas numerous complaints have
reached the Police Jury that the public balls
e and bazars given in many portions of the
k parish are intolerable nuisances and sources
of considerable disturbance and crime,
therefore, Be it resolved, that any person
a or persons giving any public ball or bazar
I within the limits of Lafayette parish, where
- admission is charged and refreshments, etc.,
a are sold, shall be and is hereby required to
secure the presence of a constable or other
a peace officer for the purpose of maintaining
a good order and quiet at any such gathering.
Further resolved that the said officer shall
I be paid, by said person or persons giving
any such entertainment, the sum of $2.5o
I for each and every occasion when his ser
r vices are required. Further resolved that
any person' or persons violating this ordi
nance or failing to comply therewith, shall
be subject to a fine of $25 or imprisonment
in the parish jail for a period of ten days.
r Said penalty to be executed before any
f court of competent jurisdiction. This or
r dinance shall be effective and in force on and
after its official promulgation, and all ordi
nances and resolutions in conflict therewith
are hereby repealed.
By motion Mr. Joseph Ledoux was
granted a free peddler's license for the half
year ending Dec. 31st 1895.
Messrs. C. C. Brown and R. C. Greig
were appointed a committee to investigate
the treasurer's books and accounts, and if
found correct to grant him a quietus.
The petition for an appropriation to build
a school house in the first ward was read
and laid over.
Judge Mouton, and Mr. T. M. Biossat of
the town council here appeared and repre
sented the dangerous condition of several
F bridges on the boundary line between the
town and parish. The committee asked
that the Pohlice Jury bear one half of the cx
I pause in repairing said bridges and by mro
tion Mr. Altred liebert was n:ppointed and
authorized to act in conjunction with the
street committee of Lafayette in the repair
and construction of said bridges.
Mr. Hebert was authorized to advertise
for bids for the construction ',f a new bridge
over the coulee near Dr. Franklin Mouton's
place, and report at the next meeting. The
bridge shall be the same lenghth as at pres
ent and 16 feet wide.
The committee appointed to investigate
the treasurer's books and accounts, sub
mitted the following report which was ac
cepted.
LAFAYETrrE, LA., JUNE 24, 1895.
To the Hon. Police Jury:
We the undersigned committee appointed
to investigate the books and accounts of the
parish treasurer and grant him a quietus
would respectively report that we have per
formed the duty assigned finding a cash
balance of $377.97 in favor of the parish.
We have found all accounts correct in every
particular, and therefore have granted the
treasurer a quietus up to date.
Signed:
R. C. GREIG,
C. C. BROWN.
The Police Jury then proceeded to the
election of officers for the ensuing year of
:895-6 with the following r-sult: President
R. C. Landry, secretary R. C. Greig,
treasurer Win. Clegg, constable L. Hirsch.
The Lafayette Advertiser and The Lafa
yette Gazette suomitted a joint bid to pub
lish all the official matter of the parish for
the sum of $275. per annum for the year
x895-6 and by motion the said bid was ac
cepted and both papers declared official
journals of this parish.
The following road-overseers were then
appointed for the new year:
1st ward, Felix LeBlanc.
ad ," J. W. Broussard.
3rd " Fred Webb.
4th " F. O. Broussard.
5th " J. E. Langlinnis.
6th " O. I-I. Breaux.
7th " Eloi Bonin.
8th " Antoine Broussard
By motion it was resolved that Sheriff and
Tax-collector I. A. Broussard be and is
hereby authorized and instructed to collect
forthwith all licenses due the parish, and if
said licenses be not paid within sixty days
after this official promulgation then and that
case the said sheriff and tax-collector shall
proceed to close up all delinquent establish
ments and suppress all illegitimate traffic
within the limits of Lafayette parish.
A communication frota Mr. J. W. La
bouisse, president of the Anti-Toxine Board
of New Orleans, asking aid in the establish
ment of a proposed plant for the preparation
and manufacture of the remedy known as
Anti-Toxine, was read and favorably con
sidered, but owing to a depleted treasury
was laid over for future consideration.
The secretary was authorized to index all
the proceedings of the Police Jury from the
organization of the parish in 1823, to the
present date, in consideration of $75.
Thie treasurer submitted his monthly re
port as follows:
Tyo the Ioa,. P'resident and Alemners of the
Police fuery, Par;is of Lafayette. I
GENTLEMEN:-The following is a state
ment of receipts and disbursements of parish
funds since last report:
May s7. .895, to balance on hand
as per report................. 6 74° 88
June T7. to namount r m ta collec
tor. taxes collected in M.ay... 3S3 og9
June 3. to amount from tax collec
tor. licenses in May ........o oo
$t i143 97
June 7. by ams to ax collector 5S
per cent. com. on taxes ... . g Ig I
June r3, by amt to tax collector. 5
percent com. on licences.... a on
June a. by amtpwd on approved
ord .. .......... ............ 745 85
June as. by .rot paid on juror certi
tfiCam...as ................ • o
Lf 7J7 P T
To aumount on hand.... ........-. S- 376 97
Respectively submitted
h Vt. CbEict Parish Treasurer,
Lafayette. La., June 24, 1895.
The bid submitted by J. W. Barnes to
paint the court-house was read and laid
over.
The following accounts were approved:
.Alcice J]udice. nails............ ..... $ S 8o
R. C. Greig, rebinding Index Book etc 13 .50
J. H. David, sharpening seades.......... 55
H. Billaud, feediug .prisoners.. :...... 64 40
H. Billaud, feeding prisoners............ 89 95
-Baptiste Stupid, building pound ecc. 4 6o
W. B. Bailey, clerk's fees ................... 9 3o
Geo. E. Brown, spades nails etc........ S8 57
R. C. Landry, nails.............................. 2 00
There belag no further busintss the Po
lice Jury adjourned until Monday August 8,
prox at the usualhour, for the purpose of
sitting as a board of reviewers of the assess
ment lists.
R. C. LANDRY, President.
R. C. GEIG, Secretary.
A Call.
To the White Democrats of the
Parish of Lafayette, La.:
All those interested in the resto
ration of silver to the place it occu
pied in our national finances from
1792 to 1873, and who believe in
the free and unlimited coinage of
both gold and silver, at a
ratio of x6 to z, are requested to
meet at the court-house in Lafa
yette, La., on Saturday, July x3, A.
D. 1895, at zx o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of organizing a Parish
Bimetnlic League.
(Signed:) C. Debaillon, Wm.
Campbell, G. W. Scranton, J. R.
Domengeaux, N. D. Young, R. O.
Young, H. Theall, J. E. Pellerin,
A J Theall, Jos. G. LeBlanc,
A. L. Dyer, F. Trahan, Jr., B. P
Landry, Onezime Landry, J. Bon
nemaison, Edward H. Primeau,
A. A Mouchet, C S Young,
Demeus Bernard, W. Melancon,
Ed. L. Estorge, Paul Breaux, A.
A. Labbe, A. Labbe, D. M. Lan
dry, R. J. Malagarie, James Smith,
J. N. Reaux, D. G. Bernard, Sid
ney Greig, Henry Fournet, R. U.
Bernard, L. N. Reaux, Gilbert St.
Julien, V. Broussard, Alex. Del
homme, Alf. A. Delhomme, Alcides
Judice Simon, Begnaud, P. Girard.
Octave Bertrand, Pierre H. Mouton,
Edwin Ash, Louis L. Judice, Ale
ander F. Martin, L. Judice, Hervi
lien Blanchard, Martin Begnaud,
L. C. Delhomme Jules Guidry,
Louis G. Breaux, D. A. Cochrane,
Thos. B, Hopkins, J. D. Trahan,
A R Trahan, W. B. Torian, WV. S.
Torian, F. R. Tolson.
Election Notice.
An election has been ordered by the council of the
town of Lafayette and will he held at the court house
Monday the first day of July. tg95. by the qualified
electors residing in and upon the lots or lands which
are adjacent and contiguous to the territorial corpo
rate limits of the town of Lafayette for the purpose
of determiningwhether they desire that said lots or
lands be annexed to aud included in the territorial
corporate limits of said town, the land aforesaid ly
ing and being situated between the territorial corpo
rate limits of said town and the boundaries of said
lots or lands established and accurately described by
the survey madeby Romain Francez. parish sur
veyor, on the b8th day of .May. 189,. and hereinafter
specifically described.
Boundaries oat the lands proposed to be annexed.
fixed by said survey of May r8, 1805.
starting at the bridge on the cis'ee
west of the said town. between the propertis of
Henry Hohorst and Anita Hohorsr. -ife of Dr.
Franklin Mouton. and running front thence along
said coulee N. 865:. E. a small ash 33 ft. N. 67. E.
a small ash 36 ft. thence N. ri2. E. 300 ft in Iohorst's
pasture, thence N. 27 1t2. E. 300 ft. thence 72, 5 . .
t7o ft in cemnetery. zoo tt. thence N. IS. F:. 389 ft.
thonee N. .81. E. r8 o ft, front C'y. to MlrsJudict's
place. 470 ft. thence N. 75, WV. Soo. thcnt.e N. soI
l:. 300 ft. to S. E. corner of Arthur (Greig's property.
thence N. '/a. E. 623 ft to the big ditch.'o6oo top:ulis
road leading to Scott, 2553 ft to the L. V. railroad.
2653 ft to the N side of said railroad. thence E ro24 ft
thence S. 77. E. 66o It to the Mlorgan road (L. WV.
Division) 1250 ft to center of 3lorgan road', 76o ft to
the public road leadig to lreaux Bridge. Soto ft in
to Dr. F. S. Mudd's field. 3820 ft to the S. W. corner
of his garden. 3900 S. about 75 ft beyond I)r. Mudd's
residence. 4300 ft in Dr. Mudd's hack lot thence S.
43 'ia ft N:. from Dr. lIudd's to the Pnblic road lend
ing to lireaux Bridge, 940 ft to Mentor Richard's
lot oo50 into Crow Girard's land t793 ft. to
stae; thence S. 55 degrees. W. o70
ft between the properties ott Nickrson and ci.
A. Cochrane, 840 ft to Dowdoll's property. 864 ft to
the stake, thence S 27 W., 890 ft public road to Char
gois,. 95o ft to red oak (2 ft in diameter.) thence S. 46,
W. loso It to N. i. corner of round-house yard. too
ft to main line Morgan railroad, ieao ft to Mhouton's
addition. thence S. ng. W. 14t4 it to oak lane. 2650
to public road leading to Pin liook, thence N. 49 'V.
including said public road and tollowilg the same
tooo ft to a coulee in front ol the residence of Mrs.
Wid. M. E. Girard, thence S. 54. to the S. H.
corner of Mrs. Girard's garden. thence S. 76 V. in
Mrs. Girard's pasture. ooo ft in dr rankiin Mort
ton's field, thence N. 85 W. 462 It an oak (2 feet in
diameter) S. of Dr. IMouton's barn 5os to the coulee.
thence following said coulee to the bridge, the start
lng point N. vIn 586 it.
Territorial corporate limits of the Town of f.nfay
ertte: Beginningat a point on the coulee west of
town at its intersection with the street rilnning east
and west in the Mills' addition, between the lots
twenty and twenty-three, in the plan made by John
Campbel l.Uited States surveyor. March nineteeith
eighteen hundred and fifty-six. and running east
to the intersection of said street with Jefferson
street. thence south Jefferson street to Mrs. Charles
iloutou's line. and following that line to the western
limits of A. Mouton's field, inclosure or ditch, and
following that ditch south to its intersection with the
line of Third street and its continuation to the coulee
west of the l'own. and following the middle of said
coulee to the point o o begining.
To the qutalfieed electors residing in and upon the
lots orlnnds lying andbeing situated between the
limits and boundaries aforsad., the following propo
sition is snmitted. to be voted on at said electton:
WVhether they desire that the foregoing described
lands shall be annexed to and included in the ter i
torial corporate limits of the Town of Lafayette. so
as to constitute a part thereof. aldbe subject tothe
jurisdiction control, and anithority o saidy Torwn. s
fully rnd to all intetts and pirposes as if the saome
had been originally icludced in the territorial corpo
rate limits thereof as fised by act of the Legislature
of t836. incorporting said 'rowtn.
Every property owner voting at said election is re
quested to write or procure his name to be writted on
his ballot so that the result may readily be ascertaint
ed whether a majority in value ak well as in nunlber
of the qualitied electors residing on said lands. vot
ilg atsaid electlion: have voted to annex and include
the lands alorsaid in the territorial corporate limits
of id town. l'he electors shall vote byballort and
the ballots used at said election shall be of white pa
per upon which shall be written these words, "For
the proposed annexation." ".Against the proposed
annexation." The vote shall be counted for or
agaitst the proposed annexation as cast. but in every
case when the name of the voter appears on his ballot
the commissioners shall keep a record of how he voted
opposite his name on the list of voters. The election
will be held under the general laws of the State. the
poll will be open from the hour of six in the forenoon
until seven in the afternoon. MIessrs. 1. C. Creig,
J. Edw. MaIrtin and Ernest Constantit (ttand in cac
one ormoreof said commijsiooiets foil orneglect lo
attend. then their places to he filled according to lie
General Election lax-s of this State) have been ap
pointed commissioners of the election, It shall be
the duty ol said eomniszsiontters to keep a list of the
persons voting at such polling place which list shall
be numbered from one end to the other, antd shall
be signed and sworn to as correct by the Coommis
stoners after closing the polls attd the votes are
counted. fefore entering upon their duties the com
missioners shall be sworn accordllg to law. II no
olhter authorized to administer oaths he present to
administer the oath to the commiasioners. it nay be
adntinistcrcd by any voter, or if no voter Ite present.
by the commissioners to each other. The comtmis
sionersshalll proceed to count the votes without tnov
ing the box from the room or place where the Voters
were received. and in presenco: of any voter or voters
who may desire to he present. Two tally sheets shall
be kept of the con t, the tally sheets shall have the
tallies ma -ed in lines from the beginning to the end
of the page. and the total amount of the tallies, shall
be written in nEgurcs immediately after the end ol the
tallies, and in letters, so as to prevent otis alteration
thereof, and after the corlnt is completed, t.el ballots
counted shIall be put back in the box. which shall he
immediately sealed, wuih the ballots therein. As
soon as tho votes hase been counted and the baolot
box sealed is above stated, the commtssionnts shall
make two cotopiled statotlnent of tile votes cost. howv
m.ny for and how many g.aiinst the proposed an
nexation, with the names of those soting for or
against annexaton when their name appear on thrir
ballot, a record ot which shall also be kept on tte
list olvoters opposite the name of each voter xx
aforesaid. also the nnmber of ballots conmtiirid icr
the box, the number of ballots tejected. if any. and
the reasons therefor. The compiled xsateeents shalf
be worn to by the rcommiationcr., she oath to be nd
mininsteted a before provided. and the compiled
sstemeti. list of persons yvotng and tlly she:ts. i
shall he delivered to the Mayor of said Tsvn. stithinl
forty-eight houts alter closing the poll as sech elrc
liont together with the ballot box waith trie b.llots
therein ent.tined. At said election no petson shall
be allowed to vote except those tualifiedi t. -rote It
der the general election la-s of iho 8sase. and el-o
reside in and uponr tIre lots or lands proposed to he
onnesed to and included in the territorial rclirptte o
limiti ofl sf-s Ts-n of t ..,.yv-tto. A. J. Ms,1'-.
Irln-, z'tlh, t')5 .  rr
Better
Health
Than Ever
"An attack of -La Gripp thee
years aEO, left me a ysical
wrecl, and, being natury frail
and delia it seemed as if I
never should rally again. In
duced at'last to try
AYVER'S
S,8arsaparilla
I was surprised after taking it
two weeks, to find I was ganaing
strength, and now I am pleased
to may I am en join¶ better health
than. I ever had before in my
life."--Eva BeA o, Lincoln, 1.
Highest Awards
World's Fair
Chicago.
TO THE PEOPLE.
I beg to announce that I have
just received from the East, a large
and varied stock of summer goods
of the latest styles, consisting of
white and figured lawns, challies,
ginghams, chambrys, lace lawns,
sateens in all grades and colors,
hoseries and also a large stock of
embroideries from the lowest to the
highest, insertings, edgings, torchons
the finest ever exhibited in any
countnry store; also gloves, mitts
and parasols, besides a fine and
complete stock of neckwear, cloth
ing, hats and shoes and gent's fur
nishing goods ever brought to this
town.
Prices within the reach of all.
Call and be convinced.
Jos. PLONSKY, Agent.
Your Opportunity
Is Ripe. During the months of April
and May we will sell all kinds of Furniture
and Stoves at absolute cost. This is no
humbug sale, but a bonalide cost-price sale.
You can supply your wants at a price never
before heard of, if you buy now.
L. LEVY & SON.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
$15 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
$Io to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
POINTS POINTS
Large Hawk..........15 Wild cat ............ 5
Small hawk. .........15 Coon.................. 5
Owl ....... . ................. 5 Opossum5
Mink ................... . 5 W easel................ 5
Skurk ........... .. . 15 Fox........ ........... 15
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mals to bhe delivered to Wmi. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
People State Bank of Lafayette,
I.a., vs. Peter Anderson and
als.-x 7th judicial District
Court, Parish of Lafa
yette-No. 3920.
B" virtue of a writ of fierie facias issued
in the above entitled and numbered cause
on a judgment rendered therein for the sum
of four hundred and sixty ($46o) and to me
directed I have seized and taken in my pos
session and will sell for cash, to the last
and highest bidder at the court house in the
town of L.afayettte, said parish and State be
twen legal sale hours, on
Saturday, July 13, 1895.
the following described property belonging
to Mrs. Widow Eugene Bertrand, to wit:
A certain tract of praire land situated in
the parish of Lafayette, together with all the
buildings and improvements thereon, con
taining sixty-one acres bounded north by
land of Jacques Mathieu, south by land of
McDonald or assigns, east by land of Joseph
Begnaud or assigns and west by land of Peter
Anderson.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Latyette Parish.
Lafayette, La., June 8, 1895.
Chas. D. Caffery,
ATTORNEY AT LAWV AND
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Office on Madison street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
44-IY.
KILL-GERM
OURES ITCH
IN 30 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
WVM. C tiEGG.
W. BERNARD,
BARBER, SHOP,
DOIMENGEAUX BUILDING,
near So. Pac. Depot, . n--22
Beaus ejo ur
Springs,
On tihe Banks of the Bcautiful Bayou
Vermillion.
EXCEiLENT SPRING WATER.
COMMIOI)IOUS BATII IIOUSES.
L.argb T'n 'zin: g l'latf,,rm,. Icauti ful ;rounds
and Plenty of Shade. Elegant Spot for
Picnics, Parties, Etc. Water for drinking
anlwl ldat;!g. purpose unsurlpa.:ed. Conie
and see the pllace nadi cnjt,y a spicndid tath.
GEO. A. DEBLANCI
-dealer in
WOOD, LIME PTB'R COAL
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed. & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling;
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - - - LOUISIAN~A.
Ofice and YVrd near R. R. Depot.
545-i.
Chaumberltain'u e and Shin Ointment
Is unequalled for Eczema, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Scald Head, Sore Nipples, Chapped
Hands Itching Piles, Burns, Frost Bltes,
ChromeSore Eyse and Granulated Tye sLid
For sale by druggists at 25 cents per box.
TO HOSya OWRanB.
For putting a horse in a fine healthy con
dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powders.
They tone up. the system, aid digestion, cure
loss of appetite, relieve constipation, correct
kidne7 disorders and destroy worms, giving
new life to an old or over-worked horse. 26
sents per package. For sale by druggists.
D. V. Gardebled
.PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Drugists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
houjs of the day and night. Everything a
be found in a first class drugstore.
,'Next to Falk's Opera House.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAIAN.
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes. Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a-:d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
Melllier's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
--1Iyg9
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives nme
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
SPRING OPENINO
--AT-
Mrs John O. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,,
And all the. Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes.
A._nd Stockings.
-
4I5YYLES,
Are the
Highest
of all
High
r " Grades
Warranted Superior to any Bicycle built in the
World, regardless of Price. "
Read the following opinion of one of the most prominent Ame
rican dealers who has sold bundreds of these wheels:
Dlet-chnblcl Tir,. Scorch- INDIANr A Dicvct. Co.. Iu IAAror.7. In:.:
ccr.wci lt. c lbs ...'" (;oyTl.oa Oh--l-o, Waverley Scorcrher , d .cTlle came to hand yesterday.
Mteet Rim s Waverley WVe are afraid you hae scnt us the high priced wheel by mitlake. You cnt
.lincher-Tire. , wci ht mean to tell us that thiswhee retails for't85 We mntt tay that it is. tliout
I hr.-- .. excTpires, w 0ht ri j € u l s e have evcr aer, mnd. naoreover. se hane fitht
St lbs i................ t. altbough ist seighs only, r L.., for of all t averlcvys e harve sold this
-r lar Frame s.menr ear nad last (ord you know that isn right {erd r tiobei). c e I|ave never hand
. eiottS !.nr r " " m . from nor fsb brolker. ri:her fro, ercidcrt or defect. and that is store than
weights ............. we cotn say say cfnvy cth+r v. hl l.lo . -rar hih grade.- o called; that we seyl
di. rop r , We congratulate ourscl c% every d'ay thl s  tle tIe Vavrlev agen o.
wcihlts and T'ires. . .75 fours truly, WhTuSt C. &&Co.
a.liros' Ilir naoed. Wrcdd ItrIlattrad GaatzlogtaA ua r
Hims. wcight. o b. 5llu tr te
Indiana BicycleoCo. I.DAINAPOLIS,N. . -
B- CLEGG, Excluive Agent, Lafayette, La.
GENTIL'S H OTEL
o(Opposite So. Pac. R. R. Depot.)
/tewi. REe -4s TSr., Prop.
Board by the week or day. Meals at all
hours. Rates Very reasonable.
LAF'AVETTE, - - LA.
C. A. Voorhies,
Address: DirZli.ly and Espl'air.xle struits
NEW ORLEANS.
Represents-
WM. H. LEE & CO.
Wholesale liquors.
7x3 and 715 Licas Avenue, St. LOUIS, Mco.
Improve Your
Stock.
By Breeding
to Pure Bred "'HotSTEIN BULL."
Breckinridge.
Fee, $2.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher
Fee, $2.50.
Pure Bred Red Jersey-Hog,
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee.. $1.00
Uiual 3 rlvllege or Returr4
AT T. F. MYLES.'
Near Lafayette, La.