'r 4..:. - . .
4,- "4'" .;
s··~~ £rT ~·;'~
___~ GAZWVIW1
A·": T-~ 3. ·
LAAETL. ALRA.MRH3 84 UB
:~~~ .. .~:
`wed a notLl
.e that the mny
Shad list- in I
;'` edto uaanmoved war
f-rsome hua- hot
.eda of years, toe
and thlen, as if ton
t h is proatless a
~ -ertl. ", drew
Itself up with
;dignity and wcP
swept a 1ong old
with deep. rapid via
a n d-noiseles at
Scrrent.
sit of turf which jutted
of the eddies stood a girl the
Si*th a fly-aod; loung- all
parapet of the bridge fro
oi men lazily watching ai
bri
a was tall and .ark; be s8l
nme of Duncan. The Th
r-builte and had lighter ly
Isi companion ad,,ressed
the
were moving leisure. an
te country, in company the
on wheels, a yellow- tul
van which was then rest- yo
a turn of the road.
tar man removed his pipe
*pa
'mast? By Jove, it was a ch
ldiet have done it better by
r.isin, and-no, not this 1
" But you'll go on, won't sat
fat tawo-pounder, and you're hi
an, I can see that." so
'fer casts were made without
.'t the third the fish rose pe
was snugly hooked in the he
' s a March Brown for a ten he
it e,'.. exclaimed .Duncan with
of interest as the trout shot an
Haflash diagonallydownstream. oC
now:she's giving him the butt. ct
t»s cheekling the pace. He d
hif he got tangled in the over
thg thse stones. Faith, she's
m "like alt old hand."
~*&eiole the spring of the bend
'A stopped the two-pounder's
Sthe fish began doggedly to
` the summons of the slowly
reel
Alenting tension of the line
hila strength, and his captor
- uly sure of success. In another
.i he would be gasping and
ilver-beneath the bank at her
Srched a hand round for the
rbqt, which hung from a ring
vrcreel-strap, and had partly
.t- out, when of a sudden the
a'aubed turf beneath began to
ý- ,Z ] bCeak-down.
i. the danger and tried to step
Wt the movement was not in
lohe lst balance, slipped and
IaI Sa'~;. the next moment had rolled
l_: ~.siMd ys with a splash into the
By the:'men on the bridge no words
'` ipoken. They left the bridge at
aetend dand raced down the rugged
-: .ak ndi ferentsidesDuncan crashing if
"%"ijpib hazel bushes, his companion tl
-;"' ng imaedly over tumbled bowl
tl
- Re-sl'ng "the bottom of the strag- o
,-  alll, each- left the bank and
"... be into the deeper water dr~ssed sl
;',:^ ihie-vas. Duncan swimming with a
.,i sftroke, the other racing against
... on i the breast. The current was
ary . ispd, but as to where it was tak
S' -thein neitlSer gave a thought a
SEach was whollU intent upon being
S fi rst to reach the form which was 1
Ssirlg on ahead, now half sub
mnerged, now wholly beneath the sur
face.
then Billy got knocked out of the
race. He- fouled an island of weeds
that was being swept along by the cur
re~it and felt their slimy tendrils wrap o
:-l
a, had o stop~ ~a~n t
r t
ehe had emerged panting
hOked from the conflict he
the girl lying in a drag
fpn t.hnbank and Dancan in i
bling up alongside of :
]erwards the pair of wan- <
 their carvan again,
whinge horse and went in
:--.well msintained for 1
holedfhgr tccupied with his
hioebaghts. Then Dunca
hiis,; owsh ocied k with
, -na ,I. saw you out
lie qr Ike
- jLh~l'd
- 'Only evy youn your luk sa pulling
her oet. Dunea, .thit's all-. Het ho"
I .N And now let'·os hange 4e ,sub
The t aiman Whist-ed ') we ...s:
.-"Dr'DJ ap, saxi.hls comp.ijon. .
"Sits the wlnm in thMiquarter? Why,, i
s my.p goose, if you think At matters
in the smillest degree;-we'llay that it
was you that hooked her inshore. We'd
both got the will, and it was quite a of
tomssup whp actually did the finishing wi
f toneb - -f it badn't been for the un- of
Slucky 'handicap of those weeds you'd ih
s have been there first" an
` "No. I shouldn't You were ahead." m
I "Pooh, a yard or so maybe, but we
3 were practically neck and neck. I say, Ev
old man, is this a case of that com-.
d plaint one reads about in books, love a
a at first sight?" at
"I-I believe it.." a
d "No one saw the girl fished out of u
1 the water, and when the brother and c.
all that crowd of domestics turned up 8
e from the house-and saw us pumping up al
g and down her arms and getting the
breath into her again nothing was
asked as to bhow the thing was clone.
SThey thanked the pair of us collective
r ly and trooped off. t
d "When we dine thlere to-night, and
they've got their nerves quieted down
and ask for details, I shall just pitch
the yarn in my own fashion, and plc
ture myself tied up in the weeds and
you doing the rescue business."
The scene changes from the yellow
painted caravan to luxurious bachelor
chambers in town, and time has spun p
r by to the extent of six months.
is Duncan. is seated in a great eider- to
t stuffed chair; the man they called as
a Billy is stumping restlessly over the Is
soft carpet.
t "You'd better tell me what's hap
Be pened, chapter and verse," suggested
e he of the arm-chair.
"Oh, nothing except what you've
n heard."
h "But I've heard nothing. I met you
ot and her at dinner on the night after t'
n. our mutual bath, and I haven't 1
Lt, clapped eyes on either of you since. I 0
Mt
w e . 1 s
rs
er
S11
tt all (i coul he been t e
nd D nCAns LAiD A HAND ON iSt CO.PAN I
led sO'S SHOULDER. 1
he -l didn't want to interfere in any way
whatever. So I took a steamer and
awent to New Zealand and back, just
at for my health, y' know."
g if you insist 1 can only repeat that
on there's remarkably little to tell. She
1v- was civil to me, an d grateful, and all
that, and we could have been the best
sg- of friends if I had wished it so. But I
,nd couldn't stick at friendship, and of late
ed she has seen it" a
a "Whell?"
St '"She can't give me more than friend
r shie I asked her, and she said she
- couldn't. I told her I would wait any
amount of time if that would do any
ng good, but she refused to give me the
ras least hope."
S And didn't she vouchsafe anything
r- further, Billy?"
d course, if you'd rather not."
dr- "It's a hardish mouthful, Duncan,
ap old man, but I'll out with it. She told
mne she was fond of another man,
and-"
"And what?"
"And he had shown con':lusively he
cared nothing for her, and consequent
ly she should never marry."t an
o"'hat a scoundrel the other man
S emust be!"
"Yet, I said that, but she promptly
denied it. It seems he had hardly
spoken half a dozen words to her. She
said he had once tried to render somd
great service to her and failed. But
the intention was clear enough. By
dint of pleading I got the name out
of her-"
He paused.
"And it was?" asked a strained voice
from the depths of the chair.
"Great heavens, man! can't you ser
that It was you?"
Duncan leaned forward with his chian
in the heel of his fist, and his fan
t " I o ad don't care a pin for her?"l
r"No, of course not." h he
ing Duncan turned swiftly round.
he "You mean that?" he  demandied.
ag i "Yes, or else I shouldn't have said
of you?"
oDuncan came across the room and
laid a hand on his companion's shout
n. d Bilefe, d'you know what i cleared h
in oute of England for? No? Then i'll
tell you. You fell in love with that
for girl at frst sight; I did the same when
his I met her for the second time. th
ae "We've always been good chms, you
and I, old chap, and-I couldn't bear to
ith run counter to you So I went away
out on the out trall. I thought the sea air
dce. and the fresh scenes would blow jhe
ter, nonsense out of my head.
"But it didn'ht I love her more than
lIke ever foew."
was -* "Then no one stands in your way,
p and I congratulate you with all my
hearrtk Go in and fla, old man.
to'No, don'thsa anyhiboag. rym gosag
Ui. 1111
aI=_ - 4i11 INmT ANA HELP. a
- a Cookies: One toeae pful emel
oraqio c~ream and maple: .rtp, ose'eg,
Sone espon fnu each of sods-and eara- '
twayreedsand flour enough to roll out ma
IflTly,-- Then bake qnickly.-Orange qui
ld-iirmer. lar
-Marlboroigh Pudding: Six large the
apples, stewed and strained; stir into aft
it six ounces of.butter, the grated rind dai
of one lemon and six tablespoontfule of of
wine. Beat up six eggs and sx ounces t
of sugar, and stir it all together. Bake ice
ihbdeep plates, with a rich puff-paste a'
and a pretty thick edging.--Boston it.
Budget. ou
-Fried Oysters: Take large- fresh let
oysters and drain. Have ready a plate -
of sifted cracker crumbs, in which mix me
a teaspoonful of salt; take one oyster c5i
at a time, roll in the cracker crumbs, da
and lav on a board; let remain ten min- on
utes; clip in beaten egg, roll in the du
cracker crumbs again, and let stand of
fifteen minutes. Drop in boiling fat sp
and fry brown. Serve very hot.-Har- to'
pe's iBazar. ist
-Marbled Cake: One cup of butter, to
two cups of sugar, three cups of flour, km
yolks of six eggs, one cup of milk and
two teaspoonfuls of baking powder. th
When the cake is mixed take out one tie
eupfulof batter and stir into it a large sti
spoonful of grated chocolate; wet with "'
milk. Fill the pan one inch thick with )I
yellow and drop in the dark. A little tO
lemon added to the yellow improves it. !1a
-Ring Jumbles: One pound of but- in
ter, one pound of sugar, four eggs, one to
pound of flour or enough to make a
soft dough. three teaspoonfuls of ex
tract of red rose. Mix all together, eI
adding the well-beaten whites of eggs
last. Line shallow tins with buttered of
paper. lake quickly and sift fine su-. o
gar over them as soon as you take them tl
from the oven. With a teaspoon form S
rings of the dough.-Farm, Field and P'
Fireside. m
-Fig Podding: Get half a pound of c`
a the best figs: chop them fine; add q nar
r ter of a pound of suet, finely minced: .
t half pound of stale bread crumbs: two el
ounces flour. six ounces sugar and quar
ter of a nutmeg grated. Mix these well r
together. Moistcn with two eggs. well a
beaten, mixed with half a cupful of Ce
milk. Put the mixture in a buttered
mold (with a tight-fitting lid). tied up d
in a stout cloth. Plunge into boiling b
water and keep steadily boiling four
hours.-HomeQZ4ueeu. ti
-The "'Louisiana Rice Exhibit" gives t
the following recipe for boiling rice: t
"'Pick your rice clean and wash it in
two cold waters, not draining off the i
last water until you are ready to put
the rice on the fire. Prepare a sauce
pan with water and a little salt. When tl
it boils sprinkle in the rice graduallv. a
so as not to stop the boiling. Boil hard
for. twenty minutes, keeping the pot
covered. Then take it from the back
of the fire and pour off the water, after
which set the pot on the back of the
store to allow the rice to dry and the
grains to separate. Remember to boil
r. rapidly from the time you cover the
pot until you take it off; this allows
each grain to swell to three times its
Sanormal size, and the motion prevents
d the grains from sticking together. s
it Don't stir it, as this will cause it to fall
to the bottom and burn. 'When prop- a
t crly boiled rice should besnowy-white. s
t perfectly dry, soft and every grain sep
s arate."
t Fancy Odd Waists.
I Silk and woolen skirts are worn with I
be velvet or silk waists for dressy, house,
theater, or evening wear. An old black a
silk skirt that is still presentable is ex
A- cellent for this purpose, as is a new
id dotted black satin, a fine silk-warp
I3 Henrietta, or serge. The velvet waists
9' are round, with a crush belt or collar,
e and large puffed sleeves close-fitting at 1
the wrists. Another style has belt,
1g collar and sleeve puffs of the soft En
glish satin, now sent to this country
for dress accessories. In color the
of waists are of the fashionable red, i
brown, green, heliotrope and blue
n, shades, that may be plain or change
id able. The satin is three dollars a yard,
n, while duclesse satin would be from a
dollar; velvet at a dollar and fifty cents
ie silk waist the changeable figured satin
t- surah, at eighty-five cents to two dol
lars. is liked on account of its- good
* wearing qualities. The former price
given is very cheap, and the material
ly is not always to be picked up at such a
ly bargain. It comes in all mixtures, red
and green now being much in demand.
S-Ladies' Home Journal.
at
3y A Drawing-Room Screen.
ut A lovely screen may be made for the
drawing-room by covering three panels
with pale pink plush, and appliqueing
ce large artificial blush roses in the fol
lowing manner: Buy as pretty roses
er- as you can get and of any color that
goes well with the plush. Press them
in in a heavy book just as you would press
c a natural flower. When considerably
flattened arrange them with their buds
and leaves in the panels and with heavy
flodes silk to match, cover the edges of
the leaves that lie fiat on the material,
fastening the rest down in their place
iid with a few stitches. The leaves may
th be covered in the same way, and the
stems as well, so that when finished
ad the effect is of an embroidered base
ul- relief and is exceedingly effective.
Any other artificial flowers that will
ed lend,themselves to this method of
'l treatment may be used in lieu of rosea
at and will look eqnally well. These
en floral screens make a particularly pret
ty background if a low chair is placed
on in front of one of them.-N.Y.Tribune.
to
ay -Lieut. Said Rote, recently dis
pir patched by the German government as
he military attache to the German con
sulate at Beyrout (Syria), is a cousin
an of the present sultan of Zanzibar. His
mother, a ester of the late sultan, fell
y, in love with a commerdcal agelnt from
my Hamburg. married him despite .the
protests of her family, and returned
lagi with him to Germany, where her bua
r's band was killed by a streetcarrnning.
1 1 oer 'lphip. The kindly old esmperoe
n~-po~u~in for thfipx~le4 gdnce
SRYPATHY'S GREAT POWER.
lasteure eital Detuaiema eelfaed by a
meeant case.
The recent outbreak of a nervoa
malady in a tenement in the Italian ,o
quarter in a western: city, by which as
large portion of the persons living in L
the house seemed to. become suddenly
afflicted with a mild kind of St. Vitus' o
dance, suggests the wonderful power
of sympathy and imitation upon cer
tain temperaments. of which all med- do
ical men are well aware. History
abounads with such instances, although
it is now many years -esince any such tr
outbreak obtained any very wide preva- s
lence. -
Italy was the scene of one of the in
most famous of these; where for some
centuries- there was an epidemic of no
dancing. which was supposed to be the
only remedy for a mania of disease in- c
duced by the alleged poisonous sting
of the tarantula, or spider. So wide
spread was this that It passed into his
tory under the specific name "tarant
ism," and the dance which was thought
to be the Cure for it has ever since been
known as the "tarantella."
The intelligent and learned men of d
those days were wont to deride the no i
tion of any but the ignorant super- d
stitious being susceptible to the mania tc
until one of them, the bishop of Fo- j
ligno, found that what he had believed n
to be a more delusion or fraud in others,
has proved to be a grave reality. Hav
ing allowed himself, by way of a joke, c
to be bitten by a tarantula, he could
obtain no other cure than by being
compeled to dance, through the influ- ii
ence of the music of the tarantella. -
It was fully ascertained that the bite I
of the tarantula was not at all poison- t
ous, and the bishop was persuaded of h
this when he undertook the joke.,
Still. the idea having at length taken e
possession of his mind that possibly it
might be poisonous after all, he be- c
came a victim of this imaginary poi
son. From the state of public opinion
in that age it has been recorded that
even the most decided sceptics, incapa- h
ble of guarding themselves against the
recollections of what had been pre- a
sented to the eye. which had been ridi
f culed, and which was in itself inert in
its effects.
Against the imaginary effect pro
duced by the tarantula's bite or by the
bite of the sufferers, neither youth nor I
old .age afforded any protection, so
that even old men of ninety threw
aside their crutches at the sound of the
tarantella, and, as if some magic po
Stion restorative of youth and vigor
e were, flowing through their veins,
Sjoined the most extravagant dancers.
Fernandino, an eminent medical au
n thority of the time, recorded the caseof
a- ly five years old who was seized
I with the dancing mania in consequence
of the bite of the tarantula, and what
k is almost past belief were it not sup
r ported by the testimony of so credible
c an eye witness, even deaf people were
e not exempt from the disorder, sopotent
I in its effects was the very sight of those
`e affected, even without the exhilaration
. caused by music.
is The powers of sympathy were also
s strikingly manifested in 1787 at Hodden
r. bridge, in Lancashire, where a girl put
i a mouse into the bosom of another girl,
who had a great dread of mice. T'he
' rirl was instantly thrown into a fit,
and continued to suffer from the most
violent convulsions for twenty-four
hours. On the following day three
h girls were seized in the same manner,
e, and on the second day six more were
k attacked.
The alarm became so great that the
w whole works, where from two hun
dred to three hundred hands were em
s ployed, were totally stopped, and the
idea prevailed that the plague had
at been introduced among them from
t, opening a bag of cotton. Fourteen
a- more were seized on the two following
Qv days, making in all twentv-four
actual victims of this excitement ofi
e terror in sport. Of this number twen
e1 ty-one were young women, two girls
e less than ten years of age, and one
I man, who had been much fatigued by
a holding the girls.
The symptoms were so violent that
d it required from four the five persons
in to hold patients to prevent them from
in tearing out their hair or from dashing
their heads against the walls or floor.
But when the public became assured
al that the complaint was merely a nerv
ous disorder, not introduced by any
ed poison from the cotton bale and easily
id. cured, no other person was affected,
although previous to that several per
sons had been so afflicted even when
several miles from the scene of excite
he ment, merely from hearing reports of
els the symptoms manifested in others.
ng Dancing was found to be the most ef
1o- fieacious remedy.
es The effects of sympathy and imita
at tion and excessive excitement mani
mm fested at camp meetings in this coun
55 try show that with all our boasted ad
lvy vanceinent in civLlization beyond those
as who inhabited Europe during the mid
vy dle ages, the human mind is-still sus
of ceptible to these Strange mental delu
al, sions and physical manifestations, ex
Le cited entirely through the power of
sy sympathy and imitation in those who
he place themselves in circumstanccs fa
led vorable for their development.--N. Y.
sa- ierald.
ill -The other day I was told of a little
of girl who attended a distribution of
sea prizes given by the society for the pre
sevention ,f cruelty to animals. She had
ut- won, you must know, a book as a
ed reward for writing the best essay on
n. the subject given, and, with the other
successful children, was undergoing a
is- viva vooe examination. "Well, my
as dear," said the gentleman who had
n- givensaway the prizes, "ehn you tell
sin me why it i cruel to dock horses' tail.
is and trim dogs' ears?" "Beoause," an
ell swered the little girl, "what God had
m joined together let no man put asun
the ' der."-ILeisure Hour.
Iu- - -Wee Hwat.\ E, wIo was reported
ng to have left Arliana a year ago with
ror i ha pretty. Ametrican wife, afterlositng
4, ! Solt~e, is unotw ported trom Atrca
SHE OAN'T. FALL FAR.
en leas Ther Val urant Glrls ''e e
EtghlV to utes Them.
Wfhether it is that the parlor maids I
.of Vienna suffer more from vertigo tieo
than those in any other eity, whether one
they've lighterheads and heavier heels of 1
than the servant girls of other places, ori;
or whether it is that window cleaning mIn
. is more dangerous .in Vienna than else- tiq
where, certain it is that the lady win- wh
dow cleanser is better protected there '1
than in any other quarter of the globe. th
The servant girl in the capital of Aus- res
tria has an attachment-not neces- tal
sarily of the amatory kind-but com- ni
pulsorily of the cordage kind. She we
must not mount the window sill with- fol
out her belt and a rope con- des
nection with the building, so of
that should she be over- trt
come by any feeling whatoeever while pes
cleaning the window and lose her head na
--that is to say, her balance-she can't on
fall only the short length of the rope, the
and will remain suspended between pu
heaven and earth, like Mohammed's ici
eoffin--only a much more attractive
object-until succor arrives. th
There have been no appalling aeci- do
dents of this kind in New York city, me
but it seems that in London the win- no
dow-cleaning maids will persist in ar
& tumbling into the street. On this sub- wl
· ject a correspondent writes from Vien- hu
na as follows: oK
S "I notice that Londoners are con- th'
eerned at present over the dangers in- by
curred in window cleaning. As a rule ne
the Vienna Stuben-maedl-I will not sw
E call her Mary Ann-possesses a neat pit
little figure, and oftener than of
otherwise a pretty face; but an
elI do not believe it is for ce;
these reasons alone that the policemen foi
have so interested themselves in her
welfare as to compel every household- ca
n er to possess a sicherheitsguertel or oh
it safety girdle for her use when window an
cleaning. A few months ago a parlor hi
maidfell from a fourth-floor window b3
n sill, and from her hard pavement bed so
it she was removed to our big general to
"' hospital. She recovered sufficiently to tb
1e show that she would never be of use m
again for hard service, and, as it was in
r- proved by the police authorities that ti
n the lady of the house had provided no m
safety girdle, a heavy fine was im- Ia
o posed. An allowance-if I mistake not In
IC -of ten shillings weekly during -the tU
ir lifetime of the injured parlor maid has of
vO also to be paid." In
is AN HONEST BRITISH SEA DOG. a,
o -- si
r Spins a arn or How the Lightning Left
the Sky to Bite a Sailor's Ear.
. The skipper of the Abama, just in
u- from far Dundee. has a hatitof observ- Ti
of ing very curious things at sea. On-a
ad voyage he completed several months
ce ago, he can very nearly through the nn
at middle of a sea leviathan. This time G
p_ the truthful skipper struck, when only it
le two days out, a storm that knocked the t
re stach old ship just like a cork about. G
nt Seas reared across her weather side and p
,e smashed her starboard rail and sent f,
on her ventilators off a-flying down the o
gale. But that was not the worst of it. p
so When off the George's banks rain fell
en as if J. Pluvins had emptied all his I t
it tanks, and from the darkness and the js
ri, flood there came a thunderbolt the like
lie of which no man has seen since Pega- |
it, sus was a colt. It burst upon the is
)t skipper, so lie rhythmically tells, like o
ur a flaming concentration of forty thou. ti
*ee sand hells. It lit upon the foremost
er, truck, then scooted down the spar and 1i
are leaped aft to the flying bridge, much i
like a drunken star. The second mate i|
he saw its approach and crouched in z
in- deadly fear. It hissed so close to him. i
m- he says, it scorched his star-board ear. h
he Then down into the middle hatch he r
ad saw the bolt cavort, and, like a flam
3m ing snake, squirm in and out of every s
en port, and finally it hovered o'er the
ng quarter deck and sped away in the i
wr direction of the quartermaster's head. c
of He dodged .it very cleverly, and, with t
en. an awful whoop, it killed off every r
rn rooster in the empty chicken coop e
Inc You may believe this or you mayn't,
by but that fine old sea dog', the steam
ship's skipper, says it's so, and he's got t
bat it in in his log.
nc This skipper's name is Foreman.
]om When he has a yarn he'll spin it in a
ing way that makes you certain that
or. Clark IRussell isn't in it.-N. Y. Sun. I
red A Doubtful Case.
rv The garrulous young man's chin
mny hadn't been still for three hours. The
aily last half hour had been devoted to cau
ed, tion in speech.
,or- "It is a very difficult thing." he said,
ten "for any person to say nothing."
"it- "I don't know as to that," dissented
s of the young woman very gently. "You 1
irs. have been talking all evening."-De
ef' troit Free Press.
its- He Had Seen Them.
mi- He had been talking to the pretty
on* girl from Boston about his observa
ad- tions and experiences in the west.
"ose "Did ;you," she inquired, "ever see
aid- any of the Indians ,known as 'Excava
s' tora'?"
•lu- "As vhicl~-oh-er, yes," and he
ex- hastened to assure her that he had
Sof seen any number of "Diggers."--WVash
rho ington Star.
fa- A ChaIn of Suadays.
It is a strange fact, but one said to
be true, that every one of the week
days is for some nation a Sunday, or
ttleday of rest. Monday istthe Greek Sun
day; Tuesday is the day of rest among
p" the Persians; Wednesday among the
had Assyrians; Thursday among the Egyp
s tians; Friday is the Sabbath day with
Son the Turks, and among the Jews satnr
her day is kept.--B oston Herald.
my Learnig Prom aperlesee.
had "Do you believe," he said, as he ten
tell derly stroked her hater. "'Do you be
aile lieve that a deep, abiding love like ours
an- can ever die out?"
had "'Not now, George. I don't," she we
sun- sponded. "But it .alwa~a did in my
previous engagements."-Chicago Rec
ord.
rted
nth A Ialshble Yeath.
sing "'ow do you begin to shave, Chap.
tles p1e1"
"Alts **ah-I dllow the goad 1d ntqle,
TaUTH-TELLING MuSI.
PVol geme, oSsaw the sl bte, ReliSs ma
Pe.elags eof Ma Ags* Il.
In the folk songs of the different nea
tions of the world men of science will
one day recognize a body of evidence' El
of great value in the study of populari a
origins, facial relations, primitive so
mnodes of thought, ancient customs, an
tique religions and many other things of
which make up the study of ethnology. it
These folk songs are the eehoes of dl
the heart beats of the vast, vague, ir- "s
resistible people. In them are crys- th
talized habits, beliefs and feelings of si
unspeakable antiquity; yet not in the to
words of the songs alone. Study of
folk song text is only half study; in- U
deed, it is a study of the lesser half ti
of the subject in respect of ha
truthfulness. The words of the at
people's songs are a record of exter- ti
nals chiefly. and very often they are c
only half truths. If we would know et
the whole story which their creators ,
put into them, consciously or uncon- b
sciously, we must hear also the music. of
As the term implies, the folk song is
the product of a people, and a people to
do not lie. iMusic is an essential ele- tI
ment of it, and music not only does t
not--it can not lie. The things which
are at the bottom of music, without tl
-which it could not be, are unconscious
human products. We all act on a rec
ognition of this fact when we judge of ,
the sentiments of another, not so much h
by wha t he says to us as by his man
ner of saying it. The feelings vwhich- aI
sway us publish themselves in the
pitch, dynamic intensity and timber
of our voices. Try as we may, if we o
are powerfully moved we can not con
ceal the fact if we open- our mouths 11
for utterance.
Involuntarily the muscles of the vo
cal organs become tense or ralax in P
obedience to the emotional stimulaus.
r and the drama which is playing on the
hidden stage of our hearts is disclosed t
Sby the tones which we utter. I do not
I say in the words, mind, but in the
1 tones. The former may be false, but v
the tones are endowed with the ele
a ments already enumerated, of pitch,
5 intensity and timbre, and the modula
t tion of these elements makes expressive
o melody. Silenus has recognized this 9
law and Herbert Spencer has formu
t lated it: "Variations of the voice are ,
e the physiological results of variations
a of feelings;" and "feelings are muscs- I
lar stimuli." Thus simple is the ex
planation of the inherent tirluth fulness
i, and expressiveness of the people's mu- 3
sic.-Musical Herald.
WHAT IS GEOLOGY.
* The Science One That THas reen very 0
a lHappily Named. t
.a The science of geology is happily c
e named, for freely rendered from the
e Greek into the English mode of speech '
y it is earthlore. To those who are fa- I
e miliar with the manay meanings of the e
t. Greek logos which makes the latter -
d part of the word, the sense goes yet
it further, and includes the explanation t
Le of the phenomena pertaining to the !
1 As is the case with the other sciences,
is the limits of geology require some con- I
1e sideration. When we consider this ,
:e sphere as one of that celestial family a
.- which constitutes the solar system, we 1
10 inevitably touch upon astronomy. Very a
:e often the geologist deals with ques- e
u" tions which lie within the domain of '
at physics, or of chemistry. Again, I
iA in tracing the successive periods, I
th he finds that his problems lead him
Le into the domains of the botanist or the
in zoologist. When he deals w.ith the
Q. last stages of the development of life
r, he finds himself in contact with human
e remains, so that the history of man
n- kind and of human customns, the
'Y sciences of anthropology and ethnology
Oe must be called on to lend their aid to
he his researches. In fact, every branch
d. of physical and biological science has
Al to enter into the logos, or explanation
rV of the earth. Thus we see that the
P earth-lore is not to be regarded as a
t, separate branch of learning, but should
a- rather be considered as an accumula
ot tion of knowledge, the separate parts
being bound together by the fact that
n. they all pertain to the history of this
a majestic orb. and serve to give us an
at account of its order and its history.
Prof. N. S. Shaler. in Chatntauquan.
in Sacred Numbers.
e All of the general oddity writers in
the T nited States have taken turns at
proving the seven to be a "sacred num
ber'," and even the great Talmage has
preached a sermon with that number
as his theme. The three, however, and
on its surprising number of recurrences in
sacred literature have seldom been
mentioned. That a singular signifi
cance is attached .to that number can
be easily proven. Noah had three
sty sone; Jonah was three days and nights
ran in the whale's belly; there were three
patriarehs-Abraham, Isaac and Jacob:
tee Daniel was thrown into a den with
ea- three lions for praying three times a
day; three persons. Shadrach, lleshech
he and Abednego, were rescued from the
ad fiery furnace: Job had three true
sh- friends; the commandments were de
livered on the third day: the dreams of
Pharaoh's baker and butler were to
come to pass in three days; the sacred
to letters on the cross were three in num
bek er--. H. 5.; the three conditions of man
or are earth, hell, and Heaven, and lastly
an- we have the Holy Trinity-Father,
n Son and Holy Ghost.-St. Louis Repnb
lie.
ithI she Wanted to See It.
"Do you like to look at the hogs?'
said Farmer Richland tohis little niece
from the city.
"Yes, indeed; unlee," replied the in
e telligent whild, "but I can't make out
.ret which pig it is which gives the
rs boneless bacon."-Pittsburgh Chroni
cle.
my 1-She--"erest, suppose you didn't
tec- love me nearly as much as you do now,
would you marry me?" He--"You bet
[ oauld. You don't know how muok
t think of your fsather.-"-1q. . Y 1Herald.
-"What is the ocrel Egsh .f I?
*a,17 D~~~~P~ortri~~pa;o-8jfleet. b~t mCle
I -The ,pr-elprlE
i South Ameries c-are thes
byterian church, nors s
suthiern Baptistchurch.,
Episcopal church, north-l
and the South Amnerltm
so-lety.
--NG that the rod is p -.
of date as an educaticnal l
it surprises and pleases
die age to observe the  ri
that their children often
their teachers. The younsters
school willingly and stay, after t
to chat with the teachae...
-Inthe free night-sehools of
Union, New York, there re two
tions, the scientifie and ..the at,; .
having a course of fie yea
student may enter for any
time he pleases, but if-he or she
sent three times without stisaeIj
excuse, the privileges of the scheoqi a
withdrawn. In some classes theý
her of applicants is greatly ini
of the accommodation.
-The Maryland Episeopslisim"
talking of dividing the diocese,
the city of Washington one docese
the state of Maryland the other. Sn ,.
however, object to this, on the grol :
that the future bishop of Washington: _
ought to have some outside missioa :.,'
territory to keep him from being pusf.
up. They say he might get to clal..".
himself "'Vashington," after the-':
glish fashion; and if his front ma" ;;
should happen to be George the rstsm
Swould be awkward.
-At the annual meetingof the bord'.
of trustees of the American univez sit:
in Washington, the chancellor, Bil
Hurst, announced a gift of 6100,d. ,.
The site is valued at 5300,000, *i-ed .
pledges towards buildings andendow
ments amounting to $300,000 had:e " -
received before the last donationf'l .
I 1100,00 was received. The univi .
therefore, has, in prophrty and pledges,
versitv has yet been organized - a 
opened. When sufficient funds are  -
cured to warrant it, buildings will be
erected, and the work of orgein z
the teaching of the universityo *"Wb,
gin.
~ --Col. Thomas Wentworth Higgin
son, who has just celebrated his seve
! tieth birthday, recently gave interest
I ing testimony to the decline of drink
ing among the students of Harvard
university. He used in his younger
years to see students reeling down
North avenue, in Cambridge, from Po-:
ter's tavern, where they had indulg:ed
in the potent "'flip," which nowhere':
else was made so strong, and instandes
! of intoxicated students careeiing'
through the college yard were not n
v common, "while nowadays," says the
e colonel, "I am sure no student would
ih willingly be seen staggering acess
- llarvard square. It would be consid- "
e ered poor form, and any man who 'did :
r such a thing would lose caste."
t -An Odessa correspondent saya that.
n the Russian'orthodox missionariesrave
me so failed in their proselytizing e~oarts.
among the Khirgese that the misions
s, will probably be shortly withdrawn. -"
n- Nearly the whole of the steppe tribes,.
is generally described as "heathens,"ar -
y now adopting, almost en masse, the
e Mohammedan faith, which is spread
y among them chiefly by Tartar teach
a- ers. The Mohammedan Tartars haet
of always enjoyed the right of free prose
n, lytism among the natives of the
s, Kirghese steppes. According to a re
m port just issued by the All-Russian
ic Orthodox Missions society, during the
sc last 2:, years its missionaries, have
fe made 85 converts among the heathens
in of Asiatic and European Russia and
n- Japan. The cost of these missionsdur-
e . ing the quarter of a century amounts
1y to 3,146,T63 rubles.
WORSHIP HUMAN BEINGS.
as A Sect in India Whose Chlef Divinity Is
>Q uaeen Victoris.
Qe There is a sect in Orissa, in the Bengal
a presidency, who worship Queen Vic
ld toria as their chief divinity. Col. Ora
la- ham also discovered that her majesty
ts was an object of worship in the temple.-.
at of Phodongo-Lama, at Tumlong, in
,is Thibet.
an A sect in the Punjab worship a deity
whom they call Nikkal Sen. ThislWik.:e
kal Sen was none other than thel :
doubted Gen. Nicholson, and nothl,':
that the general could say or do d$p-':`
in ened the enthusiasm of his- adofths.
at M. du Chaillu tells that some of .- t ;he
m- African savages looked upon hiaih as a'
ias superior being, and the. South sea s-:
)er landers worshiped Capt. Cook at .
nd deity. Even when they had killed hia
in and cut him up into small piedeoserk
Len inhabitants of Owyhee fully eacýed
ifi- him to reappear and frequently ti's
an what he would do to them on
rec turn.
hts Lander, in his Niger expeditioil
ree that in most African towns'Lma) '
b: lauges ihe was treated as a 4~ei d.
ith Lord John Lawrence has e~.
a shiped among the Silks in ghws
ch India. Three years agoa p.a.:
he Jurjung Tain, a district eom
e for the Russian governmenL t -
he- ligivak, in the north~ e-
Sof Siberia, imagined hewas a
Ssequnently he declared -
ed the chief divinity in the,V
mn pantheon. Divine honors
an him, and he was carried
tly settlement daily. On speeied
r, he was accompanied by a
b- procession, when he -wae
eight richly-dressed is
richly-ornamentcea ri
.w adorned by the mwii
ece bells, horses' talk-s
before him was .
in career, howevei' was
out he was arrested b
the thorities ad mit i
ni- where heis now.
asylum.--Chichg
out here bo