iFFISIAL JNSIAL SF THIM PARISL. '
. . ae -lse th.Mpega La. Psn-ORe as Sesod
SATn rY, Nov. i s, ee95
--------------· . ·. - :-'-,--. - II
Smreoe thea tea lime. S eamcn a lime,
m For the Legislature. C
To the Editor of. Gmue:s t
Ro . Lr., No. 1SN , 1 895.
St a-Y byt authorized to an
roance me: cainddate for the House of i
TRepreaentalvls at the election of s896. My
funme surbjct to the Democratic white pri
maris. Very res pectfullsy,
U(. W. SCRANTON.
About all that is left of the Demo
cratic party in the year of 189 is
Tamany Hall. And yet- the theory
of the survival of the fittest has some
very earnest alherents. -Trenton
American, Dem. i
If Congress do not take some S
measures in the matter of the mar- ti
riages between titled Europeans and ai
American heiresses all the gold in
th;s country will be carried to the fa
other side of the Atlantic. di
An exchange wishes to know why CI
st is that rich folks are always mar- is
ried by ihe highest dignitasies of is
the church. It may be considered s
an impertinent question, neverthe- th
less, the answer would be interest- re
ing. Of course, it is not a matter th.
of dollars and cents. so
We believe that in supporting Mr.
H. H. Hargrove, of Shreveport, for m
superintendent of public education,
we are voicing the sentiments of
mine-tenths of the people of this
State who have taken an interest in
public education. Mr. Hargrove is ha
mot a politician and if elected he if
would not be handicapped by po.
Etical ties in the performance of his ba
duty. su
ovi
Our able, but obstreperous con- get
temporary, the Shreveport Progress, Du
says that it has "about come to the pal
conclusion that there is little inde- fay
pendence left among the white suc
Democrats of Louisiana." Why so, Re]
Hicks? What have they done to her
merit such censure? Is it that they and
have refused to lend their assistance of
to a move whose success meant the tort
disruption of the Democratic party? the
We learn from the Ibervalle South tion
that Albin Provosty, Esq., is a can- lead
didate for district attorney of the husi
fousthteenth judicial district, com- ed t
josed of the parishes of Iberville, the
West Baton Rouge and Point Cou- The
pee. Besides being an able lawyer, for I
Mr. Provosty is a newspaper man and
and a member of the Press associa- lical
tion of Louisiana. He is a high- tion
toned gentleman and, if elected, will and
make an excellent officer.
Whenever Breaux, of the Clarion, co..
has anything to say, he says it. He forei
is worth a whole lot to the cause of news
white-supremacy in St. Landry, and repor
if that parish does not get rid of the 1.
was
negro as a political factor it will not ica.
be his fault. He says in the last no0
issue of his paper: Engli
White primaries is the shibboleth. first
Every citizen who cares for the wel- tade
fare of old St. Landry must feel a Saes,
deep interest, irrespectivye of politi- Chica
cal or partisan consideration, in pre- City,
venting the repetition of such cam- e
paigns as were carried on here at Piut
the last general and many preceding one te
elections, campaigns in which the MI
rtrenuous and all important strug- pos
gle was to capture the negro vote as to t
the deciding factor of the political titler
fortunes of the candidates for office. and o
Every lo)yal Louisianaian can not A
fail experiencing a keen delight in days,
hearing of the crushing defeat in the ire
elections of Thursday that has over
whelmed those arch traitors to De
mocracy and infamous tools of a the G
corrupt monopoly, A. P. Gorman of ta
of Maryland and Calvin Brice of
Ohi, whom it has pleased Sat;n to ma i
-asq;terade before a confiding con- paper
stituency aa Democsats. These tha
men have done more to disrapt the l4th
Democratic pi: ty in this State- and a ai
brinag defeat to it elsewhere in the the St
Union, than any other two men. imic
While professing Democracy and Ipbe
adherence to its procltaimed tenets to awn
these men have upon every occa- ca wo
Slon shown a flagrant, contemptuous
disrtg.i .4 the rights and desires of folloi
the people and labored uncessiugly IeI
ils 'the itefest 4 monopolies and rg i
:st. T Their devotion to the Sugar tate,
Tinst is responsible for that abomi- their as
ation the Goban Tb bitt l and mpe
-ig:s.torm of indigmation which fol- "ClMO
The defeat of these men se i
i iL b alegsn and we hope of this
a Uried beyond all hope of
tion. --Abbeville Meridion- e
 : r::.:
Y umnag the De u ratic *utlv
S Comiiittee. of thij judici istri
met it Abbeville last Sat, a
decided to hold a convention at the
court-house in this town on the asst
Scora of December to nominate candi
dates for judge and district attorney.
On the same day the parish com
mittee of Vermilion beld a meeting
s b and pursuant to the action of the
M district committee ordered that
mass saeetings be held in the differ
ent wards of that parish to elect
delegates to State, Senatorial and
to the Judicial convention which
5. meets here on the 3est of next
we of month. Hon. J. O. Broussard,
Mr president pro tern of the Executive I
SCommittee of this parish, has issued
x" a call for a meeting of that body on
the asst of November to take steps
tmo- toward the selection of delegates
0 from this parish.
ory The committee in the parish of I
ton Vermilion is composed of twenty- t
one members and out of that num- t
there were seventeen present at last
ome Saturday's meeting, showing that s
nar- the Democrats of our sister parish
and are fully alive to the necessity of
I in making party nominations. We are
the far more fortunate than many other a
districts, as the factional differen- *
why ces in both this and Vermilion par- p
mar- ish have been healed and the party J
of is united and in a position to pre- t
red sent a solid front to the enemy in
the- the approaching campaign. Al- m
est- ready in different parts of the State c
iter the Republicans are organizing and St
seem to be in a frame of mid to
give us some trouble. Encouraged A
for by their recent abnormal victories fe
in other States they boldly assert sh
on their intention of carrying Louis-I
o ana. wl
his The Democracy of Old Lafayette
in has never felt better than at present.
ie It was never known to flicker, and in
if we are not mistaken its glorious th'
his banner of Democracy and white- ;o
supremacy will continue to wave oi
over a victorious army, banded to
n- gether by ties of common interests. 0o
s, During the last congressional cam- R
he paign news was sent abroad that La- PC
le- fayette parish, which had always th
ite successfully stormed the assaults of L
lo1 Republicanism, would stray from ca
to her well-beaten path of Democracy wi
ey and white-supremacy to join some li
ce of the sugar parishes, but the his- th
be tory of that campaign is yet fresh in me
Yf the minds of our readers. All fac- lob
Lh tional spirit was obliterated and the st
m_ leaders of both factions met on the
1e hustings and appealed in impassion
ed tones to the voters to stand by tco
the party and its regular nominee. the
a. The result was a magnificent victory woi
r, for the Democrats and an inglorious gra
n and humiliating defeat for the Repub- Pri,
I- licans, giving a most brilliant illustra- ath
a. tion of the efficacy of party unity the
ii and a solid organization. in i
QUOTRTIONS FOR TITLES. wos
Commeerial-AppWal. wh
If this craze of American heiresses for how
foreign titles continues much longer the Op4
if newspapers will have to print in their market
d reports something like this:
e London. Nov. 7.-The title market today
was firm with a strong demand from Amer- tow
ºt ica. Quotations were as follows: English
it princes, $0o,ooo,ooo; English dukes, are
$8,ooo,ooo; English viscounts, $5,ooo,ooo; eve
English lords, $s,oooooo; German titles of
first grade, $3,ooo, ooo6,ooo,ooo; second
grade, $toooo,@s,ooo,ooo; French ti- coy
ties fairly active at unchanged prices.
a Ses, a English princes, s to Miss Pork of per.
SChicago and one to Miss Lard of Kansas illte
SCity, at best quotations; 3 English dukes, and
one to Miss Magnate of New York, one to
Miss Bean of Boston and one to Miss Oil of wee
t Pittsburg; 6 German titles of first grade,
Sone to Miss Boanza of San Francisco, one to
e Miss Snob of Washington, one to Miss Coal offic
of Philadelphia, one to Miss Wheat of Minne
apolis, one to Miss Gas of St. Louis and one crit
Sto Mi Brewery of Milwaukee; a French that
1 titles, one each to Miss Cotton of Memphisoc
and one to Miss Sugar of New Orleans on
p. I. Rusian ltes are a drug on the market. thr
Turkish titlescanot be sold at any price
A strong bul movement is eapected in a few
Sdays, which will be caused by lively bids of
several New York heiresses for titles of the Pu
Sfirst grade. trict
Attention, Te hes !raa
The following letter huas been received by Dr. I
the Gazette for publhcation. The ettenton Vern
Sof tb. teachers of this parish is called to it: Vuor
I New IseaEA, La., Nov. s4, 3593. You
Editor of tie Gazette:-VIll you plese Abshi
make known through the columns of your tions
paper that the teachers of your parish are in- Voorl
vited to attend a State Teachers' Institute they
that will be held on December 9th to the Wi
r4th inclusive. The Institute will be con- candi
ducted by Prof. B. C. Caldwell, assisted by torne]
an able corps of teachers from the faculty of jadici
the State Normal School. The State Lnsti- solved
tute managers, as a aeans of inspiring and prty
making more eflicient the teachers o the of the
pbia schools of the State of Louisiana and be hel
to awacn a deeper publice interest in said on
schoola, have adopted this system of practi
cal work for the teachers of our State. In didte
furtherance of that object, they heave a pro- for dii
rider ain the school law, ~ic. 7s, p. 33, the solved
followiang: *'The school superintendent of will b
every pariash in which no State Imstitute is to deleg
be held during the year, shall encourage and net S
urge the public school teachers of his parish the S
to attend the nearest State Teachers' Insti- and it
tute, granting them leave of absence from of sel
their school duties and giving them the same rei
compensation for Ittmenln the Isstitute as" Da
i provided Sec. 70 for the teaehes of paih.
school located in Use pariah wheren the In- three I
stitute is held." to th
It is the intention of the sehool suthothim re Ii
of this pds t try and mkr th m tn of this
•and pisnotO. ait All ttag papr
.thurn win fid good board t from $i so fatte
56per wee.k, R!espe~fUy. the me
Wt.R.R. Btarx,
Parish Superintendent. J. F.
TZS. OR SU 7NDR .
r coD 7'ON.
ctl The Gazette the Airst Ipa r
ti I Louisi . to est the name' of
a H H. H rro of Caddo, for-the
at the position of State Superintendent of
e s2st Public Instruction, and we are
:di- pleased to learn through the press
irney. that Mr. Hargrove's same will be
com- presented to the convention for the
setiag Democratic nomination. Mr. Har
sf the grove is probably the best equipped a
man for the office of superintendent a
that that could be found. He knows 1
difer- more about public schools than any t
elect man in the State, having devoted s
I and many years to the cause of educa- t
which tion. He understands thoroughly
the work of the school room and is i,
next a practical man and an incessant r
isard, worker. At the head of the educa
:utive tional department of the State he n
ssued would be in a position to accom
y on plish much good. He could do for
the State at large what he did for
steps Caddo parish, and that is saying a
gates great deal, as may be seen from the
following clipping from the Shreve
sh of port Judge:
nt For a period exceeding six years he has
been actively and earnestly devoting his v
sm- time and pea to the upbuildin of public
t last education i. Louislan.s and it m no iasag.
ailcant fact that that period has marked the
that most rapid and the strongest growth this
arish cause has ever experienced in our State. 0
During the last quarter of 8883 H. H. Har- a
y - of rove became superintendet of education
e are or the arh o Caddo. This date and this R
fact mark an era In the history of our city eg
ther and parish, and when, through press oft
.nmore necesary dutis, he resiged the par
ren- a superiutendntship in 1893, e lifted our I
par- public schools from the trammels of an inert
existence and stamped them with the dignity e
rt of actual intellectual factors. He had given bi
pr- to the educational movement an impetus f
that stopped not within the bounds of his
own parish, but which reached and set in sa
Al- motion the sluggish blood of the whole sys- so
itate m of public schools. He had given to our
city a system of graded schools of which any H
and State might well be proud. This is what
d to Hardy Hargrove has done and is earnest of es
what he will do for the cause of education. M
aged A life spent in devotion to the cause of his Al
S fellowman, a strong forceful character, an
(ries indomitable will, energy that never falls
ksert short of enthusiasm and a firm adherence to
is- pnciples have made Hardy Hargrove what TI
e is, and will make him a superintendent to laI
whom our State and the country may point Sl
ette ith pride. At
ent. There is nothing practical about the silly co
talk of downing bosasism in one breath andal
and is the next breath urging the necessity for
ous the triumph of Democracy. The bosses be- A
t lg the Democracy and the Democracy the Ag
ite- Bosses, how can one he downed without the G.
ave other P-Franklin Vindicator.
to- Can The Vindicator point out
sts. one good thing ever done by the
am- Republican party when it was in
La- power in this State? Such talk as
ays the above will never deceive a true
of Louisianan. Louisiana Republi
om cans talking of bosses ! It is a fact,
well known by all, that the Repub
me lican party has always been under
&is- the absolute control of such infa
a in mous scoundrels as Warmoth, Kel
ac- logg and negroes of the Demas
the stripe.
the Sometlhng to Conssider.
o- Every column in a newspaper
by contains from ten to twenty-two
by thousand distinct pieces of metal,
ce. the displacement of one of which
ary would cause a blunder or a typo
,us graphical error, says Press and
ib. Printer. And yet some people M
think it strange when they can find
a- an error In a newspaper. When
ity they see a word with a wrong letter
in it or a misplaced one they are C
sure they could have spelled the
S. word right and they are happy for a
whole day and go around telling
or how the editor made a mistake.- T
the Opelousas Clarion. on ]
ket The "smart Alecks" who are in r
der
lay more or less numerous in every unti
er- town should read the above. There tain
, are persons who never fail to call arat
o; everybody's attention to an error bart
d which they might accidentally dis- ery,
ti- cover in the columns of a newspa- to t
per. They are as a rule the most rice.
isa illiterate people in the community For
t and could not spell the days of the Judi
of week correctly if their very lives de- or ta
c, pended upon it. And yet these Ne
.1 officious folks would pose as literary
e- critics, when it is a well-known fact
ch that they can not write a three-line
U local for a newspaper without going J
:t. through a most painful ordeal.
District Committee.
of Anavsx.s, LA., Nov. 9, s895.
e Pursuant to call, the atth Judicial Dis
trict Democratic Executive Committee has
this day met at the coart-house at Abbeville,
La., with the following meambers present:
SDr. R. J. Yong and Dr. J. F. Abhire, of
, Vermilion, Messrs. P. L De-Clouet. E. G.
Voorbhes a.d J. K Mouton, of Lafayette. i
Upon motion of Mr. Voorhies, Dr. RI. J.
Youg was elected chairman and Dr. J. .
e Abahire secretuary. The following resoln
ar tions were thereapon presented by Mr.
- Voorhies and upon motion duly seconded
mI they were adopted uas read:
ic WHEraAs, the time for the selection of
a- candidates for district judge and district gt
y torney by the Democratic party of the 17th
f jludicial district has now arrived. Be it re
I- isolved that a convention of the Democratic
d party of the 37th judicial district composed
a of the "bhe of Lafayette ad Verm.ilion
d be held at the court-home at Lafayette, La.
i on Sutdrdy the stat d of b e,
ui8 ., for the pupoe of selctig one an
Sdidoate fr district judlge and one candidate
Sfor distrlet attorney o said district. Re
esolv-d fartber, th.t eh of said pri·ues
Swill be enotitled in said convention to eight
- delegates, the aumber allowed them ina the
| aext Sate convenmtion, at the last iassion of
t the State Central Democratic Committee,
Sand it be further resolved that the manner
| of selecting said delegates to the convention
c aforesaid be and is hereby left to the Parish D
SDemocra eue tE aive Ceommittee of said l.
Sparishe s and that said convention will elect
Sthree Demcrats from each perish to contd
tnte the neat Judicial District Committee.
R Se it trrther rsoled that the procid
eof this etg he pablished in both t C
I ara rsof Abbl ad beth papers in La- th
Ithe ~mamitt adjearned.
. r. J. Y9VOUN(G, Chairman. S
J. F. Assurns, Secretary.
r mn+Z, . tes irciiiA west
me of Am Distrt of LO a.
ur the Wm:a M. Lo. e. et ili. vS. Teehe "
eat of R. R. & Sugar Co. Ltd.--John
Sare Turls' Sons Intervenors-
press Number 130o.
ill bhe
or the By virtue of a writ of Fi Fi issued by the I
lion. United States Circuit Court for the a
eIar- Wstera Dtrict ..aof Lnisina anad In the a
ipped above entitled and numbered salt I have a
Ident seised and taken into my posssIeioa the fOl- (
Slowing descibed property to-wits -
OWS Two hundred and thirty sugar waao as
a any the Hon plantation in i the h oa St.
voted Martins, La., and will sell at public outcry,
luca- to the last and highest bidder, the above de
gh crlbed ipropert, at the front door of the
d store houe, on said plantation, between the
nd is leal hours for such sales, on Saturday,
esat November so. 2895.
luca- Terms of sale cash. Seised to apprasl
:e he ent. JAS. M. MARTIN,
om- U. S. Marshal Western District, Louisiana.
o for Nov. t6, 2895.
I for
ing a TO TiHB ARMER, NIIOM-SEEK
o the ER, AND TRAVELER. ti
Contemplating a trip West or a
Shas East, the Southern Pacific Co.'s ad- Ii
g vantages are worthy of considera k
inig- tion. We can save you time and
St you can save money by asking any i
State. of her representatives for the infor
lar- mation you desire relative to Ticket
a his Rates, Routes, Time, etc. We
city especially call your attention to the at
1 train service,-which comprises the gt
or latest modern improvements in
eity equipment. Her road-bed is the
given best in the South, and her facilities at
for Speed, Safety and Comfort as- as
et in sure you of a pleasant journey and a
o nu safe arrival at your destination.
2 any Her trains run through all the larg
wf est cities in Louisiana, Texas, New
ºtion. Mexico, Arizona and California. re
f his At New Orleans her trains connect
ti with all Railroad and Steamship Ri
e to Lines for the North and Northeast sc
what Through Pullman Sleepers of the
at to latest design and Pullman Tourist
point Sleepers between New Orleans, Los
Angelos and San Francisco. Her
silly courteous employes will aid the trav
,and eler and solicit your patronage. -
Sbe. Apply to nearest Southern Pacific
the Agent or write to S. F. B. Morse.
the G. P. & T. A., New Orleans, La.
out
the Better
an Dr
as Health 1
S.Than Ever doc
Lct "An attack of La Grippe, Pro
years ago left me a lhysal hou
ub- wrec, ai being naturally frail be
d and delicate, it seemed as if I
eer ver should rally again. In.
fa- duced at last to try
el- AYER'S
per Sarsaparilla
w I was surprised after taklng it
al, two weeks, to find I was Rainin
ch strength, and now I am pleasi
o- to say I am enjoying better healtlh Cy
nd than I ever had before in my
life."-EvA BRAoo. Lincoln, I1L
n Highest Awards AE
en World's Fair
ter n45
Ce hicago.
he
ng For Sale.
THE "LONG" PLANTATION LA
on Bayou Vermilion, abo'it 6 miles
.re in rear of Lafayette, La., now un
der lease to Ad. Von Kalckstein, $1
ry until December 31, 1895. Con
're tains about 2ooo acres superior A
all arable land, fine residence and new
or barn, also gin house with machin
is- ery, cabins, outhouses, etc., and
some fine wood land; well adapted
a- tothe culture of sugar, cotton or
st rice; possession January 1st, 1896.
ty For further particulars apply to
Je Judge C. DeBaillon, Lafayette, La.,
Sor to Messrs. W. I. Hodgson & Son,
seNew Orleans, La. CU
ct CU
Poor
Sealth Form
melas so much more than asi
you imagine---serious and
Sfatal diseases result from~
S trifling ailments neglected.
Don t play with Nature's 1
greatest gigt-health.
nervous, will bc
'Iron
. retbenea -
:Bitters - S
•ten with a
It Cures p
DIyagqaa, Kiney ma Uvewr
Wr. TMaa esae at
asom, m WNr. ers alemen-s d
anOesi CHIlptOAL Co. SALnMORI. NOI in all ki
net'.
West- was a "eed wo
retue show is tihe metams Gad eamnness eve
t whare. Everythin seems to be entirely
new. It undoubtedl makes the best rpr
sentation of any dirss which hmevet vs ted
Raleigh.
As to stock, no such animals have ever set
footin Raleigh biefloe. Eveylhing is strik
ly te ly new and cleman; the menagerle is as
or te well selected one and contains many rare
Saimas. The stes ptradewasan excellent
I have one and showed to great advadtage the
he fol- Great Wallace combklajim.
n Bood eroulee. Prompt atwrnas.
COLUMBIA :
of the
p ._.. RICE MILL,
.:... INEW YORK.
gg. The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
it or above mill which is among the
s ad- largest and best equipped of its
end kind in the United States; solicit
any ing for it a share of patronage.
afor- Rice milled only on toll.
cet If desired will make liberal cash
the advances immediately on receipt of
the goods.
in
the Shipments should be made in
lities strong bags and marked plainly so
as as to be easily identified.
aion. Bags returned or accounted for.
Iart Sales guaranteed and accounts
New
nia. rendered promptly. -
nect NOTE-We make a specialty of Rough a
ship Rice raised trom Japan seed. Good quality
east nets considerably more than equal grade in
theCarolina and Honduras.
arist DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
Los 11 WALL STREET. MEW YORK.
NEW ORLEANlS.
CHARLESTON.
age.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs. Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
houas of the day and night. Everything o
l be found in a first class drugstore.
,P"Next to Falk's Opera House.
6EO. A. DEBLANC
)--dealer in
WOOD, LIME PITTSB'RCOAL
Wholesale and retail.
t Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - . - - -LOUISIANA.
Office and Yard near R. R. Depot.
n45-s.
FOR SALE C
-AT THE--
º LAFAYETTE RIGE MILL
lGi CHICKEN FEED
a-
n, I $1.25 per Sack of 100 Pounds I
ýi- RICE BRAN S
or At 125 Pounds for 50 cents.
Mw 34-sm
n
ad
ed KL-GERM Mani
or
6. OURES ITOH
to IN 80 MINUTES.
t Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Soratches quicker than
- any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
WM. CLEGG.
Ohamberaa',s re said Sin Oagtane
RhauznSald H Sore Nipples, Cha
eo d omI oP I Bnm .
For putting a hor in aiae healthy orn
dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powder.
They tone us the sgtem, aid digestion, cur
lowes ot appe c re moalprtionr, orret
kidney diod nrs aud destroy worm, g5vin T
new life to an old or over-worked hoie bo
nets per payge. For sale by drugstls r
Notice To Tax-.yors.
Notice is hereby given that the tax-roil G
for 1895 is now on file in my office, and all
taxesare due. On movable property, taxes
will become delinquent on Oct. A, p18;
ad on immovable property they will become
delinquent on Dec. 3t, 1895. To avoid
cte tax-payers are urged to settle before
the shove dates. i. A. JIROUSSARD,
Sheriff and Tax-Coll'r of Lafayette parish.
For 8ale.
Seven lots of ground in Lafayette
with two house built on them. Ap- f
ply to Henry Church, Lafayette,
C. Jennaro,
SHOE-MAKER,
Miktes a good, durable shoe. Good fit
guaranteed.
Mr. Jennaro will also give music lessons
in all kinds of brass instruments and clari- *
at. Parkerson block, near depot.
t. GENTS' FUTRNSHNGS
. Is Unsurpassed Anywhere, and My Stock of Ladies'
iaI TJTI AME' GO O. S 2W'
Is Truly the Largest and Most Gornpleete
Ever Brought to Lafayette;
-ass -
I mean every word of this advertisement and am ready to prove what
" I say. Call mad see for yourself.
L LEON PLONSlKY.
A. Shefer,
GENTtten- -DEALER IN
Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooringd,Doors, Blinsd , Briy ks, Firebricks
Pt of
in HOLD UP!
ntIs All the Latest Styles inlte
-e Brouht to Lafayette -L--
I mean every word of this advertisement and am edy to prove what
the n Clot i
lic- urnishing Doors, Blsd, Br rebrics
SPittsburoasd Chrcol Sendoresa ts.
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
L. LEVY & C, La
t alof
All Furniture and Styles ioves.
~ein
1 DRUGS
ALFINE GROCERIES,
SFine Table and Hardware
CLEGG S SOUTHWES r CORNER .....
(j-i-t SCOURT-HOUSE SQUARE.
LG. LACOSTE,
SI -DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultiv.tors, Disc Harrow Leaver
Harow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Do You Know That
Has the Best Assorted Store in Town?
CnA Visit There Will Convince You of this Fact.
GENTS'=CLOTHING
HAS BEEN SELECTED WITH A PERFECT KNOWLEDGE
o 'r usm e'--O L..-e n'rNS No "re ,r s
*The Line of TLadies' Dress Goods
Goods all of the Latest Styles and Sold at
THE - LOWEST - PRICES.
Being Always Anxious =
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COMPLETELY RENCOVATED HER STOCK OF
MIL LINT FI Y
And is Now Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Goods.