ANOTHER 8 00? !! FOBI HFIRM.
THE LONGEST POLE Reaches the Persimmon. Ready Cash
Is the Lever Which Moves the World. .ere.s iresting lItor
Last month the Ely-Walker Dry Goods Co., of St. Louis, Mo., one of the largest dry goods jobbers in the West, were badly damaged by fire. The Insurance
Companies took possession of the entire stock (amounting to about $1,000,000 worth). Great quantities of these goods were damaged. Vast quantities were not injured
one particle. But the entire stock was placed on sale May 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Not a day could this gigantic sale be delayed; and the firm with the ready cash dictated their own
terms. Our Mr. S. P. Mistrot, of Galveston, and our Mr. A. J. Wagner, of New York, were on the spot, and with combined efforts secured some extraordinary bargains.
When the daily papers announced on May 5, that $125,000 worth was sold on the day before, and that Mistrot Bros. & Co. of Galveston, were the largest buyers, every
body knew what it meant.
IT MEANS THAT WE "GOT IN ON THE FIRST FLOOR". IT MEANS THAT WE "DANCED IN THE FIRST SET." IT MEANS THAT WE GOT GOODS
THAT WERE NOT DAMAGED, AT BADLEY DAMAGED PRICES.
When sale of the entire stock had been effected, it was found that Mistrot Bros. & Co. were the second largest buyers, of the entire sale. Car-loads after car
loads of these goods have been coming into Galveston for the past ten days. We are now placing these goods on sale. Consumers are now given an opportunity which is
presented but once in a life time. Dress goods, Domestics, Sheetings, White goods, etc., are being sold at half the prices it cost to make them. Get on the train and
come to New Iberia and get $10 worth for $2.50.
You will save enough on a $5.OO purchase to pay fare both ways and save
money besides.
Some of these goods aro slightly dama ed by water, as they were in that part of the Ely-Walker building where the fire originated. Others are only slightl
soiled, but otherwise perfect, as they were stored in that part of the building which the fire did not reach. The latter goods we have cut off the outside folds and we wi
warrant to be as fresh and clean as any goods in our stocks. In addition to
THESE MIRACULOUS VALUES Our stock is replete in every line.
Every Department has its Novelties.
Every counter has swarms of anxious purchasers waitng to be served. We got into our Big Store just in time to accommodate this immense stock. Of our
6,000 square feet of floor space, not a surplus foot of space remains unoccupied. Why not come where you have a $50,000 stock to select fronm I In addition we save you
from 50cts. to 75cts. on every dollar's worth you buy.
. Will give you some Prices next week.
MISTROT BROS. . IBERIA, LA.,
CON NEW IBERIA, LA.
THE GAZETTE.
.ubscription Price, : ,r Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. 19, Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves z:56 a. m.
No. 17 , 12:20 p. m., 12:45 p. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. o2. Arri's 1.41 a. m. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. 18, " 3:5 p. m. " 3:35 p. m.
AI EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 1x:Io p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
Arrives. ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:2o a. m. No. 20 8:2o p. m.
No. 17 6:40 p. m. No. 18 9:00 a. m.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the Ist, and
and 4th Sabbaths, at Is a. mi. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
II o'clock and at night.
i. r. Reams, Pastor.
Miss Edna Gardiner is the guest
of Miss Mercedes Broussard.
.This is straight. The sprinkler
will begin on the xst of June.
Moss Bros. & Co. are selling
nice and stylish straw hats for men,
boys and children, at absurdly low
prices.
Mrs. Edmond Dupre of Opelou
sas visited her daughter, Mrs.
Albert DeLahoussaye, last week.
Mrs. O. C. Mouton and her
daughter, Miss Mercedes Brous
sard, spent several days in St. Mar
tinville with relatives.
Dr. A. R. Trahan and Jack
Nickerson went up to New Iberia
last Monday to attend a meeting of
the Masonic lodge.
Miss Pearl Guerigniere of St.
Martinville is the guest of Miss Ada
Chargois at the home of Mr.
Charles Olivier.
C. A. Thomas, formerly editor of
The Gazette, but now assistant
cashier of the bank of St. Martin,
was in Lafayette Sunday on his way
to New Orleans.
The Gazette erroneou.ly stated
last Saturday that Messrs. Crow
Girard and John Kennedy had en
tered into partnership for the prac
tice of law in this parish.
Died.
Miss Amelie Debaillon, aged 55
years, died at 8 o'clock p. m.,
Sunday last, at the residence of her
brother, Judge C. Debaillon, after
a long illness. Miss Debaillon was
a native of St. Landry parish, but
had been a resident of this town a
number of years. Her funeral
Monday at the Catholic church was
very largely attended. Father
Kennelly of Grand Coteau preach
ed a beautiful eulogy on the de
ceased paying an eloquent tribute
to her menory.
A turkey was stolen from Mr.
Leon Plonsky Sunday night. This
town needs more men on the police
force. Two men can not possibly
do the work properly. There
should be two policemen for the
day and two for the night.
Miss Emeranthe Domengeaux, a
charming young lady from Breaux
Bridge, was in Lafayette Monday,
visiting her sister, Mrs. F. V. Mou
ton.
Mrs. A. O. Budro of Scott was in
Lafayette Monday. She was ac
companied by Miss Price.
The Gazette is requested to an
nounce that the formal reception
of visiting teachers will take place
Monday night at 8 o'clock at Falk's
Opera House. The address of
welcome will be delivered by Hon.
Chas. D. Caffery. The people of
the parlsh, particularly the ladies,
are urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Alida Campbell and Mr.
T. J. Breaux were married at the
Catholic church Monday morning.
After the ceremony the newly
wedded couple, accompanied by
their friends and relatives, repaired
to the home of the bride's father,
Hon. Winm. Campbell, where a re
ception was held. Mr. and Mrs.
Breaux left on the noon train for a
bridal tour..
Fruit jars ! Fruit jars ! Fruit
jars ! All sizes. Lowest prices.
Moss Bros. & Co.
Clean Up Your Premises.
At this season of the year the or
dinance to compel property-owners
to keep their premises clean should
be rigidly enforced. No exception
should be made. The health of
the people demands that a strict
observance be instated upon by
the municipal authorities. If the
present ordinance is not clear and
explicit, let the Council pass one
that will be fully sufficient. Once
in a while the heat of the July sun
is perceptibly abated by a stray
breeze from the gulf, but
when the gentle gale from the sea
shore comes in contact with one's
unclean premises, it fans along
such odoriferous exhalations that it
soon leaves behind its cooling na
ture and is not at all pleasant to
the olfactory of the man who may
be out on his front porch for a
breath of fresh air.
Wim. Pellerin, the deservedly
popular representative of Ferdi
nand Gumble & Co., of Neaw Or
leans, was in Lafayette this week.
Mr. Pellerin has many friends
throughout this section of Louis
iana who are always glad to see
him.
The following merchants have
entered into an agreement to close
their stores at 7 o'clock p. m., ex
cepting Saturdays and pay-car
days: Wm. Clegg, Plonsky Bros.,
Martin & Ducote, Gerac Bros.,
Mrs. John O. Mouton, Lafayette
Clothing House, B. Falk, H. H.
Hohorst, Alex Delshoussaye, Moss
Bros. & Co., E. Bodenheimer,
Allie Sprole, Felix Demanade, L.
F. Rigues, T. O. Mouton, Mouton
Bros., Mouton & Hopkins, F.
Schmulen.
The Public Schools.
The public schools of Lafayette
have just closed a successful ses
sion. The High School under the
efficient direction of Prof. C. F.
Trudeau, ably assisted by Miss
Irances Greig, has done splendid
work. Owing to the holding of the
summer normal, which shortened
the term by one month, Prof. Tru
deau wisely decided not to give an
exhibition, but to teach every day
to the time fixed for the close.
The progress made by the High
School this year has been emi
nently satisfactory to every one in
terested in the education of the
youths of this parish, and the
selection of the present principal is
one thing upon which our people
may well congratulate themselves.
Prof. R. C. Greig, the ex
perienced and successful principal
of the Primary School, has also
brought a very fruitful session to a
close. He and his industrious and
competent assistants, Misses Lizzie
Mudd and Virgie Younger, have
been untiring in their school work
and much praise is due them.
Excursion to Lake Charles.
The first excursion.of the season
to Lake Charles will be given on
Sunday, June 13, by the Thibo
daux Excursion Club. The fare
from Lafayette and return will be
$z.oo and the train will leave this
station at 9:50. The services of a
splendid band have been secured
and the excursionists will be treated
to excellent music. Perfect order
will be insisted upon and the com
mittee reserves the rights to reject
all objectionable persons.
CHEAP EXCURSION
To Galveston, Tex., and return,
July 39, x897, given by the Cres
cent Excursion Club.
Leaves New Orleans (Southern
Pacific depot) Monday, July 19,
1897, 8:25 a. m.
Returning leaves Galveston, Tex.,
Saturday, 24, 1897, 7:30 a. m.
Train will stop at Gretna,
Schriever, Morgan City, Franklin,
New Iberia, Lafayette and Hous
ton, going and returning.
Fare (round trip) from New Or
leans, Schriever, Morgan City,
Franklin, o.oo; from New Iberia,
$8.oo; from Lafayette, $7.oo.
For further particulars address
Victor Gruber, President, Dau
phine and Conti Streets, or Martin
Ernst, Secretary, 207 Baronne
Street, New Orleans, La.
AT SCOTT
News Items Picked Up by The Gazette
Correspondent.
Mr. Leo Judice made a business
trip to New Orleans during the
week.
Misses Leda Delhomme and Nini
Doucet, accompanied by Mr. Jules
Guidry, took in the New Orleans'
excursion last week.
Messrs. T. R. Simmons and B.
Louvierre were among the New Or
leans excursionists last Sunday.
Miss Mary Price, the lovely
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John
Price, accompanied by Mrs. I.
Bernard and children, left during
the week for Adeline, La.
Mrs. A. O. Budro and daughter,
Lotina, accompanied by Miss Ellen
Price, were visitors in Lafayette
last Monday.
Mrs. W. J. Wadlington departed
last week to spend a short time at
the home of her parents at Winona,
Miss.
The Southern Pacific pay-car
passed through last Sunday and
made a few of the boys happy.
The Scott base ball nine played
a country nine last Sunday and
came out victorious by a large
score. Messrs. Peltier and Duhon
of the battery did some good work.
Had Peltier been in the box at
Pilette, the Pilette nine would have
lost the game. With some good
practice Peltier and Duhon will
soon be a great credit to the Scott
team.
The Broussard band as usual
gave some nice selections at the
dance last Saturday. Everyone en
joyed the party and good-fellowship
reigned supreme.
Messrs. A. Delhomme and son,
Alfred, were Opelousas visitors dur
ing the week.
The charming Misses Adelle and
Isaure Delhomme, of Lafayette,
were visitors last Monday.
We are sorry to learn of the ill
ness of Mr. and Mrs. John Price'i
little daughter. We hope she will
pull through.
Mr. Richard Steckler, of the firm
of J. Steckler Seed Co., New Or
lerns, is on a visit to Mr. Leo
Judice.
Mr. W. Price, after a long visit
in Scott, returned to his home at
Baldwin, last Sunday.
The first Saturday in June a
meeting will be held to take definite
action in regard to the proposed
new Catholic church. We hope the
people will turn out and do some
thing for Scott. ORTON.
Best quality of mixed paint
ready for use and any color, at
lowest prices. Moss Bros. & Co.
Horse-thieves Caught.
Sheriff Broussard returned from
Opelousas Thursday with Dorestin
Fruge, white, and Alexis Eagland,
colored. Both prisoners are wanted
in this parish for horse-stealing.
Eagland is charged with having
stolen a horse from Capt. Bu
chanan during the summer of 1894.
The sheriff, had been on his trail
for some time and finally located
him near Belleview in St. Landry
where he. arrested him Wednesday
night. Fruge is accused of stealing
a horse from Jules Roger a few
days ago.
McDaniel vs. Morninveg.
On the 6th of June Eli Mc
Daniel's thoroughbred fighters will
compete for the honors of the pit
against Morninveg's feathered gls
Iiators from Opelousas. The gladi
atorial contest will come off in Mc
Daniel's arena and it promises to
be a regular Fitzsimmons affair.
Col. Fuller says he is going to win
because he has the gamest chickens
on this side of the Red river and if
the god of war will only accord him
even-handed and impartial justice
his roosters have a splendid chance
to walk away with the. laurels and
:the long green too.