~-m.Id
. 1' .PA
" t
:4._ O'.to *by. n
- - b .ac a tavm.. b
kou F IIEU3.3.~
*uWýt- e ý:-aad Ai S . !las- h:
irn Lag lir:r~o·~
^., a bqato ortoatra2cd by as uoation. j
a wa re'rn ookand Price Litt, ddr9ess
_ =J . B><rras&M ' N
z aiu tnuku srecgs E.C ti
St'acaksBroeWadI~f Smoke CC
weorIofievery eaeoaiputa. c.
__t b la&Cio. u
Eb.Ut ebarra *trl. MU2iiWs. b 'ZYEN
Lightens
sodoss
Tb N. K, Paan
Made only byTi
. .e The N. K. aetbanka
The great success of the chocolate pteparao ofRng
the house of Waflter Baker o. So (estabvlehe
-in: -1780) has l ed' to the placing on 'tl market
many misileading. and unscrupulous Imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Waiter
ttBaker & Co.:are-. the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas arnd
lates on this;continent. No chemioias are.
i their; manufactures.
"on'umers should ask for, and be sure that
: -they get, the genuinie Walter Baker r Co.'s goods.
'ALT R BAKER &b CO., United,
Qc..J.liSTR,. MAs. SS.
r health signet
S - The baby's mission, it
w itok in life, is gro . °To
th t liftle .bundle -of lov
- ad44~neo f-Msii e a
"',, _ndd F P 'iasp at4 j,"
ý . i
qlai e, -T s
zt±tethe
thr o&bef.e s . - I her
i distericiaaoa~ti
O the eles aton lte
eration, beeand- the r s
Smust Sow off One both si_t s-outha )i
well as north, though e '.
tUraed to the southr is an
that to-thtenrthwar&k "T s, we raid
t 'aie fornit of Mrexoo starty, wt e-ha
hence over ther nAtal ate al wge I
Ihave the est ina orm
are developed-.urth-eei:  :eal ea
rent. recurve osihe rn ede o@1
the great Atlaei_ o::tt:eyoae, aug
Sau the periphsyof the.-al d . m
aellso skirt the Atla i asit
the obstre ion .of a'hi -s!ogh ' `rates
they enter the g hu f states ft . hi
recurver. The errate aulowenea:ite
the west guls anidit east gir storms Ph
consist In ther. efforlt to ai th'oughr
rthe hig-presasure belk o ii na during d
this the perissgewh then saet wiad i
ronsly fed n that they abtala tle de- cd
structive : violepa., so often 'oted to
th. . south' ern staet. .-Washi ton ! Stia
fa
` '"' L gib `' ." a
-ct i.t . ..:
theee tcse teln " _t to
bi- a -t.r th nk f
ae. ; " ik ti
l our: ,. pm a au a l a .cin el . s
i a t other- are "bees -a a b
oB hisss ,doseases take Sherlm'
ohrld irs e a, uentle usee- as- di
plth a si. -dather -at -....e
SD Tle  io itit fd
bleo lF wh -ih- isonnued. bn spwhy e it
whic the~r mina tenessti are ndin s
as tpos ei4olla svhr h iovitg beings fr
are rowde together is nlike bee ae a is
ha Phire- ion oa diseases talc teir meved
h rel, laeountre dsatsraste the
' Tkhetar aso te o tipti'a g l sf ledis -.n
ln. eases thpkn 0.8 inducede by eiungsi, c .pc
S i ther ry lowest foim of s ivegetains. tso
. 11. helirfe, which Is continhe onbyspor a ii
o -and ' .mycelium; = or :th read-like thbes, sE
hic inthomer minuay btenessadered undis tery
rad .tinguishabie by the -hulman eye, but i,
bW wifloat. i-llla hatmaespheee,. sad Iby "n
ea duos disea.
Shobed atmodiseae isb con agement, the
snit production of doisfease;t is believed tBe
rh that th country possesses the great tib
Sadealthage of pusk ai, steen fields and
i sparkling and thorouh examse blessingsation
lo-* cas be- and often are neutralized. by ml
i the com nditssion of health and itary. sins.
ST esir ofhomen the contrfamlesy, orf that w
farm homea may be rendered l a verwig c
Shotbed :of disese by confinement, the Mi
unsanitary condition-of cellars; draia- Br
age,.. soir of wtter supply a ed aF oi
roundeding fllt ; eq
"Twent years alongeity they state soard tu
of nealth of commun mdeity.
searchineg aned thorouh exnotamintion So-ed
into the-condition of health and eas sa
f"The hikne inuses of sickness of that on
i.se, and r cerived he ollosurwing con-e mea
clons aore reuenly over
As worke rd s longevity; they are an
end to oclass or community.
"FTher damie are not ation of dellifngd
-sthcli husbands.
"The ourthiecauses f leanickness arbo: cout
to"First, overwork and ho xposre the re
thwomen being mre fireqently over- to
"ixh, imbed-roper ms i mproperlyent
ated, and on" the oud oor with l
'!Third, damp l-ocation of dwellings. Yes
t ue rteerl wnt of cleanliner- about et
their venths, iespeciallent referent e to lea
drainrivi true of f-cellars and Mproximity ter
to barmers dsof onneo and hogopens. the
'Flftb., impure drinking-water, tilt;
lamrgy flue toathe preceding cause. Th.
"' ixth, bed-rooms Improperly 'enti. COe
lated, and on the grouea d changes ith me
the to aenerl use oth steather-beds the re
"Seventh, insufficient recreation." ten
Yhatis been shown tretfarmerth the loMassah- out
place of disease germs, iM permitted to 1e
exist in or:about farm homes, the sani- to
tary conditions are imperfeot, and I b
steps should be taken to remedy and
them. Bacteria are also agencies sect
of disease," and finad lodgment hin
under filthy conditiona. hIanita- hol
tion demands that every precan- heli
tion should be taken in the eases oi rest
idfectiones diseases, that the spread of and
dlsease germs be prevented. Take
even a case of tuberculosis, or eon
sumptlon, and It is fully believed that -
If the matter expectorated-is not dia- kee
Sposed of by being ejected into water cum
and thea bried, but, as is sometimes petr
the case, be ejected upon the floor, tain
even In minuitest quantities it con- yet.
tains the germs of the disease which
-when dried and disintegrated may be but 1
taken up, by the atmnosphere, and float- that
ag therein Aind lodgment, by inhala- muti
tion, Sin --the passages of the ings, suit
and -thus generate a new case ef the sulta
dsheaie,.
- Siu.tiI.. h, aslaned far beyond ad
-tne _mexeaup, ·eroS ion -ot these grosser enla
kfuisdc -wbhieh coospictously offend Ile,
thee maladies, of ii
h ,i:,. ,onsumption, strom
-at., onI ia to -ss
possession of 
r-ir o~~as'~ '~~T~
~6-~
more naut so
hita tb baty alar
trms, and a foot" for t l
tet ofne l ur enouth - nth for e ields
ever rea en, and arot too far, sothat
shee.ep r-aaistin hagie
it. 1 dfoeic as, althoug
- let one gi thatth sptldou or aieds
ta..lrod- ra-tes shoul4, not be too much
to iapar the profts, of early lambs
bad mitttoas ".
Already the gulf coast, between New
Orleans and obile, Ala,. has won for the
its woot ai most enviable reputation
the :fatnitos "alte" wools, practically
a natutnal production. Again, Col.
let oneMark Cockerill too the presoumth for foreld
ei wool at thendst World's fair, in Lon- that
don, from sheep raised in Madison ,
ilroun y ra Mis At mnouch later datoomh
Alreadoi (ith a. i ht i between Neolw
dish lections) eihibited wool. In Boston
tfner than any that had ever been for m.
L in ported there, whloh had been clipped
ts from his sheep in rKetucky, fron= a
breed originated b himselon. Agaothing Col.
Mel- more need be said on he scormie of
tl wool, so far as the eapability of the
-EOtlt' to toddirst oids fair, in Loed -
" . ttd I haate no ttodit|l to explain the
pec donr merits of the "Lake" wool, Madison
the fact of a ross f the Spnish Mer day d
Srinos (introduced a way ibacii undero
Slepanish adainistation) with the sna
Is- tie sheep. That produced a type
th die finer than y tht d ess and soft
b ness o wool and remarkable health.
in poes. theve. fewedihg obeen grain, but
succulent, nutritious herbage the year so
bhe round, there seems to be a wool oien- n
red tire evegness Of quality, so differen.
a tited foms. sheep change of feed from th
ad grass to graiben, and vice versa. tb
- A word as to quality of southern
b mutton, and I wall let one pinstane
ry CoL. Tom ney, of Hinds countya, hi
he Miss., told ae that SpGen. JohMen C. w
a Breeke.(nridgewho had ben hs guest, o
Stold hiiht tnat list ilttofn was quite the
equal of any he had eaten in len- P
rd tucky. CoL Dsbney's mutton was mc
f either from thoroughbred or. grade by.
on Southdowns (I foret wherich now. after
a suteh lapse of time), bred and fromsed
at on his plantation in MissisappL So t
in- much for the quality of southern wool
and mutton. -an B. Hilliard, in Farm I
mo- and Fireside. rid
n- sie all practinsheepmen For Te
Economy of time should be farmerbout s
constant study. How many of your b
he readers-know how to manage fall work
to good advantage? Anybody can ma- I
ure and plow a field of oat stubble, J
ly bliti howt mai~ dan and do t lUanaque toh
plow their corn stubble in the f Ia
rdYet by that-eans the green stubbles
to leave ther rom to dry and harden all winly.
ter; the same withthdowns wIhe green weeds and He
their seeds-they make that much fer
;, tilser instead of the usual arnoyanfe. sd
vthe best means to that end is to use a wh
i. corn catter and shocker, by which "
h- means a than and team, with a boy
to dr muie, can cut and shok siFarm
ten acres per day, leaving shocks
of a hundred or more hills in compact
rows one way across the field.armer This
conleaves nine-tenths or more of the land
rto be manured an fd plowed before the
corn crop really leaves the field, giv
, ing employment to teams that are
* usually idle at this season. It also
levesow the corn crop in compact forll
- to husk and draw ofE- These matters
I believe to 'be of great importance
and not generally understood in all
to lseeons reached by your journal. Any
hint that will help the -armer will
help the world's best t riend as he is
helped and enouraghoked, so will all the
rest get a benet.F. W. Barr, in Far boy
and Fireside.
e HERE AND THERE.
-No self-respecting farmer should
Skeep a dunghill cock under any cir
r cumatances. When this folly is per
Spetrated it simply shows that a cer
tain class of people are not all dead
-yet.
I -Sheep are great weed destroyers,
a but they should not be kept solely for
- that purpose. When kept for wool or
- mutton, or both, a goodly supply of
suitable food is needed, or failure re
-Chickens that have ample range.l
I and of breeds that frully enjoy such
i enlargead liberty, are the most preflta
i ble, because they get a large amounm
,of free lunch, and keep healthy ad
, strong by rustlilng.
S-It is a remarkatile fact, but none
I the-less true, that-the successful frmn
SiT are reWaders of agrioutural papers
_d a r4ultu al lIteb tore of all kcinds.
. makea tt of thsir i ainess, -
I peant, - i "-'-pbro-i what other
i :.l ig ofi.oe
er e wnith ldark..for
e " . r0 "when et ronnubr,; a
- . io k r _They l.tar
tshodes of.ti heotsp o f the s~ria".d
S efro - o--h oaed ne t.
h iatotfn ftor tr fl a ioe to bea aot
i. It'e -n tw w ats se tihe sotie t.
-i e' White basos hae grega.rlotse fin.
s awil, in te big shoald along the teep
Sthores of the lakes or ain tL.e ep Tes
the n fry of the . dg os ahin ,
.dc.-: ig to .this fscking hl1t,
.t - the reteans al- fish with two" hooks
on g Ipreoder. and when a troop passes
$' by they land two at a time, until the
eP ltt survivors have fd.t b They bti
fo e sa snrgeelyo zk.. arnd either hook
h' .theasseires or, get'.away before 'the
!`atgsreqmirinegani troi.. ngar all s
std'.' is. -used, a", very fnin aika lin9b
and tce tightest of singlepstrand
leader.e - the- hoots of t ne essity
"tmu~nst be small,- on aecount of,
re the =tiuy monthe, aof the ibass. r
Sbait fishing it I customary to use a -i
Sfloat wand led a-rranged to .keep their
z bait about four or five feet below the
tsurface. Clsting from the shore ior a
I boat. skittering aend trollin are all
1y .uccessfulyr t employed, and in Septem.
d Either padead dice, about three inohes]
h long, wired to- a Sproat No. 5 hook, or
a- small nickel or brass spoon, with e
single, not treble, hook, makes a kill- e
W ing lure. One- hookid. these pretty
r fellows make a brisk bnt brief -fght
for freedom. - They posass neither the
Y endurance nor the strategico resources
L of the black eass, and depend on their i
r first rush or two to tear loose the
Shook, which frequently happens, their
Smonths being so tender. They are a
Sdedlielous pan ish, and, to the minds
S .of many, are more- toothsome than 2
Sbrook trout-N. Y. Times.
MSrably a mnatter of Bss"ness.
"Glorious sport!" cried the - man by I
the roadside selhe- scorohers went by.
"1 can't see it," returned the man
who was watering his horse.
'That musat be because you are preju
diced." said the man who had first
spoken. "It has everything n its fa
vor. I even find it an excelloat thing 1
for business."
e ". don't." replied the other, sullenly.
"Prom that - Infer you are the pro.
Spriýer of walivery gtible."
I Wesr Bing Canute ordered the waves to
l back, he thoe ught he was talking toae.
surf.-Texas BSiftings.
Dousir'C Coun.-Ho-"I thought you'saw h
a the play before"'" She-"Oh, I was with a
theaterparty that time."'-Purrck. e
Love is the most beautiful form of ego
tism, egotism the ugiest form of lovoe.
Fliegende Blatter. O
"IEEu, 8said the tailor, as he investsd.
himself with acoat of his own making, "is n
where I get in my work."--Indianapolis
Journal.
FaIrn-"Your son, "I understand. hast
literary aspirtions. Does he write for
mnoney? " Father :feelingly)--"Unceasing
ly."-Fligende Blatter.
U'rna modern conditions a diplomaey |
vithout atnavy is ery much like a bluh on
a bob-tail flush--.troit Newe.
Br satire kept in awe, they shrflk from
ridicule, though not from law.-Byron.
Ys s,-"That man Wheeler kees horses,
does hO roit'!" Crimsonbeak--"]ther .say
the horses keep him. He's in the livery
business."-Yonkers Statesman.
Har, soeiallifte Into thypleusingbounds
I come to pay the common stock, my share
of service, and, in glad return to taste thy
comforts, thy protected oys.-homson.
Wxzr-"I don't believe I can ever wear
my seoalsdkin cloak as.it is now." Husband
-"Why don't you have it made over into a
bicycle sweater for winter usel"-N. Y.
Herald.
"I wira I wereaboy again," said Mr.
Dawson." "o80 do I," said Jack Daw-son,
who had )ust been punished, to himself.
"I'd put you through a course of sproutas "
-Harper's DBazr.
I wrai I were a little seal,
Who knows of joy no lack,
Since it, through nature's favor, is
Born with aealskin sacque.
- . "--Washington Btn,
YovTbH'
COMPWAN I N
"as Tmes a Year.",
THERE are few famous writers in Great Britain or the United States
who have not already contributed to The Youth's Companion, but
some illustrious recruits have been found, who, collaborating with
the old favorites, will enable its editors to make the paper notably
brilliant during the coming year.
Statesmen, poets, famous scientists and travellers, emirent lawyers
and delighLtful story-writeas will provide entertainment and instruction
Remarkable Offer for our friends and subcribers n a richer measure than ever before.
Pree to Jan. z, x896. Our Distinguished Contributors..
new Saubebers who wil o at ut The Princess Louise. The Dean of Salisbaury
esupn arS se4 tt itA? ONC wh same
asd esUrs, a e..s. ws aes0i The Marquis oLLorae. Bishop Cleveland Co,.
VIRUS The Lord Chief Justice of England. Bishop Doeane.
Our .ua..mes 4-3.. OCles... lt.. Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson. Sir Edwin Arnod..
galpbdis ~ elo. . astan rideps The Secestary of the U. S. Navy. Camille lacmmaraoa.
PREE The Secretary of the Interior. Justin McCarthy.,
Tbs Teath's eopaa ry wast tin The Secretary of Agriculture. Admira Stev s.
Janar, . =e.Judge Oliver Wendel. Hoimes. Admiral Za.
FE8 $W. W atusseul of The Leoadn Times. Admiral Ellio.
xTart-asrafRbNumbers.. Prak Rfit:. Stocktm. Clbates D loes..
And j`. V. Luurk fluad.eU.
O·e:··m:if l lauaA. Mles. P. D E
·--f
.?- s_0
, . ý ·
"i.3
t } "
ý,. ý ý
". 1 ..... sao w p.
a ts a p st' r wie have so ,e,
, .is, - wess't hm s..r.,;st,
!eBetas ewsessseTias
no astitsi w..wi.ssa asan as eme.**
.ir Ml!mo. fasts os 55 .msl s 3 5n euh* isu
reirl giutets lo :e l t ---"le a
..se .ea sleosbeo nest ,be Bow ter
Slw r iBists -4001 - - M -
4 'reiba d to takhi eat a;s isl wal
Ie .i h,ud esp ~n n--ltee.
Tua, *iWare st.h sp eeae. sams Mh em ase
sa wy n oh ookei oh , hais.r
Iabbe4 is Wess. I "
"I wiahgos T b s e woSo mss`a aso..e
oeto al lowp olsw"
4 -#e thy hanm* Yoth's ana. sw- e.
Bnowr-"O-'ur eadidate stoys the mstalas'
of the oe le i no o.-v to him." Joneou -
' l-'s that so t a what has beoome of
wth ! tlorainog whend when you
s left thecityi" _
'D yiou en3Ioytiecoa ertr Mser.Datar
Is ta asn't as en carally optPr nd
SI mnged a panner wohile hits wi·e tood bhe
ouside him snuledn' at him all thwell-bia
Seams.to me they'd oungt to have torested
the noma or ntierfers r   s. per's
- Ba.r.
Sr nSam--"! wonder- wh Mrs. Longtone
Sdismissed her old £i hysician and
sheot one of the Oefiers. heobv, that is
the sterage,"anawered he. "Adii does it
take al thosole to make the boat go
STar aeme of politeness was treached by a
minringsuperintendent ot who tusle aw thcr
"Do You remember, Julians, whytheyshot
'Causoe theyhadn't any gun."-Life.
Eus best keepsefrom angerwho remembers
uow -a-Our candidate says the alr
of the ofice is no ob~eot to hn. " Jone s
ites." Brooklyn Life.
Houauat rase-"Yom milk Is as thin as I
water to-day." Minkan-'"Well. mum it
. wa ggy this morning when we milked."
Istken nternally.Prie Sate 7l0.
Tr I might control the literature of the
household, I would guarantee the well-being
of the church-andi state.-Bacon.
Ant science rests on a heass of faith, for
It assumes the permanence and uniformity
SrmaWPrn sometimes grows tireds but
never rots crippled in both feat.-Young
Men's..ra
Tzrcuaa-"Danny, define the word 'max
imum.' " Danny-It's--it's doe limit."
Indianapolis JournaL
A'S LIME he OLD
TESTED REMED~ t
1 _ _m and PAINS ge
to e tb besrt reidylor. psia .laee1a I ever saw."
R.- O.OLI N Men N sU and MULES It Is a " DEAD SOT.*"
w =;am-ANwa@rmIrwx Oe., W .eouse. T,
Fertiizers for ~Fall Crops
should contain a high percentage of Potash to
insure ihe largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write for our "Fa~mers' Guide." a 142-page illustrated book. It
Is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be senut free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KAIL WORKS. 93 Nassau S-reet; -~Jw Yor.
eeiaof ica
LIs v rici ' -le
rnger aoBmfort and labom
ten e isl de4e.yrm'S ati
te trehanotbelonad9'4 Itah., wit
oe xpenditure, e is i ra
In the form moss
*bx 'old's ieat" odueit is
ant to the taste, the e, wil
fhe.t sne athepproal of thoe p -
eys, Laiver and Bowels without weeb.
oemed pf of Figslfa,
factured by the Calitzi .yru
nt to thae aso the name, S p-of
disapeld bing well ilnforma will
met itt any substitute pptl of
apro essions, benamest ct on the Kin
sp8iver and Bowelswithut
easie th wn end th Atweese tieyesesae s
WWW this lf awth Ad ru.M·