THE GAZETTE.
.Subseriýtiont Price, : $t Per Year
Arthur Hebert t6ok in the Gal
veston, excursion.
John Conniff, of New Orleans, is
the guest of his aunt, Mrs. John
Hahn.
Hart Sandoz, a popular young
gentleman of Opelousas, called on
The Gazette Monday.
Silver Umbrella Marks at Bios
sa t's.
Deputy Sheriff Thomas Mouton
has returned to Lafayette and is
now attending to his official duties.
Tom is looking much better.
Dr. Lyons, the venerable phy
sician from Ridge, was in Lafayette
Tuesday.
Louis Stelly and Sann Brown, of
Carencro, weze in Lafayete Thurs
clay.
Silver hat-wears at Biossat's.
Edvard Pellerin came to Lafa
yette Monday to be present at the
meeting of the jury commissioners.
Here's a snap for zo days only.
Silver novelties at Biossat's. Call
and see the new selections just re
ceived.
Moss & Mouton have just re
caived two more car loads of wag
ons-the best and cheapest in the
market.
Henry Cronchet and Saul Brous
sard, of Carencro, were in town
Monday.
Miss Emma Frere, of Frainklin,
is the guest of her aunt, Mirs. Vrm.
Clegg.
Mrs. Walter Mouton is on a visit
to relatives in Galveston.
Mrs. Alida Guidry, of Opelou
sas, was the guest of the Misses
Revillon this week.
"Shirt-waist" buttons at Biossat's.
Misses Bessie and Leila Cornay
and Messrs. Charles Bienvenu and
Florian Cornay were visitors in St.
Martinville Sunday last.
"'Trilby Hearts" are all the rage.
Biossat has them.
Miss Agnes Chargois, of New
Iberia, is the guest of her cousin,
Miss Louise Chargois.
Many cigars that are sold for
moc. do not come up to the Daily
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demanade.
The jury commissioners met at
the court-house Tuesday and drew
the venire for the October term of
court, which will convene on the
7th of that month.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
S:3o a. m. to r:3o p. m. and 3 to 5
p. nm.
Judge Debaillon, Messrs. Wim.
Campbell and Julian Mouton were
in Abbeville this week "visiting
friends and relatives."
We are told that our Carencro
friends are already betting on the
result of the next election.
Moss Bros. & Co. announce to
arrive next week a superb line of
Wall Paper and Window Shades.
Prices way down.
Subsribe for The Gazette and
get the political situation explained
to you weekly by "Cherokee."
Many prominent physicians high
ly recommend the )Daily States ci
gars as free from adulteration;
hence not harmful.
The Daily States 5c. cigars still in
the lead. For sale by P. Deman
ade.
.The Business Mien's Association
will meet at Falk's hall MLonday
night. We understand that the
question of waterworks will be dis
cussed, and it is hoped that there
will be a full attendance.
Engineers, conductors and brake
smien say that the DI)aily States is the
best 5c. cigar they ever smoked.
For sale by P. Demanade.
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all
hand made and imported tobacco.
For sale by P'. Demanade.
1VANTED-A position as clerk
by a young man who can keep
books. Address this office.
Once triedl, you will have no
other. \What? \Why., tlheC I)aily
States cigar.
Among those who vcent to Csal
veston on the excursion last Satur
dlay were: Ozcince .leBlaunc, (:has.
A. Mlouton, 11. Billaud, E:d IEs
torgc, 'Edward Doucet, Joe l.isbo
ny, J. !ecie Bonnet, lRall,h Elliot
aind John M1iller.
Mlos lUros. & Co's. extemisivce
stock of Vall and W\'inter goodls
comimienced arriving several days.
ago. Only the newvest and imost
diesirable wiil be 6ffercd by thi firm'
and all goods will bc sold at a uni
-- .x l: 1:·- r· i '
No one hap, as yet, announced
himself a candidate for sheriff
against the present incumbent. Mr.
Broussard has been such a good
official that it is not thought there
will be much opposition to his re
election.
Last August while working in the
harvest field I became overheated,
was suddenly attacked with cramps
and was nearly dead. Mr. Cum
ipings, the druggest, gave me a dose
of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleia
and Diarrhoea Remedy which com
pletely relieved me. I now keep
a bottle of the remedy handy. A.
M. Bunnel, Centerville, Wash. For
sale by all druggists.
Our young friend, *"Cherokee,"
pays his respects this week to those
gentlemtn who are Democrats only
when the Democratic party is in the
ascendancy. "'Cherokee" has evi
dently no admiration for the time
server. He believes that consis
tency is necessary even in politics.
The Gazette thinks that its bright
young correspondent has a proper
appreciation of what should consti
tute a true Democrat.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a soc. smoke for Sc.
Mrs. S. A. Kell, of Pomona, Cal.,
had the bad luck to sprain her ankle.
"I tried several liniments," she
says, "but was not cured until I
used Chamberlain's Pain Balm.
That remedy cured me and I take
pleasure in recommending it and
testifying to its efficacy." This
medicine is also of great value for
rheumatism, lame back, pains in
the chest, pleurisy and all deep
seated and muscular pains. For
sale by all druggists.
J. J. Terry, traveling salesman
for Hart & Oberndorf, of Chicago,
dealers in fine clothing, has been in
Lafayette in the interest of that
firm. Mr. Terry has a beautiful
line of samples and he has taken a
number of orders from the people
of the town. The advertisement
of this well known firm will appear
in The Gazette in the first days of
October. Should you want any
samples write to Terry and Wing
field, P. 0. box 657, New Orleans.
Mrs. E. E. Davis, of San Miguel,
Cal. says: "I am trying in a
measure to repay the manufacturers
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy
for the great good their remedy has
done me. For years I was a con
stant s'fflertr from weak lungs and
bronchial asthma. My rest at
night was disturbed by a hacking
cough, so that I felt miserable the
greater part of my time. Many
remedies recommended by my
friends were tried, none of which
proved suitable to 'my case. I did
not experience any beneficial results
until I began taking Chamberlaln's
Cough Rnmedy. After two bottles
of the large size have been used I
am pleased to state, my health is
better than it has been for years.
The soleness has left my lungs
and chest and I can breathe easily
It has done me so much good that
I want all who are sufferering from
lung troubles, as I was, to give it a
trial." For sale by all druggists.
Three Lafayette citizens returned
from Galveston in real kingly style.
Each had a car to himself and was
monarch of all he surveyed. The
only way we can account for this is
that our old friend, Ozemee Le
Blanc, was on board. He is neith
er judge nor representative, nor is
he an aspirant for legislative or ju
dicial honors, but for ten years he
was agent for the So. Pac. at Scott,
and it is more than likely that it is
in consideration of past services
that he and his two companions
were so royally t:eated by the com
pany--at lear we have been told so.
WVork is advancing nicely on Mr.
Gordy's law office. The pressed
brick front looks exceedingly sty
lish and it is the first building fo
the kind in the town.
The above from the Abbeville
Meridional indicates to his friends
of St. Mary that our respected and
efficient District Attorney is get
ting into new quarters. Well he
honestly earned it, by faithful
performance of duty, and. long
may he enjoy it. St. hIary regrets
to lose the labors of so efficient a
public official. Vermilion and La
fayette will honor themselves by
cotinuing to honor him.-St Miary
Banner.
There's neatness and finish in
the BUCKSKIN BREECHES that
is not found in other makes. The
reas'o n they are the best is because
we make more pants, know how bet
ter, and don't waste any time in
manufacturoe. That's v.hy the price
is a; liw as tl:at askl. t tur ! o comimon
[pants.
A l'o-lsh Negro.
N mna l)ugns;, a imegro, calime to
town 11l c. lmeav to miake an aflida
'it againmst anio:her negro named
Jo" , tu er, who, l)ugas swear.,
waylaid all shot limn at 9 o'clock
undad night. I)'igas bore thi
mark of the assault ul)'n his life.
A bloody shirt showscd where tlhe
bullet cntcred the body and where
it wont out. 'ne wound w'ts such
.s to make any ordinary mai fear
~·-, 1
wore a broad smile while making
his statement to Judge McFaddin
and Sheriff Brrussard. WVhen
asked for the bullet he quietly put
his hand in his pocket and pro
duced the leaden missile which had
gone through his body. Ju._ging
from the way he spoke, he looked
upon bullets as absolutely" harm
less things. The simple fact
of one going through his
body was just a trifling in
cident, not sufficiently serious to
disturb him in the least. Hie said
that he found the bullet in his
clothes. He gave what seemed to
be a truthful account of the affair
which appears to be a foul attempt
at assassination.
A Timely Appeal.
Editor Gazette-The Lafayette
Public School opened Sept. 9, with
an enrollment of 4o0 pupils, a
number beyond the efficient work
ing capacity of the three teachers
employed. A number of children
have been turned away since open
ing day and as many pupils in at
tendance last session have not en
tered yet. The situation is becom
coming more and more embaras
sing every day. It is indeed hard
to refuse willing and anxious child
ren so essential a boon as rudi
mentary education and yet under
present circumstances it must be
done. A little girl, neat and firm,
came to school this week; her little
face, all radiant with expectations,
but-alas I was obliged to return
home, her eyes filled with tears
and her heart broken by the cruel
disappointment. Parents come al
most every day to demand ad
mission for their children and I sim
ply ask the question, "How long
shall this condition of affairs be
tolerated in Lafayette ?" It is a
question that demands immediate
consideration, and prompt and de
cisive action. It is a question that
effects the material progress of
Lafayette to a far greater extent
than the solution of financial prob
lems discussed ad infinitum et ad
nauseam.
But to the business point.
The Board has always done with
its limited resources all that could
be ieasonably expected, and, it is
sate to say, will cotinue to do so.
But, the community must come
bravely forward with timely and
substantial assistance. The gods
help themr that help themselves.
My proposition is this; Employ
an extra teacher to take, say 30o or
40 beginners out of the primary
department ani with cha: t, black
beard, etc., instruct them for half
a day in a room by themselves,
thus doing more effective work and
relieving the primary grades. I
have the room and we must get the
teacher. A gentleman without soli
citation has pledged $5.oo, and I in
vite all interested to consider the
matter, and consult with the di
rector, Mr. J. E. Trahan, or the
undersigned in order that some def
inite action may be secured at the
next meeting of the Board in Octo
ber. Friends, I am in earnest in
this matter and I beseech your
hearty co-operation to the end that,
ample accommodation, may be af
forded all who desire public educa
tion. The cost of this arrangement
will be nominal.
R. C. GRIEG, Principal.
At Royville.
Mlessrs. Eugene Labbe andt John
Reaux, of Bioussard, were in Roy
ville Sunday.
Mlr. Antoine Capo, Jr., of Ar
naudville, is spending a few days
with relatives.
Two of our social swells met in
the arena Friday night. A few
scratches,some pretty toufh feelings
and all was over. A prominent
doctor acted as referee.
Mirs. H-ebert, of Beaumont, Tex.,
mnother-in-law of MIrs. I). Bonne
maison, was in Royville the past
week.
It is indeed amusing to see the
old "ring" trying to work up the
sympathy of the people. There
only and only cry is "REFORM."
Rather late, eh :
\We wish to correct the em rcr we
made some timne back, when saying
that the Iilleaud Refinery was con
tracting c.tne at 67 < cnts a Lon. '[he
.\L. 1Bilieaud Homne l'lantatit,n will,
on the contrary, pay as high as all
others; that is according t,) price of
sugar as qluotcd in New Orleans.
Mrs. Alciatorc, of New )rlcan:,
is a guct It l:er si.ter, 11r,. Iuii
pleix.
tlcsr.:. I'. IB. and I'. R. Roy art
recuperating at Sour I.alkc, I ux.
Mliss Rose I.ctiauc, one of New
lbcria's fairest roses, is a gilc~t of
!t, T' I" ) \': 1,,,,, ".". , it' . .' r
leans this week on business.
"Cherokee" will wager a pound
box of Huylers chocolates that the
Royville girls are the loviest of the
parish.
Another bet: A box of Robert
Miantell cigars, that Ike Broussard
will be sheriff till T9oo.
Should the past be unfurled, won
der if our "Reformers" would still
put up their same defence?
Cherokee had the pleasure of see
ing "ardent" Democrats come to
Royville a few weeks back, and
whisper in his presence secrect invi
tations. We were not honored with
an "invite;" why, we know not.
Probably these "Democratic cham
pions" feared we were not true to
their cause. Was it that they
wished to confide this "secret work"
to only a select and limited few?
As all events, it matters with us
very little. We know how to act
and our friends will follow our foot
steps. "Cherokee" is personally
out of politics, but to make it hot
for some "ones" he'll do so, and
dont you forget it. Let the cham
pgain open!
WVe hope the Democrats of this
parish will make a close d;stinction
between pure and real Democrats,
and between "Democrats" who are
"Democrats" only when the Demo
cratic party is in majority. Bear
in mind, fellow citizens, a number
of the Democrats posing before you
to-day are Republicans from prin
ciples, and are flying false colors
simply to secure your suffrage.
Watch them closely i
For the offices of justice of the
peace of this ward, "Cherokee"
suggests with pleasure the names of
two Democrats. -entlemen who
have made honesty and uprightness
their principles through life. No
men could fulfill the duties of those
offices with more honor and dignity
than could Messrs B. Philogene
Landry and Laodis Broussard.
As yet, Royville remains without
representative on the School Board.
It is now nearly a year since the
Hon. H. Theall resigned, and no
appointment has been made. We
are informed Messrs. Olivier Blan
chet and A. L. Dyer made applica
tions for the office. Both are up
right and able gentlemen, and we
are surprised the Board has not yet
acted.
Several candidates for police ju
ror are mentioned. WVe hear of
Messrs. O. Theriot, Lucien Brous
sard, J. E. P'rimeaux, Adrien The
all.
Mr. Emedis Broussard is very ill.
Nelson I-Higgnbotham has returned
from the sea cost better and redder
than ever.
Misses Elvia Prirmeaux and Julia
Comeaux, have returned home after
a pleasant stay of a few days, as
guests of Miss Fabre, of Maurice
ville.
Miss Eleanor Theriot is visiting
friends at Abbeville.
Late rumors have it that combi
nations upon combinations are be
ing made for clerk of court. Here
are a couple: Cochrane-Reaux,
Voorhies-Martin.
The Bonnemaisons visited La
fayettc this week. CHEROKEE.
Lincoln As A Lover.
Abraham Lincoln's sentimental
perplexities are to be shown in an
article of singular interest which
John Gilmer Speed has written
from unpublished letters of Lincoln
to Joshua Speed, for the next issue
of The Ladies' lonme Journalt . The
article will show that the great
President was not steady in his
affairs of the heart, that hlie flloundl
eredcl in his love, and finally in
duced his friend Speed to marry
and tell him (Lincoln) wether
mairiage was a failure or not.
A .R4A'K Q UI'TTER.
Memphis Comunaercial Appeal.
The lion. WV. O. Bradley went
into the caumpaign with the blood
curdlingest war-hoop that ever rose
froum Kcntlucky soil since the dlays
of anu lloone. I Ic went out of it
wsith the yelp uf a cur face prcce
ldingi a clattering oyster carn down
the stony street. For Wm. O. is not
ian it any orc. l1e has tuke, I his
tail and dl d the fi lal. lie is no
longer the tcrrilbe i raIlley. who
was ad crti-ed to cat live l)Dema
il'a:i lik ¶: 't,:,-i. lie is no lo ge-r
a wkrrin4, ra ;Iagain- Nuonilian
lin, sl. iiting the earth with 1 is
tuii,:d tail ten feet in the air. lie
2-. -,:,| 1: lill at:adley who fixani:,d
alli tli:ew Ui tilhe sponge as soon .s
he hi -t a hat one in the ribs
Creek. Bill simply didn't come up
to specifications. fHe had the gall,
(but he didn't have the grit. His
jawtul prowess in debate, tne awful
reach of his deadly tongue, the cy
clonic ventosity of his omnipotent
lung, all these things were down on
the bills, but they didn't appear in
the show. That which was a Roy
al Bengal Tiger has sh unk to the;
dimensions of a harmless and very
unnecessary cat. The plumed
knight we had been reading about
is simply a vainglorious pretender,
whose white plume is tha white
feather. Brad. is a humbug, a
stuffed catamount, a sheep in wolf's
clothing. Henceforth his name is
Icalhod and Dennis and Mr. Mudd.
He is the dominicker of the cock
pit who squawks at the first touch
of the gaff. He is the rankest quit
ter that ever went to the post with
a thoroughbred and threw up his
tail at the quarter pole. This is!
the last of Brad. He has done the :
one thing that Kentuckians will not I
forgive. He has flickered. ie
has turned tail. He has absquatu
lated in the face of the enemy. Hie
has chewed off his trigger finger
to keep out of the fight. Hence
forth Brad. is the thing that was.
He is as dead as a pickled oyster.
He is a soup-soaked reminiscence,
a lagging and superfluous Has-been,.
hanging on to tr.e ragged edge of
Now. He is the bubble that rose to
the surface when Bill Bradley, the
Terrible, went down. He is a
burst bladder, a last year's bird's
nest, a back number.
So endeth the strange, eventful
history of the _Mud Moses of the
Kentucky coon.
"Gee \Viz" buttons at Biossat's
Handkerchief holders at Bios
sat's
TO THE P.ARMER, HOME-SEEK
ER, AND TRAVELEK.
Contemplating a trip \Vest or
East, the Southern Pacific Co.'s ad- t
vantages are worthy of considera s
tion. We can save you time and
¢ou can save money by asking any ,
of her representatives for the infor- I
umation you desire relative to Ticket
Rates, Routes, Time, etc. We
especially call your attention to the
train service, wliich comprises the
latest modern improvements in
equipment. Her road-bed is the
best in the South, and her facilities
for Speed, Safety and Comfort as
sure you of a pleasant journey and a
safe arrival at your destination.
Her trains run through all the larg
est cities in Louisiana, Texas, New
Mexico, Arizona and California.
At New Orleans her trains connect
with all Railroad and Steamship
.ines for the North and Northeast
Through Pullman Sleepers of the
latest design and Pullman Tourist
Sleepers between New Orleans, I.os
Angelos and San Francisco. Her
courteous employes will aid the tray
eler and solicit your patronage. t
Apply to nearest Southern Pacific
Agent or write to S. F. B. Morse. G
G. I'. & T. A., New Orleans, La.
See Biossat's stem-winding watch,
$2.50. Fine time-keeper, and sold
under a guarantee. It will surprise
you.
Notice To Tax-payers.
Notice is hereby given that the tax-roll
for 1895 is now on file in n my otlice, and all
taxes are due. On movable property, taxes
will become delinquent on Oct. I, r895;
and on immovable property they will become
delinquent on Dec. 31, 1895. To avoid
costs tax-payers are urged to settle before
the above dates. I. A. BROOSsAi.I,
Sheriff and Tax-Coll'r of l.afayctte parish.
City Council Proceeding's.
LAFAVE:rrv, LA., Sept. Io, ISo;.
lolllowing ordinance \as offclred )by O. C'.
"'An ordinance proclaimuinlg ttih resili of
the electioe n hbel at tihe court-house i', the
town of Lafayette on the secorlld dy ofv
Septernber, cghteen hundtred and iiinc ,et
live. at which as submitted to othe clec rii
tltaliied to vote tilndelcr tlie gLencral elcc'i ;i
!wq of the State. andi r'-idijg withii t!,"
cloriorrate limits of tlie tIwn tf Laf.,-tt'e
whetlher they concured in cCconr sented a nd
accelet to the lrroprsed aurrexalior ti th'
corpoirnte limi - of said town, c. latO li iol~o or
lanl c, ntiguous anid aijacent trireto, uncr
rvi'Vi ,nll; oj ct, lo0 of IS:,.'
\1ireieas the returno of tlie clcein, ,hi.!
at thei- cotrt-llhouse int, the t nl o an t 'I;ui r
on ti-e S-eco'I, day ,f Seter ble.. eij-hteCn
nutnirerd and ninety-live, subiriitti''g to th.
rieciron lais if the State anoi o'm sc.,d!
they cotn-irred in, coni-enited ai acc',to to
the rIop--ed at .Oxiti'oi ii tie torr .
'ora, e i mi i. ii the town1 of n it .:7e .
certain lots or tln -I onutigrtou.i iald I liacjt-i'
to tie corporatL liinth of saitd tir n, 0 d ' ir .
scribed in th r ,i ntio -r notice of I
election as f lm,-v; : Stt.in\ . t. ,,
oo the ctllee - ,t if saiI l ,i 0, ,, u
EL~"Th~d
PEOPLES S8TATE BANEK,
CAPITAL, $25,000 .......... SURPLUS, $51O6A
Does c8 General 33anking BusinesSa
CkO'.x GIRAR. F.RI . 1us H 0. MI. 0 ' IN, Pr' e .;. S. R. 1'ArKERSO%', Cashier:
I 653 feet to the nolth side of said raiiroat,.:
thence f. Io24; thence south 77 E'., jo feet
to tlhe Morn railroad (L. W. diviioti) 12ie
to center of Morgan road, 17ro t tothe pt
lic road leading to ireacx Ifrig,. I, to feet
int:o Dr. F. S. .f!udd's fielt, 3S ' feet to "he
southwest corner of his garden, 3 '-a: fret, f .
about 75 feet beyond IDr. .Ia,!' r.:s to-:c,
.300o feet il D)r. Mutlti's back lot. Tlhe;,cr
S. 33'Z; 1:. from Dr. Mudd's to public ,a-;
leading to 13can't Bridge, 9.o ftect to Met.
tor icharl's lot, 10o50 feet into (.'Cro
Girard's propeurty, 179u to stake.
'hence soutth, 55 degrees west, 7o feet
between Nicholson and Cockrane, .;6 feet
to I)odcll, 864 feet to stake. T'hence S.
27 -., $90 feet to C.hatrgois, 950 feet to red
oak (2 feit inl diaumeter) thence 46 \V., 1030
feet to N. E. corner of IKoun.lhouse v.rd,.
i2zofeet to main line Morgan R. lRy., 182o
to louat,on addition; thence S. 29 W\. 14t4
feet to nuok 1.1tc, ti5o feet to public ioaI
leading to Pinhork. T'hence N. 49 W. f.3
owitn ig the public road 900o feet to a coulee
in ftont of the residence of M. E. (;irard.
S. 54 VW. to southeast corner of Mr. Girardt'
yard. "Thence S. 76 \V., itl Mr. G(irardls
pasture, 100oo feet in Dr. F. Mouton's
field. Thence N. S; \V., 462 feet anl oak,
(2 feet in diameter) south of I)r. Mouton's
barn, 5oo feet to a coulee. Thence follot -
ing the coulee to the bridge, starting point,
N. 3 E. 586 feet, have been made to t;:e
municipal authorities within forty-. ight
hours after the closing of the polls at said
election of Sept. 2d. IS95; And whereas.
said returns of election have beent reco:-r d
and transcribed in the public record book
wherein the ordinances or otiicial procee'd
ings of the corporation of Lafayette are us
tally kept and also being perniantlatty ptre
served amolng the official records of s.aid
town; Therefore, be it resolved by the city
council: That plroclatuation of the result
thereof is hereby given ill accordance with
said returns to be as follows, to-'wit:
Votes cast at said election, fifty-four;
Votes in favor of proposed annexation, fiftys
three; Votes against proposed annexitiol,
one.
Now thlercf:)re, proclamation is hereby
made by the City Coumcil of the town of
Lafayette by virtue of the powers in it vest
ed by law, that a mnajority, in nmltir :t:,
value, of the qualified electors residiing with
in tuhe corporate limits of the town it ..tfa
yette, voting at said election held ont thI
second lay of Septemtbe.r, cighlteen honot.'c,!
and ninety-live, have vottd in favor tof the
annexation of the lots or land cdescribe.l aned
defined in the preatblrl of thit crdinance,
lby virtue of and in compliance w'ith ttc pro
visions of act ro5 of tit- Genet al .i:itrl,u
,*f this State, approved jutly 7t.:. 11")2.
i Be it further resolved etc., that tils Iproc
latation of the result of sai.l elc-tion Le
published for ten days in The L..f.a'cutte (.. -
zctte and The lafayettc A, rvt t,;c,, Incws
papers published in said to,.':.
Be it furth,"r proclaittetl. that from the
expiration of the proclatmation of the :cault
of such election as aforcs.aid t,,-:it: Scipt.
29, I895, the lots or land. deticl).ibe i: the
preamble of this resolutirn a::I procl:vo.1
tion, shall be ipso facto,, annexed to awl in
cluded in the territorial corporate limit. of
a.id townaof Lafayette, coat:tuing a 1 a.t
thereof, andl be subject to the juristdiction.
control and authority of the ntuniciipal .a
thitrities of said town of L.afavette as fully
antd to all inltets alnd purposes .as ifl the 5a 1c:
had Ieen originally included in the tcrt ii:e -
ial limits thereof in its L. I.a: :i.e :,:."-cr
of IS3G.
The following are thie v',te-: V1ca1: ().
C. Mouton, J. O. Lelflanc, I.eo I Dutcet a.t,
Jos. Ducote. Nays: N!-,.
There lbeing no furth: ;
Council adjourned to n. t ' ,~.:.:,
October 7, at ,4 o'clock iP. il
BA :< (_'I 1 :.. ee c .t .
Beas j r
Springs.
O11 tf e J;, ,. of 1the 1;,.:i :a . ! .1,
l' ermtillio,,:
1: . -, : 1.lI 1 .I : N T S. I N\ ; \ V.\'A"1" .:
('C 1.:`".' h t) , S 11 1 11 I1'), r .:
1.::r,2, I" u:t chni. t !' ttf,,:m,. l.':,u: f, . , : .i;
;an*! i'lc :tt. ,f >bIt ,lt. l.ie;.ntt . f a, r
I'icntic... i'tartic.., .Etc. \Vatcr ,r ,I.
nd, see t i ,!" acc = , t eity a i t iit. ;, t ! ,t',.
for Bat.. in,..
il i, ,.f I,: t, i- , ' i, t ., .
, - , i 0.-t . y -
",*.i  a :t
Mtarshal's Sale
I. nited States Circuit Court, West:
carll District of Louisiana;
W\m. M3. I.ore et als. vs. 7echCd
R. R. and Sugar Company, L'td
G. I.. D)iIley & Sons, In
tervcnors.
iv lritue of a wilt of Fi Fa issued by thd
l,-noalil.2 united tates Court for the Wels
ti.rn listric: of Loukiiana, in the above ena
tit!.t antd niuntterIc suit and to use directed;
i have s.ieicl anil ta!ken into my possessiol .
the t,,lowing d¢escribed property; to-wit:
'lue FifteenI ToI, No. Ig, Nerrow Guage.
ttid,!inv I.rocoir ive, now on the Hurod
l'ltntati.nt in St.''iartin Parish, Louistana;
and will sell at public aution between the
legal hours of sale, the above described
property, ton
Saturday, Sept. 21, 1895;
at the town of (Carccro, La.
S'erli ms of sale, cash with the lirtefat oa
aptlraiseCmilnt. J. M. MARTIN,
I nited States Marshal:
-HE I VF"F'S SALE.
State of Louisian:, 17th Judicial
I)istrict Court. Parish of
Lafa) ctte, No. 393.:
P'coples State Bank of l.afayette'
I.a., vs. \Vchlaani Bradford.
.y virtuc of a ~rit of sei.tUre Aind
;:I (ulttier (xccutory process) issued frort.
the I lonurabic Seventeenth Judicial District
Court in the above entitled and nnmnbered
suit and to mie directed, I have seized and
taken inlto lmy possssion and will sell ii thd
iianni- prescribeid by law to the last and
highc.t biiddir, betov-ecu legal sale hours, at
the fr.,nt door of the court-house of said
parish on
;at;trd'ay, Oct. 5, 1895,
the fl,liwin; described property belonging
to \ 'i'iiuan iradifor-l, Isq., of Acadia par
i h, I..t., and situated uathe parish of Lafa
ytilte to-wit:
The iJorthw-est quarter of section twenty=
one, township nine, south of range three,
cast I.ounisianla ncrclian, and containing
one1 hundred and six.ty-sixl acres acquired by
11\clhian Bradlford front the United Statei
g'wverntnent as per patent issued by the
!United States governlment on October 15,
S1t9, i \th all buildings and improvements
thereon situated: one horse cart; one wag
on, one grindstutic; one Creole horse; two
reapc-rs an:l binders: one mower; one lot of
sh:ngles of t.. hai:,!ls: one gang plow; ond
oftit if gro.ating c:-.,, sa.y of 50 barrels.
Terms cash.
ISAAC .A. IIROUSSARD,
.Shcriff of Lafayette parish;
:aturtav.. u1 . . -4, I'' .
SIEHF!I"F'S SALE.
State of I.ouiii-tna, Parish of Lafa
y'cttc, No. .35 o-Succes
sion of Jacques
Ron: ani.
Iy v'. tue of .an orer issue.d out of tl-d
itli julicial 1i.t-:i~t (Court in and for the
.ri..h rl .al..vetti-, bc:aring date Sept It;
Idog,, .inl to oi:-; dicecte !, I have been au
thorield anid etiiuo.vcrc l to sell and will sell
.t p: blic aict.un at the front door of the court=
hli0.e of the sialt par'T, to the last and
lgn . .eein i-gal sate hdlitrs, oa
Situitrd-ay-. S',pt. 28, 1895:
Sthe f,-lloing describdi property, to-wit:
Lot N. h(1n---' cl.timln of said SuccesE
,i-n ag atiht the I.liied States for the unsate
idct l.:ni claims pein; O. U., \V. Dist B.
I :I27. tr- :i'ln-eCt. It. 1428, for 32o ar
L., I- . 1420, for 2la arpents, II. 1430o
r t.. . . for 16o arpents, B:
1471. or .o a:wni., I. 1S70, for 440o ar
L.t inn .,--T'lh cl tis of said successiod
a.ill ithe llitCi:ed te for the unsatisfied
in i ili .Iii kno. iI as C. No I347, for :-3
a.,p'a'.; i:; the I c, ,: ut ,,f land board dated
It thric-.\1tmkaptm , warrant, No. 7188;
s.:ic., of ul I r- t"I, tr o acrec of cypress
1\,.ui c l;Ill I oaL (;:--.: ]'etc, Bayou Este
I.,t for --T'!" cl. nu, of said successiotg
.,i:n t thl -l nit-_.e ,i -t.ac' for the unsatistiei*
. -laiu, liei . tB- IVest listrict-of
I s, ts . ,o.t.N,. It .1. f ir 32o arpents, A:
S It-. F - .,(iot -1 anld Ii. 1870, foi
.15Ip - -. ' t0 all I3- .irlcits.
1'.\(" .\1. IRO'USSARI).
-?"pt. 14. Shcri:t oJf Lafayette paris'.
DC::nanl of Administration.
Saite oif Loti.i,'nt, P arish of 1Laf-
crtte --I 7th Judicial Dis
trict (ourt.
\i.- ea- ,,iha Ric·hard has filed iid
-...! ",,: t . ic -iion to be appointed Ad
r ni,iuat.r ,t th. '- u-cession of Charles
-Lic,:',, ,ic ,cea- J. .Aiy person intending
t, .,, , y <,ip si:n-, to, said appointment
C .1i l - thl" c- il- · iL -i;nt court, wlthin tell
a, y fr, n:: i Il;,ii.atln ,f this notice; other
;e:*> . sai.i appin>,litm,- il- be made,
ti wli! ill-l l illy ,uili-i sal eal and signiture'
-it iLafay.tte, La., this 2a. daf
V.. t,. ;0.:1i.l , Clerk of Court.
.4um..thin.,, . o(5 Nothing.
S f" .(` ' th;e recclt e - a,:'s at writing the Ii'f
,. . . :,  pop :::" .styl'e, 'Miss T'artbll'd
.;-"· -; . i .i.;-.Lnauthi of merit antU in-'
·-,.-.:. i; :. a;l,,arel serially in' .Vcl
:, " , .-. ,-i . :*.i i. now puI lislhed its
u;iti 'to iilrl.;tratiini. "I'le book isi hIaving
;: 1 .,,, r:, s e -. :t i 0.o, per copy; ]PU =i
*\" N <1- 1.-k City) is acanially
,, 1 ..e -Ithler to new Sltu -
Civ? S.AlLE !
AttfLn tion Ilhsns. Seekeirs• d
!- - . "
A . m:u~ ,,t sour life time to' senatran z59
idcal 'lne :1,1 prifiablile farm. Also thd .
i"At'.1s )t'L R Springs and Par&i slMttiate.:.
at,n Ithe ia.5 iif the beautifdl ityo't Vest- t
in. .\ la ge . oiinnodious cssntry riesideac" 
wlith 'W)WO IULNDIYEIY ARKPtENi' : at
i :.'cecicllet land. Soil very best fcor-ofvl :-ih
.1 t ,1 llt .,ig.:r cane, coiln, cOtton.elC. .
. . f tri,,:, thic Towsn of LafayetteJit ·fi i
Ir..... . -'sr -"eiin,-rv.- Apply at sior .