ittd it
ST h perecight gadaly retu. A. BUnS
patina uu'uSo
.,.nw as well am evre. Her eyes are per
1ey, Hasetins st., Detroit. Mich.
"'l Plllae tehetssiter.dinnerPllm
lsdgetloa. Dre headache. Tr a box. fme.
ElAS D. 'RREA
CHOLmERA INFANTruM,
AFFECTIONS OF THE BOIWELS.
OxeOmD. LA., JnTly MTSL.
_eatlemen:-We hate used your rodieJ e Cor
dial in our family for some time past, and are
rtetatimleSo with its effects. Would not
SUiagly do without it. aespetfursy,
J. X. ,ouIoxSO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
m PRICE. so . and 1.0o0.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
NOw Orleans. Na.
ThI Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
NEALI-KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, MASS.,
Hlas. discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
ind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
town to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates 1
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston.
A benefit is always experienced from
the first bottle, and a perfect cure is war
ranted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts being
stopped, and always disappears in a week
after taking it.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time, and read the Label.
AN ASTONuSHIN o
TONIC FOR WOMEN.
_b__e _ _ w s horibl e___ iated fromt
te isdificrultte dans.acre is war
WINE OF
l CARDUI
SStengthens the Weak, Quiets the Nervs,
Relieves Monthly Suffering and Cures
FEMALE DISEASES.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST ABOUT IT.
61.00 PER BOTTLE.
Chattanooga Med. Co., Chattanooga. Tenn.
"August
time. All wthought him past recovery.
He w as horribly emacated from theg
inaction of his liver and kidneys.
It is d ifficult to describe his appear
ance and the miserable state of his
source seemed impossible. He tried
y our August Flower and e tuhe effect
-upon him was magical. It restored
astonishment of his family and
friends." John Quibell, Holt, Ont.@
nSelsets per bottle, at Drug Storea.
L EMALE .IEsULATOL
-ie Althuh ipateory
w malth in 0se and
eatthe w mWodluia mh ii
ti
rmies o -elees Metal fre the Wo-s- gI
asa saes sad e ammi.e. s eS. amssgh
rees south Amss---Odd Noes p
.! Iatert. d
iSpecia~ Chicageo CosepeonendJ ]
There is in the various departments
of the world's fair enough mineral
wealth exposed to the game of the thou
sands of visitors each day to furnish
ransoms for several iangs, and high
priced kings at that. Piled up in glit
tering profusion in the different state
exhibits in the mammoth Mines and
Mining building and in the state build
ings of several of the western states
there are gold and silver bearing ores
enough to make a mountain of riches,
and molded into various forms through
out the fair there is enough more of the
precious metals to make a great many
men.independently wealthy. Aside from
this there is among the multitude of ex
hibits, in the form of watches, jewelry
and ornaments, an enormous amount of
gold, silver and precious stones, sur
passing in quantity and richness any
thing of the kind ever before placed on
exhibition in this country.
People who have barely enough of
the "needful" to keep them on a peace- 'I
footing with the butcher, the baker and a
the rest stroll about among the golden p
ores with as much unconcern as if they '1
were gazing on so much worthless rock. t
There, close to their hands, are riches a
enough to enable them to retire per- 1
manently from active business pursuits, c
F t
. I f . It
ZULU OUAFDB.
and they pass it by with but little more
than a passing glance. Of course they
couldn't make away with any of it if 1
they wanted to, as there eaalways =
plenty of lynx-eyed gnardifsbout, but
it seems strange that so much loose I
wealth does not attract more attention
than it does.
In the Montana section of the Mining
building the other day an oldish couple 1
paused before the silver statue of Jus- t
tice worth seventy-five thousand dol- i
lars on a pedestal of gold worth two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and c
ENTRANCE TO MUI:
after looking it over for a few moments
the woman said:
"'I wonder what that figger is made
out of? I suppose it's lead, ain't it?"
"Yes, I guess so," said the'man, care
lessly, "'it's lead or tin, mebby," and,
without deigning a look at the largest
block of gold in the whole country,
they passed on and became deeply in
terested in a pile of coal in an adjacent
exhibit.
Several of the mining states of the
west have made extensive and elabo
rate exhibits of ores and minerals. and
in some cases the displays of agates
and crystals are extremely beautiful
and artistic. The facade of the Call
IIURTL'NG FOR DIA3IOND5.
fornia section is formed of variegated
onyx and is exceptionally fine. The
stone and marble exhibits of some of
the states are also entitled by their
beauty to more than a casual glance.
But the center of attraction just now
is the diamond exhibit of the Kimberly
mmnes of South Africa in the Mining
building. There is in the exhibit about
one hundred tons of diamondiferous
earth which is to be operated upon day
after day during the exposition seasoed,
- and the process of extracting the pre
clous stones from the clay will be an
established feature of the fair. The
machinery used is the same as that
used at the mines in Cape Colony only
built on a much smaller scale the better
! to demonstrate the process to the visit
ors
In the operation of washing the dirt
it is lifted into a great pan, where by
constantstirring it is worked into a
soft mud. It is then passed into a
cylinder with a spiral motion and holes
ofdifferent sizes. The smallest peb
bles pass through the first aperture,
the next in size through the second and
so on until all have been dropped into
the sieve. The atones are then passed
t"abltad looI fee-the diamonds. -The
imhiblt Ie,oi.bt gres interest, ie, that
the entire precemseot f getting diagaond
is shown. First, there are shown ploe
tures of the mines and the methods of
gettlg out the "blue earth" or din
mondiferous soil. Then begins the
practical part of the show. The ma
chines for disintegrating the rock and
dirt, washtait and getting the dirt
away from the stones are shcwn.
t
THE WASHIN~ G MACHINE.
The big machines are run by Zulus, who
are b'rought from the mines for the pur
pose of demonstrating the workings.
These savages are dressed in short
trousers only., They refuse to wear
anything else, and under these they
have their native trousers, if such they
can be called.
The method of cleaving the diamonds
to prepare them for cutting is shown by 1
skilled workmen, and then the dia
monds are polished after being cut. AllI i
the processes are carried on in full
view of the audience, for whose es
pecial benefit elevated platforms have
been erected about the machinery.
Thus the production of diamonds, from
the mining of the blue earth in which
the native gems lie imbedded to the last l
touch given the polished crystal, willbe ,
shown.
The gigantic Zulus who are constant
ly on guard over the exhibit are in
themselves something wonderful to be
hold. One of them, called "Big Jim,"
is a great chief who participated in the
late Zulu war. He is a man-killer, If
reports be true, and would most 1
likely make it interesting for any
night prowler who undertook to tres
pass upon his preserves. From the
waist up these natives of the cape are
clad only with bear's claws, strung
about their necks, but the nether por
tion of their costumes is suggestive of
an acquaintance with some American
"Cheap John" clothing establishment.
It does not take the rude, untutored
child of nature long to get into the
"swim" when he comes to Chicago.
In a case that is guarded by the Zu
lus is a collection of what might be
taken for ordinary crystals, but which
in reality are diamonds in the rough,
aggregating in value somewhere near
one million dollars. The clay that is
RINING BUILDING.
to be worked is put up in strong saclks
and is as jealously guarded as any
other portion of the exhibit.
This is indeed a wonderful sight and
one that will draw to the Mining
building a great many people who
have read all about the production of
diamonds but have never had an oppor
tunity of witnessing the operation.
MONEY SPENT AT THE FAIR.
So Far It Hardly Comer Up to the Estl
mate-The Outlook (Good.
Much brain matter hasbeen expended
in estimating the average amount of
money spent b- visitors at the exposi
tion after entering the gates. Paul
Blackmar, chief of tile departmuent of
collections, said a few days ago that
while he had some figures based on the
first month's returns he could no~h
justice to the exposition, give them out
until a more definite average had been
arrived at.
At the opening of the fair it wvas Mr.
Blackmar's estimate that the average
expenditures of each visitor, exclusive
of admission fee, would be between
fifty and sixty-five cents. For the first
month, however, it is not believed that
the figures are quite so large.
The returns for May show that the
larger the attendance the smaller the
average amount spent within the gates
by each visitor. Mr. Blackmar does
not believe that this state of affairs will
continue during the remaining months
of the exposition.
"Our big days," he said. "'have been
holidays, when the thousandls of work
ing people living in Chicago came to
the park, bringing their lunches with
them. They did not come to spend
money and had no money to spend.
When the railroads begin to bring in
excursion parties and the percentage of
people from out of the city attending
the fair grows larger. I feel sure that
the average daily expenditure of each
visitor will also grow larger. It is also
doubtless true that the nearer the ex
position draws to a close the more will
people buy souvenirs and memorials of
the great fair. In this way the amount
of money spent inside the gates will be
greatly increased."
The original estimate of the depart
Smernt of con -essions was that the expo
sition .would set five million dollars Ma
its share of the receipts of once.saion
a ses, and they have as yet no reason
. to change it.
d CoLDb ash bears the same relation to a
belie in the matrimonial market tbat the
chrmo does to a pound of tea on Vesey"
soew rthVei nse, wir A*m- t a a
$L anrweaense a udiane.
You can see fbis latching by the miU
lon in the northeast corner of the Gov
ernmlbt -building, where the fish com
mission has its display. There are
myriads of yellow and pike perch
breaking out of their tiny globular ge
latinous eggs there every day. Some
of them are fed to the big fish in the
aquariums and some are turned loose
in the lake. The process of the fish
hatchery seems simple enough, but the
commission people want it under
stood that it took a long time to. per
feet it.
The impregnated eggs are brought
into the exhibit in big cans nearly every
day. They are put into glass jars and
slow currents of lake water at the nat
ural temperature are kept flowing
slowly through them. The eggs look
like a mass of translucent jelly glob
ules. One jar will contain as high as
450,000 perch eggs. It takes from twen
ty days upward, according to tempera
ture, for the eggs to hatch. Each fish
as it hatches seems to consist of two
tiny black spots which are eyes and an
infinitesimal strip of gelatine, which is
the rest of the fish. They can all swim
though at a great rate right from the
start, and as the young fry are drawn
off through the escape tubes of the jars
into vats that contain a million or more
exceedingly fresh fish they seem to be
always on the go.
Of the eggs that are being hatched I
now, those of the pike perch, known
generally as "wall-eyed pike," come
from Lake Erie. The yellow perch
eggs come from the aquarium. Within
a few days the commission expects to be 1
hatching black spotted trout eggs
brought from Leadville, Col., and later
in the season shad, lake trout and Cali
fornia salmon.
JUNE'S FLORAL' DISPLAY.
" Uncle Johnb" Thorpe Provides a Pit
Programme for the Month.
June is a fine month for flowers as
as well as for weddings and will not
be ignored by "Uncle John" Thorpe
and his assistants. During the latter
part of May the great flower beds about
the big greenhouses have blossomed
with a display of pansies and tulips
that have challenged the admiration of
observers.
This month the pansies will be in all
their glory. Tulips will be about out,
but there are many other flowers to
take their place. Peonies will be out
in the greatest profusion. The big red
and white blossoms will make the
flower beds about the greenhouses look
like natural carpets. On the wooded
island all the hardy flowering plants
will be in bloom and that will be the
prettiest spot in the fair grounds.
Roses will not be forgotten, nor will
they be missed in the floral display for
the month. The great variety of the
flower affords an opportunity for un
commonly fine displays, and the chances
will be made the most of. Designs will
be worked out in them, and the display
will be literally "acres of roses."
Rhododendrons are flowers of great
beauty and adaptibility for display
work, and they will be found by their
admirers in profusion. So will the
cainpanulas, pretty, bell-shaped blue
flowers. So far no particular displays
have been arranged for special days,
but later such plans will be matured.
All in all, the floral features for the
month of June will be unexcelled dur
ing the time'of the fair. It will be the
month par excellence for lovers of
nature in flowers and foliage to go to
Jackson park.
INTERESTING LECTURES.
Forestry, Agriculture and Live Stock to
lie Discussed at the Fair.
Chief Buchanan is preparing a pro
gramme for a series of lectures or talks
on subjects relating to forestry, agri
culture, horticulture and live stock, to
take place in the assembly hall adjoin
ing the Agricultural building. The
lectures will begin June 19, and the
first ten days will be devoted to subjects
relating to forestry. It is the inten
tion to have these lectures compiled and
if possible published in some perma
nent form hereafter. The subjects to
be covered are: "Tree Planting," "The
Science of Forestry," "Woods of
North America," "Woods of South
America," "Woods of Europe," "The
Woods of . Africa." "The Woods
of Asia." "The Woods of Australia,"
"Effect of Forest on Climate," "Culture
and Care of Seedlings," ""Government
Legislation and Control of Forests,"
"Diseases of Forest Trees," "Effect of
Grazing Woodlands." "Insects Injurious
and Beneficial to Forest Trees," "Shade
and Shade Trees," "Effects of Careless
Lumbering," "'Care of Woodlands."
Among the persons invited to discuss
these topics are: Prof. H. E. Fernow,
chief forestry division U'nited States
department of agriculture; Prof. C. S.
Crandall, Fort Collins, Ia.; R. TV. Fur
nas. Brownsville, Neb.; Prof. C. B.
Waldron, State Agricultural college,
Fargo, 8. D.; Prof. John C. Smock,
Trenton, N. J.; Robert Hudson, J. P.,
New South WVales: Alfred B. King,
commissioner for Liberia; J. J. Grinlin
ton, commissioner for Ceylon; Prof. C.
S. Sargent, New York; Dr. Charles
Mohlr, Mobile, Ala.: H. P. Kelsey, Linn
ville, N. C.; Prof. E. R. Lake, Pullman,
\Vash.; Prof. John Peasley, Cincinnati,
O.; E. I. Southwick, Central Park, N.
Y. The lectures will be free to all vis
itors at the fair.
JAPAN'S FINE ART.
SOriental Paintlngs That Were aleatli
Opened to the Public.
"The opening of the Japanese eihibit
in the Palace of Fine Arts a few days
ago drew a great many people, who
went away delighted as well as aston
ished at what they saw.
The entrance to the exhibit is guarded
on one side by a great bronze eagle, on
the other by a bronze cast of a protect
ing deity. A bas-relief of dragons in
Sclouds, done in bronze, stands just be
yond. and near by is a representation
Sof the Kasaka pagoda, an exquisite
f piece of carving. At the entrance
Shangs magnificent tapestry of silken
t chrysanthemums, and a painting of
carps by Tukok, greatest of Japanese
Sartists.
There are several landscapes, quiet
1 and restful, in black and white, the
finest being by Hiashimoto Gaho. Fish
t and birds predominate, and there is one
magnificent tiger.
A magnificent bronze is that of a
Sstump with a rooster perched upon it,
Swhile on the ground beside it is the old
Shen with her brood. The long tail
feathers in bronze are supple enough to
n have been transferred from the living
to the bronze fowl.
The entire exhibition is a revelation
Sin Japanese art.
y OEST talks. Yes, but never gives itself
away. --World's Fair Puck.
"
All other baking powders are shown by the
latest United States Government Report to be
inferior to the Royal in both Purity and Strength.
(See Bulletin z3, Chemical Division of U. S. Agricultural Dept.)
INTERESTING PARAGRAPHS.
Ilie president of Yale college, who a
Is ztquired to know a little of every- t
thing, has a salary $5,000 a year. The
chief cook in the Waldorf hotel, in New s1
York city, who knows only one thing d
well, gets $10,000 a year.
AlRICAN travelers say that the white d
rhinoceros frequently dies from eating a
poisonous plants which have no effect ii
on the black one, probably because the
fine scent of the latter tells him it is f,
dangerous. b
ScIETInsrs are of the opinion that
Avery's island, situated in the delta of
the Mississippi, is composed below the
top soil entirely of salt. The salt oc
curs in more or less transparent masses
and is quarried for export.
AT the beginning of this year -there ti
were 1,701,000,000 francs in gold and p
1,257,000,000 francs in silver in the
vaults of the Bank of France. It would a
require 883 cars of a capacity of ten a
tons each to move the metals.
THE GREAT NORTHWEST.
Its Remarkable Development Shown by a
World's Fair Ehlblt.
The Transportation building at the
Wonli's Fair is the most interesting feature
of the great exposition to all persons inter
ested in the development of the United
States. It contains a complete exhibit of
the latest railway appliances as well as the
quaint locomotive and stage coaches of the I
past. The Northern Pacifc railroad went a
step further than other transportation com
panies when it resolved to show two elegant
cars, especially built for the purpose, eon- c
taining samples of products gathered from r
the states of Wisconsin, Minnesota, North
Dakota, Montana, Idaho, Washington and
Oregon. The company was, no doubt, c
prompted to make this display because the
completion of its tr'anscontinental line
made the development of the states named
possible. Had it not been for the enter- 1
prise and pluck of the originators and man
agers of the Northern Pacifie railroad,
North Dakota, Montana, Idaho and Wash
ington would still be frontier territories in
habited by Indians and wild beasts, instead
of being progressive and prosperous com
monwealths. The products exhibited by
the seven states are handsomely arranged
and include all kindsof grains in the straw;
threshed grains and seeds, fruits and ber
ries; wild and cultivated grasses; ores
woods, iron and coal; precious metals an.
stones; hops, tobacco and flax; flour, wool
and fish; tanning bark and tanning acid;
marble, building stone, potter and brick;
aerated, dried, preserved and canned
fruits; vegetables, petrified woods, fine
mineral specimens, etc., etc. In the season
of fresh apples, pears, plums, cherries,
peaches, prunes, grapes, berries, melons,
roots and garden vegetables vill be brought
from the northwestern states, daily, for ex
hibition. In short, the exhibit comprises a
general collection of all kinds of products i
to show the diversified resources of the
seven great northwestern states traversed
by the Northern Pacillc railroad.
"Visitors who intend to invest money in
the northwest are reminded by nttractivo
placards that the company still retains con
trol of immense tracts of land in that terri
tory the exact figures being as follows:
Minnesota, 1,200.000 acres; North Dakota, I
6,860,000 acres- Montana, 17,800,000 acres;
Idaho, l,740,0oo acres; Oregon, 300,000 acres;
and Washington, 8,700,000 acres.
The two exhibit cars are marvels of the
car builder's art. They are vestibuled; have
large bay windows reaching from floor to
roof; are decorated with ornamental woods
from the forests along the Northern Pa
cific, and are in themselves an exhibit
worthy of thoughtful inspection. The cars
are placed on one of the tracks in the large
annex to the Transoortation building.
TovRiST-"What the mischief are you cov
ering up that footprint for, Sandy?' Sandy
-"Weel, ye see, mister, the queen passed
along here yesterday, and visited our lit
tie village, she did,and it was the only thing
she left to remind us of he visit. So we'll
just be keepin' it carefully."-Punch.
PROPIrQUITr. - She (sketching) - "I
suppose I could get your expression better
if you sat a little further off." He-"On
the contrary, I was just going to quote my
favorite hymn." She-" What is iln:t '
He-'-Draw me nearer."-Boston Beacon.
Tna gas man may have his troubles, but
they are always light.
Wonar kills more people than the small
pox.
A LAw strr wears out sooner at the pock
ets than at the knees.-Puck.
Ir the organ-grinder doesn't grow rich
rapidly it isn't from lack of push.
NATCRALLY the expert waltzer is fond of
moving in gay circles.-Troy Press.
BAUarIo dogs sometimes bite the dust.
Puck.
Mora-Paoor-The rain they leave behind.
-Truth.
WE don't envy the alligator although he
has a great snap.-Elmira Gazette.
THE poultry dresser is a lucky fellow
that is, he always gets the pick of the fock.
In footing up your indebtedness be sure
to include what you owe yourself.-Galves
eton News.
BEATS Tae WORLD-The sun.-Truth.
TIME .Lrss-Seventeen-year locusts.
Puck.
Wnux money gets tight it is locked up.
Elmira Gazette.
WEAr AND Tar i-Small boys.-Truth.
Tax difference between brain and brawn
is not so great as some suppose; it is all in
your "I."-Lowell Courier.
No x'rmn how much of a brick a man
may be, he can't go out on many bats with
out being broken--Troy Press
"Isv'T Murry a valued friend of youras'"
"Pooh, man, don't you know that he failed
Syesterdayl"-Inter Ocean.
TuE superintendent of a cemetery makes
grave charges against the best of us.
SM. Vaazsxx--"I shall never he myself
again." Mr. Verlsour-·"Wm1t5poor inier
imate do you expect to bel"-N. Y. Herald.
Our Bapid, Trassitory Zzistaee.,
Brief as it is at the longest, is liable to be
materially curtailed by our own indisumre
tions. The dyspeptic eat what they should
not, the bilious rinuk coffee in excess, and
the rheumatic, neuralgic and consumptive
sit in draughts, get wet feet and. remain in
damp clothes, and then wonder when ill
how they became so. To persons with a
tendency to neuralgia, we recommend a
daily use of Hustetter as Stomach Bitters,
and especially after unavoldable expoenre
in damp or otherwise inclement weather.
HIcgs-"You say that Bings is to be tried
for heresy 1" Wicks-'-"Yes ; he refuses to
believe that schism' is pronounced 'siam."'
-Boaton Transcript.
The Ladles.
The pleasant effect and perfect safety
with which ladies may use the California
liquid laxative Syrup of Figs, under all con
ditions, makes it their favorite remedy. To
get the true and genuine artiole. look for
the name of the California Fig Syrup Co.,
printed near the bottom of the package.
"'DoN 'T-on wear goloshes Mrs. Sprie
ginma" "'l0. Don't need to. Mlyeyesight-0
as good as it ever was."-Harpor's Bazar.
HALL's CATAnRR Cra is a-liquid and is
'taken anternally, and acts directly upon the
blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials, free. Sold by Drug
gists, 75c.
F. J. Cnarv & CO., Proprs., Toledo, O.
FATIGUE can hardly be regarded as an in
centrive to industry, butavwbeet can do very
little until its tired.-Binghamton Leader.
BScx HEADAcas, lassitude, weakness and
loss of appetite caused by malaria calf be
immediately cured by Beeoham's Pills.
Tan circus holds an unconquerable sway
over human interest. It is the kind of rman
rule tsat a man never can get away from.
HALr-CURED eruptions will return. Eradi
cate them with Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill's Hair and WVhisker Dye, 50 cents.
No DnrrFEREnc how you play the game of
life, you are sure to lose.-Atchison G]pbe.
" LOOK UP,
and not down," if you're a suffer
in woman. Every one of the
bolly troubles that come to
women only ha a gu Oateed
cure in Dr. Piere'es Favorite Pre
sripton. That will bring you
sae and certain help.
It's a powerful generad, as well
uuterine, tonic and nervinend
it builds up and invigorates the
entire female system. It regu
tes and promotes all the
urlcerations, ndirsem s bearing
Pdown s ensats
female compin" and wenesse, "Fe
vorite Prescription" lathe only guarateed
remedy. I f it ever fails to beneft or curs,
you have your money back.
In every case of Catarrh that beems
hopeless, you can depend upon Doctor
Sage's Catarrh Remedy for a cure
It's proprietors are so sure of It that
they'll pay $500 cash for any incurable
case. Sold by all druggists.
DROPS 1md u.1 Have
tared ssasy the".
and intea ofys at n le -. ral n.." o "
OUT THIS`-, ADVERTISEMENT OUT
-AND AINC1zD IT T^
DRUMMOND TOBA00O 00., St. Louis, Mo.,
AND THEY WILL SEND TOU A TEN-CENT CUT OP
HORSE SHOE PLUC
CHEWINC TOBACCO FREE OF CHARCE.
"ao 1Tof1" at "'rLam O iOtna atar S1i5llll
"I SAYI
BUYA CAKE OF
CLAIRETTE
0SOAP
ad tharnk nme for callirlng
your atterqtiorto II."
MANUFACTURED
ONLY 'WY
N: K.F'AIRBANK& CO.ST. Lous.
THE POT INSULTED THE KiETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD sBE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
_RU.L EE LADY,
I.II tt Ndl. bY
PATIENCE STAPLETON.
Author of
SICa4gy." *"Trailing Yew.' '* My Sister's Hustoan."
et... Is oOlned an
LpIlnGoW's Ma0azlne
for JULY (ptislted June so). also.
PANNY KBMBLB AT LENOX. By C. B. TonDD
THE REPRIEVE OP CAPITrrALIST CLYVE.
(Ilustated.) (The Fifth of LippItcott's Nooble
Series.) By OWEN WISTER.
ON THB WAY. (Illustrated.) By JULIAN HAW
THORNE.
CHICAGO ARCHITECTURE. (Illustrated.) By
BARR FERRE.
THE NEW POETRY AND MR. W. B. HEINLEY.
By GILEIRT PARKER.
WHAT THE UNITED STAlTEOWESto ITALV.
By GIOVANNI P. MOROSINrI.
A WILD NIGHT ON THE AflAZON. By MoR
AN S. SEDMUNDS.
Etc.. Etc.. Etc.
Also poems. essays. stories. etc.. by favorite authord.
UPPlSOTT'S 7oigiated th"e complete ' stor
eature. and. cwith Its varied
ad minterestlh miscellany. one of the most attract
h's Magamnes now rubli$hd. For sale byalt news
and book dealers. Single number, as cents; per
annum: St".o.
LruEPINCOTT'r IAOAZINE, bliadelplesIL
Latest Styles
-nr
L'Art De LaMode.
I ('I EI It ]PL AT.
... and NMfTURE.
A Book of Choice Selections from the
Writings of
DAVID SWING.
Published I SEARLE & GORTON,
NetO[RgIaCiK BI[', CHICAGO, ILL.
o o - d NIITU ILE.
Writings of
DAVID ISINO
WARSTEI Er5S7i mo
mma ofTan. O~mae .iara h
A. N. K. s . r1. c5.. Df3, a t .
P V Ickewasa passtar. Chc mage
Wymaof WgTi-rBO Ohio. DaAe INcisas EL.itr!
n Tool or oming andwre E
who U ven a ess la or l.s es
&POINTS IDR iPS ES
A NTEDi. a. Fati. sLISTw. C@.. DEW To CIT.
Iaflt aet Ir a d eollars dalR sIliue PnRIE
OmeUP5SeU and people
hoI whoave weak lungs or Asth
ms. should use PlSo'e Cure for
Consumption. It has eared
Sh n naus . It has not injur
ed one. itt. not bad to take.
8B14 everywhere. She.
A. N. K.. F. ,i453
e W15W W3ITItO To ADVERTISERS PLEASE
I Mat that yes saw the Advwsttemeat In this
Cave.