TIE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1893. NUMBER 25.
A STORY OF THE SEJA.
Im Told by Orany Nell to a Bum
mer-Day Visitor.
The steamer time-table said: "Pas
lengers can land and have one hour to
.aspect this typical New England fish-
ing village, with its queer, rambling
streets, its - ancient houses, its old
wharfs, once the scene of activity, now
silent and deserted,," etc.
I stood at the end of the landing
place and looked down the long street
with the walk on one side and the bar
bor on the other, then turned to watch
the crold rush past to take the town
by stordz, staring in at the windows of
the houses, overrunning the quiet little
grave-yard, intruding everywhere; in
fact, doing everything that rude, van
dal excursionists do the world over.
"Desecrators!" I thought, "how shell
I avoid you? IHere I take what I sup
pose to be an out-of-the-way trip to an
out-of-the-way place to get a littlerest.
and, if 'possible, new ideas, but instead
of a quiet boat and leisurely sail, you,
the great uncouth, overflowing with
animal spirits and lunch baskets, are
before me, yea, your crumbs are upon
me, and the marks of your chlildren's
clammy hands and the sound of their
anguished sobs are even yet mine."
After which elegant apostrophe I
desperately struck into a straggling
side street, and in a few short moments,
to my astonishment, -they were left far
behind.
I stopped and looked about.
i Behind me the town lay, a narrow
fringe of gray, colorless houses
bordering the inner harbor. Here
and there a thin' penciled column of
smoke rose straight up as from a fire
in aesert, the air was so still and ho4.
Before nme a stretch of blindiug
yellow sand, sparkling with glints o
amethyst and pearl from the dis
integrated sea shells which formcd
part of the drift that lay heaped up in
odd, monstrous, angular dunes, tufted
with occasional bunches of vivid greenl
wire grass; a veritable sea serpent's
lair; a domain of desolation.
Beyond, a sea so calm, so translucent
that the horizon line is lost, melted
away into the sky.
A mondtonous (droning filled the enar,
reminding one of the cicadas of Prov
nence. From some shipyard came the
dull-measured stroke of a caulker's
hammer, sounding like the tapping of a
woodpecker; again the "peep! peep!"
of a sand bird; these are the only cvi
dences of life. The spell of sleep is
over everything, and I stand looking
unconsciously right ahead till the sud
den noise of the excursion boat blow
ing off steam arouses me, and I see a
low cottage, the last on the lane, sur
rounded by a meager yard fenced with
driftwood held together by pieces of
rigging.
Biefore the door is a pretentious poreth
or arbor constructed of the gray, blenach
ing ribs of a whale. An enterprising
morning-glory vine is endeavoring to
envelop and clothe its ghastliness, but
it protrudes and stands out from the
flabby, sun-killed wreaths like a whited
sepulcher. A cobble-stone walk edged
with pink conch shells completes the
dreary ensemble.
I am about to turn back to the town,
for it is not very pleasant paddling about
in the shifting sands under the broiling
sun, when I see a little crouched-up
figure sitting oft a block of wood in the
shadow of an old dory, and so much the
color of the surroundings as to be al
most unnoticed.
It is a w-oman, gray and bent with
years, lool:ing fixedly at me with queer,
canny eyes, her lips moving as she
counts the stitches of the knitting in
her hands.
I push open the gate on its rope hiMgen
and enter, asking politely for a drink
of water. Never stopping she nods
toward the well. I help myself and
then sit down near her, remarking:
"This is a beautiful day."
"Sun draw water in the mornin'
Sailors take warnin',"
she answers, never taking her eyes off
me. It was so unexpected I started,
but rallying said:
"Well, a nice fresh breeze wouldn't
hurt us."
In sad, monotonous tone, she re
plied:
" When winds blow freshero.s the main
And mist scuds up from the loa,
There's apt to be some: rain
And a choppy sou'east sea."
"Well, welt," I laughed, pleasantly,
though I didn't feel a mite that way;
"you're quite a rhymster, mother; got
verses for all kinds of weather."
The laugh seemed to please the old
sybil for an instant, then the small eyes
grew sad again and she said, nodding
toward the village:
"Stayin' below?"
"No, I just came down and going right
back."
"Then nobody sent you here?" lean=
ing forward.
"No; just strayed this way to avoid
the crowd. Why do you ask?"
"They fend people here to bother mec
They say I'nm crazy, crazy Neli you
know; ever hear tell of her?"
"No; but tell me, mother, how do
you live in this wilderness?"
"All the day I knit stockin's an' mits
an' lots of nippers for the fishermen to
wear when they're fishin'. They're not
all bad. They give me food and things
for them, sometimes a little tea; but
it's a poor life, lad, a poor an' sorrow
ful life for old crazy Nell, with only her
thoughts and the sea's moans for com
pany; an' death passes me, that only
longs to go, and takes the young an'
strong, that wants to live; but the day
is nigh at hand now; soon I will see my
Malcolm, my bonny boy, my husband
gone, lId, gone, gone, and only married
one day; think of it, me all alone,
alone for forty weary winters and forty
wearier summers, waitin' to die an' go
to him. Do you think he has forgiven
me?"
"Suppose you'tell me your story," -
said, gently, rather touched by her
plaintiveness.
"My story? aye; and what joy would
ye find in the vagaries and mumblin's
of an old crazy woman like me, I cann
telL
"He built this house for me, hie
bride Oh, Wbt i wu a happ.y girl thea;
yes, an' one of the tidiest and prettiest
of the village, and often T was told of
it, and he was the smartest and bravest
of all the fisher lads that went out to
the Banks; everyone loved him, myself
most of all, tho' I was a bit pert and
liked my own way; well, well, the day
of rest is nigh to me now. Hearken,
then, sir, an' I'll tell ye a tale of the
sad, sad sea; a tale of its cruelty to one
I loved; a tale that's brimful with pain,
an' woes, an' griefs; ah, God, that he
should go! wild an' awful the tempest
raged when he dared an' perished!"
After a few moments of weeping and
muttering to herself she began her dis
jointed narrative anew:
"Softly the gray mists hung far o'er
the smiling bay, an' the sun sparkled
on the'little ripples that were so weak
they hardly broke on the shore that
fair Septemer morn we two were mar
ried. But as night came on, great dark
towerin' storm clouds, leaden-hued,
scurried across the heavens, an' the
fierce, red lightnings glowered an'
flashed on a roarin' sea. From the dark
south, up came the gale, drivin' before
it straight, unbroken rows of mountain
ous billows, crowned on top same as
with white yeast; then, like a fiend
turned loose with shriekin' yells and
bellowin's, down swooped the storm
and whipped big clots of foam from off
the waves, an' hurled the heavy swell
far up the groaning shore. Truly the
earth seemed frightened with the mad
ness of the seas.
"But in the house here we were hay
in' a merry time. We had a lot of
women and children from town, and a
couple of the young men who were
just in from a trip and stopped over to
see us married. Old Cap'n Thomas and
the minister had each just said a grace,
and we were about to fall to and eat,
when suddenly some one heard a faint
signal gun. in a minute feast and cv
cr."thing was forgotten; off rushed the
whole compan.y, men, women and
children, Malcolm and me with them,
to the beach. What did we see in the
darlkening evening light? A vessel way
out se.wnard, pounding on the bar!
Not a stick nor spar did she have
standing; shorn of everything by the
force of the shock when she struck, anti
the big waves dashin' and lashin' clean
over her.
"Not a minute do we waste, but c'll
hands help drag the life-boat downi ro
the edge of the surf, and then quirki
cull for volunteers, brave fellows who
count themselves nothing if thoy can
only save some one else's life. My Mal
com felt no fear; he was the fir.,t tc
spring for ward, and, though I clung to
him and beseeched and sobbed, would
not heed me. 1le gave one last embrace
to me, his new-made wife, and turned
to the boat.
"Vainly I begged him to remain with
me that first day of our wedded life;
but no, he counted his duty before all
else. Oh, that I had died then! My
heart was filled with a dark terror;
'twas torn and rent apart with angvish
that he would go; my head was sw.m
min' and reelin', and crazed with the
cruel smart of his first refusal I mocked
and cursed him there. Aye, cursed him
for what was only right, for the boat
was 'bt poorly manned, there were se
few . men as the beach, and of thert
somre were old and almost crippled; but
in my selfish ravings I felt no pity for
the poor. ship in distress, screaming
again and again that I wished it would
break up before they got started, and
that if they went I hoped nbver to see
any of them again!
"Slowly my Malcolm left his place at
the bow of the boat; if I live 'till I'm a
hundred, which, God pity me. I hope I
won't, never can I forget the look I
saw on his face in the wan light.
"'Nell, darling, kiss me good-by.
Won't? Ah, well, God bless you!' and
he was gone.
"Down on the sand I fell in a dead
faint. What then? Ah, yes. I lay
there but a moment; the wet sand on
my face brought me to. I s'ared about
me; none were left but a little knot of
women and children huddled together,
crying and peering through the gloom
at the struggling boat, and a couple of
old men still standing waist deep in
the water where they had helped shove
off.
"Now the surf is passed; they are
tossed on the great waves; down, down
they go far from sight in the mad sea;
then up they come again; up, up,
'gainst wind and tide, now toppling on
the point of some monster billow, only
to go plunging down to meet the next,
and pulling up with might and fain to
reach the wreck that labored and
strained on the bar and threatened to
go to pieces every second.
"Now they work round under her
stern and are hidden from us by the
hulk, but soon we see them again care
fully approaching from the lee side;
but even there it seems too' rough to
try to board her. Then we know from
the motions that they have cast a line,
which must be caught, as now we see
a dark shape suspended over the boat
for an instant; the next, a vast, moun
tainous wall of foam overwhelms them,
the gale bursts out afresh and when
we can get our breaths and look again
thly are gone! Nothing is left but a
raging line of breakers black with
wreckage! Ship and boat are no
znorp!"
Calmly she wiped her streaming eyes
and concluded:
"At daybreak eight bodies had
washed ashore; four our own men and
four strangers; the rest of the ship's
company, nobody knows how many,
and the fifth of the boat's crew-my
own Malcolm, were never recovered!" -
The heat, which pulsated around us
like a draught from a hot furnace, and
the dramatic intensityof the old dame's
reeital had so worked upon me that I
was in a sort of addled comatose condi
tion. The few sounds of life from the
village were unnoticed; even the warn
ing whistle had blown some minutes
before entirely unheeded; so I had to
take the Cape train back to town, but
somehow I didn't feel like complaining.
-H. lIamilton, in Bioston Budget.
-Bolbic--"Don't they feel awfully
funny when you walk?" Mfr. Guzzle
"1What do you mean, little man?"
Robble-"Why, somebody said you had
snakes in yotw boots real oftcn."-In
ter Ocsia i
FOREIGN GOSSIP.
--In Chin a traveler wishing for a
passport is compeled to have the palm
of his hand brushed over with fine oil
paint; he then presses his hand on thin
damp paper, which retains an impres
sion of the lines. This is used to pre
vent transference of the passport, as
the lines of no two hands are alike.
-A man named Schneider deserted
his wife in Thessingen, Bavaria, came
to America, and here committed biga
my. Learning, some years later, that
his first wife and died, he returned to
his old home, and is in jail there. The
report of his wife's death was merely a
ruse to get him in the clutches of the
law.
-It is believed by the engineers and
officials of the enterprise that the Man
chester ship canal will be opened for
traffic along its entire length, from
Liverpool to Manchester, by next Feb
ruary or March. If the practical com
pletion is retarded beyond that date it
will likely be by legal rather than en
gineering difficulties.-N. Y. Sun.
-A hot-rcater fountain is now in
operation in Paris. The water that
feeds the fountain passes through a
coil of copper tubing three hundred
feet long. By dropping a son in a slot,
jets of gas are turned on and ignited.
By this means the water is heated.
For each sou one is entitled to eight
liters. It is expected that this foun
tain will be a great assistance to the
poor, and, if successful, others will be
built.
-Denial is made in St. Petersburg to
the unfavorable reports recently pub
lished in Great Blritain and elsewhere
regarding the prospects of the coming
harvest in Russia, and to the statement
that the government would, in conse
quence, prohibit the export of rye.
The present condition of the crops, al
though unsatisfactory in the govern
ments of Podolia. Kieff, and Cherson,
is excellent in practically all other dis
tricts.
-Japanese gardens are the most
fairylike of places. You see in them
tiny trees and flowering plants, ponds,
bridges.summer-houses. lanterns-here
dwarf pines six or eight inches high,
but one hundred and twenty-five years
old: there others one foot high, out
five hundred years old. In the garden
of Yeijugin--within the temple grounds
-there are many peony plants, mostly
old. but one is one hundred years old,
and is eight feet high-quite a tree.
-There is in Spain a river called
Tinto. which has very extraordinary
qualities. fts waters, which are as yel
low as the topaz, harden the sand and
petrify it in a most surprising manner.
If a stone falls into the river and rests
upon another they both become per
fectly ulnited and conglutinated in a
year. It withers all the plants on its
banles as well as the roots of trees,
which it dyes of the same hue as its
water. No fish live in its stream.
-There is no doubt that South Africa
is regarded at present as the most prom
ising field for development in the pro
duction of the precious metals. The
continued extension of mining opera
tions in the Transvaal, and the more
recent rediscovery of the ancient gold
fields of Mlashonaland and the Mata
bele country. seem to be drawing
miners and mining-engineers from other
countries in considerable numbers, and
the movement is likely to continue for
some time to come.-Engineering and
Mining Journal.
-A story comes from Irkutsk, the
capital of eastern Siberia, of a dog
seven months old that has suddenly de
veloped the faculty for making sounds
so like a human voice that a person in
the next room could not tell the differ
ence. The dog seems to have no com
prehension of the meaning of the
words he utters, but lie'readily repeats
anything that is said to him in a shrill,
boyish-sounding voice. Some days he
seems to lose the faculty or to be disin
clined to exercise it, but on others de
lights to say anything he is told.
-Gen. Dodds says in his report on
the Dahomey campaign that the Lebel
rifle gave entire satisfaction. The car
tridges were in no way affected by the
voyage out or by the climate of Daho
mey. Smokeless powder and the old
kind were used in the way of experi
ment in several engagements. The
smokeless powder proved by far the
more satisfactory. The old powder
drew the fire of the enemy instead of
mnasking the detachment using it, and
the troops using the smokeless powder
suffered much less than the others.
RAMADAN AND BAIRAM.
The Mahometan Month of Day Fastiang
and Night Feasting.
Ramadan is the Mahometan Lent. At
this time the sultan always goes from
the Gildiz palace in Pera across the
great bridge of boats into his Turkish
capital, Stamboul, to kiss the mantle of
Mahomet. Ramadan is in the ninth
lunar month of the Mahometan year,
and during it the people are required
both by the law and the prophet to
spend their days in fasting and prayer.
From sunrise to sunset not a morsel of
foodl and not a drop of liquid must pass
their lips; and the more conscientious
of the people consider it a sin to swal
low their saliva during this time. They
must not smoke or take snuff, or use
any means to stay their appetite, and
even the use of perfumery is forbidden.
The Mahometan who is a perpetual
smoker misses his tobacco more than
his food during the fasting, and even
the poorest of the day laborers', who,
faint from working twelve hours on an
empty stomach, having their dinner
ready for them, watch the sun going
with a cigarette in their hands, and
will consume this before they begin to
eat. The olive is considered to be five
times more blessed than the water to
break the fast with, and the dinner
which follows the fast of Ramadan is
always the best that the purse of the
faster can procure.
Ramadan is to all Mahometan coun
tries a month of day fasting and night
feasting. The people make up for
their abstinence during the day by a
grand carouse at night. and StOruboul
during this period holds a nightly
carnival. All the restaurants and
eals are lighted and the streets filled
with revelewswho are making up for
their privations during the day. The
wealthy sit up all night, receiving and
returning calls and giving dinner par
ties, and after the evening services at
the Mosque, the people go to the espla
nade of the Suli-Manich, the fashiona
ble drive, where there is a dense crowd
of promenaders. The bazars are illu
minated and the lemonade peddler and
the sweetmeat men are out in all their
glory. The season which the great fast
of Ramadan, and which might corre
spond to Easter is called Bairam. This
is a time of feasting and rejoicing that
the months of fasting are over.--Cos
mopolitan.
WILL AND HEREDITY.
Strengtheningal and Relanforcing the Good
Qualities ot Children.
In the ordinary case, the qualities
transmitted from parents to children
must necessarily make a whole inferior
to the mental and moral equipment of
the better one of the parents, unless
there is a remarkable after-develop
ment of them. This is true, because
the inheritance from the inferior par
ent lowers that from the superior. Con
sequently, it is evident that men would
retrograde, instead of advancing, in
civilization unless forces stronger than
heredity were in operation. Such forces
are environment and will. In an indi
vidual case either one may be as strong
or stronger than hereditary, but, with
the average of those who improve upon
the mental or moral condition of their
parenits, the ease it that only the eotin
bined influence of environment and will
is more active than heredity.
Heredity is the first of the three
factors to operate. It is, so to say, itn
full blast before the child is responsi
ble. Except in extraordinary intances,
most of the hereditary qualities of
children may be anticipated, certainly
discovered, by observing parents who
wish to do the best possible in the long
run for their children rather than to
gain immediate pride. Parents should
realize that children merit neither
praise nor blame for hereditary quali
ties, inasmuch as both good and bad
qualities come without effort on the
part of the children. They should
particularly realize that only effort, in
its various forms of obedience, indus
try, regularity, cheerfulness, etc., is
the true test of a child's merit.
A parent, next to maintain
ing a child's health, should culti
vate his will to cheerful obedi
ence and industry. These are the
qualities which it is first possible for a
child to acquire; and acquired qualities
are those which bring the most train
ing and are the most praiseworthy.
That parent loves well, but not wise
ly, and is doing wrong, who gives un
earned rewards to the idle and selfish
boy or the fretting girl. If the boy
fails to prove half-spoiled on becoming
a man, it is in spite of his early train
ing. The chances are that he will be
willful, besides idle and selfish. Bpt
an early environment of industry,
obedience, thought and faithful re
ligious training can train the will in
such a way as to modify natural bad
qualities and reinforce natural good
qualities and lead to the acquiring of
new good ones.-N. Y. Ledger.
THE FOX-TERRIER.
It Is One of the Most Useful as Well as
Mlost Popular of Dogs.
Of all small dogs the fox-terrier is
the most engaging, and for many years
has been the most fashionable compan
ion for young men. He was originally
kept as an addition to every pack of
fox-hounds, and was used to worry the
fox out of a hole when in the chase
Reynard had gone to ground. Of re
cent years, however, the fox-hound has
developed so much speed that the little
terrier can not keep up in the chase.
For awhile a huntsman used to carry a
fox-terrier on horseback to be used in
case the fox went to ground, but nowa
days, in hunting countries, fox-ter
riers are so numerous that one can al
ways be had for the huntsman's use in
any neighborhood. The fox-terrier is
the most gentlemanlike of all dogs,
and his cleanly habits make him "wel
come wherever he is known. lie is
also as courageous as possible. The
writer once saw at the Central Park
menagerie a small fox-terrier chained
in an elephat's cage. The two were
evidently good friends ordinarily, but
something was wrong the day the
writer saw them. The terrier was ly
ing in his corner evidently in the sulks.
The elephant, with comical twinkle of
his eyes, woul4 pick up straws with
his" trunk and drop them on the
dog. The terrier for awhile shook
these off, and merely growled.
Then, his patience worn out,
he jumped r out and dash
ed at the elephant with savage anger.
lie went as far as his chain would let
him. The huge elephant backed as far
as he could into a corner, and seemed
to be trying to make himself as small
as possible. But there was a twinkle
in his eyes, and there seemed to be a
smile on his face. The fox-terrier tug
ged at his chain, and acted as though
he would eat that elephant up if he
could get at hims. It was a most com
ical sight. There is no better dog to
destroy vermin, and he courses rabbits
with much zdst. A good fox-terrier
puppy costs from five to one hundred
dollars. Mr. August Belmont several
years ago paid in England five hundred
guineas for his dog Lucifer.-Harper's
Y'oung People.
Goslsip That Is Proftable.
In China there is a profession for
ladies, strange, because openly and
handsomely remunerated in the cur
rent coin of the realm. It is carried
on by elderly ladies, who go from house
to house of rich people announcing
their coming by beating a drum and
offering their services to amuse the
lady of the house. This offer accepted,
they sit down and tell the latest scan
dal and the newest stories and on dits
and are rewarded at the rate of one
half crown an.iour, besides a hand
some present should sonumu portion of
their gossip have proved particularly
accepta ble.-Chicngo IHerald.
-Gold alwavys has a market.-Ran'Wi
Horu,
PITH AND POINT.
---Staylate (yawns)-"Excuse me."
Ethel Knox-"Certainly. Goodnight."
-Vogue.
-lie--"Which way was Tommy Too
dies bound when you saw him?" She
"In full calf, judging by his conversa
tion."-Belford's Magazine.
-"'o wonder De Boot likes classical
music. IHe is properly constituted."
"How so?" "He can disguise his feel
ings perfectly. "-Detroit Tribune.
-"Do you suppose there is any dan
ger of his illness running into quick
consumption?" "Pooh, no; he's a mes
senger boy, don't you know."-Inter
Ocean.
-You can always tell the man who
has a free seat at the theater by the
calmly-critical way in which he ab
stains regularly from all applause.
Somerville Journal.
-Hess-"That old Mr.,Booger drinks
like a fish." Snarleigh-"Nonsense, a
fish doesn't place the end of a whisky
flask to its mouth every ten minutes."
-Raymond's M~onthly.
-"I might have married half a doz
en better men than you.," said Mrs.
Jackson Parke in the course of a little
conjugal tiff, "*and what's more,I mean
to do so."-Indianapolis Journal.
-A western paper says warm weather
accelerates- the growth of whiskers.
That may be a reason why cyclones
come to play with them when the sum
mer is on.-New Orleans Picayune.
-The Butcher(haughtily)-"Madame,
my reputation rests upon my meat."
Doubting Customer-"W'ell, if it's as
tough as that last steak you sent me, I
feel sorry for you."-Buffalo Courier.
-Ills (Golden Text.-Dr. Thirdly
"You love to go to Sunday-school, don't
you. Dick?" D)ick Hicks-"Yes. indeed."
Dr. Thirdly-"What do you expect to
eanrn to-day?' Dick llicks-"Thedate
of the picnic."--Punch.
-Willie--"Conme here. you little cub."
Fond Father--"William, don't let me
hear you speak to your baby brother
like that. lie's no cub." "Oh, yes, he
:r' I heard ma tell grandma that you
were nothing but an old bear !"
-Woman, 1Woman !-She-"Why don't
you tell me that noise isn't a burglar.
(George? A woman always needs to be
reassured." George-"Of course it isn't
a burglar, dearest. That is only the
rain dropping on the eaves. Thercl
don't you hear it again?" She-"What
do you want to keep talking about it
for?"--Judge.
-A Truth-Teller.- Owner -"Wlhen
did your father say he expected to have
this job done?" Truthful James (son of
contractor)-"Well, I heard him tell
mother that if he got a certain job he's
looking after he'd have yours finished
by to-night. but if not, he guessed he'd
make this job last out another week."
--Yankee Blade.
-Doing Her Best.-Husband (who
has had "jumping neuralgia" for two
days)-"ULgh ! I don't see why-oh,
oh, oh -we were not born without
teeth ! Ugh !" Wife (soothingly--"If
you had only stopped to consider it, you
would not have made such a remark,
dearie. For. yon know, we really were
born without teeth."--Truth.
-"WVhat shall we do with our living
skeletons?" is a question that is engag
ing the attention of the Louisville au
thorities. A showman brought a fe
male skeleton from Georgia, but as she
was not a profitable attraction, and
now he insists that it is the city's busi
ness to fat her up to a normal and com
fortable condition. The city hasn't
been able to decide as to its liability
under the law.
BLOWED ON THE OFFICE BOY.
Flow the Latter Got Square on the IBlonde
Typewriter.
The office boy and the blonde typc
writer had quarreled. It was over a
trivial rhatter, to be sure, but neverthe
less they were on the outs.
Both seemed spitefully revengeful.
and when one day the office-boy played
off sick and went to the base-ball game
the typewriter made known to the em
ployer the youth's sporting proclivities.
This, as might be expected, caused
trouble, and the wrath of the office
boy aga inst the young lady with nimble
fingers increased more and more. Days
passed and the lad planned and dreamed
of schemes to "get back" at his fair
tormentor, who stood so well in the
graces of the employer. Now on every
typewriter there is a small gong which
rings when the end of the line is
reached. The office boy knew this, and
as he watched the prettily-tappered
fingers throw back the carriage at each
tap of the bell he smiled with fiendish
glee.
It was late in the afternoon. the
young lady was industriously tapping
the keys to finish the firm's correspond
ence. She had reached the last letter,
and remarked to the ofice boy that her
best young man was going to take her
to the theater that evening. Hence her
hurry. This only made the office boy
smile all the more, for he knew that hi
time had come. His eyes seemed to say:
"Revenge is sweet." The young lady
slipped the sheet of paper into the ma
chine, and began at lightning speed to
write from her notes.
The youth watched the carriage slid
ing to and fro. He took from his pock
et a rusty nail, and, as the typewriter
wrote on unconsciously, he tapped the
bell lightly with the nail. The young
lady, never thinking, pushed the paper
up another line and went on. Again
the boy tapped the bell, and again the
young lady turned the machine. This
was kept up until the maiden had writ
ten all there was to write.
A small figure had sneaked easily
out of the door. The blonde withdrew
the sheet from the machine. She looked
at it, and looked again and saw before
her a letter written something after
the fashion of the latter day step-lad
der poetry. Not a single line was prop
erly written. The girl grew thought
ful. She seemed to remember that the
bell had wrung a trifle oftener than
usunal. She looked about the room and
then she remembered that the office
boy had once upon a time gone to a
base ball game and had remarked sub
sequently that he wQyald get even,
Baltimore Ilrtld.
FARM AND GARDEN.
THE VICIA AMERICANA.
Eome Interesting Information About the
Wild Pea Vine.
American vetch, or wild pea vine,
grows commonly on the prairies of
Minnesota, South Dakota and west
ward. It is a very pretty little plant
from one to three feet in height, sup
porting its slender form by clinging
to the surrounding verdure with its
delicate clasping leaf-tendrils. The
flowers are beautiful, of a brilliant
blue or purplish color, and, were the
plant less common, it would be an ac
quisition in any flower garden. Few
flowers can be arranged in such a man
ner as to make a handsomer bouquet
than these wild pea vines and blossoms.
Where the land has been broken and
lies idle a year these little plants spring
up in great profusion and nearly
through the months of May and June
create . lovely natural flower garden,
spreading a rich mantle of blue over
the brown earth. When cultivated the
WILD PEtA VIN\.
period of bloom can he greatly length
ened by picking the flowe rs as soon as
they begin to fade. The pods, though
smaller, resemble those of the culti
vated pea. and the seeds have much the
same flavor.
Vicia Americana is one of the native
food plants of the large. brilliant
western species of blister beetle,
known to science as Can tltaris Nut
talli. Whole patches of wild pens
are denuded by these insects. Fn
fortunately they have also acquired
a taste for cultivated beans, and as soon
as wild peas begin to get hard the
beetles turn their whole attention to
the gardens and bean patches, where,
on account of their large size and ihn
mense numbers, they make sad havoc.
This is only another instance of a
change in the food habits of an insect
by which it discards the plants which
afforded subsistence to its ancestors,
to become an enemy to the tender and
more nutritious cultivated species.
There are at least fifteen species of
-Vicia native to the United States, be
sides the two species naturalized from
Europe. These latter are the trouble
some weeds found in grain fields and
known by the common name of vetch
or tares. -Prairie Farmer.
TEXAS TO THE FRONT.
The Excellent Road Law Pa.sed by the
Lane Star Logialature.
The agitation begun some time ago
for the construction of country roads
that will be passable at all seasons of
the year is not to be allowed to die out
without having produced any practical
results. It is now hearing fruit in sonice
sections of the country where the need
of good roads has been most severely
felt. The legislature of Texas, which
has recently adjourned. passed an act
for the beginning of the work of road
construction in the state which, if it
should prove effectual in its working,
will doubtless be given wider scope at
subsequent sessions of the lawmaking
'assembly until its provisions are wide
enough to embrace every portion of the
state and furnish good roads in all di
rections.
As yet the law applies only to coun
ties that contain cities and towns of
considerable importance, probably be
cause the imposition of a tax sufficient
to meet the expense of the construction
would be more than the sparse popula
Lion in other counties could stand. By
the act passed the counties are author
ized to issue bonds for road construc
tion. The amount of these bonds is to
be governed by the assessed valuation
of the property in the county issuing
the paper. No larger amount may be
issued than a tax of fifteen mills on the
assessed valuation. The bonds may not
be redeemable in less than ten or run
more than forty years, and they may
not be sold at less than their par value.
Care is taken in the law to provide
safeguards for the proper expenditure
of the money. MIoney thus raised may
not be expended for any other purpose
than the construction of roads and
bridges. These must be built under
the supervision of a competent engi
neer and after a proper survey has been
made for them. They are to be built
in a substantial and permanent wsay so
that they will be passable at all sea
sons of the year and in such a way that
they will be easily kept in proper re
pair. Should the act be administered
in the spirit in which it has been
passed, it is probable that Texas will
soon be ahead of most of the other
western states in regard to good coun
tryroads.-Chicago Evening Post.
A Proitable Investment.
Good roads pay. If our country cous
ins could be made to believe that de
cent roads increase thl value of their
property they might take a brace and
make the suburban roads passable.
Lowell (Mass.) Times.
IF you have no separator do not fail
to provide for the rapid and thorough
cooling of milk by means of some deep
setting system. Hea vy losses are pprt
to cone it this is not nttncded to,
HIGHWAY ENGINEERS.
How They Should Be Edueated Wae
Trained for Their Work.
The history of the art of road-making
is singularly replete with important
lessons. It is doubtful if the recorded
experience of any other branch of en
gineering is more instructive. There
fore the highway engineer needs to
know much of the history of his pro
fession in other times and countries
than his own.
Last, but not least, the student of
this subject needs ample piractice in the
construction work of the road engineer.
He must see an extended series of prac
tical constructions, observe the work in
progress, and note the results attained
by the various methods; above all he
must become familiar with the manual
and mechanical processes which have
been found to give the best results
with the least expenditure. He should,
if possible, before graduation, have a
tour of duty in the actual work of his
proposed occupation.
There is reason to hope that the edu
cation of engineers in the manner here
proposed will bring about a gain which
will go much further than it at first
sight appears likely to do. Up to the
present time our country people have
had but little in the way of profit from
the services of skilled men in engineer
ing work. Although such experts are
needed in a great variety of ways in
every rural community, there has not
been as yet enough employment to
tempt them to those fields. If the plan
is adopted of having township or coun
ty engineers for the care of the
highways we may look forward to a
wider dissemination of this class of
persons, and to their aid in many
branches of work, where they will
prove most helpful. They will be good
land surveyors: they can give valuable
advice in questions of water supply and
drainage; they may be trusted to better
the methods of construction used in
our buildings. As soon as it becomes
the custom to rely upon this class of
experts the field of their usefulness will
rapidly widen, and our economic condi
tions will protit much from their aid.
They will bring the resources of a great
field of natural science home to our peo
ple. There can be no doubt that
through this addition of specialists to
our country folk we are shortly to
make a distinct advance in our societies
outside of the great towns.
To young men who are seeking a safe
and honorable occupation the field of
employment which is opened by the de
veloping profession of the highway en
gineer is likely to prove very tempting.
It offers an opportunity for a large and
interesting kind of activity. Consid
ered with the other duties which will
naturally fall to such experts, it will
not only give a man a living, but will
make hiim a person of importance in the
community wherein hdwelis.-Prof.
N. S. Shaler, in Leslie's Weekly.
OPEN SHED FOR COWS.
One That IM Conabined with a Corn ad
Grain Chanmber.
In cold climates many farmers take
the precaution to surround their barn
vards on three sides with buildings,
which adds wonderfully to the comfort
of animals that spend at least a portion
of.cach day out of doors, whether it be
winter with its necessary stable feed
ing or summer with its soiling. But
to secure the comfort of cows that are
turned into the yard in summer an open
shed is highly desirable. :t is also an
-- II
important addition to a yard where
cows are turned at night in summer,
.w hether kept in the stable or the pas
ture during the day, for sudden
storms and showers frequently arise in
the night and thoroughly drench the
stock that has no shelter it can seek.
For sheep, cows, weanling calves and
ether stock such an open shed has pro
nounced advantages both in summer
and winter. The one shown in the il
lustration is combined with a corn and
Sgrain chamber, which is entered from
the midway landing of the stairs lead
ing from the first to the second floor of
the stable to which the smaller build
ing is attached. The grain is thus
constantly at hand when needed for the
use of the animals, and is easily and
conveniently housed after being
threshed from the straw or husked
from the sfalk.-Country Gentleman.
FACTS FOR DAIRYMEN.
STRICT cleanliness is one of the requi
sites for successful dairying.
'ritE amount of fat which a cowV gives
is the test of her value in the dairy.
THE neatness of the package has
much to do with the selling price of
butter.
TEST the cows in the dairy herd.
Some of them are not paying for their
keep and should be disposed of.
TI.E dairy cow will not give some
thing for nothing. You must feed her
well to get good returns in milk and
butter.
lr is said that the milk sugar con
tained in a hundred pounds of average
milk would bring more money on the
market than the butter it contains As
yet there has been no cheap method dis
coveredof extracting it.
THE commercial creamery is the out
growth of a demand for a better and
more uniform grade of butter. Many
of the private dairies produce first-class.
butter and h:ve not suffered from the
establishment of creameries.-Orange
Judd Farmer.
Arkansas Wants Road.
It is a question of roads or no roadsl
with us. \Vlhether we shall go as we
have been doing for fifty years, or
awaken with new-born energy and de
termination and build the roads. Mean
while let us always bear in mind that.
it takes money to make roadas--titi
nko (Ark.) Onanonq