T LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME L LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1893. NUMBER 23.
" " - ll •· '1 •· · N I • I· 1· Ill 1 ill Imi I I • ll lmll . . . . . . . il , . •- lllg
FARM AND GARDEN.
FAIR ROAD TAXES.
president astes Oms e som em sa Area
ments on the sJageet.
I have observed in various papers
complaints by farmers that bicycle men
all advocate better roads, but bicycle
men propose to make the farmers pay
for the roads. Hence some farmers pro
pose to tax bicycles and apply the pro
ceeds to making better roads.
, If roads are to be made by taxing
those who ride over them no bicycle
man will object. But such Ma tax must
necessarily be a special tax, like the
toll taken on toll roads. And the only
fair tax of -that sort is by. taking toll,
so that the user of the road pays exact
ly for so much as he uses. It must be a
toll tax on aRl vehicles, and all beasts,
and all pedestrians. If one is taxed
for rsing the road, all road users must
be taxed alike. Beside, the tax ought
to fall heaviest on those who most
damage the road by using it. A bi
cycle does not damage the road at all;
a laden wagon does. So does a horse's
hoof, or that of any hoofed beast.
Further, the law should make a fair
distinction in the object and result of
road use. The farmer uses the road
and damages it to make money for him
self. So does every business teamster.
They get a benefit in actual money
gain from every good road. The
cyclist, uses the road solely for enjoy
ment. lie makes no gain from it, and
it would manifestly be unjust to levy a
special tax on him. Now, cyclers do
not desire good roads at the expense of
the farmer. Bicycle advocates of good
roads are generally in favor of the
adoption of the county system of road
taxation and management. Under the
county system the whole county is
made one single road district and the
entire property of the county is taxed
equally for the highway fund. This
makes the heaviest cost fall upon cities
and villages and not upon the farmer.
The justification of such a law is that
good roads benefit everybody who owns
property, whether they all use the road
or not. The merchant of the village,
the man u ho owns a house or lot in
the city, equally with the farmer-all
have the value of their property and
business increased by good roads In
the orange district, where several mil
lions of dollars have been spent in the
last ten years making good roads, the
official records of the county show that
the value of the property of the whole
county has more than quadrupled with
in the last eight years owing to these
The to'al yearly road tax amounts to more
than a hundred and twenty million dollars!
And these are the roads we get for our money.
Scene ti the suburbs of Philadelphia in the
spring et I891. Drawn from photograph.
road implrvements, while the value of
the property directly along the lines of
the good roads has increased over six
times.
The official records always show the
same extrurdinary increase in the val
ues of property, wherever good roads
have been constructed. And this is also
noticed: F'armers always resist and
complain b6fore the good roads are con
structed; btlt, after the roads are made,
they are the strongest supporters of
the new system. Nothing could induce
them to go back to the old condition;
and the complainers and resisters are
therepfter confined to city and village
* hang oacks. In Michigan we have one
county thtat, in spite of resistance by
faxmers, gat the privilege, by special
act c.f the lagislature, of spending $100,
000 for stone roads. They spent the
money an'1 the supreme court of
the state rronounced the act unconsti
tutional, w'ad then up rose the farmers,
?.,",ing be'n convinced by once trying
tte -effect o-f so much good road, and
joined in a strong petition to have the
state cons litution amended so that their
county might be permitted to bond it
nelf for more hundred thousand dollar
good road expenditures! Meanwhile
those farmers who got the benefit of
the first hundred thousand dollars'
worth of good roads "cut swells" and
chuclkled: "Don't you wish you could
get it?" over the farmers not on those
roads.
Well they may, since the official valua
tions prdve that lands along these roads
have enhanced in value more than
dou.ble any other farm lands in the
county.-President Bates, in Chicago
Bearings.
A Few Hints About Churning.
A gild edge butter-maker says it is
not necessary to the good quality of
butter that the cream be churned every
day. Three times a week in summer
and twice in winter will do, provided
the following~points are observed: Not
to let the milk stand longer than twen
ty-four hours in summer, or thirty-six
in winter, without skimming. All the
best cream for butter will rise in that
time: and keep better removed from
milk than on it. Put the cream in a
bright tin bucket. kept for the purpose.
Tin may be cleaned more perfectly
than either wood or earthenware. The
- cream should be well stirred each time
an nrddition is made to it, and should
stand after the last cream is added, at
least twt hours in summer and four in
winter, before churning, to allow uni
form ripening and souring to take
place.-N. W. Tribune.
Tm b~y3~ sahould be. tught early how
- - ~ ruit-aa6ihpkytll ow to grow
--~ ~ . :
FRUIT FARM SHED.
Oe That lsan Se Moved About Without
Mueh Labor.
A shanty or temporary shed is a no
cessity on any fruit farm where the
berries are any distance from the house,
and I shall build one this spring that
can be moved from place to place with
a minimum of labor. The illnutration
shows a croses-section of the pro
posed shed. It is 6 feet wide, 6 feet at
the eaves, and S at the other side. It is
to be 12 feet long, and there will be
four studs on each of the two sides, -
and b. The studs are 2x4 inches, and
three girts will be put into the studs of
either side The girts will also be 2x4,
but placed broadside to the weather
boarding. The side girts will project
at either end two inches, to come flush
with the end rafters and sills, which
are outside of the corner studs. The
two middle studs will have a rafter and
sill on each side, to give additional
strength. The rafters and sills will be
bolted to the studs, so that they may
be takeH apart, and leave the roof,
sides and floor each by itself, and these
will be light enough so that they can
easily be loaded onto the top of a lum
ber wagon and moved where wanted
and set up again. The ends will be in
two sections of 8 feet wide.,l the one
on the side next the eaves will hang on
hook hinges so as to open for a door.
This shed can also be furnished with
--
e e
A USEFUL S11ED.
two rude runners, as shown at e e, and
drawn from place to place as needed.
without taking down. The space
above the side-girts, between the raf
ters, is to be left open for air and light.
The dotted lines represent a board s ;st
placed high enough so berry crates car
be set beneath, and.the dotted lines at
g are berry crates stacked up. Forty
eight bushel crates, or six long, four
high, and two wide, can be stored here,
and six or more Sander the seat, while
about a dozen pickers or more can dud
shelter from a sudden shower at the
same time. This shed can be used in
the berry patch, then in the peach, pear
and apple orchard, and then be moved
to the dooryard to shelteowood, k.-
dlings, corn or tools, during the eight
inclement months.-L. I. Pierce, Ohio,
in American Gardening.
NEW SECRET DISCOVERED.
This Time It's an Invention for Matina
Butter Without Churning.
It is reported that the butter secret
has been discovered. Dr. Vaughn is
the man who is credited with having
found it, and it is regarded in scientlfic
circles as perhaps the greatest of his
discoveries. The thing that he is repre
sented to have got at is the alkalcid
which, being created in milk or cream
by churning, produces butter. Dr.
Vaughn, it seems, takes a can of
fresh milk, drops in some alkaloid, and
presently dips out the fully-develared
butter without further ado. It is .ot
oleomargarine, or any illegal-unlils
labeled substitute. but real butter.
Here, says Harper's Weekly, is on
other step taken toward the millennial
period when man will press the button
and nature will do the rest. Dr.
Vaughn does away with the ch,.rns,
the next inventor may be expected to
abolish cows. Give him a pail of rain
water and he juggles something into it
and you get back real milk. Then an
ounce or two of alkaloid, and lo, but
ter! and all the milkmen and dairy
maids are is search of new employment.
There is something disconcerting
about these discoveries, for all theCr
usefulness. TWhere are they going to
stop, and what is to become of the
working people when all the work das
itself? Next we may hear that soni
meddling investigator has discovered
the secret of literary style, so that by
the adjustment of a simple appliance to
a printing press raw facts may be ted
in at one end, and literature cut off at
the other in lengths and of qualities to
suit the market. This is a more te-ri
fying possibility than even that all the
Harvard undergraduates should become
proficient writers. It remains for man
kind to hope that when it ceases to be
possible for the multitude to make .
living on earth, the secret of living
without food may come out, or the per
fection of flying machines, or some
thing, may provide means of immigra
tion to other spheres.
CONTROLLING A BULL.
A Devlee That Should Find a Place on
Mr. 31. H. C. Gardner, of Orange
county, N. Y., sends to the Rural New
Yorker a sketch of the device shown in
cut for exercising a bull so that he may
takehis "'walks abroad" with perfec;
safety to the other members of the
family. A stout wire is securely fas
THE BULL TAKEBS A WALK.
tened from two convenient points-
from the barn to a tree as in the
picture or from one corner of the barn
yard to another. A pulley rurs on this
with a small chain fastened to the bull's
nose-ring. He can thus walk baclk sani
fprlh and s atSl held secuely.
.3. -·''·'' "
HOMEMADE BOOKCASE.
Pollow Dlreetion and the Result
Will Be Admirable.
a Cam That Aabrds Two Ample Shelves
for the Orderly Amrrangemet of
Boeeks and a Crtain to swcreen
Them from Duet.
Good books are very welcome com
panions in every household, and in or
der to preserve their respectable ap
pearance they should have good care.
The sketch given shows a design for a
bookcase, unique in style and easily
1I ... I -/
I 'N
I o
DIM2ENSIONS OF THE PARTS.
constructed, by aid of the accompany
ing diagrams. This case affords two
ample shelves for the orderly arrange
ment of books and a curtain to screen
them from too much light and dust.
Below is a long, deep pocket, framed in
to contain newspapers or periodicals.
This space may be divided by a middle
partition if desirable.
Above the book shelves is a third
shelf shut in by the slanting cover,
which is hinged at the top and will in
close a few back numbers or other ar
ticles which require such an out of the
way receptacle.
To construct this inexpensive case
of soft wood boards is an easy matter.
The sides are made of two boards, 8
inches wide, sawed out as in the dia
gram, being 87 inches long at the back
and having the front corners cut
down to twenty-four inches in length
in front. Between these, at the
points indicated by the dotted
lines, fasten the three shelves, 8 by 24
inches. For the back at the top take
a board 11 by 24 inches and at one side
saw off the angles, tapering from the
middle of the side so that the ends
are but eight inches wide, and, placing
this board above the top shelf at the
back,- nail it in place along the side.
For the bottom saw outa board like the
top, except that the width is 14 inches
in the center and 11 inches at the ends;
fasten in this back below the bot
THE FINISHED DOOKdASE.
tom shelf and nail on across the slant
ing front edges of the sides a piece of
board 10 by 254 inches. At the top a
cover of the same size is hinged on to
the back board. Imitation panels of
veneer may be glued on as in the cut.
To complete the work bore small
holes in the sides just below the upper
shelf, run a brass rod through and
suspend a curtain across the front
from this rod; the back of the book
shelves may be open against the wall,
to which the case is fastened firmly
with strong screws after it is stained
and varnished.-N. Y. Herald.
Pancy Jewelry All the Rag.
The rage for fancy jewelry is on the
increase. Flower and animal forms
are still highly favored. All sorts of
wild flowers are chosen for lace pins,
hair ornaments and small buckles;
sprays of valley lilies, single blossoms
of hawthorn, pimpernel, chickweed,
speedwell, geranium and heather, in
gold or silver set with gems. A row of
daisies, alternately frosted gold with
a pehrl heart, or with diamond chips,
clustered on bilver, make pretty
brooches and bangles. Flowers are
also combined with insects; for in
stance, a tiny bulrush in diamonds
perched upon a twig of holly in
enamel; a spider, with an opal-gray
pearl of Labrador stone for his body,
is clinging with his many diamondaet
legs to a golden leaf. The newest
thing in single flowers is the bee
orchid and the narcissus. The former
may have its purse-like cup covered
with little sapphires, and the petals in
diamefias, or vice versa The narcissus
is in plain burnished gold with a bril
liant in its center, or in diamonds and
topaes.
One Wonmn's emar.
mIrs. Outsidce-GraciousI how that
drunken man scared me!
MLrs. Candidde-That's strange, my
deer, considering that your own hus
band is that way six nights out of the
saevo.-T-'ulnth.
PRETTY WORK BASKET.
kmthtlag Whch h a ngeaieous Boy Can
Easily Construct.
There are many home conveniences
that a boy can make in his snare time
which will please his mother, make his
big sisters proud of his abilities, and
at the same time give him practical
experience in mechanical work. The
design submitted gives simple details
for the construction of a basket' for
holding feminine work or photographs
that can easily be made with a small
saw and gimlet. The material used
may be holly or any compact nice
looking wood that suits the taste; a
quarter inch board thirty inches long
and twelve inches wide will be suffi
cient to construct one of these ba
kets.
On one end of the board, with a com
pass or pencil and string, draw the
dotted circle and the included hexa
gon for a bottom to the basket. Any
one can do this easily and accurately
by using the same radius length of
string or spread of compass. To di
vide off the circumference of the
dotted circle into six equal parts and
connect these points by the boundary
sides forming the hexagon, with a small
gimlet bore holes in the middle of each
side and one on each side ot the center
for the sides and middle piece; meas
ure the height on the dotted center
lines, draw the parallel top and bot
tom lines and lay off the widths on
either side of the center as indicated.
A handle may be made by sawing out
an oval place in the middle partition;
bore holes in the corners and one in
"the middle of the bottom of each board,
smoothing dowvn the work with fine
sandpaper or glass.
To fasten these parts together five
yards of inch wide satin ribbon will be
plenty. To decorate according to design
given, take a piece of ribbon and draw
one end thi ough a middle bottom hole
in a side piece; 'then separate the ends
and carry up an end to each up
per corner, where it meets a similar
ribbon from the next side, and doub
I
PARTS AND COMPLETED BASKET.
ling upon it through the corner holes
is tied in a bowknot outside the basket.
A ribbon is passed around the inside
interlooping the corner perforations at
the base, and a knot in the center holds
the partition firmly. A plain holly
wood basket, with violet, pink or
blue ribbons, will look very pretty, as
the panels may be decorated with
painted flower sprays if desirable.--N-.
Y. Haald.
SUMMER BEVERAGES.
Directions for Prepsring a Numbft of
Delicious iced Drinks.
The secret of delicious summer bev
erages is their iciness. They be un
wholesome in their frigidity, but in
th"s way only their "true virtue lies."
Iced tea and coffee are probably the
least injurious of summer drinks. To
prepare the former pour a cup of fresh
ly-boiled and boiling water over three
teaspoonfuls of tea, set to steep, when
add one quart of freshly-boiled water.
Five minutes later strain into an
earthen jug, and when cool--not luke
warm--add one or two large pieces of ice.
Serve with a large quantity of finely
chopped ice, granulated sugar and
thin slices of lemon. If iced coffee be
desired make a fresh pot of very strong
coffee, and when cold serve with large
quantities of ice and sugar; cream is
but seldom used.
ICED LEMONADE.-Cut three lemons
into halves, remove the seeds and
squeeze into a large jug. Add what
ever quantity of sugar you desire, a
large quantity of ice and one quart of
water. Stir thoroughly and serve in
tumblers, the edges of whose rims
have been wet from the squeezed
lemon halves and afterward inverted
into a bowl of pulverized or granulated
sugar. Limeade or orangeade may be
made in the same way, allowing three
limes or three oranges to the quart of
water.
STRAWaBERRY SQHFRBiET. - Mash to
smooth paste one quart of fresh berries,
to which add the juice of one lemon
and three pints of water. Let it stand
for three hours, when strain it into
three-quarters of a pound of white
sugar. Stir until the sugar is thor
oughly dissolved, when strain a second
time; and keep in ice for a few hours
before using.
CURRENT Smn-.--.MNash currants suf
flcient to give a quart of liquor, first
through a coarse sieve and then
through a muslin bag, and to this add
one quart of water, and sugar to taste.
Strain after the sugar is dissolved and
ice well before drinking.
RsrPBnERRY VIxiEOAR.-PoUr a quart
of good cider-vinegar over two quarts
of raspberries, and after covering
closely set aside for forty-eight hours.
At the end of tls time drain the liquid
and pour it over a third quart of ber
ries and set aside for another forty
eight hours. Strain through a muslin
bag, and to every pint of liquor add
one pound of sugar. boil slowly for
-lve minutes, remove the scum, let cool
for fifteen minutes and bottle. A ta
blespoonful of this, added to a glass of
iced water, makes a most refreshing
drink. .ilackberry and strawberry
vinegarsare made in the same manner.
-Florence Wilson, ia Ladies' Home
mJounL'
neterelegieasl rtem.
Mr. Manhattan Beach-There is
something in these weather predictions.
after alL
Mr. Murray Hill-As a general thing
they are failures.
Mr. Manhattan Beach --Yes, but
windy and blustering weather was
predicted for to-day, and here is a tel
egram from your mother saying she
will be here on the afternoon trin.
Texas Sifting.
What a Pityl
Doctor (who had been married to a
widow)-You see, wifey, dear, I have
pulled my patient through, after all; a
very critical case, I can tell you.
Wife-Yes, hubby; but, then, you
are so clever in your profession. Ahl
if I had only known you five years
earlier. I feel certain my first hds
band, my poor Thomas, would have
been saved.-Boston Globe.
A Blessing in Disguise.
Carrie Lamode-So we're not going
to have crinoline, after alL What a
pity we were all so wrought up about
it !
May Saver-I don't think it's a pity
at alL Papa bought me the material
for two new gowns, and now I can
have six made out of it.-Puck.
Reason Enough.
"One thing more," said Mrs. McBride
to the applicant for a place, after other
details had been arranged satisfactori
ly. "Why did you leave your last
place?"
"The woman of the house wanted
three evenings out a week," was the
satisfactory reply.-Judge.
Discreet.
Mrs. Meadow (at city hotel) - Oool
There's a fly in this soup.
3Mr. Meadow (who has traveled some)
-Hush, Miranda, don't speak so loud.
No use exposin' our ignorance. This
tarnal bill of fare is in French, and
mebby we ordered fly soup.-Life.
A Fit Substitute.
"Do you think travel broadens the
mind?" asked Barker at the club.
"It depends on the mind," replied
Warren. "I think a glove-stretcher
would do quite as well for Chappie
Bronson's, for instance." - Harper's
Bazar.
A Queer Order.
Mother-Johnnie, your father went
trouting this morning., Go down to
the fish market, and when he arrives
there tell him to get a codfish instead
of the trout, as to-morrow is Friday.
and I expect company.-N. Y. Press.
RUINOUS.
--1 o
The Housewife-Bridget, I smell gas
leaking. Do you suppose it comes from
the hall burner?
Bridget (after a sniff)-Lakin', is it?
Bad luck to it! It'll be all over the
new carpet. (Hastens for the mop.)
Puck.
It Depended.
With a view to giving a perform
ance in the evening the manager of
the traveling dramatic company was
inspecting the building called by the
enterprising Arizona proprietor an
opera house.
"Yes, it's large enough," he said,
"and the lighting arrangements seem
to be about right, but it hasn't exits
enough. In case of a sudden alarm
there would be a crush. Did you ever
try to find out how long it takes to
empty the hall?"
"You bet I have!" answered the pro
prietor. "A dog fight on the outside
will empty the buildin' in twenty
seven seconds by the watch."-Chicago
Tribune.
Where the Goods Went.
Mrs. Kerstyle-I gave you more ma
terial to make this dress than I ever
used in a garmentbefore and the skirt
is hardly full enough to fit a churn.
How does that happen?
Dressmaker (shrugging her shoul
ders)-Madame inseested on having re
sleeves in ze height of ze fashong.
Demorest's Magazine.
ABSENCE OW MIND.
They passed Just at the crossng's brin.
Said she: "We must turn back. I think."
She eyes the mud. He sees her shrink,
Yet does not falter,
But recollects with fatal tset
That cloek upon his arm-in fact
Resolves to do the courtly act
Of good Sir Walter.
Why is it that she makes no soau.
Staring aghast as on the ground
He Pys the cloak with how profoued?
Her utterance chokes her.
She stands as petrlfled, until,
Her voice regained, in accents chill
She gasps: ":'ri thank you if (yesW
Peck up mys ioea, sir!"
--Oliver Berford, in Harper's Mgaata
Didn't Want Ilml to Starve.
Doctor-You muetn't eait too much,
Patient-Why, I board.
"Do you? Then eat S yoq can." -
Iath
A RECORD OF INFAMY.
The Pealoan Polley of the IHarrlase Adb
minietratioa.
The letter addressed to the president
of the LMaited States by a former em
ploye of the pension bureau gives a
clearer view than anything before pub
lished of the infamous record of our
pension administration under Commis
sioners Tanner and Raum. The outcry
against Tanner's recklessness was due
to his outspoken candor, and it led to
his withdrawal from office, but his suc
cessor was even more reckless and un
scrupulous, and the new law of 1890
gave him greater scope. The main dif
ference was that where Tanner was
open and brazen in declaring his poli
cy, Raum was crafty and secretive in
carrying out the same policy with in
creased opportunities.
The value of Mr. Burnett's testimony
lies in his citing actual cases and testi
fying from absolute personal knowl
edge. After having been years in the
service of the pension bureau as clerk,
special examiner, supervising examiner,
and reviewer of field work, he finally
gave up his place rather than be longer
a party to the fraud and extravagance
that saturated the administration of
the bureau. Before taking this course
he gathered facts sufficient to justify
It and to enable him to reveal what had
been going on about him whenever the
administration might become friendly
to efforts at reform.
It appears very clearly from this rev
elation that the policy of the last ad
ministration was to put as many names
as possible upon the pension rolls, and
to scatter from the treasury of the
United States as much money as possi
ble among claimants for pensions. This
seems to have been the deliberate pur
pose of Gen. Raum, and it must have
been in pursuance of an understood
policy of his superiors. It was evident
ly part and parcel of a party policy,
which included at once the buying up
of the "soldier vote" and the dissipa
tion of the revenues of the country so
that a reform tariff would be difficult
if not impossible. l-t was in keeping
with the whole spirit of the Fifty-first
congress, which passed the McKinley
tariff, the Sherman silver purchase act,
and the disability pension act.
Mr. Burnett's cases are merely sam
ples, and represent thousands upon
thousands. They show that pensions
were granted for disability where no
proof of disability was furnished and
in the face of adverse reports from the
examiners. Disabilities were credited
to service which were proved to have
had their origin before enlistment or
long after discharge. The record of
"desertion" was changed to "honora
ble discharge" in thousands of cases,
and pensions were granted to "'bounty
jumpers" and sneaks. Evidence shown
to be forged or fraudulent was accept
ed, and the proviso of the law regard
ing disabilities caused by the applicants'
own vicious habits was practically ig
nored. The pension rolls are befouled
with the names of hundreds of men
who receive the bounty of the govern
ment on account of loathsome diseases
due to their own vices.
In short, it was impressed upon the
force of the pension bureau from the
-commissioner through all the grades
that the object was not careful scru
tiny, a strict compliance with t'hc law,
and the protection of the public treas
ury from fraud and extravagance, but
the passing of as many claims as possi
ble in the speediest fashion. If exami
ners were disposed to be scrupulous
they were overruled, but for the most
part they were induced to conform to
the expectations and requirements of
their superior oflicers. The action of
congress in providing for pensions has
been lavish, but the conduct of the
pension bureau under Commissioner
Raum was infamous in its recklessness,
and it is costing the government proba
bly not lcss than fifty million dollars
a year.
All this will doubtless be stopped un
der the present administration, but
that is not enough. The mischief
should be undone so far as it is now pos
sible. The service of the pension bu
reau should be completely reformed.
and the pension rolls should be purged.
Mr. Burnett makes some practical sug
gestions on this subject, which may be
of valuo,to the government. He thinks
that within a year the whole one mil
lion claims could be overhauled and
those eliminated which are L founded in
fraud, false representations, and disre
gard of legal requirements. The na
tional administration is overburdened
with the heritage of the iniquities of
the four years of Saturnalia that pre
ceded it at WVashington.-N. Y. Times
M'KINLEY'S" MISTAKES.
An Erroneous Statement Concerning the
Gold Iteserve.
McKinley touched high-water mark
for combined ignorance and effrontery
when he said in his speech at Columbus
that "Mr. Cleveland in his first admin
istration set apart as a sacred fund to
redeem the greenbacks the one hundred
million dollar gold reserve." .He
varied the phrase several times, saying
that "M'r. Cleveland fixed that sum,"
"he himself established the hundred
million line," etc. The simple truth
is that the secretary of the treasury
began the practice of maintaining at
least one hundred million dollars, "re
served for the redemption of United
States notes," under the act of July 12,
1882. It was a republican congress
that passed it, and the particular sec
tion creating the gold reserve was the
subject of special debate when it came
back to the house from the senate.
Messrs. Randsadsll, Holman, Buckner and
other democrats objected to it, but the
republicans generally sustained it, and
among those who voted for it was Mc
Kinley himself (Congressional Record,
Forty-seventh congress, first session,
volume 8, page 5,852). We therefore
trust that the governor will not again
attempt to make this little addition to
his dear old speeh which every marCn,
woman and child in Ohio now a
by heart-N. Y. Post .
- It is too early to hold the demb
ersts responale for the ills of the
country arising under conittions un
oha~nged since the republicans surren
derea power,-PhiladelpRhi Leader
(fiad ReaL
THE PLUTOCRATIC )RALLY.
Raefeetual t.brts St MUlieatrs to Cem
trol the Demoratie P*ty.
The question in this country whics
involves all other questions ir whether
it shall be governed by its ff,i00,6,0
people or by the few thousand pluf
crats who own the bulk of ts .wealth
and who, by virtue of such ownership,
claim the right to rule.
That was the question in 1890 and
again in 1892,.when the people rose,
and,as they thought,shook off theyoke.
That is the question now when the
plutocracy has rallied and has massed
its forces to snatch victory from de
feat.
That will be the question; the
sovereignty of the people is 'rindited
and democracy is asserted against plu
tocracy.
The millionaires of America are
moved by a strange infatuation to be
lieve that their money is omnipotent.
They had no sooner seen that they were
routed by the onslaught of the masses
of the democratic party than they set to
work in the democratic party itself to
capture control ofo the organization
which had been soused against them as
to show how formidable it is to unjust
privilege.
They will never succeed and they are
only making it worse for themselves
at the final settlement, but they are
now in high feather at their imagined
success.
After the magnificent work which
carried Illinois and Wisconsin for the
democratic party and wrenched the en
tire west loose from its subjection to
the plutocracy, the democratic party
had within easy reach a half century of
power as it had after the defeat of the
federalists under Adams. Seeing this,
the plutocrats set to work to undo what
had been done by assuming control as
democratic leaders. The country then
learned for the first time that Mr.
Henry Villard was a democrat, and the
democrats of the country were humili
ated to the dust by the spectacle of Pa
cific railroad lobbyists, attorneys and
other dependents taking charge of the'
party in the northwest and pushing for
ward for recognition as cabinet officers
and dispensers of patronage. And with
this came the still more bitter humilia
tion of the capture of the Wisconsin
senatorship by a nobody, a mere mil
lionaire who had never demonstrated
capacity except for getting unearned
money. When this person was elected
against a democrat of national repute
tion, who is honest enough and brave
enough to be poor, there was not a
democrat who saw what was done but
felt his cheek crimson with indignant
shame and his hand clinch with resent
ment.
And from that day to this these peo
ple, in their blind fatuity, have gone on
believing that because, by their money
and their influence, they can control an
ambitious and unscrupulous man here
and there and make him betray the
trust the people have put in him, they
can control the people and check the
forward movement of the mighty de
mocracy.
They will never do it. They are fool
ish in attempting it. The people have
made up their minds that they will re
store a government of equal rights, in
which the rights oE persons and the
rights of property shall be guarded
with all the power of the people; in
which the right of a man to hold and to
enjoy his own earnings shall not be im
paired by lawns which take the earn
ings of a million to make a millionaire
of one. The people have set their minds
on that and nothing will deter them.
St. Louis Ilepublic.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
-The republicans now claim that the
tariff lowers prices. Is that why they
want farm products "protected" by the
tariff?-St. Louis Republic.
- As the republicans will "stand
by their record," the campaign badge
will perhaps be a clothespin, worn on
the nose.--Cleveland Plain Dealer.
-It is said Mr. Harrison is laying
plans for the presidency in 1896. He
laid a few plans in 1892, but up to date
they have not been carried out.-Kansas
City Times.
-The republican critics of the demo
ocratic administration are emulating
the example of the individuals who set
fire fo a buihling and then hoot the
firemen.-N. Y. World.
- Ex-Czar Reed is enjoying the
somewhat doubtful honor of being
"mentioned" for the next presidential
nomination of his party. Thomas, how
ever, knows enough to keep from get
ting wet during a shower if shelter is
at hand, and, like b'rer rabbit, he "ain't
a-sayin' nothin'."-Chicago Herald.
- -The great trouble in respect of
reforming the pension office is that hon
est and patriotic soldiers are unwilling
to believe that any man who fought for
the union can be such a rascal as Raum
was. But they will know the truth
soon, and then there will be music in
the camp of the grand army.-N. Y.
World.
-McKinley cannot win this year,
nor at any time in the future, with his
face to the past. He must turn right
about and get abreast of the times.
The rephblican party of to-day needs
.earnest, intelligent, aggressive and
courageous leadership. Itcannot afiLard
to sit around the idols of former days.
mumbling the shibboleth of departed
leaders.--PhiladelphisTelegraph (Rep.)
-McKinley talked finance, tbo*
he did not know enough about the sab
ject to keep a fortune when he had one,
and the only other man prominently
considered for the governorship, bet9o
the convention acted, was ex-Seeretary
Foster, who made a mess of hisaduties
at Washington and signally failed in
the management of his own baars.
Ohio is a great stats.-Detroit Fhr o
Press.
-Let's see, wMasn't it Gov. Ela
ley who two or three weeks ago s
ly rebuked those people who
anke political capitav'oeof t
-ing fancial situatio And
this oame Goy. McKinleyh
renomination last wee1kw
half of his peech to
a* W