stoTrro F . nrIrTox. Si
L OF THIlS PARISH. 
.- d .at the L.a, yit-a. Post-Oce as Second t
Ip.A gentle:n. of ts t own, who
.. Slua naP.v,".AvýuusT -24, 1895. sc
All o ner oa pesosi aare. wil be
ine arts, remarked the this pa
rerect. eta. s ceata- s line.: - an
that he s wiling toinment b ls.e t to to x
ayor a line obitzpatrick will vetoof ten line or bill free
of the City Council appropriatingh
.in the recent impeachment suit. In t,
A gentlemit of this town, who
looks upon poliosas one. the
fienearts, remarkysed the ordi daythe
that he is willing to bet to to i
Mayor Ftzpatrick will veto the billus
tof the City Council appropriatinot
smooo to pay the expenses incurred
,inthe recent impeachmentsurt. In ti
that case John Fitzpatrick will pose p
as the-greatest tiot of these de- s1
of ogeneur white ps,eople favording to the lt
Amris rpeople a prarertical illus
tration of the most genuine patriot
ismsince the istime when Georgeaimity of
douasbtington refused a third term.
ment erily believe that nine-tenths c
of our white people favor the free t:
and independent coinage of silver. c
Fnot this reason one rarerly hears a c
discusfavor sion of the monetary question.hall be
Where there is such an unanimity ofrat
seatinent there does not appear to
be any cause for agitation. And o
ware will state, for the benefit of 1
doubting Thones ases, that this senti
ment is not liely to die out, - cer-says
tainly not before the next congress- t
ional and presidential election, and I
not then unless the silovement in
favorof thpuerile white metal shall be are pub
suacess 'al.-Manisfield Democrat- 1
Journal.
Weretract what we said abour outnd
oneyrural contemporaries not quot
ingream Jones as liberally as form
soerly. Samisr repragoldbug and saysprint
sonlyme hard things of the silver men.
These puerile efforts at wit are pub
lished by some of our "sound
ney"ither contemporaries with ause
of geateal of gusto, under the im-lver.
Thpressiohat they are injvocate urng -the
causeof the white metal. But not
so. Their reproduction in print
only enables the silver men to size
up the mental caliber of the afore
saideditorsto its true value and
neither allkes friends for the cause
ofgold, nor injures that of silver.
The true adttemptvocate of silver ould
ratherhave ashis motto, "neutral
in all things; independent in noth
inroadsg," than to draw inspiration from
such- a saurce as the Reverand
Joodes oadMansfie means Democrat-Joyedr
ema.
SCorrect brother. The gcan maolke thbugs
can have all the converts they can
make by othe publication of the
Thcoarse attempts at wit of such a
person as Sam Jones.
Some of our rural contempor
aries urge the importance of good
roads in their sections. These edi
tors had as well sing psalms to a
dead mule as to endeavor to secure
good roads by the means employed.
So long as the roads are not abso
lmore weight tha n your true Louis
Kansdon't care. He canwmake the
trip, anot he doesn't care a red
whether other people can or not.
Mansfield Democrat-Journal.
The Gazette came to the above
conclusion someseverely time ago. As
long as the people don't take up this
question of good roads there wisal be
nothing done. No amount of
newspaper talk will accomplish any
thing. It's all right if an editor
aboatutes n of Kentucky provides
Sroads, -but h must not believe that
his opinion on the matter day, shall be
inmore weightless than oa feather in amore
thIansas cylone. Ineach othffense. A bar-ds if
reeper was c onvicted and fined un-gh
hisder the leaw and appealed qu.to thes
A.ide that h is conviction ftomwas uen
a cky is to the effect thiscrminated against hisal
opening of bar-ron not under a gener sal
is usittti ione same penal sectiones upot
znyery onpeson who arried on his busi
q.r. s o"n Sunday or Under this debar
Oon s in Kentucky on Sunday, l forl be
ed not heldess that the possessionre
thde for each offegainst prosecution. A bar
Sder the law foran appeabiddingle the sale of
" Cout of', .ppeal, which has de-.
b
Leithe the Space norI
the in nation to reply tofall the ,[l
long-vwindcd and belabored -iirticle, di
signed "''Tompkins;" an anonymous
writer in The Creole-American. In ws
our last issue we asked "Tompkins" H
to show wherein the Police Jurors Q
of this parish had been "jumping ro
jacks." We said nothing of a per- cr
sonal nature against anyone, but ag
simply challenged "Tompkins" to ilk
prove what he had said. This he la
has not done, but instead of doing th
what he should have done, he makes ,,
additional charges that are abso- I
lutely false. He charges The Ga- we
zette with being "the self-admitted hl
organ of the Police Jury in Lafa- fa
yette," and also of being "the ,
special orgab' of that body, and m
he goes on- F
"And "Tompkins" cannot en
tirely relieve his mind from the im- Io
pression that the "hand" that is
suspected of fawning with the dang
ling piece of twine, is the same one
that has bravely dashed forward to a
defend its own." a
As the meaning of the above is s1
rather obscure and somewhat vague, ti
perhaps "Tompkins" is (as in his a
charges against the Police Jury) n
trying to make us mad. In that tl
case he deserves to be treated with I
L contempt; but if he means that The p
Gazette is run by the Police Jury or h
f any other set of men, or by any in- r
) dividual, other than its editor, he is 1
i guilty of a deliberate and infamous I
f lie. t
This paper has never been, s
- it is not, and will never be t
- the organ or mouth-piece of any r
I body of men or of any indi- v
1 vidual, as long as it is under the A
a management of the present editor. i
- We write our own editorials and do
not go to "Tompkins" or to any- c
t body else to write them for us, and I
whatever appears in our columns s
- are the views and honest convic- c
s tions of the editor. t
The immaculate "Tompkins i
3 says irt his last grievance: "' 'Tomp- I
a kins" wants it clearly understood <
- that, by nature, it is impossible for
e him to lower himself to that plane i
in life where reason and principle
e become subservient to hatred and
prejudice, and does not intend that
3 any strictures he may inflict on any
e servant of the public, as such, shall
be corttrued into anything of a
J personal nature."
If "T'ompkins" wishes the pcople
n to know whether he has a low or
d high nature let him show his hand.
- Let him sign his name and not at
,s tempt to injure this paper by making
baseless charges under cover of a
fictitious name. If he is the broad
minded, high-toned, chivalrous gen
tleman whose sole aim is the "public
good," why does he seek to shirk
r- the responsibility of his actions.
Let him give his name to the public
a and thereby unfold to the gaze of the
re multitude his manifold virtues, his
I. disinterested patriotism, his un
- blemished record, and sterling in
tegrity. The people should know
d tlis great friend of their's. Patriots
- are scarce these days, and if we
have one in our community, he
'e should be known. This man with
,s such a pure nature, this relentless
is foe to corruption and enemy to de
)e relict officials should uncover his
of head that Lafayette citizens may
y- know him.
or This ntw aro;tle f Parkhurstian
te ism should disclose his illustrious
te cognomen so that it may be handed
at down to posterity as the embodi
Ce ment of all that is pure and mag
a nanimous. B3ut, alas! it might tell
if another tale.
It is rich; it xis really refieshing
to hear some men who have been
repeatedly elected to office, and are
n- now holding office, abusing ballot
al box stuffers as the most unmiti
he gated lot of villains outsidz the
le walls of the penitentiary. Some of
ay these men who have been the sole
ot beneficiaries of these very wicked
es and corrupt men, are posing as
li- purists and are loudly clamoring
tr- for ballot-reform-a pure ballot
be and fair count. Notwithstanding
re this pretended change of heart we
r- have not yet heard of one of these
n- receivers of stolen goods tending
he his resignation and returning his ill
le- gotten gains to the State and people
n- from where they were, according to
er his logic, wrongfully taken. MXany
is of these same fellows are agitir can
-al didates for oflice and wvouthlbe glad
on to get in by any means-fair or
si- foul.
le Ingratitude is the basest :.offense
ir- of which anyone can be guilty, and
or it is only t" e ingrate who roundly
on denounces his benefactor or curses
li- the bridge which has safely carried
on him over the stream.
of In the next election it may be
that thesc vcry wickedl and corrupt
b cot-box stuffets will ren bea
tl e pre-euinen good men ani
,eformers, tgtheirbrrow and sa the
disappoinm t.--Shreveport Judgey yet
One night when Mr. Isaac Reese der
was stopping with me, says M. F. it
Hatch, a prominent merchant of any
Quartermaster, Washington, I heard qui
him groaning. On going to his lar
room I found him suffering from estl
cramp colic. He was in such an 8ge
agony I feared he would die. I hast- roi
ily gave him a dose of Chamber- the
lain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea a'
Remedy. He was soon relieved and the
the first words he uttered were, mu
"what was that stuff you gave me?" and
I informed him. A few days ago
we were talking about his attack and
he said he was never without that tig
remedy now. I have used it in my
family for several years. I know its of
worth and do not hesitate to recom- II
mend it to my friends and customers. wi:
For sale by all druggists. i
.THE A. P. A. Nc
N
Iowa State Register. the
The A. P. A. is an order of vio- 12
lence and against good governme, tlF.
and will sooner or later go to pieces Ji
and the men who were in it wil ea
s spend the rest of their lives trying th
to deny their connections with such
s an order. If there are any good at
) men who have got into this order
t they ought to get out of it at once. W
I The developments in Omaha have
e provel the last straw. There can F.
r henceforth be neither influence nor
- respect for such an organization. fe
s The pendulum is swinging back.
s Religion must be kept out of poli- to
tics; this is the dictum of common ai
sense. It is the constitution and N
e the genius of our government.
y Neither popes nor anti-popes can
i- withstand the principle of the 'v
e American republic. "Hands off,"
is the command of the American
o people to the religionists who woulds
r- dare to lay a hand on the free, non
d partisan, non-sectarian public
is schools; and ':hands off" is the
command of the American people '
to the bigots who would exclude
men from political participation
- Ibecause they believe in one ve:sion
d of the Christian religion, while
)r others believe in another version or
ie in no version. There is no appeal
e possible from these decisions. No
id church and no secret society can
at set them aside. They may mniake
"v a fuss for the time being, but in the:
.11 end the comnmon sense of thei
a American peoplae will ride themt
down and kick them aside as bigots.
e who have harassed liberty and re
or tarded progress.
d.
Lt- The Chicago Inter-Ocean con
tinues to fulminate its gory rant
about lawlessness in the South, and
a its columns are daily filled with
d- pious admonitions to the people of
n- the South about their wickedness,
ic while in the city of Chicago right
rk under the very nose of the Inter-,
Ocean, comes the shocking account
sL. of a brutal murder by his keepers
ic of a lunatic confined in the asylum
he for the insane. TWe admit that oc
tis casionally some of our people do
violate the laws of God and man,
n- but thank God the people of the
n- South have never yet become so de
)w praved as to wantonly murder help
its less lunatics confided to their care
for treatment, nor do they decoy
innocent girls to ruin in order that
be they might murder them and collect
ti the insurance on their lives, both of
ass which shocking atrocities have
le- transpire-: very recently in Chicago.
is Our country has a great many in
stitutions that it could be rid of to
ay advantage, but to its credit be it
said that it has so far escal ed the
n- infiction of wife murderers of the
Holmes variety, butchers of poor
ed harmless lunatics and-the Inter
SOcean.-Baton Rouge Advocate.
Fromn the Sugar Cane State to
ell the Golden Gate.
A ride of Three Thousand Five
Hundred Miles (3,500) made in
ng five days in a Pullman Tourist
en Sleeper through the great States of
Ire Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico,
lot Arizona and California, to Portland,
ti- Oregon, with only one change of
cars. This is what the Traveler,
he Sight-seer or Homeseeker can do.
of Sights of mountain grandeur, supe
le rior in vastness to any in the known
ed world, open upon the vision,
changing with kaleidoscopic rapidi
asty from the last beautiful bit of
ng scenery to new ones even more so.
lot The Southern Pacific Railroad is
ng the artery over which the finest trains
tun over the best track of steel rails
in the South, reiching from Gulf to
:se Ocean. Her equipment is modern,
ig her road-bed magnificently ballas
ill red, and her motive power is un
le equalled south of the Ohto river.
to All these qualifications are facts.
Her employes ahway courteous. A
ny trip from "The Land of Sugar Cane,
n- Rice Fields and cotton" to the Pa
ad cific Coast is an education in itself
or never to be regretted. Write for
any information to the nearest rep
resentative of this great system of
se railroads and steamship lines, and
.nd receive in return your question
ly answered, reliable and to the point.
ses Any of our readers contemplating a
led trip will do well to inquire of the
nearest Southe'n Pacific System's
Algents before buying elsewhere.
be S. F. B. Morse, G. P. & T. A.,
tlt New Orlean., La.
_ N~tij, of sLctiona. Go
-- ,l A 13, Sg.
To tl unalified electors residinl within
the corpoate limits o:f the town g1f Lafa
yette, aAi to all whogs it may concern:
NotictSts hereby giten that an election un
der the general election laws of this State
will be held at the court-house of the parish,
in the town of Lafayette on Tuesday Sept.
and, 1895, to be voted at, only by those
qualified to vote under the general election
laws of the. State, and who reside in the
territorial limits of the town of Lafayette as
established at present by act No. 111 of
1869. The following proposition to be tic
voted on at said election, to-wit: Whether
they concur in, consent and accede to the
annexation to the territorial corporate limits la
of the town of Lafayette, to be subject to
the jurisdiction, control and authority of the
municipal authorities of said town as fully
and to all intents and purposes as if the
same had been originally iucluded therein in
by act approved March 1 th 1836 incorpor
ating said town, certain lots or lands con
tiguous and adjacent to the corporate limits
of said town as follows, to-wit: Start
ing at the bridge on the coulee west
of said town, between the properties of ad
Henry Hohorst and Dame Anita Hohorst,
wife of Doctor Franklin J. Mouton, and ge
running from thence along said coulee,
North 86 34 West, a small ash, 33 feet;
North 67 East, a small ash, 36 feet; thence
N- /, E., 300 feet in Hohorst's pasture; St
thence N. 27 34 E., 300 feet; thence N.
1-a Ji East, o70 feet, in cemetery 200 feet; as
thence N. IS E., 389 feet; thence N. :8 ,%
E., Iso feet; going from cemetery to Mrs.
Judice's place, 470 feet; thence N. 7,% W.
Soo feet; thence N. so E. 300 feet to south
east corner of Arthur Greig's property;
r thence N. J3 E., 623 feet to the big ditch, re
1600 feet to public road leading to Scott,
2553 feet to the Louisiana Western railroad,
1 2653 feet to the north side of said railroad;
thence, E. o024 thence South 77 E.
r66o feet to the Morgan railroad (L. N
W. Division) z250 to center of
Morgan road, x760 feet t3 the public road C:
leading to Breaux Bridge, 8I10 feet into Dr.
i F. S. Mudd's field, 3820 feet to the south
west corner of his garden, 3900 S. about 75
feet beyond Dr. Mudd's residence, 4300oo
feet in Dr. Mudd's back lot. Thence south
43 3' E. from Dr. Mudd's to public road
leading to Breaux Bridge, 94o feet to Mu:n
tor Richard's lot, ioSo feet into Crow Gir
ard's property, 179o feet to stake.
n i Therce south 55 degrees west. 70 feet between
Nicho:lson and tochran,, 840 feet to Dowdell. 864
feet to stake. Thence S. 27 W.. 89o feet to Char
gois. 95g feet to red oak (2 eet in diameter); thence
46 'V.. io5o feet to N. E. corner of Roundhouse yard T
152o feet to main line Morgan R. Ry. 182o to 1outon
addition; thence S. e9 - 1414 feet to oak lane. 2650 ti
Seet topublic road leading to Pinhook: Thence N. p
S49 W. following the public road igoo feet to a coulee
itn front of the residence of nt. E. Girard's. Thence
S. 54 W. to S. E, corner of Mr. Girard's yard.
Thence S 76 V. in Mr. Girard's pasture, 1oon feet in b
t Dr. F. Mouton's field. Thence N. 85 V..46a feet an
11oak (a feet in di..mcterl south of Dr. MIouton's barn.
5o0 foeet to a coulee. tlhence following the coulee to
the bridge starting Point N. 1 E. 586 feet. u
. Every property owner voting at
said election is hereby requested to write or cause to
be written his name on the back of his ballot, so that
the result may be readily ascertained, whether a
e ajority in value, as well as in number, of the qual
ified electors voting at said election, have voted in
e favor of annexing and includingthe lots or land afore
said to the territorial corporate limits of said town.
C The electors shall vote by bal
lot and the ballots used at said election shall
11 be of white paper upon which shall be written these
word:--"l'or the proposed annesation" "Against
n the proposed annextoion." trhe votes shall be
counted for or against the proposed annexatiou as
e cast; but in every case when the name of the
voter shall appear on his ballot, the conlmmisioners
)r shall keep a reord of how lie voted opposite his
Sname on the list of names, so as to ascrtai the re- (
sult as to value.
'Tilhe poll shall be opened from the hour of six in
0 the forenoon until seven in the afternoon; it
shall be duty of said commissioners to keep a list of I
n I
Sthe porsns vo -t,' at such polling place, which list
sh.tll he nuntmered from one end to bhe other, and
Cshall be aigned and sworn to as corretl by tie
conlnisrioilers after the poll is closcd : nd the votesi
leCre counted: th:t before utering on their dstttes
mthe commissioners shll be swsorn l.:ac.redn to laws'.
loand if n o!ner authorized to adtninister ,:stls be
tpr.snt to ado:ieister the oath to tle corlomisltoncrs.
111 it lay be admniistered by any voter, or if no votur
t:o praset. by the commissintecrs to caich other:
to the coloinissiortces shall proceed to ount ith. v.tes
litiont imoving the box from ihe roomn or place.
C- herlle vote- cer rzeived, and in presence of
allny enter or 'ot-rs wsho nmay esirc to be present;
ton tailly sllet, siall be kept of th: count. which
ihall nemarked with tallies in lines from the beAin
Iný to the eild of the pgac. a.nd tile total :alnunt of
ine t::llis sihall I.e written in figtres imniediately
alter tle nnd of the tallir. antd in let:trs, so as to
t prevent :ny ;:ltelrationt the:reof: antl after tlht cotntt
dis c:onpl-tod. the b:dl!ots conlnted shall be put asck
in til ballot box. which shall be imioediatciy sealed.
Iwith the (I.llhts thtrciin As, s o.. as tlt.: votes art:
counted a;rd the ballot box salesd. as above statd,
f tl. commissioners shall mnake to compiled state
iSnts of tile votes cast, hose iralny or and how many
ntg-itn.t the proposed allo;oatio;, also tile nutmler
lt oL ballots contained in the bo,s, the nssl,ler of ballots
rejectedr if any. anlld the reslns therefor. 'The com
r- piled state'heinls shall be suorn to by the commis
.it oin.r, tle oath to he :doilistcrcd is bfor: pro
vided, and the compiled statemeOts. list of theper
rs sons voting and rally sheets. shall be delivered to
tihe Mayor of said town within forty-eight hoursaftcr
i7the clofing of the poll :at .ald election, tocethor with
the ballot box aod the votes therein contai:ed.
rK. C. Greg. J. Evd. Malrtin tld Ernest .on
lo stnntin, have been appointed commissioners of said
election, and in case one or nore of said com
enissioters f:lil to act. tlhen cosmisioners to be
appointed in accordance with the general election
laws of the "State.
e- (rivcn under my hand officially at Lafayette. Ia.,
this o 3th day of August Atnue D:onini. eighteen hut.
p drcd ad niiety-tive. A.J. Moss.
re Mayor of the towl of Lafayette.
ct Remember that we do all kinds
of of job printing.
n
to Prominent -
he Physician
hePraises
r Ayer's Sarsaparilla. The celebra.
ted J. F. ~cRsCI SOURS S, M. D.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., who has for
to many_ years been connected with
the Orphanage 4orPoration of
ofYE
S-m sarsaparilla
o "Having thoroughly tested, in
my apra~~ctice physieian, the
rative e o Ayer's Sar
saparila, I view it as of une
ts uated exellence."--J. FrAtcj
ii- Highest
of Awards at
is World's Fair.
to Improve Your
as- *..._Stock.
By Breeding
IS. to Pure Bred ,iHot .S'r IN B':l.1.."
Be, lireckinridge.
or Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
P-0 iBeecter
.d Fee, $2.50.
on' Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
a OSCAR WILDE.
the Fee, $1.00
Usuaml PErlallese oCf Rle5tuzr
.N¢t S~l~l- ll'y:cr`It, , ].i."
Ooo Seuirce. PromAt Returns.
_ RICE MILL, S
NEW YORK.
Whe undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the C
largest and best equipped of its
kind in the United States; solicit
ingloor it a share of patronage. *
Rice aged only on toll. Mi
If desited will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
Shipments should be made in
strong bags and marked plainly so
as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
Sales guaranteed and accounts
rendered promptly.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEW ORLEANS.
I CHARLESTON.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
d Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
e Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
e hours of the day and night. Everything o
in be found in a first class drugstore.
n V"-Next to Falk's Opera House. r
aGEO. A. DEBLANC
n -dealer in
WOOD, LIMEMnsR6A COAL
S Wholesale and retail.
a Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
C Cypress and Pine Kindling.
in All Orders Promptly Attended to.
. LA FAYET"TE, - - - - LOUISIANA.
Office and Yard near R. R. D)epot.
n45-I.
es u45-r.
C. Jennaro,
o SHOE-MAKER,
lMiakcs n good, durable shoe. Good fit
'f guarnltted.
1Y dIr. Jcnnaro will also give music lessons
on in all kinds of brass instrunents and clari
net. Parkerson block, near depot.
rIn
Poor
Health
means so much more than
you imagine-serious and
fatal diseases result from
ds trifling ailments neglected.
Don't play with Nature's
greatest gift-health.
If you are feelill
out of sorts, wet
u hbausted, nervous s.
ave om ap
Do' iand c-n't wor ,enf
begin at oncetak
Ir io Bro iron Bait- o
l -t[i 1N very rst dose--it
, ', It Cures
, Neurallia, Trombles.
1 Womqn's complaints.
n Get only the genuinet has croed ed
lines ontlewaplr tresn
L will send set of Tn Banutiful World a
5- Pair Views and book-free.
[S BROWN CHEMICAL CO. BALTIMORE, MD.
KILL-GERM
CURES ITOH
IN 30 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
p any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
VM. CEGG.
Ohamberlain's Eye and Skin Ointment
Is unequaled for Eczema, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Scald Heado, Sore Nipples, Chapped
l-muds Itching Piles, Burns, Frosnt Bites,
Chrome Sore Eves and Granulated Eye Lids.
For sale by druggists at 25 cer.ts per box.
For putting a hoi'rde nin a fine healthy con
diltion try Dr. Cady's Condition Powders.
They tone up the system, aid digestion, cure
loss of appetite, relieve constipation, correct
kidney disorders end destroy worms, giving
new Ihtie to an old or over-worked horse. 2.
'ellIt ,.C r packge. 1or eaic by tlru gistt
ON 1?LONSKY
Still Leads with a Complete Stock of
DRY GOODS
Clothing, Hats. Shoes, Underwear.
All in the Latest Styles.
Tennent. Stribbling & Co.'s Button Shoes for Ladies and
Misses from SI to $4 a Pair.
° Ten, $Io.oo, Ten, $io.oo, Ten, $so.oo
0 0
AT-TEN-T ION!
The TENdency of all TENants of this terrestrial
sphere is to atTENd tothe attractions inTrENded to E-'
5 benefit them to any exTENt. We therefore ex- O
o TENd a cordial invitation to all inTENding to o
d make either a small or exTENsive purchase of o
clothing th $o.oo o.oo the large and
s' atTENtion tol.
- varied line of Suits, now b
displayed in .ooour tore.
o We con- TENd hat
0 you should not be conTENted until you have o
,, examined the conTENts of our store and learn w
the great values there offered for $1o.oo. New
suits that would be good value at $St.oo to
S$5.oo, all await TENants and owners of the [-
In Cents Furnishing also we handle, o
Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes, etc. w
L LEVY & SON. i
THERE IS A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWES r
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
here Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
h sonable prices
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY XI. CLEGG
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
SManufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc IHarrow Leaver
liarow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYETTE. LA.
BIG PROFITS Small Investments.
Returning prosperity will make many rich, but nowhere can they make so much within a short time
as by successful Speculation in Grain, Provisions and Stock.
$ 10 00 FOR EACH DOLLAR INVESTED can be made by our
Systematic Plan of Speculation
originated by us. All successful speculators operate on a regular system.
It is a well-known fact that there are thousands of men in all parts of the United States who. by
systematic trading through Chicago brokers, make large amounts every year ranging from a few thou
sand dollars for the man who invests a hundred or two hundred dollars up to 155o,00oo to Szooooo or more
by those who invest a few thousand.
It is also a fact that those who make the largest profits from comparatively small investments on this
plan are persons who live away from Chicago and invest through brokers who thoroughly understand
systematic trading.
Our plan does not risk the whole amount invested on any trade, but covers both sides, so that
whether the market rises or falls it brings a steady profit that piles up enormously in a short time.
WRITE FOR CONVINCING PROOrs. also our lManual on successful speculation and our Daily
Market Report, full of money-making pointers. ALL FRRB. Our lalanual explains margin trading
fully. Highest references in regard to our standing and success.
For further information address.
THOMAS & CO., Bankers and Brokers,
241-242 Rialto Building, CHICAGO, ILL.
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
r I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
an At the Store of.
Mrs. John O. Mouton
W ill be found.__
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the MillineryE Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes _
rin And Stockings.