THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1895. NUMBER 47.
g n 'mini , ni 'u m m m - li nl in l In lninll 11 1 Im ll • •I nnm I mi I II lunnllmn ia II in Ilm am nnIn· • nn nn · mnn |n m lum 1 1 1 unt nunu1 1 lunnu untoI uu nu ||n mm •I nnmnmu 11 In· -am nlm m 1l n1 mm i mR~ in i
IUON BROS.
-DEALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent Wfth
-Quality of Goods.
Lcea Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS INOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Moutoon & Saies' Store.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
* Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and giuaranteed.
.T. CARMEL CON Vl7T
LAFAYETTE. LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention -will he given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
F'or terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT 8anl SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Blcak Italldlig.
FRED MOUTOiN, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. (. . VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete. La.
It. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
..dttornley at I ,aw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
EDStable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required
LA&AYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAi l'A YTTE''T , stA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, 'Proprietor.
-AND
Sale Stable
. COISTATIII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L, DUHART.
A practitioner in the State SS yoars,
and in Laayette Parish 11 years. calls
attention to his new-and successfu 1 treat
nent of the respiratory organs. Iodi
coal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure Is
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat
laent and relief in the third period.
)Doatnesg and obronic diseases in gen
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
-ANn--
Justice of the Peace.
C.areful ra.apromptattention given to
the colleetioieof Mtillu iounts, notesos
* rftas. S*l*nd puarnaso' of lands at
tend ta.-. 1-19
c iC. A OUTON, i
tMIdapyiat Iva4.
Las~
A FOOTBALL HERO.
He WU e as ore of a Man Than He
Got Oredit for Being.
It was a gre cross to Mr. and Mrs.
Bartlett that Roger was apparently
quite devoid of say worthy ambition.
Their two older boys were so utterly
different. Fred had been graduated
from Yale with the highest honors and
Horace was making remarkable prog
ress at the scientific school; in fact,
they were both exceptionally fine stu
h dents, which made the contrast all the
more striking.
For Roger was sadly unlike hisbroth
era He seemed to labor under the im
pression that he had been sent to col
lege simply and solely for the purpose
of learning to play football Appar
ently nothing else had power to kindle
the slightest enthusiasmnin -his slug
gish breast, and his father and moth
er argued and expostulated with him in
vain.
"You are frittering away your valua
ble time," they argued again and
again, "and are letting slip golden op
portunities, which, once gone, never
will come back to you; and what have
you to show for it all but a broken
nose and a fractured collar bone?"
"Is there any prospective benefit to
be derived from these hours spent in
scrabbling after a football?" his father
,t questioned, severely; to which Roger
a. merely responded in his usual off-hand
i. style: "Who knows but I may be
elected captain of the 'varsity team
next year?"
"Is that the height of your ambi
tion?" his parent returned bitterly. "I
am terribly disappointed in you, sir;
are you to go on playing football for
ever and ever, or what do you propose
e to make of your life? Perhapsyou
c think that your reputation as a foot
y ball player will prove an 'open se
b same' to all desirable positions. Do
e you suppose that anyone wants a fel
low who has willfully wasted his best
opportunities? I had hoped to make a
professional man of you, not a pro
fessional athlete, and had. even as
pired to seeing you some day in our
leading law office with nay old friend
pWilkinson Smalley: but it's no use,
Smalley wants only young men of the
highest promise," and Mr. Bartlett
sighed wearily.
"It does no good to talk to Roger,"
he confided tohis wife afterward, "for
hardly ten minutes had elapsed after
I had been remonstrating with him
about the evils of football before he
inquired if I wouldn't bring you down
to see the game on Saturday, and in
formed me that he had saved two
tickets for us."
Mrs. Bartlett regarded her husband
helplessly. "WVhat did you say to him
then?" she queried.
"I told him 'certainly not,'" Mr.
B-artlett exclaimed warmly, "and I ex
pressed my surprise at his daring to
suggest such a thing. Show me some
lasting benefit, or any abiding good,
that is to be derived from this ridicul
ous game, 1 told him, and then come
to me to abet you in such folly, but not
till then."
And so Mr. and Mirs. Bartlett failed
to witness that memorable game in
Swhich their youngest son gained for
himself such enviable laurels Once in
the field, Roger was like one trans
formed. Keen, alert, cool, rising
splendidly to every emergency, no one
I would have known him for the same
slow, indifferent, easy-going specimen
of humanity who grieved the ambi
tious souls of his parents by his small
aptitude for Greek.
Not that Roger was by any means a
dunce, for his class standing was
fairly good, but what pained his
father and mother was the recognition
of what he might have accomplished
had it not been for that arch enemy,
football.
'rThe great game over, the victorious
team hastened back to their gymna
sium with all possible speed; they had
some little distance to go, as the gym
nasiumn was not very near the ball
grounds, so that in order to reach it
they were obliged to traverse the cen
ter of the town and cross the railroad
tracks.
Roger, who had been detained a mo
ment or so longer than the others,
reached the station a short time after
they had crossed, and found tthe plat
form crowded with people who were
returning from the game, mingled
with those who were alighting from
incoming trains. As he stepped upon
the platform he became conscious that
something unusual was going on, and
he immediately perceived that the
eyes of the multitude were riveted up
on a figure halfway across the tracks,
a figure pausing there in bewilderment.
"There's a train coming each way,"
somebody gasped. "Why doesn't he
get off.the track?"
The station agent and one or two
other officials were shouting loudly,
but the man, who was old and very
deaf, appeared thoroughly dazed; as
ihe was prepared to step upon the
track nearest him he had caught sight
of one train coming down upon him
and he now staggered bacr and was
about to plunge in front of the other
down-coming express when suddenly
something very unexpected hap
pened.
As the crowd of bystanders shrank
back with horror-stricken faces, con
vinced that they were about to wit
ness the terrible fate which .must in- I
staintly overtake the old man, a figure
in a much-begrimed canvas Jacket q
sprang out from among them, and
clearing the tracks at a bound alight- r
ed beside the swaying form of the I
other.
A shudder and a wave of pitiful re
gret swept over the motionless crowd.
"He can never drag him back in time," B
they breathed; "they will both be t
killed-oh, the pity of it!" e
But our football man had no thought la
of dragging the unsteady figure in t
front of either approaching engine. a
In an instant he had tackled the man u
sand thrown him fat upon the ground t
between the two tricks, for all the t
orld qite as. if he bad been an op- t
aauatt on the football field: then he t
dropped lightly -on top of him and lay
there motionless, while the two trains
thundered past on each side of them
and the crowd stood waiting .spell
bound.
In much less time than it takes to
describe the episode, it was over, and
what might have been a tragedy had
proved only a bit of melodrama after
all; yet as Roger jumped up and
pulled the old man onto his feet, ap
plause and cheers louder than any that
had greeted him on the football field
rang in his ears.
Abashed and quite overwhelmed by
such an ovation, Roger made haste to
elbow his way through the crowd, and
in so doing nearly overthrew his own
brother Fred. who happened to be
standing directly in his path.
"For heaven's sake, was that you.
Roger?" he cried, confronting him in
astonishment.
"Do let me get out of this," his
brother responded impatiently; "they
needn't make such a fuss because I
knocked the old duffer over," and he
bolted in the direction of the gym
nasium.
Saturday nights generally brought
the scattered members of the Bartlett
family together, as the collegians al
ways made a point of coming home to
spend Sunday under the parental roof
tree.
On this particular Sunday evening
all were assembled before Roger came
in. Fred was all agog to describe the
scene that he had witnessed, but he
unselfishly held his tongue. "I'll not
spoil his story for him, but will give
him a chance to do justice to it," he
mentally ejaculated, as he watched his
brother swallowing his soup with un
ruffled composure.
But Roger said nothing upon the
vital subject, and Fred looked at him
with increasing surprise as he judi
cially set forth the respective merits of
the opposing football team, and called
attention to their most vulnerable
points.
-'I'll turn in early to-night, I think,"
be yawned, as he withdrew from the
dining room. "I put pretty solid
work into the last half of that game,"
and he leisurely wended his way up.
stairs.
"'I wish that Roger would put a little
solid work into something else," his
father volunteered, as he disappeared
from the room.
At this, Fred. who had in times past
repeatedly scoffed at his father's ath
letic proclivities, instantly fired up.
"Father," he burst forth, "you're
matting a big mistake about Roger.
Ile's got more genuine stuff inhim than
all the rest of us put together, and if
it's football that's done it, the sooner
that we all go in for the game the bet
ter;" and he then proceeded to give a
graphic account of the afternoon's ex
perience, which caused his father to
blow his nose loudly and repeated'.,
while his eyes glistened with happy
pride, and which sent his mother weep
ing in search of the sleepy athlete, who
couldn't understand what he had done
that was worth making such a fuss
about.
A few days later 31r. Bartlett re- I
ceived a note from his old friend, Wil
kinson Smalley, which ran somewhat
as follows:
*'DEAR 3ARfTLETr: I hear that your Roger is
going in for the law, and if so I want him.
When he gets through with the law school you
can hand him over to me. for he's just the ian
terial thot I'm on the lookout for. and you may
well be proud of him.
"He scared me out of a year's growth the I
other afternoon at the station. the young ras
cal, but in spite of that, I wish you would tell
him to come round and take dinner with me
some night, for I want to talk to him.
"/With kind regatrds to Mfrs. Barlett. believe
me, ever your friend.
t" \WVLitNuso SMAx.LLY."
When Roger came home the follow
ing Saturday his father handed him
the note, remar-king: "'I'm afraid I
haven't appreciated your football, old
man, but I'm going to do better in fu
ture; and, by the way, Roger, I hear
that you're to play in the game at
Springfield next week; is that so?"
Roger nodded.
"Very well, then," tir. Bartlett con
tinued, "your mother and 1 would like
to have you get us the best seats that 1
can be bought, for we've set ou." hearts
upon going to see you make the first
touchdown."-Boston Transcript. .
NATIONAL PROSPERIT Y.
The Sea an Important Vtetor In the Ad
v-anwenaet of MTanklnd.
It is impossible that one who seen in
the sea-in the function which it dis
charges toward the world at large-
the most potent factor in the national
prosperity and in the course of history,
should not desire a change in the
mental attitude of our countrymen to
ward maritime affairs. The subject,
says the North American Review, pre.
sents itself not merely as one of na.
tional importance, but as one concern
ing the world's history and the -el
fare of mankind. which are bound up,
so far as we can see, in the security
and strength of that civilization which
is identified with Europe and its off
shoots in America. For w-hat, after all,
is our not unjustly vaunted Guropean
and American civilization?
An oasis set in the midst of a desert
of barbarism, rent with many intes
tine troubles, and ultimately depend
ent, not upon its simple elaboration of
organization, but upon the power of
that organization to empress itself in t
menacing and efficient attitude of
physical force, sufficiept to resist the
numerically overwhelming, but inadl
equately organized, hosts of the out
side barbarians. Under present con
ditions, these are dyked off by the
magnificent military organizations of
lurope, which also as yet cope success
fully with the barbarians within. Of
what.the latter are capable-at least t
in will-we have from time to time,
and not least of late, terrifi warnings,
to which men can scarcely shut their
eyes and ears; but sufficient attention
is hardly paid to the possible dangers d
from those outside, who are viholly p
alien to the spirit of our civilization;
nor do men realize how essential to ,
the conservation of that eivillattivag i c
the attitude of armed watohfulness bo-.
tween nations, which is now main. t
tained by the greant states ot nopq,
rELICS OF WASHINGTON.
Valuable Mene ntoes Recently
Given to the National Museum.
Aaong lThem Is a Complete Set o raper
Documents and Homsehold Aecounts
r n the Handwa4tisg of the
Father or LIa Countj
[Special wslnagtoa Letr.1
1 The memory of George Washington
is dear to the hearts of his countrymen.
r The steamboats plying the Potomac al
ways toll their bells as they pass Mount
Vernon, and the excursion steamers not
only toll their bells, but their bands of
music slowly play "America," or sweet
ly waft across the water the notes of
that beautiful Sunday-school hymn:
"Safe in the Arms of Jesus."
Every article which ever belonged to
Washington is highly prized as a relic,
r and the government has expended con
siderable money in the purchase of
household goods and personal property
of the "Father of his Country." For
tunately, however, the men and women
who have come in possession of val
uable relics have donated many of them
A VIEW OF IAUN.'T vr.rnso.
to the goverament, for public exhibi
tion in the Smithsonian institution. The
old homestead at Mount Vernon is kept
in practically the condition it was when
the great patriot and his widow passed
away from the scenes of earth. Recent
ly a clump of trees which had grown
tall and umbrageous has been trimmed
down so that a good view of Mount
Vernon can be obtained from the river.
The ladies in charge of the historic and
sacred place keep it in excellent repair
and make it attractive. Every visitor
carries away with Initm from the place a
pleasant memory. Fifty thousand peo
ple have visited Mount Vernon during
the present year.
The mementoes of Washington are
regarded as of such importance that
they are given an entire section of one
of the hl11ls of the National museum,
where they are kept inx oiodcitlectiiofi.
The entire list could not w-ell be accu
rately described in detail, save in n
large volume. Everything, from ast
old-time miniature of Washington to
his revolutionary war medicine chest,
are grouped together.
One of the later exhibits added to the
collection by donation is a complete
lot of papers end documents which
were kept by Washington, nearly all
of them being autographic work.
These papers are the property of Law
rence Washington, who generously
made the donation with the proviso
that they should be exhibited in his
name. liushrod VWashingrton, the
nephew of George Washington, after
the death of his distinguished uncle,
received all of the papers which had
belonged to the general. l:ushrod
VWashington was an associate justice
of the United States supreme court. He
had no descendants, and when he died
the papers went, by his will, to his
brother. ('orbin Washington, the great
grandfather of Lawrence, who has re
cently offered them for exhibition in
the museum. Ever since the death of
Corbin Washington these papers were
stored away in obscurity, and have re
cently, for the first time, been brought
before the public. They are regarded
by those in charge of the collection as
one of .the most valuable parts of the t
Gen. \Vashnington exhibit, and are kept
In separate cases.
One of the. valued treasures of the
collection is the will of John Washing
ton, George Washington's great-grand
father, who. with his brother Law
rence, came to this country from Eng
land. He was a man of considerable f
wealth and large landed possessions,
and owned many boats and large sail
ing vessels. In the early days of the i
settlement of America, John Washing
ton and Nicholas Spencer brought to I
this country a large number of settlers.
providing passage for them on their
own ships. In compensation for their
services they received. A,000 acres of
Virginia land froen Lord Culpeper.
This land all bordered on the Potomac
river and included Mount Vernon,
which afterwards became the home
and last resting place of the Father of 1
his Connlry. The original deed of this
tract of land is among the papers, and I
there is also a memorandum as to the i
nature of the document indorsed on
the back by George Washington. This
indorsement is as follows: "Thos. Cul
peper's patent to Col. N. Spencer and
Lt. Col. John VWashington for 5,000 j
acres of land." This deed is ancient, t
as is shown by the date which it bears,
Maich 1, 1674.
lefore the land came into the hands 7
of the W'ashingtons a survey of it was f
made on the order of Lord Culpeper.
A copy of this order is among tlWh pa
pers in this collection. There are also
numerous deeds, dated from that time r
on, relating to transfers and re-surveys a
after the Washington family had con- c
trol of it. There is deed from William d
Harrison, an ancestor of ex-President a
Benjamin Harrison, transferring 200 r
acres of woodland in the year 1708. g
From 1090 to a century later are other a
deeds recording transfers to and from I
pronminent Virgina gentlemen. c
George Vashington was not only a a
successful soldier and a superior ex- c
ecutive, but it can be said that he was e
afairly good artist. HIe early learned t
to make his own sketches of surveys of r
1and, and aettrwardm drew maps and O
plans of bapttle. When be retired to
private life atirMoant Vernon he found
it pleasant work around about the
estate and make plans for improve'
ments which he could make. Included
in the Lawrence Washington oolle
tion are quite a number of maps of
Mount Vernon and adjacent laids,
some of them representing the Poto
mao river. These maps were all
drawn by George Washington and the
lettering was put on by his own hand.
To show how artistically and aptly he
handled the pen there is a deed from
William Whiting to George Washing
ton of 200 acres of land in Stafford
county. This is executed in Washling
ton's handwriting and is a fine spect
men of work. There is another deed,
dated 1617. by which the "Right Hon
orable Catherine, Lady Fairfax, sole
proprietor of the northern neck of
Virginia," conveys 163 acres in Stafford
county to Sampson Darrell. This laud
afterwards went to Georgeo-Washing
ton. A document which has attracted
a great deal of attention is one con
cerning negro slaves which belonged
to Maj. Lawrence Washington. This
document bearing date of November
20, 1773, is signed by- Richard HIenry
Lee, to which he adds an apology for
not returning the paper sooner.
The following letter, dated October
23, 1776, was written by Martha Wash
ington to the general's private secre
tary, Lund Washington: "Sir-please
to give to Milly Posey the sum of fl-a
pounds, Virginia money. I am your
most humble serv't. Martha Washing
ton." On December 23, 1778, Washing
ton's mother wrote the following let
ter to Lund Washington: "Dear Sir:
(est as I had wrote to you not to send
the cash by the overseer Col. Bassett
came in and delivered the forty pounds
cash to me from you. I am, dear sir,
your most humble servant, Mary Wash
ington."
Of course, there are a number of lat
ters and orders which were connected
with the calling out of the militia at i
the beginning of the revolution.
Among these there is indorsed by l
Washington a printed order addressed
to his brother directing him to call out
the militia of Stafford county, the date
being August 20. 1776. The order reads:
"You must l.o particularly careful to a
procure good powder horns and shot
bags, with as much powder, lead and a
flints as you can." t
There are at present only a small
number of the YWashington family c
seals extant. and about the only per- 1
feet one remaining is that attached to
the will of Lawrence Washington. the a
older brother of John Washington, c
great-grandfatlner of George Washing- 1
ton. The dcsign for the American flag
was taken from the stars and stripes
of this seal.
It is a well-known fact that Wash
ington was always thrifty and had I
minute methods of bookkeeping. The
accounts kept by him, in good-sized I
blank books, are in the collection at
the museum, containing the record of 1
rPOTRAIT Or WASlcGTroy.
the receipts and expenditures for pro
visions for the estate for every day of
the month. In his own handwriting
there is a minute account of the prop
erty and chattels at Mount Vernon.
from which it appears that there were
210 negroes-sixty-four of them men,
and sixty-two women. While he was
president of the United States, George t
Washington kept an expense book
which is now very interesting. Visitors t
to Mount Vernon have seen an ancient
harpsichord; and in this account book i
it appears that Washington paid 613.6') t
for "'freight on the harpsichord for a
Miss Nellie Custis," his stepdaughter.
From this it is fair to infer that it was
not a modern politician, but George I
WVashington who originally "paid the d
freight" in this country. His step- I
daughter cost the old man considerable l
money, but le w-as rich and could af
ford to settle the bills. In his expense s
book there are numerous items show- a
ing amounts paid for music lessons for t
Miss Nellie Custis on that harpsichord. -
He also paid for lessons in embroidery I
for the young lady. -
Either George Washington was an
epicure, or )his wife, Miartha. was c
a dainty housekeeper; for, although
they had slaves galore, they paid 830
per monthl for a cook. lie must have~
been a French cook, but his name is '
not given. 3Irs. WVashington must have
been very particular about her house
hold and family linen, for, instead of I
having her wvashing done by a slave, t
she paid 512.50 per month for a washer- i
woman. Her husband has so declared <
in his expense book. There Is a prevail- t
uing opinion among students of the his- '
tory of those times that Martha Wash- i
ington was the real manager and boss
of the household. and that George
Washington was allowed to issue very 1
few orders at home. SarnT D. F'r.
Shortelgbtedas in Schools.
In the public -schools of France 24.9
per cent. of the scholars are short- a
sighted; in those of Germany, a5 per 4
cent., and in those of the United King- t
dom, t20 per cent. The percentasge of I
myopy is highest in the classes of i
rhetoric and philosophy. The hy- a
gienic condition of the school does not I
seem to affect it, but in the opinion of
Dr. M1artin, a French authority, want a
of ph.sical exercise is the chief cause t
of it. 1y modifying the work of the i
o]asses and nallowing reasonable spells
of -exercise betwee- -them the prope'r
tion of nuiopy in the college of OieGese. a
fell from 20.0 to o7 pew.. cpit, R $W I
Sans.
THE PART OP WISDOM.
new the lemoaerey My Most Speedtiy
Aelewe sa Rtur Vteictory.
Last summer our republican contem
poraries were giving this advice to
the contending democrats in congress:
"It Is utterly impossible for you to suc
eeed in harmonizing your differences
on the tariff, and, therefore, the best
thing that you can do is to cease mak
ing the attempt, adjourn congress and
go home." The democratic party haw
been disastrously defeated in the re
cent election, but if it had adopted a
its own the policy so gratuitously ree
ommended to it by its political oppo
nents the defeat that has overtaken
it would not be a circumstance com
pared with that which would have
overwhelmed it.
The party has not done all that it
should; it is chargeable with sins of
commission and sins of omission so far
as tariff legislation goes, and yet the
gain that has been made by the tariff
that has been adopted is one of the as
surances of its future success. Take
the matter of wool. In less than two
years' time this change in the tariff
will hate demonstrated as signally as
any object lesson can the fallacious
character of the statements that had
been made concerning the effect of a
radical change in our tariff laws. One
has only to turn back to the files of
any of ouP Boston republican con
temporaries or has only to read the
speeches of any of the republican
orators to find up to a very recent
period the statement made over and
over again that the placing of wool
upon the free list would destroy the
entire sheep industry of the United
States; that it would no longer be
possible to raise wool here; that our
manufacturers would be dependent
upon, the pauper-grown wool of for
eign lands, and that just as soon as
these shrewd paupers succeeded in
driving the American sheep out of ex
istence they would corner the wool
market and compel the American
woolen and worsted manufacturer to
pay them whatever price they wanted
for this raw material.
It is probably true that in conse
quence of the fear which these com
ments engendered there has been an
entirely unnecessary slaughter of
woolbearing animals in this country,
and it will probably be shown when
the next annual sheep census in this
country is estimated that the number
of sheep has undergone some diminu
tion. But inside of two years there
will be a marked improvement in trade
and a marked increase in the number
of sheep. This we have little besi
tancy in predicting. More than this,
there will be a great improvement in
the woolen and worsted industry." In
a word, it will be demonstrated that
under this new system trade will
greatly prosper, while woolen and
worsted goods will be sold at lower
prices.
We hold that this object lesson will
be sufficient to materially affect the
vote that Is to be cast in November of
1S96. The fictitious gain which came
from a wool tax was the one sop that
was thrown out to the farmers. These
were led to believe that the protective
tariff was necessary for their continued
existence. The object lesson of free
wool will show them that they are not,
and never have been, true beneficiaries
from the protective system, and that
instead of supporting this method of
trade obstruction it is for their inter
est to thoroughly oppose it. Th is was
what was gained by passing the much
decried present tariff law, and in our
opinion it is the one thing that will
bring relatively speedy victory to the
democratic party, while it will prevent
the republican organization from ever
going back to the monstrosities of tile
McKinley law.-Boston Hlerald.
POINTS AND OPINIONS.
-With no great statesmen like
Blaine to overshadow all rivalry, the
next republican national convention
is likely to resemble a bear garden.
Dozens of communities will project
their favorite sons upon it in the hope
that presidential lightning may strike
them.-Troy Press.
-It is saidithat Stephen 13. Elkins
is now virtually without a rival for
the West Virginia senatorship. His
selection is a foregone conclusion.
The only thing that could prevent it
would be the awakening of the re
publican party to the shame and scan
dal of moaking the liberality of the
purchaser the test of fitness for the
United States senate.-N. Y. World.
--Boss Platts cranial enlargement
since the recent election is something
alarming. IHe is not content with dic
tating the course of republican events
in New York, but proposes to extend
his jurisdiction over the entire country.
lie has served notice that 3cKinley
and Harrison are barred from the presi
dential race in 1896. He will consent
to the nomination of either Reed or
Allison,provided the other few millions
of republicans who make up the party
want him to.-nDetroit Free Press.
-History teaches that there is
auch a thing as a political party win
ning too great a victory. This is par
ticularly true of republicanism. WVhen
it is in a pronounced minority and oc
cupying a recumbent: position outside
the breastworks it is fairly harmoni
ous. There is nothing substantial for
it to quarrel about. But when, as in
the present instance, it has been
awept into power by a tremendous po
litical reaction, the smoldering em
bers of factional dislike and distrust
are once again fanned into flame.
Rochester Herald.
--During the tariff debate in the
senate last summer Senator Sherman
declared that sugar can be produced
more cheaply in this country than in
Europe notwithstanding the difference
in the cost of labor here and there;
and there is no doubt he was right.
It is really because of the higher wages
paid here that sugar can be produced
cheaper just as iron and other prod
ucts can, owing to the greater pro
ducing power of well-paid operatives.
Senator Sherman was not the only re
publican whotook this ground, and he
and his associates ought to render val
uable ssistaince in meeting the bluff
THE SUGAR TRUST BLUFF.
Contradletory sltemeants eof eosesene*
less Republtcan BSenesarles.
Mr. H. 0. Havemeyer. president of
the sugar trust, has renewed his at
tacks on the new tariff law. He id
shutting clown refineries, and explain
his action by saying that the refining
business is suffering from the blight
of free trade. He adds that if sugar
is put on the free list the business will
be ruined entirely.
We are afraid Mr. Havemeyer is put
ting our republican friends into an
embarrassing position. They like to
hear people prating of the blight of
free trade, and the temptation is
strong to agee with them. They like
to hear it said that the Gorman tariff
is wrecking industries and throwing
laborers out of employment. It is
their business to encourage such talk,
and to give it circulation, even when
they have every reason to believe it
wholly untrue.
In this case, however, there are some
circumstances that render it inconven
ient to assent to Mr. Havemeyer's as
sertions. They have for months been
denouncing the new tariff law as a
trust bill, and with special reference
to the sugar trust. They have affirmed
over and over again that the sugar
trust dictated the sugar schedule
When it was pointed out that the new:
law, while conceding too much to
the trust, was far less favorable to
it than the McKihley bill, they made
feeble efforts to deny it or else re
sorted to silence on that point and to
a reiteration of the statement that the
Gorman bill was a trust bill. They
predicted that sugar would go up, and
when it went down they said that the
trust was keeping down the price in
order to help the democrats.
Now, if our republican friends agre,
with Mr. Havemeyer that the sugarre
fining business is feeling the blight of
free trade, how will they explain to
their readers the miles of labored ed
itorials in which they af~rmed that the
sugar trust dictated a tariff for its own
benefit? If, on the other hand, they
refuse to believe what Mr. Havemeyer
says of the blight of free trade, they
discredit the whole class of their
proteges, who insist that the reduced
turiff is injuring their business. Mr.
Liavemeyer is just as credible as the
others, and if he is not to be believed,
why should we credit similar state
ments from other sources?
The shutting down of the refineries
is timed to take place just as congress
reassembles. Congress has before it a
bill to put sugar on the free list.
While this may not pass, owing to the
requirements of the revenue, there is
a proposition to amend it by striking
out the differential tax of one-eighth
of a cent a pound, imposed for the
protection of the trust. There is rea
son to suspect that Mr. Havemeyer de
sires to impress upon congress the
idea that the trust is in hard lines and
will be ruined by the removal of the
differential tax. This theory is at
least a great deal more probable than
the assumption that the trust is sul
fering from the blight of free trade.
Louisville Courier-Journal.
SINCE THE ELECTION.
Republicans Orowtnlg Lukewarm in Their
Support of MacKinleyism.
Day by day the wonder grows as to
what the republican party was fight
ing for at the recent election. All
through the campaign it was pro
claimed that they were battling for
ltcKinleyism; and a good many of the
votes which gave the party its phe
nomenal victory were undoubtedly
east in that belief. Since the election.
however, there has been an effort
which almost seems to have been con
certed to convince the public that
there never was any intention of re
storing Mc1Kinleyism. At first the
statements were cautiously made and
leaders like Reed and Sherman had to
qualify and explain what they said to
prevent too strong an impression go
ing abroad that the party had beets
obtaining votes under false pretenses.
Of late the disguise has been wholly
thrown aside and the confession open
ly made that there was no fight for
McKinleyismn and that there never
will be any fight for it on the part of
the republican party.
The St. Louis Globe-Democrat. one
of the ablest organs of the republican
party, comes out flatfooted in the mat
ter and says that *"whatever the out
come may be the republicans will
never frame another McKinley tariff."
They may, it thinks, put wool back on
the dutiable list and make a few more
changes of the same character, but
"the general line of duties will never
be restored to the 1890 level." And
not content with this outline of the
party's future policy respecting the
tariff this same organ tells its readers
that "the McKinley law, which made
advances in duties already adequate.
was the greatest blunder ever com
mitted by the republican party." It
adds:
'The blunder was opposed by lnany repub
licans at the time and vigorously denounced
by them afterward. It will not be repeated.
Reasonable protectlonu-the protection whichl
onsets the lower wages of the old world--is all
that republicans ask. If Goa. McKinley him
selt should bo at the head of the ways and
moeans committee in 197. or be in the whitte
house, he would be an anti-McKinlerite on the
tariff. The thing celled McKinleylism is so
dend that no Gabriel's trump will ever sound
its resurrection."
Considering what the rank and file
of the republican party were led to be
lieve they were fighting for this is a
rather remarkable cbnfession; but is
is paralleled by one that ex-Secretary
Foster made,at Cleveland a few days
ago when he said:
"The repeal of the force bill by the demo
crats was one of the best things that could
have happened for the republicans, Of course,
we could not repeal it. but it is one of the best
things that could have happened for us that
our opponents di6 so. Johnny Davenport, O
New York, got a eood thing, eighty tPusanad
dollars a year, out of it, I thinkl, for a lontlg
while. but he was the only one who was ben
fited by it that I know of. You know ite~
pitcehd into me a great deal in 184, suer say
committee went down there to New Orleans to
investigato the matter, for telllg some truth· -
about Our ewn fellows at that iam. It be.
turned out s good deal b I da. The elimdt .
of dislntegration have been the seas ,t n'! . .
long time."
No wonder the repulelmsan e
ing about to determine how
alht can be waged on the
san.-I-)tlfi$ I'tbw Those.