THE GAZETTE.
Swbr sera ion Price, ,fti Per Year
Moss & Mouton have.. just re
ceved t*wo. mote car loids of wag
ons-the --best and cheapest in the
-market.
Dr. F. W. Courtney and Mr. Joe
eourtney were in Lafayette during
the week.
Many cigars that arc sold for
soc. do not come up to.the Daily
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demanade.
The stores of our Israelite mer
chants will remain closed Saturday,
it being the day of Atonement.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
3:3o a. m. to s:30 p. m. and 3 to 5
p. m.
Judge C. Debaillon and C. O.
Mouton, Esq., visited the lhome of
Mr. Jules Mouton at Duchamp last
Sunday.
Many prominent physicians high
ly recommend the Daily States ci
gars as free from adulteration;
hence not harmful.
Bob Richard visited Breaux
Bridge Sunday.
The Daily States 5c. cigars still in
the lead. For sale by P. Deman
ade.
J. Rene Bonnet and Sosthene
Martin made a flying trip to St.
Martinville Sunday.
J. R. Domengeaux, of Royville,
was in Lafayette Sunday.
Alley Sprole and Sterling Mudd
went to Opelousas last Saturday and
returned Monday.
Engineers, conductors and brake
men say that the Daily States is the
best Sc. cigar they ever smoked.
For sale by P. Demanade.
Miss Maud Boas visited her
mother in New Iberia last Sunday.
Little Rufus Mouton left Monday
for San Antonio where he will join
his uncle, Edgar McBride.
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all
hand made and imported tobacco.
For sale by P. Demanade.
Moss Bros. & Co. have just
received an entire new line of
the genuine Rodgers pocket knives.
They have marked these kn ves at
prices that will make them move
fait.
Judge C. Debaillon is in Lake
Charles attending to legal business.
He expects to return home next
Tuesday.
Once tried, you will have no
other. What? Why, the Daily
States cigar. .
Mrs. H. A. Kennedy and Mrs.
Dr. Olliphant, of New Orleans,
have returned home after a few
days' visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Davidson.
Mi3ses Louise and Amelie Locker
and Angelina Gauthier, of St. Mar
tin, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. H.
Billaud.
DAVIS' WILD CHERRY AND TAR will Cure
your Cough or Cold. 5oc. and S.oo.
Mr. McKneely, a New Orleans
barber, is now engaged in Vander
griff's shop. John says he is ready
for the fall rush.
Alec Delahoussaye has a lot of
fresh groceries which he will dis
pose of at the lowest figures. The
line of canned goods is exception
ally fine.
Though both its contemporaries
want it distinctly understood that
they are over-crowded with job
work The Gazette must say that it
hasn't been doing a darn thing for
some tidhe..
The many friends in Lafayette of
Prof. WV. A. LeRosen will be
pleased to learn that he is enjoying
good health and is doing well.
The professor is employed as book
keeper by one of the leading firms
of Shreveport.
Mr. and Mrs I. A. Broussard,
Mr. John Conniff and Mrs. John
-Hahn went out to the plantation
home of MIrs. Nathan Foreman
last Tuesday and sl.ent the day
there.
Mrs. S. A. Kell, of Pomona, Cal.,
had the bad luck to sprain her ankle.
"I tried several liniments," she
says, "but was iot cured until I
tsed Chamberlain's Pain Balm.
That remedy cured me and I take
pleasure in recommending it and
testifying -to its ,efficacy." This
medicine is also of great v'alue for
rheumnatism, lame back, pains in
the chest, pleuiisy and ,-all .deep
seated- and . muscular ,ains. For
snale by all druggists.
There will be a mcting of the
School Directors on the 5th of Octo
ber. As some business of Import
ance.will comre up for consideration
a .full attendan, ,TTi urgently de
- . . . -" . - .- . .
Physician's prescriptions are filled
at the Moss Pharmacy, with pre
cision and at the most reasonable
prices.
A number of the friends of Miss
Mamie Higgins gave a picnic in her
honor at Chargois' Springs last
Saturday, Miss Higgins is on the
eve of leaving for North Dakota
and it was for the purpose of wish
ing her a bon voyage that her
many friends gathered last Satur
day.
We don't claim to run the best
paper in Lafayette, but we do
claim that The Gazette is equal to
the best in the parish--that, per
haps, is not saying much--never
theless it is fact which we desire to
impress upon the minds of those
who wish to subscribe for a local
paper.
The worst thing about Jeans
Pants is that they keep some wife,
mother or sister constantly sewing
rips and buttons. The best thing
about the BUCKSKIN BREE
CHES is the fact that the buttons
stay on and seams don't rip as long
as the pants last. That's a good
while longer than any other pants
will wear.
Jno I. Bell the hustling agent of
the Waters-Pierce Oil Co., has just
returned from an extended trip
through this and St. Landry par
ishes. He has informed The Ga
zette that the people along the road
were at work in their fields, and
that a fair yield is expected.
Mrs. E. E. Davis, of San Miguel,
Cal. says: "I am trying in a
measure to repay the manufacturers
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy
for the great good their remedy has
done me. For years I was a con
stant sufferer from weak lungs and
bronchial asthma." My rest at
night was disturbed by a hacking
cough, so that I felt miserable the
greater part of my time. Many
remedies recommended by my
friends were tried, none of which
proved suitable to my case. I did
not experience any beneficial results
until I began taking Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. After two bottles
of the large sire have been used I
am pleased to state, my health is
better than it has been for years.
The soleness has left my lungs
and chest and- I can breathe easily
It has done me so much good that
I want all who are sufferering from
lung troubles, as I was, to give it a
trial." For sale by all druggists.
When you hear an old politician
yelling himself hoarse in the at
tempt to pursuade people C hat every
thing is reeking with corruption and
the country has taken a straight
shoot for the place that is supposed
to be settled by dead sinners, you
may rest assured that he wants
office. Give him an office: and he
will immediately conme to the con
clusion that everything is going on
swimmingly and the administration is
the straightest thing on earth.
Office will work wonders on the
heart of a discontented politician.
Just offer him one and you will see
his face shine like a thousand can
dles. But as long as you'll keep
him out, he'll kick like an untamed
mule.
For Waterworks.
The Business Nien's Association
held a meeting last Monday. C.
0. Mouton presided and Jno I.
Bell was at the secretary's desk.
The question of waterworks was
brought up and after a discussion the
following resolutions were adopted;
Resolved, By the Business Men's
Association of Lafayette-That the
time has come when the town of
Lafayette needs and requires a sys
tem of water works and electric
lights, and that'a special committee
of three be appointed to confer and
co-operate with the town council of
Laayette with a view of establish
ing a permanent system of water
works and electric lights in the
town.
Resolrtedfur*'/er, That this com
mittee be made a permanent com
mittee to represent this association
until the work be accomplished or
abandoned, and that they be urged
to take immediate steps to accom
plish the work.
Dr. T'r. B. Hopkins, Messrs. Wim.
Campbell and J. I. Bell were ap
pointed on a commiftee to present
the above resolutions to the coun- I
cil.
A committee was appointed to
take the necessary steps to cele
brate Thanksgiving Day.
F. O. Cornay was made a com
mittee of one to solicit signatures to
a petition asking the WVestern
Uinion Telegraph Co. to open an
ofii -e in the central part of Lafa
yette.
The Association meets next Mon
day.
rThe negro, Taylor FIrancois,
arrested by Sheriff BIroussard the
other day, is wanted at Algiers fohr
assault and battery. As the accu
sation against him was only of a
trifling nature, Superintendent Gas
ter has written to the sheriff to rc
Lhete VFr~tCi-
At Royville.
The slight showers of last week
have retarded the progress of field
work; otherwise, cotton is being
readily picked, corn is mostly
harvested and hay is safe. Farmers
are wearing broad smiles, as present
prospects indicate good times.
Albert Theall was with his friends
Thursday.
Mr. Edward Comeanx was visit
ing in Lafayette Monday.
Dominique Bonnemaison was
called to Lafayette Saturday on
business.
Messrs. Cornay and Kline, the
latter an artist from St. Lr:uis, were
canvassing - Royville Wednesday
(not politically).
Any man who so forgets himself
as to be enthusiastic over the
chances of any candidate at Erath
station, Vermilion parish, will, to a
certainty receive a "rap on the
jaw." This statement is a fact, as
we were present where several such
"exchanges" took place.
Being situated near the bounda
ries of Lafayette and Vermilion, we
are somewhat posted on the politt
ical doings of the latter parish.
Unless an eye witness, no one has
the slightest conception .of how
"hot" things are over there. But
6 candidates for sheriff, 13 for as
sessor, 3 for clerk, and dozens for
minor offices, our readers may form
an idea of howr, "mixed" matters
stand.
Messrs. Romero and Lemaire of
loeria, were in town Sunday.
Miss Loquer, of St. Martinville,
is a guest of Miss Amelie Comeau,
of Home Plantation.
Misses Claire Labbe, Alarthe and
Emma Mouton, and Heloise Olivier
attended mass at Royville Sunday.
Messrs. Julian Mouton and Ed
ward Voorhies were viewing this
territory last week.
Mr. Joe Rageur drove to Lafa
yette Friday.
Dr. Felix Girard was called in
consultation Sunday with I)r. Scran
ton at Mr. V. Landry's.
In a late interview with our
friend, Mr. Domengeaux, "Chero
kee" understood that Mr. D would
not be a candidate for clerk of
court.
Our friends from the 5th ward
are having a little fun all by them
selves. A trio composed of Messrs.
Albert Labbe, Lucien Duhon and
Alcide Leblanc are pitched against
each other for constable.
A very pretty wedding took place
at Mauriceville Tuesday. Mr. Hi
laire Broussard a rising and popular
young merchant, took unto himself
a wdfe, in the person of Miss Co
rinne Broussard, an accomplished
and charming young lady. The
ceremony was celebrated at high
mass by Rev. Father (rimeaux. A
large number of friends and rela
tives were present, attesting to the
high esteem the groom and bride
are held in. The bridal couple "hap
py as larks" took the evening train
for Beaumont, Tex., where they.
will spend a part of the honey
moon. Bon voyage, a safe return,
and many good wishes for a long
and happy future.
The aspirant to political hon< rs
in this parish must stand by his col
ors. If a Democrat, let him abide
the teaching. and doctrines of l)e
mocracy. If a Republican, let him
fearlessly say so, and prove allegi
ance to Republicanism. No more
of the "ready for use" fellow who
sacrifices party for "pap." Is there
a Democratic party in Lafayette
and what constitutes it? It cannot
be the side-show, sectional, dissat
isfied, conglomerated hatred of a
limited few I It cannot be the po
litical mixture of all parties whose
late germination has caused so
much comment I It cannot be the
followers of some "one" whose
party convictions are based as bar
gains at a counter auction! These,
fellow-voters, sift and find out that
Democratic party, and after it has
been found, support it with your
words and your ballot. "Chero
kee" entertains the highest regards
for the man whose allegiance to his
party be true, whether he be a
Democrat, Republican or Populist
the matter cuts no figure. But oh !
such a difference between that man
and the '"individual" who straddles
the rail awaiting a fresher fall of
manna ! Between that man and
the fellow who trains his ear and
answers every blow of the whistle !
Between that man and the "one"
who sacrifices his party through the
influence of others begging for
office. The difference is vast, vast.
One is known and tried, the other
has been found wanting.
"Cherokee" belongs to no one
faction; he is a straight Democrat,
and he'll stand by the Democratic
party. Discrimination will be
closely practiced, and all candi
dates who are now violating Demo
cratic principles~ will get an old
time scratch over their names. No
more, no less.
By rights, the next State senator
of this district shouli come from
Lafayette. Some very first-class
selections could be made amongst
our parishoners. Fr instance, any
of thesewell-known D)emocrats wiould
fill that high offtice with distinction:
Wi\'m. Clegg.. l'aul DL)eClouet, Over
ton Cade, J. G. St. Julien, D)r. J.
DI). Tlrahan. Any gentleman picked
out of this quintette would rcere
sent the senatorial distri:t w th
much honor and satisfaction.
Mr. Jules Alciatore, ,f New 0-.
learns, was visiting his rel:tixves Sat
urday andti Sundiay.
I'. t.. Pov nuI, f't.'rlie.
Young were in New Iberia Sunday.
Mr. Lucien Broussard was a late
visitor to Royville.
We are informed that the Voor
hies-Martin combination does not
exist and the rumor to that effect is
not true. CHEROKEES
THE KILLING OF DR. D. T.
COURTNEY.
Communicated.]
What inspiration do we draw from this
dreadful occurrence? Is is not the logical
sequence of the conditions which have arisen
since the war; anti particularly the coaxing
and carressing, the petting and spoilingof the t
negro, by designing politicians, until the!
younger generation of negro bucks and;
wenches have lost that wholesome respect:
for the white man, without which two races.
the one inferior, cannot live in peace and
harmony together. .Is it not every day
manifest when your house-girl informs yout
that "Miss Johnsing (your cook) says din-r
ner is ready; that Mr. Jones (your hostler)
will hitch up the buggy in a minute as he is
busy talking to a lady (your washerwoman)
at the gate. If you address one of the
younger generation with the "'uncle" or
"auntie," the older negroes delighted in
the chances and you will hear "I aint yoh
uncle, doggone you." The two negroes
who murdered young Courtney are not par
ticularly vicious looking. Thousands of
more disreputable looking colored men than
they, are daily pursuing their avocations:
amongst us. They are simply the offshoots •
of the conditions mentioned, for whAic ;
renegade whites-thrice doubly damned
traitors to their race-are responsible, and
who ought to be made particeps crininis to
every crime traceable to these abnormal
conditions.
This crime was ntot the result of a trap
set to catch Courtney. It was simply a com
bination of circumstances that brought this
gallant young advocate of white supremacy
to the fatal spot at the moment when the
wretches had worked themselves up into a
passion which eas;il turned to frenzy at the
sight of one who had made himself promi
nent advocating "white supremacy." There
is no doubt that summary vengeance would
have been meted out the murderdous
wrethes had the affair been wider known
that night. As it .was, some time during
the night the scoundrels returned to their
cabin, where one was found in a deep sleep
the following morning by the deputy who
arrested them, the other being at work on
the place. Sheriff Fontenot hearing that a
band of men were organizing to break open
the jail that night, had the prisoners con
veyed to Alexandria for keeping until the
Grand Juay meets. The Grand Jury meets
Monday and doubtless a speedy trial of the
incarnate fiends will be obtained. Their
fate is sealed bevondr the peradventure of a
doubt for even if the technicalties of law
which disgrace our statute books snould ac
quit them an outraged public will wreak a
terrible vengeance ill some form or otlher.
The people of St. Landry have at last
made up their minds to follow the - gallant
example of Lafayette and the slogan of
white supremacy is swelling daily louder and
louder.
If the renegade politicians of the past;
if the: conservative and law abiding melln of
color who desire to live in peaze and who
have learned that politics has ever brought
their race nothing but woe, are wise, tlhey
will hued the muttterings of the distant
thunder, for "When the snow mcelteth there
shall come a flood.''
The dastardly murder of Courtney has
aroused a tempest that has beetn brewing
for years. As his dead body was laid to
rest in the graveyard of Grand Coteau tnear
the \Vikofts tombs many a vow was regis
teresd and many a muttered oath was heard.
Tile Knights of White Supretmacy through
out the \Attakapas timourn with uttnfeiged
grief the loss of l)ochesne Courtney and cx
tend to his bereaved relatives their profound
symnpathy in this the hour of their great
surrouV.
T'hey feel that no more fitting monument
call be erected over his sacred ashes thanl
the tristtuph of the \Vlhite League principles
which this unfortunate young man so ably
defendled in his coumaunity.
At any and alltitnes
"How shockinsg must thy sunlons be 0( IDeath I
T1r hint that is at rase inll t. possesslons
Wio cruntnll or- lonlg: yeur ot pleasure here
Is quite unturtllshed for that world to come,"
but for a nole specimen of Caucasion man
hood to be struck dowvn by a dusky wretch
"W'ith twesnty trenched gashes on his head
The Ieast a death to nature"
is the
"Utnkindest cut of all."
Verily,
It is a vile thingto die * *
When men are unprepared, and look not for it,"
but it is inevitable since "In the midst of
of life twe are in death," but for a Cauca
sian to be struck down to death by a negro
brute without proyocatian, calls not alone
for vengeance but for a readjustment of those
conditions which have led up step by step
to the want of respect which the average
negro buck has for his superiors. The peo
ple Lafayette, be it said to ther honor. have
determined never to submit to it again.
Tl'he people of Lafayette mourn poor Court
ney as a victim on that hottest of political
altars, the altar of white supremacy.
A Good Show Conning.
We are advised that Pawvnee Bill's com
bined R. K. Sitw., HIistorical \Vild \Vest,
Indian MlusetLni, Grand Mexican 1tippo
drome and LExpositiou of Trainied Anin.als,
and Coigress of Noted Chiefs and Cow Boys,
Vaqueros iantid a limitless numbser of special
features, will pay us a visit within a short
space of timne. It is under a mtanagemenit
which has, in the past twelve years, gained
a most enviable reputation for dealing hon
estly and liberally with the public, and of
presenting many features new and startling,
and many feats which delight, airaze atld
amuse. Our exchanges speak in the highest
terms of both the exceptional merit anti
high character of this grand combnlination,
and it i" the kind of show to which oar
readers will extend a hearty welcome. Gen
uine novelties and something new at reason
able prices, in place of empty bombast atd,
brazen extOration, are what people want
now, andti will liberally patronize.
The Shreveport Times tells us
that many of the leading McEnery
men in the last camtpaikn are favor
able to the norninstion of Gov.
Foster. Among the prom;cnent
Dem) crats mnientioned as sutpporters
of the prescnt chief executive are
Congressmuan Boatner, J. B. Snyder
of Madtlison, R. H. Snyder, C. C.
Cordill of T'en.as, Judge Stttlerlin
of l)eSoto, anti a host of others.
If The Times is well-inlormned, and
it generally is, (;o-. l*osster- is sure
of being nominated oni the first bal
tlot. l)ctnt crats all over the State
alpprec:iate the necessity of uniting
to defeat the olt eientuy, tlche Repulb
lican party, anti our erring friends,
the Pops.
Niotli:'.
1ly wife, l)rutilly Spell, has left sry Itel
tnl board, an it ! nstify th- puilic that I will
I st te responsible fi:r dsblts eontractel bhy
Last August while working in the
iharvest field I became overheated, [
i was suddenly attacked with cramps
i and was nearly dead. Mr. Cunm-i
i mings, the druggest, gave me a dose
of Chamiberlain's Colic, Choleta
and Diarrhoea Remedy which com
pletely relieved me. I now keep
a bottle of the remedy handy. A.
M. Bunnel, Centerville, Wash. For
sale by all druggists.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a ioc. smoke for 5c.
What Men Need Wives For.
Uncle Bab says: "W\Vhat does a
man want a wife for ? It is not
merely to" sweep the house, and
make the bed, and darn the socks.
and cook the meals, chiefly that a
man wants a wife. If this is all,
when a young man calls to see a
lady, send him into the pantry to
taste the bread and caEe she has
made; send him to inspect the
needle work and bed making; or
put a broom into her hands and
send him to witness its use. Such
things are important, and the wise
young man will quickly look after
them. But what the true man next
wants with a wife is her Companrion
ships sympathy and love. The way
of life has many dreary places in it,
and man needs a companion to go
.vith him. A man is sometimes
overtaken with mistortune; he
meets with failure and defeat; trials
and temptations beset him, and he
needs one to stand by and sympa
thise. He has some stern battles
to fight with poverty, wity enemies,
and with sin, and he needs a wo
man that, while he puts his arm
around her and feels he has some
thing to fight for, will help him
fight; that will put her lips to his
ear and whisper words of counsel,
her hand to his heart and impart
new inspirations. All through life
-through, storm and through sun
shine, conflict and victory, through
adverse and favoring winds-man
needs woman's love. The heart
yearns for it. A sister's or mother's
love will hardly supply the need.
Ye: many seek for nothing further
than success in housework. Justly
enough half of these get nothingF
more. The other half surprised
above measure have gotten more
than they so 'ght. Their wives sur
prise them by bringing a r obler
idea of marriage and disclosing a
treasury of courage, sympathy and
love. "-Exchange.
DIr. Davis' Compound Syrup of
WVild Cherry and Tar.
Everyone knows Wild Cherry and Tar
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
chitis Croup, Whooping Cough, all Lung
and Throat troubles, and when combined
with other drugs of the greatest value in
such diseases, as they are in DAVIs' \Vni.D
CIF.RRY AND TAR, it makes the remedy
you should have at hand 5oc. and St.oo
per bottle. Ask for DAvis' WILD CHERRY
AND TAR, NOT Wild Cherry and Tar.
Application PFor Pardon.
I am applying for a full pardon from a
sentence of eight months inl the State peni
tentiary for the lalceny of a cow at the last
term of coturt. Jost.pHr DfOMINGltE.
Succession Salo
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette-Succession of Dr.
Felix C. Latiolais,
deceased
17th Judicial District Court-No.
2025.
By virtue of an order issued out of the
17th Judicial District Court of Louisiana. in
and for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date Sept. 21, 1895, I am authorized and
commissioned to sell at public auction, at
the drugstore of the deceased in the town
of Hroussardville, Lafayette parish, La., on
the
31st day of October. 1895,
to the last and highest Ibidder, for cash,
the following described property, belonging
to said succession of said deceased, I)r.
Felix C. I.atiolais, to-wit:
Lot No. one-One certain tract of prairie
land situated in the parish of Lafayette ,n
Carencro, on thile west lbank of f"ayou Ver,
milin,. containinlg eighty-five and 501100
arpents-more or less--blounded north I)y
Pierre Prejean, lIorace Martin anl othler.s;
south by Roche Mlouton and IF. t)pui ,
east by Bavou Vermilion and west by prp
crty of Ernest Hernard, alnd Ale.an ler au I
Leonard Latiolais.
L.ot No. 2-One undivided half of a certain
lot situated in the town of Broaussard, i.:afa
yette parish, and designated on the tilat of
said town as lot No. five (5) in block *A.," K
measuring forty-six (46) feet ton .Morgan
aveltlue by one Ihunclrcd andil twenty f ct in
dlepth, together with the undivided half cf
the buildings and inmprvemcents thereon.
bounded ,lorth Iby lot belonging to Alphone
L. Broussard, east by Morgan avenue, south
lhv V. Broussard and west by Cath, lic
church property.
l.ot No. three--()ne certa:tn lot si:tuted
in the towtl of llroussardville, .lafayett
parish, and designated as lot No. live (5) in
block "'F," measuring forty-six anlI Slloo
feet on .Morgan avelue Iby one hundred en'd
twenty feet in depth, bounded.l no.rth by
Justillien Guillotte, south by J
i.. St. Julien, west by M.organ avenue.
Also lot of movahics, consisting of drugs,
paints and nittensils; house-hold furniture,
k.itchen utensils, &c.
ISAAC A. 3BRot:Ss.\RD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parisS.
Sept. 2S, S895.
Demand of Administration.
State of Iouisiana, l'arish of l.afa
yette--- 7th Judicial Dis
trict Court.
\Vherea Contant l.eger ha; filet in
sait co-urt a petition to he appointi'l Ad
mini,str.tor of the Succession of U; a :i
Cormier deceased. Any te~rrsonl ituteninug
to make any opl )stion t,, sii.l appointnent
will file the same in said courts wititi tel 1
Idays fromn publication of thir notice: other- 1
wise, S, said npp1inlntent will he mnadc,
Civen under. my official seal nd signatuTre
in the torn of lafayeltte, La.., this 36th day I
*SMitcne tler, ;. I ,.). IStS,
PEOPLES STATE BANKI.
CAPITAL, $25,000 .................... : . SURPLUS, 5,00
Does tl Ceneral Banking Businesed
CROW GIRARI), Pres. JOIIN O. MOU'TO\. Vice l'rec. S. R: PARKERSON, Cahie.:
THE ONLY GENUINI,
WILD WEST
IN ALi!kICA, WVI'ITI ITS
GREAT EU ROPEAN SUCCESSES,
IVil isit 'ourn City tlis Season. If it and I'a.t, IJr Day and Date.
At Lafayette, On Wednesday, Oct. 9a
PAWNEE BILL'S
HISTORIC WILD WEST
Indian .Mureum,, Grand .f/exican lippa d; oce, International Exposition of .Voveltied
and Grand M3ilit/arr Totruarnert;
THE MARVEL OF TiHE AGE AND
THE GREATIEST WILD WJEST IN TIIE WORLD.
- 5-, ' * ,-i'ý'rY-c -
A Fctw Of The Principal Fecttures.
A Tribe of Flat Head Indian, a T'riibe of Earth Ii..ng isgo;r Indiatn t a Troup sof oncha t from the
Pampas of South Armerica. Dexterous Holttts "L'hrowers, "Iso a ed ,f F-amous Black Trackers, better
knotsn as the Australian Ioomerang Throwets
T'he first ever brought to this country, a grotp of noted JAl'AN >S" LANCERS ATHLETES, in theidr
Famoutts word Cjol,ato t it.,trsetrcrk, "l'rs.ttplt ot (soie To tracse Arabs a Bevy of Beautiful Wild
Westerto Girls. includitng lates Lit R.y. the Queren ,,i :he Pirto. Par. Corey. the Crack Prstol Shot. Pon).
fob antI some of the noted Rs-anchnmen tatrtous or their Skill sithhtlre L.i.at and the Rounding up and.
Biranding of Cattle.
SEE T"HE FEATURES !
Real Indians, R presentives of all the %V;.rrike Tribcs
Sioux, Pawnree. Apasher. Chcrees. t'he.e. ChLk:ar.aasw aied ('ornsches. Great Chiefs liki
SP.(1I"l) TAIl. .htii-III -If.)R.'., LEIFT HAND. and others
Vild RIder's frona The P--atnpa
In 11hirlwind Equestrian Exh:biticos. -adl thses .N -j.-stic Sons of the Creeat Desert of the Orioni:
A BAND OF OENUINE BEDOUIN ARAB*
Who, c feats of skill wsth the Rile antd tayoeue:. and di.-plays of agili't. and strength, have never beeti
equaled.
TILE ONLY ILIERD OF IVIN.'G 3V7FFALO
Drove of Wild Teract Steers. Sttt: ..lutt.n ",,f tsnar'c,s t-auty. I ._kl;r: Ironchos of the purest
breed Ctharge. lot Mrexian.Standing ret. Indiat i'ott,:t. Ir.rt'--s,-, I'rpor.oesr. tquawst and an entiro
Indran V'illage-, a Band of Mohave Inciiaut and their ere..t ('rr.tirtion C.retnor-els J-)igger Indians front
loser Californta.
A Splendid Mexican Dautd. Th, features tof th New Orleans Expositiorn. Great
Mexican Charioteers, in exciting c.:testes; Cowbsx a i Scsuts chasino Bloodthirsty In
dians who have lburned dawn Trapper 'Font's Cabin and have roobed the Fort Still .Sta e
Coach. A race between the Batteries of Field Ar:tillery, andti the greatest shooting in the
world. Seen at every performance. ,'ond;crous Pyrotechnical Displays: The Mexilcat
Hippodrome Chariot and Standing Races unrivaled. Dashing Caballeros and Daszling
Senoritas. Cowboys past times and Vaqueros Vagaries. Indian skill with the Bow and
Arrow. Every feature every peaformanuce. Ladies itiftEIItran specially .'r -:4
Seats for everybody. Adnmission 50 cents. Children under nine years, half price.. One
ticker'.- .ir. 3"5 all. The (;rand Street parade besins whi-n the Cannon booms atio aS
m. every day. Listen for the Can:tn. ['is, L'.!iiiti.:o.s daily. Doors open at I and f
p. m. Performance begins one hour later.
-~!
SHERI 'F'S ;ALGE.
State of Louisiana, r7;th Judicial
District Court, Parish of
Lafayette, No. 39.3 j .
Peoples State Bank of " Tafavette,
La., vs. \Vcelnan Br: dfordl.
By virtue of a writ of i.mue an I
sale (under executory proess) isslud irotio
the Ii.,norabie Sevententh Juti:,id ettrict
Court in the above enti:le.i an 1 I.1 . .i)L-1 CJ
suit at'l to me directed, I h.tve c.:iicl an
taken into my possession an I wi!! rlil in the
mnininer prescribed Iy law t., t1 ,. itt ani
highest bidler, between Ileg:; sal h, .rs at
tihe front door of the court-hosle of said
parish on
Satlurday. Oct. 5, 1895,
the followting describetd prop rtv h.blt.nng
to We!tan ITralford. l.st , of Acadia ilar
ish, l.a., and situated in the parish of Lafit
yette to- ilt:
The nlthwtest quarter if section tw e-nty
one, townslip nlitne, s i'.th of ta ng three.
east L.ouisiant.t teridlian, an ti l o tatinin
one hundred an-l sisxty-six, acres acquired by
\Velman Bradford from the United States
gtvernmlent as per patent issuedI by the
United States govertnoent on October t.,
1891, with all tbuiliings and improvenitits
thereon situatedl: ionle horise cart; one wag
on. )one grindstone; one Creole horse: two
reapers an'l hinders: one mower; onle lot of
shingles of t4 bundles; one gang plotit; one
fifth of growing crop, say of 50 barrels.
Terils cash.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARII),
Shcriff of Lafayette parish,
Saturday, Aug. 2.1, S95.
Somnthing For Nothing.
Of all the recentt eltforts at writi ng the !ifc
of Napoleon in popular syla., Miss "l'arlbel's
easily leads, it point both of merit attI in
terest. It first appeared serially in .-T.°
C/ure's .1/iTgaiae, and ii now put  su th.'. in
a handso.nely printed cloth-ls-h.u,: I v;rotmh.
with 25o illustrations. I he booti is aa.tm
an enormnious s.ale at St.oo per c"uy-. lIt'L
LIC OPINION (New \'ork City) is actuatll
giving awavy this tine voime to new sa!,
scribers. \.'riVte for Ipaticultars.
FOR SALE !
Attetntioat isngc, Seekera and
ln ,to rs.
A chance rf you) r lhf: tim= t secure atn
idleal ionurie and pr'-itah!c farlm. Also the
BiE.U5TJOk Springs an.i P'ark situated
ont the banks of the be.uftiftt InBayto Vermil
ion. A large com,nottist: coitntrv t'esitlence
with TWO IIUNDIlKEII ARPEN'TS of
Etcell -nt lanIl. Soil very best for cultiva
io.l of Sugir Cants-, cIorn, cotton, etc.
nil:i fron the 1I ,uosn ,if lafavette IMtlf )
from Sui;ar R~tinury. .\ldy at str're
arsl'tFtV
SI1FIHF'FS SALE:
St.te of I.ouisiana, Parish of Lafas
v-ette, .No. g5So--Succes=
1 siu f Jacques
r vbitt tr of an i,: i-r issued out of th
17th Ju,lici.al [)i.tric Court in asnd for the
;.,i;:, of La.fayctte, hearing dat-.Sept i1;
'i., andi to rtc ditcctedl, I have been au
thrite,l and enipo.vrercd to sell and will self
at pubLic aect.,,u at thei front door of the court
h"-auc rof th."e sati*i parish, to the iWist tini
highest hiilcr. hetweri legal sale liottur or
Satrrday. Sept. 28, 1895;
th', f.llwin ,lescrihb.l property. to-witi
ILot No. One--- l'he caimn of said Succes:
i:,n agai1it the Utnite.l States r the tftlsat
istled lan claims beig t. B. B.,V. Dist I:
1427, for So ar pents I. 1428;' for 320 ar
pnti 14. r429, for 24- arpe9ts, B. 1430r;
f.-r 450, arpent i. It. 14^ r, for t6o arpents, B:
!471, for 400 arpctn, Il. 1870; for 440 ar=
p "lts, in all 204' arp,nts.
Lot two-The clai,is of said successiorn
ag !anst thle U.tcd St.les for tthe unsatisfied
land claims known as C. No 1347, for 23j
at pc'nts in the report of land board dater
\aty 1S15.
Lot three-Attakapas warrant, No. 7tS;
s.eris of uly IS 112, for 50 acres of cypress
swamp 1lan1 on Grosse Fete. B.ayou Ester
phen.
Lot four--The claims of said successioji
aia:ltst the United States for the utnsatisfied
lanld claims ein t I). - \Vest I)lstrict of
.ouisiana, No. 1433, for 320 arperiti, A:
;0o 1462, for 563 arpents and B. 1870, fof
44o arpents, in all 1320. arpent.
"I riis Cash.
IS.\AA( A. BROUSSAfrfI
Sept. I.. S!crilI of Lafayette parisl,
Shcri'f1 Sal e,
R. P. Martin v.I rank CottiYa -
3r Tstice,' Cottti Pabrish
of ".afay tte, La.
It' ".irr"of a n tierissued frdt Ef t
Shn,:ac ti Mt I ices court.of Laft'
S"tte al:ish. La, rind to nme directed. I
na'e seLze.l and .i ".: 17 e Cof e het;
last aRlli high.eit lN, l, at the coust-boe
do.ir In the t'i:'n of 1,. fayette, ot.a.
t Saturday, to. 2, t18t1"
Cast s.r
the fosllowsno" de- ' ) ProLp.rty, tO.s.it:
A i.- a fraction f flot *iith t
-n lotofreaua's bste 1stai 'suri i
tcit Nortft ,ad .5,1 t 73
an 1 W~est m (ondeit1qed t
Street, West b'y Frank lasri : 2
r .5 .s x- Ce tft f .e Gest.