-....- " ". .... .... ... " '-. ..*- .. "--- ............... . ... .. * . . " . '- *. . . .. . . . ." - " .., ,- "
. LAFAYETTE GAZETTE
-V U IL LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1893. NUMBER 28.
_.i. . t o. . , -.-....   ";
- STABLL
-rncn nrIsosC
[Copwwikit, ,sos
by the Author.1
T is all very well
for Dives, revel
ing in purple
..and fine linen
and ftring
' s2a p tuoualy
" ¢ every day, with
e v'e rything
about him ealieulated° to make life
pleasant, to sit in his arm-chair and
talk in a grandiloquent way about the
cowardiee of- the suiiede.
If Dives had been in my shoes on a
certain night in the merry ponth of
May, some few years ago, and'feWlt the
pangs of hunger as I felt them, I fancy,
somehow he would be strongly inclined
to modify his opinions. -
Hungry? I sas -htagrtf! And whesi ha
two o'elook i~i 4the -morning, Laving
tramped it from Cambridge. I flung my
self down on the grass just outsidle the
grand stand on Newmarket Reath, I
felt so utterly done up, faint sawd ex
hausted, that I would have gladly wel
comed death in any shape or form at
that moment.
Vell born, and my early days passed
in the lap of luxury, there I lay like a
dog, hungry (I bad neither had bite nor
sup for twenty-four hours) with no
money to buy food, and without a
friend or relative ih the world to lend
me a helping hand; -and yet Dives and
his friends would have called me a
coward had I put an end to my wretch
ed existence.
-It was lucky that I had not the
means to do so-not even a pocket
knife-that- memorable May night,
otherwise the trainers when they came
on to the Heath wvth their horses in
the early morning would have as
suredly found something that they
would not have cared about looking at
twice.
Bodily- exhaustion, as a rule, pro
duces sleep, but very often, if it is too
pronounced, it has a precisely opposite
effect. - So it proved in my case. Faint
and weary, as I was, the repose I so
much needed flatly declined to come
to my rescue.
So I lay awake, thinking, thinking
always thinking; now of the past, now
of the future- for I was still young,
and, downtrodden as I was, still capa
ble of building castles in the air.
It was one of thesp palatial edifices
I found myself building now, odd
though it may seem.
One of the trainers at the headquar
ters of the turf had taken me up and
given me a position of trust in his es
tablishment. One of our horses had
won the Cesarewitch and Cambridge
shire, and I, beside "standing in" with
the stable when they backed him, had
won a small fortune by supporting him
at long odds, for the double event, on
my own account- The whole thing
seemed so real that 1 felt for the mo
ment quite buoyant and happy, and
should in all probability base shortly
gone off into a tranquil doze, when all
of a sudden the sound of humath voices
in the distance and the unmistakable
ttamp of horses' feet, fell upon my ear.
It would not be daylight for at least an
hour yet. Who could they be?
Now, I was well-versed in turf-mat
ters-in fact, to speak the truth, it was
in a great measure my partiali+ for
the sport of kings that had brought me
to the position I found myself in; con
sequently on bringing my mind to bear
on the subject, I very quickly solved
the riddle-or thought I" had, at all
events. Yes, I had, I felt sure.
The only possible eacuse br a trainer
bringing his horses on to the Heath at
this hour of the morning was to bring
off a trial, and what was more a very
important one.
The time of year, too, just ten days
before the Derby, was all in favor of
my theory. Yes, it was a Derby trial
that was comin off, I felt comvinced,
and what was more I meant to witness
it.
How I chuckled to myself as I crawled
along the grass like a snake until I
reached the rear of the stand, well out
of sight, when I ventured to peep out.
There, standing exactly opposite the
racecourse itself, were. five horsemen.
One I recognized. -imddiately dark as
it was as a well- cnown trainer who had
a prominent Derby favorite under his
charge; the other four, three of whom
were mounted on thoroughbreds,
hooded and clothed, were evidently
jockeys. -
The m rning was still, and I could
hear every word the trainer uttered.
"You know what to do now, don't
you?" said he, addressing a jockey who
was astride a chestnut with two white
hind legs. "Frank will make the pace
as hot as he can. with the -old horse,
and if you can hold him n1l the way on
the youbhg 'un, beat him at the finish,
or even run him close, the Derby's all
over but shouting. So now eut away,
my lads, down to the starting post. I'll
stop here, exactly opposite the judge's
box, and Bob Joyce will start you."
Not another word was said. The
trainer took pphisposition, the others
cantered away down the course, and
last, but not least, I crawled on all
fours from my hiding place, and crept
along uqder.co.ver of the darkness until
I had taken the trainer In flank.
He was un frost of the judge's box; I
ess just beside it.
That was the only difference betwveen
A faint yellow light just appeared on
the horizon, denoting that daylight
would soon be with us, when a plight
noise in the distance caused his cob fb
prick his ears and the trainer- -to turn
his head sharp to the left, and peer into
the daurknes .
"They'r9~Jib" - I heard him exelaim,
4Mthe so-ubt of horses galloping could
.ow be plainly heard •
Qzn thll name menwarr .a nearer
Crack, went a whip. Some one was
calling on his horse for an efort.
The: next Instant the three horses
lashed past us; the chestnut with the
white hind legs first.
The trainer gave his thigh a triumph
ant. smack, as he exclaimed: "By
the Lord Harry, but he's a stone better
than I thought he was."
Now was my time for action, and I
seized it.
"I cOfldatulate you, Mr. Sname,"
was all I said.
Short speech as it was, it was quite
enough to nearly make the trainer
tumble of his horse with astonish
ment.
"W-w-where did you come from
aiiai wh- b~sinese-hewe yo-heere?" he
stammered, graspipgeh~ , hunting whip
at the same time i-rather an ominous
manner.
"Never mind, sir, where I came
from," replied I, coolly, "but I don't in
the least mind telling you my business
on the Heath this morning. T came
here expressly to see the Butterfly
Colt put through the mile for the
hJerby, and I congratulate you, now I
have witnessed it, on having such a
good horse in your stable. Good morn
tag, Mr. Snaffle."
"Here, not so fast!" exclaimed the
trainer. "I'm not going to let you go
like this. Come, you don't look quite
so wefto do in the world as you might;
what will you take to come to my
house straight away and remain there
until, msay, four o'clock this afternoon?
After that I'll give you leave to go
Sway and tell all about the trial to
everyone you meet. Will you take five
hundred?"
"Down on the nail, and the promise
of another monkey if the Butterfly colt
wins the Derby and I'm on," was my
reply.
"Done!" said the trainer, holding out
his hand for me to shake. "Don't say a
word to the others." he whispered,
"but come along with me at once."
I was in no hurry to leave the worthy
man,as the reader may guess; on thecon
trary, no leech was ever more anxious
to cling to a human body than I was to
him, had he known. I aecordingly
hung on to the trainer's stirrup and
trotted by his side as he went off to
join the horses, who had now pulled up
and were waiting for him.
Silence was the order of the day, but
there was a very satisfied look on
everybody's face that spoke more elo
quently than words, as the order for
"march" being given the small troop of
cavalry, Mr. SnaffBe and myself taking
up the rear, moved off towards the "top
o' the town," where the trainers' stables
were situated.
That worthy did not want to lose
sight of me, it was very evident; for no
sooner had he jumped off his hack and
handed it to a lad, than seizing me
by the arm he said: "Now, my man,
come into the house and let you and I
have a talk."
The jockeys, who by this time had
dL'inounted, seemed rather astonished
as they glanced somewhat comtemptu
"I CONGRATULATE YOU, MB. SrAFFLE.a
ously at my general get-up and appear
anue, which I need scarcely say had
bee; allowed to run to seed terribly of
late, bhut whatever their thoughts were
they took care not to express them.
You see they know how to hold their
tongues at Newmarket.
My story is done. Suffice it to say
that whilst I was in his house, on pa
role as it were, the trainer "did" me
uncommonly well-the breakfast I ate
that morning was a caution-and kept
his word to the letter as to monetary
arrangements.
After all, said and done, the sum I
was paid for holding my tongue was
not a penny too much, for the large
commission that was worked that very
morning all over London could never
have been executed at the good price it
was, had I chosen to open my mouth.
However, as long as I was satisfied
that was all that was necessary.
The Butterfly colt won the Derby,
and as I had backed him on my own
account for a cool hundred, beside the
"monkey" to nothing I was put on by
the stable, I felt remarkably comfort
able when settling day arrived.
I invested my earnings in a share in an
S. P. book in a manufacturing town in
the Midlands, and a very profitable con
cern it is; so profitable, indeed, that I
rarely if ever back one now. If I do, it
is one in my old friend SnaefBe's stable,
you may depend.
A Patient man.
"You're a scientific man, ain't you?"
he said.
"Yes."
"Do you think, honestly, that it's
possible for a man to prolong his life?"
"'Assuredly."
" Well, Cap.. take me under trainin'
right now. I11 sign a contract for a
hundred years with the privilege of re
newal at the end of that time."
,"Why,xman, I can't undertake any
thing like that. What do you want to
live so long for, anybow? Any sensible
man would get enough of this life in
eighty or ninety years."
"Maybe he would; but it's a matter
of curiosity to me."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, you see, the government owes
me money. Ain't any doubt about its
owin' the claim at all. An' somehow
er hther I've got a fool idea that I'd like
to 1e on hand to se it pald."--Wash*
BTORYI OF AN INVENTi.R
The Man Who Oave to the World
She Trpewriter.
0. Katama Laesee. of Mlwaakem, and the
Wenderfl Works Re WrouLght-HM
Drew oe Proat from the'ruit
oef Rs Unique Ienius.
[Speelal Milwaukee (Wis.) Letter.]
Thickly covered with grimy dust
there recently reposed in the junkroom
of a Milwaukee machinist the remains
of the first successful typewriter ever
built. The machine which has revolu
tionized commercial correspondence
had lain thus amid ignoble surround
intgs, quite forgotten, for over twenty
years, but, like John Brown's body, its
soul was marching on.
a"I saved it because the ivory in the
keys was worth something, and I
thought I could use it over again some
time," said the machinist to the
writer. "If you want to pay for the
ivory you can have it." A ain was
immediately struck at $1, and both
parties to the transaction were abun
dantly pleased. Four times the size
of the machine on the market to-day,
a drayman was hired to bring the relic
from the machinist's, and when a tape.
measure was applied to it, it wqs
found to be two feet across by two and
a half long. It had been larger, for it
was somewhat dismantled.
When in working order there was a
printing carriage that moved across
the top and printing types that were
arranged as they now are in the stand
ard machines. The keyboard, as is
shown in an accompanying view, was
modeled after that of the piano, there
being a row of white and a row of black
keys, back of which was a third row of
round brass keys, from which the idea
of the present keyboard was eventually
taken.
Every schoolboy knows, or has ample
opportunity to know, that Elias Howe
invented the sewing machine, and he
knows, also, if he knows anything,
that the cotton gin was invented by
Whitney." These names appear in his
text books of history. The names of
Morse and Fulton are inseparably asso
ciated with the telegraph and the
steamboat, and ere long the name of
Bell will be familiar to the schoolboy
as connected with the origin of the
telephone. It is doubtful if there has
been since the production of the sew
ing machine any invention so notable
as that of the typewriter, or one de
stined to so completely penetrate the
business life of the world-thB tele
phone, even, not excepted. Away back
in 1867 the Scientific American said
c. LATHAM SHOLES.
editorially that the man who would
invent a successful writing machine
would not only secure a fortune, but
would confer a blessing on mankind.
That that journal spoke truer words
than it may have realized cannot be
doubted when we bear in mind that
one manufactory alone last year sold
28,000 machines. And how many know
even the name of the inventorpf this
wonderful machine? It is C. Latham
Sholes. He died at his home in Mil
waukee about three years ago.
The story of the typewriter's origin
is remarkable "and interesting. Al
though for years in poor health, DMr.
Sholes was a man of great energy. His
inventive genius possessed him at all
times, and his mind was busy with me
chanical problems day and night. He
had been a printer and an editor, but
at the time the typewriter was in
vented was collector of the port of
Milwaukee, having been some years
earlier editor of the Milwaukee Sen
tinel. He contrived several labor sav
ing devices for use in the publishing
business, principal among which was
a mailing machine, which was quite
generally used until improvements
upon it were put on the market. The
invention that foreshadowed the type
writer was that of a paging machine
to be used by bookinders and others.
Mr. Sholes was at work upon this
when he was collector, and a Mr.
Samuel Soule, an old acquaintance
and also a printer, was interested with
him in it. They were trying to pro
duce a machine that would print the
serial numbers of pages upon the
leaves of blank books already bound
and also upon bank notes. They had
their models made at a little machine
shop on State street presided over by a
man named Kleinsteuber, and this
brought them in contact with Mr.
Carlos Glidden, who was getting up a
machine to supplant the plow, and
which he called a "spader." While
Mr. Glidden was quite closely identi
fled with the invention of the type
writer, it so happened that his prin
cipal contributiop to its production
was the suggesttbn that such a ma
chine be gotten up.
"WVhy," said he, "can't you make a
machine that will print letters as well
as figures?"
Mr. Sholes said he thought he might
and that he would try, anyway.
Nothing was done, however, until a
month nafterwnard. when a copy of the
Scientiflo American came to hand con
taining a dep'ription of a machine
Uod * "pterovtyV,." iavented br ea
Ameriean named John Pratt, then a
resident of England. The "pterotype"
was practically a writing machine, or
at least embodied the typewriting
idea, and the journal containing the
article commented on it editorially
and said what has already been quoted
regarding the importance that would
attach to the successful invention of
such a machine.
Gidden showed the paper to Sholes,
and the latter was inspired to begin
active experiments, Soule being also
induced to help in the endeavor. They
made Kleinsteuber's place their ren
dezvous, and interested the proprietor
and his head workman, Matthias
ARST ZSYBOAaD AID ItAMX.
Schwalbach, in the work. As with
many other inventions, there were
wonstant discouragements met with
wfdle the idea was being worked out.
Various principles were tried and then
liscarded, and the experiments were
found by no means inexpensive.
It was in Septenber, 1867, that a ma
chine was finally produced that would
write. The inventor was in high
feather, and letters were at once writ
ten on the machine and sent to per
sons who had been cognizant of the
work. So satisfied was Mr. Sholes that
he had produced a machine of prace
tical commercial value that he put the
cumbersome affair on an express
wagon and brought it to the office of
a Milwaukee life insurance company.
"I wouldn't give the thing table
room," said the president in his usual
gruff though well-meaning way, when
the work of the machine had been
demonstrated. The inventor was
somewhat cast down, but he lived to
see that very company devote a large
corridor in its building to typewriters,
perfected from this machine which
had been so heartlessly laughed at.
This first typewriter, as will be seen
by the illustration, was built of wood
almost entirely, and was crude enough,
compared with the machines of to-day.
It was so far satisfactory, however,
that it wrote rapidly and accurately,
although plainly not yet sufficiently
perfected to be put upon the market.
One very noticeable defect was that a
sheet could not be seen until the writ
ing was completed and the plan of
printing through the paper against the
ribbon was bad, necessitating, as it did,
the use of tissue paper entirely.
One of the letters written on the first
typewriter was sent to James Dens
more, Meadville, Pa., and he was so
impressed by the invention that he
asked to become financially interested
in improving it. He was permitted to
join the enterprise by paying all ex
penses up to date and was given a
fourth interest in the machine. lie
did not see the invention until 1868.
He regarded it as valuable only be
cause it demonstrated the feasibility
of machine writing, and he encouraged
1Mr. Sholes to persevere in bringing it
to a state of perfection, offering to pay
all expenses. A shop started at Chi
cago was abandoned after fifteen ma
chines had been made, and Messrs
Soule and Glidden drew out of the en
terprise, Mr. Sholes then fitting up a
workshop in a little stone building in
the milling. district of Milwaukee,
where water power from a canal was
available. This building has since dis
appeared. Within its dingy walls the
work of perfecting the invention'
progressed, and by dint of work that
was wearing on the patience and en
ergy of the inventor, a machine that.
was considered complete was finally
turned out. It was put in the hands of.
a stenographer, and afterward sent to
James Clephane, of Washington, whose
opinion was considered valuable. Mr.
Clephane tried the machine, and it:
gave way literally under the test. An-I
other was sent him, and in the course
of time several, each having some im
provement, met a similar fate. For
once Mr. Sholes despaired, but Mr.
Densmore insisted that it was really
the salvation of the invention, show
ing the weak spots that would injure
it in the market, and laid stress on the
necessity of producing a machine that
anyone could use. In 1873 the machine
was thought to be completely worked
out as to detail, and the proprietors
mE orID SHOLES REsIDEn E.
looked about for a firm so situated as
to make it for the market, and their
search resulted in a contract being
made with an Ilion (N. Y.) firm.
Itwas even some time after this that
the typewriter as the general public
knew it was put successfully on the
market, for with even the nicety with
which the finished mechanics there
turned out the parts of the machine
many alterations were found neces
sary. Competitors soon sprang up,
but, with few exceptions, the general
plan of Sholes' machine was adhered
to. The method of throwing up the
types, the printing ribbon, the key
board and even the frame were in
dorsed, so to speak, by the rival in
ventors, and seemed to be accepted as
the best that genius could devise. But
AIr. Sholes' labors had not ceased.
Stricken down with a lung diglculty
and confined tb his bed, he employed
his time in making improvements on
his own inventions, and many of these
were incorporated Jn the machines then
put on the uasuket. and are still used.
ldaabREQ UuA:r.
RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL.
-The earth is our workshop. We
may not curse it; we are bound to
eanctify it.-Mazzini.
-Beware of despairing about your
self; you are commanded to put your
trust in God and not in yourself.-St
Augustine.
-The Bible house in New York has
added a new language to its Bible is
sues. The Bible has been issued in the
language of the Gilbert islanders.
Universalist.
-According to Canon Farrar, about
4,000 clergymen of the Church of Eng
land are out of employment. Another
writer declares that about an equal
number are miserably underpaid.
-Jay Gould's family is to bud a
memorial church at Roxbury, N. Y.,
costing $250,000 and bearing on its cor
ner stone this inscription: "To the
glory of God and in the memory of Jay
Gould."
-To do an evil action is base; to do a
good action. without incurring danger,
is common enough; but it is the part of
a good man to do 'great and noble
deeds, though he risks everything.
Plutarch.
-It is at great thing to love Christ so
dearly as to be "ready to be bound and
to die" for him, but it is often a thing
not less great to be ready to take up
our daily cross and to live for him.-
John Caird.
-What is the purpose of life? "Hap
piness," says one. "No; usefulness,"
affirms another. A third assures us
that 'tis stoicism. The gospel alone
.teaches that the true end of life is
character.-St. Louis Republic.
-Three panels of stained glass repre
senting the command "Feed my sheep"
will be placed in St. Margaret's church,
near Westminster abbey, as a memo
rial to Phillips Brooks. The church will
also send a subscription of $1,000 to the
Harvard memorial
-Dr. Henry W. Williams, for many
years professor of ophthalmology in
the medical department of Harvard
University, and who resigned two
years ago, has promised the medical
faculty $25,000 for the endowment of a
full professorship of opthalmology.
-An Ohio church is reported in this
year's narrative of the state of religion
as having sold its parsonage and put
the proceeds into a steeple. Whether
the minister is expected to live in the
steeple is not stated, and the state of
religion indicated by this move is left
to be inferred.-Boston Congregation
alist.
-During the past year, the American
Tract society has circulated 2,480,700
periodicals, and 202 colporteurs have
made 154,329 visits. The benevolent
department has received in gifts and
legacies $101,471.73, the amounts from
other sources making a total of $204,
142.25 in this department. The busi
ness department has received $2568.24.
02. In fifty-two years the colporteurs
have made 14,163,167 family visits.
National Baptist.
-At a recent meeting of the board of
trust of Vanderbilt university (Nash
viille, Tenn..) Prof. James II. Kirkland
was elected chancellor to succeed Dr.
L. C. Garland, who resigned two years
ago. The new chancellor is a native
of South Carolina, having been born at
Spartanburg in 1850. He wet gradu
ated from Wofford college in his native
town in 1877, and spent the six years
following his graduation as tutor and
assistant professor in (Greek. In 1885
he received the degree of Ph. D. from
Leipzig, and was elected professor of
Latin in Vanderbilt university, which
chair he has held since.
WIT AND WISDOM.
-The way to mend the bad world is
to create the right world.--Emerson.
-"Does Mr. Lynch suffer from
chronic thirst?" "Oh, dear, no. He
doesn't wait long enough."-Pick-Me
Up.
--3Mrs. aggs-Words can not express
my contempt for you. Snaggs-I'm
glad to hear it. Now I will have a lit
tle peace.--N. Y. Times.
--Stiggles-WVhat makes you think
that he is familiar with Latin? Stag
gles-If he wasn't he would never
dare take such liberties with it.-Buf
falo Courier.
--"Puffer has quit smoking alto
gether. Did his wife break him?"
"Yes." "How did she?" "I think
with spring dresses and bonnets."
Inter Ocean.
-Philosophers go about saying this
is woman's age. According to her own
account woman denies it-denies hav
ing any agei;he is always young.
Flaming Sword.
-No Need to Be Lo.g.-Col. Bloo4
(of Louisville)-Here's an article on
"The Water We Drink." Col. Gore
(also of Louisville)-Short article, isn't
it?-Detroit Free Press.
-Mana's forgiveness may be true suad sweet,
But yet he stoops to give it, More complete
Is Love that lays forgiveness at thy feet,
And pleads with thee to raise it.
-Adelaide Proctor.
-The most important fact in our evo
lution, and the cause of the present
phase of existence, with its blinding
encasements of matter and evil, is the
growth of a personal will.-E. 1.
Walker.
-Mrs. Larimer-Didn't you forget
yourself, John, in wishing the bride
many happy returns of the day? Mr.
Larimer-Not at all, love. She is a
Chicago woman.-Pittsburgh Chronicle
Telegraph.
-Quill--Vhy is it you have no women
writers on the "Bugle?" Screed--Be
cause the managing editor always tells
a beginner to keep his eyes and ears
open and his mouth shut.--Kate Field's
Washington;
-Yonng Wife-Now, sir, I've given
you half my picnic pies, and you prom
ised to work for them--- Tramp
Bless your sweet eyes, mum, I did-as
I wmas eatin' of 'em.-Cleve!land Plain
Dealer.
-Remember that the mind of your
child is like a mirror, reflecting all
around it. The wanton oath, the angry
exclamation, the obscene jest may op
crate upon the young heart like the
careless drop of water on the polished
steel leaving a rust which no after
eleansing can wbholly o.ae..-1-*
burgh CathoUl
AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
CONVENIENT BARN.
Excellently Adapted for the seeping et
Sheep and Dairy CowS.
In the accompanying illustrations are
given the elevation and the interior
arrangement of a farm barn that
probably gives the most room for the
money of any that could be devised.
Its square construction and iat roofs
permit all the hay and fodder to be
placed above the first floor, thus leav
ing this entire floor free for the
quartering of stock, while the cellar
below can be utilized for the storing of
roots, which should form no inconsider
able part of the feed consumed by the
atock, and for the storage of the man
are, the root cellar being, of course,
PIO. 1.-PERSPECTIVE VIEW OF BARN.
separated from the manure pit by a
tight wall. A perspective view of the
barn is shown in Fig. 1.
Such a barn is excellently adapted
for the keeping of sheep, three sides of
it being devoted to the pens for these,
while the feeding of all the sheep can
be done from the main floor; or, it can
be very well made to serve the purpose
of a dairy barn, with a silo in one
corner, extending from a cemented
floor in the cellar to the hay and
fodder floor. When arranged for
sheep, the pen can be advantageously
arranged, as shown in Fig. 2, each pen
having communication with the
neighboring pen, and also with the
feeding floor.
An inside feeding rack may be used,
into which hay and other fodder can be
pitched directly from the feeding floor,
and this, in some respects, is the best
plan to pursue, for it permits a tight
PEN w PEN
FIG. 2.-FI.OOR PLAN FIG. 3.-FLOORPLAN
FOR SHEEP BARN. FOR DAIRY BARN.
board fence between the feeding floor
and the pens, to a height of three feet
or so. thus keeping the lambs from
coming through from the pens to the
feeding floor and soiling the floor and
hay. But if the flocks are fed directly
from this floor, let a perpendicular
opening be provided for each sheep to
feed through, rather than the long hor
izontal opening provided by the re
moval of one board from the partition,
which is so commonly seen, but which
necessitates the wearing off of all the
wool above the sheeps' necks, to the loss
of the wool and to the cheeps' manifest
disflgurement. These upright openings
can be made by removing at least two
boards from the partition, and using
slats, or rounds just far enough apart
to admit a sheep's head and neck with
the greatest comfort. If the barn is to
be used for dairy purposes, an interior
arrangement, such as is seen in Fig. 3,
will be found convenient. In either
case hay and fodder is placed in the
second story by driving the hay carts
into the central feeding floor and rais
ing their contents through a central
"well," or large opening in the center
of the second story floor by means of a
hay fork. this well being properly pro
tected by a tight wall around it four
feet or more in height. To make it im
possible for children to fall through
such an opening, even though protect
ed by a high wall, the opening may be
covered, when not in use, by a hinged
grating.-DI. Worcester, in Agricultur
ist.
LIVE STOCK NOTES.
WHEN a sheep dies it leaves enough
to pay its debts.
SEE that the horse collars are kept
soft and free from dirt or sore shoulders
will be sure to result.
KEEP lambs growing well during the
first year by giving them the choicest
pasture with some grain.
GIVE the work horses plenty of grain
food with enough protein or muscle
forming food to keep them in condition.
GCVE calves milk which has been
brought to blood heat. Cold lmilk, sour
milk and too large quantities of it at a
time are some of the fruitful causes of
scours.
IF possible give the bull the range of
a good sized pasture. If this is imprae
tical, at least buil4 a large paddock for
him to exercise in and supply him with
succulent food.-Orange Judd Farmer.
aocess in the Dairy.
Many native cows are really excellent
dairy cows. If they were bred to a good
bull, who has come from a family
known to be great milkers, their calves
would be valuable and well worth rais
ing for the dairy. This is the whole
secret of success in the dairy. Breed to
animals whose records are known and
do not take service from any scrub ani
mal. The progeny of a scrub cow may
be improved each generation and a good
herd of dairy cattle formed if care be
given to the record of the male, but a
scrub bull can never do any gobd, either
in making a herd or improving one.
Bear this fact continually in mind, a
scrub ball is fit only for the butcher.
N. E. HLomestead.
Use of the Harrow.
When wheat is to follow corn, pota
toes or beans the breaking plow may
often be dispensed with provided the
soil is in good condition. A disk har
row will cut from four to six inches
deep and make a tine, loose soil, which
may be easily compactedl by the roller.
This will reduce the cost of preparation
very materially auL sometimes savq
many valuabl da'
VENTILATING HIVES.
Nmme Its eally LiStSle Dmger t C3IIhUI ,.
the Breed im Summi r.
I have always had more or 'lesr"
trouble every season with combs melt
ing down and causing the bees to leave
the hive. Swarms that are hived oe -
empty combs and extracting supers
often break down, especially if they
are set in the sun. In the majority of
my frames the combs are not wired in,
but built from "starters " I am ne"
sure but that it is more economical ins
the end to have combs bert"t- nit ' tl~
sheets of foundation that have been
firmly braced by line wire. I have nev
er had any trouble with such combs,
but the cost is considerably more th;4
when built from 'starters."
Some of my hives are exposed to the
sun, and when large swarms areplaced
on unwired combs they are very apt to -
break down unless well ventilated or
shaded. Extracting supers are still
worse, for when the combs are nearly
filled with honey and break it makes
a very nasty, dauby mess. By giving
thorough ventilation we can overcome
this trouble to a great extent. I often
raise the hive about one-half inch from
the bottom board, and also raise the
cover. This gives a direct draft clear
through the hive. Generally, it will
be sufficient to raise the cover daily.
Sometimes, during heavy wind storms,
they will blow off unless a weight is put
on them. I have had colonies get quite
a drenching by the covergetting blown
off; but never could seeshat it did them
any injury, as they can quickly dry
themselves.
On a warm day we can always see
quite a number of bees at the entrance,
rapidly moving their wings; evidently
they are trying to create a current of
air through the hive, perhaps, for two
purposes-to ripen newly gathered hon
ey, and to keep the hive at the proper
temperature.
I have seen statements where the
writer thought they were young bees
testing their wings. It may be, but I
think the main object is to ripen honey
and ventilate the hive. They are much
more noticeable in strong colonies
than in weak ones, and the strong ones
generate much more heat. I have my
bees in the shade when convenient, and
also ventilate them.
There is no danger in chilling the,
brood, or making the wax too cool for"
them to work unless the weather is very
cool. This applies to the honey season.
only, or when the weather is pretty
warm, and not for spring or fall treat
ment.-E. S. Mead, in Ohio Farmer.
DRINKING FOUNTAIN.
low One .Poltryman Utilized an Old
Quart Bottle.
An inexpensive drinking fountain
may be made by fastening an ordinary
quart bottle to a board, as shown in
the illustration, A being the board and
I B the clamps which hold the bottle
in place. A hook or loop at the top of
the board will serve to hang the bottle
to the wall of the poultry house. A
piece of wire should be attached to the
mouth of the bottle to prevent the
bottle from resting on the bottom of
the drinking pan underneath. Fill the
bottle with w-ater, turn it upside down
in the pan, and the pressure of the at
mosphere will prevent the water from
BOTTLE DRINKING POUNTAIN.
flowing out of the bottle only as it is
lowered by the drinking of the water
by the fowls. If preferred. the clamps
(13 B) may be attached to a post or to
the wall, and the bottle removed from
the clamps when filled.-Farm and
Fireside.
PICKING THE GEESE.
The When and How Depend Upon the
Feed and Care.
In answer to the query: "How often
in one season ought geese to be picked?"
a farmer with fourteen years' experi
ence answers, in the Phlbqdelphia Farm
Journal, that it depends entirely on the
feed and run and etplains the whole
situation as foUows: They feather out
more quickly where they are permitted
to run on green pasture and have abun
dance of good water to drink. Every
ten weeks should find them under such
treatment with a good coat of feathers.
Do not pick until laying is over. Geese
cannot be artificially molting and pro
ducing strong eggs at the same time.
Never pick them in cold weiathaer.
When ready to pick, which the enper
enced geese raiser can tell by the color
of the plumage (if ready there will be
no yellowish tinge on the white feath
ers, but to be sure pick a few from the .<
breast of the goose), the feathers coma
easily and are dry at the quill end. $1:
not ripe. they are soft and bloody. And
this is one of the reasons why u t .
bought feathers sometimes have sua a,
disagreeable odor. The best guide, ex
perience, tells us to take only a small'
pinch of feathers in the flagers atS "
time, and with a Qnick downward prk,.
from tail to neck, displace the ts'
coat of feathers with ealy e ,eryi ~i i
of the second eot, 'thed ... _,.,
pick the bolsterp,
under the wings
creature's wtngs wi
ally. When the goose.
strip these ob for fnll - 1
home.ue. But never 4k35