a atter with it, Xd lik.
iedJohnny.
It below the line.
Smnitetr with It."
writing this letter, ain't
31 s~nt to. mntce It that way it'e
- you want to mnae a 'Js
gr ahead."-Texas Siftinga
In gust.
.diarming Bummer Resorts, of
are over three hundred choice
are to be found in Wisconsin,
ta, South Dakota and the
o i bchigan, along tho lines of
M tilwakee & St. Paul R'y.
 r located on or near lnkeswhich
be- t fished out.
reorts are easily reached by rail.
raae in varicty from tho "full
or dnner" to the eftanlel-sbrt cos
revery meal.
gu1PTLazEa PAND OCYOBIB.
i shooting grounds in the North
o sand tributary to the lines of the
Milwaukee & st. Pul R'y. The
of e Chickens promises to be ex
good this year; also Ducks and
orthern Wisconsin and the Pen
f hgan splendid deer shooting is
had.
SGame laws were changed in several
d Western States this year.
anformation furnished free. Address
. H.larroaD, General Passenger and
Tickhest Agent, Chicago, Ill.
. o`.' ascr tsIe 0o TO IECrr H1 .-Professor
Deniltry-"What are the last teeth that
d01l' Brilflant Student-"Falso teeth."
. e Sworn Tormentors
tfSte sSpanish Inquisition never inflicted
t.rtue more dreadful than those endured
bum of Inflammatory rheumatism.
h il form of this obstinate malady is
painful. Arrest it at the start
ster's Stomach Bitters and avoid
galifelong martyr. The Bitters will
malaria and kidney complaints, dys
constipation, nervousness and neu
remedy debility and hastens convar
y Dou'T go into ecstasies, my son, over a
youn -woman who "has a secret charm
:about her." She von't keep it any more
S4than any other secret.-Boston Transcript.
The Most Pleasant Way
-" (prventing the grippe, colds, headaches,
.--'" f~rr evers is to use the liquid laxative rem
' e Syrup of Figs, whenever the system
.needs a gentle, yet effective cleansing. To
-: b-benefited one must get the true remedy
"Smnufactured by the California Fig syrup
tate onl For sale by all druggists in ue.
Hie-"Wby do you refuse me when I say
Icn't live without you?" She-- "You have
aroused my curiosity."-Detroit Tribune.
Do You Desire to Adopt a Child?
Address the International Children's
Aome Society, 234 La Salle St., Chicago, 11
lnois, Rev. Dr. Frank M. Cregg, General
SManager. Such a child as you may desire
oay age, will be sent you on ninety days
Sh"WAT's the latest thing in bloomers'"
"Thei most modest girl will be."-Truth.
Sore Iyos Cured.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never falls th
do this; 26e at al drug stores.
VHATr reason, like the careful ant, draws
'laboriously together, the wind of accident
sometimes collects in a moment.- Schillcr.
Makes the
Weak Strong
Hood's Sarsaparilla tones and strengthens
the digestive organs, creates an appetite,
and gives refreshing sleep. Remember
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the one True Blood Purifier.
ood's Pills he r-nner pill and
-f amily cathartic. 25"
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
=:KENNEDY'S
ICAL DIS. RY
E NFDY, f R X3 , ASS . t
S discovered I.. .La ',f our ccmll., n
sti-re w'eeds a rc,..iuy lat eGiles every
kind of HuAnor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
.He has tried it in over eleven hundred I
gases, and never failed except in two cases
.:boththunder humor.) Hehasnowin his
-possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
`Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
-first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted 1
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing d
through them; the same with the Liver or t
Bowels. This is caused b3 the ducts be- ti
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul o'r bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
thnime. Sold by all Druggi sts.
ASK YOUR DRUOGIST FOR
THE BEST *
i s: speptic,Delicate.Infirm and
- GED PERSONS i
:: - I' CARYE.N & SONS, Ncw York. * 1
 - " S IN THE WORLD.
ao
ThE RISING SUN
ToVB POLISH in
cakes for general
blacking o a stove. t
TnhUSUN PASTS i
shbed with a cloth. a
Prep..l Canton, Mass., U.S.A.
HlIs Large Resour)es. .
oga in All th
S-,0O
iPPULARSCitEIM'
" UNIQUE LIGHTHOUSE.
Iloe Most Economical Structureo of the
ik I lnd Ever Erected.
The lighthouse that has been erected
lae by the United States government at
oris island, Port Royal sound, South
in't 'arolina, is novel in form, and, thogh
it's ectcd as an experiment, it has done
i duty well. It is the most economical
rueture in the history of lighthouse
-M :unstruction. When first erected it
was regarded with many misgivings by
, ofi xperts.
of The light, which is run up and down
Lin in rails in the plane of the struo
, of ure, is housed by day. At night
rail.
full
cos
rth
the
The
ex
and
en
g is
Dral
'ess
and
sor
hat
-ted
ired
sin.
'oid
aill
lys
l'eu
ore e. The lare foundation plates are
em -
TO ruE CAIPrEST O." ALL LieIITIIOL'SES.
Idy
the it is 1oisted to ts pabce at the apevel of
the triangle by n iat haery worked In
the oil house at the base of the struc'
wve ture. The large foundation plates are
about 4) feet apart. The focal plane of
the ligh-lt is 190 feet 'bovc the sea level,
n's but the top of the structure is 132 feet
11- from the ground. The cost of the iron
ral work set up is 3. 100, and that of the
r structure complete and lighted about
1'5,000.
1" GROWTH OF A BEARD.
On Reaching a Certain Length the flair
lBecomes itrltnle and Splits.
If you are proud of a fr-sh shave and a
a smooth face you visit the barber at
W least twice a week or probably every a
other day. Suppose yo= `ommenced
this practice at the age of 17 and con
tinue it up to the age of 70, have you
any idea of the total length of the t
beard that would be removed in that t
g time? If your beard grows as rapidly
as that of the average man you must s
na have about one-fifth of an inch removed a
t' each week. or 10 2 5 inches each year. t
r BIetween the ages of 17 and 70 years 53 I
years must intervene, and each of these a
5:1 years gives almost a foot of beard h
growth, or a' total of 530 inches, cx
elusive of fraction, or, to be more
exact, exactly 44 feet anda 2 inches of
beard! - The above is all figured on the
assumption that the filaments of the
- beard maintain their average growth
d of one-fifth of an inch dur!xg the
- period mentioned, which, of course, is
Y out of the question. There is all the
difference in the world in beard growth.
Some men will raise a "stubble field"
one-fourth of an inch in length, wtile
another will hardly raise enough to
: rougnen his face. Then, agair, we do
not wish to be understood as saying
that a man would grow a half a hun
Stilred feet of heard in a lifetinim, pro
ry vided he never shaved. On the con*
Ia trary. the average man would not grow
more than 2?3 feet. On reaching a
"d length of 18 or o inches the beard in
:s variably becomes brittle or slits and i1
is after this the growth is very slow or el
ceases entirely.-St. Louis Republic. v4
AN ELASTIC NUT. tl
d Its Inventor Thinks It WilI Nspllant the di
So-Called Lock Nit. sl
s This ingenious device is designed to t
E do away with the necessity of puttilg i
r two nuts on a bolt that is to be kept I
tightly in place. The old plan was to
co
put on one nut, and then another to d
keep the first one frolm unscrewing, ce
the second nut being called the jam nut fu
or lock nut. or
The elastic nut, howsever, locks itself. t
It is madtle from spring steel, being cut ta
from a bar and then bent inton ring. the re
ends joining in a dovetail split. The th
ring is tlhenc pressed into hexagon shape su
and tapped a trifle smaller than its th
holt, so that when it is wrenched on
the split ,pens slightly, making a firm n*.
and constant hold on the bolt. i
po0
Disease as a lental Stimulant. IC
Infectious diseases, especially lwhen mt
accompaniedt by high fever, have been ste
found in many ca.ses of meutal diseases pr
toleave thie patient with greatly im
proved mental powers. Dr. W\'agner
von Kaurcgg, professor of mental dis
eases at the University of Vienna, hlas al
been experimenting in producing high
fcvrer artificially in insane patients by "
the injection of Dr. Kochl's tuberculine. m
i1e asserts that though the mental im- ha
proverment that follows each injection as
rapidly declines, there is a steady and my
lasting clearing of the patient's mind.
Ratio Between Light and leat. 1
The Cuban firefly is the most perfect piC
esample of the production of light with
the least amount of heat to be found. lik
The percentage of light is estimated at
09, with only 1 per cent. of heat. The yo
sun gives 30 per cent. of light anL ?O per wa
cent. of heat, the are lamp 10 pe ceent
of light and 90 per cent. of heat, 'while
a candle or gas jet gives 2 per cent of
light and OS per cent. of heat, .
The c:her day I mound a purse ,
AJd with a satire fins
its euYq pooetts .reoted ma
i eit) prus was mine. We
weParettahre Psae Ip
TI,, Are said to ,T.s About eTwea.
roar Feet a seoond.
Dr. G. Schott, as the resllt- of study
tes lug the form and height of the wave.
of the sea, claims that uns-er a mod
ed Jrate breeze their velocity was 24.6 feet
at per second, or 1t.8 miles an hour, which
ith is about the speed of a modern sailing
gh vessel.
doe As the wind rises the size and speed
cal of the waves increase. In a strong
se breeze their length rises to 900 feet and
it their speed reaches 830 or 884 feet per
by second. Waves the period of which is
nine seconds, the length 400 or 495 feet
lwn qnd this speed 28 nautical miles per
Lb hour are produced onlh In storms,
Cht During a southeast storm in the south
ern Atlantic Dr. Schott measured waves
090 feet long; and this was not a maxi
mum, for in latitude 28 degrees south
and longitude 39 degrees east he ob
served waves of fifteen seconds period,
which were 1150 feet long. with a ve
locity of 78.7 feet per second, or 46 1-8
nautical miles an hour.
Dr. Schott does not think that the
maximum height of the waves is very
great. Some observers have estimated
it at 80 or 40 feet in a wind of the force
represented by eleven on the Beaufort
scale (the highest number of which is
twelve); and Dr. Schott's maximum is
just 82 feet. te believes that In great
tempests waves of more than 60 feet
are rare and that even those of b0 feet
are exceptional. In the ordinary trade
winds the height Is 8 or 0 feet. bhe
ratio of height to length is about I.fji
in a moderate wind, 1.18 in a strong
wind and LIT in a storm, from which
it follows that the inclination of the
waves is respectively about 0, 10. II
degrees. The ratio of the height of
the waves to the force of the wind
varies greatly.
IMPROVISED TELEPHOTO.
Great Convenleace for Amatear Long
Distance Photographers.
Both amateurs and professionals
know that taking photographs out of
doors is quite a different matter front
working in a studio, where the subject
can be suitably posed and lighted, and
the camera can be put just at the right
I* distance from and at the most satisfac
tory angle with it. Engineers, tourists
of and other people, when trying to gt
in pictures of castles, churches, bridges,
c- vessels, landscapes and other things,
re are sometimes confronted with this
of difficulty. In order to place their in
1, strument in a sufficiently elevated posi
et tion to obtain the precise view they
"n want, they must be too far away.
1e Architectural decorations, inscriptions
at on monuments, curious pieces of con
struction, odd markings in a mountain.
side, a delicate waterfall and similar
details are utterly lost on the sensitive
tv plate under such circumstances. They
come out too small to be visible. Hence,
d a few years ago the English leps maker
it Dallmeyer and some other foreigners
V attempted such a modification of the
d ordinary camera as would adapt it to
. long-distance work. This object was. 1
U generally secured by placing an addi
e tional lens, which was concave, behind
Lt the regular one; and sometimes a sup
y plementary tube several inches long 1
was employed in arranging the appar.
*d atus satisfactorily. The general sys- 1
. tem was called "tele-photography." a
3But while this idea has proven practic
e able, the means for carrying it out
d have thus far been so expensive as to p
Splace it beyond the reach of the major.
e ity of amateurs.
'f In a recent number of the Photo
C graphic Times (New York). however, it
e
Is stated that Alvin Lawrence, of tlow
r ell, Mass., has devised a cheap and con- e
venient substitute for the costly "tele- o
photo." It does not magnify more a
than four or five times each way, an b
does not produce pictures of sucho
sharpness as the most exacting pho- a
tographcr would require: nevertheless
it affords a valuable improvement b
upon ordinary facilities enjoyed by
users of cheap cameras, and is there
fore tdeserving o: notice, especially as a
the inventor has not patented his plan, ft
and anybody may use it who has a
little mechanical skill and an opera
glass. One barrel of the latter instru- c
ment is used by MIr. Lawrence in place 0:
of the ordinary objective. It is not
necessary for this purpose to take the U
Sglass apart. One eyepiece is set into a
socket against the opening In the o0
camera, and the other against the lens- *
board. By rotating the glass the brace
connecting the barrels can be brought
d own behind an arm, slotted to re
ceive the thumbscrew bar. Carc- 5l
ful adjustment is required in the P'
original arrangement, but aftcrwvart St
Sit is the work of only an instant to at- th
tach this improvised "telephoto," or to re
remove it. However, it is intimated
that the opera glass is intended as a C
substitute for, and not a supplbment to, K
the usual objective. te
I As will readily be seen, the enlarge- dO
ment of imainge thus secured affords less til
illumination, and hence requires an ex- pr
posure fifteen or twenty times as long t
Moreover, much greater precautions
must be taken to keep the camera be
steady while the lens is uncapped to "n
prevent blurring. in
Ihigh Praise. fol
Mliss Chief-How are you gettian me
along with your music? of
Annie Body--1ell. of course it po
wouldn't be proper for me to compli
ment myself, but some of the neirghbors
have told me that they have stayed
awake at night for hours listening to Lo
my playing.-Golden Days. do
An Unsatlsafctory Anewer. t
Prospective Father-in-Law-And yo:
promise to make my daughter happy.'
Enamored Youth-I w-ill care for her ag
like a beautiful flower. -1
Prospective Father-in-Lawm- I hope
you don't mean that she is to hve on th
water and air.~-Te.as Eiftings. pe
Dlsqalitled.
Judge-Why do you object to serving los
as a juror in this ease? (ta
Venireman-f'lp ofraid of mj prejt mi
dices.
Judgfo-Explaip yourself. thl
Venlreman--Io lives in ,the flat a e 1t l
me and his wife Is lea~rning to p ~ ri
(An ts ms Red Wong, atll. n., Repsblean.)
dy amI am-3,now twenty-fourn' years oikd~sad
Sedwitn bwa0503o, of Whit % Rook, Goodhue
od' county, lC nuf, to a. Reprb ct represents
eat tire, "ai4n ¶ a you Oan see I am not very
Ib lairge of stat rfe. When I vts eleven years
lug old I became Mitd w l a silknes which
ased the sh~Il and knIwleise of the
Bee pysiilan. I I % not talken atddenly Ill,
but on the contra 1 can hardly state the
ag exc time when L< began. The tfist symp
md toms were paini .'n may back and restless
per nilhts. The disals did not tiruble me
is much at first, bat it. seemed to h e settle
oet n' my body to stay, d my bit Eer expert
per ence during the last t 'irteen y ar, proved
s that to. be the case. . was o course a
ts. child, and never dream Vd of. ts suiPnring
In store for me. I oomi Stacudl to my par
i ats and they concluded that in time I
weould outgrow my trouble . iet when they
ath heard me groaning during UIy sleep they
ob- became thoroughly alarmed. Meadical ad
ad, vice was songat but to no a nail, I grew
ve- rapidly worse and was soon um Wble to move
-8 about and fnally became conti led contin
ually to my bed- The best doctors that could
the be had were co.-sulted, but did ne thing for
me. I tried varpnus kinds of ex snsively
dry advertised patent mjedicines with but the
ed ame result.
ree "For twelve long VearsI was th as a suf
ort ferer, in constant°, ag.S without respite,
is abscesses formedoti r-Y body inrqpid suo
is cession and the would ;bdeed lookse, very
eat darkto me. Aboutthis tme whoun all hope
cot was gone and nothing a ~ med left but to re
et sign myself to my moa. titter fate my at
tention was called to L-r. Williams' Pink
de Pills for Pale People. L5J~e a drowning
hoe man grasping at a straw, in sheer despera
I. tilon I concluded to make a no more attempt
,sg -rot to regain lay Itith (I dare not to
lob ho o much) but if pastule to ease my
e "' bought a box of nbo p'Us and they
11 seemed to do jne good. t e encouraged.
of and continued ti~ir use. lr r taking six
ad booes I was  p and able to rrvWll*sround the
house, I have not felt so w'I. r thirteen
years as during the past year - ,dnly one.
and I am aiL, now to do chores :.hdattend
tc light duties.
S"Do I hesitate tkset you publish whs,'t I
have saidl No. V1JlY should I' Itis,'ie
ala truth and I am onal too glad to let oths'"
sufferers know my ep 'irience. It may help
those whose cup of mis '' is as fall to-day
vin as mine was in the past." c
et Dr. Williams' Pink Pills onttain, n a con
nd densed form, all the elemen. ' necessary to
give new life and richness tot e blood and
'1t restore shattered nerves. The) aree also a
s'- specific for troubles peculiar to females
,s such as suppressions, irregularities and cth
forms of weakness. They build --j the
blood, and restore the glow of hearA th t
es* palo and sallow cheeks. In men they e.'
Ta, a radical cure in all cases arilng ifr.n
is mental worry. overawork or excesses .'f
whatever nature. i'ink Pills are sol.' in
boxes (never in loose bulk) at 50 coits a
si- box or six boxes for #t.'.1J, and may be 'had
ey of all druggists, or direct tr mnail from .r.
Williams' Meicine Com pany, Schenectac YI
N.Y.
ns
i RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL
in
ar - -God certainly loves sunshine or he C
ve worldn't have made so much of it.
eyI an;'s lHorn. d
eo, -Harvard has conferred the honar
:er ary degree of Master of Arts upon d
ors Joseph Jefferson.
he --Provost Charles C. Harrison, of the n
to University of Pennsylvania, has given LI
as. 500.000 to the University in honor of
i- his father, the late George Leib Harri- p
ad son, L. L. D.
'P' -It was said that in Egypt, where a
ng the United Presbyterians have been ft
ar' laboring for many years, the contribu
' tions of the native Christians average
nine dollars per member.
ic- -Clara Starring, who has just been
ut graduated from the West IRoxbury,
to Mass., high school, has made a remark- p,
>r able record, having been neither ab- p
sent nor tardy in her entire school life.
--An Ohio believer in the Sabbath at
it objects to church services on the first v
Jay of the week, because they prevent pi
ministers, sexton, organ-blowers and is
choir singers from enjoying their day
of rest.
-The proposed new Protestant Epis
copal diocese of Washington is to con
stst of the District of Columbia and
four counties of Maryland-Prince
George, St. Mary, Charles and Mont
gomery.
-Prof. Rudolph von Roth of the Un
iversity of Tubingen, joint author
with Ioehtlingk of the great St. P'e- A.
tersburg Sanskrit dictionary, died re
cently at the age of 74. lie had taught
exactly fifty years of Tubingen. WI
-Dr. Tlheobald Smith, formerly fo
chief of the division of animal pathol
ogy in the department of agriculture s
e at Washington, has been appointed sh
d bacteriologist of the Massachusetts de
li state board of health and professor of tr
applied zoology in Harvard. mm
--It is stated that it would be possi- t
ble for one to walk continuously for
five months in certain portions of the
Dark Continent without meeting
is among 00,000,000 of people one worker
for Christ or one who knows the way no
of salvation. ho
--Maynooth, near Dublin, hits just
celebrated the hundredth anniversary ov
of its Catholic college, where nearly
all the English speaking priests of the en
United Kingdom have been educated.
a Half a century ago the annual grant e
Sof parliament to Maynooth college
used to act as a red rag on John Jull.
S -BIerlin won the first German uni
t versity race the other day with a four- an
oared crew. Kaiser WViihelm made a pe
speech after Ihe race, in which he ex- a
a pressed surprise that only scientific go
Sstudents would appear next year and let
that at least six universities would be ar
Srepresented. thi
S-Capt. Thomas L. Henry, the once spi
noted guerrilla of Crittenden county fci
Ky., has been a church member four- fai
teen years. The oth-r day he knelt ed.
down in the dust. crying: "I am sane- ra
tifded." lie now intends to become a otl
preacher. lHenry was wounded many goc
times, i. a farmer, and fairly well of an
-A new religious movement has tri
been started as a result of the parlia- cha
ment of religions held in Chicago dur
ing tiue 'orld's fair. "The 1Vorldr's C
R-ligious l'nrliament Extension" Ilas chi
for its object the promoting of similar ten
meetings all over the world where men cot
of different faith may discuss their fea
points of agreement and diffence. cor
one
WIT AND WISDOM. ci
---Considering the opportunities the alo
Lord has for finding people out. we str4
don't see where he gets any angels.- fea
Atchison G;lobe. for
--'I hate these bicycles built for titl
two," said 3Miss Jemmison. "It encour- sec
ages people to talk behind your back." ura
-Harper's Bazar. Rut
- Kind words prevent a good deal of
that perverseness which rough and im- C
perious usage often produces in gener- a
ous minds.-Locke. siot
Frightened Wife--Henry, I've swal- pria
lowed a ain. Absent-minded Husband The
(taking one from his pocket)--Never and
mind, here's anothor.--N. Y. Recorder. littl
- There is a constant yearning in emt.
this couptry for a tramp iho can make
Iilrrlepi up to resemble the tramps that 1
are gjptured in the gamla ppers.-
..."" A,"?•:"
said Bulletsss o. :4 nadi : 'of the Utah
hue Experime a stW tisna containi interesting
ata- results frota .tests of- drau.ht o ftaru:
rery wagoas, plo w-. mowing hisabbines and
rs harrows, as . ~easured by a self-reeord
ich lag dynamom'*sr.
The onelusi a s, as stated in thee e
th balletins, are ms'ollows:
mp- That eoltds add to drangbt of plo- s
less by some 1- per eel t- That trucks , ar
me jtheels under thee I of the plow bet im
L decrease draught by', about 14 per eer t.,
cri- add uniformity to ,' he fu'row mai
vid lessen the work of .ae 5ulowman,.
Sa When thb~ traces ar ent in line I lth
n the drauglst of the pliser.he draugl at is
I increased.
hey Lengthening the hit is a tlghtly de.
hey creased the draught. j. share landly
ad- sharpened ine-eased thet. draugiat .
rew per cent. over a new sh are. A du Ii
ove share drew harder than a sharp on? e,
tin- but not as hard as a badly -sharpen ad
for share. Drautht' decreases with f he
rely depth and with the width pe.' aqu are
the inch of soil.
WValking .plows gave sligi fly less
suf- draught than sulky plows w ( hrider.
hte, Sulky plows drew easier down iUl., but
sU much harder up hill than walidng
ery plows. A share straight on its land a
r side and bottom took land wveil and
air gave a slight increase of drag {ght. A
ink loss of draught was found on a sulk- a
lag plow when its adjustment to to Ire l'd. I
era- was made from the pole. |
apt A wagon with fellies l) inch es " ride
to drew on moist, but close, -blue rrass
my award 41.6 per cent. harder than
hey wheels with fellies 3 inches wid . On I
ged a dirt road, slightly moist, the ; mrrow s
tie tires drew 12.7 per cent. heavies'; than
een the wvide tires.
one DIraught on plank road is 1-50 a : the
ild load, and not 1-7 of the draught I on a
dirt road in its ordinary condition after I
tI a rain.
ae A load over the hind wheels dri "w 10
per cent easier than over the :Iront
wheels.
Lowering the reach, or the co pt~infg I
I p.-le, on the hind wheels decsreased
nd draught; wagons draw easier svhey
athe traction has an upward is taline, e3
as and hander when horses are hite. ted to at
6he the end of the pole
to Loose burrs re.unced draught 4.5. per A
act cent. pt
'm An old mowing machine rel mired
drew easier than s new one.
a The draught was s. .7 per cent. t reat-st
ad .sr for a well sharpeaed sickle the m for Cc
ir. -.c more nicely sharpened.
SA pitman boa: set tight gar a less ae
dreahght than one set quite loose ly. Ib
iWhen cutter bar is not near right
line with.pitman rod the draugat is in
c ~a -eased.
When guards are out of line the
draw (-ht is increased.
r- Wh1 "n cutter bar inclines upward
n draugh.' is decreased.
When ' he sections of the sicl le do
o not strike -,n the center of the ,uards
n the draught. ' increased.
of The drangh, was decreased, ten
i- pounds by the de iver walking.
A lose of force w "sobserved wh et the
'c wheel at gle emnsl6,f the cutter bar
n failed to work well. ]
e APPLYING PARIS tGREEN. an
Homemade Machine , iat DIes t.;' Wes~ Tb
Well and Is COheap. th
I see a -great many articles on the.s
potato crop, but none on how to applyJ
paris green. WVe have built a home- a -
made machine that does the work well. i
h and costs but little. It is simply a cart ints
with a barrel on it, in which is a force the
pump. The plan shows how the frame
in built The wheels and shafts be
A. Kermsene B arrel: B. B, Shafts; C. C. Wneels
longed to an old horse rake. ',the frame
was made of 2x4 elm, left fro.m a horse
fork track. The space in *,he cen
ter is for the barrel, and is 25 inches
square. This will let a kerosene barrel
drop through about a foot, whvre it
should be hung with irons passing un
der the bottom. The wheels should
track six feet apart. An old mowing
machine seat should be mounted on
the right hand side. The pump should
be mounted, so as to be easily removed
trom the barrel. We use a pump with
1t;-inch cylindcr and 4-inch stroke; 1.5
feet of hose, and a Bordeaux spray
nozzle, With one man to drive the
horse, and pump, and one mnan on the
ground with the hose, they will gc
over a large piece in a short time. The
entire cost, exclusive of wheels, need
not be over $10, if one does the work
hinmself. - F H. Bump, in Country
Gentleman.
CIauses of Orchard Fallares.
Of late years so much has been said
and written about spraying that some
people imagine that attention to thie
alone is all that is requisite to obtain a
good crop. To all nch the latest bul
letin of the Cornell lstation will prove
a revelation for it lays emphasis upon
the importance of feeding as well as
spraying the orchard. zither is insuf
ficient; it is only by their union that
failure of the fruit crop may be avert
ed. Spraying will protect from the
ravages of insects and fungi, but like
other medicines, it will fail todo much
good unless the patient is fortified by
an ample supply of wholesome and nu
tritious foodl. Feed and spray your or
chards.
Diverslifed Ration for Pomnltry.
Corn alone will not make a good -
chicken; it is most valuatle for its fat
tening and warming qualitieu. Wheat
contains the material for 'bone and
feathers; oats for muscle. So we feed
corn two parts, wheat one part, oats
one part, and we havea fast-growing
chicken. Feed either of these grains
alone and we have all kinds of mon.
strosities-rweal-legged, sore-eyed, no
feathers, and every conceivable de
formity. Add to these grains a quan
tity of meat to take the place of in
sects, which form a part of their nat
ural food.--G. WV. Pressy, in Western
Rural.
Enough for the Terrlitory Covered.
Connecticut has fallen into line with
a "good roads" law=. It has a commis
sion of three members, arl the appro
priation for the outlay is only $75,003.
The work is experimental, however,
and $75,000 will go a good ways in a
little patch of country like Connects
eot,--St. Paul Ploneer-Preos.
14 svin;fg peed good care should be Z
talke tp ylppt out only the best plants
iq 9ed te p Seil of the best qallity.
i ' '
Amrm wu.
r. ENGINEERING FEATS.
THe accuracy of the surveying In an
ith E lent engineering is marvelous consid
Sis Bring the rudeness of the instruments.
Roux was supplied from twenty-four
de. large aqueducts which brought 50,000,
y 900 cubic feet of water daily into the
city.
u1l Tau first tunnel for commercial pur
s, poses was executed by M. Riguet in
3d the reign of Louis XIV., at Bezieres,
,he France.
are TuE famous bridge constructed by
Queen Nitoeris at Babylon, and de
ess scribed by Dlodarus, was five furlongs
Lr. long.
but Mrs. P. O. Adams.
ing Tbhusands of women, especially in the
ad spr'ng of the year, are nervous, tired, have
a d raaehe, sick stomach, fainting spells, d!
S'mness, scanty or profuse menses, weak
ackc- constspation; their aides, shoulders
Sa ndlims saho const ntly--infact, thoe suf
Sd. ter from general debility of the whole sys
tem. The superior tonic qusllties of McEI
ere's Wine or Cardui makes it the leading
remedy for this class of troubles.
ass Mrs. p. C. Adams, Chattoogaville, Ga.,
an writes: "Two years ago IWStaken sick
wn ithllbdgestion, faontlng spells, constipa
tion, falling of the womb, and various other
Aw symptoms, and kept getting worse sad
an worse. After taking four bottles of MEl
roe's Wine of CarTui in connection with
re ofords Blanck-Draught tea I am able to 1
a doan kind of work that a woman can do."
a D. L. Coker, Calvinar Fir., says: "le-v 4
er eiroe.s Wine of Cardui has brought rosy
Sheeks back to one of my cousins after she
a as upven p to die by two of the best
STo MAKE knowledge valuable, you must
itve the cheerfulness of'wisdoen. Goodness
Ti atUiles to the last--lancrsou.
!d Does He GPcw or Smoke? ]
If so, it is onlyaque'tion of time when bright t
O eyes grow dim, t n .nly steps lose firmness. b
eI and the vigor n it vitality so enjoyable now,
Swill be destroyrq forevel . Get a book, titied
i "Don't Tobacco Spit or imoko Your Life o
Ir AwaLy," and lat.rn how No-To-Bac' without t
phys-cal or ildancial risk, cures the tobacco V
:d habit, brings back the vigorous vitality that
wilt msnakeo yoe.: both happy. No-To-Ba- sold r
and guaranb -d to cure by Druggists every
Swher. Boofre. Ad. Sterling Ituemedy
]r co.. New York City or Chicago.
Evsav other sin hath some pleasure an
h nexed to it, or will admit of some excuse,
but envy wants both.-Burton.
u -
FAR SAILING through life for the person F
who keeps in health. With a torpid liver
and the impure blood that follows it, you
are an easy prey to all sorts of ailments.
That "used-up " feeling is tile first warning
that your liver isn't doing its work.
That is the timeto take Dr. Pierce's Gold
en Medical Discovery. As an appetizing,
'-e.orative tonic, to repel disease and buildi
) the needed flesh and strength, there's
iy thing to equal it. It rouses every organ
ins e healthful action, purifies and enriches w
Ithe >lood. braces up the whole system, and
Sest- es health and vigor.
How it looks,
to the women who wash with Pearline, when
they see a woman washing in the old-fashioned
way with soap-rubbing the clothes to pieces,
S . rubbr.ng away her strength, wearing herself
' out over the washboard ! To these Pearl
ine women, fresh from easy washing, she
Sseems to ',wear a fool's cap unawares."
. Everything's in favor of Pearline
easier work, quicker work, better
work, safety, economy. There's
not one thing against it. - What's
the use of washing in the hardest
way, when it costs more money? te.
A
Broken
Back
Just as yours will be if
you continue using poor
soap.
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
makes wash-day as easy as any other day. Lessens
the labor, makes the clothes white, and does no dam
age. Thousands of women say so-surely they are
not all mistaken. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the land, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. Better crops, a better soil, and a
larger bank account can only then be expected.
WVrite for our '" Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, New York.
'Eq L Ia '- BLACKBERRY ELIXIR
DYSENTERY Diarrhaea, CHOLERA Iinfantum,
and an Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCTORS ANo PATIfPTs AIaIUSe PRAISE IT,
DR. a W. aDwISS, of Lzoerrsar ALA.. .sa r u se. D NCAarfS ZLACaBERRa
ZLIXlB in wpiz uo&tc.. with vary tisfantw result.
wEasED* ZV 'ACTUZZG CO..P wrarpitewu. ntaUnvrIj, .T
CIaMrsoxarut (at dinner)-"My dear, it is
all very well for you to have a fondness foi l
* feathers, but I wish you had not carried
your o ino so ara to put them in the
- chickqn soup.-Yonkers Statesmaan.
ir Fon Whoopina Cough, Piso's Cure I a
successful remed v. - P. Diren, 67Thtrop
Ave., Brooklyn, i. Y., Nov. 14, 'Mt.
Sooos-"-Was it not disgraceful atwauv
Smige snored in church to-daylt" st~s
r should think it was. Why, ho woke el
!saflu Catahrsyb C ors
Is a Constitutional Clre. Prdice 75
san -- "Oh ious ! My T b
Svengalied. fm-a;eVhatil Sheo_-" anoo
' is fast naleep."-Phnladelphia Record.
HALF-ccUrEa oruptions 'vill return. Erdi
cate them with Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
le Hll's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
a- His tongue dropped manna, and-.could
k make the worse appear the better reason to
r perplex and dash maturest counsels.-Mil
I ton. d _.c mctro
1- Loon out for Number 2-your wife.-rri
g gation.
E from a mo(st hor
a rible blood dis
Sease I had spent hundreds of dollars
o trying various remedies and phys.S
cians, none of which did me any
y good. My finger nails came off and
my hair came out, leaving me
perfectly bald. I then went to
SHOT SPRINGS
Hoping to be cured by this celebrated
treatment, but very soonbecame disgusted
and decided to try S.S.S. The effect was
truly wonderful. I commenced to recover
at once, and after I had taken twelve bot
tl ties I was entirely cured-cured by S.SS.
when the world
renowned Hot
L Sprngs had failed.
WA. 8. L.oop is, 1O _
Shreveport. La. s m
o ne o. oa DiOase ad its "yastemt ailed a..etos
wseoeWICT slcl o.PiC Cclia, Ga.
DRUG STORE "ICHICAGO
FOR SALE HT TRDE FOR M,
S TOE S IEN L60D OCATIOr.L,
RA tAVoArOLE EAS e. Ad TLmAD S CAN a
uEADIiv IwMbEAsR.
Ownerls not drugglst and has otherbneinem wbhich
emands all ~l hi im.. Small cash payment wlth sood
securlty for balance. a per cent. interest. wolll be ne.
eepteS Pri,. of store. 53E?0 AdiI.ress YIER'm.
Drugglet. ll. Ave. and eash Strer. Cbles. .iL
STICK BLUE .,..
FREE SAnMPE SU: CURE for Piles to ea, ad.
mdress. IKs DlCI. I COeA., Mefl .ds..
A. N. K., F 1565
WnEN \VSITIN O10 ADVERTISERS PLEASE
sat. tht roes saw sAdvraentmset ia tLabs
se5.e.