THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MARCH 18, 1893. NUMBER 2.
____________________________.. .. .. .. .. .. . . . ... . . ..__. ..__.',. a'" AlJfl r'-I4URCH.
He
motn
T1
whe
side
lear
GREAT r a il- clr
road depot may the
not be the best wit]
t school for a and
"' boy, yet poor frot
little Joe Bry- 4
an had scarcely dep
cnownr any 'other. He could not re- grn
member when the long waiting-rooms, to
with their tiled floors and dreary rows but
of stationary settees and crowds of Ai
burrying people, were not quite as fa- tive
. miliar to him and more homelikce than bln
his mother's small, bare house, wh.ch e
be knew as little more than a place for trai
eating and sleeping. hetl
At an age when any ordinary baby bid
might have been frightened into con- the
vulsions by the shriek of a locomotive, e
Joe, securely fastened in his cub, the
would stare for hours through the der
great window undisturbed by the in
cessant rush and roar of arriving and cot
departing trains. an
Be had been only six months oid e
when the dreadful accident happened the
which at one fll stroke made him the
fatherless and transformed him from a trn
stroig, well developed infant to a piti- net
ful creature, which even death refused rot
to take. spt
The old yardmen tell the story even
yet-low yo ang Michael Bryan, as
straight nuen d anly a fellow as ever cal
lefthis green, old, native island for the be'
bettr chances of the new world this to
side of the sea, canme whistling out of ba
the roundhouse than t morning and wi
stepped hastily from before an incom
ing locomotive, neither seeing nor ti
hearing another rushing up the paral
lel track. His mates cried out to him op
-too late! Nobody who saw it would up
ever forget the look of agony which
distorted his handsome face in that
I one horrible instant when he recog
nized his doom, or the perpendicular fli
leap into the air, from which he fell t
back beneath the crunching wheels. of
In the excitement and consternation to
of the time no messenger had been
sent in advance to prepare the poor hi
young wife for her trouble, and she
stood in the doorway vith her baby
crowing in her arms, when the stout
bearers paused at her gate with their th
mangled burden. Site uttered a tern- I at
ble cry and fell fainting-the child's
tender back striking the sharp edge of bi
the door stone.
"What a pity that it was not killed Y
outright," said everybody but the
mother. She herself always insisted fc
that only her constant watching over bi
the little flickering life kept her from 11
going mad in the first dreadful mouths t
of her bereavement.
When Joe was seven years old his
mother sent him to school. lie went
patiently day after day, making no
complaint, but she awoke suddenly one
night to find him sobbing on the pil
low beside her. Only by dint of long
coaxing was she able' to find out the
cause of his grief. Some of the rougher
boys-more thoughtless than cruel, let
us hope-had called him Ilumpy, and
nasked if he carried a bag of meal on
his back.
Mary flamed with the fie rce anger of
.motherhood.
"You shan't go another day!" site de
clared. * The ruffians! I won't have
any darlin' put upon by the likes of
them!"
So Joe's schooling had come to an
untimely end. Yet, meager as was his
stock of book learning, the develop
ment of his mind far outstripped the
growth of his stunted aind deformed
body. Everybody liked the patient
little fellow tugging manfully at his
mother's heavy water buckets and
running willingly to every call of the
station men. At twelve years old he
had picked up no small amount of in
formation, especially on railroad top- i
les. lie knew every locomotive on the
road, understood the intricacies of the I
aide tracks and switches, and could 1
tell the precise moment when any par
tipular train might be expected with
the accuracy of a time table.
Yet the very quickness and ardor of 1
his nature deepened his sense of his in
firniity. The glances cast upon him by
stranger eyes, some pitiful, some cu
rious, others, alas! expressive only of
annoyance and disgust, rankled like so
many arrows in his heart; not one
missed its mark. Ilow wistfully his
eyes followed boys of his own age
.e straight, handsome, happy-who sprang
lightly up and down the steps of the
coaches, or threaded their way along
the crowded platforms. For one day
of such a perfects untrammeled life he
would have bartered all the possible
Syears before him. Yet he never put
his yearnings into words, even to his
mother.
- "'Crooked Joe's a rum'an," said one of
his roulghl aequaintances. "lie senses
his trouble well enough, but he don't
let on to nobody."
Mr. Cramp, the telegraph operator,
was Joe's'constant friend. It was he
who, at odd moments, had taught the
boy to re'iad and had initiated him
into some-of the myst',ries of the
-clicking inptument, which to Joe's
imaginative mind seemed some strange
creature with a hidden life of its own.
- It was Towing toward dark one No
vembter aternoon. Joe-never an un
welcome visitor-sat curled in a corner
of Mr. Crump's office waiting for his
mother to fintsh her work. lie was la
boriously spelling out by the faded
light the words upon a page of an illus
trated. newspaper, quite oblivious of
the ticking, like' that of a very jerky
and rheumatic clock, which sounded in
the room. -
* r. Crump, too, had a paper before
him, but his ears were alive. Suddenly
- he sprang to.his feet, repeating aloud
thi mressge -wih that ml "ent 4@**4
Ii abnm at q, 110 LO ralraig wil4, Clea
$racikg."
He rushed to the door, shouting the P1
news.lo
"Not a second to spare! She'll be
down in seven minutes." Or
The words passed like lightning. In asa
a moment the yard was in a wild com- of t
motion. Men flew hither and thither, but
yard engines steamed wildly away, the deep
switches closing behind them. the 1
The main track was barely clear ly
when 110 came in sight, swaying from more
-side to side, her wheels threatening to Ti
leave the traek at each revolution. She to a
passed the depot like a meteor, her bell the
clanging with every leap of her piston, as t,
the steam escaping from her whistle dete
with the continuous shriek of a demon, inji
and the occupants of the cab wrapped witi
from view in a cloud of smoke. whi
Some hundred yards beyond the
depot the track took a sharp upward they
grade, from which it descended again app:
to strike thp bridge across a narrow TI
but deep aidd rocky gorge. thai
Men looked after the flying locomo- thrc
tive and then at each other with que
blanched faces. nest
The crowd began to run along the
track, some with a vain instinct of
helpfulness, some moved by that mor- som
bid curiosity which seeks to be "in at form
the death." mmo
liut look! Midway the long rise last
the speed of the -runaway engine sud- bat
denly slackens. the
"What does it mean? She never
could a' died out in that time!" shouted vig
an old yardman. Ai
hExcitement winged their feet. When bro
the foremost runners reached the place orio
the smoking engine stood still on her the
track, quivering in every steel-clad bee
nerve, her great wheels still whizzin ng
round and round amid a flight of red ang
sparks from beneath. lsar
°'lV'hat did it? Who stopped her?" the
s The engineer, staggering from the not
r cab with the pallid faceeof the fireman
behind him, pointed, without speaking,
to where a little pale-faced, crooked- the
i backed boy had sunk down, panting ia
with exertion, beside the track
' At Ils feet a huge oil-can lay over
" turned and empty. aec
r The crowd stared at one another, he
open-mnouthed. Then the truth flashed h
d upon them. nar
"l -HIe oiled the track!" na<
it 'iully for Crooked Joe!" b
They caugiht the exhausted child,
r flinging him from shoulder to shoulder, sit
striving with each other for the honor an
of bearing him, and so, in irregular, the
a tumpltuous. triumphal' pkocession they
'a brought him back to the depot and set S'
,' him down among them. bh
S "Plass the hat, par'ls!" cried onle. th
' It had been pay day, and tl'e saved
t engineer and fireman dropped in each p
r their month's wages. Not a 'land in
i- all the throng that did not del-:e into a
pocket. There was the crisp .rustle of
bills, the chink of gold and silver coin. be
"Out with your handkerchief, Joe!
Your hands won't hold it al:! Why, h
eyoung one, what-what's the m*atter?" th
for the boy, with scarlet cheeks and
burning eyes. had clenched br-th small
sl hands behind his back-the poor, in
twisted back laden with its b,urden of bt
is deformity and pain. to
at "No! no!" lie cried, in a shrill, high
e ntti
aS
ad 'xo: No! DON'T PAY tiE!"
the g
p- folks?"
he The superintendent. had~come from
he his oice lie laid his hand on the
id boy's bead.
r- "Joe" e said, "we couldn't pay you
ith it if we wished. Money doesn't pay for t
lives! ulit you have saved us a great Ii
ofmany dollars besides. Von't you let
us do something for you?"
by "You can't ! You can't! obody
Cu- can!" The child's voice was al most a
of shriek. It seemed to rend the air with
so the pent-up agony of years. "There's I
one only one thing in the world I want.
his and nobody can give me that. Nobody
e- can make me anything but Crooked i
aug Joe!"
the The superintendent liftFd him and
ng held hlum against his own breast.
day "My boy," he said, in firm, gentle
he itones, "you arb right. None of us can
ble I(do that for you. But you can do it
put yourself. Listen to me! Where is the
his quick brain God gave you and the
brave heart? Not in that bent back of
i of yours-that has nothing to do with
ses them! Let us help you to a chance
on't only a chance to work and to learn
and it will rest with yourself to say
tor, whether in twenty years from now, if
s le you are alive, you are Crooked Joe or
time M. Joseph Bryan."
him Visiting in C- not long ago, a
the friend said to me:
oe's "Court is in session. You must go
age with me and hear llryan."
w h. The courtroom was already crowded
No at ourt entrance with an expectant
aun- audience. WheN the brilliant young
irner attorney rose to make his plea I
his noticed with a shock of surprise that
s a- his noble head surmounted an under
aded sized and misshapen body. Ie had
j1ua- sooken but five minutes, however,
i of when I had forgotten the physical de
lerky fect; in ten I was eagerly interested,
Sin and thereafter, during the two hours'
speech, held spellbound by the mar
fore velous eloquence which is fast raising
eny him to the leoadership of his profession
oud in hil native city.
tlac, "A wonde'rftl manu" said mny friend,
:ts we walked slowly homewal'd. rThe"
Cea he told me the atoly of Crooked Joel
PUGILISTS SHAKE HANDS.
But Their Sualsequent Actions Seem to In. In TI
diente Insineerity.
Ordinarily the handshake is regarded No
as an evidence of friendliness oni the part ing
of those who perform the operation, Amo
but when two pugilists, prepared for a tionf
desperate contest, clasp each other by num
the hand the action looses all its friend- mal
ly significance and becomes nothing Y(
more than a hollow mockery. exhi
Two men have igned articles to fight who
to a finish, which means until one or rion
the other has been pummeled so hard TI
as to be unable to continue. Each is nam
determined to inflict as much physical fron
injury on his opponent as is possible, and
with a due regard for the rules under 01
which they battle, and yet before they are
begin the work of battering each other orcl
they shake hands with a great show of In
apparent friendliness. sple
The spectators are of course aware min
that the fighters are simply going key.
through a form, and that the subse- ordi
quent battle will lose none of its fierce- the
ness because of the show of temporary spid
good feeling. nesi
While the preliminary handshake is A
somewhat farcical the ceremony per- Iind
formed at the close of thecontest is the tudi
most pronounced burlesque. WVhen the in Ii
last round is over, the exhausted com- deve
batants are dragged to their corners by form
their seconds, and the work of spong- in 1
ing and rubbing the fighters goes on run
vigorously. sus]
Meanwhile the referee, with knotted den
brow, is pacing about the ring endeav- 1I
oring to decide which had the best of thi:
the encoun-r, and where a figl t has tab
been close this is no easytask. Iiav- to t
ing decided, the referee whispers to the bee
announcer, and'the latter holds up his carl
hand as a signal for quiet, and when bro
the buzz of talk has ceased the an- gre
nouncer says: "The referee decides that tivi
Bangs has won the fight." 11
Thereupon there is a loud yell from An
the persons who bet their money on on
B angs, while those who wagered cash of 1
on the other fellow express their dis- the
approval with hisses. The referee has sus
become used to that sort of thing, and or
he merely smiles at the hisses. It is onl
when the announcer has spoken the
name of the victor that the pugilists cei
become objects of exceeding interest. me
WVhile waiting for the decision the
contestants, if not too badly injured, ite
sit with their necks craned forward in
an effort to catch the first word. When '
the successful man hears his name jp(
spoken he springs from his chair, and
with a look of extreme pleasure on his of
bruised and bleeding face, rushes across cl
the ring to the corner where his op- gh
h ponent sits, seizes the hand of the lat- sti
n ter, and wrings it with an air of the
n greatest cordiality. ph
The defeated pugilist sits sullen and wp
disappointed. lie feels that lie has fri
been robbed by the referee, and he ki
permits the other fellow to do all tile i
hand-shaking. As a matter of fact,
the winner does not shake hands be- V
d cause of a friendly feeling for his de- lil
feated opponent, his action being more so
Sin the nature of a spontaneous out- sa
burst of exultation over his own vic- va
tory. sai
' Occasionally, where one of the con
e testants is completely knocked out, the yi
victor simply shakes the nerveless hand bi
of his victim and climbs out of the to
ring. th
The few minutes between the time G
that the contestants enter the ring and
the beginning of the fight are full of
interest. The pugilists sit in their T
corners, and before each stands a see
ond, who flaps a towel in a lazy sort of
way in front of the fighter's face.
The principals have coats thrown G
over their bare shoulders, in order that I
they may not become chilled before
hostilities commence. Then the work S
of putting on the gloves begins. The p
seconds first push the hair away from o
the back of, the glove, just over the h
knuckles, after which they pull it on e
the hand, and tie it at the wrist, so h
there is no possibility of a slip.
Then the announcer says the specta
tors will have to stop smoking or the
fight will not go on. With a general
growl cigars are smudged, upon which
ce the referee looks at the men and asks
per if they are ready. A nod in the aflirma
tire, and ire remarks with emphasasis:
>m '-Shake hands."
he Trhe men rise from their chairs, their n
coverings are snatched off by seconds, d
on andrhe pugilists meet in the center of I
For the ring and shake hands, according to
,at the instructions of the referee. Then
let they turn and start toward their cor
ners. 1
dy Before they have taken three steps a
t i gong gives out one sharp, harsh stroke, 1
Ith which is the signal for the beginning of 1
e's the fight. T'ie men wheel about, put
ut, up their gloved hands, walk around I
rdv each other warily, all the time watch
ted ing each other like a cat does a mouse.
The floor of a ring is always sprinkled
wnd with powdered rosin, and at the close
of a round the spectators, Wveho sit close
tle to the ringside and near the corners,
an receive an unpleasant surprise.
it ianning the pugilist begins as soon
tie as he sinks into his seat, and is con
tIe tinued until the Enext round is called.
of The Lfanning is usually done with aI
iil large towel, and this fills the air with
:- rosindust, which settles on thie clothes
a of the onlookers.
Another unpleasant feature is the
saif practice some seconds follow of taking
or a mouthful of water and squirting it at
the pugilist in the formn of spray. The
Sa spectators frequently receive more of
the spray than the pugilist. There are
go many interesting features of pugilism
that do not appear in the reports of the
ded eontests.-N. . YSun.
taut othitlg wasted.
'ung Nothling is made in vain. Not even
tr bad eggs are laid in vain. Years ago
those that had survived their culinary
der- usefulness were of no value to dealers,
had who used to pay garbage collectors to
ve' take them away. Nowadays bad eggs
I de- are almost a regular article of com
ted' merce. ThIe yolks can be so treated as
ur' to make a most valuable dressing for
Ina- kid and other line leather. Instead of
sig paying to have bad eggs taken away,
the dealers sell thenm to the makers of
this dressing at a fair price. Large
nd' 4qutitie. of ths eggiyolk dreadn are
g s.·:-,,rte to Ziurope*,--Dstoa 'ra#
"'etCph?
WONDERFUL ORCHIDS. nu
In These ltraterious Ilants Nature Conn- The
terfelts Her Own Creatlion.
Nature is much given to counterfeit- Cc
ing her own works, says a botanist. astr
Among the most remarkable illustra- gue
tions of this tendency on her part are coru
numerous vegetable imitations of ani- of I
mal life. seat
You ,vill find the sort of freak best She
exhibited in plants of the orchid kind, beec
whose odly-formed flowers suggest va- mat
rious queer resemblances. flig
There are two species, for example, imb
named the bee orchid and the fly orchid, of
from the likeness between their flowers able
and these insects, of I
Other varieties, for similar reasons, per
are called the man orchid, the lizard mig
orchid and the lady's sli?;. or s
In some species the flowers are like woi
splendid butterflies. One, again, re- It
minds the observer of a grinning mon- to a
key; another suggests the aspect of an tor:
ordinary opera dancer, suspended by act:
the head; while a third. named the hos
spider orchid, affords a striking like- mol
ness to that animal. pac
Although there are orchids of various con
kinds to be found in temperate lati- ens
tudes, the most beautiful species grow ree
in luxuriance where a tropical climate exa
develops these exquisite vegetable pac
forms on the branches of living trees, wh
in the decayed bark of fallen trunks, ton
running over mossy rocks, or hanging ren
suspended from boughs in the untrod- D
den forests. of
F'or a long time it was supposed that in"
this most curious tribe in all the vege- wh,
table kingdom could not be subjected eve
to the uses of the gardener, but it has tha
been discovered of late years that with firs
care and perseverance they can be ter,
brought to as high. a perfection in a
greenhouse as they obtain in their na- kn
tive woods. -A
It is chiefly in the forests of South ..I
America that the species which grown of
on the bark of trees are found. Some ie
of them are known as air plants, from dli
their power of vegetating when simply tin,
suspended in the air, without any soil set
or direct supply of water, supported mt
only by the atmosphere. We
WVhen hung up by strings from the pc
ceiling of a room they will live for
months, and will go on blossoming wl
luxuriantly. Such orchids are favor- sen
ite ornaments of houses in China and Iha
Japan. Cii
There are nearly two thousand known un
e species of orchids. Probably as many
: more remain undiscovered in the depths cx
s of unexplored tropical forests. lie who st;
s comes upon a new one obtains as much re
r glory as is got by the discovery of a Gk
star.
e It seems curious that, whereas these
plants are spread over nearly all the
d world, as far as the borders of the
frozen zone, there should be so few
e kinds that are useful in any way to sv
e man. " a
t, Vanilla is an orchid, which in the Ie
ý. West Indies creeps over trees and walls
like ivy. A substance called "salep,"
e somewhat resembling arrowroot or a
t. sago, is obtained from the tubers of a in
variety that grows in Turkey and Per- b,
sia, where it is highly esteemed.
1i- Some of the South American species an
oc yield by boiling a sort of glue, utilized fc
td by the Brazilians for fastening leather rc
te together. These are the only orchids
that are of utility to mankind.-Boston m
ie Globe. cl
HE WANTED "GOOTY STREET." e`
ir The Conductor Called ,OGer-e-toy," hbut li
e- That Wouldn't Do at All.
of Mark Twain once said that before
Blret lIarte went to Europe he nmade a
rn Goethe rhyme with "teeth" and when I
at Ihe came home he made it rhyme with !
re "dirty." The men who run the North
rk Side cable cars for nMr. Yerkes have b
he passed through all that range. Most t
um of the people who live in the neighbor
he hood call it "Gooty" street. At differ
3n ent times the street-car men have been
so heard to announce.
Ga-o-othy.
La- Gerty street.
he Gatty shtreet t
ral (oaty.
lch Gutty.
ks Go-ethy.
Ga- Gooth.
is: Got-hee.
But a German knows how to Iru
eir nounce it., and there was a Germnancon
ds, ductor on the car the other night.
of Among his passengers was a stout Mayo
to man who dozed beside the stove. At
ten (oethe street the conductor opened the
or- door and, giving the word the inimita
ble burr, called out: "Gurle-tay." The
a a Mayo man kept right on sleeping until
ice, the car lurched at Lincoln park, when
iof he arose and walked to the platform.
put "F'ow fa-ar up have we got, Dutchy?"
cnd Ile asked.
ll- "Sort efenoo," said the condnuctor.
'se. "Thay 'ell we hov!" said the Mayo
led man. "And didn't ye hea.r-r nme ask
o0e fur Gooty street?"
ose "I deet, ent 1 galled Ger-e-tay."
"rs, "Gunratay, (iuhratay, is it? Ouhra
tay, the divvle. It's ye an' the likes o
on yez, with the tongues on ye as thick as
on- the sole of me boot that's kapin'
led. Amuhrican citizens out of a livin'. Let
ma me tell ye, me bucko, when I sa-ay I
ith want to get off at Gooty street, it's off
hes t Gooty street I want to get. D'ye
hear, ye bosthoon?"'
te And he pulled the conductor's nose in
:ing anger and jumped from the car at Vis
tat consin street.-Chicago Post.
e Purely American.
r rr. Iinks-I was told to-day that
sre China had the first suspension bridge.
Ism would like to know if there is any
the thing you Chinese don't claim to have
had tirst.
Vah Lee-One thingee.
ven MIr. Binks--What?
ago Wah Lee-Hoodlums.-- . Y. Weekly.
nary An Error of Jodgeentr.
Lers, Husband-Somebody has stolen a
Sto whole layer of these cigars.
eggs WVife-I gave them to the servants.
:om- Husband-Why did you do that?
d as \Wife-You said they were domestic
for cigars, and I thought they must be in
tended for the use of the domestics.
ay, Texas Siftings.
arge -¼\lr. ,Moody is scrupulous -abcut
r a travc'lin Riunnday, no matter ho\w In-,
SpaRthet be may be or hbow wsvtrthy t-in
mititP n wileh he 15 lJint
A COQUETTE IN DEATH.
The Skin of Her Shoulderas equeathed
to Flammarlon. getlt
Camille Flammarion, the well-known salt
astronomer, was some years ago a to
guest at the country seat of a certain fres
count and countess. The countess islig
of foreign origin and her husband's and
seat is in the department of the Jura. Ser
She was dying with consumption and mah
became deeply impressed with Flam- can
marion's accounts of his scientific Goo
flights to sidereal regions. She became
imbued with his theory of the plurality it w
of the inhabitable worlds. This en
abled her to await the inevitable end `hl
of her disease with calm resignation, wit,
perhaps with the hope that death
might only prove a translation to Macs ices
or some other planet of the celestial
world.
In due time Flammarion's visit came Thc
to an end. lie returned to his observa- the
tory and forgot in the absorption of his
astronomical studies all about his
hostess at the chateau among the of
mountains of Jura. Some time ago a cuP
package arrived at the observatory. nc
conmpanied by a letter in a black-edged 1i.
envelope. T'he packet and letter were
received by nlme. Flammarion.who, on kee
examing the contents, found that the the
package contained a large piece of but
white skin, very thick and cold to the tia
touch. The letter, which was in French, ly;
read as follows: ells
DEAR MAsrER:-I am fulfilling the last wish
of one who bore a strange love for you. She -
made me swear to send you on the day after sea
her deth th e skin of her lxautiful 'sboulders. inc
which you admired so much. she said. on the
evening of your departure. It was htr desire th
that you should have bound in thls skin Ihb sal
first copy of the first book you may publish pao
after bhr death. I transmit to you, dear mas
ter. this relic, as I took my oath that I would.
This letter was signed by a well- an
known medical practitioner of Jura. m
"As a matterof fact," said Flammarion, ce
"I had admired the beautiful shoulders pu
of the countess the evening I last saw ba
her, and when she was in decollete
dinner toilet. What was I to do with -
the strange legacy? I was tempted to ha
send it back, but on reflection I deter- of
i ined to carry out the wish of the dead wt
woman. whom I remembered with s'
pleasure.
"Accordingly I sent it to a tanner, eg
who worked on it three months. lie of
sent it back beautifully prepared. I , a
have just had my last work, "Terre et tir
Ciel," bound with it. Here is the vol- th
Sullce." i
Y The binding is not only unique, butI th
s exceedingly handsome. On it is la
o stamped in gold letters the words "Sou- TI
h renir d' une Morte."-San Francisco er
a Chronicle. Ie
MODERN CULTURE. f
Mersr. Ollriz and Her lanorant and Ur- a,
0 scholarly HIusband. O1
" 'llon soir," said Mrs. Oilriz as she I1
O swept into the room. She said it with w
a delicate rising inflection that she had n,
'e learned with great care from her French I
Is teacher.
"I should say so." w-as the answer.
r "withl all the rheumatism I've gathered
a in, I'll bet I've got about the sorest Rs
br hones of any ,an in this ward." P
"Dear! dear'' sighed the good wom- b
es an. "flow I do wish you'd go in more it
fd or culture and things. What are you e
r reading?"
Is "" 'Chaucer,'"' but I can't say I like it ft
n much. When it comes to real first- o
class spelling, gimme Artemius Ward t'
every time." 1
"'Have you re-:d that new book in the o
ut library about Plutarch?" u
"No. WVho was hlie?" It
'e l"I'm so surpri.sed at you. I really a
de am. Hle was the mythological person a
n who had so many lives. Don't you re- o
th member?" I
lI "Oh, yes," answered Mr. Oilriz. "I d
ye believe I do," and lie gotup and started 1
ast to leave the room. t
" Are you going out?" i
r- "Yes, for a little walk." I
en "Would you object to doing a little
srrand for me?"
"Nope. Whatis it?"
"I want to send a letter of condolence
to Mrs. Pursington. She's lost her hus
band, you know."
"Well, you don't want me to hire it I
wrote, do you?"'
"No, indeed. But I want it proper. 1
When you go by the stationary store
t' get me a bottle of sympathetic ink. 1
un- there's a dear."
lt. And Mr. Oilriz said he would.-De
yO troit Free Press.
At -
ihe "OLD SI."
ta- -
lie "3 ,: -es Ills Bennous for OblJecting to
thle ioop-.kirt Contrivance.
ten It was evident from the way the old
man dumped the papers on the floor
.,., that tihere was something important,
prea-;sing on his mind.
".'ell, why don't you out with it; I
know it is there?"
ayo "W'hut I wants ter lkno' is dis-is day
sk rojeckin' sheo' 'nut ter fetch back
cOem hoop-skcerts and haystack dresses
Ira- ergin?"
"That seemns ter be. the latest in
Sformation fromn the fashion plates."
"'Vell, suil, dar orter le er act ob
t kongriss ergin enny sech doin's. lIcase I
Stell yer de fokes in dis henhl low part
Ser de uniun Ikan't stan' hit."
"Why not?"
)'ye "Kate hit's cz much ez de bes' ob us
Sin ki do now tcr pay de bills for dese
Vis- healh skimpy leetle tied-back gyarmints
wiht dd wimmin fakes w'ars now. an'
if dy ar' gwine ter tax us on dese four
nag sirkus tent kontrapshune-den
that dtr's got ter be er pow'ful suddin re
Ige. pealin' -ob de tariff bill an' er newnan
ny- imous free koinago er silver and' hit
ave extributed eckordin' ter de number of
females in de fambly."
"O, you are talking through your
chapeau; let up on it."
,ly. "All right, boss; but ef dar ain't ter
be no irtnflation er de kurrency en dar
ain't cr gwiide ter be enny infiatin' cr
de krinoline aronn' my house, dat's pat.
'Siides dat I sin't stuck on seein, er
'spectibui 'oman gwine aroun' de public
eti hixrays lo.Ja.in' like she dun climb'd up
c ha'£ way thro' or parryshoot an' wis
- valkih' off in hit. Ef my wife duz dat
-dar'll be trouble in our ward. I'd
jeasea soon hab er revorse setwunee eo
bout ter hab ter walli on do outskeeots oh
la $ cr 'on.wI Wil wi n o er 4m av win' tFrnpw
tI
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Batter Cakes: Two eggs beaten to* -I
gether, three cupfuls of sweet milk, Allep
salt to taste: enough white corn -meal -
to make the batter the consistency of exalt
fresh cream. have the hoc hot, grease durs i
slightly, drop the batter on the hoc ored
and let it fry until brown, then turn. -\
Serve hot with fresh butter. This grad
makes a nice dish for an invalid and Unit,
can be prepared in twenty miniuites-- colle;
Good Housekeeping. -'
-Chinese Mode of Iloiling Rice: VWash colle
it well in cold water, drain it through the f
a sieve, throw it into boiling water. stitu
When pulpy take it, out of the water alma
with a ladle, and putting it into a clean grad
vessel set it near the fire, where it will in ot
keep hot but not cook. Let it remain -`
so for fifteen minutes, or until it be- dress
comes white and dry. but not hard. their
Thus cooked, with the Chinese it takes Yorlt
the place of bread.-Harper's INazar. dren
-Griddle Cakes: Three teacupfuls publ
of buttermilk, two and one-half tea- to L
cupfuls of flour, three level teaspoon- 1Yori
iuls of soda, a little salt. Bake quick- -1
ly. The griddle, however, should not elect
be hot enough to scorch them. Dlo not Cali
keep slipping a knife under the edge of cons
the cakes to see whether they are done, educ
but wait until they have had sutlicient time
time to brown nicely. then turn quick- his
ly; when done slip them into a covered men
dish and send sinoking lhot to the table. -
--Ohio Farmer. Ron.
-Oyster Balls: To a pint of well- shod
seasoned mashed potatoes. made rather Catl
moist, add one well-beaten egg. Drain nune
the oysters on a napkin and sprinkle In I
salt and pepper over them. Shape the Cral
potatoes into small, equal-sized pats; men
place two oysters on the top of one, lay how
anotheron top of it, and with the h:and: -lert
mold into a ball with the oysters in the -
center. Place in a buttered bake tin, t he
put a bit of butter on the top of each Yor
ball and bake to a delicate 'brown.- lBri
Country Gentleman. and
-Tutti Frutti Cake: Beat to a cream i al
half a cup of fresh butter and two cups the
of powdered sugar, to which add the Seri
well-beaten yolks of four eggs, a cupof mios
sweet milk, a tablespoonful of cold I're:
water, the well-beaten whites of two -
eggs, and last of all three teaspoonfuls Aliu
of baking powder, sifted with an extra ihi
half cup of flour. Uake in jelly cake chu
t tins in a hot oven, being earctul to have the
the tins well greased and slightly form
warmed before pourlng the batter into his
t them. When cold, spread between each lark
s layer of cake the following mixture: sh<
- The well-beaten whites of two eggs. on
o enough pulverized sugar to umake a soft jeC1
icing, a tenspoonful of vanilla extract, pon
half a cupful of the best raisins care
fully stoned and chopped tine, dried ratn
and picked, and an equal quantity of 000
orange namrnalade. This quantity En!
e wil malce two good-sized layer cakes. tioi
ii which may be iced and otherwise or- efit
d namented, as fancy dictatcs.-Ladies "wh
1 Ilome Journal. l
Odds tad Etnd , of i)re.stmnan:i.gk. hl
d Some of the skirts worn over a round leg
t waist are simply corded at the top in ert
place of a belt, and trinmmed with a pre
i- band of fur or passemnenterie to answer -
e in place of an extra girdle, empire belt, nis
, etc. Changeable surah silk ru tle . ol
gathered to a narrow band, are sold at ,h
it forty-eight cents a yard to sew inside lc 'l
t- of a skirt to act as a finish and pro- sh
"d tection, or what the French call nii ,
balayeuse. This does not show on the ' t1
ie outside, unless the skirt is picked thl
up hastily, but is one of the modern wi
ideas of luxury in the linings tuu
ly and finishings of a dress. l'hese no
in silk ruffles now take the place -a
e- of the white Swiss ploitings formerly I h
worn in evening and ball gowns. Soicme
.I dressmakers advise laying skirts in a
d long drawer without any folding, but L
this is apt to wrinkle the trimming. and
if they are hung with the loops on dlif
ferent hooks they will keep their shape th
le and freshness, unless the closet is nil- lei
duly crowded. WYhere the hasqliles are re
also hung up it is an orderly and con- in
cc venient plan to hang the balsue of a hr
s- costume over the skirt belonging to it. Itl
Make a pocket just large enough for a (Ii
it handkerchief, face it with the dress se
material and sew it in one of the sNie tl
Pr. ba2k seams where it will rein:.:in in t1:
ire oblivion until needed. but such lockets Lt
,k. must not be crowded or they will gape w
open and ruin the appearance of any tl
fe- slcirt.-Ladies IHolne Journal.
Cultivate iti-litetn nt. iir
TeD not draw into your shell. So tl
to much is to be gained by contact with p
t the outside worldl. Tile intilence of ti
old the social current has the same effect ti
aor upon human nature as that produced a
tnt by the constant friction of the sea upon n
the pebbles on the beach. Rough cor- T
; ners are polished and sharp angles c
smoothed down into symmctriecl pro- e
lay portions. Bunt it is not enough to lie 1
ack simply in the swim. One must to be
ses happy, cultivate that society which cle- a
vates and enobles. Seek relaxation c
in- for mind and body among a set ofr
people mwho hold broad views of living.
o, Narrow-minded men and women, and
se I the world is full of them, will only
mrt give you distorted ideas of life, ideas
that will change thie sunniest and lmost
healthful disposition into one morose,
cus churlish and ill-natured. ie careful,
ese then, whom you chooste for your cornm
nts panions.-Detroit Free Press.
an Ready Hemedv for sore Throat.
Sr Sore throat seems to be as much one
a re of the children's own diseases as are
an- the measles and the mumps. Refore
hit thIle little one can talk plain comles the
r of plaintive little cry: ''Marnmma, my frote
hurts me." Therefore a cure which
our has the merit of being tried and not
found wanting will be appreciated by
ter many a mothler throughout tile land.
dar When the first symptoms appears,
a' cr usually a raw, smatting sensation, pre
pat. pare a cup of strong black tea. Add a
Steaspoonful of glycerine. being sure to
bli stir it well in, and use the mixture as a
d up argle as hot as it can be borne. This
wuz is certain to help even in stubborn
dat rases, and it is as simple as it is effec
I'd tive.-St. Louis Regmiblic.
ce ew
is oh I-13d1e unmber Two-"No cetheip
vapw Iw omlma oler w-or this ilug, did she.
I ri'thi e r adt t on"i's witttW Thme:
ECHCOL AND CHURCH.
-Every northern state west of the
Alleghanies has a state university.
-The first prize for the best entrance
examination to Chicago university
dulr ng December was taken by .col
ored pung lady.
-\Washington and Lee universityhas
graduated thirty-seven governorseight
Unitel States senators and thirty-one
college prcsidents.
-The new president of Hamilton
college, Dr. Melancthon WV. Stryker, ,Is
the first one of the alumni of that in
stitutin to hold such a position in his
alma mater, although fourteen of her
gradu::tes have filled presidential chairs
in other colleges.
-Vassar college students lately
dresse I three hundred dolls and sent
them to the college settlement in New
York for contribution among poor chil
dren. A collection of the best poems
published in the Vassar Miscellany is
to L:e Vassar's representation at the
W'orld's fair.
-Prof. Martin Kellogg, the newly
elected president of the university of
C'alifornia, has been living on the Pacifle
coast forty years. and been active in
educational work there most of that
time. Ile went thither directly from
his studies in the theological dep-rt
ment at Yale.
-A steady increase in the number of
Roman Catholic clergy in England is
shown by the statistics in the new
Catholic directory for 1893. They now
number in England and Scotland 2,9.50.
In Ireland there are 3,059. A consid
erable number of foreign priests,chiefly
members of the religious orders, are,
however, included in the Anglo-Roman
clergy.
-I)Dr. Henry J. Van Dyke, pastor of
the lhriclc Presbyterian church, New
i York, follows in the footsteps of Dr.
Briggs, of Union theological seminary,
and of Prof. Smith, of Lane theolog
ic a seminary, and declines to accept
the doctrine of the inerrancy of th,
Scriptures. Dr. Van Dyke is one of the
nmost eminent of the younger school of
1 I'resbyterian divines.
-The late Bishop I'addock of Massa
s hus.etts hadl a salary of $.000, and
Si'Phillips P.rooks. as rector of Trinity
: church in Boston, received $8,000. When
a the latter was elected to succeed the
r former there was an attempt to make
u his salary in the new place at least as
i large as it was in the old one. But
when Dr. Brooks heard what was going
ron he requested a friend to offer an ob
t ject ion, which led to an indefinite post
ponement of the plan.
--(,:. ::-·h has so far succeeded in
Srasir . .na r, £;..,0 .r the £55.
if 000 1t ' :-y o- 1- . ~ ' I3arkent.
y. . Ei.,. i retcac's
- effor. - . i, . Some'
5. r-'a .. .. c. -ei' ,i s have.
also later . -,-" i T:" bet\ien Gen.
lhooth's aides and the officers or odi-er
h'laritable organizations concerning al
1 leged "underselling the market" by the
in enceral's people i: disposing of the
a prIodiets of his "rescued" labor.
-r -'l'welve hundred beds at a penny a
, night each are offered to London's
homeless poor in a new Salvation Army
t shelter erected on the bank of the
c Thames near BIlackfriars bridge. A
,helter with four hundred beds was
a .pencd a year ago, mainly to "clear
ie the embankment of its destitute," but
d this ws as always more than crowded,
in with dozens of applicants for beds
turned aw:.y nightly. If a man has
e not even the necessary penny he can
cc earn lhis bed by half an hour's wood
y hopping.
` ONE h.CURCE OF EVIL.
It  ives of Chillairen will ite Largely eIolded
nd by aWhat Ii Expected of Tlhem.
I- Thinking well of a person is one of
SI the best aids that can be given him to
ii- lead him on toward well-doing. One
re reason why there are so many bad boys
- in the- world is because the phrase "bad
S iboy" has so rooted itself in the popular
t. thought, toward all boys. A child of
ra live years not long ago shrewdly ob
rS served: "'People don't know that lit
le tie children are good, unless they keep
in them. Why, mamma, people always
ets think children are bad until they live
p' with them; then they find out they
ny they can be good." A child
.ven at that early age, had seen enomugh
of the world to know that the prevail
ing disposition is to take it for grant:d
So that a child can have no spontaneous
ith promptings to right, no noble aspira
of tioas to goodness. no praiseworthy mo
ct Lives to action. And yet she knew that
ced upon fair trial, without prejudice, the
mon %tprld might reverse its hard judgment.
or- The rule applies through all ages and
rlcs conditions. One reason why so many
)ro- ec-convicts are untrustworthy is be
le ause they know that no one trusts
be them: bad boys are bad because they
1c- are taught that badness is a necessary
ion constituent of boyhood. Children and
of men lund it easier to do evil when evil
ng. s expected of themn. Conversely, they
aud find it easier to do good when good is
-ly looked for in them.-S. S. Times.
ens -hy Site Siniled.
mast The amount of money which may be
Sspent on an apparently neat and simple
f susit, at least to the inexperienced, is
om- enough to cast a gloom over the home
of small income. "'Why don't you have
Ssome such suits as thlat?"' asked a man
of his wife as a woman sat down op
arone posite in the car. The suit was a dark
fore green cloth, the material of which
the might have cost three or four dollars a
rote yard. Round the bottom of the skirt
rich was a three-inch band of Russian sable
nrot headed with jet. The jacket had wide
by revers and cuffs of the same costly fur,
ad. and as she threw back the jacket fronts
ad. thle waist was trimmed with some. The
r making was not ,less than one hundred
rle dollars probably, and fur was consider
oallv mnore. No wonder the wife, in a
ae a half yorn-out capa and a wool dress
' ia madre over for the second time, smiled
horn sadly.- Chicago Times.
ftee- That Would Be gad.
TMrs. Broolcs (a nautsicitn) - WhaLt
would you do if you had votce like':
the Mrs. Screeoher'a:
se Mr. itr5rooh-Om l'4 get alog