THE GAZETTE.
3ubseriptioea Peter, $ S Per Year
Many cigars 'that are sold for
toc. do not come up to the Daily
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demanade.
The City Council will meet Mon
day, when a deputy marshal will be
appointed.
Cane knives at lowest prices at
Moss Bros. & Co's
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
3:3o a. m. to z:3o p. m. and 3 to 5
p. m.
Mrs. D. A. Dimitry, and her
little son, Dracos, of Carencro,
were in Lafayette Tuesday.
Ladies who want the ",correct"
styles in Hats and Bonnets, will
find a choice collection of this sea
son's goods at Moss Bros. & Co's.
Miss Martha Mouton has return
ed home from Plaquemines.
Get a pair of those fine woolen
blankets at Moss Bros. & Co's.
Felix Salles made a short visit
to New Orleans during the past
week.
Many prominent physicians high
ly recommend the Daily States ci
gars as free from adulteration;
hence not harmful.
Father LaForest is getting things
ready for an old-time fair at Caren
cro in the near future.
Crei.le Cough Cure will stop
your cough. Pleasant to take and
good for children. 35 cents a bot
tle at Moss Pharmacy.
H. H. Hohorst made a flying trip
to the Cresent City during the
week.
Desire Doucet has entered the
Hill Business College at W.co,
Texas, where he will take a course
in business and telegraphy.
Pig's feet at Alex DeLahous
saye's.
Engineers, conductors and brake
men say that the Daily States is the
best Sc. cigar they ever smoked.
For sale by P. Demanade.
The News is a paper j st started
at Rayne. It is published by three
young men, among whom is our
young friend, Marvin Cunningham.
We wish them success.
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all
hand made and imported tobacco.
For sale by P. Demanade.
Mr. Alber.t F. Cayard, of this
place, and Miss Cecile Landry, of
Morgan City; were ma ried at the
latter place last Tuesday. They
arrived in Lafayette the same day
and have taken posession of their
home in Mouton's additi.n.
Once tried, you will have no
other. What? Why, the Daily
States cigar.
Albert Laurant, of Lake Arthur,
was in Lafahtette this week.
Paul Demanale will sell Houma
oysters this fall. He will also give
special attention to his lunch
counter.
DAVIS' WILD.o CHERRY AND TAR will cure
your Cough or Cold. Soc. and $1.oo.
Mr. Valery Lerloux, the well
known gentleman from Lake Ar
thur, was in Lafayette Monday, be
ing on his way to St. Martinville.
Alex Delahoussaye is still in the
lead with fresh groceries. He
handles none but the best and
freshest.
The Daily States 5c. cigars still in
the lead. For sale by P. Deman
ade.
Jimmie Davidson has retrned to
New Orleans to enter college.
Try the Figaro cigar at Alex
DeLahoussaya's. It is the best.
We learn that Mr. Flory will
soon open a new store at Brous
sardville.
The member, of the B. and Y.
club are reiluested to meet MVonday
evening at the usual place.
Edouard Labe ge las been ap
pointed agent at this place by the
I.ife,and Accident Insurance Com
pany of New Orleans. His office
is in the Advertiser building.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a soc. smoke for 5c.
The Louisiana Presb tery con
v-ened here Thursday at the I'rcsby
tcrian Church.
Among the ministers present
were: Revs. R. F. Patterson, Geo.
Fraser D. D., P. I.. Price, M .11.
Shaw and Elders A. A. Morgan,
and E. W. White. Rev. P'. 1..
P'rice was elected Moderator. Rev.
Geo. Fraser, the retiring Modcra
tor, preached the opening sermon.
'The meeting was well attended.
The veterans will hold a meeting
Saturday morning at the court
Dr. S. R. Ollil h int, of-"New Or
leans, '.amne to Lafayette Frid:-ty
and was A gust at the home of Mr
J. J. Davidson. The docter re
turned home Sunday in company
with Mrs. Olliphant who spent
some time in Lafayette.
The BUCKSKIN BREECHES
are made as carefully as more ex
pensive pants. The seams won't
rip, nor will the pocket3. The but
tons are ivited on, they fit and
look well. These are the points
that make th-ln the best working
pant3 that can be had at any price.
The Home and Farm and The
Gazette one year' for $s. 5.
Send us one dollar and twenty
five cents if you want to receive
The Gazette and The Home and
Farm o°'e whole year.
A number of gentlemen met in
Abbeville the other day presumably
to formulate a plan to defeat Dis
trict Attorney Gorily, but it seems
that no one could be decided upon
as an opponent to Mr. Gordy.
Some were for Mr. Bourges, some
for Mr. Campbell, while others
were in favor of Mr. Chargois. For
Judge the meeting was, we are in
formed, unanimous for Mr. Julian
Mouton. From this incident it
may be seen that there is not any
more opposition to Mr. Gordy in
Vermilion than in this parish.
Bolden Hoffpauir, a farmer living
near Duson, was in The Gazette
office Thursday. He spoke en
couragingly of the rice crop.
For one dollar and 25 cents you
can get The Home and Farm of
Lou;svill- and The Gazette one
year. The Home and Farm is the
leading agricultural paper of the
country.
We must compliment Will and
John Graser upon the very neat
work they did on the store-building
of Mouton & Salles.
Miss Rose McDonald, a charm
ing young lady of New Iberia, was
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Antoine
Deffez last Sunday.
Paul Blanchard, of Arraudville,
was in Lafayette this week.
Huisville Fournet and Philip
Mouton, or St. Martinville, were
visitors in Lafayette Sunday.
The popular painter, H. A. Eas
tin, has just completed the work on
Mrs. L. Bourges' new dwelling
house. Those who need the ser
vices of a first-class and conscien
tious workman should either call
on, or w ite to. Mr. Eastin.
Judge Eelix Voorhies, of New
Iberia, and Dan W. Voorhies,
Esq., of St. Martinville, were
pleasant callers at The Gazette
office Monday. Both thes gentle
men were once members of the
press, having founded the old St.
Martinville Observer. a paper
edited with exceptional ability.
Mrs. Jno. O. Mouton left Tues
day for New Orleans where she will}
purchase a large stock of the latest i
styles in millinery. During her
absence our handsome young friend,
Emanuel Pellerin, has charge of the
store. As ,-Manuel" is quite a!
ladies' man we have no doubt that
he is more than pleased with the
change.
Mr J K. Flower, secre;tary and
treasurer of t e Corir.-e Mill, Ca
nal and Sto:k Co.. of Corinne,
Utah, in sp.aking of C;:a.nlber
la n's C(otgh Remetiy says: *"I
cuonsidier i; the best in the market.
I have used many kiinds but find
Chamberlain' the most p-o:npt and
effe-tual in giving relief, and now
keep no other in my home." When
troubled with a cough or cold give
this remedy a trial and we assure
you that you will be more than
pleased with the result. For sale
by all druggists.
The following is a special from
Abbeville to The Times-Democrat
of Sept. ag. '*The first effort to set
the political pot to boilng in this
parish was made here yesterday
evening when a few politicians as- i
sembled behind closed doors for
the purpose of formulating some
plan to beat the present district at- I
torney, Mr. M. T. Gordy, for re-el
ection to office. Matters of state
were also discussed, but as there
were representaives piesent from
about all the known political par-;
ties, and as every one conld not
have his man mentioned, there was
discord in the ranks and it broke
up in a turmoil. I
The enterprising people of Jen-/
nings are making elaborate prepara
tions for the fair which will be held
in that town from the t5th to the ,
x8th of October. The Southern
Pacific Company will run a special 1
train fron. Morg n City to the fair
on the t7th and 18th. The traiin
w-ill leave here at to o'clock a. mu.
: , t:e. I,.r, s'. il " he 8 ,nts.
Ah'tlt eighteth iaeiz,.crs (,id ei
:commit,,etee appoitised hy the mtet
ilig held some tialnt ago nt Fillk's
hall held a conferencte last Mobday
behind closed doors, And it is re
ported, formed part of a ticket, as
follows: For Judge, Hon. C. De;
baillon; for sheriff, Vm. Campbell,
Esq.. and for representative, ! r
G. W. Scranton. There were no
selections for other offices. It
will be seen that two of the candi
dates are members of the commit
tee. A mass meeting had been an
nounced for that date, but for
some reason or other the people
did not "mass."
There is a decided improvement n
the business of the town. From all
appearances the clerks are busy
selling goods. The Gazette was
informed by several merchants that
they were of the opinion that the
fall trade would be eminently satis
factory,
The many friends in Lafayette of
District Attorney Gordy were hap
py to meet him this week. No
officer has ever been more success
ful in winning the esteem and con
fidence of the people than this able
young lawyer. It is safe to soy
that his re-election is an assured
fact.
"While down in the southwestern
part of the State some time ago,"
says Mr. W. Chalmers, editor of
The Chico (Cal.) Enterprise, "I
had an attack of dysentery. Hav
ing heard of Ch- mberlain's Colic,
Cholera and Diarhoea Remedy I
bought a bottle. A co':;ile of doses
of it completely cured rme. Now
I am a champion cf thiat remedy
for all stomach and bo;vel com
plaints." For sale by all druggists.
Valuable Prizes.
There were some bic)cles races at
St. Martinville last Sunday and the
following young men were present:
Alb Robichaud, Florian Cornay,
Gaston Veazey, Charles Bienvenu
and Charles Broissard. The two
latter participated in the races and
were awarded two prizes-a beauti
ful English imported $5.oo00 cap and
an elegant gold chain-also import
ed from Portland or Augusta, Me.
There were still be.ter prizes given
out.
A Protracted Meeting.
We are requested to announce
that a protracte,I meeting will be
conducted at the hi. P.. Church
commencing at 7:45 o'clock Mon
day night by Rev. C. C. Weir, as
sisted by Revs. M. Parker, of New
Orleans, and Denson, of Opelotisas.
The meeting will be continued
every morning at ti 4o'cl.ck and at
7:45 in the evening until the foliow
ing Sunday, at which time notice
of the close will he given. A cor
dial invitation is exten'led to all.
Conic Along, Genutlemuen.
In several parishes candidates
have announced themselves in the
local papers. If there are any can
dida'es in La ayette parish let them
come forward and let the people
know they are running. Come
with your "'glue," gentlemen, and
have us tell the people that you
want them to vote for you. But
when you come bring the money
along with yoa, as the cash will be
required for all announcements.
The following prices will be
charged: For district offices, $15;
parish, $to; ward, 5-.
Mr. Mouton Resigns.
The citizens of our town will
learn with sincere regret that Mr.
F. V. Mouton, the courteous and
affable T. & P. agent here, has
sent in his resignation and will
leave for h;s old home, Liafayette,
about the middle of next month.
He has accepted a position in the
Peoples Bank at his ,ld home. Mr.
Mouton has made many warm
friends during his stay in Plaque
mine and in leaving will carry with
him their best wishes for future
success.
The South also predicts for our
esteemed and valued friend a bril
liant career as a banker. True
merit always wins.-Iberville South.
The Gazette welcomes Mr. Mou
ton to his old home and congr-tu
lates the directors of the Peoples
Bank for having secured the ser
vices of such a popular and compe
tent gentleman.
The man who squeals for white
supremacy must favor white pri
maries.-Shreveport Caucasian.
Always, brother, always. And
that is the reason we believe the
Democratic Executive Committee
of St. Landry parsih will order
white primaries. Both factions of
the party in the parish have de
mandled that mode of selecting our
officers, and we can't see how the
committee can get out of giving the
people white primarics.-St. Lan
dry Clarion.
Correct; eminently correct.
When you are in doubt what to do for
your cough or cold take i)av.i.' WIn,
Cni :sur ANI) TAR. It will cure y. as it
has done thousands of others, It is the
best renedy for Artbnfa, biromchitis, Influ
enza,. Consualption in its early stages, Croup,
WV!t.)rting Coug', as the sales of fifty years
Ailphonsi Plee Findus a P'erified
Mani.
Lafayette has a 'eal sensation in
the shape of a brai hew jetrified
man that Alphonse Peck found
Thursday morning in the woods on
Horace Broussard's place about two
miles from town. Anybody who
has heard Peck tell about his ghast
ly fi. d is convinced of the genuine
ness of the discovery. Mr. Peck
and Ralph Duhon where walking
toward the bayou, when the former
stumbled against something which
proved to be the toes of a man.
Of course, he was at first awe
stricken at the sight of such an un
usual thing. He called Duhon's
attention to it and :hen a Ivanced a
little nearer. He scraped th- dirt
from around what he was soon con
vinced was the foot of a man. A
spade was procured and one can
easily imagine the surp ise of
Mcssrs. Peck and Duhoni when they
dug'out the body of a man hard as
stone. As petrified bodies are
rather uncommon things in this
part of Uncle Sam's comain the
news spread rapidly. In a few
hours a number of people from this
town and Breaux Bridge were on
the scene. Among those, who came
from the latter plice were two
physicians who unhesitatingly
pronounced the body that
of a human being. It is 5 feet so
inches and of perfect build; an '
weighs about 450 pounds. Save a
hole in the abdomen and one on
each thigh there isn't the least frac
tu'e discernible on the whole body.
Some thought that the face bore the
features of an Indian while others
were of the opinion that there was
no doubt as to the body being that
of a white matt. The hands, whic.
were placed just above the breast
in the regular way for burial, are
perfect in every particular; the
traces on the fingers and the finger
nails are exceptionally well marked.
The moustache gives the upper lip
the appearance of extra thickness.
and an eye-tooth sticks out. The
checks protrude like those of an
Indian and the forehead looks also
like that of the red man.
In the afternoon Messrs. Ralph
Duhon and Horace Broussard
brought the stone-man to Peck's
saloon where a large crowd so',n
congregated. Mr. Peck iuformned
us that the body woultl be washed
and placed on exhibuition when
eeerybodly will have an opportunity
to see it.
At Koyville.
A stiff norther has been blow
ing through our whiskers all the
week. The hot spell is about
broken; fine weather has set in.
Ginners are having a little war all
'-entre eux." So effective has it
been that charg .s have dropped to
30o cents a hundred for ginning cot
ton and Sz.oo per bale for bagging
an'd ties. Good, good; the farmers
are benefited. More money will
be in circulatio among the people.
The cont;nued rise of cotton has
inspired ilope in the breasts of our
people. Middling at 8Y. notwithi
standing the half crop, places our
farmers in better financial standing
than they have been for several
years. Thus, cuttailing of expen
ses, the close attention to home
products. less attendance to balls,
have shown them how easily money
can be saved. This year 95 has
been a severe and profitable lesson.
Jos. Rougeur was in Abbeville
this week.
Should a stranger visit any sec
tion of the parish and listen to the
harangues blabbered by some of the
''reformers," he would imagine him
self in Siberia, where exist serdom,
slavery and oppression. Can any
of our readers inform us why so
much kicking is being dclone. To
use the "reformers" favorite
expression this parish is in a "ty
rannous and despotical conditiom,"
brought about by the present
officials. Fortunately, the people
at large are enjoying free, healthy
liberty a .d our *"friends" are about
the only ones who would like to
make the world believe that Lafa
yette is in jeopardy, in peril.
Another "mut d'appui" is "Let us
break that chain of oppression de
priving us of the fruit of the land."
H ve our re ders ever heard such
stuff ? and coming from Democrat
too! Why are they anxious to
break that "chain of oppression ?"
T e answer is plain. It is simply
to link it up again for their espec
ial benefit, and make it as formid
able as it was a few years ago.
W..en the old *knot" dictated to,
and bulldozed the citizens of this
parish in a manner that woild make
the present "'tyrants" blush . That
racket will not work a darned bit,
as the bite of a poor little lap dog
is as fatal as the gnaw from a bull
dog infected with hydrophobia.
So this reform *'halla" is froth,
plain and simple.
Cherokee has been told that un
less he d sist in his remarks regard
ing the political "muddle" that he
th c I ' t v . .  ai s otilii, tle to
express otr ,i:niun regardless of
threats. This is a free country and
we intend to make good use of that
advantage. FIurthermore anybody
wishing us personal injury, will be
given the benefit of all that can be
gotten out of it; We can not talk
plainer.
Mrs. Scranton and daiughters
were visiting in Lafayette Friday
and Saturday.
Mr. Romain Melancon returned
to the sea coast accompanied b:y
Miss Vertot and Mr. and Mrs. A.
Monte.
Rodolph Roy and Domn Landry
were in Lafavette Sunday.
Louis Olivier and Maurice Mou,
ton of Broussardville attended mass
at Royville Sunday.
The constable list for the fourth
ward is swelling daily. So far, we
hear , f Messrs. Lucien l)uhon,
Philias Boudreaux, Napoleon Me
lancon, J. B. Benoit, Estival Hulin,
Jules Neigh.
It is rumored about that Judge I..
A. Leblanec will be a candidate for
the L..egislature.
Mr. Arthur Greig was in town
Monday.
D)upuitY Sheriff Toln Mouton was
riding around Royville last week,
we presume, serving jury notices.
Mr. Locke Breaux, of New Or
leans, was a guest of Dr. -Scranton
Tuesday.
Messrs. Wm. Campbell, Louis J.
Breaux and Ex-Judge Debaillon
were talking "business" in Royville
Thesday.
Mr. P. B. Roy was called to La
fayette Monday. CHEROKEE.
Closes the Season.
PIl.ETTE, I.A., Sept. 29, 1895.
The Pilette Union Base Ball Club
have resolved to go Into winter
quarters this day, Sept. 29, 1895.
All challenges are hereby with
drawn. They will resume o era
tiorts SotirInintC net'Xt season.
RorT. BREotSSARDn
Secretary and Manager.
S-.. .. ... A , . . '... .... . -i.
S.•m e ,: .igni;g: :,.,'s, : h' i- ve b,.,-:: 'h:
culaE iog t,. r: . , . :':-.-t ! . t :tore it the
busin'- of uo *-t 1 . ysg. I : .'iy pro
nor "._e tho- " g " : f ."i..- . -;.., (' i., rn::mr
t o.te:u l iil: ýi " , v, a n::c!t ist ci e
Iui,r:e p a l a i .i '1 2" t,, " y the high
cst r.anrhzet pri ,. n., r. " : ". i:, :"Y
haper. . . , t.t
My wife, l)ruzilly Sp-I. h:ais I.f: ::r h..
"ul:i boar.l, and. I notify vh p .bli : :t wi'
no.t be responsible fior debts contra.c t I by
her. AusrIN E. W.'A;NEt.
Lafayette parish. l.a., Aug. 27.
Applieation For Pardon.
I nam anrls'yins f ,- a full .a-dnt from a
senttrlee o:f i.si" "*.ths in tae. State peni
teuntia;y f" th,. la:.:.n-uv .,f . .: ..v at th*. last
term t.1 court. J:) :rtit " , .ti1s;t!E:.
Succession Sale.
State of L.ouisiana-Parish of l.a
fayette-Suc-cession of Dr.
Felix C. Latiolais,
deceased
17th Judicial District Court-No.
2025.
By virtue of an order issued out of the
17th Judicial I)istrict Court of Louisiana, in
anld for the parish of I.nfayette, bearing
date Sept. 21, 1.)5, I oam anthorizedl al-I
comunissioned to sell at public auction, at
the drugstore of the dleeeased in the town
of Blroussardville, Lafayette parish, La., on
the
31st day of October. 18105,
to the last and highest bidder, for cash.
the following described property, bIel,ulgling
to said succession of said deceased, i)r.
Felix C. L.atialais, to-wit:
L.ot No. otne-Onle certain tract of prairite
land situated in the pari-sh of Lafayette on
Carencro, oil the west ibaik of Iavyou \'er
nlilin,. cJltainillng eightly-tlive andi 505oo
ar!ents-motvmre or less---Imtunded north by
Iicrre l'rejean, Ilo'race .Marrin aunl ,others;
south Ibyv loche Mouton anid F. i)utlluis.
cast by liaroti Vermnili.ni an I west Iy prmop
crty .mf Ern:st Iernarld, an.I Alexan rler an.
I.enarld L.atiolais.
Lot No. 2--()ine un.livid.ll half of acertain
lot situated in the tows of Ir'oassard. LIafa
yette parish, and dlesigatoed ont thi t.lt uf
said town as lot No,. live (S) in block **A."
nmeasuring forty-six (41) feet in; Msi organ
avenuie Iby one hundred andl twcttty f 'et in
depth, together with the undisvi.le.i hailf of
thIe buildings. and inlmlrvemrents th,-rcoo.
bounded .iorth )by) lot belongiing to Allp,'s.ose
L. Broussard, cast by Morgan av._-ltue, tsoutht
by V. Broussard and west by Catholic
church proper-ty.
Lot No. three-One certain lot situatedl
in the town of Broussardville I.afayette
parish, and designatedl as lot No. live (5) in
block "I," mneasuiring forty-six an1l 8SIt00
feet on Mlorgant avenue Iby one htntldred atnd
twenty feet in depth, boaunded north Iy
Justillien G;uillotte, south by J.
G;. St. Julien,. west by Morgan avenue.
Also lot of mnovaliles, clnsisting of ldrus.
paints anti untensils; htousc-hold furniture,
kitchen utensils, &c.
ISAAC A. ButtOtSSARtS.
Sheriff of Lafavette parish.
Sept. 28, 1895.
Demnand of Administration.
State of Louisiana, Parish of I.afa
yette-r 7th Judicial Dis
trict Courtl,
Vhereas Constant i.eger has fTrleI it
saild erurt a p~ititism to bie algpirstedr A.l
ministrator of the Succession of 4 tr.ia
C~ormlier deceased. Asy person ionteislilnm
to nmake atiy opposition to said app. intmoent
will lile tle same in sait court, within test
days fram putbltcatiom of this nck'e otther
wise, said appointment will be nmadh.
(igveiv untder nry oflhcial seal ane signatuoe
int the town of .nfalettc. l.a., thi. 2,th ti,,
$ep.-'ember. A. I. 1.t89.
\V " t ,, ". - . - . t ' : -
PEOPLES STATE BANK
CAPITAL; $2-5,000:.. SURPlLUS, 5oo008
Does t Ceneral Banking Bupine6ss
CI(ROW GItARI), Pres. JOllN O. :Mt"'-T~N: \ice'c 're:;. S. I. PARK;HISON, Cashier.
THE ONLY GENUINIE
WILD TWEST
IN AMER!t.. IITii ITS
G;REi.T l -' E'R()I'iAN SUCCESSES;
l'l i/ 1 it !our (i'y ti.i .his as'n. irit 1rnd Iitc h fj.'r Day arnd Daii.
At Lafayette. On Wednesday, Oct. 9,
PAWNEE BILL'S
HISTORIC WILD WEST
Iudiait .lI .lustru,, Grantd .Iie.xi.uan ,,i,',.dmintr , I/nternatioial I.rposiioon of Nozveltek
iren Granfd A/i/iltary 7*rrst ara flent.
THE 'MARVEL. OF TH1E A(.E AND
THEM GREArES T WILD WEST tN THE WORLD.
/r ý" ,' ý _''ý :-.>-. , ~ t
L.
A Tribe of lat Hea I.dians, a Tribe o Earth Eating iggr Idians - Troup of Gonchas from h.
Pamp-t ot Suth .4merir-a. ilexterous lts Th'owers also n 1lad of "amtteus Black 4ra-ers,. better
r g atth f Ma.
f~ ~ ~ _-. .. - t&4t
S'E TlE "EA''LES
Real Indians, RpenOf The Principall the IVaurelik s, s
PaSion . Pawneh rs. te Ites hioeroke ells I sH ts)e h nsal i and of hc-he.s Bl a t c hiefst liktr
knon aWild Rtlhrs Ant-lron .oanl Panhrrpas
aIn ,hirlwind Equestrian i hasbiti ons, and t!:noe .ajee ti Suns of tahe ; rea t a Ieserty of the Orient:autiful Wil
eo atnd sae f te of satkill wihth the Rife aud iLariatct and displathe Rounding up and
Brandingve of CatWild Texas . c , tt st s lo aty Ukig Bronchos o e prt
A Splendid exicans, Ran. The fprentres of all the Nw Oais ExpTiiton. Grat
Siux Pharitnees. ,pain exres. Cherok te st. Chevens. Cl- kas a and t cmahhes. Great Chirst likn
. Lls who have burned own T lrlAer nI s aiHA D and have r i)bd the Fort s till S g
Ionch. A ralind betweerian thlt iattrien s andf i Arjetillery, an t f the gre at esert shoo ting in .t:
w hrid. Seatsn at skillevery ith t Rifle ancd IaVond tro, plays of atechiy nd strengthl)ipls. Thave neer beean
ll tr. .e Wild hariont Seand Standing lIsacns a unrivatled. z unsty tlking Blleronhs of the pur.slin
-eal Critas. ftow nleys ia st ti:u cs an ie V iaqut iros Vagariaeys. Palnoia skill withs. and an entire
Arow. Every feature everyan. The features of the New O-leais Exposition. Greated
eniats fr evChariyoteer, nly. Aehission g cents.ts Chiowbren uandter nints chastn half poodthirsty IO
iisk t . h.ah to nal. u e do Tran ier , t,-t.'s balit and hathe ro ant the Fort Stil  t ,g
Conch. A race between for the Batteries of Exhii Artiollery, a . th greatest shooting i 7 tl
wo. rl. Seenfor at every erorane. h tlero yroehniclur later.liplys. he eican
SHEIIIFF'S sALE.
State of Louisiana. 17th Jtnl:ctial
District Cotirt. P.l'arish of
Lafayette, No. 3931.
Peoples State Bank of Lafayette,
La., vs. W\eltnan , r dfordl.
liy virtue of a writ of seizure anI
sale (tulder executory proccc;s) isstcl fl.,ru
the II.ni, able Seventeenth lJutilial (h-strict
Court inl the above entitlce and tltnltcl Irerl
suit anlld to lme directed, I hav c sei.ed and
taken into tny p iseseion an I vwill s.ll in the
mlannler prescribed by liawI to th: last and
highe.t bid.ler, beItweet leg-l sale hours, at
tllhe front door of the court-house of said
parish on
SiMtutrdaty, Oct. 5, 18$95,
the foilowin, de-scribed 'rop :rty beltoging
to Weltoan Itradford,l Esq., of .cadii.z p.r
ish, I.a., and situated ill thl pari;. of Lafa
yette to-wit:
'The northwest quarter of secti.on twenty
one. tl.ownshllp Ilil ne, south of ralng lhree,
cast LouI isiana mridtiat a d tn. aining t
one hundred an5d sixty-six! aces actuirc, iy
11elnan trailfird fromt the Unite, States
givernllent as per patent issuetI by.- Iae
United States gosviirnumnt on (Octber t;
ISgt, with all unibling, an1l til.t nrov..intt
thereion situate!: one horse Cart: ione cra"
on,. one grindlstone: otue Creole lorsce; two
realcrs an I hiin lers: ,tne tnivir: o1ne lot of
shiingles of 14 buttndiles: otne gang plot; one
fifth of rgrotwing crop. .-,ay ,,f 5 itarels.
Termls cash.
ISAAC A. ItROt.SSAR1),
Shericl'- f Iafayctote parisll,
Saturdlay, Ang. 24, ISi5u.
Sou lltliir g For Totlhiang.
Of all the recent efforts at writing the Ife
of Napoleon in lpStSular style, .Miss "l'arliell'
easily leads, il point aboth of merit and in
terest. It irs:t appeared scrial!y in it,.
C/g'r,".* Ali.adnine, a:i is ntow 1.tL.i!reh t ii:
a haudsoacly ;rim'.!teit, csth-born.! vilu:"-P.
willt 25o illustrations. l".e look is having
an enorntlous sale at t$.oa i.- coiY. Pl' I:
I.TC OPINI(tN (ew V<nk t'ityl is actually
giving away this line vola,e to new sab
scribers. Write for parltisulars.
FOR SALE !
.itt.)nttion 1Inn.u + 4cekes's ^at
A chalnce ,if your lfc tinle ty seltfre an
ideal ru om, aindi plitalrle f.a'ilr. Also, the
uiEAt'SEJ(OU'i S-,rings a:rnt rlrk situatcd
ton thle b.lrks of tlk Ihea.tiful Isay'ou Vernril
o-,n. A large e»mnultiinna coetryl'v residence
with '" t) HiUNI,REI) AKl'PENTiS of
Excellent landi. Soil rety' best for ctultiva
'thn of !Sugar cane. c,,r:.. cottoni, c:c. (;t,"
snlc fr.its thie 'Twn iof l.afayett.: half mile
"ii- . Stu : r Ia. n-ri . .1it- a.t :oac if
" ' .)? l~,- 
S. llu ,III'F'S. 1LE.
State of Louisiana, Pari'sh of Lafax
vctte, No. t350 --Succes
sion of Jacques
Roullan.
l:v virtue of an order issued out of thi.
17th 1ludicinl Ilisttict Court in and for the
parish ot L.afayette, bearing date Sept z ;
iS5t, ati to nic directed, I have een" au
thorized aln empowCt ered to sell and will seli
at Itublic :luct..,l at the front door of the court
h.It-;e of the s.aid parish, to thie last and
h~ghest bilhler. betwencc legal sale hours, vr3
Saturday. Nov. 9, 1895.
the following describled property, to-wit:
Lot No. One--'rhe claim of said Succes'
si, n again.t thi Uniteid States for the unsat'
isied lalnd! claims beinig O. B.. WV. Dist I;:
1427. for So arpetits B. 1428, for 320 ar
lent, 1i. 1429, for 24o0 arlents, b. 143o;
for 400 arpcnts, Bi. 1.432, for tuo arpenrts, ;.
2471, for 400 arpcnts, 13. 1870; for 440 -ar
pents, in. 0il 2040 a: iCntt.
Lot two--'he ch.i:us of said succeisior?
ag,.inst the" LUnited States for the unsatisfied
land cl;iu known as C. No 1347, for 231
arp.nts in the report cif land board dated
\Ma ISIs.
Lot three-Artaika'a; warrant; No. rl;
s":ia oif July tIS2, for 50o acre of cylires.4
.m.\nl, land on Grosse Tete. Bayou Este
l.ot for-h--'he clains of said saidcessiot'
against t! LUnited States for the unsatisfic,.
I, til clail fs lceilng I1. B" \Vest listrict :f
l.ouisiana, No. 1433, for 320 arpents; A
., 1402t, for 56z arpents and H. 5870; I,,
440 arpents, in all 1320 arpetfts.
Tetz,,s Cash.
iSA AC A.. KIROUSS ARIs.
Sept: fa4 Stheriff of Lafayette parih.
Sheriff's Sale,
!. V. Martin Vs, trfank COtiiiiia-a,
;r.i Justice's Coutrtt Parish
of I.afa)yetae, La.
iy .vif'.e of anI rer issued front th.
hotn:,le t!ic 3rdt Justice's court of Lafa
'ette pa:.ifsr, La.. and to me directed. I
have sciedtl anl will sell, flo art t ,to thil
last anad high:.t lIdkr, a! t the coutri-hot: I:
duoor o the town of L Fayette, on
1S6attuidary. Nov 2, to9,
the following descrildrT fodperfy; to-witf
One kTt of olattve with imtprlemen'euts ith
the Ikotrereau extewaiont to tie tow"a of Larfe
yestc. Iueasnring 230 feet by lO fet-t
brmundtll North, by YPtietae OfdGry, Saout:,
nod Eaust b A. I1. 1Cudr itax, aid West Ib
East street.
Als,; a fractio,' of lot with ti'mlpotVemaent
in Ifardreaut's extension utt sn .g 3g . ftt
rirlng Nwortl and South by -3et East
and W sct. Ismteded ! ioth by Gcinefa treete
strcet, West by Fra:nk Contawaly.
I. A. BaotrssAltt :