LFAYETE G AZET.
V:OLUE II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1894. NUlMBER i.2
. " -.::":.'.:.5 -_ - .;-., n .... . i , "
N IA BROUSSARD,
C1 Raker aid
aniture Repairer
O ALL KINDS.
"Tuaiag of Banisters, Soroll Banisters,
'Maney and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LAWATWi'ETTE, LA.
- LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
IEBELWRIIHT ao SUPPLY SHOP.
near Bank uUdladig.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Batiafactlou guardnteod.
-H.. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Larayete, La.
It. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.AtLtor'xny vs EUt I saw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
--AND DEALER IN-
lich "wlrry, Watches, Diamonds, Etc
Cojg3's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE,
BAKER
Confectioner,
YVrmillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
tIllKolIoD BARBERl SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
Ti E "'OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
--------- I
H. L. I1ONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
Ilerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY o
AND a
AED Stable.
FEED a
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot. ii
First-class rigs at reasonable prices. It
Careful drivers furnished when required. ec
LAFAYETTE, LA. a
__jan 17. s
C. DEBAILLON, a
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su. fa
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas -
and Noew Orleans.
OPELOUSAS, LA.
-AND bh
Sale Stable
& COISTAITIH, Propristor.
CLAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
-DR. J. L. DUHART.
SA ptactitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years,'calls
attention to his new and successful treat
nient of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tut treatment affording a cuse )a
OilllAton. in the first and second.
pe''iM":· "the t ollow exactly the treat
we nt =&nd't-lrt.'ti tbhird period. -
Deafnes Ad chtonic diseases in geon.
O. P. CUiLBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Iraft a. tS. - nsE *f-l ads at st,
tended- to. 2?,:- - " 1-19 -
S-In-,'
i.e
-liiib
- . GENUS EXTRAORDINARY.
Hicks is a truly wondrous wight, whose like.
not often met:
A man of gifts so varied that they've brought
him but regret:
Whose work so full of power was it brought
about his fall,
So that today he sits and dares not use his
mfind at all.
" He wrote a tarce so funny that all those who
S went to see "
la" Did simply die there in their seats from sheer
hilarity;
And so, of course. Hicks had to take his play
hafm off the boards.
Lest in the future he received a murderer's re
wards.
"The novel is the thing for me." he sadt, Sh
sat him down
Before his desk and penned a tale that captured
all the town;
But it was such a brilliant tale, so dasszllng
bright. indeed,
It blinded with its splendorevery one who tried
e to read.
He turned his mind to music; wrote a walts
Glri folks were entranced;
to. But when 'twas played-oh, scandaloust-the
bishop, even, danced.
And once as orchestra of ten, while playing at
a hop.
Got so infatuated with his motes they really
couldn't stop.
Then painting Hicks took up. Alas! So potent
* was his brush
That mon were trampled down and maimed by
others in the rush
A. Who'd gone to gape; and henoe it is-at least
so rumor saith
That Hicks now dares do naught at all but sit
and wait for de h.
-D -Harper's Bazsr.
YEAR WITH A DEAD MAN.
$Y JAMKES SNAPS REEVU.
[Copyright. 194. by the Author.]
SOU may remem
ber that. at the
time the Old
Bean told the '
story of "The
11Man Who I
Changed His
i Name," he ad
mitted that
t here were
also one or two
others in the
club who were
somewhat un
der a social
ban. Not that
these had done
Sanything dishonest or ungentlemanly,
or that could even be openly criteised;
only the club had not quite approved
their course in certain matters, deem- L
ing it not up to the high standard by r
which, individually and collectively,
it sought to be governed. It was jeal- a
ous of its reputation in this respect, r
and the mere suspicion that the con
dugt of any member could bring dis- °
credit upon it was sufficient to make
him feel heavily its disapproval.
One of these men had attracted my
attention to such a degree that the
Beau could not help perceiving my cu
) riosity, and, one night, he set himself
-rather grudgingly-to the task of
gratifying it. This man's name was
- Richardson, and he was a common
enough looking fellow, had it not been
" for a certain likeness to a dead man,
which one could not help seeing in
,, his face.
"Let us find as cheerful a place as
we can," said the Beau, "for the tale
is grewsome enough."
So we drew our chairs in front of the
wood fire that sparkled and snapped in
one of the little, quiet, smoking rooms.
Then the Beau called to the steward to
bring us some good brandy.
"It's a cold night outside," he said,
"and this is a cold story. Let us for
tify ourselves." R
A fter we had fortified, the Beau sank
into a deep study for a little. Then he w,
reached forward and poked at the fire m
so that it blazed up more brightly. m
" "Have you ever noticed," he asked, of
suddenly, "how one's face and manner
may grow into a resemblance of some
other one with whom he is much in le
close companionship? How a husband
and wife, for instance, may grow to he
i look and act, and even think, alike? ri
That is what we call family likeness; m
the members of one household grow- an
ing constantly to resemble each other
in feature and action. Now note," he a
continued, not waiting for me to hii
answer, "that the strongest face, the ml
strongest personality, in such a case, ini
always dominates the other. A weak co
face will grow stronger; but a strong li
face will never grow weaker from this W,
dontact.
"That man Richardson, whose face
fascinates you like the face of Death" loi
I -I started as he put my thought into fr'
words-"had, as a youth, a weak, un- the
certain, good-natured face. You see
in it now certain elements of strength, lie
but most unpleasantly accented- That as
the
sof
-wh
St, r'ealthe of a s "le year elo
companionshlp with a certain face-a 'o
face which, durfng that year, I faney
must have beeir present every moment lite
to either his bodily or meqtal vision- fas
the face of a dead man." "
"Was it a crime?" I asked. you
"No; not as men reckon crisme. But nal
t was acrime agoinst his own man- Just
hood--what-little'he possessed-." the;
The Betiu pau.ed and swallowed a
glaaful of the bi~ady. -
"1 don'tlike tbiatory," be said; "it seni
leaves a bad taste in the mouth. An dow
uncle died, who ihetr Richardson wans wife
veryota bs 1lbe. he, t it seems "1 l
man set great store. I mesan by. thl,
the tncle thought the ntephewt a dtadW
atrd 'Thert was 1ome one elad in qdes=
Uht tiolh too; a far-awuiy iiece, or cosin,
of something. But the old man seemed
uot to think it would be only right to give
a his the one who was nearest him in blood
a chance for the money. And he did it."
w There was a grim smile about my =
friend's mouth at this, and I waited
beer anxiously for the next words.
"Yes, he did it. Knowing that he
play was about to die, he caused a tomb to
_ be built in a lonely spot. tie kianzled
it elaborately: A find; inaifbld *air-I
eand cphatngs for hiinself in which he was I
to be placed-after being thoroughly
ired embalmed-with his face up. A glass
lid was to be over him, and the whole
oUns to be sealed tightly, so as to be im
ried pervious to the air. In this; the old
fellow rightly guessed, he wouid- keep
t a longf While.
"Now, here was his plan for finding
-the how far this nephew would go for his
a money. The will provided that he
should live in this tomb for a year.
ally There was plenty of room. lie was to
live there-day and night. Ills food 4
tent would be brought himn. lie was to be !
allowed books and writing stuffs. For
Iby an hour before sunrise each morning,
set and for an hour after sunset each *
night, he could walk abroad. But he I
islt must have no communication with any t
human being. If he faithfully ob- a
served these provisions -or a year, he c
should have the money, otherwise, it f
N. would go to the girl. Now a sensible a
man would have done one of three t
things. First, he would have given ,
up the money; second, he would have 1
sought out the girl and married her; m
m- third, he would have contested the v
he will. t
)Id "Richardson did none of these, but i
he set himself to earn the money." o
he The Beau paused so long at this 1
o point that I finally asked: 14
[is "Did he succeed?"'
Ld- "Aye. But it was a strange thing to t:
nt ntame success. lie stayed in the tomb 1l
re for a year. What that year was no b
vo man will ever know. If you have a
lie spark of imagination in you, you can a
re guess a little at his thoughts in those ti
n_ long hours. I only know this: when y
al he came out, and into the world once V
at more, his look was that of a dead man. h
ne Men kept away from him. Women 14
turned their faces from him when they p
d; met him in the street. Children ran p
ed shrieking when they saw him. It is
n- not quite so bad now. Association tl
with living beings has begun to have a p
y, humanizing effect. But it has been I
il- many years now. I fancy he has paid v,
rt, rather dearly for the money." I,
"And the rest of the story?" I said, c(
- seeing that my friend was apparently Is
ce forgetting the finish.
"Oh, yes!" he replied. "Now here is ce
the curious part of it. It seems that eu
0 s1I
he tI
au- hi
wf e the
s ut ti
un - le
"'NI, y man, he did not. 1Ve
h tta
nd hs manner ImpressiVe, "let tel P1
e e
n - -t
,. - - , in
1,dc
"CIHILDREN RANr BIRIEKING." 18
Richardson had been in love with the th
ih girl all the while. But he thought he
e would stand no chance i she had the f
a moneyand he had none. So he deter- fo
mined to secure the money and then
offer himself and It." I
r "And did he?" ce
liThe Old Beau laughed long and 'i- is
S "rNo, young man, he did not. When pr
he came out of the tomb, she was mar
ried to her heart's true love. And let
me tell you," here his voice grew grave. in
and his manner impressive,"let me tell
r you, my son, that a man is a fool to let pa
a year's silence interpose between fo
himself and the woman he would Th
marry. Or to let money-or want of it- th
interpose. Or to think that any factor pr
counts-if she is worth having-but Kie
love, honesty and true manliness. the
Women who are worth winning are for
won only by these." ami
He drained the last drop in his glass sin
lovingly, as though it had been a kiss up
from the lips of the woman of his i
thoughts. Who that woman was I t r
could not help wondeaing-and I be- thr
lieve he will tell me some day. For, ves
as I have said to you before, I think cl
the Old Beau has a story of his own. chi
As we rose to go, he said a last word: p
"She is a darling woman. And to mo
have rwon her a man mighthave done ing
something of more worth than to live Am
a year in a tomb. W- will go around inti
and see her some evening." the
A shattered Idol, pro
One of the greatest sorrows of fa- Mar
mons personages is that it is impos agr
sible to live up to the ideal opinion t a
which the people whom they meet in
the ordinary afairs of life have formed i
of them. a
It is recorded that acertain literary bin
man of high reputation had occasion
to remark to a waiter in the restaurant inte
where he sometimes lunches:
'"Waiter, this beefsteak is very
tough." a.
The waiter looked at him with a sor- coal
rowfnl expression. and sighed deeply. and
"Perhaps you will tell me," said the at
literry man, "why you sigh in that ec
"Ah, sir," said the waiter, "I took ard
you for a man who always said origi- inIl
nal things; and here you come and say te
just the same thing that all the rest of if b
them do!"-Youth's Companion. will
trat
-"Is this all the steak the batcher The
sent?" asked Mir Grimley, as he sat man
down to dinner. "Yes.", repited his trns
wife. "Why, I ordered thrde 'r da." tare
1 knaow it. It's too bad1'y.re ·lata
"W me. wee n that Is m~
hti M'ItNL Y DEN@tUNOD.
SProtectlon an faue .piid Whlch iteig
S eans Camsot Win.
d Col. A. L. Conger, ex-member of the
i. republican national committee fron
Ohio and one of the most prominent
,, manufacturers in the middle states,
si hrew a bombshell iato the ranks of
thne republicans of Ohio a few days ago
by denouncing, in the most vigoroes
Ihe i].lish, the MetIinleV tarif, sharply
he4tieisIn Gov.t Meinledy's admiieis
io tratioit f state affjirs and prondded
I ig Mdinniey tinft or fresident. Ina
r- eference to the McKinley bill Co.
vas Conger said:
"ly 'I have no ill feeling toward Gov.
SMcKinley. I have always been his
mle friend, and during the past twenty
In yars have centributed more of my
Ad time and means to his success thai l
'lP any.other man in my city or county.
By his administration of the affairs of
ng Ohio, however, he has shown himself
his to be unfitted for the presidency of the
he United States. The men who have al
r. ways aided him in his political cot.
to tests, the friends of years, he has
ed east hside and he is now guided and
be controlled by men whose sole interest
'Or in politics is personal advancement.
ig, They are not the men who are lying
oh awake nights to devise plans for keep
he ing the waeels of their great indus
ny tries running for the ensuing weeks.
pb- They are not the men who keep people I
he out of the poorhouse and free from suf
it fering. It is well to speak plainly
le about this matter. McKinley could
ee not carry a single state in the tuion,
on upon the McKinley law, in 1896, and I °
Ce believe that nine-tenths of the busi
or; ness men of the country will concur
he with me in the view that the McKinley
tariff is not only inconsistent but not a
it in line with the business sentiment of lý
our people. We lost the campaign of
is 1892 on the McKinley law and we will i
lose that of 1890 if that law be the par
amount issue. It is unfortunate for
to the republican party that Gov. McKin- r
ib ley's friends should have precipitated o
to his candidacy at this time.
a "We were all for him for governor f
6n and his friends have misinterpreted c,
Be the largo majority he received last tl
n year. That was a protest aginst the b
re Wilson bill, not an indorsement of the s6
. MIcKinley tariff. The business man t
in learns by experience one day and 1I
'Y profits by it the next. Why should not v
n politicians? le
is "I do not quite understand what all n
n this political hubbub is about, but the b
a. people who are kicking it up are kill- ,
n ing off their candidate and making la
d votes for Tom Reed every day. Gar- y,
field said in the republican national ti
I. convention of 1880, and it has been the a.
y law of the party ever since, that every se
republican should have the right to a,
is criticse the action of our party lead- ti
t ers, and went so far as to say that lie a
should not be ostracised or read out of N
his party if for good reasons he could p,
not vote for his party candidate. I te
have been educated for a high protec- SI
tionist, but have been engaged in busi- in
ness in some of the leading lines of le
manufacture of the country for a num- 00
ber of years, and during that time have «l
learned some things by experience en
whinh have changed my views upon the
tarilY question. al
"Gov. McKinley is the leader of our M
part;y in Ohio. The correspondents ta
sending out the news from our recent be
state convention said that every plank W
in the platform was first submitted th
to the governor for his approval. They we
seek to commit the party to the in- tu
dorsement of the McKinley bill for Sc
1896. They also put another plank in bi
the platform straddling the silver fo
question. Of course, we can fairly and Al
justly hold the governor responsible ch
for these two propositions as the plat- le]
form upon which he would stand in 1896. see
"'So far as the McKinley bill is con- to
cerned. we lost the campaign in 1892 co
upon that issue. The republican party sel
is for protection. The country has kn
prospered under it, bpt as we have It
g rown older we have needed less pro- wl
tection. WVe meant it our national th
platform in 1880-or at least it was the col
interpretation put upon it by the pri
party-that we had now reached a tee
point in our history when we could af- suj
ford to make reductions in the tariff. be
This was so stated by our leaders on toy
the stump, and by the republican ing
press, but when we put forth the Mc- ref
Kinley bill we violated the pledges of 1
the party, increased duties, then went pra
forth to battle upon the proposition, ap
and were beaten. Now, it would tio
simply be political suicide to start out poi
upon that proposition in 1896. ten
"We will take, for instance, the sub- Col
ject of binder twine. There are
three hundred millions of capital in
vested in the manufactuire of agri- -
cultural implements and farm ma- see
chinery in this country, giving cm- me
ployment directly and indirectly to an(
more than 800,000 of America's labor- mo
ing men. Whatever is good for the bex
American farmer and will advance his old
interests is good for the interests of teec
the manufacturers of agricultural free
machinery and their employea Their Ks:
prosperity must go hand in hand. -
Many of the leading manufacturers of oth
agricultural implements were opposed sch
to a duty on binder twine. aga
"By request I went before Maj. Mc- of 1
Kinley when he was framing his bill, mol
and asked that no duty be put upon tacl
binder twine, and explained tolhim the. him
reasons why it would be against the asu
interests of the republican party ani1 eve:
the people to put a duty upon it, but nun
the duty went on. The binder trust pat:
was manufacturing sisal twine, which tio.
cost 4 cents a pound mantufactured, Det
and it was being sold to the farmer -
at 14, 15 and 16 cents, 803 or 400 per I1 n
cent. above its cost. The trust, with broi
perhaps 86,000,000 or $7,000,000 invest- ove:
ed, has been paying dividends oe a fort
capital of over 830,000,000. Now, there lies
is not farmer in the United States, reli
if he understands his interests, who defi
will vote for any bill wheich perpe-i an
trates such an inustice upon alim. -parl
There is not a merchant, business trac
man or manufacturer outside of the still
trust in the United States who is in- volt
terested in perpetratinP g such an in. InSg
-ustice. Our friends (the enemy) rein
turned this mtteor uils s- ino .t~ i le.y
MEa m mt@
taring in diffrent- Itne In looking
i4Vei th1 P falls -e and the wages
iMidc isi the iag!ieltaital business, giv
the ing employment !i £ iefit afiUy of
*om people, average 84.25 for skilled labor.
eat We pick up the pay rolls in another inr
tes dustry and ind in that line tha Mc
of Kinley bill has raised the duty until it
Igo stands at 150 per cent. The wages for
o1 skilled labor on that pay roll average
ply five times what they are in .he other.
n1 -low, I know of instances where skilled
_ lablor vet~ s fri)t 010 to 818 and 6a0
I per dat. This is itii-Atnetiacn. If the
oi lab bing man in the A.gicultafti busi
ness wants to build a house he must
ov. pay for the material that comes from
his the other labor, upon a basis five or six
sty times higher than that he is getting
my for his labor, and I am opposed to the
las kind of protection that diseriminates in
tyf this way--ad that is what the MoKin
of ley bill does.
"elf There are scores of wrongs and in
the consistencies in the bill, and it is all
al- wrong for Gov. McKinley and his 1
friends to undertake to commit the re- I
hs publican party to a proposition that
Swill lead to sure defeat in 1898. It is ,
est not a crime for republicans to differ
at. upon these propositions, and some 1
one in our state should speak out for
ng the republican party. Personally, I I
us- stand upon the tariff question where 1
Sthe republican national convention
pie left it in 1888, for revision 'downward.'
ano We have nows population of 65,000,000,
ly and we shall soon have a population of a
ild 100.000,000. The people of this coun-'
try do not propose tc see silver knocked
out and we want tariff reduction as
si* fast as the safety of the business in- s
terests will warrant. We want that
kind of protection that will deal justly t
ot and fairly with all classes of American 2
of labor."
of PROTECTION THE CAUSE.
ill Trusts. Ceated and Fostered by Repubuae
an Legisltion.
or The sugar trust was the product of
n- republican legislation. The tariff act
ed of 1893, which taxed raw sugars at 1.4
cents a pound and upward, gave to re
or fined sugars protection of 8 to 8 3 t
ed cents a pound. The desire to retain
st this enormous bounty led to the com
he bination of the refining interests to re
he strict domestic competition, and the
1n trust was formed. When the McKin
1d ley bill was under consideration there 6
ot were still some "independent refiners"
left, who swore that they would never
L11 no never, sell out to the trust. EveryIt
ie body understood this except those who
11- were willfully blind. The McKinley "b
1i law gave the refineries 625,000,000 a
cr- year, and the "Independent refineries.,' "
al the stool pigeons of the trust, sold oul, d;
1e as everybody of intelligence had fore
Srv seen they would. In 1890 the republie- ti
to ans said the refiners needed protec
d- tion, some saying that the amount
1e should be as much as 1 cent a pound.
if Now they say the refineries need no
id protection or very little, which all in
I telligent people have known for years.
o- Still the republicans are unanimously '
i- in favor of the retention of the McKin
if ley law, which gives the trust 095,000,- N
a- 000 a year. This law, they say, is the
'e "bravest and best revenue bill ever
[ enacted." E
ie The sugar trust is but one of scores, E
almost all of which were allowed by H
ar Maj. McKinley to decide what the nt
is taxes on competing products should hn
it be. Henry Oliver went back from
k Washington to Pittsburgh and boasted du
d that the rates in the metal schedule g
y were those dictated by the manufac- g
i- turers. So of numerous other trusts. m
or So of interests that were not in com-in
n bination, but were on the point of
r forming combines to control prices. tt
d All these cormorants found ready and
e cheerful hospitality in Maj. McKin- t
- ley's committee-room. If they did not t,
I. see what they wanted, they had only de
i- to ask for it. The majority of the th
2 committee took great credit to them- ra
r selves for being practical men who rm
s knew the wants of the manufacturers . t
e It was boldly asserted that no man Ste
who did not understand the wants of a
1 the protectees was fit to serve o*s a
e committee on ways and means. In the an
present congress Mr. Wilson's eommit ll
s tee did not regard the wants of tie an
sugar trust. They have, therefore, ll
been denounced as men living in small pr
1 towns, unacquainted with manufactur- pI
ing, and therefore unfit to deal with
revenue questions. pa
r This is the protective system. Its g
t practical operation is confessed. It is
a plan by which the strong, by corrup- at
t tion and intimidation, secure the so
t power to crush the weak. Is this sys- ph
temrn to be perpetuated?-Louisville cal
SCourier-Journal. Cal
POINTS AND OPINIONS. an
-High protection and free silver no
seem to be the republican catch. That til
means high prices for what the laborer dri
and the producer buy and a depreciated gr
money to buy with. That is about as in
beneficial to the poor American as the on
old republican policy of a high-pro- s
tection to American manufactures, but ab
free trade in foreign pauper labor.- lon
Kansas City Times. tio
-The senate has run up againsat an
othersnag in dealing with the wool Ru
Ischedule. Republican senators are t
i again willing to sacrifice the interests w
of the country to the supposed bro- dal
motion of party strength. The spee
tacleof a man like "Boss" Quay talking En
himself into a state of exhaustion upon Ind
a subject that has been considered from jak
every point of view, times without '
number, is a sad commentary upon the dal
patriotism of the political organiza- dia
tion disgraced by his membership.
Detroit Free Pres.F
--The facts are that the country is to-<
suffering from business paralysis C
brought on by the eviolous ~ptem of hoe
overtaxation inangurated by the
former administration, and the iwpab
lican party having resed allow pa
relief legislation to be enacted.the yee
deficit is the result. But the republi- ner
an party is responsible for it That We
party brought on the panic and po
tracted the business stagnation which f
still continues. The reductio in |the da
volume of business causes a correspond- ]
InSg decrease in the revepues, and the Bre
remedy lies in the repeal of the MeKi. ova
lcy law and the restos'ttei of z fati u
A DOG'S CAREER.
ra The Lea& sad Useful Litfe spurt and
- i ss. Bnerlal a Sea.
f Reoently there died in Boston, and
. Wila "b~cied at sea" with something
i.n like funeral IiolidPd, a dog who had
e- lived a useful life, as well as an ex
it tremely long one for his kind. His
or name-a very inappropriate one, for
we he seems to have been a dog of staid
r. habits and serious life-was Sport; and
ad he was believed to be twenty-five years
o old when he died.
be He Was known to bemore than twenty,
ii- otr it was twenty years ago when he
st -i lirge brill-terrier, who looked then
a as if he might be an old dog-was found
x wandering about T wharf in Boston.
ig lie seemed to be a friendly fellow, and
he his appearance must have been favor
in able, for several men who belonged to
n- sailing craft tried to coax him aboard
their vessels, and several storekeepers
n- also offered to adopt him. 4&
I1 He declined the advances of all save
s the men who were in the employ of the
- Sprague Towboat Co.. which had an
t office on the wharf. To this concern he
s steadfastly attached himself, and was
r adopted by the crew of the tugboat
e Chatterton..
r About half his time he spent on
I board this tug, and the rest of it about
0 the company's office. It was here that
n he developed his most useful trait.
' About the company's premises many
oo cans of oil were kept, and for this. I
> as well as for other reasons, smoking
4 was forbidden.
4 Nevertheless, not infrequently em
b ployes of the tugs and others came
smoking about the premises. Sport i
i early learned what the rule was, and
y made it his business to see that it was
not transgressed. Whenever a man
entered the office with a pipe or a cigar,
Sport went at once to him, followed I
him about watchfully. and if he ap
. proached the oil tanks, would seize him
by the trousers' leg. growling at the
same time.
This always had the effect to stop
the smoking. Sport was a large ter-. r
rier, weighing fifty-six pounds. and as
the boatmen said, -had a head like an t
anvil." He never hurt any one. but
has been known to give a smoker a a
slight pinch in the leg if he did not de- v
sist from his smoking. t
Towards the end of last February
Sport took a trip down the harbor on p
the Chatterton, and when the boat re- a
turned, went up stairs into the office. I
lay down, and died. a
TheJnmen placed his body in a stout n
box, weighted with grate bars. A
small flag was tacked to the box. b
; Then the tug steamed with the box a ' -
distance of ten miles outside the har
bor. and there the coffin was slid off : 
the gangplank into the depths of the I 1
ocean.-Youth's Companion.
NORTHERN INDIA.
How the British Hold Upon the Land Has St
Been Strengtheng ed. ai
On the 1st of January, 18R2. by a great. t
feat of engineering,- England once
m-ore strengthened her hold upon d,
Northern India. The Khojak tunnel
was then completed and opened for the
public traffic. It has been said that
England has her right hand upon the
Hindoo-Kush and her left hand upon
the Khojak, for by. means of the tun
nel through the mountains she finds til
herself within sixty level miles of Can- ue
dahar. The political significance of the of
undertaking is apparent at the first, ca
glance; anything that facilitates the: th
movements of the troops stationed g
in Northern India and the quick mobli- . to
zation of forces upon the frontier E<
strengthens the grasp of England's. a
two strong hands. of
I The station of New Chaman is at the cr
foot of a very steep grade, where the o'
track winds in and out through the in
dead, bare hills before it plunges into
the side of the mountain. Within the
railway yards at New Chaman are sixty as
miles of railway lines piled up in neat ni
ten-mile packets, with the necessary try
sleepers and other accessories, ready at i,
a moment's notice to carry the line ov
into Candahar itself, which could be
filled in a few days with the red coats
and white helmets of the empress of th
India. New Chaman is a brand new
army post. A few trees have been
planted along the new-laid streets, the
barracks and buildings are freshly I
painted, and the vegetables are just be- ha
ginning to show in the public garden. fri
From the little station of Shela Bagh, is
at the eastern entrance of the tunnel, in;
so steep is the gradient down to the pa
plain that one of the inspector's little tel
cars, which holds three or four people, nu
can coast the entire distance and swing
around the curves at the rate of thirty o
miles an hour. It is an exciting coast, he
now rushing from the cool air of the or
tunnel, out of the darkness into the
drizzling sunshine, and down the long she
grades, creeping in some places, flying inm
in others, with the air that roars in Yo
one's ears getting warmer all the time
as the valley is gradually neared. Then
about the last curve with a rush, and at
long slide into the plain, up to the sta
tion of New Chaman. ve
If there is to be a struggle between sh
Russia and England at any time in the n
future, Afghanistan will be the seat of 5C
war. Herat, Cubul, Ghazni and Can- r
dahar will be objective points in Rus- be
sa'spossiblecampaign. Butat present de
England possesses the key to northern fe
India, and the tunnel through the Kho
jak range gives her the control of the
fertile valley of the Argand-ab. Can- I
dahar as a bhase of supplies, and. all In- live
dia behind her.-Harper's Weekly. W1I
now to BDust Prtltantly. an
- Valet-Over fifty Janning letters in thi
to-dajr's mail.
Chappie-Humph! Something will "
eoy to be done. me good man. Ime
"Yes, sir." me
"Let-me-see. Go tell all the news pl5
S-pers- that I have ordered a new steam
-acht. That will quiet those unman
nely tradesmen for a while."-N. Y. hi
weekly. _
Pla de Sleele oursaHeum.
Relporter--What's the assignment to be
day?
Managing Editor - Stroll down c
roadway, allow a cable-car to run gi
over you oq.dsecrbe the sensations
-n four eoi1Wp. ioir opl #unday ipyt ei.
-,·~ i C '.1.-'l-L~~
TAt.EL OF A WINDMILL. `
and now an Agent Worked the Bulna Omg
I Mean Man.
ind A number of years ago, I w rs 
ing windmills in sonthern Illinois. :ug
read day I struck a coqnty where people.e-V..
ex- spised windmills, and I did not sell a -
Iis mill a week. I got mad at "Ist,s a 'i
for concluded to try-a "bluff game." I in.," -.
aid quired for the meanest man in the
end I county.
ars My informant grinned, and, poinstiag Y
to a distant house, said: "Wv, b' go i
ty, Old Jo Larch over thar's the .esnt
lhe man creation could git up."
ten Away I drove for Jo Larch's.
und He was filing a saw on the back ..
in. porch, and paid no attention to- '4
nd my greeting. I went on: "Sir, I am
or- selling the best windmill in the world,
to and-"
trd "Git out o' that gate. When I want
Drs ye I'll send for ye."
I smiled. "All right, sir: but eant'
Ave I get some supper? I'll pay well for
he it."
an "No!" he yelled. "We've been to
he supper."
ras "Can I speak to your wife?"
rat "Won't do no good."
But it did, for I oered her five dol
on lars for a supper, and after a whisper
ut to her husband he growled: "Wal, go
at in: she'll feed you."
it. After my supper I said: "Mr. Larch,
ny I'll give you two dollars to feed my
is. horse." . '
ng And I got it fed.
At last he said I could stay all night,
in- and I told him stories and gave him'
ne cigars until he promised to let me put,
-rt up a mill for one month, and I signed
ad an agreement to remove it in thirty
as days.
an It was put up with every kind of tank
ir, and pipes to carry water through
ed the yards and house. The neighbors
p- watched with astonishment and envy.
m When the time was up I drove around
he with my men and began to take down
the mill. Out stormed Mr. Larch.
op "Hold on; I sorter like that jimcrack;
r-. ma'be I'll buy it."
as "Oh." said I, "this is only an adver
nI tisement. Keep at work, boys."
it The old man stormed and his wife
a appeared. It was so handy, made her
e- work easy, and she thought Jo ought
to buy it.
'y At last he offered me full price and
n pay for my time. I was sorry, but this
e- mill was sold to Mr. Smith, whom
e. Larch cordially hated. He stamped
and raved and begged me to leave the
it mill alone.
A I sat down and began figuring on a -
board. He watched me for a moment
a and then whispered excitedly:
r- "You think I'm going to let that
if dang Smith beat me? Not much.
H IHere's fifty dollars extra. Go away,
and keep your mouth shut."
Hle gave in with such an humbl air
that after appearing to consider for
is some time I agreed. The boards were
all replaced and we drove off, hearing
tf the old man chuckle to himself:
e o"iy J'hosiphat, it takes a mighty
n darned smart agent to git ahead of
Sme."-Chicago Record.
t HE WANTED AN OFFICE.
e nBut He inanly Concluded That lie Must
a Be Mlstaken After All.
(An amusing incident occured during
the last session of the legislature. As
usual there was a wild scramble for all
e of the fat clerkships, and among the
t candidates was one young man from -
e the rural districts whose trousers were
i gradually working up toward his boot
tops. In some way he fell in with
r Eddie Farrell, to whom he confided his
ambitions. Farrell towed him into the
office of the Golden Eagle, where a
crowd of legislators, newspaper men,
lobbyists and candidates were discuss
"Gentlemen, this is my friend, Mr.
Smith, said Farrell, by way of intro
duction, and then added, with a sig
nificant glance at the "high-water"
I trousers, "he is a candidate for the
a position of clerk of the committee on
overflowed lands."
The roar of laughter that greeted the
announcement convinced the granger
that his candidacy was a huge joke.
San Francisco Post.
she Knew the Kind.
She was a smart young woman who
had read the classics and the flip and
fresh young drummer liked her. but he
is in some doubt now. He was walk
ing with her the other day. and as they
passed a marble yard he called her at
tention to the various necropolitan or
naments.
"What kind of a monument would
you suggest for me?" he inquired, after
he had expressed a preference for one
or two handsome specimens.
"Well," she replied, thoughtfully, "I
should think a 'monument more last
ing than brass' would be about what
you needed.-"-Detroit Free Press.
A Show Bed.
A young woman in town has her bed
trimmed up with lace and ribbons in
very showy way. Visitors onder -ho
she has patience to take it apart every
night, and wonder if her husbaenlt
scolds at so much foolishness; but there
is a secret. The couple sleep in a
trundle bed that is kept under the show'
bed in the daytime. The husban'
doesn't like it: but that makes no dif
ference.-Atchlson Globe.
Very Cautious.
Incensed Wife-It is impossiblte t
live itith him, the way he goes was
Why. the other night he came ev ho.
and smashed my piano. What do yoin
think of that?
Polite Lawyer-You will have tar"
euse me madam as it is impossiblebtami
me to give an opLinion. You ri
member that I have never hei4
play.-Boston Transcript.
Please Head mua.na.
Btown-That bullet-Ireeof elo
has-;vet nted in Germuammy
greitig -.
Mrs *-I wyonder if'it
be s; boys tss
Fwvdde--N ,w
ela l