THE GAZETTE.
.Sx r lrpsan Prie, ; : $l Per Year
o iiver novelties at Biossat's.
Amilcar Martin, 6f Breaux Bridge,
was in town Tuesday.
Mr. Fred Mouton is making some
repairs to his residence.
"Gee Wiz" buttons at Biossat's
John Greig has entered the Gar
debled pharmacy.
Handkerchief holders at Bios
sat's,
Miss Mary Sprole returned Tues
day from Franklin where she was
visiting friends.
See my stock of Spectacles before
buying. I carry all styles and
grades. Biossat, Jeweler.
Judge Albert Voorhies and wife,
of New Orleans,-were the guest of
Mrs. Alf. Voorhies this week.
New line of solid silver novelties
just received at Biossat's Jewelry
Store.
Watches, Watches, Watches, at
Biossat's.
Messrs. Crow Girard. Ben Falk
and Leo Judice have returned from
their visit to relatives in Europe.
Many cigars that are sold for
s oc. do not come up to the Daily
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demanade.
Moss & Mouton have just re
caived two more car loads of wag
ons-the best and cheapest in the
market.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
8:3o a. m. to 1:3o p. m. and 3 to 5
p. m.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a soc. smoke for 5c.
The veterans of General Frank
Gardner Camp, No. 580, will meet
at the court-house the first Satur
day in October.
The homes of T. A. McFadden,
Fred Mouton and M. Bourgeois
were entered by burglars during the
past week.
Many prominent physicians high
ly recommend the Daily States ci
gars as free from adulteration;
hence not harmful.
The Daily States 5c. cigars still in
the lead. For sale by P. Deman
ade.
Mrs. Marx Neuhauser. wife of the
popular railroad conductor, was
a guest at the Crescent Hotel this
week.
Engineers, conductors and brake
men say that the Daily States is the
best 5c. cigar they ever smoked.
For sale by P. Demanade.
Once tried you will have no
other. What. Why, the Daily
States cigar.
E. Pellerin, the popular clerk at
John O. Mouton's, has returned
from Galveston, where he had gone
in seach of mu h-needed rest.
Ivory and pearl paper cutters at
Biossat's.
Gilbert Durant, the champion
bicyclist of St. Martinville, has sent
us a ticket to the bicycle races
which will take place in that town
on the igth instant.
Moss Bros. and Co. are expect
ing a shipment of Creole Onion sets
sometime next week. Better en
gage what you need, in advance.
Raoul Jeanmard, a prosperous
druggist of Thibodaux, was in La
fayette this week. He was the
guest of his brother, Charles Jean
mard, of The Advertiser.
Moss Bros. and Co. sell Teething
Necklaces that help children cut
their teeth. Enquire about them.
The public schools throughout
this parish were opened last Mon
day. A good attendance is re
ported in all the schools.
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all
hand made and imported tobacco.
For sale by P. Demanade.
WANTED-A position as clerk
by a young man who can keep
books. Address this office.
Ed Martin, a prominent mer
chant of Welch, was a guest last
Sunday at the home of his brother
in-law, Dr. G. A. Martin.
Creole Cough Cure is a pleasant,
safe and certain remedy for coughs
and coils. 35 cents a bottle at
tlie Mloss Pharmacy.
While stowing hay last Tuecsday
an old negro fell from the loft at
the Hebert stable. I-He sustained
serious injuries acd was uncon
scious several hours. Dr. Raney
n as called and kindly consented to
give medical aid to the unfortunate
old man.
Something n,-:. Aluminium
'cl.!,l ,-¢: . ,r ents n. .a.o ¢ ,':
Were it not that. `comparisons
are odious"'.The 3asette might un
dertake to compare notes about the
present and past administrations.
If you want to buy a good suit
of clothes, or some nice underwear,
see Mr. F. H. Thompson, agent
for the well-known firm of Wana
maker & Brown.
Miss Jennie; daughter of our for
mer townsman, C. H. Bradley,
spent some time at the home of Sher
iff Broussard. She returned to her
home in New Orleans Wednesday.
Mrs. S. A. Kell, of Pomona, Cal.,
had the bad luck to sprain her ankle.
"I tried several liniments," she
says, *"but was not cured until I
used Chamberlain's Pain Balm.
That remedy cured me and I take
pleasure in recommending it and
testifying to its efficacy." This
medicine is also of great value for
rheumatism, lame back, pains in
the chest, pleurisy and all deep
seated and muscular pains. For
sale by all druggists.
A number of young ladies and
gentlemen were entertaied Thursday
evening at the home of Dr. H. D.
Guidry.
Miss Cecile, daughter of Judge
Voorhies of New Iberia, is spending
some days in Lafayette at tre homes
of her brothers, Messrs. E. G.
and Felix Voorhies.
Last August while working in the
harvest field I became overheated,
was suddenly attacked with cramps',
and was nearly dead. Mr. Cum
mings, the druggest, gave me a dose
of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera
and Diarrhoea Remedy which com
pletely relieved me. I now keep
a bottle of the reniedy handy. A.
M. Bunnel, Centerville, Wash. For
sale by all druggists.
Those who wonder at the suc
cess of the well-known merchant,
Leon Plonsky, should not fail to
visit his store. The reason why
so many people go to his store is
explained by the large, varied
and well selected stock of goods.
Mr. Plonsky has paid much at
tention to the selection of an unusu
ally fine line of capes and cloaks
for ladies.
Hon. Julian Mouton, of Lafayete,
has been here this week looking
over the political field, and calcula
t;ng his chances for being elected
judge of this district.-Abbeville
Meridional.
A gentleman prominent in Lafay
ette parish political circles author
izes the statement that William
Campbell, who has been frequently
mentioned as a prosr.ective candi
date for district attorney, is not a
candidate for that office nor that cf
district judge.-Abbeville Meri
dional.
Mr. Sam Levy, one ot our shrewd
buyers, is now in New York pur
chasing for L. Levy of this place,
a complete assortment of all the
latest styles in clothing, dry goods,
neckwear, hats, etc., which are now
being received daily. We are as
sured, that the community will be
surprised at the low prices at which
these goods will be sold.
Judge C. Debaillon was circula
ting around this week among his
friends. His announcement ap
pears elsewhere offering his services
as an attorney to all who may stand
in need thereof. He tells us that
he has just completed his library at
a cost of upwards of $2,500oo, with
the exception of few French works
which could not be obtained. This
addition to his ample fund of legal
lore and ripened experience makes
him thoroughly equiped for busi
ness.-Abbeville Meridional.
See Biossat's stem-winding watch,
$2.50. Fine time-keeper, and sold
under a guarantee. It will surprise
you.
Bimetallic Mneeting.
LAFAYETTE, La., Sept. so.
The Democratic Executive Bi
metallic coirmittee of the parish
of Latayette mnet this day at the
court-house. Those present were:
Alex Delhomme, Homer Durio,
Simeon Begnaud, J. A. Labbe, A.
Olivier and Orther C. Mouton.
Absent: Benj. P. Breaux, A. D.
Verrot, Dr. R. O. Young, Dr. A.
O. C:lark and Simrneon Cormier.
On motion Mr. Alex I)elhomme
was unanimously elected chairman
and O. C. Mouton secretary of this
committee.
Resolved, that each nmember of
this conmuittee is requested to do
his utnmost in his respective ward,
to further the cause of the free and
unlimitel coinage of silver within
the Democratic party and in ac
cordance with resolution of the
mass meeting of July 13, x895.
The meeting adjourned subject
to the call of the lchairman.
ALEX DELHOMMP1, President.
....... " .? "-:.TO ."~. 'z;--r-.'
No Ticket Yet.
The committee appointed by the
meeting held at Falk's hall on Sept.
2, met at the office of Wm. Camp
bell, Esq., :last Monday. As the
conference was private we are not
able to say what took place, but it
is evident that there was no ticket
formed. The gentlemen compos
ing the committee remained closet
ed about a couple of hours, but it
appears that no agreement was
reached. It is understood that a
committee was appointed to con
sult parties in Vermilion for the
purpose of forming a district ticket.
From all appearances the gentle
men whose mission it is to form a
ticket are not having as;smooth a job
of it as mig'ht have been anticipated
after reading The Advertiser's re
port of the Falk's hall meeting.
After an agreement has been ar
rived at by the committee, which is
by no means assured if straws tell
correctly which way the political
wind is blowing, the campaign will
begin in earnest.
Honesty is just as great a virtue
in pants as in a man. The BUCK
SKIN BREECHES. are the most
faithful honest good we know how
to make. Honest seams, honest
buttons, honest wear. We've got
ten all the goodness we know how
to squeeze in, in these breeches.
We go still further, and refund your
money if they are not just as repre
sented.
Zenon, one of the oldest negroes
in this parish, died Tuesday on the
plantation ot the venerable Mrs.
Zephyrin Martin. Old Zenon was
purchased by the Martin family in
the year 2845. After the war he
refused to leave his masters, to
whom he was a faithful servant un
til his death.
Wanted his. Home Papers.
Mr. Crow Girard has a good joke
on Mr. Ben Falk. When they
reached Havre and set foot on
European soil it seems that Mr.
Falk was accosted by a newsboy.
Of course he wanted to buy a paper
and as he is a thorough home man
who believes in patronizing home
industries under all circumstances,
he very naturally asked for a copy
of The Alvertisei. but when in
formed that that famous Democrat
ic organ, was not known over there
despite its French department, he
was very much disappointed; he
then addressed the newsboy in Par
isian French and with extreme po
liteness requested that a copy of
the last edition of The Lafayette
Gazette be furnished him; one can
easily imagine how surprised he was
upon being told that the greatest
expounder of Jeffersonian Democ
racy in the parish of Lafayette was
unknown to the French news-ve~n
dor. His next effort was to obtain
a copy of The Creole-American.
(As a matter of explanat:on we will
state that this was before the edi
torial of this paper about the re
moval of the bawdy houses had
been cabled to the European press.)
WVhen he was informed that the
great moral and non-political weekly
was also an unknown factor in the
French republic, he turned to Mir.
Girard, but said no more
Mr. Falk positively refuses to he
interviewed on the above incident.
Plette Wins Again.
When we predicted that the
Union club would make mince
meat of the Butte Rougeans we
knew what we were speaking about.
To give substantial proof of the
"Laith that was in us" we offered to
bet a box of cigars and published
the challenge in the columns of The
Gazette. The paper had just made
its appearance when a postal card
was received from Oscar Pipes of
The Star stating that he would take
us up. The Gazette knew some
thing about the record of the Pilette
boys. They had entered the arena
against some of the most celebrated
clubs of this section and always
came out easy victors, and it could
not be possible that anything in the
parish of Vermilion would have the
slightest show when pitted against
them. Well, the game came off in
due time, and we hope Bro. Pipes
was'nt there to see his box of "Cot
ton Exchanges" knockcd out of
sight by the immortals from the
historic plains of Pilette. The
game which took place at Butte
Rouge, the home of a majority of
the players, consisted of five in
nings and resulted in a score of 3 i
to 6 in favor of Pilette's Unions.
IT'ne victory is still more creditable
when it is known that the victors
nad only played five innings whilei
their opponents had six innings in
which to make their six runs.
ILeonce I.abbe pitched for the I
Unions and Robert Broussard and
Jim Marsh did the catching.
people who witnessed the game
which was warmly contested and
very interesting.
Ve understand th it the Pilette
boys will play one or two more
games after which they will go into
winter quarters.
Mrs E. E. Davis, of San Miguel,
Cal. says: "I am trying in a
measure to repay the manufacturers
of Chamberlain's 'Cough Remedy
for the great good their remedy has
done me: For years I was a con
stant sufferer from weak lungs and
bronchial asthma. My rest at
night was disturbed by a hacking
cough, so that I felt miserable the
greater part of my time. Many
remedies recommended by my
friends were tried, none of which
proved suitable to my case. I did
not experience any beneficial results
until I began taking Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. After two bottles
of the large size have been used I
am pleased to' state, my health is
better than it has been for years.
The soleness has left my lungs
and chest and I can breathe easily
It has done me so much good that
I want all who are sufferering from
lung troubles, as I was, to give it a
trial." For sale by all druggists.
Free Education for the Deaf and
Dumb, and Blind.
James Goodwin, a most agreeable
gentleman representing the Deaf
and Dumb, and Blind Institute at
Baton Rouge was in Lafayette Tues
day and paid The Gazette a pleas
ant visit. Mr. Goodwin informed
us that there were in this parish
twenty-five children who could, and
probably will, receive an education
at the institution in whose interest
he is canvassing. This beneficient
institution, which is under the able
management of Mr. John Jastrem
ski, at one time a resident of Lafa
yette, is supported by the State.
All parents and guardians of deaf
mutes between the age of eight and
twenty-five years, should take ad
vantage of this splendid opportu
nity to give to their children or
wards an education and qualify them
to earn a livelihood in the different
avocations. There is also an ex
cellent school for the blind under
the supervision of Prof. W. H. N.
Magruder. Here too everything is
free of charge. In cases where the
children are too poor they will be
furnished clothing and their travel
ing expenses will be paid by the
State. WVe take the following from
a circular handed to us by Mr.
Goodwin: "The discipline of the
pupils is thorough; careful attention
is pald to their physical develop
ment and health. The institution
being a State Institution, each pupil
being given every opportunity to re
ceive religious instructions from
clergymen of his or her faith and to
attend the services of the various
churches which the city of Baton
Rouge affords."
After circulating among the peo
of this parish, Mr. Goodwin left to
visit Acadia and Calcasieu parishes.
Carencro News.
Dr. Lessly has recovered from
quite a long spell of sickness.
The picnic given by Father La
forest for the catechism children
and their friends on the 5th was
largely attended and proved a great
success, affording much enjoyment
to all-who were presen:.
The corporation awarded the
contract for grading the public
road to Mr. J. M. Jones. This is
part of the main road leading to
Lafayette. Mr. Jones has cornm
pleted the work, and has proven
himself an expert in road making.
Mrs. M. M. Thibodaux has re
turned home after spending several
weeks with relatives at Bayou Boeuf.
The following are the names of
the several candidates for the ward
offices: For justices of the peace,
Messrs O. P. Guilbeau, E. L. -s
tile'te and Frank Abadie. For con
stables, Messrs. Simonet Breaux,
Oneil Breax x, Broussard, A. Cor
mnier and Adam Sonnier. As elec
tion day approaches, there is no
doubt there will be some additions
to the above list.
It is with pleasure that we learn
of the reappointment of Mr. Felix
V'oorhies as cheif engineer of the
Carencro Sugar Company.
Your correspondent suggests the
name of Col. C. C. Brown for elec
tion as a member of the Police
Jury. 1Vhxle he is not a politician,
he is a man of ability and acumen.
He was engaged for a number of
years in the mercantile line, and re
cently has devoted himself almost
entirely to his farm, both expe
rieuces giving him a clear insight to
the. needs of our people. As a
imember of the Police Jury for the
last eight years, all fair-minded
men of the. 6th wardcl must admit
that he proved himself a faithful
term of membership we have seen
bridges built wherever they were
needed; some of which were sought
for, for the last twenty years. In
the matter of public roads, our ward
has much to boast of. The oppor
tunity now presents itself for our
people to show their appreciation
for duty well and faithfully done.
Miss' Lacoste, of Lafayette, was
in Carencro this week, the guest of
Miss Clemence Prejean.
No oae can assert at the present
time that the ladies of Carencro cut
talk the gentlenten. The latter cer
tainly "take "the cake" in this mat
ter; politics, of course, being, the
theme, and each street corner the
meeting place.
Miss Minima Jones was among
the young ladies who entered the
Grand Coteau Convent this session.
We understand that the mnumber of
pupil's attending this excellent insti
tute has increased this year.
Miss Hopkins,. daughter of Dr.
Hopkins of Lafayette, arrived Sun
day to take charge of the public
school near Miss Ophelia Brous
sard's.
Rev. Father Eby, of Chuebh
Point, was the guest of Father La
forest last week.
There are enough buyers in Car
encro to form a cotton exchange.
Colonel anu Mrs. Gus Breaux
were in Carencro last Sunday, the
guests of Mrs. C. C. Brown and
family.
Mrs. Geo. Melchoir and Mr.
Sam Brown, and Mr. and Mrs.
Claude Latiolais were visitors in
Grand Coteau last Sunday,
A visit to Mrs. Jno O. Mouton's
millinery store will convince the
ladies that they can find there all
the latest novelties of fashion.
Mrs. Mouton keeps pace with the
laws laid down by Worth's successor
and those who want to be in the
"fashionable swim" will do well to
call on her.
City Council Proceedings.
LAFAYETTE, LA., Sept. Io, 1895.
Pursuant to adjournment the Council met
this day. There were present: Mayor A.
J. Moss, Messrs. J. O. LeBlanc, Leo Doucet,
O. C. Mouton and Jos. Ducote. Absent:
Dr. J, D. Trahan, T. M. Biossat and B.
Falk.
Returns of commissioners which were de
livered to mayor after election held on Sept.
2, were laid before Council as follows:
Statement of votes cast at the court-honse
in the 3d ward, parish of Lafayette, State
of Louisiana at the election held on this sec
ond day of September, A. D. 1895, by vir
tue of the proclamation by his Honor, A. J.
Moss, mayor of the town of Lafayette, to
ascertain the will of the legal voters of the
corporation of Lafayette as fixed by Act No.
I1I of 1869 at present existing on the pro
posed annexation of the Mills' Mouton's and
McCotnbs' additions, and other territory ad
jacent as described by survey of Romain
Francez parish aurveyor, on the 18th day of
fay 5895.
1For annexation, fifty-three (53) as per list.
Against annexation, one (l) as per list.
Total number of votes cast, fifty-four (54).
Total number of votes contained in the box,
54.
And having completed said count which
we certify to be correct, we have replaced
the ballots thus counted by us in the ballot
box, which was sealed by us and we have
delivered the same with a duplicate of this
statement of votes kept by us and with the
list of voters of this election to the mayor
of the town of Lafayette.
State of Louisiana, parish of Latayette.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2d
day of September A. 1). 1895.
i. 13. BAsL.EY, Clerk of Court.
(Signted:) E. Constantin, J. E. Martin,
R. C. Greig, Conmnissioners.
Folllowing ordinance was offered by O. C.
Mouton:
"An ordinance proclaiming the result of
the election held at thle court-house i', the
town of Lafayette on the second day of
September, eighteen hundred and ninety
five, at which was submitted to the elector4
qualifiad to vote under the general clecti,,n
laws of the State, aid residing within tht,
corporate limnits of the town of Lafayette,
whether they concurred in, colnsented alnd
acceded to the proposed anlncxation to the
corporate limits of said town, certain lots or
land contiguous and adjacent theret,, under
provisions of acts ro5 of 5892-.:'
Whereas the returns of the elcctito, heldl
at the court-house ill the town of .Lafnyetle
on the second day of September, cilghtecen
hundred and ninety-live, submnitting to the
electors qualified to vote unuder the general
election laws of the State andt who residedl
in the territorial limits of said town, whether
they concurred in, consented aind acceded t',
the proposed aminexaion. to the territorial
cor-porate limits of the town of Lafayette,
certain lots.or land contiguous and adjacent
to tl.e corporate limnits of said town, and de
scribed in the proclamnation or notice of said
election as follows,- Starting at the bridge
on the coulee west of said town between
the properiies of HIenry Hohorst and Dame
Anita liohorst, wufe of Dr. lranklin J.
Monton, alnd runlling from thence alhng
said coulee, north 861$ west, a smnall ash, 3;
feet; north 67 east, a small ashi, 3r0 feet;
thence N. fC east. 3Jo feet in H-lo',aor.t's
Spasture; thence N. 27j E. Too feet: thence
N. zzy E., 179 feet ill cemetery zoo feet;
thence N;. Ij5 E., 389 feet; thence N;. IS'
E., iro feet; going from cemetery to .Mrs.
i Judice's place, 47o feet; thence N. 7& 1:..
Soo feet; thence . 20 E., 300oo feet tosoutth
east corner of Arthur Greig's property;
thence N. f E., 623 feet to the li ditch,
wooo feet t, Iruhlic road leading to Scott,
PEOPLES STATE BANK..
CAPITAL, $25,000 ... ... ..... SURPLUS, $5,000
Does ti Ceneral Banking Business.
CROW GIlRARI), Prc.. JcOIN O ( O . Vic> c lr . S. R. PARKERSON, ('ashier.
· .....c.
2653 feet to the north side of said railroad;
thence E. 1024; -thence south 77 E.. 660 feet
to the Morgan railroad (i.. WV. division) 1250
to center of Morgan road, 1760 to the pub
lic road leading to BIreaux liridge, 18to feet
into Dr. F. S. Mudd's tield, 3820 feet to the
southwest corner of his garden, 3900oo feet S.
about 75 feet beyond Dr. Mudd's residence,
4300 feet in Dr. Mudd's back lot. Thencec
S. 33!L E. front Dr. Mudd's to public road
leading to Breaux Bridge, 94o feet to Men
tor Richard's lot, 1050 feet into Crow
Girard's property, 1790 to. stake.
Thence south, 55 degrees west, 7o feet
between Nicholson and Cockrane, 846 feet
to Dowdell; 864 feet to stake. Thence S.
27 \., 89o feet to Chargois, 950 feet to. red
oak (2 feet in diameter) thence 46 \V,. 1oSo
feet to, N. E. corner of Roundhouse yard,
1520 feet to main line Morgan R. Ry., 182o
to Mouton addition; thence S. 29 W. 1414
feet to oak lane, 2650 feet. to public road
leading to Pinhook. Thence N. 49 \V. fol
lowing the public road g9oo feet to a coulce
in front of the residence of M. E. Girard.
S. 54 W., to.southaast corner of Mfr. Girard's
yard. Thence S. 76 W., in Mr. Girard's
pasture, looo feet in Dr. F. . Mouton's
field. Thence N. 8 \V.., 462 feet an oak,
(2 feet in diameter) south of Dr. Mouton's
barn, o500 feet to a coulee.- Thence follow
ing the coulee to the bridge, starting point,
N. 34 E. 586 feet, have been- made to the
municipal authorities withitn forty-_-ight
hours after the closing of the polls at said
efection. of Sept. ad. 1895; And whereas,
said returns of electi'ot have been recorded
and transcribed in the public record book
wherein- the ordinances or official proceed
ings of the corporation of Lafayette are us
ually kept and also being permanently pre
served among the offiiciat records of said
town; Therefore, be it resolved by the city
council: That proclamation of the result
thereof is hereby given in accordance with
said returns to be as follows, to-wit:
Votes cast at said election, fifty-four;
Votes in favor of proposed annexation, fifty
three; Votes against proposed annexation,
one.
Now therefore, proclamation is hereby
made by the City Council of the town of
Lafayette by virtue of the powers in it vest
ed by law, that a majority, in number and
value, of the qualified electors residing with
in the corporate limits of the town of Lafa
yette, voting at said election held on the
second day of September, eighteen hundred
and ninety-five, have voted in favor of the
annexation of the I*,ts or land described ant
defined in the preamble of this ordinance,
by virtue of and in compliance with the pro
visions of act 1o5 of the General Assemblly
.f this State, approved July 7th, :S92.
Be it further resolved etc., that this proc
lamation of the result of said election he
published for ten days in The l.afayette G;a
zette and The l.afayette Advertier, t~pun
papers published in said town.
Ie it further proclaimed, that from the
expiration of the proclamation of the result
of such election as aforesaid to-wit: Sept.
29, 1895, the lots or land describel in the
preamble of this resolution and proclanma
tion, shall be ipso facto, annexed to and in
cluded in the territorial corporate limits of
said towntof Lafayette, constitu'ng a l.art
thereof, and be subject to the jurisdiction,
control and authority of the Inunicipal au
thorities of said town of Lafayette as fully
and to all intents and purposes as if the same
had been originally included in the territor
ial limits. thereof in its L.cgilative charter
of 1836.
The following are the votes: Yeas: )0.
C. Mouton, J. O. LelBlanc, L.eo I Ducet and
jos. Duaotc. Nays: None.
There being no further busines.s the
Council adjourned to meet on Monday,
October 7, at 4 o'clock p. In.
A . J. MOSS, Mayor.
IsAXTIER CI.ItC;, Secretary.
Be ausejo ur
Springs,
On the Banks of the Beautiful Iayu, ti
Y'rnaiuion.
EXCELLE'NT SPRING, V\AT'IR.
COMMO ).O10tS BA.TII IIOLuSI-.
l.arge t).tncing P'latfrmn. iheautiful (;roun:,s
and Plenty otf Shade.. llegant Spot for
Picnics, Parties. Etc. Water fir lrinking
and btathing purposes munsurpasse:t. c,:
alant, see the place ;tuld enjoy asplcnt-ll lath.
Temperate and Cold Water
for Bathing.
Protection to Glmnt and Potltry'.
Thite tttltlersigtlel' will pay 550 bIunlt tt t,'
the piers'ns tiaking the hithest number or
points by killing predattury animil. ate!
irdls of prey it the pari.h of Lafayette.
t.a., bIeftre the ist ltayi ,f Ituuary, tS.y-,c
as. follows:
i-S5 to the one nlltaking greatest nub~thC" er
-15 t' t1he oue :tuki:,g ntxst -;rcatest lnull
her of' pioints.
Sto to the one tLn.kitg n. ext grearcaT t tltnu
ber r-f Ioints.
'atlne itf differcutt hea;l, are t' be c'unttfe'l
by 1titinta, a. f.iLl\ .
l~argy H-a -1 " t \1 ibl cut t o r
i~ii hawk I ,n . .5
Mink . i. WVt.asel 15
Skurk i,, I, . .. 15
11.....ts ,,f bir is ,t .... " .. l sI...tlj. of an'
mal. to lie deliveru ,tot \Vn. Clegg who will'
give receipt fo, p, -itt, nl. , Iriimnty to e paidnt
for leiss than ltive httndrctd poits.
Myv wife. Tlr.,rilv Spill, has left lny |,
nd ib.)aril, and i .ot;if the public tlat I will
not ii ret-ponsible tor deb.s contiracted ly
hcr. A. i..- r...
. . . . ..'" . i"i:"' • "'" -
Marshal's Sale
United States Circuit Court, WVest
errn District of Louisiana.
Wim. M. l.oree et als. vs. 7eche
R. R. and Sugar Company, L'td,
G. M. I)illey & Sons, In
tervenors.
By virtue of a writ of Fi Fa issued by the
Ho,norable united States Court for the ,Ves
tern District of L.ouisiatia, in the above en
titled and numlbered# suit and to me directed;
I have seized and fa ere,-into my possessiod
the following described property; to-wit:
One Fifteen Ton, No. 19, Narrow Guage.
BIaldwin Locomotive, now on the Hurouf
l'lantati.im iii St. Martin Parish, Louisiana,
and will sell at public aution between the
legal hours of sale,- the above described
property, on
Saturday, Sept. 21, 1895,
at the town .of Carencro, La.
T'erms of sale, cash with the benrefit of
appraiseLment. J. M. MARTIN,
United States Marshal.
M lE ItlFF'S SALE.
State of Louisiana-, 17th Judicial
I)istrict Court, Parish of
Lafayette, No. 393..
Peoples Staee flank of Lafayette,
La., vs. Welman B'tadfo'rd.
IBy virtue of a writ of seizolre and
sale (under executory process) issued fruonm
the hlonorable Seventeenth, Judicial District
Court in the above entitled and numbered
suilt and to tme directed, I have seized and
taken into my possession and will sell in the
manner prescribed by law to the last and
highest bidder, between legal sale hours, at
the front tloor of the court-house of said=
parish on
Saturday, Oct. 5, 1805,
the following described property belonging.
ito \Vclman Bradford, 7sq., of Acadia par
i.hl, l.a., and situated in the parish of Lafa
yette to-wit:
The northwest quarter of section twenty
one, township nine, south of range three,
cast Louisiana meridian, and containing.
one hundred and sixty-six; acres acquired by
Wilntan Bradford from the United States
government as per patent issued by the
United States government on October 15,
iS91, with all buildings and improvements
thereon situated: one horse cart; one wag
on, one grinidstone: one Creole horse; two
reapers and hinders; one mower; one lot of
shingles of 14 bundles: one gang plow; one
fifth of growing crop, say of 50o barrels.
Terms cash.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish,.
Saturday, Aug. 24, 1895.
SBlIERIFF'S SALE.
Sltate of T.otiisiana, Parish of Lafa-
yctte, No. 1350-Succes
sion of Jacques.
Bty virtue of an order issued out of the'
17th Judicial l)istrict Court in and for the
parish tf Lafayette, hearing date Sept 11,
8S95, and to me directed, I have been au
thorized and eml)wecrel to sell and will sell
at public auct.on at the front door ofthe court
house of the saild parish, -se- e- ~at--AM
highest bidder, betwcee legal sale houtrs, unt
Saturday-,CSept. 28, 1895.
thl-. fllowing describeld, property, to-wit:
L,it N-o. O(ne-The'l claimi of said Succes-
sin against the United States for the unsat
istied land claims being t. B., W. Dist B..
1427, for So arpent's I. 1428, for 320 ar-
.e 11,f B. 1429, for 240 arpents, B. 143o,
for 400 arpents. U. I431, for 16o arpents, B.
147I, for 4oo arpenits, if.: S7o, for 440 ar-
ipetS. ill 2040 arpent'.
l.,it two-'rhe claim, of said suceessiun
againist the United Stales for the unsatisfied
land claims know:.as-C. No 1347, for 233;
arpents in the report tif land board dated:
Ma:y IS95.
I.ot thrce-Attakapa warrant, No. 7r8,
saries of July iSi2, for 5o acres of cypress
s.wanup land oni (Grose T'ete, Bayou Este
phen.
Lot four-'he -l.ain.i of said succession,
i against the United States for the unsatisfiedti
land claims being I ). It; \Vest DItstrict of
l.ouisi.ana N0,. i43i. for 320 arpents, A..
No 1462, for 5o"r arpnti-; and t. 1870, for.
440 arpentls, in all 1320o aripetts.
Termtis Cash.
ISAAC A. R1OUSS.%RI)c.
Sept. 14. Sherilt of Lafayette parish..
Demand of Administration.
State of l.ouisiana, Parish of Tafa.
yettc-x 7th Jtdtaicial Dis.
trict Court.
Vhercns Cleopha- Richard has filed ita
said c,turt it petition to be appointed Ad
ministratoir of the Succession of Charles.
Rich;ard deceased. Amp person intendling~
to lnmake ariy oplpsition to said appointment
will tile tihe Sanie in said court, within tets
days front publication of this notice; other
wi.. , siaid appointnet will be made,
Given under my oikicial seal and signature.
in the town of Lafayette, I., this ad day
September, A . I. o5.
It. IL i.l AIr, Clerk of Court.
Somts--ti.ing F:w* Nothiug.
( if all tile recent cfforts at writing the life
if N-,lt, in ti pothir style, Mliss Tarbell'~s
casily leads, i. point Iltls of merit and in
ticrest. It first appeared serially in .E"
'e-' .1/cazil., and is now published imr
sa hnd ly prirted clottr-bound volume,
with 250 iUnsrationris. T'he book is having
un e,:i-.·nriuis sale itt Sr.oo per -opy. PUB
I:l C O1'INION (Ncw VYwk City) is stually
giving away this tine voksme to new sub
scribers. Write fog trtintfars.
FOR SALE!
Atettntiuan lHome Seekers tnd
nvwestors
A chance of your life time to secur an
ideal hotme and profitable farm. Also thb ,.'.
DEAU.8EJOUR Springs and Park Mitatesi
on the hatnks of the beautifut Uaycu Vetmil
ion. A harge commodiousouswvp t , a
with "WO IIUNDRED JAPTh. -.'
Exccllent land. Soil very be~t cfor calti~t.
tion of Sug.ar cane, cur·ctton, tc.t
ukle from the ITown of Lafayette; half.
ifm.. .aar Refl-y Ainery.