LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1895. NUMBER 17.
| m m ilmmmm m m m m mmm mmmm mm mm mm mm mm n •. ..._  . . mm m .. .m mmm m m lmlmmln • mmmmmn m mmml mmm *mm m* m - m , '
DBALritg IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Llicela Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton ~atlces* Storer
LAFAYETTIE. LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
'188. Repairing of line watches a ape
elalty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARM L CONVEIT
LAFAYETTB, ILA.
The system of educattdn includes the
French and Englis~h ianguages, Muslo
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comt.frt of those placed under tht
Bare of the Sisters. t
Vor terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT adI SUPPLY SHOP. &
eanr lanLk Iulidlnd .
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.,
Lowest prices, consistent with work b
done. All work promptly attended to c
Batisfaction guaranteod. o
H. C. SALLES, i
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street, a]
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. at
E. G. VOORlHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND t
NOTARY PUBLIC, fr
Larayete, La.
It W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law m
and Notary Public -
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON, t
Attorxneys at Lnayw, *
LAFAYETTE, LA. ba
tal
Sidney Veazey, a
LIVERY pe
AND
FEED S ma
Lincoln Avenue, we
Two Blocks From Depot. Id
first-class rigs at reasonable prices. ha
Careful drivers furnished when required ,
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Jan 17. all
get
C. DEBAILLON, do
L A.V YIl. C
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary rat
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas the
and Now Orleans. wo,
LAFA V SETrT, LA. fori
a c
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP. I'M
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. ern
THE "OLD RELIABLE." the
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. coil
ror
X -x V " L ', :P l;·:Eil3 hay
-AND- You
Sale Stable
IL CORSTAITIII, Propritor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. the
DR. J. L. DUHART. br
A practitioner in the State 22 years, Re
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years. calls I me
attention to his new and succssful treat- good
tdent of the respiratory organs. . Medi- awf
Ecal inhalations combined with consti- then
tutional treatment affording a cure l
Consumption, in the first and secoad
period if they follow exactly the treat, been
ment and relief in the third period. Re
Deafness and chronio disesees in ga. like
eral a specialty. eyes
O0 P. GUILBEAU, asal
Notary Publio o
eJustice of the Peace. f
Careful aad prompt attention given to ~
the eollection ot ht Ia ccoants. notes oe
rasft Se le and lPrenase of lands eat
enaded to. 1-19 man
with
C. H. MOUTON, :,
.Ing g
ab' f I: lat , .Bed
"3WHAT YOU DID NOT SAY."
There is many a word that a man may rue,
And the memory of it may make him weep
M faybhap some heart that is kind and true.
Like a red pomegranate, is rent in two,
When out of the soul the passions leap.
And, storming the portals of speech, they rush
Into cruel words that condemn and crush.
But the pang you never may know. I pray,
Is the woe of the word that you did not say.
The word that you ought to have said to him
Who put up his pleading face to ask
For a father's smile; and whose eyes went
dim
" With tears at your answer, stern and grim:
"Caild. lot me alone till I end my task."
Now he vexes no more, yet you often go
To the grave of the lad you slighted so,
And call through the grass in the quiet clay,
And sob out the word that you did not say.
The word thas you ought to have said to her
Whom long ago you did lovingly woo
LA. With gifts and graces; but tears now blur
The might of the bloom of the lavender,
That brings old summers again, and you I
How she lists and longs for the tender tone
Of the daysgone byi When you stand alone.
Your taes in her lilies you then will lay.
And wall out the word that you did not say.
The word that you ought to have said-the
dear
Old pair by the fireside need it so
It is better to speak, more blessed to hear C
Your word of praise, while they both are near.
fow free would your filial affection flow.
If you knew how we. who without them trod
All the way of life, are entreating God, 3
Who took them from us that some time o
they.
Al His heaven. may hear what we did not say.
-Robert Mclntyre, I. D., in Zion's Herald.
ite IN A YEAR. p
,ed. n
CIwras UgsTRn. aged It
Rxm HAWTRORNS, aged 2I
Scene:-A drawing-room; bright fire In the
grate; general air of freshness about the b
room; a quantity of mimosa and Parma
violets about. Miss Lester, in an extrava- o:
gantly simple gray gown. standing on a foot
stool before a mirror, tucking some violets
into her belt
CYrrTnIA-I feel iust exactly like a
slo character in a first piece at the theater, p
It only, unfortunately, there is no gal- h
th lery to play to! (Crosses to a work
table.) It's nearly twelve, and he al- b
ways was exasperatingly punctual, so
he'll be here directly. (Sits.) If any- M
one had told me a year ago that things ea
would actually happen like this, I'd
never have believed it. It's like a page at
out of a novel However, here it is,
and here is Rex's letter. (Takes out a o
letter and reads.) "Mv DEAR CYNTHIA:
To-morrow is the 14th of February, yr
the day'on which our probation ends, m
p and on which we are to be allowed to
* renew an engagement which has never to
rl been broken as far as we are con
L0 cerned. May I call on you at twelve
o'clock?-Yours always, REX HAw- -
Tnox." After a note like that, what in,
choice had I but to say: "Come at once; th
it is a thousand years till I see you
CYNTHIA." And (she listens) he's com- dc
* ing! (Rises and advances as a servant
announces Mr. Hawthorne.) so
Rex (coming forward with out
stretched hands)-Cynthia.
- Cynthia (running to him)-Rex. Re
Rex (hesitating)-llow good of you yo
D to let me come! I
Cyhthia (drawing gradually away me
from him)-Dearest, how could you
think I could do otherwise? ag
Rex (leading her to a seat and sitting six
beside her)-And--nd now we have so ha!
much to say to each other. thi
Cynthia (a little embarrassed)-Yes Ve
C -of course-so much! did
Rex-My poor little Cynthia, I re- sue
member the last time I saw you, how- dn
Cynthia (laughing)-Ilow red my the
eyes were, and how shiny my nose!
Don't remind me of it; it's almost as gol
bad as being shown a photograph C
taken when you were six, and being do
assured of the resemblance! Please Un'
don't think of me as a creature with a yet
perpetual snuffle.
Rex (seriously)-It was nb laughing -D
matter then. off
Cynthia (smiling)-No, it wasn't. We
were desperately in earnest,weren't we? it y
I do believe, Rex, that if that day you tho
had askedme to run away with you, or eve:
if you had proposed that we should re
tire to the back garden and dramatic- bit,
ally shuffle off this mortal coil to thal
gether, honestly, I believe I'd have R'
done it. hat(
Rex (pityingly)-Poor little girll Cyn
Cynthia - But, all the same, I'm wor
rather glad you didn't ask me, you t o
know; because if we had rushed off to got
the nearest registrar's office there Re
would have been an end of Uncle Bob's dbea
fortune, and though, of course, love in
a cottage is very charming, and a Cy
"dinner of herbs" is delightful, still, ter)
the cottage wants to have all the mod- nigh
ern improvements and the herbs need le
the advantages of a good cook to make Cy
them acceptable, and as for the mortal and
coil?-well (glances at herself in a mir- Re
ror opposite), I'm not sure that I Gooc
haven't rather a weakness for it. Cy
tex (looking at her admiringly)- Vio
You're prettier than ever, Cynthia!
Cynthia (pleased)-Am I? Ca
Rex (surveying her eritioally)-l3ut t
you're altered a good deal-and, I
wonder if I dare suggest something? I
believe you'd look more enchanting
still if you'd wear your hair parted in
the middle. HEA
Cynthia (horrified)-My dear boy, I'd on
be a perfect fright! I wouldn't do it
for the world. Where did you get that Pee
idea from? shou:
Rex (meekly)-Ohl I only thought-- askt]
I met a girl at the embassy in Paris a them
good deal this winter, and she looked cann<
awfully nice with it that way; but, cate
then- lady,
Cynthia-Oh, but she couldn't have acqus
been my style! Bost:
Rex (quickly)-Oh, nol She'd a face verw
like a beautiful Madonna, great dark tatioc
eyes and the sweetest (hurriedly)-I tion a
mean--no--that is, of course, she wasn't shopt
at all your style. ing to
Cynchia (looking at him flxedly)-Do herc
you know, Rex, that I almost fancy- on the
Rex (embarrassed)-What do you bill fo
fancy? purch
Cygnthia (gravely)-That I should like found
yeou to grow a beard- seveanl
Rex (relieved)--Oh-but-- it will
Cynthia (enthusiastically)-Yes, a oftha
man looks so much more impressive her i
with a beard; sort of lord-and-master could
air-and-well, there is something fas- prescn
cinating to me in a man with a flow- should
ing golden beard-- to afo
Rex (interrupting)--But, my dear j the d
btld, oousl4.rlag ay oloringa, I don' ta we
*." I quite see how I could oblige you with
a golden beard.
reep Cynthia (blushing as she glances at
e. his mustache)-Oh-no, of course
(hurriedly)-what were we saying?
Srush Oh, yes, that things had changed a
h. good deal since poor Uncle Bob parted
ray. us so cruelly a year ago.
it Rsa. fex-To begin with, poor Uncle Bob
him himself has joined the great majority. I
Cynthia-Yes-and left me absolute
went ly alone in the world, sole mistress of E
Im: his fortune, always provided that I I
kept to his conditions and held no com- s
munication with you until the year he
had fixed for our separation had i
say. y elapsed.
Rex-I rather wonder he didn't make a
her the whole thing conditional on your s
not marrying' me. a
Cynthia (dreamily)--Yes, it is almost t
,u. a wonder! (With an effort.) Well, at
no any rate, now, dear Rex, there will be 6
no need for us to live in a back street b
a. and never able to get out of each oth
!-the er's way for an hour, as poor uncle e
said. We shall be rich enough to do d
exactly as we choose and see as little of p
r each other as we like. d
near. Rex (following out his own thought d
od -That will be delightful, and perhaps o
you haven't heard that that mineof
time my father's which your uncle used to !
make such fun of has begun to yield d,
saF again, so that my position either la not 8
quite what it was, and- g]
Cynthia (quickly)--Then you are not of
poor any more? bi
Rex (shaking his head)-Not any ,i
more than you are. bi
Cynthia-Then-then my money- cr
the Rex (interrupting firmly)-That shall c
the be settled entirely upon yourself. Ih,
Irma Cynthi--lint, then, what's the use
am- of my marrying you?
root- Rex -Cynthial p
Cynthia (embarrassed)-I mean-oh,
co a I don't quite know what I mean. (A te
ter, pause, during which Cynthia examines
gal- her shoe and Rex pulls his mustache.) 7c
rk- Rex (with an effort)-When shall we
al- be married, Cynthia? in
so Cynthia (coming out of her reverie)- -
sarr-? Oh, yes, of course. I don't
ngs care; whenever you like.
I'd Rex-Then it had better be as soon be
age as possible, hadn't it? be
is, Cynthia (absently)-Yes, and get it
it a over.
rA: Rex (taking her hand)-Cynthia, do
Lry, you know that you haven't once told
ids, me you loved me? sul
o Cynthia (awlkwardly)-Oh, but I have ba
ver told you so so often. Ub
on- Rex-Yes, but that was a year ago.
Ive Cynthia (between tears and laughter) we
- -Yes, a year ago, and (suddenly look- tin
tint ing into his eyes) do you know, Rex, tlu
ce; that you haven't kissed me? pie
Rex (leaning forward quickly)--My s
Sdcar Cynthia. rol
ant Cynthia (drawing back)-No-you did i
so often-a year ago- cut
ut- Rex-But- coc
Cynthia (looking at him, frankly)- ici
lex-i sn't it all rather a farce, don't
on you think? An
Rex (uncomfortable)-What do you
Ay mean? F
on Cynthia (quickly)-Well-that a year ice
ago means just three hundred and but
ng sixty-five days. and a lot of things have fret
so happened since then; not only the CUP
things we have talked about-others lid
es We've been about, both of us, and seen or'
different places and people (with a not
re- sudden smile), girls with beautiful pap
dark eyes and their hair parted down will
the middle. fills
sy Rex (sotto voce)-And fascinating ]arj
as golden beards.
3h Cynthia (blushing)-Yes-and-and lays
don't you think that, perhaps, when fine
se Uncle Bob said we were a couple of one
a young fools, he wasn't very far wrong? in tl
Rex (in a carefully controlled voice) and
-Do you mean that you wish to break can
off our engagement? into
7e Cynthia (bravely)-Yes. You thought sick
it your duty to come back to me, and 1 salt,
,u thought it mine to wait for you; but te
*r everything is different, and-and, oh, ice
lRex, can't you see I don't love you a degz
_ bit, any more than you do me, and salt
that I should hate to marry you? the
Rex (staring at her hard)-You'd On
hate-(suddenly seizing lier hands)
Cynthia, you're the best girl in all the T
world- traci
n Cynthia (demurely)--But I haven't wish
u got beautiful dark eyes. Mi
Rex (fervently)-I hope the golden in t
beard will make you as happy as you solve
deserve. of it
a Cynthia-I-(with a burst of laugh- pack
ter) you're going back to Paris to- Wi
night, aren't you? turn
Rlex (smiling)-Yes-and you-? ur
a Cynthia-I'm going to write to him free
and explain! frees
Rex (taking her hand, heartily)- and
SGood-by!
Cynthia (same)--Good luck! nife
Rex (as he exits)-Ah, Violet! My mth
Violet! the l
Cynthia (flying to the writing table ful al
and seizing a sheetof paper)-"My dear can r,
Bertie--" more,
[CURTAL.] e
-London Black and White. ices c
HEAR THE PRICE CORRECTLY. magi
SOne Lady Who Tholaht a Den sh girls
Seven Dollarsr Instead of Beventy. ind
People who select wedding presents doir
should keep their ears open when they bune.
ask the price of an article that pleases
them, for serious blunders occur, which Lig]
cannot be afterward rectified in so deli- will r
cate a matter as the wedding gift. A spring
lady, desiring to send a trifle to a young toilet
acquaintance on her marriage, says the worn
Boston Herald, selected a piece of sil- color
ver which she considered not too osten- glish a
tatious but just right for the obliga- by to
tion she desired to cancel, asked the worn
shopman how much it was, and on be- from 1
ing told seven dollars at once inclosed entert
her card with it and thought no more heavie
on the subject. But a month later a prefer
bill for it was received, when, to this worn
purchaser's horror, the amount was kidor
found to be not seven dollars, but by ma
seventy. Of course it was paid. Yet cause
it will be a long time before the rankle thicke
of that mistake can he taken out of mousql
her mind or bank account. For who meet s
could ever be reconciled to giving a light ti
present costing ten times more than it mousqa
should, no matter how well able one is aumme
to afford it?, And then everybody knows tlike.
the delicato scale on which the cost of fitting,
the weddaa preu9aw im 1ways weighe.4, JiUo
with HOME HINTS AND HLPS.
es at --Cocoanut PuddingI One and one
sourse half pint of milk, half a cupful of milk.
ying? cracker crumbs, half a cupful of sugar,
ged a butter size of a walnut, two eggs and
arted half a cupful of cocoanut. Bake about
one hour.-N. Y. Ledger.
a Bob -Almond Icing: Take three cups
srity. sugar, one pound of almonds, blanched
,lute- and pounded to a paste, and flavor with
res of extract of rose. Beat the whites of
Lat I three eggs and stir with the sugar and
com- almonds.-Farm, Field and Fireside.
ar ho -Egg on Toast: Toast the bread
had until a light brown. Break the eggs,
one at a time, into boiling water and
nake simmer until set, and lay one on each
your slice of toast with a dusting of salt
over it and a small piece of butter in
most the center.-IIome.
I1, at -Baked Eggs: Place a layer of stale
ill be bread crumbs in the bottom of a but
treet tered dish and pour over enough sweet
oth- cream to moisten. Slice hard-boiled
ncle eggs and put a layer with plentiful 1
o do dots of butter and a little salt and pep
le of per. Continue alternate layers till the r
dish is full. Sift crumbs over the top, i
'ght dot with bits of butter and set in the a
hap. oven to bake.-Boston Budget. a
le-o -The corn bread of an old New En- d
id to gland auntie is rather an expensive c
delicacy, but a delicacy nevertheless: a
Snot Sift half a pint of Indian meal with a V
gill of wheat flour, half a teaspoonful ii
Inot of salt and three level teaspoonfuls of p
baking powder; mix with these in- h
any gredients two large tablespoonfuls of fi
butter and a gill of flour beaten to a '
cream, four eggs beaten light and two fi
cupfuls of milk. Bake in a buttered
iron pan.-Country Gentleman. tl
use -Lemon Pudding: Blend two tea- si
spoons of cornstarch in a little cold o1
h, water; pour on this one pint of boiling f
( water, add to this one tablespoon but- st
ne ter, yolks of two eggs well beaten, h,
juice and rind of one lemon, one-half et
wei cup of sugar and a little salt; pour this m
into a pudding dish and place in the Ua
)- oven, while you make the frosting. tc
Take the whites of the two eggs, one- In
half cup sugar. Pour this over the a
pudding in the oven and brown. To ar
D be eaten cold or hot. Use granulated
t it sugar for frosting.-Mrs. Dwight Ilol- fe
land, in Farm and Home. of
do -Cheap Swiss Roll: Take a teacup- ly
old ful of well-dried flour, ditto castor `P
sugar, mix and add one teaspoonful of th
ave baking-powder, and pinch of salt. w
Break into the flour, etc., two eggs; chl
beat well for ten minutes with a be
er) wooden spoon, spread on to a greased co.
ok ti, and bake in a very hot oven from m"
three to five minutes. Turn on to a sun
e, piece of paper covered with castor no
sugar, spread, quickly with jam, and ye:
roll. If this is not baked sharply, it ap
lid will break in rolling. Before serving the
cut off the ends and dust desiccated wa
cocoanut over.-Leed's Mercury. cal
hix
ICE CREAM IN A FEW MINUTES. co
An Armour Pupil Tells Girls What to Do hl
on a Hot, Iloc Afternoon. in
First, you neither need nor wish an
ar ice-cream freezer for this small amount,
ad but improvise one in this way. Take ha
ve from the kitchen any little tin can orbuc
he cup of the size you wish. If it has nobu
. lid improvise one-any little tin dish
en or "patty" pan will do-and should it pu1
a not fit very closely press a sheet ofwa
ul paper between the lid and cup and it
vn will be snug. Now this cup, when she
filled with cream, is to be packed in a fus
ig large vessel-a saucepan, little bucket. staf
or anything you wish-filled with of
id layers of coarse rock salt, not coarse
an fine salt. Three layers of ice to
of one of salt, the top layer to be of this- coil
3 in the absence of ice a mixture of snow col
e) and salt will serve equally well. You tiof
k can break the ice by pressing a hatpin of t
into it as the trained nurse does in the of
sick-room. It should be as fine as the tor
i salt, for the finer your ice is broken tor
ithe sooner the cream will freeze. The
ice in melting gives off heat, and many the
R degrees colder is the melted ice and
a salt than the ice itself. And now for mos
the cream:
One-half cup of cream. thin
) Two level tablespoonfuls sugar. sane
S) Two or three drops of flavoring ex hai
Stract-vanilla, chocolate, etc., as you host
wish.
Mix the cream, augur, and flavoring poue
in the cup; stir until the sugar is dis- wits
Ssolved--thoroughly dissolved, no trace like
of it should be left; put the lid on,
pack around the cup the ice and salt,
to the top, and freeze it. ques
With your finger and thumb keep was
turning the cup from side to side to juml
churn the cream. As the mixture hima
freezes to the .sides of the cup secrape actic
it down with a knife into the center, tor e
and if you like beat it a little with the to a
knife, but the lid must be kept on as
much as possible. Continue this until fesst
the cream is nearly frozen, and be care- cval º
ful about not getting salt into it. You
can replace the ice when it melts with proft
more, unless an eagerness to eat it waitb
overcomes you. Sherbets and water call,
ices can be made quite as easily. An with
ice is made of fruit juice, ice and wa- my p
ter. A sherbet must be beaten white. line
Imagine a party of five or six school My 1
girls together for an afternoon of this man
kind in the coolness of one's own bon- gethe
doir on a hot June dayl-Chi cage Tri- each
bune. etran
New Gloves.., As
Light-colored gloves of glace kid social
will remain in favor throughout the the
spring and summer. With afternoon staid
toilettes must delicate pearl tints are tor, I
worn with stitching of black or self pract
color as one fancies. These are in En- unint
glish style with close wrists fastened an al
by four buttons. White gloves are sional
worn in the eveving on all occasions, at le
from the theater to the most elaborate cultir
entertainment. For morning wear are
heavier kid gloves of yellowish-tan in
preference to the red or cedar browns
worn during the winter. Undressed It
kid or Suede gloves are still preferred for b
by many, especially for summer, be- loved
cause they are cooler than those of the fond c
thicker dressed kid. These come in the R
mousquetaire styles of great length to upset
meet elbow sleeves, and are of very gabal
light tan and pearl-gray shades. ~V White "En
mousquetaire gloves will be worn with ter ti
summer gowns in day and evening Parke:
alike. All gloves are now worn easy man.
fitting, tight gloves being considered you'll
iutinotl7 ba4d sttlo,--arpt' Ba i prove
P3. MEDICAL ETIQUETTE.
l one- ULRi Professlonal Rules D'iewed by
milk. stralt-Laced PaIhyseses.
ugar, "The desire for a strict observance
. and of professional ethics among physi
about clans is sometimes abnormally devel
oped by a consciousness of one's su
periority into practices which are
sched ridiculous and absurd," said a well
with known doctor the other day. "Busi
es of ness is business in the medical as well
rand as the commercial world, but, as there
do. are many little social acts that may
be indulged in even while changing
merchandise into gold, so a physicIan,
eggs, who has his profession close to his I
r and heart, will not disguise the natural
each social instinct of man by exaggerated
salt mannerisms that are intended solely
er in to magnify his own importance in the
eyes of his patient. Professional eti
stale quette is all right, but when it makes t
but- a man appear to be more of a thinking
tweet machine with an automatic dispensing
aied attachment, it is time to revise prac
tiful tice.r
pep- "In my experience I have met with 1
I the ma'y curious examples of distorted
top, ideas of what professional etiquette
the should be, but the most marked case
of any is to be found in a Philadelphia e
En- doctor of high standing. He possesses
sive considerable skill, and this, along with o
less: many mannerisms and affectations, 0
th a with a startling nicety of dress always P
nffl in the latest fashion, has made this -
s of physician the pet of the world of fash- al
in. Ion, who are willing to pay eqorbitant ei
a of fees for indulging in a social fad. U
to a They all like him because he is so dii- t
two ferent. m
Bred "The doctor is a great stickler on p(
the eth ics of medical practice, and con- fa
tea- siders his methods the only proper ti
:old ones for a physician to follow. He re
ling frains when visiting a patient from ce
but- saying anything to any person in the je
ten, house, aside from asking information Pi
half concerning the case in hand, but a tb
this most polite 'good-day' when arriving th
the and leaving. He believes that the doc- pe
ing. tor should be apart from the man, so, cii
ime n a well-defined manner, he conducts $3
the a dual life-Dr Blank as the physician ot
To and Dr. Blank as the social man. 81
.ted "You can imagine how this cool pro- ex
101. fessional manner seems in the homes $-'
of his friends, yet no matter how close- th
up, ly he may be connected when called in on
"or 'professionally' he always maintains ve
Sof this attitude. I know of one case in dr
it. which he was called in by a college loe
'gs; chum to attend his wife. The two had ca
I been the warmest sort of friends in ke
sed college, having roomed together and
om graduated in the same class. But as ro
.a such things go in this world, they had by
tor not seen much of each other of late be
nd years, their business keeping them an
it apart and kind fortune having favored "Ii
ug the man's home with health, so there ehi
bed was no need of a physician. But he thi
called his friend in when he needed tot
him. At the door he met him with a foi
S. cordial greeting aud a hearty hand- the
shake, only to have a cold 'good morn- of
Do ing' and an indifferent grasp of the dri
hand in return. fee
an "The man, thinking the doctor must the
ce have some cause for his apparently red
cool, indifferent manner, said no more, fro
or bus conducted him to his wife's room, mil
no where he answered all the questions ma
it put to him by the physician. As he tha
of was going down stairs he stopped in car
it the library, and taking up a decanter, frei
said: 'Allow me to give you a glass ly t
an sherry, doctor.' This the doctor re- stal
t fused, and proceeded on his way down ton
th stairs, and with a 'good day' went out men
of the door. II
"The gentleman was nonplussed by in a
his strange actions. The friend of his ties
college days, so changed! His medita. at I
'- tions were interrupted by the ringing mul
U of the bell, and upon going to the head parl
inof the stairs he found it was the doc vide
te tor returned. But it was not the doc- wa3
ie tor, it was the man. The returned doc- fifte
n tor did not wait for his friend to come row
'e down and greet him, but rushed up to 1
the stairs and, taking his hand, was taxi
most cordial. This puzzled the gentle- in el
man more than ever, and he began to wou
think his friend had really gone in- taxa
sane. But his college chum dragged gest
him into the library, where, without Neu
x waiting for an invitation from his ever
u host, he took up the decanter and cons
poured out two glasses of wine. Then crea
g selecting an easy chair, he sat down mon
with the remark: 'Well, John, this is adm
e like the good old days gone by.' whic
' "Then the doctor plied all sorts of this
questions to the astonished man, who couli
was so amazed that everything seemed systt
jumbled to him. Finally he recovered in to
himself to ask him the meaning of his be si
actions upon his first visit. The doe- Harl
tor explained how rigidly he adhered
to a line of ethics in medical practice,
and how he never intended that a pro- Read
fessional call was intended to be a so
cial one.
" 'Now,' he went on 'I finished my expel
professional call went outside and uablm
waited awhile, then I made my social the
call, for I was anxious to see and talk prove
with you, John. I never allow any of ship
my patients to say I overstepped the are
line of professionalism even one iota. work
My life as a doctor and my life as a maca
man are two different things alto- rolles
gether, and I keep them apart from on th
each'other, so that they are perfect citya
strangers. It may seem strange, but bette
it is an idea I have.' the
"And he told the truth. The man exper
socially is most brilliant and goes in prove
the most fashionable circles of that the r
staid, aristocratic town, but as a doc- ment
tor, aside from being an excellent firm c
practitioner, he is absoluely dull and the st
uninteresting. This is one example of in ro
an abnorlnal development of profes- ment
sional etiquette, but it pays this man demo
at least, and that is why, perhaps, he ades
cultivates it."-Pittsburgh Dispatch. tainec
walls,
is FPavoritre fi, sened
"It is curious the love of great men onvic
for birds,", began Prosy. "Napoleon When
loved the eagle, Augustus Casar was road
fond of parrots, -nd Honorius, one of crease
the Roman emperors, was dreadfully prevei
upset over the loss of a pet hen. Helio- In thi
gabalus doted on a sparrow, and-" ford t
"Emperor William likes nothing bet- remov
ter than a quail on toast," observed the he
Parker. "You are right, Phosy, old (whicl
man. Even *I am that way, and if rules
you'll order up a canvas-badi.ir gk, g lessen
prove it."---er8per's Ba, t~a
BEr**41
FARM AND GARDEN.
VALUE OF GOOD ROADS.
Reysi- .lrly a question of Farmain as a Lesa
level- or at a Proflt.
's su- There are few subjects more im
are portant to the farmers of this country,
well- and indeed to all men who transport
Busi- their merchandise in wagons, than the
well subject of good roada. The country
there may be said to be just waking up to
may the value of roads over which heavy
burdens may be moved with economie
can. al expenditure of force, but the intelli
his gent movement which began less than 1
Lnral ten years ago is gathering strength
ated and impetus year by year, and it is not
,lely likely to die out so long as a single
ithe first-rate road remains an object lesson
eti- of the gain in money of such construc
tikes ons to those whose business or recren
king tion makes them the users of country t
sing highways.
rai- To the wheelmen a good deal of the
enthusiasm of road reform is to be
with credited. They have worked constant
rted ly and enthusiastically for the enact
eote ment of laws facilitating road-build
iase ing, for the extended use of the bicy- f
his ele is impossible unless the old dirt
s ees road-muddy in wet weather, and full
with of ruts and holes, as wvell as a breeder
ons, of choking dust in dry weather-is re- d
rays placed by the Macadam or Telford way. n
this with its hard, Ivell-crowned surface I
ish- and adequate drainage. Iut the influ
ant ence of the wheelmen and the pleas
tad. ure-drivers is not to be compared with b
dif- that which might be exerted by the h
men whose business requires the trans- rl
on portation of heavy loads from their
on- farms and shops to the railroad ata
per tions or their customers.
re- Col. Francis Vinton Greene has re- et
*om cently delivered an address on the sub
the ject of good roads in the Butterfield si
ion Practical Course at Union collee. In c
it a the course of his remarks he showed
ing that while Massachusetts annually ex- is
ec- pends $66 a mile on roads outside of
so, cities, New Jersey $43 and New York at
eta $30, the average expenditure in the
ian other states is much less. If it is only de
818 a mile, this means a total annual
ro- expenditure throughout the country of ph
aes 820,000,000, and much the larger part of th
se- this vast sum is literally thrown away ne
in on roads that are not only the cause of fi
ins vexation and discomfort to those who
in drive over them, but that entail actual anc
ge loss upon those who are compelled to sic
ad carry their goods over them to the mar
in kets or railway stations. an
ad The enormous drain made by bad to
as roads on our resources was estimated
ad by Col. Greene, and his figures will not
to be doubted by anyone who has paid
nm any attention to the subject. He said:
ad It has been proved, not only by me- on,
ire hanical experiment but by actual test,
he that the same force which draws one S
ed ton on a muddy earth road will draw in
a four tons on a hard Macadam road. On ma
d- the improved roads of New .Jersey loads goc
a- of four to five tons are habitually ed
he drawn by a two-horse team. This ef- ma
fects a saving of fully three-fourths of hot
st the cost of hauling to the station, and in c
ly reduces the cost of road transportation qui
e, from 30 cents to 734 cents per ton per pox
0, mile. What this saving amounts to roo
is may be imagined when it is known wit
me that the New York Central railroad fin(
:n carries nearly 20,000,000 tons of way bin
r, freight -in a year. If this is hauled on- one
is ly two miles by road, to or from the stri
s- station, and a saving of 223 cents per "ea
n ton per mile could be effected, it would wit
t mean a total saving of $3,000,000.-, by
In other words, the question of roads prel
y in many of our agricultural communi- T
is ties is a question of farming at a loss or the
.. at a profit. And there is not a com- beir
g munity or town in the thickly settled that
d parts of the country that cannot pro- prin
vide itself with thoroughly good high- for 1
ways by anticipating its road taxes for the3
fifteen or twenty years. Money bor
e rowed on fifteen or twenty year bonds,
p to be paid off from the annual road
s taxes, would be sufficient for the work
s- in each locality, while the expenditure
a would involve little, if any, increased
taxation. The plan that is here sug
I gested has been tried in towns near
t New York, and it is noticeable that
s every good piece of road that has been
I constructed in these communities in
creases the sentiment in spending
money in this way. A good road is an
admirable object lesson of the fact
which Col. Greene seeks to enforce. In
this state the continuity of good roads
º could be secured through the county
i system. If the proper spirit be aroused
in towns and villages, the problem will cove
be speedily and satisfactorily solved.- fnis]
Harpr's HWeekly. tops.
nishe
EMPLOY THE CONVICTS. sides
to si
Roead Work Removes Them from Compe- borr(
tition with Free Labor. ble
Prof. Emery, of the North Carolina will 1
experiment station, contributes a val- room
uable bit of testimony in support of Ames
the use of convict labor in road im
provement. He writes: "The town
ship roads around this city (Raleigh)
are being put in fine condition by Tm
work-house convicts. Grading and Just
macadamizing, aided by a ten-ton road grow
roller, are beginning to reflect credit So
on the project. The drives around this for t
city are sure to increase the desire for
better roads for other localities among so
the people who have the pleasurable Itore
experience of riding over these im- to
proved ones." Gen. Roy Stone, chief of rot f
the roads inquiry bureau of the depart
ment of agriculture, has reached the M
firm conviction after a wide study of not
the subject that one important factor soud
in road improvement is the employ- time,
ment of convict labor. It has been surely
demonstrated that convicts in stock- IVA
ades at stone quarries can be main- storec
tained at less cost than within prison warm
walls, chiefly on account of the les- tune.
sened item of medical attendance when the w
eonviets are at work in the open air. WE
When it comes to guarding them at chang
road work the cost is somewhat in- its o0
crease, but not to an extent that should the id
prevent the utilization of their labor carry
in this eirection. It is humane to af- end o:
ford them healthful outdoor work; it WVa
removes them from competition with parts
the honest artisan in the labor market one I
(which is eminently demanded by all soften
rules of justice), and it would greatly worke
Ressen the cost of preparation of ma- If the,
terials and the cost of eatrus'0fjIg -., vessel
8r8b' Qc**#* Paran
MAINTAINING SUCOCESSON.
IHow thae season for DLeereat VytIabj
S. mary Be Prolonlsa.
Nowadays nearly every farmer makes
some attempt at a vegetable gardeun,
im- for he recognizes the healthfulness as
S well as the palatability of garden stuff.'
ftry, Unfortunately he is apt to neglect to
sport provide for a succession, so thatafter a
n the great superabundance for a few days.
Intry each supply of vegetables runs out and;,
ep to ends for the season. This is misman
ieavy agement, for with a little care and
eli- thought in planting a little at a time
teli peas, beans, corn, cucumbers, lettuce,.
th beets, tomatoes, etc., might be had
ngth throughout the summer, and the - ga.
Snot den be made to serve five months in
Ingle stead of two.
truon Of course it is not necessary to planti -
true- every vegetable. The tastes of the
crea- family should be consulted. Nor should
atry there be too many varieties. Find out
the the kinds best adapted to your soil and,
climate, and from them select the vas
ban- rieties which will fill your require
at- ments. Remember that while garden
nild- stuff is acceptable at all times, early
y- vegetables are peculiarly desirable,
dirt for at this season the system craves
full and seems to require something
eder in the nature of green food as
a change from the heavy winter
a re- diet. To get early vegetables they
fa must be planted early. If a warm spot
aceu- is selected some peas, beets, lettuce,
Les- onions, parsnips and radishes may be
eas- planted out as soon as the ground mc
th be made suitable. Every farm shoult
have a good bed each of asparagusand
eis- rhubarb. Some mustard and spinach
heir should also be sown for early greens.
&ta lBeans, melons, squashes, cucumbers,
etc., not being so hardy, are not
re- planted until later on. linut a succes
b- sion of all may be maintained if seo
cessive sowings of each are made at in
d tervals of two or three weeks.
Another way of getting a succession
ofis by planting early and late varieties
k at the same time. It matters little
which method is adopted so that the
he desired results are obtained. No other
l work should be allowed to interfere -
of with the preparation of the land. The
of plowing should be done early and
the seeds put into the ground. If it is;
Jay necessary to sacrifice anything, let thg
ho field crops wait. Early vegetables are
nal more necessary for the family than
to early oats for the stock. With provi4
sion made for earliness and continru
ance of green food the farmer will be
in better condition to do his work and
)ad to fight the lassitude commonly termed
eot spring fever.-N. Y. World.
RUSTIC SUMMER HOUSE.
Re- One That Is Qnlte a Pretty reature Im tS
st, IHoam Landscape.
ne Where there is a degree of wildness
aw in the scenery and surroundings to
On make the presence of a rustic house in
ids good taste, such a one as that suggest
Ily ed in the accompanying sketch may be
ef- made quite a pretty feature in the
of home landscape. It is simple enough
nd in construction to be "home made," re
on quiring but a light frame work to sup
er port the roof and sides. The peaked
to roof is made of rough slabs of wood
vn with the bark left on, as one usually
ad finds it at the mill. These slabs com
sy bine boarding and outer covering in
in- one, and thus simplify the work of con
he struction considerably. Under the
or "eaves," short round pieces of wood
Id with their native dress on are set side
by side. These may be half round if
3s preferred.
ii- The corner posts and those forming
rr the doorway speak for themselves, it
n- being only necessary to bear in niind
ad that the nearer they remain in their
o- primitive state of rusticity the better
a- for the artistic effect of the little house
Pr they support. Around the sides bark
r
A RUSTIC SUiMMIER HOUSE.
covered posts are set close together,
_ finished with cross pieces along their
tops. The summer house may be fur
nished with stationary seats about the
sides within, or left as a room in which
to sit in comfortable rocking-chairs
borrowed from the house. A small ta
ble or two will be found useful. It
will be found a very acceptable dining*
room, too, on warm afternoons.
American Gardening.
HORTICULTURAL NOTES.
Tax best time to plant evergreens is
just before the starting of the new
growth.
Sosn think that poor land will do
for tomatoes. The tomato will re
spond profitably on good land.
Is IT not foolish to grow apples and
store them and then lot half of them
rot for want of care? The loss of ap
plea from neglect is very large.
Much fruit is lost because there is
not suffilcient care to put nothing bat
sound fruit in the cellar. A stltch in
time, in such matters, saves nine
surely.
VArca the cellar in which fruit is
stored that it may not become to
warm. Fruit requires a low tempera
ture. Cool off the cellar by opening
the windows.
WE observe that some of our 4 _
changes, though not denying thmer
its of sunflower a ulture, pooh-pe
the idea. It is the old disposait ib-o
carry the grain with a stosne aj'
end of the bag for balance. : .. ,
Vasa grafting, mir -- ei " -"
parts resin, two parts bes'wax
one part beef tallow. It mwas'
softened when used, but need
worked with hand; apply lth,
If the winds-chill it too
vessel, place ,a gp g
Perseer's Yt*