r by ewoo s After
`. ill as k Pel..
Twenty-nlve years ago I had a bilious fever,
madlater it turned into typhoid fever, and for
Av weeks 1 lay like one dead, but at last I
psl4ad through and got up around. I soon dis.
covered on my left leg Just above the knee a
Smanl brown spot about as big as a three cent
piee I did not pay any attention to it until
two years after, when it oommenoed to spread
and have the appearance of a ring worm. It
it hed and burned and I commenced doctoring,
Hood'sb Cures
but to no avail Last February I tried an herb
for the blood and it broke out in the worst form
ot a rashall over my body. Finally my hun.
" sadboughta bottle of Hood's Sarsaparillaand
I hatnottaken more than halt of it before I be
- Si to feel better. I have had four bottles,
SN.. ow . Am All Well.
I can now sleep and eat well and work all the
time." MRS. Palc$a L. A~tal, Galva, Kansas.
Hood's Pills act easily, yet promptly and
smciently, on the liver and bowels. osac.
Positively you
have the genuine
De Long PATENT HOOK
AND EYE if you see on the
face and back of every card
the words:
See that
hump?
Richardson
& De Long Bros.,
Philadelphia.
- 'I
r.
,/ •
If you nearest, best and most esteemed
.sighbors. had written the following letters
they could be no more worthy of your con
fidence than they now are coming, as they
do, from well known, intelligent and trust
worthy citizens who, in their several neigh
borhoods, enjoy the fullest confidence and
respect of all
Mrs. F. L. Inman, of Manton WVexford
Co., Mich., whose portrait heads this article,
writes as follows: "I began taking Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription about a year
ago. For years I have suffered with falling
and ulceration of the womb, but to-day,
am enjoying perfect health.
I took four bottles of the ' Prescription'
and two of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery. Every lady suffering from female
weakness should try the ' Prescription' and
" Golden Medical Discovery.'"
Miss Mary J. Tanner North Lawrence,
St. Lawrence Co., N. Y., writes: "1I was
sick for four years. For two years I could
do no work. I had five different physicians,
who pronounced my case a poor or impov
erished condition of the blood and uterine
trouble. I suffered a great deal with pain in
both aides, and much tenderness on pressing
over me womb. I bloated at times in my
bowels and limbs; was troubled with leu
corrhea. I could not sleep, and was troub
ledwith palpitation of the heart. Suffered
a great del of pain in my head, temples,
forehead and eyes. I had a troublesome
cough, raised a great deal and at times ex
perisoa a goou. deal of pain in.my chest
ad lungs. ay voice at timeswasver y wheak
I suffered excruciating monthly periodical
 8 Since taking seven bottles of Dr.
be'sFavorlte Prescription some tinis ago,
I a ve enjoyed better health than I have for
- more than four years previously; in fact,
for several moaths past I have been able to
work at sewing. I have gained in weight
thirty-nine pounds since taking your medi
cines: the soreness and pain have disap
peare." Yours truly,
Young Wivess.
WHO ARE FOR THE FIRST TIME TO UNDERGO
WOMAN'S SEVEREST TRIAL, WE OFFER
.. " Iothers' Friend"
A remedy which, if used as directed a few weeks before con
.m nement, robs it of its Pain, Horror and Risk to Life of both
:aother and child, as thousands who have used it testify.
"I sed two bottles of 'MorMas' FuEckD' with arvaR LOUS RaSUss,
and wlah every woman who has to pass through the ordeal of child-birth
S mtknow if they use "MHormans' Fazxmn' for a few weeks it will rob con
hemenet of jtZn and s.uferi g and ussura 4fty to life of soter and
Olu-Mass. SAM HA.LTON, Eureka Springs, Ark.
Book to Mothers mailed free containing voluntary testimonials.
Si.t W uscbshsauwm. on te ata re t ,f ce...'or bottle.
- t U B M I3WSR KUEJWLLTOX LO&, ALA vA. , GA.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
One element of diffisltv in bringing
Sp.nish-Americea offenders againsl
the laws to justiee in our territories
derived from Mexico is the ties of race
and kinship. An atrocious criminal of
Mexican blood may be protected
through years of a lawless career by
relatives and family friends who thebn
selves are eminently respectable and,
except where the safety of friends or
kindred are concerned, law-abiding.
This protection is continued after the
criminal has been brought into the
courts, in the way of the bribing and
the packing of juries and in the
providing of avenues- of escape from
prison. Thus -for years the mur
derer and outlaw Porfirlo Trujillo
has gone at large, or, when appre
hended, has found it easy to escape the
penaltl bf his crimes. Bis present
headqrters are in the Manzano
mountains, east of Albuquerque, in
eastern Bernalilo and Valencia coun
ties, where, with a price on his head,
he perpetrates his depredations and
outrages with a high and defiant hand.
One form of plundering with Trujillo
and his gang is to go into a flock of
sheep and drive off hundreds at a
time, or to .run off cattle from the
plains ranges, kill tem, and sell the
meat to inhabitantrof the mountain
towns. They do not hesitate at mtur
der, either for booty or revenge.-N. Y
Sun.
-It may not be generally known,
but it is a f Let, nevertheless, that, on
an an island off the Mosquito coast,
Nicaragua, Central American, there is
a species of ape very closely resem
bling the African gorilla, both in size
and in its sunny disposition. How it
come there is only a matter of con
jecture-for it departs unduly from the
characteristics of the American mon
key tribe.-Goldthwaite's Geographical
Magazine.
-As a rule the potatoes grown far
north are best for seed. The reason is
that they have presumably grown in a
shorter season, are less advanced to
ward drying out when harvested, and
in a cooler climate will, not start to
grow in winter, thus injuring the eyes,
from which next year's growth must
come.
-For several years past Baron de
Hirsh has given the gross winnings of
his race horses to London hospitals.
This year he has not only followed his
precedent,but has doubled the amount.
his horses won for him last season
£7,500, and he has handed over to the
hospitals £15,000.-N. Y. Sun.
Mrs. Alex. Robertson, of Half Rock, Mer
cer Co. Mo., writes : " For twenty years, I
suffered with womb disease and most of the
time I was in constant pain which rendered
life a great burden, I cannot express what
I suffered. I had eight doctors and all the
medicine I had from them failed-the one
after the other.
I was nervous, cold hands and feet, palpita
tion headache, backache, constipation, leu
corr a and no appetite, with bearing-down
pains. got so weak I could not walk
around. I had to keep my bed, thinking I
would never get any better.
One day my husband got one of your little
books and read it to me. He said there was
nothing doing me any good. I said I would
try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prlescription. I did
try it. After the first few weeks my appe
tite was better ; I was able to sit up in bed.
I wrote to the WVorld's Dispensary Medical
Association, at Buffalo, N. 1. and described
my case; they sent me a book on woman's
diseases. I read carefully and followed the
directions as near as I could and took the
medicine for two years. With the blessing
of God and your medicines, 1 am entirely
cured. That was three years ago."
Yours truly,
"Favorite Prescription" is a positive cure
for the most complicated and obstinate cases
of leucorrhea, excessive flowing, painful men
struation, unnatural suppressions, and irreg
ularities, prolapsus or falling of the womb,
weak back, "female weakness," anteversion,
retroversion, bearing-down sensations, chron
ic congestion, inflammationand ulceration of
the womb, inflammat'.n, pain and tenderness
in ovaries, accompanied with "internal heat."
The Book (16 pages, Illustrated) referred to
above, is sent scaled secure from obsernation
in plain, envelo me for ten cents in stamps, to
pay postage. tVite for it. The Book points
out the means of successful Home Treatment
for all the peculiar weaknesses and distressing
diseases incident to women. Address WVorld's
Dispensary Medical Association, Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.
BUILDING -AD SCIENCR
LIFE IN INTENSE COLD.
Observatlon on a aDbg Roes a ends a
Glass cOse-CVrealatie samnd e sprstloe
Increase aapldty as the Teioprseaune 1s
Lowered - l. PIetet's Brytem of Cald
Treatment.
What is the influence exerted on life
by an extraordinarily low temperature?
This is the remarkably interesting
question that has recently been de
termined by- a famous scientist in
Fraece, Raonl Pictet. His first exper
iments, which made him more or less
celebrated, were in. liquefying per
manent gases, such as hydrogen, oxy
gen and nitrogen, which he did by pro
ducing a temperature from 100 to 200
degrees below zero.
In choosing--his specimens of life for
testing the effects of excessive cold the
professor chose birds, mammals, ba
trachians, ophidians, insects, infusoria
and microbes. He studied these first
in the normal functions, their nour
ishment, respiration and muscular ac
tion, and then he plunged these speci
mens into an air bath which was sur
rounded by an envelope of glass with
a sufficient space between to introduce
volatile liquids, carbolic .acid, etc.,
that could be varied in temperature
from 10 to 200 degrees. Through the
glass of the two receptacles containing
the living creature the scientist was
able to study the conditions and fre
quency of respiration, the pulsation of
the heart, the comparative temperature
of the body and the modification of
sensibility.
The most interesting of all the ex
periments was upon a dog. which was
placed in a large, glass vessel and put
in the outer envelope, which at once
A DOG IN A FREEZING BATH.
imparted a temperature to the air in
which the dog rested of 71 degrees be
low zero. The first ilidication the
animal gave of any discomfort was an
increased rapidity of respiration, and
the temperature was gradually de
creased for twenty-five minutes, when
the dog seemed .o have become ac
customed to the conditions, and ate
with avidity a piece of bread that had
been put in with him. It was noticed
that he refused to eat this same bread
before being placed in the bath.
After an hour and ten minutes the
circulation of the animal's blood, and
consequently the pulsation of the
heart, became very rapid. The
temperature was now rapidly reduced
without apparently any special dis
comfort and without any particular
change. excepting that the legs be
came frozen, but appeared to give no
discomfort. At the instant the tem.
perature reached 98 the dog died as
though he had been shot-instantane
ously.
The deduction from this experiment
would seem to be that animal life can
stand a much more intense degree of
cold than has been generally believed
heretofore.
The experiments made with fish
were productive of most surprising re
suits. both in the variation of severity
in temperature which the different
forms of fish can live under, and also
in the assurance it gives of the pos
session by some fishes of a warm blood
which has not been generally accepted
heretofore, and also of the marvelous
power of resistance possessed by other
creatures. A teach, which is a fish of
the carp family and has been generally
considered as being the most tenacious
of life of any of the finny tribe, died in
a temperature of 57 degrees below
zero. Frogs bore the temperature of
83 degrees below with their customary
placidity, but at 853 degrees they all
died. An ordinary snake taken from
the fields resisted death up to 94)6 de
grees, when it succumbed. t'
A centipede was active and full of
fight at 122 degreec but at 194 degrees
it likewise died. A snail lived until
the temperature reached 210 degrees.
Birds' eggs were killed at 2 degrees
below and ants' eggs were killed at 6
degrees.
It was found impossible to kill by
any temperature that could be reached
the microbes with which M. Pictet
experimented, but, on the other hand,
the virus known as ptomaines -those
terrible poisons formed under the in
fluence of the nervous system and
which were first brought to the atten
tion of the New York public by Law
yer O'Sullivan in the famous lBuchanan
trial-are rendered harmless when sub
jected to a temperature of 50 degrees
below zero:
The scientist declares that, as a re
suit of his investigation he feels con
fident that many diseases which are
now considered almost incurable by
suffering humanity can be relieved, if
not perfectly done away with, by this
system of cold treatment, and among
these are neuralgia, sciatica and dys
pepsia, the ptomaines of which, he
claims, can be killed by baths of cold
stir. The physicians of France have
become interested in the subject, and
it is proposed to test the hygienic
ralue of Mf. Pictet's discovery on 'h
man beings.
oaicaadln House Item.
Visiting Friend-So you married a
total stranger from Boston. I always
expected you would marry your star
boarder. He is such a nice, quiet gen
tieman.
Mrs. llashly-That's the reason I
didn't marry him. I don't want to lose
that kind of a boarder. They are too
scarce.-Alex Sweet, in Texas Siftings.
His Idea of a Pily.
Theodore-How did you like the
play last night, Dolly?
Adolphus--Oh, an awfully jolly play.
Five acts and long waits. Smoked a
whole box of cigarettes between acts.
Don't know when I have so enjoyed
myself. Best play I've seen for a long
43nq,-oste T"rsnmorpt.
comrse AUte far Nereis Water out
Ssetlassash Artesiss Wells.
When the natural pressure in an ar
tesian well either grows insulcient or
never hail been suiolient to cause the
water to flow of its own ao
cord. some aFtifioial means of
securing a discharge is, of. ouarse,
necessary. Suction, probably, would
be first thought of for that pur
pose; but anohier method of accopin
plishing the same object has been in
vented and patented lately. This is
to force the water up with an air
blast.
A slender pipe is let down in the
center of the well tube far enough 'to
be submerged to a reasonable distance,
and isprovided at the end with an ejec
tor and a guide which keeps it .equi
distant from the walls of the well. A
current from an air compressor Is sent -
down through this inner pipe, and by 1
a proper regulation of the kerosene, a
steady and ample supply of water can
be obtained at the top. The two fluids
are separated there by a special
mechanism; and it any goes back into
the well from the earth, it escapes
with the air. All gases are cooled by
expansion: and therefore the air,
when liberated down in the well,
tends to reduce the temperature of the
water; and if the liquid be drawn for
drinking purposes this will render it I
more potable in summer. Claims are
put forward that this system is more
economical and yields more freely than I
pumping.-N. Y. Tribune.
TRICK AT BILLIARDS.
Pertnrmed by arllan Recourne to a SaIfa6t
Subterfuge.
An apparently simple trick, which.
however, baffles imitation without in
struction. may be performed at an ordi
nary billiard table in the following
manner: Place a ball at a little dis
tance from the cushion and offer to
drive it across the table by simply rest
ing the palm of the hand on the cloth
and pressing the first finger forcibly
down on the ball. The right position
of the hand is shown in the illustra
HOW IT Is DONE.
tion. The ball will obey the impulse
thus communicated to it and roll in
the opposite direction. Ask anyone
present to do the same thing. To the
astonishment of as many as attempt
the experiment it will be found impos
sible to put the ball in motion, no mat
ter how hard it is pressed by the
finger.
The seci-et is that, unperceived by
the others, you have recourse to a
slight subterfuge. You simply moisten
your finger with saliva, a precaution
which enables you without effort to
drive the ball across the table.
The phenomenon is easily explained.
When the finger is dry it does not slide
over the ball as it appears to do. It is
the ball which slides and turns under
the finger: The rotary movement thus
produced is in the opposite direction
from the one the ball should take to roll
forward, and consequently defeats the
intention of the one who is driving it.
On the contrary, if the finger be moist
ened, it slides over the ball, the latter
then being impelled forward to a great
er or less distance, according to the
force expended by the finger.
This trick is not confined to the bil
liard room. It may be successfully per
formed on an ordinary table with a
wooden or even a rubber ball.
A Nest-Buildian Fislh.
One of the queerest denizens of the
deep, and one which could very proper
ly be called an ichthyological wonder,
is the gouramis, the famous nest-build
ing fish of the Oriental seas. These
fish are very plentiful in the waters of
Cochin China, Java, Sumatra and
Borneo. At the breeding they pair off
like birds and, selecting a favorable
spot in shallow water among aquatic
plants and grasses. build large spher
ical nests of floating weeds and plaster
them over with mud. The broad, flat
fins uned in this last operation are at
tached to the abdomen and are
wholly different from anything in the
fin line known to naturalists. The
full-grown female gouramis is 6 feet
long and weighs 110 poudds. The eggs
of this queer fish, which are deposited
in the mud-plastered nest, number
from 800 to 1,000.
Yarn Made from Paper.
Paper yarn is now beiqg substituted
for other cheap stock in carpets, and is
said to be superior to shoddy and
mungo, both in cost and strength. Of
course the paper is used only in the
body and on the under side of the tex
ture, and not on the upper surface. It
is said that 55 per cent. of a carpet
may be made of paper witheat a cus
tomer suspecting it.
A Proplhecy.
'"There," said Dawson, putting out
his feet-"there is a pair of thoes for
which I paid only two dollars and fifty
cents. Rather nobby for the price,
eh?"
"Yest and the older they get the
knobbier they will be," said Harkins.
--Farper's Bazar.
Theb Surest lgan.
Polly-Am I beginning to look old?
Bessie-Of course not. Why?
Polly-Ilecauso my friends are be
ginning t6 say: "You are really Iolk
ing younger eera daJy."-BrQ0o]ls
14*.,
All other powders are
cheaper made and in
ferior, and leave either
acid or alkali in the food
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., '6 WALL ST. NEW-YORK.
CALLtR-"Are you fond of etchings? They
--" Mrs.Nurioh-"Well, you see, I have a
new cook and I don't suppose she knows a
thing about ooking them."
THE dollar you throw away when you are
young will be worth three dollars when you
are old and need it most.
TRERE is more Catarrh in this section of
the country than all other diseases put to
gether, and until thelast few years was sup
posed to be incurable. For a great many
years doctors pronounced it.a local disease,
and prescribed local remedies, and by con
stantly failing to crre with local treatment,
pronounced itincurable. Sdlencehas proven
catarrh to be a constitutional disease and
therefore requires constitutional treatment.
Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, sthe only con
stitutional cure on the market. It is taken
internally in doses from 10 drops to a tea
spoonful. It acts directly on the blood and
mvcous surfaces of the system. They offer
one hundred dollars for any case it fails to
eure. Send ior circulars and testimonials.
Address, F. J. CxaExa & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold boay Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills, a cer.ts,
IT is cruel to dock horses, but they never
complain; the victim Is no tail-bearer.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
iun the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
Fresh Air and Exercise.
Getallthat's
possible of
both, if in
need of flesh _
streng'th
and nerve
force. There's need,too, of plenty
of fat-food.
Scott's Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil builds up flesh
and strength quicker than any
other preparation known to sd
ence.
Scott's Emulsion is constantly ef
fecting Cure of Consumption,
Bronchitis and kindred diseases
w'here other methods FAIL.
Prepared by Boott & Bows.N. Y. All drattists.
"To Remove Paint.
"Sit down on it before it is dry."-(Texas Siftings.)
. That's a good way-easy, too. And another
way is to do your cleaning in the old
fashioned way with soap; the necessary rub
bing takes off the paint along with the dirt,
but this is very tiresome work.
You ought to do your house-cleaning with
Pearline; that's the modern
way-easiest and -most eco
- nomical way-takes away the
dirt easily and leaves the paint.
Saves rubbing, saves work,
saves time, saves whatever is
cleaned. Use Pearline (with
out soap) on anything that water doesn't hurt. 'as
O1011119me o Qi S
JoNxrIE-"'Mamma I heard the preacher
say to-day that matches were made in
Heaven. Is it so?" Mamma-"Of course.
Why not?" Johnnie-"Wcll, I don't see any
use for matches. There's no night thero.'
False Guldes
Are they who recommend the use of mercury
to the bilious, and gullible indeed are those
who follow such advice. Blue pill and calo
mel-poison the system. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters is a safe substitute for such danger
ous drugs. They arouse the liver when in
activemosteffoctually and promote, not im
peril, general health.. onstipation, malaria,
dyspcpsia, rheumatism yield to the Bitters.
Tin Public Awards th Palm to Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tur for coughs.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
AN Irish lawyer said to a witness : "You're
a nice fellow, ain't you'" 1Vitness replied:
"I am, six, and if 1 was not on my oath I'd
say the same of you."-Oakland Enquirer.
"BuIow's BnOxcuilAL TItOCIES" are wide
ly known as an admirable remedy for
Hoarseaess, Coughs and Throat troubles.
EvEnR singer in a quartette can tell you
three good reasons why the organization
isn't absolutely pcrfect.-Elmira Gazette.
Goon fruit does not make the tree, but a
good tree makes good fruit.-Ram's Horn.
Ely's Cream Balm
QUICILY CURES
COLD IN HEAD
Price ,ents.
• • Ia-mnlt elnln or l the
IEFRIGERATORS ":?-?- ::":r =
Ri fres ht. GRAND RAPIDS ItrErIsGERAeaOR
F., i Ottaa Street, Graond 3931Pldad Milch.
dJJJsrmaneutly cured. No knitre.
OAN EREiB. L GritS Fort lPayne.J is.
wsss T I 3rrr Fuur m 55o. No p .lr .
f .
ELAIRETTE S5AP
BIET PURST AND MO05T ECONOMICAL.
SOLD EVERYWHERE
 THE N.KFAIRBANK GOMPAIY'. s.Lous.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
APlUM WHISKY and TOBACC000
HABITS CURED AT HOME
In,m,,*. 14otoaice, 7 OPdAprfect Sa ReM--M~cdPtI I TENNE.. $0.O0
of partIculars sent free 01 cost. Correspondence Strietly 1:on- WHISKY REMEDY... 9.00
ldleutli. Plainaevelopesused. Foorterms, etc.address Lock TOBACCO BEMEDY.. 8.00
Box 0 Office, 475 POPLAR STREET, MEMPHIS, TENN.I,
W. AaKER to t, Mr.Mq a
llt l P'h orld. Name 8mo
1 4 8
equn custom worak ea.t s
awasesaeae
u ate.oa ts- . J .ssnw rs oI
Iu ne cWomplete ca fas
E l-ne for G Ilsda ý sd to
Is guaranteeds , to ure
in tverly ase. a
o s o anapd ni sb t the bot veroo?
asnd . Am ate. TM cowake a d
h rma on e *aes. forrs.
]P]sl[et, C .O0e a
i. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
NEEDLES ll
SKUTTLES1,e i t'Lý»;.
ClEPAIR& ý t :
o aa rem Mseas.l 216 me. nmab,
E EMMETT'*
LDAXEED, Miss., Feb. ag i6go.
long as I own an unimal subject to the above
Kenwv 4r10Easin Name
'ýýOed
o $ en
i s e,ý C 3 / d
Ci .S
bow
. L°'s
.. _ A d ý "ma
$8K9J
N. K.,c. orc.er 1 .lbs"
clincher Fittead lsha (s. s.J
pnns eu satc tire, Weas C te
equal toafy bicycle buille re ryodlees of price. Cats.
free. Agents warnted in everyT town
niian Bicycle Co., No.10Z St., Inlaiapous, ad.
9 N. K., F. 149O.
WNmIr WmnNa To ADVB6tTISEIts PLESSU
seats t tb weet se t~-he AkvsrUs lin till
M>wi