S.VLU E L AYETTEAT UZEE
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1894. NUMBER 29.
-OW I LOVE HER.
Now 1 love her none may ay
Likwhat sweet and varied way
Loving her this way and that;
For a ribbon on her hat
For her soft check's crimson dyes
For a trick of her blue eyes I
Row I love her none may say,
.Yet I love her all the day!
now I love her none may know;
Who can say why roses grow?
How, where'er it breathes and blows,
Still the rough wind loves tll rose?
For her lips, so honey sweet,
For the fatelling of her feet
Who shall all my love declare?
Yet I love her all the yearl
"ow I love her none may say;
In the winter, in the MSey
In all seasons, dark or bright,
Ljove by day and love by night!
For her glance, her smile; the mere
I'resence of her there and here
It my sighing, in my song.
Still I love her all life long
-F. L. Stanton, in Atlanta Constitutleo.
'I'HE NEW YORK ALPS.
A. 1oew Jersey Man's View of the
City in 1920.
It i as a sultry morning in August,
1120; having an idle day in New York,
I had inveigled a friend into showing
tme its marvelous sights.
"*-'lope you've brought an overcoat,"
he said, to my amazement, as we
started out. "You will need it," he
added, moping his forehead. As he
spoke we turned into a narrow street
running north and south. Here a
breeze struck our faces as cool as if it
blew from the ferny depths of a can
yon. The light was twilight, and
looking up I saw that we were walled
in by gigantic buildings. Far above,
between their black sides, ran a silver
ribbon of sky.
"We are now entering the range of
the New York Alps," he exclaimed.
"IBut what is the reason for this sud
den change in the weather?" 1 asked,
fearing to contract pneumonia before
I could button my coat.
"Why, the sun rises at eleven and
sets at two in this street. It is called
Crevasse alley. This building on the
right is Jungfrau, the other Jugger
naut. Both are snow-capped." lie
then began to stare so hard at Jung
frau that I thought he must be trying
to discover a mortgage on it, but one
glance at his face assured me that I
was wrong. HIe was weeping. "That
is my o,ld homestead," he sighed.
I looked at him amazed. "What a
perfectly enormous family there must
have been!"
"Only three children," he replied,
puzzled at my surprise. "Oh, I see,"
he laughed; "you thought we occupied
the whlole building. No, indeed; there
were forty-five other families under
the same roof. 9Iy homestead is the
two extreme northeast windows of the
tenth floor. See, one of them has a
jar of milk on it." Then followed an
eloquent silence which I dared not
break. "I tell you, Tom," he at length
continued. "it stirs all the poetry in
my being to see my old home again.
What fond memories cling to that win
dowvl"
I found myself instinctively looking
up for the memories. Just then a ped
dler accosted us.
"Looking for your old homestead?'"
he asked. "Hire one of my fine tele
scopes."
My companion drew himself up stiff
ly. "My family were first settlers, and
our windows can be seen with the
naked eye. You see, my father," he
continued to me, "owned a very valua
ble layer of air three hundred and
fifty feet above the building. I was
not old enough then to advise him, so
he sold out. But it was a mistake.
New York air is getting more valuable
every day."
I thought it a kindness to check
unhappy reminiscences, so I said:
"But how can the memory of such a
cooped-up life be grateful? What fun,
for instance, can a boy have in such a
lace?"
"Oh, it was possible in those days to
reach tie sidewalk during the course
of a morning, and there we played
like rowdies. To be sure. we were
cramped in many ways. WVe were like
the elephant in the conundrum-we
couldn't climb a tree; then the rules of
the flat admitted no domestic animals
-neither dogs, chickens nor horses."
"That was hard."
"Yes; still I love the old spot."
As we talked we threaded our way
through Ravine street and Gulley way,
always in the cool shadow of buildings
whose tops were lost in the clouds. I
was thinking the while of the sweet,
idle fields of my New Jersey farm, and
I asked: "Is there not ground enough,
that people should take to building
castles in the air?"
"Is it possible, men, that you do not
understand the wonderful advantage
of those buildings?"
"Frankly, no; and, moreover, I've
been racking my brain to discover why
they are painted in stripes."
'T~he parklar building before you
is called the Refrigerator," he ex
plained. "And those stripes are the
isothermal lines representing its sum
mer climate-red being torrid; green,
temperate; white, approaching arctic.
Well, I'd no idea you knew so little of
the world; you must have been living
in New Jersey." Then. seeing my
confusion, he'said: "In that case you
need a change of air. Let us ascend
the lefrigerator. It only takes a day
and a halt."
"A day and . habfZ" I gasped. "And
you asleep in the elevator?"
"Why, yei. There are Pullnan
sleepers attached But don't say ele
wators, min; "tliht's old American.
They're omaled translators now. Come,
it's sweltIag here, ind once there
we'll hav.-peaches for tea and tobog
gan alijdes after. I know some de
lightfk poe, tooe-the arst families
of the fIgator, who claim to have
come up iY;theSlrst translator."
The plaft-al;uring,- I agreed, and
in an ho4uqr.fii e on board the tres
,ator, spaeeit-s-..
T4 Swat std6tesioua wore hot, noisy
5)3s~AM, pqW~sa~- aoM~1$u
the afternoon, when we struck Oetobe
weasher, and as we neared a station
the conductor called out: "Thirty
minutes for shopping."
Upon my looking puzzled my friend
said: 'We'll need to stop and buy
warmer clothing." I wasbeginning to
lose the power of being surprised, so I
made no exclamation when we alighted
upon an indoors street lined with
stores. The inhabitants were brisk,
and there was a general air of gayety
and a great display of fashion.
"We've now entered the green
isotherm," said my friend; "the sum
mer resorts of the 'upper ten.' In fact,
the social scale runs up and down this
building like a thermometer, add one
often hears the elite described as a
seventy-degree family."
"At least at one end of the scale
they live on 0," I added.
"The next region is a queer con
trast," he continued, as the translator
again sped upwards. "The apartments
are inexpensive, for clouds hang con
tinually about the windows. The com
munity is composed almost entirely of
poets and artists, for they love to live
in the clouds, you know."
I was much disappointed to see that,
as our route lay through a dark shaft,
we could see nothing of the scenery.
The room was artificially lighted, and
I only felt with horror that we were
still flying upward.
"Aren't we almost up to heaven?" I
asked, finally.
"No," lauged my friend. "'But this
is our last stop. We are now on the
roof of the Arctic flats," he explained
as we alighted. "This is mild winter
climate."
I observed many bazars where furs,
skates and blankets were for sale, and
Christmas trees were standing every
where. There had been a light fall of
snow, and children were coasting mer
rily down a slanting roof; there were
even a few sleighs. I noticed shadows
shifting over us continually, and look
ing up I saw air-ships flying in every
direction.
"You will be surprised to hear," said
my friend, "that many never leave
these regions during their lifetime,
which accounts for the fair northern
type of the inhabitants. I have an
aunt living here whom I've never seen.
She was naturally frigid and pre
ferred living in these flats. We call
her Aunt Arctic, and often talk of fit
ting out an expedition to discover
her."
"Had you any idea," I interrupted,
"that it was half-past ten o'clock. It's
perfectly light!"
"Oh, that's because we're so near the
stars. You'll find out that all the as
tronomers live here. They tell us that
there are indications that liars is leav
ing her orbit to avoid the smoke from
the chimneys of our high buildings."
"I don't doubt it. I should think on
a soft summer evening one might even
hear the music of the spheres here."
"You may laugh," he rejoined, "but
queer things have happened. It's an
actual fact that after the World
building was completed one of Jupi
ter's moons deserted him and took to
revolving around its dome. Astrono
mers were wild with excitement. But
one night it disappeared, having dis
covered, I suppose, that the WVorld was
not exactly a heavenly body."
Just then we were attracted by a
great crowd under a lightning-rod.
"Why, you see," explained a man,
"we had a friget last night; a star got
stuck on our lightning-rod."
"You don't mean it?"
"A fact, sir. After an hour of agony
on our part, during which we played
the hose on it, it wiggled itself clear
and rolled off."
"flow strange it all is!" I murmured
as we walked on. "In my geography
days I used to consider the Rocky
mountains high, but after seeing the
New York buildings I shall never
again presume to think so. I under
stand now a sentence in my daughter's
lesson which puzzled us both. It said
'The New York glacier rises in the
New York Alps, takes a downward
course, and empties into the WVest side
sewer.' "
"Oh, yes; that starts in the north
gutter of the Iceberg flats."
As it was getting late we descended
to the summer resorts, where we had
decided to remain a time in preference
to the Arctic region; for, as my friend
said, "Living was too high up there."
-Caro Lloyd, in Leslie's Weekly.
The Doctor's Stash Promise,
This is a true tale, and it points a
moral. A physician of this city had
treated a certain gentleman and was
asked the question: "IHow much do I
owe you?"
"Three dollars," said the physician.
But when the patient drew forth a
ten dollar gold piece the healer looked
ehapfallen, and asked, anxiously:
"Have you no change?"
"No," was the answer. "Only this
anttwo nickels."
"Then give me the two nickels," said
the physician, "for if I take the gold I
shall be seven dollars out."
The unhappy man had rashlyprom
ised his wife that all the gold taken in
by him in the discharge of his calling
should be his wife's perquisite.-Lou
isville Courier-Journal.
A Genuine Hero.
A party of young men were telling
what they would do were they wrecked
far out to sea, and left buffeting the
waves without a plank to assist them.
Each one gave his opinion except
Paddy Murphy, who after being asked
for his, replied:
"Bedad, ye cowardly set of spal
peens, ye'd all be after savin' yer
selves, an' not tryin' to save another.
Why, it's Paddy Murphy that would
svim ashore an' save himself, and thin
-coma back an' thry to save another!"
-Toledo Blade.
A Xhourugh Cenefebin.
•"Herbert," she said, "tell me one
thing, and tell me truthfully. Were
you ever intoxicated?"
"WeU,".replied the young man, "I
was tr-tight once."
"What do you mea n"
"- hbad -tootht pled and tool0 t)a.g
ht gas."-T.*te e )d4..
FARMER AND PLANTER
THE MODERN FARMER.
sIesnee a Prime Neeessity for SaoeeeIl
Agriculture.
At no period has science so largely
benefited agriculture as at present, and
the time has long since passed when
there is nothing to be done but to plant
the seed in the spring and gather the
harvest in autumn. While agriculture
has made much advancement during
recent years, yet it has hardly kept
abreast of the times during the last
decade, and some of the others have
pushed ahead of this most ancient and
honorable occupation. Agriculture
has excluded itself too much from the
other lines of industry, and is just now
coming abreast of the times through
the aid which science has rendered.
This is particularly true in some special
lines. Farms crops are attacked by two
kinds of organisms-the injurious in
sects and the parasitic fungi-and it is
in dealing with these that perhaps the
most advancement in scientific agri
culture has recently been made. The
insects eat the leaves and suck the sap
of plants, while the parasitic fungi
feed upon the rich juices of plants,
causing a great check in growth. How
much damage is caused by injurious in
sects and parasitic fungi can not be
estimated in just so many dollars and
cents, but it is safe to say that fully
one-fourth of the average yield of all
farm produce is destroyed by injurious
insects alone. That is to say, that were
it not for the insects the yield would
be one-fourth greater than it is at pres
ent. To one who has not given the
matter attention this statement may be
received somewhat doubtfully; but it is,
nevertheless, only too true. Take the
case of some of our grains-say corn, for
example. The seed has scarcely pushed
its tender stalk above the ground be
fore the cutworms necessitate a second
planting. When the second planting,
or what remains of the first, is about
three inches high, the bud-worms be
gin their work upon the part of the
plant which is above ground, while the
'root-worms feed upon the remaining
portion which lies beneath the surface.
Owing to the damage caused by these
insects, the farmer may well take the
advice of the poet and plant
"One for the blackbird and one for the crow,
Two for the cutworm.and three to grow."
If by good luck the corn reaches the
roasting-ear stage without being at
tacked by the chinch-bug, the forming
grain is eaten by the bollworms, and a
little later by several weevils and the
larvm of the grain moth. The grain
weevils and the larvie of the
grain moth continue their work of de
vastation after the corn is harvested to
such an extent as to destroy the entire
harvest in many cases. But by the ap
plication of proper remedies a large
part of the loss caused by injurious in
sects can be prevented, and that with
but little trouble and expense. It is
here that the science of entomology
comes to the rescue of the agricultur
ist by bringing forward insecticides to
lessen, and indeed in some cases to en
tirely prevent, the loss caused by the
ravages of injurious insects. In the
case of the American corn referred to,
the insects which attack it can all be
more or less successfully dealt with by
proper cultivation and the application
of insecticides. Clean culture and
good cultivation will greatly lessen the
number of the insects which attack the
growing corn, while the application of
bi-sulphide of carbon to the grain as
soon as harvested will prevent further
damage by insects in the granary.
In many cases the loss through dam
age by parasitic fungi is no less than
that caused by the attack of injurious
insects. The diseases of the grape
have, perhaps, received the most atten
tion at the, hands of mycologists, and
the beneficial results of their work in
this branch of scientific agriculture
manifest themselves on every hand.
(Grape diseases were formerly but little
prevalent, but during recent years
they have increased in their distribu
tion and destructiveness to such an ex
tent that it is now almost impossible
to bring the grapes to maturity with
out the application of a fungicide to
check the growth of the parasitic
fungi which are the cause of the grape
diseases. This being the case, the
viticulturist knows that the applica
tion of the Bordeaux mixture is as
fully an important part of success
as pruning or cultivation. But it has
also been recently shown that many
plant diseases other than those of the
grape can be checked in like manner
by the application of fungicides. A
prominent example of this is found in
the good resulting from the applica
tion of Bordeaux mixture to potatoes,
recent experiments showing- that this
fungicide not only prevents the potato
rot, but also so very largely increases
the yield that it would pay well to ap
ply the Bordeaux mixture for this lat
ter purpose alone, where potatoes are
subject to early blight. This increase
in yield was a result unlooked for
when the experiments were conducted.
This same fungicide is used in spray
ing apple trees to prevent the apple
scab. and experiments last season at
the Cdrnell station show that the Bor
deaux mixture not only prevents the
scab, but it increases both the yield
and keeping qualities of the fruit.
But in other lines of agricultnre
science has but recently shown many
things of interest. It has long been
supposed, and, indeed, common sense
would go to show, that the winter pro
tection of milch cows would pay, yet it
has remained for the Indiana experi
ment station to recently show just
what and how much benefit is to be de
rived from such winter protection. The
matter of sub-irrigation has received
attention at the hands of some of our
stations, and the experiments have
shown that this system of irrigation is
mnuich superior in its results to the
usual methods. Agricultural. hemis
try, dairying and bacteriology are as
yet but new rsoeienas, and this is espe
oially so in the intimate relations
whioh they bear to each other. The
mattei of the fermentation of milk its
now retiving muh attofntol, Mau
W:Pr b9SK4
am a method of greatly prolonging the
sweetness of milk. By a method of
milk testing, we are now able to say
Just how much butter fat a given
amount of milk contains, i e., how
many pounds of butter can be made
from the given quantity of milk. This
being the case, the milk now sold at
creameries is paid for in proportion to
the amount of butter fat it contains.
Thus we see the intimate relations ex
isting between the sciences which un
derlie agriculture. W.e also see that
science has brought agriculture for
ward to the state of advancement in
which it now stands. That agriculture
should be our foremost, as it ever has
been primarily the most important, in
dustry there can be no doubt. But
science has not completed its work in
aiding agriculture. Indeed,*the results
so far obtained but go to show the pos
sibilities which lie beyond. Other
equally important results in scientific
agriculture may be lodked for, and if
the agriculturist wishes to be success
ful, he should put the latest results of
scientific investigations into immediate
practice. The greatest aid to the agri
culturists in this country is the experi
ment station-and it is through these
institutions that much of the future
aid to agriculture will be brought for
ward.-Howard E. Weed, in American
Agriculturist.
THE BROOD SOW.
She Needs Speelal Conditions to Keep H~r
Thrifty.
So far as the conditions on the farm
will admit, the sows, after they are
bred, should have a place to themselves
where they can be fed and managed in
the manner best calculated to secure
the best results. They ought not to
be kept with the stock hogs, and cer
tainly not with the fattening ones; and
the best plan of management is to give a
pasture to themselves and feed them in
a way that will keep them healthy and
thrifty. While it is of no advantage
to keep fat, vigorous, thrifty pigs can
hardly be secured unless such treat
ment is given the sow during gesta
tion that will keep her vigorous. One
advantage in allowing her to run of
the pasture is that a better oppor
tunity is afforded of furnishing exer
cise, while at the same time she will
secure a better variety of food more
readily than if she is closely confined.
Both of these are essential to her
best growth and development, as well
as that of her pigs. But no matter
how good the pasturage, some feed
ing is necessary if she is kept in the
most desirable condition. A ration
that will secure a good development of
bone and muscle is what is needed for
the brood sow. When a sow is suck
ling a litter of pigs, a sloppy food is
nearly alwvays best, as it enables her to
supply milk to a better advantage; but
oats and middlings, with a little milk,
makes a good feed for the sow during
gestation. One of the very best feeds
that can be given, when it can be se
cured, is oats and barley in equal parts,
the quantity to be determined by the
conditions of the animals. When they
have the run of the orchard. where
there is plenty of pasturage, with more
or less fallen fruit, a much less quanti
ty will be needed than where there is
less that they can secure. Provide
plenty of water where they can help
themselves daily. See that they have
a shade under which they can rest dur
ing the day when they feel like it.
This should always be dry, and in
warm weather well ventilated. The
idea is to make comfortable as well as
to feed well, as in this way less feed
will be required to keep thrifty.-Farm
and Ranch.
HERE AND THERE.
-The Western Swineherd reports a
remarkable exemption from hog chol
era throughout the great west for sev
eral months past, and declares that for
many years hogs have not been so uni
formly healthy.
-Scrub stock, whether horses, cattle
or hogs, are so expensive compared
with the results of their feed and care,
and are in such light demand and heavy
supply, that no farmer who knows
which side of his bread has oleo on it,
can afford to waste his time with such.
-Farm stock should be kept for the
profit there is in it. The annual loss
from unprofitable stock is immense-in
many cases sufficient alone to deter
mine the year's work to be a failure.
Under present conditions of close com
petition it will not pay to feed any ani
mal that will not pay its way.
-It has long been a mooted question
whether animals have souls. WVhen we
see the treatment some farm animals
receive we are driven to the conclusion
that their owners have none-or, at
least, none worth saving.
-If every crop of potatoes realized
the same profit as a little patch in De
Kalb County, Ala., did the other day,
potatoes would be the only crop raised
in this country. J. P. Reauseau, a
farmer, while digging a mess of pota
toes, turned up 5:4,000 in gold and
silver.
-Farmers who are satisfied with one
ton of hay per acre will never make
farming pay. On some farms four tons
per acre have been secured during
favorable seasons. If a hay crop does
not give a fair return during seasons
when all the conditions are favorable
the land should be put in some other
crop.
-Guineas are one of the finest table
fowls, possessing a certain game flavor
not found in other fowls. They have
full-meated breasts, and possess but a
small proportion of offal. If their real
value for the table were known they
would b;e in great demand. On the
farm they cost almost nothing, being
industrious foragers, and there never
was a better insect exterminatar.
-To provide a dust bath for the
fowls it is not necessary to keep du~t
in a box. Spade up a space in the cor
ner of the yard about fcnr feet square
and a foot deep, and sift the dirt so as
to have it light nol f(ihe. fet it be
done on a dry day, and should it be
oome wet from rain, repeat the work
the next dry day. After the irst tiae
it will require blt a feiW. minutei'
time, sand hena will .ash i) war
SOUND DOCTRINE.
Flmelples Whleh Prompted the P'sel
dent'o Letter to Chairmen Wileo.
The president's letter to Chairman
Wilson is full of sound democratic doe
trine. It is refreshing to road it after
the weary weeks of democratic silence
ain the face of a betrayal of the party's
pledges by senators who hold demo
oratio commissions but who place their
own interests above these of their
party and their country.
Mr. Cleveland wrote the letter as an
appeal to Mr. Wilson in this c'risi to
"'nsist upon party honesty and good
faith and a sturdy adherence to demo
cratic principles."
The question as presented to the con
ferrees is, in Mr. Cleveland's words,
"whether democratio principles them
selves are to be saved or abandoned."
In view of his belief that democratic
principles are imperiled by the senate
bill. Senator Smith's protest against
the interference of a democratic presi
dent in behalf of his party by writing
a letter to the democratic chairman of
the ways and means committee is of a
piece with his insistence on no tariff
bill at all unless the sugar trust shall
be amply provided for.
What are the democratic principles
in behalf of which Mr. Cleveland has
done an unprecedented thing under
unprecedented circumstances? He
states them in his own terse way in
the letter. He says:
"It must be admitted that no tariff measure
can accord with democratic prlncip:es and
.promises or bear a genuine democratic badge
that does not provide for free raw materilsl.'
This is absolutely true. absolutely
sound, absolutely democratic. As Sen
ator Hill s.idrthe other day in his re
markable speech upholding the presi
dent:
"It expresses better than I can hope to do
the true, sound and logical position of the
c Gaooratio party upon thl3 question. * * "
Upon the question of free raw materials the
president is rigLt, and you know it. You cannot
answer his arguments. You cannot success
fully dispute his propositions. You cannot
doubt his sincerity and patriotism. Yo' muct
yield in the end to his views. You cannot stan .1
up against the sentiment of the great demo
cratio masses of the country which will rally
around the president in his contest wit' you
upon thiqparticular branch of the subject."
Again the president says,. in sp -ai
ing of the senate bill, which leaves thu
wool of the farmer on the free list and
proposes to protect the coal and iron
ore of the capitalist:
"How can we face the people after indulging
In such outrageous discriminations and viola
tions of principle? It is quite apparent that
this question of free raw materials does not
admit of adjustment on any middle ground,
since their subjection to any rate of tariff tax
ation, great or small, is alike violative of derc
ocratic principle and democratic good faith."
If this is not democratic, and if Mr.
Smith's "sweat-leather" statesman
ship and his and Gorman's and Ilrice's
sugar trust statesmanship are demo
cratio, then those who have made the
democratic party what it is, those who
have led it through its hard but patri
otic struggle for tartif reform, those
who have won its triumph, those who
have irven Smith and Gorman and
Brice what power they possess, have
bean bencly deceived. It was Cleve
land's democracy, not timith's, for
which the people eupposed they were
voting in 180u and in 1602:
And this again is theirs as it is Cleve
land's democracy:
"The democracy of the land plead most earn
estly for the speedy completion of the tariff leg
islation which their representatives have un
dertaken; but they demand not less earnestly
that no stress of necessity shall tempt those
they trust to the abandonment of demooratio
principles."
Rather than a bill dictated by the
sugar trust and the money-bags of the
senate it would be better to have no
bill at all. We will then at least save
the issue for which the democratic
party has been courrageously and hope
fully struggling for twenty years.
In conclusion we quote once more
from ecnator Hill's speech, because of
the force and eloquence with which he
emphasizes the point made by the
World since this bill went into con
ference:
"The house cf ere sentatives. fresh from
the people, whi.: a represents meore distinctly
and peculiarly than we O', the taxing power of
thu people, repudiates our bill, and a :ecmo
cratlo president Ihas emphasized that repudia
tion, and the condition which confronts us is
one of extreme cnmbarrassment. Shall we re
treat or advance? Shall we surrendor to the
house while we can do so honorably, or shall
we wait until we are driven to it?"-N. Y.
World.
NOT A SECTIONAL MEASURE.
The Tarli Bill is Intended to Treat All
States Alike.
The attempt of the McKinley organs
in both parties to arouse sectional
prejudice against the tariff bill be
cause the democratic conferrees are
mainly from the south is not warranted
by the measure itself.
The bill as it stands provides for free
wool and free lumber. Texas alone
had 4,884,551 sheep in 1893. This is
three times as many as New York had.
It just about, equals the number of
sheep in the tie great westers states
of Indiana, Illinois. Wisconsin, Minne
eota and .lQwa. Missouri and Ken
tucky, two other southern states, have
nearly as many sheep as all the New
England states and New York to
gether.
Are not Georgia, North Carolina and
other southern timber-producing states
as much affected by tree uInmber as any
northern states?
As passed by the house the bill made
coal and iron ore free. It is hoped that
the eonference will result in a restora
tion of the democratic policy. Are not
Alabama, Tennessee, Virginia, West
Virgina and Maryland large pro ers
of these articles?
The sugar bounty, of which Louiai
ana is the chief beneciarry, was voted
by a republioan congress and is re
pealed in the pending bill.
Whatever may be the defectgof the
eompromise measure it is not a see
tianal bilJ.-N. Y. World.
-G~a. Meginley is unnecessarily
alarmed. The possibility of Gen.
Tracy or Chauncey M. Depew carrying
New York state this fall, thus casting
the McKinley boomlet into the shade,
need sanse him no unoasiness. If his
chanoes for the nominatLon aro threat
ened only by lrepubllcoa victory lu
New York he ** u go to work on his
- - - ,
THE TARIFF SITUATION.
Ceandltess Whclh Deader Immedlast A.e
tina Neemsary.
It is true that ninety-nine per cent.
of the democrats of the country prefer
the house tariff bill to that which
passed the senate, and it is not sur
prising that the preference is so over
whelming. The house bill wasn't a
perfect measure, but it very closely
approached the lines which had been
laid down in the minds, of the demo
crate of the country. It substituted in
nearly all cases ad valorem for specifo
duties, which is in the interest of jus
tico and reason, and in all material in
stances put raw materials on the free
list, in obedience to a well-understood
democratic demand. Its only grave
fault was that it held out the menace
ofa treasury deficiency, which, if re
alized, would have been calamitous.
The senate bill is much less perfect,
though in the taxation of sugar it
avoided the danger which lurked in
the house measure. But it is safe to
say that that is the only point of im
provement. It is objectionable in that
it restores the odious and unjust spe
eific system of duties. It violates the
democratic pledges in continuing the
tax on raw materials. It is offensive
in that it preserves the unjust and in
jurious protective system. In fact, the
only thing that can be truthfully said
in its favor is that it is infinitely better
than the McKinley bill. Its adoption
would repeal that agency of robbery
and destroyer of prosperity and save
the people of this country millions of
dollars in taxation.
These are thes conditions that confront
the democratio congress and people.
In the face of them what is to be done?
There is no use in flying off on a tan
gent over it. Reason the questionout.
Summon the arguments on both sides,
and weigh them. On one side it may
be said that the failure to legislate for
the relief of the people will forfeit
public confidence in the democratic
party. It will continue the needless
b urdens which have exhausted their
resources, prostrated their energies
and destroyed their prosperity. It
will put the democratic party on the
defensive in the impending corkres
sional contest, and a defensive -i;gt is
a losing battle. Moreover, it will juc
tify the accusation that the democratio
party is incapable of governing the
country.
What is to be said on the other aide?
President Cleveland has said it all, and
said it well. It is simply that the sen
ate bill fails to fulfill the obligation4
of the democratic party, and that the
failure is so emphatic and inexcusable
that it amounts to a betrayal of faith.
That is a serious objection, and one
which should bring upon the heads of
those responsible for it the most severe
execration. But, after all, if the con
dition is a choice between the senate
bill and the McKinley bill, the senate
bill should be passed, and that accom
plished, every agency of punishing the
recreants should be invoked. The in
terests of the people are entitled to
consideration first. After that matters
of politics will be in order.-Kansas
City Times.
tOPINIONS AND POINTERS.
-The republican party of Iowa has
become a party of extravagance. It is
heedless of the necessities of the peo
ple and reckless in the expenditure of
their money.-Ex-Gov. Boies' Speech.
- Under democratic institutions
there is a force stronger than senates,
more powerful than presidents, more
potent even than the press. It is the
force of public opinion.-N. Y. World.
-An exchange asks: "'Vhy do fish
ermen lie?" Perhaps for the same ree
son that republican editors do: they
can catch more suckers by lying than
by telling the truth. - Kansas City
Times.
-A proper tariff bill must, as the
president says, be largely the result of
honorable adjustment and compro
mise. But it need not be the result of
barter and sale. - Louisville Courier
Journal.
-The people of the country are
substantially united in a conservative
measure which will reduce the burdens
of taxation, remove the oppression of
the McKinley tariff and make a great
.step in that direction of absolute tariff
reform which is approved in the demo
cratic platform.-Albany Argus.
-The president's letter to Mr.
Wilson is the utterance of an earnest,
honest advocate of a principle who
sees that principle endangered; it is
the utterance of an earnest party man
who dislikes to see his party going
wrong or failing in its duty; it is a
timely and patriotio deliverance which
ought to bring the democratic leaders
to their senses.-Indianapolis Sentinel.
-Over confidence has taken full
possession of the republican party this
year, and in politics over-conflidence is
a most dangerous thing. It is almost
two years now since the last national
election, and Whitelaw Reid hasn't
fully recovered from the terrible night
mare of seeing asure thing slip through
his finagers. ver-confdent republicans
shaould consult him.-Ksnsas City
Times.
-There are thirty-five democrats in
the United States senate who stand
for tarit refor'. There are nine
democrats who are traitors to their
party and to the people. The nind
traitors would not have the power to
put one nickel in the treasury of a
thieving tariff trust were it not for
the fact that thirty-eight republican
senators stand in solid phalanx in de
fense of the trusts. Yet the repub
lican press is trying to make party
ptl out of the situation..-Chicgo
-It seems to shoOk some of our e
teemed republican contemjeraries that
P·elsdet Cleveland had no resebeat
io- his letter to Congressman Wilson.
But if they will overhall their hi
tories they will fnd that John Ha
cock and his associates had no preo
dent for the declaration of lnde
pendence or Abraham Lincola for the
emaneipation proclamatica.o Notwit
standing that drawback both these
doeunont. have been laea.ys 'swo
byth c gar
MOUTON n c
- DEALERS IN- . -
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Lincoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CLRMEL CONVENT
LAFAYETTE. LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
EE~IWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Nlsr BanL BalluUdlg.
FRED MOUTONUe Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. Aldork promptly attended u.-.
Satisfact guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. C. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete. La.
It. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Att orneys at Law.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAtETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
L .AWYE.V` ER.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes. and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAFA YIETE. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-'..zQr3azaJ, -3L 3=n13
-AND
Sale Stable
E, COISTAITII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 2s years,-
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and sucoessful trealSt-..
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi-.
cal inhalations oombined with consa;i.'
tutional treatment affording a cre a t-: .
Consumption, in the flrat and eoe d ,
period iftheyJollow exactly the trea.:.
ment and rllet in the third period. " .:
Deataesa an&-phronic diseases in gen
eral a sa~oiealty. ,
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the:P~eace..
iital and prom pt attention ,
4s. and rpuresea o@f I