THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1894. NUMBER 24.
n 1A .... T l ari I AM T I ...ll.. a - M
NUMA BROUSSARD,
Cabinet Raker and
Fnrniture Repairer
OP ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banlisters
Pancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Ulase
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LAWAIWTTE, LA.
L.AFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT anal SUPPLY SHOP.
Near lhank ltildilil.
FRED MOUITOIN, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All workl promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
i-I. C.- SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street, I
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORtIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Laayete., La. t
I. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON, t
Atttol-lleyE at I U "a ,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-A11 I>EALER In -- I
Rich iwelry, Watches, Diamonds, Ete
C:'og's Building. Courthouse Square, v
LAFAYETTE, - -. . IA ,
-- tl
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE, h
BAKERný
Confectioner,
V'ermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
IR.IIIOAD BAIBIL R I S110. n(
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. hi
Til E "OLD RELIABLE." ' "
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. cU
vw
H. L. ITONNIER, o
-Dealer in
General -
flerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND to
Sidney Veazey, g'
LIVERY pl:
NED Stable.
tic
Lincoln Avenue, lit
Two Blocks From Depot. tli
First-class rigs at reasonable trices. th(
Careful drivers furnished when rcequired. inc
LAFAYETTE, LA. sai
jan 17.
------ - - - hayc
C. DEBAILLON, me
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary sof
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su. one
promo and Federal Courts at Opelousas the
and New Orleans. Al
OPELOUSAS. LA.
--AND- the
Sale Stable face
E. COISTAITII, Proprltor. r
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUIART. eve
A practitioner in the State 23 years, pro
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls mee
attention to his'aew sind successful treat- tion
rnent of the re atry organs. Medi- It
cal inhalation tbined with consti- tian
tutional treat nt affording a cure : glin
Conaumn tion, the first and second in
per i they zctly the treat
Deafness an .tda. gen. of l
eral a special hast
O. P. jfl tBE'AEAU, a o
Notary Public ahi
Justic of the Peace. ,
Careful and ttiou'gtven to portl
the collection seorndate, totes.a t
dtafts. Sale lmeoof ladm at
tended to. 1-19 ee
C. -. MOUTON, e
Attorney at I ay -v
St. flartiutnvile. La. hi.s
, AN EGYPTIAN REBEL.
A lRomane In the Land of the
Sphinx.
The tents of the Egyptian army I
arose, white as snow, against a sky of
e ltPaltnrine-below spread the white
eat, sand. Heat more intense could bidt be
lase imagined. The aiCt ifly quivered <
with it, and it had upon the eyes the
bllading effect of the flashing of the I
mirror in the sun. It was not a time 1
of battle. I
The little army composed the iill- I
tary cordon with which I.smail Pasha f
protected the recently established t
agricultural districts on the borders
of Abyssinia and the roads for trafuid, d
which in 1806 had nft long been a
opened,
. The dearth of cotton, caused by the g
ork civil war of the United States, had v
t given Ismail the idea ol making Egypt I
agreat cotton-growing country, and s
since then, railways, telegraphs and n
all manner of improvements have been a
introduced.
At the date of the itury, great n
caravans of camlels bore the products I
of the fields to the various markets, E
and no roaring, red-eyed steam mon- I
ster had yet invaded the land of
mystery, ~ilence and the sphinx. a
Everyone was languid. The officers o
resting in their tents, the common h
soldiers stquatting about at ease. A
caravan on its way south had paused
to cat and rest until night fell, and si
that great, golden thing, the moon of '
Egypt, should rise to light them on di
their way. Each man had said his ai
prayers, and before praying, since a,
jC water was not plentiful, had rubbed tc
his hands with dust-which was w
counted to his credit just the same, by be
the recording angel of his paradise, am
who always makes allowances for m
r, circumstances. Now peace had fallen ce
upon the hot world, where almost re
everybody slumbered.
In his tent.Capt. Ibin El-WVarrnkah to
w-as dreaming, His dreams carried
him away from the tents, the soldiers ye
and all his present surroundings. lie be
was once more in the home of his er
Uncle Rizk-entertained as a beloved w,
l guest. lie had seen his aunt, who was he
his mother's" sister, even without the Al
face veil. lBut she, having sent kind we
-a messages to his another, and given rin
him a present, had retired to the pri- th
vate rooms of the women, from which, th
now and then, came a silvery ripple of lai
laughter, and words spoken in a voice ple
that was the sweetest he had ever bl
heard. je'
lie knew it was that of has Cousin an
Fat-M\eh. Fat-Meh had been a beau- lox
tiful little girl. lie had always re- so]
membered Fat-M\eh affectionately.
But now he could not ask to see her es,
any more than if she had been the cve
daughter of some stranger. lie riight me
not look upon a woman's face, even if ha
she were his cousin. He bowed to lot
custom, as the young man of this coun- frc
try does. But it came into his mind, yo
now that little Fat-Meh, who had an
been as dear as a sister to him in those an
baby years, was veiled and hidden from som
.him as from a stranger, that even old- tie
established Egyptian customs might be me
carried too far. Pit
He sat and ate the various dishes C
which the black slave offered to the qui
guests. But all the while he thought an,
p of little Fat-Melt, and laid a plan by hel
which at least to see her. the
In Egypt, one is not obliged to sit at a d
table until all the company have fin
ished their meal. Each may rise when
lie is satisfied, say: "Praise be to God,"
wash his hands in the ewer which the
servant holds for him before and after
meals, dry them on the embroidered late
towel and retire from the company.
.And so, as soon as he dared, Ibin did '
this, and saying that he wished once is
inure to see the garden and pome- one
grniate trees under which he had par
played inl childhood, left the room.
Out into the garden he went and, the
standing where he could see the lat- end
ticed windows above, began to sing a pen
little rhyme that children sing when Ils
they play together, beating time with on
oth
the palms. ~'hat more natural. when
memories of youth returned with the cthi
sight of the garden where, before Fat- clas
IMeh had been able to walk alone, he and
had led her by her tiny hand-what it r
Smore natural than that he should re
member the rhyme and sing it again? don1
And while lie sang, another voice, beg
soft and low, took up the strain. Some
one was singing behind the lattice of
the window. lie knew it was Fat-Meh. ive
A little later he saw that the lattice love
was pushed softly open. A veiled face do a
peeped forth, a hand was extended for love
a moment and a rose dropped. Above
the veil he saw great eyes, like stars, mon
bordered with kohl. Then, a if by best
accident, the vail dropped, and he saw
his cousin Fat-Meh's face-the baby colo
face become a woman's, and beautiful pare
exceedingly. ter
It vanished. The window was closed. jectl
Lie picked up the rose and hid it in his Fat
bosom and returned to the house.
Before he left his uncle's abode, how- disga
ever, he had asked some questions and this
learned that Fat-Meh was already abaj
promised in marriage and that the and I
meeting of relatives to settle the ques- near
tion of dowry would occur very soon. upp
It is not often that a young -gp- after
tian sees a girl's face, and this one , y
glimpse of his cousin's face remained
in Ibin's heart as a kiss might in that
of an Englishman. He was dreaming We
of her as a man entered the tent in conce
haste and a voice called: "Captain- scale
my captain!" and he looked up and saw phia
a soldier ieside him. name
"Captain," this man said, salhtting weig1
him, "a boy, who appears to be dying, show
arsked to be brought to you. Will you card
see him?" upon
Tlin sprang to his feet and followed the
the man intothe open air. There, sup- Engl
ported by jgwo other men. stood a bean- it she
t-itml, beardless boy, who lifted his to be
eves and loolked into Ibin's face Im- been
ploringly.
"'Captain," he said, "I lave some- -Il
thing to tell you-somethling which no terms
one must hear. Take mre to your tent dead
-takrc me quickly." 'For
Without a word the captain opened just a
hLm arms to receive, the falnt im form, Iosto
; and, fiftiaii It, bore it into his tent.
The soldiers did- not dare to follow,
and, seeing they were not wanted, re
the tired.
Softly as , thtlitie' beatrs het udi4ll
thin laid his burden down upon thd.
rmy rugs spread in its shadow and knelt
Y of down beside it.
hite His heart wds dLttingt wildly.
,t be ie trembled from head to foot. His
:red eyes-the eyes of a lover, against
the which no woman ever yet disguised
the herself-had recognized his cousin
ime Fat-Mob on the instant. Why she thus
mnasqttei'ardd he did not know, but she
dill- had asked for him and wild fancies
sha filled his mind. Now as he knelt
hed there he whispered:
lers "I know ytii! I know you, Fat
fie, leh! Tell me quickly what it is that
een ails you!"
"Oh, Cousin Ibin, it is a wound," the
the girl gasped-"here in my arm! I came 1
had with the new soldiers who came
ypt to-day. Two of them quarreled. One
and struck at the other. He sprang behind
and mne and the blade entered my arm. I
een am dying! And, oh! it was so horrible
to think of dying amongst strange
eat men, and that they should know! And
aets I knew that you would keep my secret.
ets, Hide me! Let no one know even after r
on- I am dead!" j
of "Have no fear. I will shield you with
my life if necessary," said Ibin. "Here
ers on your sleeve I see blood. Is ·
ion here?" i
A "Yes!" whispered the girl: i
sed On the instant ibin ripped up the 1
tnd sleeve, and to his joy found a little e
of wound, which had bled badly but not a
on dangerously.- When he bound it up I
his and reassured her he covered her face c
ree and left lher to rest and went out to
>ed tell his tale. The little soldier, he said, h
vas was not much hurt. lie was a mere b
by boy and fancied himself dying,and had a
se, asked for him that he might send a p
for message to his parents. For the pres- fi
len ent he would care for him. Then he c+
ost returned to his tent.
Fat-Meh was awake. Her great eyes o
:ah turned upon him.
led "Ibln," she said, "do I seem bold to 1
irs you? I suppose so. Bit listen. I have b
lie been learning lessons. In Egypt wom- h
his en are slaves. They sell us as if we t]
ed were birds. 1, for instance, have a ti
as heart. I wish to marry one I love. v,
he And there came to our house an old vi
nd woman, who told my parents that a m
en rich man wished to marry me; and m
ri- they said I must marry him. I prayed tr
,h, them not to give me to him. They pi
of laughed. The preparations were com- m
ce plete. The time had come. Do you p,
*er blame me for running away? A few in
jewels bought the help of an old wom- or
in an. While they were looking for a rc
u- lost girl, a boy marched away with the so
e- soldiers. hi
y. "Oh, I would have done anything to ca
or escape that frightful man! See, I have am
he even cut my long hair! Does it make pr
lit me ugly? Do you think me bold and ti
if bad-very, very bad? I saw that you se
to loved me when you looked up at me
n- from the garden. IBut, if I have made w
d, you despise me, at least let me stay co
id and be a little soldier, and see you now of
se and then, and perhaps, wait on you of
m sometimes. And when there is a bat- th
d- tie, fight beside you. Only do not send gr
Oe me back to marry somebody I hate. di
Pity me, even if you scorn me." . is
°s On this, Capt. Ibin El-Warrakah ve
me quite forgot Egyptian good manners, ef
it and took Fat-NIeh's hand in his and elm
y held it against his heart, and told her 181
that she was a rose, a nightingale and pa
it a dove, and he recited this verse to her: ru
S " Ya milah knafoo min Allah an
n Wa shamnl nshik li-ah sa
Illobukum mek tooh nmin Allah,
Kaddarn I mowla aleirJia." t
Which might be very freely trans- di,
d lated thus: 40
"Oh, beloved one! Since Allah has si
given us to each other, the love we feel in
eis ordained by him. Therefore, let no
one blame us for what was decreed in 14
d paradise." c
liut in spite of this bold speech and Ae
their brave hearts, matters might have 18g
ended badly for both had it not hap- tir
pened that the khedive elected to visit ti
his soldiers that morning, mounted Mz
on a prancing horse, followed by she
other highmightinesses mounted on the
a other prancing horses, with music and i
clash and jingle and floating banners an,
and great pomp and ceremony. And of
t it so happened that Capt. Ibin El-War- not
rakah had of late accomplished certain can
doughty deeds, and been reported fa- 7
vorably for them, so that when he we
begged for mercy, mercy was granted. the
Like all the viziers and sultans in ham
the "Arabian Nights Tales." the khe- us,
dive was sentimental. Ile felt for true san
lovers. Therefore, having a right to crer
do as he pleased, lie declared that these gra
lovers should be married, had the cere- cau
mony performed as soon as possible, agr
bestowed his blessing and a dowry trie
upon the bride, made the captain a obs
colonel, and sent a message to the sun
parents ti the effect that they had bet- Ree
ter not let him hear them make any ob- mum
jections. the
And this was all very lucky for little will
Fat-Meh, for Egyptian fathers make fedm
nothing of putting a daughter who has
disgraced her family as completely as 1
this little rebel had certainly done into
a bag, along with a few lumps of lime,
and having her quietly tossed into the
nearest river. As it ended, we may told
suppose tha1 she lived happily ever
afterward.---Col. Howard Appleby, in tee
l. Y. Ledger. bool
WeIghs a Candle's Slam'.
Wonderful stories have been told pub
concerning the extreme delicacy of the
scales used by the mints at Philadel- any
phia and London. That at the first-but
named place is said to tell the exact ot a
weight of a hair; the London wonder oai
shows a difference in the weightofa tht
card after a name has beet written bui
upon it. "The most accurate scale in t
the world" is now being discussed in
England. It is so finely balanced that prec
it shows the weight of a candle taper trus
to be much' less after the flame has peat
been extinguished. penc
suga
--e - '"They are not on speaking
terms, youknow.2" She-~~VWhy.vthey aree
dead in love with each other." lIe- orga
': For that reason they don't speak: they ei
just sit and gaze at 'nhe another.".- e
Iloston Transcript Ant
ent. REED'S ROTTEN RANT.
low, bo Ex-Cears's oGratoe Ideas on the 8lm
re . ver Quetion.
ild {heni & man v'els *het presidential
the bee in his bonnet its buzzing interferes
nelt with and prevents that clear concep
tion Of cause an O~fectaind of eondi
tionis Wiih elioil-d distifigirish an as
His pirant for so exalted a station; and it
inst also affects in a singular manner the
ised optic nerves, causing them to present
usin to the agtive brain a distorted picture
thus of things and their relations. It is
she only, on this theoz t11lt one may ao
cies court for this abErrandy so consplcu
nelt ous in so many df thles ambitious pa
triots W4 iigiit eitd .distinguished
Fat- instances of this from our history, but
hai the present is rich enough, and we need
not point to any other than Mr. Mc
the Kinley, who insists that the foreigner
ine pays the tax; to Mr. Bland, who insists
that as Adam dragged humanity down
One with him into sin, so silver has pulled
nd the values of eve'ything down with it
in its denionetizatorin.
ble lint equally prominent with any in
the present or the past who have had
ego the wheels in their heads set in mo
ret tion by the busy presidential bee, none
i' s more, few so conspicuous as Hon.
r Thomas Brackett Reed, of Maine." Mr.
Reed is a stanch protectionist, one of
those who laugbed scornfully at the
ere reciprocity dodge of Mr. Blaine as a
' delivery to the enemy of the keys to
the gates of the fortress of protection.
tuit Mr. Reed sees that Mr. MgKinley
the has a dead cinch on the single question
tle of protection; that there is a decidedly
not silver lining to the clouds lowering
up over his party; and he fancies if he can
Ice couple silver and protection and reci
to procity he will have three trumps in
id, his hand to McKinley's one. So we
ere have him in his noted interview boldly
ad announcing a new policy. in which he
Sa proposes to drive protection, silver and
es- free trade tandem. They are kittle
he cattle, and we shall watch with inter
est Mr. Reed's handling of the ribbons
res over his wild team.
But there are some fallacies in Mr.
to Reed's statements that are too plain to
eve be hidden under any gauze of rhetoric
m- he may have at command. One of
we these is the effect of the demonetiza
a tion of silver on the exports of the sil
re. ver -using nations. They have teen
id vastly stimulated by crafty merchant
a men, who bought silver bullion at its
nd market valve, took it to those coun
ed tries, converted it into coin and bought
ey produce with the coin at its face value,
m- making a profit which they either
on pocketed or shared with the consumer
tw in a reduced price. This was not an
in- original discovery of Mr. Reed's; we
a remember that Senator Davis made c
he something of the same statement in
his opening speech at Crookston tn the
to campaign of 1890, but which he did not
we again repeat, because his fellow cam
Ice paigner, Gov. Merriam, told him, after
td the speech, that it was dashed non
>u sense. c+
se If this is a true fact, as the boys say, t
to with a nice discrimination, we might s
Sy confidently look to the trade returns
w of these countries to find confirmation tl
)a of it in the increased imports of silver, d
.t- the decreased imports of gold and a t
id great increase of imports of merchan- i
e. dise and exports of produce. As India
is the great silver consumer of the sil- g
ih ver nations, we might expect to see its o0
s, effects. there most marked. For the
id eleven months ending with February, ai
°r 1893, the latest return at hand, ier im- 01
A ports of merchandise, stated in tens of tr
r: rupees, of the nominal value of S3.66. fr
amounted to 56,053,9092, and for the ti
same period in '94 they were 67,403.097, at
a gain of less than 11,000,000. The m
total value of her exports of merchan- of
s' dise during the same periods were 90.- It
408,044 and 91,522,000 respectively, tr
Ls showing a gain of a little over 1,000,000 fc
in '94. C
o The imports of gold into India were
n 1,484,110 tens of rupees in the eleven ti
months ending with February, 1803, tli
ci against 2,008,050 for the same period in ar
0 1894, showing a gain of 100 per cent. in
the latter term. The inflow of silver, pl
which should show a large increase if si
M~r. Reed's conjecture is accurate, pr
Y shows a hardly perceptible increase in lic
n the periods compared, the imports be- is
d ing 14,090,384 tens of rupees in the first ba
s and 14,219,024 in the second term, a gain wv
I of less than 10 per cent., while, as it
noted, gold imports increased 100 per th
r cent. ba
- Thus, accepting Mr. Reed's own test, by
we find his statement contradicted by ha
the facts. We have not the figures at ge
hand for the silver countries south of ha
us, but have no doubt they show the ful
same proportions. Whatever of in- rie
crease there is in exports, especially of
grain, is due, not to Mr. Reed's absurd i
cause, but to the developmene- of the the
agricultural resources of those coun- tio
tries, stimulated by our own policy of boe
obstructing the exchanges of the con- yep
suming nations with ourselves. Mr. A
Reed's new hobby may have wind and shi
music enough to carry him- through pul
the next national convention, but it the
will break down before it reaches the So
federal capitol.-St. Paul Globe. by
M'KINLEYISM AND TRUSTS. te
SIgnIfcant PFacts rought to Light in the bri
Sugar Squabble. scil
The head of the sugar trust frankly olil
told the senate investigating commit -
tee that the trust contributed, as its tor
books would show-, to democratic cam- trii
paign funds in democratio states, and pla
to republican campaign funds in re- mei
publican states. It did not contribute are
to the funds of the minority party in aln
any state. The trust had no polities cou
but the polities of "business." It did are
not contribute to promote the success of
of any party or its principles, but it did Fre
contribute to promote the interests of gro
the trust. That was the politics of ted
" business." gre
It was after the publicationbf this tio
precious testimony of the boss of the ing
trust that the McKinley organs re- hig
peated the stale falsehood that the spo
pending tariff bill favored "the octopus tra
sugar trust because its members are of
democrats who donate freely to the tra
campaign funds of that party." The cen
organs assumi that their readers read in
their editorials but do not read their hap
news dispatches from WVashington. fro:
After II. O. Havemeyer, Mr. Searles, to
another consulonousl member of the the
trust, appeared dd i witfee befodre the
en- eommittee, and in the course of his dii
amination the following colloquy shed
tial light on an important point:
r JSenator Allen-You may state briefly what
drca erenc6, jn y.Otf teS4geat, there is between
*P the McKinley act and the tdddit set as the
cdi- senate proposes td amend i~ b6r has aiiEnded
as it, to.the American Sugar leflnli edahiafii
it which is the better act for you?
Mr. Seafles--Tbh MiKtnley bill by ta'.
the Senator Allen-How mudilu
ant Mr. Searles-I think one-half. That is what I
are think. The protection in the margin to the re
is ner in the proposed schedule is not over one
half of what it is in the MOcKinlely bill.
ac- How did it come to pass that the Mo
CU- Kinley tafiff was itade better "by far"
pa-d for the sua tist than the senate
t schedile is? Was it because the menad
tnt betf df the tirust are reptblicans "who
red donate freely to the caimpaign funds of
ror that party?" In illustrating the ilaener
ies in which the trust practiced the pol
a itics of business, H. O. Havemeyer
led mentioned Massachusetts as a repub
lican state. Neither lie nor his brother
Theodore, who testified later, would
in give particulars, but it is an unavoida
ad ble inference from their general state
Lad ments that the truist contr'ibuted to re
e publican campaign funds in states
where the investment would be busi
r. nesslike, such as Ohio and Illinois.
of And from the testimony of Mr. Searles
he it is to be inferred that the McKinley
congress was paying a political debt
to when it made asugar schedule "by far"
more favorable to the trust than the
senate schedule is.
on There was a nice little speculation
ly in the McKinley sugar tariff. The bill
at first gave the trust protection to
ig the extent of 5 per cent. April 15,
i- 1S90, this was changed to 40 cents pee
it hundred pounds. The next day there
ye was lively trading in the trust certifi
ly cates, and the price continued to ad
Ie vance for five weeks, or until the bill
passed the house, with a protection of
le 50 and a possible 00 cents per hundred
r- pounds. The stock exchange reports
show that the total advance was 81
points, or $15,500,0000 on the $50.000,000
r.of certificates then existing. i
These facts would seem to indicatep
i that the republican statesmen owed a c
i considerable political debt to the trust, r,
a- or that they were extremely liberal in a
a- making payment from the pockets of
a consumers. The same facts suggest o
t- the possibility of successful specula- P
ts tion by representatives and senators- ql
speculation upon the certainty of their el
it own action, with the aid of certain per
sons who know how to make themselves
useful by "carrying" stocks for other h'
r people, in
And the moral of the whole story is so
n that tariff protection is a thoroughly ii
e corrupt and rotten business.--Chicago Ii
n Herald. be
e COMMENTS OF THE PRESS. a
~, - Republican platforms are do 9q
er voted principally to the abuse of demoe "I
cratic principals. Well, the democrats k
can stand it so long as nothing better
then republican jobbery is offered as a I
t substitute.-Kansas City Times. th
s - It is by no means a sure thing di
a that Harrison, Reed and McKinley will
divide the national republican conven- La
a tion between them. While they are wi
,- interfering and jockeying some well- a
a managed dark horse is very liable to in
g- gallop around the whole precious trio fr,
s of leaders.-Detroit Free Press. tei
e - Unfortunately for those who toil dr
and for the nation at large, the system do
of protection established in this coun- iml
f try has not extended to labor. The me
fruits of the high tariff have gone to
the favored beneficiaries who have in
amassed millions at the expense of the the
masses. Labor has been imported free
of duty and without let or hindrance.
It is the undesirable element thus in
troduced that is largely responsible
j for the outbreaks which disgrace the Re
country and work harm to the cause
of those who are struggling towards
the more favored position which is yea
theirs by every consideration of right frt
and justice.-Detroit Free Press. fer
k - The Ohio republicans in their co]
platform "demand such protection for Th
sheep husbandry as will secure fair mnr
prices for wool." The Ohio rep'b- w
licans should be more specific. What
is "such protection for sheep hus- sh
bandry as will secure fair prices for mo
wool?" Where is it found and how is ma
I it got? Under the protection which
the McKinley act gives sheep hus- pel
bandry, as under all protection given am
by the republicans to sheep hus- jox
bandry, the prices for wool have been the
getting lower and lower, until they ma
have reached their present beauti- the
fully "fair" figures.-Louisville Con- a 1
rier-Journal. bri
-The facts about the sugar trust bee
which are coming to light constitute ter
the truth about all trusts and corpora- to
tions which ask for "protection." Em
boldened by the success of so many the
years, this system of robbery of the the
American people boldly flaunts its ha
shame in open day and stalks into the lau
public places and the high councils ofas
the nation with startling effrontery.ta
So hardened has "protection" become to 1
by what it has fed upon that it is en- yoe
tirely bereft of moral sense and en-her
ters the United States senate bearing de
bribes with hardy any sense or con- of r
sciousness of impropriety.-Indianap- F
olis News. se
- We do not recall in human his- afti
tory an experiment more completely cle
tried, and of which the results are and
plainer, than our protection experi- coti
ment, except that of absolute mon
archy in France, and it has produced
almost as great moral chaos. The I
country is full of the anti-social, an- fi'i
archical and crazy ideas of the power the
of government which preceded the the
French revolution, and they have and
grown out of the thirty years of pro- one
tection as plainly as the French ones and
grew out of the fifty years of licen- pou
tious despotism. Not the least divert- oth
ing part of the prevailing folly is the t'e
high-tariff attempt to fasten the m. as I
sponsibility of it all on the free.and
traders, as if it was not the functioh drei
of a tariff to silence and rout free to
traders by a display of its own benefi- you
cence. The number of theories which you
in practice would make the world so01
happy if the wicked would only cease whi
from troubling is immense. But how will
to muzzle the wickel is a chief part of dres
the problem of reformr-N. Y, Post. nea
the SCHOOL AND CHURCIi.
ed -lie.. 1)f. A. A. Paterson, late presih
dent of the ]Biighaimtoti college and
bat founder of the first *omen's ttaitning
em college in America. is abligt to fetieru
the to Edinburg, Scotland, his native cit,*y
Seto tresume the pastorate after forty
Syedf' bb8eree in this country.
-A feceit let4tS from Japan says
t that at the close of last y~tMI of the 077
re- churches in Japan 78 are wholly and
- 20099 are partially self-supporting. ,'Thea
additions during the year numbered
to- 3,6:6. The present m tnbership is
ir" 37,534. The larger part of these Are
ste men.
'- ,-rThere are over 22,000.000 persons
ho teachers xnid sch~lars--enrolled as
of members of Protestant Stflanda-schools
tr in different parts of the world. Nearly
al- half of these are in the United States,
'er more than oine-sixth of our population,
Lb- while 88 per cent. of the entire number
ter speak the English language or are
lid domiciled in English-speaking coun
i* tries.
S --Among the newer interesting con
re- tributions to the Old Testament dis
es cusisions in Germany is a translation t
i- of Prof. Green's Hebrew Feasts. It is
s' done by Otto B.echer, pastor of the (;er
es man Evangelical church' in Elmira, N.
by Y., and is entitled "Die Feste der lie
braer." The publisher is 93erthels
mann, in Gutersloh, and price four
he marks. It is exceedingly rare that an
American technical theological work
r is translated into German. 1
-A review of the work of the Salva- b
5, tion army xroughout the world gives s
the following facts: Corps and outposts, a
7,397; training garrisons, 66; slum posts,
104; rescue homes. 49; prison-gate homes, r
12; homes of rest, 24; food and shelter E
11 depots, 53; factories and labor bureaus, d
i 82; farm colonies, 5; number of officers, n
:d 10,874; social officers, 44:; rescue officers, ti
ts 288; slum officers, 186: farm colony offi- f,
31 cers, 87: War Crys sold weekly. 580,533:
l Young Soldiers sold weekly, 147,382: a
magazines monthly. 114.990. The re- p
te port for the United States .shows 114 ti
a corps and outposts. 14 slum posts. 5 l
rescue homes, 5 food and shelter depots n
and 1,634 officers. rv
S--This is the first year in the histor5 ti
It of Yale university that an entrance pa
. per in English has been among the re
quirements. The list which has been $
tr chosen for entrance examination in
r- eludes the following subjects: Colridge,
to "The Ancient Mariner:" Scott. "Ivan- k,
,r hoe" and "The Lady of the Lake:" Irv- lv
ing, "The Alhambria;" Macaulay. "Es
a say on Byron," "Essay on Clive:"
y Byron. "The Fourth Canto of Childe
Ha arold:" .Hawthorne. "The House of th
Seven Gables:" Thackeray. "English
Humorists of the Eighteenth Century."
and Tennyson. "'The Prineee." The ye
questions will be construed with the is
special view of testing the pupil's m
knowledge of the subject matter. th
r -The Harvard faculty have alat down to
a upon a custom of much observance in at
that university. They have expressly be
discountenanced the reviews known as th
"seminars' conducted before the regu- pi,
lar examinations by clever students, its
who thus make money for themselves sea
and coach up their backward fellows is
in various courses. These reviews last a d
from two to four hours, and are at- in)
tended sometimes by as many as a hun- 13
dred students, who 'pay two or three
dollars each for the privilege of attend- wý
ing. It has also been customary in the so;
more difficult courses for some one to sea
prepare elaborate notes for sale, which. ski
in many cases, have been submitted to dc
the instructors for their approval. This ou
sale of notes is also discountenanced. atd
dr'
SEA ISLAND MARRIAGES. thin
ma
RemInlscence of the Days After the-Eman- po)
cipatlon of the Negroes.
During the month of August of this
year, Birig.-Gen. Saxton issued an order
from his headquarters at Beaufort re- cor
ferring to the marriage customs of the sai
colored people under his authority. ing
This order provided that each freedman sig
must confine himself to the one wife to ma
whom he had been lawfully married. bus
If he had never been so married he thi
should choose the woman who was yoi
mother of most of his children, and be plc
married to her as soon as possible. are
When this order was read by the su- doi
perintendents it created a great stir ad
among the negroes. Many of them re- the
joiced and considered it a final proof the
that they were free "jus' like buckrah Soi
man." In more than one of the churches kna
the Sunday morning services closed with kna
a big wedding. The old gray-haired son
brides and grooms, many of vrhom had tal
been true to each other through all the keE
terrible days of slavery. stood two by the
two down the length of the middle ma
aisle. Many of them did not know of
their right hand from their left. so -I
they faced each other and clasped both
hands while they listened to the Bible
law of marriage. Then the minister
asked the solemn question: "Do you mi'
take this woman whose hands you hold obl
to be your lawfully wedded wife? Do soy
you promise to love, honor and protect
her as long as you both do live?" A mi
deep, strong answer rose from the lips no
of more than fifty men, "I do." kn
Then the same question was an
swered by as many dusky brides, and
after an earnest prayer the officiating thi,
clergyman pronounced them bsland wit
and wife.-Dora E. WV. Pratt, in Lippin- 4
cott's.
The nest ConfldaP'-.
It is all very well to talk about girl B
friends, brothers, or husbands being li
the best confidantes in the world, but J
the one who is in reality the only true goc
and sincere sympathizer and listener i,
one's mother. If you own such a rare
and precious gift don't turn aside tode
pour your woes and your joys into an
other ears, for life contains no bond .e
true, nso sympathy so ready and hearty fid
as that- which binds a mother heart fact
and rou to the interests of her chil
dren. Just as soon as yo. feel averse ty,
to telling your mother all that is .in the
your heart you may rest assured that the
you are on the wrong track, and the it l
sooner you turn back to the path from
-which you have strayed the pleasanter -
w-ill be the days. the more blissfully he i
dreamless the nights.-C('hicsgo Trti a h
ane. . trieo
THEY WOULDN'T DO NOV.
s5' FIre Enagias tened by the Anelneats Lys
]nd Before the Air Cheamier Was Invented.
rag History traces the use of fire engines
Sto a very early date. The Romans cer
, tainly poesessed them, as Pliny is wit
rty frse Appollodorus, too, architect to
the Emperor Trajan, speaks of leather
8 bags with pipes attached from which
water was projected by squeezing the
bed bags. A far more advanced fire engine,
he however, was used in Egypt.
'ed Hero, of Alexandria, in a treatise on
is pneumatics. written about the year 1I5
B. C., describes a machine he calls "'the
siphon used in conflagrations." It con
sisted of two cylinders and pfistons con
as nected by c~eciprocating beam which
raised and lowered the pistons alter
ly nately. Thus, with the help of valves,
es which opened only toward the jet, the
)nS water was projected, but not in a con
er tinuous stream, as the pressure ceased
after each stroke. The air chamber had
in yet to be invented.
T'o what extent Hlero's engine was
used we do not know. It is clear that
'n- unless several were brought into ac
s- tion simultaneously such machines
o would be almost useless. As far as
the construction went, however, Hero's
"siphon" was a great success. for, with
the addition of air chamber, hoes and
improvements in details, it has become
the modern fire engine.
sr From the time of Hero to the year
rk 1618 no progress worth recording seems
to have been made, although at the
latter period we learn that at the
a- building of the city of Augsburg in
es struments for fires and water syringes
s, are mentioned.
s, In 1657 a fire engine was used at nu
5s remberg almost identical with that of
er Hero. It had a water cistern and was
S, drawn by two horses. Twenty-eight
'. men were required to work it. and it
'S. threw a jet one inch in diameter eighty
R- feet.
L: Late in the seventeenth century the
2: air chamber and hose made their ap
e- pearance. The latter, with the suc
14 tion pipe. were invented by Van der
Heide in 1670, while their use in con
ts nection with the air chamber was first
recorded by Perrault in 1684.-Inven
' tion.
GLASS BETTER THAN SILVER.
n But If Your Ware Is of the 14ttter Follow
These Directions.
Silverware is much more diflicult to
- keep in order than glassware, especial.
ly in cold weather, when it is subject,
ed to the blackening influence of the
gas from stove or furnace. The wise
e housekeeper permits no article of silver
that is not in frequefit use to remain
upon her sideboard and needlessly add
to the labor of cleansing. The best
a receptacle for unused articles of silver
C is a bag of C('anton flannel. This is
' made wide enough to accommodate
the various articles, and is stitched
s to form narrow pockets with suit
S able openings at (he top, a tape
' being attached to each side at
s the center. In these pockets the
- pieces of silver are placed, each kind by
itself; and the bag is then rolled, tied
a securely and put away in a drawer that
is entirely free from dampness. When
a certain article is wanted, a quick wip
ing with a piece of chamois will usual
- ly render it perfectly presentable.
Silver that is in daily use should he
washed with very hot suds made with
soap that contains nothing that will
scratch the polished surfaces, and
should then be well rinsed with hot,
clear water. dried quickly and thor
oughly with a soft cloth, and immedi
ately rubbed vigorously with a soft.
dry chamois. If the silver is treated
thus whenever it is washed, it will re
main bright for a long time without
polishing.-Delineator.
A Sign of Mental Activity.
"Talking to one's self is generally
considered a sign of a weak brain."
said a doctor the other day, "'but noth
ing could be a greater mistake. It is a
sign of an extremely active brain. It
may be a strong or a weak intellect,
but the activity must be there to cause.
this peculiarity. If you will observe
you will be astonished how many peo
ple you will meet on the street who
are thinking aloud. The talking is
done unconsciously. Often the people
addicted to the habit, if you caused
their attention to it. would aver that
they never were guilty of such a thing.
Some of the brightest men I have ever
known do'their thinking aloud without
knowing it, and. on the other hand,
some of the weakest individuals, men
tally, whom I have met in my practice
keep up a continuous conversation wiih
themselves. So it would seem that'a
man who talks to himself must be one
of two extremes, a wise man or a fool. "'
-Pittsburgh Dispatch.
He Could Stand It.
Mother-Miss Smithers. your school
mistress. tells me she'b always being
obliged to scold you, Johnnie. I'm so
sorry to hear that.
Johnnie (considerately)-Oh. never
mind, mother. It doesn't matter. I'm
not one of those sensitive children, you
know!-Brooklyn Life.
Labor.
Mrs. Kingley-Miss T cane
this afternoon and broght heCrk
with her.
Mris. Bingo--Indeed: ihaiti it?
iMrs. Kingley--. banjo. ]k.
DLdn't rFa One-'
BResie-Did you have anlice moon
light drive with Charlie MYlt night?
Jessie-It was lovely.-'e is such a
good all-around man.-Trith.
-One of the tributes paid to Presl
'dent Eliot in honor of his twenty-fith
anniversary as prebddint o ~-ftird
university is an officeial addiess of con
fidence and esteem adopted by the,
faculty of arts and sciences.
--It is reported, on doubtful authori.
ty, that a Philadelphia landlord raised
the rent of a house on the ground that
the walls had bulged out and so made
it larger.
-A boy doesn't become a man until ,
he is twenty-one; but we have known
a hat to become a man as soon as it * was ;
tried on -Texas Siftings.-