THE ,GAZETTE.
.*'SSA.ED EVF.RY SATURDAY
ar
ItNMP.R MOUTON. - - PROPRIETOR.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH,
katered at the Lafayette La. Post-Office as Second
Class Matter.
SATURDAY, FEB. 29, s896.
For eonator.
We are are authorized to announce that
HON. ROBEIT MARTIN
is a candidate for the State Senate from the
district composed of the parishes of Lafa.
Sette, Iberia and St. Martin.
For the Legislature.
Editor of The Lafayette Gazette:
ROYvILLE, La., Nov. 15, 1895.
SIr-You are hereby authorized to an
nounce me as a candidate for the House of
Representatives at the election of 1896. My
name subject to the Democratic white pri
maries. Very respectfully,
G. W. SCRANTON.
DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
sTATE OFFICERS;
Governor:
MURPHY J. FOSTER,
Of St. Mary.
Lieutenant Governor:
ROBT. S. SNYDER,
Of Tensas.
Secretary of State:
JOHN T. MICHEL,
Of Orleans.
State Treasurer:
A. V. FOURNET,
Of St. Martin.
State Auditor:
W. W. HEARD,
Of Union.
Attorney General:
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Of Natchitoches.
Snperintendent of Public Education:
PROF. J. V. CALHOUN,
Of Orleans.
DISTRICT OFFICERS:
Judge:
JULIAN MOUTON.
District Attorney:
MINOS T. GORDY.
PARISH OFFICERS:
Representative:
J. o. BROUSSARD.
Clerk of Court:
E. G. VOORIDIES.
Sheriff:
I. A. BROUSSARD.
Coroner:
DR. A. R. TRAHAN.
WARD OFFICERS.
First Ward-Police Juror, Alonzo Lacey;
Justice of the Peace, Conrad Brandt; Con
stable, Alex Chiasson.
Second Ward-Police Juror, Jaspcr Spell;
Justice of the Peace, Preston Hoffpauir;
Constable, Andrew Cummings.
Third Ward-Police Juror, Alfred ITebert:
Justices of the Peace, T. A. McFaddin, J.
C. Martin; Constables, L. Hirsch, Thomas
Mouton.
Fourth 1Vard-Police Juror. Octave Ther
iot: Justices of the Peace, L. A. LeBlanc, J.
R. Domer.geaux; Constables, Napoleon Me
lancon, Philias Boudreaux.
Fifth Ward--Police Juror, M. Billaud, Jr.;
Justice of the Peace, Sidney Greig; Con
stable, Alcide LeBlanc.
Sixth Ward-Police Juror, C. C. Brown;
Justices of the Peace, Frank Abadie, O. P.
Guilbeaux; Constables, Simonette Breaux,
Anatole Cormier.
Seventh WVard-Police Juror, R. C. Lan
dry; Justice of the Peace, Alex Meaux;
Constable, Eustache Comeau.
Eighth Ward-Police Juror, John Whit
tington, Jr.; Justice of the Peace, Charles
Breaux; Constable. Nunma Breaux.
The suffrage amendment is as
dead in this parish as the People's
ticket.
There was a Democratic meeting
at the Simoneaux hall, near Caren
cto, last Sunday.
Ex-Sheriff Duson of Acadia has
at last come out for Pharr. Du
son's flop will cause little surprise
and no regret.
Captain Pharr's speeches are said
to be very short. The old man is a
Christian and he believes in treating
others as he would like to be treated
himself.
Albert Delhomme, from Scott,
was in town Wednesday. He re
ports that the first ward is still in
line for the Democracy and white
supremacy. Pharr and the People's
ticket are at a discount in that old
Democratic stronghold.
Easton Duval, of the Houma
Courier, has issued a trade edition
of which he may be justly troud.
It contains a whole fund of valuable
information presented in a clear
anrd interesting style. We congrat
ulate our friend upon his success.
The Republican campaign was
opened at Lake Charles on the 25th
instant. An exchange says Candi
date Pharr's speech was rather brief.
If the captain has not improved
as a speaker since he preached pro
hibition in Lafayette, brevity Is
about the only thing which may be
said in favor of his oratory.
Governor Foster said to a Judge
reporter at Shreveport the other day
ehtt "the most prominent issue in
this campaign will be the mainten
ance of good government through
the success of the Democratic party
and the perpetuation of white su
premacy." The governor is right.
As long as the negro is a political
fqactor white supremacy will be the
mtost vital issue in every campaign.
TIE SENA T'ORJAL CONVEN
TION.
' Judge Fred L. Gates, of Iberia
parish, was nominated for senator
by the Democratic nominating con
vention held at New Iberia last Sat
urday. The delegates from this
parish carried out the instructions
of their constituents and withdrew
from the convention rather than
vote or help nominate a candidate
`t who is in favor of the adoption of
the suffrage amendment. In with
- drawing from the convention the
Lafayette delegation did just what
they were told to do by the Demo
crats of this parish who are almost
unanimously opposed to the amend
y ment. However, Judge Gates was
nominated without the eight votes
from this parish. It must be dis
tinctly understood that our dele
gaies were representing the Democ
racy of this parish and could pur
sue no other course. They went to
the convention with positive in
structions not to vote for an amend
ment man and it was their bounden
duty to do just what they did. Now,
of course, the supporters of Pharr
in this parish will have a greatleal
to say about the action of the La
fayette Democracy, in order to
create confusion in the ranks of the
party, but those discordant wind
jammers and pronounced enemies
of Democracy and white supremacy
have no business to meddle in Demo
cratic affairs. They have long since
ceased to be Democrats and they
should attend to their combines
with the Populists and Republicans.
AGAINST TIlE AMEND
ME T.
The Democrats of St. Mary par
ish held a nominating convention at
Franklin last Saturday. Hon. A.
C. Allen was nominated for judge
br acclamation. Gov. Foster's .ila
ministration and the State ticket
were enthusiastically endorsed.
The suffrage amendment was con
demned in most positive terms.
Like their brothers of Lafayette the
Democrats of St. Mary are opposed
to the amendment and are not
afraid to say so. We have yet to
see the Democratic party of a south
western parish declare in favor of
the amendment. Men who have al
ways been Democrats and whose
Democracy can not be questioned
refuse to support it. In his speech
at Shreveport the other day the
governor stated that he recognized
the fact that many good Democrats
throughout the State were con
scientiously opposed to it.
In his speech delived at Shreve
port Gov. Foster said:
Finding a surplus in the treasury
which had been accumulated
through an honest and economical
administration of my Democratic
predecessor, which surplus has
steadily increased under this ad- I
ministration, through the Board of
Liquidation a portion of this surplus
was devoted to the purchase and re
tirement of interest bearing State
bonds and the purchase and retire
ment of outstanding warrants of the I
State for the years 1885 and 1886
and past due coupons and baby
bonds. All these obligations were j
issued by the authority of the State,
and many of them were in the hands
of innocent third parties. The fol
lowing figures will show the details I
of these various transactions. Four
per cent bearing bonds retired $712,
ooo, at a cost of $690,731.57, saving
thereby in the purchase $21,268.43 i
and an annual interest of $28,480.
By a compromise with the creditors
the floating debt of the State, com
prising auditor's warrants and cou
pons, were settled and retired at the e
rate of sixty cents on the dollar for
warrants and 46.15 cents for cou
pons. ,
Under this agreement warrants of
1885 and x886 were retired to the P
amount of $315,555.=5, at a cost of
$189,333. 13; past due coupons to the d
amoutit of $346,900oo.28, at a cost of
$160,094.44. This comprises all of
the outstanding warrants and cou
pons presented. There are yet out
standing coupons amounting to
$138,898.52, which are provided for a
by setting aside $63,829.38 to meet
them, under act No. 150 of I894
authorizing the Board of Liquida
tion to lpurchase baby bonds exclu
sive of ,nterest. There have been t
retired of these bonds $265,i35.770,,
at a cost of $z50,589.99, saving by s
this transaction $214.545-71. Itn
will, therefore, be seen that the a
total indebtedness of the State has!(
been reduced $1,877,899.76 at a
cost of $Sr,254,578.55, saving to ti
the State the sum of $623,321.21 IS
and annual Interest of z582,48. 2
After the current demnands for the s,
year 1895 have been met, it can be Ii
safely stated that there will still re- a
main in the treasury of the State a
surplus of $3oo,ooo.
Electric Bitters.
Electric Bitters is a medicine suited for tl
any season, but perhaps more generallylsi
needed in the Spring, when the languid ex- L
hausted feeling prevails, when the liver is Itl
torpid and sluggish and the need of a tonic p
and alterative is felt. A prompt use of this sl
m.:dicine has often averted long and perhaps tl
fatal billious fevers. No medicine will ac p
more surely in counteracting and freeing the rt
syst.m from the malarial poison. iHeadache, a
Indigestion, Constipation. Dizziness, yield t)
to Electric Bitters. Only fifty cents at sI
W'rfl. Clegg's drug store. I
I (Special Macting.)
City Council Proceedingfs.
la LAFAYETTE, La., Feb. 24, 1896.
The City Council nmet this evening by
Dr special call.
0- Foll-sing members present: Mayor Moss; I
t_ Messrs. T. M. Biossat. O. C. Mouton, B. 1
Falk, J. O. LeBlanc, Leo Doucet and Dr.
1s J. D. Trahan. Absent: Jos. Ducote.
s The mayar stated that the council had
been called together for the purpose of re- 1
W reiving and acting upon the petition of the i
t tax-payers of the corporation for the pur- ,
pose of establishing a water-works and elec- I
te tric-lights system and such other matter as I
of the council may see fit to consider.
Following offered by O. C. Mouton. I
- ORDINANCE.
le An Ordinance ordering a special election
in accordance with act No. 126 of the acts
of the Legislature of this State for the year
D- 1882, and article o09 of the Constitution,
St whereat shall be submitted to the property
tax-payers of the incorporated town of Lafa
- yette. Louisiana, entitled to vote under the
s general election laws of said State, the ques
tion of levying a special tax at the rate of I
°s five mills on the dollar, pet annum, of the 1
assessed property therein, for a period of ten I
years, beginning with the first day of Jan- 4
C- uary 1896, for the purpose of procuring,
constructing and operating a water works and I
electric light system in said incorporated
r- town, in conformity with the petition of more I
o than one-tenth of the property tax-payers of i
said town, hereto annexed and made part
I- hereof; providing for the mode of holding
said election, making returns, etc.
Section 1. Be it ordained by the city
fl council of Lafayette, Louisiana, in legal
session convened that a special election is .
hereby ordered and shall be held in said
rr town of Lafayette, Louisiana, on Monday,
the 23d day of March, 1896, at which elec- i
tion shall be submitted to the property tax
1- payers of said town, entitled to vote under c
the general election laws of the State, the
question of levying a special tax of five mills t
e on the dollar of assessed valuation on all s
taxable property in said town annually, for I
the period of ten years, beginning with the c
's first day of January 1896, for the purpose of
procuring, constructing and operating a
Y thorough system of water works and electric t
- light plant in said town, of Lafayette Louis
e iana, according to plans and specifications t
y now in possession of this council and open to c
public inspection and made part hereof; said e
tax to be levied and collected according to t
- law and the terms of the ordinance; said t
election being ordered upon the following 1
petition signed by more than one-tenth of a
the property tax-payers of said town of Lafa- F
yette, to-wit:
To the Ilonorable Mlayor of the City Coun- a
it l of Lafayette, La: V
We the undersigned constituting more than
one-tenth of the property tax-payers of the
e incorporated town of Lafayette, Louisiana,
belie'ring that a water supply and means of
lightitig our towni and streets are urgent pub
lie necessities, and understanding the es
tablished rate of taxation to be unsufficient
to obtain these benefits, hereby petition you
as the governing body of said town, to levy
and collect an increased rate of taxation of
five mills annually for a term of ten years be
e ginning A. D. 1896, on every dollar of
d assessed value of property in said town, for c
the purpose of procuring, constructing and
t operating a water works and electric light t
D system therein; they therefore further peti
tion, that as required by act No. 126 of the
acts of the Legislature of this State for the
f year 1882 and article 209 of the Constitution,
a special election be ordered by your Hon
orable body, and that you thereat submit to
e the property tax-payers of said town, the C
said proposed increased rate of taxation ii
herein petitioned for and the purpose for 1:
which it is intended, and that at said elec- a
tion ballots be used, printed or written, in s
e form as follows: p
For the special tax of five mills for the n
term of ten years hbcinning A. I).
Si 96 for the purpose of procuring, construct- 1i
ing and operating a water works and electric i
light system rn et forth in pet:tion of prop- r
erty tax-payers. ti
Against the special t::x of five mills for the a
term of ten years beginning A. 1). 1
IS96, for the purpose of procuring construct- ti
ing and operating a water works and electric
y light system. h
And otherwise that same be con:lducted un- tl
der said act of the Legislature No. 126 of o
ISS2 and article 209 of the Constitution of p
this State. st
S [Sgncd.l Louis Lacoste. T. M. :iossat,. . A. n
Manrtin I. A. Delolntnr. L . Ii. Psarkerson. . C(;.
PnAthrson. Victor Levy. L. F. ltgues. I. Vane1ler riff,
f Phil Crottchet. John ). MI lton, a. Ptl l)c nanade.
Alex I )el1;ct.toUsyel. Cus LIacoste. S. R. Prkersultli a
L. F. Salle.. It. Fall. Robert ic:a. ard, 'altr J
.Mouton. C:o. A. 1)cab!a, cJ. E. Trahan. A. 1). 1Mat
t-ill Johl ,'icla . a lis. Albert )rselahor ssave . Icvi. r ti
I1 . . toh1,rht, 1T. I toumtn. C';u E.,rrd. 1i. a.
ludd, Jo.. A. ChTargois. Alfred licbt. C:. 1usted.
Sr.. E.t. . ltlide.os. I)t1otc. s t;.Trha. A. . as
tin, Alfred A. ilonnetl.. S. Iio-anrd. FI. Iombard,
Leon Phlosk5-. Horace F'oreman. A. P'ec!;, . atitel.
SJ. 1) 'rahete, 1. N. Satterfield \Vrt. Catnpbll, b,
Arthur Cotyret. A. ltrschi. W. It. ailey. \Vl . Ca eI .
I. A. lBroassa;rd. J. Arlf Aloutoa A. Degrer. Pierre t
(;ucherlent. Atrthlur llolut. A.J. lIoss. N. P. .t,.. S
James Ha.nnen, Mrs.A C. Young. F.. louto.
Chas. (o. iftston. Sidnety louton. eo. i)ourcet.
Leo Doucet. Albert I)oucet, F. R. Tolson. L. Lsy. ti
F. D).manad. R. C. Craig. .SI. Mlartin, tulian I)
Mouton. Aug V. Labbe,. C.hrs. D. Caffery. H. 51,1.
leaiud. Janes Higgionbotht m F. C. hriay. John Hahn.
Baxter Clegg. F. e. ;irard. C. It. Iustead. A. T.
Caillouet, Louis Chopin. Athtir Hebert. Theodore
Gi ichard..J. Tanner. J. W. Ilrosna. Jr. S. U. t c
(;ill, Fred :loutonl. Thos. It. Iopkins, \f. D.. A. E. -
- HutonJ.J. Davidson. H. Church. C. K. Darling.
Cau-. Schnltlentl D). V. CGardebled. Sidlney J. anze,-.
SA. I.. lltPrg. Fi. V. Thompson. L. Otto, N. E. lottrg.
H. D. Eigelman. ith. liller.
LAI.FAYIfTTE, LA., Feb. 17, 1896. A
laving carefully examlined the foregoing
petition by tax-payers of the corporation of
Lafayette, La., as at present constituted to
Sthe City Council thereof, and having also
examinetd thle assessment roll for tie year
s59 to anscertain the relative number and
amount of the assessment, of said petitioners, in
antd tax-payers, I hereby certify that said le
petitioners constitute more than one tenth of
the entire number of tax-payers of said cor
poration as at present constituted, both in
Svalue and number. Cl
Given uintoer smy oficial signature on the r
Cday ant sate first above written.
Signed: N. REAItYX,
Parish Assessor Lafayette Parish. p1
Section 2. le it further ordained by said c
City Cotunacil of Lafayette, I.a., that said
election shall Ibe held under the general C
election la-s orf the State of Lotnisiana, an vl
at the polling place stablished in saitl town,
and the ballots to be usest at said election t
shall be printed or written iof the form set
forth in the said annexed petition to this
Council. di
Section 3. Be it further ordained etc.,
that the Board of Supervisors of Election for
the parish of Lafayette are hereby author- tt
iced to appoint comtnnissioners and clerks to le
serve at said ponlling ilacc; to give due
notice of suidi aplpointment and of the time le
anti place of holding said election, and to 1
make returns of said election to the City
Council anti according to law.
Section 4. b c tt further ordained, etc.,
I that tine assessor of the parish of Lafayette
Sshall furnish to the commissioners of election
as herein before auttlorizetd, a complete list 1
of the tax-payters with amount of their as
sessments, respectively in the incorpsorated S'
limits of sail town, duly certifie: anld shall
also furnish a dutly certified list of the elcc
tors of said town to the commissioners of
electionl. L
Section 5. Be it further ordained, etc., nf
that the conmmissioners of election shall re
ceive the ballots of all property-tax payers of
tine towin of Lafayette, entitled to vote at
said election under tihe laws of the State of di
Lousiana, and before depositing the same in pi
the ballot box shall endorse thereon ill the n
presence of the elector, unless tine ballot
shall have been so endorsed; the name of
the voter and the amount of his assessed qi
property; and said commissioners shall make le
returns of the number of votes, and the hi
amounts of the assessed value of the proper- p
ty v,ted for and against the levy of said
special tax.
i Section 6. Bc it further ordailned by the Y`
said City Council of Lafayette, that this
ordinance and the said petition of tax-payers
be published in The Lafayette Gazette and
the Lafayette Advertiser, official journals
I of said tdwn, for twenty clear days prior to
sid election, in the same manner provided
by law for judicial advertisements, and that
I. this ordinance shall take effct from and
after its passage.
Section 7. Be it further enacted, that in
I addition to the announcement of said elec
tion to be ma4e by the board of supervisors
e of election of said parish. and the publics.
tion of this ordinance, the mayor of said
town is hereby authorized to issue his proc
a lamation calling said special election and
stating the rate of the proposed increased
taxation and the purpose for which it is in
tended, according to the terms of this ordi
nance. A. J. Moss, Mayor.
s B. CLEGG, Secretary.
r ORDINANCE.
An Ordinance granting the privilege or
f right of way, through, under and along
the streets of the city of Lafayette,
e Parish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana.
Section s. Be it ordained by the City
f Council of the town of Lafayette, that the
e right of way be and is hereby granted to the
a Great Southern Telephone and Telegraph
Company, a corporation duly chartered and
organized, its agents, transferers, representa
I tives, successors or assigns, through, above,
I under and along the streets and public
thoroughfares of the city of Lafayette, Par
f ish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana, from
t and after the passage of this ordinance.
I Section 2. That the said Great South
ern Telephone and Telegraph Company, its
r agents, transferers, representatives, succes
I sors or assigns and the same are hereby au
5 thorized to erect, construct and maintain
I such lines of Telephone and Telegraph as
they may require for the purpose of convey
ing electricity and carrying on their busi
ness within, to and from the limits of the
city.
Section 3. That the poles be erected for
the purpose of construction and maintaining
I such lines of telephone and telegraph shall
be erected within the curving of the ban
quette along the streets of Lafayette, and
that the poles to be at least thirty feet high
t and the wires not less than twenty feet from
the ground.
Section 4. That it shall be the right of
the municipal authorities to order any
changes, or alterations in the manner of
erecting and maintenance of said lines of
telephone and telegraph, and that it shall be
the duty of the said Great Southern and
Telegraph Company to make any changes
and alterations at its own expense that the
proper municipal authorities shall deem ne
cessary for the public safety, convenience
and utility. All such cnanges to be made
within sixty days from date of official notifi
cation to the said company.
Section 5. This privilege or right of way
is granted for a period of twenty-five years,
provided, that in case the Great Southern
Telephone & Telegraph Company establish
a telephone exchange within the corporation
of Lafayette, place two public boxes of tele
phore in the town of Lafayette, principally
for the use of the police offi :ers and one box
at the mayor's office.
Votes. Yeas:-Dr. J. D. Trahan, O. C.
Mouton, T. M. Biossat, B. Falk, Leo Dou
cet, J. O. LeBlanc: Nays:-None.
Following Ordinance relative to obstruc
tion of side walks and streets offered by U.
C. Mouton.
ORDINANCE.
"An Ordinance prohibiting the obstruction
of sidewalks, streets or other public
passage ways within the corporation."
Section I. Be it ordained by the City
Council of Lafayette, that from and after
the passage of this ordinance, it shall be un
lawful for any and all persons to congregate
and obstruct the free passage of the side
walks or streets within the limits of the cor
poration, or obstruct the same in any other
manlier.
Section 2. Be it further ordanined, etc., 4
that it shall be unlawful for all persons hav
ing no business relative to the service of the
railroads to congregate at any railroad sta- I
tion on the arrival and before the departure
of all passenger trains and obstruct the free
l.assage way to and from said trains, within t
the corporate limits of this corporation.
Section 3. Be it ordained, etc., that it is
hereby made the duty of the police officers of
this municipality to clear all such unlawful
obstructions, and any person failing to com
ply with the orders of said police officers,
shall be arrested and brought before the
mayor for trial, and on being found guilty
will be fined not exceeding ten dollars or
imprisoned not exceeding ten days, or both,
at the discretion of the mayor.
Section 4. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that this ordinance shall take effect from
and after its passage. C
Unanimously carried.
Moved by T. M. Biossat, seconded by B.
Falk, that a committee of three bhe appointed
by the mayor (including himself) to secure
the most public place for the public police
telephone box at the depot. r
The mayor appointed to serve in connec
tion with himself the following gentlemen:
Dr. J. D. Trahan and O. C. Mouton. t
The Council then adjourned.
A. J. Moss, Mayor.
nBAXTER CLEGG, Secretary.
Partie Francaise.
Aux Denlocrates de la Paroisse
Lafayette.
LAFAYETTE, LA., Fev. 25, 1896.
Les d1Clgues choisis it l'assem
blnec gendrale ddmocratique tenue it
la maison de cour de cette paroisse c
le 2 x courant, pour vous representer
it la convention s~natoriale demo
cratique t la Nile. Ibnrie le 22 cou
rant, afin de choisir un candidat du
parti pour senateur devant- le peu
ple A la prochaine &lection genlrale,
considurant ce qui se passa it
cette convention et particulibrement 1
vt l'action prise par votre ddlhga
tion it cette convention et croyant c
que leurs constituents doivent savoir
de quelle manic±re cette ditte d61I
gation - rempli et suivi les instruc
tions reques it l'assembled generale,
les dits ddlgus s ont appoint
les membres sous signds cornm
me un comith special charge de
faire un rapport de la position prise
par votre dldgation.
A l'assemblde dans laquelle la dd
1lgation fut choisie les resolutions
suivantes furent adoptdes :
Il est rdsolu, que nous, reprnsen
tant la democratie de la paroisse
Lafayette rnunie en assemblte g6
ndrale, sommes inatnrablement op
poses a l'adoption de I'amendement a
constituttionel sur la qualification du t
droit de suffrage et nous faisons ap- i
pel it tous les bons Dumocrates de t
nous aider a combattre cet amende- t
ment it l'lcction d'avril, 1895, et *
que par consdquent nous instruisons
les ddlguds choisis a cette assem- r
blde DE NE PAS VOTER POUR AUCUNE 5
PERSONNE comme etant Xe choix
pour s~nateur, si cette personne
:-'r'TPr.A oppcSr6 t cCt amendement. i
Qu'il soit resolu de plus, que nous
sommes en faveur du frappage ilbre
et illimite de l'argent au ,tux de
x6 pour z, independemment et sans
le concours d'aucune nation etran
gbre, et nous instruisons positive
ment nos de-1gu~s choisis aujour
d'hui de ne pas voter pour qui que
se soit qui ne serait pas en
faveur de ce principe et, de
plus qu'il vote pour un sdnateur
des Etats-Unis en faveur du frap
page libre et illimit6 de l'argent au
taux de x6 pour z, libre et ind6dem
ment d'autres nations.
Considerant avec raison ces reso
lutions ci-dessus comme positives et
obligatoires, votre delegation dans
les mains de laquelle votre confiance
etait donnde, voyant avant tout le ca
ractbre sacrd de sa.mission, dCtermina
que son premier et seul devoir Ctait
de reznplir fiddlement vos instruc
tion laissant toute autre considera
tion .part.
La suite, en omettant les details,
et un resume exact de ce qui arriva:
De trente-et-un dledgues choisis
pour representer la paroisse vingt
huit Ctait presents.
L'organization -permanente de la
convention Ctant faite, le juge Fred
L Gates d'Iberie et l'honorable Jas.
Simon de St. Martin'furent presen
tes pour la nomination.
Plusieurs ballotages ayant ete pris
et sans le resultat d'une nomination,
le nom de M. Simon fut retire.
Le quatribme tour de scrutin etant
ordonnu et le juge Gates, un des
plus forts adherents a l'amendement
sur le suffrage, etant le SEUL CANDI
DAT pour la nomination, le presi
dent de la delegation de Lafayette
expliqua & la convention qu'etant
instruit DE NE PAS VOTER POUR QUI
QUE CE SOIT FAVORISANT L'AMENDE
MENT et sachant que le juge Gates
le favorisait, d'apr s nos instruc
tions nous etions obliges de nous
retirer, le rdsultat etait qu'il laisse
rait aux democrates pleine libert6
de voter comme ils le penseraient
convenable, et nous.,nous retirames
de la convention.
Des six deleguds de la paroisse
St. Martin deux d'entre eux quoique
n'ayant pas et6 instruits comme vo
tre delegation l'avait ete, compre
nant et exprimant les sentiments de
leurs concitoyens, se rctirerent aussi
de la convention.
Comme nous I'avions apprehends
nous avons appris que ceux qui res
thrent a la convention, ont nommb
le juge Gates comme senateur apr.s
que nous nous etions retires.
C'est ainsi que nous avons agi et
nous vous soumettons ce rapport afin
que vous puissiez juger de quelle
maniere nous avons execute vos
instructions. Respectueusement,
ORTHER C. MOUTON,
A. M. MNARTIN,
Joser'it D ucorE.
Un Pcu Drole.
MONSIEUR L'EDITEUR-Une sim
ple question.
Etiez-vous & Mauriceville diman
che passe.
Si non, permettez-moi de racon
ter quelques details.
On rapporte que quelquecs "Kro
nik kickers" 6taient all6s a Maurice
ville ce jour-lit et se trouvant parmi
une foule assez nombreusa l'idee
vint a quelqu'un d'entre-eux de
faire de la politique, des discours.
L'on pouvait remarquer parmi l'as
semblee, le docteur Scranton, candi
dat pour representant de la paroisse
Lafayette et bicn connu dans le
Vermillion (tout de fois je ne crois
pas qu'il en soit de meme ici) Le
docteur Guidry et I'honorable Al
bert Chargois, candidat pour avo
cat de district (celui-ci bien connu
de nous tous).
Mais, pour en revenir i nos mou
tons, l'on raconte que le docteur
Scranton d6sirant faire impression
sur les constituents d'une paroisse
voisine, declama une diatribe achar
nue contre le gouverneur Foster,
I'honorable Julien Mouton et autres.
II est vraiment regrettable que M.
Scranton, etant candidat democrate,
attaque son propre parti dans les
personnes ou candidats choisis - la
convention de Shreveport et aux
primaires du 54 decembre. Je ne
puis comprendre comment M. Scran
ton peut esp6rer d'avoir la ma
jorit6 des voix d6mocratiques
aux elections d'avril considerant
qu'il se montre des plus oppos6s au
choix de notre bon vieux parti.
Convenons-en, monsieur l'.diteur,
cela sent un pen le (Pharr)
JACK LA FAIENCE.
Marvelous Results.
From a letter written by Rev. J. Gunder
man, of Dimondale, Mich., we are permitted
to make this extract: "*I have no hesitation
in recommending Dr. King's New l)iscov
cry, as the results were almost marvelous in
the case of my wife. While I was pastor of
the Baptist Church at Rivers Junction she
was brought down with Pneumonia succeed
ing La Grippe. Terrible paroxysms of
coughing would last hours with little inter
ruption and it seemed as if she could not
survive them. A friend recommended Dr.
King's New Discovery; it was quick in its
work and highly satisfactorily in results.
Trial bottles free at Wm. Llegg's drugstore.
Regular size Soc. and $x.oo
i tALL ON LEON PLONSKY
: - :you need"M
RY GOODS
I`Hats, Millinery
and Clothing. "
A. Chefer,
-DEALER IN
Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooring, Doors, Blinsd, Bricks, Firebricks,
a
d Pittsburg Coal and Charcoal. Send for estimates.
Carencro, La
S HOLD UP!
All the Latest Styles in
tISpry GoodLa
s .Clothinsg,
Furnishing a~--od _
t
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
LLEVY-'.
Furniture and Stoves.
SBeing Always Anxious
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COIPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK OF
And is Now Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest MIillinery Goods.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Culth,tors, Disc Harrow Leaver
lHarow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets. LAPAYETTI. LA.
DRUGS
FINE GROCERIES,
Fine Table and Hardware
- AT -
CLEGG' SOUTIWES o CORNER ....
COURT.IIOUSE SQUARE.
- DO YOU KNOW THAT..
B. FALAK
Has the Best Assorted Store inl Tovn ?
A Visit There Will Convince You of this Fact.
GENTS'= CLOTHING
Has been selected with a perfect knowledge
Of the people's wants and tastes!
The Line of Ladies'Dress Goods
O A IS SIMPLY ELEGANTP.
GOODS AL OF TIHE LATEST STYLES AIND SOLD AT THNE
VERY - LOWEST - PRICES.