,a ve thousao ds f e us
s ect a'.TheX ode is nothting nowI
, S esuch as Ldi5Sgreeable mat
- hars thosds of cases of
bleaevery year. It-can be
in opiw of the home
.ad ei eotive. As your drug
Se 's lWine a of CarduLs w
As' La e.-Tere iso nothing now e
Sg hp e .,as Bass remarked
his wife' mother took her departure.
o fxonemwAv, Mo., Aug. 17,18 o.
TaiPn o od's istle o in
Gentlemen:n es em .
and spit blood until mae usband was
alar med about me. I told hBim to to the
ogeg store and get me a bottle of Piso's
Cre fora Consumprtion. e did so, ande by
the time I had taken its contents accord ing
to directions eI was very much better. He
cured me.
out Pso's Cure for Consumption. My hus
band is subject to a cough every winter,
and be says nothing (mud he has every
couah mdsitinei on the maret) helps him
Diowme publise h e above if you so dae
Very truly yours,
-ios. DL.L. Lev.
Tmn world is God's epistle to mankind
His thoughts are flashing upon us frome
every direction-Plato.
w"heo Wrinkles seam the tBrew,
And the lockl 'grow scant and silvery, in
rmities of ag come on apce. To retard
and ameliorate these is one of thobenign e
fects of HIostetter's Stomch Bitters, a med
icine to which the aged and infirm can re
sort as asa safe solace and n orant. It
neuralgia, improves digestion, rectifes bil
iousness and overcomes malaria. A ivine
glass before retiring promotes slumber.
Ta saddest-thingst in life aremen without
manhood, women without womanhood and
bara. ____
hoodenit's araparl
DoN'T Nglect a Cough. Tke Some Halo's
Honey of Horehound and Tar instanter.
Pike's Toothache Drops are in one mrnute.
Scrofula from Infancy
Troubled my daughter. At times her
head would be covered with scabs and
running sores. We were afraid she would
become b lind.
We had to keep
her in aodark room.
We began to give ar
her Hood's Sarsa th wos
pario oand soon we
saw that she was better in every respect.
The sores have now all healed. I had a
severe attack of the grip, was loft in bad
aondition with muscular rheumatism and
lumbago. Since taking
Hood's Sarsaparild a
I am hal right and can walk around
out doors without the aid of crutches."
W. H. A ptnar, Albion, Indiana.
Hood's Pills cure all liver ills. 25c.
The Greatest i edical- Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
ind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed exceptin two cases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over tvo hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When The lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the labei.
If the stomach is foul or bilious It will
cause squeamish feeligs at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
sthe best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all EDruggi .tg.
t h logi y is te n
1 tmake of it; the
--o isof--the use
k of it. TheI spal
SPatent
the :sHook and 
T W@R.IC
~b~veil.
prl onsrnw0 c
THE ThiucIK Fh`ARMiL
* In taktingfr my subject, marketing
the prodRuts of the early truck farm. I
;would first suggest that a proper
diversifyjbg of crops is of the utmost
importance, that shipments may be
made in carload lots by fast freight.
instead of relying upon the express
companies to move the crop. It is only
for extra early goods .to be moved by
express, while fancy prices are to be
obtained, and which can not be main
tained long, and are not to be relied
upon for contimtedshipments. 'there
fore, it is. advisable that every com
mnnity of truck farmers organize for
the purpose of shipping to the north
ern markets their products in car
load lots. Where it is impossible to
make up a carload of any one line of
vegetable, let the planting of such
vegetables mature in the same season
be grown in such proportions as-will
readsily snake up a carload of mixed
vegetable. In this way, the minimum
allowed by the railroad company on
what they will ship out at carload
rates can be reachedby presenting the
matter properly to the railroad com
pany, the minimum can be rednued to
one-half for first shipments of a 10,000
pound rate to start the first ship
ments on, and charge by the hundred
pounds for the excess loaded above
the 10,000 pounds at car rates. Of
course, you are charged with 10,000
pounds, even should the goods loaded
be only one-half that amount, so that
where you only have, say, 5,000 pounds
of wax beans to go out in a single
day, have 1,000or 2,000 pounds of early
squash and the same of cucum
bers, a few hundred pounds
of strawberries and a thousand
pounds of radishes or early sweet corn.
Later in the season, you can increase
the tonnage with tomatoes, canta
loupes and, lastly, watermelons. By
keeping in line your assorted products,
and have unloaded in good condition,
at from one-third to one-half cent per
pound for transportion, gives a wide
margin on expressed goods, that de
liver at from two to three cents per
pound for transportation. There are
the coarse and heavy goods, such as
watermelons, squash and Irish pota
toes, that can be used to help make a
profit on beans, peas and strawberries,
while the one might not more than pay
freight, they have got your paying
goods in for a profit to you of two and
three cents per pound, where the man
shipping against you, by express, will
not get paid more than the cost of
baskets, boxes, etc.
Transportation-In connection with
the truck farming industry will come
into use the canning factory, the vine
gar and pickling packeries and the
melon cider as the last resort for the
later products of the truck farmer, so
that the avenues of our resources for
truck farming will lay with the ex
press companies, the freight lines of
mixed cars, then straight car lots, until
they are no longer profitable, when the
evaporators and canneries take up the
remainder of the crop. When organi
zations can be formed and run through
on these lines, then will truck farming
in the south begin to assume the pro
portions her natural advantages have
given her to feed those in the colder
regions for months in advance of their
own growth.
Now, the next question that con
fronts the truck farmer is. who to en
trust with his goods? His name has
gone out to commnission men, and he is
flooded with solicitations for consign
ments, giving highest market quota
tions on all kinds of vegetables that
are then on the market. If you know
of one good, reliable commission mer
chant, ship to him, with instructions
to wire you when the market is going
to pieces with excessive arrivals of
goods in your line. Iteware of com
mission merchants that are slow in
making you returns-it is always a
bad omen. It is not necessary, in mak
ing up a carload from different ship
pers, that they should be consigned to
one house. Each shipper can use his
house's stencil and notify them
of the shipment lie makes; al
though it is better that they
all go to one house, thereby avoiding
the competition on the same line of
goods. Where you diversify your ship
ments on consignments to different
houses in the same city, you are set
ting up a competition on your own
gonds, in which you are the greatest
sufferer.
It is a good plan to have a telegraph
ing code in use in an association, where
a whole message is conveyed by a
single word. F'orty and fifty-word
messages in that way are conveyed at
the cost of a ten-word message. The
seasons are so short in which a profit
exists for long-distance shlipments, that
the wires have to be used ,freely to
avoid losses by getting into a glutted
market.
Another mattel sahould be borne in
mind, to make your first shipments
fully up to the standard in quality of
your output forx the season. Try to
establish a reputation on your brand
as being first-class in every particular,
and your goods will be sold on arrival.
Notify your house by night wire on
the departure of every carload, giving
contents and number and initial of
car, that your merchant can be ready
to place your goods on arrival. Where
straight carloads of watermelons are
wanted, have a price for your goods,
f. o. b. on track, by the ton, or by the
hundred, stating average weight of
melons. Where purchaser is unknown
to you, and a price has been agreed
upon, with authority to draw through
bank, ship your car on shipper's orderi
with bill of lading attached to draft,
with privilege of examining goods.
Then, if they are refused, your goods
are subject to your orders,and they are
not thrown on a bad market, but can
be ordered to some good house that
you may be in correspondence within
that city, or the next one. There are
commission houses that change their
firms from the name of an individual
and company one year, and the next
year come out as the city produce com
pany, 1nd still claim to be of long
standing, and give a long list of ref
ences wheln, in fact, their principal
stock is cheek, a brass stencil and a
showy letterhead. There are, prob
ably, more fraudulent commission men
soliciting a share of your busine'ss
thban in any other line of business.
You will even find, after your goods
.have been ireeeived, that you are noti
bed by wire or otherwise that your
goods have ?been received and you
should continue shippiog; that they
are golir ti~ n make ou some money,
" thba ) r retur) thaet the elaket
1~~Iri-mmww
:bflsat of tha ppiig memda, and es •
you, aproareh the aa. of the season.
Stmy'adyllo isý to sell at' some priee .on
the trek, and on a bank's or.4r,
r otherwise can, evaporate and fed the t
residue of your 'crop. I have found
I that to issue a circular letter the last
of. the- season, offering' to selt' goodsm
on the track, f. b., at gl greatly re
dueed figure, will bring you buyers.
especially in watermelons and canta'.
loupea ..
One thing growers should remembers t
That in - offering their goods for ship. t
ment, either by freight or express,
that the frpightlias to be guaranteed,
A nnd to lose your labor, boxes-,and
goods, and then have a freight bill to
pay on refused goods, is not what
makes truck farming pay. It may
ook L Hke business the day you are
shipping out; but the business end of
it is when you get your checks. Re
Sinember that the quality of your ship
niments may not be the same every year.
1 An extremely wet season on your
ripening crop will diminish the flavor
a and sweetness below that of ripening
in a- drier season. Especially is this
1 true of watermelons and cantalopes.
Excessive rains on a ripening crop of
these starts a growth in the melon
that does not give a uniform ripening
throughout."
The truck farmer of to-day does not
realise the extent to which this line of
e farming is destined to be carried. The -
U pioneers have much to contend with.
Railroad companies, ever on-thealert
to make immediate and semi-asunual
dividends to stockholders, are seeking
Sthe trafe ,from north to south of
manufactured products. They will
haul a carload of cotton ties from
Pittsburgh south for one dollar, and I
run ears back empty to get another
dollfr's freight. lBut when the truck 1
farmer offers to fill that empty car re
turning, he is charged two dollars, or
double the rate on cotton ties. All of
Sthis will have to be changed before
truck farming can reach its full share
of merited success. When track farm
ers organize and concentrate their 1
shipments, so as to have special trains
leave Texas. with a distribution to oc
r cur from cold storage houses in the
largest commercial centers north, then
such truck farmers can prevent in- 1
ferior goods, put up in bad shape, from
being shipped out. This must be done
through a system of packing-houses,
T where goods should be inspected be- c
r fore being admitted to loading; for
with the opening of said goods, the
buyer always classes the whole of it
by the most inferior goods in sight.
To open one bad box at first means all
bad, and the good shipper is sacrificed
I by his more careless or inexperienced
e neighbor.-E. Crew, in Texas Farm
and Ranch.
8 Swine In the Southwest.
The growth of the swine industry in
regions where alfalfa is successful is
r remarkable. In numerous of the val
leys of New Mexico swine husbandry
1 is becoming a leading industry, being C
wholly sustained by alfalfa. A corre
e spondent who has been visiting there t
Swrites us that the hog farming is now
looked upon as the best paying indus
try. Many ranchers raise swine ex
elusively, and turn their hogs from the
alfalfa pastures directly on the market
without feeding a mouthful.of grain.
He says, however, that the more ap
proved plan is to give the hogs the
range of the small grain fields for a
few weeks after harvest before mar
keting them, as the barley and other
gs rain they are enabled to glean hardens
up the flesh and improves their qual- *
ity considerably. The fruit-raisers 6
are said to look with longing eyes on
their neighbors, the pig raisers. Our
correspondent says that much of the d
New Mexico and Arizona stock is t
shipped to California. The shippers r
were paying when i e wrote 64.10 per -
hundred, and paid 6125 per car freight
to San Francisco. The territory caps. a
ble of growing alfalfa in New Mexico n
and Arizona is limited, but Kansas, I
Colorado and portions of Nebraska f
can be made to grow alfalfa success- I
fully, and there may be used in con
Junction with corn in producing pork I
at an expense which will put them in v
close rivalry with Illinois and Iowa as il
hog producers. One decided advan- t
tage the more southern regions have S
in raising hogs is the climate which
permits of farrowing at any season of ii
the year without danger to the young a
stock, and having green feed con. v
stantly on hand.-Western Swinchead. t
HERE AND THERE.
-Two pounds of cotton-seed meal in b
one day is a furll ration for a Jersey i'
cow. It should not be increased be- n
yond this.
-M-any a stockman, meaning well
for his herd, has spent much mnoney in
building a hog-house whic~ proves a
more successful breeding place for dis- C
ease than for pigs.
-Sheep growers will find it a good t
rule to retain about 10 per cent. of the '
best ewe lambs and to sell tlmt pro- a
portion of the oldest sheep each year. o
This keeps up the infusion of young
blood, and steadily enhanses the value
of the flock.
-It it be thought profitable to kec '
over the late fall litters of pigs, they
may be made ready for roasting at
Christmas, and they will bring good
prices in most of our larger villages,
as good as the shoats would bring in P
the spring.
-Prof. Henry says that those who
feed corn and cob meal almost without
exception are pleased with it. lie
says he is sure that corn and cob .meal o
would come into very general use
were it not for the difliculties of re
during the cob to the proper degree ol
fineness for feeding. b
-If you wish to prosper get into the
farmers' endless circle as soon as you
can. Here it is: etter feeding, fol- h
lowed by better manaauring, followed '
by better crop, which makes possible a
still better feeding and more stock,
followed by still heavier manuring a
sad still larger crops, and so on.
f-ormes doing ordinary work drink h
from seven to nthe gallons of water as
day, oxen neaxdy e much, but oows
warmly hon 'a d,-ply milked re.
quire more. wr.v j ..icuus to animal
health is o-ga o flth dissolved or sus
pended in the c and cattle should
havenone but tt i"esh.st snd purest. a
-There are y plenty of farmers o
who are skeptical erits of
well-bred pigs. ig a
hog, and that is al I bout it; "
and they argue th aty of ,
corn one will make f again .
and as good porlk dme rl a ,
majorlt or casee a 4 .a
S . era- y W-Forld asks-a place
- etos fibaterAbby, for a tablet to
- Mrs. BrownlagleaIlling her "the great'
eat woeman poet of all the ages."
-(aCiles D. Rose,the sew Ameriea's
cup challenger, is remembered i.-Mon
treal, where he once lived, asa ne of
the best runners of his time. He ran
some iloie' rcos with the late C. D.
Armstrong, .who had no rival in Cana
da at the time, and he was also a goos
aile runner.
--The Burns Federation: Execuntive
council met at Dundee recently, when
the opinion was expressed that unless
the aetive co-operation of the corpora
tion of Glasgow was secared the pro
posal to hold an exhibition in celebra
tion of the centenary of. the poet's
death could not be carried through.
-The princess of Wales was per
suaded, at the time when "Books of
Confession" lay upon every other draw
ing-room table in the county of Nor
folk, to give her mental photograph.
And she confessed her favorite dish
was "Yorkshire pudding," her favorite
art "millinery" and her favorite occu
pation "minding my own business."
-Mr. Depew is an artist in cigar
smoking. Note his directions: "First
clip the end of your cigar; don't bite it
oft. Then, taking the cut end, blow
sharply through the cigar, thus ex
pelling all the dust. It is understood
there is tobacco dust enough in the
average cigar to rot the lungs of an
ordinary man in a few years. Light
evenly, and there you are."
-At one of Sir Henry Parkes' meet
ings in Sydney during the recent gen
eral election a man in the hall created
a n disturbance by making frequent in
1 terjections.- After standing the dis
turbances for some time the veteran
Spolitician told his interrupter if he
would come on the platform he would
box his ears for his impertinence, old
man as he was. 'The meeting applaud
r ed very heartily.
-The young gentleman whom Miss
_ Consuelo Vanderbilt is to marry goes
° by the entire name of Charles Richard
- John Spencer Chirchill, duke of Marl
r borough, marquis of Blandford, earl of
Sunderland, earl of Marlborough, Ba
ron Spencer of Wormleighton and Ba
ron Churchill of fandridge, all in En
gland, prince of the holy Roman em
pire, prince of Mindelheim in Swabia
and lieutenant in the Oxfordshire hus
sara.
--Gregory Pollotk, a Nihilist, re
-ently arrived in this country- from
r Siberia, where he 'has been in prison
a three years. He says he has suffered
I untold tortures i} Siberia, where he
was sent by the Rudsian government
for participating In Dihilistic agita
tions. Pollock is atall, strapping man,
with broad shoulders, powerful arms
and fists. His lead is square and
massive. A long. black beard hangs
over his chest. ILis features are large
and full oftcharacter, and his eyes are
expressive.
S-"Tom" Ochiltree is fond of telling
stories about his ocean trips, but one
of his best is of comparatively recent
origin. le says: "I was coming across,
and a very good sort of Britisher used
to sit with me in the smoking-room. I
tried all Ity best jokes on him, and he
never cra ked a smile. At last I got
angry, aid said: 'I don't think an Eun
glishman could see a joke if you fired
it at him out of a gun.' And then that
blessed Englishman stood up on his
hind legs and said: 'Ilow can you fire
a joke out of a gun?"'
HUMOROUS.
r -
 -M-a a woman who screams at
sight on-a mouse, can look at a sur
geon's knife and set her teeth.-Ram's
Horn.
--Tit for Tat--"You say that the
° desperadoes came in and cleaned out
the town?" "Yes; and now the town
s people are out scouring the country."
r -Indianapolis Journal.
t -Magistrate-"You will be bound
over to keep the peace toward all her
o majesty's subjects for six months."
IBill Sykes-"Well, 'evin 'elp the fast
a furriner as I come acrossi"-Pick-Me
Up.
Sub--"IIere's a letter from 'Anxious
c Subscriber.' " Chief-"What does he
want to know?" Sub-"He wants to
a know how long a man would live if
- there were no such thing as death."
e Spare Moments.
-Speculator-"Is there any money
f in inventions?'" Manufacturer-"Not
r as much as there used to be. The in
ventors are getting so smart now that
they actually demand a share of tile
profits."-Brooklyn Eagle.
--"I've called, Mr. Barker, about my
bill." "I'm glad to see you. I was
just writing you a note." "But I can't
negotiate your notes, 1Mr. Baker, I'd
prefer a check." "You'd have a harder
1time negotiating that."-Harper's
iUazar.
-"I wish we were rich, John, and
could do something for the world,"
Mirs. B3. remnarked half devoutly, half
Impatiently. "But, my dear," he re
plied, "we can do good in a quiet way
now." "Yes; but no one will ever hear
of it "-Chicago Times-Herald.
-Tailor-"When you delivered Mr.
Slowboy's suit did you call his atten
tion to the fact that it was there when
promised?" Boy-"Yes, sir." Tailor
'Wlhat did he say?" Boy-"He said he
felt he never could repay you for what
you had done for him."-N. Y. Sun.
-Mother-"Ella, you have been
playing all the afternoon with these
toy soldiers. That's not a proper
amusement for a big girl like you."
Daughter-"hunt, mamma, I am not
playing with the soldiers. I picked
out the otfficers and played with them."
-Texas Siftings.
-Judge B. fell down a flight of
stairs, recording his passage in a
bump on every stair until he reached
the bottom. A servant ran to his as
sistance, and, raising him up, said: "1I
hope your honor is not htit?" "No,"
said the judge, sternly. "My honor is
not hurt, but my head ia."-Exchange.
- The latest addition to Americans
abroad is the smart saying of a New
York girl to an Englishman who took
her in to dinner. "I sometimes won
der what becomes of all the hleaches in
your country." hLe said. "Oh, we eat
what we can, and can what we can't,·"
answered the ready-tongued maid.
N. Y. Sun.
-Her Mission.-"Professor," said
Miss Skylight, "I want you to suggest
a course in life for me. I have thought
I of journalism-" "What are your
natural inclinations?" "Oh, my soul
yearns and throbs and pulsates with
an ambition to give to the world a life
work that shall be marvelous in its
scope and weirdly entranclug in the
vastness of its atruet iral beatty-"
"Womavn,, yoU're born to e waUs.."
4,d -- ·- i~·i- - ··-· L
etb ie rom au. tablespeenfa
of aones radish. tido " it, Half a tea
spoonfuil at;' ofl ofne egg, them
strl in aritablespoonfuls of cream
whipped to a sati froth; serve-Prat
rie Farmer.
-Chicken Cheese.-Boil two chickens
in a quart of water. When done, take
them out of the water and remove the
bones. Mince the meat very fine, to
gether with two or three trufmes, ae
turn to the - water, and ook.until l
most dry. Pour into a deep dish,
cover, and place a weight on the cover.
Put in a cool place.-Housekeeper.
-Rioe Wamies.-Mix a cupful of
boiled rice and a pint of hot milk to
gether till very smooth, then add half
a cupful of cold milk, a scant teaspoon
ful of salt and three well-beatbn eggs.
Mingle these ingredients thoroughly,
then stir in slowly enough flour to
make a batter of the right consistency
for frying upon the griddle, which is
done as with ordinary griddlecakes.
Good Housekeeping.
-Fairy Pudding.-Ingredients: A
quarter pound of hour, a quarter
pound of suet, a quarter pound
of golden sirup, a quarter pound
of potatoes. Boil the potatoes
and pass them through a sieve; chop
the suet quite fine, warm the siruap
and mix all the ingredients thoroughly
together; place in a buttered mold and
steam for two and a half hours. Turn
out to serve--Leeds Mercury.
-Baked Apricot Pudding. - Take
the stonen from fifteen or sixteen fresh
apricots, and scald them for a few
minutes over the fire. Grate a French
roll into s, basin, pour over it a pint of
boiling cream, and stir it till nearly
cold. Sweeten it with three ounces of
sugar, an I well mix the whole with
three tablespoonsful of sherry and the
yolks of five eggs well beaten. Blanch
the kernels of the fruit and pound
them fine. Beat the apricots to a pulp,
and add them with the kernels to the
other ingredients. Line the dish and
the edge with fine puff paste, put in
the pudding and bake it.-loston
Budget.
-Prune Pudding.-One of the pud
dings that might be called "perfectly
lovely" is this same one made of
prunes To make it, stew prunes until
tender, remove the stones and then
chop the fruit. Beat the whites of
three eggs with half a cup of sugar,
until it will stand alone, then beat the
eggs lightly into a cup and a half of
the chopped prunes. Bake in a shallow
pan. With the yolks of the eggs make
a boiled custard to serve with the pul
ding. When ready to serve, cut the
pudding in squares, put in saucers and
pour the custard around it. May be
used warm, but is better when very
cold.-Ohio Farmer.
THE LAST CHANCE.
Mrs. Johnson Had Only One
Chance to Save Her Lifo
New Does the Work of Three Average
Women.
From the Ledger, Jlteszo, (o.
Mrs. Lucinda Johnson lives in Mexico,
Mo. The Ledger has Just succeeded in ob
taining an interview with her. This is the
substance of her story :
In the winter of '93 and '93 Mrs. Johnson
was, like many of her friends, attacked
with la grippe. Yes, we've most of us had
it, and know its wrecking powers, when it
ctsin its work on a good constitution.
Well, Mrs. Johnson, along about Christ
mas, was prostrated. All the medical aid
here in the city only "brought her around,"
as an "herbs and roots" female sympathizer
expressed it, and she was left in a debili
tated and exhausted condition and expe
rienced a constant pain in her left side. She
was wholly unfit for her domestic duties
and was unable to do any work about the
house, even after the sla gripe fever and its
characteristic sickness hadleft her. She is
a consistent member of the church, and one
Sunday, between the Sunday school and
church services, being barely able to be con
veyed there, she heard of a miracle that Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People had
performed and she resolved to try them. It
was like the drowning man grabbing at the
last strawv. It was her last and only chance
to sate her life. She procured one box of
these pills from the south side druggists,
French & Garrett, in this city, and by the
time she had used half the box she and her
watchful friends noticed a marked improve
ment in her condition. Taking the rest of
the box of pills and one more box she re
covered remarkably in an exceedingly short
time. Before she had used the first box she
resumed her household duties and has been
steadily at work for the last eighteen
months. I took only a few boxes, perhaps
five or six, to entirely cure her. Since then
she was attacked by rheumatism, caused
from careless exposure, but by at once tak
ing the Pink I ills for P~olo People, she
drove that painful and dreadful malady
away. She told the reporterthat whenever
she felt that she was going to be ill, she
took one two of the pills and she never got
sick. Mrs. Johnson is perfectly healthy
now and promises to live to a ripe old age.
Her friends have never ceased to talk about
her almost miraculous recovery and are
loud in their praise of the Pink Pills for
Pale People, and all who have tried them
say they would not be without them under
any conditions.
Pr. Williams' Pink Pills are not looked
upon as a patent medicine, but rather as a
prescription. An analysis of their proper
ties shows that they contain, in condensed
form,, all the elements necessar.v to give
now life and richness to the blood and re
store shattered nerves. They are an un
failing specific for such diseases as locomo
tor ataxtia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus'
dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism,
nervous headache, thle aftereffects of la
grippe, palpitations of the heart. pale and
sallow complexion, and the tired feeling re
sulting from nervous prostration, all dis
eases resulting from vitiated humors in the
blood, such a scrofula, chronic erysipelas,
etc. They are also a specific for troubles
peculinr to females such as suppressions,
irregularities and a .forms of weakness.
They are for sale byt al druggsts, or may be
had by msil from ]Pr. Wliriams' Medicine
Company, Schenectady, N*. Y., for MWe per
box, or six boxes for 52.50.
A couPLE of jailbirds were drinking to
gether when one of them took out his
watch. "Bless me!l" exclaimed his aston
ished companion, "you've got a watch "
"Looks like it." "And how much did it
cost you " "Six months."-Washington
Btar.
From Now Unttil 8priang
Overcoats and winter wrapswill be in fash
ion. They can be discarded, temporarily,
while traveling in the steant heated trains
of the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Rail
way. For solid comfort, for speed and for
safety no other line can compare with this
great railway of the West.
Es submits to be seen.through a micro
scope who suffers himself to be caught in a
fit of passion.-Lavater.
The Shll and Enowleage
smsential to the production of the meat pe
fect and snular laative rgeaed s no
hiovens the California pigS yrup Co.
to ahieve a g t succssin, the reputation
of it remedy, Syrup of .igs, as itis con
ceded to be te universal laattve For sm
by andr iste. _
soanw has not been given.to us forsor-:
row's sake, but as a lesson which we are o
learn somewhat, which once learned it
ceases to be sorrow.-Carlyle.
seore yes Cured.
Jackseon's Indian Bye salve never tis to
do this; 5o sat all drug stores.
l~~if~i o~~~ LHl~ ~''1 ,
AAOWWELt PUURU
ON THE 651irNY OEP.
Tas blue whales of the Antaretie
ocean amuse themselves by traveling
in schools, and esiultaneously jump
Ing out of the water at intervals of bhal
a minute, so that their entire length
may be seen above the sea.
Tar idea of sir-tight compartments
in ships was suggested by the peouliar
construction of the nautilus. The shell
of this animal has forty or fifty com
partments, into which air or water may
be admitted, to allow the occupant to
sink or float, as it pleases.
Tan British bark Omega arrived at
Port Townsend with a crew that Ina
cluded but one white man, and that
one the captain, an Englishman. The
rest of the crew were Japanese and
Chinese. The captain had to give.
bonds of j500 fol each Chinaman, and
also hire a watchlman to see that none
eseaned.
I wAva found PIso's Cure for Consump
tion an unfailing medicine. F. It. Lore,
1805 Scott St., Covington; Ky., Oct. 1, 1894.
Wiss men will apply their remedies to
vices not to names; to the causes of evil
which are pernanent, not the occasional
organs by which they act, and the transi
tory modes in which they appesr.-Burke.
Hall's Claarr Care
Is a Constitutlonal Cure. Price 70.
"'Tua world" is a conventional phrase,
which bcing interproted, signifies all the
rascality in it.-Dickens.
Bubbles or Medals.
r" Best sarsaparillas." When you think of it how contradictory
that term is. For there can be only one best in anything-one best
sarsaparilla, as there is one highest mountain, one ldngest river, one
deepest ocean. And that best sarsaparilla is-- .... . There's
the rub I You can measure mountain height and ocean depth; but
how test sarsaparilla ? You could, if you were chemists. But then,
do you need to test it ? The 1World's Fair Committee tested it,--and
thoroughly. They went behind the label on the bottle. What did
this sarsaparilla test result in? Every make of sarsaparilla shut out
of the Fair, except Ayer's. So it was that Ayer's was the only
sarsaparilla admitted to the World's Fair. The committee found it
the best. They had no room for anything that was not the best.
And as the best, Ayer's Sarsaparilla received the medal and awards
due its merits. Remember the word " best " is a bubble any breath
can blow; but there are pins to prick such bubbles. Those others
are blowing more " best sarsaparilla" bubbles since the World's Fair
pricked the old ones. True, but Ayer's Sarsaparilla has the medal.
The pin that scratches the medal proves it gold. The pin that
pricks the bubble proves it wind. We point to medals,' not bub
bles, when we say : The best sarsaparilla is Ayer's.
/.:s
Comes soon
to all who
employ
the helpful
services of
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
Does the work quicker, does it better, lasts longer. Begin its use at
once. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
National
economy.
. There's room for a little more of it.
*: Too many women are wasting time
S T_ and strength over a wash-board; rub
-. bing their clothes to pieces; wasting their
W . V money. You'd be astonished if you could
figure up the actual money saving in a
A e year by the use of Pearline. Millions
of women are using it now, but just
suppose that all women were equally
careful and thrifty, and that every
Pp one used Pearline! It's too much
P ARLIi to hope for--but the whole country
would be the richer for it.
& tell you "` this is as good as" or "'he s me as
*it Bck Pearline." IT'S FALSE -Pearline is
i7 c,CK never peddled, and if your grocer sends
you something in place of Pearline, be honest---sa
S if Adk. 473
The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the land, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. B3etter crops, a better soil, and a
larger bank account can only then be expected.
Write for our "' Farmers' Guide," a z42-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will, be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address.
GERMAN KALI WORKS. "g Nassau Stot, New Yodk.
DUNCAN'8 LINIMENT TESR..ET
heumatism Headche Toothac
o .eum atsl i and PAINS gine=al i
03.GO t fr. R. OzztroarrrEur . AX &., says: -. I tnuve fond nnCm3u
o be we best remed tfor ains generally I ever saw.." A
- lrVQR OLIO.UN HORSES and MglSa It is II DEAD 6H@ '" ,
w TACR'Vll .ti'VWQWWIx e V rit,, k r
"Bsn has been thwirnrld, And all
three husbands dead She bas had a ter.
rible exporience." "' es but then she has
a brother who is an uhdertasr and he al.
ways gives her a good deal o'." -Btona
Transcript. " •'
A 21k can fool his grl's u othe as to
what waes he gets, bu he can'$ tool bur
fathtr. Atchison tlobe.&
` 101w. _______ -_ _
BUST IX TH E WOULD.
Some B*e.. Props., Canton, weS., T.S.A.
OPIUM abi. ard " a-"E
A. N. S., '. 1877
llEN WRITINO TO APDVRTI/ERS PULEAS
Nsteo that e saw lthe Advet.asmnst Is lMd
paye1e _________________________