·Ssa ED EVER]-Y SATURDAY
CHAS. A. THOMAS
ANO HOMER J. MOUTON,
raoraiaTeas.
ifstred at s Ir. Layag, t Post-OSco as Second
- cas. Mattr. -
SATURDAY, MAY 2J, 1893.
Ortors for
P. Printing
S Sticited,
' TiHE GAZETTE
PRESS,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
* Good Work *
* Executed
Promptly.
When lovers hang over the gate
there is a good deal to be said on
both sides before they quit.
The liberties of the press and the
liberties of the people must stand
or fall together.-Hame.
Sam Jones has realized in four
months from his religious lectures
something over $ss,ooo. It pays to
be the great and only Sam Jones
It is that get together and work
ing in harmony that has made the
great West what it is to-day, the
most prosperous section of the
United States.
A man will unblushingly comb his
back hair over a bald spot on the
top of his head, and yet expect a
grocer to put his smallest potatoes
in the top layer.
Dr. Hanis, United States com
missioner of education, finds from
statistics that education is the surest
preventive of crime. The propor
tion of the illiterate among crimi
rals is as six to one.
A public journal should ever
stand ready to criticise the acts of
public servants when to that journal
these acts seem fraught with objec
-tiomable features, that, if adopted, 1
will work to the detriment of the
community.
A New Jersey man, with the fu
ture in mind, has offered a prize for
the best essay on the life of a mos
quito. A slap with the palm of the
hand is about the best essay on its
fife, but even that is rarely success
ful.
The news immigration law re
quires that each immigrant must t
state whether he can read and write,
and must satisfy the examiners that a
be is not without means of support.
This law will be rigidly enforced in 1
the future. I
According to general accepted
estimates, the United States pro- C
duces more than one-half of all the
cotton 'grown in the world, and c
about 75 per cent. of the total
amount which annually enters into n
civilized commerce.
A writer says the language of the it
street is picturesque. It is indeed.
O the picturesque landscape kind. ti
A gamin was heard to say to a com- u
panion: "Tell yer wot, cull, if a p
feller's got de sand and de rocks he ii
can make de dust, an' if he ain't his 1
same is mud." g
Late despatches from Washington a
bring the cheering information that
President Cleveland has determined
that the time has about arrived to S
asake the Republicans remaining in i
appointive ofices walk the plank. c
And the "boys In the trenches" T
smile in anticipation of the day. P
On the whole, the condition of
the public schools of Lafayette is ai
:gratifying. We cannot say satisfac- p
tory, because that would mean that
theyare all we could wish. They t
are cobstantly improving, however,
and teachers are taking a pride, in
their work, which means marked
Sprogress with certain prospect of
tuch greater r improvement.
The appointment of Hon. Over- a
d"or Cade to the superintendency of t<
the mint in New Orleans is gene- C
itegarded as a foregone con
and which will necessitate
election of a representative to
gmneral assembly of the State b
the parish of Lafayette, in his p
Who will he be? The b
e,.so far, has no favorite, _
. theerfully support a Demo- -
Zthl5 Mace.
• ' S .aWiGff . DISC'AREPFANCY.
The New Orleans Mint is conceded to the
V Third District, and while both Senators
favor Mr. Overton Cade for the Superinten
dency, we learn that Cogressman Price is
sticking like a mrus plaster 1b Mr. Gabe
Raomagt. Far thi we admire the Con
Sgressman. Mr. Montegut l~ an inteential
and active politician. It was him who se
- cured the nomination of Mr. Price, and
a although an ex-official, is entitled to the
place. Mr. Pce can mnd himif he "sticks
to the tcet."-Morgan City Reveiew.
We are inclined to the belief that
Mr. A. L. Monnot, the large sugar
refinery owner of Jeannerette, did
as much, if not more,. to "secur'i
the nomination" of Mr. Price, than
any other person. It is a well
known fact that previous to the hold
ing of the nominating convention
Mr. Price had annonaced that he
would not be a candidate, and but
for this announcement he
would have had little or no opposi
tion.
Mr. Monnot, a day or two before
the nominating convention smet, se
cured the assent of Mr. Price to ac
cept the nomination in the event
that it was tendered to him. With
this assurance from the gentleman
Mr. Monnot went among the dele
gates and stating these facts the no
Sruination of Mr. Price followed.
And this was easy to accomplish
e because a large number of the de
legates were uninstructed and were
favorable to Mr. Price in case his
e name was submitted to the conven
d tion.
THE EL DORADO.
No fairer field for the profitable
r investment present itself in the
s whole extent of this grand section
than Lafayette parish. Nor can
the immigrant find a better place for
- his permanent home. Is the farmer
e in search of lands that are both pro
e ductive and cheap? Here he will
e find lands-unsurpassed in fertility-
that he can purchase at from $25 to
$35, and in some instances less, per
acre.
Do the capitalist, who has been
- putting out his money at the meagre
precentage ot 3 or 4 per cent wish
to triple or quadruple it? Let him
- come here. He will surely find op
portunities, and if he should grasp
t them by erecting factories for con
- verting our raw material into mar
- ketable products, he will reap an
immense profit on his investment.
Then let him come, investigate
carefully and fully, and we have no
doubt he will invest.
The people of Lafayette should
bend all their energies to reach the
money man. Let our manifold
material attractions be placed be
fore him; invite him to come; tell
him we shall extend the hand of
fellowship, and when he comes car
ry out your promises, and the pro
babilities are that he will stay.
CAMPhOR TREES.
Probably the only growing camphor tree
in the state except the one in Horticultural
Hall at Audubon Park, New Orleans, is to
be found on Father Forge's premises in this t
town.-Lafayette Gazette.
At the residence of the Review the editor
of The Gazette is invited to call and we will
show him two Camphor trees twenty-five a
feet high, flourishing nicely. He can chew
the leaves and get the full camphor taste.
There is also one at Dr. Darrall's Avoca
plantation and one at the residence of M.
I. Hamilton, Fairview plantation.-Morgan
City Review.
To this number add several in
St. James parish, a couple in Abbe- t
ville, one more in Lafayette, and C
now comes our Royville correspon- C
dent with the information that there
is also one in that town. c
Although this plant, is indigenous t
to the Island of Formosa, from i
which most of the commercial cam
phor that we use come from, there
is also another variety found in t
Borneo. But the fact that the tree t
grows so well in Louisiana, is but e
another examplification of the great a
fertility of our soil. 9
It the tree grows so well in this '
State, could it not be utilized? ItP
is worth while to'give it a trial. A la
crude and cheap process would be :h
Take an iron pot, pour water in it, ti
place over the pot a board perfor- c
ated with holes, over these holes
place chips from the camphor tree, a
and then cover with earthenware C
pots, then set fire under the first pot C
when the steam will pass through e
the chips, carrying with it the cam- U
phor, which condenses in the form V
of minute white crystal in the up- i
per part of the pots. As a matter P
of interesting past time the experi- ti
ment should be tried. And should o
any one do so we should be pleased C
to have them report results to The a
Gazette. ii
A JURIST'S DANGER. g
Judge David E. Pugh, of the
court of common pleas of Colum- c
bus, Ohio, and one of the most n
prominent jurists of that state, has E
been bitten by a mad dog, and isl
thought to be in great danger. Asmall L
dog, which was a great pet in the
family ,was taken sick the other, day, a
and the judge held it while medicine
Y. was administered to it. The dog
he bit him on the hand. Again, afew
as days afterward, the dog bit him,
n- and also his wife and child. In a
Sday or two the dog died, and the
,, judge, becoming gTarmed, sent for
1t a physician, who after a microsco
e- pic examination said that there was
d no doubt that the dog died of ra
` bier. The judge's hand has begun
to swell and give him-trouble, and
at he has been compelled to suspend
ar his duties. Yet people will continue'
to keep pet dogs and communities
id will allow themselves to be overrun
r by-mongrel curs that have no earth
in ly function to discharge, except to
:11 go mad and bite somebody.-N. O.
d- Picayune.
The reading of the above recalls
- to mind the fact that Lafayette,
ie town and parish, have an excess of
ut the most worthless curs imagina
he ble. Little objection will be inter
posed to the. possession of a useful,
or finely bred dog, still even these
should be carefully watched these
re days;, and upon the first signs of
e- illness immediate steps be taken to
c. ascertain the nature of the malady,
at but all those mongrel curs that are
permitted to roam about, and only
th live to consume, entailing some ex
in pense and serving no useful purpose
e- should be speedily exterminated.
" THE LEBLEU KILLING.
ih It may be recalled that The
e-. Gazette, some weeks since, pub
re lished an extract from a Chicago
is paper relative to the killing of "a
n. real bad man" named Lebleu under
orders from Judge Martel during
the sitting of his court, which Le
bleu had threatened to break up, in
le fact he had come to the court room
te for that purpose. The Gazette had
'n no personal knowledge of the event,
l and the publication was made to
)r accertain if there were any truth in
!r it. It appears that there is some
)- truth in story since the Opelousas
II Courier, who is no doubt acquainted
-- with all the facts, has this to say:
0 Judge A. B. Martel was judge of
r the district composed of the par
ishes of St. Landry, Lafayette and
n Calcasieu a few years before the
'e late war, and it was while holding
h court at Lake Charles that the kill
n ing of Lebleu occurred. He was
- killed with shot guns loaded with
p buckshot and by men whom the
k- Judge took with him from St. Lan
dry, his home being here at Ope- t
n lousas. The parties who did the
:. killing were tried here and ac
e quitted, Pierre Soule, Alcibiades
o Deblanc, Adolphe Olivier, and
other leading lawyers being engaged t
l in the case which excited much in- I
e terest throughout the State.
STIIE CHINVESE MUST GO." "
The cry raised on the sand lots
in San Francisco some years ago,
crystalized in the adoption, by Con- I
gress, of the Geary act. The pro- p
visions of this act are most vigorous s
and drastic. Every chinamen must
register on or before the 5th of
e May of the present year, and obtain p
, from the collector of internal reve- I
s nue in which he resides a certificate to
that he has been here for some
1 years and intends to become a citi
, zen of the country, in default of is
r which he will be deported. is
So stronghas been the impression je
that this act was unconstitutional, h
hurried as it was through Congress f
without an opportunity for discus- i
ion, that the government took ex- t
_ traordinary measures to test it, and to
delayed its execution until such test
could be made.
The full text of the decision ren- a
dered last week has not yet been s
made public, but Mr. Justice Gray C
in making its verbal announcement c
disclaimed all purpose to pass on the
wisdom or justice of the act, con- he
tenting him with announcing that as s
the power of this nation to restrict b
or prohibit the immigration of any
aliens into this country, or to re- m
quire aliens in the country to re
move therefrom was a wellsettled p
principle of international law, the
legislative branch of the government cc
had not transcended any of its cons
titutional power in the act under
consideration. t
The Supreme Court has spoken, t
and the Geary act stands as a part
of the law of the land. The duty
of the Executive is plain; it must be w
enforced regardless of consequences
until it be modified or repealed. c•
What these consequences will be it n
is, of course, as yet too early to
predict, but it is senseless to ignore
the fact that the situation is a grave cr
one, and that most serious compli
cations with China are likely to
arise. The apprehensions cherished
in some quarters, that the Chinese d
government will adopt a policy of ci
retaliation, that our 'American mer- W
chants and missionaries will be sum- in
marily expelled from the Chinese b
Empire, and that all diplomatic re- d
lationseetween China and the h
United States will be dissolved, IA
are by no means groundless. The fe
developments of the next few days
S will be anxiously awaited. Our
r .beef h6pe is that China gill show
'herself more Christian than the
United .States.
r Tephck r'as Institute.
LAFAVETrTE, LA., May 20, 1893.
The Teacher's Institute met this day in
regular session with the following members
D present: A. D. Martin, J. Fletcher, Philip
d Martin, Ben. F. Toler, J. C. Martin, W. ti.
W~ebb, Ed. St. Julien, R. C. Greia, Hugh
Wagener, Chas. A. Boudreaux, Mrs. E. WV.
Glenn and Misses M. E. Toll, Maggie Ja
s mieson~ F. S. Greig, and Kate Rand.
1 The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
After the transaction of routine business
SProf. Webb illustrated some practical ideas
* regarding,.the subject of common fractions.
Thoroughness in, the first principles, and fre
s quent reviews were impressed as essential
factors in teaching this difficult study. Mis
Fannie Greig also gave additional methods
f by which the subject could be taught com
prehensively.
Prof. J. Fletcher then illustrated by ex
amples on blackboard the principles of least
common multiple and greatest common di
e visor.
e The subject of co-education was discussed
f briefly.
Miss Greig proposed that the subjects for
next meeting be confined to strictly primary
grade and the fallowing programme allotted:
"Primary Language," Miss F. S. Greig;
"Primary Reading," Ben F. Toler; "*Prima
ry Numbers," Chas. A. Boudreaux.
Communications from the Advertiser and
e Gazette requesting monthly reports from the
teachers of the public schools were read, and
favorably considered The thanks of the
Institute were tendered both papers for cour
tesies and it was recommended that the
teachers as far as possible comply with the
request, by furnishing the local press with
statistics exhibiting the condition of their re
spective schools, as well as other items of in
terest to public education.
RI. C. GREIG, Manager.
Mrs. E. WV. GLIWN, Secretary.
A Call.
Realizing the great benefit that would be
derived by the people of our State from the
incoming of a desirable class of immigrants
and improved public roads the Business
Men's Association decided to call a Road
and Immigration Convention, composed of
delegates from the Attakapas district, to
meet in Lafayette on Wednesday, June 14th.
The Association earnestly request and in
vite the Presidents of the different Police
Juries, the Mayors of the different towns and
cities, or the people in mass meeting to ap
point delegates to attend said convention,
and sincerely hope that the call will meet
with a hearty response from the people of
the district.
C. O. MouToN, Pres.
A. C. ORtwav, Sec.
Mental Improvement.
We are taught to believe by those who
have carefully investigated the subject, that
neither the mind nor body, can be over
taxed without a corresponding exhaustion
of the other. In fact many know this to be
true from experience. And every one who I
has attempted to cultivate the mind knows
that intense mental labor is more fatiguing
than physical. But how few parents and
teachers act according to the dictates of
such knowledge is directing and assisting
children in acquiring an education. Haste
in every pursuit, seems to be a national
fault, and pupils of every age have imbibed
this spirit; and, unfortunately, parents and
teachers encourage it. This is particu
larly observable in the public schools, and
also in private ones of like grade. I refer
to the "'cramming" process. To be con
vinced of the existence of this prevalent evil
one has only to stand on the street of any
town or city, and watch the pupils going
to, and returning from school; for they will
be seen weighted down with books-their
physical powers painfully taxed-their little
spines bent in -their efforts to maintain
their equilibrium. It is not difficult
to account for the incentives to
this undue haste in endeavoring to accom
plish in one year the work of two. Mothers
become impatient to see their daughters en
ter society at an age when they should be
taught to appreciate the advantages of a sub
stantial education; the fathers, generally,
possess the idea that the amassing of wealth
is the chief duty of man; that mental culture
is unnecessary to the attainment of that ob
ject; the teachers are not blameless, but they
have to drift along with the current of pub
lic opinion, or be continually and unsuccess
fully opposing the demands of public senti
ment; besides many believe that their repu
tation is increased in proportion to the 'ex
terity with which they can turn out super
ficial graduates, those whose acquirements de
serve no higher appellation than a mere
smattering. Some are actuated by,no higher
ambition than the cooper who goes to his
shop with the desire to complete as many
casks, in a given time, as possible; but the
cooper does his work faithfully, or else his
casks will leak, but the work of the former
will not bear so close an inspection, for the
heads of his machine graduates go from
school, not only empty, but wholly incapa
ble of retaining anything of value that may
be put into them. Another potent factor in
establishing this mischievous policy is the as
almost univeral desire for change. Nothrng
that is old is considered worthy of retention.
Many would abolish the laws that keep the
planets in motion if they could do it with
safety, for the reason that they are old. I
have been frequently asked if I taught ac
cording to the nrew methods, and by men
wholly illiterate-those who had no con
ception of the meaning of the question pro
pounded. I always reply to suchan inquiry,
that if you mean to ask if I have any patelst
process by which to impart information, or
to bestow an education, I will have to say, no.
I believe it was the poet, Dryden, who
said, "'men are but children of a larger
growth." I know of no resemblance in
which the comparison can be more fittingly
applied than in connection with the course
pursued by parents and teachers in rushing
children through text books. Haste does
not always mean advancement; in fact, it
often causes retrogression. The attempt to
master so many branches in an unreasona
bly limited period, only results in a very
superficial understanding of them; this TI
creates an indifference on the part of pupils,
which is fatal to the acquisition of knowl
edge, for no one will long continue in the
pursuit of mental improvement, when both
the mental and physical powers are over
taxed. Harvard College a few years ago,
discussed the advisability of cutting out a
short road to a finished education by redu
cing the term from four to three years; hut
when the matter was carefully considered it
was decided that whatever might he gained
in time, would be lost in thoroughness, and
the proposition was rejected. Old Sam Is
Johnson, more than a huudred years ago,
advised a friend to be shy of the man wh
had read but one book. This advice car
ries with it the idea, that the person who has
thoroargrly studied on- book is more to be
feared in an intellectual combat, than the (j
one who has read mony cardcss/y.
FELIX.
Ye -
Old Folks Concert
m Will be on ye 5th day of ye month of June. Come all ye peopre
rs at early candle light, for at 8 o'clock 30 min. Deacon Jeremiah John
son will bite his "tuning fork," and Singin' Skewl will commence.
Dick Jumperscott, Manual Snodgrass, Ike Bluefield and Toby Laza
rus will show ye the benches.
Par.t I.
s OPENING CHORUS................. By all ye men and women
s Deacon Johnston introduces his Singin Skewl.
s CHORUS............. .............. By all ye men and women
at One Part Song........ ................. Phoebe Jemima Snodgrass
Recitation..................... .............. Serepta Smathers
is One Part Song .................................Minnie Billikens
S CHORUS ...... ....................... By all ye men and women
c- One Part Song............ .............. Betsy Grin Gruffenhorf
a Two Part Song. ......... Elnathan Tarbox Putnam, Huldah Putnam
One Part Song. .............. . .Deacon Jeremiah Johnston
a CHORUS............................ By all ye men and women
Part 11.
CHORUS ........................... By all ye men and women
Recitation...................................... Zeke D ins
One Part Song............. ....... Hudley Ann Gringle Thorpe
Recitation..................................... Lucy Anderson
Two Part Song....... ......................... Pippo and Bettina
One Part Song......................... . Huldah Putnam
a Four Part Song...... ........ Sallie Johnston, Melissey Broadnax,
Betsy Grin Cruffenhorf, Pippo -
Recitation................. ............ ....... ........Sockery
Two Part Song ........ Billy Turnipseed and Huldah Gringlethorpe
CHORUS ............................ By all ye men and women
J- -VIRGINIA REEL -
Mary Jones, Margery Scoonover, Pat Jumbles and others will raise
their voices in song. Dorothy Thrump and Ann Stebbins (spinsters)
will see that no sparking is carried on.
Ushers will be in attendanee to see every one seated, and that the
aisles are free and opened.
Admission 25 cts. Reserved Seats, 25 cts. extra.
GRAND BALL.
Beausejour Park
On the Banks of Beautiful Bayou Vermilion.
EXCELLENT Spring Water,
COMMODIOUS Bath Houses,
Lange Dancing Platform. Beautiful Grounds and Plenty of Shade. Elegant Spot for Pic
nics, Parties, Etc. Water for drinking and bathing purposes unsurpassed.
Come and see the place and enjoy a splendid bath.
SIDNEY MOUTON, Manager.
New Store !
Alex. Delahoussaye,
l-las Just Opened next to Lacoste's a General
C-rooer7- store
Where at all times will be found the freshest and finest grades of goods in his line.
An invitation is extended to all to call at his store.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc Harrow Leaver Drag
Harow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYETTE, LA.
Land Attorney, Surveyor, and
Real Estate Agent.
ALSO REPRERENTING THE
MANHATTAN
2 Loan Association.
This company negotiates loans on real estate, making payments of principal quite as easy
as interest payments on the old plan of loans. For further information address or apply to
Welman Bradford,
Agent, Rayne, La.
THERE IS A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWEST
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY W aM. CLEGG.
The Singer
Sewing Machine.
Is the best in the world. Light Running, Durable, Noiseless, Simple.
J. CHARLES BAUDIER
General Agent For Lafayette Parish. e
Office at J. P. Buhler Shoe Store p
DR. T. B. Hopkins
Having returned to Lafayette, of
fer' his professional services to the
citizens of this place and the sur
rounding country.
Office at former residence, and at
night and at night at Kennedy's old
residence.
C. DEBAILLON,
Lawyer.
Wil pract:'e int Lafayette, St.
Afary and Vrsui.lian par.sEcs, and
tke Si~resms.and FedeCral Courts at
Opelousas and Nerw Or/raws.
LAPAYSITTI, LA.
FEED,Stable
AND SALE
E. CONSTANTIN,
Lafayette, La. Paroprietor.
B2 RY, LEONCE 80DRY,
LAFAYETTE, LA. Proprietor.
NUMA BROUSSARD,
CABINET MAKER AND
FURNITURE REPAIRING
OF ALL KINDS,
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc., etc.
Lafayettr, La.
LAFAYETTE
BLACKSMITH,
WHEELWRIOHT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
Near hank Buildingb.
PRED. MOUTON, - - - Iprprletor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work dlone.
All work promptly attended to. Satisfaction
guaranteed.
ALBERT de Ia HOOUSSAYB,
BAKER & CONFECTIONER
Vermillion street, Lafayette, La.
H. C. Salles,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan street.
LAFA YET.E, - - - LA.
F. R. TOLSON, M. D.
'.-CTRAC C/.'NG I'P/SIC.I I.',
Office at Rcldence : : : LAI'tAETT , I.A.
DR. N. W. SWORFDS.
DentiSt,
Office next to Blank buildingt Snatistacto, gona.a.n
teed. mns
E. G. VOORHIES.
ATTOR,,A'F I' AT L.A II
AND NO'T A R Y PUB I C.
LArAYTTTC. LA.
R. W. ELLIOTT,
ATTORN'EY AT 1.111' and NOTARY
J'U13LIC.
Lq'ayette, La.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
ATTOANEYS AT LA IV.
LAPAY*TT. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP,
Lincoln ave., near depot.
JOHN V.ANDERGRIEF, Proprietor.
Ladies" and C'ildre'es Naircutting at Domicille
E. Priollaud,
Watcmaker
-and
Jewelerer.
.md dealer ta
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dia
mnonds, etc.
Clsegg's BaIlldlag, Corthouse Sqaere.
Lafayette, La.
Cash tells the story.
Come and see
Mouton Bros.,
DBEALSN IN
GENERAL
Merchandise
Lowest prices consistent
with quality of qoods.
H. L. Monnier,
Dealer In
Ceneral
Merchandslee
Fresh Groceries always on hand.
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A. M. MARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.
The "Old Taylor" is the best
Whiskey that experience, skill and
expenditure can produce. It is the
perfection of distillation from grain.