THE T a AFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA,~ SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1894. NUMBER 6.
ea ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I II i lma, . 11 11 1 .. I I.~ai unninin nnI ·nnmnmimnn alu lea m-I I~I C nun u manu aa lml i al d i i-i~d ! "d1 h L I ·I · •1 I1 1 1111nU1 al dIDII U Io I Imun anu i1 n mnnii nn 1 n111
NUMA BROUSSARD,
Cabinet Maker and
Furniture Repairer
t : pOP ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain _Mantels, F'anoy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LeAAYIETTE. LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
" Near Hank lBuilding.
FRED IIOUT1ON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
ratisfaotion guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
.afayete. La.
H. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O; C. & J. MOUTON,
A ttora ney&a at I-lav
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
----AND IDEALER IN
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, Etc
C!oag's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
ALBERT de la HOUSSAVE,
BAKE R'
Confectioner,
Vermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
HI. L. fIONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
1lerchand ise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWVAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
ADStable.
FEED •
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAI'ETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C.. DEBAILLON,
LAWY EFw .
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
OPELOUSAS, LA.
-AND
Sale Stable
E. COISTAITII, Proprietor.
LAEAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
-A pracititloner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat
ment of the yespiratory.organs. Medi
cal inhalations comnbined with consti
tutionalj reatmegat affording a. care in
Consumjloi, iIn the first and second
period If they follow oxactly the treat
" k ~t~Ii4ief in the tbied period.
an]Iefis and chronic diieases in gen
eral a specialty.
0. P. GUILBEAU,
,Ndtairy Fublic - -
-AND--
Justice of the Peace.
S" efr and prompt attention given to
the collection of bills, accounts, notes or
drafts. Sale and purchase of lands at
tended to. . . , 19
C. H. MOIJTON,
.•.ttruhoey ant I daw"v
WOMAN AND HOME.
DREBSMAKER'S BILL.
bDseeverryf oone slad Out in the ears
e500 ( t-It , Looks Like a Chlnese
Pueasl. ut Wasr .Dreade by Chaldean
uabanude - Opetly Robe Worn by the
Prleste of Antiqulty.
Egypt has been called "the land of
surprises." Year after yeah thub bx
plorers in the Ndle lasd bihig to light
some new &nd startling examples of
art, revealing to-'us the astonishing
character of the early civilization of
the Egyptians. Egypt has now a rival
in the sister civilization of ancient
Chaldea. Although in art Chaldea Is
far behind the land of the Nile, espe
cially in the art of painting, the res
toration of the early civilization and
the perfect picture which we can form
of the life and manners and customs of
the people are almost as eongplete as
those which we can restore of Egypt
EGYPTIAx DRESBMAKER'S BILL.
in the pyramid age. The startling
feature of the discoveries resulting
from the decipherment of the cunei
form inscriptions has been the numer
ous details of popular life which are
accessible to us. The little clay tab
lets not only contain the record of
kings and princes, but even of the
poorest of the people, slaves and beg
gars. In so great a literary land as
Chaldea every transaction, no matter
how small, was recorded in writing,
and thus we have many details of
transactions which would otherwise
have been forever lost. Among the
documents which have been discovered
is a tablet which may be well called
"the oldest dressmaker's bill in the
world." It was the custom of the
Babylonian kings to present to the
temples sets of robes for the use of the
priests and priestesses. This was
usually done every year. and we have
many of these lists in the British
museum. The oldest hitherto known
has been that of a king, about 1450 B.
C. There are several of a later period,
but the document before us is far older
than any yet found.
The tablet, which is of limestone,
was discovered in the ruins of the tem
ple in the city of Nipur in southern
Chaldea. This temple was dedicated
to the ghost god and had a very large
priesthood attached to it. From the
style of writing, which is extremely
archaia. and from the curious system
of nurierals employed, the table can
not be of later date than 2800 1l. C. It
contains a list of ninety-two vestments
which were presented to the temple by
the Iing. The name of the king is un
fortunately not given. The end of the
tablet reads: "In all ninety-two pure
vestments, the bill (l4st) of the temple
for the priests this year." Many of the
words are unknown to us, as they are,
no doubt, many of them technical
terms employed by the modistes of the
period. Some of the lines, however,
are of particular interest-those that
can be satisfactorily deciphered.
Among the items are: "Twelve white
robes of the temple, eight robes of the
house of his lady, ten pure gold col
lars, two wide robes." One item of
especial interest occurs near the end:
"Four scented robes." This reminds
us of the passage in Psalm xiv., speak
ing of the robes redolent of "myrrh
and aloes and cassia." It was, no
doubt, the custom in Babylonia to per
fume the robes, as it is to this day in
Persia and India. Another item is also
illustrative of eastern life: "Two
winders," probably scarfs used for
binding round the waist. This docu
ment has likewise an additional value
in showing us the great development
which had taken place in the textile
arts in Chaldea even at this early
period. Thedecorations on the statues
of Gudea (B. C. 2800), the embroidered
fringes, show that the skill of the
weaver and the embroiderer was far
advanced, and it is a curious feature
to notice that nearly all the attempts
at decorative work in early Chaldea are
in patterns which are derived from
textile designs.
Paper for a Bedroom.
Dainty bedroom papers are much in
demand, and wonderfully beautiful
some of them are. The one fault in
rooms of any size is lack of character
and a somewhat faded, ensemble, but
even that has been obviated by a clever
device. In the home of a recent bride
of artistic tastes the walls of the guest
room are papered with a design of pale
pink upon a creamy, white ground,
and the defect of too pale tints is en
tirely overcome by a bordering of olive
cartridge paper. Each of the four
walls has become a panel, and the
plain tint runs around all sides, so
that the sweet, tender pinks are in
closed in a frame and the room as a
whole gains the dignity that is desired.
Rellef for 1erwoo Headache.
The ordinary nervous headache will
be greatly relieved, and in many cases
entirely cured by removing the waist
of one's dress, knotting the hair high
up on the head out of the way, and,
while leaning over a basin, placing a
sponge soaked in- water as hot as it
can be borne on the back of the neck.
Repeat this many times, also applying
the sponge behind the ears, and the
strained muscles and nerves that have
caused so much misery will be felt to
relax and smooth themselves out dell
-iously, and very frequently the pain
promptly vanishes in oonsequence.
lrsw to Cut Not Bread.
To~ t fresh bread so that it . bhe
presentable when served, heat tt : :
6f the Ibread knife by laying it : ...,
aide and then the other across .t n h,
stoe.
CHARMING BEDFOOM.
A piak &4 Blue Apartment of Remarkr
able Attretirvenee.
I had set my heart upon having such
an apartment, and fortunately the pea
per of my room was a neutral tint.
Not being satisfied with the border I
bought two pieces of a decided blu*
paper at a cost of forty cents. This t
etut ii half, the paper being too wide
to suit my idea. I then pasted it over
the old border, being careful that the
edge of my blue paper should touch
the edge of the ceiling, and this I fin
ished with a narrow gilt border which
I pasted on the ceiling. A carpet cov
ered the floor, as the boards were un
equal in width.
I procured from the manufacturers a
plain bedstead. bureau, wardrobe with
nickel-plated knobs and looks, and
two of the plainest kitchen chairs,
without painting or finishing of any
kind. I gave each piece in the set two
coats of blue paint and a coat of var
nish, and had the glass in the bureau
changed to French plate. An old
wicker rocking chair was painted
white and ornamented with pink and
blue ribbons. The bedspread and
bolster case were made from ordinary
twelve-cent scrim, having baby ribbon
run through the lace stripes. The
stationary washstand was hidden by a
common three-fold screen. The cover
ing for this, as was also the window
drapery and chair cushions, was of fine
China silk of pink and blue. The
shade- for the standing lamp, made
from crinkled paper. the bureau earf
and glove case were all of the shades
of pink and blue. The beauty of this
room. completed at a cost of seventy
five dollars. can hardly be imagined.
Laurie Duckett, in Ladies' Home Jour
nal.
NEEDLEWORK BAGS.
Very Pretty Ones May B13e Made at a
TrlMing Expense.
Embroidery companions, besides ful
filling the mission implied by the name,
are made to grace the room in the
shape of sachet bags. The triangular
fancy is intended only for light needle
Iwork. It is made of chamois, nine
inches square, embroidered with single
blossoms and sprigs of forget-me-nots
in pale blue ribbon work. Line with
crinoline above a layer of scented
sheet-wadding, and face with gathered
blue satin. The gathered lining is ex
tended and turned down an inch be
NEEDLEWORK SBAS.
yond the chamois, forming a frill. The
square is then folded diagonally, and
the two sides are joined to make a tri
angular bag. In the corners are fast
ened tassels made of the remaining
bits of leather, cut into narrow strips,
and tied together with blue rope silk.
A blue ribbon for hanging completes
this creation in popular blue and yel
low.
A design for larger pieces of fancy
worhl is made of French satine. A prac
tical size is one yard long. and half the
,width of the goods. Before sewing up.
slip over a large bone ring. Fold in
the middle, sew the bottom and each
side, leaving an opening at either top
side. The satine should have a floral
figure in bold design. With fine gold
thread, outline each figure, fish-scaling
or darning some of the petals and
leaves entirely. Fine gilt rope. don
bled and twisted, is made into tassels
as a finish.-Anna Iinriclhs, in Rural
New Yorker. a
COLORS OF FLOWERS.
An Easy 1Method of Preserving Them to
an Indefinite Period.
It is over a quarter of a century since
the following appeared in the Garden
ers' Monthly. Coming back again to
America after its long travel, it is still
worth republishing.
"The following ancient method,
which comes from America as new,
may be worth repeating and trying
Take very fine sand, wash it perfectly
clean, and when dry sift it through a
fine sieve into a pan. When the sand
is deep enough to hold the flowers in
an upright position, take some more
sifted sand and carefully cover them.
A spoon is a good thing to take for
this, as it fills in every chink and cran
ny without breaking or bending the
leaves. When the pan is filled solidly,
leave the flowers to dry for several
days. 1It is a good plan to warm the
sand in the oven before using it, as the
flowers will then dry more thoroughly.
In taking the sard off, great care must
be taken not to bmeakl the leaves, as
they are now dry and brittle. Pansies
preserved in this way will keep their
shape and brilliancy of color all win
ter, and many other flowers can be
equally successfully treated - any
thIng, in fact, where the full pressure
of the sand comes on both sides of the
leaf: otherwise they will shrivel. r
fl1 in flowers, with cup-like shapes it
is better to lay them on the san , and
with small spoon fill in and afaund
each flow-er. Ferns when preserved in
this way have a Inore 'natura.l took
than when pressed, and the maiden
hair fern looks almost as well as when
it is freshly gathered."
PoF Sprlains or Strains.
t'inegar and water, in equal propory
timas, and as hotas can be borne, is a
plzysician's remedg for outward appli
=a tion in oases of sprain or strain.
FARM AND GARDEN.
THE SAFEST BUSINESS.
&grlieltnre the One Line of Industry
That In Not Overreowded.
"Not less than 98 per cent. of our
tanmers make a success of farming."
I hose are the words of an Iows farmetr
who spoke before the Iows senate com
mittee on agriculture. Statistics show
very convincingly that in business pur
suits only 5 per cent. of those who un
dertake the different lines are success
fuL There is, then, a vast difference
between farming and other kinds of
business so far as a surety of achieving
success is concerned. There is so large
a difference that comparison should
convince more persons that to till the
soil is practically the sure road to suc
cess and, consequently, the best. The
late extreme depression in business has
hardly been felt by the farmers, and
even where it was manifest to them it
was noticed in its effects on the surplus
which was to be put aside as savings
not being noticed so far as the enjoy
ment of necessities and comforts were
concerned, On this one particular
point the farmers stand so far in ad
vance of strugglers in other ventures
that comparison is almost impossible.
The difference between absolute safety
and possible want is too much to put
into language. Figurescan never com
pute it. Artists cannot paint it. It
must be felt to be appreciated, and to
feel that sense of surety is to enjoy
more of life than even the abundantly
successful business adventurer can
feel in the height of inflation. The
words of the Iowa farmer may seem
overdrawn, but even if they are by 70
or 80 per cent. there would still be a
heavy balance in favor of farming.
The conclusion is easy that agriculture
is the one line of industry not over
crowded, which, in fact, cannot be
overdone in this country within the
life of any person now living. It will
take years to strike a balance between
95 and 5 per cent., so that farming will
be on a par with mercantile pursuits
as to uncertainty. As a matter of fact,
that time need never be expected.
Meanwhile every effort put forth to
keep young men on the farms or to
get families out of the towns on to the
farms is in the in terest of permanent
national prosperity, to say nothing of
personal comforts and safety. Every
day the tide is turning toward the ru
ral districts. The prices of farms will
gradually go up as the demand for
such homes increases. That has al
ways been the effect following a finan
cial depression. The value of suitable
stock. for beginning farming operations
will also rise as the popularity of farm
ing grows upon the people. The neces
sity for immediate action can be easily
recognized under the e.isting circum
stances. The prophecy will hardly be
doubted, that there will be 10, if not
50, per cent. less "abandoned farms"
in New Hampshire at the end of this
year than on this date. If that be true
the financial difficulties will not have
come upon the people in vain.-Man
chester (N. H.) Union.
HINTS FOR HORSEMEN.
THE day of hay-wintered colts stabled
in the barnyard has gone by.
As occasional oiling will prevent
cracks and breaks in the harness.
TAKE the chill from the water given
to the brood mares in cold weather.
THE proper development of the colts
is a business which few understand.
Is the half-bred hackney the breeder
has a grand type of general utility
horse.
ONE good horse means profit and
pleasure, a dozen ordinary ones mean
loss and disappointment.
GooD looks go a long way towards a
desirable price and the greatest source
of good looks is good care.
THE care and keep of the colts from
infancy to selling age affect their value
more than most breeders realize.
THERE is a large surplus of horses in
the country, but they are of the kind
horse buyers do not want to invest in.
A BR.EEDER who wishes to succeed
abould breed only the best to the best,
and take care of both pedigree and in
dividuality as he proceeds.
A PERFECT horse cannot be bred from
an imperfect one. or a high class one
from a mare or sire possessed of prom
inent faults and imperfections.
Doo'T expect to have good strong
yearlings and two-year-olds when
spring comes unless you feed plenty of
clean, wholesome food during the
winter.
THE man who breeds horses intelli
gently, breaks them carefully, teaches
them thoroughly and develops their
speed will always find a profit in the
business.
SIMPLE BAG HOLDER.
An astlly.-lMade Contrlvane T hteh Will
Pay on Every Farm.
By the use of a bag holder, construe
ted as shown in the accompanyingjl
lustration from a sketch by S. Bar
rington, it is possible for one man to
bag and tie the grain as fast as it is run
through the fanning-mill. This con
DEVICe FOR HOLDING RA BAGS.
trivance is a very easy thing to make,
and will pay upon every farm. The
one in the engraving explains itself.
The most important point to be consid
ered is to make the foundation blocks
of 4x4 inch heavy timber to prevent up
setting. Instead of the complete ar
rangement, simply the bag-holding
circle can be made, and hung along
tle side of the granary, or to the mil,
or apy other upright surfa'ce.-Ameri
can Agriculturist
COMBINATION HOUSE,
A Simple Structure Containing Pens for
Pigs and Fowls.
Where one desires to make a single
building serve for the accommodation
of both swine and poultry, he may find
some suggestions in the accompanying
illustrations. This house has two pens
for fowls and two for pigs, an ample
hall between the two, a set boiler for
PERSPECTIVE VIeW OF POULTRY AND
PIG HOUSE.
cooking food, and a grain room. If the
nature of the location permits it, a cel
lar beneath the building could be util
ized for storing of roots, which might
be made to serve as a large factor in
the food of both fowls and pigs. The
loft above provides room for setting
,PR FOR FOWLS kR m PEN FOR I145
PE FOR FOWLS L PNFOR P5
GROUND PLAN OF COOIBINATION POULTRY
AND PIG HOUSE.
hens, while one end may be used as a
pigeon house, if these most interesting
pets are kept for the delight of the
children upon the farm. Yards may be
arranged at either end, for the com
fort of both the feathered and porcine
inmates. In Fig. 1 above is seen a per
spective view, and in Fig. 2 the grountd
plan of the very convenient combina
tion building. -American Agriculturist
THE PERFECT HIVE.
It Shuald Combine Cheapness with Sim
pilelty and Durability.
A good hive should possess the fol.
low points, viz: cheapness, simplicity,
durability; as good for winter as sum.
mer; that the combs may be removed
without injuring or irritating the beest
that the bees may have free access tc
the surplus honey arrangement; that
the surplus honey miay be removed
without injuring or irritating the bees
and be in a marketable condition; that
the bees may be able to store every
ounce of honey they can collect; com
pletely ventilated that the bees may
not suffocate, and thousands of them
hang on the outside of the hive for air
in a hot day; that all the heat from the
hive may enter the surplus honey boxes
or chamber, to enable the bees to elab
orate wax and make comb; that, in
case the bees are carrying in honey
very rapidly, one set of boxes may be
raised and another set placed under
them; that there be no place in the
hire where the miller moth can con
ceal ittself: that there be no space be
tween the top of the combs and bottom
of the honey boxes, except a single qua
ter of an inch; that the bees may enter
the surplus honey boxes from any part
of hive without creeping through a hole
in the honey board: that all openings
of the hive be guarded with a slide or
button; that the boxes be covered with
a light cap to exclude the chilly air at
night as well as the excessive heat of
the noonday sun, with a ventilation at
each end to be opened on hot days and
allow a current of air to pass over the
honey boxes, permitting the excessive
heat of the hive to escape in summer
and in winter to carry off the moisture
generated by the bees.-Farmers' Voice.
Ventilating Poultry Houses.
There is not a little discussion as to
the best manner of ventilating the poul
try house. Many claim that ventilat
ing tubes are roup inducers and fur
thermore unnecessary. They claim
that enough fresh air will find its way
into the building of the ordinary farm
er or poultryman. There is some truth
in it. It may be well to have an open
ing in the peak of the roof and this
should be so arranged as to be opened
and closed conveniently. A ventilat
ing shaft four by six inches inside, run
ning from four inches from the floor up
through the roof and two feet or so
above it with a cap to keepout the rain
and snow, will convey the impure air
out of the pen. But the trouble with
the average poultry house is to keep it
warm, rather than to keep it well ven
tilated.
Mtistakes in Forse Breeding.
Farmers make a mistake in breeding
when they raise horseesto please them
selves. They must breed to suit the
markeYl The outlook for breeding is
better ihan it has been, because
the knife is being more freely used on
poor stallions every day and quality
and individuality of horses is being
constantly raised in consequence. Peo
ple who are fond of drlvings want
stylish animals, and 1i5 ei1 prv the
farmer to breed for that standard.
Then after they are bred it will pay to
bit them thoroughly, mu h them up,
accustom them to sights and sounds in
city and country and condition them
so that they will be ready for work reas
soon assold.--Troy (N. Y.) Times.
It Pays to Be Thotrough.
It pays to be thorough, as the fol
losing test shows. TVhile preparing
a large area of "new ground" during
the spring of 1892, so many protests
were mhade against the "'waste of time
and labor, ruining the land." etc., that
to satisfy -he pki.ptical two acr~e were
left unbroken .qxcept just enough in
which to plant each row of corn, to bd
broken at thas rst cultivation ot the
corn. The reset was three tones as
much time and hard labor was required
to cultivate the two acres as any othner
two in the field, and the corn matured
ten days later than that on land well
prepared before:plasting.--4astm *u'd
Home.
BUILDING AND SCIENCE
M/I. BRACQ'S POLYPOSE.
New Photographlc Device Invented by a
Frenchman-Wilth It Composite Pictures
Can 13 Taken on One Plate-Demsrlption
of the Novelty and How It TI Operated.
M. V. lBracq is the inventor of a new
photographic shutter which he calls
"polypose," because it enables opera
tors to take composite pictures on one
plate with very little trouble. With
this ingenious device it is possible to
take one or several objects as often
and in as many different positions as it
is desired and on any kind of back
ground. This latter is the chief ad
vantage of the new apparatus. Thus
a man can be made to hand himself a
glass of water, or a clown to carry his
double on his shoulders, etc.
The secret of the system is simple
enough, and is founded upon the fol
lowing principle: If a shutter pro
vided with a slot is placed as near as
possible to the sensitive plate, directly
in front of the plate-holder, the slot
allows only a portion of the reflection
of the subject-to pass. By changing it
about, either horizontally or vertical
ly, the negative can be made to receive
in succession several impressions in
one way or another. If the intensity
of the light has been the same at every
exposure no traces of the joints are
visible, no matter how numerous they
might be.
With this knowledge in mind it was
but a step to construct an apparatus
with which the work could be accom
plished in the most rational way.
The device constructed by M. Bracq
and his assistant, 3M. Faller, consistsof
a flat rectangular casing, which can be
fitted to the plate-holder and can carry
in its center, provided with an opening
as large as the plate, the ground, glass
and frame for the plate-holder. In
front of that opening and on the inner
side of the casing moves a shutter pro
ALL THESE AR THE 8A.ME nov.
vided with a slot, which is governed by
a spiral screw and winch handle. The
shutter operates in a downward course
under a stationary board, allows the
impression to be made on the sensitive
plate. and meets a second stationary
board. underneath which it glides.
The exact position of the shutter is de
termined from the outside by a needle
which slides down a graduated
groove.
Among a large number of photo
graphs taken with this apparatus the
following copy will illustrate the
method as lucidly as possible. In oper
'ating with a horizontal diaphragm the
first pose taken was that of the chair
and its occupant. which was held
above the floor at a distance of 21' feet
by a number of boards. The first ex
posure was then made. As the slot is
on a level with the support. it is
dropped below the seat, and the second
exposure is made by placing the sub
ject underneath the chair.
With a little patience and very little
difficulty the fantastic figure illus
trated can soon be taken. Instead of
placing the apparatus vertically. It is
adjusted to the plate-chamber in a hor
izontal position, so that the slot occu
pies a vertical line. In this way a per
son can be photographed as if standing
in mid-air.
THE EARTH'S MOTION.
It is Made isilble by Means of a Rimple
Arrangement.
In Popular Astronomy, Eliza A.
Bowen shows how the earth's 'evolu
tion may be made manifest to the eye.
Dr. L. Swift, in Popular Astronomy.
says: Place on the fbor of a room free
from tremors and air currents a good
sized bowl nearly filled with water
and sprinkle over the surface of the
water an even coat of lycopodium
powder, ant acrosi this make a nar
row black line of pulverized charcoal.
Place the bowl so that the black line
shall coincide with a crack in the
floor, or, if the room be carpeted, lay a
stick upon the floor, exactly parallel
with the mark. After a few hours it
will be found that the line is no
longer parallel with the stationary ob
ject, but has moved from east to wast,
proving that, during this interval, the
earth has moved from west to east.
The reason appears to me to be that
tie solid floor has with the earth and
bowl moved from west to cast, and so I
has the water also, but at a slower
rates as there is a slight inertia, of
which the yielding liquid does not in
stantly partake, to be overcome. It
will be seen that the line or charcoal
mark alw· oved from_ east to west.
The Production of t galise.
Of the 7,000,000 ounces of quinine
annually produced in the world the
United States uses 3,100,000, or nearly
one-half of the entire output. There
are 18 chinchona or quinine factories
in the world. This comprises one es
tablishment in Hollant, two in Eng
land, two in Italy, three in France~
four in the United States and six in
3Germany. There is some experimental
work in the sa.me line being condakos
SCIENCO AT HOME.
Interesting Esprist a the Tess e
Liquid Ime. I
Take a lamp chimney of oonteal foam,
that is to say, wider at the bottom them
at the top, wet the interior with soap
suds, and then drain in order to get rifd
of the liquid in excess. Then, holding
the chimney upright, dip the wide end
in the soapsuds. Upon removing it, it
will be found that.towardthisextreim
ity, a film of soapsuds has formed in
the interidr. .Now place the chimney
horizontally, and the liquid film will
be observed to set ttdslf p notion, and
in a moment reach the' nusrrow'-emtr -
ity of the glass. This phenomenon is
due to the elastic tension of the flirm,
which might be compared to a distend
ed membrane of rubber, which con
tracts as soon as the traction upon its
EXPERIMENT ON THE TENSION OF LIQUID
IrILMS.
edges diminishes. Now here the trac
tion becomes feebler and feebler in
proportion as the diameter of the glass
diminishes. Instead of a single film, a
second may be formed as soon as the
first has moved a slight distance from
the wide end of the chimney, and then
successively as many films as may be
desired. All will be observed to set
themselves in motion and travel to
ward the narrow end, as if they were
chasing one another.-L'Illustration.
THE WORLD OF SCIENCE.
THE average speed of the transmis .
sion of earthquake shocks is nearly
16,000 feet per second.
IT is reported that the Egyptian gov
ernment had decided to authorize the
construction of a system of electric
tramways in Cairo.
As ingenious Yankee proposes to
place a big searchlight on the Cana
dlian side of the Niagara river and
project advertising announcements on
the American falls.
DURING the yellow fever epidemic at
Brunswick, Ga., there were 1.008 cases,
822 being white, 680 negro and one Chi
nese. There were 56 deaths, of which
a4 were whites.
MINISTER MICDOALD, at Teheran,
has notified the state department that
there has been an increase in the num
ber of cases of cholera in' Persia, the s-
maximum probably reaching 100 per
day.
LIqrID chlorine is now being pre
pared on a large scale in Europe for
use in chemical work. The gas le
liquefied bya special form of pump and
is kept and transported in iron or steel
cylinders.
THE cave animals of North America,
according to Prof. A. S. Packard, of
Boston university, comprise 172 species
of blind animals, nearly all of which
are mostly white in color.
DR. NICALSKY, of St. Petersburg. at
tributes the form of birds" eggs to
gravity. He thinks that every egg not
yet coated with a solid shell departs
from the spherical form and elongates,.
simply because of pressure on it by the b
walls of the ovary.
THE grip. which reached tnalaska a
couple of months ago for the first-time
in its erratic travels, is now very prev
alent among the Indians of northern
Vancouver island. Nearly all the vil
lages are severely afflicted and a num
ber of the white missionaries are down
with the disease.
EXPOSURE TO LIGHT.
How It Affects Oysters and Other Deep
Sea Inhabitants.
At a recent meeting of the Academy
of Natural Sciences, Philadel
Prof. John A. Ryder .spoke of .1hS `!
feet on oysters of exposure to light.
He referred to 'recent observations of
Dr. Scheidt on the pigmentation ef
these mollusks under abnormal condi -
tions. The right valve of the shell
having been removed, the oysters'were
kept in a trough of. running salt
water. In fourteen days they showed
a pronounced Slackening of the entire i;.
right mantle, where normally there i a -
no pigment,and this was gain bleached-W.
when excluded from the light. Other
specimens which were guarded "ro :
the direct action of the light remained
uncolored, thus demonstrating that,
light is the active agent in prodci' -
the deposit of pigmentgranueleLs..
geass was found to stimulate. o ,
while red glass had the ite efeCt.
Prof. Benjamin sharp remarked tlhat
a common species of flounder, Ake . .
lineatus, commonly oanledalhSe. .
choker, has the underside almost ift n
quite as strongly colored as the ~ - .
side, thus differingmaterialy.fnp the
other species of this gbup of s .hes :
Correspondingly it was found that iNl
habits were so modifid that the lowe,
part of the fl was frequently as
posed as to be acted on by the .
and not kept in contact with
as in allied forms -" ,
DIseovery oe a Nma b.
A new species of hbrlWaIUOWIi ae
tofore, hbs bheeu41500me in the.'q
ters aronnda.l. . ine ilanf '3
fish is covd aII mucous muco
scales ehilitte not imbrica
to the family of
anjd&its like has newer been
r.'l ,fiah is m.all
trates the'bodiea.oaf the
at the expense of which it
is not at all unlikely,.
fsh, "that it exists in .I
by parasiting otlnar: