x- a
-Is
JtE 1S, 1895.
- - otlca. c
¢ala ,masnl natrn. will be
a itte a a iaserut in this pa-l
eiepct. etc.. l cents a line; n
aid enaerAimente. balls. etc
S at te lah oa les s freeo-,
bies S cent a ine.
'-COM #MITTEE'S RE
S.=r OR T.
Scommittee instructed to look
+'+1he nancial condition of the
ks of Mr John Vigneaux, col
.'and Mr. Alphonse Neveu,
u+marer, of the outgoing council,
•evaude their report which is
bished in anmother column of this
aer. A deficit of $5oa.;. is re
iported against the collector and
S17 against the treasurer.
The Gazette will not go into the
ils of this case. The commit
" .e find that the outgoing officials
.we to the corporation of Lafayette
he sum of $703.49. They owe th's
miount or they do not owe it. If
there are any doubts as to the cor
. .tectness of the committee's report
-. the courts are open for the settle
ml,=ent of ~inch matters. If it is
.`found that the committee have
erred -and thereby done Messrs.
"igneaux and Neveu an injustice
=hese gentlemen can have ample re
course, for the courts are also open
to them for all reparation. The
: c- mn-:ittee have made their report.
If it is not correct there is a way to
prove its incorrectness. If it is
orrect its correctness will be fully
established, and this is all there is to
iet.
John Fitzpatrick and Vic Mau
Sberret ate bimetallists.
The New Orleans convention is
i. ot calculated to infuse any hope in
t-the hearts of the Louisiana gold
bugs.
- -. The New Orleans city council
nmay be in a position to hold its first
fall meeting at Baton Rouge.
... - Desforges, Dudoussat, Canfield,
and Haley will be known in Baton
Rouge as the "'Crescent City Quar
lette."
Convicted for "proposing to re
ceive a bribe" sounds like a revela
tion to any one familiar with a cer
tain epoch in the history of Louis
iana.
In order not to break up old as
sociations and as a means to promote
the speedy transaction of public
business we would suggest a tele
phone line between the New Or
leans City Hall and the peniten
tiary. ,
The Court of Appeals has af
firmed Judge Kings decision in the
Fitzpatrick impeachment case. The
T.-D's. editorial on this decision
tvas only four lines in length.
It would seem that Mayor Fitzpat
rick isn't so bad after all. It is a
significant fact that he has not been
disc- vered in any of the corrupt
deals which have been unearthed in
New Orleans during the past two
years.
After reading the speeches of
Congressman Money and the lion.
W.J. Bryan one is inclined to
think that the goldbug apers were
right in trying' to keep the people
away from the silver convention.
The Shreveport ]'rogress says
Sthat "'Honest" John Pickett shliould
be the next governor of L,;uisiana.
If you are in earnest, Edito HIicks,
•rop that "honest" business. John
Pickctt; unqualified, is heavy
enough a load without the "'honest"
attachment.
The Call, a bright and ablly erlited even
" i" g pper of Opelousas, after a short life of
bhree month has ceased to exist. lreaus' s
i etiremaent is a loss to the Iouisiana prest,
but we hope it will not be permanent.--lber
w illc South.
Mr. Breaux will take charge of
-trhe Opelousas Clarion in the first
a days of July. He is one of the
""lirliest editors on the country press
i!+:and we can ill-afford to loose him.
S The Reform Clutb is the name of
a Wall street organization whose ob
feet is the dessimination oi litera
... favoring gold monometallism.
;So+ at;+o emanating from such a
!+~ce is very likely to be received
' with distrust by the common people
- £i' the country. The trouble with
ountry now, is too much Wall
te ifluience.
WRE8CK&L SS PARDONI:iG
OF- CR/I/NALS.
,iion of the Board of Par
·taursnqigut cripinals is cal
sriously cripple the cause
- 8 le. air howte
'·trog ,and coniclusive.- was the evi
!deuce wvhich justified his conviction, To
.hi i pardonedrsolely at the request of [o
some: politician. With the required
amount of politital "pull" the black-TTo
est criminal is given his freedoia.' .
Tihis very dernoralizifngstate of affairs To
has been flexistence in Louisiana T
a number-o jears. Not only un-' y
dec this, llo*ader priveous admi
nistrations this wreckless pardoning
of convicts, has, more than any- i
tdings else, encouraged the crimi
nal classes to set the laws of the
lands at defiance. What doe' ,
the hardened criminal care for a
short term in the penitentiary? He
often looks -upon this forced ser
vice to his State as an accomplish- Tr
ment.
Sometime ago Thos. Ford, one of C
the coldest-blooded murderers ever P,
brought before the bar of justice,
was set free by the Board of Par
dons. It will le remembered that
Ford planned and carried into exe
cution one of the most diabolical To
mutrders ever committed in the city
of New Orleans. His brother and T
cousin were hung and he, the chief
conspirator, was sent to the peni- T
tentiary, wl-ere he remained until a
few months ago when the Board of a
Pardons turned him out as a full- B
pledged citizen restored to all his
rights. This pardon was indeed 3
hard blow to the cause of justice, Ti
but it might have been over
come had not the pardon
ing mill kept on grinding out
pardons to criminals equally as guil- c
ty as Ford.
The poor, friendless wretch who
is sent to the penitentiary for some T.
trivial offense, such as stealing a B
chicken probably for his starving B
children, is always compelled to B,
serve out his whole sentence. He T,
has no friends to plead for him and A
no ,"pull" to get him out. His story
may be a pitiful one and his cause
just and deserving of leniency, but
he has no money to employ counsel
and political influence to enlist the G
sympathy of anyone with a ,"pull".
The writer has a case in mind that
will serve as a splendid illustration '
of the kind of justice dispensed by
the Board of Pardons. Two men,
charged with murder, were brought
before the court of a neighboring I
parish. Both were convicted and a
sentenced to the penitentiary for
five years. One of them belonged '
to a large and influential family,
but the other fellow had neither
family nor friends. They were
taken to Baton Rouge the same day
and commenced to serve their sen- r
- teuce together. Six months later
the one backed by family and intfu
ence returned home. Votes were
- needed to carry the election for a
certain governor and he was par- L
doned. It was only a short time
after that he was again brought be
fore the courts for another cruel
murder. The other fellow without f
family and political influence re- tI
mained in the penitentiary until the ti
expiration of his term. i
City Council Proceedings.
LAPAYETTIr , LA., Juan 10, 1895.
Pursuant to adjournment the council :
t met this evening. In absence of Mayor
Moss on account of sickness the secretary
1 called the meeting to order. There were
t present: O. C. Mouton B. Falk. Jos. Du
cote, Leo Doucet. J. O. LeBlanc and T.
I M. Bloesst. Absent, A.J. Moss, mayor.
and Dr. J. D. Trahan.
The following resolution offered by
Leo Doucet was unanimously adopted: e
Be it resolved that Orther C. Mouton
be and is hereby elected mayor pro. tem. L
of this council, with power to act when
ever the mayor elect is absent or unable
to act.
e Moved by Jos. Ducote seconded by B.
Falk that reading of minutes be dispens
e ed with and read t next regular meeting.
The finance committee which was to C
have reported at last regular meeting (but I
Swas granted further time) submtted the '
fo, fowing which was accepted:
FItNNCl CQSIMITTEE-RErOlLT.
i.APrAVETTE. LA., JuNE to. 1895
To thdie Iton. layor and members of the 4ity i
Cottncil oo L.ayette :
"the tnodereigned fs ance committee of your honor
. ohle body beg leave to mike this their report utndr
resolutions of May s3th. .895 .
"l'otal property tax of .893. 0 per assessmnent:
Total delinquentn an de
tlucion on mas-sm't reo
pie's State Bank and other
error ......... ... ....... '9 ,,a
Total property taxes oft x93.
s Total licenses ollect ed for
for zo olas tper report of
S collector ....3... 5 3o So
r- Fines and bazaars from
MI.)'or's court, .ny 17gh
,f Jane o9. from C. H. 9radley Ma So
n).j. veaeEy 5o 1
. J..e.. a s Hannen 30
iayor for ines and bazaars ,i
SAmt. collectedby constable
for dog collars during s,93 36 oo
A rot. collectedb " con., for
fines on stok during s893 iSo eo 8o
Toutl reenues of s893. from Mpay 2893 1o585 9y3
so fo e'~r S ov F894.
Total property tax as per
rolls of mp8............ $a,86 78
Total delinquenU, deduction
Sate Bk. nd other errors 3o 6.
STotal property t.xe. collected as per roll 16 3
· Licenrsesk rzt'
d col. to ea.. te7e7 5 °
Licenses return
ed eduepaid... ,se5 5o 8,935 5e
Plank unpaidi
h cens retu*t'd g 553o
.re.eived from
trees s& not rt
turned or i((:
cunltred fo .. - p-.'5a. - .n .
Mayor for fiti
and bsaaro.. 575 50
n.n-t l hy -Oollt
during isty :Ir
prr repott, of
!± I.,:e.nc.i ,,f rs,9 cm1 s per stubs of col.., st4 0o
.',y, t l trn ttli.* of .Sps 5t4.4 S'
* .' -*.-:'itcc,-.. -.:I;Lc :1
To.... stck.. s ..ci... . nt , raw
To oo mee eto llect. e fy as o
by stubs re turnmed a , 1938 5
To nes oan stock..... 8 . 54 50
To lic s o sa9g. c. i per m
" baubs retlead eps d:-... 1414 0o
'lb lines stoc ............. 3
Totaucs antag. collected ua.
3is2g aund otgUns. nt .. 3 s05 No
Total co5lectioes by edeble oil
snd collecar te. May so" 57t3 5go asib
By total r dut paid tress u
iii csbe and warrants $7175 ot
Aisse turned tatreas by I
S ol. ral not u r'd to ohe
him by tres books
Recptdiate Deas.-93 4 5 be
- . ,J52a3.91.5 05
L rr o......... .8s 9 t W
By camofc lecttor ono a
480 o .... .... .. o
SRecip dt'd May so. 93 o
to coverteror on r -sn
Sport of luay o 93... 18 06 334 43
Total amount lad 57so6 ot
Less errors on entes .......... 3 et
Mi
Totd paid byJ. Vigneaud.... S7o09 03 th
o aent to be accounted for byj. S
Vigneux. colL and coast...;. sob 656 8 S d8
000 eo Je
fTREASUtRER'S ACCOUNT. tot
Cash in treasury. asperbooks die
Sof treasurer. May 189 .... 1352 69
Paid by Wma . o ampbell.mayor _7 ot
* C. H. Bradley ...... 7o 8o
D D.J. Veasey ........ a soos
. tanen ....... .....
W. Campbell. mayor 53
. W. Campbell. mayor a w
. W. Campbell. mayor 175 0 H
SVW. Campbell. mayor 3500 Io
1 579e 99 a
To total re'd fromJ. Vigneauxs
y coil and coast as per books
of treasurer................ 7173
d To amts recd from coll. per re-.
ceipts to coll. asd not charg
f edon his books ............ 33 45 tb
Total rec'd from May 189s to May gbm 95 o93o3 s5
Less errors on eries ......... 3s 83
Total gyso a .
of By ota to paid a nt by t ars.s for
rp frhm May to Dec . 9 of
tas , per warrts .......... a2976 3 ire
By aimt paid oat by tress for
5 uap. of 189.4- as per warrants 4818 .6 i
y amts paid by trea for exp 1n
of tg rp teo y 9.. 108936
By cash to D. .V. Dodbled.
treas.. May . 1895.......... 6 5 th
To a est tobe accounted by A. b D
Neveu, treasurer.......... 27 cr 9302 s
oe CAPITUrATeOo. t.
It T casch in treasur p ne893 m1352 69 in
o total revenues of 1895 to cr
c:May loth. 1895 ............1454 30 h1
Tc. taxes of 18sp, collected dur- to
0 ing n893 and m1894 ...r..... 31 0 w di
e Total rev, of up893. z and 1895 -5508 841f J t
By warrants paid for expenses
of 1893. from Mlay 893..... 67 35 a
By warrantspaid for exp of s u89 48 6a
By wrrtntl pid for e tpensms
of tMay t 2s ont o 8 .-e0. 109 36
By amt paid D. V. Gasrdebeld. fe
treat by A. Neveu May 13.995 216 58 1
e To i to be accounted for by v
d A. Noveu, treasurer........0. 1el 1
To amit to be acconted for by hi
J. Vigneaux. coil. and corst.
Y without including stubs and
o licens.s of s894. sot acc'd for s n 6 823,4
it m Total 9sso8 8496 $g~o58 8456
Condition of Trasury pMay asg. 1805. date D. V.
e Gardebled, tronurer. took charge:
By cash turned over by A. Neveu. treas.
e to D. V. Gardebled. Mlay Stb. 1885 --e6 58 0
DR. I
To outaa'g warrants, issued a
byyA. Neveu. treao., .to-Wat :
,War'nt No. 522. Edwin Campbell $c"oo oo
" " 43. A. \ayer ...... 01 o s
" 548 Waters PiCo . Oil 6 48
. . o550n. Will. rsr .... 200
"" 552. (;aston Landry.. 15 a b
S 53. H. lEilln:dc..... 18
J. ss a. Pub. Co.. . 3o 7 30
To Totatl out 'd'-: war'ls lay 15.95 f230 88 i
by caslh in trery .May 5. 1895 "6 16_ g,8
d ndeLt'tnss by outst'd'c warrants
r hlay 1. ti95. over and above
ftootds on iad ................ 1 s 4 30
:d T bat dueJ. \'ignenu,. coA1., i.
Fl is com. on 7 .: 0.1o3 tur'd in .til
er 44 and by rc*:'ptc 0t jn.,st and
May 3o,,895....... ..... 408 rt
re To halan:c lu ' Victor !beaux for
none.
a- .k fm stre-ts ........... d.... : hei.., t w0
" 'ot:1, ii, cs' nes alay 15. 1395 Pj404 44
Olr'TA'.r*I)ISC'; *.A'I0t tN toFAYOR 'OKFORtATIC.IO.
.y asmtdu byA. XS vey te................. fSa2. 27 .1
lt amte due by T. Vigncaott, iper ase't rolls
a:d license stubs retur'd as paid for IS.)4 i
anod 18.So and reports on license' for 18.3 00) 1 I t
Amt to hs paid by I. \ igneaux, for stub .
eand lie. rece'pt'd for fronta trees. and not t
re actd for or produ'd ifle fail to prod.
a them in hlank as issued to him or show
that they wcrc inot eoleolctel by him.... 003 5o
r- Licenuses of 1894 due by S. Leopold, insol. o5 oi t
STotal outstandin; claims 8.8 49'z b
e- We will state in connection with the. two hundred
el and ninety-five dollars of the missing blnkle licenses
of 1894. delivered to Mr. J. Vigncnux. and reccipted s
ut for by hint, that having called his attention to that
fact. he inforemcd its that he cosuld isot account for
e- their disappearance, hut by taking the names on his
liccnse stubs of that year as paid, he csuld prove
Ce that they contain the names of allrpersons subject to
license taxation for that year of whom -Ire collected
licenses.
We make this statement to explain the manner in
which we have seen proper to Charge hint with that
amoutnt. beleisving that this council did not prr.pose
to demand pay.nent of it if lie proves, as he pronmlses
to do in a rrasonlle time, that he did not collect
til them. Respectfnlly Submitted.
or Oaritoit C`.lo:s f
T. M. IRIOSSAT,
ry |.ao DoucgC'.
!re Finance Committee.
OI- Since writing the above, ,r. Vigneaux has furnish
Snished us with the list promised. and after compari
s.on with his stubs for that year (t894). we find that
ST, an error was committed by us in crediting him with
a one hundred dollar license tas uncollected, the stub
by thereof showing that it was collected. We also fnd
from thcist that he has collected two one hundred
d: dollar licenses for which wc could not find stubs in
on the tstub books turned over to us for that year.
T'hese two last licenses were from persons doing
Em btusiness in this town during 1894. and subject to
!D- those licenses. Respectfully Submitted.
OarrsTHaR C. MOUTOS.',
i.ao Doucer,
T. M. B'rrSoT.
Finance Committee.
Moved by B. Falk, seconded by Jos. Du
t cote, that finance committe be and are here
hat by authorized to attend to the settlement
he with Messrs. John Vigneaux, collector, and
A. Ncveth treasurer, in accordance with
above report.
The cormmittee oppointed by mayc.t to see
Sty if the petition for annexation has been
or. signccd by one third of the property owners
dcc of the land proposed to be annexed in num
ber and valte, snake this their report which
was accepted; upon motion of J. Dacote,
secthnded by T. M. Biossat, astd ordered
recorded in minutes of council.
.Et'ORT O ANNEXATFION COM IT'rTEr.
7"o the usa) Maytor anrd 'rancla,'s of Couacjl
716 of t/he town of Lqfr2Jzttet, La.
\Ve, the committee appointed to ascer-i
0 tain the total assessment of property-holders,
applying to be annexed to the old corpora
lion of J.afayette, togalther with total num
her of voters, beg leave to report that we
have carefully attended to that duty giving
the following result:
Total amt. of assessment .......... $ 132 7*5
'l'otal amt. of voters .................. 2 96"
T 3'6tal amt. of property assessed i
, by petitioners............................. 70 a220
Total amt. of petitioners ........... o6
'L'otal amt required by law of as
sessed value of property being
one third of above aaid
amount, equal to ........... S 44 248 331)to
Total amt. requised by law of
2 3 voter. being one third of the
albove amonnt.............. 96
All of which we respectfully subluit.
J. o. LEBLANCI,
June 6, 1895.
"I'he vote for annexatkm stood as fnllows:.
In favor--I,. 'ktucet, J. O. Leblanc, B.
Falk, Jos Ducote, 'T.M. Biossat. Nays-1
none.
Mr. I.. Doucet there offel'ed the frlowing:
WtvsswAS. Romawn Francer. pari.h surveyor foe
50 I this parish, at the reqssest of bsa. fide aowuors Of lots
- ox lands lying and being situated ontiguouosad ad
463 jacent to tihe tsesitenil orponrete limits of the tows
to of La(ayette. has nn the lth sty s.f 5av, sSF. Stcr.
oo $ veyed said lands and mate a peees veetin and psat
so thereof eertiiid byvbim to bc correct. wl.erein-are
50 - ai Id atostc ttce m ost , l,htch l;s tl prc col i iy bru tl t
tit reyad y tOtowti  m. ' .uncc ,nm.,. -
retawl described nn plats hethgp; t ilap
And. Wrhereo , has urysyp atojeld. *ail .lde idca .:ao
the purpose of annexzing u4 ,ands to the ,;pxlt d
oorporiater.iimS of tihe.towa. of Laftrttie,- 4 t'"at nor
oue thid or more in " numt. pr and In ,vfue' of. ther'
boom fid owners of said Jats have sigdn , as.utlt sn
andLpresented the, same to His .onor,..te a ayor. i,
and members of this ecOunacil, wherein the boand, Io
rim and accurate dasciptio said ldads Ma et l.ens
fords according to servry recprded asd franacuibed
according to law. adnd-i. wic they -pray - thai thisi
Coun dl der am lectioI under the prdilbon of acs a
Noe o03of soe. for the psw"p - of ben ing said Mr
to the uteritoeal cac tetd lt i l 01r Mtown i
of Lafayette. sois towioesttute a art thereof d •.bea
osi.ect to the juriadito. and ontro an a ity of
maid town as fullfy ndto aln iatetsand str"sses s .'a
i the itme had ban ofigiuall Included -i the' tU 
riiod corporate itha the thereof t
st .it oerdsined by tle mayor end council of I
the town Oa LafayeVoe. thee an pLectiot. be and ia
ahcret qrdered hoderiprob . s of s:il act, to t
bet held by the qus- * a1 LetoSd talldi iwn s ad up:
on the lnds aoitsn id.e In t and being situated be- sa
tween tle tbrririal corporte limits h the town of __
Lafayette. and the daries of aid lands ma es
tablished and described by the-survay Cs
made by Rais on the s8th day of May. tit
9 and seifi siset forth ied n the petition fore
saihereinaftetr specifically described territorial
corporate timits of the town of Lafayette. beginning 1k
ata point bn th ulee west of the town at t inter tot
section with the ataetrtnlng east and west in the in
Mill's addition betweeo the lot twenty and on nty
three, in the plan madleby John Campbell United fl
States s rveyor. March nineteenth eighteen hun li
dd and fifty-six. and running est to the intersec
tion of sed street with Jefferson street. thence st w
Jefferson atreet to Mrs. Charles Moutona line, sad CO
following that line to the western limits of A Mou
ton's field inoure or ditch, and following the 1e
ditch south to its intersection with the line of thbird
street anl its Econtinution to the coulee west of the li
town. and folloing the middl ie of aid coulee to the sit
paint of teaine
Boundaries of lte lands proposed to be annexed
and surveyed-by Romain FraIcee on May x8. c89. i
as aforesaid; starting at the bridge on the coulee to
west f the said town, between the prortieas ofa
Henry Hohorst and Anita Hohorst. wife of Dr.
Franklin Moutontnd -running from thence along jt
said cotiae N. 86xl. W. a small ash 33 ft, . '6. E.
a small ash 36 It, thence N. 1i. E. soo in loo5t hi
pasture, thence N. 7 m sjo. E. oo ft. thence o. I..
soft in cemetery. s t f thence N. ii. h. 389 ft. To
thence N. 8o, E. ago ft. going from to MrsJudce o
place 470 ft thence N. 7y4. W. 8oos thence N. so,
3. 3oo it.to S. E. corner of Arthur Greig's property.
thence N. 4. 3. 62 ft to the big ditch, t6o to pubthc q
-road leading to cot. aeS 3 ft to the L. W. railroad. hi
653 ft to the N. side of s id railroad, thence oe4 t.
thence S. 7 E. 660 it to the Morgan road .
Division xeo ft to center of Morgan road. xd ft t t
the ublic road leading to Ireaue Bridge. lio ft in- i
to Dr. F. S. Mudd's field, 38o It to the S. W. corner
of his garden. oo S. nabout 7 n ft beyond Dr. Mudd's
residence. 4300 ft in Dr. Mudd'a backit. thence S. d
43 ui ft .i from Dr. Mudd's to the publah road ead- i
ing to Breaux Bridge. 9oo It to Mentor Richards
property, 790o ft to stable, thence S. 5 degrees. W. P
7o ft between the properties of Nickerson nd D. u
A. ochrane. 840 ft to Dowdell's property. 864 ft to
the stable, thence 27 W.. 8go ft public road to Char
eois. 90o ft to red oak (ast In diameter.) thence S. 46. ti
W. oo ft to N. E. corner of round-house yard. n1520
-ft to main line Morgan railroad. is8ao ft to Mouton' c
addition, thence S. Lg. W. 1414 ft to oak lane, 650
to public road leading to Pin Hook. thence N. 49 W'
including said public load and following the same w
0ooo ft to a coulee in front of the residence of Mrs.
WVid. M. E. Girard. thence S. 54. W. to the S. E. P
coruer of Mrs. Girard's garden. thence S. 76 W. in u
Mrs. Girard's pasture. xooo It in Dr. Frankiin Mou- J
ton's field, thence N. 85 W. 462 It an oak (a feet in
diameter) S. of Dr. Mlouton's barn oo to the coulee.
thence following said coulee to the bridge, the start
ingpoint N. 1(2 x86 t. C
Resolved. that an election be held by the quali
fled electors residing in and upon the lots or Iandsh
aforesaid which are adjacent and contiguous to the t
territorial corporate limits of the the town of Laet -
aetle and which lie and are situated between the
foregoing limits and boundaries, and that the follow
ing proposition be submitted to said electors to be
voted on at said election, to-wit: Whether they de-2
sire that the lands within said boundaries shall be
annexed to and included in the territoriarl corporate
limits of the town of Lafayette. so as to constitute a
part thereof, and be subject to the jurisdiction, con
trol and authority of said town as fully and to all in
tents and purposes as if the same had been orignally
included in the territorial corporate limits thereof ais
fixed by act of the Legislature of 1836. incorporatinge
said town.
Resolved. That every property-owner voting at I
said election is requested to write or procure his
name to be written on his ballot so that the result
may show whether a majority in value as well as in
number ot the qualified electors residing on said
lands, voting at said election, have voted to annex
and include the lands aforesaid in the territorial
corporate limits of said town. The electors shall
vote by ballot, and the ballots nused at said election I
shdll be of white paper upon which shall be written
these words: "for the proposed annexation."
"against the proposed annea.tihon." Th.e votes shall
be counted for or against the proposed annexation as
cast. bt in every case when the name of voter shall
appear on his hallot the cnommissioners shall keep a
-- record of how he voted. opposite IRis name on the
list of voters, so as to ascertain tile result as to value.
Rerolveid further. That the election be held at the o
c:ourt house, on Mon lay. t e first day of July. .89g.
under the gesneral lans of : he tate: that e. dC.
tSreig. j. lrv. ri:rtin aod 1rnest Conr.smunts. be
ad :rre hereby appointed tile counlisioners of elec- 'I
tioll; ald in case that one or mre of said comtmis
shiners fail to act. then comnuissicnersr to be ap.
poiestroed in naccrdancrn - w-ilh thle gen.eral election
a--s :t th- St.tc; that the pall be OTet iron the
ior o". six in thie tre,'nn. untilt seven in the after
not-n; tht! it shall lie tie duty of said. comniiss.lir.
to .-p a list of the perso.s votingi raucb hptlling
place which list shalll be t,:mberel frsihn rice end to
tht othr. aod shnal be signed nsnd sworn ton as cor
nea by tilt c ,iisshioO'trs atter the poll is closed and
th,- votes are counted. that ht,:tore cttcrin on their
-ltlies the comnmissioners shall Lte sworn a.:corliing
to lIw thot if no officer atthorired to eldminiscr orathsl
be prcr.nt to admtinister thle oath to tile cmnti.sion
I era. it mov he adnTiniste;ed by anv voter. -.r if no
voter be present by thle commissionrs to cach other: I
that the romnlissioners shall proceed to count tile
votes withoult nmoving the box from the r.,ocm or place
where the voteus werer received. and in presence of
any voter or voters who may desire to be present.
St:ilt two a 'ly sheets shall be kept of, the auont, the
tally s: xets have the tables marled in lines trom the
beginning to the end .t the page. and the total
amount of the tallies shall be written in figures im
es mediatelyafter the end of the tallies. and in letters.
d so as toprevent any alteration thereof. and after the
acount is completed. the ballots counted shall be put
or back in the ballotbox, which shall be tmmedintely
is sealed with the ballots therein. As soon as the votes
e ae counted and the ballot box sealed, as above
tO stated, the commissioncrs shall make two compiled
istatements of the votes cast, how many for and how
many against the proposed annexation with the names
in of those voting for or againt the proposed annexation
when the names appear on the ballots, also the num
berof ballots contained in the box. the number of
a ballots reiec ed if any, and therceasons therefor. The
c compiled statements shall be sworn to by the com
missioners, the oath to be administered as before
provided, and the compiled statements and list of the
persons voting and tally sheets, shall be delivered
to the mayor of said town within forty-eight hours
after closing of the poll at such election, together
- with the ballot box and the votes therein contained.
ri- Resolved further. That atsuch election no person
at shall be allowed to vote except those qualified to vote
th under the general election laws of the State, and who
ah reside in and upon the lands to be annexed to and
Td included in the territorial corporate limits of said
Stown
F 3urther resolved. That such election shall be pre
ceded by a noticeof ten days or more to be given in
g The Gazette and The Advertiser two newspapers
O published in the town of Lafayette. the said notice set
forth specifically the manner in which stch election
is t be conducted, and the boundaries and descrip
tion of said lands proposed tobe annexed to dad in
eluded in the territorial corporate limits of sanid town.
and also designating the polling place and the names
of commissioners of election, as the manner of count
ti ing the votesand malisig the returns.
c-Belitfurther ordained. That the notice of election
at shall be issued and signed by the mayor of this
council.
r The foregoing resolutions submitting the qnestion
thof annesation wvasadopted by the following vote:
Ycas--l.eo Doucet. H. Filsk, Joe Ducotc. T. M.
Biossat and J. 0. LIeBlance.
cc Nays--None.
There being no further business the co~incil a('
journed to meeton 1Monday July ist .895. at 4 P. P
A. J. MOSS, Mayor.
:h HAXT)cR CLEGG, tecretary.
Election Notice.
An election has been ordered by the council of the
town of Lafayette and will be held at the court houte
electors residing in and upon the lots or lands which
r- are adjacent and contiguous to the territorial corpor
rate limits of the town of Lafayette for the purpose of
.. determining whether they desire that said lots or
i- lands be annexed to and included in the territorial
.-e corporate limits of said town. the land aforesaid lying
,g hnd being situated between tlhe territorial corpor
ate limits of said town and the boundaries of said lots
I or lands established and accurately described by the
96 survey made by Romain Frances. parish surveyor.
on the xeth day of Stay. s89k3 and hereafter spec:
O : fhally described.
Boundaries of lands proposed to be annexed, fixed
by said survey of Stay x8, i895: Starting at the bridge
on the coulee west of town, between the properties
of Henry Hohorot and Anita Hohorst wife of Dr.
-- Franklin Mouton. and running from thence along
maid coulee N. 853" E. a small ash 83 ft.. N. 67 E. a
small 36 ft+.thence N'. 4 E.,pooft. in Hohorst's pasture
-6 thence N. 2734 E. 3oo ft.. thence ta3LE.ryo in cemetery
Sam ft.thence N. t5 E-389 ft.thence N. sf3 E.sio Ltgo
ing from cemetery to Mrs. Judice'$place 470 ft. thence
N. y"4 W. 8uo ft.. thenceN. moE. 3oo ft. to routheast
corner of Arthur Greig'a property, then N. 34 3- 62$
ft. to the big ditch ,6oo ft. to public road leading to
- Scott aS3 ft. to the L \V. R. R. 1653 tothe north side
Brs. i of maid R. R., thenA E. 1024 ft., thence B. 17 E. 660
" ; ft. to the Morgan R. U. (L. W. division) salo ft. to
center of Margan road s76o ft. totheppublicvoad tend
Iing to Breaux Bridge fso ft. into Dr. ?iiridd's field
,g[! 38s ft. to the southwest comer of )r. Ssdd's garden
fr' 39oo ft., sonth aboot 75 ft. beyond Dr. h|Idds ra
lots denc 4530 f. in Dr. tludd's back lot; thunce S. 4~34
ad- . from Dr. Mludd's to the public road leading to
sot.o Breaux Bridgwe4oto 7slaneor Richard·s lot tojo into
p•at Ciow Giraedt land sTs ft. to stake; thence S. 'Sse
aR gre 3 W. ye ft. het-een the procrtties of Nictcersov
ccii hostl ii. A.(-.I~·lrrtrii us.' ft. to fi..-..l:l:' l-i.11.rts
oliaoing `ame Vae .iS o ft. to northeast :5 -
nor of Mrýd-h t E. staf l SE. Morgan
M. 'K. i. Girso M sure i oo tt ithen Dr. Franki f
{ :to Oak La ne ril0 e -toblic psbl to
Mo n'o thence N. W a' W.cidT e an oadk
dence of hts, Wist if. S. Giver; thsS. "top
tsotthenat corner o lfa gn-rde: thence S. 76W. in
Mirs. Wid. Glrards pasture tooo It, in Dr. Franklin
Moeuton'" field. hence ON. 85W. 46s ft. an oak is ft.
E in diameter) south-fDr,. F. Mouton's barn son ft. to
a coulee; thence following gmid cool.e to the bridge
the original starting point N. % 586 ft.
E Territorial corporate .tnss of the Town of LafaT-
oeto: Beginming at a point on the Coultee west of LI
town a its intersection with the street running east
and west in the Mills? addition, between the lots
twenty and twenty-three, in the .plan made by John
CampbellUnlted States surveyno March mineteen
thi eighteen hundred and filty-sinu, ad running east
to the itesection Of said street with Jeferson steet.
Stlencesouthjeoeran street to M s. Charles lon.
- ton's line. and following that line to the western
e liisof A. Mouton's field. -inclosure or ditch, and
d following that ditch south to its ainersection with the
t- line of Third street and its continuation to the coulee
Swest of the Town. and following the middle- of said
d coulee to the point of beginning.
r- Tp the qualified electors residing in and upon the
lots or lands lying and being situated betwen the
a limits and boundaries aforesaid, the following propo
a sition is submitted, to be voted on at said "election:
d Whether they desire that the foregoing described
s, lands shall be annexed to and included t the terin.
Stoial corporate limits of the Town of Lafayette. so
ns to constitute a part thereof, and be subject to the
jurisdiction control, and authority of said Town, as
fully and to all intents and purposes as if the same
had been originally included in the. territorial corpo
t. rate limits theren fixed by act of the Legislature
's of 1a04 incorpoR said Town."
o Every property owner voting at said election is re
quested to write or procure his name tobe written on
d. his ballot so that the result may readily be ascertain
f ed whether a majority in value as well as in number
to of the qualified electors residing on said lands, vot
n- ing at said election, have voted to annex and include I
I the lands aforesaid in the territorial corporate limits
. of said town. The electors shall vote by ballot and
d' the ballots used at sani election shall be of white pa
ls
V. per upon which shall be written these words, "For
D. the proposed annexation." "Against the proposed
to annexation." The vote shall be counted for or against
the proposed annexation as cast, but in every case
o when the name of the voter appears on his ballot the
s commissioners shall keep a record of how he voted
opposite his name on the list of voters. The election
no will be held under the general laws of the State, the
n poll will be open from the hour of six in the forenoon
in until seven in the Afternoon. Messrs. R. C. Greig.
n5- J. Edw. Martin and Ernest Constantin (ard in case
in one or more of said commissioners .fail or neglect to
rt, attend, then their places to be filled according to the
General Election laws of this State) have been ap
di pointed commissionersof the election. It shall be
he the duty of said commissioners to keep a list of the
fa- persons voting at such polling place which list shall
he be numbered from one and to the other, and shall be
be signed and sworn to as correct by the Commissioners
le- after closing the polls and the votes are counted.
be Before entering upon their duties the commissioners
a shall be sworn according to law. If no officer author
)n- ized to administer oaths be present to administer the
n-oath to the commissioners, it may be administered
as by any voter, or if no voter be present, by the com
og missioners to each other. The commissioners shall
at proceed to count the votes without moving the box
his from the room or place where the voters were receiv
ult ed, and in presence of any voter or voters who may
id desire to be present. Two tally sheets shall be kept
cx of the count, the tally sheets shall have the tallies
al marked in lines from the beginning to the end of the
page. and the total amount of the tallies shall be
en writteo in figures immediately after the end of the
r" tallies, and in letters, so as to prevent any alteration
as thereof, and after the count is completed, the ballots
all counted shall be put back in the box, which shall be
a immediately scaled, with the ballots therein. As
e soon as the votes have been counted and the ballot
the box scaled as above stated, the commissioners shall
9L. make two compiled statements of the votes cast, how
b many for and how -many against .the proposed an
cc- nexation, with the names of those voting for or
is- against annexation when their name appear on their
oP ballot. a record of which shall also be kept on th
the list of voters opposite the nameof each voter as afore
r- said, also the number of ballots contained in the box.
r the number of ballots rejected, if any, and the rea
to sons therefor. The compiled statements shall he
r- sworn to by the commissioners, the oath to be ad'
Sministered as before provided, and the compiled
iry statements, list of persons voting and tally sheets,
tlh shall be deliv-cred to the jfayor of said Town. within
on forty-eight hours after closing the poll at such election
er: togeter with the ballot box with the .ballots therein
the contained. At said election no person shall be allowed
aco to vote except those qualified to vote under the gene.
nt. ral election laws of the State, and whoreside in and
the upon the tots or lands proposed to be annexed to and
a included in the territorial corporate limits of the
im- Town of Lafayette. A. J. Moss,
It June Lath, 8g95. Mayor.
put
A sermon should be as short as
D the way is narrow it preaches of.
ow Women are sweet, but not sweet
i enough to preserve secrets in.
Beauty may palliate poverty, but
he it can't pay house rent.
)m
ore
the hanmberlain'.a De and Skin Ointment
Is unequalled for Eczema, Tetter, Salt
he Rheum, Scald Head Sore Nipples, Chapped
. Hande Itching Piies, Burns, Frost Bite
SChronc Sore Eyes and Granulated Eye Lid.
,hO For sale by druggists at 25 cents per box.
aid TO KORSM OWWEUSU.
ere- For putting a horse in a fine healthy con
in dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powders.
?' They tone up the system, aid digestion, cure
0on los of appetite relieve constipation, correct
riP kidney disorders and destroy worms, gavang
30. new life to an old or over-worked horse. 26
~ ents per pacmkage. For sale by drugistr.
this
In
Poor
Health
ich means so much more than
you imagmine--serious and
tal diseases result from
tri.fling ailments neglected.
SDor t play with Nature's
lrs greatest gif--health.
ind generally c-
an ohauntead, anetvos,
imhave no eppette
g Iand can't wort,.
roes begin at oneatek
Iago themoo sela
ed ble atrengtheninlI
lengscmedidneawhlchn.
illrow'm , Iron fit
En teen. A few bot
turn teies core-beneoit
L RO- C MALC3 BL*Mia Mse
alce rref, and It's
l5t pleasat so take.
: It Cures
itt Nuraigla Tril.bUs
lead. ConUtIn , Dd Blad
et lyhegn une--it bau ossed .ted
' i 01nto Ulull All othss aruonb.
i. to att. .r. of two Sc. eta we =
into wiR send sret eLe imeauWtifel
W g, rnnin lLOA
Who hd retail I
Ma clne.-Saied & Split 'Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine iKindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETlE, . - - - LOUISIAIJA.
Ofice and Yard near R. R. Depot.
n45-5.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
honus of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
AM-Next to Falk's Opera House.
TRAHAN & DOJUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAiAN.
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window 61ass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a-.d Stationery, -Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
Meilller's Perfumes
Prescript ons Compounded Day & Ng ht
-i--yg'
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
SPFINO OFININI
--AT-
Mrs John O. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes=
.And Stockings.
IO'lYOLES.
Are the
Mighest
of all
High
F Grades
t Warrantcd Sulpcrior to any Iic)cle Iuilt in the
World, regardless of Price. 
Read the following opinican of one of the most prominint Ante
rican denlers who has sold hb ndreds of these wheels:
li.ih tFran. V,.'.-1 ;:'o ',.- RtCI IONU D,. VA.. OCT. 2. Ar;,
R )eathr a leo'l' ire. t C-t oiur I, nke:.A c' C.at E . 1..': td.i.: ri.i, ' . .e n.:te
cr.eights. irs.... t.- he -ý y erct y Shl orn cr ;and l c llc cr.me t n hand beitwerdna.
e im, tpI "er- . e are afraid ytitiu hLve s «nt tl s the hie s i prti cd wha-he bt y mnisstake. "on can't
tl.-e Kh r 'l'iras, aVew,..4." mea to tell us thnt this ' +,"bet rtclr ls fIr Se? W\e t."st ::.y that it "s.. stth" lit
.I.t.s er , e1 xeptl "n, the Ipjretie.t whe l u e t r e a I. Ir.rer0 we ha l r e fai
s.. ...... - l l cih n .. fr ,l all a erle ' e pa sod thi
K e C II':.r 1 "ra n e )'E a r a taai -s t (.an al visit ; k o t a t is a r ig h t p sict, .lrr br -l. nC |,.n-b ee ve nt w
K qw  .r •  , S frnen tr turt tlokew, eiuher fr,'m u-cid .! ar deSfI. tar.d thalt ie wecre than
fraht ..-+ . . .. k i we c:an say say orf any Dkl:ar w heel. ):oar ea er Illgh tc . dr. .o cailed. that we sell.
"ltdie"." |;l-OP In .,. -1n-e IC e W cong atpaulate otusetles Cycle day tI,at we are thie weerlev aea -nts.
w ights anal 'i'ics....--73 1" 'ours truly. "Waturt C. |irtt.ce x i Co.
Ia,];-" I'^'-,v"l. V\Fl ( tlustrated Crtatlogu Free
Indiana Bicycle Co. I!AFIINlAFOLI$, 5 . ,
· ·- :
(Opposite So. Pac. AR' R. Depot.)
pYhi. R. GCi Err.TIL., Prop:
ard by the week or day. Meals at all
hours. Itates very reasonabule.
LA-FAVErE, - - - LA
C. A. Voorhies,
Address: Derbiny and Esplhar:de stre~t.i
NEW ORLEANS.
`Replresens-
WM. H. LEE &, CO.
Wholesale - liquorO.
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue, St. LOUIS, Mo.
Improve Your
_Stock.
By Breeding
to Pure Bred "HotLSTEIN BULL."
ireckinridge.
Fee, $2.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher
Fee, *2.50.
Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee, $1.OO
UJeual Prlulege or RPeturri
AT T. F. MYLES.'
Near Lafayette, La.