SP* Year 9fr p
C".O Jamib
isier, o, Gs f op.encro, e
n on businesslast Sunday. to
Mouton, of St. Landry bene
'i`. ; in Lafayettde this w~ ek. T
SBrousard went to Hous- tive
O' r il "he Cliff" Kennedy wa look
avistoto Mrs. A. A. Morgan, hi Lafa
sister, this week.n Lafayette tWe
Mrs.. 0. Daideau, "of Ville Platte, & Ss
is a visitor to Mrs. L. F. Rigues on S1
Lincoln Avenue. pain
Mvrs. Amanda Hayes, who has watc
been quite sick, we are glad to state, M
is almost entirely recovered. of ti
Armand Levy of the firm of Levy hou:
-& Bendel, Lake Charles, has been Orle
on a visit to his family here. fries
"Capt. Jagous" owing to slack M
business on the Tap has resumed rice
his "old post." mus
Mr. L. F. Salles who was sum
moned to Opelousas by the U. S. the
Court we notice is back. fror
Mrs. Tom Kelly has returned
after spending the hollidays with re- was
latives and friends in Alexandria. the
"Mrs. Tom B. Torian and daughter, ret
Miss Mattie, were in town calling on the
friefids Monday. F
Capt. Henry Garland, of Opelou- Opp
sas, passed through town on Wed- Prc
nesday. are
Mr. Thos. S. Folley spent Sunday ed
with friends " in his old home" We
Rayne. will
Miss Tenny Daughby, of Kaines (
City, Texas, isthe guest of her sis- of
ter, Mrs. I. A. Broussard. ing
Mrs. Mumme, of San Antonio, is ly
visiting her mother, Mrs. Erwin, ma
this week. thi
Felix Voorhies returned home this
week after an .absence of a couple Ga
of months in St. Mary parish. fro
F. A. Broussard, from Carencro, pal
was a visitor to our office last Wed- rei
neiday. soy
Alcide and Martial Bonvillain of of
T'errebonne parish, were the guests, sal
this week of their sister, Mrs. J. L.
Duhart.
Mr. E. H. Taliaferro, represent- H
ing the cotton firm of Hill & Co. of Di
Opelousas, was a visitor to our city t
on Friday Jan. 5-. f
Mrs. Felix Salles who has been in
home on a visit has returned, ac- tit
companied by her sister Miss. Lou cli
Wartell.
L. Lacoste, Don Louis Herpin,
J. P. Revillon, Alsin Breaux and
John Begnaud left Wednesday for a
three weeks' rest at the seashore.
John Comeau was in town Sunday, fe
John is now a resident of Jeannerette ju
where he is employed in a large mer- t
cantile house, as
The genial Alexis Voorhies con- tv
nected with A. Baldwin & Co. of tl
New Orleans, was with us a couple ai
of days this week. h
We are sorry to hear of the late
illness of Mrs. Dr. Hopkins and
hope to learn soon of her being out
again. g
Mr. D. V. Gardebled, after a few 1
days visit, returned to his home and v
business at Bay St. Louis on Tues
day morning.
Dr. Raoul Trahan, who has been
".sawing bones" in the ",charity hos
pital" for a month past, we are a
pleased to note is back at his post. I
The Gazette learns with pleasure
that its former editor, C. A. Thomas, I
has been appointed assistant cashier
of the St. Martinville Bank.
.. The building of a plank walk from
Mrs. Rigues' corner to the post-office I
would meet with the approval of a
number of residents on Lincoln
avenue.
Cheap'and common Spectacles
oftencause Head-Ache. To prevent
N this, call on T. M. Biossat and have
your eyes properly fitted. All
les and grades.
Miss Eliza Hopkins after a two
months visit to her sister, Mrs.
Williams of Greenville, Texas, has
returned, much to the delight of her
many friends..
Mr. Frank Hopkins, for a long
time connected with the Southern
Pacific at this place, has gone to
Opelousas to make his home. He
has-accepted a half interest in the
lumber business of Mr. Crawford of
*that place. Much success to you,
--Fi~4 -
C, A . Ions; of' _6pe
lousts, was doing some surveying in, La
pur parish on Saturday, settling the in a
long disputed Vondenbaumen vs revos
Jamieson line. the n
Mr. Bromwell, farmerly of Yazoo telegi
City, Miss., has been a guest at the tl
Sunset Lodge this week enjoying ceive
shooting over some of Mr. Myles' sheril
thoroughbred dogs. From all ac- two s
counts he has been quite successful. d a
had
We hear of an organization among The
the boys of a minstrel company. Lake
We understand it is their intention two I
to give an entertainment for the his g
benefit of the fire company. coal
The always welcome representa- made
tive of Mosler Bohman Safe Co.
of Cincinnati, Mr. A. Bichet, was The
looking after business for his firm in to the
Lafayette several days this week. prove
We hear he sold to Moutone e
& Salles a very pretty "strong box." usher
n Special attention paid to the re- whict
pairing of fine and complicated occas
watches at T. M. Biossat's, Jeweler. artisti
Mr. Ben Lewis the popular "night of te
posed
of the grip" representing the Drug of th
house of I. L. Lyons & Co. of New tales
Orleans, was shaking hands with Mout
friends in our city on Wednesday. Mrs.
Moat
k Miss Anna, daughter of Mr. Mau- Misse
d rice Mouton, who has decided Ada
musical talent, was most agreeably Regi
surprised on last Wednesday being Cruy
the aniversary of her eleventh year, Mast
by the present of a handsome piano
from her parents..
Our neighboring city, Carencro, of :
was well represented here during coui
the week. We noticed Mr. D. Cay- but
r, ret Henry Crouchet, Willie Couret, whet
n the Martin brothers and others. hisl
. Rev. 1. S. Randle, ex-pastor at last
n- Opelousas, who was to assume the whic
Protestant charge at this place, we It
are sorry to learn, has been detain- at
sy ed by the illness of his son, Robert. op
We hope the young man's recovery Bei,
will soon bring them in our midst. hel1
es Our friend "Ike" has a novel way
s- of heading off tramps, viz: by send His
ing his bear to the door. They bear- (Sal
is ly get in the gate before "Ike"
makes the "cub" show up. Need- Fro,
less to say, they don't want any
thing. ily
s Mayor Campbell informs The
le Gazette that he has received a letter Vi
from The Sun Vapor Light Com- rot
ro, pany of Memphis, stating that a pr,
rd- representative of that firm would
soon be in Lafayette for the purpose ge
of of contracting to furnish the neces- wa
.ts, sary light for the city. bo
L.
To Paint the Church no
Several gentlemen met at Falk's by
nt- Hall last Monday to organize a
of Dramatic Club that will give enter
ity tainments for the purpose of raising to
funds to paint the Catholic church. ex
Two plays, one in English and one an
en in French, will be rendered some
ac- time after lent. A meeting of the
.ou club will held be to-morrow when the jU
parts will be distributed and the
members will soon begin to rehearse. he
,in, - - ar
nd "A Dago Rat." B
r a Pizzo, the Italian fruit vendor
near the post office, is in possession
of a very peculiar animal which he «'
lay, found in a bananas box that he had O
:tte just received. It was hidden be- d
icr- tween the bananas and looks very
much like a rat. Its head and nose
are very pointed and it sports a tail
on- twelve inches long. Several gen- Il
of tlemen who saw it failed to throw h;
ple any light on the subject, but when b
shown to one of the railroad men,
he unhesitatingly pronounced it a
late ''dago rat." s1
and
Mardi Gras Ball b
A calico masquerade ball will be r
given at Falk's Opera House on
few Mardi Gras, Feb. 6. The Lor-au
and ville band will furnish the music.
tes- No invitations will be sent out. f
Admission for gentlemen, 50 cents. t
een Stole $10 from his Friend.
hos- Last Thursday.Marshal Vigneaux I
are arrested a negro named Albert
ost. Davis on a charge of stealing $xo
from another negro. Is appears I
sure that the two negroes, apparently on t
mas, freindly terms, went to bed in the
hier same room Wednesday, and during
the night Davis relieved his room
mate of $io. When arrested Davis
from admitted that he had committed the
ffice theft and he is now behind the bars
of a awaiting the next session of the dis
con trict court.
The Hilgh School
acles As per announcement in another
column of this paper the High
evn School will be opened on Monday,
have Jan. 22, under the direction of Prof.
All WV. A. LeRosen, whose services
have been engaged. Prof. LeRosen
comes to us highly recommended
twoby prominent citizens and leading
Mrs. educators of this State. He.is a
has graduate of the Peabody Normal
If her School of Nashville, Tenn., and is
a teacher of experienced, having
served as president of the Arcadia
long Male and Female College and of the
thern Simsboro Institute. of Bienville
ne to parish and having taught school a
He number of years in the State of
Georgia. The examination of pu
pils desiring to enter the High
>rd of School will take- place at the High
you, School building on Jan. z8 at zo
o'clock.
ll 1 T hiebvevs for w
·, Last Friday night thieves broke and I
in a show window at the store of have
Moss Bros & Co. and stole three
S revolvers iand a picnic knife. Early
the next morning Marshal Vigneaux Albe,
telegraphed to different points the this
t descriptions of negroes suspected of rema
the theft, and on Monday he re- cours
J ceived a telegram from a deputy dent
sheriff at Lake Charles stating that
two negroes answering descriptions it.
and in possession of some revolvers,
had been arrested at that place. cotto
g The marshal left immediately for was
Lake Charles and returned with the loca
a two prisoners one of whom confpssed
e his guilt while the other denied any -
complicity in the crime. They were meal
failed and the proper charge was crop
t- made against them. on tl
The Choir Feasted cane
Ls The dinner given by Rev. Father Forge agin;
n to the nmembers of the choir Sunday last ing t
. proved a most enjoyable one, and will long b
be remembered by the participants. Between we
the hours of twelve and one, the guests were like
ushered into the spacious dining room, bush
which had been befittingly decorated for the yet f
d occasion. The table which had also been fact(
r. artistically spread groaned under its weight Thef
it of tempting delicacies. Toasts were pro
posed and drank to the health and success expe
8 of the Beloved Pastor, and then to the adju
w talented and accomplished organist, Miss E. bott
th Mouton. Those present were: Mr. and
. Mrs. Alfred Mouton, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney
Mouton, Dr. and Mrs. Franklin Mouton, From
u- Misses E. Mouton, Alice and Aime Mouton;
d Ada Moss, Nellie Bailey, Isaure McDaniel, sugs
ly Regina Romero, and Messrs. H. Vander- We
ag Cruysen, Walter Mouton, Pierre Gerac, and
Masters Louis and Thomas DeBaillon. gins
no Death of P E Couvillon
Mr. P. E. Couvillon, died Friday at 6:30 sect
i. m. at his home near Carencro, at the age con
O, of 52 years, one month and IS days. Mr. pun
ng Couvillon was a native of Avoyelles parish mal
y- but several years ago moved to this parish, bus
where his death will be sorely felt. He
leaves a wife and eight children to mourn
rs. his loss. He died after having received the weC
at last sacraments of the Catholic church of Mi[
he which he was a devout member. Bet
we In politics deceased was a staunch Demo- nia
crat and was always a hard worker in the
in- ranks of the party, but was courteous to his Yol
rrt. opponents and always avoided personalities. The
ery Being kind and charitable, always ready to -
st. help the needy, he was loved and respected Ne
by all who knew him. In his death, the
parish of Lafayette loses a worthy citizen.
nd His burial will take place at Carencro to-day to
ar- (Saturday) at 8 o'clock.
ke" Carencro News. in
ed- From Onr Regular Correspondent.
ny- -Mr. O. P. Guilbeau and fam- bob
ily have moved into the cottage
['he formerly occupied by Mr. Edmond col
Lter Villere. The house has been tho- to
)m- rougly repaired and painted, and plc
t a presents a very nice appearance. the
uld -Mr. A. C Guilbeau, our ener- roi
ose getic member of the School Board,
:es- was present at the meeting of that sal
body in Lafayette last Saturday- to
-Many good reputations and a
noble characters lave been ruined
Ik's by idle gossip. It is strange how we
a a
ter- some people will permit themselves no
ting to draw on their immagination for ka
rch. expressions, which can not be of ",
one any earthly benefit to themselves, he
me- and yet work such irreparable in- an
the jury to others. th
the -Mrs. A. Cheffer has returned to
arse. home after a pleasant visit to friends of
and relatives in New Orleans and su
idor Berwick.
-Mr. Talliafero representing is
a he Wm. Hill & Co. cotton buyers of at
had Opelousas, was in town last Satur- h:
be- day. w
very -Mr. Pinkney D. Alpha and
tail Miss Hooper were married in New a
gen- Iberia last Wednesday. Mr. Alpha p
irow has been long and favorably known t(
vhen by the people of Carencro, who ex- d
len, tend to the happy couple their V
it a
sincere congratulations. s
-Mr. Rufus Mitchell has severed t'
his connection with the Teche Rail- k
I be road as yardmaster at Carencro, and
- o returned to his home at luka, Miss., i
sic. Mr. Mitchell made many warm
out. friends while employed here, and a
ents- there are many who regretted very i
much to see him leave. t
d. -Mr. L. Deleglise went to Bar- a
eaux breck a few days since.
$10 -Mr. Henry Crouchet, went to
pears Lake Charles last Monday to attend
ly on the meeting of the Board of Direc
the tors of the Teche Railroad anti
uring Sugar Company, which took place
Davis on the 9th inst.
d the -The following table showing
bars shipment of cotton from Carencro
edis- for the years indicated may prove
of interest to some of our cotton
handlers here.
mother Season 1888-89......2085 Bales
High , x889-90......2889 " "
n ay ,, , 1890-91......4580 " ,
rvices " 189I-92......3r33 "
Rosen The total spipment this year will
ended probably reach 5500 bales, which
ading gges to show that- not-withstanding
ormaal the great increase in acreage devoted
nd is to the cultivation of cane, cotton
aving still holds it own, and shows a steady
rcadia increase.
of the -Mrs. R. Frances and Miss
:nville i Armise Guilbeau left last Monday
mool a
ate of for a visit to friends in Natchitoches.
f pu- We trust that they may have an
High enjoyable time.
:High -Trains 82 and 83 are things of
at zo :the past.
-( Our town Council has a scheme
for working the streets of the town, "How
and if they can succeed, we Will they h
have the best in the parish. One
-Dr. W. W. Lessley and Mr. to see
Albert Guidry were in _Opelousas telegra
this week. The object of their trip and w
remains a mystery, and a lack of night.
courage prevents your correspon- came.
dent expressing his opinion about and th
it. the foi
-Nearly two thirds of the entire loving
cotton shipment- from this place, thers
was ginned by the two cotton gins and sb
located in Carencro. * minist
-It is feared that the slow settle- a mot
ments made for sale of the cane wings
crop this year may have a bad effect Fra
on the increased cultivation of sugar compl
post 0
cane, the coming season, discour- he we
aging some of our planters and driv- fare
ing them back to cotton culture, but for a
we believe, that to the manufacturer his hI
e like the planter it is entirely a new ci E
business, and that no proper plan has alrs.
e yet been devised that will work satis- 313 s
n factorily to both buyer and seller. mour
, There is however, no doubt that past sacre.
s experience and the coming year will
ie adjust matters to the satisfaction of
both. TOTIDEM VERBrS.
Royville Items. Hi
t, From Our Regular Correspondent. they
M; -Royvillians are calling for a beas
sugar Refinery and a Railroad switch. sumI
We will get both, or we will go beg
ging. Watch and see ! T.
-Lagrippe is prevailing in this
o section in an epidemic form. Its
ge complications with bronchitis or Al
r. punumonia make it a dreaded and
sh malady. Physicians are kept very Jam
le busy.
rn -The following students left last
he week for their various schools. ST
of Misses Nita and May Scranton,
Beulah Young, Leah Landry, Simo
o- nia Broussard, and Messrs. Charles I
his Young, G. G. Scranton and W.
es. Theriot.
to -Mr. J. R. Domengeaux visited eB
ed New Iberia Monday, on business. - Lou
tile -Dr. Dupleix is up and attending of
en. t: ici
ay to business. pari
-The "'news" "notes" and "dots" did
in a public point of view, is but an the
"item" compared to the bad and tax,
m- boggy roads of Lafayette parish. of
ige -We feel that our mild remarks iut
nd concerning the roads lately amount an
io- to something, as we notice with .
.nd pleasure the several repairs made on cn
the boggy holes on the Lafayette Ai
er- road. Thanks-Tata-Merci.
rd, -Mrs. Scranton, we are sorry to A.
hat say has been quite sick lately. It is Ca
to be hoped that her illness will be s
ad a short one.
ied -Suppose Col. "Dubardieu"
Low would mount "Plough-horse" and -
ves Inotify "'Totidem Verl;is" whom we
for know would willingly escort Miss
of ,,Betsy Jane" to "Hump-back's
es, home, where a council could be held,
in- and all agree to cut down that ,;
thorny vine, "Cherokee," in order
ned to facilitate the repairs of the roads
nds of this parish. This is merely a
and suggestion. er
-Our good friend Rodolph Roy
ting is lately wearing an unusual broad ,
of and widegrin. Can it be that he in
tur- has been inpersonating Rome! Who,
we wonder will be the fair Juliette.
and -The public school under the
ewi able management of Prof. Webb, is I
Ipha progressing in all respects satisfac
own torily. The pupils are perfectly
ex- disciplined and they all say that Prof ti
heir Webb has taught them more in the "
short while that, he has been with o
Bred them, than all other efforts com
bail- bined together. e
and -Some of the critics are mention- t
iss., ing all other towns of the parish, as
arm "suitable sites" for sugar refineries C
and with Royville excepted. Our town
very has been silently and quietly forgot
ten or slighted. Space in this week's
Bar- i/ems will not permit us to say much
about the subject. \Ve will endeaver
it to next week, to prove to the many
ttend readers of the newsy Gazette, that
irec- Royville is a suitable site for either
and refinery, foundry and etc.
lace -We trust our friends.will excuse
our personal mention in this week's
wing correspondence. A short trip to,
ncro the Cresent City Tuesday the cause.
rove Whilst in New Orleans we met
tton several of our former Lafayette resi
dents who treated "ye correspon
Bales dent" royally. CHEROKEE.
SNECROLOGY.
r Died at the residence of Mrs. Dunn
, Algiers, La., on Wednesday morning, Jan,
uary 3 at 1t:15, Frank C. Bowen, aged 24
years and nine months.
vhich Frank Bowen belonged to that noble
nding brotherhood of railroad men whose guiding
voted star in life through summer's heat and win
otton ter's cold is Duty, and it was while in the
Sperformance of his duty that was caught
teady between two box cars at Lafaette and hurt,
from which injury he never fully recovered.
Miss One of the first acts of Hion. Overton Cade
Dnay after taking charge of the New Orleans Mint
nches. was to appoint Frank to a position, which he
filled with credit to himself, and satisfaction
Ye an to the Superintendent, making friends of
all with whom he came in association.
•gs of When the writer of this imperfect and hum
Sble tribute to his memory was summoned to
:heme hil be.!sidc, trhe first words lie uttered was,
*"How are the boys." And when told that
they had sent their regards, a smile of satis
factioni lit up his countenance.
One of the chief desires of his heart was
to see his two sisters in Mobile who had been
telegraphed for, but only one could come,
and would arrive at Io:30 p. m. on Thursday
night. His brother, William, told him he
must take courage and hold out until she
came. -*Yes," he said, "1 will do my best,"
and though the train came late it brought We
the fond and loving sister, clasped in whose
loving arms, supported by his fond bro
thers William and Johnnie, with good bye to
his absent sister, and with Jesus on his lips,
and surrounded by kind friends who had
ministered to his wants and nursed him like
a mother, his pure spirit borne on angel
wings was wafted to the eternal City of God.
Frank was a great sufferer, but he never
complained, and always wanted to be at his
post of duty. With a true and manly heart
he was ever ready.to contribute to the wel
fare of others. He was born in Mobile, but
for a number of years had made Lafayette
r his home. Hie leaves two brothers, Judge
W E. and John F. Bowen of the Southern
Pacific railroad at Lafayette and two sisters,
Mrs. WV. T. Airey and Miss Mamie Bowen
313 St. Emanuel street, Mobile, Ala., to
mourn his loss. Well may we with the
t sacred poet say:
l " Unveil thy bosom, faithful tomb,
Take this new treasure to thy trust,
And give these sacred relics room,
To slumber in the silent dust. "
His remains were taken to Mobile where
they were laid to rest by kind and loving hands.
May our lives be as pure, and may our end
be as his, calm and serene as the fading of a
summer's day. A FRIEND
If you want good silverware go to
T. Ar. Biossat's.
is Notice.
r All parties indebted to the undersigned,
desiring to avoid costs would do well to call W
and make a satisfactory settlement before
y JaRnary 1, 1894.
Dec. 7, 1993. J. J. REVILLON.
at Tax Sale.
S STATE OF LOUISIANA-PAR
ISTH OF LAFAYETTE.
0
es I. . Broussard, Sheriff and Tax- L
. Collector vrs. Leon Plonsky.
d By virtue of the authority vested in me by
the Constitution and laws of the State of
- Louisiana, I will sell at the principal door
of the Court Liouse in which the civil dis
trict court of said parish is held, in the said
parish within the legal hours, for ju
.n dicial sale, on
Saturday, February, 17, 1894,
the following described property on which
nd taxes are now due to the State of Louisiana
anl parish of Lafayette to enforce collection
of taxes assessed in the 1892, together with
-ks interest thereon from the 31st day of
December, IS92, at the rate of one per cent
a month until pail paid, and all costs:
ith One lot 34: one-half of lot 35 in the old
on corporation; one 1.alf of lots 136 and 137
in 5luutott's Additi ,": lot 120 inl Mouton's
tte Addition vacant. :ate tax $27.80; parish Sc
$13.90
Eighty acres of land bounded noth by C.
to A. Mouton and South by N. Baziles.
tis rw.,rv ancres bo..nded No:t by A.
Cayar.. and So.th b-ingleion. State tax,
be 55.55; Parish $925. Total. $46.50.
I. A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff and Tax Collector.
L ,afayette, La., Jan. 13.
we Sheriff's Sale.
[iss I. A. roussard, Sheriff and Tax
k's Colector, ^vs. Isa'c Dug es.
By virtue of the nuthority vested in me by
at t': Constitution of tile .saws. of l.ouisi.tla, I
der Vill sell for ca.sh, at public auctio~:, at the
1, nt door of the Court iluic of mc Parish I
ads ,,t .afayette, winitin the legal hb, is fo, ju li
a cial sales, on SATURI)A1", JAN. ro 1894
tae following mentioned and described prop
erty, to-wit:
tay One PISTIOL.
to enforce collection of poll tax, assessed in
oad 1,s9, against said isaac t)ugas, and all costs
he incurred.
I. A. BROUSSARD. Sheriff.
ho, Lafayette, Jan. 6 1893.
:te. Sheriff's Sale
, is I. A. Broussard, Sheriff and Tax
fac- Collector, vs. Gustave Savoy.
ctly By virtue of the authority vested in me by
?rof the Constitution and Laws of Louisiana, I
the will sell for cash, at public auction, at the
front door of the Court House of the Parish
with of Lafayette, within the legal hours for ju
dicial sales, on SATURII)AV,JAN. 20, 1894,
am the following mcntioned and described prop
erty, to-wit :
ONE IIORSE
ion- to enforce collection of poll tax, assessed in
, as 1893, against said Gustave Savoy and all
costs incurred.
eries I. A. BROUSSARD, Sheriff.
own l.,fayette, Jan. 6, 1894.
rgot- Sheriff's Sale
cek's -
iuch I. A. Brouss r,, Sheri-t and Tax
aver Collector, .s. Guillaumne Broussard.
hat By virtue of the authority vested in me by
the Coustitution and Laws of Louisiana, I
ther will sell for cash, at public auction, at the
front door of the Court liouse of the Parish
of Lafayette, within the legal hours for judi
cuse cial sales, -n SAIURDAVY JAN. 20, 1894.
ek's the following mentionedl and described prop
erty, to-wit:
Stt FOURTEEN BARREI.S OF CORN.
to euforce collection of poll tax, assessed in
use. , against said Guillaumne Broussard and
met all costs incurred.
resi- i. A. BROUSSARD. Sheriff.
Lafayette, Jan. 6, '893.
E. Dr. J. L. Duhart,
A practicioner in the State 22 years; and in
un- Lafayette parish It years, calls attention to
Jan, his New and Successful treatment of the res
ged 24 peratory organs. Medical inhalations com
bined with constitutional treatment affording
oble a cure in Consumptives, in the first and sec
oole nd period if they follow exactly the treat
iding i ment and relief in the third period.
Swin- IDeafness and chronic diseases in general a
n the specialty.
aught NOTICE.
hurt, All persons indebted to the old firm of
,verd. Jos. Plonsky & Son must settle with the
Cade undersignedl, who has purchased all of said
accounts. All accounts not settled within
is Mint i 15 days, will be collected with cost.
ich he h1ANNAH PLONSKY.
action NOTICE,
Is of All parties are hereby warned to keep their
iation. hogs off my premises, or I will not be respon
I hum- sinic for same. They are damaging my prop
ned to erty. PIERRK REV1LLON.
Iwast; 2-t
Columbian Cashi
Fresh- Garden Seeds.
We have never kept seeds before, consequentIhI
are fresh
ONE. CAR. OF FLOUR
JUST RECEIEVED,
Extra Fancy and Best Patent.
MOUTON & SALLES.
T1. M1. 1IO 8 8A
PRACTICAL
VWatchmaker and Jeweler',
DEALER IN
Watches, Clocks, Jewelery. Diamondos
iWEDDING and BIRTHDAY FRESENTS--SPEdG'
TACLES A SPECIALTY=
-iilExpress or mail orders promptly.
T M BIOSSAT
LOCK BOX 137, LAFAYETTE, LA,
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J- E. TRAHAN,
ofof -AND DEALERS IN-
, Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books and Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars,
C. Me!llier's Perfumes
X; Prescriptions Compounded Day & Nig h t
t-16-93 sy
Miss Louise Revillon
SSolicits a -
isic Vsit to '~e
x A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
hy THE LATEST STYLES
a, I
the
arish
894,
rop
Sin A. J. MOSS. A. EMII.E MOUTON,
1 all
. MOSS & MOUTON
ard.
eby At WHOLESALE and RETalL
1n1, I
the OFFI CE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
jLAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
1894.
pO) Cypress aud Pine Lunmber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,* Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
a Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and M!ower. Eagle plows, WValking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
res- Wagons, Cisterns.
trcat
SMrs. John O. Mouton,
r of NEW AND SEASONABLE
Lh the
t MILLINERY GOODS
SUCH AS
p Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries, Etc.