4 Year.
ithis paper to
usable to see,
' ` i een furnished to us,
porrorn wl 4a*j ld ilkely becomesubscribers,
_ -,: and sils~.Lon.luueh( • l o send them until notified I
{tibdos* pegasdingeon-refisal to receive
i. - siE.leatig a wish to be considered sub
b`rilrs. The subscription price is so low
--one dollas per year-that we hope every
one will become subscribers, and send us the
aiount of subpription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
'1.i W, B. 'Bailey is having an ahnex
built to his house.
.Mrs. Livron is having some repairs made
to the front of her hotel building.
Mr. W. F. Beatty, a deictist from Crow
ley, was in Lafayette Wednesday.
Our good friend Numa Breaux from Prai
rie Basse was in town Tuesday on business.
Lalies and children haircutting at domi
cile. L. P, Bagarry
The Gazette's friend, Clerfe Sonnier,
fatP Scott, called to shake hands Monday.
'Tie political cauldron, for the town of
fices, to be elected on the the first of May,
is simmering.
Pierre Bernard, a substantial planter from
the neighborhood of Carencro dropped in to
see The Gazette Monday.
Mr. Alex Meaux who had gone to New
Orleans for medical treatment, was in town
this week looking in finehealth.
Mr. and Mrs. B. E. Clarke, of Plaque
mine Brulee, were-visitors to our town this
wicek.
Miss Lizzie Parkerson has returned home
from a pleasant visit to relatives in New Or
leans and Baton Rouge.
Mr. Leopold Lacoste has received a large
stock of shelf hardware and agricultural im
plements.
Mr. and Mrs. Felix Laurents, of Lake
Arthur, are visiting their uncle and aunt,
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Monnier.
Miss Ada Waters, a charming young lady
from Alexandria is spendiag some days with
her kinfolk, Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Biossat.
Judge C. Debaillon went to New Orleans
Friday and returned Saturday, on business,
taking with him his young son, Thomas.
Messrs. W. B. Clark and E. M. Thomp
son, from Duson, were pleasant callerd at
The Gazett- office Wednesday.
Messrs. G. O. and P. O. Couvillon, from
the neighborhood of Carencro, were pleas
ant callers at The Gazette office Monday.
The boys went out to the grounds last
Sunday and had some practice, preparatory
to organizing a base ball club.
Mr. S. A. Knapp, on: of the directors of
T'sl Tecite Sugar Comipany, was in l.afa
yette \I.n'lay.
SGe to B.tg.rry for a good shave and hair
cut.
Mr. T. M. Biossat made a flying trip to
l.Axandri.t Saturday and returned Sunday,
.ith his wife andn childr-n, wh" had been
on a visit to recativcs in that town.
" z Mr. G(us. I.acoste is having a tasty build
i; put up a' to his store, whi. h when
finish s:, will b.: o.cupied by Cornu:it lig
gi dwotham a.s ,. barb:r s',-p.
The Gazr:tc ha.; had the ip!easur- of shak
ing hands wsith many of its friends fr,.m dif
ferent parts of the parish, who were in town
' attet.ding the present session of court.
Some interesting races took place on the
track near this town last Sunday, and, quite
a large crowd was present, among the nun,
ber being many strangers.
Mrs. Cow y's ice-cream parlors are de.
" servedly well patronized. Besides ice.
cream nice corl lemonade, cakes, etc., arc
kept and courteously served.
The Gazette has received an invitation to
attend a ball to be given at Rayne this ev
ening under the auspices and for the bene
fit of Hope Hook and Ladder Company ol
that town. To those who wish to enjoy a
pleasant evening this is an opportunity.
The Gazette is requested to state that fron
next Monday the office of registrar of vo
ters will be opened at the court-house, fot
the purpose of registering those qualified
and who wish to vote at the municipal elec
tion on the Ist of May. The office will aist
be kept opened on election day.
Mr. S. Georgiades wishes to announce tc
the public that he has just received some
fine Kentucky apple and Maryland peach
cider which he is selling ice-cold. He will,
giso, have ice-cream three times a week,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays.
Upon the occasion of the nineteenth birth
day of their daughter, Miss Mamie, Mr. A
Lisbony and wife, gave a dancing party i.
honor of the event last Monday night. There
were a number of people present and al
seemed to enjoy themselves very much
Miss Mamie received many very pretty sou
venirs of the day. It was a very pleasan
affair. We hope Miss Mamie will have
many returns of the day.
The King's Comedy Company played
Friday week at Falk's Opera House, ans
again Sunday night, presenting on the lattel
day, Mrs. Burnet's dramatized story, "Littli
Lord Fauntleroy," to a crowded house
There is an agreeable contrast between thi!
sterling organization of talented people, an_
the many inferior troupes that we have bees
afflicted with. This excellent company pre
sents only legitimate plays, well rendered,
and deserve crowded houses wherever the]
go.
The Gazette is indebted to Mr. Oscar L
Alpha for complimentary tickets to the ex
eursion that is to run from Thibodeaux ti
Opelousas, on the 3oth instant, for the profi
and tnder the auspices 4 the Hope Hool
and Ladder Company of Franklin. Thi
is a fine chance to enjoy an outing, an,
many will, no doubt, take advantage of th,
opportunity. The price for a round tril
ticket from Lafayette to Opelousas is 75 cents
Dr. G( Glade lihs' Tturnedl to Mserslentatu,
" after spending a few days in town.
Year. Mss Adelaide Lovenshpold after apleasant
sojourn among us left Monday night for her
home in Corpus Christi, Texas. a
aper to
o see, Dr. Roy Young and sister, Miss Maud,
d to us,, and Rudolph Domengeaux, of Royville,
cribens, were in attendance at the "Little Diamonds"
notified on Thursday night.
receive -Dr. F. E. Girard left Sunday for New Or
red sub- leans,- where he goes to occupy the possitio n
so low of resident surgeon in the Eye, Ear, Nose
e every and Throat Hospital. His many friends
d us the wish him success.
Mlr. C. T. Higguis and Miss Rose Cayard
were united in marriage, last Wednesday,
the ceremony taking place at the bride's
home. The Gazette joins with the many
annex friends of the young married couple in wish
ing them a long life of happiness and pros
rs made. parity.
Crow
m Prai
.usiness. A speciality at T. M. BtossA.r, watch
t domi- mdkcr and jeweler. Call and let me give
you a fit.
onner, Some Observations.
_Jonday. A Gazette man was out in Brousaardville
and Royville Monday, and was pleased to
own of- note the many improvements going on in that
of May, section of our Parish, one thing that struck
him rather forcibly is the general prosperity
ter fromn of, and feeling of hope for the future by
ed in to the people. The store keepers have large
and varied stocks of merchandise, ased ap
pear to be doing a very satisfactory business.
to New The crops in the neighborhood, while a
in town little backward, owing to the recent spell of
cold we have had during the past few days,
Plaque- and especially has its effects been felt by
ýwn this the cane, still, as a whole, the out look is
very encouraging.
ed home The roads are ia splendid condition mak
>ew Or- ing traveling over them a pleasure.
Farm operations are being prosecuted
with much energy and we noted some intel
a large ligent cultivation in more than one place.
oral im- By intelligent farming we mean that some of
the farmers are putting in a diversity of
f Lake crops, and are not depending so much on
d aunt, a single one. This is wisdom, and will pay
in the- r.g run.
g lady This is a great pouifry country, nearly
ys with every farmer has his poultry yna..1, and marke
)ssat. it contribute largely to household expenses.
One lady Mrs. Albert Landry in the vici
Orleans nity of lroussardville, has some 600 chicks,
masiness, and a much larger number of grown chick
,_as. ens. This lady has sold as high as $15
Thomp- worth of eggs at so cents a dozen, in one
iler - at week, and averages a very handsome
amount throughout the year. We are told
that the range is such that raising poultry
on, from entails such little labor that it becomes a
e pleas- pleasurable recreation, besides being quite
Monday. profitable.
tds last We also had the pleasure of visiting the
paratory public school in Broussardville taught by out
friend, Claude Latiolais. There is a no
ticeable entente cordiale between the chil
ectors of clren and teacher, and we are informed that
n I.afa- the parents are well pleased with the pro
gress made by their children.
nld hair
The Little Diuntonds.
trip to A largl concourse of people was preseni
Sunday, at the ent rtainment of the "Little lina
ad been n.ondls" at Falk's opera house Thursday,
and they n'tnessed and enjoyed a very in
ty build- tcresting prngrammae, admirabll rendered.
h when IThe chil Iren, in their several parts
tr ii- sh'wecd an r;titt t anl thorough drilling, in
.dub t thly clmonst ating the painstaking an.
inte :gent instruct;on tecy had received.
of shak- The scentic effects were very pleasing tc
fri,. dif- tsic view, especially p!casing was the harmo
in town nijus blending of the profu.ion of flowen
rt. which decorated the stage, in fact, all the
e on the I:etails, and adjuncts necessary to a success
nd, quite 'ful rendition of the cast, was most admira
he nut- bily employed and utilized.
While some of the children did a little
better titan others, stillit would be invidiou!
are de- to particularize where all did their best anc
des ice- many so well, consequently we say to then
etc., are all : You have done splendidly, and the ap
probation manifested by the liberal applause
itation to wvas merited, and The Gazette compliment
this ev- you. And deserving of the highest prais;
ne bene- are the ladies who so graciously gave theil
npany of appreciated assistance, to make the eutertain
enjoy a ment all the more enjoyable.
ty. At the conclusion of the dramatic enter
tainment the hall was cleared, and the young
thatfrom folks indurged in the fascinating mazes ol
r of vo- the dance to the sweet strains of the Lafay
use, for ette strintg band, ond which lasted until ad
qualified monished by the too hasty flight of time tha
al elec- pleasure must cease and repose sought.
will also The whole furnished a very agreable re
creation, and the compliments paid to the
ounce to management were many, and The Gazett,
ed some takes pleasure in adding, were fully de
nd peach served. The following is the
He will, PROGRAMME:
a week, Music. ... .................... .By the Band
rs. The Spring Festival ..........
Music ...... ................Miss Ida Hopkins
athbirth- The Doll Drill ............ 16 Little Diamonds
, Mr. A. Song: Texas Cowboy ...............Misses
party in Afattie Hopkins and Orin Hopkins
here Entertaining Big Sister's Beaux..............
............................. ... Tillie Deverne
t and all Mfusic ................... ..Miss Lea Gladu
n much. The Quack Doctor......Godfrey Salomon
e so -. ........................................ and others
esn Recitation: A Similar Case...Anna Hopkin
pleasant Duet................. ....L. Miller and C. Bienvent
willhave Recitation : Vashti ........... frs. Wmin. Walker
ufic ................................ Chas. Baudier
That Dreadful Boy .............................Farce
played In concluding this imperfect compee rend
use, and The Gazette wishes to make this observation
the latter When a lady is kind enough to give her as
"Little sistance to a worthy cause, she deserves the
d house, highest commendation and wanmest thanks
reen this and every sense of honor, manhood, am
aple, and chivalry exacts that she should not be dis
are been turbed by the exhibition of gallery got
pany pre- methods, as was the case in one instande
endered, It is not necessraay to say more, the ac
ver they speaks for itself.
An Important Capture.
Oscar L. During the night of the storm, some day
the ex- since, three prisoners, one white man heh
xleaux to for safe blowing in Houston, and two ne
the profit gioes, one under sentence of death for :
pe Hook criminal assault, and the other for burglary
in. This escaped from the I.ake Charles -jail. Slher
ing, and if[ Broussard had been apprisedl of the es
ge of the cape. Mlnday Ct,ndrluctor Vosslbrg asn
und trip crew. when near Crowley, discovered the
75 cents. three men in a box car, andl suspecting tha
sisentat, theimight be the escaped prisoners, pro
ceeded at once to secure them, and after'a
pleasant desperate struggle the white man was held
for her and locked in a ltox car, brought here and
turned over to the sheriff, but the two ne
groes, for the time being, escaped. Tues
Maud, day, Mr. Henry Church, the yardnaster,
o~yville, saw two suspicions looking negroes loitering
monds" around, and with C. Olivier and J. B. C.ommes
held them and notified the sheriff, and they
Jew Or- proved to be the right men, although they
assition tried to deceive the ulficers by saying they
- Nose had just come from chopping wood at sotme
friends wood camp. All three are now safely in
carcerated in the Lake Charles jail. The
:Cayard sheriff turned the prisoners over to the Cal
Inesday, casieu parish authorities without making any
bride's charges. A baseless rumor had gained some
. many currency to the effect that the sheriff and
in wish- Marshal Bradley had received an offered
id pros- reward for the capture. We are requested
to state that this rumor is false, and that the
sheriff has not only not received any re
ward for the capture, but knows of none
being offered. And, further, shouldt there
be one it will gq every cent of it, to the
railroad men who caught the prisoners.
watch- Board of Assessors.
te give The State Board of Assessors for railroads, tele
graph and telephones for this district, met in Lafa
yette, Friday, Aprit at. The following parishes were
represented : Avoyalles. D. B. Hudson; Acadia,
iardville B. E. Clark; bleria, P.L. Renondet; Jeffersonm, .
ased to H.. Marrero; Lafayette. C. C. Brown; Rapides. J.
Barstow; St. Charles, J. W. Frellsen; St. Mary, J.
Ninthat N. Burguieres; St. Martin, E. A. Df.hamp; Terre
t struck bonne,J. N. McBride; parishes not represented: La
asperity fourche. St. Landry, Calcasieu and Assumption.
sture by Mlesars.J. Krutchnitt, R. Natili andJ. J. Parker
e large son represej:ed the Morgan railroad.
Mr. C. C. Brown was elected president and Mr.
titd ap- P. L. Rennudet secretary.
susiness. After much contention the Ioard fixed the follow
while a ing rates of assessment: Mlorgan main line. $75o,
spell of per mite. an increase of $5oo over last year's asss
meat; all-branch roads. $3500 per mile; I.ouisiana
w days, Wstern railroad. 700ooo per mite: Western Union
felt by Telegraph. two for t to a wires; ars, for 3 to 5 wires:
look is $a5 additional for every wire over 5; teiephone. $3o
per running mile.
on mak- * Wedding Bells.
At the residence of the bride's father, Mr.
secuted J. M. Jones, at Pecan Grove, Lafayette par
se intel- ish, Miss Florence Belle Jones and Mr. Har
place. ry A. Simms, were united in marriage, the
some of Rev. Mr. Armstrong, officiating.
rsity, of Mr. Simms is a resident ot Kansas City,
ouch on Mo., to which place the contracting couple
will pay went on the day after the ceremony, there to
commence together the happy future which
nearly their friends wish for them.
id maie The bride, who up to Saturday eve, was
xpenses. Miss Flossie Tones, the life of a circle of
the vici- friends, the pretty, winsome Miss Flussie,
chicks, now leaves the home of her girl-hood to
t chick- journey with the husband of her choice to a
as $15 distant home to take her part in the new
, in one sphere of duty which awaits her. May their
andsome present happiness never lessen and may a
are told bright and prosperous career be theirs.
poultry The entertainment at the home of Mr.
comes a Jones was a most. delightful and enjoyable
ig quite one. The repast served after the ceremony
was elegant and dainty, and made more at
ting the tractive by the profusion of flowers, ever
it by our greens, and chinese lanterns which decorated
sa no- the pavilion under the stately pecan trees,
he chil- where the guests partook of the welding
ted that feast, so liberally provided.
The bridal party in its grouping under the
the pro- floral umbrella, during the solemn ceremony,
was a lovely picture to the beauty-loving eye.
To the strains of a wedding march played
by Mrs. E. W. Glenn, the bride and groom,
and attendants took their proper places.
present The costumes of the youttng la lies w. re
tie inia- beconting and bright. The central figure,
hursday, the bride, was altirel in white gros-g 'ain
very in- silk entr,tine with trimmings of pearl. anttd
dered, point lac,', andl wre upon her dark h:air the
S t .tditional fhumy veil and snowy orange
d parts, blossom;.
lling, in- The atteundnnts nere Miss l.nlie Jones, in
king atns can y silk, t ith MI'. l)urke of Washing..m,
ted. I.a.; Miss Emmna t,,nes, most lovely, in tile
ved. greetn silk, with Mr. G :orge clt:hi.,r, of
casing to Carencro; .li.s Li .ti Smitht, of Grand Co
haritno- tea' in pink silk, with Mr. Fr -d. Jones.
f flowers Aumong the other young ladies present
were .Miss Madeleine Melchior, of Carencro,
t, all the in white silk and lace; Miss Ruby Wallace,
success- of Lafayette, in pink silk and white muslin;
admira- and Miss Virginia Smith, of Grande Coteau,
in creanm ottoman silk.
Quite a number of ladies and gentlemen
from Lafayette, Carencro, Grande Coteau,
invidious and other neighboring towns, were present.
best and Sweet music (notably the "'Lonely Bird" a
to them vocal duet by the Misses Jones), and happy
laughter, made gay the pleasant home, and
the ap- the guests will not soon forget the pleasant
applause scenes presented to their view upon this hap
ipliments py occasion. L. R. D.
t praise Carencro, La,, April s6th. 1893.
Ive their Carencro News.
utertain- From Our Regular Correspondent.
Mr. Moorman, representing Dunn's Mer
ic enter- cantile agency, was in town last week, look.
ie young ing after the interests of his company.
mazes of *
Lafay- The Farme' Union intend builling an
ntil ad- annex to their cotton ginnery, to be used as
time that a meeting hall.
eable re- The following ticket has been submitted
id to the to the voters of Carencro--municipal elec
Gazette tion to take place on May at : For Mayor,
fully de- D. A. Dimitry; for councilmnen, Dr. F. vW.
Courtney, l)r. J. P. Francez, G. IH. Guil.
beau, Saul Broussard and A. Cheffer, which
he Band. so far, seems to receive the unanimnous ap
proval of our citizens.
hIopkins.
lamonds. Another wedding on the tapis. Our young
Hpkins. !ads and lassies are putting their thinking
caps on. The Gazctte will give further in
Deverne. formation shortly.
:a Glado. **s
dm hers. The Attaka'jas Medical association will
Hopkins hold its annual meeting in New lberia on
Bienvenu May 2.
Walker. The account of the Apfel case, which ap
.Farce. peared in the New Orleans papers recently,
te re-sed go to prove how much parents are at the
ervation: mercy of miserable, vindictive, vicious negre
re her as- nurses, to whom they confide the care o1
erves the their children. It is a warning. and should
t thanks, prove a lesson, to some mothers who do not
ood, and exercise enough care in selecting nurses.
t be dis- *
lery god People owing vacant lots in town, should
inatan. t least have them fenced in, it would im
, the act prove the general appearance of the place,
and increase the chance of selling the lots, ii
desired. *.
C. Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Guilbeau went to
me days Jeannerette last Saturday to spend a few
tan held days with relatives at that place.
two ne- a
th for a Mr. Ralph W. Elliott, a former citizen oh
burgla Carencro, and one of Lafayette's attorneys,
uiry was in town last Sunday.
Judtlge E. i.. Estilette has furnished the
rg and required bnd, and is now a full-flerged
red the otairy public. 4**
ting that Mr. Geo. E. Brow.- is tasking preparatio~nt
-rs, pro- to move into his new store building, whicl
I after'a now presents a fine appearance, having beet
ras helde fully repaired. His residence has also beet
ere and remodelled, and repainted. Mr. G. H. Guil
two ne- beau will occupy the building vacated by Mr
Tues- Brown. ,4*
dn-aster. Mrs. L. A. Veazey and Mrs. Fred. Veazey,
loitering of New Iberia, are in town visiting relatives
Commcs w*e
and they The cane crop, so far, is in good shape.
ugh they
ing they The biographical sketch of General De
at sonice Clouet in last Sunday's Times-Democrat, is
ifely in- well worth reading, and will prove very in
il. The teresting to those whose good fortune it is
the Cal- to be acquainted with any member of the
king any family bearing that honored name.
cd some *i*
riff and Many of our citizens were in Lafayette
offered this week attending court, either as jurors or
:quested witnesses.
that the * *
any re- Mr. A. C. Guilbeau has purchased from
of none Dr. Durio, of St. Martinsvilie, the magni
Id there ficent stallion "Bourbon."
to the TOIoIDEM VaRBIs.
rs.
Broussardville Drizzlings.
,ads tlet- From Our Regular Correspondent.
in lafa
ishes were It is a sad trnth that the Southern capital
Acadia. ist is averse to risking his wealth in yen
erson. L. tures which would in.rease that wealth ma
tapdes.J. terially. Contrary to his Northern neighbor
Mary0 J.
ap; Terre- (who uses his wealth only as a means to
:nted: La- make more) the Southerner once he has a
"ion. fair portion laid by will think that he has
;. Parker- enough for his family and himself, and will
land Mlr. lead a life of indolence and splendor. To
this apathy is it due that thus far manufac
te totlow- tures and refineries in the Parish of Lafa
line. $75+0 yette are phantoms which live only in the
l. aisiana imaginatlon.
n Union But a change for the better has begun.
s 5 wires: Already one of our "material" men has con
hone. $3o tracted for large machinery to build a
steam sugar mill which be intends to com
plete by the necessary apparatus for a refi
her, Mr. nery in a year or two. "Il n'y a que le
tte par- premier pas qui coute" as the French proverd
sr. Har- says, and we hope that other capitalists at
age, the large will follow in the make of Mr. Billaud,
-and by the very fact of substituting the
las City, cane to the cotton industry, abolish altoget
couple her the credit system, which is the ruin of
there to both merchant and farmer, and establish a
re which firm cash business. With this we shall pass
un to our subject.
eve, was The first requisite is a great amount of
circle of water to use as a steam producer. There
Flossie, being no natural body of water around Mr.
S Billaud's place, the dIficiency must be made
-hood to up tnro..,'. artificial means. Hence he has
oice to a contracted for an artesian w~ . -We know
the new that the name is derived from Artois, in
ay their France, where such wells originated. The
object of an artesian well is to have water
id may a rise by the mere pressure of water. This is
rs. founded upon the law of physics "that water
of Mr. seeks its own level." Thus the contractor
ujoyatle at Mr. Billaud will dig until he strikes a vein
njoyalle of water, which has its head in some moan
eremony talus, the mountains of Virginia, or further
more at- yet.
rs, ever- Now suppose the mountains be 30o or 400
feet highcr than our surface, when we shall
strike the vein of water from the mountain,
in trees, the pressure of the s',urce way up, will cause
welding lthe mouth of the rcservoir to rise naturally
in a jet more or less strong, according to tihe
nider the strenght of the vein: The only difficulty
tremony, will be to strike one of these veins from
ving eye. the mountains. But geologists pretend that
p played such veins are interspersed all about in the
I groiom, ground, though sometimes we have to bore
tces. quite deep before striking. We have been
ies w.re told that the cntractor at Mr,. Billaud's does
.I figure, not promise toi give a well that will force
ros-g-ain the water up; he does inot believe it neces
arl. andi sary. The needed requisite is a reservoir of
h:iir the water that cannot be exhausted by steam
orange power, and this he will reach at a depth
of, from 3oo to 4oo feet. Being an expert
Tone, in he can very accurately tell, by the different
shing.mn, layers of ground, at what depth he will find
in nile the reservoir.
:hi.r, of The process by which the well is dug is
anlm Co- called the "hydraulic process:" water does
oroes. all the work. There must be plenty of wa
s present ter to furnish steam for the boiler, in order
,arencro, to dig up the well. In fact the work had
Wallace, to be stopped at 275 feet because all the
Smuslin; working water had been exhausted. The
Coteau, water is taken from the reservoir and
forced by steam, through pipes, up a towel
entlemen about 5o feet high, and thence forced
Coteau, down another pipe to the bottom of the
present. hole, which is being bored. This water
Bird" a force, and its weight, naturally disintegrate
id happy the ground and causes it to melt into soft
me, and mud and by moving the pipe in a semi
pleasant oircle, the ground and water are forced up
this hap- outside the pipe by the same power which
R. D. forces the water inside. Thus, at the same
time, as the water inside the pipe is boring
the well, the water outside the pipe car
ries off the dirt and forces it up to the sur
face. The pipe of Mr. Billaud's well is a
ns er- three-inch one.
r- By the hydraulic process as much as tI
ek, look- feet are bored in one day, provided no ob
y. stacles he struck. But often rocks, etc.,
are struck and sometimes trunks of trees.
iling an At a depth of 75 feet the contractor
struck upon some pieces of rocks, among
e used as other things an oyster shell, and he availed
himself of the occasion to express his belief
that, at a rem;,t: time all this southern
umitted territory was an ocean bed, which became
mtte high land by one of those mighty convui
pal elec- sions of nature, which may turn a continenl
r Mayor, upside down. With the good prospects of
r. F. W. shortly obtaining the prime factor of his mill
H. Guil- Mr. Billaud will ble ready to fulfill his con
tracts already made and would invite those
er, which who wish to contract for their cane to kee1
mous ap- him informed.
* Our young druggist, Mr. J. M. Olivier,
left the tirm ,tf latiolais & Estorge to ac
'r young cept a position with Dr. Gouaux at Thil~o
thinking- daux. Mr. Paul Flemning, of St. Martinville,
arther in replaces him.
Mr. IHenry Fournet, the efficient clerk o01
tion will Mr. J. A. Roy, leaves his position as clern
.beia to open a cash store at this place, in partner
era on ship with Mr. Louis Gary, of New Orleans.
Mr. Emnile Charhonet has been employed at
rhich ap- clerk at Mr. Roy's.
recently, &
e at the M. Billaud, Jr., and Andre Billaud wen
a in the direction of Arnaudville last Sunday
aus negro
care of A soireee dansante was given at Mr
d should Adolphe Girouard last Saturday; quite •
o do not charming crowd of young ladies and gen
rses. tlemen enjoyed the hospitality of their hos
tesses, Misses Emma and Editha.
, should $
.ould im- A ball will be given at St. Julien's Hal
next Saturday, April 22. Mr. D.M. Lan
he place, dry, manager, extends a cordial invitatior
he lots, if to the public. Music will be furnished b]
the Broussardville String Band.
went to
d a few Messrs. J. G. St. Julien, A. Olivier ann
R. U. Bernard compose thu board of trus
tees appointed by the School Board, for the
citi.enof Broussardville school; whilst Messrs. -
ctorin.of, Reaux, A. Boulet and D)armas Iandry wit
Lttorneys take charge of the Comeau school. Shouln
the plan meet with the willingness of the
parties applintecd. it will greatly contribute
shed the towards the welfare of ptblic edncation
I-.fledged cnucoraging the scholars to pursue theil
studries with monrc eagerne.s.
parations I D'UARtIe.
g which Siertftl's Sale
ing been
so been STATE OF IAUISIANA-PARISH OF LAVA.
. Guil- YETTE.-No. 3855
by Mr. Jas. J. T/oas rs. FranA.Ri hter.
Veazey, By virtue o awrit of aiure re.nou .le issued frnm
the Honorable Judge of the t1th Judicial Ilistict
relatives. Court, in and for said Parish. State of Lonisiana. iq
the above entitled and numbered tcaute, and to me
dire.:ted. I have seized l*td will offer for -ale. at pnb.
shape. if - aucton. to t~h last and highest bidder, at the
residence of Huh Hlutchinson in the sensnd ward
on~thc parish of Lafa, ere. State of Louisiana. ot
eral De- Saturday, April 29, 1893,
ocrat, is between the legal sale hours, the following discribed
propertoy, to-wit:
very in- Lot No t. Two six-feet Deacing Reaper and bind
i is err. both with their timls, and one set ot canvas.
Lot No. a. OTwe old reaper and binder (broken
of the withott canvas, eveners or neck yoke or omlis.
Lot No. 3. One old broken, binder, with canvas,
chains or tools.
Lot No. 3. Two second-hand cassidy plows. -
Lot No. 5. One Gang Hapgood plow.
afayettc Lot No. 6. Two second-haud Clark Cutaway ba't
uors Oro t No" 7. One second-hand Traction engine. with
water tanks trasher and straw stacker, with lots of
tools.
ISAAC A. BRO)USSARD.
Sheriff, Lafayette Parish.
ed from
magni' CONSTABLE'S SALE.
ts. STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
ETTE.-No.
S. JUSTICE'S COURT-FIRST WARD.
P. A. Delahomme and Joseph Roy vs. L n
capital- hnown and L'nclaimed Animals.
in Yen- By virtue of a writ of fien facias, issted by the
slth ma- Hon. G. Moutom. Justice of the Peace of the First
ward of the Parish of Lafayette. State of Louisiana,
eighbor in the above entitled cause and to me directed. I
Sto hseized, now hold, and wall offer for sale, at
ns to public auction, to the last and highest bidder, in sat
e has a tsfaction of said writ. in front of the offnic of the said
has Justice of the Peace, at Scott, on
and will Saturday, April 29, 1893,
S between the legal sale hours, the following described
property, to-sit :
anufac- 2 heads of horses, mares and colts.
Plermsu-CASIH.
f Lafa- D. ARCENEAUX.
n the Constable tst. Ward.
,begun. Public Sale.
has con- SUCCESSION OF F.MILE CREIGHTON, D
build a CEASEI).
to cons- Notie is herehy given that Sy virtne of an order
)from the flonoratble ilistrict Co.trt int and for the
Srefi- parish of Lafayette. there will e sold at pntblic'atn
qtte le tin. tothe In.st anld highest bidderr. e. the under.
signed Sheriff at the It residence of the deceased
proverd in this parish. on
%lists at Santurday. the 222d. day of April. 11893.
Billaud, the following described property., to-wit:
tn the One certain plantation sittated in Pilet Covc.it,
g the Parish of Lafayette meaunring five srpenas front
SatgeS- on Bayou Vermilion, by lorty arponts in dettth.
o otunded nlove by plantation of Airs. f)dnide \Nfo
tin of ton and below sy plattation of Raisitn Wallis and
ablih east by land of the Esate, together with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, including the crop of
hall pass cane plants on said place.
One certain tract of prairie and wood land situated
in Lafayette Parish. ontaiing eighty seven stpcrti
lunt of aarpents. more or less. bosnded north hy atyon
'orruc and lake Chrlo,. cast rnd south by laud of
There Rosemond Landry and west hy land of Jacqoes I).
ld r. Moutotn and sisters. Mrs. Motnilde (hardnter. Mn.
a Odeide Mottont. Mis. iEnphetnmie Creigh.ton. S. st.
made \Vallis. and aessigns and loseph Chevallier and Elise
he has Tlhilbodesatx. known as the Hlahien tract or swamp.
Ve know ( fe pair of brown suitos
IOn pair of bay antd black muses.
rios, int ý)ne pair of dark mulns.
d. The line red mnle. w
e water One asnttg •..o
loe andpr young oxen one pair olt oxen : two
This is calves and old cow : one red cnw and calf ; four beli
at water crs : one oxn cart : one case cart ; two orh wagons;t
Inractor one btggy and harness; four old plows : fosr Avery
s plovws ; six collars and five harnest ; five blind bridles:
a vei two spades.and three hoes ; two cltdvntors : one old
motto- cultivator: harrows; hay forks; platform scales;
further one beam scales: one dobtle plowi, two sweeps: ahttt
2o o barrels of corn: abot 2a toads of peovines;abotn
to barrels of peas;: old cotton press; lot of old lumber;
O(r 40o lot of brick: ta cane knives: one water crooer; one
cc shall armoir; one dreesint case : one wash stand : one
center table : fouer chairs ; two rockers, etc., etc.
osntatn,
T illcaiC TERMS AND CfONI)Th IOnNS;
turally All the mnrnatlesilt lhe sold for Cash en day of
ar sale: aned the ineoanlcs. one third Cash, and tine
t m t i te balance in tsho eqtal insntalments. payable respen
iiffnculty lively Febrtnars 5, n8t and t895. lnearinnn interest at
from eight per cnt per anntm thereon, from date of saleo.
Srtill paid. with ten per cent. as penal clause. as atter
eld that ney's fees in case of uitin on the aggregate amontt
tin the recovered, the payment of whnich credit portion of
tobne id pnr-ehe.e r.rce to he secured by vendor's privi.
lor ge and sp.s:ial mortgage on the prqperty sold, and
'ebaetnsame tobe representendltvprosnitory notes drawn to
d' doesd the ore of Ao
Sdoes tine orer o ie Adttinistratoer for the tte of said FE:s
ll force ate. and in solido, in c.. of joint pnurchasers ; pnr
o ehaer or purchaser to confess jdgment in taeor of
tneces- said estate in capital, interest, attorney's fees and
•oar of. charges, and author,ing executory process tp issue
bef..re anon" conrt tf competent jnrisdictien. in de
7 team fatlt of pnayment at matnrity, and binding them
a depth selves and heirs not to sell .r alienate the property
expert pnturhased to the prelndice of said mortgage and
different right to sell aloresatd.ISAAC A. BROtSSARI).
will find Sheriff, Lafayette Parish, La.
dsng is
tr does Sheriff's Sale
Sofwa
in ordler STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
ork had YET'r E--NO. -
all the
d. The P. .4. Chiasson e"s. Glenpstas Ianks.
)ir and By virtte of a writ of seizure and sale. issned from
a towe] the Honorable Judge of the ,7th Judicial IDistrict
forced Cotrt. in and for the paliNsh of laayette, State , of
lonltsiana.. and to me directed. I have seized annd
f the ll offer for sale, at pnblc taction, t tte e last atd
is water highest bidder, at the Court House. in the town of
ntegrate Lafayette. Louisiana. on
into soft Saturday. April 22. 1893.
a semi- between the legal sale houts the following de
le fscribed property to-wit:
d tt A certain tract of land situated in theparish tof .a
r which fayette and State of Louisiana. with all the buildings
Sname and improsementhereon standing and thereto be
bsrin longing• Said tract of land containing fifty snperfi.
Sorin coeal arpents. and is bonnded North by land of Enit
ipe car- gene LeBlanc; Sooth b land of I. J. Smith or pnblic
the ur- road: East by land of . A. Ctiason. and West by
ell istr land o hMrs. Bernard I.enlanc. being part of same
wel s property acqired by vendor from Joseph A. Green.
1t. erms-Cash.
s o ISAAC A. BROUSSARI).
05o _1 Sheriff Parish of Lafayette.
setc.,
rees.CYSAoLNE
to among S ALE .
availed Qslt ut n lau
isbelief
nouhern
became -
ntinen
spcts of
his mill
his con-,,
'iethose
tokeep
J. E. TRAHA u, Druggist, hase
Olivier, excluisive sale of these Celebrated
toa (;lasaes in l.afayette, 1.a, from the
nville, factory of Kellam & Moore, the
n only conplete optical plant in the
ero south, Atlanta, Ga.
clerk o
troner Estray Notice
Orleans.I The undersigned has taken up an estray
loed an, sorrel horse branded wnth bhe figutre 5 with
a dash above it.
Owner is requested to come forward anhi
t wen get same, proving property and p5ayino
S tuday costs. n V. B. CLARK.
Duson, April a2, T f93. rLE
at Mr.
quite a FOR SA -
md gen
ler hoe Valuablie Town Lots.
lots Nos. 54, 595 and a18, situated ins
n hall the Mills addlition, nteasuritng Iox14o feet:
M lan- also improved property on Main strect unp
viatin posite 3. E. Martin's pelace. Terms reason
shediby able. For further particulars apply tto
ed b: TIfE GAZET-TrE.
of.. teu- B S ON.
for the
;" Standard ant= Reglaterd.
,our wil Boston wvas sired by Baslen-Btadein, he ins
of the[ E.quity. . Baden-Baden the sire of fostnon is.
mntribtnttt a Kentinolv nderlnyssinnter, tn.sttnn still elatnet
tta ioo the presetnl season. at Ion rleche fart nnf i In.
tetheir If. P. (.ttitlbsann & Sntn. at Hrean,, llrinlge, at
$tlt t5 ('ash fnnr the seaet,: with retntrn, tpivi
F LAI.A- "' T. iý
tter. keeps constantly on han 3 a fine lne o
sued from I
s'i _Watches,.
ard Clocks,
discribed
I- iamonds
(broken)
It.
It n sJew elry,
.way lar
th lots of Silverware.
Smith & Wesson;,
and Colt's
PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES; !i
TABLE CUTTLERY; doRE E -E
s. L- FINE LAMPS, Etc. - t LLE oNLY By
th he Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine and
Act Complicated Watches
er ca A'Orders by mail or express carefully filled.
the said LOCK BOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
described
rd U OA"-C;
)N. DE
So well with other Eye-Glasses and Spectacles as with
an order
I for tht
For Softness-
And Brilliander.
:They Are Unsurpaeed.
e sell Co.all kin s of E -lasse
rEyes tested free.
feies and
the Miss Louise evillld
to crop of
ri And Brilliancy
WVe sell all kinds of Eyc-CGlasses
andSolici S ectacls; from 25 cents
nu ir up, but rectnmtcnd
ur Avery
d bridles;
sc abttHawke's Crystalized Lenses.
dlumber;
and one
8" Eyes tested free.
sod the
MOS BROS. & CO.
.otrion of
told aond
drawn to
I said Es
eifaorof
fees and
kg them-Miss Louise Revillon
5t.e aod
Solicits a
LAFA- visit to
ted from
I)istrict
State f f
last ond
te towt of
wring de- "
A. J. MOSS.
MOSS &
AT WHOLESAI
as
SF OF IC E AN Y) VA R D N E
I.AFAYETTE,
Cypress and Pine L.umber, Rough
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
th Pittsburg Cc
ni McCormick Harvester, Binders and
ng and Riding Cultivators, Cottor
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
in Mrs. Johnlm
pF
Nn NEi AND -
- MILLINER
SUC
Hats, Feathers, Silk
also, Ladies' and
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A. EMII.E MOUTON.
MOUTON
ALE and RETAIL
EAR R A.\ I . RO A D DEPOT
E, IOUISIANA.
h and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
ºoal, Firewood,.
ind Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
on and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
O. Mouton,
ISEASONABLE
LY GOODS
rCH AS
kis. Embroideries, Eltz
,a ~ ~ ~ · :hhUdlW9* @EI