SEVERY SATYRDAY
ST
dQLITON, - - Paontatoa.
fSI JOURNAL OF THIS PARISI.
Mmesd fI the Lafayette La. Post -Oice as Second
C 4as · Stner.
SATRnDAVt, JULY 20, 1895.
SOTIC S.
Spo niicl mtter of a personal nature, will be
g~ d tso cenes a line for one insertion in this pa
Sm. - solisinits of respect. etc.. 5 cents a line: an
".qaeMeOlts of paid entertainments. balls, etc..
tam i lne; obituarles of seo lines or less, tree, and
,imoe than-ten lines. S cents a lie,.
President Cleveland says that his
married life has been "one grand,
sweet song."
Preachers in Texas are boycot
tnag the State fair at Dallas because
of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons fight.
In the matter of the recent ac
quisition at Buzzard's Bay the pres
Ident has again shown a total disre
gard of the wish of his party.
That usually truthful paper, . The
Daily States, assures the country
press that the Reform League is not
a political organization. We have
no doubt of The States' sincerity,
but we fear that it is mistaken.
The following from the Daily
States is cruelly suggestive:
*'George Washington was called
the father of his Country, but
President Cleveland is much more
of a father. He can point to three
bouncing baby girls, which is some
thing George could not do so far as
history goes. "
That great Southern journal, The
Times-Democrat, has done the
proper thing in the case of Miss
Key, granddaughter of the author
of the "'Star Spangled Banner."
The T.-D. was the first to call the
people's attention to Miss Key's dis
mnissal from a government position
which she had held for many years,
and to the needy condition of her
self and aged mother, for whose
relief funds are now being raised in
different parts of the country.
Some Democrats tell us they will
refuse to support a nominee because
he entertains different views on the
silver question. Why don't they
do the same thing on the tariff and
other issues? Sam J. Randall, the
greatest Democrat who has lived
since the days of Jackson was un
aterably opposed to the tariff policy
of the Democratic party, and yet
no one has ever dared to say that
the famous Pennsylvanian was not
-'s` Democrat. The true Louisian
ian, like the great commoner, is
attached to the party of Jefferson
and Jackson by ties so strong and
enduring that the best laid schemes
of selfish politicians will fail in their
inglorious purpose.
The New York Sun laughs in the
Lace.of the "new woman" and tells
her that, try as she may, she must
always be the dear old gill she al
ways was. And it is even so. The
new woman is simply a passing
-ashon --to be considered along with
balloon sleeves, Eiffel tower hats
a d; other darling monstrosities of
feminine fancy. Woman will be
wife, mother, sweetheart while the
earth remaineth. And she will be
woman-loving, lovely and beloved;
willful, but clinging; perverse, but
dependent; a fountain of miseries
and a joy forever. However much
she may love to imagine what she
would do if she were a man, we
know that the moment baby stirs,
her foot will go back to the rocker
and the cradle song come back to
Iler lips. Let her play at being a
man for a while-the first new bon
aet or the first new baby will put all
thatnonsense out of her head.
Commercial Appeal.
There are lots of honest demo
crats in this State who are sincerely
in favor of free silver. These see
thefolly of placing silver above the
d-inamocratic party and subordinating
all other State issues to it. They
-do not propose to be hoodwinked
kto a combination whose purpose
it is to overthrow the democracy
and to- ride into office on the free
i~lver hobby horse. In 1892 the
ublicans and populites in this
&ate combined against the demo
'ratie.party and did their best to
:defeat it, and yet there are men
:saimaing to be democrats who de
ounce the Advocate and other
democratic newspapers because
warn the people against the
Ipsitiob to have democrats
-idt~y disband' th.ii party organ
tion and go into the camp of
S . According to these
eocratic party must throw
guns and surrender to the
.-triaga single shot.
 deasocrat will for
Ssuch a iroposi
g4vocate.
Wi/7)IV T1 E P:7Y.
We, thereoare, appial .to ait ptriotic citi
ses to suite with us ta organizing a bimetal ;
lie league in every ward in the state, whose
membership will pl~lge themselves not to:
support for oRice sey cindidate who does
not stand unequivocally pledged to this
course."
A number of leading Democrats
of this State have appended their
signatures to the address of which
the above is a part. If these
Democrats mean to organize a sil
ver party composed of Democrats,
Republicans'and Populists, all well
and good; but if they propose to
remain in the Democratic party,
and ostracize those who disagree
with them on the money question
we believe they are grievious
ly at fault. This question should
be settled Within the patty and all
sincere Democrats will repudiate
the proscriptive policy-of the league
and they will endeavor to bring
about a settlement of this vexed
question without endangering the
success of the party.
We claim to be an earnest advo
cate of bimetallism, but we can not
conceive the idea that the election
of a goldbug to the office of con
stable will imperil the chances of
bimetallism, or that a goldbug can
not make a good constable. This
is the worst kind of demagogism
anA will hardly do the cause any
I good.
The Da-mocrats who pledge them
selves not to vote for any candidate
who does not agree with them on
the money question, it seems to us,
may find themselves in a peculiar
predicament, for should the party
nominate a goldbug for an office
they will be driven to the painful
necessity of violating their pledge,
or else they will have to go back on
the party nomination.
It is conceded that the Demo
crats of Louisiana are divided-un
equally it is true-but, nevertheless
it is a fact that they are divided on
this momentous issue. Now, let
us suppose that on one side the sil
verites will pledge themselves to op
pose the election of all the gold
bugs, and 'the latter will pledge
themselves to vote against the sil
verites under all circumstances.
The result is clearly apparent. The
Republicans and Populists will com
bine forces and the divided De
mocracy will go down in defeat.
Should the silver Democrats en
dorse some of the principics enun
crated by the league, their course
will inevitably lead to the disrup
tion of the Democratic . party and
the triumph of the common enemy.
Verily, in their zeal for bimetal
lism, or with an insatiate hunger
for official pap, some Louisiana
Democrats seem to have lost their
senses and are going astray danger
ously fast.
Remain true to Democracy, gen
tlemen, and all will be well.
NEGROES AND TlE CHICA
GO WOAMEN'S CL UB.
Times-Democrat.
The Chicago Tribune does not like what
The Times-Democrat has to say of the bad
taste of the Woman's Club of that city in
admitting negroes to membership. This
could not but be considered an insult to the
other women's clubs of the country, to whom
the negro is offensive, especially as the lat
ter were induced a short time ago to join a
federation of clubs, with Chicago as its
headquarters. It tells us that Chicago does
not care what the rest of the country likes
or dislikes. It loves the negroes, and pro
poses to force them on the women of other
sections. The Tribune says:
"It is not likely that the Woman's Club
of Chicago will be seriously disturbed by
the proposition of the T.-D. that all South
ern women's clubs affiliated with the Chica
go organization shall withdraw and cease
any further communications with it. The
Chicago club is big enough, old enough, rich
enough and smart enough to go alone if
every club in the South should cut its ac
quaintunce. It is run not for the benefit ot
New Orlenns, but of Chicago, and it is a
p.wer here. It will lose nothing by the
secession of Southern clubs, while the latter
will lose much. Meanwhile, if the women
of the Southern clubs decide to follow the
T.-D.'s advice and go out of the federation,
M s-. Henrotin will probably show them the
do r with her customary, courtesy, and Mrs.
Coonley will bid them good-by at the front
gate in her most elegant manner."
Chicago taste is, as we have said, so pecu
liar and always so bad that no one is sur
prised at anyting it does. What we object
to is not the presence of a negro in the
Chicago Woman's Club, for we rather ex
pected it, but the attempt, through the fed
eration of clubs, to force other women, to
whom the negress is objectionable, into so
cial relations with her. This is peculiarly
Chicagoesque, and anywhere else would
be regarded as a gross breach of ordi
nary politeness. The Chicago club has
the right to take in the whole Midway
Plaisance, without regard to color or char
acter, if it so desires, but it has no right-at
least none in common decency-to insult the
other members of the Women's Club Feder
ation by any act offensive to them. It seenms
to have created itself the special patron of
the negro race, and to have organized a
movement to force the negress into society
as an equa of the white. This is distasteful
to the white people of every other city in the
country, North as well as South. Even the
white Republicans of New York refused I
only the other day to accept negro equality
in political clubs, and rejected a negro who
applied for admittance to the Blaine Repub
hcan Club of that city. This act has been
very generally approved by Republican
papers throughout the North, who suggest
that it is far better for the negroes to keep to
themselves and not obtrude where they ame
not wanted, but develop thertaelves o
other lines. Even in Chicago the negress is
by no meaw nsa persona grata, and there was
ino little opposition to the admittance of
blacks to the Chicago Woman's Club; but
Sthe aegromaniacs of that association forced
a negress down the throats of the unwilling:
] mcsbcr;, just as they now propose to force
her down the throats of the white women of
the whole country. .
Under the cireumltances we caaot but
think that it would batfar best for the wo
men's clubs`of the South and other sections
who do not believe in the Chicago idea of
racial equality to adopt the Tribune's sug
gestion and drop out of a federation where
t icy are likely to meet negroes socially on
te -ms of equality and leave Chicago alone
to honor and embrace the negro.
MOSS BROTHERS &d CO.
On the Money Question.
To the Editor of The Gazette.
The money question is a great one, indeed,
and its importance never does seem to di
minish.
Our attention was first attracted to the
subject nearly fifteen years ago, when we
embarked in the novel-experience of earning
our own bread, and the close study we have
been compelled to make of the problem
ever since that time entitles us to speak of
it with authority.
We prefer to discuss only that phase of
the question that is of most direct interest to
the masses of the people, viz: "'How to
come into the possession of money, be it
gold or silver?"
We start out with the assumption that the
easiest way to make money is by saving it,
on the principle that "a penny saved is a
penny made," and that if we "look after
the pennies, the dollars will take care of
themselves." The truism of the foregoing
not being called into question we pass at
once to the next vital point in the discussion,
the best method of saving. There are a
number of good methods, but it is doubtful
if the one we offer and place at the disposal
of the public can be equalled for its conve
nience and simplicity.
The method to which we refer is for the
great army of consumers, who have such a
lively interest in making a dollar go as far
as iit can, to do their trading at our store,
year in and year out, and save a great many
dollars by so doing, for our prices are al
ways a little louer than eleswhere. Our
stock comprises all the most needful things
a person could want, and is always fresh and
"up-to-date."
Trade with us the year round and you
can depend on making money by saving
money, and the more you'll spend, the more
you'll make, relatively speaking.
And that's "how" we stand on the money
question.
MOSS BROS. & CO.
Lafayette, La., July I8, 1895.
N. B. We are now preparing to "take
stock," as is custom every year, and we
are offering many desirable goods at less
than factory cost, to close 'em out for this
season.
M. B. & CO.
W. C. T. U. COLUMN
CONDUCTED BY THE LAFAYETTE W. C. T. U.
Scientific Instruction.
By dint of hard work, rendered by Mrs.
Goodale ahd Mrs. Hunt, our legislature was
induced, six or seven years ago, to pass an
act requiring to be given in the public
schools of Louisiana on the effects of narco
tics when taken into the human system.
After the passage of the bill making this in
struction mandatory, the school board se
lected a suitable text-book and it now be
hooves the W. C. T. U. to see that this in
struction is given as required by the law.
When it is remembered that alcohol is not
appropriated or assimilated into the system
as food is, but diffused through the blood,
nerves and brain, the fearful results of alco
holism will be recognized. Try a drop of it
on a small portion of warm chicken brains,
and you will see what it does for you when
diffused through your system.
A Bad Dose.
If anything can be worse than whiskey,
tc.bxcco and sugar. It will be ha rd to find,
yet our people consume vast quantities of
these articles, and strange to say, not
"straight" in every case, but in combina
tion. All "rectified" spirits contain the
first two ingredients named, and most drink
ers (I presume) add the sugar. In many
grades of that class of liquors sometimes
denominated "sheet lighting," burnt sugar
is placed in the rectifier along with the whis
key and tobacco in order to give "the color
in the cup."
The W. C. T. U. stands for opposition to
this kind of beverage or any other kind
which destroys the reason of man.
Hot Milk as a Stimulant.
No one who, fatigued by overexertion of
body and mind, has ever experienced the
reviving influence of a tumbler of this bev
erage heated as hot as it can be sipped, will
willingly forego a resort to it because of its
being rendered somewhat less acceptable to
the palate. The promptness with which its
cordial influences is felt is indeed surprising.
Some portion of it seems to be digested and
appropriated almost immediately, and many
who now fancy they need alcoholic stimu
lants wnen exhausted by fatigue will find in
this simple draught an equivalent that will
be abundantly satisfying, and far more en
during in its effects.
T. Morton, M. D, in a recent letter to
the editor of the London Temperance Chro
nicle, writes: "There is no known drug, a, d
probably no unknown one, that can restore
the integrity of the brain-cells damaged by
prolonged drinking habits, though natu:e
can do much if alcohol is entirely and peIr -
manently withdrawn." A permanent cure
for inebriety upon any other basis than to
tal abstinence is quite impossible. In the
light of Dr. Morton's declaration it is vast
ly better to stop before beginning to drink.
A screen in a saloon door means that the
devil can sometimes be ashamed of himself.
Will Buy Cane.
Messrs. Flower Bros., of Alexandria,
have leased the Calcasieu Sugar Refinery at
Lake Charles. They will purchase cane for
the season. Address
FLOWER BROS.,
Alexandria, La.
6EO. A. DEBLANC
--dealer in
WOOD, LIMEPITTSB'G COAL
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIAUA.
Ofice and Yard near R. R. Depot.
n45-r.
Notice.
A special meeting of Lafayette Lodge No.
3194, Knights of Honor, will be held on
Monday July as, 8 p. m. sharp, for the pur
pose of meeting Grand Dictator L. E. Bent
y and Grand Vice-Dictator Brownlee. A
full attendance of the membership is re
quested. Mlembers are further notified to
invite such of their friends as may contem
plate connectmng themselves with us.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY, Dictator.
Gut. A. DEILANIC, Reporter.
July lo, I'agj.
LAPAveTrrs LA., JULY 2, ISg9.
Pursuant to adjiorment, the council met
this day. There were present; A. J. Moss,
mayor;'Dr. J. D. Trahan, Messrs. J. O.
Leblanc, O. C. Moutc n, B. Falk, Joe Du
cote.
The following resolution was offered by
O. C. Mouton.
".Resolution proclaiming result of election
held in the town of Lafayette July first 1895,
for the pu.pose of submitting to the electors
residing in and upon certain lots or land
contiguous and adjacent to the corporate
liiits of said town of Lafayette, whether
they desired saids lots or land to be annexed
to aid included in the corporate limits of
said town of Lafayette, under provisions of
Act No. io5 of the General Assembly of this
State, approved July 7th. 1892."
WHEREAS, The returns of the election
held at the court-house, in the town of La
fayette, on July first, 1895, submitting to the
electors residing upon certain land or lots
contiguous and adjacent to the corporate
limits of the town of Lafayette, well defined
and accurately described in the proclama
tion calling said election, in the survey plat
thereof and in the petition asking said pro
posed election, all duly transcribed and re
corded upon the public record book wherein
the ordinances or official proceedings of the
city council of the corporation of Lafayette,
are usually recorded, whether they desired
that such lots or lands should be annexed to
and included in the territorial corporate
limits of the town of Lafayette, have been
made to the municipal authorities within
fort-eight hours after the closing of the
polls at said election of July first, 1895; and
WHEREAS, said returns of election have
been recorded and transcribed in the public
record book wherein the ordinances or
official proceedings of the corporation of La
fayette are usually kept, also permanently
preserved among the official records of said
town; THEREFORE, be it resolved by the
city :ouncil; That proclamation of the re
sult thereof is hereby given, in accordance
with said returns to have been as follows,
to-wit:
Votes cast at said election, fifty-three;
Votes in favor of said annexation, fifty
three;
Votes against said annexation, none.
NOW THEREFORE, proclamation is here
by made that a majority in number and val
ue of the qualified electors residing in and
upon the lots or lands proposed to be an
nexed to and included in the territorial cor
porate limits of said town of Lafayette,
voting at said election, have voted in favor
of the annexation thereof, as provided and
authorized by Act No. ib5 of the General
Assembly of the State of Louisiana, ap
proved July 7th, 1892.
Be it further resolved that this porclama
tion of the result of said election be pub
lished for ten days in the "Lafayette Ad
vertiser" and the "Lafayette Gazette"
newspapers published in said town.
Following vote. Yeas: O. C. Mouton,
B. Falk, J. O. LeBlanc, Dr. J. D. Trahan,
Joe Ducote.
Nays. None. Unanimously carried.
A. J. MOSS, Mayor.
BAXTER CLEGG, Seccretary.
For
Bilious
Headache
"I tried a good many remedies
for sick headache and biliousness,
with which 1 was troubled for a
a long time but it was not until -
I began taking
AYER'S
Cathartic Pills
that I received anything like per
nanent benefit. A single box of
these pills did the work for me,
and I am now free from head
aches, and a well man."-CHAs.
HvUTcnHIs, East Auburn, Me.
Medal
And Diploma
At World's Fair.
Good Sevirce. Prompt Returns.
COLUMBIA ._L
.__ RICE MILL,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest and best equipped of its
kind in the United States; solicit
ing for it a share of patronage.
Rice milled only on toll.
If desired will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
Shipments should be made in
strong bags and marked plainly so
as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
Sales guaranteed and accounts
rendered promptly.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEW ORLEANS.
CHARLESTON.
Your Opportunity
Is Ripe. During the months of April
and May we will sell all kinds of Furniture
and Stoves at absolute cost. This is no
humbug sale, but a bonafide cost-price sale.
You can supply your wants at a price never
before heard of, if you buy now.
L. LEVY & SON.
WE DO
Commercial
Printing
AT LOW PIoURES.
W. BERNARD,
BARBER, SHOP,
DOMENCEAUX I3UILDING,
near So, Pac, Depot, u
In
Poor
Health
means so much more than
you imagine-serious and
fatal diseases result from
trifling ailments neglected.
Don't play with Nature's
greatest gift-health.
and generally ex
Brow s ed nerves
hve no eppetite
can't work.
begin at non
ble strengthening
ties care-benelt
Bitters i:
pleasant to talk.
It Cures
Dyspepala. Kidney and Liver
Neuralgia, Troubles,
Constlpatlon, Bad Blood
Malaria, Nervous ailments
Women's complaints.
Get only the genuiane-t h croMed red
lines on the wapper. All othm auesub
tittes. On rece oft w to sc. stampsl we
Patr Views and book-free.
BROWN CHEMICAL CO. BALTIMORE. MO.
Notice.
Mr. Isaac Bendel will have charge of my
business during my absence. He is author
ized to collect all accounts and to represent
me in all other matters pertaining to my
business. B. FALK,
Lafayette, La., July 8, '895.
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
will oe received at the next meeting of the
Police Jury, July 29. for the construction of
a new bridge near Dr. J. F. Mouton's place.
Said bridge to be same dimensions and con
struction as at present except the width
which shall be ,6 feet. All material for the
construction of said bridge will be furnished
by the parish and delivered on the ground.
The right to reject any and all bids is here
by reserved.
ALFRED HEBERT,
Police Juror, 3rd. ward.
Lafayette, La., July 8, 1895.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the Ist day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
$15 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
$1o to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
'POINTS POINTS
Large Iiswk.......... 15 W ild cat............ 15
Small hawk .........I5 Coon.................... 5
Owl .............. 15 Opossum ............ 5
M ink .................... 15 W easel................ 15
Sku k .......... .... . 5 Fox................ 15
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mals to be delivered to Wm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than live hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Homer Durio vs. Alcide Cormier
-17th Judicial District Court
-Parish of Latayette,
La.-No. 3915
By virtue of a writ of fierra facias issued
from the 17th Judicial District Court in the
above entitled and numbered suit and to
me directed, I have seized and taken into
my possession and will offer for sale and
will sell to the last and highest bidder, be
tween the legal sale hours, on
Saturday, August 24, 1895,
at the court-house in the t.,wn of Lafayette,
La., the following described property. to
wit:
Act 16428, partition between heirs of J.
R. Rosemond Cormier, Alcide Cormier, and
a certain tract of land containing thirty-six
x41o00 arpents bounded north by Bayou
Carencro, south by Hervillien Cormier, east
by Arcade Cormier, west by Dr. J. F'rancez.
Act 20399, one certain tract of land si
tuated in the parish of Lafayette, containing
twelve and one-third arpents, bounded north
by Aristide Cormier, south by Onezime
Cormier, east by Hervillien Cormier and
west by Dr. J. Franccz; with all improve
ments thereon.
Terms, CASII.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD, Sheriff.
Lafayette, La., July 20, 1895.
KILL-GERM
CURES ITOH:
IN 80 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Soratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
WVM. Cl EGG.
Chas. D. Caffery,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Office on Madison street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
44-ly.
Ohemberiata's Dye and Skin Ointeont
Is unequalled for Eczema, Teoer, 8alt.
Rheum, Scald Head, Sore Nipples ChaJped
Hands, Itching Piles, Burns, Frost Bitem
Chronic Sore Eyes and Granulated Eye Lids.
For sale by druggists at 2 cents per box.
TO XO3BE OWiNUDS.
For putting a horse in an fine healthy con
dition try l)r. Cidy's Condition Powders.
They tone up the sysvtem, aid digestion, cure
loss of appeite, relieve eoustipation, correct
kidne diord~lers and destroy worms, giving
new life to an old or over-worked hose. 28
equta per pa'kage. oi" sale by druggiste,
Improver Your
IStock.
By Breeding
to Pure Bred 'HoL.sTEIN BTLL."
Breckinridge.
Fee, $2.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher
Fee, $2.50.
Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
.OSCAR WILDE.
Fee. $1.00
UJmual Privllege of Retu rn
AT T. F. MYLES,'
Near Lamtyette, La.
ON
BIG PROFITS Small nvestments.
Returning prosperity will mrntk many rich. but nowhere can they make so much within a short time
as by successful Speculation in Brain. Provisions and Stock.
(10 00 FOI EACH DOLLAR INVESTED can be made by our
4J.*-- Systematic Plan of Speculation
originated by os. All successful speculators operate on a tegular system.
It is a well-known fact that there are thotsands of men in all parts of the United States who, by
systematic trading through Chicago brokers, make large amounts every year. ranging fron a few thou
sand dollars for the man who invests a hIundred or two hundred dollars up to fsoooo to Ssoo.ooo or more
by those who invest a few thotisand.
It is also a fact that those who make the largest profits from comparatively small investments on this
plan are persons who live away from Chicago and invest through brokers who thoroughly understand
systematic trading.
Our plan does not risk the whole amount invested on any trade, but covers both sides, so that
whether the market rises or falls it brings a steady profit that piles up enormously in a short time.
WMllr rOe CONVINCIN O raOOrs. also our Manual on successful speculation and our Daily
Market Report. fuill of money-making pointers. ALL FeRO. Our Manual explains margin trading
fully. Highest references in regard to our standing and success.
For further information address.
THOMAS & CO., Bankers and Brokers,
241-242 Rlalto Building, CHICAGO, ILL.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
SR D LJG GDLES I-1S .
AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes. Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a-'d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
AeIllier's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Nigh t
I --yg93
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident- Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
SPRING OPENING
--AT-
Mrs John O. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes.
_And Stockings.
- Are the
. of all
High
Grades
Warranted Superior to say BiUycle built in the
World, regardless of Price. 4Ml
Read the following opision of one of the most prominent Ame
rican dealers who has sold hgndreds of these wheels:
fisih F'raTmhe. \Wood Rimr. RICIMOIID, VA.. OC'T. , 8s.
Detachablle Tire, Scorch
-, weight. 5t lbs ....$ t)8 |OlANA IIcYCLI CO.. 1nhiriAf"ic i t5,w Ioo.*
..rr....W_ --lThe Waereley Seorcher and lellecsnte to hand yesterday.
.itee Rime. WaverleyWe ar satmid, vou ha. sent sun the high priced wheel by lmistnhe. .~o'tems
Clinsster Tires, welght, mea t tell us that efis wheS eetails 4mr 6$5 We mo say thatit le. witibist
SI ......... .· eSc .eeptios. the 5rettieet t eetl we have ever seten. and, moreoer, .we have fmit'
in it. althosigh it weighns rly ,clbs, for ol all W\ averleys we hare old this
weighs ....m....e. a. frame nor b hoben. either from aculest or defet, ad that i mere tlieR
jmdies' )rop Frame, same WO congratulate ourselves e-er.day- that we are the Waverley agents.
weights and Tires....S75 ours truly. VA.tssa C. MLrau & Co.
ladies' lihmead. Wood -lutrates Catouse Free
•Ri ms, weight, m lbs. -.'5 Ilisitrrgem Cmemsaem rrmm.
C . iNL
Indiana Bicycle Co. ,aas'ao..e to.
B-.iEG(, E xcfsive Ag~n, Lafayette, La,
C. A. Voorhies,
Addrcys: I)crhi,iy and Esptau:. et sitects;
NEWV ORIE ANS.
Reprcscnts---
WM. H. LEE & CO.
Wholesale liquoreds
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue, St. LOUIS; ci:
ORLEANS HOTEL,
MRS. ALP. VOORHIES, Prop.
BOARD BY TIIE DAY, WEEK, OR
MONTH. RATES REASONABLE.
Lafayette, - - - - - La.