STHE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE..
)VOLU7ME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1893. NUMBER 6.
- _ _ __ _0
BOM1E STRANGE PEOPLE.
Dilfert Races Represented at
the World's Fair.
What Private Enterprase Is Doing for
the Columblan Ezpolieoun-Rare
Sights on Midway Platsance
Types of Javanese.
[BSpeoal Chicago Correspondenoao
A walk through the world's fair
would be incomplete unless it would
take one beyond the confines of what we
of the western world call civilization.
We like to look at beings who are low
erinthe scale of development, and then
pat ourselves on the back and feel hap
py that we are not like them.
To show these people was not strict
ly within the objects for which the ex
position company was legally incor
porated. It had to be left to private
enterprise. And by this means the ex
position has been urounded out in a way
that gives it a charm which only things
which are odd and outlandish can
bestow.
..
'VOMEN OF JAVA.
Thus one of the most. interesting
divisions of the fair was gotten up by
private enterprise. Along the 1Midway
Plaisance you will find representatives
of many of those nations and tribes
which to us are strange, and, for that
reason, attractive. After passing
through Algiers and Tl'unis. along the
east of Africa to Egypt where we make
a stop at Cairo, and look at the model
of its streets which are on exhibition,
we continue along the south coast of
Asia, round the East Indian peninsula,
and reach the great archipelago which
stretches from theo northwcterqex
JAVANtr D.
tremity of Asia. down to ..u--tralia andl
thence eastwardi andt n-rth iward through
the vast 'Pacifict ocean.
These countless i-ltinl-. perhaps the
mountain peaks iand plateau of a sub
merged contineit--for A ustralia is the
oldest of the existingi onitinint-. so ge
ologists tell us-oare inhabited by many
strange tribes wvho untinl dt- -.sv-ere by
Europeans had never le-n tbeyond the
particular island or narow gi o, nip of
islannls on which they . scre born. In
many ways these people are interest
ing to us. Amnong the mtst nrii)ins are
the Maoris, of New Zealand. ~ ith
their fine characteristic featureos,
strongly resembling the American In
dian. I used to aidmire the bea 5ifult
-et simple fignres switl whi,-h they
tattooed their faces and bodies. At
the extreme end from th s island are
the Javanese, now nnder DI)ti'h do
minion. On the island of Java we
have two types of people. 1Vhen I
was a boy I remember seeini prct Ire-s
purpiortintg to represent the va ioLus
tribes of men, and among them I hove
arecollection of a Javanese who might
hare sat as the model for an ancient
(Ireeian sculptor. However. thitc, -
clansic features. I am now told. elong
only to the upper classes of natives on
Javat, prtoblWi e rqq of Wcosq rre
whereas the common people are Ma.
lgys and, from our point of viev, al- I
though handsomer than the Cfiinese. <
are still far from being ideally beauti- 4
ful. t
A special exhibit will be made from
these islands. The Oceanic Trading
company has two hundred thousand
feet along the Midway Plaisance for
this purpose. It is intended there to
show the life of the common people of I
the Dutch East Indies and some other 4
islands, including Java, Sumatra, 1
Borneo, the Phillippine, Friendly,
Society. Solomon and Fiji islands, New I
Zealand, Samoa and Hawaii.
So you can see the Fiji islander with 1
as much safety as you laugh at a lion
in a menagerie, and I am assured that 4
the "wild man from Borneo" will come
to town and will be there in several 1
specimens.
The space for this exhibit has been 1
divided into two parts, one on either i
side of the Midway Plaisance. One
half will b' devoted to the islands of
Java, Sumatra and Borneo.
As the touch of old King M idas turned
everything into gold, so everything
that has any connection with the
world's fair grows far beyond the
original conception. So in this case.
It was intended to have about sixteen
to twenty houses of natives. But they
tell me now that thirty-seven houses
have already been built and there are
liable to be forty or fifty. Trhese
houses are curious in themselves. Like
the huts of the herdsmen in Switzer
land there is not a nail used in their
construction. The former builds en
tirely of wood and uses brackets and
clamps to hold the beams together.
The Javanese builds his house of bam
boo. The poorer ones simply plant
the bamboo poles close together and
lash them with rope or whatever is
handy. Those who are better off split
up the bamboo into thin strips and
braid them together in basket work,
often making a wall that is perfectly
weather proof. The roof is covered
with bamboo and thatched with palm
leaves and grasses.
The houses present a unique appear
ance s-lihen placed together in a village.
Most of them are square and there is
no effort at ornamentation. To an
Amnerican they look more like a lot of
b:rns. In fact, they have little more
furniture than a barn. There is in
them a platform raised eight to four
teen inches above the floor-, which
serves as a table, a bnech, a bed, etc.
The natives say that the reason they
raise it at all instead of sleeping on
the floor is that they do not want to
offend the serpents. They say that if
a serpent finds no obstacle it will crawl
along and not hurt anybody. So if it
should ilet into the house it can cras'wl
along anywhere, wthereas if the peo
pie should sleep on the floor it would
have to crawl over therm and a move
)A i4IN0 GI0 l.
nment of tihe sleeper might cause it to
bite. Evidently the .lavaniese do not
like reptiles so well as did that coupie
51ho wsre rerently found in the l'al
,o-r ion4 e in this city with a young
alli itor for a bedfellow.
l'heric are to be one hundred and
eighty uatives iu the exhibit, under the
direction of a priest and a chief. %14ho
give their directions or revelations
fron a raisedl strtictitre like a throne
that stands in thle public sqitare. in the
village.
The ordlnary Javanese. they tell me,
does not believe tihat mian lives for the
purpose of sworking. lie works enough
to keep body and soul together and not
imore. It is only at tea harvest-time
that he really does work five or six
weeks in succession. By the way. they
raise a great deal of exeellnt tea in
.lava, which, oddly enough, is not used
in the United States at all. They raise
and export rice in large quantities and,
the Dutch forced lpon them the bless
ings of w\estern civilization. Bult their
social conditions are primitive. Such
a thing as the division of labor is al most
unknown. Every man ishis own farmer.
carpenter, swaver, tailor, cook. etc.
It is only in sotne of the trades requir
ing a higher d(legree of skill, snuch as
silver work, furniture and wood carv
ing, that any specialists can develop,
and it ies here they show considerable
antitude.
Their dr-ess is primitive also. The
women wear a Dlouse of some soft ma
terial and a skirt of what they call
sarang. Trhis is a peculiar kind of
dress over which a woman will some
times spend eight or nine months.
They take a piece of calico and dlye i
to the tint they want for a basi.a Tith
an instrument like a pencil they trace
the outlines of the figures and then
boil the cloth in wax Then a little
melting pot that has a fine spout is
filled with the paint and melted wax
and moving the spout over the outlines
the cotntents are poured out on the
c&oth.
In an audience hall the .av-anese at
the vorld's fair will give public exhi
bitions of their natise entertainments
There will be dancers, boxers, wrest
lers, jupglers ard other athletes.
Thlere are two kinds of ar.hlestra. One
is the gamelang or gong band, where
only gongs are used. The music is
strange, but ti naid to e,% a ttimet verg
sweet and melodious even to western
people. The gamelang is always ac
companied by marionettes who give
something that will remind you of the
old-fashioned Punch and Judy show.
Another orchestra is supplemented by
string and wind instruments, with
violins of ivory and bamboo.
A unique exhibit will be the dancers
of the sultan of Jokjerkarta, who is
said to have the largest and best
equipped corps of female dancers on
the island. The dance is described as
entirely different from anything that
is seen anywhere else. In fact, it I
would scarcely be called dancing by
us who are accustomed to see people
jump around and chase one another
over the floor. This Javanese dancing
consists almost entirely of posturing I
to slow music, and the movements are
said to be marvelous, even the fingers I
taking part in them. The dresses are
rich and often very beautiful.
The sultan of Johore, an island near
Singapore, will be here with his suite.
This man is said to have $10,000,000
worth of diamonds and is fond of dis
playing them. lie is preparing twelve
or fifteen houses, which will be shipped
in a short time.
The exhibit from Sumatra and Bor
neo is very much like that from Java.
The Samoan exhibit will contain
some native dwellings, which are tent
fashion and thatched with cocoanut
leaves and fiber, the walls being of
mats. There will be Samoan dancers
also, who are more like the East In
dians. Some of their warriors in "full
dress" and some tattooed natives will
also be brought over.
The Fijians w:ll exhibit themselies
mainly. A Maori village represents
New Zealand.
II. E. O. IIEINEM11ANN.
CONVEYING RACE HORSES.
One of the InventIols of the Stage-Coach
It is difficult for owners and train
ers of the present day. when a valua
ble horse, trained to'the hour, can be
sent anywhere to mneet an engagement
within twenty-four hours, to appre
ciate the difficulties felt by their prede
cessors before railways were intro
duced. In thoce daylys horses were
marched over the country ut the rate
of ten miles a day, and a si inner of the
Oaks in 3s:;6 wa., dilatc'hed at once
from Epsomn to take part in the New
castle Plate, s ith a full month spent
on the journey. Lord (:corge lIen
tiuck's enterprise devised a plan by
which race horses were placed in a
van, a sort of traveling; stable, and
taken by post-horsles all over the king
doin.
The first occasion on whibh this new
machine was employed \vwa when Elis
was sent from Goodwood to take part
in the St. Leg-erin Is::O. when the horse
had been left temporarily in eharge of
Jonn Kent's father. Ili- successes at
Goodw\ood and l.ewes had induced L,ord
George to back him heavily for the
L.eger; bilt juit before the race he
found that some parties were helping
themselves largely on his horse, and
he made it known that unless his com
missioner iva., accommodated swith a
bet of twelve thousand pounds to one
tlhousand pounds he would not start
him. This bet was laid, as John Kent
suiggest.s, I ecanse it was iliev\ed at that
period to bli in;ipossibl^ t- gE' t Elis to
I)oncaster in tinle for the race.
IHiowever, 1,r'd I ;eorge's newly-in
vented van \ as lroni'ight into requisi
tion, and on the Friday before the race
was started. laden by Elis and
his schoolmaster, theI Druln nmelr. The
distance of two ihundrid and fifty
miles was divided into three see
tions of about eighty m.ilcas each,
and on Snnday iiioning the two
horses were galloped on the Lich
field racecourse. (On the Monday
evening E'lis twas s:foly l tabled in Don
caster, the c:(-t of the jouirni-y hlaving
been absut, one hunr.drel pouinds. ()n
thile \\ednesday lie w-on the L.eger. and
Lord George e a-, vell repaid fori this
expenditure. \hlien he finally joinied
the (ooodwsoud stable. Lord (;eorge hall
six such vans empcloyed Iy .lohii Kent
and hli fathelr. nan donultleys this in
vention had mlinlh to do wivitht the sue
cers of his stable.- -Academy.
ýonowna t.eymer.
Noinoma count,. Cal.. will send a
unique exhibit to the world's fair. It
will he a representation of the geysers,
one of the great'c natural curiosities of
the state. The model will be thirty
two feet long, twenty-eiglht feet wide
and eighteen feet high. One, of tile
greu.t spouting caldrons of stea:n will
be repriesented by real rock and imita
tion in staff, while a background will
be painted to represent the munst pic
tnresque view of the canon, fromi whlich
scores of geysers arise. Artificial
lights in various colors will reproduce
the peculiar play of color seen in the
gorge. The semblance of the hot
sprinegs is to be made by use of steam
pipes. In the foreground will he placedl
a huge nllegorical lirure of "The
I)Demon of the G;eysers.' mnodeled by
RIupert Schmiud.
l istori Ta ,le.
The women of Illar-risburg. Pa., anl
vic;nity will pre~sent Mrs. otter Ial
mer, for her nuse in the \Vomen's build
inog at the exposition, a table which
will be unique and his o'ie. It will
be maide up of a panel of olive wood
brought from t'he ulount of Olives, a
panel made from the mulberry tree t
whilch thie Indians bounid th" founder
of Harrisburg to burn him to, death.
pieces of oak frolmn tl tinlmber which
supports the old Liberty bell in ainde
iprdence hall. strips from the oil ma-n
hogany doors of the state house, a
panel from the house used by Washing
torn at \'Va!!ey Forge. and a strip from
the w-indow sill of the old house on
Arch street. Philadeiphin. swhere the
first American flag was unadle.
----lrs. hirstealler (w-hile her card is
hbeing sent ipi--lIvidently Mrs. Dne
SLaney obje(-s I ot her daughters making
- lingering farewells in the lhallivay with
their gentlemn friends?." Mrs. Second
- ealler-"llow do yon kno~w?' Mrs.
Firstealler --The hall lI mp has a
-green shade, and. y-Ou may relt assulred
that the yoing ladies wrtl; not linger
long in such an rfavorable lihth"
Marper's Ua-:as
THE 4ANAKAN REALM.
Will It Beoome a Part of the
United Statee?
rho Reeent Revolution at Honolulu and
Its Probable Results-The Commlession
ers Appointed to Confer with
Presildent Harrison.
[Specxal Lotter.1
The dissatisfaction of the foreign rem
dents at Honolulu, the poetic capital of 1
the Sandwich islands, culminated in I
one of the most peaceful revolntions re- I
rorded in history, and led to t he forma
tion of a provisional government, whose I
members consider annexation to the
United States a political necessity, and 1
the assumption of a protectorate by Mr.
itevens, American minister at liono
EX-QUEEXN I.ILIUOKALAII.
lulu. The delegation of five gentle
men, who are now sojourning in Wash
ington, is composed of sterling material.
The envoys are, without exception,
Hnawaiian patriots, even though some
of them were born otn foreign soil, and
the impression they have made on the
president and secretary of state leads
me to believe that the lI:ewaiian king
dom will soon be a territory of the
United States.
The i.landls. whi-h are now presnte,]
to I nele Sam on a silver platter, as it
were, have fvcquently been mentioned
in the dipltomnatic history" of our ecoun
try. President Ftillmore. in his message
to congress ini 181. sidtl that "while the
government of the Itnited States. itself
faithful to it-, original assurance, scrupu
lously regards tIe" independence of the
lawaiian islandns. it can never consent.
to see those islands taken possession of
by either of the gre;.t commercial pow
ers of Europe, nor can it consent that
demands, manifestly unjust and lderoga
tory, and inconsistent with bona tide
independence, shall lbe enforced against
that government."
The islands are ten times nearer to
the UInitedl States than to any European
power. Ilonolul.u, the principal har
bor, is on the direct route of all vessels
IilE -RINCERR KAICLAI.1
sailing from San Fr.tneis-,o and other
Pacific coast ports~ to Aistralia, C'hinta
and Japan. \\ hen the Ni, tratr,;a canal
is put into operation, its imeportance
will be vastly augmented, antI its con
trol biy the Arerican g-overmnrnnt ihe
-,ome an absolunte necessit-y.
(;reat Blritain has always pl'zed the
part of mitistlief maker in ilnwaiian
a,airs. E.ver since the elevt:itn of
iailaluua to the throne in -t ling-
lis-h emiesn rie- have tried ., uIinder·-
minue American intllnenre. li 1t tel
Inittiil States snllcetled in .,. luding
a reciprocity treaty with the IIl.nlulu
gove-rnment and sc uredI the i,ssii,,n if
l'e.art harbor. near Ilonolulni. with the
right to establish a naval tatitn at that
point. In 15s9 bSecretary lilaine at
tempted t, create nbsolute fr,-e tr:ade
between the islands andI the I -niterd
States, ibut Volneoy 1'. Ashferd. then at
trn. y general of the islandts. managedl
to defeat the negotiations h1 pr.ani.
ing the l tinr more adva\ntagnens terms
with tanadat, of which tcountry t lie at
torney Rgeneral was a naltive.
11hen Kalakaua died, in 19t1. his
sister, Princess IAlinokalani. beocnme
ruler of the isl-]nl l kingdotn. .\lth eigh
he.r husbhand, lohn ti. Dominis, was an
A.nmerican by birth, the queen favored
England and opposed. every movement
starlted to secure annexation to the
United States. As the dusky queen
grr'w elder her j.udgment eom ed to give
way eomplretly, and when, to crown
former arbitrary ~,lings. sli,' attempt-il
to revise the constitution to suit eter
un., pleasure, the Europeans end
Americans simply formed a proviinnal
gevernunent and deposed Lilinokalnni
- and her army of fifty-six grenadiers.
, The heir apparent. Princess Kninlani. a
charming girl twentr ee.rs of uge. Ithe
Sdanghter of Col. A. 0:. (leghorn. col
r l-0.t,-r ,f -the 1 -t of lonoluln , and tite
l ,ate Princes Lie- Tlike. is now in Eng
hnd, heit lcre sth wais ,eat to fniaish her
education and receive diplomatic tral
Ing according to Johnny Hull's Ilea.
Thu first act of the provisional goV
ernment was the appointment of the
five commis:,ioners who are now at
Washington to secure annexation to
the United States. The delegation is
headed by JMr. Lorin A. Thurston,the son I
of an American missionary. Mr. Thurs
ton is a comparatively young man. Hle
graduated from Columbia ecllege in
1880, and upon returning to Honolulu at
once became a politictal leader. In 1S89
he headed a revolution against the dis
solute Kalakana, and a year later was
appointed minister of the kingdom. In
1)t2 hie was elected a member of the
house of nobles. Considering that he
is now but thirty-five year's of age, his
history may reasonably be pronounced
an eventful one. W\illiam C. \Vilder,
the second delegate, is a Canadian by
birth. lIe was a member of the United
States army before emigrating to
Hlawaii in 1869. Ile was electeda noble
in 1888 and was sent to parliament
again in 18"12. lie is the president and
general manager of the Wilder Steam
ship cujnpany, which has done much to
develop the resources and commerce of
the island.. C'harles L. Carter, the
third delegate, is twenty-eight years of
age and of American descent. lie is
the grandson of l)r. G. P. Judd, who
was the first premier of the Hawaiian
government after its organization on a
civilized basis. 'lr. Carter received his
education at Ann Arbor, and isa law\ver
by profession. W\illiam It. Castle, the
fourth delegate, is also of American
parentage and a graduate of the Co
Iunmbia latw school. For awhile he was
asaociated with W\\illiam C. WVhitney,
then corporation counsel of New York.
In Hlaw'iiian affairs his name has be
come a byword. his public services in
cluding member-hip in the legislature
GiOVI:ERNMENT II(OUSE, HiONtOLUtlV.
and the house., of nobles and the speak
ership of the ho'se. JIoseph Marsden,
the fifth cnimnissi-ner, is an English
man by hirtlh, forte.-six years of age,
and has lived in tihe islands since 1)9.
I have purposely dwIeltat some length
upon the re, ords of rlhe eonmmissioners,
as they provCe tbeyond the shadow of a
doubt that tihe p1roi:s-in:al government
replre'sent the mlost tdesiral le elements
of Iawvaii's popu, lation. The "revolu
tioni.rts" :want a staple government-
nothing more. IFor this reason they
seek admission into the union as a ter.
ritory, to be go,verned by the law. of
I-tah or other territorial govcninents.
T'hey seem to think that the establish
ment of a simiuple protectorate would
not lie satisfa:'or', as England wnould
certninly tind a way to matke the lot of
Ilawaii unpleti'.-tnt under such an elas
tic and unreiuli l-. aigreemnent. They
argue that in.:sinuch a u 12 per cent.
of the ciiuntr\'- trade is done with
the : I tnited c ;ate ts and 7:1 per cent.
of the e'arrD"ing tra'ie by American
ships a:nn-exatin is the only proper
way of silt lineg the difli'unlty. Shouhl
the UInitedl taitis take the islands under
its prite-tin., winig, the ne;v territory
nu ill pro-,vil handso~mely for the deposed
queen doil I,,r itivdl niece.
It is pl'rhaps not geCn-rally known
that the por'c'. :Itae of per capita trade
of the Sain \li ih is-:la:,i~s is larger than
that of iany other country. l)uring the
year 151i.). f,.r inst'ance. the value of
imports wasi aboul .7-,000.000. while the
expsrt - i'were .i-i" at $1:;.'25'2.000. mak
in;g ;a tltal if ste-r "20,o0.t0O0, or $>2f23
fir ever-v inhabilant. That such a
cnuntri' i:- \wrt talking. even when
viewed fr-m n da ,ilar and cent point of
view, ca:nnot be disputel.
le. 1i. 1tEIrPIraT.
FSome per'-sons spe: of "'snake-lites"'
-mii 'poi-,nou,-s snk"-." If poison is
sialliwc 1l it tindt s its sv.ty into the sys
teon th 'uigh the stonm-h. with unu
phlasant ;ita sonmtimues fatal rIesults.
'The duitremu's fluid in the serpents
hn: ,l is von-nm, and mus-t be injected
inut, the , hli.t in order to be efTet ive.
'iht', N,".-w i rlian s 'Iirn.es-I )omnocrat ex
plliini lthat -nrakles do not bite. "'Prolr
ably-." it .:, . "n'o creatiure in the
wmrhll nmrx ide'l t: ith tes-th and jaws
ha. so, lilt tle" pwer if I:itiug. The jaws
:,re not iinigud, buitt are attac'hied one to
the other ly cartilege. 1'Thus a snake
e-an have nIo levcrnare il opposing one
jaw Ii tIhe oth alter, and could not in this
manner pie,'e th' smlinl. T'he fonigs are
drivn into the tifish iby a stroke, not by
n hit'-. A tliake i - hatrmless unless in
i.il. Ir.u iits 'oil it throsv its head
and luitdy f,rss ard. end strilses or honks
its f'mn~-r inml :the oilj'tet aitmned at. The
entire work is dot in' ith thle upper jaw,
the lower jawy hasing nothing at all to
'i.'u- f. -. (1. Dixon. the IEnglish scien
tist, ha-- teen exp erinnenting upon the
manner in wli,'h the germs if tilt-rei
l-is ire spr.eau abru-ad iy lndie
iro~ e-. Ie had n rti-ess. drt-ggeied over
lb ii-,ruuiimid to st ,r three hint's, and on
.s gk - '.. l ' n\.in alule t .- suhits no fe.. er
than -evi-n t1o'r, le int-illi. obinined, of
i,:i. fren the 51st il dirt swept up
bi tlhe ret--s. 'Th, praeti iae le-son
irirht 1v this faet sent-is to - that of
ih-,, -is g hoIu''. ihen triailing skirts tire
brith -1 in our hi-in.ru. the germs of dn
e-, i - helir -p-ire get dissipaterl in lhb
'in. an-I thus placto, in a position t,- in
fpted h-.' is iho are t 11 "'his is another
Iand p -.; erful arguument against trailin:
s.kirts.
Pirclhaiscr--Yu-u are srei the ehe~
0ro ,er (mutting _uff n slihe)-Yes, sir.
limn-n , i' ' ,, ht.el tii i is bit -uf , 'cheli,
Odut'n tili I e'u't a pi-,e of paper to wrap
OF GENERAL INTEREST.
-A book published in Philadelphia
in 1852 contains this information re
specting some breweries just built near t
that city! "everal lager beer estab- t
lishments will be noticed. These brew- I
cries are of very recent origin and lager f
beer is to many an unknown beverage.
It is a German drink, of which they are C
very fond, and is similar in taste and t
appearance to porter. "
-Tom Cole, a white man, who was
reported to have killed a man at Htirm
ingham, Ala., some weeks ago, eluded I
a close search by the aid of a clever dis
guise. lie wore a wig of wool, stained t
his face and hands and made himself up =
as a negro. lie remained in the vicin
ity of where the crime was committed, I
though detectives were searching the
neighborhood for him. lie was finally
captured at a hotel where he was living
as a negro.
-A lawyer from a small Atlantic
coast city in looking over New York
harbor from llrooklyn heights found a
double enjoyment, partly in the beauty
and activity of the scene, partly from
the fact that the troubled waters
brought to his mind many a well-fought
admiralty case. Perhaps nine-tenths 1
of the admiralty business of this coun
try originates in and about New York
harbor, and the swift tides that meet
off the Blattery are responsible for law
suits in every maritime state of the
union.
-A careless lad down in Edgetfeld
county, S. C., carried a raw turnip and
a quantity of matches in the same
pocket. )uring this unfortunate jux
taposition he was caught in a rain
storm and thoroughly soaked. Then
he ate the turnip and soon after a doc
tor had to be called. The doctor was
puzzled for some time until he examined
a small remaining fragment of the
turnip, when he discovered that it was
thoroughly impregnated with the pois
on of the match heads, which had been
dissolved by the rainwater.
-The Corcoran art gallery, in Wash
ington, is to be greatly enlarged. The
institution long since outgrew its pres
ent accommodations The trustees have
recently purchased a piece of ground
diagonally opposite the state depart
merit, at Seventeeneenth street and New
York avenue, upon which they will
erect a building with a frontage of ~1t
feet on Seventeenth street, 170 feet on
New York avenue and 130 feetl on E
street. \\'hen finished the addition will
represent an outlay of $1,009,000. excluts
ice of the ground, which cost about
$150,000.
-Alfred P. lRoliinson. the new chief
justice of Dl)elaware, comes from (;eorg e
town the ancient and somnoletnt :e.t
of Sussex, the most southern coulnty of)f
the state. The chief justice receives a
salary of $2,S00 a year and somle allow
ances for traveling expenses. Oddly
enough, the chief justice, the highest
court, of Delaware. is not its presiding
judge. That dignity belongs to the
chancellor, an otticer who ordinarily
holds court all alone. The court of alp
peals fathers all thie judges of time state.
five in number. The only other judge
in )celawvare, except a federal judge, is
the municipal judrge of Wilmington.
--T)uring the revolution Maine was
very little disturbed, but during the
war of 1S12 that district suffered much.
The Blritish held possession of a part ,f
the country, but their rule was compar
atively mild after they gained a foot
hohLd Maine continued to be a district
of Massachusetts until ls2l), onlvell in
aMarch 15 it wvas admitted into the
union as a state. For more than half a
century the governmeunts of the United
States and (ireat Blritain were inv-olv, ed
in a controversy concerlning the ea:stern
boundary of Maine. which the treaty
of 17_33 did not accurately deftiln. The
hlispute was finally seltled in lt4"
Maine was twice invaded iby confcder
ates during the civil wear.
--I', o young flloi\s s inh w-ere tak
ing a pedestrian tour throuiuh I hi elurk
ihire hills recently loI their svay after
making the ascent ot of Mount Everett.
and at nightfall were , l:d to ee-k
quarterr- t a loniely farm"ihon-s' The
wominan in char-ge got up an 'xci''lent
supper, killing a chickern for t hem.
gave themn ,lean, comnfortablle bedl ainl
hadt a savory Ii-renkfast rueaduv in the
morning. \V1heu they asked how ni ui
they should pay her she replied, in a
deprecating iway, that as times wvere ait
little hardl she would have: to charge
them more than they miught like to pay,
but twelve and one-half vrents apiefce
wiould be satisfi rtory. She wavls aistin
islhed when they igav- heir au dollar. and
probably thinks to this day that she
entiertained \Vanderbilts una\iares.
-A business nan in 'New York city
wI-ho is up to his ears in the w:ortk neces
sary to gather capital to tlbat an enter
prise, and at the satne time to keep in
formation of the nature of it away from
busy rivals. found tiname last week to
say.: "Did y:ou ever thiink that a patent
does not patent in this -ioiintry" \\'el.l,
it' a fact All that the patent oiftice
does is to give you a palper -ithl some
writing on it. but if another mnan steals
your idea, and goes to mannfaHcturing
your invention, the paten-t oiime eiiil
not lift a tinger to protect you or ,tandl
hby its own decisioua. The fact that
yotiv're got a patcnt is a point in your
favor, but youve rgot to hire lasy-er:
and tght tile thief in the courts, and if
he aenn stand it to hire lawy-ers longer
than you can, that settles you, and von
miu-ht as well mnakec him a present of
your invention.
rquieaklng Sundss.
Singing sands are found In many
parts ci the United States but sque-ak
ing sanlds are not sui common. Therel-e
is only one place in this country u'here
t he scquneaking sand is found amid that
is a small plain in south toloradlo The
sinaing sand emits a muisial sounul
only when dry and loses this property
on hiing damrpened The si;ueaking
Isand, on the other handl. is silent xt hen
<I, i and squeaks best and loudest when
moistened. The sound it. gives forth is
by no means loud bilt sromew:lat rm
senmbles the squecaking of an arm chair.
It sounds when rubbed between the
fingers or \vhen placed in a small bag
nnd violent·ly struck bnut the cause of
the sound is a mystery.-The (;remit
Divdih.
PERSONAL AND IMPERSONAL.
f-Mr. Edmunds, of Vermont, is maid
to have been almost the only exception
to the rule that the supreme oourtprao
ti*c of a lawyer soon dwindles after hf.,
becomes a United States senator. Sen
ators Teller, Carpenter, Morgan and
others found that their clients dropped
off one by one after senate cares began
to press Senator'- Mit_'hell and Dolph.
however, still have a good many cases.
-A New York artist has spent two
summers among the Great Smoky
mountains of Tennessee, because, he
says, he gets the same kind of subjects
there that the French painters find
around Barbizon-the same rudeness of
implements, the same simplicity of
habitations; even the same blue cloth
ing. "I don't see why so many of our
fellows go to France," said he, "for we
have everything that we can want in
this country."
-A manager in New York-not the
man one would have expected to say it,
either-declares that farce comedies
are working a general injury to theat
rical interests: "To the legitimate thea
ters, because they are taking people
away from them; to the public, because
they are lowering the standards of
taste; to the variety shows, because
they are being constantly recruited
from them, and to the actors, as a class,
because they induce a man to give up
honest work and play at the gallery."
-A Brooklyn lady who is spending
the winter in l'aris with her two young
daughters, while her husband's busi
ness compels him to stay at home, be
ing anxious to have her husbaud join
his family, said to her eldest daughter
one day in presence of her youngest, a
six-year-old: "I wish your papa could
be appointed as minister to some court
in Europe." \Vhereupon the young
but discriminating miss quickly re
sponded: "'\'hy, mamma, you must be
crazy, papa couldn't preach a good ser
mon.
---One of the most heroic of New
York's workers is Marvin Clark, the
blind newspaper man, well known by
his specials for the daily papers and
other work. It is now nearly five years
since he lost his sight, after a journal
istic career that had extended over a
period of thirty years. As soon as it
was decided that he was hopelessly
blind he taught himself the use of the
typewriter, and by having the papers
read to him daily, manages to keep his
place as a worker in his profession. He
is steadily cheerful and uncomplaining,
and does excellent work.
-At a banquet of the Veteran Ma
sonic association in Washington the
other night Senator Dolph, of Oregon,
interestingly sketched the introduction
of masonry into Oregon. "Away back
in the '40s." said the senator, "Capt
.liohn Kellogg crossed the plains from
Missouri, carrying with him the char
tex of the first lodge of Oregon. It
toxok him many months to get to the
state, and lie had to undergo many
hardships, but he clung to the charter.
and, although nearly all his goods were
lost and many times he was in danger
of losing his life, when he arrived at
Oregon City the little scroll was with
him."
-Slncetimes when a man tries to be
good he never gets credit for it. One
citizen of New York bought tickets for
a big ball a f.ew nights ago, and when
the people in the office heard of it they
twitted hint and said: "You'll be
a:round here to-morrow with your head
done up in a wet towel, and won't be
goxil for anything all day." Said he:
"'I resolved to give them a surprise. I
wxent to the ball and didn't drink a
drop of anything but water, went home
as straight as a string, and in the morn
ing wokelo up with the nastiest kind of
a bilious headache. But of course they
wouldn't allow that it was anything
but lthamnpagne. So far as people's
good opinion is concerned, it doesn't
pay very well to be" good, does it?"
" A LITTLE NONSENSE."
-( ntorner-""Are tihese gloves much
wo-,rn nn "i r1 -".No; they are only
sh,,p soileh'd
-- "The do't ,r has discovered a curi
ous thing aibout Pl'neltpe's heart," said
MIrs. l\ ald, of Beac·,n street "It
becats in esactly the same time as that
of Shelley' ( 'enci"---larper's Bazar.
-Ir-. l-'.zzletton-"\Why, Julia, what
on earth is the matter? Why have you
taken the legs off the table?" Julia-
"'Slithre, num. didn't ver tell me not to
leave the table standing?'"-Hrooklyn
'Times.
i-\Wool- "l'Pop'e are mighty uncivil
in 'hiladelphia." Van Pelt-"How
so?'" \\~1l--"I asked a native yester
dlav wh::t street I was on, and all the
tilpiv I got was ''hestnut'"-N. Y.
Herahl.
-lie Felt It.-Professor - "'Vhat's
the f,rmuinla for nitric acid?" Fresh
man-- (\Vho has been experimenting
s- ithout knowleldge of the acid's prop
ert ies) -- "There is nothing formal
athiut it, sir. It just goes on without
cert'mony. "-Pharmaceutical Era
-Chi-aro Man (in art gallcy)--"H'm.
now, what's that represent?" (rnide
"The flight into Egypt " C M.-"HIa,
ha! great scheme! P'rophetic sort of
thing. ch'? Think I'll go there myself
ill world's fair year. Have to escape
from my relations, you know."-Kate
iField's \Vashington.
-"You vere gone a good while."
S~aid the invalid to her husband, who
hadl ben to the drugstore, "it must
have taken the clerk a good while to
put lup the prescription." "I don't
know: I think he must have spent a
good <l al of the time putting up the
price." \\Washington Star.
-laron b hringing an heirloom to the
t jewceler's)--"Could you not substitute
imitations for the diamonds so that I
I could take the jewel and you still hae
Sthe valuable portion of the jewel7"
r .leweler-'"Certainly. my dear baro';
a bt you see your father has got ahead
Sof you."--lliegende Blatter.
s -Those Dear Women.-(Deaslow b
- invited a party of friends ohelaet -
poker symposium and Mrs. De m ."
Sbrings in the luncheon jest as D e ',
Sgets his first hand in two ho~--W-l
1 I Tommy! inn't it rathes neusad to tie th
t every card in year hand elasem
Sm~cith, c;4 Acr?~~ Ca'sMo