THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTR
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1895. NUMBER 4.
amI l 1 I" . - A .T I- i . I Tr m I, ý A . . . . I .."-- ."." . .. " " - -" * - " - I - - . . .
M ON BROS.
-DBALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
lecele Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
SWatchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Stoem.
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. lRpairing of fine watches a ape
slalty:- All work cheap and guarantoed.
MT. CAMLRI CONV IT
LAPAYETTE,. LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will ho given to this health
and comfort of those placed under tht
care of the Sisters.
k'or terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY 8HOP.
fear lanik c ul.ltir.
FILED MOUTfON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attoended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST,
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
s 0. VOORHIES,
As- "'cV AT LAW AND
NuL'AARY PUBLIC,
Lrafayete, La.
IL WY. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYVTTE, LA. a
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Attoxn,.nar s a4t I- av, a
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LiVERY
AND tb
FEED Stable.
Lincoln Avoeue,
Two Blocks From Depot. s
First-class rigs at reasonablo prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required at
LAEAYETTE. LA.
jan 17. e'
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary .;
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and Now Orleans.
LA+A 1EaJr zT'. LA. k
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AND
Sale Stable
& COISTAITII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayetto Parish 11 years, calls kn
attention to his new and successfu I treat
oaant of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal Inbalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cu'ro is
Consumption, in the first and econsd
period if they follow exactly the treat. agl
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chrohic diseases in gen. iy
eral a speoialty. tlh
O. P. GUJLBEAU,
Notary Public
-An- iin
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and prompt attention given te
the collection of ii i ecounts~, notes o ing
Irafta. Sale and purcaso of lands a t
tended to. 1-19 bct
* - car
C, Hi. MOUTON, .
A LITTLE MEJDIATOR.
How She Innooently Helped a
Bashlul Lover.
ND the young
prince married
the princess and
-lived happily
e. forever after."
ably twenty, in
e a big chair, by
th the light of a
bright hearth
fire, was read
ing to a younger
LA. girl-in fact, a
little girl. The
story is con
cluded and the book closed.
"There, dear, how does that story
yen? - Don't you Wish you knew
such an interesting, handsome, noble
Sprince.as the one of whom I have just
read?"
This interrogation from the older girl
the younger one un seciously ignores
for a time. She is d ming. Hler big,
blue eyes are staring vacantly into the
red embers which have fallen from the
logs on the hearth. Then she sighs
deeply.
Waking from her reverie, she turns
those wide, wondering eyes to the face
of above her, for she is seated at the older
pOD girl's knee, and asks:
ed. "Do you know, Julia, that prince re
minds me of Mr. Mercer? Mr. Mercer
is handsome. And he's brave, too,
'cause he saved my dollie when it fell
into the lake last summer. Only"-in
a regretful tone-"he hasn't any prin
cess for his bride yet. But he will have,
'cause he said he would."
'be Oh, he did!" from the older girl.
"Yes, he did. Least, he's going to
Ith marry a queen. And isn't it strange,
,ha Julia, her name is just the same as
yours?"
"Why, child, what are you saying?
lIow do you know all this?"
"WVell," answerec the little one,
puckering her mouth in a childish,
quizzical way, "while Mr. Mercer was
waiting for you to finish dressing for
the theater the other evening, he took
me on his knee and we sat here by the
fire. I told him I was awful tired
reading fairy stories, and asked him if
p he couldn't tell me one. lie said he
thought he didn't know any 'cept
rk what's in the books, but 'course, if I
%a wanted him to he'd try."
"Yes, and what did he tell you?"
"lie said: 'Once there was a man
who liked a girl awful much, but he
was afraid to tell her so, 'cause he
didn't know how she'd take it.' And
" he said: 'By Jove, I wish she wasn't
so distant to me.' And 1 said: 'Is she
so far away?' He said: 'No, not that
" kind of distant.' 'She's not kind to
you, then?' said I. 'tYell. not kind
enough,' said he. Then I told him she
D wasn't nice if she wasn't kind, and he
said, right quick: 'Oh, yes, she is nice;
she's adorable-she's a queen.' 'WVhy,
what's her name?' said I. Well, he was in
staring in the fire, and he took a big, g,
long breath and said: 'Julia.' " II
"Yes, yes," said the older girl, very er
much interested. "Go on."
" 'Why, that's my sister's name,' I ye
said. 'Does she know her?' "
"And he jumped up so quick he really a
frightened me, but then he kissed me rr
and sat me on the edge of the table,
and said: 'Now, Joyce, I startel in to Je
tell you a fairy story, didn't 1?' en
'Yes,' said I; 'but it wasn't much a- ha
,ount.' 'I know that,' said he, awful
-quick; 'and I want you. to forget ah lhe
about it, and I'll come around some ta
5ther time and tell vou another one.' m'
'WVell, if it isn't any better than the en
one you started you needn't come,' ha
laid I. And he-why, he laughed and be
said he'd try and make the next more th
Interesting. Then you came down- ric
stairs, and when you were going out mu
with him lie turned around, put his fin
ger on his lips and he looked real seri- ne
ous. I think-" do
"Why, Joyce, he meant you should ch:
not say anything about it." me
"About what?"
"Why, about what he told you. It to
was naughty of you, Joyce; it was bel
wvrong."
"Well, that's the second time I didn't ant
know what 'keep quiet' meant. You in
hia
br
ten
an(
me
mu
I I me
nig
V i y t you
eye
stoc
his
of
"I WANT YOU TO FORGET ALL ABOUT IT." Led
know what you said about him last
week. Well, after I told him about A
it-,o ' ao "
i "Whatl did you tell him all about-" t
Miss Julia sits back in her chair max
aghast. the
"Yes; I told him, and he said: 'My, ing
Iyng, Joyce, you mustn't tell things like hibi
that.' iut he didn't tell me that till I engi
was all done talkring." t he
"Oh, you horrid child! How dared pres
you do such a thing? HIow-" Over- abl
come by her feelings, Miss Julia sat e,,v
in silence, but she did a good deal of of
thinking. chin
The two girls sat in quiet for a ti ne doin
without speaking, and it was becom- sere'
ing embarrassing to both when the er'- requ
trance of a maid with a card caused atte
beth to rise. The older girl reads the
card: "Mr. Mercer." -
"Tell Mr. Mercer to come up here. doinr
It's much warmer"-in an apologetic Duel
way-"-"and Joyce, it's far past your the
bedtime, Bay good pight a44 Tun lette
nRpl~'e a8Z)
'R Obey1rng her sister, Jo-ce 4lust reches
the doorway when her path is
blocked by the form of a tall, good
a looking young fellow, who stands
slightly surprised, with a bulky pack
age in his arms.
"Good evening, MIiss Julia. How are
you, Joyce! You are not going as nmon
*rled as I come, are you? VWhy, I have
and brought you a present. lBut then yov
won't want to see it until to-morrow."
S"Oh, yes; show me now, please,"
ro- pleads the little one.
r, in And while the young man kneels to
by untie the package he has brought,
ga Joyce's diminutive figure squats on a
arth rug by the fire.
cad- Giving vent to an exclamation of
Iger surprise and delight, Joyce makes a
:t, a rush for the prize, and, obtaining it,
The spends several hurried moments in ad
con- miration and examination. Then, re
membering about bed, she throws one
tory little arm around Mercer's neck; the
w other tightly holds the doll. She gives
ble him a hearty kiss, and, looking earn
just estly in his eyes, exclaims: "Oh, you
are so good'" and turning to her sister,
girl she says: "Isn't he, Julia?"
ges With a perceptible blush, the sister
big, answers: "Why, yes he is, indeed. lut
the you must run off to bed now."
With a happy smile on her little i
ghs face Joyce kisses both her sister and
Mercer good night and starts off to I
rns bed.
lnut at the door she hesitates, stops
der and turns. "Mr. Mercer," she says, i
"I hope you won't be angry, but I t
re- didn't forget that fairy story you told d
cer me, and I told Julia about it. Now, e
you're not angry, are you?"
fell Mercer just about realizes what the b
-in child has said. Ie is dazed, but he re
plies with a nervous, forced laugh: Z
S "Am I angry? Oh, no; not at all." tJ
ye, The little one is too young to no- b
tice-but the older girl does-that 4
this is said in a sarcastic way, kindly o
withal. t
as I'm so glad," Joyce says, in a re
lieved tone. "I didn't think you would b
be angry 'cause I told Julia you liked t
heF. 'Cause you do, don't you?"
Miss Julia has not only had trouble
to retain her composure during this b
,as ei
[or E
ak ( a
he we pi
J , m i lo
yed u met.
he tb
pt o o
at
in e f ha /ntdin fra i in
he
eto h ouh
l iete mose Jin.
ie i
e; "Woo'T YOU COME To TILE WINDOW." n
is interrogation, but felt she was in dan- he
Sger of fainting from embarrassment on
However, she controls herself long do
'y enough to say: do
"Joyce, it's most nine o'clock; go to ou
I your bed." wa
Without any further remarks, save us
y a sweet "Good night," the little one thi
te runs off to bed. tre
The unexpected declaration that Can
o Joyce had made regarding the secrets tro
each had thought buried in the child a
had quite unnerved Julia. wa
I a Walking to the window, Julia hides let
l her face in the folds of a friendly cur- ala
.e tam. The fire on the hearth had al- fro
' most died out. Nothing came from the
e embers save a dull red glow. The lamp the
' had not been lighted, and the room was
d becoming enveloped in darkness. Julia cnr
e throws back the heavy curtains and the ace
L- rich, silvery light from a full, round ace
t moon flows softly into the room. to
!- And as the midnight hour draws ewh
b- nearer there comes floating to the win- of
dow. over the city's roofs, the sound of
I chimes, as soft and as pure as the is
moon's white rays. low
"Listen to the bells. on't you come slid
t to the window? You can hear them are
s better." y
Mercer accepts the girl's invitation n, k
and is sure he can detect a tenderness e e
i in her voice that she had never used to
him before. A hope springs up in his
breast, anl as he reaches her side he
tenderly takes her hand within his own Ii
and says, almost in a whisper, as if prol
moved by the stillness and the mystic othe
music of the chimes: T,
Miss Merton--Julia-Joyce asked a st:
me a question before she left us to- witl
night. You heard it?" 01
Faintly and faltering comes a "yes. pull
"Let me answer it to you. I like and
you. More than that, I love you. Tell
me that I mayS hope." ift
Julia raises her head, and in her
eyes he readshis answer. Tenderly he Ire
stoops and kisses the lips npturned to
his, and locked in his strong embrace et
she stands silently, happy in his love. oats
And who knows, as they stood there T
together, but what both blessed the bree
child who had unconsciously told each
of the other's love. - Philadelphia tabl
Ledger. _"_-W1_
A Wonderfnl Macshlie. weel
A conception of the ingenuity in- that
volved in the construction of some of Ev
the finer tools now employed in various item
manufactures may be obtained from nesti
the following fact: A machine for turn- then
ing out watch screws was recently ex- T,
hibited at the institution of mechanical turk,
engineers in London, which was so com
plicated that several skilled engineers hag s
present confessed that they were un- IT
able to follow the train of mechanism, of t
even when it was explained by the aid
of working drawings. Yet this ma- craj
chine, when a vire is fed to it, goes on scrai
doing its work. turning out perfect
screws, and as long as the wire lasts it corn
requires no interference by its human potat
attendants. onior
least
-The Duke-"WVhaton earth are you To
doing down there, darling?" The that
Duchess iformerly Miss May Yohe. of cross
the "LiIlarity")-"flurnin. your love hens,
letters, dearj there's no neeal }q lk*P the i
'em) now.I"-Plek*Ne*BUP* Repu
ti' AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
rood
ands NEAT POULTRY HOUSE.
ack- !err ssdy and Convenlent and Earsy
rept,;Clean.
rare The accomplsyiy4 illustrations show
s.mn a very hand Convenient henhouse.
av It is locat er 'the kitchen and is so
you cleanly that the woman of the house
W. can run'in and out after eggs or for
"e' feeding purposes. It is built of
matched siding, running up and down,
s to and the roof is of the same material,
ght, with tarred paper the inside, which
)n a makes it very nn mforthble for lioe.
All the inside flxt es are movable, and
of monthly during e warm weather
es a
it, -
ad- .fffT
re- OUSE.
the
everything is taken out and the whole
bolic acid, applied with a spray pump.
ives
The roost poles are covered with cloth
kerosene. e ar the right, as seen inO
the diagram Fig. 1, isON OFthe entrance
But HOUSE.
everything is taken out and the whole
tle inside, including the roof, is given a
wd shower bath of lime water and oar
to bolic acid, applied with a spray pump. t
The roost poles are covered with cloth d
ops which is -occasionally saturated with g
ys, kerosene. this box is ear the right, as seen in ti
feed, shells, I the diagram aveig. 1, etcis. the entrance t
old door, and a is a bin four feet high and oot
5w, eighteen inches wide, running the i c
whole length of the building, with a
the hinged whlidch, for storing droppings.
re- Abovne this boxweek is a shelf, , for holding s
feed, shells, gravel, etc. At the left of
the door isf, a tight platform, ,re one foot square and fif
no beneath the roost poles, aving for catching
passag the droppings. At d is aenter hinged door n
a small opening on a level with the platform, the
through which the droppings are shov- la
e eledoight-ince a weey, intobin . The nboxest
Eachd boxest if, are one foot sboxuare and fwhe- n
ed teen incheshigh, leaving an eight-inch al
passage for the hens to enter the nests; se
)le asmallcrack is left at the top in the at
m'5 back, so that the light strikes the pe
eight-inch alley, but not the boxes. ha
Each nest is a separate box, and when st
ahen becomes broody the nest he chbox is ti
pulled forward close to the drop door, se
thus shutting up the alley and 'at
looking biddy on her nest. As a
the nests are all alike, it makes
no difference which nest she chooses to en
brood in-it can be moved to the end e
and thus does not obstruct the passage. wi
About two inches of moist sand are put gr
into the bottom of each nest before the e
th
mO. 2.--GROUND FLOOB OP POULTRY
SoUv> bu
hen is set; the straw nest is built there- Ste
on and the eggs are given her. The she
g door, g, is then shut down. Every am
morning the hatching hens are let ma
0 out for fifteen minutes to eat, drink, gre
wallow, etc., after which they will as
e usually take their own nests, if not COo
e they can be easily changed. The eggs tion
can be gathered through the door, g. Ion
At 1, under the nest boxes, is a long Pat
' trough with partitions for soft feed,
water, milk, etc., running. the whole
length of the building. The space be
s tween this trough and d in Fig. 2 is
slatted up with common lath. running
from the front side of the nests to the
e back side of the trough, thus leaving
P the trough in the alley where the fowls
cannot get into it-the lath being far
enough apart to allow the fowls easy
access to the feed. The lath are nailed
to narrow strips at top and bottom, to
be movable. At j is a dust bath the
whole length of the building in front
of the windows, which face the south.
In lig. 2, at a, is an oil stove which
is used when the temperature is too
low. At m, m, are ventilators with 2x3
slides to gauge them. The doors, h, h, Shi,
are for access to dust baths, etc., and on
n, n, are windows. Each of the two boa
apartments will accommodate twenty- be i
five fowls.-American Agriculturist. The
dee]
AMONG THE POULTRY. abo
At
Ix nearly all cases a hen is more low
profitable the second year than at any the
other time. dusi
To PRODUCE the best table fowls cross the
a strong, full-breasted pit game cock fore
with dorking hens. in tl
OLD hens lay larger eggs than the on t
pullets and their eggs produce stronger at t
and more vigorous chickens. hour
OvERweD fowls will not lay well, and will
if they are of the larger breeds they Davy
are more apt to die of apoplexy.
Ir the hens are too fat one of the
best ways to reduce them is to feed It o
oats rather than a fattening food.
TaE Langshams are one of the best In
breeds to lay in winter. They lay a try:
good number of eggs and are excellent line
table fowls. ing 1
WVrrH good feeding a young duck can hens
be made to weigh four pounds at ten than
weeks. A chicken will weigh only half came
that at the same age. able
EVEa in winter it will be quite an dyin
item to change the materials in the it ki
nests occasionally in order to prevent was
them from becoming foul. and 1
THREE years is about as long as a toun
turkey hen can be made profitable, but evem
a good gobbler can be used for breed- plied
ing until he is five years old. lestr
IT is a good plan to save the top soil m
of the yard where the fowls run. o
Scrape it over in the fall and put the cover
scrapings in with tothe other droppings. re
Ix fattening geese use a mixture of owin
corn and wheat with a coolced mess of that
potatoes, chopped clover, cabbage and ply ii
onions. Feed a mess of this kind at obser
least twice a week. ver,
To PRoDucE an excellent table fowl ap
that also has good laying qualities kind
cross a Houdan cock with Langsham duri
hens, Dark legs will be the result, but
the flesh will drres whit.~.-t Louy PAl
aspub~j t w
WOMEN AS FARMERS.
Tier Are 8ald to Be I'uchn Aere Suceses
ful Than MfIs.
It is said by those who claim to be in
tenr a condition to know what they are
talking about that the woman who
show takes up fruit culture, farming, ranch
Ouse. ing and stock raising will make a sue
is so ces out of it nine times out of ten.
Louse Women are, in proportion, very much
r for more successful than men, so says this
of authority, for two reasons. One is,
own, they are accustomed to sit down when
)rial, their work is done, and find entertain
hich ment in some way without going out
lioe, side for it. Another is, that they do
and not spend all of their loose change at
ther the grog-shop and the corner grocery.
It-is this constant drain on the man's
resources that keeps him continually
short. He has very little idea, if he
has ever stopped to consider the mat
ter, how much of his substance goes in
drinks, in a box of cigars here and a
little sport there. Women, for evident
reasons, do not indulge in this kind of
thing, therefore all that they collect
can be used to further the Interests in
-TBY hand. It may be said, besides, that
women are more attentive to their
business, and, naturally, very much
hole more careful of young animals and
Ln a plants and the little things that need
car- coaxing and coddling. One of the
mp. trials of the woman who prefers out-of
Loth door life is the difficulty she finds in
vith getting proper help indoors in order
i in that she may not wear herself out in
ace trying to do both kinds of work. After
and the farm and the stock have been
the cared for, she is in no condition to
11a come in and cook meals and wash
Igs. dishes and should never undertake
ing such tasks.
t of In California it is almenst the rule
oot that the women who take up out-of
ing door work make money at it. There is
oor n, reason why they should not do the
rm, same everywhere. Wherever there is
yov- land and a market, women can get a
lest good living from the soil, and can so
fli- arrange their affairs as to have an
sch abundance of leisure for study and
Its; self-improvement, as well as whatever
the amusements their environments will
the permit. Quite a number of women
:es. haven found their health entirely re
aen stored by taking up open-air ocoupa
Sis tions. One in California has set out
or, several thousand trees, and her fruit
.nd and garden products furnish her with
As a good income.
ces In floriculture women have been
to eminently successful, and quite a num
nd ber of them are pursuing this business
ec. with profit to themselves and the
out greatest satisfaction to their oustom
he era. b
Horticulture, in all -of its branches,
is suited to women, and there are not a
few veterans in this line who predict
that, within the next ten years, half of
this business will be in feminine hands.
-N. Y. Ledger. f
CHEAP ICE HOUSE. u
Probably the Mlost Economical Bunldmn b
That Can Be Put Up.
R The cut shown below is the cheapest
building that can be constructed for ec
e- storing ice. It may be built as long or rn
he short as desired, varying with the g
ry amount of ice to be stored. It is not ci
et made for beauty but for service. Ever, ni
k, greens should be planted on each side, re
ill as they help to keep the house more g
t cool in hot weather. For its construe- tt
tion, boards 16 feet long are used, ax
longer or shorter according to the ca- in
[g pacity desired. The girths may be of w
d, v1fAr of
le
e- th
Shingles at
on the outside may be covered withc
isi
oards or battened. Such a house will
be in serviceable use at least 20 yearsi
The ground should be dug out a B oot w
deep. Two doors may be made, o tic
o ICE PREBERVATION MADE EAY. up
Sabovex3 or 2x santling andch 5 feet. Apart
SShingles are not required. The cracksllin i
d on the outside may be covered with cos
the boardsorbattened. Suchtop will ehouse willbe ore
be in serviceable use at least 20 years. is
ohe ground should be dug out a foot wi
deep. Two doors may be made, one wi.
above the other and teache top. feet. At ti
A the boards are cut sufficiently to al- tht
a low putting in sawdust. The filling in nol
y the spaces dimen is also madewith saw- res
dust. The lling s lessat the top than I e'
s the bottom, as the top will be used be- bei
fore hotweathr OLIN etsin. BeingCbuilt E.
in this shape there will be no pressure e.
on the sides should the ice melt more tar
inat the bottom than the top. An ice I
house of the dimensions here described for
it kill contain about a5 tons.asohn L age
and floort, it destroyem and Homevery insect it
touched, evaporated quickly and left
In aeverything clean. Whriment made by the Pl
plied to the heads of fowls in order to compare gaso- p
destroying lice, bothe largon the roosts and onlice the queffecta
momens, the gasoline proved much better has
createshan the kerosensation of intWhen kerosene mor
ablowing to rawlpid evaporation, and before tir
dyingthat reasonbut if the gasoline touched one ed
it klled it to the body. Caution shouline den
obwas saturaterved ovein the use of gasolineosts, howalls sof
andever, aoors it destroyed ever highly jinsinflammable wheit go
t ouched, evaporated quickly and left Tho
pkind shto the heads of fowls in order to the
destroy the large gray lice theefect and
PAsc to render them giddy blaor a feer
SiW$Q Wftk6 ~r6L $9~t WU~o 4lik
THE REPUBLICAN CONSPIRACY.
0 Plotting to Undo the IVork of the Dlemo
cratl CongreLss.
e in The republicans in both houses of
are congress are putting partyism before
who patriotism as usual in these latter
slh- days.
sue- When the president sent in his special
ten. message last Monday the sound-money
,uch republicans seemed disposed to join the
this sound-money democrats in affording
is, relief to the treasury in the manner
hen proposed. They seemed disposed to
sin- admit the truth of the president's
rut- statement that the treasury was in its
rdo present predicament not because of
sat the insufficiency of the revenues, but
fry. because the laws relating to the cur
n's rency were unwise and inadequate to
ally the protection of the gold reserve.
he Now all is changed. Although less
at than a week has elapsed, and although
s in the business public has rallied to the
da support of the president with remark
ent able promptness and unanimity, we
I of are told that "the party leaders in
Leet both house and senate are firmly con
in vinced of the fact that the only difli
hat culty at present lies in a lack of rev-.
eir enue."
soh And it is more than hinted that these
tad leaders have come to an understanding
red not only that they will do whatever
the may be necessary to defeat the pro
of- posed legislation by this congress, but
in that in the next congress they will first
lr pass a bill increasing tbh tariff rates
in and refuse to do anything to improve
ter the currency system unless the presi
en dent signs that bill.
to In short, the plan is to force the
.sh president to accept a McKinley tariff
he or bankrupt the government and al
low the country to lapse to the silver
bases.
Of course, this diabolical programme
is has not been openly announced, nor
he will it be. But that it has been agreed
is upon is a fair inference from Senator
a Alliscn's recent remarks in the senate.
After referring to the fact that the
an treasury had been running behind for
ad some time he said: "The first duty of
e ongress is to raise revenues as well as
l to appropriate for necessary expenses.
The tariff bill has largely increased
the free list, and brought in foreign
articles with lowered duties. There is,
ua therefore, ample means of increasing
dtour revenue by a small increase of
th tarifP rates. This should be done in
stead of drawing from the treasury C
reserve to pay current expenses. If a 1
n* surplus had been maintained the gold
reserve would not have been trenched c
se on to meet the treasury notes." c
ie Mr. Allison calmly ignores the fact li
that the treasury began to run behind d
before the end of the Harrison admin- b
istration, and Mr. Foster, Harrison's u
secretary of the treasury, had made s'
i every preparation to issue bonds under h'
the resumption. He seeks to place '
upon the democratic party the blame a
for the deficit and the run on the tress- tl
ury for gold, both of which were due al
to republican legislation, and began D
C before the close of the last republican
administration. But let that pass.
it The first thing to be done, Mr. Alli- S
son tells us, is to increase the tariff
r rates. rut he cannot expect this con
0 gress to revise the tariff upward, espe- at
cially as it will expire a month from tr
now. Ho cannot mean to postpone
remedial legislation until the new con
gress meets next December, for it will al
then be too late for such legislation, of
and there will be no excuse for increas- I
ing the tariff, because the present law tel
f will be producing revenue far in excess mi
of the expenditure. ne
It is as plain as possible, therefore, co
that the republican programme hinted s8'
at by Mr. Alld is to force an extra ses- sh.
sion by preventing the passage of any s
measure of relief this session. Then Br
the first thing, as he expressly states, 1ly
will be to revise the tariff. That, judg- tin
zng from the past, will take at least
six months. In the meantime nothing no'
whatever will be done for the protec- ooi
tion of the treasury. Probably noth- wh
ing will be done afterward, for Mr. Al- p
lison voices the republican opinion that Gr
if the income exceeded the outgo the Ha
gold reserve would not be trenched are
upon to meet the treasury notes. sio:
And so the diabolical republican tra
scheme to force McKinleyism upon the mo
country again or destroy the public uni
credit by sinking us to the silver basis tar
is completely exposed. But the scheme con
will not work. The administration WgE
will protect the treasury and the na
tional honor by issuing bonds under ha,
the resumption act. The president wil ten
not call the new congress together to the
resume the agitation of the tariff. The the
new congress will not meet till Decem- hot
ber, and by that time there will be a disa
surplus instead of a deficit, and there ten
will be no excuse for reopening the vel.
tariff question. wh
The conspiracy of the republicans to tor;
force McKinleyism upon the country he
again or destroy the public credit and Am
disgrace the nation will not be permit- the
ted to succeed.-Chicago Herald. uL
CURRENCY LEGISLATION fu
Eepabllceans Responsible for the Exsltlneg Rnd
conditions. the
The most interesting fact in national as
polities is the obvious improvement in ven
the republican attitude on the currency pos
question. Heretofore the disposition wil
has been on the part of the prominent mo:
men in that party to act simply as ob- a si
structionists, to treat the grave situa- gre
tion by which the country is confront- whi
ed as a matter of interest only to the pub
democracy, and to prevent the latter- nati
so far, at least, as mere inaction would maJ
go-from any solution of the problem. whi
The effort has been, in a word, to em- its
barrass the democracy with a view to tinu
the manufacture of partisan capital; vidi
and there have not been wanting lead- -H
ers and organs to openly proclaim that
this is good politics for republicans.
Now, however, there seems to be a dis- rec
position on the part of the better class n
of republican leaders to recognize theno
fact that they have a responsibility to ma
the people as well as to the party, and oi
to lend their aid in the direction of giv- la
ing the country the financial legisla- del
tion it so much needs.
It hardly needs to be said that re- arc
publicans in congress are under oblifga- of t
tfion to pursue tlV a course, not only as mo
statesmen and public servants, butas vil
partisane. The pretefs .that th f eou be e
4Wihg wbShi 49#P 4.* a a changq 5 e oLu
VC. democratic creation is of the RinMimlJ,
,m- Very a~igely, it is the direct resnlt
improvident and injudicious leglksla"
of tion for which the republican party 1*'
fore directly responsible. In a measure, i}
.ter is due to .the Sherman silver act, thl.
effects of which are still felt, thought
:ial the act itself has been repealed. It is
mey due still more largely, perhaps, to the'
the failure to pass long since an act provid
ing ing for the issue of bonds on short timei
ner at a low rate of interest--a failures
which has compelled the government+
nt's in the replenishment of the gold re
its oerve to utilize an act providing for
of bonds at too high a rate of interest an4d
but to borrow therefore at great disadla
ur- tage. But still more it is due to. t
eto policy inaugurated long since by titp
republican party of reissuing the gr
ess backs and keep the government, to tiiat
ugh extent, in the banking business. This
the is really the source and origin of all the
rk- financial woes from which the governa:
w meont is suffering to-day; for if the gev
in ernment wele not compelled to main- .
on- tain a reserve for the redemption of
li. these greenbacks-which, as a matter
rev- of fact, are only redeemed to be at o-nce
reissued and again made an outstand-
ese ing obligation-the large exportation
ing of gold and the depletion of the tress
ver ury stock of that metal would be os
a comparatively little importance
t But if the republicans are re l 
rt earnest in their professions of
hte ness to act, with reference to the. a
ove tion of the financial problem, and o: _
esi- for the mere making of partisan eap.
ital, it is needless to disicuss the gqa
the tion of responsibility. The bill iatroe
if duced by Senator. Sherman indio4eae
al- that he is at least in earnest; and thei
ver favor shown it by members 'of
party entitle them to a similar e"
me sumption. It does not go quite
n enough in that it Sails to provg°
ed the retirement of the greenbcalea .Bi
or it is excellent as far as it does go; and
e. It ought not to be a dienfficult mattr t
he amend it in the particular named, or to.
or supplement it with another act. es-.
of pressly designed for the purpose of
as tiring the greenbacks. The prouvirda
es. for a short-time bond at a low rate q,
ed interest is in harmony with the reco -
gs mendation of .the president; sand t
s, for the issue of notes by the nstiomii.
nbanks up to the par val e of their bond
of deposits accords with the views ci mos
n- financiers who have been heard W
on the subject. This bill, or something
like it, should be taken up at once andi
Id made a law, as it easily can be, before
ed congress adjourns. The senator or
congressman who opposes it in the be
t lief that he can thereby deprive the
d democratic party of anyreredit, or e
a- barrass the administration, is not on;
' unpatriotic, bt e ~s eedingly sO
e sighted. The people are not likely toi
r hold in very high estedm -the psrtis*au
e tho take such a view of their dutiew.
as public servants; and the dkp-red*
they bring on themselves as iidivid: ,
1 als their party -will aarely sufer for.-
n Detroit Free Press.
LU FALSE AND DISHONEST.
Ri- .f.glcesZ MItrepruesentattems s- r3. -,
F Cleveland'es Hawansnat*eIe
There ought to be no misappreh"ea -
sion as to the si"'ifcance of the 'a
triotio" outcries emanating from meo
L hers of the senate and house of repre
sentatives over what they call the roy-.
Salist revolt In HawaiiL They are in d'
of an "aggressive foreign policy,"
which does tot stop with the Sandwich
islands, but demprehends in its loode
mindedness tae absorption of every
neighboring gtlnd adjoining island oar
country which now lies under what §
seems to the "patriotic" the baleful . -
shadow of a foreign fag. These ab
sorptionists are great admirers of Great
SBritain's enterprise in acquiring out
lying lands and peoples. They; some
times speak of the national trait as
"greed," but it is clear that they wil.
never be truly proud of their own
country until its maw for territory
which is now the property of other
people is quite as voracious as that of
Great Britain. The assaults upon the
Hawaiian policy of the administration
are ins red by this desire for exten
sion, the gratificaion of which would
transform the nation which is now the
most potent influence in the world for
universal peace into a frowning mili
tary power, inviting war both by being
constantly prepared for it and by its
aggressions.
The plain truth is that Mr. Cleveland
has no Hawaiian policy, and the at
tempts to make the country believe
that he is plotting for a restoration of
the monarchy are not honest. Like all
honorable men whose minds are not
disturbed by dreams of territorial ex
tension, and whose patriotism has de
veloped beyond the primitive stage
when it can be gratified by a satisfac
tory count of the nation's armed men.
he believes that the part played by
Americans in office in the overthrow of
the Hawaiian monarchy was disgrace
fuL He has therefore stated that the
influence of this country was wrong
fully exerted against a weak power,
and that the wrong which was done by
the agents of the government should,
as far as possible, be repaired. We
venture to say that Mr. Cleveland's
position in this unfortunate episode
will, in time, be regarded as one of the
most courageous and honorable acts of
a singularly courageous man. If con
gress had risen to the high plane to
which the president invited it, the re
public would have taught the older
nations of the world that a governme'i
may possess the high moral q
which leads it to recognize and.fi " ,
its own wrong-a quality which -
tinguishes the highest types of ind
vidual men from those beneath then.
-Harper's Weekly.
-The hungriest spoilamen that thae
recent tidal wave washed into c4e .
seem to be that gang of republilts-."'
now running the Indiana leglalaee
They are not only preparing to . '
mander against all future.demepum 
offeeholders, but they have pmsm -
law to deprive the demooratin
dent of the senate f h iof poweat
are conspiring to usurp the
of the demoetaratic gover"dr
more direct plan wield be
sendmerub to thue eonst it
Sthl honaeb t aii ",
e b .ii. i