. W. Sc^amrow.
- T : TICKET.
A Demsorati w ts pd
- :,G .. S R N N.
Judge:
.» LIAN MOUTON.
Ditrict Attorney:
MINOS' T. GORDY.
Repr sentative,
-- J . i"+-ROUSSARD.
- 'lerk of Court:
SG. VOORHIES.
Sheriff: a
I. A. BROUSSARD. h
" Coroner: b
A. A R. TRAHAN. n
? PiFIC R$i-.Third \Vd. t
at
Justices-of the Peace:
T A. MCFADDIN,
J C. .MARTIN.
Constables:
L. HIRSCH, dt
S THOMAS MOUTON. re
Hllogg says the future of the fin
S bican party in this State is to
ht. Then, the future of Lotis- -
ris dark indeed. th
Some one suggested the name of thi
'ings of Liberty" for our bolters. co
A more appropriate name would be cy
Kingfishers"-they fly high and tio:
dive low. no]
' When the minister was invoking 14
blessngs of the Almighty upon de
te- convention at Shreveport a
lce only at the city delegates
s ed how much they are accus
o .to prayer. As a matter of
le.j tice it should be noted
that the reverent meditation of par
.of the country delegates does
it to the rural districts. est
in L
nder-if all the white voters adm
ailed to put hp an appearance
the "poles" last Saturday are fol- the
rsiof "paddioism," as asserted pudi
e Gazette some two weeks ago. bolti
atu s to a little more of this lows
joke, young Mr. Editor.- on 1
ed in Advertiser.
The Gazette has made no such he
rton. "L The Gazette has said th
hard tings and it is ready to deto
at ithes~ because they are true, o
{ has hveri sserted that those on
d :b on the 14th wt npow
ers dfaddioism. nate
and v
here'%is a "rump" faction in the In
emocracy of Lafayette parish, and Popu
e manner in which our excellent
ontemporary,. The Lafayette Ga- Da
tte; is pouring hot shot into the
lters' camp is a caution. Bro. Orlea
uton is a Democrat to the core move
-d will always frown -down on any inclus
ttempt made to endanger or de- 858,1
y the party.-St. Bernard Voice. sacks
SIo: Roy, what The Gazette has barrel
bout the bolters is nothing Recei
o5ed to the way they were sat ment
w apon by the Democrats of theagr
lab and by the State Convention tol
sport. respon
- isnst be poor consolation for ter gr
Iters in this parish, but it is at for
heless a fact, that no genuine Lower
rat or Democratic journal red rc
er failec -endorse the white wideni
y method oi mnking nomina- fractio
a.m th'e safest and fairest ever
ed. The old Opelousas Mr.
which has been fighting portun
- acy since the year 1852, himsell
. iasue of the 2xst instant: cred tI
-ry-the people's wishes out to
Stained in the fairest and ceives
manner,1 and the plan for the
chances than offered by the cas
for a split, and there_
jVtexts for a bolt. The whom
-has worked most satis- matters
r_ for-hrough its in- is fillet
Sbeen completely enemies
r c uontests between
ts and all ill-teeling name as
, ed. Electoral at the
jilaced upon a having a
utal deg ading r deknc
t h. --, mpos
Irb~~ t o Demcrati jounal-;, ri
. .eanred c.. at
. theiands the.natar
i . s= nttonli+.c t timkrbi oSrti
last.rwek. For the good name, of
7rparish we ,had hoýpe ;h eat: -
'bolteds. woald not havecarried ti
S:contest to Shreveport. We daitre I
e s at so frivolous a o ntest hta
nea been brought eftoi~r. any : don
vedtioni Never in -th entful
', A history. of Anrerican .politics has
ed teo ad- such -a farce been enactgd;: With- i
o ont a.L particle of ground to basei
w t psitheir ase on, withouthbe shadow i
-ArrON. of right and justice on their side,
__ naided by precedent .or party us
:KET. age, the bolters went to the State
convention and applied for admis- b
:5Ra sion, They must certainly have
judged the convention tuo be the
most verdant body that ever con- t
vened; but, as. usual, they reckoned be
* without their host. The only man, s
Charles J. Boatner, from whom our d
bewilderedc friends might have ex- is
pected some encouragement, was a as
leading member of the committee ci
on credentials, but the brainy con- inj
gressman is too good a Demoerat thi
and too intelligent a man to give the
his support to such an inexcusable tr
bolt. Every one of the fifteen com- me
mitteemen signed the report to seat
the regular delegation, thereby th
stamping the seal of their disapi
proval upon the action of the Lafa- pro
yette bolters in a manner which
should teach them a good'lesson. free
Now, that they have been con
demned by the voters at home and wha
repudiated by the assembled De- wa
mocracy of the State, where do they high
of the find themselves ? Will they submit will
;tate is to the judgment of the party to thin"
Lo~is- which they claim allegiance, or will furn
they have the audacity to tell us
ane of that their self-appointed executive
jolters. committee represents the Democra- L
uld be cy of this parish ? Will they ques- Sen,
i and tion. the genuineness of the ticket the
nominated by the primaries of the self
oking th ? Will they run an indepen- *"
dent ticket against. the regular De- the
mrt a mocracy ? port
There can be but one Democratic fe
accus- ticket and that ticket appears at the the
masthead of this paper. It has amez
noted been nominated by the Democratic 1895
on of party. if n
does The State Convention is the high- id
est tribunal of the Democratic party exect
in Louisiana, and that body having rease
voters admitted the delegates elected by At
raneo the primaries of the 14th and re- dict
erted pudiated those appointed by the the
ago. bolting faction on the I1th, it fol- resoli
this lows that the candidates nominated ly rec
or.- on the 14th are the regular nomi- to co
nees of the Democratic party. If propc
such the executive committee had au- that
said thority to hold primaries to elect vice v
y to delegatce, as recognized by the State ling
true, Convention, it certainly had the purga
power to hold primaries to nomi- is ust
nate candidates for district, parish Rouge
and ward officers. To
Sthe In the language of the Georgia messaj
and Populist, "Where are they at ?" i two
Ga- Dan Talmage's Sons & Co., New declar
tro Orleans, telegraph Louisiana crop dulge
:ore movement to date: Receipts rough, any fo
any inclusive of amount carried over, on th
de- 858,150 sacks; last year, 554,520 Ameri
ice. sacks. Sales cleaned (east) 143,275
has barrels; last year, 11o. 745 barrels. any ca
ing Receipts rough enlarged. M ove-dnt
sat ment in cleaned continues liberal; on whi
the aggregate past four weeks one-third ernme
on total of present year and double cor- fo tl
responding period last year. Bet- courte
for ter grades in light supply and held in whi
tis at former high range of values. matters
ine Lower styles (including creole or does uc
nal red rice) more abundant but under ing bu
ite widening demand firm at furthei shoulde
ia- fractional advances. knock i
rer clearly
sas Mr. Ingersoll has found new op- positior
ng portunities for the exploitation of be mai
,himself in the role of jester with sa- Per's W
it: cred things. He is busy pointing The I
es out to the Endeavorers what he con- seems te
ad ceives to be brilliant opportunities Harrisoi
in for the employmenit of their zeal in presiden
Y the cases of numerous persons with Platt, th
e whom he differs in politics or in position
s matters of faith and belief. The the State
r- secular press has taken the cue, and deuce h
e- is filled with ironical suggestions it, and ti
- aimed at the political or personal risn on
ly enemies of the editors designhted by
Sname as it subjects for intervention virtual ai
II at the Throne of Grace. We are s ar
a havinrg a carnival exhibition of ir- It was pr
g r efence, hatred, bitterness, malice, dent Hal
all uncharitableness. While it tionable
i~s impossible to deny that there is was not
Smuch in all this of amusement and less hisd
ientertainment, it is equally impossi- it is like
I ble to deny that it is filled with pos- Harrison
fibilities of evil and that the result of anothe
of -the ,epdeavo" has been decaded, dency. -
y harual to athe cause it sought to President
Jlhmt .----t. JLouis Reiiublic. candidate.
l• c t a t ee t -
. shatd he ho P. t or
eirr side their al t6 to be Darrell, On-ik a
We Adare eTe;dm. . 0.
ty us- o omntee anothr church, ap-f
the State poted t ap them, assocind them at
ort admis- se eneed a `hand ette: futiee
lit cshave in_ d, t raet . roH forty to ad
i- t base- n _ ent o e week, were .on
heirbe thide ae eviduchce showed that no beone was dis
taro, con- for the den m inatio . l
party us- eckonedA committee fromm another church, ap
iy man, ra a st epr i at, and they havel
d it was alled to that the and in default of
ity have fine beiprisonment ranging were arom forty to t
axtyeds ine untheir ordiary c
Sb the The econvincection waswed brought one wa dis
c trised, exhcept in theprecutligion beeing a
and-the place where the, weok ws s done, t
reckoned being a milhefrom a ny o ther house of wor
seetiop. +The Lord's s day Act of Ontario b
th ourinto the Omentarion tatutes of the prlaws ofessions in
hahave e laaovisions,.tno r farmers, nor gardner; ao
Ss Ontario hasn -mechanics artificers, etc.,
, was anksit was allegofd that those whoare not ministerse- F
ommittee sides being preachers, were carpentcs, that
aon freedom of conscine-of their ordinary call
en con igs, andhe tm e conviction wasl brought orn
)ensoerat that ground. A
Se hwase mot bitter feeling was manifested on y.
hepcases hf the pros beeion appealed tough the
usabe trials, court at Toronto, and their decision a
the individual, being awaited with great interealmost verbatim
r disco- ings arle the Second, and is in direct Si
to Lafa- proclamuation relat ive to religious fhreedom
which Thb Ontario has again placed herself in the
ranks of those who are not respectfuwillng to givye
eeson . freedom of conscien.ceI to. her citizens. ch
en con- The men onday, in thed were regularly author- ty
r ques- Senate, Senator Caffery introducedtry
Sthized ministers of the denomination, andwhich is
m e and whatever wxplanatork they did upon the church ci
led De- was given freely as a matter of charity. Ti:
Thecasesolved, Thall been appealed to the President ofth
submit will he aUnwaited wiStates be requested to re
port to thave Senatede whaourt opposition to such
oct been taken in regard to the payment ct
of the appropriation contained in ans
arty to thingse sundry civil bill, the section and gladly
Lt has amendment ro7, apslroved March ,t
if no p ayment has been made of
Shilh said appropriation, and it the law S.~
tell US Moat respectfully, re
granting said bounty has not been
:arty executed, to give the Senated tates He
Sques- S enate, Senator Caffery introduced tri
ticket At this writfollowing resolution, which isto pre
depe "Rwithesolve any degree of hertesident an
ar e the probUnited States be requested thio re- rest
resolution, but as the Senate what action has rail
atcly requires about two years whichpayment rec
of the approposition, it is quite safe to say
I au- hat Senator Caffery's term of ser
ling emerges from the senatorial giv
at the the sundry ivil billch such, setion z, Any
it has amendment consig7, ap.roved Marh , trip
acratic 1895, for the bounty on sugar, and neai
if no payment has been made of drgen
said appropriation, and it the law S.-F
high- granting said bounty has not been -Ne
party executed, to give the Senate the
laving freasons therefor." G
ed by At this writing it is dif hand, cult to pre- Sant
nd re- diet with any degree of certainty ing
dany case of difference. The Presi- ren
y the the probable eventual fateions of this have
it fol- resolution, but as the Senate usual- medi
ated fly requires about two years n which r Cha
noui- to consider and discuss the simplest Pton'
Sin wh proposition, it is quite safe tcuss sayuch e
m au- matters with other Caffery's term of ser- the
elect vice will have expired ere his bant- mark
Stdoate ling emerges from the a swnatorial given
I the purgatory to which such legislation appe,
lomi- is usually consigned.est Baa chip on It is
arish Rouge Sugar Planter. wing c
To the jioff, bngoes the President's nothi
orgia message has been a disappointment drugs
in two ways. It has not advised a «lVh
declaration of towar, nor has it in- Grippe
New wr ocure yc
crop dulged in offensive language, against ringing
h, positioany fore gn w Neither has itter will
ver, n the other hand, loered thePrice
American flag" or counseled a "base(Ind.) d
surrender of American rights" in A.
rels. ay case of diffre his electionnce. The Presi- Cal.,
presidenc, promised Thomas C.ters leg
:rPlatt, that he should haveo the godis- n,
ird emposition of the national officStates inffer two
from those State of others, in that calm, e usi
Bet- curteou has beeand self-respecting tone oith's
it, and ithe silence of Presidntlement Har-e tiesw
rson on the strubject is veryabout likely a swagger- pses
hevirtual admission that it isng the world to ue i
kwas an unworthyff, but he gives the world ae
It wclearly enough to understand that ePresi
S tiona ble things for his party, but itll
hof be would maintained withese for himself. Un-Har
lessg The New York Times explained aways: 'It in rear
itn- seems to blikely to rvle .outhat PrBenjamin deleA
.i Harrison as a man with rospects a s
in position of the nmational tothe priesi-n ry, Ca
'he the State of New Yhnork. New  ei some fita
d dence has allowbeen presented to a irmfe r e;
cad stigma upon the .x--resident's fame. -
t *in- '. ` ,oe is.. pripclpalf h
r a bi # a 'm u c h ·esp er e
isoeatlon that w raise fro'm neus wo ul
dr-is. young .nen- ho wish .to acqui'r_
dmet thoroi:gh.bsiness education will do
, were on
in slacking well.to rite to the secretary for a
)arre, On-' -atalogue
chii41 l.e .as well and :favors
ihurch, ap-s :lHenri Bier, the _ew -: Orleans
d thes at broqker wlo was convicted of perjury
de hault*" in New.Orleans, has again been re
m- forty to turned home on account. of ill
e was dis- health. Hundreds of men in this
ais elings, State are serving their time in pris- do
* of ons and -in the penitentiary regard,
ligonsp less of their physical condition;
e but, they have not-as much money
defardner NewOrleans has again been re-r.
istere sbe- Frota theservugar Cane in ptat to
rligioysper- less of-- 'their physical condition;
roght on A ride of Three nothousand Five
ses on Hundred Miles (3,500) made in
rough the five days in a Pullman Tourist
on being a Sleeper through the great States of tic
enced the Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico,
justice. Arizona and California, to Portland, ab
verbatim Oregon, with only one change of lar
at laws of cars. This is what -the Traveler,
in direct Sight-seer or Homeseeker can do. kin
Victoria's Sights of mountain grandeur, supe- i
f e rior in vastness to any in the knowh
g to give world, open upon the vision, ]
us. changing with kaleidoscopic rapidi
ly author- ty from the last beautiful bit of
se church scenery to new ones even more so. adi
rity. The Southern Pacific Railroad is
ed to the the artery over which the finest trains goc
decision tun over the best track of steel rails
to such in the South, reaching from Gulf to
ad gladly Ocean. Her equipment is modern, strc
Ell liber- her road-bed magnificently ballas
red, and her motive power is un- as t
Tr Ass'. equalled south of the Ohio river. E
All these qualifications are facts.
I States Her employes alway courteous. A S
oduced trip from "The Land of Sugar Cane,
hich is Rice Fields and cotton" to the Pa- rent
cific Coast is an education in itself
never to be regretted. Write for A
dent of any information to the nearest rep- II!
d to re- resentative of this great system of NE'l
on has railroads and steamship lines, and CHA
Lyment receive in return your question
ned in answered, reliable and to the point.
on z, Any of our readers contemplating a
trch a, trip will do well to inquire of the
r, and nearest Southern Pacific System's
ade of tgents before buying elsewhere. I
se law S.-F. B. Morse, G. P. & T. A.,
been New Orleans, I.a.
:e the Dmu
Geo. W. Jenkins, editor of the Dru
o pre- Santa Maria Times, Cal., in speak- Toilet
tainty ing of the various ailments of chil- tioner
dren, said: "When my children Preser
f this have croup there is only one patent hours
usual- medicine that I ever use, and that is be fou
which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It '
nplest possesses some medical properties
that relieve the little sufferers im
mediately. It is, ii my oyinion,
f ser- the best cough medicine in the
bant- market." If- this remedy is freely
torial given as soon as the croupy cough
lation appears it will prevent the attack.
3aton It is also an ideal remedy for whoop
ing cough. There is no danger in
giving it to children, as it contains MacI
lent's nothing injurious. For sale by all
druggists.
ment Cypt
ed a Why suffer with Coughs, Cold and La- Al
t in- Grippe when Laxative Bromo Quinine will
cure you in one day. Does not produce the LAFAT
ainst ringing is the head like Sulphate of Quinine. Off
is Put up i.l tablets conveni-nt for taking.
Sit Guaranteed to cure or money refunded. n45
I the Price 29 cents. For sale by Wm. Clegg
base and Moss Bros. & Co., Lafayette, La.
" in A. E. Kilpatrick, of Fillmore, K[L
resi- Cal., had tl.e misfortune to have his
tters leg caught between a cart and a
stone and badly bruised. Ordinar
gov- ily he would have been laid up for CuE
lifer two or three weeks, but says: "Aft
aim, er using one bottle of Chamber- Cure
tone lain's Pain Balm I began to feel bet
ter, and in three days was entirely
Swell. The peculiar soothing quali- Cure
e ties which Chamberlain's Pain Balm For
ger- p'ssesses I have never noticed in
his any other liniment. I take pleas
Sto ure in recommending it." This lin
rld ment is also of great value for Chambe
rheumatism and lame back. For Is
that sale by all druggists. Rheum, I
will Chroandi
[ar- For Sale. Frsale
THE "LONG" PLANTATION
on Bayou Vermilion, abo't 6 miles Forp
"It in rear of Lafayette, La., now un- dition tr
nin derlease to Ad. Von Kalckstein They ton
Stains about zooo acres superior neide t
Sarable land, fine residence and new ents per
Lis- barn, -also gin house with machin
in ery, cabins, outhouses, etc., and
vi- some fine wood land; well adapted Seven
to the culture of sugar, cotton or with twc
m rice; possession January xst, 1896. ply to
ar- For further particulars alpp!y to La.
a Judge C. DeBaillon, Lafayette, La..
It or to Messrs. W. I. Hodgson & Son, j
a New Orleans, La. C.
SThe Old Bark.
•'- Wild Cherry, commanded by Capt.
SDAVIx, is cruising among the dangerous Makes a
Sshoals of Consumption, ready to save any akes a
at who will get aboard. Consumption in its guaranteed
Searly stages can be cured by DAVis' WILD Mr. Jene
l HECaRY AND TAR. If you have a Cough, in allkinds
t Cold, Asthma, Brmonchitis, it the hildea E-t.
s have Croup or Whooping Cough, DtAs' -
SWILD Clatay AZnD TAR will care. 5c .,
e and- s.oo per bottle. - --. ~ i. e
- -mustse ;.es
-tree , .lnow. I am.`
Lnthei=s; p? * e'g"n thra
th Fris- e Pr -at
setrength, and ow.I amleas
.y fora' a noyngbetterhealt'
"than =-I ever' had efore, ii mmy.
in this
in pris- Good &,erW... Prompt Return..
regard,
edition; COLUMBIA ~
money
JRICE Mfl LL,
NEW YORK. L
d Five
ade in The undersigned call the atten
Tourist
tates of tion of planters and faoLors to the
rtland, above mill which is among the
nge of largest and best equipped of its
aveler,
an do. kind in .the United States; solicit
snupse ing for it a share of patronage.
vision, Rice milled only on toll.
rapidi
bit of If desired will make liberal cash
ad advances immediately on receipt of
trains goods.
Srails Shipments should be made in
odern, strong bags and marked" plainly so
ballas
is un- as to be easily identified. Piti
river. Bas returned or accounted for.
s. A Sales guaranteed and accounts
Cane,
e Pa. rendered promptly.
itself
e for DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
rep- 115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
m of NEW ORLEANS.
, and CHARLESTON.
istion
>oint.
ing aD. V. Gardebled
tem's
here. PHARMAO'IST,
A., and dealer in
Drugs, Patent MAedicinces,
F the Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
>eak- Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
chil- tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
dren Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
ttent hours of the day and night. Everything o
at is be found in a first class drugstore.
It .Next to Falk's Opera House.
rties
O, GEO. A. DEBLANC
hely -dealer in
gach WOOD, LIME msea COAL
p- Wholesale and retail.
r in
ains Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
tall Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
wl All Orders Promptly Attended to.
the LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA.
ine. Office and Yard near R. R. Depot.
led n45- r
legg
re, KILL-GERM Manufa,
a CURES ITOH
ar- IN 30 MINUTES.
r Cures Mange on Dogs.
er- Cures Scratchesquicker than
e- any other known remedy.
i Cures all skin diseases.
Im For sale by
in
as- WM. CLEGG.
or Ohainberlan~r 's Eo an Skin Oint]en nt
Is neualled for Eczema, Ttter, Salt
Hands Itching P* es, Burns, Frost Bitei
Chromc Sore Eyes and Granulated Eye Lids.
For sale by druggists at 25 cents per box
ds For putting a horse in a fine healthy eon
2 dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powder
a They tone uLitheu stem, aid digestion, e
- "idne..y drd and destroy wor i
w ents per package. For sale by druggist.
1-I
d For Sale.
d Seven lots of ground in Lafayette
r with two house built on them. Ap
. ply to Henry Church, Lafayette,
o La.
C. Jennaro, .E
SHOE-MAKER, GI
Makes a good, durable shoe. Good fit
,guaranteed.
Mr. Jennaro will also give music leskns
in all kinds of brass instruments and clai
net. Parkersoe block, near depot. The L
snub wehcanesk,, absa
as if I
Do Your Trot: W '- 'ii : s - : ..
It. In
I'"AND BESIDES" '+T " + !
ialth In GOLD, SIL.VEUR =AND'. ALlS . -
In, jL SPECTACLES AND -1Y5GLA8iý
T. M. BIOSSA -
IT IS THE .SQLEMN TR :t.
TIJA T I AM SELLING GOODS TXIFS ' Y :"
tur AT YIEO JIEST PRICES EVER F A 4f
stra OF IN LiAFAYETTR!7----..
MY TOCac O D 0_Iw "
"- 6ENTS' FURNISHfINtGS :.
,- Is Unsurpassed Anywhere, and my StocI· ot:
Is Truly the Larnest and Most "Complete
atten- Ever Brought to Lafayette . . -
to the M.-rN. .
g the I mean every wbrd of this advertisement and -am ready to prove' hat
I say. Call and see for'yourself. L O . - .
LEoNm PLOT v.:
olicit
A. Ohebffr,
cash -DEALER IN
pt of
e in
ly so Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooring, Doors, Blinsd, Bricks, Firebricks,
Pittsburg Coal and Charcoal. Send for estimates.
for. Carencro, La.
bunts
HOLD UP!
WK.E"'ine argfans.
ed All the Latest Styles in
ZDr*y [oods,
esot .in
Furnishing G-ods.,
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
aL. LEVY & SON.a
. Furniture and Stoves.
G. LACOTE,
--DEALER IN-
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and -WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Culti ntors, Disc Harrow Letver
Harow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets. LAPAYETTE. LA.
DRUGS
SFINE GROCERIES,
Fine Table and Hardware
CLEGG'S SOUTHWES r CORNER...
COURT*HOUSE SQUARE.
-.DO YOU KNOW THAT\
Has the Best Assorted store in Town ?
A Visit There Will Convince You of this Fact.
GENTS'tCLOTIRNG
Has been selected with a perfect knowledge
Of the people's wants and tastes!
/S:÷ $IM~': £LeAIVT
nz~ ryJg