-.THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLU..E I LAFAYETTE LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1894. NUMBER 28.
"X'nm mmn m | m m | nu m nmlnmumm mm |m un nnmmuu mu mn n n n m umu m . . ... . . " , ..  ,'  -r ,,   , : , ...- . .. ... w . -- .. 7, ; .:.: :
MOUTON BROS.
-DEALERS IN
General
Merch and ise,
Loweat Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
lincoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
G;old medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. lRepairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARML CON VIT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Thn system of education includeos the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Evory
attention will hon given to the health
and comfort of those ,laccdu under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAF.AYETTE
Blacksmith,
17HEELWRIUHT anl SUPPLY SHOP.
Noer TDsnik Suitlding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
i.,ne. Al! work promptly attended to.
Satisfackton guarantoeed.
iI. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street, .
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTAIRY PUBLIC,
Larayete, LE.
I. W. EILLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
A tt-or'lle- .** nt I .rvv,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AERY Stable.
Lincoln Avonue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at raaonabule nrices
Careful drlvers furnished when rcrquired
LAFAYETTE,'I'i LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Iafayette. St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New O:loan;.
Lb.AFA Y. . "1E, ILA.
RAILlROAD) BAltBLI Sl1OP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIHE "OLD llIELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRiFF, Proprietor.
.ax- r -33SUM', --.'X13,
-AN D
Sale Stable
E. COISTANTII, Propristor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHiART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
rand in Lafayetto Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful-treat
mnent of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cur-e ~a
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat.
nment and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chronic diseases in gen
erala Specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
--A ND---
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and prompt attention given to
tthe collection of hiUa. scounts, notes os
irafts. Sale and purd,.ase of lands at
tended to. 1-19
C. H, MOUTON,
A. ..rxe- y at I U.aW,
STOLEN LOVE LETTEiRS
t oastmaastet
at Che1st %tt;
tabrit+ e, of
i course. Every
public servants
i ttu Whiose
hands the gov
ernment's pos
tal affairs are
intrusted are
n ot generall..
beint the pos
)j WhSessoEs of such
\ an i n c d~ ed
nt.ýscwift., but
t~ie worthy offi
cials of the 'above-mentioned point
was an kexceetiirv to the rule.
An e-planation of that statement
may be given by telling ,you that not
only was Silas Gardiner the distiibitor
of the mtails, but a deacon in tha ~iap=
tist ohureh as well, sit, iAlthoUigh that
same consEionet' Was composed of
mItnnv of the ingredients that also are
Constituent parts of India rubber, and
although it ofttimes became so elesti$'
Ns to allow of his readit'g ibostal cards,
letters not ecdUi el y sealed and so
forth, Wee IMay be sure that never was
he guilty of such an offense without
cxpqrlencing many severe twinges of
that trinblesomne monitor.
One Thursday afternoon there came
an unusually strong temptation: the
four o'clock mail cane in, bringing a
letter that sent the blood surging in
crimson waves over l'ostmaster Gard
iuer's face and made his heart beat
against its prison like a trip-halnmer.
It was not a verb- ilhportant-looking
letter; juet a small, square white en
velope addressed in an even business
hand, but it was the name that pro
duced the postmaster's paroxysm of
curiosity. It. wa no remarkable
thing ftor Miss MilMcent Darrell to be
tlhe recipient of letters, but never be
fore had she received one in the free,
dashing hand that graced the enrvel'
ope that lay before him. lie well
knew that. for not a missive for Miss
Darrell had passed through the office
that he had not examined the writing
closely.
Through the long lihots of the even
ing while the neighbor's had congre
gated lh the little room there was a
Conflict. in the postmaster's mind.
Like the Danish prince, he was trying
to solve the question: "To be or not
to be." "To do or not to do." IBy
twenty minutes to nine the little room
was deserted. Securely fastening the
outer door and the one communicat
ing with the sitting-room of his sister's
family, the postmaster removed the
oil lamp from its accustomed place on
the bracket on the wall to his desk in
the corner and once more took up MIil
licent's letter.
lie held it up to the light; lie put it
back in box No. 13; he took it up and
looked at it again, and then carefully
broke the seal and removed the closely
written sheets from their covering.
lie looked at thetm a few minutes as
they lay there exposed to view as if
wondering how he dared to be so bold.
Blit the Rubicon was crossed; there
was no retreating, and he pushed cour
ageously forward and read Miss Milli
cent's letter.
The postmaster's life had always
been very prosaic. There was one
thing in his remembrance that had
ever shed a roseate glow over the
com(monplace. monotonous expanse of
years lie had lived through, nud that
was an unavowed affection for .Milli
cent D)arrell. lie had worshiped her
from afar when they had gone to
school together at the little red brick
house at the foot of the hill. Time had
but served to strengthen this childish
1ji
TO BR OR NOT TO BE.
devotion. Through youth and the
tirst years of his manhood she had
been his star of Bethlehem, as it were,
fully as unapproachable as though
she had in reality occupied a position
in a world far beyond the sphere
wherein he dwelt.
Site may have been aware of the
homage that was hers, but had given
no encouragement to the admircr, who
was too faint-hearted to give expres
sion to his regard by word or sign, but
who hopelessly waited for some one
else to win the prize that he so much
valued. But for reasons best known
to herself alone Miss Darrell preferred
a life of single blessedness to one of
double wretchedness, and passed con
tentedly and comfortably into a state
of oldmaidenhood, and the postmaster
settled down into a chronic, lovelorn
melancholy, from which comatose con
dition he was partially aroused now
and then by the thought that she
might yet change her mind and honor
some unfortunate being with her heart
and hand.
So that was the situation when Miss
Darrell went down to the seashore one
summer to visit bher brother. Silas
Gardiner's .heart W-as filled with mis
givings during her absence, lest what
he had long feared should conme to
pass. It was about 'a week after her
return, in thie autumn, that the carrier
brought the letter, the very appear
ance of which was sufficient toproduce
such agitation in his breast, and a pe
eruql of which eonflr'.el his instinv
tin bbiet bd o ? gSalihbgiiji iil16a4h'ih
ihat Hiehr, ft he fed i apd ei-iedd 0i
Adtfcl§ that were iiitei4e(4 fd r 3lis
14ttiiihilb's '>4ý ee ..his J hdi cifre
lhitT-V iri'. 444 ine breathed fdt
Wh unmistakable devotion, which,
fudging by the frequent allusions ta
future happiness, was not uniefriljUed.
It was,s at. ItiU3ning when he com
lAettlt his deliberations over the letter
and carefully located it in a seldom
used compartment of his desk. The
next day Miss Darrell drove over to
the ofilce with het zilee anitd titiii
suite, whod had e tditliaiaied heie dn hief
fetiitFl itd 3 hfesta statid;l, arid itiuii-ed
At the dit eirintndiedit 'iA, that aii?'
with vlltidei tbiot isdies received the
l~itnltnts t box No. 13. a wave of re
pentance rolled over the postmaster's
soul and the letter secreted in his pri
vate desk appeared before him like an
accusing angel.
Durieg the eret few weeks 4teteti
Catme for Miss anrerll on afi avefage
of dune it das--letters whose tdisi
ttnged thiitoigh the various phases of
human passion, from most tender af
fection to extreme anger at their fail
ure to elicit a reply. and each, its it
arrived, was eadd by Air. (iardner with
it sM3Ft of grim satisfaction and depos
ited with its predecessors.
Miss Millicent's niece was crying. "[
can't understand it," she said to her
elderly relative between sobs. "I've
been here five weeks and not t wo-rd
have I heard from Chartles. What can
it tieaf?~"
"I'in not at all surprisedL it's jutst
as I expected," Miss Millident adi
swered, with a half-triumphant air.
"Didn't I tell you so? Don't you re
member what I said to you the first day
I saw him about deceit and rascality
being depicted upon his countenance?
And I consider myself a ptretty good
judge of human nature. Of course
hles never write to you. He's just been
making a fool of you this summer."
In the recesses of her heart Miss
Darrell may have sympathised with
her niece, but she only expressed eon
SILAS (IABllllNEIB. I WANT MY NIECE'S
LETTERS.
tempt for such a romantic trust in the
sincerity of a wooer who had been
known but one summer, and the dis
cussion ended there.
Charles Williams was puzzled and
angry, decidedly so. To the best of
his knowledge he had written thirty
five letters to Miss Millicent Darrell,
the younger, in as many days, not one
of which she had deemed worthy of an
answer.
"She's just.like the rest of 'em," he
told his best friend when lamenting
the fact.
"So innocent and true she seemed,
too. What a fool I was to believe her.
She's nothing but a confounded flirt.
I'll think no more about her."
Contrary to his declaration of forget
fulness, lie thought more about her
than ever, and the consequence was
that he went down to Chelsea station
the next day to investigate the case.
The explanations which directly fol
lowed his arrival convinced each young
person of the faithfulness of the other,
and Miss Darrell acknowledged her in
ability to interpret one's nature from
the physiognomy.
Bu't there was one question confront.
ing them. and that was: "Where were
those letters?" Thirty-five epistles,
all heavy-laden with deepest feeling,
could hardly have gone astray. The
only possible solution was that some
one must have taken them, but who
could it have been? Miss Darrell left
the lovers discussing the point, and,
putting on her shawl, went quickly
down to the post office. The deacon
was alone.
"Silas Gardiner." she said, cooly, "I
want my niece's letters."
"What do I know of Miss Milly's let
ters'?" he asked, with assumed care
lessness.
"You know everything about them."
she said, looking at him unflinchingly.
"I've been wondering about this
thing for weeks. I understand it all
now. They were Mlilly's love letters,
and you thought they were mine. As
if an old woman like myself would be
guilty of such nonsense! I suppose
you have hidden them or destroyed
them. For shame, Silas Gardiner, to
resort to such trickery to prevent
some other person from having what
you yourself are too big a dunce to ask
for:"
He went to his desk, and taking out
the bundle of letters, gave them to
her, saying:
"Here they are. I pray you not to
expose me. I did it because of my
love for you. I could not bear---"
He said no more. It was not neces
sary. lHe could not have made a nore
eloquent plea. A woman will forgive
many a grave offense if you will but
tell her it was committed through lo-ve
for her.
Thl culprit was pardoned, and it is
with authority that we state that he
never was guilty of a similar trans
gression.
Just after Christmas that year Miss
Darrell received the followfg tele
granm:
" Dear Aunt---I was married yester.
day. MILLY Wr.lrJars."'
Ta which the elder lady replied:
"Dear Milly-No was 1.
"~dILLcEO T ( /AR~iz'EB."
bDiCORATS Not ii PbiWER.
'Vhvy the TaNlf t` a iiii Ia~,is
The democastic fatte is niot in power
at the national bapitil. It eapindt.cofi
trol legislatibn in lboigress. It Is lielp
less to pass an important and vital
measure, which was promised in the
democratic platform of 1892, and which
by an enormous majority the people
dcenmanded at the ballot box.
The plighted faith of the democratic
party statids tilfedediiied. It has tiern
poiveiless to idfliil its pledges: The Wofic
which it Was aipldined to do-whichi
declared liditld bed tidne-lias not been
idoisi. 6ne year and four months ago a
democratic president was sworn into
office, and the term of a national con
gress began with a nominal democrat
ic majority in both the senate and the
house.
There was no sueh majority1-, Eight
O hillse senators eideted as deheocrats
have akted in kilianej e ith the repdb
licans. They haive hot cast a demo
cratic vote on the tariff bill. They have
voted just as McKinley would have
voted had he beenl in tlie Bnate.
It is an error to say that the demo
crats are in power while a faction of
senators classed as such--enough in
number to destroy the democratic ma
jority in the senate-are casting re
publican votes, conspiring with repub
lican leaders to defeat the democratic
tariff bill and are in open insturrection
against the democratic sentiment of
the country.
The president and the house of rep
tesentati-ves are united in ii dctermina=
tion that the demociatic pledges of
1892 shall be kept in good faith with
the people. They have presented a
tariff bill which was the best that
the necessities of the case would au
thorize-not perfect, but a long step
in advance - a measure of practical re
form.
The senate refused to) accept this
measure. Under republican control
by a majority composed of the regular
corrupt republicah forces and a guer=
rioia contingent of bogus democrats
the democratic tariff bill appears des
tined to defeat. If anything shall beo
saved, it will be merely what the
house and the president can extort
fromt i hostile, undemocratic senate.
The coal senators, the iron ore sena
tors, the sugar senators and the col
lars and cuffs senator have repudiated
democracy, repudiated the platform of
1892, repudiated the popular instruc
tions adlopted at the ballot box, and
are determined to force on the coun
try a tariff dictated by trust deed, 1by
the monopoly combine and by and by
the republicans. or they will prevent
the passage of any tariff bill. These
recalcitrants and renegades are inot
democrats. They are republicans,
bearing a false name and carrying
false colors.
These senators misrepresented their
states, the democratic constituncies of
the country and the body,of the peo
ple. They are a bushwhnclking detach
ment of the party of trur.ts, monopoly,
protection and organized fraud. They
have betrayed the country. They have
been false to the duty which they were
instructed to perform.
If these false democrats shall be suc
cessful now in defeating reform tariff
legislation the result will not be
chargeable to the democratic party of
the nation. It will be simply another
republican victory--a victory of the
party of trusts, monopolies, class legis
lation, of corporate Fgeed and extor
tion. reenforced by a group of sordid
and faithless politicians who have vio
lated party allegiance and ferfeited
the name of democrats.
This will be a calamity. lint it will
be no reason for giving up the fight.
It will be a reason for fighting the fu
ture battles of reform with increased
vigor, courage and zeal.
The pejoplo have been betrayed. But
the cause is not lost. The contest will
be continued. The faithless, the cow
ardly, the trimmers and the traitors
will be driven to the rear.
This reverse will be retrieved. Bet
ter men will be clothed with the trust
to which these recreants were untrue,
and it will be discharged in the spirit
of the instructions given by the voters
to their representatives. - Chicago
Herald.
THE CAUSE OF CONTENTION.
What the Republicans and Asslstvnt Re
publicans Are Striv-ing For.
"If the senate bill be not passed. the
McKinley law will remain on the stat
ute book," declared Senator Vest, de
fiantly, speaking not for himself alone,
but for many of his colleagues.
And what are the special provisions
of the senate bill whose acceptance
the senate demands under threat of
McKinleyism as the only alternative?
All the differences between the
house and senate were found easy of
adjustment by the conference commit
tee except as to sugar, coal and iron
ore. The senate is prepared to defeat
all tariff legislation unless it can get a
differential duty on refined sugar.
which will benefit the sugar trust, and
a tax on coal and iron. which certain
senators demand as the price of their
votes for the bill.
The president of the sugar trust is
quoted freely and without contradio
tion as having declared, as long ago as
1888, that sugar can be refined in the
United States at a cheaper labor cost
than in England, France or Germany.
The common republican defense of a
protective duty, adopted by the Gor
man party in the senate, is that it must
be enough to make up the difference
between cheaper foreign labor and
American labor. There is no such dif
ference in this case. The foreigner has
already the best of it. The proposed
tax is not for the purpose of holding
up American wages, but of swelling
the profits of the greatest trust that
flourishes under our laws-a trust that
pays enormous dividends and fears
publicity so much that it is engaged in
desperately resisting the efforts of the
state of Mlassachusetts to force it to
comply with the law and make astate
mient of its financial condition.
Coal is an article whose price not
only plays an important part in esti
mating the cost of living in every
household, but figures largely in the
o-.. of u:anufactuered products. The
peopqlt ars ititled t cheap beaL
Tittatt. tai.i ion it 1, h lbbt'.r t' iii
breasint the Wagjs of Coal omithei' Is !
pieterise that nO inaE cail seriously
urge. There til be a iinarket for every
bushel of coal zlitidedi iith of: without
a protective tax, and at pricet that
will justify reasonable wages to the
miners. The recent coal strike dis
closed the fact that the existing duty
on coal was totally ignored in fixing
wages of miners, whose wages had
been needlessly cut to less than the
tax imtnposed professedly for their bene
fit.
it has been but boast that we can
produce iron cheatlfr than aily couintry
in the world. We do not yet khov
how far we can go in reducing the cost
of it. A Birmingham firm has recently
turned out iron at six dollars and fifty
cents a ton, and throughout the south
pand the northwest there are advan
tages in the location of beds of iron
ore that no other country In the world
possesses.
The proposed taxes on refined sugar,
iron ore and coal are bounties pure and
simple.
Yet the senate proposes to vote them
or to make the country put up with
the McKinley bill. --Louisville Courier
Journal.
THE SUGAR TAX.
Why the ltepublieans Stick So Closely to
the Mlelinley llII.
It is obvious that the alluring shib
boleth. "a free breakfast table," is the
influencing cause of much of the oppo
sition to the. sugar tax in the pending
tariff bill. 'there is a fascination in
the idea that the essential elements of
the poor man's matutinal meal shall
be exempt from all elements that might
add to its cost. and there is a more or
less widely diffused delusion that un
delr the present law sugar is free from
taxation. linut, as a matter of fact, it
is taxed to an extent without parallel.
The two cents a pound bounty to the
growers of raw sugar and the five
tenths of a cent tariff on all the rrod
bects of the sugar trust combine to
create an enormous levy, and. though
it is collected on the clothing and
blankets of the people, and is present
ed bodily to the beneficiaries, does not
in the least degree alter the facts in
the case. It is a tax just the same, and
a tax that is criminal because it is an
unconstitutional robbery.
The plain truth of the matter is that
because of republican profligacy and
the inefficiency of the McKinley bill
as a revenue law. the country is con
fronted by. an impending treasury de
ficiency. To avoid such a calamity it
is necessary to discover new sources of
revenue. With that idea in view, the
pending bill provides for withdrawing
the unconstitutional gratuity to the
sugar growers and the sugar trust and
divert an equal amount of the money
that is taken from the pocket:l of the
people into the treasury. The bounty
to the sugar growers will amount this
year to about $25,000,000. The "pro
tection" to the trust is $20,000000,
making a total of $45,000,000 of taxa
tion on sugar, comparatively little of
which goes into the treasury. The
pending bill will draw about an equal
amount from the people, but every
cent of it except that which goes for
expenses of collection will go into the
treasury and be available for the ordi
nary expenses of the government, re
lieving the people of taxes on other
necessaries to that amount.
We would be glad if it were possible
to secure this reform in the revenue
system without affording protection
to the sugar trust, but the democratic
majority in the senate is so meager
that the defection of a single vote
would put the whole measure in jeop
ardy. The sugar trust, like all other
trusts, is obnoxious to the democratic
party, and any legislation that would
destroy it would be welcome to the
democratic people. But according to
the best information attainable it is
not possible to accomplish this result.
One or two senators who hold title to
their seats through democratic suf
frage declare their intentions to bolt
unless the odious concessions are made
to them. The consequence would be
the continuance of the McKinley bill,
which is what the sugar trust and the
republican party desires. The late
Gov. Moses once said, by way of en
couragement to his carpet-bag asso
ciates in the south: "There are a
couple of years good stealing in the
•south yet." It is an analogous senti
ment that influences the republcans to
adhere to the McKinley bill with
such marvelous tenacity.-Kansas City
Times.
PARAGRAPHIC POINTERS.
--Mr. Cleveland'srecommendations
appear to us eminently wise and proper
in the present emergency. - Boston
Herald.
----McKinley is the Eugene V. Debs
of American politics. He is the man
who tied up the business of the coun
try.--Kansnas City Times.
-Debs' strike is the last mistor
tune of the republican panic of 1893. We
are on the eve of an era of democatie
prosperity.-St. Louis Republic.
-Chairman Wilson's health is still
feeble, but it is gratifying to know
that his weakness is not located in the
vicinity of his backbone.--Btoston Her
ald.
----President Cleveland's letter to
Chairman Wilson is manly and straight
forward. The president says what be
means and means what he says.-Buf
falo Enquirer.
-People shouldn't lose sight of the
fact that the national treasury waRs
about ready to go into the hands of a
receiver at the close of Benjamin Har
rison's administration.-Kansas City
Times.
----President Cleveland's manly and
straightforward letter to Congressman
Wilson was made public at just the
right moment. The democracy of the
nation is with honest Grover in this
matter.-N. Y. Morning Journal.
-There is no doubt that Mr. Clev&
land represents the sentiment of his
party and the general sentiment of the
country in his desire that the instruce
tions upon which this congress v-as
elected shall be faithfully c~rrid out
--Philadelphia Times.
INDIAN RELICS AFTER A FLOOD
lhe eaueks tse Pleaed to lgeresl for Inldia
1. splements.
A fest days ago when the water is
the Allegheny jlver was slowly subsid
ing a man was noticed walking along
Mbd shatre intently scanning the banks.
"I am huiniting for Indian relics," he
said. "You see. in the early days this
was a great redskin country. Thou
sands of Indians followed the rivers
in their canoes and lived along the
banks. Every time the water is high
I am sure to find some trophy that a
savage. no doubt, prized highly. The
flood either carries them down and de
posits thenm along the shore or they
are washed out of the banks.
"Many a time after a rise I have dis
covered a stone tomahawk or a battle
ax sticking out of the mud that had
been lost years ago, and the water had
revealed it. I have at say home a lot
of Indian relies, including arrowheads.
tomahawks, battle-axes,pie. -s of baked
pottery, and other interesting articles.
Most of them I have found along the
rivers immediately after high water.
I remember during the flood of 1889 I
unearthed at double-bitted battle-ax.
It wan~ the first of the kind I had ever
seen. Before the advent of the white
man the Indians knew nothing of
metals. Their weapons were made
chiefly of stone.
"As a rule, the tomahawks are not
works of art. A thin stone was chipped
off to make it as sharp as possible, and
sometimes the Indians serrated the
edges to) make them more effective in
dealing an enemy a blow. The jagged
appearance of many of the tomahawks
I have collected shows that the savages
knew how to inflict pain on an adver
sary.
"The tomahawks either had no han
dle or very short ones. They were
tied to clubs by thongs, which the In
dians wielded with unerring aim. Tl'he
boys were taught to throw them. and
every brave was an expert at it.
"The double-bitted battle-ax in my
possession has a short handle. There
is evidelce to show that it had been
tied to a club like the others. O)cca
sional ly a tomahawk is unearthed that
some redskin had taken the trouble to
polish, or at least make it smooth.
This was done by rubbing stone against
stone. The chances are these hatchets
were carried by the chiefs. With these
stone implements the Indians cut
down great trees and young satplings.
.\s a rule, however, when they wanted
timber they burned the trees at the
base, then hacked at them until they
fell.
•'Some years ago I found a curious
article along the Allegheny that has
puzzled me to figure out what it was
used for. It is wedge-shaped, not very
large, and has a hole w-orn through it
at the end. It is large enough to ad- {
mit the hand, and places were made
on the side for fingers and thumb. I
find that my hand will fit the position
exactly, which leads me to think that
it was used by women. I reason that
the hland of the average Indian was
larger than the white man's."-Pitts
burgh Dispatch.
WHERE NEW YORK EXCELS.
The City's Free Hospitals and Dispensaries
-The Great Work They Do.
In but few of the great cities of the
world is there better provision made
than in New York for the relief of the
sick and the needy. Dispensaries, hos
pitals, and infirmaries. which are
mainly free to the poor, abound in the
city. and the amount of money ex
pended in their support runs up to
millions of dollars a year. lellevu
hospital is the largest of the munnicipal
institutions of its kind and it is cer
tainly one of the most serviceable.
There are special hospitals for eye,
ear and throat affections. for the crip
pled and ruptured, for children and
women, for the aged and infirm, for
colored patients, for surgical cases, for
contagious diseases. and for mater
nity cases, in short, for all aftlicted
people. There are institutions sup
ported by Catholic, by PI'rotestant. and
by Jewish beneficence. There are a
number of hospitals where the homnio
pathic system of medicine is prac
ticed, and which are fortunate in the
possession of large funds. Then the
free dispensaries render service to hun
dreds of thousands of the people of
New York every year.
There are plenty of physicians who
complain that the provision made here
for gratuitous medical service is far
more extensive than it ought to be.
They say it "cuts into private prac
tice" and is taken advantage of by
some people who are able to pay their
doctors. They say. also, that on ac
count of it they have often to reduce
ltheir fees to patients, who would
rather seek help at a dispensary orhos
pital than pay heavy bills for attend
ance at home. The reply to these
Scomplaints of the faculty is that the
great majority of the sick people who
go to public institutions are certatinly
unable to meet the charges or
dinarily made for private medical
care. and would be subjected to un
necessary suffering if provision for
their relief was not made by benevo
I lent men and women.-N. Y- Sun.
A Frank Clhlid.
Teacher-What would you sy tc
Charlie if he should give you the only
apple he had when he wanted it very
much for himself?
Tommy (with emphasis~-l'd ssy he
was a chump!-Chicago Record.
-The following mysterious adver
Stisement appeared recently in a Lon
adon paper: "-Gentlemnan. 26, respect.
able appearance and religious inclinu
tions, wishes to marry under phreno
Slogical principles, and invites corre
spondence from any lady having the
same desire." RHow do you marry un
Sder phrenological principles? Do you
Sboth have your bumps felt. and the9
I compare notes to see that there is no
"incompatibilities of temper?"
-'l'eachr-" 'Vith whom did Acihilles
fight, at thce battle of Troy'?" I'Pupil
S"lPluto." Teacher - -'Vorm.. Try
again." Pupil--"Noere. "'cT: l. e
"N.ero.? How do you--" I':apil--- 1'.cl
it nust have been I,.:.: " I in:..v ,t
/ n-a. onv ~'t "un- t.I'ce rl.. -- i'..L (.
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
--Quick Soup.-Into one quart of
boiling water put one cup of cracker
crumbs, one-half cup of Irish potatoes
chopped fle, one tablespoonful of
rice, butter the size of an egg, onion
enough to flavor and salt and pepper to
taste. Let this boil until done, then
add a teaspoonful of extract of beef
and a raw egg. Beat the egg all to
gether for a few minutes, then pour
slowly into the boiling soup and stir
constantly. The soup is then ready to
serve.-Farm, Field and Fireside.
-Raspberry Pudding.-Into a cupful
of sugar with which a tablespoonful
of butter has been creamed, stir the
beaten yolks of two eggs. Then add a
cupful and a half of milk, the whites
of two eggs beaten till stiff. and
enough flour for a rather thick batter,
into which a teaspoonful of baking
powder has been mingled. Then add
a pint of fresh raspberries, mixing
them in thoroughly, and bake in the
ordinary manner. Serve with a berry
or other liquid sauce.-Good House
keeping. ,
-A Berry Pudding.-I send a receipe
for a delicious strawberry pudding. It
is rather late for this year, but rasp
berries are equally good: One-half
cupful sugar, two tablespoonfuls but
ter. one egg. one cupful milk, two cup
fuls flour, one-half teaspoonful soda,
one teaspoonful cream tartar; one cup
ful of strawberries beaten in; steam
one hour. Sauce-Two cupfuls pow
dered sugar and half cupful butter
creamed: add the white of one egg and
one cupful mashed berries. Beat all
till light.-Cultivator and Country Gen
tleman.
-Gazpacho.-In Spanish countries
this is a common luncheon or supper
for working people. Take onions, cu
cumbers and a small Chili or red pep
per. Peel them, chop thema fine and
mix with plenty of bread crumbs and
a little salt. Mix equal portions of
vinegar and water, and add an ample
portion of sweet oil. Put in an earth
ern stew pan and stir it well. Set it on
hot coals. -and simmer it till well
cooked. Eat slices of bread with it.
In summer it is usual to servo up this
mixture in a large bowl without any
cooking.-\-. Y. Observer.
-Delicious Sirup.-After the fruit
butter is removed from the preserving
kettle pour in the parings and also the
water in which they have been soak
ing. Boil for half an hour, then pour
into a cullender and drain thoroughly
Strain the liquid through a cheese
cloth jelly bag: add one pound of su
gar to a quart of liquid, boil briskly,
removing the scum as fast as it accu
mulates; boil from three to five min
utes; if the liquid begins to thicken
then remove from the fire and bottle
immediately. Cork tightly and cover
the top with tin-foil or sealing wax.
This sirup is unequaled for hot cakes
of every description.-Prairie Farmer.
-Sweet Cucumber Pickles: Take
perfectly ripe cucumbers, peel, extract
the seeds, cut lengthwise, then once
across. and steam until quite tender,
or else soak in salt and water for twen
ty-four hours, and drain: then soak in
vinegar and water, half and half, for
another twenty-four hours, drain and
put into a jar. Boil one quart of vine
gar, two pounds of sugar, a stick of
cinnamon and half a teaspoonful of
cloves together, and pour it over when
boiling. Then cover the jar with a
saucer. Every second day for two
weeks pour this off the cucumbers and
boil up again, pouring it back over
them in the same manner. Plums, wa
termelon rhine. crab apples, grapes,
tomatoes, pears. pineapples, quinces.
peaches, raisins, strawberries. beet
root and rhubard may be treated in the
same manner. Sweet pickles, of course,
are intended to be served with cold
meats.-N. Y. Advertiser.
TACT IN WOMAN.
One of the Iost Effective Weapons She
Can Possems.
Among the most delicate weapons
used by worpen tact is one of the most
effective-the power of listening, of
brightening at the proper moment.
and laughing at the right joke. and of
knowing the exact temper in which a
man is conquerable. and when it is
best to let him alone. A woman who
possesses this weapon generally rules
by that fine instinct which strengthens
her own position by strengthening her
husband's. It is a feminine weapon
guided by a multitude of little wisdoms
and precautions, and by arts as varied
as the sex. It rules a man so gentle
that he is kept in constant good humor
with himself: nor is he uncomfortably
conscious that he has laid down all his
own arms before this sheathed sword.
If there be any other weapon equal
to tact for domestic use it is silence.
In the hour of revolt the force is su
preme. I net any man try to conquer a
woman who simply opposes to all his
arguments a discouraging silence, who
is perfectly patient to-day and will be
perfectly patient to-morrow, who is
not on the offensive, but the defensive,
and whose attitude silently says: "I
do not oppose you. It is not my place.
But I know I am right." It takes but
a short time for such an antagonist to
bring any ordinary man to her feet.
Ladies' Home J.lournal.
Incidents of Travel.
Foreigner (traveling in America)
Porter, can you get me a deck ofat cards?
Porter-Yes sah (brings them). Sev
enty-five cents.
Traveler (paying and tearing open
the covers)-I want a table, too.
Porter-yes. sah (fits one and pockets
a fee for the service). Thank you, sabh.
Traveler shuffles cards and deals out
for solitaire.
Porter (retires to end of car for five
mi'utes, then returns)--'cuse me, as.h.
Cards are not allowed to be played. in
dis coach on Sundays. sah.-N. Y. Sun.
A Youthtal Observer.
M.other---ow be quiet, Bobby; the "
minister ist. going to pray.
SBobby--Vell, he wants to cut it
short. .'
SMother-Why do you say that,
Bobby?
Bobby-'Cos there's a man over thep
wUho's gettia' rea'y to say.' "Aasea
JudgFe,