LAAYETTE GAZETTE
AF YETE, STU D
'' ` `. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1893. NUMBER 39.
 ..:II m. un. .. .. n. . .u . .n u .Inln .ul n n , nu n n nnn uo nn n ,, n n nnn rn un . n.. m .n. n. nn . n.. t . m m.. - . .-
THE DUDE.
$1T s pat4sYg1 gws low
M8e ebll Imesl the eream of earth,
- at. 1 he' h aesn*'s kneow.
. dle is he, far, to work,
'Or e'en tounierstaam.
er dfeae's daae--the dotes on "'torm'
Is laseii m- a beau;
' Butmakes a wall-fower pIoturesque.
As allthe ladies know.
e ad to guess hs aim in life,
ir eShier exertion ts to dre.s.
Te sleep at times, andm at.
And sbov himself admiriagly
TOfolks in town and street.
Bae nation has its special dudes
To cerstai features true;
But one may say-to steal a aoke
' hTYsaokee du e'l do."
"--ol Beaton. to Once a Week.
(JOHNSON'S DEBTOR.
i Was an a:traordinsary Job to
Cooleet forom hm.
"W e O. M. Carter, now president
of thP merican Loan- & Trust com
pany of Omaha. sold his post trader's
outfit at the Rosebud Indian agency in
Mouth Dakota to Charles Stemwinder
Johnson, as Ed Hall used to call him,
there were some accounts on the books
which he threw in as uneolleetable."
It Ws CoL George Barry starting an
other story of his frontier life in the
cafe at the Lotus club the other even
ingafter the coffee, says the New York
. "Well, one time, after he'd got pretty
ly well used to the redskins and
some of the surrounding territory, it
struck Johnson one day -that it would
*e a good thing to collect some of
those uncollectable bills. Every cent
he got out of them was clean
proft. The worst man on the whole
lit was a Frenchman named Buche,
who was ranging some cattle over
toward the head waters of the south
fork of the White river.. Carter had let
*.uche run up a bill of one hundred and
sixty. dollars, and he couldn't get a
cent of it.
"Courtis, the head clerk, who had
been at the post for years, told Johnson
th if he could collect Buche's bill he
could get every dollar every other man
on the Rosebud owed him. Well, one
day Johnson got Buche at the agency.
and jollied him along until Buche actu
ally agreed to pay.
" "I tell you vat, Zhonson,' the
Frenchman said, 'I got some cattles
open ze reevaire. [I gif you some of zen
tattles.'
S*"' All right, Buche,' Johnson said.
Jack Arkwright an' I'll go up an' get
'em some day before long.'
"So they had a drink and Buche went
away. In ten minutes he'd changed his
mind about the cattle and cattle-and concluded
not to pay the bill. He bounced back
into Johnson's store and excitedly ex
claimed:
." " Zhonson, 1 keepozose cattles my
celL I don't tsink I gifs you zose cat
tes. Zose is my cattles.'
' " "All right, Buche. You can keep
your cattle.' said Johnson. 'But the
cattle you gave me are mine, an' Jack
Arkwright an' I'll go up an' get 'em
next Sunday.'
'" I dot you ain' goin' get zone cattles.
Nevaire! Zose is my attles. Eh?.: I
keep zem. I know. Eh? You see me?
1 am Buche. Zose is my cattles. So. I
keep zem. Vat you can do? Nozzing!
.1 know. Zat is a good 'ead. Zero is
woverse 'eads as zsat in con-n-gress. Eh?'
LAnd out of the store he strode.
"Johnson saw him once or twice after
that before the next Sunday and each
time said:
" 'I'll be down on Sunday for my
cattle.'
"Buche raved around the agency and
swore by all his vigorous oaths that
he'd ill Johnson full of Winchester
holes if the trader made an effort to
get the cattle. So on Saturday John
son went to the agency building and had
Jack Arkwright sworn in as a deputy
United States marshal There isn't
very much law on -an Indian reserva
tion, and in most cases might is right;
but Arkwright's long official title had a
terrifying sort of sound to the half
breeds, and Jack thought himself only
second in inportance to the president.
He had Mexican, Indian and negro
blood in his veins, and was as fine a
specimen as you'll see in many a day's
travel in that country of stalwart men.
Besides that he didn't understand how
t4 be' afraid of anything, and he be
lieved that a six-shooter was made for
use ralther than ornament.
"Well, on Sunday morning Johnson
and-Arkwlright. with his commission as
deputy marshal and a herder, started
for Buehe's headquarters seventy-five
miles away on the river, leaving Buche
. boiling around the agency and swesar
ing all sorts of things. They rode
pretty hard, and made about sixty-five
miles before sundown. They hadn't
much more than gone into camp before
Buche came by riding like a whirlwind
with a Winchester balanced on the sad
dle in front of him.
'" Be down in the morning, Buche,'
Sshoued Johnson, 'an' get my cattle.'
"Withan angry shout. Buche rode on
toward his camp.I Very early the next
morningJohnson's partystarted. They
haip .the tea abiles to Buche's camp in
-bemteu a An?, and couldn't find a sign
aVll, rIn gormed,' said Jack Ark
Sright, u It the 4- Frenchy hain't hid
his cttles in ts bntes.'
* u eTile aephtitsl *nd-bsegan to hunt
or the enttle. e they were at
.fromte . It turned
aibEt 'een over after
~ a nti~'Wlaomhe owed aor
n or mar the
st t ee fne
"Will, when Jack Arkwright saw
Bache coming he pulled out his com
mission as deputy marshal and rode
down to meet the excited Frenchman.
"'Look here, Buche,' he shouted, as
he got within hailing distance, 'here's
my commission as marshaL'
'The Frenchmmn turned and ran as
hard as his pony could go
" ' von't hear no papers,' he shouted.
'1 don't vant no papers.
"W"ell, sir, hell-to-split over the
prairie went those two men, Buche
shouting that he wouldn't hear Ark
wright bawling out his commission at
the top of his mighty lungs. Johnson
told me afterward that he'd have been
atisfied after that if he hadn't got the
cattle. But while Arkwright was chai
ing Buche Johnson's herder found a
bunch of the cattle. Johnson and the
herder out out twenty-two head from
the bunch and started them for the
agency. Arkwright saw them and left
the chase,after Buche to join them.
"Away the cattle and the men went
at full gallop. For a time Buche
seemed to have given up. He'd been
in such a whirl of excitement that he
hardly seemed to know where he was,
and his Winchester had been left at his
camp when he started for the regn
lators. He seemed to realize all of a
sudden that Johnson was actually do
ing as he said- he would and taking his
cattle. They were a mile away when
Buche started again at full gallop for
his camp. His head herder, Curly, and
another cowboy were there. He got
his Winchester and the two cowboys
and away they went after Johnson full
tilt, Buche swearingastreak and shout
ing at every jump that he'd shoot John
son's black heart, and white liver full
of small, fine holes.
"Arkwright saw him coming, and
with an unpleasant look in his eyes and
his right hand dangerously near his
six-shooter holster swung down to
meet him. Buche had no word for the
deputy, but kept on after Johnson,
vowing all sorts of dreadful fates for
him. So Arkwright swung in behind
the Frenchman and his herders, neither
of whom was armed. Buche was taking
a terrible risk. His Winchester was
balanced on the saddle before him. If
it slipped he would have instinctively
grabbed for it, and Arkwright would
certainly have shot him if he made the
ylightest movement tpeouch his rifle.
naon has told mae sjnce that he
hn't a grain of sand left in him. It
all oozed out of his toes when Bache
was thundering down on his back
swearing to shoot him, and he didn't
dare try to face about for fear the
Frenchman would think he was about
to shoot and so would keep his word.
"That sort of thing couldn't last long.
Johnson and his cowboy stopped and
waited until Buche came up.
" 'I'll tell you what I'll do, Buche,'
Johnson said. "i've got two men and
you've got two men. Let those four go
over there a hundred yards and ap
praise those cattle. I'll take enough
of the cattle at whatever price they fix
to pay your bill, and I'll give you twen
ty-five dollars in cash right here be
sides. You give me a bill of sale of the
cattle and I'll give you a receipt in full
to date.'
"Buche's chief herder, Curly, said
that was a fair deal, and Buche fnally
agreed to it. The four cowboys went
off together, and immediately a fine
wrangle began. One side wanted a low
appraisal, the other a high one, and, as
their numbers were equal, there was
no way of reaching a settlement. It
had been going on for about an hour,
when Johnson told Buche that he
would take a bull at forty dollars and
four cows at thirty dollars each and
call it square. Buche hesitated, and
Johnson offered to give him five
dollars cash besides. The French
man took the money and John
son drew up the papers. They had
just been signed and exchanged
when the four cowboys came up.
They had at last agreed on exactly the
same appraisement that Johnson had
given Ruche. When Curly heard how
it had been settled he set about cutting
out the five cattle for Johnson. As
Buche and Curly rode back to the
Frenchman's camp, while the cowboys
drove back the rest of the bunch
Johnson had started to take, Curly sud
denly said: -
" 'Buche, that's a great head you've
got.'
" 'Vat you mean?'
" 'Just what I say. There's lots
worse heads than that in congress.
You're a great man. You're a smart
man."
'" Vat you mean?'
'"I say I mean what I say. You're a
smart man. I've got some business
back in New York state and I was go
ing to get a lawyer, but I guess I'1l
send you.'
"Two days later Bueche burst into
Johnson's store quivering with anger.
" 'Zhonson,' he shouted, 'you owe me
twenty dollar. I vant him.'
"Johnson never succeeded in con
vincing the Frenchman that he didn't
really owe him that twenty dollars."
snenelag a iaUy.
Paul de Cassagnae is practically an
extinct volcano. Of late his interrup
tions in thqechamber have not been so
frequent or so noisy as they at one
time were. and in the field of politics
he does not count as a serious factor.
One of the best stories told of M. de
Cassagnac has as its hero M. Menier,
the chocolate manufacturer. M. Me
nier, who was a deputy, had mountefd
the tribune and comm.ed to speak,
but M. de Cassagnac so persistently
shouted "Choeolatt Chocolat!" that he
had great difculty in proceeding. At
length, in desperation, M. Menier
turned on his tormentor and shouted
that if M~. de Cassagnac would pay him
the bill his ~ndcle had owed him so long
for "ehocolat" he would feel very
grateful. The chamber roared, and
M. de Cassagnae at once subsided.
London Figaro.
* ' ""I should like to know when yoea
ide going to pay that bll. I can't
come here every day in the week."
"What day would suit you best?':
Skaturdsy." "Very well then you
-f *nlI .verq Satwrday."-'eti?- P PIar
SIZE OF THE PACIFIC.
Soeerys Moere Thas a Third ef the sarth's
The Pacific ocean may be reckoned to
inolude 68,000,000 square miles, or more
than one-third of the total area of the
earth's surface. It extends through
nearly 185 degrees of latitude, or three
eighths of the world's circumference-a
stretch of 9,000 miles from north to
south. From east to west it varies from
an even greater length to less than fifty
miles. If confined by the smallest pos
sible length of boundary line it would
form a round pond 9,800 miles in di
ameter.
The deepest sounding made by the
Challenger expedition was in the Paci
fic, between the Carolinas and Ladrones,
and was 4,475 fathoms, or 26,850 feet;
a greater depth than the height of any
mountain in the world except three.
A still deeper sounding was made from
the United States ship Tuscarora of 4,
600 fathoms (27,600 feet) at the entrance
to the Sea of Okhotsk; this being prob
aby the deepest reliable sounding ever
made.
The Pacific ocean has not been ex
plored nearly so thoroughlg as as the
Atlantic, and generalization from the
comparatively few statistics available
may be subject to considerable inacu
racy, but, putting together the record
ed soundings, and taking into account
an estimate of the depth bated upon
the swiftness of the tide wave, it seems
probable that the average depth of the
Pacific may safely be put at 3,000 fath
oms (18,000 feet), or nearly 83 miles.
This gives the entire contents of the
Pacific as nearly 282,000,000 cubic miles.
Some conception of one cubic mile
may be got from the statement that,
itf we had a block of buildings of that
size, it would take an hour to walk
around it at a good pace, and a fairly
easy staircase to the top of it would
contain ten thousand steps, while thir
teen cathedrals as high as St. Paul's
could be piled up on one another with
out reaching to the top.
- The cubic contents expressed in
feet is thirty-four trillions (thirty
four million million). This is a
number it is not easy to realize;
it is so great that if 1,000,000 clocks
ticked once a second for 1,000,000
years their combined tickings would
not amount to it. As each cubic foot
of water weigh over sixty-two pounds,
the weight of the Pacific is over 2,000
trillion pounds, 950,000,000,000,000,000
tons.-Longman's Magazine.
ADVENTURES OF A PHYSICIAN.
Why He Found Himself Regarded as a
F'arsh on a Street Car.
"I had rather a grewsome venture
the other day," said a well-known
Washington physician to a writer for
the Star. "'I had been up all night
with a patient on whom I had per
formed a critical surgical operation.
It was a question whether he would re
cover from the shock. In fact it was
touch and go, so that I could not take
a minute's sleep. About 5 a. m. I got
away and started for home, so ex
hausted that it never occurred to me to
think of my appearance.
"The horse car I had boardedequickly
filled up with laborers on their way to
work. Though very sleepy, I was some
what surprised to notice that several of
them eyed me strangely. Those of
them who sat down near me quickly
moved away, and one man who took a
seat next to me-I was in one of the
front corners-looked at me, got up
hastily, and held on to the strap. No
body else took the vacant place, though
the vehicle by that time was crowded.
"Not being used to being regarded as
a pariah, I was considerably puzzled. I
observed the faces of two or three men
who sat opposite to me, and I thought
that they gazed at me with an expres
sion of horror and disgust. What could
it mean? I began to feel alarmed.
"Just then I chanced to look down
at one of my cuffs. It was saturated
with blood. The other cuff I noticed
for the first time was bloody also. My
trousers were spotted with blood, and
there were fresh stains of it on my coat
sleeves. My anxiety about thq patient
and subsequent exhaustion had pre
vented me from thinking of the matter,
and I had not done more than wash
my hands before starting for home. At
once I saw what the trouble was. The
people in the car could find no other
way of accounting for my condition
than to suppose that I had just killed
somebody. They sized me up bor a
murderer. Unshaven as I was, and
wearing an old hat, I must have looked
rather tough. Not a word was said as
I got off the car and made a sprint for
my house, glad to get back 'safe, and to
remove the traces of imagined crime
from my person. "-Washington Star.
Help and Hurt of Alms.
An honest, industrious man of our
acquaintance came down with an ill
ness which lasted through wintei.
His wife also fell ill. A lot of us
clubbed together and saw them
through. Both recovered and he as
serted his manhood by earning the
money and offering to pay it back.
That man was helped, not hurt, by giv
ing him money when he has brought
want upon himself by his own doing or
not doing. It is only when, because of
circumstances beyond his control, and
not originating in his character, he is
in want, that he may helpfully be
helped-Interior.
A Pretext.
A few evenings ago a little boy was
busily engaged at his lessons. His
father, one of the leading citizens ol
Harlem, had gone to the lodge, and his
mother was busy sewing., The little
boy looked up and asked: "Mamma,
what does the word pretext' mean?"
"'When your father says he has to go
to the lodge two or three times a week,
that is a pretext to get away from his
family."
The boy did not say any thing, but
next day when he read it out to a
whole school his definition of "pre
text" created a sensation.-Texas Sift
ings.
No Doubt or It.
Mr. Pensive--All things come to the
man who waits.
Mr. Getthar-Yes, but if you fee the
waiter some things will come to you
aiwb inwsen-T.eu SWUttuga,
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
-Cream Pie-One cup sugar, one eap
eream, one cup of milk, two teaspoons
cornstarch, four eggs. Bake in puff
paste, without top crust.
-Pretty cushions are made of parch
ment satin, so called on account of its
color. Finish with a frill of silk and
decorate with flower designs.
-Uncooked French Cream-Break
the whites of two eggs into an earth
ern bowl; add an exactly equal meas
ure of cold water and stir in confec
tioners' sugar, XXX. until you have it
stiff enough to be molded.-American
Agriculturist.
Chicken Pie.-Stew skinned feet,
wingtips, neck and giblets with a little
water, one slice each of onion and
carrot Reduce one-halt Add a little
lemon juice. Put dismembered chicken
in dish, cover with strained gravy,
rings of hard-boiled whites of eggs, 1
slices of yolk, then with gashed pastry,
and bake.-Good Housekeeping.
-Flaked Fish.-Make a sauce, by
dredging Sour into a tablespoonful of
hot butter in a saucepan, and stirring
till smooth; let it bubble, and add two
cupfuls of cold fish, nicely flaked, one
tablespoonful of cold butter, a dessert
spoonful each of anchovy sauce and
mixed mustard, one teacupful of cream,
with pepper and half a cupful of bread
crumbs. Heat, and serve; or pour it
into a buttered baking dish, spread
bread crumbs over the top, and brown
in the oven.-Housekeeper.
Fricasseed Chicken-In making the
gravy for fricasseed chicken I always
add a little milk. It is an improve
ment. If toast is made to lay under
the chicken it should be dipped in the
gravy before it is thickened to moisten
it. Nice, light biscuit, freshly baked,
broken in two and laid under the chick
en, is an improvement on toast, but
toast is nice and sometimes one has a
quantity of bread to be disposed of be
fore it is too old. A dish of stew may
be made better with toast. Stewed to
matoes are nice over toast. Baked or
fried tomatoes are especially nice on
toast. They are nice for breakfast
when youhave not meat.-Prairie Far
mer.
-Sweet Breads. -It may not be gen
erally known that the sweet breads are
the portions of fowls or animals which
lie at the anterior part of the back, also
known as the pancreas. Wash the
sweet breads and remove all the bits of
fatty matter, cover with cold water
and heat to a boil. Pour off the hot
water and cover with cold water until
the sweet breads are firm. Stew in a
little water the second time. When
tender, add for each sweet bread a
heaping teaspoonful of butter, a little
chopped parsley, with pepper and salt
and a little cream. Let them simmer
in this gravy for five minutes, then
-take them up. Send to table in a cov
ered dish with the gravy poured over
them.-WVomankind.
-Fried Scallops.-One ofr the sim-.
plest ways of cooking the scallop is to
fry it. Drain the liquor from the scal
lops thoroughly, laying them in a
sieve. Immerse them in milk, season
them with a little salt and pepper, and
roll them in fine cracker crumbs, being
careful to cover them thoroughly. As
they are breaded, put them into a fry
ing basket and plunge them into boil
ing-hot fat. Fry them about four min
utes; drain and slip them on brown
paper to absorb any extraneous fat.
Then put them on a napkin on a hot
platter. Serve them with delicately- 2
thin, hot, buttered slices of brown
bread. Mix about a quarter of a cup of
flour with every cupful of sifted cracker
crumbs used in breading.--Boston Bud
get.
THE STEAM ENGINE.
Improvements in Construction and Postl
bilities of Power.
The improvements which have
marked the development of the steam
engine have been the result of their
application to their promotion of more
mechanical genius, higher skill, more
careful and scientific research, more
brain power generally than probably
have ever been given in the history of
the world to any other directly useful
purpose. The steam engine stands to
day as a nobler monument, a higher
tribute to the genius of man than any
other product of his many and mighty
powers that the world has yet seen.
It is the source and the foundation of
all his material and wealth and largely
of his intellectual and moral wealth.
It is the prime mover in every applica
tion of his inventive and instructive
genius to the solution of the problems
of modern civilization. It drives the
machinery of mine, mill and workshop;
it transports him and his possessions
across the continents and over the seas;
it gives life to the whole system of
transmission of all energies, including
those of the electric light and the elec
tric railway. It makes all that he has
and is a possibility, and stands, the
mist giant, a genius of more than Alad
din-like power, the maker and the
guardian of modern life.
Light, heat and electricity, all the
powers of nature, are but its servants,
and do its work and run its errands at
arm's length or miles away, in the ex
tension of its powers to near and dis
tent fields of labor alike.
In performing the work of modern
civilization man has compelled the ser
vice of over fifty million horse power
of steam giants, equivalent to more
than seventy-five million horses of av
erage power, for the rated horse power
of the steam engine is to that extent in
excess of the power of the animal
This is the equivalent of the steady
working power of the whole popula
timon of the globe, and probably largely
in excess of that amount-Toledo
Blade.
New OGme for Hlm.
Poker Jim of Dead Man's Gulch was
at church for the first time in his life.
"What's the ante?" he inquired in a
whisper, leaning forward as the contri
bution basket came around to him.-
Chicago Tribune.
rmst Have a Rest.
Charles-I have eaten brain-food for
six months without apparent results.
Edith-Yes, I am told the brain is
the only organ upon whiwi) i hs any
,ke*,-Trutla.
HE GOT A CLAIM.
At she Same Time He Got voen With Him
Wife -mad i Is appy
There is at least one boomer happy,
one "stripper" joyous "in this melan
choly vale;" it is-a gentleman from
Sheldon, Ia., who was interviewed ai
the union depot in Kansas City, and
told the reporter a tale of woe through
which runs like a thread of sunshine
the gloat of the exultant proprietor of
the cow that ate the grindstone.
Listen:
"'My wife kept nagging at me to go
down and take a claim until I simply
had to go."
No one who has not heard a wife
smite the harp of life on one key for
breakfast, dinner and supper, and take
it to bed with her, can understand the
delirious bliss that frenzies the brain
of the gentleman from Sheldon, Ia., as
he makes this proud avowal It is a
bliss that transcends the joy of doing a
good deed. It resembles nothing so
much as the excruciating, guilty joy
one knows in scratching a chigger bite
till it- bleeds, with the aggravating
knowledge that it will make an ugly
pore. After this outburst the gentle
man from Sheldon loses all sense of
shame and continues:
"Well, I got a claim, and I'm afraid I
got consumption with it, for my lungs
are full of ashes and sand."
Here be begins to feel his nails go
through the quick skin, but he only
digs in madder, more ecstatic and more
unreasoning than ever. "O, happy
love! where love like this is found. C,
heartfelt rapture, bliss beyond com
pare!' What a wealth of happiness the
gentleman from Sheldon, Ia., is storing
up for his quiet home! How he will
throw the halo of his presence around
the hearth-stone and get even wtth his
wife for sending him away from the
roof-tree, if it takes all winter! He
continues musing, as if to himself,
while the reporter follows.
"I got a spade and began digging my
claim. In fifteen minutes the wind had
blown the sand out to a depth of fAur
feet. I am going home now to tell my
wife that I've got a claim and the law
will force us to live on it or go to the
penitentiary."
Ah, there is consideration for you!
Ulysses returqjng from his travels.
Hero breasting the waves to Leander,
the troubador .who gaily thrums his
guitar coming "home from the war"
none of these bring the delicious thrill
of satisfying comfort that the gentle
=man from Shelden bears to the wife of
his bosom. A consumptive with one
lung full of sand on the one hand, and
a dank, dark, slimy prison cell on the
other. One can almost see him go trip
ping up the gravel walk that leads to
his humble but happy home and hear
the glad cry with which he will greet
his patient wife who has kept "the
light in the window." There are joys
and joys. There will be no billing and
I cooing in the family of the gentleman
from Sheldon, Isa.; but there will be a
lively home coming and a joyous re
union when he gets back. The "God
bless our home" sign over the cupboard
wll1 be in full force and effect in that
sweet hour, you bet your bottom dol
lar.-Kansas City Star.
A WOMAN AND A BABY.
What She Did With It While the Car Was
Oolng Three Blocks.
A woman got into a Cold Springs car
the other afternoon. She was carrying
a sweet-faced baby, which was not
more than six months old.
The car was detained on the corner
where the woman got on, and she
shifted around nervously in her seat
for a few moments and then began to
toss the baby about. Here is a true
description of what she did with that
child while the car was going three
blocks.
Held it upright on one knee for
thirty seconds. Then shifted it to the
Iotlher knee.
Pulled it up against her and hugged
it twice.
Tossed it on her left shoulder and
then shifted it to her right shoulder.
Held it up to the window and then
stood it up on her lap.
Made a cradle out of her arms and
jumped it up and down about six times.
Placed it on her left knee. Then put
it on her right knee.
Laid it on its stomach in her lap.
Hugged it to her bosom and patted it
seven times.
Held it up at the car window again,
then pulled it over to her left shoulder,
shifted it to her right shoulder, and
wound up by dumping it on her lap.
Tossed it in the air a dozen times and
hugged it four or five times.
Laid it on its back in her lap and
then turned it so that it lay on-its
stomach.
Patted it for a minute and hummed
"Hush-a-by, Baby," although the child
wasn't making a sound.
Put it on her knee- and joggled her
knee up and down, shook in front of
her, holding it out at arm's length, and
then hugged it ecstatically three times.
Held it up to the window for the
third time and then, when the con
ductor came after her fare, laid it in a
mussy lump on the seat beside her.
Patted it some more, joggled it some
more, tossed it some more and flopped
it down on its stomach again.
Held it out at arm's length and gazed
at it rapturously. Talked gibberish to
Sit and hugged it some more.
And all this while the car was going
Sthree blocks.-Buffalo Express.
teassuring.
Mr. Day Wed-I am afraid, love, you
will find me ratherexacting at time,
and I am afraid, too that I am a little
inclined to find fault without cause.
Mrs. Day Wed-Oh, don't worry,
desar! I'll see that you always hav
cause.-Judge.
A Prooef of Trust.
Fond Mother--Willy tells me his em
ployer is gradually taking him into hi
confidence.
Father-Yes?
Fond Mother--Ite says he showed him
how to lock the safe yesterday.-Puck.
-The deboendants of a single female
wasp wilt often number i5,90 in ong
~S~±
SAVING FEATHERS.
Wow eeoonomsy Can B Practiced s tshe
uMtter of PIllows.
There is a great deal of wastefulness
in the world; and while a good deal of
It comes from lack of time to take care
of things, a great many persons are
wasteful through sheer carelessness and
indifference.
An enormous amount of valuable ma
terial is in this way rendered useless
every year. If every housekeeper, who
uses fowls or birds of any sort, would
take the trouble to keep the feathers
until some convenient season when
they could be properly put in order,
she would, in a short time, have no end
of cushions, pillcws and paddings for
various purposes. If the feathers can
not be prepared at once, they should
be thrown into a very strong solution
of sal-soda dissolved in boiling water.
Put the feathers in, immediately cover
the dish with a thick cloth and let
them stand until cold, and rinse in
clear water. They may then be put
into a bag, pinned up on the clothes
line and allowed to become thoroughly
dry, then wrap them very closely in a
thick paper, tie them up tightly and
put them away. When time allows,
throw them into a boiler with strong
soap-suds and a little soda, boil them
for an hour, then when cool enough,
take out with the hands and strip
from the large quills the flues at the
sides.
By a little practice one will almost
instantly detect any quills that will be
large enough to be annoying or to take
from the value of the feathers. It is a
plan to remove the quills as closely as
possible; indeed, if all were taken out
and the remainderof the feathers could
be carefully washed and thoroughly
dried in the air, the stuffy,. heavy odor
that makes so many pillows offensive
would never be observed. It is the
presence of a certain amount of animal
matter in the quills that causes this
odor.
Feather pillows that are old and al
most worthless, may the thrown into
suds and soda, boiled, scrubbed and
rinsed, the broken quills and matted
portions removed, and the result will
be a clean, fresh-smelling, wholesome
pillow. Where the pillows have been
used a long time, two or more may be
put together. It is not well to mix new
ones with old, but the old ones, boiled
and thoroughly cleansed, may be put
together, so that two pillows will make
one very nice one. In this way they
may be so arranged that a single new
pair will make up the complement.
Sometimes one pair of very large ones
will make a very presentable pair of
smaller ones, provided they are not too
much broken. If they are of moderate
size, two into one will not be too much.
--N. Y. Ledger.
HOW TO RETAIN FRIENDS.
Advice to a Girl Concerning Her Social
Relations.
It may be taken as a general rule
that no woman can retain her friends
who can not control her temper. What
she thinks may be right, but because it
is so no excuse can be found for her
going into a long quarrelsome argu
ment, raising her voice and making
her hostess and all the other guests
uncomfortable. Then the people must
know that she is to be relied upon;
that she is not going to bring the daily
worries of her life into the social at
mosphere, but that she is certain to
bring her mite of agreeableness to add
to all other mites until the perfection
of enjoyment is achieved, and the
pleasant side of everybody is seen and
enjoyed. The woman who wishes to
keep her friends must steer clear of
vital subjects on which they may dif
fer, religion or politics being especially
undesirable for discussion.
Be pleasant and agreeable to all men
who may be in your own social world,
but give no one man the right to
especially claim you until the veritable
Prince Charming appears. To retain
one's friends one must also respect
their social rights, and by this I mean
that if their hospitality is accepted it
must be catered to properly in the way
of dress and manner, and that the girl
shows wisdom, who, invited to a very
elaborate affair and feeling that she
can not afford even a simple dress, re
fuses the invitation rather than mor
tify the hostess by being out of tune in
the general harmony. Consideration is
one of the greatest claims a girl can
have.-Ruth Ashmore, in Ladies' Home
Journal.
The Uses of Charcoal.
Charcoal isn't always sufficiently ap
preciated. It is handy for various oc
casions and for many uses. It may be
a help in time of need.' Impure water
may be clarified by filtering it through
the crushed lumps. Glass and other
utensils, when they have been washed
with soap and water, may be freed
from odor by rinsing with charcoal
powder. An occasional use of eharcoal
as a tooth-powder makes the teeth
wonderfully white and the breath
sweet Powdered charcoal, taken as a
medicine, is excellent for indigestion.
A pan of charcoal put in a closet which
does not admit light and air, and left
to smolder an hour or so, will render
the atmosphere perfectly fresh. When
meat, fish, and the like are likely to
become tainted.from intense heat or
long keeping the simplest method of
keeping them sound and sweet is to put
a few lumps of charcoal into the pot
where they are to be cooked.--Chiago
MaiL
A Point in Preser+ng.
A very good authority on fruit pre
serving considers the plan followed by
many housekeepers, of using asmall
proportion of sugar and in consequence
boiling the preserves longer,is a fallacy,
as the more sugar used the greater the
bulk of preserve obtained, less being
wasted in long boiling and evaporation,
while the'flavor of the fruit is more re
tained. A quick fire should be used,
and of course the preserve continually
stirred, the scum being taken of as it
rises. To judge if the preserve has
boiled long enough drop a little into a
glass of cold water. If it does not
spread or mix It is done enough. Or
another way is to drop a little on a
pate, If it does not run on the pla
tS is suifciently boiled sad abouldrp
Sr be ilwg4,oe~ r~uI ~wubUI~
IN THE ELECTRIOAL WORL D.E :
-Ten thousand people are empli
as telephone operators in this oe.t
-The electric plant which l"
the current for the lights of Lseos3iuJ ,
N. H., is hereafter to be run by wate '
-In 1884 the patent office grants;
1,200 patents protecting inventiond.
the field of electricity alone. In tii:
year three per cent. of all the paten$
claims busied themselves with eles:
tricity.
-A new telephone was lately tesate3
between Saratoga and Albany, a dig
tance of thirty-eight miles. The speslip.ii
er at the Albany end of the line was
distinctly heard in Saratoga six fee-t
from the instrument.
-Greenwich observatory is to be'.
lighted by electricity. The observa
tory will be equipped with an electric
lighting plant of its own, the dynamo
of which will be driven by a gas en
gine. To prevent any effect on "the
magnetographs the dynamo will be i n
closed in a triple iron shield.
-In Paris a large number of subsr.
bers have been secured to a telephonic
service which transmits music, recite
tions, dialogues, etc., from concert
halls and theaters. The suceess of the
experiment in Paris has been so great
that a company is being organized to
establish a like service in London.
-The first Gray telautograph -h
practical use is operated between the.
Western Union supply *ouse on the.
north side of Chicago and the main of
flee of the company. The line is in use
almost constantly and gives ,excellent
satisfaction. Dr. Gray has an interest
ing exhibit of his invention in the Ele ..
tricity building on the World's fair
grounds
-In Ottawa, Ont., the hackmen comr ,
plain that the electric cars have very;
materially injured their business, and
it is not now an unusual thing for a
carriage driver to go all day without a
single customer. In 1890 the number
of licensed hackmen in the city amount
ed to 193. In 1892 it fell to 127, and up
to the 1st of July in the current year
only 90 licenses had been applied for.
-A lucrative position was recently
offered to a West Virginia man by tele:
graph, but, as the message was not de
livered promptly, he failed to obtain
the place because his acceptance was
not sent early enough. A suit was
brought againt the telegraph company
for its failure to promptly deliver the
message. The court decided the case
against the company, but awarded
merely nominal damages, on the ground
that the telegram did not contain an
absolute offer of the position.
-The city of New Orleans has just
sold for $700,000, cash down, to the Newv.
Orleans City and Lake Railroad Co..a
renewal from 1906 until 1956 of that
company's extensive street railway
franchises. This, in the opinion of the
Electrical Engineer, is a novelty in the
granting of franchises so long before
they begin, but the company wanted to
be sure of its protection before making
a proposed heavy investment in electric
traction, and apparently didn't think
8700,000 too much to pay. The comrn-.
pany now has a lease extending sixty.
three years from the present time, and
can go ahead with its electrical work,
in the consciousness that it is safe from
interruption or competition during that
period. The public and the local per
pers of the city seem perfectly satisfied
with the arrangement. As a result ol
the purchase the electrical system will
be installed at once, and the mule will
disappear from New Orleans street cae
lines.
-"There is one lesson taught by the
general adoption of the electric light
that people in New York and Brooklyn
do not seem to have profited by so much
as have the powers and people in many
other cities," said a traveler. "In the
desire to make the very best showing
for the new light, the electricians have
devoted much care to shades and re
flectors designed to throw the light
downward, on desk, table or sidewalk.,
The incandescent lights are topped in
all cases by white glass, or silvered re
flectors, which throw all the lght
downward, where it is needed. The
old style of street lamp is so construct
e as to give the most light upward,
outt of the top and toward the stars.
The thick frame casts a big shadow on
the side-walk, and a thick support,
with big cross-arms, further obstructs
and shuts off the light. In very Mnapy
cities and towns I visit, here and in E
rope, new lamps, embodying the lesson
taught by the electric light, are in gen"
eral use where gas is still used, or at
least the tops of the old lamp frames
are filled with white apaque glass. The
difference in the amount of light thia
derived "from the sanme-burne is re-.
markable.
Language of the VIsItal Cerd.
The custom of turning down. thw
prners of the cards to signify gftereaW.l
messages is not a very gene enea,.....L
it is considered better form to ha
one's pasteboard representative a
fresh in appearance as possible. Howh
ever, the fashion does obtain to
extent and its language is as
Turning the upper right hand
signifies that the single card is to
elude all the ladies of the house
and turning the upper left hand corer,.
that the call was made persona
This latter is the more senseless
torm, as, except in Washington, w.
the visiting duties are so very omn
it is very unusunal in this ooupt
ladies to call by proxy, or to send
cards to a door by their maid or
man.-Ladies' Home.JournaL .
Johnby's Art Taste.
Little Johnny-I don't like the'
set of books our school is agoin' to
There isn't hardly any pictures h
Fond Mother-My little 'bet
the beautiful in art, doesn'thbt
Little Jeohnny-Yes'm. The
tures there is the more things .
to learn--Good News.
A Brghst sBoyJ
"Ma," said a newspaper
"I know why editors' call
"Why?"
"So's the aSan who.
article wil l,r. ,