THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1893. NUMBER 34.
S-- - - - --~- - A *~ i ~FmEA WrIR'I n a ~ .USEFU L ADS ESTIV E.'
HIS LAST ROLL.
Story of the Rieo and Fall of an
Actor.
The curtain had already been raised
three times and still the applause was
prolonged. They were compelled to
raise it again. Darzincourt, his left
hand pressed against his heart, his
right holding several gilt laurel crowns,
bowed, while his eyes filled with tears.
The bravos increased to a storm: he
wanted to say something to express his
thanks to the public, but the old come
dian could only open his lips and utter
a mumbling sound. He was overcome;
his emotions were too deep to clothe in
words.
Canes beat on the floor with a furious
noise. The entire theater shook with
the sound. Again and again did the
ushers pass up to the stage paper palm
branches bearing ribbons on which the
principal roles of the actor were
printed. Meanwhile as Darzincourt
stood in the midst of the company that
had supported him the stage manager
left the group and embraced him in the
name of the crowd. At the same time
he placed one of the crowns on his
head. The crown, far too large, slipped
down to his shoulders, but what of
that?--the scene was beautiful
It was on this tableau and amid fresh
and furious applause that the curtain
descended, leaving Darzincourt to take
off his crown and receive the felicita
tions of his comrades.
Never before in that provincial city
had a similar manifestation been made
over a retiring actor, and as he was to
leave the stage permanently there was
no jealousy among his fellows. So he
retired to the Cafe de la Comedic, where
a second ovation awaited him, and the
fragrant smoke from the punch bowls
on the marble tables received the en
thusiasm of those who pressed for
ward to do him honor. And there
were toasts without number, you may
be sure.
The old habitues of the theater re
proached hlin for leaving them so soon.
"Why, if one pleases the public, one is
always young."
And he, rubbing his chin, that ha4
Ibeen shaved for more than half a cen
tury, was obliged to defend his retire
ment. Ills hair was white; he was
too rheumatic to kneel gracefully idnthe
love scenes. lesides, he made his
mark, his life had been passed on the
boards. Well, he needed repose. lie
wanted to see the real country instead
of faded canvas. Ile had dreamed of a
little farm-a little garden where he
could smoke his pipe in peace to the
end of his days. It was time to think
of himself; he had given enough of his
life to the public. And it was amusing
to hear hini speak of his farming proj
ects, seated there in the costume of
Louis XV., with the "makeup" still on
his face, which in the heat of the cafe
glistened in oily lines.
At last the manager, with his majes
tic gravity, and also moved by the
libations he had taken during that af
fecting evening, declared that there
was no telling what the future might
bring forth. Who could say that Darz
incourt would not come back some
day? But the latter shook his head.
Xo' his de vision had been made; he
wanted now to enjoy the luxury of do
ing nothing.
Two days afterward Darzinconrt, in
stalled in his little house, his head cov
ered with a large straw hat, wearing
a linen suit and wooden shoes, began
to water hixs flowers in the midst of a
broiling sun, while chatting with the
little servant maid.
"Unt you ought to wait till evening,"
she said. "They will perish."
"lahb!" he smiled. "Flowvcrs are like
women. You can't show them too
much attention."
From that time a delicious life began
for him in the peace of his rustic home.
lie thought with horror of the rehears
als of other days, of the constant
changing of costumes and parts to be
learned, and -shiv-red at the remem
brance of those scenes which called for
nervous action. A year of peaceful
pleasure followed. lie was very happy,
and why not? he kept asking himself
again and again-so often, in fact,
that he began to doulbt if he felt so sin
cerely.
This happiness at the bottom was
monotonous. Yet ho was not willing
to acknowledge that annui had crept
into that pretty little house which he
had longed for so much, and the more
he assured himself that he needed
nothing the more he saw that the days
that dragged by were abominably void
and dull.
To-day, seated in an arbor taking his
coffee, he allowed his pipe to go out as
he read over some old plays, occasion
ally pausing to exclaim as he came to
some familiar role: "'Ah I was great
in that!" And the old memories of the
past that he thought were buried casne
to the present and sang a siren song in
his ears. Ah, the music of applause,
the shouts and bravos that set the
lights trembling after an impassioned
.peech! And the little servant coming
to remove the dishes surprised him
standing there flushed of face, his hair
blowing in the breeze, apostrophizing
an inmaginary personage.
"Ah, monsieur le comte-at last we
are face to facel"
"A count here! Where is this count
of yours?"
And the girl laughed till the tears
ran down her cheeks.
Oh, these old habits that we can
never lay asidel One fine day Darzin
court was forced to acknowledge that
he regretted the theater. WVell, yes,
why not? One cannot live on the
boards with impunity and not suffer
from nostalgia. He subscribed to the
town paper, and followed the theatrical
notices written by a young lawyer
clerk who had literary aspirations.
WVhen he read the eulogies on his old
companions his bile rose; besides, they
were playing in roles that he had
filled, lie had hesitated before; he
hesitated no more
One morning hlie abandoned his linen
suit, put on his holidr.y clothes and
sought the director of the theater. The
latter appeared to be surprised at the
visit, and, learning the motive. raised
his hands with a gesture of deprecia-r
tion.
"'What, Darzincourt at his age wished
to reappear?"
And he noticed the comedian stooped
feebly since he had lived in idle exile
and had accumulated a fresh crop of
whiskers. Still the prospect of a fruit
ful evening, on the strength of the
actor's reputation, tempted him, and he
had already formed a plan announcing
the reappearance of the celebrated
Darzincourt.
"WVell, why shouldn't you return to
the stage?" he said.
Radiant with the idea of again filling
this dingy hall with his sonorous
speeches, the old actor began to dis
cuss the piece. lie didn't need any re
hearsals, of course; lie had played the
part so often! With the joy of a child
be sought the costume room, tried on
again the clothes hehad worn more
than a hundred times, requested that a
few changes be made, and passed the
day in consultation with the hair
dresser and costumer of the theater.
Not a wig pleased him; he ordered a
new one. A nervous gayety possessed
him; he could have turned somersaults.
The advertisement produced its effect.
When the time came the hall was
crowded to witness his reappearance,
but the feverish enthusiasm he had
counted on was lacking. lie appeared,
a little applause saluted him, but it
was not continued. The audience be
came apathetic. What! was this the
Parzincourt that had charmed them in
other days? Why, the poor fellow was
grotesque! He felt disconcerted, but
not alarmed. Since his departure they
had missed the fire of the old school of
acting; he would show them what it
was!
The old patrons of the theater whom
he knew uttered little exclamations of
surprise. The newcomers began openly
to ridicule. The rest of the company
sulked and gave Darzincourt his cues
reluctantly, until he began to lose his
assurance little by little. lie stumbled
in a pathetic speech-turned a sentence
into ridicule - the parterre howled.
From that moment every word, every
gesture provoked a tempest.
Darzincourt felt a cold perspiration
gather on his forehead. Around him
in the boxes people were going out,
and he murmured, pale with anger:
"Ingrates! Ingrates!"
At that point in the play where he
was to fall-in a faint after reading the
letter-he could not get up until a ma
chinist was sent to help him. Then the
hisses rose like a storm. Such an op
portunity to have fun was infrequent
in this quiet town, and the crowd set
up an awful racket. But l)arzincourt
persisted, though his eyes were filled
with tears. At last, crushed by his
emotions, he forgot his lines. He
stood with mouth wide open, hearing
no more than the derisive shrieks of
the orchestra or the cat-calls from the
galleries. The failure was decisive;
the play could go no further. Enter
ing his dressing-room the old comedian
tore his hair, reeling like a drunken
man.
"You've put us in a nice box,"
growled the director, who nevertheless
had just pocketed the receipts.
Darzincourt regained his home in a
crushed condition. A whole life of
glory to end in this fatal defeat! Still
dressed he lay down on the bed and re
viewed the horrible evening. No! he
would not allow himself to be beaten.
lie would fight again. Could he leave
the theater forever? Even with its
chagrins and mortifications he had
need of it.
- The handsome Darzincourt of the
past now supplicated and implored the
director; he did not wish to be paid
he only asked to have a small role
given him-a little, a very little role.
From motives ,of economy they ac
ceded to his request; lie was given the
part of a servant and he set out to
study it with all the ardor of a de
butante.
When he came in, letter in hand, the
audience, without reason, except that
of cruel joy, began to sing; "Dar-zin
court-Dar-zin-court" to a popular air.
From balcony to orchestra rang the
derisive sound.
"You see, my poor old man," said the
manager, "you are no longer wanted."
And he, haggard, sinking-having
tasted again the intoxication of the
theater, asked himself in desperation
what was to become of him from the
footlights.
After that he asked only permission
to be a supernumerary-man of the peo
ple, archer of the palace, noble without
importance. lint they recognized him
in the midst of the others, and the pub
lic, accustomed to having amusement
at his expense, filled the hall with
noise and laughter. It was impossible
to allow him to appear now even as a
"supe." The little house at the gates
of the town still smiled beneath its bur
den of clematis and fresh green vines,
but he came there no more.
All his life was bound up in the
theater. He was a martyr of the stagel
He passed his days in a corner of the
wings, having no more the right to
show himself in the evening, however
humbly. lie wasted away, worn by
sadness and longing, wandering about
through the dressing-rooms of the
artists like an old dog whose hunting
days are over, but whom no one will
turn away. One night the manager ap
proached him with a cruel smile.
"Look here," he said, we are going to
put on a new piece. In the third act
the barking of a dog is heard in the
wvings. You be thEdog, will you?'"
Darzincourt.tool his extended hand
in his, trembling with joy, his face
transfigured, as he stammered out his
thanks.
"'A role!" he cried; "I shall have asz
other rolel"-Short Stories.
-The Latest Dodge.-"A queer thing
happened to me the ether night," said
Adolphus. "I was out in the suburbs
five miles away from home and hadn't
a farthing in my pocket'" "IVent home
on Shank's pony. eh?" observed Hein
rich. "No! I pretended to have a fit
and was taken hoine in an- ambulance."
-Berliner lIorsen-Courier.
-The man who has a character that
mud will stick to never feels safe.
Earn's Hmorn.
A SPIDER FARM.
esveral Thousand Living Speelmens Carve
fully Tended In One Room.
Many will be inclined to discredit
the statement that spider-raising is an
established industry in Chattanooga,
and is being successfully conducted by
Ernest Reyber, the proprietor of the
Enterprise bottling works on Cowart
street. Mr. Reyber estimates that be
tween 5,000 and 6,000 of these insects
make their homes in his bottling de
partment, which occupies a large room
probably sixty feet square. The ceil
ing is fairly covered with thousands
upon thousands of little patches of
fibery material, within which the in
sects nest and lay their eggs. At this
season they spend little time in their
nests, but in day time hide in dark,
out-of-the-way cracks and corners, but
in easy command of their woven snares.
Spider-webs are everywhere, span
ning the space between floor and ceil
ing or spread about the machinery, in
front of the window-wherever, in
fact, the busy weavers can find a place
from which to hang their net work.
A big corner of the room is besides
given up to the insects, which have ap
parently divided the space into many
four-walled apartments.
Mr. Reber is a pleasant and intelli
gent talker and a shrewd observer. Illis
fair complexion betokens his Teutonic
descent. Said he: "Those creatures
know more than a great many people.
I keep them because they wage such
constant war on flies, cockroaches and
other such vermin which are very
troublesome to me, and which are at
tracted by the sirups, sugar, etc., used
in the bottling business. A spider
never cares for sweet things nor drops
into my vats or bottles. Flies and
cockroaches are nature's scavengers,
but those spiders watch every one that
appiroaches like hawks, and soon lure
him into their meshes. I never dis
turb them when I can help it, except
to feed them occasionally. They ap
pear to know my call, and will come
when called and crawl upon my hand
or take a fly from my fingers. They
are tame, and have never bitten me,
though I couldn't promise so much to a
stranger. This spider is a hibernat
ing animal and shuts himself up
during the most of the winter in those
little nests you see stack like mud
daubs on the ceiling. When winter
comes I brush away all these webs, for
the spiders prefer to weave new webs
every spring." As a cow must be milk
ed every day this wary and provident
little creature must unravel each
spring the silken fabric that is stored
in its body. lie does not make his ap
pearance till May, when the flies have
laid their eggs and hatched their first
young, else the fly crop would soon
give out. Sleantime the hundreds of
eggs which each female spider laid dur
ing the previous summer and fall have
been going through a process of incuba
tion, and now turn out the older ones
to seek a living for themselves. Mr.
Reyber has encouraged the insects to
harbor in his establishment for two
years past, and finds the spider of such
practical utility as to be almost indis
pensable.-Chattanooga Times.
ONE ON THE COOL CAPTAIN.
The Lisping Lleutenant Finally Gets De
ildedly Even for Past Jokes.
A good story is told by an English pa
per of a lisping officer having been vic
timized by a brother officer (who was
noted for his cool deliberation and
strong nerves), and his getting square
with him in the following manner:
The cool joker, the captain, was al
ways quizzing the lisping officer, a lieu
tenant, for his nervousness, and said
one day in the presence of his company:
"VWhy, nervousness is all nonsense.
1 tell you, lieutenant, no brave man
will be nervous."
"Well, inquired his lisping friend,
"how would you do thpose a thcll with
an inth futhee thould drop itthelf in a
walled angle, in whith you had taken
thelter from a company of tharp
thootherth, and where it wath thertain
if you put out your nothe you'd get
peppered?"
"How," said the captain, winking at
the circle; "why, take it cool, and spit
on the fusee!"
The,party broke up, and all retired
except the patrol.
The next morning a number of sol
diers were assembled on the parade and
talking in clusters, when along came
the lisping lieutenant. Lazily opening
his eyes he remarked;
"I want to try an experiment thith
morning and see how extheedingly cool
the captain can be."
Saying this, he walked deliberately
into the captain's quarters, where a
fire was burning on the hearth, placed
in its hottest center a powder canister
and instantly retreated.
There was but one mode of egress
from the quarters, and that was upon
the parade ground, the road being built
up for defense. Tile occupant took one
look at the canister, comprehended the
situation, and in a molnent dashed at
the door, but it was fastened on the
outside.
"Charley, let me out, if you love me!"
shouted the captain.
"Thpit on the canister!" shouted he
in return.
Not a moment was to be lost. lIe
had at first snatched up a blanket to
cover his egress, but now, dropping it,
he raised the window, and out hr
bounded, sans every thing but a very
short undergarment, and thus, with
hair almost on end, he dashed upon a
full parade ground.
The shouts which hailed him brought
out the whole barracks to see what was
the matter, and thie dignified captain
pulled a sergeant in front of him to
hide himself.
"Why don't you thplt on it'?" in
quired the lieutenant.
Because there were no shampshoot
ers in front to stop a retreat,"' answered
the captain.
"All I've got to thay then. ith," said
the lieutenant, "that you might thafe
ly have done it: for I'll thware there
wathn't a thingle grain of powdcr in
it."
The captain has never spolkem of
nervousness since.-liostonn (;lobe
-If our eyes were better the sRt;:ars
would give us more light. --Iun a
lorn.
RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL
--The public schools of this country
have 369,000 teachers and 1:1,000,000 pu
puils.
-Be not faint hearted in misfortune.
When God causes a tree to be hewn
down, he takes care that his birds can
nestle on another.
-The Presbyterian church asks for
0250,000 to prosecute the work among
the freedmen, which is the same
amount asked by the Methodist Epis
copal church.
-The first Sabbath school was insti
tuted in 1787. There are now in the
United States 108,939 Sabbath schools,
with 8,049,000 scholars. Tile world has
20,078.595 Sabbath school scholars.
-Faith is the hand that lays hold on
Christ; the eye that looks to Christ;
the oar that hears the voice of Christ;
the mouth that feeds on Christ; the
finger that touches Christ; and the key
that unlocks the treasures of Christ.
Rev. F. Harper.
-The sculptor Ephraim Keyser has
been appointed instructor in modeling
at the Maryland institute, Baltimore,
in the schools of art and design. Mr.
Keyser's finest work is an angel of he
roic size designed for the tomb of Pres
ident Arthur. lie has also a "Psyche"
in the Cincinnati Art museum, and he
has made the statue of Gen. de Kalb
for Annapolis.
-Elders James Blrown and Edward
Sudbury have returned t o San Fran
cisco from the Society islands, whither
they were sent as .Mormon missionaries.
"We now have ten missionaries in these
islands," said Elder Sudbury. "The
natives taklce kindly to the Mormon re
ligion, and we are converting them by
hundreds. In some places whole islands
have been converted."
-The Lutheran church naturally has
its largest membership in Germany
32,000,000-but it has also a large mem
bership among those who speak other
languages. For instance, 5,800,000
Swedish. 2,500.000 Norwegian, 2,:300,000
Danish, 2.048,000 Finnish, 1,250,000 Eng
lish, 1,11:1.000 Hungarian, 624 Livon
ian, 480.000 Courlandish, 273 Esthonian,
70,000 French, 70,000 Icelandic, 'and 48,
000 Bohemian.
-It is reported in the Roman Catho
lic papers that the Paulist Fathers are
planning a new aggressive campaign
for the purpose of converting protes
tants to Roman Catholicism. They
say that hitherto the chief effort of the
church has been to make Catholics
more Catholic. Now they must go
direct to Protestants and put before
them the claims of the church and the
need of membership in it.
-The United St;tes were settled by
men who desired to worship God ac
cordinig to their own consciences, yet in
Virginia a hundre-d years ago every
county officer, justice and vestryman
was required to subscribe to this test
oath: "I do declare that there is no
transubstantiation in the sacrament of
the Lord's Supper, or in the elements
of bread and wine, at or after the con
secration thereof, by any person what
soever."
WIT AND WISDOM.
-Guest-Here, waiter, there is a fly
in my coffee. Waiter-That'sall right,
sir: we've got plenty more.-Inter
Ocean.
-Mrs. Potts-Mrs. Flyer called this
afternoon. Jack Potts (absent-mind
edly)-What did you have?-Philadel
phia Record.
"-'Do you call your wife your better
half, 3Mr. Henpeck?" "lBetter half?
1i'm! My friend, she is more than
three-quarters."-N. Y. Press.
-At the 'Mountains.-First Girl
WVhat are you sketching? Second Girl
-A man. First Girl-You must have a
good memory.-Boston Courier.
-"Do you believe in a lucky star?"
"Of course I do. I know one police
man whose beat includes eight fruit
stands and seven saloons."-Indian
apolis Journal.
-1 dreamt I dwelt in marble balls:
I felt at ease, with life content,
rill fancy brought the landlord's calls;
He came, alas, to get the rent.
-Bluffalo Courier.
-"Do you believe Schiller when he
says that the best woman is the one
of whom nobody talks about?" "I
rather think it is the one who talks
about nobody. "-Plaudereklce.
-"I notice that Congressman G.
Swosh talks a good deal about the
farmer in his speeches." "Yes." "Does
he know much about agriculture?"
"Well. I guess he ha5jsnd hay fever."
-Washington Star.
-The man who wagered a lady that
he could thread a needle in less time
than she could sharpen a lead pencil
won in sixteen minutes, at the end of
which time the lady -had whittled up
her pencil.--oston Gazette.
-"Take that back," said the insulted
man. "No, sir," replied the other. "I
never took water in my life." "You
can't tell me that." returned the first
speaker. "'I know better. I used to
supply you with milk."--Vaif.
-WVilson's Suggestion.-Mrs. Ilardy
-(blnarding-hlouse keeper.) -I wish we
could get rid of that young man who is
annoying my daughter with his atten
tion. Mr. WVilson-(boarder)-WVhy not
take him to board?-Yankee Blade.
-First I)Dear Girl-Charlie gave me
such a lovely string of pearls yester
day. It was my birthday, you know.
A pearl for every year. Second Best
Girl--Dear me. Hiow awfully expens
ive!-Philadelphia North American.
-''We could adduce a hundred illus
trations to prove the advantages of
shorthand and the saving of time there
by effected. Only think, gentlemen, it
took Goethe forty years to write his
'Faust'" How many years he might
have saved if he had only known short
bhand. --Dorfbarbier.
-Farmer Medders-Here I been an'
paid fmr a collegeeddication fur ye, an'
what on earth good are ye-ye durned
wuthles., lary. conceited, loafin' dude?
What did ye lnrn to college, anyway?
(lGraduate-'Vcll. this for one thing
(yelling): i!o-plal hoorah! zip! bang:
ninety-three--three-thee! K. M. G. Selah:
Ittrm,'r Medlm'rs (,l-Iightrd-Well, be
gesIsh, a college eddication is wuth
iltuhin'. l'n goin' tir town ter-morrer
t·r 'ceddle vegetahilcs, an' I'll take ye
l0olmg tcr holler.--lharper'a lBaar.
FASHIONS IN GLASSWARE.
White and rale Tints Have DIeplisee the
Deeper Colorings.
Nothing save flowers lends so much
charm to a well-appointed table as
tastefully chosen decanters and glasses.
There is a fashion in this as in all oth
er matters. In regard to coloring the
prevailing taste is ccertainily not in this
direction. Even for hocks white is
often used, and citron and pale green
have taken the place of the old ruby
and deep green.
The revolution in the shape of cham
pagne glasses has apparently proved a
welcome one, for the wide, low glass is
rarely found among the newer pat
terns, and has been almost universally
replaced by the old, tall, narrow shape
familiar to one's childhood. These look
more graceful and are easier to lift
than the others.
Sorbet glasses, too, are coming into
fashion. This is a welcome innovation,
as that particular kind of ice has hith
erto been served in ordinary custard
glasses, which, to the foreigner at
least, must seem rather anamalous.
Engraved glass is still used and very
beautiful designs are seen in a faint or
twisted wave. In this pattern are at
tractive Elizabeth jugs and breakers
mounted in silver, copies of old stone
ware vessels in the South Kensington
museum dated 15600.
'For decorative purposes there are
many novelties in colored glass. The
green Nuremberg glass is very much
pdmired, and is made in many artistic
shapes. It is less expensive than the
English, and of a paler tint. A new
vase for flowers is shaped like a milk
ing stool, and the tall heliotrope-col
pred glasses, ornamented with gilding,
,are very effective. There is also a new
kind of decorative glass which is likely
to become a favorite, though the prices
will be rather high. It is an imitation
of tapestry work enameled in faint old
fashioned colors on fine threaded glass.
There is a great deal to say on the
subject of the management of glass. It
is essential that it should be thoroughly
well cared for, since badly cleaned
plate and dull glass are a disgrace to
any house. Some servants use cold wa
ter, others prefer warm. It should be
remembered that delicate glass will
not stand very hot water. A wooden
bowl is the best vessel to use, and it
should be kept for this purpose only,
and frequently scoured to obviate all
possibilities of greasiness. None but
the softe.it and driest cloths should be
used, and without these it will be im
possible to put a good polish on the
glass.
There are many ways of cleaning
decanters. The habit of using shot is
not to be recommended, as it is apt to
leave atoms of lead adhering to the
glass, but common salt, tea leaves, and,
above all, ammonia, are excellent for
cleansing purposes. All bottles should
be well shaken after being nearly filled
with ammonia, or other material, and
left to stand for a time. After more
shaking, rinse again, till the water re
mains quite clear and set the decanter
upside down on a rack to drain; the
outside can be washed and polished
when the inside is clean and dry. A
final polish can be given with a leather,
and it is a good plan for the servants to
wear a wash-leather glove when put
ting the glasses on the table.-London
Queen.
BABY'S WARDROBE.
Garnments For the Intsnt Haler of the
lHousehold.
.Babv's wardrobe is fairly bewilder
ing in its costly simplicity, lace-trimmed
and hand-embroidered bibs, "booful"
petticoats to wear beneath his wonder
ful bretelled and puffed and collarettemd
dresses, dainty sacks, all embroideredl
on sleeves and collars and revers, and
all the finest of hand needlework, hem
stitching and drawn work.
"P'ink for a boy and blue for a girl"
is a generally accepted dictum, though
why nobody jquite knows, unless a boy's
outlook is so much more roseate that
the girl is fairly tipified by blue. Blut
for those who prefer a departure from
the ordinary, pale green is an excellent
choice, and silver ribbon and silver silk
can be made to add wonderfully to an
outfit. For instance, a cobwebby robe
of drawn work over a slip of silver silk,
with a cap and long cloak to match.
The fancy wrappers and the little
bootees have bows of colored ribbons,
of course. "Baby" ribbons are usedj
for rosettes, and these decorate
the dear little doll - like caps
which fit close to the tiny
heads are the cutest things in the
world. Wadded wrappers are made of
cheese cloth or flannel, but some moth
ers prefer wrappers of eiderdown,
which does not need wadding. Beau
tiful carriage rugs are of eiderdown.
For winter two layers of eiderdown are
bound together with ribbons. Thus a
large rug of white eiderdown will have
a face of blue and a binding of blue
satin ribbon, and on one corner will
be set a gigantic bow of broad blue
satin ribbon. Summer rngs are of one
thickness of eiderdown embroidered
with moss rosebuds or other small
flowers in chenile. Long cloaks are
particularly elegant at present, the
short- caped- much -be-collared- and- be
winged style is most popular, and in it
baby looks like a smaller edition of
mamma. In all and through all is the
idea that fineness and softness are the
two essentials of Master Baby's ward
robe, and all others are subservient-
Chicago Post.
Art at Home.
The subject of lampshades is so far
from being exhausted that designs of
great beauty and often of the most un
looked for oddity have appeared. A
new one of these last is a dolphin which
crosses the middle of the lamp, the
shade portion consisting of plaited silk
paper which represents sea foam coming
from its mouth. A very handsome de
sign shows blue lilies at the top, placed
rery high, and rosebuds running
around the wide plaited paper which
covers the glass chimney.-Chicago
l |nil.
-" Now, remember," said the school
teacher, "t contagios disease is one
i-ou can can eatch." ''"s spanking a
discase?" a.nked lRenay Illoobumper.
*S :N how ridiculousa'" 'Well, I often
c-tch one."
IN THE ELECTRICAL WORLD.
-Lightning recently struck the
British ship Oxford off Cape Hatteras
and ruined every compass on board.
-The Westinghouse company has
perfected a dynano which autonmatical
ly produces just the amount of current
needed for any number of lights with
in the capacity of the machine.
--The telegraph and telephone lines
of Switzerland are owned and operated
by the government. There are 1,411
telegraph offices and 1:-,59-1 telephone
oflices. The profits derived from themn
amount to more than $250,000 yearly.
-A party of eastern capitalists is
visiting tie Grand canyon of Colorado
river to investigate the feasibility of
laying an electric cable 500 miles along
the river, with which to drive small
boats through the Black Canyon and
other scenic points.
-A western inventor is about to take
out a patent on a process for produc
ing aluminum from its oxide, at a cost
much below that of any present elcc
trical process. It is said that by the
new process aluminum can be put on
the market at a price below that of cop
per, bulk for bulk.
--ome 200 'buses of the London Gen
eral Omnibus Company have been fitted
with accumulators for the purpose of
running electric lights at night. Only
one lamp of six-candle power is put
under the center of each 'bus roof, and
the cost of equipping and running each
'bus is about $12 a year.
-The method adopted by an electric
lighting company of London in laying
their connections consists of copper
strips conducted along their entire sys
tem in culverts under ground. A ter
rier has been trained to do this wor:k.
and carries the electric wires thru'ugh
the culverts with the skill of an expe
rienced workman.
-An English medical journal su:
gests that the action of electricity on
lead water pipes may sutticiently im
pregnate the water with lc:ad to causeo
poisoning. Here is a chance for some
experiments with a view to ,letermlin
ing whether water is thus afl'ecteo,. ior
not, under the conditions n,:tnecd. If it
is, it might result in cases of serious ill
ness. the cause of which ordinarily
would be diflcult to determine.
-Artificial miniature auroras of the
borealis variety have been produced by
both De la Rive, the French savant,
and Lenstrom, the Swedish astrono
mer. In PJrof. I.einstroln's experiments,
which were made in Finland. the peak
of a high mountain was surrounded
with a coil of wire. pointed at intervals
with tin nibs. The wire was then
charged with electricity. whereupon a
brilliant aurora appeared above the
mountain, in which spectroscoplic an
alysis revealed the greenish-y.ellow
rays so characteristic in nature's dis
play of "northern lights."
-A German professor, Prof. Braun,
has discovered that if a spiral of wire
be elongated mechanically a current
will be produced in it. The creation of
the current is not due to magnetic or
thermo-electric effects, but is based
upon the fact that the bending of a
wire generates a current in it. The
current generated in a left-handed
spiral has been proven by experiments
to move in a direction opposite to that
of a current developed in a right-hand
ed spiral. Nickel wire is said to b-e the
best for making experiments in this di
rection.
-It is a noteworthy fact that post
mortem examinations have been held
on the bodies of electrocuted criminals
in a very short tinme after they were
shocked. Who, among us all can posi
tively and certainly declare whether
life has left the body after a passage
through it of an electric current? A
shock of 2,000 volts will undoubtteuly
kill some men, and m:ay only s:tun
others. Is there a competent pihysician
who will state upon his honor t hat the
criminals who have been elect rocuted,
in New York state were dead when
they were carried from the chair?
Electrical Review.
-The projectors of the $10.000,000
interior canal, to be built parallel to
the coast of California. count on the
power produced by the flow of the
water from the level of the higher
locks to the lower to do Treat things
in the way of furnishing the territory
opened by the canal with electric light
and power. The canal, say they. will
be 17.5 miles long and will necessitate a
series of immense locks. The surplus
water will be first used to operate ciec
tric generating plants. and will then
be used for the purposes of irrigation.
From the sale of the electricity the
projectors count upon an income which
will do much to help pay interest on
the sum invested and help meet cr
penses. The canal, as planned, will
run from Snisun bay, a little to the
northeast of San Francisco. in a south
easteraly direction down the San .loa
quin valley to Tulare lake and then on
to Bakersfield. Several capitalists have
taken enough interest in the scheme to
look into it, but thus far the money
needed for constructing the canal has
not been raised.
They'd Never Get Through.
Mrs. Strongmind-- Vhy should not
women do all the piano-tuning in the
country? Tell me tlat?
Mrs. DeWVagg-T'hey mnight mana-ge
with uprights, but they would never
get through with the other kinds.
When the lid of a square or a grand is
raised it becomes a mirror.--l'uck.
No Wonder.
"Those anre the finest sausages I ever
ate," said a red-faced man in one of the
German restaurants."
"They ought to be." replied the
waiter. "They have been run through
the machine three times."-Chicago
Herald.
Beat Way Yet.
Rathers--lmpecue has a good scheme
now for getting rid of duns.
Slathers-How does he work it?
Rathers-Paint~s his face in imitation
of smanll-pox and stands at the window
when they come up the steps.-.Judge.
Kidnapnlg.
First Bo3-W1Vhat was that w-oman an
rested for?
Second l;oy-PIer kii-nai'b'ng. -l; ood
New=s
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
-Brandy Peaches.-Pare sir pounds
of peaches, add four pounds of brown
sugar and one quart of white brandy.
IPut all n a stone jar and set in a ket
tle of water and boil three hours
These will keep for years.-Boston
Budget.
-Sauce and lBroiled bleats.-Mix to
gether a little chopped parsley, the
juice of half a lemon, three tablespoon
fuls of butter, pepper and salt. Pour
over meat while hot and place in the
oven for a moment.-Farm, Field and
Fireside.
-Tongue with Capers.-Soak tongue
twelve hours. (Soil in hot water about
ten minutes. Add four carrots, four
small onions, a little parsley-all chop
ped: red pepper, salt and cloves. Cover
with fresh water; boil six hours.-Good
Housekeeping.
--Coloring ice cream-If you wish to
be ornamental you may use beet juice
for coloring. It will give you any
shade of pink desired. Spinach for
green, or a little butter color will make
it a deep cream. These are perfectly
harmless.-Prairie Farmer.
-Oyster fritters-Chop one pint of
oysters. Take one pint of milk, a lit
tie salt and pepper, one small tea
spoonful of baking pow.ler, and flour
enough to make a thin batter. Stir in
the oysters, drop from the spoon in hot
lard or butter and fry a delicate brown.
-For painful sore feet caused by ex
cessive walking. long standing, or con
stant movement, as in the use of the
sewing machine. a dusting powder of
equal parts of precipitated chalk and
tannin. or the tannin alone, will be of
much service. Apply twice daily after
bathing the feet in warm water.
--Scalloped Okra-Slice well-grown
pods of okra in thick slices. Put alayer
in the bottom of a baking-pan. spread
w\ith grated crackers, bits of butter.
suit and pepper: put over another layer
of okra and season: continue until the
dish is full: spread the top with bits of
butter. pour over a teacup of cream,
and set in the stove half an hour.
liarper's liazar.
--1White D)elicate C'ake-U'se three
cupfuls of sifted flour, one and one-halt
cupfuls of sugar, the whites of seven
eggs, one teacupful of sweet milk, two
tablespoonfuls of butter, two good
teaspoonfuls of baking powder and
one teaspoonful of lemon. vanilla or
almond extract. First beat the butter
and sugar together, then add milk,
and eggs well beaten. then add the ex
tract, then three cupfuls of flour in
which the baking powder was sifted.
hIake this in a rather quick oven.
l'rairie Farmer.
-This is an excellent way of using
any cold fish which may be left over
from dinner. F'ree thoroughly from
bones: an:d shred fine enough fish to fill
am pint measure:'add to it one quart of
milk, two eggs, one-quarter of a cup of
flour mixed smoothly with a little milk
which has been reserved from the
quart. Season with pepper, salt and
nutmeg, one-quarter of a teaspoonful
of each. Mix the milk, flour, eggs and
spice smoothly together. Set it over
the tire, and stir until it is as thick as
cream. Put in a deep baking dish al
ternate layers of sauce. fish and bread
crumbs, in the order named. and set in
the ovcin until it is slightly browned.
Very little timue is required, as almost
all the ingredients have been previous
ly c.oked. It is an excellent dish for
breakfast, lunch or tea.-Detroit Free
IPress.
Colors for Auatunn and Winter.
The new autumn color cards show
very many shades in green, all of
which are attractive in tint. Green
will be among plromiincnt colors for the
fall and wvinter. brown in rich, beauti
ful tones being its close rival. Gray
browns are called rossignol. The sil
ver sapphire. peacock and cadet blues
are far lmore promninlent than the navies.
Tlh, hosts upon hosts of navy-blue cos
tumes worn at the world's fair have
given the shade a death-blow regard
ing its popularity with best-dressed
women for somle time to come. Plrin
cesse dress models from Paris ateliers
are made of silver-blue bengaline, bro
cade and faille F'rancaise severally
triiomted with gold and silver passe
menteries. The vest, cuff and collar
are of gold or silver crepe de Chine.
Yellow, particularly for military uses,
wvil le very fashionable in the golden
rod shades, also in canary and maize
tints. l'rimrose, honeysuckle and but
tercup tints are lovely for evening.
The violet and mauve shades are beau
tiful, but exceedingly rare, only three
tones appearing. The mahogany, rose
wood and old cherry dyes reappear
with added blrightness, and some of the
fade "'art" colors are more than ever
dainty and delicate.-Detroit Free
Press.
.Fairy (;ingeorresd.
One cupful of butter, two of sugar,
one of milk, four of flour, three-fourths
of a teaspoonful of soda, one table
spoonful of ginger. leat the buatter to
a cream. Adld the sugar gradually, and
when very light, the ginger, the milk
in which the soda has been dissolved,
and finally the flour. Turn baking
pans upside down and wipe the bottoms
very clean. Butter them and spread
the cake mnixture very thin on them.
Bake in a moderate oven until brown.
\1'hile still hot cut into squares with a
case-knife and slip from the pan. Keep
in a tin box. This is delicious. With
the quantities given, a large dish of
gingerbread can be made. It must be
spread on the Lottom of the pan as thin
as a wafer. and cut the moment it
comes from the oven.-N. Y. Ledger.
How to Preserve Kid Gloves.
If you persist in wearing kid gloves
during hot weather do not, every time
you take them off, make yourself look
like a caricature cherub or cupid by
blowing into them. The air thus ad
mitted does to be sure, dry them and
they are not a hopelessly shrunken
mass of kid when you next attempt to
wear thema. Bet there is a less ob
jectionable way to obtain the same
result. P'ull them off by the wrists,
turning thiem inside out. Let them air
a few minutes, then turn them and put
them away-not folded in a wad, but
stretched at full length in a long glove
bo. .-VulihinLrton Star.