LAFAYETTE GAZETTR
VOLUME I. . LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1893. NUMBER 24
1h m m i I "" ' n - n i no n l umn n • nu n n m mul m m n m nm u n u . .
A SONG OF SUMMER.
Early at the door of day
Dim andi gray.
Lo, the gleami of summer's handl
Reschingtforth a rosy light
O'er the white.
Dewy, dream-efrolded land.
Thel with her last stars goes spring,
Wandering
Down the shadowed west; and, hark!
On the winds a wafted tune
May to June
Sends farewell across the dark.
Suddenly the meadow sbjnee,
And the vines
With their fragrant rubles throng!
Sum"rerl Happiest of words
To the birds
In ti- grove's green house ofi
Bubbling fount of metody,
Every tree
Sprays the morn with music sweet%
And the buds for June's dear sake
Haste to break
Into bloom around her feet.
Slag the nymphs in sylvan nooks
With the brooks
Silver strings of nature's lute.
And, where sweet the clover grows
Piping goes
Pan, with Echo in pursuit
Higher soars the sun until
Vale and hill
In the morn's full beauty gleam;
Every golden asmn unfurled.
Glides the world
Down the firmament's blue strean!
All the land Is lit with love;
And above.
Love sets all the skies aflame;
June!--and quick the love-fires start
In the heart.
Kindled with her whispered name!
-PFrank Demplter Sherman, in Christian
Union.
iet
I ([Copyright, 1898, by
I enedlct Patpot.]
HE illustrious
Hollander, Ad
miral Ruyter,
kept in his parlor, in the place of honor,
the humble dress he wore as a ship
boy. Pope Sextus V. wore inlaitt in
the pontifical golden cross the last cent
which a charitable passer-by had given
him when, in his childhood, he was
herding swine. lMarius Balochard dis
played on the mantel-piece of his din
ing-room a magnificent frame of violet
velvet in which appeared a silver five
franc piece.
lialochard, who now was settled in.
Paris, at the head of a large dry goods
establishment which he managed with
his partner Bourdalin-Blalochard, the.
happy husband and the kind father,
the possessor of a great fortune, and
who enjoyed the consideration of his
neighbors-had begun his career in a,
very humble way.
Having come from Marseilles, at
twenty years of age, with the avowed
intention of conquering Paris, he suec
ceeded without too much difficulty in
obtaining a situation as clerk in the
Magazins du Louvre at a salary of
eighteen hundred francs a year.
There he found time to do two
things; to become intimate with a fel
low clerk working at the same counter,
and to fall in love with Mile. Estelle
Becot, the daughter of Mme. Becot,
who owned a large dry goods store in
the Rue des Petits-Champs. Boardalin
belonged to the race of fashionable
clerks. When evening came, he dressed
elegantly and went to the clubs. As
for Balochard, he invariably spent his
evenings wandering under his Dulcina's
balcony and watching through the
lighted shop windows the desk behind
which he already saw himself sitting
by Estelle's side
Things went on so for quite awhile;
then on a certain day Marius thought'
that there was no reason why a clerk
from Marseilles could not aspire to the
hand of a Parisian, even if she were
rich; and on a fine Sunday he ventured
to call and state his aspirations. Ahi
good reader, what a repulse! He was
almost kicked out of the door!
lie hastened to relate his sorrows to
his friend Biourdalin; but the latter
was himself in an absolutely lugubrious
state of mind. He had lbst three thou
sand francs the day before in a club,
where, on account of his fine appear
ance, he had enjoyed some credit, and
had not the first cent to pay it with.
The contact of two misfortunes in
creases both. The friends already were
talking about rope, revolver and char
coal, when Bourdalin had an inspira
tion. There was still one glimmer of
hopejleft to them. One of his friends
from Bordeaux had just won thirty
thousand francs at Monaco. Why
could they not have the same uInck?
Yes, by the way, why not? Could
not a Marseillais and and an Arlcsien
beat the bank when a simple~Bordelais
had, single handed, got the best of it to
the tune of fifteen hundred louis?
They called in all the money they
could, they borrowed, they invented all
* kinds of stories to get cash from their
families, and at last they succeeded in
collecting eight hundred franes.
Provided with that amount, and with
leave for a week's absence, the two
friebds took the train and landed the
Snext morning at Monte Carlo. It had
been agreed that each one should take
half of the capital and that they would
operate separately; after that they
would share the proflts.
Byovirtue of this agreement, Bourda
lin and Balochard made oinly one jump
from the train to the Casino, and im
mediately took their places, one at a
roulete table, the other at a table of
treante - st - uaran*e. Fortune greeted
them with her most gracious smile At
seven o'clock they met again; one with
twenty thomsand franes, the other with
sixteen thousaid. They wisely resolved
to be satisfied with thattand with joy
oens hearts went to the hotelmand treated
themselves-to a dhinner.
e one ~ one effet of%
b~iia~lL evs·him
-C ·
assume a rosy hue. Balochard and
Bourdalin would not have changed
places with the sultan of Turkey.
They made great sport of the bank
the good old thing--who had let them
rob her of thirty thousand francs. And
they discussed the use they would make
of the amount.
One thing only bothered them.
Eighteen thousand francs each; that
was not a round sum. An even twenty
would have answered much better.
One thing led to another, and eventu
ally the two fellows, who were very
gay, decided by common accord to go
and take four more thousands from the
good-natured bank.
Having shared the money they en
tered the gambling hall again.
Bourdalin again took his place at
trente-et-quarante But the bank defend
ed herself, and so well that she com
pletely routed Bourdalin. At the end
of an hour the unfortunate was abso
lutely penniless.
"Fortunately," thought he, "'Balo
chard has his share."
lie rose and went to meet Balochard.
He saw him coming toward him. Both
met and spoke the same sentence:
"Hand me three thousand francs!"
Then followed a moment of stupefae
tion. Both searched feverishly through
their pockets. Every time they found
a piece of money the35 put it in a bat.
They counted up. There were four
francs and fifty centimes.
Impossible to make up the necessary
"minimum" of a hundred sous which
appeared to them as a symbol of hope.
With rage and despair in their souls
both remained standing, propounding
the same question without hope of an
answer:
"Where could we borrow ten sous?"
Suddenly Balochard had an inspira
tion."
"WVait for me here," he said.
lie went out, remaining away five
minutes, and came back twisting a five
franc piece between his fingers and un
der the nose of his stupefied companion.
Without stopping, without giving his
friend any explanation, he went to a
roulette table. The ball- had just been
spun. He threw the piece on number
19. Number 19 won.
When the Casino closed, the five
franc piece had multiplied: they had
eighty thousand francs. As they came
out, half crazed by these alternatives
of joy and of despair, Balochard was
seen to look carefully into the dark
ness.
"What are you looking for?" asked
Bourdalin.
"Why! I am looking for the police
man, of course. Heavens! He is gone!"
"What are you talking about? What
policeman?"
"That's so! 1 did not tell you. You
do not suspect the way in which I pro
cured these blessed five-francs. See,
this lucky five-franc piece, which I
have laid aside-"
"No, you did not. By the way, how
did you manage?"
"It's shameful, my dear feliw. I
asked the policeman on duty: 'My
friend, have you a five-franc piece for
some change?' He answered: 'Yes,'
and handed me the coin. I took it and
delicately placed in his hand the four
francs and fifty centimes. While he
was counting I went, up the stoop. I
was at the top when he shouted to me:
.FEVERISHLY SEARCHING THEIR POCKETS.
'Why, sir, there is only four francs and
a half!' Then I took my most imposing
tone, and replied: 'It does not matter,
my friend.' I left him bewildered and
came in. And now, we must find him
for we are going to give him his re
ward."
"Of course! Good policeman!"
They had to seek for a long while,
but they were successful, and tU good
policeman, who thought. he hMbeen
"done" out of ten sous, was very much
astonished when he received from un
known parties ten sons and a large
bonus '.
As for Balochard and Bourdalin, they
both bought an interest in Mmme Becot's
house. Balochard married Estelle.
And when his children ask him for the
signification of that five-frane piece so
luxuriously framed, he replies to them:
"That's what I began with. See
where work and economy may lead
you!"
A Costly Bluff.
A landed proprietor from the German
provinces was staying not long ago at
a hotel in Berlin. He got into con
versation with the landlord one
evening, and they talked of the hard
ness of the times.
"It seems to me," said the visitor.,
"that the Berlin people have got no
money left," taking from his pocket, as
he spoke, a bulky purse, from which he
took a couple of bank notes, twisted
them into a spill and calmly lit his
cigar. Boniface and the other people
present stared at him in open-mouthed
amzament
SA few hours afterwards camen the
time of the visitor's departure." Once
mote he took out his purse, this time in
order to pay his bill. He counted
through his notes, and suddenly turned
white, and then red. He found himself
still in poussession of a score of flash
notes, which he kept for the purpose of
playing practical jokes; bruthlad lit
his cigar with the only two nine
notes he had with himl--London FS'o.
-"Did he marry the girl who could
paint things on crockery ware?" "No;
he married on.gwho could cook things
to put-into - 1orlrker wam."--. Y.,
FARM AND GARDEN.
HOUSE FOR HOGS.
KI Has ovable Partitles nan Corn Crtbs
Under same Roof.
The illustration presented herewith
shows the plan of the interior of my
hog house. In addition to sheltering
pigs it has two cribs for corn. The
building is 86x48 feet, and is divided as
follows: Two feeding floors, 2 corn
cribs, an alley way and two rows of pig
pens. . The feeding floors, F L, are 8x48
feet. The alley, A, is 4 feet wide and
runs the full length of the building,
separating the two. rows of pens and
the corn cribs. The cribs, C B, are 8x16
feet and. arranged so grain can be
thrown from them into the alley, for
feeding in the trqughs or, upon the
feeding floors when wanted there. Pens
for pigs are shown at P in the cat.
They are divided by movable partitions,
represented by the dotted lines in the
figure, into pens 4x8 feet. The door at
the rear of each of them opens on the
feeding floor. Movable partitions can
be made and placed across these floors
dividing them into apartments 4x8 feet
the same as those at P. With this ar
rangement, opening the door at the
rear and putting in a movable partition
makes a pen 4x16 feet, or, by taking
some out, pens 8x16, 16x16 or even
FL
i i iP-i : I CR
I Ii o.
FL
PLAN Fon A HOo HOUSE.
larger ones-can be made. They can be
built solid board or open, of fence
board to suit the convenience. They
are held in place by nailing cleats to
the wall or posts and having them fit
into the groove.between. It is well to
have a wooden pin stuck in above the
top of the panel at each end, to keep
the pigs from raising it. Fasten the
pegs to the post or wall with leather or
twine strings about a foot long, so they
will not be lost. These partitions are
light, being only 8 feet long, and can be
readily put in place or removed. Drive
two spikes or strong pegs into the stud
ding at the rear of the feeding floor and
hang the partitions on them when not
in use. Place troughs, for feeding
swill or other food, in the ends of the
pens next to the alley, A. The feeder
can give the pigs in each division just
the amount of food he wants them to
have without leaving the alley.
Orange Judd Farmer.
FEEDING PROFITABLY.
It is a Business to Be Conducted on Bust
ness Prlaciples.
The feeding of stock both during
growth and to properly finish for mar
ket should be done on business princi
ples. The amount of feed requir ed to
make a pound of gain should be known
as well as the manner of combining the
different materials so as to form the
best returns to secure the purpose for
which it is being given.
It is necessary to know what it costs
to grow an animal for market, and this
can only be known by knowing the
value of the pasturage and feed given.
Get the cost of properly fitting an
animal for market, and it is compare
tively easy when it is sold to know
whether or not it has returned a fair
profit.
So long as there is so much variation
in the results secured in feeding we can
hardly determine which is the best
course to follow in feeding. While much
has been gained in reference to im
proved methods of feeding, yet there is
much variation as regards the rations
that will secure the bestresults.
Of course, in summer grass can be
made the principal ration, especially
with nearly or quite all growing ani
mals. But in many cases, and es
pecially when it is desired to push the
growth, something in addition must be
supplied. There are few farmers that
can make up the ration that will be the
very best that can be supplied.
In fattening, the farmer that has
plenty of corn will feed it almrost ex
clusively. Another will fee. middlings,
not because he believes middlings are
best, but because he has not the corn,
and concludes it is cheaper to buy
middlings than corn. The same holds
good with nearly all kinds of materials
used for feeding stock, and with all
classes of animaJs a ration is given, not
because it is known to be the best for
the purpose to be secured, but because
it is most convenient. A better
knowledge about feeding would not
only lessen the risk of loss, but in very
many cases would increase the profits.
The man who knows how to feed,
not only as to the best quantity, but
the best rations, will be able under
nearly all conditions to realize the
best profits; and, while much may be
learned from others, there is nothing
that will equal our own careful ex
periences.-Prairie Farmer.
POULTRY PIOKINGS.
To HAvE nice chickens give them
plenty of room.
ONze grain Of powdered opium given
every four hours will check diarrhoea
in matured chickens.
So NOT use hlme on the floor of the
poultry house. It generates ammonia
from the droppings.
IF you fail with a good incubator do
not blaska the incubator, for the incu
bator has paved a success.
AsarceTnas is used by some as a
preventive of gapes and other diseases.
It is put into wnter and the water is
used.
IT is a good plain to shut the poultry
out of the house and generously
sprinkle it with kerosene oil Jf the
house is shut up all summer th@kero.
aene will kill all lnaeot,--~F~rer.
Voeiti
FACTS ABOUT PIGEONS.
Mew te so eeesa.a Is fassIng the
Feathered Arlstoersts.
There are some kinds of aristocracy
in this world which display too much
human nature as far as companionship
or social intercourse is concerned, but
included among these are certainly not
those charming creations whose robes
are of feather instead of broadcloths or
silks, but whose blood is as blue as the
bluest, and whose pedigrees are as long
as the longest. Companionship with
pigeons, the feathered aristocrats,
brings one into a kind of society that is
very real and makes no pretense of be
ing other than it is.
To find the origin of pigeon breeding
one would have to go far back into past
ages Variety after variety has been
produced. Varieties have been made to
take on many peculiarities of form and
color. Doctors, lawyers, preachers,
statesmen and men in all other profes
sions and walks of life have been most
eager admirers and breeders of these
feathered beauties. The interest be
stowed upon the pigeon fancy has been
very great. Fabulous sums have been
expended for single specimens of a par
ticular variety, and years have been
spent in mating and breeding these
birds to secure a coveted characteristic.
The greatness of this work and the suc
cess which has attended it can be well
understood if one makes a visit to a
pigeon exhibition and notes the almost
infinite number of varieties that now
exist, and the very great diversity
among &hem in color and form.
The beginner in pigeon keeping
should visit one of the many poultry
exhibitions. Here will be seen the tall
and stately pouter, with his enormous
protuberance of breast, making a bal
loon of himself with his curious power
of inflating the air sacs near the lungs.
A most interesting bird is the pouter.
but hardly suitable for a beginner's
loft. Here also will be seen the dainty
turbits, the owls, the tumblers and a
host of others, but to my mind the
most satisfactory stock for a beginner
to put in his newly-made pigeon loft
would be either the fantails or the
IGo. 1.-'IGEON LOFT, WITH LOW, WIDE
WINDOW.
Jacobins. These are among the easiest
to raise and possess, withal, so many
points of beauty and of interest that
one would net go astray were he to
choose either, or both, varieties, for two
different classes of pigeons can be kept
in the same loft without any mixing of
the varieties, but more satisfactory re
sults will be obtained itf only one
variety is chosen, at least in the begin
nie fans are so called because of the
enormous spread of their tails which
look for all the world like the tails of
turkey cocks when in the midst of
their most pompous strutting. No
more attractive sight could well be
imagined than a collection of white
fantails wheeling through the air and
alighting on the green turf, with heads
drawn back over their bodies, their
tails spread to their fullest extent, and
uttering the soft cooing notes of which
which only pigeons are capable. With
the fans, as with almost all other
varieties, there are numerous subdivi
sions differing in color alone, but the
white and yellow colors are most com
monly to be seen. When, however, one
leaves the white color he can hardly
expect his birds to have perfect uni
fortuity of color in their plumage, as
some will be of a lighter shade than
others, or some other point of color dif
ference may be presented. The white
fans, therefore, being so beautiful in
themselves, and breeding so true to
color, are to my mind preferable as a
choice for a beginner.
The Jacobins have an even more cu
rious characteristic as to feathering
than the fantails. The feathers of the
neck are long and part in a more or
less distinct line around the throat, one
part turning upward and forming a
FIG. 9.-PIoEON LOFT, WITH ARCHEID
WINDOW.
distinct ruff around the head, which
nearly conceals it. The other part lies
down smoothly over the shoulders.
Many buildings have unoccupied roof
chambers. One end of these can be
partitioned off and a very desirable
pigeon loft thus obtained. A window
must be placed in front, and, outside, a
landing board for the pigeons to light
upon. If a simple window is used it
should be low and wide (Fig. 1), and
be placed very near the floor, so that 1
the birds may readily get the sunshine,
as they hunt for grain in the littered
straw upon the floor, without going
out into the cold air of winter days.
An arched window (Fig. 2) is partincu
larly attractive in these roof chambers
when one's resources permit the extra
expense necessary to secure one, but
the rectangular shape will give just as
goodresults. If the roof slopes down
to the very floor, a low partition should
be put in on either side. Pigeons al
ways mate in pairs and remain so
mated, so each pair must be provided
its own roosting perch and nesting
bowl of earthenware. It is convenient
also to have a row of cages made of
slats in which to shut up a pair, or in
which to place the male bird, if he
shows signs of a tyrannical abuse of his
position, as head of the family, as he
sometimes Boes during the brooding 1
season. Full directions for the care of
these beautiful pets cannot be given in
a short article, but let anyone begin
with a few birds and he will soon learn
by experience what to do and how to '
do it.-Webb Popuql in AIorican Ag
rignitarstmu
ALL IN GOOD TIME.
wih Demoeratle Ad ia satiute Wll Per
torm Its Daty Walthflty cad WelL
Ever since the crushing defeat in
licted on McKinleyism last fall a few
journals have been insisting that the
democratic party Is bound by its plat
form and pledges and its commission
from the people to an immediate re
form of the tariff aceerding to the ex
treme principles of free trade. It is
what Mr. Samuel Weller would call a
"cohincidence" that these same quick
Interpreters of party duty and popular
will, whether republican or democratic,
have heretofore been stiff protectionists
and persistent preachers of the doctrine
that the tariff is our sole defense
against industrial servility and the pau
perizing of American labor.
WVhy this sudden facing about? Is it
the result of a genuine conversion, or is
democratic rule so hateful to them that
they are willing to purchase its over
throw by legislation which, they hon
estly believe, means detriment and dis
aster to the country? As the demo
cratic party did not heed them when
they sought to arrest its progress
towards the goal of commercial free
dom, so it will not be led by them when
the obstacles to that progress have been
forcibly swept aside. It will make its
triumphal march under its own wise
and conservative leaders and by such
stages as shall make its victory a per
manent reform and not a violent revo
lution.
As Mr. Cleveland said in accepting
the nomination, it is neither a destruc
tive party nor does it propose to tdler
ate any tariff legislation that has for
its object a forced contribution from
the earnings of the masses to swell di
rectly the accumulations of a few.
It understands that after four years
of republican extravagance and pen
sion profligacy we shall have to collect
from the American people for some
years to come larger annual amounts
than were ever collected from any
other people by methods having any
claim to be called taxation. It will
strive to place the burdens where there
is knost strength to bear them and
where they will weigh most lightly
on the production and trade of the
country.
It understands that the best and the
only way under free government to
protect labor is to free from taxation
the materials with which it works, thus
insuring for its products the wider mar
kets which mean both steady employ
ment and good wages. It understands
that commerce is not war in which
there is a victor and a vanquished, nor
yet gambling in which there is a win
ner and a loser, but a mutually bene
ficial transaction in which both parties
get the largest returns for their labor
and all share in the advantages of each.
It knows that whatever increase of
imports may come through lower du
ties must necessarily carry with it an
increase of exports, the products of
American labor, and that with the en
terprise and keen trading of our people
every dollar's worth of home product
sent out will bring us in return a dol
lar's worth of foreign products, with a
good profit to boot.
Tariff reform, therefore, as the duty
now set before the democratic party
looks to results-to permanent and
beneficent results, reached through ad
herence to correct principles. It does
not propose a sentimental chase after
free trade regardless of present condi
tions and interests, nor, on the other
hand, will it fear free trade wherever,
in the ordinary pursuit of sound policy,
it may overtake it. It looks to the
liberation of what are known as raw
materials from the taxes which throt
tle production at its source and thus
rob labor of employment; to such
moderate rates on finished products,
levied for revenue purposes, as will
insure and make possible honest com
petition, but not monopoly in our own
markets; to such higher duties on lux
uries as will draw bountifully to the
treasury from the abundance of the
rich. And it especially looks to such
vigorous and thqrough simplification of
our tariff laws as will relieve foreign
trade from the snarls and pitfalls
which beset the approaches to the cus
tom houses and bring penalties and
litigation to the honest as often as to
the dishonest importer.
These are great reforms. They will
reverse and undo the vicious practices
of thirty years. They may not all be
attainable in a few 'months or by a
single bill, but they are the reforms
which the people wished and com
manded when they returned the demo
cratic party to power, and it is now the
duty of that party, as we believe it is
its honest desire, to set about their ac
complishment, not precipitately and
blindly, but without haste and without
rest.-N. Y. World.
COMMISSIONER PECK.
DIsgraceful Endlnlg of a Great Repub
Ilean 8enestion.
Labor Commissioner Peck, who be
trayed his trust and got up a lot of
traudulent statistics for the use of the
republican national campaign commit
tee last fall, is finding out that the
way of the transgressor is hard. When
he was waited on during the campaign
by a-committee armed with authority
to investigate his alleged statistics he
burned the original returns so that his
forgeries should not be diseovered. At
firsthe denied that he had destroyed
the documents, but when the fact was
brought home to him he said they were
not state papers and he could do what
he liked with them. He was arrested
and indioted, but again set up the plea
that they were not state papers. The
New York courts have decided that the
destroyed papers belonged to the state
and as soon as the decision was an
nounced Peck threw up his job and fled
the country to escape the penitentiary.
Unfortunately the forged statistics re
mamn as part of the state ppers in New
York, and when the facts of the for
gery are forgotten they may mislead
honest inquirers into the condition of
labor and wages in the Empire state in
the beginning of the last decade of the
nineteenth century.--Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
----ov. MeKinley's Napoleonic poses
will hardly distract attention tmrom the
fact that he voted for the SBherapa law.
-N, Y. Weald.
STUPID POLITICIANS.
eot aspersntmIe of PetsRant Bepmalesa
alseonteats.
There .is a good deal of solid. work
able stupidity in politicians of all par
ties, despite the progress that has been
made in the last dozen years. Gov. Mc
Kinley, for instance, has learned noth
ing by his experiences since he was
chairman of the committee of ways and
means in the house of representatives.
He has started in on his long and
tedious canvass of the state of Ohio, on
the lines that he has followed to defeat
over and again since those days of brief
and illusory triumph. He still will
have it that his tariff is not only benefi
cent but popular, that it must not be
changed except in the direction of
higher protection,'that all the ills the
body politic is heir to are due to the
democratic party, and that the larger
part of the voters of the United States
are little better than fools led by men
little better than knaves. Like Mr.
Beecher's dog, who barked himself to a
state of exhaustion at the mouth of
the hole from which the woodchuck had
long before escaped, the governor's
voice gives out the same vain, monot
onous notes, and will continue to do so
until November.
On the other hand, in the democratic
party there is a little faction of dis
gruntled politicians who set out some
eight years ago with the notion that
the American people would never tol
erate democracy unless it was thickly
veiled in protectionist notions. They
have seen protectionist notions carried
out to their logical conclusions by the
republican party, they have seen them
rejected at a national election which,
for the first time in a third of a century,
placed the democratic party in power
in e9ery branch of the national govern
ment, and they have seen Mr. Cleve
land's manly honesty and candor ap
proved by the most striking popular
victory won by any presidential candi
date since the war. .Jut they cling to
their superstition that protection is
still the policy most firmly upheld by
the American people. And since they
cannot forgive Mr. Cleveland for hav
ing made their gloomy predictions
ridiculous, they are now seeking to em
barrass him by calling upon him to de
mand a sweeping reduction of the
tariff, without regard to the necessities
of the treasury-cherishing the fond
hope that in this way they can arouse
against him the popular protectionist
prejudice in which they continue to be
lieve. They also, like the McKinleys
of the other side, have learned noth
ing, and keep up their tiresome bark
ing before the empty hole.
But while politicians, whose business
it is to know what the people really
wish, manifest this persistent stupidity,
the great body of the people of the
United States are guided by common
sense. Just now they are not worry
ing themselves much about protective
tariff legislation, and still less about
partisan politics. The future is a little
doubtful to all, and to some gloomy.
There is time enough to think of legis
lation when congress meets and par
tisan politics can wait even longer.
But when occasion arises it will be
found that public opinion is definitely
settled as to two things--one, that the
merely protective element shall be
cleaned out of the tariff as rapidly and
thoroughly as circumstances will per
mit, and the other that the require
ments of revenue shall be duly consid
ered and provided for. And for these
things they will trust the president
and congress.-N. Y. Times.
POINTS AND OPINIONS.
-The wisest republicans of Ohio
realize that Foraker has a knife in his
boot for McKinley - and a scalping
knife at that.-Detroit Free Press.
-It would seem to be sufficient time
for the republican party to establish
headquarters after it shall have scared
up a few more voters.-N. Y. World.
- The McKinley convention's in
dorsement of the last republican nation
al administration was a pretty tribute
to the dead.--Cleveland Plain Dealer.
-Mr. Cleveland has long had the
confidence of the people, and he has in
augurated a policy of reciprocity. On
all important questions he doesn't hesi
tate to take the people into his confl
dence.-Albany Argus.
-Some of the republican organs of
the country are crying aloud to have
the postal service lifted entirely out of
politics. They may be the advocates
of a good movement, but what were the
g. o. p. managers doing for thirty years
that they did not effect the reform?
Detroit Free Press.
- Ex-Senator Edmunds, formerly
republican leader in the United States
senate, is unalterably opposed to the
annexation of Hawaii. He favors no
nearer union than that of the closest
treaty relations. This is rather an em
barrassing thing for those republican
organs that are denouncing the policy
which declhned to gobble up the islands
without any consideration of the ad
verse rights involved.-Detroit Free
Press.
-Ex-Labor Commissioner Peck, of
New York, whose fraudulent report
was the main reliance of the reputblican
protection campaign last year and who
has fled to Europe to escape trial, will
act as correspondent of a protection
newspaper syndicate. Perhaps our re
publican friends over in Ohio knew of
this when they assured us the other
day that the issue of protection was to
be as much alive as ever.--Louisville
Conrier-Journal.
----The endeavor of the administra.
tion to use the consular service to pro
mote the export trade of the United
States is already bearing fruit in ree
ommendations of our consuls that
American shippers ttudy more closely
foreign trade customs, which are being
set forth with great psartienlarity in
consular reports. Turkey especially at
the present time offers an inviting field
for American manufacturesof grist mill
machinery, owing to certain changes
in the tax laws of that country. For
eign manufacturers with inferior ma
chinery we may be sure will hasten .t
take advantage of this opportunit ,
and now that this country has been
notified it will be the fault of our own
manufactnurers if they bti to do a,,
rAlbWa Argns.
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
-The prince of Wales sent an order.-,
through his bankers for $1,500 worth of
flowers to be used in decorating 8t
George's church, New York, on Eastes'
days. The prince has long been an ad'
mirer of the pastor, Dr. Rainsford.
-Perhaps it is of interest and not,:
generally known that the word "Be-'
voir," the name of President Clever
land's new summer home in the stab.
urbs of Washington, is the name of a
famous English castle, Belvoir astle,
the seat of the duke of Rutland. It is
L pronounced there "Beaver."
-Edmund Law Rogers, of Baltimore,
recently exhibited before an assembly
of dentists a complete set of false teeth
that had been worn by George Wash
ington. The base plates were of lead
and perfectly flat. Some of the teeth
were of ivory and others had been ex
tracted from a living person.
-Kaiser Wilhelm is now said to pass
a good deal of time wondering about
IBerlin in disguise. He is reported to
have gone through the Hebrew quarter
of the city recently in the guise of a
Hebrew peddler and to have discussed
the condition of the Hebrews with a
great number of the working class of
the race.
-Count Leo Tolstoi says he enter
tains a general dislike to all poetry, for
the reason that the effort to conform to
the laws and rules of versification pre
vents one from giving a clear, intelli
gent and comprehensive expression to
one's thoughts, and that he regards
verse as, generally, the production of
literary wantonness, -literary frivolity
and literary insolence.
-Miss Mary Proctor, of St. Joseph,
Mo., who is the eldest daughter of the
late Prof. Richard A. Proctor, the emi
nent astronomer and scientist,who died
of yellow fever in 1889, is endeavoring
to raise funds to purchase a suitable
lot and monument in Greenwood oeme
tery, Brooklyn,where her distinguished
father is at present buried in a bor
rowed grave that is thoroughly neg
lected.
--Mrs. Philip Hamilton, widow of the
youngest son of Alexander Hamilton,
who died recently in Poughkeepsie, N.
Y., in her eightieth year,was the eldest
daughter of Louis McLane, of Dela
,were, minister to England under Pres
ident Jackson. She had two sons, Dr.
Allan McLane Hamilton, of New York,
and Capt. Louis Hamilton, of the
Seventh cavalry, U. S. A., who was
I killed while leading a charge under
Custer.
-Mrs. Ellen M. Mitchell, of Boston,
has made a special study of Dante, and
has delivered a course of lectures be
fore the university of Denver and else
where on this subject. She is the
author of a work called "A Study of
Philosophy," dealing chiefly with Greek
philosophy, and is one of the little
group of Hlegelian students of this
country-the school of thought of
which Prof. VWilliam T. Harris is one of
the most prominent members.
-Capt. James B. Hatch, of Spring
field, Mass., one of the few surviving,
old salts of the palmy days of the
American merchant marine, and now
seventy-seven years old, was on the
ship with R. H. Dana when he made
his voyage describe in "Two Years Be
for the .Mast." Capt. Hatch figures in
the book as "Mr. H." He says of the
book: "I think the things he says are
true, but he stretched them so as to
make them read well. He especially
stretched the truth when he made him
self out to be a good seaman, for he
was only a boy without much experi
ence."
HUMOROUS.
-"Well, my boy, how do you find
yourself?" "I don't," answered the de
tective, with an air of offended dignity.
-Indianapolis Journal.
-All a Dream.-Mr. Bill-"I dreamed
I was in Heaven last night." Mrs. B.
-"And dreams always go by contra
ries, dear."-Detroit Free Press.
--Mrs. Snipp-"Young man, will
this ticket take me to Chicago?"' Tick
et Agent-"No, ma'am, but that train
outside will."-Ramond's Monthly.
-Old Lady (anxiously)-"Does this
train stop at Liverpool?" Guard-"Well,
if it don't, ma'am, you will see the big
gest smash-up you ever heard of."-Tit
Bits.
-A Natural Query.-Briggs-Did
you hear that Winger had married the
president of a cooking school?" Gaiggs
-"No. Where does he get his meals?"
-Truth.
-"Col. Bloodyfield's old war traits
still cling to him." "How so?" "I
dined with him last night, and he gave
the waiter no quarter."-Philadelphia
Record.
-"Dr. Boggles seems to be a very
prominent man in this community,"
said the visitor "Yes," replied the host,
"'he's one of the pillers of society."'-
Washington Star.
-A Mistake Somewhere.-Willis
(lighting a cigar)-"As a rule, the last
half of a cigar is always bad." Wal
lace-"Thtn you must be smoking that
one backward."-Brooklyn Life.
- At the Knickerbocker Club. -
Cholly-"I heahd a speakah say lawst
night that theah is nothing noblah
than being a man." Chappie-"How -
beastly vulgawl My man is all right
as a seh vant; but as foh his being noble
-Bahl"-Puck.
-Superintendent--"You want a job
driving one of our street sprinklers-.
eh? Everhad any experience?' A
plicant-"No, but-" "But wbati."
"Everybody tells nre I'm so bi I ''
can't see a street' crossing ten fet .
away and-" "That'll dos Comse 'wotdi
in the morning and take out the bl
gest sprinkler we own." -.i .
Courier.
-Five-year-old Frances hal
spending an afternoon with a .
friend. Whenshe returned hd ei
found another little friend there
oqdeqetorisither,"Uthel
" waisM Frances to the
., reerering to the one a
dalling bpo~. " yWhby aet
mlbq eamowh ss.saiu.
~hboesa ~kr ch
.~se '