the
" ,ah sur planters ofec and
SX live
for
; tbe iofsal $l- se
iod tevefy-days the pr od
"' tcvatf sugar planters of Pal
that if they want to j sin
an party they must do see
; inmj t, `every-day folks or ver
Sti
they may stay out. If they
- O put oa airs, they need mot t
'k at the door for admittance.
as says he is happy to welcome sUp
-,'' ~.a the fold of the grand old
but they must come in like of
thers, with one purpose and
3.ctuated by that same noble senti- er
maTent that moved the beloved Pack- ro
atrd on to heroic deeds in behalf of
`: t.olired brother, they must
a. c Ethat rove for the colored sister no
- that overflowed" the sympathetic
-heart of Wm. Pitt Kellogg when .he
field in his artns some blossoming
but unfr'agrant daughter of Ham, no
enjoying the maze of the dance and of
keeping time to the discordant notes
-:f the nigger banjo. - All these
things the negro ex-senator would
have the planters do. Judge Marks
argued that it would be the best
policy to extend a coadial welcome
- to the converts and solicit their aid,
-counsel and boodle for the approach- Ija
. ing fight, but Demas would not have
i jt so, and it was not so. The Sec- Cc
ond Congressional District Com
nmittee decided to let the planters
-- pursue the even tenor of their way, D
and they, unhindered by the infus- R
Sion, of too much respectability, will So
continue to do business at the old C
stand in the same old fashioned way C
taught them years ago by the Waxr
moths, the Kellaggs and others
As it is now, there are not enough th
ffiQces to go around, and as the
wily Demas k*s a .thing or two
about politics arid the disposition of A
the  average white Rep an, he la
wisely conclhded that it would be
worst than folly to increase the
number of office-seekers without any
hope of increasing the number of
offices. it
After this patent illustration of v
the power of the negro in Louisiana a
politics the favorite claim of the b
bolters that the negro is politically r
dead will decieve no one with a i
thimble-full of brains. If the ne
gro is no more a factor in our poli- t
. tics, and if there is no danger of
negro rule why do the bolters" ex
press their intention to stand by the
Democratic party in State and lo
cal matters. If the ascendency of r
the Republican party does not mean
the ascendency of the black man
why don't those who believe in the
protective doctrine of McKinleyism
help to elect United Senators in
sympathy with their political faith.
No, tne sugar planters are too in
telligent not to understand the glar
ing inconsistency of their position. 1
They know, if not, they will soon
know that they are in error. They
have switched off in the wrong di
rection. Their only strength lies
in an alliance with the Demas ele
inent, and if they do that, they be
lie the opinion the world has
S formed of them.
S DR. LATIOLAIS' RE1MARKS.
S On taking the gavel at the meet
ing of the Democratic Executive
'. Committee last Thursday, Chair
man F. C. Latiolais, called the at
tention of the members, to the dan
gers confronting the Democracy at
c the particular juncture on account
of the action of the sugar men.
li e depicted to them in glowing
-: terms the trials, turmoil and he'art
Srending experiences of negro su
premacy that would follow in the
-. :ake of this move, if the democrats
were recreant to their duty; that
::.our first duty was to place a veil
i over past differences within the
rarty, each put his sholder to the
wheel and with common accord, in
i one fell blow, crush this conspiracy,
i and secure peace and good govern
Iat, that no pecuniary considera
i~tiun, could or should sway any
,hite Democrat from the path, of
-ttty, when it was known that by
_ ch action white-supremaay was
* d gred, and that he, like Sena
e, bounty or no bounty,
ur n tiittr, would always be a
Socrat Such were the views of
otItuttee as appear by the
a. With such men at the
artyT the result in this
"wi  '-an overwhelming
ioderd itbat mass
-:in the pritcipal
ard oni Sept. 29,
~i~~ fipthe ,-iiouar~
-ar
the
"Our I noevats m Ci gress are like a lot
Skangaro-at lees and no brains. They '(`r
jusmpe. ad htstlledlaround and gut votes,
and ever since then have jabbered and jab- pu
bered and proved that there was not enough thei
brains in the crowd to pass a bill tot hogs to the
live under." Ga
As the kangaroos in Congress isf
formed an important: part of that not
body we give below. some of their
names. Some of them, if not all,
a-re credited -with a little brains, mak
notwithstanding the opinion of Mr. then
Parkerson. At any rate it will be Nee
seen that the kangaroo family is a and
very prominent one in the United ach
States. It will now be in order for the
the people frqm the various districts thes
to get their congressmen from the wha
sugar bolters and quit sending glad
kangaroos to Congress. It is in- Wm
deed deplorable that the Democrats
of all the Southern and some North
ern States have been electing kanga
roos-with all legs and no brains
to Congress these many years with- J.
out knowing it. In fact they would
not know it now if Mr. Parkerson
had not been kind enough to tell SD
them about it. The following are a
few names of the brainless kanga
roos:
Don Caffery and Newton C. Blanchard,. N
of Louisiana. issu
Senator George, of Mississippi. abs
Senator Morgan, of Alabama. and
Senator Hill, of New York.
Senator Mills, of Texas. ba,
Senator Harris, of Tennessee. hi
Senator Jones, of Kansas.
Senator Palmer, of Illinois. betn
Senator Gordon. of Georgia. of
Speaker Crisp, of Georgia.
Chairman Wilson, of West Virginia. folr
Congressmen B]oatner and Price, of Louis
iana. L
Congressman Breckinridge, of Arkansas. L
Congressman Bryan, of Nebraska. L
Congressman Springer, of Illinois.
ABOUT RICE.
The following is an epitome of
Dan Talmage's Sons bulletin No. 5 rea
Rice crop i894, dated New York, Pthe
Sept. i5: Crop along the Atlantic
Coast (States of North and South
Carolina and Georgia) well ad
vanced and full of promise. Har- ml
vesting fairly started and grain at fat
thresher shows good outturn in f=
quantity and quality. Total out
come estimated at x,soo, ooo bushels.
As regards Louisiana, which is the
largest and most important Rice
growing State, they say: "While
there are reports of untbward ex
' periences by individual planters,
taken as a rule early plantings are p
in good form and white to the har
vest. Fields are generally clean
a and freer from red..Rice than ever
before. Late plantings are'.ma 4kng
' rapid strideis, but outcome is prob- tic
a lematical as it has not headed and
will not mature until October, h,
therefore menaced by possible o
North winds which may check or a
kill. Labor and machinery abun
e dant and the grain can teasily be Si
> cared for as fast as ready. Heavy
rains early this week compelled sus- fr
pension of harvesting; damaged
.n early crops in some sections, stalks to
Le broken or whipped nearly clean of
n grain. Injury however as comnpared ~
'1 wi-h whole crop was slight, and full
1. compensation derived in benefits
to late Rice. Estimates regarding
the outcome cannot he safely en
' larged from those given last month. ,.
En Every condition at the moment is
favorable, and the acreage planted E
- under favoring auspices should be tU
es good for a yield of x,5oo,00o sacks, l
but of this amount only i,ooo,ooo0
sacks, say 4,000,000 bushels is
as really assured. The total outcome
of crop will not under any circuim- i
S. stances fully meet the consumptive
t- demand of the United States, so a
ye that high average prices are likely P
r- to prevail if planters exercise dis- p
t- cretion and deliberation in the dis- 1
n- position of same.
at Lafayette was not represented in
the Hotel Royal nominating con
ventipn. This parish has some
ngood, honest Republicans but, it
rt- seems that they were not wanted. I
iu- ovni f
The nominating couvention of
its the planters at Hotel Royal was an
at assembly of amateurs- The ac
eil count in the newspapers read more
he like the proceedings of a V. C. 'l'.
i U. meeting than the deliberations
, of a political convention.
a- Poor Breckinridge has received
- his just deserts for '"he who spares
f vice or apologizes for it in the
by places of the world, wrongs virtue
as in every place; he helps the good to
a- look upon it leniently, and thus to
Slower the tone of morality within
of themselves; he assists the bad to
the make it respectable, and thus to
the give them warrant aird license in its
bis imitation, and even in its emulation."
Agent Davidson sold a big ticket
ass last Friday. It was bought by
pal Lieut. Moss who went to New
-9, Oi~eans-ahd from there he will go
,.. . s, then to St. Paul and
'ffsia-bis Vl" ic& Fort Missoula,
I -*.r9 ·
brilliant reer, the art y. Pari
SW ki^ h protection Democrats, io5
tiimoczats plain and simple, Re- land'
publicans and national Republicans, by J
there should be a platform to suit nortl
the mostitastidious. As far as The tax
Gazette'is concerned it will be sat- card'
isfied with the articlr, straight and 7
not sugared. sotl
56c,
Four Big Successes: J
Having the needed merit to more than Boat
make good all the advertising claimed for M G
them, the following four remedies have 15c,
reached a phenomenal sale. Dr. King's o, I
New Discovery, for consumption, Coughs, F
and Colds, each bottle guaranteed-Electric land
Bitters, the great remedy for Liver, Stom- by
aI ch and Ki-lneys. Bucklen's Arnica Salve, poll
the best in the world, and Dr. King's New M
Life Pills, which are a perfect pill. All of I
i these remedies are guarenteed to do just sout
what is claimed for them and the dealer inte
whose name is attached herewith will be F
3 glad to tell you more of them. Sold at lane
Wm. Clegg's Drug Store. ES
inte
I will Pay the highest mar- bat
ket price for inte
COTTON. Lt
-J. C.COUVILLON, Lafayette, La. Dul
nI Syndic's Sale. a
1 SIMON LEOPOLD VS. xIS CREDI- 1.2
TORS-NO. 9251-t7th JUDI. 515
a CIAL DISTRICT COURT- 5
LAFAYETTE PARISISH, 16
LOUISIANA. intm
I," Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an order
issued from the s7th judicial, district court holding Mil
session in and for the parish of St. Mary in the 1.0
above entitled and numbered surrendered estate
and dated the '7th day of August 8q94. and by
virtue of a conunission issued out of said court mci
based upotar said order and directed to me under- par
signed Syndic. I will sell at public auction to the tot
highest and last bidder, on
Saturday, October 6, 1894,
hetween legal sale hours at the former store of 225
Simon Leopold known as the Labe store in the town diti
of Lnfayette this parish, the property of said sur- car
rendered estate of Simon Leopold. consisting of the
following to-it:ods.
Lot of Dry Guods. 36(
Lot of Ready made shoes. gc,
Lot of Boots and Shoes.
a. Lot of Hats.
Lot of Notions. dec
Lot of Liquors. sta
One Iron Safe., etc.
Terms. Cash.
ISAAC A. I'ROUSSARD, Syndic.
it Notice To Poll-Tax-Payers. int
The Roll Book of x894 is in the collector's office,
5 ready for the collection of Taxes. All those owing
Poll-.axes are requested to come up and pay before 15.
Sthe end of October it they want to avoid costs. ish
S1. A. BROUSSARD). Sheriff.
12
FARM FOR SALE- 3c
A desirable place near Pin Hook on Ver- Mi
r- million bayou about a mile and a half from int
the town of Lafayette. Suitable for a truck
farm. Dwelling house and large number of 31
in fruit trees. \Will sell cheap. Apply to 31
I. H. Knight, New Iberia. 6-23-6m.
of
STATE TAX SALES. i
le STATE OP LOUISIANA VS. DE
- I.INQUEXNT TAX-PAYERS. Ca
re Parish of Lafayette, 17th Judi- If
cial District. IC
alt -- -- hr
er I,, virtee of the autthority vested in me by P
the Constitutimn and lahts of the Stale of I.
ig I.ou toina, I will sell, at the principle front
b- door of the court house in which the Civil itr
l)istrict Co:ur of sail parish is held, in ihe ad
said parish of L.afayette, within the legal 17
r hours for judicial sales, beginning at II
o'clock a. r:. on
)le Satt y October 20, 1"94, P,
or andl cntinting on each succeeding day un
til said sales are completed, all inmmovable sa
n- property on which taxes are now due to the at
be State ,f l.ouisana and Parish of Lafayette, tsu
to enforce collections of taxes assessed in t he of
VY year 1893, together with interest thereon sa
1s- from the 31st day of IDecember S903, at the de
rate of ton. per cent per month until paid, at
d and all costs. The namses of said deliquent bI
Lks tax payers, the amnut of the taxes due by te
each on ;he assessm-etnt of said year and the Pt
of i:m'oval property as,;essed to each to be ft
ed offer ed for sale, as follows, to-wit: a
TPierre Co:,teau, 25 acres of land bounded Pt
11 north by L Comrea, south by same. State
its tax 75c, parih 1.25, poll I.o3, interest 48c,
card sec, total 3.59. d
1g Emile Durandl, Ist ward, 54 acres bounded tL
;n- north by A P.-cax, south by L G Arce- 01
naux; state tax 3.66, pa.ish 6.10o, poll I.oo, at
l. intr.:st 1.72, car1 o10, total 12.58.
5 L.cssin Itreaux heirs, 6 ward, 42 acres of
land blounded not lh by J. Breaux, south G. S
ed E. BIrcaux; state tax 3.13, parish 5.22, in
be terest 1.33, cari Ioc, total 8.78
Iscre Andrus, col, 1st ward, 16 acres
ks, Iounded north by G Alexandre, south by J
oo Mouton; state tax I.o9, parish 1.83, poll i.oo, a
interest 62c, card eoc; total 4.64.
M rs Francois Booze, col, Ist ward, 46 -
me acres bo.undcd nor;h by IMrs Begnaud, south
by G Martin; state tax 1,97; parish 3.29,
In- inrerecst 84c, card roc; total 6.20 h
i EdoUard Foretan,. 2d ward, 53 acres of t,
land bounded north Iby II A Foreman, south
SO by WmVn Jones; state tax 1.94, parish 3.24,
cl poll .oo,, interest 9Sc, card loc; total 7.26 9
Hines llofipauiir, 2d ward, So acres
i- Ioundtled north boy A Judice, south by F
j Forerman, state tax6.72, parish 11x.zo20, poll
I.oo, interest 3,o02, card toe; total 22.04
Lasti I-loffpauir,2d wad,8o acresbounded
north by B Avant, south by S HLoffpauir,
in state tax 2.82, parish 4.7o, poll I.oo, inter
on- est -1.36, card lo; total 9.98
l'resto:n loffpanit, 2d ward, 1.53 acres
me hountded north by S Iluhon, south by W
it Jones; t2 acres bounded north by unknown
sousot by tIrs ) Naovarre, state tax 6.to,
parish to.tS, poll .o0, interest 2.76; card
to; total 2o.14.
of 1onrow SpvllSr, 2d ward, 41 acres bound
aed ntorth by WV Jones, south by Perry; state
1.39, parish 2.33, poll t.oo, interest 75c,
ac- card to, total 5-57
ore Oneil Spell, 2d ward, 35 acres bounded
north hy T Morgan, south by B HIoffpair;
'L'. state tax 93c, parish 1-53, poll I.oo, Inter
ions est 53, cartl toe, total 4.13
tJules Wtlturter, col. 2(1 ward, 20 acres
lbountled north by A Wllturner, south by J
WVilturncr; state tax 72c, parish 1.2o0, poll
vel 1.o, interest 46c, card to, total 3.48
Preston Bienton, 3rd ward, 65 acres
ares umrsd north by public road, south by J
the Con· in; state tax 3.84, parish 6.40, po0ll
rtue 1.00, itere.St t.So, card to, tofal 13.14.
)scar Iroussanrd, col, 4th ward, 8 acres of
d to land I nunded north by I)J Broussard, south
bto Iy W Landry; state tax 51c, parish 86c,
toill 1.oo. interest 37c, cartd toc; total 2.84
thin llonoJeanlouis, col, 4th ward, IS acres
of land 6sonuded north by Frank Williams,
to south by A Piclhard; state tax 1-34, parish
Sto 2.24, poll t.oo, interest 73c, card toe; total
ont. 5S4yfroygene Vallot's heirs, 5th wiard. 12
acres of land biounded north by Bayou Tor
tue, south by A 1) Girouard; state tax 21c,
cket parish 36c, interest g9c, card 'so total 76
by Clionede Benot heirs, 6th ward, 42 acres
New of land bounded north by Z Arcenaux, south
I. l.eblanc; state tax 1.00oo, parish 1.35, inter
est 37C, card loc, total 1.85
and st.i, lreanx, 6th ward; 5.acres hoitdead
rula, t north by .A lroussarde ecut by J Blrat
parish, .15Z po ;o, interest" card a -3
to; dta1 36.80 -
Sosthene Prejean, 6th ward,. 38 acres of
land bounded north by L. LelSanc, south.
by J Broussard; .14 acres bounded north by
F P Richard, south by S Prejean; 8 acres
north J Prejean, south by R Breaux; state
tax 3.3o, parish5.3o, poll i.oo, interest 1.56
card" Iototal 1s.43
Louise LeBlanc's heirs, col; 6th. ward,.
7 acres- of land bounded north by T Bbnoit,.
south by G Prejean; state tax 33c, parish Gao
56c, interest 14.r card toc, total 1.13"
J Bte 'Convoy, col, 3rd ward, I lot in
Boudreaux addition, bounded north by O" (
M Guidry, south by J Latiolais; state tax.
i5c, parish 25c; pol I.oo, interest 22c, card
1o, total 1.72
Frank Breaux, col, 3rd ward, 2 acres of
land bounded north by Lacoste Bros, south
by A Voorhies; state tax 1.68, parish 2.80,
poll i.oo, interest 87c, card toc, total 6.45.
Mrs Julie Duhon, col, 7th ward, 2 acres
of land bounded north by A Sellers,
south D Vincent; state tax i9c, parish 32c,
interest 89c, card ipe, total 69c tiol
Francis H. Simon, 8th ward 80o acres of
land bounded north by D Broussard, south abc
E S Hebert; state 4.32,parish 7.20,poll I.oo,
interest 2.oo, card toc, total 14.62 lar
Philogene Trahan, 8th ward 4o acres of
land bounded north by G Monte, south G D
Duhon; state tax 1.24, parish 2.00, poll 1.oo, eqt
interest 78c, iprd toe, total 5.09
Unknown property formerly Mrs L. ma
Latiolais, 40 acres bounded north by G.
Dubon, south Louis Bernard; state tax I.zo, ant
parish 2.07, interest 57c, total 3.71
Philibert Grouchet, corporation, I lot
Macomb's addition; lots 3., 354. 359 Mou
ton's addition, vacant; state tax 2.49, parish
1.24 poll I.oo, interest 75c, card ioc, total
5.58
Mrs Frank Convoy, col, corporation, lot dei
16 Mills addition; state tax 1.65, parish 82c,
interest 39c, card loc, total 2.96
Michel Foot, col, corporation, lot 159 g
g Mills addition; state tax I.32,parish 66c,poll
S.oo, interest 47c, card ioc, total 3.55
Wm Foot Sr, col, corporation, improve
ments in. Mccomb's addition; state tax 30c1
parish 15c, poll 1.oo, interest 23c card loe,
Stotal 1.78
Mrs Adiline Guidry, col, corporation lots
,t 225, 226, antd fraction lot 227 Mouton's ad
dition; state tax I.65,parish 82c,interest 39c,
card ioc, total 2.96
Mrs Alex Linton, col, corporation, lot
366 Mouton's addition; state tax 18c, parish
9crinterest 4c, card toc, total 41c
Gehart Feringer, corporation, non-resi
dent, lot 1, 2, square 9, McComb's addition;
state tax 1.2o, parish 6oc, interest 2oc, card
toc total 2.10o
Ambroise Judice, corporation, n. r, lot 165,
Mouton's addition: state tax 18c, parish 9c,
interest 4c, card toe, total 4iC,
e. Thomas Klinpeter, corporation, n. r, lots
r 153, 156, Mill's addition; state tax 45c, par
ish 22c, interest toc, card ioc, total 87c
Wm Landry, corporation, n. r, I lot square
12, Mslccomb's addition; state tax 9c, parish
3c, card roc, total 22c
Paul Singleton, corporation, ra. r, I lot E
r- Mill's addition; state tax 75c, parish 37c, K
interest 17c, card Zoc, total 1.39
Mrs Neville Bazile, col corporation, lot
317, 318 Mouton's addition; state tax 1.2o,
parish 6oc, interest 28c, card Ioe, total 2.18
E- Emile Broussard, non-resident, 4 acres 9t
of land Bounijd. north by M Stovis, south w
G. H-I. Broussard, state tax I5c, parish 25c,
interest 6c, card loc, total 56c a
W-lman Bradford, non-resident, r35 acres i
bounded north N WV 5, sec 21, T 9. S RIt
3, E; 5 acres SC corner, sec 25, T 9 S R;
state tax 7.73, parsih 12.97, interest 5.32,
ca-d IoC, total 24.17
Jules D)artez, parish non-resident, 7 acres
bounded no tih by F H-ebert, south by O
.i- Ifebert; s.a'e tax 25c, parish 42c, interest
ioc, card loc, total 87c
E P Parker, parish non-resident, So acres
hounded north by Mrs J Chiasson, south by
v P Road; state tax 3-43, parish 5.8o, interest
of 1.48, card ioc, total 1o.So
it Mrs Celestine Adam, Col, corporation,
il inprovements on lots 220, 221, Mouton's
he additson; state tax 75c. parish 37c, interest
'al 17c, card toe, total 1.39
11 Mrs Israel Frllc, non-resident, improve
ments in McComb's addition; state tax 3oc, H
parish 15c: interest 7., card toe, total 62c.
n- On said day I will sell such portion of C
)ie said property as each debtor will point out,
he and in case the debtor will not point out
te, sufficiency property, I will at once and with
he out further delay, sell the least quantity of
on said property of any debtor, which any bid
he der will buy for the amount of taxes, interest
d, and cost due by said debtor. The sale will tc
ft be without appraisement, for cash in legal
by tender money of the United States, and the 6
he property sold shall be redee'mable any time
be for the space ofone year by paying the price
given, with twenty per cent and cost and
ed penalty added.
te The mortgage creditors are hereby noti
ic, fled that if the property to be sold is not re
deemed: the sale thereof when recorded in
ed the conveyance or morltgage office, shall
,c- operate as a cancellation of all conventional
,o, and judicial mortgages thereon.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
of Sherbi and Ex-Officio Tax Collector,
G. Saturday, Sept. 15, IS64.
in- I
Cord Wood for Sale.
re Mostly Ash. Will deliver anywhere in or
about town. Apply at the store of
iMoUTON BRos.
Bth oarders Wanted.
9, Those desiring a good, private boarding
house-espe=ially country boys and girls at
of tending the high school-will do well to
ah call at Mrs. Wim. Brent's.
.6 Succession of Onezime Senegal.
es All persons havinc claims against said
ol succession will present same to undersigned
within ten days, for classification.
W. B. BAILEY, Administrator.
ir, Sept. 8, 1894.
:res yng u -
s of . AT STUD.
The Thoroughbred Holstein Bull,
S Ihen to cows are sent one taken
,[ a83Gm near Lafayette.
s of - . AT . , STU
" ; American £rrel whtrse, uaiderl.
Smers uame a of "6 tt." A
lij-rai rewyard .~1~fle e given ~o persoa
fir'nishing inf oiation as to his w ahouts
GER"A ] BROS., Lafayte, La.
27-30.
.Good Seruice: Prompt Returns.
Columbia- -
S--- -Rice Mill,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest in the United States. It is
equipped with the latest and best
machinery for the milling of Rice,
and secures out-turns equalled by
L few and excelled by none.
ti Consignments and correspon
t dence solicited.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
9 115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK. S
W. L. DoucLAS
SS I SHOE.S :M: sr.
And other specialties for
at Gentlemen. Ladles. Boys
la and Misses are the
Best in the World.
See descriptive advertise.
; ment which appears in this
paper.
Take no Substitute.
Insist on having WV. L.
DOUGLAS' SHOES.
ts with name and price
r- .stamped on bottom. Sold by
se Leo Doucct.
ot EVERYBODY
S Knows sothi f holg cf rlntarraphy nonwdays
as it his baeome inode~po. salt uvtr blanch
OF INDUSTRY Ann
ART.
o' WHY DON'T YOU BUY
a Carnera. andi learn in tak, Pic'uret? Voa wil
es find it ovco tt'ea .ic u . of a.rL- ct anc: .r :r:i
th we will t1k.a ni n ch Il , ue y: a xc i cs st ing yon
HOW TO USE
a $2.50 Watch C(asten . a- a $'2.X0 $t::tfi' f~c of
chcarse. -
es fyou c ncn1t fit no a Dark Ico cn of con omr
R we will do yo r dcrv :':.i' :t.d pijrstii.' at
R. modcrate Ces. 4;iv. .-s t .il.
2' Yhotrograr;heara., .ý=sapies of -Evcry
2 o, esc rtirtion /ala tl-tys I Ntrick.
'CS COC. CANAL Asn
ast Z"na e-3 I "1· A
Acadia College.
in,
n's First-Class Throug iu6t.
cst
ve- Trained Teachers, I'alla:ial I;ui.ling-s.
c, Healthful Location.
e Si. ?ccial AdvantagŽs to French ioys anal
Girls in Learning Englii.h.
Iuiomeclike Baaicling r)prtnment.
th- Cheap as the Cheacenlst; G;ood as the Best.
of Open to Girls anuI I,oys clike.
Id Tf you are going off to School, Don't fail
vill to W ri;e, or visit, first of all.
gal J. T. B3ARRETI, l'resi.lDnt.
the 6-30 4m1 Crowley, Loui uiana.
ice
H-d . P-. FOURNET.
ol AG EN' OF
W. A: Vandercook.
nal
WVHOLESAIE I)EALF.I IN
Choice Wines and Brandies
- Los Angelos, San Francisco and
Arizona.
Sor OFFICE and DEPOT.
ST. MARIINVIIIE,. . : : : : : : : ]IA.
Said by TRAIAN & DOUC.ET, Lafavette;J,.J'LES PETETIN, Sunset; E. V. BARRY, Gratd
Coteau; E MICAUD, Carencro
Has the Largest Stock- of
GENT'S FU'NISHINGS
Ever Brought to Lafayette-.:
Dry Gooods, Mj1enery,
Hats, Shoes, Etc.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J- E- TRAHAN,
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window 6lass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a-:d Stationery; Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars,
Melller's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
i-16--93 ly
Mrs. John. O. Mouton,
NEW AND) SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUC(I AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Emlroidcrics, Etc.
also Ladies' and children's Shoes
G . LACOST E,
Stoves, Hane_, ý, Crr
and W. 5C O N,
M\anufacturer's ng-nu f,"r "\W ,ln 1.Ii (1lh, o:., .-,.' H;rr,. L., ~vr
" ':rning P, , I y iL l,.s, IR ral
Corner of Jefierson 1and Vcrnmiimon Strccts. LAF'AYIETTE. I 3
FELIX IDEMANAI)E,
The Up to Date I9erc- t
L LS CHEAP-_P
SGroceries
aol Liquors
Crockery
Willoware
C. and 9
s Fancy r
goods :.ý.r.. !
LAF AYETTTE, - - - - LOUISIANA