d s,. I
..
o ; .......
jOf. B S sin .
Slesta at Govreror
Secretary of State:
JOHN T. MIC.EL,
Of Orlemas.
State Treasurer:
A. V. FOUR2NET,
W W. lEARD.
;jf Nasehlt ehea.
1 iSap temdes.sei Public Education:
P-UP. J. V. CALHOUN,
-Of Orleeans.
DIWEREQT OWUICOERS
Juodge:
District Attorney:
-'MINOS T. GORDY.
Rapreoeati e:
3 J. O. BROUSSARD.
Clerk of Court:
E. G. VOORbIES.
- wran.--o ourr, .l r
r the e, rif:
hFirst rid-Police Juror, Alonze ,Lacey;
ustice i ea, CoT.rad Brandt; Con
s rtle ; AIontbles, .StblA Tae.
Se Wath ard-Police Juror, jasper Spell;
ry justice of the Peace, PrA Hoepanuir;
SConstable, Andrew Cummings.
Third Ward-Police Juror, Alfred Hebert;
: -justices of the Peace, T. A. McFaddin, J.
Martin; Constables, TeL. HI ch, homas
.y` . ` h Ward-Police juror, Octave Then
loe justies of the Peace, L. A. Le lanc. J,
S abl. ismengeax; Coonatables, Napoleon oMe
i.- i Pti.a eBodr.eaux. r
. Fifth Ward-Police ror, .
.. Jt tes' uof the Peac, Frank Aaie . P.
=Guilbease; Constables, Simonette Breaux,
n atole a Cormngier.e
E: ._ ighth Ward-Police mro John Whit-.
Itng r; Justice of t Peace, Charles
la ,; Constable, Nm reaux.
The D °ly, Picayone has our sin
cere thanks for its "Notable Events
for the year r895," the Picayune
calendar for2896, and for a valu
able little book containing a fund of
in:foration entitled "The Tourist's
Guide Book" with the ubiquitous
Picayune frog on the cover.
"Democratic Voter" lays particu
lkr stress upon the fact that the
Ticket" were Democrats before we
were born. Perhaps it is very true,
but, unlike wine, some people's De
mocracy don't improve with age.
It's more like molasses than wine.
It won't keep.
t . The name of Postmaster General
=: on has been added to the list of
_-overnor Pattison, of Pennoyl
. ..party sentiment mse.s to
t*vor' th) ninination of a Western
S aa P t thq present time there
l age4 deal of talk about the
.#m ogoing to Colonel Was.
S btortison, of Illinois, who is
btroig In the West. Mr. Wil
Is.Ety admitted even by his
cfe is without a blemish.
tic State Centralc cm
Spain the State cam
iiu4 binit sow on until the
-- Mi ht diL She way from the
b amte o the Gulf coast.
Secea with or.
-' ~ ~the mosnt the
senabled, but not by a de polti
clans, offie-holdier* or ring. This
dwaito is as ludrou a it.-is bt-'
one is-aware of t fact that the so
choice of that acrobatic iastitton
knonf th e white voters of the
tlead ti r n ~q-sie ach ire notls
ot e-hotdead o btl pnvapermte every
one is-aware of 04 fact that the so
camd ..Fempes.- Tikete'" is. th
dchoient. of thenat aemocratic Vinster"itution
intimates th.t i regular Democrat-;
ic ticket has b ,euichosen by a "few
politicians, .ofi-holders or ring'"'
he is simply diriming through- his
old bat. Ssuco` statement sounds
so much like l _ and is so abso- i
lutely at variai th the facts that
it needs no refutation. Had our l
anonymous friend- said tade .Pes- I
ple's Ticket" was <patched .tgethar
by a handfal of would-be politicians, I
used-to-be bosses and office-seekers,
he would have hit the nail squarely
on the head.
If the Democratic tcket wasi
chosen by "politicians and office- I
holders" as intimated by The Ad
vertiser's correspondent, there must 1
be a very large number of office
holders in this parish (ssoo out of
the g700 voters nominated that tick
et) and with so many offices to be
filled, our esteemed friends, the
Googoos, must be terribly unpopu
lar that they have not yet succeeded
in being elected to any of them.
It is surely not because they don't
try, for like the patriots of old they
were never known to fail to answer
to their country.s call. -
We are told that the gentlemen
forming the "People's Ticket' have
always been true and tried Demo
crats from their ierfansy." If they 1
weie baptized with the holy water of
Democracy, it is high time for their 4
political godfathers to be doing
something. If they have been Dem
ocrats for so long a time greater is
the crime they are committing
against Democracy by running on
a ticket which is neither "fish nor
foul."
They were probably Democrats
*"before the young editor of The
Gazette saw the light of the sun."
There is nothing strange about that.
But having been Democrats so I
many years, they should be ac
quainted with the duties of a Demo
crat and the principle of Democra
cy and not allow their names to ap
pear on a so-called ,"People's
Ticket" especially at a time when I
all the enemies of Democracy and
white supremacy have combined for
the sole purpose of defeating a
Democratic governor and electing
in his stead a Republican.
If they were young and unac
quainted with the political history
of this State since the war and had
not "'been true and tried Democrats
since their nsfairy," their present
undemocratic course by utterly dis
regarding Democratic authority,
might be excused on account of
their age, but having been Demo
crats "before the young editor of
The Gazette saw the light of the
sun" and having actually grown
grey in the service of the grand old
party, their action to-day in leading
an independent movement is inex
casable and incomprehensible;
We repeat we havethe utmost re
spect -or those gentlemen and ap
preciate the fact that they are men
of honor, but when we thmk of their
many good qualities both of mind
and heart, their suicidal politics and
great inconsistency appear to as ex
ceedingly deplorable.
Senator Teller of Colorado, con
tinues to be a thorn in the7 flesh to
Sthe Republicaas of the Bdy to
which he belongs. He blurted out
Sin full Senate a few weeks ago that
they secured the control of the com
mittees of that body by a bargain
with the Popolists and the free-til
ver men. He has followed, this up
.the present week by sending another
shot into their ranks. In this last
he has told therm iat thedi prof.shd
atiempat tarnS legislation as only
SisanD~ame, and given notice that
the, as a amber of Oe prt, can
'KV _ ·B
Th-e ctce s: t hcte tseI d
,Ela letter o`
with ot the t rofthe, bo
That Mrthey had a right to expre
much; -
their opinion in the smatter;
-Tha they had a'right to be heard,
sad say if they did not want quali- '
ca*tionof the saufrage.
Mr. Mouton did not vote for the I
amendment, but, despite- all that
has been iiddhb-oted to sauil tAe
g slus s. ip epple.
We do not- think -that anything
could have been done by the friends
of Mr. Mouton t o strengthen that
gentleman with the -people, for In a
republic it has never been consider- a
ed a crime to submit any -question '
to the people for solution. We be- a
lieve that Jefferson, the father of
American Democracy, had unlim
ited confidence in the virtue and in- f
telligence of the voters and Jackson
always trusted the masses, but ac
cording to- the "latter day saints"
in Lafayette parish the sage of Mon
ticello and Old Hickory were
wrong, for owing to the political
bible of our G;oogoo friends, our
representative, Mr.- Mouton, com
mitted a serious crime because he I
voted to submit the question of suf
frage to the people.
It may not be out of order to
state, however, that Mr. Mouton
succeeded in killing the Benoit elec
tion bill by which it was intended
to impose an educational qualifica
tioa on the voter. If that bill had
passed the General Assembly a man
who cannot read or write would not
have been able to vote in April. It
seems to us that our representative
should not be blamed for having
killed a bill which would have dis
franchised abuut 4o per cent. of
our people.
MR. LANE ON TUE COTTONa
CROP.
Before the convention recently
held in Memphis by the American
Cotton Growers' Protective associa
tion Mr. Hector D. Lane, president I
of that influential body, delivered a
very able annual address. He said
over-production of cotton would
surely result disastrously to the pro-.
ple of the Southern States, whereas
a decrease in the acreage of the
fleezy staple with a corresponding
increase in the production of other 1
crops, principally those consumed
at home, would make the cotton
producer prosperous.. d the people
in general would be the beneficiaries.
Mr. Lane said that this movement
to reduce the cotton acreage will
have to be accomplished as all other
great movements, through inde
pendent, individual action, stimu
lated by intelligent argument. He
is of the opinion that if previous
conditions continue and the cotton
planters persist in producing a
3,ooo,ooo-bale surplus, they will
make of themselves the willing vic
tims of the "tricks and devices laid
by cunnmng and unscrupulous men."
Mr. Lane considers a surplus a dan
gerous weapon placed in the hands
of the cotton "bear." A small crop
puts in motion the laws of supplies
and demands, while over-produc
tion fosters manipulation. It is es
timated that the sum of 4oo, ooo,
ab is annually spent for cotton
goods. According to Mr. Lane's
i dea consumers will pay that amount
r for a 6,Soo,ooo-bale crop, but for a
1 xo,ooo,ooo-bale crop not a cent more
Swill be expended. If the crop is
large the consumer makes the price
and if it is short the cotton-producer
is the one to fix the price. This is
- undeniably true to a certain extent.
Mr. Lane suggests that the only
Ssafe and practical way is the judi
t cious..decrease pf acreage, say of sS
t per cent, and an increase in food
* crops. He cites the last season as
5 an object lesson to illustrate the re
sultof a decreased acreage. As aa
p other lesson he mentions the
r year &85.C The average price
tof that yea was 5-56. The
ptducto was decreased the
Sfollowig year by . general con
serat abaut 9 per cet. and Tin
I. caequenc price r.se to 7t.7.
Lake al, practical arasiers Mr.
s Lane benlloe..zha esyewynbiiagthas t
osnbe madd at 1taiae should not be
Uiijght. His doctrine 1% i lantis W
- ~-<.
/
'S1 t tuth ma
aekii Imti r tiao whelr twehave I ih
s-that Is the' bet ia handle
adand a profasi who haid spet
laped om bcht i sad able the ab anes
aged cungltting a atike t n
tnll oaly o~ I ie th the =uittul aw
do after, emptyightiy Rckeal bck atw the. vc
i itss hrows
gainy a itsa ,he back ia Hitraottm l
coutry a Ieluides out ot. th valore p
the this n seuiry of to alleviat e is t
So iby wn- them for throughhat
- haddowe mthem, he Fs s asgain he
ofc t thexerro; she knowsay weell that
though he lly generous, bthave and-dle that
"underr ca. the reek E
hi unstce leads him to imposing.tlanss ups ti
himseif and fmi that human atue rican ill
a thEot my oadv, ta o yo thot Almighty Him- a
seapplies, th hol dln these -g lfpu of ed
and thnight, to the ad the mou thn onde, t
and thus destenseles mates, who had spen t
afeet its cotte asof high-pericend cottn b
ptrs ard little sham that he had paid a t
petitiaxon th rundertaking to all reviate
own ftheselnes equitably bepaying them fen the producer
he had dose them, he s again caled smer.
back to the e rror of his way when h. wi
repr we soachfully asks for the st ndicationdle that
this conclusion, I will say to , my fellow. t
Fostarmer and thco laborers of crathic party we
shottould Growers' Protectivede Assdespondent overn,
thy advifutue ofo ouis to iana. But theome
comppbine, thludicrous idin these selfirationsed
taxes that are mopulsive in its associations, y
cann ot win. It was born with thee
and thus ideoustroy is a nnual surplus, or
ous her wolementsrds, adjust the supply to theld to
mand; gether. The laws negro has too fullymmerce and cmut
petition will prevail and pricelanters willho have so often drivengulate
him from the osum lls or forced him to
Ifvot we at the least indicctation or counated
out his combination wtes. he ould defeat Govr I
shopinionuld, s not fitted to exercise the
thlective of Louisiana. But the is not an
idiotmbine, and he knows in itsall aspibourati, and
andppreiaultes, atin its just vsocaltionsue, the
sympannoth win.e Itsugar planter hasth forthe
gethis ierest The negro has too fully cut
is eye-teeth to trust aof throe wealthy planter
plawho ntears who have shirt" and store
clothes, aud is seekng only a boun
ty, whichfrom the Pop must bforce bled to
trusis both the nagger and the Pop.
vote at their dictation or counted i
oute knows vothat if the negroes, in our
opinion, is ernot fitted to exercise the
wll, ectivery one of ranchise; but he ithe not ate
idiwoultd andvote knfor s al equality and
apnegro supremacyciates,, andits just value, the knows that
symthe Pops arthe insugar planter hasof mefors
his interest. The Pop is equally
ureho weahicrsh would shirt" anroy the
stclothes, and is seeking only a boun- d
help paerty and finally the plan dion
trusis both the niggerest and industry. Buto
even if, thevery masses of them in hese Stwarriteng
elements could vote fbe held togeequalithey and 1
they• cannot defeat the united De a
negocratic party, and the knDemocrws thatic
party is united as it has not befor of meas
Pharrs orwhich would destroy head this
eterogen ous mob of busplanters and
niggers and Popadlists; but his re
ward, whichever he m may be, will be
he ignominious defeat and he will bes
elected only to the post of the
them review the history of the po
prlitical campaignt s in which it hasre
been soughtn to give respec tabity
r to the nagger and carpet-bag party,
a and they will see their own fate pre
hBlare at the head of the Republi
hcan party, theos most bri flant, mag
Snetis and popular of the Republi
can leadiners, what was the result ?
eThe prospects of the Repubhcan
party, were never so bright; hun
idreds cof men deserted the tDeLmo
cratic party and joined the Repub
liicans Indeed, ast one thime it did
Slook as tho ugh the grip of the De-i
Storoh of thin s S tate was about to
s anlide wt oel thei Democratic vic
ltorin was eompete The Republi
ca were whipped o out horse, foot
5 cand d erioos. wAnd that is what is
riting proespect l d. t fal of the is
Sidied os comein esed the Dpo-iia
Socra oft its tleader waethes oe be
Csrjt arr or Mt. Pugh oR poor
Jo " a t ' mem end
ti e ~t er the wght o it
- f. s ,e-. . epub ll .a , -
te atee. thuaend eor r s he letioai
... te.... e, tias a..
iet byied -with t rah li ter-Jo rcslea its
p e.di tor for aees trade saud athe free
theho silver. .Yet mIof the. entucky
lesi tlts waomi teR ow lacs ves tampoon
a .s.l.t nd io their faith by the Courier
Sri Meat oi the argumel i and propo- I
dite"si et now csaes with scuruilons ephithat
mials iba h dbd eiy ar thme oarguments ad
-a-see, tlhberast nmd reiterated by the
L dr-5t e i Year after ears , Mr. We t
toiers w he awt toeaw for h cmef the di-po
tietis e ld l .ngsothes iat with the elearer
imeortheoterIn ibl hes of silver deo ae
hS=.~dc nlme, o ite slialter situlv at Initst
titels io oad theaItr. pe wer. thereby give toas
the othe newy- abe oi t el itamed to have
taeiup this tbu alit tle not in the heat and
lent and when other tiled to appreciate its
Importance. In calmness and soberness and
deep meditation he reached hiat tenlusions,
anid bhavin reiached them he became, e
Wf the whole country If Mr. Watternon hes
told the- truth about hiself it he Is indeead
ithe daddyot of all the gibbering Idiots" and
howler, the first Populite and the primeval
silver crank, what an awful sin weighs upon
his wretched soul! Yet here is the fearful
confession takes from the. columns of the
Courier-Journal of August so, a886:
- "The Cotier-Tournal has been devoting a
large amount of space, week after week, to
the discussion of the silver situation In its
relations to the interest of the United States.ro
Most of the newspapers of the United States
have taken but little notice of the matter;
many do not refer to It at all, and no other
daily newspaper except the Courier-Journal,
in any part of the Union, is treating It with
any degree of that earnestness and persist
ence which should imply that it is recog- 4
aised by leading minds as a question of a- I
finite moment, and of immediate and intense
practical signfcance to the welfare of all
classes of citizens. Such is the magnitude
of the question, and esuch its practical bear
ing upon the interests of -all men, and we
find the whole American press ignoring it.
"The Courier-Journal lays down the fol
lowlag propositions:
- "6. That the demonetization of silver,
which has prevailed for some years up to
this writing, both an the United States and
Europe, has had the effect of advancing the
vahlue of gold about 4 per cent.
"2. That this has been accomplished by e
depressing the valui of all other property to
that extent.
"3. That about 40 per cent, of the prop
erty and producing resources of the people
have thus been transferred to a compara
tively small class of men whose stock in
trade is gold investments.
"4. That in the exact proportion as gold
has risen, the burden of debt and taxation
has increased; and that in proportion as
property and labor have declined, the capa
city of the people to pay their debts and
taxes has diminished.
"a . That the silver discount is creating a
bonus of more than 3o per cent, in favor of
the farm productions of India and Asia,
which to that extent cheapens the wheat,
cotton and various other productions of the
United States.
"6. That these lamentable conditions have
been produced by anti-silver legislation.
"y. That they can -be undone and pros
perity be restored by pro-silver legislation.
"Now, here are seven propositions, either
of which, itf true, certainly proves the silver
situation is a matter of intense and universal
importance th I so, why is not the matter
forced upon public attention day after day
by all the newspapers in the land which are
not owned body and breeches by the money
kings of the gold conspiracy t? If they (oren
either of them) are not true, why do they
or St Louis, or Cincatnhati, or New Orleans
can sucresstlly c ontrovert either of them
proporsitions it will reoderi the public valuable
controvert either of theme propositions they
all of the propoetions are tore the honest
journalist, with the capacity ato understaind
oabstain from giving the greatest publicity
posieble. -
"We char lenge the editors th e paipers
named, and of any others, to point out a
single Saw or error in any proposition of the
seven, and it thisel can't be done, we ask, in
the name of the people, what interests they
tare serving, and whpuat consideration, In kind
at the iniquity. It will be worth a great
deal to the oouinrotry If those pap ers will prove
all the propositions stated are either true or
tfalse, d thee public should not be content
until thes pubiic press is awekened to the
sense of its public duties, to its dependence
on public support, and to its betrayal or
ignoring of Its ostensible o5cc-public ad
There is one questions which the Loriert
polite-the question as to "what interests
they are serving and what cosnideratioe, nl
kind and amount, they are receiving for
conniving at this iniquity" of the gold
anet and unparliamentary, and we should be
the first to rebuke any one who should now
Scast any such imputation on the motives aof
the Courier-Journle.
And yet it iswritten, "With whatjudgmaest
ye Judge e shall e uged; end ewithz Wheti
nea ye ymnei it sal be taeast yed o y
o uWTS'
is Usurpassed Anywrhe. aii
Is 'ruly the Largest. a t,
Ever Brought to L.fayi
I mean every word of this advertisemet amadl e
I say. Call and see for yourself. x
-DEALER l+- "
Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooring, Doors, Bliuad, Bricks, 7ie1 ske,
Pittsburg Coal and Charcoal. Send for estimates.
Oarencro, La.
HOLD UP!
Furnishing -Inod..
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
::L. LEVY.c :
Furniture and Stoves.
Being Always Anxious
TO PLEASE THE LADIES .
Mrs. John O. Mouton.
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK OP
dILL I E LIM R i
I And is Now Ready to Furnish the
S People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Goods.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
, Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc Harrow Leaver
y Harow, Stalk Cutter,. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
. Corer of Jefferes ad Vermillion Streets. LAPATETTh. LA.
D RUG, S
FieFINE GROCERIES,
Fine Table and Hardwaees
S-LDO YOU KNOW THAT
at . B . O. -.. K
,r, Hasele -caowge
.a -eo s WAnt.Nd ..:
N.
2 fyIag EEAT
: RUG
-I-