THE TAZTTE.
issUEl) EVa$Y SATJRDAY gia
b Ca
I:" ,'t.IER h MOUTON, - - Paoi-rL-To:. ate
; tored at tl* Ianfaycae Lu. Post-Ofice s S e.:rnY teC
J . . - C .ass- atter.
' A't7RDAY, IAAY 5, 1894.
LET . AE AN OUTLE T.
S.The mdst practical of all the rail- SC
told chemres yet proposed, and re
the one that would prove more ad
beneficial to this section than any "
other, is the building of a road that gri
~ill connect Lafayette with one of Hg
tbe-systems running on the othe side
of the lssissippi fivet. The dis- we
tance is about fifty or sixty miles, o,
two hours' ride to Baton Rouge, sta
besides affording to the people an Th
outlet for their products. As it pe'
is now, they are shut out from the an
Western markets. Truck farming, ap
the only salvation of our farmers, tic
would then be a very remunerative on
" fndustry, while under the present as
n the'iakket facilities are
exceedingly unsltisfactory and the t
Soatthetn Pacfic gets (and can be bit
1MathematicaIly proven) really all the It
--.-net profits from. produce raised in bo
this section; but with a competing pa
line the Chicago and other Western an
markets would be placed within our bl
teach and the actual extortionate H
freight charges would be an impossi- rnt
bility. Such a road would be of hi
iucalcuable good to this section of n
the country. TIe saving on on money sp
paid out yearly for freight would
alone be of such magnitude as to g'
Snake itself felt in a short time.
The old road which was com- c,
tnenced many years ago and which br
is partly built, will, from all appear- no
ances, remain in that condition.
We understand a charter had been
granted the owners of this projected th
road, but should this prove an ob
stacle in the way of the building of m
a new one, we believe it is in the sti
power of the Legislature to remove T1
it. ag
We will have more to say on this sce
later and on the steps to be taken hi
in furtherance of this very desirable '
outlet for our products. fr,
COXE 'S ARMY.
ta
Coxey and his commonweal army gi
has reached Wa'shington, and it will e
be interesting to watch what action nt
may be adopted in order to obtain e
their demands; for it is generally un- rc
derstood that some definite plan of it
proceedure has been adopted, though i
as to whether the different armies fr
are agreed is somewhat doubtful.
To an outsider their long and o
painful march to the capital seems
not only rash but the heighs of L.
folly.- It is evident that the bulk c,
of the armies consists of unemployed 0
workmen and not tramps, as is often p
supposed, and the banding together si
of so many of the laboring men will u
greatly emphasize the abnormal s
condition which permits such a F
thing to be possible. But while it
may emphasize the fact, nevertheless
it can scarcely effect any good and
is more than certain to produce r
harm. The assembling of so many r
unemployed and penniless men will
not influence legislation to any ap
preciable extent, and can only make
the leaders criminally responsible
for whatever deeds of violence may
be committed, and men so situated
are apt to be desperate when
they see their demands refused.
They will scarcely consider their 1
demands unreasonable; or even have 1
patience to wait congress' slow delay;
but precipitate trouble which can
only end in misfortune to them
selves
S... ')Whilst the motives which actuate
:- tese man appeals- to the sympathy
of thernation, for all right minded
men deplore a condition that
deprives more than one fifth of our
population of the means of support,
yet few sensible persons can indorse
the means adopted for securing
relief.
Some" of ourcontemporaries; es
pecially those which opposed Gov.
Foster's election, assert that the
nomination of Mr. Ogden was an
anti-admirristration victory. This
assertion is not tree. State poli
tlcs cut a very small figure in the
canvass, and partisans of the late
10tcEnery factiban did what was done
SOn this line. The Foster people
madeno fight of this character.
Sir. Ogden wae the only one of the
.. :src:inIidates that voted for Judge
1 icEterey.- Mr. Ogde~ made the
." anvass the farmers' candidate,
-:-ldn his utterances caught a large
-_.imber of that cass, regardless of
fast factional differences. Num
egrs ofimne who voted for Judge
)rEEiItry srpp'rted Mr. Ogdlen's
 oent s. So far as the issues- of
Sware .concerned the primary
'dide"i " a mixed affair.
1l4,hanmerat-J'lvurnal
When CGov. Northern, of Geor- Un
gia, appointed Pat Walsh, a Roman thl
Catholic, to the United States Sen- CA
ate, riiembers of the American Pro- '1-i
tective Association and other reli- i .e
goious.cranks made furious ass'dalts iltl
upon the governor. Last Saturd!y, Il'
thi
it.v. D)r. J.t,.: Hlawthorne, aleaiding ti
divine of Aitlanta, administered a sa)
s.erh i-ebuke to these fanatics. The red
reverend gentleman delivered a1 If
admirable sermon on the subject of Vol
,"Religious tiberty" which we re- by
gret we cannot reproduce in full. An
He said: thr
'Civil laws which establish one form of na
worship, and forbid or restrict other forms, pei
are based upon the iniquitous and mischiev- its
ous assumption that it is the function of the wil
state to determine -hat is the truel'faith. the
That heresy is the mother of all the religious sal
persecutions, in which the world's best men all
and women *ere sent to prison, to the pil- bit
lory, and to the stake. That heresy re- us'
appears today in an effort to put a recogni- as
tion of Christianity into the organic law of eCr
our republic, and in thle avowed purpose of oi
a great secret combination to prevent men, tic
who holds to a certain religious creed, from an
having any voice in the government under ml
which we live. Down with it! It is the
blackest treason against the rights of man.
It is a devilsh conspiracy against the blood- the
bought freedom bequeathed to us by our the
patriot sires. It is as fiendish as the spirit sto
that kindled the martyr fires of Smithfield, cal
and drenched the soil of France with the tre
blood of liberty-loving and God-fearing
Huguenots. Down with it! Load it with
righteous indignation Brand it with the col
hissing 'on of virtuous scorn. Brain it, me
and dump it back into the place of unclean- tin
ness and outer-darkness from which it da
sprang. no
•''The functions of the state toward reli- pr
gion is.simply to protect it. The protection fai
which it extends to one sect, it must extend
to all -Protestant, Babtist, Jew, fMahamme- %v
dan, and Pagan. Every human being who an
breathes the air of this planet has the
natural right to worship what he pleases,
whether it be God, or pope, or sun, or moon,
or star, or mountain, or tree; and is it the see
solemn duty of the state to protect him in J.
the exercise of that right. IX
"It is a humiliating and galling fact to Al
me, and to millions of other men, that there
still exists in the country, a partial alliance
between religion and civil government. Jo
There is everywhere a growing sentiment
against it. I pray God that I may live to re
see the last vestige of it obliterated, and we
hear ascending from valley and hill-top,
and island and sea, the victorious shout- ne
'Liberty has triumphed: Our country is t
free!' op
"In exempting church property from
taxation, the state patronizes religion. It a
gives to the church whose property it cx- re
exempts, its just proportion of the sum de
needed to defray the expenses of the gov
ernment. This is a violation of the law of th
religious liberty bectuse it compels the Jew, t
the atheist, and the deist to contribute to the g,
support of a religion which they repudiate.
If this city should exempt her barrooms tO
s from taxation, she would thereby compel in
every taxpayer to contribute to the support re
of the barrooms. This would be an out- o,
rage upon the conscience of men who hate oi
S and abhor these crime-breediug institutions. a1
f Is it any less a violation of the rights of he
k conscience to make churches beneficiaries ti
of the city government, And' thereby comn
pel men to support a religion with which tl
they have no sympathy? The burden of st
r supporting any religion should fall only ut
L1 upon those who believe in it, and desire to r
LI see its principles and practices upheld and f,
a promulgatecd.
it "In making appropriations of money for
Christian missions the state makes itself the f
S patron of religion, and thereby violates the
sacred rights of conscience. The govern
:e ment of the United States has done this for
ymany years. It has granted large sums of
L1 money both to Catholics and Protestants to ti
be used in the religious trainining of Amer- ii
ican Indians. I am profoundly astonished
at the congressmen who have voted for such
e oppropr.ations, and I am still nmke
astonished at the people for not protesting
d against this unjust and unconstitutionial J
use of their money. A large share of the
money used for this purpose was taken
from the pockets of Jews. and other non
r believers in the Christian religion. In
c thus compelling them to support Christian
Sity they are robbed of the liberty of con
science. Every person that can read
Sought to know that is a violation of the
Sconstitution of the United States. lie1
ought to know that every congressmen who
e votes for these appropriations violates his
oath of office. But the wrong continues.
The consensus of opinion in every state of
the union is, that the federal governmnent
at has no right to make any such use of the
r people's money. But knowing this, the
t, representatives of the licople for reasons
which they keep' within the solitude of
their own breasts, continue these unlawful
Sappropriations."
Thie election held the other day
- proves conclnsively that the )Demno
v. cratic phalanx in Old ILafayette re
he mains unbroken. In x892 Grover
an Cleveland got 664 votes and at the
is recent eleticon the Democrat.
nonine for representative receIveel
S608 votes.
te In an interview in New York on
ne Friday, Mr. Chas. M. Stol, of Ken
le tucky, one of 1Mr. Brecinridge's
r. attorneys, who had the difficulty
he with Judge Jere Wilson, said: "'You
Igeray say that Col. Breckinridge will
ebe nominnatet andti elected without a
doubt. Thl:ere is hardly a youn'g
e, man in the district that has. not at
ge one time or another been the re-i
of pient of kindlness on the C'slonmc's
a- rt, and the people donn there
ge know the reput-tlion of Miss Pollard
n's a great deal hetter thtan we were
of permitted tp show at the triat." M r.
rry Stoll is a ReCuttblicanl , and is spoken
of as takcpublicai't an,-lf·atc for
( ;s-: risor of-°r'-rtuc'l;y -
i'soiple in s:omec parts of the ar
Union are beginning to realize that At
the Republican party and the Anti- f
Catholic Association known as the 'h
A. P, A. have formed an alliance. colle
'lTh surprising majorities of the 44
Repnblicans in municipal elections T
lately held in Ohio, W\isconsini and AG
Illinois are said to be partly dice to A L
this combination. Speaking of T
this alliance the Chicago Herald M1
says: "Already some of their organs I
realize the danger in the distance. Ii
If Republican papers had not J c
voiced this brutish organization and
by cunning flattery helped it into Mrs
growth, it would not be a factor in A C
American politics. They knew E 1
that the apery it engendered would Mos
naturally tend to help them, es- Her
pecially in local contests. With A C
its aid they have won in some places F
where on high political principles A -
they had honestly lost-in Wiscon- Alf
stin for example. But they foresee Hot
already that as rapidly as the J I
- bigots get the upper hand they will No
- use their power to proscribe others Cor
as they are now proscribing one Ign
f creed. They will turn from religi- re
f ous proscriptioni to race proscrip- S
tion. They will become nativistic Bra
and puritan. The the partnership Ale
r must break." " Jur
e Notice.
At a meeting of the board of directors of
- the Carencro Union Ginnery, limited, held at
their hall on the 2oth inst., it was agreed to D
declare an annual dividend of 1o per cent. on
t stock. Holders of shares are requested to
call and collect same of the manager and
e treasurer. C. C. BROWN.
g Knights of the Maccabees. Lai
Ii The State Commander writes us from Lin- pre
e coin, Neb., as follows: "*After trying other su
medicines for what seemed to be a very obs- an3
tinate cough in our two children we tried Dr. s
King's New Discovery and at the end of two cO
days the cough entirely left them. We will
not be without it hereafter, as our experience
- proves that it cures where all other remedies
n fail."--Signed F. W. Stevens, State Com.- to
d Why not give this great medicine a trial, as Al)
it is guaranteed and trial bottles are free at
SWm. Clegg's Drug Store, Regular size 5oc.
and $1.oo.
.e Police Jury Proceedings.
S LAFAYETTE, LA. April 30, 1894.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members present:
Ford IIoffpauir, C. C. Brown, R. C. Landry,
SJ. G. St. Julien, II. M. Durke and A. A.
Delhomme. Absent: A. D. Landry and
;o Alfred Hebert.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
e read and approved. ple
e The sum of $25 was granted unto Mrs.
t. Jos. Hebert indigent.
( The Tury of freeholders appointed to
retrace the old Abbeville road made a report
which was accepted an ordered opened and
d worked.
, The report of the Jury to trace a road
near Scott conncting the l)uson and L.afay
ette road with the public road on the north L
side of the railroad was accepted and ordered
opened as a public highway.
s The report of the Jury appointed to trace
It a road from Lafayette to J. 0. Broussard's
store by way of Creighton's bridge made a
report which was accepted and the road
m declared a public highway.
v- Mr. Jean Albarado appetred and asked
,f that his name be corrected in the report of
the jury of freeholders filed lMarch 26, 1894,
from Joseph Albaredo to Jean Albarado, H
ec granted and change ordered made.
e. The sinm of $9.2o was ,-r.lered refunded
as to Mlrs. Francois Clotio for stock sold.
el Ir. Gordly was authorized to have printed
1 in pamphlet form an embodiment of all law
rt relative to the duties and powers of road- -
*t- overseers.
to By tmotion it was resolved that' article Ist
of the stock law, adopted Jan. 2d 1893, he
S. and is hereby amended as to read: It shall
of he the duty of the constables of the respec
es tive wards, of the parish, to take into their
u- possession and keep in accordance wi:h the
reqtuiremenlts of the stock law all stock that
'h they may find roaming at large as well as
of stock delivered to the.m, by priv.te individua s
ly up)n proper showing that said stock we e
to roaming at large.
The colmmittee on drainage subtmitted the
nd following'enactnm'nts which were read and
on motion duly adopted:
or 5cTIr}ON t. lie it ordainedl. That the parish of
1.,:fao cite s e and the s:lme is heroby divided into tle
he oliti tln "drainage districts" for itht purpose of the
he mre radly drainieng tlte lands in salid parish, rder
tile pro-isirns of act No. to7 of tile regtelar session of
n- the t lncr;l Assembly of the Statc. ,cf iSs:. al,grovcd
July 1t2t. 888, a ncatlecl bL acet No. 8; snd -'2. of
hfor tsr. The patrish of Lafayette is hereity divided into
of ri ttdrainage district. chose limits and braundary
is hereby fixed the same as the iolie Jury w;ards
to the parish.
Scrtosx 2. lie it further ordained. That the follow
er- in land oners, residents of tlle respectie drainage
he districts he and are herebhy .tpoeinted olnmssionlcrs
fed o their respectie districts to wit:
ch sta I)istrict: I'. A. Cthiasson, P. A. nelhomnlte
Ican Irgonnud.
e 2d Iltrlct: Jos. WI. BlrroSssard, Ford Hoffpa ir,
i)r. M. I.. L.yons.
i0g 3rd DListrict: T'hos. F. Wcbh Jr.. Alce Landry.
Joe. A. ileesax.
4th District: Octave Thcriot, Olivior Blanchet.
the Adrtin Tr hntll.
5th District: Jules E. Langlinass. .A. Olvier. Lucas
Ce lBernard.
in 7th District: H. O. iroussard. Lsiecn ronulssard.
Onedine l.agnniaim.
80- f th Iitrict: L. . lrcasux .John A. Landry. A. i).
SO S.tOn 3 Be it Iurther ordained. That the duties
nd of staid commissioners shall collist ill openitlg andlre
ecleoilngtll the natural draits in thei rcspectcmse
t districts;r they shall have tall pooerto make contracts
lie for that utrpose; and approes nad accept tie sae
froms tile parties otth whom said conteacts are made;
rho thSy hall like.wise hass the po~ser of ctttisg asad
op ning nfr drins when deelmed necesstry: pror-ided
S tbat when in the estimation of saida cmmiionors it is
nes ensary to otlt and open nlew drains the malttr
shall e submitted tthe property tax pvcri of slttid
of district. esho shall dci-ide on the adrist.bihty. of sense
tnd ni the manner anl Ir-atiol in, which soil d tri5s
cot shall he cttt and opened; the opinion of tile majority
the aoll said tax payers shall govern in all such cnse.
said opinion to he expresed either by ballot or by
the pelitton dtly vilnecd.
SsRrlO 4 l.e it furtherordlusined. Tha t eshen th
005 parties with whom the said district cnluttsissioners
shall hase contracted, shall have flulfilled the condi
tions ol their contract. the said Ccslntlissionsrs shall
eful te a written approval of the work done antd shall
certifiy that said parties have complied with tlheir
contr.sct. and tha tthe mouot claimed for said work
i* correct. nd upten p:esc-ltttion ot said certificate
Thy O'"apro'sl to ths presidsnt of thl police iury. lie
shnll~lrta a wa:trrant for the satta tlupoa tihe tund.
fo approprtsted for that pttrpso.
Sit.. it r~ther ordllined. 'That shotlld it become
re accessnry o ca-rry ottt thLe provistons el this ordtnatlce.
a ta m~hay b\eleied on all the property assessed in
ec ftdtistrict, not to exeed five mills on the dollar.
t n lecry.enid tax, the cnsnmiseionets ot
of tleir respective districts once a year fOr esery ten
Vl yearS. tlte sx proposedto he levied in said district.
nnd shold twouthirds in value sad nthntber of all the
land lvnlrs in said dietrict he in favor of said tax,
the said tax shall be lexeid and collected by tse
piole jury ) osther taxe. and placed to the crcdit ol
saud dtisft it to be srsed for the pnrposes designated in
on thi' ordsnance.
ls it further ordained, That this ordinance she l
Sttake effectt'from 'sd alter its p:asage.
lie it ttrthcr ordoined, that the sltm or two httndrcd
p S dodllsrs b. 'ad the sntae is hereby spproapiatcd osns
[ thtf fun not otllerxie a eeppropriateed o: eh drtinage
i dlis!ri,:t jusr~t e~t ,hrcd, said amoulnt to be used for
k'Otl tile p'trpc·e of olpcning the natttrntdra ins hyv whichl
V hel I ahlit roads may be dr'ined in each respective
It lcit fsthesr ordained th't said dietrict commist
' sioners ,e tstsl, are hlcrhy r ltttorized to conttract or
untr let s'nsse 5li1t 'a tsltts tty eltct.
" ; Xl,~sr. Ugin il P..innauz., C('lemsile (2trmsir., V. I:.
re i_ t S cllt -cc alyO,..led ajnr v-tn1trce n pt:tlii roadt
;'rol; l tr.:il !,a!,ill't'..*-; rccsro. n stid road ntot to
l r ltl -r-. Its,.h lInts.:hansn, F. tBotins. Wiillel Post.
s ell;irs .erstp noifttssdttnlt a |nry to trect a road ftrty
, tcest : 'l,!,: fr,l t )et lon slttlon to the li.nits o1t I.nfala
" sere : ,:tie''es cctsi s o.rss vith the Rayt:e road, in
r. ,.,-,. Alfred l!:cctnt'. F. Vincent. Pierre Sisnaton.
,!;en. LaTsse X~histilltton. otI h fnotis. Wlltanltter andJahn
Nnuent t:tre api,,iisted ajutry to tralce a re.ad trom
4 %,I. I,"v.: tl ir xl.hr h' , l: : lt ellttlr+' t-.,
pproPia.ion 14o1.to 0ca ofo she res cctiv.: wards H
for the purpose of repei the public roads.
A commuonirstio from r.-Alfredt Hcbcrt asking
for S75 to repair the old elousas public road was
road hit to action taken breon.
The sectttarv wasauthered to adjust account with
Sheriff Biroussard relative the parish interert in fnes
collected, as opposed to t interest of Shool Board. lIEN
The treasurers rerort, *wing a cash balance of
X45.4 'aws received.
The following acaxnts were laid over: 17th
A Gladu, coroner's fe ........................$10o
A L LeIBlanc, sheriff fees ................. 35
The following accents were approved: writ
M T Gordy, district ay's fees.......... S230 Juli
M T Martin, interpretr at court...... 20 dad 1
Z Doucet, stationery fr election...... 4 have
H Billaud. feeding prksners.............. 157 75 aucti
J C Buchanan, Stdte Bard of Assess- print
ment............ .... ...................... 6 50 La
MrS. Alfred Chargoisfeeding jury. 6 oo00
P A Delhomme, consable fees........ 5 55 bets
A Cheffer, lumber............................. 9 70 desc
E H Vordenbaumen, lmber.............. 133 50 porti
Moss WvMouton, lumer.................... 173 23 estat
Hervillien Simoneaux.house rent.... 5 ish a
A Greig, retturning ofcer...........50....... So fifty
Ford Hoffpauir, Alec M Broussard, Hugh dept
Wagner, Chas A Bouceaux, Felix Bernard, nort
A A Delhomme, R C Greig, J L Mouton, of s:
Alfred Chargois, J E louton, P L DeClouet, of s
Horace Martin, Octal Theriot, P R Roy, the
J E Pelleriti, A L Labbe, Eloi Bonin, owr
J S Broussard, A a Labbe, A Olivier, and
Norbert Morvant, Adtlphe Broussard, Emile eigh
Cormier, Erville Simocaux, A C Guilbeaux, unti
Ignace Bernard, Alide Broussard, L G spec
Breaux, R S Thomas C Doucet, commis- Ber
sioners of election, $; each. The
Darmas Broussard, Adrien Theall, L S be I
Broussard, Sarrazin Txahan, Engene Baudoin, Lat
Alex Verrot; tracingroad, $24. of t
Thera bsing no further buianess the Police An:
Jury adjourned.
FORD HOFFPAUIR, President. I
R. C. GREIG, Secretary.
Demand of Administration.
STATE OF LOUISIANA PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE.
Whereas, J. J. Servat, of the parish of
Lafayette, has filed in said Court a petition
praying to be appointed administrator of the
succession of Marie E. Picard, deceased,
any person intending to make opposition to
said appointment will file the same in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, otherwise said appointment All
will be made.
Given under my official signature in the
town of Lafayette, La. this r19th day of
April, A. D. 1894.
L W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court4
J. Lechleiter
THE CRIPPLED SOLDIER, V
CIGAR MANUFACTURER,
JENNINGS, LA. C
Good Cigars for $z8 per Thousand. Sam Lt
ples : 50 for $I..
FINE
MILLINERY. '
LOVELY STYLES
-AT
MRS. M. E. SIMPSON'S 1,
who is now receiving her wi
SPRIG 3AND SUMMER
GOODS.
HATS,
d FLOWERS,
FEATHERS,
LACES.
CIVE HER A CALL.
I WUT AM 0. ilCllMl N
CONSULTING
-AND -
Contracting Engineer.
Construction and Ereotion of
I IGIX GRADE
:f STEAM GENERATING PLANTS.
of Sugar House Plants, j
COLEMAN
System of returning Condensed
Steam direct to boiler.
THE COLEMAN
Chimney Base Feed Water Heater.
THE COLEM AN
Hot Blast Automatic 13agarse Feeder
THE COLEMAN
et. Hollow Blast Bar Bagasse Burner.
as THE COLEMAN
Sectional Safety Water" Tube Boiler
most E-onomical Boiler Made.
1REPRLESENTING
The i. T. Dnidan Sugar Keuo lumps,
Polsitive at all Positions of Etroko
Fulton Steam Boiler Works.
Horizontal Stationary Tubular Boilers
ots Flange Steel,.00 000 lbs. Tonsil Strength
ld The Improved heelock a utomatle Engine,
tC Especially adapted to Driving Sogar
anme Mills.
SBerlin Iro Bridge Companr 'o Iron andSteal
Bnildlng sf-r Nooses and
by B]anifaetnting Plants.
S51 Iagazlna St., New Orleans, La.
ball
ob The Modonald Automatio
~: Zydraulo Pressuztre Regulator
cc. Bas been in sneeeasfol operation for 9
yin ears and is highly endorsed by the
of leading Sager Planters of Louisians.
1, My Patent HasNot Expired and
;h I Will Proseoute All Infringe
1 ments. For particulars address,
JOHN S. McDONALD,
hal 78 Customhouse St.
P. O Box 1219. New Orleans, La.
slrrdi,
nce VERYBODY
f or noansas nootlhiug of Photgtnrpay nowadave.
as it has becomo zasenspe~,be i ever
Od INDUSTRY AnD
mis- ART.
Sor WHY DON'T YOU BUY
a camera. sud learn to take rieuresi I'on will
s'. IC. find it ooeoftte enliet. of arts to toaster atis
d I.. we 'ill tarke as mo oh ple-mure in teanhing yen
SHOW TO USE
s a $.50 Watch GCamersa, as a $200 outfit, free of
If you osnnot it np a Dark Room of your owe
wt t will do ino;r developing and printing at
tIsodlrte prices. Give usa trial.
I, i Photom-rnphere Beppllem oetEvery
IJaecrlptlion arwaym irn stock.
SHERI FF'S SALE.
No. 3S3t.
11ENRI B5.RTII1MANCI t; ICIER"1AUX VS. ArN
ASTrASIE Bt:RNASIR, rTU'RIX, ETC.
17th )udic ial District (,ourt-PF: isih of La
fayette, La.
Notice is hereby given that by virtide s-f a
writ of fiera firreas issued fromn thhle 17th
Judicial District Court in the above entitled
and numbered suit, and to me dlret:ied, I
have seized and will offer for sale at public
auction, to the last and highest bidder at the
principal front door of the court-liotise, at
Lafayette, La., on
Saturday, May 5, 1894.
between the legal sale hours, the following
described peoperty to-wit: The western
portion of lot No. I of the inventory of said
I estate situated in the town of Carencro, par
ish and state aforesaid, and having a front of
fifty-eight feet on S$. Peter steect, by a
h depth of one huudred and four feet, bounded
north by St. Peter street, south by lot No. 2,
of said inventory, east by the other portion
of said lot, and west by Lucie Bernard, on Ti
the following terms, to-wit: Two-thirds cash of
, orr day of sale and balance payable in one gi
and two years in equal installments, with pi
e eight per cent. per annum interest from date
until paid, said portion to be secured by
special mo.rtgage in favor of Dame Anastasie
sBernard, in whose favor notes must be given.
The said property herein seized and sold to
S be free from special mortgage of the minors,
i, Laurentine and Antonia Guchereaux, issue
of the marriage of Antoine Guchereaux, with
:e Anastasie Bernard.
I. A. BROUSSARD, Sheriff.
Lafayette, March 3x, 1894.
O Cheap Store I
I LOUIS NOLLIVE,
o Watchmaker, Jeweler,
AND OPTICIAN.
to Gold Mledal awarded at Exposition o
n 1878. Repairing of fine watches a specialty
nt All work cheap and guaranteed.
Lafayette, La.
he
of p.-Ofposite MIouton ' Sallr' S re.
H. P. FOURNET,
AGENT OF
W. A: Vandercook,
WHOLESALE DEALEI IN
Choice Wines and Brandies
· Los Angelos, San Francisco and
Arizona.
OFFICE and DEPOT.
ST. IMARIINVILLE, : : : : L : : IA.
MT. CARMEL CON VENT,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
S The system of Elucation incluvles the
French and l Enli;h langiuages, Mu-ic :ani
all kinds of nec.llc-\lrk. Every- attentinm,
will lie given to the health an!1 coifor;to f
those placed under the care of the Sister:s.
IFor terms apply to the Superior. 1-24
MRS. i. L. `MON:leI1,
. Dressmaker
Desires to inform her friends and the gen
eral public, that she is: prcepared to take in
sewing, and solicits the making a fine dresses.
II-2---4m.
Cord Wood for Sale.
ASH, - - $3.50 per cord
MIXED, - - 3.00o " "
Address:
LAFAYETTE RICE MILL,
Lafayette, La.
S. HORSES nCHMiCAGOa nTABLE S
HONEST DEALING ISandlel, TWork and I.n in:'n,
Low PRICES 1Li'is Alluction W"eekly.
Write us and you woilt save money.
Come and see
ad
Mouton Bros.
r. DaAI.ERS tIN
GENERAL
iL. eerchandis e
or Lowest prices consistent
writh quality of qoods.
Sold by T-.MIAAN & QDOWET, Lafayette; JULES PETETIN., S.nset E. V. B'ARRY, G oij J
Coteau E MCAUD, eveners
I Big Store
2 ' ware room~s--..-
Has just bought, for cash, at low piicds, Ail itnmmense stock of
DRY GOODS, oLOTHING,
BOOTS, SHOES AND HATS,
HARDWARE, FURNITURE;
TINWARE, GROCKERY, ETC.,
i To which he invites the attention
of intending buyers, promising to
e give as cheap, if not cheaper
p prices, ,than found elsewhere
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up'to Date Merchant
h SELLS CHEAP.
Groceries
Liquors M "
Crockery
f Willoware
and o
Fancy
goods .
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA
or +t+s W.. L. DOUGLAS
od  $3 8HOE ainm..
S85, 84 and $3.50 Dress Shoe.
A. :a 83.50 Police Shoe, 8 Soles.
- 82.50, 82 for Workingmen.
S"~2 and 81.75 for Boys.
.  %LADIES AND MISSES,
. '; ' 83, $2.o0 82, $1.7
S" `CAUTTON.-If any deeleor
of~ses San W. L. Douagla
2) out' tho usarne stamped
W. L. DOl LASi 4 Shoes are styishD, easy etiting, and give better
satisic 3tion at tie prices advertised than any odiler make. Try one patr and be con
vinced. The stamping of NV. L. Douglas' name and price on the f t-om, whli.
_ guarantees their value, c-ves thousands of dollars annually It those who wear them.
Dealers vwho push the sale of WV. L. DOuglas Shoes gain customers, which helps to
Sincrease the sales on their full line of goods. They can auforil to acl at sa Icos profit,
;es. and we believe :ynu can daro v nzu'y by bgying :all yoar f.,otWyiar ..i tlbs. , ealcr advsK.
Usuod below. staltogis ]free upoa opplteatlio. W. ir* ItOiJ43LAS. U5rocktis~. 311m.
LEO DOUCET. AGENT
rdFASHION'2 FANCY
Has been fully considered in making our purchases for this
Spring and Summer.
k. Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls
kly.
"y. Have had their Wants and Wishes considered and can be
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry Goods, Clothing, Shoes and Hats
Novelties and Gent's Furnishings
ARE ONE FEAST OF BARGAIN S
We are the. People's Store.
ant L. LEVY & SON . InT