if ' -i. " , . . ·
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1895. NUMBER 32.
i i. n . n nn ni i-.-''H iam'~ m~lii aman, 'IiI I g • m a n n mn unn"ntnmmumuu..unm~ nmmnmmnm- n mnmnmmnn nn m m n inmn n "(In Iu • H l mlmn nn i .... . . u I•n • I n ima i ununn•numnm nmnmmnn umn mnIlnnl~lm mmm
MOUTON BnO9S.
-DBALERS IN-
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
LiMesi Avenue, : LAFAVETTE, LA,
C. A. VOORHIES,
ADDRESS:
DerblMy and Esplanade St., New Orleans, La
Represents
WM. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
793 and 7S5 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS. MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madisoa St., LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.Attor neyes at Latv,
LAFA.YETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
LEED Stable.
FEED e.
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
-irst-class rigs at reasonable prices,
Dreful drivers furnished when required
LAAYETT,. LA.
Jan T7.
C. DEBAILLON,
LA.V .WYE1E.
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary
iad Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
nad New Orleans.
i.LArPA TTI, 1LA
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "'OLD .RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARMEL CON T
LAFAYETTB, L.A.
The system of education includes the
rench and English languages, Music
tnd all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfnrt of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WEELYUIGHT ani SUPPLY SHOP.
]near flank Builllag.
,FRED MOUTON, Proprietor,
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to
atisfaction guaranteed.
IH. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA
E. 0. VOORI-ES,
TTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete, La.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Pariah 11 years, calls
attention to his new and succoassful troeat
nment of the respiratory organs. liedi
eaul inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure ia
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat.
ment and relief in the third period.
Deatness and shxonia dipeases in gem.
wal a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Careful tand prompt attention given te
tbe collection of hil a amounts, notes os
£rafts. Sale and parease of lands as
tended to. 1-19
C. II. MOUTON,
.Attoruney at I ,Law
p,- NorL , L.
NOW.
!hller what shirks an' Is laiP
Ain't no Use ltVin'. I vow!
aut I tell yi.r who is the daisy
theC teller thet does things noea
He's never procrastinatil'
An' tellin' ye "why" an' '"how,"
When the doin' on't 's what.he's hatia's
He jest goes and does it not, .
Et the eordwbod calls for a tussle
'Thet'll bring the sweat to his brow,
Be gBits out his saw with a hustle,
An' tack:es the job right nat.
The ebal that talks of ter-morrer
is Crooked somewheres. I 'llow;
In payin' what he may borror,
He never gits round ter soa,
But the telle that starts on the minute
LThe crows don't roost on his p!ow
Et 't rains he ain't workin' out in it,
'Cause he gits his hay in otw.
Ef ysr lookin' ter what'll suit per,
Yer kin take offyer hat an' beW
Ter the chap thet's short on the htttr:.
An' aker·I long on now.
-h'rank ltoe Batohelder. in Life.
A LOCAL COLOR TRAGEDY.
sT EDITI iiISfSIONS TUPPER.
HEN Violet Lin
gard annontnotd
s/ ~e Was going in
for literature
" ° <there were those
among uip wbd
taoled. Violet
was so alarming
I ly pretty, one
would never sus
pect her of pos
sessing brains. She was one of those
girls with alluring faces-the sort of
benute-dix-diable of which t)hidh is al
ways writing1 eyes of most unholy
blue and lips which could smile a man's
soul away. A fascinating minx with
the most graceful and winning man
ne', a being of moods, tender, repel
l7gi, kindly and icy by turns, she had
created havoc and strewn devastation
wherever hltr dainty feet had trod.
Suddenly she Wearied of the endless
round of gayety an) fashion to which
from her teens she had been accus
tomed and amazed her coterie by de
claring her intention of writing real-,
istic novels. Of course everyone said
it was merely a fad and would soon
blow over. lut it didn't, that was the
astounding part of it.
Her first novel attracted more than
passing notice. She was commended
for her original and audacious style,
her clever plot and a certain dainty
feminine touch. She was written
about, .nterviewed, her beauty and
talent were praised by the paragraph
ers and all the details of her luxurious
life were brandished about the coun
try. From being merely a typical so
ciety girl, a young woman of elegance
and fashion, she suddenly became a
somebody to be pointed out and stared
at and raved about.
This spasmodic adulation pleased
Violet. She had always feasted upon
flattery but now she reveled in it. She
threw herself into a life of feverish
emotion, became cynical, disdainful,
and thought of nothing but her miser
able ambition.
Local coloring came to be an abso
lute mania with her. She was al
ways prating of "atmosphere" and
"realism." One can stand a lot of in
fernal nonsense from a pretty woman,
but really poor Violet often grew ac
tually tiresome with her endless rhap
sodies about "the divinity of realism."
It was just after publishing her sec
ond novel, a combination of ingenuity
and wickedness, a smartish, brackish
story you wouldn't have liked your
sister to write, that the girl decided to
go to the far west in search of "local
color" for the next attempt.
"Yes," she drawled, with the fine
lady air of disdain she had assumed
since her success, "yes, I am going in
search of local color and a hero. I
may take a cowboy for the latter
who knows? They tell me those fel
lows are delightfully original and as
breezy as the winds from the Rockies."
She made up her mind she had not
been raisinformed when, a month
later, she met Jack Weatherby.
WVeatherby was a child of the plains.
He had never been east of the Missis
sippi and had an infinite contempt for
the land of the rising sun. lie had
hunted- for a living; he had been a
cowboy and raised as much of a rum
pus in mining camps as the next fel
low. Now he owned his own ranch
JI V
Tn E UERO OF TuE NEXT NOVEL.
and herds; had settled down some
what and had begun to think he would
like a wife and home.
lie was a handsome fellow, as fiery
as the mustang he rode and as tender
hearted as a woman-some women.
Iis ranch lay in the shadow of the
Sangre do Zhristo range, next to that
of the Athertons, where the New York
girl was stopping. Its acres stretched
to the shadowy foot hills and over
them. roaned the sleek, well-fed crea
tures of which he was so proud.
It was two days after her arrival
that he saw her first. He had ridden
over to see Tom Atherton, the big
muscular Englishman, who was his
particular crony, and had come down
the tral with his customary "lHark"
and "Whoop," As though riding the
ightles.s couriers of the air, he dashed
up to the little Bower gardeal, spar
intd obste gliaglia combraireUpping,
taad letting out a yell which could hbua
been heard in Denver. And there l'y
the-side of pretty lrs. Atherton- sat a
stranger, a visiin, Iti a iijifeL. Ihe as
ttiiished la' ehnian blushed and stam
theted like a school boy as he bowed
awkwardi.v and apolgis de feoi hid
Apachdieiike detent. 11'ho *as thlt
divinity in palest pink, this radiant
creature with hair like gold and eyes
of heaven's awtd blue? "My ifir~idt
Miss Lingard, from New York," Mi.a
Atherton had said. Pshawl She was
a celestial being straight trom Pars
alse.
I iave always pitied Weatierbyi.
Never for one moment could I blame
him. He was a primitive man with
savage instincts lurking in his breast.
Brave, loyal, straightfof*ard hlihiself,
how could he dream of the treacherfoti
etitel blows cd, little ;dit *Uite hand
was Cepable of dealing.
Violet found this sturdy, brawny
ranchero a delightful study- and de=
cided he i hoiili be the iiedi' d heidf i .et
novel.. His quaint wit and *oetlt faui
cldr borii f the tijisas aiid the izdduu;
tains, his forcible and often ungrani
matical speech were faithfully noted;
his emotions were played upon, his
heakrt a. t.iPbed. And he never
dreamed he was being experimented
on. HIe loved this exquisite creature,
this dainty, soft, purring beaoity; iA lid
lovwed hi 11Ni. li ddveted liei laid
longed to shut her close to his big,
faithful, honest heart.
At last came the night when Violet
carried her passion for "atmosphere"
and "local coloring" to its climax.
They had gone for their enstomarly ven,
ing stroll, and had climbed up a lofty
buitte to a broad ledge of rockl. At
their feet yawned the canyon, tre
mendous, awful, black, save where the
moonlight touched the opposite wall
with ghostly fingers. Back of them
loomed the range like the battlements
of a phantom city. Through the pines
in the canyon the wind cante sighing
in mournful cadence. While far, far
below sounded the faint rushing of
water-the river tumbling and foam
ing along over its rocky bed.
"What a weird place," cried Violet
with a pretty little shudder, "and
what'a ghost-like night. Why did we
never come up here before, Jack?
What a scene!"
VWeatherby was lying at her feet
where he had thrown himself to rest
after their climb. lie turned his face,
white in the moonlight, toward her,
and fixing his dusky, unfathomable
eyes upon her,. said: "I kept this plate
for this hour. I meant to bring you
HIE STOOD AS IF TUBnNED TO bSTOE.
here when I got my courage to the
point where I could say all that is in
my heart. alany a time down there,"
pointing to the ranch lying below, "1
have lookedchp here and thought of the
time I would bring you to tell you how
I love you."
For one instant Violet felt a queer
little thrill. The simple dignity of his
declaration almost moved the worldly,
cold-blooded girl. Then she thought
of her local coloring. "What a situa
tion for my novel," she said to her
self; then aloud, gently: "So you real
ly love me, Jack?"
"Love you?" he echoed, passionately,
as he rose and sat down beside her.
"Violet, look," taking her hand, "my
heart lies here in this dear little hand."
Then throwing all reserve to the
winds, he seized her and kissed her,
madly, tempestuously.
She struggled. to free herself and at
length succeeded. "HJow dare you?"
she demanded; "how dare-"
"flow dare I?" lie cried. "Why,
dearest, I love you-I love you, do you
hear? And you, you love me a little,
do you not?" Ile was approaching her
again, when she said, contemptuously:
"No; not a bit. I have simply been
studying yoe."
He stood as if turned to stone.
"Studying me," he said, in a queer
voice, "studying-why-why?" he sav
agely demanded, as hie caught her
wrist and held it in an iron grip.
"You were so different," she fal
tered, a bit frifghtened at his sudden
ferocity. "I wanted a new type for
my 'book, you know. I suppose Tom
told you I write books-"
An absolutely murderous look swept
over WVeatherby's face. "No," he
said, "no one told me that. So you
write books? And you wanted to put
me in ib--was that it? Answer me,
answer me."
"Yes," she murmured, faintly.
"And that was all? You never loved
me-never meant to marry me?"
"W'Vhy, no, how could I? I arn to be
married in the fall to a man in New
York-"
A snarl like that of an infuriated
beast interrupted her. Livid with rage,
he sprang toward her. Once again he
crushed her, shrinking and trembling,
to his breast, thelcn dragged her to the
very edge of the canyon, gaping lilho
the bottomless pit to receive them.
And as her agonized screams pierced
the soft summer night, WVeatherby,
still holding her against his outraged
heart, stepped off.
They found them next day in the
bottom of the canyon. Violet's lovely
face was past recognition, but on
Vesthlerby's lingered . bmnlo of suchl
awful trlumph as would have pleas.e
iBe vroh~'ho d hlaiseIL-T-ruth.
THE DECEPTION EXSOSiBO.
Yoters Last Phlr re ncoed by Me- I
i 4tibiitswtM *lilepreneistiouiA
It is largely assumed by our repilb
lican friends that the men of demo- 1
cratie antecedents who voted the re- I
.tptilbliiiS tileit lait fail will do so this e
year and next tOti the mine teasoed.
Hence they enttertain very lively hopes
of a victory in Kentucky this year and t
of sweeping the cadntt'y next year. t
This tiew opiits several itportant I
factors. Last year the republicans
told the people and tmade some of s
thbrii ielieie that the demideorate
brought 6i thhe )fnic and were respon- C
sible for the depression ilb business. 1
They told the people that the tarilf i
bill which became a law last August 1
*ttiild be followed by reductions of I
wages; suspensiosis of the mills and i
general distress. They also promised c
that it eontrol of the house was given
them they would put an end to taiff 1I
agitation.
In +ia~ `f this plan of campaign, yet
fresh in the minds of tiro people; Sen.
stor te'sWd; of New York, rdteiitlty
said that teid t'ise iri wages must neces
sarily be temporary, for ilriTews it was I
so the republicans "were wrong and t
had been wsvng all the time." Yet a
the increase tii Wages has continued c
and now they are higher in some in- c
stances tiiat they were before the I
phnid This is a revelation to titore 1
people than Mdnator Lexow. It must p
be especially a revelation to those who I
thonght last fall that the democrats
had caused the panic. What really i
eaused the panic is thus told in an ex- C
chang'e: 1
"The reason tot the passiag of the itlherman
act was stated long ago by Senator Jones Of
Nevadas whd was on' of the conferrees. hbe
McKinley bill WaS sent td the senate by the
house about the middle of May: Sitator C
Jones servel notice on his republtd:S t%4
leagues when the silver bill was in conference
committee early in July that it the committee
did not agree enough votes of republican sen
ators from dilver states would be cast against
the MoKinley bill, which had not been taken
up for codtsderatiod at that thlme to defeat it.
That threat was efftctivc, and the sliver coai
promise bill was passed, and then the icddKin
ley bill went through afterward. Elvery one
can see now that it would have been far bet
ter for the republioan party if that throat had
been treated with indltferene. Had the ro
suit been the defeat of tb,a McKinley bill the
democrats wOuld have been deprived of the C
ammunitiOn which enabled the n to Win the 1
sweeping victories of 119) and 13192 and to pass
the Wilson-Gorman bill There would have
been no industrial panic in 1893-OL If there
had boon no legislation on the silver question
there would have been no increased purchases
of silver and no flnanial panio in 19" 1"
The candid and truthful statement
is taken from that well-known repub
lican paper, the Chicago Tribune, of
July 6, 1895. In the light of the facts
there set forth it is clear that the voters
who hold the balance of power in the
elections of last fall were buncoed by
being made to believe that the depres- I
sion in business, reductions of wages
and general distress were due to the
accession of the democrats to power 1
and the tariff legislation that followed. 1
Such republicans as Senator Lexow
and the editor of the Tribune see
clearly enough now that this is not the
case, and it is not to be presumed that
the democrats who were deceived last
fall can be induced tQ vote the repub
lican ticket a second time forthe same
reason.
The extract cited from the Tribune
shows that the corrupt bargain' by
which the McKirnley bill and the Sher- 1
man bill became laws was at the bot
tom of all the business troubles of the
last two years. The Wilson bill, there
fore, had nothing to do with them, and
if business revival and advance of
wages should not be permanent it will
be due entirely to matters affecting
the currency, and not at all to the re
vision of the tariff. The currency agi
tation is the only thing which now 1
threatens the continuaneq of prosper
ity. Whether the republicans, when 1
congress meets, will keep their pledge
not to revive tariff agitation remains 1
to be seen. At all events, it is pretty
clear that they will not be able to
work the tariff as the cause of busi
ness depression for any democratic 1
votes at the coming election. Thatde- 1
ception has been pretty effectually ex
posed by the "inexorable logic of
crvents."-Louisville Courier-Journal.
NOTES AND COMMENTS.
- Politics just now is too dead to
bury. Is it the calm before the storm?
Is the republican ark built?-Albany I
Argus.
- Any calamity howler in the coun
try can quit howling and go to work
at better wages than were paid under
the McKinley tariff.-Chicago Chron
icle.
- McKinleyism is continually re- I
ceiving punctures in its tire in the al
most daily reports of wages advancing
and the general resumption of fac
tories throughout the country. -Toledo
Bee.
- Instead of lying awake over the 1
gold reserve, take another look at the
corn fields, where tons and train loads
of gold are being made ready for the
enrichment of the nation.-St. Louis
Republie.
--Ohio cannot aford a dollar to
pay for an Atlanta exhibit. McKinley
ism in the governorship is as disastrous
to financial solvency in the state as it
was to prosperity in labor and industry
for the nation.--Chicago Chronicle.
:- There never was a time in the
history of the country when a man
that toils was paid so many dollars for
it, and when those dollars bought so
many of the necessaries of life. This
is under a democratic tariff.--lewiston
(Me.) Sun.
-Of course the roaring sea serpent
has never been so numerous or so
Slarge as since the passage of the WVil
son bill This is but another of the
unanswerable arguments in favor of
getting back to McKinleyis~-De-
troit Free Press.
--"VWhen the republicans are in
power the tr.easury always takes care
of itgf." nays the Globe-Democrat, re
ferring to tbhe assistance rendered by
the bond syndicate. Yes, we all re
member how it took care of itself dur
ing the administration of President
Ilarrison. The gold reserve amounted
to nearly 3900,000,000 when be received
it frotm Pr,8identa Cleveland, and only
about $100,000,0O~ when drelivetrd to
Shtmim fou e Iwter e w pt I.QU ]
publig i
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.
Metere lShow the Wisdom of Tarlif e
detles.
'he total value of imports during the
last fiscal 3deda' tas $731,957,875, against
$654,994,622 the previ~ae year, an in
crease of $76,903,253. In view of the
treat industrial and commercial de
pression which prevailed last year the
value of imports was large, it having
been exceeded only five times in the
history of the country.
On the other hand, the value of do
mestic etports was $793,397,890, against
$869,204,937 the year before, a decrease
of $7,807,047. Notwithstanding the
large increase in imports and decrease
in exports, the latter exceeded the for
mer by 81,44-i,015. The exports of last
year have been exceeded eight times
in our history, and once-in 1892--by
over 8242,000,000.
In view of the fact that for ten
months of the last fiscal year the im
ports came in under the new tariff law
h comparison of some of the principal
itenls with the same for the year be*
fore will be of interest.
Of art works, which were put on the
free list by the new law, we imported
to the value of 83,843,007 last year,
agailst· i1424,394 the year %*fore. Of
chemicals, drib;' and dyes, tkt duties
on which were materially reducAd, we
imported $43,552,569 worth, against
$17,6b3,170 the year before. Of cotton
goods we imported $33,195,333, against
$22,346,547 the year before; of earthen,
stone and chinaware, $8,050,034, against
$4,879,437; of iron and steel, $23,037,337,
against $21,314,450; of leather and man
ufactures thereof, $13,819,019, against
$90,416,145. On all these goods the
duties were considerably reduced.
lint while there was a decided in
crease in the importation of all these
articles, the duties on which were
modefately reduced, there was also an
increase in imports of goods which
were free under tile pfd law and still
remain free. Thus ther& was an in
crease from $90,314,676 to $0S, i299,326 in
coffee, from $16,786,152 to $0.,122,934 in
hides and skins others than furs, and
from $15,152,333 to $18,477,057 in un
manufactured rubber and gutta
percha. And, again, there was a de
crease in the importation of some ar
ticles the duties on which were re- e
duced. For example, from $18,954,771
to $17,230,933 in fruits, including nuts;
from 3,60,3,8.33 to $2,489,581 in lead and
manufactures thereof, and from $18,
154,073 to $17,813,834 in wool and manu
factures thereof.
The imports ol sugar and molasses
fell from $126,914,104 ,to $76,492,302.
This decrease of more than $50,000,030
was due in part to the enormous im
portations in anticipation of the 40 per
cent. duty, and in part, and principal
ly, to the great fall in the foreign price
of raw sugars.
The value of wool, which was put op
the free list, increased .from $6,107,438
to $23,556,421, and the value of wooled
goods, the duties on which were re
duced about one-half, increased from
$19,301,850 to 836,542,391. But the in
crease in these articles, as in the case
of others the duties on which were
considerably reduced, was in no amall
measure due to restriction of im
ports in 1891 in anticipation of lvwer
duties.
On the whole the returns indicate
that the reduction of the tariff has
stimulated importations, but it is too
early yet to make very confideuS de
ductions.-Chicago Chronicle.
IT IS A PUZZLER.
Protectlonists Are "Unable to Accouent for
Increasing Prosperity.
If the average reader can divest him
self of the anxiety induced by trouble
between capital and labor at a time
when their harmonious action would
be so potent in the promotion qf gen
eral prosperity, there is amusement in
the efforts of some of the organs that
are tryin, to make political capital
out of the strikes now going on in the
country. This disposition is especially
noticeable on the part of those papers
that think the republican party should
make the tariff question the leading
issue in the next national campaign
and are doing all in their power to in
flate the boom of Gov. McKinley. They
may' possibly be embarrassed by the
fact that they are publishing their own
inconsistencies broadcast, but there is
a heroic effort to conceal this conces
sion to common honesty behind a bold
front and a reckless indulgence in un
supported assertion.
. No explanation is attempted of their
contradictory claims that prosperity
has come because a republican congress
has been elected, and that there are
serious labor troubles because of i*
wise legislation on the part of the
democrats when in power. W\hatever
pleases the people these organs credit
to their party. Whatever is regretted
by popular judgment they charge to
thle democrats. Pursuant to such poli
cy they of course attribute the present
strikes to a repeal of the McKinley
laws. It would be sufficient answer to
this absurd claim to recall the disas
trous uprisings of labor when those
laws were operative, but this would
give an inadequate idea of the gro
tesque attitudes which these boomere
are assuming.
Those who own the ore mines in the
upper peninsula are still the beno
ficiaries of a protective tariff, which
they acknowledge to be entirely satis
factory. The demand for their product
is brisker than it has been for years,
and if they are not bagging all the
profits incident to advanced rates it is
attributable to their own lack of busi
ness foresight. Tlhe carpet manufac
turers of Philadelphia get free wool
and hence pay less for their raw ma
terial. There is an ample demand for
their products and it is difficult to .ee
how a reduction of expenses would im
pair their ability to meet the demand
of the weavers tor better wages. The
same fact has a like significance with
te manufacturing clothiers of New
aork, and they are all the better off
because of a market that is greatly ex
tended since the VWilson bill went into
force. There is no attempt on the
part of the protectionists to tell what
causes the conditions they atect to
lament, but they go it blind and d.
olaro that thereio is sntety on'o t t1
Ir 'iee PreIsa
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up-to-Date lerchant,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware.,
Fancy Goods.
FL"eslh Stockl ! Cheap Priceas
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALERS ZN
Paints,. Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
School Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. MReillier's Perfunmes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANADE & CO.,
LIQUORS,
Wines and. Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Nlear Railroad Depot, : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,
Sash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
TRagons, Cisterlns.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
4IYGCLES.
Are the
Highest
of all
* High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built Int :ie
\'iorld, Regardless of Price.
Read the focllowing opinion of one of the most prominent
American doelers who has sold handreds of these wheels:
ItRcamoO.D, VA., October 2,a 1 ".
al b Fra me, Wood Indiana licycle Co., Incianapolls. Ind.:
cor Detechrble Twre. Genllemen--T4. WVaverly Scorcler snd Belle came to band yestya o"
Scorcher, we igh We are st:frad yt have sentt us the high-priced wheel by mistake. ~o ,
.ounds............. . can't mean to itll us that this wheel retails for ~5? We mlusa w t 115 .h.a."
tel Rm averly Is, without eeeplion, thO prettiest wheel we have ever seen,&n. I .-C-.
C'llncher Tires, weight oser, we have fnIth tn it, althugl It wetghS only S2pound, s f reill W 5wlR$vS.l • `s*
24 pounds...... 45.00 we 'ave sold tills year aod last (and 1'ou know thHt is rlight li;oo d l- .-,a
beaular Frame. same bert we have nevy r liad a frame nor fork broken, either from sao .ieOS .r
weights........ d.0 efect, and that i n.ore tihan we can sPa for any other wheei, Lowe's,: ..
i.dies' 1)op Fr smne high grade, 5o-colledt. tl.t we sell. We O ngratulate ourelves everyd "Y Q - :
;ue weilghts and that we are the Waverly agents. Yours Iruly. T . ;.
Ladles' Diamond Wood ""
iam. wei.h. 21 ILLUSTRATED CATALOfR9~ -E-. I
Indiana Bicyc
Indianapo-ls, IndLan*
i 1. QL8QOIO Exclueiv Agpnt, a