S Jl Mi nDM eMi I a eM iii MmnI~nI i m InI nmlI I ! innI li~l IIM irIM i I I ligii m mml al i iuig1 ilan m IqIi mu ni IM uI nmlna g iil Inm a I-I l e Mnnnii u meI a m m m u ta m l ma am m l am
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA.? SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1895. NUMBER 33.
-- ..... .....  - II - I I gI II II II I NI II I i IINI l I III . . . . . . ..m I I II II . . . iI I I .N J
MOUTON BROS.
-DBALERS IN-.
General
;Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Limcels Avenae, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOORIIIES,
ADDRESS:
Derbiny anad Esplanade Stis., New Orleans, La
Represents
WM. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
O)flice on Madisos St.. LAFAYETIE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
AttorleCyýs at LawLv,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AED Stable.
FEED
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices
Careful drivers furnished when requtred
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Jan 1r.
C. DEBAILLON,
LA.TVX7FYIED.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes. and the Su.
premo and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAFA W'rTTE, M&A.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue. Near Depot.
THIIE "OLD RIELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARMIEL CONVENT
LAFAYCTTE ILA.
The eystem of education includes the
F'rench and English languages, Music
nud all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfnrt of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
k'or terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEEL.RIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near flank Building.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor,
Lowest prices, consistent with work
Aone. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
I1. C. SALLES,
.DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. 0. VOORHIES,
TTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete. La.
DR. J. iL. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State s9 years,
and in Lafayetto Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat.
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
Eal inhalations combined with constt
tutlonal treatment affording a cave I_
Consumption, In the first and secoal
period if they follow exactly the treat
bnent and relief in the third period.
Deafness and bhunico diseases in ron.
rsal a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace,
Careful and prompt attentlon given ta
the collection of kila]. coEn te, no~es or
Irafts. Sale and pureasoe of lands at.
tended to. 1-19
C. H. MOUTON,
A.Sto1zne y av ITu &v
t. IMuSlYuis Las
THE FOURTEENTH GUEST
R. BANKS - bM~
dnercn, 1 believe,
Mliss Wadding
ton. Do you care
to-
Miss Katie WVUd
dington, her pretty roguish fade
flushed with indignation-VI'th aiston
ished that you vetdtt'e to speak to me
-you know I couldn't refuse, with
that horrid Lady Uloughton introducin"a
you, and looking over my ehollider at
my card.
lie (pulling his waistcoat a little,
because his shirt front pointed too
much)--Is that why you waited for me
in the conservatory? No, please don't
go-let's sit it out.
Miss Katie sits down again and be
gins pulling a rose to pieces. "You've
treated me shamefully, haven't you?"
"Not a bit."
"Indeed you have; erd don't fidget
'with your necktie."'
"Now, which of your pretty white
teeth have you against me?"
"Can't you speak in plain English,
instead of using your French phrases?
tome, now, didn't we Illeet at Devon
shire park? Oh, it's just like you to
hint that we weren't properly iutro
duced; but we were afterward."
"Never mind the fashion of the in
troduction," said lie, hiding a smile bc
htindt his glove.
"You know such introductions are
almost the fashion at the seaside."
"You mean such almost introduc
tions are quite the fashion?" he ob
nerved; "but suppose we did, and sup
pose we took walks together, and
dances together, and went fishing to
gether, and I put on the-, and sun
pose I was in earnest?"
"Never mind what you suppose," she
said, sharply. "You know quite well
that at the seaside-"
"BIy the sea a maiden's fancy lightly
turns to tlhoughts of-flirtation."
"I shall leave you at once if you re
so flippant and rude," said Miss Katie,
and she got up and then sat on another
seat with the light at the back-a very
pretty white back--not the seat's.
"I)idu't you pretend you were a bar
rister?"
"No, certainly not."
"How can you tell such a-"
"It isn't a-. I didn't pretend I amnt a
barrister."
"Well, even if you are. you needn't
quibble, and, besides, there are lots of
barristers who don't earn as much-"
"'\s much as a shoeblack. There's
your Cousin .Jack--but he plays bil
liards splendidly-you should see him
at Carr's during term t'tne."
. "Ilother Jack! And besides lie is a
good sort, and I like him much better
than you! Oh! how could you deceive
ine so? Why, that horrid Glendower
girl who drove me home in her brong
ham-I know it's only hired-the mo
nnent we got in said: 'Really, dear,
that man you so afiiched yourself with
at Eastbourne is quite decent for one
of Whiteley's young men! Ugh! a hired
guest.' "
"lut I assure you, I--"
"Now, isn't it true you came to Mrs.
ilooper's as a hired guest? Weren't
you sent for because at the last mo
ment 'there was a man short, and she
was afraid of thirteen at dinner?
't'here, I knew you couldn't deny it.
Why anyone should ask so many peo
ple to dinner goodness knows--it's har
barous-it's not a dinner; it's a meal.
And you called yourself Hloward--is
that the name you're called? And got
a guinea and instructions in the hall
not to talk politics, theology, or school
boards, or new woman."
"A guinea wasn't the price," said
Mr. Banks, gloomily, biting one of his
gloves, "and I wasn't, paid; it was sent
direct to Whiteley. and we aren't
trusted with the money, and I'm really
a barrister with a good practice, and
you're cruel. Even if it were all true,
you need not hit so hard."
:Miss Katie sat silent for a momnient
and listened to a few bars of "Le Rteve
de Mon Coeur" waltz, that sounded de
"I r DONT WANT ONESi'.
limghtful in the distance. She remem
bered how often she had danced to it
with him at Eastbourne, and how well
their steps were matched. She looked
at the young man, and he really was
so handsome and "such good form"
that in her next remark she used a
gentler voice. "You know I shouldn't
have minded so much if it had been
abroad, but everyone will make fun of
me." Then she spoke earnestly: "Sure
ly you couldn't have been such a-such
a-and you can't be telling falsehoods."
"I assure you," he said, eagerly,
"it's not quite as you think. I-" hbe
stopped abruptly and rose and walked
up and down the few yards of the con
serrator-y.
"Oh, there is a mystery!" cried Miss
Katie. '-A mystery, do say so, isn't
there? W'as it a bet? That would be
rather bad form. Still I might---or was
it---oh! do tell-anything but the hor
rible thing I must think? I shouldn't
care about you being poor, but a hired
guest, a sort of waiter with a clean
shirt front and ,unspotted clathes
that's too--oh! I'm sorry to speat so
cruelly if it'i true, but it isn't?"
IIe had pulled oft his gloves-and the
bt14eR-"a't he Seag lshti dQwU--ot
the buttons-on a chair and came close
k. her. lie gave a little throat-clear
ing cough, and then seemed choiead b"
the words, thit sincic in his throat.
ikeally he looked very handsome, and
quite a gentleman. MIiss Katie's eyes
dwelt kindly on his fine hair and well
out features.
"There's tH ntv rtde.v'i ui ItthFted aL
ltst bith kidjpeUd her fan, and as both
stooped to pick it up their hands came
in contact. "There's a mystery, but-"
"You musd-I insist-remethbeFi that
as the n"attt', stands you, in my eyes,
are an impostor-a dishonorable man;
surely you will explain for my--for
your own sake."
"There's a mystery," he began agaii.i
"but it's not my secret. I tlust lheep it
-it's better; yotu know; to be an gentled
)anti tlutit to thein hUne, i-en in i bur
eyes; yet remember the poet's words:
'I could not love thee, dear. so well,
loved I not honor more. " lie spoke
avee intentiodn, to ilise Loiotte's tieln.
"llow dare you?" she said, sharply,
and then added, with a faint smile: "I
believe it's a misquotation, too."
lHorace Ianks looked at her very
carefully, and her eyes fell pand seesued
to interest themselves in her falh. A
smile came into his face-a rather
rongish smile. "Mliss W'addington-"
he said, us he sat down i i a seat closq
to hit's, "it really is a secret. and I am
pledged in honor to tell but one pea
son-my wife or my"-a long pause
"or my betrothed."
"Th'at may very well be to two or
even more persons," she answered, des
pern tely.
"Only one. I believ'e,"~ he said. "If t
loved well enough to be engaged, and
nothing came of it. I'm sure I should
never try again."
"lave you never been engaged?" she
asked.
"Just now you seemed very anxious
to know my secret. Arc you prepared
to pay the price? Behleve me, you can
not be half as anxious to hear it as I to
tell it."
Miss Katic felt thankful that the red
in her cheeks might seem due to the
ruby glass of the fairy light. She gave
a half-hearted little laugh and an
swered: "It's too absurd, really--we
women may be inquisitive - though
not so much as you tmen."
lie looked very grave. "But," lie
answered, "I will tell it to no one save
my wife or betrothed. You know that
i"O IAN'T IT TRUE YOU '.1M" TO Ml
IIOOPEHIi'S AN A IIIICEI) GUEl ST'-"
I love you; I ask no question, only say
that if you will promise to be ny wife
then I can tell you: if afterward you
are dissatisfied, or if your people find
my position insullicient. well. I should
hardly sue you for breach of promise."
"Well, then. I accept, but, of course,
if-'
"Kate," lov e iou , and as hie spoke put
his arm around her waist.
"I ramn Miss 'Waddington still," al
most roughly she put his arnm away.
"lut Ka-liss Waddington, we are
engaged."
"Perhaps you expect ise to fall in
your arms like a girl in a love story, or
begin kissing you like the vulgard yucrea
ture in tihe Professor's Love Story. "find
"harCome, but I hall call you Kate.
even if-"
"atYo may take my hand-I as didn't say
kiss it."
"The whole thing is so absurd. On
Tuesday evening I was with Howard
Jones, a very iood fellow and an old
enhool chu. of mine."
"your, I know him; ire play lso funnily
in charades. Doesn't the paint or do
something?"
"tre is one of our most brilliant
young artists. I was at hiscall studio and
a "man we tae my ha knod-In in Paris
who had a studio in the Rue de Van
girard, abut wouldn't wor and had
sunk to being a model, cam. e in. '"ow
ard,' he said. 'do me a lservice.n
" l'p to half a crown. I've promised
to go no further.'
"'1 don't want money-a--t least-you
see Whiteley gives me odd jobs-sends
me out as dancing man solnetimes, or
to fill up a place at dinner if people
find suddenly they are thirteen. To
night I've a dinner engagement, and-'
" '1 don't think my dress clothes
would fit you,' said Jones.
"'Oh, it isn't that. I've a decent
suit. But the engagement is for the
Browns, Holland lPark, and I know
them, so-'
"'What do you want me to do? (Go
inyour place? Vell, you've a nerve!
It would be rather a lark. but I can't.
i'm going to the Langhanl Sketching
club: it's their exhibition.'
"The poor fellow looked at me piti
fully, and said: 'I may lose my place if
I don't go-it's too late to make other
arrangements.'
"I'm not so staid and sober as my cli
ents think," said MIr. Banks, "and the
idea of going as a hired guest tickled
me, so I offered. He jumped at it, but
made me promise to tell no one, be
cause if I did he would get into trouble.
You can guess what I felt when I found
you in the drawing-room. I thought
you were still in Switzerland."
"eVc came back sooner than we ex
pected," said Miss Kate; "and you give
me your word of honor?"
"Yes."
"Then you may kiss my hand-it's
no use trying to get thle size of my
finger-till I've taken pf, my glovg,"'
Wasbhgtonal udget.•
THE DEMOCRATIC OOCTRINE,
It Remains Firma anti Lnchanged an the
The reaffirmation of the hilio dcido·
racy of the democratic plank in the na
tional convention of 1892 on the sub
ject of gold and silver calls atten
tion to orzontlhing that has been over
looked by a g)ood iima t .f lEe i11t:'.
on the free coinage question. It has
been assumed by many of these that
the doctrine of the democratic party
ih ithe sulbject is in dotbt, tiWlilc isouse
have not hesitated to affirm that the
party is in favor of the free coinage of
silver at the old rate of sixteen for
one. It Is worth while, therefore, at
this time to recall that the only au
tho'-itative iatteroade of the democratic
party oh the etaljet is contained in
the platform of 1892, which was in
diored by the Ohio democracy. The
plank reads as folloWi
, We denounce the republican legi:csatlon
inbhwi as ile Shhirmarinact df 180o as a coward -
ly maikeshift fratigli ith piossibilities of
danger in the futare which should '.die all
its supporters as well as Its author anxious
for its speedy repeaL We hold to the use of
both gold and silver as the standard money of
the country and to the Poinage of both gold
sad s'ivet wtlhout ci?:crlinin ttit!. agtinst
rltlet metal di" criarge for mintage: but the
doi:ar unit of coinage Of ts{tl4 metals inust be
of equal intrinsic and exchange tbisd 'na-yln h
be adi'lsted through international agree
mnddt or by such s:afeuards if legislation as
shall insure the mailltenance .f tbi parity of
the two metals and the equal power of vY"ey
dollar at all tirecs in the markets and in the
payment of debts; and we demand that all
P :per currency shall kept at par with and re
.leemablo in such coln. We insist upon this
policy as espeially ilcrtesesiy fur the protec
tion of the farmcr; and laboring ti-mrals the
fltst and nmcst defenseless iltlims of titstable
money aiid a fluctuiting currency."
As to what this meant there coulii be
no real doubt. The friends of free sil
ver had none at the time, for they
moved through 3Mr. Patterson. of Colo
rado, to insert the word "free" before
the words "coinage of both gold and
silver" in the money plank. This mo
tion was emphatically voted downv, and
the meaning of the plank, so far as
free coinage of silver was concerned,
vas thereby put beyond the possibil
ity of misconception or misconstruc
tion. It is worth while to recall also
what President Cleveland said on the
same subject in his letter of accept
ance. Starting with the proposition
that the people are entitled to sound
and honest money abundantly suffi
cient in volume to supply their busi
ness needs, he proceeded:
"Whatever may be the form of the people's
currency, national or state-whether gold, sil
ver or paper-it shoull be so regulated and
guarded by governmental action or by wise
and careful laws that no one can be deluded
as to the certainty and stability of its value.
Every dollar put into the hands of the people
should to of the same intrinsic valum or pur
chasing poswer. With this condition abso
lutely guaranteed both gold and silver can Le
salely utilized upon equal terms in the adjust
ment of our currency.
"'In dealing with this subject no selfish
scheme should be allowed to intervene and
no doubtful experim(ent should be attempted.
The wants of our people arl.ing from the defi
ciency or imperfect distributlol of mlonoy cir
culation ought to be fully and honestly rccox
nized and elfciently remondlot It should,
however, be constantly remembered that the
inconvenience or loss that might arise from
such a situation can be much more easily
borne than the universal distress which must
follow a discredited currency. "
This is the national democratic doc
trine to-day; and it will remain so
until the democratic party in national
convention sees fit to modify or change
it. Its strong affirmation by the Ohio
democracy indicates that it will not bhe
essentially changed at the next assem
bling of the national democracy.--Ue
troit Free Press.
THE REPUBLICAN MISTAKE. r
DefeatedC by Their Insane Force Bill Issue
In 1892.
Chairman Manley of the national re
publican executive committee ex
presses with candor the opinion that
his party made a great mistake about
the force bill issue, and should have
dropped it eight years before they did.
This is retrospective tand historical,
but it is interesting and undoubtedly
true. We imagine Mr. Manley saysno
more thian his former chieftain, the
lion. James U. Blaine, vou^l say if he
were living now, or would have said
with entire frankness if questioned on
the subject at any time within four
years before his death.
We believe, furthermore, that the re
mark of Mr. Manley expresses the
present convictions of lion. Thomas i.
Reed on the subject. The force bill
issue in 1802 was primarily and pe
culiarly the. creation of 'cen. Hlarrison,
and it defeated him and elected Mr.
Cleveland.
There is no probability that the
democratic campaign of 189l, whoever
the republican candidate may be, will
turn on the issue of federal interfer
ence in elections and negro domina
tion in the south.
The disappearance of that issue from
American politics was the greatcst if
not the only important result of the
democratic victory three years ago
next Novembcr.-N. Y. Sun.
- Gov. lMcLKinley prophesies that
the majority by whicih he was elccted
in the year of the great political Innd
slide "w-ill not be materially decreased"'
in the Ohio election this fall. l'rcdic
tions of this sort may be expected all
around. Rut with republican politi
cians generally it will be nothing more
than whistling to keep their courage
up. The fact is that the world has
moved fast and far since November.
1894, and the conditions have alto
gether changed. That was a time of
depression. low wages, poverty---a re
publican year. This is a time of busi
ness revival, of rising wages, of com
fort and hope-a democratic year.
Boston Post,
--Some scattered republic 1s may
talk free silver. but when the time
comes they will be found voting
against democratic candidates with all
the delight of gratified hostility. Demn
ocrats will win or lose by what they
do for themselves. If they cannot or
ganize a straight democratic party be
hind a platform they cannot play win
ning polities.-St. Louis Republic.
--Nearly everybody except the.
Ohio governor himself sees that the
joint debate between Maj. ~eKinley
and (ieneral Prosperity is a one-sided
itak - -.5ouiavsl Courler-Jolurnrt
TH_ DEMOCRATIC NEED.
Wise Leadership xeee.4ry to the sucess
of the Party
the Ph!il-delphia Telegraph seeks to
deny tuci t3d liberals itn England and
the democrats iii this aortatry the hops
which the World found for thnra in thte
alterrnate defeats and triumphs of the
past thirty years. It says that:
'"'rho .ipfiing of the electorate of the
United Stases agatinst the democratic congress
last year was for causO, and tlsat canu; still
exists in the vicious and injurious legislation,
hot inly in that which was effected but in that
which was atte.pted, of the last congress
The neople rwho have suffered so greatly bo
cause of the acts and the attempts of the late
democratic majority in congress. and who are
still suflerinr bccause of them, are not likely
to forget what party it was that inflicted the
long-continued distress upn themn"
So every uprising in the past result
ing in a defeat of the party in power
has been for cause or supposed cause,
but this has not prevented the swing of
the political pendulum just as far in
the opposite direction within two or
four years.
Thle people's dissatisfaction with the
last CŽtr'ess was not with the princi
pal acts of legi.slation, but with the
delay and faithlessness in some impor
tant particulars that marked the naction
of the entate. The surrender to the
sugar trust and the "hold-up" of tile
Wilson bill by the sugar, iron, coal
and transportation rings, angered the
democratic voters, snd justly. But the
:it:!;ortnuit extension of the free list
and the reduction of duties on the nec
essaries of the people met the hearty
approval of the great popular majori
ties that condemned MecKinleyism in
1900 and again in 1892.
The "long-continued distress" of the
people was not occasioned by anything
whichi the democratic congress did or
attempte,. 'That distress was caused
by the impairment of ublic confidence
in our currency under the operation of
the republican .lvcr-purchase act.
The foundation of a restored confidence
was laid when the democratic congress
and udminiistration forced a repeal of
this nmischief-working law. The recov
cry was slow, as all recoveries from
such panicas and depressions are slow,
but it canme in due time.
'i'That no injury was worked to any
legitimate bu.siness interest by the
partial measure of tariff reform final
ly adopted is abundantly proved by the
present condition of all the great in
dustries Agriculture, manufactures,
traffic and commerce are all thriving.
Prices and wages have ad anced, the
volume of business has steadily in
creased and the high tide of prosperity.
has enveloped the land. The republic
ans are silenced. They have no
policy. All the conditions exist for a
popular reaction in favor of the demo
crats. Only wise leadership is needed
to cause history to repeat itself in
another swing of the pendulum. For
the party's and the country's sake it is
to be regretted that the leadership is
not yet equal to the opportunity.-N.
Y. World.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
-The eastern republicans are very
much afraid that lien Harrison's sonor
ous silence is silver.-Detroit Free
Press.
--The gold surplus ran out of the
treasury faster under Harrison's ad
ministration than it has any time
since.---Chicago Chronicle.
----r. Foraker denies that good
times are returning. Who says that
Mr. Foraker is not loyal to MIr. Mlc
Kinley?- Louisville Courier-Journal.
- The iron mills of this country are
unable to fill their orders. This is one
of the many beneficial results of the
Wilson tariff and democratic rule.
Sioux C'ity Tribune.
--Democratic good times are caus
ing the republican managers more
trouble and anxiety than are all the
national issues combined. There is a
growing desire to continue the policy
which has relieved depression and re
stored prosperity. -Detroit Free Press.
- Maj. McKinley will please ob
serve that the democratic tariff is do
ing some very vigorous talking in its
behalf. Anti the best feature of the
business is that the people applaud
every additional increase of wages as
a big point in favor of a continuance of
democratic tariff reform.--Lafayette
(Ind.) Journal.
- Until the MclKinleyite press can
satisfy the voters of the United States
that they are better off when they pay
forty dollars each for a suit of clothes
tha? w.vhen they pay twenty-five dol
lars sheep and wool statistics will be
priodueed in vain. The voters who
wear clothes are fifty times more nu
ncerous than the voters who raise
sheep.-Chicago Chronicle.
- Times of prosperty are demo
cratic times. .iust now the people are
enjiying the fruits of the democratic
victory of 1392, which established the
conditi',s under which industry and
trr.adle lave found a solid place to
stand upon. It has takenll a lolng time
to Rge' rid of the min.lign influences of
the four years of republican rule under.
lanrrison, but at last these are shaken
offl and the contry is on the high road
to the greatest prosperity ever known.
--Boston Post.
--"The increase of wages," says
the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, "'has given
Mr. McKlinley Ireat discomfort, but as
a circus was attached in Ohio the other
day he begins to hope that the business
revival is only a spurt, and that the re
turn to depression of last year may not
be far ofEf. '" Thie failure of that circus
is not the only failure on which the
governor can base a hope that the hard
times are not vet over. There is, for
instance. Go-. McKinley's own great
and lasting failure to find out where
he stands on the silver question.-Lou
isville Courier-Journal.
--R-epublican journals persist in
saying that the woolen industry can
not be prosperous under the present
tariff. lIut it appears that the pro=
ductivo capacity of the woolen ma
chinery now in actual operation
largely exceeds the productive capac
ity of the machinery in operatnon in
1802, beCfore the national elections, a
year before the beginning of the panic,
and under thile McKinley tariff. We
have also shown that since last March
wages Ihave been increased in about
fity wooleo feetrtwg-*M, Y. Stammo
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up-to-Date Merchant,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
IFx-eslh Sfocl<! Chaeutp I'-icesl
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
School Books and Stationecry. a.seo Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobtacco. Meillier's Perllumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANADE & CO.,
LIQUOR S,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MIOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
iear Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lunmber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,
Sash, Blinds, M3ouldings, etc.
TTeag~onz.s, C~isrterzsna.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
ICYCLES.
Are the
Highest
of all
High
, Grades.
WVarranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in the
W Porld, Regardless of Price.
lRead the fllowioing opinion of one of the most prominent
American doalors who has sold hundreds of these whelo1s:
IttCuttotD, V~A., Octoert 2, 1834.
Blhb Frame, Wood Indiana lnicycle Co., un:canapolis. Ind.:
Rim. Detachable Tire. (centlen:e--Tth 1 areriy Scorcher and Belie came to hand yesterday.
Scorcher, .. .3. e re atraihi y~l have senr t us the higll-priced wheei by mistake. Yen
pounds. -. c an't mean to tll us tlat:t this wheel retails for S8? We nlust say tbat ii
teel Rims, Raverly is, wvithout cxr.pltiun. the iprettiest wheel we iave ever seen, and. more
CI inciher Tires, wei cht over, we have fa ItOn In It, al though It weighs uly 22 pounds, forall WaVrerlys
24I pounds...... w6.0we have sold tils year atl last Iand you know that Is a rlglt good tum
legular Frame, same her w ve e new r hand a frlae nor orR broken, either from aecident cy
welig ts ... ......OO deleCt, arni thl at I i m ore tilua we can s ar for any other ,heel, however
Lzadles' Drop Fr am r, highl grade. so-catled. that we sell. We oongratulate ourselves every day
same weights and that we -re the Waverly agents. Yuourstruty . EC
L'dies' Dimond.0tod ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE
pounds......$.. $T7.OO
Indiana Bicycle Co
Indianapolis, Indiana.
B. CLEQO, Exclusive Agent, : Lrfayctt¢, I :"