THE AFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE,- LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1895. NUMBER 44.
.w a. . . . . . . . ._. . . . . . . . .. . ... . . . . . . . . . .. - . .- - ....- : - - e. : a - - : *:: : * : : *:** * = : * * =* * ** * * * * - -
IGU OI BR0.
- DpALErs IN
Qeneral
Mer~candise.
Lowest. Prices Consistent With
SQuality of Goods.
LisceIl Avease; : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP -STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store.
LAFAVETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Iepairing of fine watches a spe
eialty. All work cheap and guarantoed.
MT. CARMEL CON0V0IT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be giv.,n to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAVETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT ani SUPPLY SHOP.
Near .i3.nk isuldicna.
FRED JIOUT)ON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
dlone. All work promptly atteudoed to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Ii. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
< Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETE, - - - - LA.
E. 0. VOORIHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
- NlOTARY PUBLI.COP
I.alayete, La.
HI. W. ELLIOTT,
-Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.Attox-neyý Aat i ,-w,
- LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rifs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE. LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAtAP' ErT , ELA.
RAILROAD BAIPlBE SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor."
-AND
Sale Stable
L COISTAITIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cu-e ta
Consumption, in the first and second
periodlf they follow exactly the treat.
sent and relief in the third period.
Deatness and chronic diseases in gen
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
dreful and prompt attention given t(
the collection of xMi *ounts, notes os
ratfla.s Sale and pureoaso of lands atr.
tended to, 1-19
C, H. MOUTON,
Attornezy at I .rtw.
fat ... -. r l.V e." t.
·r·~;~·i~·c;i~stJ: - ~ -
FARMER AND PLANTER
FEEDING SWINE.
The Old and the New Methods of Prodg
lag Pork.
As much interest is manifested in
discovering the most economical and
safe plan for raising pork in Texas, I
thought your many readers would be
glad to have anything that might
throw additional light upon the sub
ject. I am aware leading membets of
the Swine Breeders' association have,
through your paper, given much valu
able information, yet I contend the
subject is one of so great magnitude as
to be practically beyond the capacity
of any set of men to fully explore. We
live in a progressive age, and we must
study and practice those economies in
our business which will best protect
our interest. We must learn to appro
priate the scientific knowledge of oth
erts. The point I wish to advance is,
that there is a choice of foods for feed
ing swine, and we should try to learn
which kinds are the best, for, con
sidering the margin of profit is
so small that great economy and skill
in every direction are required. It isa
mistaken notion that swine are grain
eaters only, and that what may be
termed "roughness" is unfit for them.
They are omniverous animals to some
extent, and will subsist on a great va
riety of foods. They are mote natu
rally grass eaters, and vary ti.eir diet
by digging roots, worms and insects
out of the soil. Doubtless they are pro
vided with their singular snout-which
is so wisely and ingeniously construct
ed, with Ia flat cartilaginous disk,
moved by strong tendons and muscles
-for rooting down deep in the hard
soil in search of their food. And we
must observe that this kind of food is
not so heating and deleterious as the
grain upon which they are mostly over
fed.
It unquestionably is an error to sup
pose that because they are easily
taught to eat the concentrated grain
foods, that they wilt subsist and thrive
solely upon such without a great risk
of producing inflammatory diseases.
Then the question arises, can not
swine be more cheaply and healthfully
fed on mixed diet instead of all grain
foods? Successful northwestern pork
raisers say, emphatically, it can be.
Hitherto corn has been so much
cheaper than any of the other cereals
that it was the principal food used, not
o.ily in the fattening process, but in
the growth as well. Now the low
price of wheat has brought it into use
as the best grain for feeding swine.
It is true that the pig is an omniver
ous animal, but it will live and thrive
on grass, clover or oat pastures, or
other similar foods without any grain.
The use of grain in feeding is for the
purpose of producing a layer of fat un
der the skin. And as this grain food
is sure to produce an excess of fat, it is
thought rather a dangerous plan to
feed it exclusively to the pig in the
growing period. It is believed by com
petent pork raisers that such feeding
has been the primne cause of producing
an inflammatory condition of the
digestive organs. ending in that
dreaded disease, hog cholera. Then
we see the necessity of avoiding
such diseases by feeding swine on
coarser foods-clover, or oat pastures,
or other green crops, artichokes, pota
toes and sorghum cane. Extensive
swine feeders have been very success
ful in this way, and have raised pork
cheaper than by mere grain feeding.
Of course it would be unwise too feed
too much of this bulky food, because
the pig's stomach is small compared to
the sheep or cow, and its digestive or
gans will not stand a like crowding.
Mr. Henry Stewart, a man who is con
sidered good authority on feeding
swine, says that "the more nitrogen
ous foods, such as cotton seed, or any
of the other oil meals, are unfit,
and should be wholly "discarded
from the lists of foods for swine."
Then when we consider the choice
of the concentrated foods, we may
safely put down corn, wheat barley,
oats and wheat as the most valuable.
In days past corn was the staple food
for fattening swine, but since wheat
has become so cheap, those who have
tried it have found that it is better
food than corn, making meat more
cheaply and of better quality, suiting
the change in the tastes of customers
for more lean and less fat. When
wheat is one cent a pound and oats
one and on-quarter cents, the latter is
less valuable for feeding than the
former, owing to the greater amount
of husk, and higher price for weight.
The most economical way of feeding
wheat is to steep it in either cold or
hot water, and barley is a fine food for
fattening swine when fed in the same
way.3-Cor. Farm and Ranch.j
COTTON SEED NOTES.
A Little Concentrated Information Con
cerning a Valuable Product.
The following figures are given in
esponse to the inquiry of a "Young
F~nmer:"
6 bushels cotton seed equals..2.000 Ibs.
h00 pounds cotton seed ylolds
bcn ground........... ...... . 0 lbs. meal
and...................... 259 ilbs. ol.
and..................0.. . . 95 lbs. hulls
and....................... l5 Ibs. loss
A ton (2.000 pounds) of cotton seed
contains of nitrogen ........... 51 lbs.
Phosphoric acid ............ t "i lbs.
. . Potash............... .... 23 lbs.
A ton of cotton-seed meanl con
tains-
Nitrogen ............ 163 lbs
Phosphoric acid........... 65 lbs.
Potash..................... 40 lbs.
Allowing that a farmer carries his
seed to the mill and gives the oil as
i11 he should carry back with him
he 750so pounds of meal and 075 pounds 1
of hulls. It is a common question
whether this is a. profitable exchange
For the farmer. Of course it is a de- 1
batable question.
While cotton seed can be fed with
safety to cattle, still we believe if the
rathl were known a great many
leaths have been caused indirectly
_rom cattle eating thie lint that re
nains attached to the seed. Admit* 1
ing that in no instance has a single
head of stock been injured in the least 1
Iy the oiJ- n the seed, it is an accepted
act thatthe oil has no value as food.
t lt poumFrbon and haved sauppljng 1a
a little temporary heat has no other
effect.
Undoubtedly a farmer can feed more
economically in using meal and hulls
than in feeding merely the raw seeds:
In exchanging the seeds for the meal,
the farmer does not dispose of any oi
the valuable elements-nitrogen, pot
ash and phosphoric acid. The 750
pounds of meal contain within a small
fraction all the nitrogen that was in
the ton of seed.
What price should cotton seed com
mand wlhen cotton-seed meal is held at
$22 per ton? We find thalt at 15 cents
per bushel and a ton of seed costs at the
mill just $10,
The 750 pounds of meal out of this
ton of seed at $1.10 per hundred ($23
per ton) equals $8.25. The 975 pounds
of hulls sell at the mill at an average
price of $3.50 per ton. This would make
nearly $1.75. The two added together
make exactly $10-the cost of the seed
at 15 cents per bushel.
At these relative values the mill
would get the 250 pounds of oil (30 gal
lons, about) to pay the cost of grind
ing, not taking into consideration the
few pounds of lint that is taken from
the seed. At 20 cents a gallon for the
crude oil, this would give the mill $6
per ton profit on working up o66
bushels of seed, nearly 10 cents profit
on each bushel.
Whether that is too much profit for
the mill to make is a question we can
not answer. If called upon for a sim
ple expression of opinion we would
say that it was not and from the fact
that we would rather have the 750
pounds of meal and 075 pounds of hulls,
either for the purpose of feeding or fer
tilizing, than the original 66 2-3 bush
els of seed. It is easier to adjust a ra
tion with the separateomaterials.
What is a proper and safe ration of
cotton-seed meal for milch cows ?
It depends upon the size of the ani
mal to some extent.
At some of the experiment stations
as much as six or seven pounds per
day has been fed to cows without any
perceptible bad effects.
But it is substance that should not
be fed for any length of time by itself
even to the half of that quantity. Not
over two and a half or three pounds
should be fed to any cow, however
large, and this quantity should be fed
in connection with something that is
poor in nitrogen. A mixture of cotton
seed meal, corn meal and wheat bran
makes a more desirable ration than the
meal by itself.
If any of our readers have had an
extended dxperience in feeding cotton
seed meal and the hulls we should be
glad to have them give their conclu
sions.
Is there any country or section of
country anywhere more abundantly
supplied with all the requisite for suc
cessful stock raising than this south
land country of ours. If there is we
would be glad to have it named to us.
The time is certainly coming when
these old hills of the south will bloom
in almost perpetual grass and clover
through which will graze the fattest
cattle, hogs, sheep and horses, etc.,
that has ever been seen. We assume
that electricity 'will not entirely sup
plant our four-footed beasts of burden
and that there will be henceforth at
least a reasonable demand for horses
and mules of the best quality.-South
ern Farm.
HERE AND THERE.
--Plant a lot of nice shade trees
around your house, and then make
them grow.
--The farmer who works sixteen
hours a day, and saves all his money,
"'gets there," but on crutches and with
the scent of arnica on his person.
Farm and Ranch.
-The cool weather common at this
season of the year is the very best kind
during which to repaint the buildings,
fences and implements. ly a very little
outlay for ready-mixed paints, the
salable value of every home can be
greatly increased and comfort assured.
--Florida fruit growers are beginning
to raise the cry of overproductioc in
oranges. One prominent horticult tral
writer declares he will no longe- en
courage further development of tiPe in
dustry, as only evil will result 1 here
from.
-This is a time when we should
make our poultry do full dnty. Cotton
and wheat may be a little off, but the
hen furnishes a product that we camn
dispose of well. Try feeding the hens
some of that 50-cent wheat. It is bet
ter than either corn or oats.
-Kindness is never wasted on our
domestic animals. Love begets love,
even when applied to our horses and
cattle. Besides, it is much more gen
tlemanly to treat a beast kindly than
cruelly. The dispenser of kindness re
ceives more benefit, usually than the
recipient.
-Keep your land, as nearly as you
can, in its virgin gpndition by adding
humus to it every fall. This can be
done with stable nmanure compost; or
by plowing under nitrogenous crops,
preferably pea vines for the south.
May or all of these methods will great
ly increase the productive capacity of
your soil.
-The tobacco crop of Virginia has
been one this season in which quantity
and quality have been conmbined. This
is particularly true of the crop .in the
vicinity of Danville, which is the cen
ter of the bright tobacco producing
region of the state.
-Let every farmer increase the egg
production of the flock, by adding a
pure-bred male of any of the best-lay
ing breds. A flock of layers will be
more profitable to the farmer than a
flock suitable for raising broilers only
A flock of March or April-hatclhed
Mediterraneans should be laying well
by Niovember.
-As a profession, there is need of
more thorough study on the part ofl
the farmer than ever before. Views
must be compared, and advantage of
the experience of others must be taken,
if we are to keep abreast of the prog
ress that is being made l 1eh othes
profatlonga
WOMAN AND HOME.
VERY PRETTY BAG.
Something Which Any or Our Girl Itead.
ers Can Make headily.
* Get a yard each of contrasting colors
of satin ribbon about 44 inches in
width, overseam them together by the
selvidge, taking small stitches, so that
after the seam is pressed out by the
finger either the satin or the silk side
of the ribbon may be used for the right
side.
Taking this now broad piece of two
colored ribbon, trace on the satin side
a graceful design in flowers. Impres
sion paper is likely to soil the ribbon,
so the easiest way to do this ls-todraw
on ordinary white paper, ink it so that
1'nTTr AND L'SEFUTL AG.
It will show clearly, hold it and the
ribbon up to the window and trace in
through with a sharp pencil.
Daintier effects may be obtained by
using moist water colors, instead of oil
paints.
After the design is finished fold the
ribbon in half and overseam it to
gether on each side, keeping the
selvidge on the right side. If neatly
done this gives a cord effect, and is
better than making a regular wrong
side seam. >Make a four-inch hem at
the top, and about three-quarters of an
inch from the stitching of the hem
make another stitching all around
.the bag; this forlms a casing for
a half-inch wide ribbon as a draw
ing string. A yard of eac of the two
colors in this narrow ribbon is neces
sary. Use a bodkin to draw them
through the casing, one color on each
side, and finish off the ends in little
bows. In overseaming the bag together
eare must be taken to leave three
quarters of an inch unsewed, just
where the casing will come, as little
openings for the ribbon drawstring.
The advantage of a bag like this is
that it does not have to be lined, as fine
satin ribbon is heavy enough to do
away with any necessity for this. The
magnesia should be carefully brushed
off the wrong side of the ribbon as
soon as the painting is dry, and just be
fore sewing the bag together.
Pretty combinations are violet and
white ribbon painted with the two col
ors in violets, the white violets on the
violet ribbon and vice versa; pale pink
and Nile-green, painted with daisies,
and crimson and gold, painted with
crimson and yellow carnations.--Ger
trude D. Duffee, in St. Louis Ilepublio.
CHILDREN'S EYES.
Every Source of Irritation Alust He $stu
dlously Avolded.
Of all the bodily organs which need
watchful care in the period of their de
velopment, the eye stands preeminent.
Yet no organ is so often neglected or
abused.
It is no calhmny upon the modern
school-room, or upon the methods
which are employed there, to say that
they are in a large measure responsible
.for the many evidences which we meet
opfn impaired and defective eyesight
among the young, and a premature
breaking down of that function with
adults.
The -lose confinement of the student
undermines his general health, and so
renders every organ liable to succumb
under any special strain. Add to this
the extra labor requinred of all the
organs of the head, the close applica
tion of the eyes to the page before
them, and the fact that it is often nee
essary to continue the studies with
the aid of artificial light, and it is plain
that school life is full of dangers to the
eyesight of the young child.
And if this is not enough to con
vince us, we may be reminded of the
unhygienic surroundings of even the
best-appointed schoolhouse, the preva
lence of contagious diseases of the eye,
and the great liability of infection
through the various pernicious habits
of the average school child.
No young child should be permitted
to pursue his studies to a protracted
degree by lamplight. We may turn
his eyes from the light, and even pro.
vide slhades for them. and still they
will be affected. It is never necetsary,
before one's organus are well developed, I
to endeavor to prolong thile twelve or
fifteen hours of daylight.
Instructionto the child as to the
manner in which he should hold his
book wIhile reading or writing is also
essential. This includes not only the
proper distance of the page from the
face, but the attitude of the body as a
whole. It is easy to establish at an
early period a predisposition to near
sightedness, and even displacement of
the eyeball itself.
In fact, every source of irritation
should be avoided, even. if necessary, I
to a complete withdrawal of the child
from his atudies.-Youth's Companion.
Geood Ralpy-Day Costumse. I
Woman, who has groaned and fretted
for many years past beneath the
weight and heat of heavy mackin
toshes, has at last hit upon a rainy-day
costume whicih ought to satisfy her.
The slkirt is made of waterproof covert
cloth or of waterproof cheviot. Instead
of the long, heavy, warm garment
which they were accustomed to
wear, women wear with this a water
proof cape to mIaLbh. The favoritd cape
is quite long, and falls well below the
hips. It is -made in two part.s, the
nder one reeching the waist line. It
s lied withehecked cloth or silk and
f . frtoned all thi wasy Aowane hbwb . I
GOOD MILK DINNER.
low a Really Good Table May e. Set e
a Vegetable Diet.
Those people who are akeptical as to
the possibility of setting a really good
table on a vegetable diet should ex
amine the following menu as described
in the New York Recorder:
In this good, substantial meal iseat
is omitted, vegetables taking their
place, all well cooked, and pure milk is
one of the principal ingredients.
Cereals, corn, potatoes, potcheese,
good home-made bread and creamery
butter, with a dessert of bread or cus
tard pudding, forms this interesting
menu. For the first course, oatmeal.
rice or small hominy carefully prepared
is the main dish, and served with
creamn and powdered sugar.
For the piece de resistance, corn pre
pared with milk. To prepare this dish
to perfection, the corn should be
freshly and carefully picked, and all
the ears should be full grown and ten
der. After it has been stripped of its
silk, split each row of kernels with a
sharp knife, then cut off the outer
edge of the entire ear, after which with
the point of a knife scrape out all that
remains, leaving the dry cob. Cover
with fresh sweet milk and boil for
fifteen minutes. Remove from the fire
and season with butter, pepper and
salt to the taste.
Potatoes can be scalloped, and when
done to a turn form a palatable dish.
Or they can be creamed and appear on
the table in all their snowy whiteness.
Not everyone knows the best way to
scallop potatoes. To make the dish all
that is claimed for it, cut cold boiled
potatoes into small slices. Fill a pud
ding dish with layers of these thin
slices, each sprinkled with flour and
seasoned with pepper and salt, and
plentifully supplied with bits of but
ter. When the dish is full pour over
the whole one pint of thick rich cream.
SDredge the top with flour, cover over
with bits of butter. Bake in a moder
ate oven for a full hour. When cooked
the top should be brown, and all be
neath the top layer rich, creamy, deli
cious.
The dessert for this nilk dinner
should be bread or custard pudding,
which, if rightly made, is excellent in
its way. Pitchers of rich milk should
grace each corner of the table. Pot
cheese made into small balls and rival
ing even the Neufechatel cheese, with
crackers and cream coffee, is the
charmingending of thispalatable meal.
INVENTIONS FOR WOMEN.
N'ovelties in Tongs and MIolds Which
Housekeepera Appreeclate.
English manufacturers have a faculty
for inventing those trilling novelties
that add so much to a housekeeper's
happiness. The woman who kills bugs
only at the expense of all her nerves
and her peace of mind will feel like
burning incense- before John Bull's
shrine for his latest gift to her especial
world in the shape of a pair of metal
tongs, the ends of which are flattened
out making convenient "nippers," be
tween whichhis bugship can be caught
TIOE IBRON urG Oxs.
and crushed to death without making
his murderer unduly uncomfortable. -
Another invention of a somewhat
different character will please people
who sometimes give dinners to en
thusiasts of one sort or another. This
TWO MOI.DS.
consists of p, set of individual molds for
jellies or blanc mange, the patterns of
which show golfing tools, billiard
balls and cues, masonic emblems, or
even small bicycles.
Recipo for Soft Glngerbread.
One cup of butter, one cup of molas
ses, one cup of sugar, one cup of sour
milk or buttermilk, one teaspoonful
soda dissolved in boiling water, one
tablespoonful of ginger, one teaspoon
ful cinnamon and two eggs. About
five cups of flour, work in four first,
adding the fifth cautiously until the
desired thickness is obtained, which is
a trifle thicker than cup cake. Mix the
molasses, sugar, butter and spice to
gether. Warm them slightly and beat
until they are lighter in color tha~n
when you began. Add the milk, then
the soda. Haring mixed all well, put
in the flour. Beat very hard five min
Sutes, and a hall pound of seeded raisins
cut in pieces may be added. Dredge
them with flour before putting them
in. Bake at once in a loaf, or in small
tins.
Drying Her Clothes.
A huge captive kite is used by MLrs.
Mary Rlumson, of Beaver Fall, Pa., to
dry her clothes. It is a picturesque
aPght to see the kite soaring in the
blue empyrcan with a long tail of
table cloths, napkins, red and striped
hosiery. The clothes always get like
Mrs. lRumson's husband, who is regard
ed as the driest man in the village.
On the Geoeral count.
Upguardson-How are you getting
ialong with the three bottles a day
of brown stout your doctor prescribed
for you two or three months ago?
Atom-How am I getting along with
it? Great Scott! I am two years ahead
of his prescription already!-.Cbieago'
Tribune.
Earlly Igtlltlence.
Smanll Roy-You're in love with my
sister, aren't y-ot?
Sappy--How do you know that?
Small Boy--Because you're always
sending her presents, just like Mr.
Brown who's going to m1a1 er ,-
WILSON'S DEFEAT.
nopelessness of -Uta attle Against the
Money Power.
Democracy defers to one of its fun
damental principles in bowing to the
will of thelmajorlty as expressed at
the election. Yet it cannot but regard
as a national calamity the fact that
Representative Wilson, of -West Vir
ginia, was buried in the avaknnche
from which no part of the country es
caped. Even though he remained as a
member of the minority he would have
stood as an able exponent of the tar
iff views to which his party is commit
ted and guarded the country against
the dangers which accompany the
adoption of ultra protection theories.
Waiving any question as to the cor
rectness of his views, even his ene
mies will acknowledge him a most for
midable champion of the cause that he
represepts.
No one will question the sincerity of
Mr. Wilson or the honesty of the pur
pose which actuates his coarse toward
the people. Hle is a man of profound
learning, and no-one can more forcibly
express his convictions. In the knowl
edge of the tariff question most of
those who oppose him are mere tyros
by-camparison. He is a true patriot,
earnestly- seeking 'that which he be
lievqt to beqthe best interests of the
entre nation, and his influence could
not but be a healthy one, even upon an
opposing majority. Unt it was his vir
tues that brought about his political
overthrow. Because'of them the con
trolling powers of the republican
party determined upon his defeat. lie
was a menace to the trusts and monop
olies that are the beneficiaries of pro
tection. The triumph of his views
meant the deprivation of their legal
authority to plunder the masses by
their cunningly devised system bper
ated for the ostensible purpose of pay
ing higher wages to labor and netting
greater profits tb the farmer.
In seeklng the accomplishment of
their purpose these representatives of
the money power left nothing undone.
They concentrated their forces for the
defeat of Mr. Wilson. McKinley was
sent to the district, ex-President lIar
risoin appeared there on the stump and
scores of others who are regarded as
strong workers in their party were
engaged to assist in defeating the
leading personal representatives of
tariff reform. Money was expended
without stint and all the devices
known to the "practical" politician
were employed against him. lie swas
a victim to the evils which he sought
to remedy, while the consequences
will fall most heavily upon those for
whom he sought equitable legislation.
This is the fate of reformers who
come in conflict with those who reap
the fabulous profits of so-called pro
tection. Morrison led the fight against
them in 1884, and his political career
was suddenly cut short. Mills gal
lantly took up the battle in 1888, and
though he was a representative from
the state of Texas, his defeat was
brought about at the next election,
and only by intervention of the state
legislature which named him to the
ocnate was he preserved to the coun
cils of the nation. From these facts
some idea of the power exercised by
the trusts, combines and monopolies
can be gained, and they will continue
the controlling influence of the repub
lican party until their true measpure is
taken by the people. Then they will
appreciate men like Wilson.-Detroit
Free Press.
A TRANSPARENT FARCE.
Republican Proteetees Alreadly Showing
Their hands.
Now that they have accomplished
the purpose for which they shut down
and threw their men out of employ
ment, the republican mill bosses and
protectees generally are resuming
operations, full of animation and
buoyancy.
Says a Pittsburgh dispatch to a Chi
cago McKinley organ: "Simultaneous
ly with the announcement of r sults
came a notice from the Oliver c"ob
ers Wire company that the rd mill
would be started at once. Like many
of the other mills, it worked only when
the mill had orders. The employers
were so well pleased over the election
that orders to start up were given.
Other mill owners say they will now
replenish their stocks, and a long and
prosperous period cf activity is looked
for."
Miraculous! One would suppose
from this statement that the McKinley
law was already restored, and that the
mill bosses were no longer afflicted
with the "ruinous Wilson bill" But not
so. That bill is with us to stay for more
than two years, at the least. Of course,
the mill bosses know it, and when they
rekindle their fires and proceed to
"stock up" and hilariously give out
that they look for "a long and prosper
ous period of activity"-when they do
this avowedly because the election has
gone to suit thlem tlhey admit that
there is nothing at all ruinous about
the "free trade bill." They admit
that they cxpect "a long and ~prosper
ouns period of activity" under tllhat bill,
for everybody knows they can get no
other bill for more than two years.
They admit that neither the fear of
the bill nor the bill itself wvas the
cause of hard times, but that they
themselves purposely made times :as
bad as they could for electionccrita
purposes.
There may be some people who do
not see through their game now, but
there will not be many such two years
hence.- Chicago IIerald.
-Please note how the calnlity
howlers are already tuning up to sing
their little song of prosperitys re
Siral. According to the senior recpub
licau organ and a few others of its
ilk thle tin, wool, iron and other lines
of industry by some occult process
were suddenly, as in the twinkling"of
an eye, changed from dejectionaand
despair to buoyant hope s.d . on'.
dence when the election re irns cnmi
in.-Clicargo Times.
--Ohio's immense rep- * .2lS'- r
jority is largely accounte " ; .- i
fact that McKinley did -of I
c '-nn=ignleg outsid@e of *ut a tIte
~i ~:tb L09~~~P sE
REPUBLICAN DUPLICITY.
How They laipullated the Treasury Um
der Harrsona.
The condition of the treasury at the
close of Mr. Harrison's administration
is pretty well known to intelligent
people, but there has been a systematic
effort by the republicans to misstate
it. The official figures furnished by
Secretary Carlisle show that the net
balance in the treasury was 8160,000,000
at the beginning of Mr. Harrison's ad
ministration, and 824,000,000 at the
close. Much is made of the fact that
a good deal of the public debt was paid
off under Mr. Harrison, but Mr. Car
lisle shows that the reduction under
HIarrison was 8236,000,000, while under
Cleveland's first administration it was
$341,000,000. These two items show a
difference of nearly 8250,000,000 in
favor of the Cleveland administration.
Republigans have persistently tried
to misreprreseat the condition of the
treasury in the last days of the Harri
son administration. It has been
charged by Congressman Dockery and
others that Secretary Foster caused
plates to be 'prepared for the issue of
bonds. Mr. Foster took the precau
tion to have inquiries made at Wash
ington whether any letter of his was
on file there showing that he had done
this. He was informed that no such
letter had been found after a hasty
search. Then Mr. Foster wrote a let
ter, in which he said:
"Mr. Dockery was mistaken. No such action
was taken. Its absurdity is so apparent that
I wooer that a gentleman of Mr. Dookery's
intelligence should make himself responsible
for such a blunder. The only bonds authorized
then, as now. were those authorized by the re
sumption act."
Then a more careful search of the
treasury files was made, and the fol
lomuing letter from Mr. Foster to the
chief of the bureau of Abngraving and
printing, dated February 20, 1893, came
-to light:
"You are hereby authorized and directed to
prepare designs for the 3 per cent. bonds pro
vided in the senate amendment to the sundry
civil bill, now pending. The denominations
which should first rccelve attention are $103
and $1,000 of the coupon bonds and $100. 31.00'
and $10.00'0 of the registered bonds. This au
thority is given in advance of the enactment.
in view of pressing contingencies, and you are
directed to hasten the preparation of te de
signs and plates in every possl0le maihner."
The bill providing for the three per
cent. bonds failed to become a law,
and they were not issued. But the es
sential fact that there were "pressing
contingencies" which made an issue of
bonds desirable, within two weeks of
the close of Mr. Harrison's term, ap
pears clearly from Mr. Foster's letters'
These' contingencies were so very
pressing that Mr. Foster thought it
imperative tV have the plates pre
pared before the law was passed. Yet
when testimony was wanted by re
publican campaign managers to break
the force of this damaging fact, Mr.
Foster signed a letter saying that he
wondered that Mr. Dockery would
make himself responsible for so amiurd
a statement.
.The profligacy of republican a, i
istrations has long been known. 1 a
.Fifty-first congress saddled upon
country expenditures which will _.s
for more than a generation. Yet the
republicans are asking that the purse
of the nation shall again be intrusted
to their keeping. The country has
suffered so much from-the last repub
lican congress that it ought to be wise
enough to refuse to be plundered
again.--Louisville Courier-Journal.
POINTS AND OPINIONS.
-Iloodle did it! The plutocratic
monopolists spent millions to down
the democracy.-Springfield Register.
- It looks as if the political pen
dulum had swung too far one way Ct's
time to be near the center of gravity.
-Iloston Herald.
--Republicanism, rejuvenated foi
the moment by calamities of its own
contrivance, has triumphed again,
but it triumphs as a minority over a
divided majority. -Chicago Herald.
- In the last quarter of a century
every defeat which the democratic
party has sustained in this state and
through this state in the country at
large is wholly or largely due to Tam.
many hall.--lluffalo Courier.
--The plutocrats the republicans
are prcparinu to send to the United
States senate will have their uses
there. Only a few more money-sack
senators are needed to assure the elec
tion of all senators by direct vote o.
the people.-N. Y. \Vorld.
--Ex-President Hlarrison is a shad
premature in the comelusion that th=
recent election was conclusive as t"
the vote two years from n1ow. The;
will be plenty of democrats at the
polls in '0i--too many for the llarrison
family.-Chicago Times.
--In McKinley'sold district in Ohio
the republican candidate for congress
got 12,000 votes, the democratic candi
date 11,400 votes andt GeOn. Coxey 9,200
votes. This looks as if MeKinleyism
was without conspicuous honor in its
own bailiwick yet.--Boston Herald.
--F'igures demonstrate plainly that
the stay-at-homes were very largely
responsible for the democratic slump.
It is a wecll-establishei principle ff
this government that men cannot re
train fromn voting and ~t the same
time have their votes counted.-De
troit Free Press.
--According to distinguished re
publican authority McKinleyisam is to
be revived only in a few respects.
"'The tariff on wool and on lumber
will te restored," aic says Tihat is the
first menace from the party coming
into power. Highfer prices for cloth
ing and carpets and higher prices for
building materials. luaking rents
higher anal increasing the cost of con
structing n Ilome. --Chicago Herald.
-- The battle for tariff reform will
have to go down foot and take a new
start. T''he battle over the money
issue will soo: be upon us. We shall
see *hcther there is democracy enough
left of the true and blue stripe to make
a great-coat good against all weather;
or whether we mInust still wear a coat
of niany colors, coveringr not a homo
neous party. inspirdd by faith and
-tah nt a mere bundle of factions
-hro .' gether by the upheaval of
the 41 *- 1 donifville CourlerJo@ur.