THE GAZETTE.
.Surb crr rijtion Price, : $. Per Year
Once tried, you will have no
other.-- L 4at? Why, the Daily
States- c.ar.
Ladies' Tomboy hats, 25c., at
Racket store.
A two-year-old child of Mr. Val
sin Duhon died in this town last
Saturday of dyptheria.
Dr. Fred Mayer came up from
O,.elousas last Wednesday. The
doctor is looking as well as ever.
\V. IV. Duson, of Crowley, was
in Lafayette Wednesday.
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all
hand made and imported tobacco.
For sale by 1'. l)emanade.
Dr. N. P. Moss, sen.ior member
of the firm of Moss Bros. & Co.,
went t:, New Iberia this week on
business.
Miss Louise Revillon returned
last Tuesday from a visit to friends
at Jennings and Lake Arthur.
Fine stationary for society people
and handkerchief perfumes that are
delightful, at Moss Bros. '& Co.'s
(drug department).
P. B. Roy and Jacques Bonne- I
maison, of Royville, were in Lafa
yette Monday,
A. M. Martin has purchased the
interest of Z. Cook in the Martin & 1
Cook saloon and is now sole pro- I
prietor.
The bar fixtures and mirror for
the saloon of Jno. O. Mouton has I
been received and will soon be
placed in position. We are in
formed that Mr. Mouton intends to
improve the appearance of his es
tablishmnent and add to the comfort
in every possible way.
Engineers, conductors and brake- i
men say that the Daily States is the s
best 5c. cigar they ever smoked. t
For sale by P. Demanade.
Andy McBride, who was serious- f
ly ill at Houston, has returned home
and is now as well as he formerly c
was. His many friends were pleas
ed to greet him. C
We regret to learn that the lut
paired health of our estimable friend,
Judge Alex Meaux, has necessitated 1
a trip to the gulf. We sincerel)y
hope lie will soon regain his health a
so that he may be able to resume a
his good work in the community of
which he is such a valuable mem- g
ber. t
Roys' knee pants, 25.c, at Racket
store. -
A little boy was admitted to the s
household of Mr. and Mlrs. J. E.
Trahan last Wednesday. The little
fellow has not spoken yet, but he !
has expressed himself in other ways 1
which leave no doubt that he has I
come to stay.
Sore Throat. Any ordinary case
may be cured in one night by ap
plying Chamberlain's Pain Balm as t
directed with each bottle. This
medicine is also famous for its cures
of rheumatism, lame back and deep- n
seated and muscular pains. For
sale by all druggists.
Dr. H. Dulany died at New o
Iberia a few days ago. Dr. Du- V
lany was at one time a resident of f
this town and he is remembered by v
many of our people. He was a e
man of education and a dentist of P
ability, but strong drink had im- g
paired his usefulness and caused
him to lead a reckless life.
Moss Bros. & Co.'s splendid line a
of Ladies' and Misses' trimmed hats, I
and charming collection ot season- t
able dress goods appears to have a
captivated the feminine portion of t
the population of Lafayette. Their S
millinery department is replete with
attractions in fashion novelties.
A Northern gentleman who was
an interested listener to Judge Al
len's oration last Saturday at the
Veterans' picnic expressed himself tl
in our presence at the conclusion of f
the address. He said that though C
a "pure-blooded Yankee" he could tl
not object to a single word uttered
by the judge. It is very true that
the learned judge praised the South- P
ern soldier and maintained the just- h
ness of the "Lost Cause," but not tl
an unkind word for the Federal sol- "
dier escaped his lips. a
Many prominent physicians high
ly recommend the Daily States ci
gars as free from adulteration;
hence not harmful.
Messrs. C. F. Moore & Co.,
Newberg, O)re., say: 'WVe sell
more of Chamberlain's Cough Remn- c
edy than all others put together, e
and it always gives satisfaction." P
Mir. J. F. Allen, Fox, Ore., says:
"I believe Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy to be the best I have han
(ied." Mr. WY. H. Hiltchcock,
Columbus, W'ash., says: "Cham- -
berlain's Cough renlmedy sells well a
and is highly praised. by all who use o
it." For sale by all druggists.
The Daily States 5c. cigars still in K
the lead. Fi'or sale by I'. Deiman- i
ade. I
In anb:her column will be found
an advertisement of the Lafayette
SRice Mill. Rice bran is offered for
sale'.it 50 cents for 125 pounds and
io "chicken feed" at 1 .25 per sack of
ly zoo pounds.
DAVIS' Virin Ciuavr ANI, TI'A will cure
a your Cough or Cold. 5oc. antd i.oo.
Last Monday after the meeting of
the "committee" our neighbor of
st the Advertiser hoisted the black
flag. What's up. Henri?
The wide-awake agent of the
Soouthern Pacific Company, J. J.
Davidson, and his capable assist
Ls ants, C. C. Mabray and Ed Givens,
are kept very busy with the usual
11 fall work. Nowhere is the com
p. pany represented by more faithful
representatives than at this place.
r Speaking of the cane culture in
this State the Louisiana Planter says
of our parish: "Lafayette, which
now stands nearly the lowest in the
list, will almost surely boom up as
a large sugar producer within a few
years, for large quantities of sugar
e cane have been grown in that par
e ish during the last few years which
s have been sold to factories outside
of the parish. The central facto
-ries now building there will encour
age the increased production of
sugar cane and perhaps verify The
Planter's prophecy made a year or
r two ago that within a few years the
- parish of St. Landry would be the
center of the sugar in-lustry of this
State rather than on its western
limits."
Many cigars that are sold for
soc. do not come up to the Daily
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demnanade.
After this week The Creole-Amer
ican will be published at Crowley,
so we are informed in the last num
ber of that paper. The Creole
American was established here
fourteen weeks ago by Mr. Geo. M.
Goolsby, a gentleman from the
State of Illinois. That the paper
did not meet with better success
here is not due to any fault of Mr.
Goolsdy who has at all times pub
lished a clean, newsy and indepen
dent sheet. Mr. Goolsby and his
assistants, Messrs. Harry Tubbs
and Mike Lovett are very agreeable
gentlemen, good printers and prac
tical newspapermen and are in every
way qualified to give to th- people
of the thriving little city of Crowley
a paper worthy of their most liberal
support.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
8:3o a. m. to :30o p. m. and 3 to 5
p. m.
All Saints' I)ay.
Yesterday, Friday, Nov. r, was
"All Saints D)ay," a day devoted to
the dead. The feast was observed i
in Lafayette as in all christia'i conm
munities. The usual ceremonies t
were held at the Catholic church
where the attendance was large.
Many people visited the ''silent city I
of the dead" and deposited some
very pretty floral tributes upon the i
graves of departed relatives and t
friends. To-day also the living will c
visit the cemeteries and place ilow- I
ers upon the graves and offer pious I
prayers for dear ones who have
gone to that bourne whence no t
traveler returneth. r
Unva ying excellence is a char- c
acteristic of the BUCKSKIN c
BREECHES. If you get a pairI
that suits you, you can always get
another pair just like them, just as
good fit, just as carefully sewed i
seams, just as neat in appearance. 7
If they're once good, they are al- e
ways good. \Ve have a standard
it's best in all points. We work to
that.
An Ice Factory.
The GAZE'rrE is reliably informed
that D. M. .7ill, representing the
firm of J. 1V. Brown & Sons, of
Camden, Ark., is negotiating for
the purchase or rent of a suitable
location in Lafayette to build an ice
factory before the next warm season.
This is certainly good news to the
people of this town. An icefactory
here can not fail of success, and
those who will invest in its erection
will, no doubt, find their investment
a remunerative one.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a ioc. smoke for 5c.
Conftirmation.
The sacrament of confirmation
was administered to 340 persons by
Archbishop Janssens at the Catholic
church last eVcdnesday. The cer
emonies attendant upon this aus
picious occasion were conducted I
with the usual solemnity. Among
the priests who participated were:
Fathers Branc:e of Rayne, l.ang
lois of St. Martinville, and Teurling. i
The Pelican Brass Band played an c
appropriate tune at the conclusion
of the ceremonies and later rcpairedl
to the presbytery where thle boys
discoursed some choice music iu
honor of the distinguished clergy
man who was the guest of l'athcr 1
Forge.
Id Tranlsftrrrcd to-tle tigh i: ':; .
te The following pupj of i'rof.
,r !Greig were transferred t - wreek to
the High School: Ida Hill, Lelia
id Miller, Euphetne Gauchreaux, Sadie
of McFadden, Eva Bourque, Auguste
Vigneaux. John Vandergriff, Nicho
las Hebert, Tom Wrebb, l'onm Weir,
re iFloi liroussard, I.orne Nickerson,
Sidney Romero and Dudley Mudd.
The record of these girls and boys
as reported by the principal as ex
of cellent, and by their application
:k and respectful deportment they have
earned a well-merited promotion.
Several more pupils are striving for
ie advancement and may soon be grati
J. fled. We are glad to note this of
t- the pupils and hope they will con
tinue to reflect credit on themselves
s' and their teacher.
In the course of his eloquent ad
i1 dress at the Veterans' picnic last
Saturday Judge Allen paid his re
spects to those orators and writers
t who are continualy prating about
s a "New South." 1 he Judge said
h that the ''Old South" was good
e enough for him, and that the
s ,New South" like that recent
"' ly discovered valiety of the
r genus home, the "New \Wo'man,'
should find no sympathy among
h Southern people.
Martin-Mouton.
Mr. Arthur Martin, a worthy
young gentleman of this patish, and
Miss Amanda Mouton, daughter of
e our townsman, Mr. Thomas Mon
r ton, were married by the Rev.
e Father F. A. B. Laforest at the
e Catholic church at Carencro Mon
s day evening. A number of friends
and relatives of the estimable young
" people were present and were inter
ested witnesses to the impressive
marriage ceremony of the Catholic
r church. After the reverend father
had performed the religious rites
whi'ch united the happy young cou
ple in the holy bonds of matrimony
and invoked the benediction of
heaven upon them, the bridal party
drove to the home of Mrs. Victor
- Maitin, where the auspicious event
- was celebrated by a handsome re
ception. Among those from this
town who attended are: Dr. and
Mrs. G. A. Martin, Miss Rosa Mar
tin, Mr. 1). A. Cochrane and family,
Messrs. Sidney Veazey and Fernand
Mouton.
A lHallowe'en Party.
Hallowe'en-the night of funny
things and odd doings-was fittingly
celebrated by Mr. and Mrs. C. K.
DIar!ing at the hospitable home of
Mr. J. Nickerson. All who were
pre-;ent d d honor to the occasion in
true hailowe'en style. The custom
ary games were played with their
usual mirth and mystery. Lunch,
whic:h was served after 12 o'clock,
consisted of the conventional
S''"pumlJkin pie," with candies, pol;
corn, lnuts, etc.
rThe costumes were decidedly
quaint. The ladies showed the
grB:atest skill in combinining colors.
One was noticed with a pale blue
waist with purple bodice and a red
overskirt trimmed with white lace
over a solid blue skirt. Miss Lea t
Gladu, to whom was awarded the .
lady's prize, was attired in an aggre
gation of grotesque and forgotton
-fine.y, representing a '"picture from
the past." Dr. Ralph Raney and
MI r. C. K. Darling were rival claim
ants for the gentleman's prize, which I
finally was decided by lot. These
gentlemen had succeeded in procur
ing enough rags and tatters to make
them commendable representatives
l of the "weary waggle" type, and
portions of their habiliments were
perfect specimens of the Coxey art.
The remainder of the merry party
were attired in all the hues of the
rainbow, and, verily, "Solomon in
all his glory was not arrayed like
one of these." The party consisted
of :
hMrs. Wim. Kelley, Misses Lea
Gladu, Stella and Haydee Trahan, ,
Zerelda Bailey, Ada MIoss, Kitter
idge, Lula Kelley, Ida, Susie and ,
l.iza Hopkins, Jennie and Sallie
Torian, Blanche Stag, Louise Giv
ens, Lizzie Mudd; Messrs. \Wm.
Kelley, Baxter Clegg, John G;ivens,
Orin Hopkins, Jack Nickerson, C.
K. Darling, Drs. Girard and Raney. L
D)r. Davis' Compoutnd Syrup oi"
Wild Cherry ansd Tar.
Everyone knows WVild Cherry anid Tar
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
chitis Croup, \Vhooping Cough, all L.ung ,
and T'hr,,at troubles, andi when combinedc
with other drugs of the greatest value in e
such diseases, as tlhey are in I)A\is' \1Vl.t, C
CII ERR" AND I.\ A, it mnakes the remedy
you should have at hand Soc. and $. F.o s
per bottle. Ask for I)Avas' W ir.ln CIII.;RKR
AND TI'.\R, NOT Wild Cherry and Tar.
Hall at Carenero.
Our neighbors of Carencro have not been v
given to balls lately. Probably they were 1
so busy with the cotton market and Iocal
politics that they could not devote any time i
to anmusements, but last Sunday niglht they
rallied at (;ilbeaux's hall and danced the t
night away. Elegant prizes were awarded
Sto the best tlanccrs,. who swere Miss L.uctyC
Bernard .ind AIr. taniul Pellerin. The fol-F
itnlllg ladies fromn this towi! attenlded: L
Mines. IE. .lcla)nniel, 1.. L.acoste, A. RI. I.is
Sbony, Misses C. leazey, Clara Martin, M. v
I)oucet, I.. Guidry, ila L.ester, lIydia Mc- t
I)anicl, Anita I.cacste. Manmic I.ishny, II. t
bert "l'heall, i lenry iontenot. Roaul I'eller
in, Rene Honndt, Sosthen .11artin, l.oui. l .a- I
coste, I loristal Guidry, \Villie l.evy, S.
Iloudreaux, I.. J. IDerbcs.
It is plassing strange how sonme
people are possessed of a strong, t
inordinate ldesire to "save the I)e- I
imocfrn:y'" aind to diestrov Isaismn
• and "ring rtulc.'"
~i .Y'2'}ATION
to Of the Virgin at the City of Mexico.
is Archbishop .Jat1s.v4enst Wit
le nle,;sed the Ceremitony.
te Archbishop Janssens. who was in I.afaty
O- ette this week, having stopped over a couple
r, of days to confer the sacrament upon a large
i, numloer of Catholics, has just returned from
Li. the City of Mexico, where he had gone to lie
ys present at the ceremonies attending the cor
- olation of the inmge of Our Lady of Guada
lupe. 'he celebration at the famous Cathe
m dfl, which is just outside the city limits, be
re gal on the Ist of October and continued
n, during the whole month. It was the great
est celebration of the kind ever witnessed in
America. Onl coronation day over 50,000
.1- ascnimbled itsidle and around the great cathe
df dal; there were thirty-eight blishops and
- archbishops and hutndrds of lesser aignita
S ries of the Catholic church. The coronation
ceremiionies were of utnsurpassed splendor
and conducted with the solemnity befitting
the occasion. P'ontifical mass teas celebratedt
b y the Archbishop of Mexico, who was as
St sisted by the local clery. After the none
had beetn sung, at the conclusion of the
m- ass, the two crowns (one a magnilicent crca
rS tion of the jeweler's art and containing jew
els and gold valued at mt re than S50o,iooo,
It the workiannship costing an additional $35,
r oo0, and a supernumerary crown. to be used
on ordlinary occasions) werte borne nil a
d broncord, which supported a silk enmbroid
te cred cushion, upon which they lay, by ladies i
of the highest rank in Mexico, into the sanc
- tuary, and were there blessed by the arch
e bishop. Two notaries then real aloud to
the assembled con.regation a. plroccs verba
itt both l.atin and Spanish, formally pre
g sented the precious emblem to Abbot Plan
carte and the chapter of Guapaluipe. The
chapter of canons of the cathedral in a buJy
knelt before the altar, anid each in succes
sion, with hands on the nlissal, took an oath
Y to defend at all times the honor of Our Lady
d of Guadalupe, and to keep and pireserve the
precious crown. A procession was then
)f fornied, and, headed by the several arch
Sbishops present and followed by a great
nunhmber of bishops and priests, the crown
was carried around the church to the en
e trance, when it was taken into the cathedral
- and placed above the image of the Virgin'by
s the bishops and archbishops of Michoacan
At the conclusion of this function a great out
8 burst of enthusiasm occurred, in striking
ý- contrast with the solemnity of the occasloll
e and preceding ceremonies, the pilgrims
C shouting: "Viva la Madre de Dois la Virgen
de Guadalupe."
It was at this moment that the cathedral
S bells throughout Mexico pealed forth the
f joyous tidings. A short printed prayer or
Y invocati'.n had been distributed to every dc
vout member of the church in all dioceses of
that country, and whether at home, in the
y streets, or pursuing their avocation, they
r were expected to offer tip devotions at that
impressive moment.
The image which was crowned is a paint
ing claimed by Mexican Catholics to have
s been miraculously impressed in the year
d 153i on the "yilena" or apron of a poor In
dian recently converted from heathenism.
This event is said to have taken place at the
village of Guadalupe, where the magniticent
d ceremonies alluded to above took place.
At Koyville.
, A political caucus was hehl in the rear of
.Mr. Iandry's saloon yard Saturday evening.
TY he meeting was decidedly "*anti," with the
tIon. J. 11. Benoit as chief factotum, atl
f viser, dloor manager and presiding fllicer.
S'Cher kee" was unable to gather any of the
lparticulars of thre caucus, but it is sai:.
though, that Mr. Aurelien P'rimean's was
nominated as a candidate for police juror of
r this ward.
S Roev. Father C:habrierl and Mrs. S. I.
lirotussartd were in ILafayette Nlonday.
i Messrs. J. ()).I tanchet and Joe lRigeur
vi vsited town .Mondlay.
LiThe Iuilex family are in New ()rlt.ans
end are gtiests of Mrs. Alciatore.
1 r. -Scr.anton was in I .afatrvtte this week.
e ,e a;re not a reforlmist inll nll sense of the
I' ord, I:t we wtouil like toi see a raid mnade
i i thile 'aro wenches who are in Royville
living in indolence and laziniess. Thllse
!lack an- lewdt I ot womeni never know what it
i is to wrk, and still they are invariahbly lat
Stel" dressed than others of their sex who are
C i ctpepl!edC to work for a living. ly al!
Smcanll, the should Ibe cleaned tout.
I ieil of that deadly malady, dropsy, ouin
day, (O)ctoler 27, Mr. Euplhelnon l~ehlanc,
formerly- oif our wvard, bulit for the last two
years a resident of Bay-ou Tig.re, V erallion
parish. .\Ir. I.etblanc was a gentleman of
lofty character who, by his intelligence and
e honesty, had won the full conlidence of his
mlalny friends. lie was a devoted husband
and father, and a friend to the poor. In
e pol-itical life he was the staunchest of )emo
s crats. WVith his bereaved fainily we deeply
condole.
It is rumnored that MIr. J. R. I )omengeaux
has re-entered the race for clerk of court.
"Mr. I)oinengeaux writes uits to emphatically
deny the whole thing as a fabrication, lie
is neither a candidate for the clerkship nor
for any other oelice.
P'. B. Roy, Esq., left Wednesday for New
Orleans.
"Cherokee" was congratulated by several
good farmers for his bold statements in last
I week's G;Ai.r rmE on the "Credit" situation.
\Ve are pleased to see that our relmarks \ierc
appreciated. Our ailn is to present ntur
readers with weekly letters, authentically
Sstating facts anid nothling mtore.
S Stouts, the caterer, will receive next week
- a large stock of candies, fruit, etc. Notlh
ing short about Stouts but his nante, and
the difference can bIe imadtle inout t "'pralines,"
Starts, junibo, etc. G;ive himn a call.
Tucesday's aind Veldnesday's rains broke the
long dry spell. It was titnely, as stock,
•gardens andl cisterns were "hard ip" for
- water.
The following well-knot-i ''knights of
r the roadt" were in Royville this wtck:
,-Messrs. lien Lewis, I)l Itondio, Vic I ler
bert, Lacassagne, Pellerin, and the ili
veteran, ,. IBeer.
e it were sorry to hear that at the Colfc·I -
crate reunion, Satuitlay, our wardt was the
, only one that did not send a delegatiion.
This is inldeedl too badl as we have a large
inumbnler of oll veterans left who stoodl the
0 stnrmly attacks of V'icksburg, Shiloh andl the
i Shenandoah Valley.
Mlessrs. Sarvis, lDavid and Langlinais have
started to make molasses. Tl'heir little sugar
houses are turning out a very good article,
a whose ready sales pIrove how sweet aind tIc
e licious the syrup is.
I Mr. Dyr's subtantial barn is nearitng
c-,ompletion. It is undolbtedlly one of tlhe
e' Ihantlsomnest in the Iparish.
- PrSof. \Vebb has hadl a levee ltbuilt across
C the low llat leading t, hiis school. M1r.
\ Vcllb never loses the ppllortutnity of lilaciiin
colutfort wittlin the rcitch of his lpupilt.
i "'dgeux les niarier's" will Ibe a popular
Scry after la -IT utssaint. '
TIhe (.lce club has reorgaizicd ftr the
t inter. cvral lieti ntti)ltcs Were adtlilel ti
ithe list. .Ill inquirics inads u the sence
ti I:art l i~Iri cnusix, EIs ., wiill receive Ir lluntpt
I.t Scrliton, whith er thaughters, .-iset.'C
I-uhy aniti Grtie, atm. 1i'n. J. R. I)irnteti
'-n iaux were in I.ala-tte Suniltta'.
SlMaster iex I.clihnlnc, of Ablceville, is a
guest of his granl!lliother, Mrs Ii. ,Roy.
. hr. I.eadias I.eblanc. a very clever gci -
tlceuill antl a candidate tflr sheriff of Vcr
ntillin litrish, atteicl.ed Mr. l.ulphenion I .c
- tlllanc's funleral 'ITuesday.
- 1Xe \rere the rec'cipinct of nice ipecans, ll .a
i ('til i.::-.Ii; -
STHE VETERANS' PICNIC
,. At 1eausejour Park-A D)ay That
as l'Thoroughly Ellnjye d.
ILast Saturday the reunion and
-basket picnic of the confederate
.Q veterans of General Frank Gardner
Camp took place at Beausejour
, Park amid much enthusiasm. The
attendance was not very large, but
ithe good fellowship and the spirit
of genuine cordiality visible on
- every hand, made up for the lack of'
o numbers. There is something en
_ nobling in these reunions of the old
: patriots who answered to their
iI country's call in the hour of danger,
` and right here let us express the
i1 hope that the members of Gardner
camp wi'l meet at least once a year.
S\\hat more edifying spectacle can{
be presented to the boys and girls
of the growing generation than a
gathering of these gray - haired
'heroes? Only a small number of:
the vast army is left, and year by.
- year the ranks of the survivors are
thinned by the hand of death.
At ti o'clock the park was pretty;
well filled up with the families of'
the veterans and those who had an
swered to the generous invitation ex
1 tended to eve; ybody to participate
in the celebration. The veterans
assembled at the bridge near the
Spark and after forming the columns
marched to the speakers' stand, iMrs.
Gen. Frank Gardner, sponsor for'
the camp, and Judge A. C. Allen,
the orator of the day, walking at,
the head of the procession. At the
termination of the march Mrs.
Gardner and Judge Allen took seats
I on the platform front which the
speakers delivered their addresses.
During the time which intervened
before the speaking the Broussard
band, under the leadership of Prof.
t C. Jennaro, dispensed some appro
priate pieces of music.
Mr. J. A. Laneuville stepped to
r the front of the platform and pre
sented a beautiful bouquet to Mrs.
Gardner. Before doing so the ven
erable gentleman gave expression to
some patriotic sentiments in a man
ner that was quite touchitg. The
bouquet was made up exclusively
of flowers bearing the Conlfederate
colors; it was a splendid specimen
of the florists' art.
Ir. 1). A. Cochrane, adjutant of
the camp, presented Judge Allen
to the audience in a few well-chosen
words. The judge spoke about two
hours and during that time held his
hearers spell-bound by his fervid
eloquence. It is safe to say that
the people of the parish have never
heard a more eloquent speaker. He
revieved the principal battles, pay
ing glowing tributes to the confed
erate generals and chieftains. The
judge spoke of the gallant services
of the I ouisiana soldiers, who, he
said, were the peers of any on
earth. He spoke of the bravery
and devotion to duty of Generals
Gardner and Mouton, the latter
having met his death on the field cf
battle. Many were visably affected
by the eloquent words of the ora
tor. We regret that the limited
amount of space at our disposal will
not permit of a more extended re
port of Judge Allen's oration.
At the end of Judge Allen's ad
dress Miss May Bailey, the pretty
and bright young daughter of our i
worthy townsman, Mr. W. B. Bai
ley, recited Father Ryan's "''Con
quered Banner," holding in her
hand the staff of a very handsome
banner made of silk and presented
to the camp by Mrs. . V. B. liley.
Judge Conrald )ebaillon, a umen
bher of the camp, spoke in French.
The judge's address, though short
was to the point and was well re
ceived.
The '-Sword o: Robt. E1. l.ee."
one of lFather Ryan's beautiful
poemns, was well rendered bly ibt.i.
-i. ZMcLadtlen, a son of Judge M[c
(ad(den.
In response to an invitation from
the camp Julian Mouton, l'sil., de
livered an address in the l'rcnch
language.
Miss Alice .\bbott, daughter of
Mr. J. Abbott, recitedl with much
feeling and grace the '"l'rayecr of
the South."
T'hat sveet old song, "lMarylanl.
MIy Maryland," was sang with miiuch
success by Miss A\nna, the daughter
of Dr. T. 1. Hopkins.
The programt being contcltlded
the veterans and their guests began
to make the preplarations for dinner.
It was already late in the afternoon :
and the '-inner man" wanted some
thing besides eloqueut speeches,
l)r. Ryan's poems and P'rof. Jenna
ro's music.
Most of the people renmained on 1
the groundls until about 5 o'clock in
the evening when it was time to re
turn home. \'e believe that evcr-
,oly who attended this picnic had
PEOPLES STATE BANK.
CAPITAL, $25,000 ......... ......SURPLUS, $5,000
Does a Genera! Banking Business.
CR( O1 (.IA\KI), i'r'. J011N () t IC' . 'ic-Prs. . I. 'AkCKERS'LON, Cashier.
a good time. Those who lid n. t
enjoy themselves .have no one to
blame. The (;azctte compli;nent.
the nmembers of the (;Lirlner ,ain,
andil desires to express the \,wiSi that
they will all live to attenc l Iain-'
more such reunions.
5So. " t. ,'. v.
J. C'. |luchanan, Captain.
I ). .L. :Lchr.ltne. .\.Ijutant.
A.rthtr (I reig, 1st L.i.ie ntn lnt.
L. G. lirenu'. 2d I.ieuttena:tvt.
John Ilat n, 3rd l.ieutienani.
m\Vnl. Clegg, Treasurer.
II. C. W\ illis, Standalrd liHearer.
(nitl llaru n, ( hapllait.
J. S. \1outon, Sergeant Miajir.
A. Dehlnillabn N1. "". Martlin
.A. I.(uilllir T. A. McFa.hlen
I-. Con{anti (;ustave Llnutlnl
W\. I. Iailey J. K. Greir
II. t. Creswell T. 1). Wier
R. S. Perr"y T"'h)llas Mlluton
AI. . Moss El ie Mci.aniel
Chrisntin Stiiler R. Ct. Ladry
Siney Greif A. T. Melride
Etientne totutn 1. A. I.ancuville
. I). Trahan t P. I.. I)eChntet
Numa Itl.reaux \. I. Torian
Ililaire Savoin s 'alsin \lenuit
iesire Savois V1 akin Vincent
Pierre IBroussard Jules \V. irouttssaird
FIer.linanul Trahtn A. C. Blroussard
L.. F. Rigues J. 1). Prcattx
John S. Ranld L.ucien St. Julien
L.. S. BIroussard.
XO'I1C5.
Comrade Sam Montgomery was
the happiest "vet" on the grounds.
Comrade "Doug" Cochrane made
an excellent master of ceremonies.
He was at all times equal to the
occasion.
Dr. Griard appeared at the park
with his kodack and photographed
the veterans in a group.
"Gus" Lisbony was almost as
glad as he was on the (lay he left
New Orleans with the fanious
"Tigers."
The dance participrated in by
nearly all of the veterans was the
feature of the day. They all did
well, but MIr. Cochrane was enti
tied to the prize.
There were almost as many babies
on the grounds as at the baby snow,
but they behaved well enough.
Judge Allen was pretty hard on the
"new woman," but he was right.
Those who believe that Lafayette
has no pretty girls should have been
at the picnic. It does seem that
they were all there.
The applause elicited by the let
ter from Gen. Nicholls shows how
dear this noble old warrior is to the
hearts of the people.
When the name of Alcibiades 1)e
Blanc was mentioned oy one of the
speakers, the earnest applause with
which it was greeted evinces the love
which is felt for the nmeinory of
that chivalrous louisianian.
"lr-. Zell'.. V'i-it.
Robert R.. Zell, of New Orleans,
superintendent of the St. Charles
Street Railway Company, caine to
Lafayette this week to otlicr his ser
vices to the town in connection with
the waterworks and electric lights.
Mr. Zell is highly recommenlded as
a consulting engineer and shotlhil
the town undertake the building of
the proposed improvements the ser
vices of such a person mtay be con
sidered desirable to represent its in
terests in the tnatter. In company
Swith Mr. T. M Iliossat lMr. Zell
rode through the town. and visited
the railroad well and being shown
some water from it explressed h:in
self very favorably with ;he qutalit ..
It may not be out of order to state
th it at the well which is being dtag
at the refinery a depth of it = feet
has been reached and thiere is a
good flow of nice, clear water. i- .Ir.
Zell says that the well water here is
of a superior quality and for this
reason waterworks should be a great
desirat num.
Sheriiff liroussard and Ju.lge I)e
baillon went to llroussardvi'le Tlhurs
day and sohl the property belon:.ing
to the estate of the late I)r. I. C.
I.atrolats. The drugstore buil!ing
was bought by .Mlr. J. (;. St. Jlulien
and the vacant lot was bid in by
Mr. Rosemond I.el;lanc. Te c
Carcncro land found no puiirchaseri
anil will be readlvertised for sale. I
Th!'e nmovablle ilrol)erty was bough:
1by dlilfferent parties.
1lVcrek o(ii thie .Al'xnmandllmt
rihat. freight wreck oc,.itcu at (;rariatnI sita
tin, in .t. LIa Lrv. on the .l.'andrii
S ranoeh af thie S,,iut.i ern 'aiite. C, t ilinuctr I
i:::liie I'·-fo.lr. .rn \sn; ill har... of thet• train
nlad was p'., c , tediil l at ag gol slle-'tl ta, rdsil
I.afa-tcite w... i h-i cah i.a' aol t-i 1ars
jmlipe d the track anI rllcd o,,wti the etn
liaiiktin enlmmnt makinK a lnitg ,t wrick. .13c.;.r.s.
"lix .aindr" an, jlmin IH ven. trailliicil,
- l wetere in ti:ic aieniaii. nlar00l I stjL'td
swith their lives, lying inse.ntible wit-en ae
covered froin (lie wreik. .dr. Crsin lIe
bcrt, another of the crew, 'was caughlt iunler
tlie irreck., iut firlilnlatelI es·capeid witllhout
injury. Conld uhctor Peiferkin a- as ni the i
engilne att the tinle, sai rs-ceived no harml.
Tlhe :rewm of the train are ilmen of f.tmilies
and r.siIetsn f iiI a..it.vs . w 2ric tihes areL
State of l.outrisiana, Parish of Lafa
S'etc, No. 35o0--Stucces
tsirn of Jacques
Roian.
:-. vi,::;". :,f an older issued out of the
7ith I.l u,'i.,l Itistlict Court iin and for the
!,"iu t of l.af:-.bter aring date Sept it.
I a,1, : .l to rwv .hrccted, I have been au
tor;i.,I an entsrr.vered to sell and will sell
't pubtlic ancton at thie front door of-the court
iue of t!e sAl parish, to the last antd
highest bidder. bect'cetn legal sale hours, oil
Sa'tltrtldty. Nov. )9, 1895.
thl fllowing desc-ribed property, to-wit:
I.ot N,. (One--Tle claimn Of said Succes
sii.o c:"ain t the l.'uiz:ed States for the unsit
iliedl lan.l cThthl-s being 0. CI., 1V. Dist l:,
1427, for So arlpets II. 1428, for 320 ar
tlIt.. II. I429, for 240o arpdrts, B. 1430,
for 401 arpents, It. 743r, for a6o arpenta, B.
1471, for, 400oo a:rpe., Ii. 1870, for 44o ar
pents, in all 2040 arpentt.
l.t to,--l'he claims of said succession
g::,inst the Unitedl Sates for the unsatisfied
land claii, kttsrtn as C. No 1347, for 23.
artpentll inl the report of land board dated
May 1S51.
Lot three-Attakapas warrant, No. 7IS.
seri',s of July 1S2, for 5o0 acres of cypress
:swamp lamn on (;rosse ''ete, Bayou ste
pt**n.
Lo.tt four--rle clainl of said succession
against the United Stales for the unsatisfied
lan.1 claims IbeCig 0. II" \Vest District of
Louirai.na, No). 1433. ftW 320 arpents, A.
No t14i2, for 560o arp.ttts and BI. 187o, for
440 orpelnt s, ill ail t,3o arpeuts.
T'ernms Cash.
ISAAC A. IhROUSSAR)D,
"Sept. 14. Sh.eritf of Lafayette parish.
Momnicthinig For Nothing.
(tf all thei recent efforts at writing the life
,f Napoleon illn !ppular style, Mliss Tarbell'*
eastly leads. i:r point both of merit and in
terest. It first aplpeared serially in Mte
C(/*ur,"s." ./alor, ine., anad Is now pul;lished in
a handslmmely printed cloth-bound volume.
with 250 illustrations. The book is having
nt, enornmots sale at ;I.oo per copy. PUB
Sl.Wt OPINION (New \ork City) is actually
giving aray this line volume to new sub
scribers. Write for particulars.
1'rotcction to Gtamelo and Poultry.
Thle undersigned will pay $50 bounty to
the person.s. making the highest number of
points Iy killing predatory animals and
Ibirds of prey in the parish of Lafayette.
1.a.. Iefore the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one umaking greatest number t.
points.
1 t the tl aking next greatest num
her of pointy.
$to to the one making next greatest num
her ,of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
blty poinlts, as fellows.
L.argi" llawk t5 Viil cat ............1
mall hawk ..15 Coon ............5
Owl 13 Opossum .... .....
Mlink ... 15 W easel ..............15
ktk ... .. Fox.. ..... ...15
lI cads of birds ,f prey and scalps of ani
mtrals to he tdelivered to V nm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points. no bounty to be paidl
for less than live hundred points.
1. F. MI.ES.
Demand of Administration.
State of T.,ttisiana, Parish of Lafa
ctte--- 7th 1 udicial Dis
trict Court.
1Vhereas Emile l;att,. tf the parish of St.
Martin, has liledt itt said court a petition to
be aptpointed adlintistrator of the succession
.f O)relien lBreaux, deceased. Any person
it:tending to make any opposition to said
appoitettnilt will file the same in said court
within ten days fromt publication of this
notice: othermise sail appointment will be
(;ivent un:ler tt- ,,ftiicial seal and signature
in the t,own ,,f l.afaytte, l.a., this 24th day
of ()ct.bter. A. I). I,95.
W'. It. I .\I .::v,, Clerk of Court.
t )ct. 21,.
To the Public
Sttla persotn or persons have, through sel
tish motive;, stated to a number of people
in this townt that I was going ont of the meat
Ibusiness. I desire to qay that this statement
is false. I will conttinttue to sell meat to all
who wishl It, ltuy from ,nte, notwithstanding
all reptorts to the contrary.
iPAUI. CA\STEL.
i'uhlic Sale.
Succession of Thomas Clews, I)e
ceased.
Notice is herenby given that by virtue of
an ,,rder issued byv the lion. the 17th Judi
cial D)istrict Coulrt of the State of Louisiana,
holdhing session t n and for the parish of La
fayette. da.ted the 14th dlay of October, A.
It. 1So5. and by virtue also omtt of a com
'mission issueI out of said court, based vlita)
said ordter and directed to me, the under
signed C'lerk of ('lourt andt Es-Officio Ad
Ininiistrat.or I will sell at public auction, to
the higlihest and last bidder, on
Satuttrday, No'-ovctber 16, 1895,
Ietweein tite legal Ihours of sale, at Carencro,
I.a.. in this parishl, the following dtlescribedtl
property telotging to said succession, to-wit:
(ine spottetd heifer: one yellow cow; spot
,'ted cw and calf: red cow and calf; one
Iah.. hor.e: one Ibrow\) hIorse: onle mnarc; one
lilly: one c-tlt: one pair mules; one plow
In hetares: 40 Imrrel. of corn; and 400oo lbs.
Ssetc itn cottutnt, etc.
"'erns e'as. VW. B. BAILEY,
, 'lerk rtf cotrtr antt V'x-Officia Adlntinistrator.
i- FOR SALE !
Attention Iltotn,1 Seekers and
I Intvestors.
.1\ chance of vtntr life time to secure an
itltal hIole :nttl iprilitalle farm. Also the
Il.:.\ASl-.JOrl Sprlings and Park situatedt
on thie banks itf the Ieauttiful Bayou Vermil
itn. A large conr(!nllltins cotuntry resldence
with TWO') I IIUN)KED ARPENTS of .
I Esceillet landl. Soil very best for e-ltiva
tittr of Sug.ar cane, ctrl, cotton, etc. One
rtlic frotn tlhe T'own of Lafayette; half mile
frn, Sugar Relitnery. Apply at store of
MtoUTroN BROS. ia
I am applying forr a full pardon Ire6M
sentence of eight months in the State
tentiary ftr the larceny of a cow at .Lhe "hst
t us . ...rt. J),st i' DTjhagKst.7g-