a 1esbe at a gleeaus
s'!v,'but it won't be taken as
froe hot saetew.--hester (Pa.)
-:±. =aa never realises how much
S'~iriture he owns until he tries to
whalk raepdly through his house in the
dark-Etoile Belge.
-If men were as ungallant during
eourtship as they are after marriage, it
is doubtful if more than one in ten
thousand could ever get a wife.-Ram's
Horn.
--"That was an awfully queer thing
aboutJack Watson's marriage." -"What
:do you mean?" "'Why, he married the
girl for love, when she had lots of
money."
-The people who abuse this world
most vehemently while enjoying all its
privileges are generally the ones who
raise a great fuss over dying.-Wash
ington News
-Bacon -"So you have been up to
Niagara falls? Did you hear the
mighty roar of the cataract?" Egbert
-"No; I had my wife with me."
Yonkers Statesman.
-Cattle Dealer (looking at an oil
painting)-"Alle Wetter! Two thou
sand marks for the two oxen! That is a
lot, and they are lean into the bar
gain!"-B umoristisches.
-Florence--"Do you know anything
about swingingng:dumb-bells?" Charley
-"Well, I guess I do; I had to dance
four times with that horrid Miss Flintly
last night."-Inter-Ocean.
-The idea of employing pretty wom
en- for bill collectors looks feasible, but
it would not work. The delinquent
debtors would all want them to call
again.-Somerville Journal.
-Workman- "Are you in favor of
the eight-hour movement, my friend?"
Tramp (in tones of disgust)-"Do I
look like a chap as was in favor of any
kind of movement?"-Comic Cuts.
-Hicks-"Smiddle's wealth, I dare
say, is wholly due to his own unaided
efforts." Wicks--"On the contrary, the
most of it is due to his creditors; but
they'll never get any of it."-Boston
Transcript.
-Two Wishes.-Adoring One (in lav
ender kids and a blue scarf)-"Oh, how
I wish that I were that book you clasp
so lovingly!"' She--"How I wish you
were, so that I could shut you up."
Yankee Blade.
-Not to be Overlooked. - Bire
"There are at least sixteen things
about your sugar I like." Grocer--"Ah,
and what are they?" Bire-"The num
ber of ounces to the pound. "-Detroit
Free Press.
-A Burstof Grief.--Rounder--"What
book is that you are weeping over."
Old Soak-"Paradise Lost." Rounder
-"What do you find in that to weep
about?" Old Soak (bursting out afresh)
-"It is-s all about 1-lost spirits."
Truth.
-Diner-"Waiter." Waiter - "Yes,
sah." Diner-"Can't you take my or
der? I've been waiting ten minutes."
Waiter-"I ain't de gentleman wat
waits on dis ver table, sah. De other
gentleman'll be heah in a minute,
sah."-Boston Courier.
-Miss Kulscher-"'Mr. Nibbler, do
you write for the papers still?" Mr.
Nibbler-"No; I found it didn't pay." I
sold a story to an editor for a sovereign
five years ago. and then spent three
pounds buying the paper before it was
published.' "-Tit-Bits.
Both the method and results when
Syrup of Figs is taken; it is pleasant
and refreshing to the taste, and acts
gently yet promptly on the Kidneys,
liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys
tem effectually, dispels colds, head
aches and fevers and cures habitual
constipation. Syrup of Figs is the
only remedy of its kind ever pro
duced, pleasing to the taste and ac
ceptable to the stomach, prompt in
its action and truly beneficial in its
effects, prepared only from the most
healthy and agreeable substances, its
many excellent qualities commend it
to all and. have made it the most
popular remed known.
yrp of Figs is for sale in 50o
d $1 bottles by all leading drug
gists. Any reliable druggist who
may not have it on hand will pro
cure it promptly for any one who
wishes to try at. Do not accept any
gubstitute.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRAINOQCO., CAL.
£toVui Wa. Fr. Ew FOURL lV.
HORSES OR MULES?
COLIC Q *
is guaranteed to Oure
in Every Case.
NO UlENClIN--DO5E: CUE TIA5LePOOWL.
LE2ID, Miss., Web. at, l9go.
Da snis:--I do not want to be without a
named dinmseses. Am .a asmer, owner s
bmederof borm, cows and bogs. I, have usd
e Ieaidc in a good number of cases, ad in
_--.tnsnce, found it fullyP s good as recoi
There isan increasing demand for it
_________ 3.3. propietoas.
caara - s  .ea. , one cup
of sugar, one quart of milk, one table
spoonfuoft corn starch, one teasponful
vanila, a small p of alt. Beat the
sugar and eggs toyether; mix in the
other Ingredients .ewlUeand bake on one
crust This makes two ples.-Boston
Budget
Boiled Apple Dumpling.-Prepare
your paste. Cut into squares, and fill
as for baked dumplings, chopping finely
the apples that they may cook more
readily. Pat each dumpling into a bag
or cloth and tie, leaving room for it to
swell. Drop the bag into boiling water,
and boil steadily for an hour. Serve
the dumplings hot with sauce. A good
saunce is made by mixing butter, brown
sugar and cinnamon.-Ladies Home
Journal.
-Vegetable Soup~For this I always
buy a "ten or fifteen-cent shin" of beef,
because there is so much marrow; put
on to cook in cold water at nine o'clock;
at half-past eleven o'clock have ready
four potatoes quartered, or smaller if
preferred, two onions, a double handful
of cabbage chopped fine, one carrot
grated, two tomatoes, and a small red
pepper. Lift the beef out on your meat
platter, and serve the soup at twelve.
Ohio Farmer.
-Molasses Cup Cake.-One teacupful
each of sugar and sweet milk, two
eggs, three teacupfuls of flour, half a
teacupful butter, a pinch of salt and
one teaspoonful of soda dissolved in one
teacupful molasses; flavor with a tea
spoonful each of cinnamon and ginger.
Bake in shallow cups or gem pans. Try
it and see if there is enough flour; if
not, add as much as needed, but they
lose their excellence if too stiff.-Orange
Judd Farmer.
-Potato Pats.-Make mashed potato
into thin pats while it is warm, and
these can be fried in various ways-by.
dipping in beaten egg and fry
ing in butter, by dipping in egg
and then in corn meal and
frying in butter, or simply frying
after bacon or salt pork. They are also
delicious placed on a buttered pan in
the oven and basted often with dripping
from a beef or mutton roast, and placed
around the roast when served. -Coun
try Gentleman.
-Graham Gems--In my estimation
Graham gems are better made without
eggs. My manner of making them is
easy and is also inexpensive. Take one
pint of thick, sour milk in which is dis
solved a small teaspoodful of soda or
saleratus, a half cupful of sugar (they
are good without sugar; some prefer
them without); add a little salt, stir in
graham flour until the mixture is quite
stiff. Heat and grease your gem pans
and bake in a hot oven. Sometimes I
mix the graham flour with wheat flour,
and find this makes a little change that
is pleasant.--Prairie Farmer.
-Apple Butter.-This is generally
made in large quantities. Boil down a
kettleful of cider to two-thirds the orig
inal quantity. Pare, core and slice the
apples, and put in as many as the cider
will just cover. loil slowly, stirring
often with a flat stick, and, when the
apples are tender to breaking, take
them out with a strainer. Put in a sec
ond supply of fruit and repeat the oper
ation. Pour all together into a large
tub, cover it, and let it stand for twelve
hours. Return it to the kettle and boil
the fruit down, stirring all the time,
till it attains the consistency of brown
soft soap. Spice or flavor to taste; keep
it in stone jars in a dry cool place. It
should last good right into the spring.
-Liverpool MeIcrcury.
THE WEDDING CAKE.
A. English Weomans Tells how to Malke
One of the tGenuine Kind.
"'You're wedding cakes," says an
English woman visiting here, "seem to
me very poor and plain. Ours are a
real sweet, you know. They are made
of three separate cakes of graduated
sizes, the first and largest often being as
large around-well, as the front wheel
of a baby's perambulator. Each cake
is composed, first of the fruit cake,
which is a solid baked mass of rich
fruits quite six inches deep; over this is
a deep layer of about three inches of
rich almond paste, and quite on the top
is two inches more of rich icing.
The three cakes are exactly the same
except in size around. They are placed
one on top of the other in pyramid
shape, with more icing and sugar orna
ments, cupids, flowers, and leaves car
ried in graceful design from top to
base.
At the wedding breakfast the bride
puts the knife into the top layer, which
is then carried to one side and sawed
into pieces by the servant, for it will be
hard. This is handed about among the
guests; the second tier is left with the
bride's mother, and the bottom cake is
sent untouched to the bride's home.
The fruit cake is often made as
much as three months before
hand, which gives its richness
time to permeate the loaf thoroughly.
The almond paste is to me the most de
licious part of the cake, and this you do
not have at alL"-St Louis Republic.
I'uture Vegeance.
"You'll be sorry for this sonime day!"
howled the son and heir as his father
released him from the position he had
occupied across the paternal knee.
"I'll be sorry? When?"
"When I get to be a man?"
"You will take revenge by whipping
your father when you are big and
strong and I am old and feeble, will
you, Tommy?"
"No, sir," blubbered Tommy, rub
bing himself, "but I'll spank your
grandchildren till they can't rest!"
Chicago Tribune.
Providentlal.
Teacher-Now, I have explained what
"providential" means, and I want some
of you to give me an illustration.
Bright Boy-Please, ma'am, I can.
"Very well, what is it?"
'The holes in a porous plaster."
"Hum! Vhy?"
"When you pull th' plaster off th'
holes don't hurt'."-Good N'ews.
Thle March or Intellect.
Father (rebukingly)-- hen I was a
little boy I never thought of asking
such questions
Tommy (the youngestl-Ah, but
papa, when you was a little boy I
wasn't born! -Funny Folks.
Horse sand Horse.
Barber (pausing in the midst of a
rique tale)-Shampoo, sir? Your head
is very dirty.
Victim-So is your mouth; shampoo
that.-National Tribune.
A Striking lllustratlon..
Jackson-f)o you believe in the theory
of a dual nature in man?
Faxon-Yes. Why, look at old Hen
nesseyl lie's not himseli to-night.
Puck.
IN THE EL QRIOAL WORLD.
-The sparks which in cold weather
fy from the fingers when a metallic ob.
ject is touched are due to the electricity
produced by the friction between the
soles of the shoes and the carpet. The
electricity is not formed in the body at
all and has nothing to do with the vital
processes.
-The students at Harvard university
have reorganized the Harvard electrio
club. Prominent electricians will ad
dress the club and members will read
papers before it. The club is not to be
a purely social organization, but its ob
ject is to promote knowledge of elec
tricity and kindred subjects
-A great sensation has been caused
in Jerusalem by the introduction of the
electric light into a new and flourish
ing flouring-mill lately started close to
the Damascus Gate. The Arabs and
Jews are much puzzled to account for
a light in a lamp in which there is no
oil, and gaze upon it with wonder.
-The experiment of electrically
lighting omnibuses in London has
proved so generally satisfactory that all
the vehicles of the two leading com
panies are to be so lighted. Two lamps
are used in each omnibus, the power
being supplied from a storage battery.
Portable electric lamps for the use of
the ticket in spectors are also in success
ful use.
-Incandescent lamps of a special
character are now being made for elec
tric railway lighting. These lamps are
designed so as not to break by vibra
tion. In the single loop form the fila
ment is anchored to the point of the
lamp, while in the spiral form the fila
ment is made in three close spirals
mounted on a long, heavy glass center,
giving great steadiness of filament.
-A new scheme of signaling for war
purposes, by flashing Morse signals
from incandescent lamps inclosed in a
balloon made of translucent material,
was exhibited to military experts in
London last week by the inventor, Eric
S Bruce. Incandescent lamps, it was
shown, could be used in the hydrogen
contents of a balloon with perfect
safety. The chief point claimed for the
device is that it secures an elevation be
yond the capacity of other means.
---Gen. T. T. Eckert, who is to sue
ceed the late Dr. Norvin Green as pres
ident of the Western Union Telegraph
Co., is a native of St. Clairsville, O.,
and sixty-eight years of age. He be
gan at the bottom of the telegraphic
ladder in 1849, had charge of the mili
tary telegraph at Washington during
the war, and upon the consolidation of
the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Co.
with the American Union in 1881 be
came general manager of the new con.
pany.
A snixizo light-Jupiter.-Trnth.
Cracrs performers a r co'nting on a back.
Ward spring.-N. O. Picayune.
To nHARow one's feelings is not the most
profitable way of cultivating an acquaint
ance.-Boston Transcript.
"I wisu snow wns what it IcAkslike," said
Abner. "If it was it would be cotton, and
then it wouldn't never melt."
HE HAn BErr THERE.-Ilis Honnr-"Do
you know tile nature of an oath?" WVitness
-"Yes-it's human nature."--Puck.
"DoCTon," said the medical student, "is a
blind man apt to be an, idiot.' "WVhy, no!
What makes y3ou ask that!" "The adage
says: 'Out of sight, out of mind.'"
THE Siamese twins were a fine illustra
tion of the spirit of that beautiful saying:
"Two hearts that beat as one."-Puclk.
LITTLE 81sTEn-"What does this book
mean by the 'mellow lays' of a bird?'' Lit
tle Brother--"Why, that's an egg without
any shell on, of course.'-'
THE bad practices of others give the law
yer his good one.-Truth.
Flourivo tooth and nail-the dentist and
the chiropcdist.
FRIENDS are like umbrellas-they are
never at hand when it rains.
"Wry do you go to the Dartmoor's ball,
Wallace? You can't dance." "No; but I
can eat."-Harper's Bazar.
"You never can tell Judkins anythinrg, he
-" "Isn't possible; his wife belongs to
three sewing societics."-Inter Ocean.
A PEPPER-AND-SALT suit ought to be al
ways "seasonable."
"I wisn I was :t monkey," said Chappie.
"Well-you've -ot your wish," returned
-Maude. -Hiarn': a Baser.
"German
Syrup"
Justice of the Peace, George Wil
kinson, of Lowville, Murray Co.,
Minn., makes a deposition concern
ing a severe cold. Listen to it. "In
the Spring of i888, through ex
posure I contracted a very severe
cold that settled on my lungs. This
was accompanied by excessive night
sweats. One bottle of Boschee's
German Syrup broke up the cold,
night sweats, and all and left me
in a good, healthy condition. I can
give German Syrup my mostearnest
commendation." o
Salvation Oil .SUit, a ,P-I.-"' .
SHILOH3
SCURE.
Cures consumption, Ceough, Croup, Bosre
Throist. Sold by sall Druggists on OGuarantee.
I AM 80 HAPPY!
Relieved me of a severe Blood trouble,
It has also caused my hair to grow out
inu as it had been falling out by the
han . After trying many physicianls
in vain, I am so happy to find a cure iP
S.S.S. O. H. ELBERT, Galveston, Te~.
S CURE s a and m i poisn a'well.
5 F"It is entirely vegetable and harmless.
S Treatie e- Blood snd Skin mailed free.
hwzrr Srzezuz Co., Atlanta, Gs.
We ofer One Hundred DoUars
for aso caseof Catarrh that man obe
by Hial's Cartarrh Care:
F. J. Cla~rm & Co., Pps., Toladq O.
We the undersalgnd. have now F. dr.
Choney for the last 1 years, an  beie
him perfectly honorable in all business
transacton and fnancially able to carry
out any obligation made by their firm.
Wast & TauAz. Wholesale Druggists To
ledo, O. WALDINro.- KStaxxA MaIvsw,
Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.
Hal's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,
acting directlyupon the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price ISo. per bot.
tie. Sold by all Druggists. Testimonials
free.
IT is better to say: '*This one thing Ideo"
than to say : "These forty things I dabble
in."-Washington Gladden.
Tna WVOItLD'S MAMMrOT HOTEL Is the 1.100
room. fireproof, summer hotel, the "GREAT
EsrasTE.' " t St. Lawrence Ave. and 60th
St., Chicago. two blocks from Midway Plai
sance World's Fair entrance and overlook
ing famous Washington Park. World's Fair
visitors can avoid annoyance and extortion
of sharks by engaging rooms now at $1.50 a
day, each person (European) by addressing
Copeland Townsend, Manager, (formerly
mirr. Palmer House), 4f Rookery Building,
Chicago, Ill.
WHEN a person considers himself as "one
in a thousand,'; he naturally regards the
others as ciphers.
Yoe Needn't Live In a Swamp
To have malarial trouble. It is as wide
spread as it insidious. But you do need Hoe
tetter's Stomach Bitters to get over it
soeedily and completely. Persistent use of
this professionally commended remedy and
preventive will floor it, though you have
tried other medicines in vain. Tackle it at
the outset. The same advice should be
taken in cases of dyspepsia, debility, liver
and kidney complaint, rheumatism and neu
ralgia.
WHEN some people go forth to bury their
prejudices they merely plant them.-Dallas
N ews.
Foa BRONCaIAL', ASTHMrATIC AND PUL.O
NARY COMPLAINTs, "Brow's Bronchialle
Troeche" have remarkable curative propor.
ties. $old only in boza.
TnEaTaIrCAL managers ipqy act as though
they want the earth, but iis really the stars
they are after.--Inter Ocean.
Do.'T Neglect a Cough. Take some Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar instater.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
SBon of the funny stories told about the
fireside are enough to make even the fire
roar.-Yonkers Statesman.
BEECHAM ' PILLS are not a new remedy.
They have been used in Europe for 50 years.
and are well tested and excellent.
OrnER garments influence a woman, but
it is her hat that domanates her.-Puek.
A "RUN DOW2N"
and "used-up" feeling is
the first warning that
your liver isn't doing
its work. And, with a
torpid liver and the
impure blood that fol
lows it, you're an easy
prey to all sorts of ail
ments.
That is the time to
- take Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. As
an appetizing restora
tive tonic, to repel disease and build up the
needed flesh and strength, there's nothing to
equal it. It rouses every organ into health
ful action, purifies and enriches the blood,
br-aces up the whole system, and restores
health and vigor.
For every disease caused by a disordered
liver or impuro blood, it is the only guiaran
tecd remedy. If it doesn't benefit or cure, in
every case, you have your money back.
$500 is offered, by the proprietors of
Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy, for an in
curable case of Catarrh. 'lhelr remedy
perfectly and permanently cures the
worst cases.
A Powerful
Flesh Maker.
A process that kills the
taste of cod-liver oil has
done good service-but
the process that both kills
the taste and effects par
tial digestion has done
much more.
Scott's Emulsion
stands alone in the field
of fat-foods. It is easy of
assimilation because part
ly digested before taken.
Scott's Emulsion checks Con
sumption and all other
wasting diseases.
Prepared r Scott & Rowe. Chemiste
NSew tori. Sold by druggists svsryweeh .
Home Necessities
"Papa's got on his new suit;
mamma and I bought it for him.
Papa says business's dull; couldn't
afford new clothes. Mamma didn't
like to see papa shabby., We know
lots of people; told them how much
we liked THE LAllES' HOME JOUR
NAL; that we would like to have them
take it too; most of 'em did; we
made thirty dollars; papa's got it
on; he feels awfully happy; so does
mamma; I guess Ido too. Mr. Curtis
will tell any girl how she can make
money."
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING CO,
PHILADELPHIA
TAll all homeno
SHomesuses
tNeed a cro of
r Home Nails
a carton of
I Home Tacks
tAll an.l.
TDealers ,o,
Sell all hon
Te CI uses
S"Shave your Sap
-so the soap makers say, es
L' Specially if your washing delicate
things. Now, in the name of
common sense, what's the
use? When you can get
Sý Pearline, in powder form
for this very reason, why
do you want to work over
soap, which, if it's good for
anything, gets very hard and difficult to cut.
Besides, Pearline is vastly better than any
powdered soap could be. It has all the good properties of
any soap-and many more, too. There's something in it
that does the work easily, but without harm-much more
easily than any other way yet known.
Peddlers and some unscruapulous grocers will tiell la
B ew are this is as good as" or the sme as Pearline." IT
FALSE-Pe Rv. is never peddled. if your sends
yot an imitation, be honest-rsrd il i. JAMES PYL w r
"Would you know w1,y with pleasure
Our faces so beam?
Our Servalts Our life
.ILe'er is a
grumble, dream.
CLAIRE LAUD
aIRL .1 SOAP
In the cause of our blisse
Ior all sorts of clearli rg
It ie'er. cones anlss.
MADE ONLY BY
N.KFAIRBANK & CO. ST. Louis.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED;
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
Sthe Boe., 3torest Tsttw, mTs ad n "mel-. Eurs
Swinlbs ina atr IoneS or lft
f~-sg insfs b matil ELY 8205.,5 Warren 8t, D4?.
OEICKEN-EATCHIEG BY STEAM.
*.. o oneý a ou.m -teBU-iý
UtIl & t o.. Ufra. QUA 7. 11 U.U.A.
WN*Zft ?3O VA1331 swsa* ms
$3.00 FOR ONLYv 50 Cs
Money must be sent during the Month of March.
TheHomle Magazine
OF WASHINGTON, D. C.
FOR ONE YEAR A.o ..
.b . White House Dining Room Chart,
Fancy Work Chart,
Prose and Poetry Chart,
Spring Dressmaking Chart,
,,,RConducted by u-. ON A.LOGAN. and Floral Chart
For Only Fifty Cents.
THE HOME MAGAZINE has a circulation of over 375,000 every
month. We want a million; hence our great offer.
OO THE HOME MIAGAZINE is handsomely illustrated by most skillful
artists. The Best Story-writers contribute to its columns, and every
% one at home will find something of Interest.
It contains interesting, pages for the Mother and Children ; all about
Flowers, the Dining Room, Fashions, Fancy Work, Sunday Reading
and many other home subjects.
Full Account of Washington Society.
Now, THE HONlE MAGAZINE for one year is only Fifty Cents,
but we make you the following liberal offer:
The White House Dining Room Chart Fancy Work Chart
New throughout from cover to cover: containing a Containing over 300 Illustrations of Plain and Orna.
Bill of Pare for every day in the whole year. No two mental Initials. Drawa Work, Netting, Embroidery,
like, and plain, practical directon for preplaring every Tatting. Patchwork. Misceaneousm Fancy Work and
dish from soup to dessert. Home Decoration.
The Home Magazine Poetry Spring Dress Making Chart Floral Chart
and Prose Chart Jot completed, with Designa a All about flowers and plat.
Especially adapted for electlans 1893. with what to wear and hew what to plant, when to plant and
Sor School Children. to ma it. ow to plant. Invalable to every
sever or nowers.
We have received over fifty thousand new send money o Postal Notes,
subscribers during February, and many thou- Money Orders. Express
sands more have written us asking how to send Orders. Checks or Slver,
tie money and to extend the time. Hence we T;rH BRODIX
extend this great offer during Marchi We will
send THE HOME MAGAZINE for one year, and PUBLISHiINO COMPANY
the five charts, for only FIFTY CENTS, if money
sla sent during March. Menation this paper. 600 Eleventh St., N. W
DON'T DELAY. Washington, D. C.
uPOINTS .andý IRON PUMPS~ ' :l
b- r en bcbaa A6rdeEYTS l. I  J*ET
WANTE1). GLEAO BAUZLEY AIEr. CO.. niw WORKE CIi.
WNXnA Tul pArEr aw..r u mm
Pi MliorDine 1 t Cured Is 10
to3lf 27 c i iml loobpow till cured.
D]I . J. STEPHEES, Lebaona, Ohio.
WMarH 2lNSSaU.. ol . waaOe.r
Is , noei tU 070'0
Unlike he Dutch Process
No Alkalies
-or
Other Chemicals
are aused la tle
preparation o
W. BAKER & CO.'S
rc aksCo: coa
mfr.psa lt e eesabte.
It4has mr aanahrtee tftt
of Cocoa mixed
fa M mrce ec.
e o urisitaig, sad E Ts
Bell b7 oterers everywhere.
W.AKaan Aoo..Dorchmbr .Earn,
-IRON
C AST IN8S OR
Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
XINOOsmPOATD 1601. Iemph, Teas.
No TRErs of first quality can ever be sent
by mail Meyhap you know it. By freight,
prepaid if preferred, we ship safely 4. 5 or
6 ft. trees; 2-year Roses of rare excellcUence
-everything! You actually pay less than
for the puny stuff. 1,000 acres Nurseries.
20,000 acres Orchards. Exact information
about trees and fruits. STAnS Btos., Louis
iana, Mu.
LADY AGENTS WANTED W0A . for
Pleasure and ProSt.'" Dedicated by permituion to
Mrs. Potter Palmer lady pro,,dent of World's
Fair Committee. isest boot on decoratlve and
fancy work eer publlshed. Rtupld tales. QuIte
new. DANKS & CO., N Dearborn et., Chicago. 111.
to Fr m ismlotoslr
aw N U parFI tweros t,.ina
r Comamptwes-.d. .ple .
o. N. K., SNPYDE . . 1« alD p.
MVetckexor r Theater. ChlcLýoa, Li.
MUST HAVE ah (Pat. 111.-ke b,.,a,,
for2e.Stamp. Immense. tUnrlvalled. Only good
oanever nveeted. inat.welghte. bile, unparalleled.
$15 " Pa. Wne,e.,kk. UtreaherdaLtI. C.. Phlaa.
se-tAses thsait !arm am thme aeSrtsm.
WILL ;s,- EV-4e E M.o Wo . °.i FLAGS
WANTED CONFIFPERATE hTAMI'S on Or(tInal
Enuvelopel.. 1. U. COliEN. Charlesto. I. C.
waaurtac rTlu in., eat yt.Ut5.
WANTED Travelang Sle.menl or hse ,,o ide
W line. iiMnTtUC lTfI(saI CO.. L..hbart, Va.
AMK Tils rI Arza.,r st. a.
ALESNEN WANTED. itst lowrcst salary required.
S&iahm with ·ip, C.eleLry lies.. C., kahmla.., mlt.
w'.ia555 VAWSII ..eairr.. u tea s
Ceamsmtiwem and pee p
who have weak lungs or Aeth.
ma. should use Plao'sCure Jl-w
Consulmption. It bara arae
otbusaau. It has not inlr
edone, it is not bad to take.
itis the beat cough syrup.
Sold everywhere. Bcc.
A. N. K., F. 1444
WUEN WRITING TO ADVERTIBERS PLEARM
state hast ye uanw the AdvertLaeinet Is tbis
napse.