THE LAFAYETT2GAZETT
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1894. NUMBER .
NUMA -BROIUSSARD,
CabieMaker and
Paurniture Repairer
OF ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banistbrs, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LAIAYE'fI'Ei, LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEEdWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near lank fIuUdlng.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All' work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guarantoeed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT- LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
.Lafayete, La.
I. IY. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA. b
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.AttlorneLs at I .1rw, q
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-AND DEALER IN
Rich Jewelry, Tatches, Diamonds, Eto
C:ejg's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA r
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE,
BAKER
Confectioner,
Ycrnillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
RAIILIOAID BARBER Si1OP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIlE "OLD lIELIABLE."j
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
H. L. flONNI ER,
-Dealer in
General
flerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEEDStable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
L A.WYER.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. 1Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
premo and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
OPELOUSAS, LA.
L>17 R.y, 3E-i:9 3
-AND
Sale Stable
E. COISTANTII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cuoe 1
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat
ment-and relief in the third period.
Deatneri~s and chronic diseases in gen
eral a spdi&alty.
-O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Puiblic
-ARb----
Justice of the Peace.
" refu' nd proftpt attention given to
ilteetioa ottl~at qeounts, notes ox
SSale and p.rcas-e of lands at
aE9
IN PASSINGO . p
Through balls whose arved panels hald
A host bf cherubim, poI
Up stairways wide I wandered on lam
Through curtained alcoves dimn nig
And ever as my footsteps came st
By alcovo, hall and stair, ha
A myriad mirrors started up
And caught my shadow ther rl
Sometimes my profile paled and sank a
A smile upon my lips
Sometimes a blur my features wets, pa
Swift darkening to colipse; tw
But following as these figures fled Th
Faint ghosts of grayish gleams- the
I walked beside, as one who walks
Companioned in his dreams. thi
Oh! winding years that round my path
Like mirrors flesh and pass.
Once, always, do you hold for me
The wraith within the glass; thI
Some night or day. some star or sun
(As what should say: ' -Beware! ")
Reveals in your dead seasons' flight
My shadow passing there.
-Ernest McoaGey, in N. Y. Independent . cec
wi
Sld cid t an
th
room, playing
wpoker with
cU
Serre adseated do
table in the warm
Spoker withll been
the post-trad- s
er and drink- b)
beer. The windows had all been in
thrown open to admit the night air, lii
which, from radiation, becomes Is
quickly freshened in dry climates, i
when skies are clear and the sun has pi
set, and bathes the thick-walled, re
adobe buildings, tempering them and ii
naking them habitable, and, if closed il
in the early morning, seem cloisters in
of coolness--welcome refuge, after ft
drill or duty dlone in the glare and
pitiless heat of day. No other mater- g
ial known to architecture so well re- b
sists the penetratting ardor of untem- h,
pered rays shed in southern summer it
by a cloudless sun; for adobe is of
mother earth, the grand cornservator m
of heat and cold, and, like her, makes it
stubborn resistance to changing tem- a
perature.
The walls of the building now
seemed hot and exhaled through the h
room the expiring heat of day. Stand
ing near them. hot air was breathed
on the face like the slow, warm
breath of a great animal sinking into s
silent sleep. The sun had set, and lc
the dimness of twilight was creeping 1
from the valley over the foot-hills ,
and rising in shadowy cones of monn- h
tain purple up the pine-clad slopes be- o
yond, spreading over forests that s
framed the base of frozen bastions, n
w- hose faded whiteness, seen in fail- a
ing light, was that of snows a sunset I
h bad left cold. The curtains and a
flanks of nature's grand redoubt were
no longer visible, for the fugitive
after-glow had faded into gray, and t
the sharp tracery of the divide was t
lost for want of light.
Through the open window we could
see the sentry-lamps, just lighted, bor
dering the rectangle of the bare
parade-steady, sultry, and yellow,
like the street-lamps of a foreign
town. Around each, as far as the illu
mination extended, lay a disk of yel
low where the white parade had taken
up the tone of light that fell upon it.
Certainly in each disk lay a circular
shadow, cast by the base of the lamp.
D On the side of the general bar-room a
Slight near the door of the traders'
store illuminated the compound as far
as the troop corral, where a stable
guard paced the gravel in his rounds
past the heavy gates, challenging and
admitting mounted parties returning
6 from duty or from pass.
It was shortly after dinner, and, be
ing yet warm, the game had not grown
hilarious. Davis, out post-surgeon,
es. had not joined in the play. That
ed. afternoon he had been shooting fool
quail on the mesquite flat up the Gila;
he was late at mess, so had missed the
arrival of the week's 'mail, this being
Friday; and, still in shooting-jacket.
was seated at the reading-table, look
ing over news contained in latest New
try York papers, now ten days old, and
i. opening his letters.
ias "I thought I heard firing toward
Mackay." David had walked across
the room and was standing near an
p open window. He spoke quietly to
the trader's clerk, still giving the
alert attention of one uncertain that
he has heard a sound.
Mlackay was an adobe villagead
joining the garrison, where soldiers
became intoxicated and were then
robbed, for the territorial laws were
getting severe and it was not wise to
A, rob men sober.
Several shots fired in quick succes
sion confirmed the doctor's opinion;
there was a pause in the poker game,
a shuAling back of chairs, and some
rs, one said: "'Remember, Jones, it was
ils your ante," as we joined the surgeon
mat- at the window.
sdi The shooting had ceased, and in the
t- village we could now hear the barking
aof dogs, the hurrying of feet, and the
t sound of an unshod hprse gallopi
over soft earth on the fat leading]'i
en to the post,- A moment latei:~-ti'
horse was -halted under the senta'
challenge at the corral, and a cowboy,
clad as on rodeo, came into the gen
eral bar and asked for the p~pt-air
geon, saying,-as Davis enteed.- .De,
they've ha4'd"scrap" at the awpony,
and need -'a÷nd un. derdilsi ' He
Sspoke withathe short, quitsj, reath o
one who hai hastened. -
t "T undertlking an wait," sa,4
o Dais; - "'but I'll g[9 down at on--.
ah ide around to tJi hospital and tell
the stearhed to bring my.- operatibg
oes. and banddiges to the Harmony.
' 'l walk; yte u m cn overtake me."
I accompanied Davis 4o therllage,
dIr 4stnIst tfes huudrea'dards a a'nd coi
I.btiq~lnslnWsof iuS.I~d ·
paved street lined with aeequfea, now
dry, but containing a few Lombardy
poplars whose pivotal leaves were too
languid to flutter, so still wtas the )
night air. There were ho lights in the i
streets, and in the most of houses they anc
had been extinguished as soon as the atri
firing began; the few thkt remained tab
shone through windows opened to Wd- has
mit the aittl tid fell in rectangular wh
patches on the bare adobe footpath be- ing
tween the buildings and the acequia. pul
These desultory illuminations made
the rest of the street seem dark,
though, from the splendid starlight, he
sturifleP bights ifi Arizona are never ex:
ieally so. me
We were guided to the Harmony by fac
the tramp of feet and the sound of i
voices at the lower end of the street, Do
and as we walked toward it and en- Vi,
tered.the darkened space which sue- tr
ceeded the illumination from a solitary al
window, we stumbled over what, on ex- da
amination, p-oved to be the body of a thi
man, lying where he had stumbled he
over the edge of the acequied in crossing sa
the street. We turned him over, and fom
Davis, on examination, found that he fa,
wat dead, being shot through the base of
of the neck. We left him lying where .
we found him and hurried on to the ini
Harmony, which, together with the ha
portion of the street directly in front the
of it, must, when we got there, have en
contained every inhabitant of the vil- co
lage, even to the last Chinaman and ol
i dog. 'PI
L- Davis forced his way through the fe'
e outer crowd that jammed the entrance au
" to the door; those recognizing his per- fa
son tried to fall back and admit him. fol
h I followed Davis, and finally found my- Br
self inside the Harmony-a bar, gam- th
* bling house and consert hall com- de
n bined, and consisting of a single, rg
n large, rectangular adobe room, dimly as
r lighted by a few dirty bracket reflector at
' lamps, whose sickly flames seemed ta
s" sinking for want of oxygen in the op- or
L1 pressive alcoholic air. The tarnished mi
1, reflectors were set level so that the tr
d limiting shadows from the base of the sy
lamps almost covered the floor, leav- oil
s ing the lower angles of the room in I H
'r feeble, uncertain half-light.
'd Lying quietly on a faro table was a w
r- gambler, shot through the lungs. The
C blood welled profusely from a bullet- so
" hole in his side and trickled into an pt
ir increasing pool, which was now over- of
spreading the "lay out" like a last al
r mocking, sanguinary wager, offered H
is ronically by one who had already so. e~
- cepted the terms of death. cc
To the left stood a rancher, leaning to
W against the bar, holding with his right la
10 hand his left forearm, which was bad- ti
d- ly shattered below the wrist. Ct
d In the dimly-lighted corner most re- ft
m mote from the door, seated on a piano- t.
to stool, was a young girl, sobbing vio- d
id lently, as if in pain or in great grief. a
ig In her despair, she had thrown herself a
is forward on to the piano and buried A
n- her fair but dissipated face in a mass c
e- of brown hair, drawn from nude t]
at shoulders it had served to drape, and b
s, now confined only by her white, bare o
arms, which rested on the white, bare s
et keys. Her physical abandonment was it
id as utter as her moral hopelessness a
re seemed complete. t
ye After stanching the hemorrhage of d
°d the man shot through the lungs, Davis i
as turned his attention to the girl. Lay- t
ing his hand gently on her bare shoul- f
ld der, which was trembling accompania- t
r ment to her violent, intermittent sobs, C
re Davis asked her where she was hurt. I
,' She sobbed in reply that she did not I
gn
In
el
lar
mrs' I ý1
,nd
ing
be -
Tn
hiat
>ol
la;
the
ing
t SHE LEANED HEAVII.LY ON THE PIANO.
vew know. Then hie made examination
rnd and found that she was not hurt, but
that a stray shot from the direction of
ard the gaming-table lad struck the key
0ss board of the piano, ripping up some of
an the keys beneath her fingers while she
to was playing. She was unnerved with
the fright, hysteria accompanying it.
hat Then the doctor bound up the ranch
er's shattered wrist, after removing
ad- some splintered fragments. The full
ers extent of the shooting now being
hen known and having been discussed, the
ere crowd began to thin away.
to When the surgeon's work was fin
ished, a venerable frontiersman, who
es- had greatly assisted Davis in dressing
ion; the wounded, spoke to the crowd that
me, still remained, saying, solemnly and
me slowly: "WTell, gentlemen, this 'ere
was scrap has taught me one thing!"
eon "What was that, Uncle Jerry?" asked
a chorus of bystanders.
the "Uncle Jerry" pulled himself up to
ring his full frontier height, and, after a
the pause long enough to prepare us for a
Siec oracular in patriarchal wisdom,
tWil "It taugh me, gentlemen, never
ry d to dai tw drink."
boy, iei~ wbeen watching the poker
ten- g d anjust after he had risen from
apr- hl t o and had started to the bar at
de, ' invitation to drink, the
my, 4 b and the bullet which
He ni f l in the piano-keys passed
I ot - ·hrpughY "this back of his then vacant
1 --A~:legal treatises and documents
tilg duraim.tle twelfth and two following
mny. cessiui i*& were written in a very stiff.
affected and undecipherable hand
agse, .eald "court hand." It was inten
sou'- tionslly illegible, that 'the knowledge
Iotaof l .e lawsalgbthbe kep froatthe com
~~,
A GREAT TIN FAKE. bin
_m..his
New theM 'e u lI  le otscts nraas
Blnce the veraiotloes $ Perkins via- v
ited those tin mines at larney Peak
and overtaxed his very elastie imagin- the
stion in a written desofiptloi of their
fabutouts Wealth, aearcely anything Tb.
has been heard Of them Until owoi car
When some rather ugly legal proceed=-' 1"t
ings brings them ones more before the mo
public; If our mentor, sesres ute, Eli
eiit to Itaney Peal Uas an agent of the
tjie Ameriioan Piotective Tariff leagdi; me
fe Was unable to make- a thorough
examination of the vast deposits of
metal because the tin lying on the sur- r
face over an area of about sixty square
miles, was so dazzling in the bright dui
Dakota sunlight that his power of the
vision was injuriously affected. H is
truth-telling faculties were not par. m
alyzed, however, for his report was as in
dazzling as the resplendent surface of otl
the great tin deposits had beeq when y
he gazed at them. If we recall accut
rately the substan1d of his report, he fo]
found that sixty per cent. of the sIr- so
face of the earth in the neighborhood r
of Harney Peak was pure tin. th
The Harney Peak Tin Mining, Mill
ing and Manufacturing company has gm
had a hard time of it trying to utilize
the vast deposits that hburst upon the
enraptured vision of Perkins. The go
company is ten years old, but it has
sold no tin in commercial quantities, to
There was a time, we think, when a th
few small bricks of metal were made t
and distributed as specimens or mann- mW
factured into campaign badges for the th
followers of Mr. Benjamin Harrison. 5u
- But no pile of tin bars was erected in ne
the Black hills in order that the presi
" dent and presidential candidate might fr
rgst one band on it. and, in that inter- tb
r esting attitude, make a few remarks
r about the beneficence of the McKinley th
I tariff. It was reserved for the English b
owners of the great San Jacinto tin
I mine in California to make such a con
5 tribution to the history of McKinley
S symbolism, but where is the San Ja
- cinto tin mine now? Where is the
i Harney Peak mine, for that matter? c
Where is the tin the dazzling sheen of S
a which almost blinded Mr. Eli Perkins?
e The San Jacinto mine is stored away k
somewhere with the Harrison cam
a paign banners and badges and torches o
of 1892, and for the latest information o
t about those marvelous deposits at
IHarney Peak we must refer our read- li
ers to the suit brought against the
company and the officers of it by cer- 8
g tain stockholders in England. The
t lawyer who represents these plaintiffs a
L- tersely describes the condition of the
concern, as it appears to him, in the
- following words: "Twenty millions
•. to its debit; a lot of unpro- d
r ducing and abondoned alleged p "
f. mining properties to its credit,
Lf and not one cent in its treasury.'"
d A very, interesting chapter of the f
as company's history may be disclosed by
Lt these proceedings. The plaintltfs, who p
.d have already procured the appointment
"e of a receiver, assert that $15,000,000 in
.e stock and 84,850,000 in bonds were
is issued upon mining properties valued t
ss at only $258,000. Other curious allega
tions are made on that side, and the
.f defendants tell an interesting story
is for their side of the ease. It is proba
ble that all the facts will come out be
i. fore we hear the last of the suit, and
a- that we shall know what has become
,s, of that principality of tin ore, sixty
.t. per cent. pure metal, that also blinded
ot poor Eli Perkins when he incautiously
!ooked at it.
The American people have a bone to
pick with the promoters of this com
pany, but they can more easily reach
the senators and representatives who
rivaled Perkins in their descriptions
of the richness of the Harney Peak
deposits, and the great political party
that, under the influence of these sen
ators and representatives, imposed
upon tin, the metal, a duty of fourcents
a pound. The arguments to which the
makers of the McKinley tariff yielded
when they loaded this duty upon the
raw material of many important indus
tries were those of certain legislators
who covered pages of the Congres
sional Record with stories of the fab
ulous wealth of the Harney Peak com
pany's mining claims. Some of them
even asserted that these deposits
would soon "supply the world" with
tin.
We have yet to discover how these
persons were induced to tell these
on stories and just what motives im
ýut pelled them. But every manufacturer
of who uses the metal knows what the
my effect has been. In the ten months
of ended on April 80 these manufac
the urers and the consumers of their
ith wares paid nearly $400,000 in duties for
the "protection" of the Harney Peak
ch- tin mines, so called. The sum would
ag have been much Jarger if a great quan
all tity of the metal had not been im
ng ported before July 1, 1898 (when the
he duty went into effect), in order that
the tax might be avoided. Our normal
8n- rate of consumption requires from 40,
rho 000,000 to 45,000,000 pounds qf the met
ing tal per annum, and this would involve
hat a tariff tax of from 81,600.000 to $1,800,
md 000, but the imports last year rose to
ere 81,000,000 pounds, for the reason just
given, so that about a six months' sup
ed ply was carried over. In the pending
tariff bill the metal is on the free list,
to from which it ought not to have been
r taken and where it would have re
Smained if Eli Perkins, the protective
S tariff league, and a little group of re
publican senators and representatives
ver had not demanded the imposition of a
duty for the protection OJ the Hsarney
icr- Peak company.-N. Y. Times.
ot FACTS PBOUT PROTECTION.
the Republican Farmers Duped by ceKinlery
ich Dunco-steerers.
sed The republican farmer has not suff
et clent intelligence to protect himself
Isco from the green-goods swindler and
bunco-steerer. No matter how care
fully the game is explained to him, no
nts matter how plain the swindle may be
ing made, as soon as t'ue steerer offers him
tif. a share in the plunder he believes
and everything the thief says and nothing
en- anm honest man may say to dissnade
dge him from buying. Unabole to judge of
em- anotives, -h1 blieves only those who
bluntly that he is a foal to part with A(
is money, the man who by no poe
sibility can benefit by the advice. he
gives, s regaarded as an enemy, eas
swindier', as man employed by enso
body to keep the famier from enjoying is
the benefits of the green-goods game. of
The only way the republican fasmert I
can be piotected from loss is the illegal Imp
one of punishing the bunco iden. The "eat
latter are working in the interests of ent
morality and good government, as well rela
as their own. TI'o benefit themselves Tih
they are engaged in finding out what tieo
men have saved up mnoney, With the ob- po
ject of swindling their neighbors by se
purchasing counterfeit bills. They steal tiri
from him this money to be used in we
crime, sending him a package of saw- In o
dust or green wall-paper in place of eae
the expected counterfeit money. The
republican farmer would use this Oh
money paid to the bunco man in buy- m
ing tools for a burglar in backing any mc
other safe-criminal operation as qnuick
ly as he would invest it in counter- hes
felts, and to deprive him of this money ue
for criminal purposes is a meritorious s
act, a publid service on the part of the an'
green-goods men. So far from closing hei
the mails to the green-goods mnen, the n.
government would be on the side of i t
morality if it encouraged them in se
every possible way, and it would not
go far afield itf it should even pay st
them for their work. It aids in every
other branch of the government to de
tect and punish criminals except in
this matter of finding out the men
who wish to purchase counterfeit
money. nut there are so many of
these republican farmers that it as
sumes all are willing to cheat their
neighbors, and it prefers to save them
from loss by arresting thpse who
would prevent their crime by stealing
their money. The federal courts pro
tect them from being swindled out of
the money they have saved for crime
by prosecuting those who would de
prive them of it.
The only way to "protect" the re
publican farmers from the protection
bunco steerers is to prosecute the lat
ter. It cannot be done by any appeal
to their own intelligence or common
sense. If they had the faintest spark
of intelligence to appeal to they would
know that they were lied to when they
were offered protection on wool, corn
or potatoes in exchange for protection c.
on iron, steel and cloth. But even p1
when they find outthat they have been *v
lied to, it makes not the slightest dif- it,
0 ference to them, provided the lie is: pr
something they want to believe. As el'
one republican farmer said not long ,
ago in the World: "I prefer to be lied i
to by a republican than to listen to the of
0 truth from a democrat." That is the 01
r kind of a man a republican is, and the It
democrats should not expect results c
from conversion. It is not enough to o
show. him the truth. He does not care: il
for that. If he did, he would not fc
swallow the contradictions of the re- ti
ty publican newspapers, in which there c
a0 is neither honor nor decency. The only i I
In way he can be protected from the pro- t
tection bunco-steerers is by punishing ti
them for false pretenses.-Tariff Mule, n
in N. Y. World.
a
Co OMMENTS OF THE PRESS. d
a
ry The alarm of republican organs cl
a for fear the passage of the income tax b
measure will work the defeat of the ii
democratic party is fast approaching P
e the intensity of hysteria. - Detroit P
ty Free Press.
-It is becoming more and more
ly evident every day that at the Denver
meeting'of the republican league they t
to made a football of Mr. Harrison's
C emergency and kicked it outof bounds. d
S-N. Y. V orld.
ho -McKinley carried the republican i,
ns convention at Denver. But Denver is i
ak too far west for the holding of the f
ty next national republican convention
-a- which will nominate a presidential
ed candidate.-St. Louis Republic.
Its -The Illinois democrats promul
he gated a solid truth when they con
ed demned republican partisanship for t
he prolonging the business depression by
is- fighting a reform of the tariff. On
re this proposition their platform says: t
es- "We condemn the contemptible parti- I
Lb- sanship which seeks to prolong for t
Dn- party advantage the period of finan- I
am cial depression."-Kansas City Times.
its -Vermont republicans let a whole
ith army of cats out of the political bag.
In their state platform they denounce
ase the democratic Wilson tariff bill be
se cause it "increases the tax on the poor
n- man's breakfast table." At the same i
rer time they say the bill "decreases the
bhe tariff on luxuries." And so the great
the tariff for the "protection of American
ac- labor" is, after all, a "tax on the poor
.eir man," according to Vermont republie
for ans.-N. Y. Post.
ak -The tariff bill has been sent to
Old conference after a vain attempt on the
an- part of the republicans to delay action.
m- The conferrees of the house are Wil
he son, McMillin, Turner and Montgom
hat ery, democrats, and Reed, Burrows
nal and Payne, republicans. This is a
', committee that is likely to insist on
et democratic principles against German
*e ized MceKinleyism. Chairman Wilson's
'5" ringing speech was full of both cour
to age and hope.-N. Y. World.
lust -If by any spiteful decree of fate
Up McKinley should be made president
ng and he should administer the saffairs
st of the nation as he has those of Ohio,
en the work of foreclosing a first mort
e- gage on the entire country would be
wie in progress by the time his term
re- was at an end. There is not enough
7* money in the Buckeye treasury to
to keep the administration in postage
ney stamps for political correspondence, to
say nothing of an indebtedness that is
chasing people out of the state.-De
troit Free Press.
ie -Is not the sentiment of the peo
pie of the United Stateasgrowing more
fi- and more favorable to lower dnties?
elf We think it is, and we know that opin
nd ion is held by many republicans of na
re- tional reputation. The peopleof this
no country expect the republican party to
be reform the tariff and to make the
him duties as low as possible. Had the
ves party done this after the election of
ing 1888 the ground woald have been eaut
ade from beneath the feet of the lemo
e of crats and they would have had no cain'
she paign amnmnition for the elcetdoie.
i...n lU99.-clncinmati Tribunues (
AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
I ENATOR BRICE TALKS. Lin
what Ohbes pememrate Leader Thhsak o h
the Read guestlea-Eeo om )s Tmand el
fi the IPabte Improved UHighways.
I The present widespread interest In the
improvement of the public highways indi- me
cates the tendency of the people of differ "Cl
cet comnmunities to become more closely
related both socially and commercially.
The first step in the direction of civilizae- iC
tion was the creation of means by which ma
products could be transported from one thi
section to another, and the degree of elv- AP]
flization attained in each part of the ,i
world since that time is clearly indicated o!
in the advancement made in methods foE
easy and quick communication. no'
Boon after its organization as a State
Ohio began to take rank with the fore- te
most commonwealths then comprising the tin
Federal Union, and I am happy to ob- de
I serve she has retained and strengthened an
her position among the first with each
succeeding year. Her rapid development pa
and ensuing prosperity was due to the
heroic and paiastaking efforts of her pio ha
neers, who in a few brief years turned a
w ilderness into one of the most favored no
sections on the face of the earth. At
The first of their efforts was the con- jot
struction of road;. Through the forests
pathways were formed, which later be
ma'
th
by
pr
ns
rth
/ s fe
RV
SpsesATOR CALVIN e, BRThE. oPtI o t
a came wagon roads, and subsequently the I,
a thpike of modern days. Where there were
a swamps the old-time "corduroy," with all
1- its bone-shaking features, answered the V
a dpurposes of the pioneers, who met obsta- et
a cles with plain and homely means, and iN
owithout the aid of any consulting engi- w
dneers. tl
The old settler will recall the condition 13
of that part of Ohio reaching from the
e middle and western portions to the lakes p
e It was a rich and fertile stretch of tand.
commonly known as the Black Swamp.
o owing to the softness of the soil. it was a
e ain this section that the early roadmakers
At found some of their most trying diflicul- t]
a- ties, but in the end they brought the b
. communities together by passabnle roads. g
It was the fact that the early settlers of Q
Ohio so speedily brought the several sec- is
o- tions of the State into easy communica
tion that caused it to rise so rapidly in 0
e, national importance.
Since those pioneer days much has been
done in the way of improvements, but not h
all that could be asked. The lighter vehi- g
as iles now in use facilitate transportation, c
ix but they are only useful where there are
te improved roads. With no other reason
ig presented, economy alone demands of the
it public improved highways.
In any enterprise of this sort the ques
re tion of expense is the leading feature. 5
The repair and maintenance of roads falls
largely upon the farmers. As a class
Y they have been willing contributors, be
1' cause their own interests have been so
La. deeply involved. The agricultural classes a
of late years have borne heavy burdens r
in in the way of thxes for local. state and %
is national purposes. There is, however, a
be future of promise. The recent political
sn revolution has called a halt upon adminis
al trative extravagance. Without partisan
lusibns or a disposition to lay the blame
, any special quarter it has been plain
that plethoric treasuries have stimulated
unnecessary expenditures. State legisla
or tures followed the example of open-hand
by ed Congresses, and the local officers of ]
En the municipalities, townships. and coun
fa: ties have kept up the pace set by the
ti- higher bodies. As under most systems of
or taxation the farmer paid the big end of
in- the hills. Now we have heard their le
mand for a reform, and it will be en
forced until relief from excessive taxation
will be secured. With national and state
taxes reduced there will be more for each
ice community to spend around home, which
be- is always a good place to put surplus
tor money. With the opportunity thus pre
me sented to improve the roadways without
he any increase in the present tax rate. I
sat think the advantage will be seized upon.
a In good roads lies the prosperity of any
agricultural country, and the better they
are the more is saved in time, labor and
e- money.-Senator Calvin S. Brice, in Good
Roads.
,he Right of the Road.
on. The owners of bicycles and traction
fil- engines have the same right to use
tm- them on the public highways as they
w have to use othec conveyances. Trav
a eler on highways must turn to the
on right and give half of the road to any
an- one they may meet, whether he is rid
n's ing a bicycle or driving in a coach.
ur- Where a person is riding a bicycle
there may not be any occasion to give
at him half the road. but if the driver of
ant any conveyance should fail to do so
Lirs and an accident should result from
io, such failure he would be liable for
art- the damages caused thereby. 1Vltile
be the owner of a traction engine has the
am right to use it on the highway he must
agh use care not to .frighten horses being
to driven along such highway. The care
age required of the person using such
,to means of conveyance would be greater
,t is than that required of a person driving
De- homers.
Tahe orseiaux Miature.
S The Bordeaux mixture originated i
es? hrance. It is the refause dye matter
pin- and was Srst used by a fruit grower
na near Bordeaux to reader his fine trees
this untempting that his neighbors might
to loose all desire to steal his fruit. It
the was eson n~tieed that the quality and
the quntity of the latter improved and
lof investattiaon followed. lTlhe mixture
cut has stood fha test of time and is ]arge
mo ly used by all trrit growers. having
_ even mde a I headway in England.
, g where a indice -gamninst all
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
-A man there was Sad they ealed!
him mad; the more la gave, the BmE S~
he hsd.-Banyana.
-The country home of Margot
Tennant (now Mrs. Asquith), and her
sisters used to be known ma-ag the -
men who were entertained there as
"Chateau Margot." The young ladies
exceled in walking on stilts.
-When Earl Ferras had been con
victed of murder, great efforts were
made to obtain a pardon, on the groufnd
that he was insane. His mother being
applied to, and requested to write a
strong letter on the subject, answered: -
"Well, but if I do, how am I to marry
off my daughters."
-The engagement of M. Ernest Car
not, the second son of the assassinated
French president,to Mlle. Chiris,d.ugh
ter of the senator of. the Alpes-Mart
times department, is announced. Presi
dent Carnot had two other sons, Sadi,
an officer of infantry, and Francois, a
pupil engineer in the Ecole Centrale, at
Paris.
-In Kansas there is a woman whe
has a forty-three-year record in news
paper work, and she is only fifty-fie
now. She is Mrs. N. E. Bronston, of
Atchison. She began her extended
journalistic career in her father's office
in Newport, Ky., and since then has
been connected with half a dozen Kan
ass papers.
-Rider Haggard has been suggesting
that journalism ought to be controled
by regulations modeled on those which
govern the clerical, legal and medical
professions. Before becoming a jour
nalist a man ought to subscribe tc
thirty-nine or more articles and pass
an examination. In the meantime a
few journalists might be made, while
a lot of good newspaper men would be
starving to death.
-Mrs. Zulme E. Hearsey, of Baton
Rouge. La., is one of the most suecess
ful business women in the state. After
the close of the war, her husband be
ing an invalid, Mrs.Hearsey opened a
large book-store, which at once sprung
into popular favor, and to-day is the
recognized headquarters for all stand
ard publications, as well as the
rendezvous of all book-lovers and lit
terateurs. She employs a force of
thirty newsboys. She also manages a
e large floriculture trade.
11 -Rev. John Jasper, of Richmond,
a Va.; the most noted of all slave preach
a- ers, is now over eighty years old, and
4 believes as firmly as he did in 1878,
:1- when his famous sermon was preached.
that "The Sun Do Move." He recent
fn ly gave an outline of that celebrated
1e discourse, which, he says, was com
posed in order to set at rest some
doubts which had arisen in the mind of
* a young member of his flock.
re -The royalties of Europe patronize
11- the bicycle with as much energy as the
le boys of America. The king of the Bel
s. gians exercises upon one daily, little
Queen Wilhelmina rides one when she
e- is at her castle of Het Loo, and the
i czarowitz, Princes Waldemar and Carl
of Denmark and Princes George and
en Nicolas of Greece are all cyclists. The
ot bicycle of the khedive of Egypt is a
hi- gorgeous machine, almost completely
on, covered with silver plating.-Harper's
re Bazar.
he HUMOROUS.
a- -Uncle-"Well, Walter, I suppose
re. you are pretty busy now?" Walter
ls .'No, not very. You see vacation hasn't
begun yet."-Inter Ocean.
eO -Edith--"I am so glad, papa, that
, auntie gave me a prayer book for all
ns my own, so now I can say my prayers
dl without costing a single cent."-New
a port Daily News.
al -Lawyer--"It is true that my client
Ls- called the plaintiff an ox: but con
an sidering the present high price of beef,
me I do not consider that a very great in
red sult."-Fliegende Blatter.
Ia- -"Whur ye bin?" said Meandering
id- Mike. "Lookin' fur work," replied
of Plodding Pete. "`Vell, you wanter
un- look out. Yer idle curiosity'll be the
he ruination of ye, yit. "-Washington Star.
o "f Do you believe in woman's rights?"
ge- she asked the shoe-dealer. "You bet I
en- do!" was the reply. "And in woman's
ion lefts, too; and I've got 'em for two dol
ate lars and fifty cents a pair. "-Browning,
ich King & Co.'s Monthly.
ich -Berkeley Place-"Hard luck. Qld
lus man. On what grounds did Miss Hites
reject you?" Jack Hillman (absently)
- -"Why it was on the Crescent club
on. grounds at Bay Ridge last Saturday."
any -Brooklyn Life.
hey -He (having nothing better to say)
and "Do you approve of short courtships?"
cod She-"Yes; but not too short. I have
only known you a week-but, after all,
what does it matter? Speak to mother,
ion and I guess it will be all right."-N. Y.
nse Press
hey -"Talk about lawyers," said the en
av- thusiastic man. "there are mighty few
the of them can hold a candle to old man
ny- Greathead. Why, that man has legal
rid knowledge by the barrel." "By the
ch. barrel?" exclaimed the cheerful idiot
cle "I always thought he sold it by the
ive case."-Indianapolis Journal.
of -Country Livag.-"The country's
so all right," said the housewife from the
rom city, who had been used to ice boxes.
for cool cellars and that sort, "but you ,
tile can't keep anything." "You can keep
the warm, can't you?" inquired the a..
ust who hadn'tany summer residence rp '
ing erty for sale.-Detroit Free Preea . s. '
care -Hicks-"I won ten dolre of Khrl.'
ch on a bet that the Eccntrice Rod e :i
ater print a colnmn article CE my cripEM
ring tion." Wicks-"You don't mean
that the Ecentric Rod aetalby
ed it?" Hicks-"Yes; you see I
i i the precaution to nuse up the whole *l.
tter amn in praise of its Sunday edition."-.
wer Boston Transcript.
rees -When the train made its t ,t
ight Iafter leaving hom- Mr.
It had been in a brown a
and minutes, raised his ea,
and troubled look in them,
ture "My dear, are yon amew1 -
Lrge- gotten anythnget?" "ot
wing haven't," responded the