7. -7
. TE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., ATURDAY, JULY 22, 1893. NUMBER 20.
•1 •1 O1 11 1 1 1 I I I IIII
FARMER TIPTON'% NIECE.
Her Unexpected Visit Brought
About Two Happy Marrlagee.
"I don't like girls!" said Farmer Tip
ton.
His housekeeper made no answer.
"In fact," added Mr. Tipton, "I hate
'em!"
Still Mrs.-Martin did notreply.
"But what can I do about it?" he re
sumed. "If I'd had twenty-four hours'
notice, I would have gone over to
Cherry mountain or across to Dunham
fair," growled Mr. Tipton; "but here
comes this letter like a stroke of light
ning, to tell me the girl will be here to
night!"
Mrs. Martin smiled a little and went
on with her work, thl picking over of
black beans to make soup; for Farmer
Tipton was particular in his eating,
and although Hester, the maid-of-all
work, was skillful in the use of pots
and pans, he never could relish any
thing which was not of-Mrs. Martin's
cooking.
"I suppose you'll have to get a room
ready for her," said Mr. Tipton. "She'll
have to say all night in any event. But
I shall send her back again to-morrow
morning. I don't want a niece to live
with us. If I had wanted anything of
the sort, I could have asked for it, I
auppose.."
Mr. Tipton lived in a pretty old farm
house, steep-roofed and shadowed by
monster .button-ball boughs-a house
where Tiptons innumerable had been
born and died, where every stone wall
had its associations and the very apple
trees and gooseberry bushes were de
clining into an honorable old age, with
lichen-covered stems and crispy, dead
boughs breaking away with every wind.
It is, perhaps, unnecessary to add that
he was an old bachelor, as full of whims
and caprices as ever old bachelor was.
Nobody, said the neighbors, could get
along with him but Stella Martin; and
she couldn't if it had not been that she
and Thomas Tipton had been boy and
girl together, and, somehow, were used
to each other, in the days before Stella
married that wild, reckless young Mar
tin, who spent her money and broke
her heart in such short order, and then
shot himself in a gambling saloon.
Such a merry, laughing gypsy as she
used to be, and now
"Why," cried the neighbors. "she
don't speak to nobody!"
It was lovely old. place. Hollyhocks
clustered in the garden, tangles of vel
vet red sweet-williams bordered the
path and bushes of dark southernwood
hung over the door steps. To Mr. Tip
ton it was the dearest spot in the world.
Mrs. Martin used to bring the family
mending out into the porch, sometimes,
of a summer evening, and look wistful
ly at the red sunset shining through the
trunks of the cedar trees. But what
ever her impressions might have been,
she kept them to herself.
If Mr. Tipton did not like the idea of
a young girl visitor beneath the ancient
roof of Tipton Ial], Phebe Cresshill
liked it still less.
"You can send-me out into the wilder
nesses as much as you like," said
Phebe, crying a whole river Ganges of
tears into her tunlc, as she threw slip
pers, collars, cologne bottles and work
baskets, an incongruous mass, into its
depths; "but I never, never shall leave
off caring for, Harry! Not if you were
to send me to Alaska!"
"Child," said Mrs. Cresshill, sharply,
"don't be a goose! The engagement is
to be broken off, and there is an end of
the whole'thing!"
Through her tears Phebe could not
but smile to herself. It was all very
well for mamma to talk. but mar ma
did not know that the baker's boy had
carried at the bottom of the basket of
rolls a note to Harry ihavens, and that
llarry knew, as well as she dlid herself,
that she wv.,s going to a crabbed old
uncle down in New Hampshire, and
that she should always, always love
him, no matter what they said to her
or whither they sent her.
And so, in the peaceful purple after
glow of the June evening, Phebe Cress
hill and Mr. Tipton eyed each other
with mutual disfavor.
"How do you do, uncle?" said Phebe,
with a stiff little courtesy.
"Oh!" said Mr. Tipton. "This is the
girl, is it? Yes. How do you do? Mrs.
Martin, here, will give you some sup
per."
And he went off to make sure that
the barn doors were properly locked
and the hen house secured, for there
was a rumor of burglars in Quiet Val
ley, and Mr. Tipton had the finest Al
derney cows and the choicest breed of
Brahma fowls in the neighborhood.
"It stands to reason," said he, "that
they'll come first to me. And I don't
mean to be taken unawares."
Mrs. Martin poured the fragzent tea
and served the hot, buttered biscuit and
honey in the comb. Phebe choked back
the tears that would come and tried to
eat something.
"Will you go to your room now?" said
Mrs. Martin.
"Yes, please!" faltered Phebe.
It was a spaeious, low-ceiled room,
lull of the sweet scent of dried laven
der, and furnished with shining cherry
wood presses and high-backed chairs.
"I hope you will rest well," said Mr.
Martin.
"Thank you," said Phebe.
Mr. Tipton was hanging up his lan
tern in the back kitchen, when Mrs.
Martin came downstairs.
"Well," said he, "did you tell her she
mnust go home to-morrow?"
"No, I did not"
"Humphi" said Mr. Tipton. "You
might as well."
As Mr. Tipton lay asleep that night
he dreamed that he was a boy again at
an old-fathioied husking-bee; that the
corn was all husked and the barn floor
cleared off, and that he and Stella--not
pale, silent Mrs. Martin, but the gold
haired, laughing Stella of twenty years
ago--were going down the long links of
the Virginia reel to the mad music of
* "Rory O'More".
Hie sat up in bed and rubbed his eyes.
Was it real music or a dream? Or was
itb
"Burglars! Burglarsl" squeaked
liBate., b~rin at h14 door, "Please,
Mr. Tipton, get your gun! ne's under
the window! I seen him with my own
eyest With all his burglaring tools on
his arm!"
In an instant, as it seemed, Mr. Tip
ton was creeping along under the
shadow of the white-blossomed. syringa
bushes, with his carbine on his shoul
der. The moon, a pallid, gibbous line
of light, blinked down through the
boughs of the button-ball tree. A dis
tant owl hooted from the swamps, as
Mr. Tipton made a plunge at his prey.
"Scoundrel, I've got you!" he roared.
"Villain, unhand me!" thundered a
deep bass voice.
A brisk scuffle ensued, during which
the old carbine went off, discharging
its contents-a sudden gleam of flame
and smoke-into the leaves of the but
ton-ball tree. Mrs. Martin, who had
rushed into Phebe's room, flung her
arms around the girl
"Don't be frightened, dear!" said she.
"Oh, I'm not frightened!" said Phebe,
who had lighted a candle, and now
looked very Juliet-like, in a long dress
ing gown, with her yellow hair flowing
luxuriantly down her back. "I knew he
would come."
" 'Knew he would come?' " repeated
Mrs. Martin. "The-burglar!"
"Oh, it isn't a burglar," murmured
Phebe. "It's Harry!"
" 'Harry?' "
"My Hlarry!" said Phebe, turning a
soft pink to the very roots of her hair.
"They thought they would part us, but
they can't! lie has followed me, and
has been serenading me under the win
dowl Didn't you hear the banjo?"
"Goodness me!" said Mrs. Martin.
"And," vehemently added Phebe,
"I'll be true to him, for ever and ever!"
But the colloquy was presently inter
rupted by a sound in the hall below, as
of some heavy body tumbling over and
over with ceaseless persistence. Both
women fled to the door and peeped
nervously over the stair-rail, while lies
ter, from behind the mahogany linen
press, shrieked: "Murder! Help! Mur
der!" without a second of intermission.
"Here's the villain!" shouted Mr. Tip
ton, rolling over and over like a cider*
barreL
"I've got him!" roared the bass voice
of Phebe's Harry.
"The underhand miscreant!" foamed
the farmer.
"Madder than a March hare!" uttered
Harry, at last succeeding in scrambling
to his feet. "Look here, old gen tleman,
what does all this mean! If you are a
burglar, say so! I am not!"
"Hanrry," chirped Phebe, "be merci
ful, as you are strong. For my sake,
harm not my uncle!"
But Hester, charging into the affray
with a pair of tongs, soon changed the
aspect of affairs. Explanations ensued
-rage changed into laughter - and
Mrs. Martin went upstairs to prepare a
quaint apartment, commonly known
as the oak room, for the reception of
the troubadour who had so nearly bees
shot for a burglar.
"And, look here, young man," said
Mr. Tipton, "the next time you come
prowling around a house at one a. m.
come to the front door instead of the
wing window. What the dickenus! I'm
neither a jailer nor an ogr'e! If my nieco
wants to marry a man and the man can
prove himself able to support a wife, I
should not stand in the way!"
"Uncle," lisped Phebe, "you are a
darling!"
"Give me a kiss, my girl," said Mr.
Tipton. "I declare, I didn't know how
pretty you were. untzl now!"
Mrs. Martin, always an early riser.
came down at five o'clock in the sweet
June morning, when the blackbirds
were whistling and the cabbage roses
were weighed down with dew. But,
early as she was, Mr. Tipton had come
down before her and stood on the door
step, with his hands in his pockets.
"Well, Stella," said he, chuckling,
"who would have thought of our hay
ing an adventure in the old place?"
Mrs. Martin smiled.
"What,.are you doing?" said Mr. Tip
ton, turning rather abruptly around.
"I am scalding meal for the young
turkeys."
"Well, leave it off a minute, and talk.
I say, Stella?"
"Yes?"
She looked at him with her large,
wine-brown eyes full of serious ques
tioning.
"All this sort of thing makes one
think of one's own young days, eh?"
There was the least quiver of a sad
smile around her lips.
"The days, Stella. when I used to be
fond of you. lefore we quarreled.
Before Wilfred Martin crossed your
path!"
Still Mrs. Martin did not stir. There
was something in that reposeful man
ner of hers that fitted in wonderfully
to his ideas of life. lie hated a flurry.
Mrs. Martin never-was in a flurry.
"I am fond of you still," went on Mr.
Tipton. "This little love affair in our
midst has wakened me up; 1 don't
know how, and I don't care. Is it too
late, Stella, to begin life over again,
you and I?"
She went up to him, with her slow,
graceful step, and put her hand in his.
Still she did not speak. She only
looked and smiled. But he understood
her.
"God bless you, Stella," said he.
Mrs. Cresshill, of To. - East For
tieth street, was highly scandalized
when the letter from Tipton Hall came.
"A pretty state of things," said she.
"To think that Harry Havens has fol
lowed that girl straight into the New
Hampshire wilds and married her! And
with her uncle's consent into the bar
gain!"
"That's not the worst of it," dryly re
marked her husband. "Your brother
Tipton has got married, tool And
there's an end of your expectations
from that branch of the family."
Mrs. Cresshill wrung her hands, but
what mattered idle tears? What was
done could not be undone, and Cupid,
as all the world known, cares nothing
for sequin-s.-Amy Randolph, in N. Y.
Ledger.
-"That's a queer fancy of Smith's. i
putting six gates in his front fence."
"Jernalem, madl Don't you know he
has haf . dosen daughters, and all of
thbmm .naed."-Inter Ooean
THE LAW OF THE PLAINS.
Thrlling Account of a Duel to the Death
with Knives Fought by the Moon's Light.
"The outfit of twelve wagons had
stopped at a point on the Rio Pecos
river about seven miles above the town
of Anton Chico. We had supper and
were smoking our pipes, and it was be
tween sunset and dark when a young
fellow about twenty years old came
riding up from the direction of the Co
manche country. He was dressed like
a cowboy, and what few words he spoke
were in good English. He rode up to a
camp-fire around which five or six of
us were sitting, and after a 'Good even
ing' to all dismounted and let his gaze
wander from man to man.
"Teamster No. 5 was a Mexican half
breed known as Big Pete. lie gave a
star' of surprise as the stranger rode
up, and I heard him cursing and mut
terirng to himself. By and by the boy
fixed his gaze on Pete and kept it there
for a long half minute. There was a
sort of smile on his face which made
one think of the look of a wolf who has
pursued his victim for hours and hours
and wls finally near enough to seize it.
" 'Rifle, pistol or knife?' he queried
of Petein a low, even voice.
"The big fellow looked around un
easily. He was no coward, as we all
knew, but the ,sudden appearance of
the boy had rattled him for a moment.
A fall moon was coming up, and there
would be light enough for firearms.
lie was a good shot, but that lbng,
sha knife was his favorite weapon.
Best es, he was a giant compared to
that -lender but active-looking youth.
" 'The knife, and I will give you one
minute to say your prayers!' shouted
Pete as he sprang up.
"'Very well; just as you please,'
quietly replied the young man, as he
untridled his horse and sent him away.
"Not a word was spoken by any of
the rest of us. We all rose up, but
made no other move. Not a question
was asked of either man. It was the
lawof the plains. One man had the
righ.t to demand satisfaction of
another by rifle, revolver or knife.
As io the cause of the quarrel, why
should we ask or care? Pete removed
his blelt and jacket and sombrero and
tied a handkerchief around his head.
The stranger remove d the belt in
which he carried a couple of revolvers,
threw aside his sombrero, and walked
off to a distance of fifty feet. Pete
followed. Every man in camp formed
a drcle about the pair. The moon
male everything as plain as daylight.
The horses and mules were all to the
right of us. So far as all could see
every one stopped feeding and gazed
steadfastly at the circle.
" 'Ready!'
"It was the stranger who called out,
and at the wor:l both moved into the
center of the ring and menaced each
other. A fight to the death with knives
is a horrible thing to look at, and yet
there is a magnetism about it which
forces you to stand and look till the
end comes. Boxers move about-feint
-advance-retreat-rush at each other
and grapple. So it is with men who
fight with knives. Back and forth
across the circle-round and round it
their knives now and then clashing to
gether. and it was ten long minutes
before blood was drawn. With the first
drop came death.
"No man called out. No man in the
circle moved out of his tracks. Some
of the horses came nearer and whinnied
softly, as if asking what it was all
abous, but this we remember after
ward Big Pete was working to make
his &reat strength bring him an ad
vantage. If he could seize that boy's
right arm with his left hand and hold
it for five seconds the duel would
be ended. Thrice he attempted it
and thrice he failed. Suddenly
the boy found the opening he had
been seeking. So swiftly that none of
us could follow him he sprang forward
nader the uplifted right arm. there was
the flash of a knife, and Big Pete ut
tered a groan and sank down.
" 'You are witnesses that it was a fair
fight,' said the stranger as he bent over
Pete and looked around the circle.
"It was fair. but no man answered.
He called his horse by a low whistle,
slipped on the bridle. anfi half a min
ate later was cantering away to the
east. lig Pete had wronged him.
'the law of the land would not give
him satisfaction. The law of the plains
lad avenged him. A grave beside the
Pecos-a guess or two at the stranger's
:dentity-and that was all."--Chicago
Times.
PRECIOUS JEWELS.
One of the Most Serviceable and Popular
Stones Is the Turquoise.
There are few gems more commonly
teen in jewelry than the lovely blue
turquoise. Its beauty, its service, its
pleasing contrast with gold. all explain
why it is so much preferred to other
erdinary stones.
r Only a few exceptionally fine speci
mens of the stone rank with the "rich
and rare gems." nMuch and widely as
the turquoise is used for personal adorn
ment, the supply has for some time
considerably exceeded the demand, ex
cept for fine stones of an uncommon
size. But, as is the case with all pre
cious stones, unusually large pieces of
this stone, when of good quality, are
-agerly sought after and have a very
high value.
The turquoise has been used as a gem
from a very remote period, as it is most
plentifully found along the shores of
the Caspian sea, within the space be
lieved by many to have been the cradle
of the human race.
It is asserted by historians that the
ancient Grecians used it' in almost all
the finest and most delicate of their
work in gold. Want of certainty about
the name by which this stone was
known in ancient times prevents our
being able to tell what mystic virtues
were attached to it, but in the middle
ages it was supposed to have wonderful
qualities. Indeed, it was credited with
many supernatural virtues.
The wearer of a turquoise had his
strength increased and his sight pro
longed. It he happened to have a se
rious fall the consequences were avert
ed from him by the cracking and sub
meuennt crumbling of the gem, and is
ease of his illness at any time his tur
quoise became paler and paler a nd if
its possessor died lost its color entirely,
but recovered again on passing in to the
hands of a new owner. Other preclous
gems seem of late years to have lost all
claim to the former muarvelous po-wers
ascribed to them, but the turquoise
still retains one of its mysterious prop
erties, and parades it to the present
day.
Sometimes slowly, sometimes sud
denly, it turns pale, becomes spotted
and finally changes from blue to white,
and specimens of this kind are rare and
valuable.
Turquoises are found in Thibet. China
and Mount Sinai, but the handsomest
ones for jewelers' purposes come from
Persian mines. They are found im
bedded in masses of rock and the mines
are more than one hundred and fifty
feet deep, and many laborers are em
ployed in them, the oldest of whom buy
the gems and sell them in turn to trav
elers and merchants. Other men buy
the rough stones and polish them be
fore selling. These, of course, com
mand high prices.
The stones are divided into three
classes-first, second and third quali
ties. All stones of perfect color and
shape belong to the first class, but a
tiny speck of green, which only a con
noisseur can detect, will consign a hand
some stone to second-class matter.
Then there is thpt undefinable proper
ty of a good turquoise, like the water
of a diamond or the luster of a pearl.
In a turquoise it is called "zat." A fine
colored turquoise without the "zat" is
not worth much. Among the 'finest
jewels of the shah there is a fine tur
quoise valued at four thousand dollars.
The third-class stones are those with
decided flaws and unsalable in Persia.
The small prices offered for such there
are more than doubled by the time
they reach Europe. They are cut by
hand and polished on a fine-grained
sandstone, and then on a piece of soft
leather with turquoise dust. It is quite
the fashionable stone of the present
day, and when set with diamonds no
gem can equal it in beauty. An ultra
society woman is not happy -until she
is the possessor of such a jewel.-Cin
cinnati Star-Sayings.
THE WOMAN OF MANY ILLS.
A Female Bore WWho Recounts Her All
ments to Everyone She Mleets.
"Of course you know at clast one of
her kind. I refer to the woman of
many ills, either imaginary or other
wise, that she insists upon recounting
to every person who unfortunately
comes within ear-shot. She is the feeble
creature who one day has heart disease,
the next is seized with inflammatory
rheumatism, and on the third is quito
certain that she is suffering from some
incurable malady that is sapping her
life away. With a ghoulish glee she
dwells on her various symptoms and
the rapid progress toward the grave
that she is hourly making. She lingers
over all the harrowing details. and is
very much put out if you do
not appear to enjoy the tenor of
her conversation. She dotes on
medical works and reads with
avidity of every known ailment that
has ever visited the frame of humani
ty. If a new disease is mentioned in
the papers, before twenty hours have
passed over her head she imagines her
self the victim of the latest malady
and is quite hurt if anyone else of her
acquaintances should dare to be more
seriously ill than herself. Notwith
standing the fact that she is tottering
on the brink of the grave, she is able
to eat her three meals a day with aston
ishing relish, and if there is anything
on hand of especial interest she forgets
for the time being what an invalid she
is and appears to enjoy the amusements
of the healthy with as much zest as do
those mortals who can not confess to
an ache or a pain. In fact. she is an
all-around humbug who bores every
one but the doctors and the chemists,
and for them she is a never-ending
source of profit, though at times she
must be a bit wearisome even to them."
-Philadelphia Times.
A Bavarian Rallroad Device.
An automatic device for locating and
clearly marking track defects is now
in use on the Biavarian state railways.
The principle of the apparatus is based
on the fact that every low point or
other similar defect in a line of track
causes a shock of greater or less in
tensity in a car passing over it. The
arrangement of the apparatus in the
inspection car is such that if the shock
exceeds a certain degree of intensity a
squirting device is brought into opera
tion. from which either a red or blue
liquid is squirted over the roadbed,
making stripes from one foot to seven
feet long and about two inches wide.
The track sections requiring attention
are thus very plainly marked. The
apparatus, it is claimed, will locate de
fects which can not ordinarily be de
tected by the track walker and will
afford evidence of imperfections in the
roadbed long before these will show
themselves by such signs as battered
rail ends at joints, etc.-Philadelphia
Record.
The Indlan Hornbill.
A hornbill is something like a big
magpie in all its sly tricks and ways.
It catches a little ball of food, if throwvn
to it, with a sharpness and precision
worthy of acricketer. On one occasion,
when Mrs. Hornbill had made herself a
nest in a hollow in the trunk of the tree
in their house and deposited her eggs
in it, Mr. Hornbill came and plastered
up the opening with mud, leaving only
a space sufficient for him to insert his
bill and feed the female and the nest
iings. He feeds them in a very affec
tionate manner, by throwing up from
his own stomach pellets of food, envel
oped, something like a sausage in "giz
zard sacs" formed of portions of the in
ter lor lining of his own stomach. This
is perhaps more curious than nice.
lodgmgan's Magazine.
That's WVly.
lHarkins (to tle Waiter)-Would you
mind telling me just why this is called
spring chicken?
Waiter--'Case dat am its name, sah.-
Truthl
EPIDEMIC SMALLPOX.
England's Laxness In Regard to Vaeella
tlon Laws a Chief Raores of Evll.
It is a singular fact that epidemiec
have a sort of periodicity. After ia
outbreak and extensive spread, a dis
ease generally disappears for a term of
years, for while it remains here and
there endemic, it shows no tendency to
become epidemic. Then at length it
starts afresh, and sweeps from nation
to nation.
About twenty years ago there was a
severe epidemic of smallpox in England
and America. In recent months the
disease has been causing alarm in many
parts of England and Scotland. rp to
the middle of January it was prevail
ing-though in general the cases are of
a mild type-in about fifty localities,
including Liverpool, Manchester, Edin
burgh and Glasgow. In the last city
thirty-four new cases occurred within
ten days previous to the report.
The Lancet says: "The story is a
serious one at this especial season of
the year. No newly-improvised hos
pitals can be expected to stay the spread
of the disease."
England contends with the pest at a
disadvantage. Many persons of influ
ence do not believe in vaccination,
write against it, and oppose it in every
way they can. The opposition has
grown greatly during the long absence
of the epidemic.
According to the Lancet, the vaccina
tion laws are practically in suspense.
In some districts many children have
never been vaccinated. Even where the
letter of the law has been complied
with, vaccination has been done in a
very lax and untrustworthy way, and
there has been an almost entire absence
of revaccination.
Again. the large class of tramps and
the many filthy lodging-houses into
-which they crowd at night greatly aid
in the spread of the disease.
At Manchester a man was found suf
fering from smallpox at a large lodg
ing-house. The inspector made ar
rangements for his removal, but as
soon as the officer's back was turned
the patient bolted from the house, and
when he was captured some hours later,
he was believed to have infected a con
siderable number of his fellows.
If the epidemic reaches this country,
we shall not expect it to spread exten
sively, for the laws respecting vaccina
tion are intelligently carried out. Still,
the large immigrant population will
need looking after, and lodging-houses
will need rigid inspection.
Re-vaccination should be properly at
tended to. The authorities also should
promptly provide means for the isola
ion of patients.-Youth's Companion.
THE WINNING CARD.
Srow a Diffident Young Man Turned the
Joke on lli Old Teaser.
There's a very pious and diffident
young man in Detroit who is so very
sensitive that a certain gentleman with
a good-looking daughter is forever teas
ing him on all sorts of subjects, and
the young fellow has never been able
to get even until now. The other day
the old one met the young one in a
crowd of men.
"'Ah, my boy," he said, "you 'weren't
at the club last night?"
"'No. sir," was the response; "I was
making a few calls."
"'O--ho," laughed the old one, with
great significance, "making calls, were
you? WVhat kind of hands did you
•hold?" and lie winked and laughed
again, and nudged the young man in
the ribs.
Then the inspiration came to the
young man.
"''They were just too lovely for any
thing," he said, with a smile. *'Your
daughter's was one, for instance." and
somehow the old one hasn't felt so
much like teasing the pious young man
since that.--Detroit Free Press.
It Takes lMany Pounds of Bullets.
Old war eagles are wont to tell young
er soldiers that there is no real danger
in a battle; that "it is mostly all roar
and little wool;" that "it takes a man's
weight in lead to kill him," etc. This
last statement seems rather broad, but
statistical tables even more than prove
the verity of the assertion. At the
battle of Solferinoa comparison of the
number of shots fired on the Austrian
side with the number of killed and
wounded on the part of the enemy
shows that 700 bullets were expended
for each man wounde d and 4,200 for
each man killed. Now, as the average
weignt of the ball used was 30 grammes,
it must have required at least 126 kilo
grams or 227 pounds of lead to kill a
single one of the enemy's men! In the
last Franco-Prussian war a whole com
pany of French chasseurs fired 400
shots at a mounted German sentry on
a hillock at a distance of less than 800
yards without even so much as scratch
ing either horse or man.-St. Louis Re
public.
Early Impresslons.
Everyone must have found how diffi
cult it is to eradicate early impressions,
or to overcome prejudice acquired later
in life. Our first impressions cling to
us with a tenacity which no change of
place nor situation can destroy. The
home of our childhood, the friends and
associations of our youthful days, form
images in our remembrance which can
never be wholly obliterated. The wan
derer from his native country may in
his adopted home meet new associa
tions and acquire more wealthy co
nections and a higher standing in so
ciety than he held in the land which
gave him birth, still the humble dwell
ing in which he was reared, the part
ners of his early joys and sorrows, the
habits he was aceastomed to in youth,
are all "green spots" In his reminis
cences, continually watered from the
fount of never-failing memory.-De*
troit Free Press.
fnlafleem'
Hokelspiel-Davy, you vas a prave
poy.
Ills Clerk-Danks.
liokelspiel-You safed der shdore
from burnin' oop, unt I revards you.
Here vas a silfer tollar. You can look
ad id all tay, unt you nqedn't giU 14
pack till gloin'-oop time,-Jludit
FARM AND GARDEN.
NEW GARDEN TOOL.
Designed by a Bright Boy ln an Hor of
Need.
A ;ew tool made from an old one
would have been considered an impos
sibilty a few weeks ago, but necessity
is the mother of invention. The garden
fork got broken. It was a beautiful
late spring morning, the garden was in
fine shape to be planted, and the seeds
and their mistress impatient to have
the work go.-forward. It was miles to
town. We had no substitute for a fork
but a clumsy stable shovel, not even a
gardener's spade. Just when ready to
give up the job for a still later oppor
tunity, one of the boys was heard vig
orously using hammer and coal-chisel
at the barn. In a few minutes he came
into the garden, flushed with success
and pride, bearing aloft what appeared
to be a short, stiff spade. A few words
of explanation showed it to have been
made of an aid shovel which had lain
idle for a number of years because
the point was worn off it. lie had
merely cut off the sides, leaving the
stiff back and middle portion of the
shovel, about eight inches wide (Fig.
1). A derisive laugh met his presenta
tion, but when the new tool was tried,
I.' r I, M
it was unanimously pronounced time
ly, useful and permanent-useful not
only in preparing the garden, but in
digging horse-radish, setting out small
fruits, pie-plant, young trees, and do
ing a dozen other jobs where even a
fork would not serve well. In dig
ging post holes, it performs a most
useful mission.
Many anothelrold shovel might be thus
transformed, and many a farmer who
does not know the usefulness of the
English slane could easily provide him
self with one of these tools by bending
the broad blade of an old shovel at an
exact right angle with itself. as shown
in Fig. 2. For the rapid getting out of
peat and muck, this tool has no equal,
as it will cut two sides of each block at
one stroke, and when the bog is once
opened, every motion produces a com
plete brick.--Country Gentleman.
CREEPS FOR LAMBS.
Why No Flockmaster Should Neglect to
Bluid Thom.
The value of lamb creeps is not al
ways appreciated by flock owners. It
is advisable to push the lambs with
grain and choice pasture. Our illustra
tion shows two forms of lamb creeps.
The one shown at 13 is made by nailing
slats made from fence boards to 2x4
inch scantling at the top and bottom,
placing the slats far enough apart to
allow the lambs to pass through read
ily. It can be fastened by chains as
showvn in the cut, or nailed firmly to
the posts, as may seem best. This form
of creep is very convenient for widen
ing the holes, the slats being readily
knocked loose and nailed on again mak
ing the desired intervals any length.
These spaces will need to be widened
as the closely shorn ewes require nar
rower creeps in May and June than the
large lamb can get through later in theo
season. Another form of creep is
shown at D. It is open to criticism for
having the width of the holes fixed
and for having too small a capacity.
Lambs want to rush through quickly
when they go to feed. and when but
two can get through at the same time
it is too slow for them. Th'e places
where creeps can be used to advantage
are numerous. Our illustration repre
sents one corner of a corral set off for
the lambs' grain trough. In a similar
way a corner or an end of the barn can
be set apart for them. WVhere flocks
are pastured within hurdles lamb creeps
can be used, lambs being allowed to
pick the fresh clover, peas. rape or oth
er crop before it is soiled by the flock.
There are other more elaborate creeps
LAMB CREEPS ILLUSTRATED.
used, but they are expensive and give
no better service. The grain trough
represented at A is the one used at the
Wisconsin station. Its peculiar fea
ture is the movabledender or ridgepole,
which prevents lambs getting into the
trough to lie down or stand. Sheep are
rather particular about their food, and
lambs are quick to refuse grain not
fresh and clean. Anyone can make a
lamb creep and trough after seeing our
illustration, and no sheep raiser should
do without one on his farm.-O. Judd
Farmer.
A Rhode Island Experience.
The Homestead tells of a farmer in
Rhode Island who turned over five
acres of old s .vard land in May, and put
on a liberal dressing of stable manure
mixed with slaughter house refuse. He
sowed it with fodder corn and raised 70
tons of fodder, which it cost him $40 to
cut and stack. As his cattle will leave
the best upland hay to clean up this
fodder, he considers it worth at least $10
a ton, and his whole outlay was ahout
o100, which he presume does not in
elude cost of the manure. lut the land
ought to be iL much better conditiol?
I tha before,
PROFIT IN GAPONS.
they Usually Iring More Per Pouad TIa :
hickens.
The claims made for the more rapid t:.
growth of capons than of cockerels -
hardly seem substantiated in the birds
which I have examined. Capons and
cockerels of the same brood at seven
or eight months of age were of abput
equal weight, the cockerels, if there
was any difference, being the heavier.
Were these birds to be kept for a few
months longer it is possible that the
capons would have outgrown the cock
erels. But, despite this failure to make
more growth at an early age, there still
seems to be some advantage in capon
izing the male birds. They become less
pugnacious than those not operated up
on; they remain "'soft," that is, in *
chicken-like condition of flesh, much
longer; and in time they do take on.
more weight and fatten more easily.
The operation is easily learned and
quickly performed, and is not accom
panied with much' pain. The loss of
birds from the operation, when proper
ly performed, is very slight, and the
birds which die are really not lost, as
they bleed to death and are as fit for
food as if they had been bled in the
usual way. It is true that cockerels
can be kept together, if- bred together
and kept from the sight of pullets, un
til seven or eight months old, and up
to that time are "soft," but there comes
a time with most breeds when these
males engage in battle, or attempt to
tread one another, and when this time
comes they-must be separated or sold.
But capons may be kept until one is
ready to sell. with no danger of bat
tling, treading or losing their "soft"
condition. It really seems as if the op
eration ought to prove profitable to
those who raise many chickens.
Capons, too, usually bring a better
price than cockerels, though the differ
ence is probably not so great as it is
sometimes represented to be: Still the
market quotations are tolerably reli
able, and these anyone interested can
study for himself. Capons are never
sold for less, and usually, if-not always.
bring more per pound than chickens.
American Agriculturist.
KANSAS ROW MARKER.
Device for Insuring Straight Rows in
Field or Garden.
To secure straight rows in field or
grden the ground should be marked
before planting. A convenient imple
men for this purpose is shown in the
accompanying illustration, from a
sketch sent us by John C. Lmsted, of
Kansas. A six-inch pole twelve feet
long, of red elm or white oak, a, has a
tongue pinned below it and braced by
an old arch of a two-horse cultivator
mortised through the pole and pinned
above the tongue. A second pole, b,
four inches through, is attached to the
first by pieces of one-fourth by one and
A HOMEMADE MARBKEiE .
one-fourth inch strap iron passing loose.
ly around the front pole, Abut bolted to
the blocks e. which are twenty inches
long and six inches through, and pinned
above the back pole. The holes for the
marker pins should be bored where
needed. WVood pins need one and one
half inch holes, iron pins one-half inch.
These holes should be so bored that the
pins will slant back while marking.
The pins. d, which fasten the back pole
to the connecting blocks e should be
mads six inches longer for this purpose.
A double tree can be attached to the
tongue in the usual manner. By using
a heavy hack log, an excellent clod
crusher, leveler, or weed and cornstalk
breaker can be made.-American Ag
riculturist.
FEATHERS AND EGGS.
Utility or Jmore Importance in Fowls Than
Graceful Shape.
I consider the utility part of a fowl of
far more importance than the graceful
shape or the handsome plumage. The
best layers I have on my place are the
ugliest in plumage, and possess all the
disqualifications of the standard called
for. Yet I would rather have one such
fowl than half a- dozen of the average
prize winners at the poultry exhibi
tions. I relieve in pure bloods. The
only departure I make from strictly
thorough breeds is the first crossing. I
know that where two breeds are
crossed the offspring are more hardy
and more profitable than when closely
bred in their purity.
My plan is to pick out the best layers
each year and raise young stock from
them. iy carefully following this plan
an excellent laying strain can be built
up. It pays to closely watch the laying
hens and to kill off all that are but
ordinary. T'he same food that will feed
a flock of indifferent layers would sup
port a flock of profitable ones. Fan
ciers cannot follow out that plan. Very
often the poorest layers are the best
marked and the best adapted for the
matings he wants, and his prime object
is to furnish prize winners. I believe
in points, but I want these points to
mean egg.'--liermantown Telegraph.
How to Preserve Eggs.
We have often given replies to in
quiries in regard to how best to pre
serve eggs, and though many methods
are given, yet the following rules will
enable one to keep eggs from three to
four months if followed:
1. The eggs from hens that are not
with males.
2. Keep the eggs in racks, using no
packing material.
3. The eggs should be turned half
over three times a week.
4. Keep them cool, which Is the most
important of all.
5. Use only fresh eggs, as one stale
agg may injure the others.-Farm and
Fireside.
Tin pig that isfarrowed in the spring
should be large enough for slaPughtSer ia
the fall. Small sizes are preferred. Thi
day has passed for raising pigs for larc
enly. The clover patch is now -
ered as important as thi 99t
rahe feeding of U1Sra