LAFAYETTE GAZ
VOLUME I LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1894. NUMBER 41.
•~~, -1..11.%...... . .. . .. . . u .n ii ,• n. iI iI ,, i ,• ,i , t u , i ~,," 1iut
-- DEALERS IN-..
General
Merchand ise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Limcoln Avenue, . LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Samiles Stores
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. ARMEL CONVENT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT aad SUPPLY SHOP.
N'ear lank Ilulldliag.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORI-IES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafrete.. Ls.
SB. W. E I.LIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.to.trozn Ixxe J .t I tivw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
A FEED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot. I
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17. c
" ----~------- - --- -- It
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
prome and Federal Courts at Opelousas d
and New Orleans. a
LAFA rAEI rT~E. j. C
RAIll,RAD t BAILEi SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
- TIlE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
XaX 1r EEIt, "EPalB"a D
-AND
Sale Stable
SCOISTAIITIII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. t
DR. J. L. DUHART. 1
A practitioner in the State 22 years, it
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls w
attention to his new and successful treat- t
ment of the respiratory orga;ns. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti- o
tutional treatment affordin. a cure 1 o
Consumption, in the first and" second
period if they follow- exactly t'he treat cC
onent and relief in the third period. m
Deafness and chronic diseasus in ge. In
eral a specialty. di
O. P. GU:LBEAU, a
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and promp latt itntion given tc
the col lectfion of k.l I. oun tis, notes or
SIrifts. oSale and prcusuo of lands a m
tended td. 1-19 U
C. H. M!OUTON,
• rtoz-io '~ .t I 4nw,.
"BE STRONG."
DO stroag to bear, O heart of mainse
Faint not when sorrows come
The summits of these hills of earth
Touch the blue skies of home.
So many burdened ones there are,
Close jurneying by thy side;
Assist. encourage, comfort them.
Thine own deep sorrow hide.
What though thy trials may seem great.
Thy strength is Iknown to God;
And pathways steed and rugged lead
To pastures green and broad.
3le strong to love. 0 heart of minot
S Live not for self alone,
But find, in blessing other lives,
Completeness for thine own.
ith Seeir every hungering heart to feed;
Each saddened heart to cheer;
And where stern justiee stands aloof.
In pity draw thou near.
Ifl d loving words and helping hands.
LA. Have won more souls for Heaven
Than all the dogmas and the creeds
13y priests and sages given.
no strong to hope, O heart ot mrinet
Look not on life's dark side:
For Just beyond these gloomy hours.
Rich. radiant days abide,
Let hope. lii;c summer's rainbow bright,
Scatter thy falling tears;
S And let God's precious promi: eu
Dispel thy anxious fears.
For every grief a Lathe comnes;
For every toll a rest.
So hope. so love. to patlent ben t.
God doeth all things best.
-Alice D. Jones. in Womankind.
UNCLE JOSEPH'S WOOING.
DBY SARANH i. GARDNER.
One of the prominent figures in our
meeting house for many years was
that of Uncle Joseph, for thus was he
known by the young and old who fre
quented our religious gatherings.
lie occupied the second seat in the
men's gallery, and it was with him
that the elder shook hands in sign that
the Friends should separate, when it
sic seemed likely that the spirit would
try move no others to utter gentle words
lth of blessing or stern warning against
Cho the tempter.
As children we regarded Uncle Jo
seph in the light of a patriarch, al
though I now know that his years at
the time of which I write had scarce
reached the limit of a half century.
I He was a comely man, straight and
tall, his smooth-shaven face beam
ing with good nature, and iis soft
1 blue eyes lighted with sympathy.
but he was not intellectuaL Slow I
of movement and uncertain in exores
r1 sion, his hearers were often troubled
to follow his excellent thought, and it
rk was no uncommon thing for my parents
to. to refer to his ministrations as being
"labored." We had a consciousness,
based perhaps upon accidental knowvl
edge, that he was uncommouly well
to do, and also that there was consid
erable feeling in the society that Sarah
Sidney, with her clear insight and
facile speech, would be a fit life com
p, anion for the good man. linut time
wore on, and there scened no likeli
hood of a realization of this desire.
SI can renmenbcr one occasion when
D the subject really assumed the fmpor
tance that is usually given to gossip,
but it was so lovingly and conscien
tiously touched upon that I was great
ly impressed.
My father and mother were in the
way of inviting many friends to dine
1C with them on monthly meeting day.
Quarterly meeting brought even more
persons frontm a distance, and among
the children little unaccustomed duties
-.ere distributed. I was frequently
desired to remain for a time in the
front chamber and assist our women
visitors in removing their wraps and
adjusting the cap crowns that often
met with disaster beneath the stiff
bonnets. It was always a pleasurable
duty, for friends never forget the
young, and as each one grasped my
little palm she did not nteglect to
speak an encouraging word to une.
(Oi the occasion to which I have al
luded meeting broke up somewhat
later than usual. I hurried home,
1 warmed my chilled fingers and ran up
stairs, where a bright fire was burning
on the hearth. I glanced about to see
that the wood box was full and looked I
out of thle window, where my eye
rested upon a short line of carriages t
all bent in the direction of our home.
First came father and mother, grand
father and the three younger chil- ,
dren, then a vehicle well known to me
as that of Elias Chase from . Derry
Quarter, and thus I counted them off
as they drew up beside the horse block.
I missed Sarah Sidney. who general- i
Ily came with Theophilus Ialdwin's
family, and, having seen her placid
s face in its usual place on the seat be- a
neath the gallery, fronting the meet- C
ing, I was at a loss to explain her ab
sence. She was tenderly attached to
mother, and I could not believe any
light matter would take her to an- s
other's table. 0
A gentle voice called me to my duties. h
"Why, KIatherine dear, thee must
have been very spry to get home be
fore us. I was pleased to see thy in- o
terest in the meeting to-day." d
The good woman kissed me and S
thanked me for the little aid I was
able to give in unpinning her shawl. I
Directly afterward, sweet Jane Spen -o
cer came tripping up the stairs. She P
was frequently spoLen of as exhibit
uing "overmucli ardor" in all her good P
works, but we children loved the en
thusiastic little woman. U
"O KIatherine, I am glad to make use l
of thy quick fingers. My cap strings
are sadly awry. I have been most un- t
comfortable in them all through the fc
meeting. Our breakfast was a trifle ni
late this morning, and we had far to tI
drive."
One and anothler arrived, each with eI
a thought of me. "How thee grows, ci
child," or: "Thy mother is blessed in
her little helpers." th
The room was well-nigh full, wheni
some one asked the question that had w
been trembling on my lips: n
"Where is Sarah Sidney?" si
No one directly ieplied, but after a Sm
moment's reflection nearly all had a
suggestion or a little interest in her to rh
express. i de
"'Methought her face bore traces of gi
axlety this imorning. I trust she has ev
met with no firthes financial disaster. cmi
Thea Icows. R-lod , she s botuevolen, an
to+e M1.p1f*Uim dgr ia i0n0 wQ St J. e,
purse is not lengthy, and it is thete
fore a serious matter to be forced to
curtail in her giving." .
"Saraul is too true a follower of: the
Oreat Teacher to be long afflicted by
the things of this world," replied an
aged friend.
"Ah, Hannah dear," answered the
at. first speaker, "thee has never had the
bread and butter trouble, and there
fore thee can hardly compass its
misery."
I think we all felt the f:rce of this
argument, for Hannah ivwa richly
dowered. Presently Jane Spencer
sighed "'I cannot help wishing that
Uncle Joseph would recognize that the
hand of the Lord is pointing him to
Sarah Sidney."
"If such be the will of our Heavenly
L'ather, I doubt not it will be revealed
in due time," and Hannah spoke with
great deliberation.
"That is. gcite true, and un_ j
!y ftsorl  flfiaose aitnio jusgw arc
trifle worldly minded that show a dis
position to hasten these things." Jane
Spencer was always very meek under
reproof, and I felt glad thatotlers sus
tained her desire that Uncle Joseph
should be a little less deliberate in his
action.
"I can hardly think that he realizes
Sarah's worth," said a late comer.
. "On the contrary," it was lRhoda
Longstreet's voice, "I am sometimes
inclined to believe that his doubt rests
upon his own merit. If lie were of the
world'i people I should say lie was
i bashful. As it is, I call him slow in
perceiving his adoption to any pecul
Siar calling."
"Thee may be right," responded s
Jane Spencer, and I was struck with
the note of merry-making that ac
companied Iecr wo-rds. "'If so, I can
only wish that somebody would give t
him a hint, for I really believe that t
Sarah has perecived their true rela
tionship, and that her spirit is troubled c
since no sign is given unto her."
"Ali," interrupted Llannah, "shall
w- e never learn that God does not wislh t
t us to call upon Hlim for signs?" e
e Now it had chanced, although none v
of those present were at that time a
d conscious of it, that Sarah Sidney had
given up her seat in a friend's carriage
to a person who was suffering from a
weak limb, and had walked briskly
v along the frozen road toward our
house.
Uncle Joseph, too. had chosen to
leave his vehicle at home, and, seeing
in the distance a familiar, plump little o
'figure. he made haste to overtak!e her
For a few moments they talked to
gether of the lesser things of life i
Then they fell into a silence which was
at last broken by Uncle Joseph's voice a
"My mind has dwelt much to-day01
upon the Bible teachingof the relation
of Ruth and Boaz." n
I am sure that the throbbing heart L
beneath the white musli:n kerchief of e
Sarah Sidney must have bounded a el
little at this. Ie e-cnt on: L
"'lies thee ever thought it over ant L
applied the test to our own lives?"
It was certainly not strnn-e that the el
good woman hesitated before she an- ni
swered:
"Jf thee means toa:sk whether it has tl
been shown to me that I am chosen of
the Lord to be thy companion, I will e
admit that it has; but, Joseph. thee is i
not an old man, nor am 1 a young hand
mai.wen."
Uncle Joseph stopped short in his i
walk, and, catching a frightened look ex
upon the nonest face beside him, he
gravely said: i
"It was not upon that relation that in
my mind ran. I thought rather of the sn
increased duty in this day and genera- bi
tion which belongs to the husbandman v
and his gleaners, or, in other words,
the responsibility of him' upon whom
the benefits of this world hare been
showered, and the loud call ever sound
ing in my ear to extend help to those
who need; and it has been whispered
to me that thy material moods haveo
been slipped from thee, and-and Ito
wished many times that I might male fo
bold to offer my aid.."
Can one marvel if a feeling of faint
ness crept over the gentle Sarah, or f
that a beseeching look set the seal
upon the awful stillness that followed.
Uncle Joseph's voice sounded strange
'in her car. She feared she should falls
hat as the tones grew clearer some
thing else impressed her.
"Sarah, thee has a more receptive
spirit than my own. I have sometimes
longed to see aright in regard to the
formation of a closer bond with thee,
and I rejoice that through my ill
chosen speech thee has been led to eat
point the way." so
lie took her trembling hand betwee: cra
his own, and smiled down upon the pe]
sweet, but tearful face; then her lips erg
opened, the pain went forever out of aec
her heart, and she.whispered only: vie
"Dear Joseph." cli
But her trial was not quite over tor
We were already summoned to the wh
dining-room when Uncle Joseph and ing
Sarah Sidney entered the door to- in:
gether. I glanced about me, and was re
certain that I saw more than one look shm
of satisfaction exchanged by the corn -n
pany present. the
The moment of silent blessing was the
past. My mother moved as if to be- anu
gin serving the soup, but she caught tit
Uncle Joseph's eye, and awaited his be
slow words. lag
"Dear friends," hlie said, with a little Fma
tremor in ]his voice, "rejoice with me.
for to-day has our beloved Sarah Sid
ney revealed to me the message thai
the Lord has given into her keeping." sell
He paused, and with a flush bright- do
ening her soft cheeks, Sarah asked, i
calmly:- and
"Joseph, will thee kindly explain Be
thyself?'"
I never knew him to do anything so
well as he now related to us the man- ths
ner in which he had obtained an in
sight into the secret knowledge of ~n
Sarahl Sidney's heartf of I
As he ceased speaking her own
rhythmic tones filled the room in ten- an
der thanksgivinFg to the Lord for his attd
gift of companionshlip, sand this has
eovermore reslained in my memory as
one of the aBot beautiful and ferveit si
auppleation al have beeon pr!ileged ,' ve
buite'--Frots Qa vt Idyll-s to i
T, THE FARMING WORLD.
the ABOUT CASTOR BEANS.
byA Few General iad iSe asitle sllatl Re
an Ern - Terr clftlraertaIomn.
S. J. Flippen, of Fulton. 4Io., desires
the some information regarding the culti
he ration of castor beans as a field crop.
°re Unless the experiment shall include=
its at least 8 or 10 acres we advise against
it, beeause of the necenssro
his labor. This consistsne l;
"ly tion of the popping gr6und, a fery
cer low-wheeled wagon or truck or sled,
at the latter in common use, but the other
Lhe easier to haul. The judgnentuof when
to the beans are ripe enough for cutting.
etc:, cannot well be deasdibed, as they
feY ripen unevenly on the Sajue bunch.
led A few hints of general cultivation
tl may be given. The f4el, here planted
should be rich soil nearly as
' 'ble free from wel ' order to
secure a good stand more plants should
is- be planted than can be allowed4o
sne grow. The land is prepared as for a
ier premium corn crop, that is to say:
us- Plow deep and thorough; harrow well
ph and fine the soil before laying it off in
rows. Lay off in rows four feet wide
each way; plant by hand and leave
Ces only two or at most three plants to the 1
hill; cultivate freely and not too deep
da three or four times to keep down or
les kill the weeds; every seventh or ninth
sts row should be left vacant for a drive
he tray in gathering bunches. As these I
' will ripen unevenly two or three gath- I
in erings will be necessary. The popping
e ground above spoken of must be level, i
with a hard floor and large enough to I
ece secure the beans when popping. It is
th needless to say that the beaus should
Ic- be thoroughly cleaned before they are I
an offered for sale. As a caution we say 1
ye that the first quotations of prices in I
at the season are seldom reliable; they i
la- are' made to start the crop and a I
ed crop will follow. Some reliable I
person, familiar with the work. will
Ill be needed to give additional informa- I
5si tion not given in this paper. Experi- s
ence is the best schoolmaster. On a I
no very small and limited scale an experi
ne ment would not pay.-St. Louis lRe
ad public.
;e
a OUR COUNTRY ROADS.
ly
&A Flea ?rona Mlssourl Wt1lch Applies wt
All Otlrer states.
to There is no copyright on the topic of
i good roads. Bad roads are too numer
ous. They are to the manor born. A
r part of our nineteenth century civili
zation. We luxuriate in them, abound
0'
in them indeed. as one of the institu
1s tions which. "like the poor," we have
always with us. Every once in awhile
one runs into a hole or against a stump;
º' breaks an oa.le or a wheel, or the har
ness gives way, or something of the
kind occurs before,anybody would have v
of thought of it, and then we begin to 0
clamor for good roads We refer to "
a this matter once in awhile. not so 0
much to urge it as to keep it before ti
the readers: for when an effort of this h
character so apparently and obviously b
necessary fails of itself to, appeal to n
the good judgment of the best people h
there is little use in.urging it. It is 6'
very evident that were the roads of n
ever; populous district in Missouri put a
into good condition they would not tI
only save money, but enable those who ei
use them to make both time and 0
money. Then again the value of prop l
Ia erty as a marketable commodity would
be greatly enchanced. especially if the
s highways were studded and orna' A
iented with shade, fruit or nut-.:ear
It ing trees. Our countrymen loi'c upon
e such things as weak and ephemeral, ti
b" ut to us they are important a.d very fli
n valuable considerations. - Colman's be
5, Rural World. st
n cl
in BLANCHING CELERY. be
A Devlce TVbome Cheapness IeceIanend$s Y
a Fair Trial. sC
The "new celery culture" does away, al
0 to a certain extent, with artificial fc
blanching. but many people do not tu
follow this method of clos' plant- ti'
ing, while, moreover, some sorts If
of celery will not blanch. even with
close planting, unless ban'ked by la
ro
p1
nr cr
of
be
an
earth, boards or something of thei m
sort. Earth is objectionable in many we
cases, while the use of boards is .ex- So
s pensive and cumbersome if one's cel- th
ery rows are somewhat extensive. The as
accompanying illustration shows a de- en
vice that may be found usefuL The lai
cheapest of cotton cloth is bought and po
torn into strips of the required width, Be
when it may be hemmed upon a sew- Un
Sing machine. The whole, when dipped thu
in a ten-cent package of black dye, is It
ready to be tacked upon slender sticks, ga
sharpened at one end. It is a simple las
and very easy matter' then to place las
these strips of cloth along the sides of i
the celery rows, turning at the end pre
and going back upon the other side of ab
thie row. Sufficient shade may perhaps ma
be aforded in most cases without dye- as
ing the white cloth.-Orange Judd -(
Farmer.
Basle Qualltles of Ste-k.
A sound constitution means not only
self-sustaining vigor, but as well free- wa
dom from disease. Self-contained pon
vigor involves a well developed heart the
and lungs, good digestion and assim- get
ilation, and good bone and muscle. the
Be it remembered that all of there, as 100
well as the reproduction of them, are Ta'
found in the wild animals, and too As
that they are found in them to such Pr.
an extent that man, by all of his wi
science, all of his experience, and all the
of his genius cannot equal much less d*t
surpass them. Now, think this over, thi
and then say what wie as breeders are log
attempting to do in our efforts to sur- Git
pass nature. There Is more in this the
question to us than will appear at first the
sight. and the education and light deo the
velnped n.v a study of it will be such ps lon
to last a I ntiUi the enu of earirity.- 94
WEST HIGHLAND CATTLE.
Prebsbly thes'Mest Miar4r Dtry Breed !S
the. World.
There is something in the accom
te. psnying illustration of a conspicuous
member of the family 0of West High
·s land cattle that is. at pi letive
ti- of his birth ,e
p. clime of Scot!
at o-nce itvsgor
f i igqbehreed of 'Fue ie'tOitr
i.i -tlt of Ceath ajpilt Bdheqlj
ry owned by Mr. John Stewart, of Scot
d, land. This fine animal was first and
er champion at the Highland sobieties
an show at Inverness. Scotland, and also
g. mpion at Stirling.
ey ice & Highland, or to be more
accurate, the Southwest Highland,
>n breed pf cattle are very highly es
id teemed in GEreat Br tain. They are
as most at home on the western islands
to of Scotland and in the adjoiningt. 1
id ties. This breed and the Galloways
to are believed to be descended from the
a same oqiginal stock, the former being
y: often called "Highlanders without
11 horns." Galloway crosses by a West
in Highland bull have been put-with pure
le bred Galloways. and the best Gallo
re way judges have been unable to dis
se tinguish the crosses from the pure
tp specimens. Inu the Hebrides, they are
or very largely grown, and the Kyloes, -
th as they are familiarly called, are great
e- favorites. They are not a desirable
ie breed for the dairy, it is as beef ani
ts- mals that they excel. They are, while a
ig young, somewhat slow in coming to C
1, maturity, but the product, when ma- c
tured, is not surpassed by that of any o
is other breed.
.d In the early history of this breed, in a
e the beginning of the eighteenth cen
y tury, they received but scant care and
n feed. With the exception of the milk
*y ing cows, they were as a rule win- a
a tered in the field and were scantily
Le fed with a little hay of the poorest S
Ll quality,. or some straw. Very many 1
r- had to exist on seaweed, heather and p
i- rushes. It is said that at least one
a fifth of them used to perish of starva
Su
id -
CHA.>IrPION WEST LI(4III.t.AN) BLI.I.. h
f tic n every winter, and in unusually se -I
weyre winters when the snow lay long
on the ground fully one-half of them
snecumbed. Of course, the survivors
of such treatment were those having
the greatest vigor, and. the quality of
hardiness in the breed was intensified
by this process of selection. When a is
more rational treatment followed the na
harsh one . alluded to, these cattle da
soon demonstrated their worth. Even an
f now, when subjected to poor treatment In
t and scant fare through the winter, cc
they will respond to a m vor able il
> environment more rapidly than any O0
other breed, putting on flesh with di
speed.-Orange Judd Farmer. sa
GARDEN ROTATION. hi
A System WVhich Preserves Fertility and
Saves Fertillsers. as
A good rotation for the garden is sh
this: *Newly set strawberry bed the er
first season and the next the bearing cln
bed of strawberries. After that the w'
strawberry plants should be started
elsewhere so that they can come into dc
bearing as soon as the old ones have on
yielded their crops. Clover should be or
sown upon the old strawberry be sil
after the plants are raked up. The i
following spring the clover should be eC
turned over in time to make prepara
tions for various garden vegetables. th
If corn and potatoes are raised on any er
large scale they should be raised on a fn.
larger field separate from the garden. rt
and they, by adding clover, make a 'v
rotation sufficient for all purposes.br
Two years of potatoes on one soil is `i
sufflicient. By the third year the bugs nil
would be too plentiful to make things ila
pleasant. Then give the land up to fha
clover for one year, followed by two a
crops of corn. When the second crop sel
of corn is harvested the potatoes can ul
be planted again, and the rot, blight ell
and bugs by that time will be exter- fai
minated. By this system of rotation ey
we need less manure on our gardens.
Some soils have too much manure now
that is unused, uncomposted and un- or
assimilated manure. By a rotation of do
crops this is used up better, and the bli
land is cleaned out so that it can dis
pose of fresh applications much better. w
Besides, clover adds to the soil what it thi
greatly needs, and it is something rid
that our gardens very rarely receive. th(
It may be impossible to work a smaUll th
garden in a village in this way where th
land is limited, but where the farm is an
large enough and the owner is depend- ul
ing upon his garden for most of his Th
profits, there is no other sound, reason- col
able course for him to pursue. lie fri
must adopt a rotation of crops as well a
as his brothergrain andgrass growers. sa
-Germantown Telegraph. sin
nal
Xeeping Sweet- Potatoes. bo
When the time comes to dig, do not ing
wait for the frost to kill the vines. If 0o0
possible dig when the ground is dry, fro
the drier the better; dig what you can pul
get under shelter. Be sure you get twa
them there. Put them in hills of 50 to ro
100 bushels. Get dry, clean pine straw. r<
Take bark, put it on evenly all over. wh
As you put it on put straw with fork. Ue
Press the straw with one hand. Feel
with others to 4 inches. Then put on
the dirt even all over. C~over 8 inches
deep and the sooner the better. This
thick covering keeps them ftom heat- re
ing, for they can't get air to heat any a
Give them a good shelter to keep f
them dry, and you are all ridlt. When n
the family wants some for use, opeln
the h at the toe and be sure you i
close will. Sweet potatoes Bavs ~
•  n 159 4. . , :,- ,. ...l . . - .
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Baked Cauliflower: Take any cold
etallants of boiled cauliflower, with
n' whatever cream sauce may be left.
IS Chop the vegetable, stir into is the
h- ance and two or three beaten eggs,
T according to quantity; put in a baking
fish, cover the top with bread-erumbs
lot with bits of bu4 er and bake brown.
i -Ohio Farmer.
-Stewed Beef with Tomatoes: Bury
Sthe meat in a stow-Dan with the toma
'toes, and add a small o:.on chopped
df nely. Season with pepper and salt, a
flash of cayenne improves it, and as
' sistea digestion. Add bits of butter
io rolled in flour. Cook until meat is
done, and the tomatoes reduced to
0e pulp. It may be made of cold roast
* bpef, or veal.-Housekeeper.o
-Orange Marmalade: Take large
ripe oranges (dark colored ones are
lbet); allow to each pound- of orawnge
one poundof loif sugari-. Peel the -
e anges and use one-half of the peel on
ly. Soak the peel over night in salt
g and water; next morning put the peel
in a kettle of water and boil until soft
enough to pierce with a straw,. scrape
off the soft white part, and cut the peel
in thin slices. Quarter the oranges
and take out the pulp; remove the
seed, then mix sugar, peel and pulp
and boil until it becomes transparent.
3' -St. Louis Republic.
--Creamed Oysters: In the interior
where fresh oysters are expensive or
not easily obtainable, very nice
creamed oysters may be made with the
canned goods. Put two tablespoonfuls
of butter in a saucepan; add two of
flour and stir and cook for a moment;
add the jfice faom a quart can of oys
ters and about.&Lpintsof milk; stir care
3 fully until it comes to the boiling
points season with salt and pepper,
add the oysters, give one boil, take
from the fire. add two beaten egg 1
yolks and a tablespoonful of chopped
. parsley and serve in shallow oyster
plates.-Orange Judd Farmer.
--Chocolate Souffle: People who are
fond of chocolate will find this a deli- I
cious, delicate pudding. Put half a
pint of milk in a double boiler; beat I
one tablespoonful of butter to a cream
and beat two spoonsful of flour into it. i
Pour the hot mill on this, stirring all
the time. Return to the store and i
cook six minutes. Put two ounces of
shaved or grated chocolate, three
tablespoonfuls of sugar and two of g
water in a pan over the fire and stir 1
until smooth. Pour into the double s
boiler; add the yolks of four eggs well I
beaten. When cool add the whites L
beaten to stiff froth: pour the pudding s
into a buttered dish and bake in a b
moderate oven twenty minutis. Serve r
hot with cream saucc.-F-arn, Field i
and Fireside.
TWEED FOR AUTUMN WE. ¾..
A Costumne 3.lade or the 'opular Ma -;,
and a Contrasting Suit.
Although blucof ait vivid,intense w,,a
is still the shade of the year for cloths a
and serges, those of us who are up-to- 04
date are preparing to accept a-pepper s1
and-salt tweed for real autumn wear t1
in preference to this most pronounced "
color, which has been rather exhausted v,
in crepons and other summer fabrics. n
One or two tailor gowns seen the other a
day were fashioned in this pepper-and- 1
salt suiting; the skirt fitted the hips tl
so closely as to suggest that the four %%
buttons which ran down either side vi
the front were there as much for use
as ornament, while the basque of the it
short, open-fronted jacket just cov- ft
ered the hips, and undulated suffi- L
ciently to warrant a black satin lining', :
which showed as the wevarer walked. LI
Two vests went with the gown. both to
double-breasted and rather low, the It
one in a heavily-grained llolland-col - l
ored pique and the other in a soft chine of
silk covered with a blurred floral de- iv
sign. The companion costume was i
eqgally well turned out. and the com
bination of coloring just as clever. al
though not to me, personally. so gen- j
erally attractive as tihe first. A smoothl
faced bottle-green cloth was the mate
rial employed, and this was arranged ki
with a strapped seam skirt and double- it
breasted reefer coat, the collar of which Ie
was faced with a deep magenta-colored in
mniroir velvet shot with green. i sim- r.
ilar silk lined both coat and skirt, and sl
fashioned a plaited silk blouse. which at
had the fullness at the neck and sleeves tU
set into folded bands of the velvet, Lb
while the waist looked very smart en- do
circled by a deep black silk elasticband hi
fastened with large gilded hooks and or
eyes.-N. Y. Advertiser. el
Balmy's Bath Blanket.
A pretty blanket, either for the bath
or for a carriage afghan, is made of of
double Germantown wool in white and ci
blue, or white and pink. With a coarse
crochet hook make a long chain and ,
work in single crochet, taking up only il
the back loop of the stitch to give a I,
ridged effect. At the seventh stitch of h
the chain put in two stitches, and at
the fourteenth skip a stitch and so on
throughout. This alternate widening a
and narrowing .nakes a series of van
tlykes which are very handsome. Lim
Three ridges of white and three of the io
color alternating look well, and no to
fringe is ne.essary. This work is easy f
and pleasant and quickly done. If the or
workers prefer knitting to crochet, a s
similar blanket may be made on ordi- ..
nary wooden needles by knitting the no
body of the blanket of white, and hav- ,
ing two or three narrow rows of the w
color at top or bottom. In changing a
from color to white, and back again.
put the thread over the needle and knot
two stitches together throughout the ni
row; this does away with a right and a
wvrong side, and makes a row of loops en
which ar quite ornamental.-Bobtonth
Plaidt Waisteoats for ilEl.u t
Tailor-made waistcoatsof heavy plaid in
silks are sellir.g in the shops. They th
are rather startling in color, and are to s
be the early fall substitute for the pop- tO
ular shirt waist. These ivaistcoats area
fastened with small black or gilt but- e
tons. They will do much toward mak- '
ing the serge outing gown permissible i
in town until the fall f~eog i. p.p o
h 4,bQ -mjQQto m)tobe
SCHOOL AND CHURCH, -J
- --A violent discussion Is going owl i.,
I France over the coeducation- .f the.
t. sees,.end French public sentiments i :
n much opposed to the atteimpt to intro .
, duce it..
g -There are now 1G.093 eh4pters of
0 the Epworth league in the Methodist.
a' Episcopal church, an increaels of 418 i :
the month ending September 90. Of,
o the total number of chaptear 2,800 lare
' of junior leagues.
--A German Evangelical D1eaconesa
a hospital was dedicated at Jerusalem
July :. The edifice with the lot eost
S300.000 francs. It has accommodations
for fifty or sixty patients. The sick of
any religion or nationality are to be
admitted.
--A writer in The Living Church an
c alyzes the returns of the Protestant
Episcopal church, and shows that there
are 4,366 churches with- lkesd than o10
communicants each, 1,506 having be
tween 100 and 200, 24 with 1,000, two
with over 2.000 and one with over 3,000
communicants.
c -Rev. Kevork Ardzrouni. who was
ordained an Armenian priest in Septem
s her, 1833. and whose influence in the
e Armenian church in Constantinople has
p been thorough for many years. died
lately at the age of one hundred and
seven years. His last sermon was
r preached Easter, 1890, when he was
r carried into the church in a chair.
- -Of over 5,000,000 children in eJe
a mentary schools in England only 890,
s 000 pay for their schooling,and of these
f 500.000 pay no more than a penny a
week, according to a recent official
statement. Of the "voluntary schools"
in which the whole or part of the tui
tion is paid by the parents, 5,000 re
ceive from 10 to 20 shillings a head for
the children in attendance, 4,000 be
tween 5 and 10 shillings, and 5,000 un
der 5 shillings.
 -Dr. Good, a missionary in the in
terior of Africa. says that the poverty
e of the native languages is a serious
hindrance to missionary effort. In the
tLule language. for- instanchee, there is
I no word for "thanks" or "thankagiv
a ing." "To believe," "to trust," :to
have faith" are all expressed by one
verb to which there is no correspond
ing noun. 'There is no word for "spir
it." The Rule have always believed in
an invisible god, but they have never
given such a being a name. With the
Bulek a living man has a body and a
shadow-the literal shape cast by the
living ipersona-which at death leaves
the body and becomes a disembodied
spirit with a new name which can not
be used to a pply to God and the angels.
So Dr. (;o,,d is driven to say that God
" . .'i . " - I !st r: A m
. .. ,' a(t anced" as -to
chunk "'men may as well be abolished:,
anyway:" and that the feeling is not
confined to this side of the water, is
shown by Prof. Charteris's remarks- at
the University of Glasgow, in July.
when. for the first time, a Scotch uni
versity conferred a medical degree
upon two women, one of whom was
made Bachelor of medicine, the other
Master of Surgery. He said he hoped
the time would come when decrees
would be bestowed that would do less
violence to the sex. and would run
"Spinster in Mledicine" and "'-istress
in Surgery." The Italian language
furnishes the pleasantest way out of
the difficulty. as the it dottore needs
:nly to be changed to la dottora and
Lhirenc you have her, end many of her.
too; for the groundswell of medical
3ducation for women has reached
-leeply old Italy. in which country one
of the ministers of instruction is the
wvidcly crtlebrated and progressive Dr.
hlacelli.
THE COREAN CAPITAL.
ti Sundiowu-n Lvery Good Citizen IRetires to
Ills Mouse.
Seoul. the capital of tihe Corean
kIingdom. is the only city where wide
streets are found, and the main street.
leading to the royal palace, is, indeed,
Iimmensely widcc, so much so that two
riows of smaller thatched houses and
shops are built in the middle of the
street itself, thus forming, as it were,
three parallel streets of one street; but
these houses are removed and pulled
down twice or three times a year, when
his majesty, the king, chooses to come
out of his palace and goes in his state
chair eitlher to visit the tombs of his
ancestors, some miles out of town, or
to meet the envoys of the Chinese em
peror, a short -way out of the west gate
of the capital, and a place where a pe
culiar sort of triumphal arch, half
built in masonry and half in lacquered
wood, has been erected, close by an ar
tifcial cut in the rocky hill, which, in
honor of the Chinese messenfgers, goes
by the name of thIe "Pekin pass."
All the cities in Corea are walled,
and the gates are opened at sunrise
and closed with thie setting sun. I-,
well remember at Seoul how- many -
Limes I have had to run so as not to be .
locked out of the town, and vivid be -
tore me is yet the picture of hundreds -
of men, women and children ontudor or
on tiny ponies, or leading laden blln
scrambling to get in or out while tlIs
"big bell" in the center of the town aa
nounced with its naourntfl sound -tBu"*4
with the last rays of light the Beala
wooden gates lined with iron would3 a.
again closed till the morning.
How well I remember the os
voices of.the gatekeepers shontiug. -
night after night, that time ,i
and hurrying the weary tas~vee -
enter the precinets of the top*,:
then the huge iron padloks asad1
were fastened, the gatekeepers
to the adjoilaing house to srn
interrupted gamblisng which |
their day, and 4 'New, tasty. i
standing in a iow aoi a rack.
to take care of thh ta 64t
and of its nhab -
every noise Ceased g
retired to hlis h
sional letipJrd nOw ! i
over the
t iiL~
r· ?IE iK