*"****"-." ".; "  .. . ", , - :,
~' : !II LAFAYETEGAZETT
...OLUME .L AAI A A 13
WAITINO.
:iUtiintr in the costest corner
 : Hu ';i-nan o'er the old-time lays,
in the pait sad present,
nnow.-with jyesterdays,
" rspa, radma. dear old couple,
Light anloomfortof ourhomne,
S : Pastheir twilight hours serenely,
: 'N athtti humble cottage dome.
Not their days are growing shorter,
':o their years seem not so long,
'.And their dim eyes Will turn backward
Wthere their youthful pleasures throng;
No- their hold on life grows weaker,
S  t they falter as they go,
S.t.tCtheir faith.all fears subduing
.t aves no room for selfish woo
Noto a shadow mars the beauty
Ortheir peaceful love-lit sky,
Death is but the gate to Heaven
'lhey will eater by and by.
So I hear them talking softly.
In theflrelight'a ruddy glow,
Of he hfppy past and present.
,altig for their time to go.
-JM. . Smith, in Christian at Work.
-" LEAV.I.NG HOME.
Uncle rJ'nxs Heart Is Touched
by a Familiar Picture.
*right and early they arrived at the t
fair grounds, and the first building
they eatered was the Art palace. It
must not be inferred from this fact that f
they loved art-not at all. They came to
this structure simply because it was a
part of the bxposition they had not vis- n
ited before. They had come several
hundred miles to see the fair, and it
would weigh heavily on their minds if
they failed to see any portion of it. Im
pelied by a stern sense of duty, they e
had "done" every building, from the
aonsent of La Rabida to Horticultural
hall-even though the exhibits in
some of them were as unintelligible h
to them as the inscriptions on an Egypt- h
inn obelisk. The Art palace and the
ia"isheries building alone remained to
b> visited; and it was to complete their
cycle of sight-seeing that they had
come to the fair this morning.
* It took no close observer to see that at
they were simple, well-to-do country hi
people. One Iknew instinctively that
their paths had lain in sequestered A
places, through cool, green pastures,
where mild-eyed kine grazed contented
ly and birds sang through the long sum
nmcr days. It was plain to be seen by
their honest faces that they were far
better versed in the ways of nature it:
than in the wiles of man. This trip to
the fair was the supreme event of their
lives-the brightest hit of color woven th
into the dull gray warp and woof of lit
their existence. They had never before tl
sceen anything more important than a _
county fair; and this great carnival of br
the nations seemed so stupendous and do
overpowering that sometimes a feeling s
of awe came over them. They realized
the hopelessness of seeing and couipre
heading more than a simal I part of the
whole. At such timues, Uncle Hlenry go
would sigh and sadly remark that he I o
"reckoned" it was too big for himn, n
Uncle Henry was the head of the a
faltmily. Ie had a kind, honest face, thi
an1l a look of simplicity that was re
frqhing. Lucy, his wife, was a hearty,
be.oin old lady, wh.o looked at peace m
ith.h the whole world. Their youngest bri
child was with them--a pretty, budding s
gil of seventeen or thereabouts. Then in'
I re was Uncle lHenry's sister, an olh 1t
naid, whose patient face gave evidence
that her life had been one long sacri- Iie
toe for the welfare of others.
V'I never did care no very great sight lie
ir chromos," remarked 'Uncle Henry,
I they passed rapidly through the va- stri
lous sections.wt
S"I, kind o' like to see 'em,"said his l h
vife. "ltut dear me! ere's so many
ou git all mixed up. You can't begin he
b stop and look at 'em all close, for if lou
on did you wouldn't git through in all reel
"*Ma, look here!" called the girl, at- day
erated by a painting of a bouquet of thi
gorgeous flowers. "Ain't this beauti- wat
ful? Wish I had it. Rlockon they'd th
sell it, pa?" i
"Course," answered her father. "Sell not
anything here for money." his
"Won't you buy it for me?" sie dide
coaxed.
"What's the use buyin' pickchers tils
when you git such nice ones free wit till
every pound of tea you buy?' Uncle hon
Henry asked. the
"But they're not like these here, pa. wa
These are all painted. They're only novi
printed." feel
"Oh, I see. All done by hand, ch? the
Wal, 1 think some of 'em better been you
left undone." cou
They sat down on one of the sofas to
rest.
"pMa, I want to learn to paint," said hi
the girl. "There's a lady stays at the to t
Johnson's who teaches folks to make lear
pictures. Can't I learn?" Ivot
"I reckon it's nice to know how to do mal
such things " said the mother. "What h
do you think about it, Henry?" th
"Think it's nonsense!" said Henry, can
decisively. "No earthly use. Let Floran I
learn to paint, and our house would o
soon be a reg'lar pickcher gallery, like aei
this. You gointothe Johnson's, where
that teacher stays, and you see a sun- apZ
flower here and a cat-tail there, and a p
long-legged bird of some sort over yon- ob
der. Johnson was tellin' me his girls for
had got the craze so bad they even Chi
'decorated' the coal-scuttle and the
spade, and wouldn't let him use'em.
If Flora wants to learn to paint, I'll git
some white lead and oil and let 'er
tackle the front-yard fence." pri
No one made any response, and hie so
continued: "We've seen all this we
want to, I guess. Let's go over to that the
place where the queer fishes is." d
They were passing tlhrough a glllery
in the United States section, trying toho
find an outlet, The old maid sister, wi
who brought up the rear of the little
group, stopped to examine a picture
more closely.
"Look here, Henry," she said. of
tThe picture to which she called his ar
attention vas entitled: "Breaking
Home Tiek," The scene was a plain, h
bare -oom in an old-fashioned farm- }
house. A lad, perhaps eighteen, wvas Pr
leavino his boyhood's home to go out -
alone into the broad, nnknown world, e
.is meoth er, an iafinity of maternal af- es
feetioi in her tearfuteyes, stood by let
hi, both her hands rest ing o hi on
- hoals: .heboy's itberbad ttnud h il
toward the open door. In his hand
was a earpetsack like those our grand
fathers carried; it held the few belong
ings of the departing lad. The aged
grandmother regarded the scene, a look
of sadness in her patient face. A young
lady sister sat near by, her hand rest
ing on the head of the family dog-a
great, noble animal, that looked
anxiously into the young man's face as
though striving to fathom the meaning
of the strange solemnity. A younger
sister-a mere child-stood near.
Through the open door could be seen
the driver waiti o convey his pas
senger to the village.
The boy's face was a study. It
showed the keen regret he felt in lear
ing mother, friends and home. There
was no bravado or assumed careless
ness in it. One felt that tears were al
most ready to start-probably would
when the excitement of separation was
over. But there was no weakness in
the face-it expressed high purpose and
firm resolution. It was hard for him
to go like this; but once started he
would never turn back-he would ac
complish what he set about, quietly
and determinedly. He was one of those
boys you trust instinctively, feeling
e that a good mother's influence is strong
g within him.
't It seemed so real. one could almost
`t fancy hearing the parting words: "God
0 bless you, my boy. Be true to your
self, and do not forget your home and
mother"
Uncle Henry regarded the picture for
some time in silence. It evidently ap
pealed to him strongly, bfor as he
looked his face took on a retrospective
expression. The passing crowds were
e unheeded. The time, the place were
alike forgotten. The memory of the
W\Vhite City-of forty years of toil and
hardship that came before-faded from
his memory like a dream when one
awakens. Ile forgot everything but a
little New Hlampshire homestead and a
- weeping mother's last farewell.
Some one in passing brushed rudely
against him. lie started as one who is
aroused from slumber; then turning to
his sister, asked:.
"Mighty purty pickcher, ain't it,
Alice?"
"Yes, 'tis; right party."
"It 'minds ime somehow of that day I
left home. Don't it you, Alice?" 1
"Yes, it does." I
"Must be 'bout forty years ago, ain't
it?"
"Forty year, come next Mayi."
"That chap there's just about my age t
then. And you was the size of that
little girl, too. Queer, ain't it? Alice,
that day comes back so clear I see it all I
-mother tellin' me good-by, and father r
bringin' the team 'round to the front t
door, and you standin' there cryin'-all
so plaint t
"And I 'member her last words, teo ii
-'Henry, it breaks my heart to let you
go, but I guess it's for t4ie best. I know
you'll always be a man, and not do
what you'd be ashamed to tell father 8
and me about, won't you, my boy?'
"That was forty year ago, and all
that time that scene has stood out in V
my mind just as plain as if I had a foty- I
graf of it there. And this pickcher ti
'minds me of it powerful. Somehow it T
brings it all back, and for awhile I si
sorter forgot and ima gined I was lear- tr
in' horne agin'." V
There were tears in Alice's eyes, ii
while a sort of haze gathered on Uncle T
Henry's old-fashioned eye-glasses, sand ni
he found it necessary to wipe them ti
with his handkerchief. ce
"Say" lie exclaimed, as though
struck by a sudden idea, "I wonder ar
who made that chromo. If I knew the w
man I'd offer 'im two dollars to make at
me another jest like it. Yes I would," w
he persisted, in answer to an incredau- q
lous glance from his wife. "l't high, I in
reckon, the way pickchers sell nows- TI
days, but I'd be willin' to give it for th
this. I'd like to have it in a nice black ar
walnut frame hung over the organ in is
the parlor." gi
"It's kind of purty, but I don't see no
nothing very wonderful about it," said th
his wife. an
"Course not! You wasn't there. You sh
didn't break no home-ties like I did. Fr
Always lived close to your ma and pa bi]
till they died. But I tell you I know lie
how it feels to leave a good home and ha
the best mother in the world, and go wl
way off where the probability is you'll A ,
never see 'em ag'in. I know how a boy an
feels about then, for I've been through be
the mill. Say, Flora, do you reckon if opi
you was to take paintin' lessons you lop
could do such pickchers as that?" nti
"I reckon so," was the answer. Th
"W\Vell. I'll tell ye what we'll do. is
When we git back home, you may go the
to that paintin' teacher and have 'er ad,
learn you to paint. But if I was you I shi
wouldn't pay no great attention to bre
makin' sunflowers and cat-tails. If IHa
was a painter I'd make somethin' like
that-somethin' common folks like me
can understand and appreciate. I
wouldn't waste two seconds drawin' ud
long-legged storks and posies nobody
never sees growin'. Maybe these are wh
all well enough, and the reason I can't
appreciate 'em is because 1 ain't up on Ice
such things. inut what I do like is a
pickcher like this-somethin' you can lan
look at and study, and feel the better '0o
for doin' it."--\Valter Hall J.ewett. in the
Chicago Graphic.
Crisbhlng the Clerk.
The hotel clerk who is flip may be a
prize package to his employer, because da:
some people love the easy familiarity th
which blooms without cultivation, and
then again, some don't. One of those
who doesn't recently walked up to the i
desk of a hostelry.
"Can you give me a room in this co
house?" he asked, with the airof a man
who wanted the best.
The clerk spricd up at once.
"I couldn't very well give you one out wl
of it," he replied, whirling the register at
around.
i "Vell, 1 guess somebody else can," hi
retorted the visitor, and hie picked up er
i his bag and walked out.-Detroit Free we
SPress.
-A mouse lately showed great pros
Sence of mind on falling into a dlish of pl
cream. It swa\m round and roillmd vi- tc
, lently, until it was able to crawl out
on the butter. This was in America--' ji
Tid-D3its. IJ
Iand MATHEMATICS IN MEDICINE.
ong A D1blous Nrew satem. But the Fee tI AU
aged Rihat.
look He was a doctor of the advanced
>ung school. He laid his finger on my pulse,
rest- and, with his watch in his hand, gave
it a fair start and observed it carefully
all the way around. "Strong, seventy
as four," he said in a moment. Then he
ping consulted a card that was covered with
nger figures and continued: "That equals
ear. sixty-three," and he placed that num
seen er on a slate. "Put out your tongue.
_Good! That is fourteen," he said.
pas "Inches?" I asked.
It "How is your appetite?" he inquired,
iav- ignoring my question.
icre "Equal to the supply."
"That makes two hundred and four."
al- he replied.
uld "Can't you reduce it a little?" I
vas asked, but failed to get his attention.
"Cold f t?"
and "Yesa,' answered.
him "Three," he said.
he "No' two,"'I replied, to correct him.
ac- He set the three under the other
.'ly figures. He then placed a thermometer
ose in my mouth, which he afterward con
ing sulted in connection with the card. "A
tag good one hundred and ninety-eight," he
said.
ost "Impossible!" I suggested, mildly.
He wrote down the one hundred and
r- ninety-eight, and asked if I had head
ad aches.
"Sometimes in the morning after be.
for ing kept late at the office," I answered.
"Four," hlie said. e
he "Isn't that rather low?" I asked.
ive "Do you smoke?" he inquired.
e "Yes." "
ere "Ten." he replied. e
bhe "No; two for ten," I said. t
led IIe put down the ten. ii
om "Do you sleep well?" he asked.
me "That depends upon the baby," I an
a swered.
la "We won't consider that," he said. s'
"You had better call it eight hun.
l]y dred and ninety," I suggested. 0
is lie added together the figures that
to he had placed on the slate. "That n
makes four hundred and ninety-six," n
it lie said.
"Is that the ,amount of the bill?" I st
asked. ti
I "Bill:" he replied. "That is the num
ber of the prescription. I want you to a
know that medicine with nme is no cc
t longer an experiment, for I have re- cl
dluced it to a mathematical certainty. eC
Every 'symptom has its number, and m
,e the sum of these numbers indicates the at
at medicine that is needed. I have worked b,
tfor fifteen years in formulating my at
ill prescriptions and perfecting the treat- ax
er ment, but I have it now. Your bill is
nt ten dollars," st
II I understood that number, and left sit
the office feeling relieved and deeply fe
o impressed by the doctor's learning.- vi
n lHarper's Blaza'r. an
v A TRYING PLACE FOR NERVES. s
`r Some of the Disagreeable Features of Life to
on a Light-Shlp. Ci
11 Talk about rolling and pitching! No nil
n vessel rolls, pitches and plunges like a us,
light-ship. Its anchors hold it firm to w`
r the shock of the waves. There is no th
t yielding. no graceful swaying to the P"
I swelling of the seas. There are days, tot
r- too, when a fierce fog-horn torments
the ear with a noise such as nature in w1l
,ier angriest moods never invented. of
a There is always a glare of light at mc
d night. There is no constant expecta- ac
n tion of reaching port, and life soon be- tal
comes a dreary monotony. by
It in case the light-ship should be cast "W
r adrift, it has been fitted with sails tll
n which will enable it to hold its own in of
storm and stress. The hold is fitted wa
Swith spacious store-roomsand sleeping- wth
quarters, and a machine for compress- edi
I ing the air which blows tile fog-horn. tiol
These fog-horns are vwhat are known in wel
r this country as "siren" whistles. They am
are called sirens probably because that wa
is what they least resemble. They be- Ihal
gin their noise vith a very thin high -
note that ,distresses the ear. Then ant
I they descend to the low note, and up mIna
and down in rapid succession the are
shrieking demonlike noises race. One mai
French writer has said that the possi- beg
bilities of this fog-horn are such that -al
lhe wonders that some music-leader rou
has not introduced it in the orchestra of
when the WVagner operas are played. poll
A compressed-air trumpet, he thinks- be I
and it is just possible that there may stmi
be a little national prejudice in his con
opinion-would go well with mytho- whi
logical rcharacters and dragons and taki
unearthly storms and noises. at
The writer says the fog-horn lane
is simply a "terrible instrument," and med
therefore in time the Wagnerians must the
adopt it. A big bell is placed on the in co
ship for use in case the fog-horn should king
break down or scare itself useless.- emp
Harper's Young People. mar
Valid Objection. in c
"Have you any attorney?" asked the
judge.
"No, y'r honor." replied'the prisoner, It
who was on trial for stealing a hog., rag
"Then the court will appoint Ir. day.
Kersharp to defend you." sell
"I'd ruther you'd 'pint some other mea
lawyer. jedge, of it's all thie same to knig
-on," rejoined the prisoner, drawing thej
the sleeve of his coat across his nose, prof
"Mr. K'sharp an' mrue knows each other and
a leetle too well."-Chicago Tribune. thir
A Hint to HubsInds. ld
Gus De Smith-Yon say you write and
dunning letters to yourself and sign indu
them with tictitious names. What do tion
you do that for? one
Pete Amsterdam-You see my wife ty-fi
is alwhays after me for money, and wall
when she reads those letters she be- aftem
comes discouraged.--Tl'exas Siftings. tons.
About All It's For.
Mr. Newrich-Land sakes, Mandy. "E
Swhat you got so many knives an' forks
at each plate fer? ng
Mrs. NeSwrich--l'm sure I don't know, nae
hit. that'a the way that new man fixed
" em. I s'pose likely it.s jus' to show anl
u we've got em.-N . Y. Weekly. to
Thie vronLg PrReriptiA. D.
- The Plhysicinn-Your system is comrn- "
Spiletely run down. 'lnWhat you need is a "V
Slong vacation. spent in the country. plait
t Patient--Good heavens, doctor! that's "P
just where I ha;ve been all summer.- "I
J udge. ed.
I. i SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
I·A -Harvard university has established
I'he highest meteorological station in
aed tlL world on the CordiHlras in Peru.
1se, lord Overtoun, who was recently
ave elevated to the house of peers, still
'lly continues his evangeli tic work. lie
tty. has been elected presidt of the Glas
he gow (Scotland) United Young Men's
Christian associations.
als -After being refused comthunion by
m- a church in Columbia, because she
ue. worked three hours ever Sunday as aI
telephone girl, a decision that was up
. held by the Charleston presbytery,
ad, Miss Sadie dleans has won an appeal
to the South Carolina synod, which de
,, cides in her favor by a vote of 63 to 40.
' -The Baptists of England will add
100 to their army of missionaries now
at work among the heathen. This is
n made possible by the $600,000 fund
gathered during the "centennial year."
A deputation of leading 4n is now visit
ing the Baptist churches of England
to sound a call through them for the
er men and women for missionaries.- I
Christian at Work.
on
nA -In the South Pacific islands it is
he believed that the spirits of the dead
rule and protect the living. That mys
terious power "Mana" abides with the f
ad soul after death and he who has been a
d- powerful in life will be powerful in 1
spirit. This spirit is equally inclined
to be malevolent and beneficent and
-e. against others its aid is invoked for I
every kind of hatred and injury.
-Rev. John C. F'aville, at the
World's Evangelical congress in Chi
cago, stated that lie had increased his
evening congregation from 100 to more
than 700, revived interest in the morn
ing service and given new life to the
whole chureh organization, by follow- 3
. ing four rules, viz: (1) good church 0
music; (2) printed programmes of the
service: (3) good ushers and a bright c
n reception committee; (4) a short sermon c
of from 15 to 20 minutes.
it -In Syria and Palestine there are h
t now nine thousand and eighty-one girls
under Protestant instruction, and there
are thousands in the (Greek and papal s1
I schools. The effect of female educa- n
tion, prosecuted for so many years, has
Sbeen a palpable change in the status
o and dignity of woman. The light and
comfort, the moral and intellectual
elevation which have resulted are plain h
even to the casual observer. Tile
d mother is becoming the primary in
e structor of the children at home, and di
d by precept and example their moral te
v and religious guide.-Church at Home w
and Abroad. t
s -Rev. I). II.' L. Wayland tells this fe
story on himself: "On a recent occa- hi
t sion the RIambler, according to his «
9 feeble light, preached the Gospel in a of
village which is enriched, illuminated, p
and sanctified by the presence of a he
school of prophets. 1Vith such capacity iv
| as he was possessed of lie endeavored hi
to preach to tihe people about God.
Christ, the immnortal soul, and the eter- wi
nity that spreads around and beyond it
us. A- local paper of the following on
,week, wishing to do the handsome ic
thing, stated that the pulpit was occu
pied by So-and-So, and added "The doe- at
tor's remarks were very entertainining.'" wl
,-The chief mosque of I)Damascus, hi:
which was destroyed by fire on the 14th he
of last muonth, was one of the most fa- qu
mous and interesting in the east. On a t
a commanding site, its great dome andt
tall minarets were the first obljects seen pit
by travelers to the oldest city in the lin
world. The mosque was built more shi
than a thousand years aro on the site liti
of an early Christian chn.ch, the old he
walls and many of the columns of In
which were permitted to remain. The hin
edifice was an object of great venera- doi
tion by the Mussulmans, for about it not
were clustered many sacred traditions, pul
among which was one that within its pas
walls rested the head of John the acr
Baptist.-Philadelphia Ledger. 'I
-There are probably one hundred late
and fifty schools for cooking in Ger- by
many and Austria, the best of which doe
are at Vienna. Berlin and Lcipsic. A wal
man who wishes to become a chef must hid
begin at the very bottom of the ladder !
-at peeling potatoes-and work up, a r
round by round, to the top. A course ove
of schooling as strict as that of any hin,
polytechnic school in this country must ligl
be followed for four years before th :"
student can get a diploma. Every year
competitive examinations are given, in 1y
which as many as two hundred chef: tihe
take part. The chef who was employed
at the White House by Grover Cleve- am
land during his first term ihas a gol "
medal which was presented to him by then
the Empress Frederick for excellence crom
in cooking, a silver medal given by the
king of Saxony, a diploma from the spo
empress of Austria, and numerous other
marks of approbation and honor won Jos4
in competitive contests in cooking. tifu
thai
Fortuane, from taga. eye.
It is astonishing what immense sums IiH
ragpickers receive in the course of a ing ~.
day. The combings of women's hair le a
sell at eighty cents a pound: this
means three hundred dollars to the
knights of the hook. "-Serinos." as wh
they are called, are another source of was
profit. They are the scraps of tailors ligh
and dress-makers and bring about shr
thirty-six thousand dollars a year. turn
Old bones bring about one hundred th 1
tlhousand dollars a yeam-. Papers. corks upon
and crusts of bread all go to different was
industries and bring large sums. Elec
tion bulletins, which to the number of Th
one million three hundred and twen- won
ty-five thousand are posted on the um
walls of l'arns. are also much sought snumat
after elections for the making of but- plyimt
tons.-Chicagffo New-s.p
wate
Professionil meirn. stre
"Did you hear about Blaggins' shoot- bhat
ng excursion?" said one member of the men.
national guard to another. sulin
"'You don't mean to say an amateur and t
markaman like Blaggins had the nerve islani
to go hunting?" ally
"Yea." the
"Hit anything?" head:
"Yes. lie got se-n birds." erm of
"Well. There's only one way to ex'
plain it." -
"'Hlow's that?" jill
"'He didn't know the gun was load. "i.or
ed."-Washington Stwr. nOt te
MEXICAN JOE'S WIFE.
fshed She Found the Terrible Courage to RIll
in in Her Husband.
ru. Mexican Joe was the most notorious
cattle-stealer in the whole walley and
irtly the wonder was tl., his handsome
still brown neck had esca ed the halter.
lie But times had changed in Texas since
Ls- the days when justice was administered
tens summarily and to the point-usually a
rope's point. So about the little cabin
nby across the creek, where Joe and Ninita
she kept house, there was always hanging
as a strings of meat for the sun to dry.
up- BIut Joe had always ready a way of
Lery, explaining his possession of the meat
peal strings and the hides and tallow which
de- kept him in whisky and tobacco, and
0 40. the droves that he depleted by his care
add ful depredations were so far away that
now there was no means of tracing his
is is roguery.
ud linut, of course, a day of reckoning
ar." did come for Joe, as it comes for us all
isit- sooner or later, though it was not hit
and cattle-stealing that brought it about. -
the One day during the summer a man
s.- had been found murdered on the other
side of Flat Top, and the most earnest
it is effort resulted in the discovery of no
Lead clew to the gui.ty party. The district
ays- attorney was a new man, a tall young
the fe low, who set his wide-brimmed hal
een a little jauntily a-top of his over-long
1 in locks, but the evil-doers knew him for
ned a "hustler," nevertheless. Nobody
and was surprised therefore when, the fol
for lowing winter, the murdered man's
watch and knife were found in pawn
the at the second-hand store on the corner,
'hi- and Mexican Joe was arrested.
his The trial created a great stir in quiet
ore little Lampasas, and the courthouse
.rn- was crosvded with spectators. Ttere
the was some difficulty in impaneling a
,w. jury, and the case began to draw itseli
rch out, but the interest did not waver.
the The only listless figure in the whole
-ht crowd was Ninita. 1Never once, as the
ion case dragged, and witness after wit
ness rose for testimony, did she turn
her big, beautiful eyes toward the
prisoner's box. With the shawl still
pinned up about her pretty brown
cia skinned face, she sat not moving, save 1
now and then to dispense the lIttle
Ca- shuck-rolls from her basket to the hun
gry people about her, slipping the
Ls nickels carefully into her bosom. When
ad adjournment came she would swing
her basket over her arm, and, moving 1
'in with the crowd, call out "Hot tamales!"
in- with sweet-voiced indifterence.
fil n- ut finally the last day came. The
ril district attorney made a strong case, i
telling off a string of Joe's evil deeds,
one which were, as lie said, "too numerous
to mention." The attorney for the de
his fense, a young fellow whom the court
7a- had appointedc did the best he could
his with the material in hand. At the end
aof his flowery speech he made an ap
'd, peal in behalf of Ninita, pointing to
a her with a mighty flourish of his long
tY arm, and calling her a "poor, heart- a
el broken wife."
Id. But she, the "poor, heartbroken
r- wife," sat dry-eyed and stolid through .
nd it all, and the solemn-looking jury filed
9 out to return almost immediately with
lie a verdict of guilty. e,
u- Then, and not till then, Ninita looked b
Ic- at .loe, and a glance that puzzled those b,
who saw it, flashed back at her from is
s, his great dark eyes. It might have ti
th been a challenge; it might have been a fif
a- question: was it a command, or was it tl
in a farewell? sc
id She got up when all was over, slip-' e
ant ping out through the crowd, but tc
e lingercrd in the square without till the tr
re sheriff came leading the prisoner to the* bi
te little stone jail across the way, whence 'ed
li he was to be taken next day to Austin. i
if In a little while Joe's face was seen be- 1,I
ie hind the bars in one of the upper win- ft
- dows, but Ninita seemed scarce to af
it notice him. WVithout speaking she or
s, pulled her shawl close around her and th
s passed quickly down the street and is
e across the bridge. fo
That night a typesetter going home si
1 late from the office saw a woman flit 1
by him in the moonlight and crouch ar
h down in the shadows of the prison's in
wall. lie, too, crossed over and waited,
t hidden by the darkness. vs
r By and by the crouching figure arose, I
a pebble rattled against the window fie
overhead, and Joe's face appeared be- th
v hind the bars, all lit up in the moon- fe
Slight. th
S "Is it you, Ninita?" lie said. th
"It is I, my .ose,"' she answered soft- hh
ly, in her sweet-voiced Spanish. "Is
there no other way?" im
"No other way," he said, quietly. "I yo
. la ready.'
I "Holy mother of God intercede for ys
thee and me," she prayed, kneeling and str
crossing herself.
"Amen," came Joe's deep-voiced re- ou
spon se.
"Pull yourself up by the bars, my ta
Jose, that I may not touch your beau
tiful face, and close your beautiful lids co
that I may not look into your dear
eyes." see
lie did as she had bidden him, hold
ing on to the stout bars. "I am ready, 1
he said.
"Adios, my Jose." net
"Adios, my Ninita." not
She put her hand to her bosom, there a
was a little gleamof steel in the mnoon
light, a pistol shot rang out clear and pre
sharp on the night air, and the woman
turned and fled into the darkness. •
The released hands loosed hold of c
the bars above, there was a heavy fall ad
upon the floor within and Mexican Joe cen
was frce.-Philadelphia Times cha
inel
Amazonian Women.
The Sudees are a band of Africanof
womnen who have gone to India in great he
numbers, and have found employment She
as stokers and sailors on tile steam rs
plying locally in the East Indian
waters. They are noted for their
strength and also for their turbulence,
but they do with apparent ease work
that often is too much for the hardiest
men. They are veritable Amazons and to A
submnit themselves to Queen Sophiacut
and to her only. In the West Indian sam
islands the coaling of steamers is usu- chu
ally done by black women, who carry
the coals in gi eat baskets on their Hi
heads up the steep planks to the bunk- mom
era of the ship.-St. Louis Republic. the3
-N'oanll-' don't believe that girl Jo
will ever learn to waltz." Saymnch- .
"\,irsethan that-she vill never lear the
out to att&'mpt it."-Vogu.
A t WIFE'S MOMENT OF TRIUMPH.
a Kill Psterfamllas Takes Their IBey OR Her
iu I Hrad for Jaust One Day.
and A Chicago wife and mother had a
Isome proud qtment the other day. It was
alter. the seqel to many humiliating occa
since sions when her husband had remon
tered strated with her concerning their in
ily a fant son James. Every mother will
abin ecognize the conversatioms which took
place at these times.
inita "Mary," her husband would say,
igiug glancing up from his paper, "you
shouldn't put Jimmie off in that way.
m Ot You ought to answer all his questions.
hich You musn't say 'I don't- know.' It
ought not to seem too much trouble to
care- plain to him the things he asks
care- about."
"t mYes, Alfred," Mary would say
hi meekly.
Having been at home all day during
miug the entire four years of the infant's ex- 1
is all istence, while her husband had seen 1
b hh the child only for an hour now and
ut. then of an evening, Mary felt that
ms much might be said on the question,
the but she refrained. -Now, it came to
nest pass that one day not long ago Alfred t
f no announced condescendingly that he I
was going to take a day off and escort
sung Mary and Jimmie to the fair. He felt I
i hal that he was doing a 'prodigious thing, I
long and he showed what he felt. Mary i
was properly impressed. Jimmie, too, I
ol sevinced much joy. That morning Mary I
said to her husband: I
n "Now, Alfred, I'm just going to turn a
awn Jimmie over to you to-day. You an
nerswer his questions and explain things
to him."
Luici "All right!" exclaimed Alfred .glow- t
ouse ing with conscious virtue.
tere They were going down to the grounds a
ig a on the "whaleback" steamer, and for a
nell five minutes or so after starting Jim- .
mie sat perfectly still, petrified r
hole by the new experience. Alfred t
e was aggressively complacent. He d
wit said that Jimmie was a model t
urn of grood behavior; no trouble at a
t all. Never saw such a quiet child; it 3
couldn't be any task at all to take care
wne of him every day and all day. Mary
as bided her time. So did Jimmie, but
not for long. Very soon, he said in t
Lunt his infantile drawl, and with a man- f,
t ner that was childlike and bland:
hen "Papa, if we should meet a whale, a
lag how would. the ivhale know that this ,
'ng boat wasn't another whale?" ii
es! Alfred looked blank.
The "Why-er--why--'" A pause. "''hy s
-why." then brightening up. "Oh, ii
se, he'd see the smokestack on the back tl
of this whale, don't you know? That's
ons it. He'd see the smokestack." e
e- Jimmie waited a minute. Then-
l k e"'Papa," he said, "how would the sI
nd whale know that it didn't have a ri
smokestack on its own back?" I
"ap- Alfred hasn't answered that question a
to yet, and Mary has received no further th
tg advice on bringing up Jimmie.-NT. Y.
ir- Sun.
ten A WASTEFUL ECONOMY. C
gh The Low-Priced Service of Dilary Homnes
led an Extravagant Item.
ith The first and greatest of wasteful
economies is low-priced service. There- or
;ed by you waste not merely your substance m;
use but yourself. The woman whose mind ca
)m is made up that she "will not pay more dr
ve than twelve dollars a month," usually th
a finds life a long procession of "girls" in
it the rough, who each wing away as
I soon as drilled into some semblance of
P' efficiency. No doubt it is irritating not gr
'ut to reap where you have sown in pu
he troublous tears, but stop and think a
he bit. You were not wholly disinterest- da
ce ed. You taught and trained, wrested da
n. with ignorance, fought and overcame e
- sloven ways, not as a missionary, but
tfor your own sake. in the hope that hot
after awhile you might sit at ease amid the
le orderly comfort. What though it is
id through your effort that your servant cos
id is more valuable, recognize that com- op
fort and peace of mind are mighty
Re sufficient returns on the investment, fo
and do not grudge her a few dol- fro
h lars more. Honesty, capacity, trained A
s intelligence have *a distinct market
d, value. At the highest rate they come old
much cheaper than doctor's bills or
e, months of running away from the t
v fiend nervous prostration. Reflect, too
B' that by not paying you are sole suf- tha
a- ferer. Plenty of other people will. To its
the girl it is merely a change of homes.
She would be something more than Tho
- human if she did not feel and obey the ih,
is impulse to better her condition. Put
yourself in her place and see if you
would be willing to work for less than you
you could get by merely crossing the ing
Sstreet. boa
In the other case of a girl who never the
outgrows the twelve-dollar stage it is
safe to say she is dear at any price. aroo
1'hem at last 'she grows intolerable aev
Y take stock of her reign. Count the Rob
- cost of her in moth and rust and sloth,
r in wear and tear and breakage. and
see if beside it higher wages do not
Ssink out of' sight. Take account also
of nervous strain, of family jars and greo
bickerings whose root was in the to
nether household regions, and it will far.
not need the bills of butcher and baker
and candlestick-maker to convince you hel
that your cheap servant cost you a ours
Spretty penny.-Harper's Bazar. we
3-The will of MLrs. Anna E. Brown, fosts
widow of Charles Brown, which was ha
I admitted to probate in Quincy, 111., re- f
cently, bequeaths 8300,000 to public Alse
charities. Her four nearest relatives, ceiv
including her father, receive legacies us,
of 31,000 each. She gives 655,000 and ha
her house and furniture in Quincy for an
ahome for the aged poor of the city, tO
She gives 825,000 to the Illinois Humane
Society; 65,000 to the industrial school E
for girls in Evanston, Ill.; 65,000 to the
WVoodland Home for Orphans in Quiney; qbiti
$5,000 and her diamonds to the Quiticy uvith
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty tretl
to Animals;L5,o000 each to the Connect- we ft
icut and the Louisiana branches of the e si
same society, and 65,000 to the Mass.- the
ehuaetts branch. ness
The Olly Test. to ot'
Hardupp-I tried to sell those dia- and
monds I bought of y -u, and was told we a
they were not genuine.' way
Jeweler--Did you sell them? evita
"Yes, for almost nothing." the o
"Well, you go back and try to buy shoal
them, and you will find out that they dary
ireuhz.." . "I, y WeI~ . Oma
PH. HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
Her -Beet Salad: Slice cold boiled beets
and mix with them a dressing made of
A *a a teacupful of acid cream, a teaspoon
was ful each of salt and sugar, and three
me&- tablespoopfuls of vinegar.-Farm, Field
ion- and Fireside.
--Quince Honey: Three quinces; cut
wll up with skins on, and boil until tender,
then press through a strainer. Add
one and one-half pints of water, three
and three-quarter cupfuls of white sn
gar, and boil fifteen minutes. It will
be a light pink color.--Good House
1 keeping. -
e to -Oyster Sausages: Chop a pint of
osks oysters with one-quarter pound each of
veal and suet. Mlix with an equal
say amount of bread crnmls, pound all in
a mortar, and add two beaten eggs and
-ing salt and pepper to taste. Mould into
ex- balls or flat cakes, roll in eggs, then in
een bread crumbs or cracker dust and fry
and to a nice brown in hot fat, like dough
hat nuts.-Orange Judd Farmer.
ion, -Cornstarch Pudding: One quart of
to milk, four eggs, four tablespoonfuls of
red sugar, one tablespoonful cornstarch.
he Beat yolks, sugar and flour together.
ort Boil the milk and pour on the custard,
elt put on the stove and stir constantly
ng, until thick as soft custard, then pour
ary into a dish. Beat the whites to a froth,
mo, with four tablespoonfuls of sugar, flavor
ary with vanilla, put on the custard and
place in the oven a few minutes.-Farm
rn and Fireside.
an- -Cranberry Sauce: Boil cranberries
rigs without sugar; when cool pass them
through a colander. This removes the
3w- tough. indigestible skins, and the sauce
becomes a smooth mass. Add sugar
rds and again heat. My brother-in-law
for always likes cranberry sauce served
Em- with fried liver, and eaten as a sort of
led relish. The sauce must be cold, very
red thick, and not quite as sweet as for or
He dinary sauce eaten with bread and but
tel ter. Cranberries keep fairly well spread
at out thinly in a cool place.-Rural New
it Yorker.
Ire -Milk Bread: One quart of milk
cry scalded and cooled, two tablespoonfuls
)ut of butter, melted in the hot milk, one
in tablespoonful of sugar, one teaspoon.
Ln- ful of salt, one compressed yeast cake,
twelve or fourteen cups of flour. Mess
le* ure the milk after scalding and put it
is into the mixing bowl; add the butter,
sugar and salt. When cool, add the
yeast, dissolved in a little lukewarm
by water, and then stir in the flour, adding
)h, it gradually, after eleven cups are in.
ck that it may not be too stiff, use just
's enough to knead it. Knead until
smooth and elastic. Cover, let it rise
tilllight, cut it down, divide into parts,
shape into loaves or biscuit. Let it
a rise again in the pans. Bake forty or
fifty minutes. Dainty little loaves for
in a small family can be made by baking
er the bread in empty baking powder
} boxes.-Bioston Budget.
COMFORT IN THE NURSERY.
e A Suggestion for Furnishing the Childrm's'
Speelal Room.
ai A bamboo screen with silk curtains,
e- or better still, thobe of some washable
'0 material, is a most useful adjunct. It
Id can be used to shield the crib from a
e draught, to screen a corner, or shut off
y the washstand when it is in use.
If the nursery is far from the kitchen
Ls a small refrigerator will be found a
great convenience. Tin ones can be
t purchased for about three dollars that
a answer the purpose admirably. There
a is room for the supply of milk for the
day, beside the ice, and they are easily
kept in perfect order.
0 If the baby is fed on artificial food
some means should be provided for
t heating it: an alcohol lamp, a con
trivance to fit on the gas burner, or a
covered saucepan alone, if there is #s
open fire.
No nursery should be without a ther
mometer, and when ,it varies much
from sixty-eight degrees the source of
heat must be attended to.
A clock is alvays interesting and
amusing to children, and as they grow
older is useful in teaching them to tell
tiime.
0 Beside a eloset for the playthings
that are owned and used in common,
each child should have a receptacle for
its own peculiar treasures, which it
should he required to keep in order.
The topof the chiffonier is a good lodg
ing place for the fragile belongings
whose destruction by the heedless
younger ones is always to heart-break
ing to the careful owner. A low cup
board, divided into compartments, is
the best if it can be had. A small.
bookcase must not be forgotten, with
room for the toy books of the babies,
as well as for the books of the other
members of the nursery.-Elizabeth
Robinson, in Ladies' Home Journal.
Within the Boundary Line.
I'nselfishness, it has been said, is the
greatest virtue of all, yet it is possible
to carry even this amiable quality too
far. It would seem that nothing but
good could result from our efforts to
help others, and we cheerfully deny
ourselves pleasures and luxuries that
we may minister to our fellows. Too
late we find that when we have not
fostered shiftlessness and laziness we
have produced the bitter sense of loss
of independence and thanklessness.
Also we can be so loyal that we de
ceive and lead astray those who trust
us, and suddenly find we have been
harboring a wrong-doer and shielding
an evil. We have allowed loyalty
to crowd out our judgment and
to blind our sense of justlee.
Every virtue has its limits. Trth
fulness is of priceless value but it ia .
qb;ite possible to become me imbued
wvith pride in our ability to speak the
truth, in season and out of seasob, that
we forget entirely that though speech "
be silver, silence is golden. We speak
the truth with such vigor and inrp~ -
ness that we lose all sight of that Op,
sideration which we are bound tedoin
to others' feelings. WVe be.om
and mighty in our truthfulaels
weare positively brutal. I thl'eia
way, pride ia our especial w
evitably produces an oppositeu~t
the one aimed at,. Even our good
should be kept. well within the
dary line and modified by ha4 -
mon emewe-WSINry 5slis~