" fS '
; PsR. z5, r89j6. 0
SsslauIs atur. i .
So e hereby. authorized to an- a
S-.a :easidag for the House of L
t electian of 89g6. My
ol-the Democratic white pnr- at
resphetfully,
G. W. ScaOrTro.w. t
MOCRATIC TICKET. th
STATE OFeaICZR M
Governor: m
MURPHY J. FOSTER, or
t;,,..Of St. Mary. H
Lieutenant Governor mi
ROBT. S. SNYDER, l
Of Tenses. th
Secretary of Stater
JOHN T. MICHEL, e
Of Orleans.
, O :State Treasurer:
A. V. FOURNET, on
Ot. St. Martin. Wa
State Auditor: sua
W. W. HEARD, tut
Of Union. adi
Attorney General:
M. J. CUNNIN.GHAM, ur
Of Natchitoches tiol
Saperintendent of Public Education: me
PROF. J. V. CALHOUN, mi
Of Orleans. over
DISTRICT OFICERBS: Can
', ' hJudge: i
JULIAN MOUTON. ture
District Attorney: par
MINOS T. GORDY. stat
PAEZSH OFFICERS:
. , Wparl
Representative: obli
3,_J. O. BROUSSARD. obli
Clerk of Court: ame
E. G. VOORHIES. the :
Sheriff: mou
I. A. BROUSSARD. . ural
Coroner: viol
Da. A. R. TRAIJAN. woul
WARD OFFICERS. Crat
First Ward-Police Juror, Alonzo Lacey; pat
Justice of the Peace, Conrad Brandt; Con- man,
stable, Alex Chiasson.
' Sicond Ward-Police Juror, Jasper Spell; to re
ustice of the Peace, Preston Hoffpanir; How
Constable, Andrew Cummings.
Third Ward-Police Juror, Alfred Hebert; persc
Justices of the Peacq, T. A. McFaddin, J. disfr:
C. Martin; Constables, L. Hirsch, Thomas IOf sel
Mouton.
Fourth Ward-Police Juror, Octave Ther- says
tot, justices of the Peace, L. A. LeBlanc, J. force
R. Domeageaux; Constables, Napoleon Me
lancon, Philias Bondreaux. ically
Fifth Ward-Police Juror, M. Billaud, Jr.; to do
Justice of the Peace, Sidney Greig; Con
stable, Alcide LeBlanc. Mr
Sixth Ward-Police Juror, C. C. Brown; and
justices of the Peace, Frank Abadie, O. P.
. t lbeaux; Constables, Samonette Breaux, that c
Anatole Cornier. b
'.'Seventh Ward-Police Juror, R. C. Lan
dry; Justice of the Peace, Alex Meaux; Gov.
Constable, Euistache Comeau. ra m
Eighth Ward-Police Juror, John Whit- evde
e'tgton, Jr.; Justice of the Peace, Charles knowl
Breaux; Constable, Numa Breaux. tains
.AfR. FLANDERS AGAIN. is not
YOUNGSVILLE, La., Feb. 5, r896. either,
Ma. EDIrro:-An absence of a few days solicit
from home has prevented my making an ac- that i
knowledgment of your reply to my letter of
the 22nd of January, in which I ask you to look b
state your position on the suffrage amend iana
You came down off of the fence rapidly those
and struck bottom squarely just as I hoped era wh
You seem. however, to have thought it moths
necessary to give me a lesson in the history the w
of the Democratic party and in so doing you
evade the question of party fealty. If I State I
-mistake not you have often stated it as your We ca
opinion that a true Democrat will abide by
the action of his party. Therefore, as this pride a
suffrage amendment is a Democratic measure
alt true Democrats should support it. cratic
You say that "it should be remembered fortuna
that theirst Democratic governor of Louis- tie g
.ana, Alex Mouton, a native of this par
ish, was elected on the platform of universal that da
suffrage."
It is not surprising that your knowledge of lican
history goes back no further than the elp'c- charact
tion of Gov. Mouton, but you should be care
ful to state facts even if by so doing you to Whic
slight family tradition. adhereo
Is not Thomas Jefferson claimed by Diemo
erats as the father of their party? Did he That
not appoint as governor of Louisiana, W. C. any virl
C. Claiborne, in 18047
And was not W. C. C. Clarborne elected We are
oranetor sn r8s by the Democratic-Repub- able to
I sl ancestors of the present DemocraticP
Is it not a fact that the Democratic party we do n
that elected Cliborne, framed and carried
through a constitution for the State by which and dis'
And did not that Democratic constitution say to I
Was not the constitut onal convention of be sure
Swhich removed the property qualifica
S("ancestors of the Republican party"), the awful st
e po neeve of the Democrats? ur ,
: a concd ion, I wish to states that I am coon cot
y aware of my ignoranc, es pecially ion r
Sto Democratic virtues. To you, ho ".
ever, I tura for enlightenment.
Respectfully, L
Basrj. F. FLANDoas, Ja. Pursuani
If Mr. Flanders believes that we Executive
listended to give him a lesson in his- present:ou
ibry he is in error, as we do not Guilbean,
Sto be an historian. To prove were reyre
. t W. C, C. Claiborne was a Dem- mier proxy
esays that 1 homas efferson o u 
ted him governor of Louis- Upon m
That Jeffersonappointed him unanimou
r does not necessarily es- Resolved
1 fact that Claiborne was opnaFrid ae
ocaat. Did not Cleveland and at sai
t Gresharp secretary of state? tin tH ed,
to the United States I c cand
-- utc and
_ our Was Gresham ats a l,tP
iS''~ 4f.ps . aui~t :~ solAC.
,: ::.' C*p . Cla bornemay have
imn  a -Beimocrat, brwevr1 but the
fact of ia appointaent by J erson
ltlt, | Is not proof that, e was. " we
as scond mistake not it was in 1792 thajt Mr.
Jefferson withdrew from the cabinet
p6. of Washington and laid the founda
tion of the Democratic party.
Hence, the conclusion is evident
s895. that in 1804, when Claiborne was
d to an- appointed governor, party lines in
'w. Louisiana must have barely existed,
rhite p- as it was in that r ear that
arro. the first territorsial legislature met,
nor is it reasonable to suppose that
ET the parties were organized in x82s,
when the constitution was adopted.
Mr. Flanders may-think that he has
made .a startling discovery, but in a
our humble opinion he is mistaken. t
He is simply talking through his t
millinery when he attempts to en
lighten the present generation upon a
the political complexion of the con- is
vention of 181s. a
It is known to everyone that the I
first Democratic governor elected
on the issue of universal suffrage tl
was Alex Mouton; that universal p
suffrage was embodied in the consti- w
tution of x845 under a Democratic T
administration. Whether Whigs fig
ured in the constitutional conven- ti
tion of that year or not, as a party pi
measure, under a Democratic ad- at
ministration, the principle of uni- w
versal suffrage was adopted and be- o0
came a priciple of the party. lit
Mr. Flanders desires, also, to lec- so
ture the editor of this paper on m<
party fealty. It is true that we have to
stated heretofore, and repeat it now, cr
that a Democrat should support pu
party nominees, but that does not foi
obligate us to support the suffrage de
amendment. It is established that
the right of self-preservation is para- t
mount in social, political and nat- bu
ural law. No one can be bound to be,
violate that universal law. Such dec
would be the case if every Demo
crat were bound by the suffrage
platform. It is well known that mit
Con- many Democrats do not know how as
spelt; to read and are not assessed at $2oo. put
sair; How can a party make any of these sae
bert; persons vote for a law which would litti
, J. disfranchise themselves? The right hav
>mas of self-preservation asserts itself and lica
her- says to the party, "you can not othe
force us to destroy ourselves polit- not
ically." The attempt of any party ful
i c. y t h e
Jr.; to do that can bind no one. of v
Mr. Flanders tries to be sarcastic felic
and says that he is not surprised to b
Lux, that our "knowledge of history goes to ti
an- back no further than the election of idea
LuI; Gov. Mouton." The gentleman has pror
hit- evidently as poor an estimate of our who
rles knowledge of history as he enter- mak
_ tains of our Democracy, but as he vena
is not a recognized authority on asteu
either, his opinion is entirely un- mon
ays solicited. However, we will say presi
ac- that it is a pity that we can not usinj
to look back over the history of Louis- cepti
id. iana without eliminating from itout t
sly those pages which tell of that dark publi
ed era when the Kelloggs and the War- but e
it moths and their negro allies robbed been
ry the white people and disgraced the chase
I State by their shameful plunders. cans
We can afford to look back with the b
its pride at the history of the Demo- of mc
re cratic party in this State, but un- to pu
d fortunately when casting a retrospec- useles
b tive glance we are confronted with thems
al that dark period of negro-Repub- Even
lican misrule and robbery which sure
characterized the reign of the party leader
to which Mr. Flanders is a zealous is as 1
adherent. Conve
S That the gentleman can not see So
. any virtues in the Democratic party Reput
we are not to blamne; but if he is faith,
able to detect any virtues in the arty
Populite-Sugar-teat -negro combine mob,
we do not wish to intrude upon him at the
and disuurb his sweet dreams and Its pol
Shappy visions. No on
Speaking about fences, we will siseg.
say to Mr. Flanders that if we were A i
a Louisiana Republican we would situati
be sure to climb a fence that would se
reach the very clouds, where the Dse o
awful stench of Radicalism would su
never reach and where the fetid down
coon could never ascend. abuse
Exeenutive Committee. have be
LAFAYETTE, LA., Feb. 13, 5896. cult fo
Pursuant to call, the Democratic Parish
Executive Commite of this parish met athe Republ
Court-house with the following members tion to
present: John Hahn, Chairman; A. C change.
Guilbeaun, Paul L. DeClouet, J. A. Labbe, ond D
P. A. Delbomme; the following members ancot
were reyresented by proxies: Simeon Cor
mier proxy to P. A. Delhomme, A. Olivier space o
proxy to J. A. Labbc; H. Theall proxy to n this
A. C. Guilbeau, H. 1-)urio to Tohn Hahn. in St. J
Upon motion of Mr. J. A. Labbe and third t
duly seconded the following resolution wasth
unanimously adopted: 2th.
Resolved, That the Democrats of this make f
parish meet at the Court-honse of this pariah Second
on Friday, Feb. 21, 1896 at I o'clock p. m.; bilit
and at said mass meeting that they elect
delegates directly to the Senatorial conven- to put
tio called at New Iberia, La., on Saturday, fresh bc
Feb. 12, 1896, to place in the field a Demo
cratic candidate for Senator, and that .the Why si
delegates present at said convention vote as Gripp
auiLt and cast the eight votes of this parish, cure you i
itesolvad further; that tie ehairman .and
3JO1(1 HAHN, Chairman. Guar ante
A. -C.GI,'USIr, wr,-, .ecrear ,." and Moss
aay have Tfs r1Deocrmat.
.but the h oeWhe of the.3ate Republican
erson ventions was Mild in this city
James Wilkinaj, who, by the
.was n bt: a melber of that con
that Mr. vention, expressed- regret that thei
cabinet white people of New O0 leans could
founda- not get around to Odd Fellows' Hall
and have a look at its session. We
regretted this. even more than he,
evident feeling sure that a single glance, or
rme was even less than a glance-a mere -lis
lines in tening to the roar and tumult which
existed, prevailed in the hall-would have
r that thoroughly disallusioned all those
.who. believe in the possibility of a
re met, decent Republican party in Louis
)se that iana, where the rank and file of the
1 812, voters are negroes.
iopted. Very few whites, however, ven
he has tured there, as was only natural, for
the convention was offensive in more
but in ways than one. But we believe that r
staken. the events that have occurred since
igh his the meeting have had the same good s
to en- effects in setting at rest all doubts s
among the white voters as to the re
n upon cessity of crushing out of existence
te con- in -Louisiana the Republican party, a
as a visit to the convention would f'
bat the have done. t,
:lected It was natural to suppose that in h
a contest like the present one, when tc
ufrage the Republican party is putting on a
iversal pretense of decency, its members L
consti- would be on their good behavior. P
acratic The sugar planters and Populists iu
have been pushed to the front to s
give a respectable cast to the fusion sp
nven- ticket, and all the regulars were ex- T
party pected to do was to remain as quiet u'
c ad. as possible, to behave themselves as he
w uni- well as they could and to avoid any a
id be- open scandal. pC
They have failed. The Reputb- Pe
lican scandals since then have been of
o lec- so offensive that the most stalwart of
r on members of that party, men known ten
have to be not over-nice in political nab
crookedness, have declared their in- to
flow, tention to drop out of- politics-Re- pul
pport publican politics in Louisiana is too COo
s not foul for them to touch without being as
Ffrage defiled.
that We imagine that the Republicans the
have been on their good behavior; as
para- that they have done their very best- ho
nat- but we can now see what their very of a
id to best is, and what is their idea of of I
Such decency. bee
emo- Ever since the regulars opened no
Fra their campaign it has been one long won
scandal and disgrace. Political succ
that misfortune has not improved them, dow
how as it sometimes does; but the Re- L
zoo. publican party of Louisiana is the for,
:hese same old party as it was in x872 be a
ould and 1876-perhaps a little worse, a at
little viler and more degraded. We kno,
sight have but to read what the Repub- well
and lican leaders have to say of each appl
not other to know not only that we must easy
olit- not trust them with power, but to yet r
fully realize the danger of allowing one
arty the franchise to remain in the hands be.
of voters so utterly corrupt as their Mr.
stic fellow-Republicans prove themselves of tl
ised to be, so ignorant of American insti- and
tutions and so antagonistic to every take
oes idea of honesty and decency. anoth
We do not know of a single Th
has prominent Republican leader against lais, 1
our whom the other leaders do not be fc
ter- make charges that lie is corrupt and The .
he venal, and a traitor at heart. He is mies
accused of bribing delegates and binati
on stuffing primaries, of pocketing the The
un- money intrusted to him by some A can
say presidential candidate, instead of disclor
not using it to buy up delegates, of ac- had o,
us- cepting bribes to change his pret- tendas
ferences, and of being ready to sell
out to the Populists, National Re
trk publicans and Democrats, not once, how I
ar- but many times. Tr at money has tion,
'ed been used right and left in the pur- dodge
he chase of delegates is the charge
made on affidavit by the Republi
rs. cans themselves. The only limit to was
th the bribery seems to be the amount the tr
o- of money the candidates are willing i's the
n- to put up; and the feeling that it is the ac
c- useless, a mere waste of money, to lation
buy men who are willing to sell
themselves over and over again. conce
b- Even the last purchaser cannot be rance
:h sure that he owns the Republican of cot
ty leader he has bought, for the latter terize
is as likely as not to betray him up- d h
s on election day, or in the St. Louis
Convention. ernors
re So utterly unscrupulous have the bright
:y Republicans become, so violative of told C
is faith, so traitorous to their own cates
party, that it has practically ceased
e to have any existence save as a
e mob, rushing one way or the other, prefer
n at the sight of a few greenbacks. silver
d Its political organization is chaotic. wants
No one knows where it stands, be- change
1 causfe it is continually changing and tual sl
A fine picture of the Republican thickhe
situation was seen Saturday in the qualific
Scase of the Second Congressional Cage
SDistrict Committee. Demas has anoint
Ssuddenly veered around, bringingain
down upon himself the scorn and headin
abuse of Kellogg & Co. There litical
have been so ma. y bolts, and such the Stat
general denunciation, that it is diffi- sible m
cult for the newspapers to follow up spect c
Republican politics, for the situa- at
tion to-night may be completely
changed by morning. In the Sec- I When a
ond District alone three Republi- tion of d
can conventions were called in the dpublic an
space of a few minutes, one to meet such dO
in this city oh the east, one to meet name of
in St. John on the same day, and a communil
third to meet in this city on the considere
28th. The National Republicans ht s'hme
make four Republican parties in the work in
Second District, with every proba- known.
bility of more, if any one is willing Dr; Da
to put up a few dollars to start a W
fresh bolt. - Eve ro
Why st with o a. o a d
Why sufer with _Coughs, Cold and Ia chiti Crc
Grippe shen Laxative Bromo Quinine will and Thro
cure you in one day. Do not produce the iwith the
..- up ie tablets convenint for taking.. Cuaml
Garanted to -cure or money refunded you shoal
Price -a ceta.ts or sale byi Win. Cleg pe, boel,,.
and ~Moss Btos. &t Co., Lafayette, La. - ~
'. the "ntIrIsI fa Dermomoyc of
publican h3sW i a = P Wi ar46 di
this city -uia.
by the SCOOT, Feb. is.
that the About-ioo Democrats of this ward met at
as could the home of Mr. Louis Anselet last Sunday
ws' Hall afternoon to hear speakers expound straight
,n, W Demodrey and white Sipremacy. The
than he, bad weather and muddy roads did not keep
ace, or the. sturdy. Democrats of this Democratic
nere li- stronghold from attending the meeting. I
It which t was only necessary for those present to
id have express themselves for one to know that the l
[1 those fate Of the "Peoples ticket" is overwhelming 1
ity of a defeat next April. The Democrats of this a
Louis- ward spoke in no uncertain tones last De- a
of the ceniber and nominated men of their choice a
and it is safe to say that they will not go t
Svn- back on their verdict.
ral, for The first speaker was Mr. Julian Mouton, p
in more the nominee for judge, who spoke In his us
ve that ual Interesting manner. The gentleman ex- c
d since posed in clear and forcible language the fal- a
le good sity of the base rumors which certain de- a
doubts signing and unprincipled persons had circu- e
the rae- lated concerning his service in the Legisla- ft
istence ture. He explained to the satisfaction of y,
party, all his hearers that his course on the suf- he
would frage question was that of a faithful represen- h
tative. Some one in the audience handed am
that in him the circular which had been distributed w
, w en to injure his candidacy, and with that docu- it
ig on a ment he demonstrated that his vote in the cc
,mbers Legislature was in accord with his oft-re- hi
savior. peated declarations that the suffrage ques- r
pulists tion belonged to the people and for that rea
.ont to son he voted to submit it to them. His A
fusion speech was received with great applause.
ere ex- There was no ambiguity in his words, and,
Squiet unlike his opponent, everybody knew where C,
ves as he stood. One old gentleman casually re- lo
id any marked that "Mouton never deserted his wi
post and never refused to tell the Cl
ep'ub- people for whom he would vote." Every all
been one present was struck.with the sincerity hid
alwart of Mr. Mouton's remarks. He did not at- ma
mnown tempt to diplomatically straddle the guber- TO
litical natorial or any other issue. He did not try m:
tir in- to appear as a Democrat, Populist and a Re
-Re- publican all at. the same time. He had the
is too courage of his convictions and was not
being ashamed of his Democracy.
That old wheel-horse, Andre M. Martin,
icans then addressed the meeting. He said that,
LVior; as in the past, he was true to what he
est- hought to be his duty as a Democrat-that
very of supporting and working for the nominees
a of of the party. Everyone knew that he had
been defeated at the primaries,. but he did
,ened no skulking, and with the help of God he
long would work to the best of his ability for the
[tical success of the entire ticket from governor
hem, down to constable.
SRe- Isaac Broussard, the Democratic nominee
s the for sheriff, followed Mr. Martin. Ike might
1872 be a better hand at catching criminals than
se, a at speech-making, but, Mr. Editor, he
We knows how to entertain an audience just as
pub- well as anybody. From the enthusiastic
each applause which greeted the gentleman it is
nust easy to say that the people out here are not
t to yet ready to swap this splendid official for GA
wing one less competent, however worthy he may
Inds be. The people of this section recognize in RE
heir Mr. Broussard an officer who has made one
Ives of the best records in the whole country,
Isti. and they consider it a big blunder not to
rery take advantage of his willingness to serve
another term.
Igle The last speaker was Pr.,f. Claude Latio
inst lais, who, like his lamented father, is ever to L
not be found battling for white government.
and The way the young man spoke of the ene
e is mies of Democracy and the jambalaya com
and bination in this parish was a caution.
the The meeting was then brought to a close.
ime A canvass of the people present would Have
of disclosed the fact that the "People's ticket"
ac- had only three or four representatives in at
'et- tendance. ANTI-COON.
sell
te- Poor old man Pharr, when asked
ce, how he stood on the financial ques
sas tion, attempted a ludicrously clumsy WE
UT- dodge. He said his sdeas on this fU
-ge question were not very clear, but he diE
was opposeto o "piling up silver in af
nt the treasury and issuing certificates
ng i's their stead." He wanted to see UI
is the actual silver dollar out in circu
to lation among the people. It is in
n, conceivable that such dense igno
be rance of the elementary principles
an of common business should charac
er terize one who aspires to so high
P and honorable a position as the gov
ernorship of a great State. Any out I
e bright boy ten years old could have
,f told Capt. Pharr that silver certifi
Scates are only issued as a matter of ins
a convenience and because they are
r, preferred by the people to bulky Eery
. silver dollars, and that any time he
:. wants to do so the Captain may ex
change his silver certificates for ac
tual silver "cart wheels." After all, COME
n thickheaded ignorance is but a fit
e qualification for one chosen by Tom
1 Cage and Henry Demas and MOS
Sanointed by them for the purpose of
Sheading the voracious brood of po
e litical vultures in their assault upon
Sthe State, as we do not see how a sen
- sible man with any degree of self re- One
spect could accept such a trust. O
Baton Rouge Advocate. WIT 12
i When a man has sunk low in the estima-rT
tion of decent people by reason of both his One
public and private life he generally tries to
drag down good people with him. When
such a character attempts to besmirch the
name of any one his own standing in the Apply
community and his reputation should be
considered before any credence is given to Al
anything he may say. It is fur these reasons Feh sa
that some persons, like assassins, do their
work in the dark and prefer not to be
Drk. Davis' Compound Syrup of Rheam,
Wild Cherry and Tar. H
Everyone knows Wild cher and Tar ole
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
an Thrat troubles, and when combined For put
uith other drugs of the grates value in dition tr
-Caaa *xn TAR., it makes the remedy loss ofa
you should have at huad _oc and ts.oo kidn
Anc of Tleb ashillle Biapnr o is the
1o singular lack -of popular appmreialtioadfgood
public roads. It is indeed remarkalle with
rPb. . what patience peojle. will tolerate nest to Im
passable highways and with what impatience
rd met at they regard all propositions that involve, any
at Sunday Increased expenditure or taxation necessary
d straight to make a good road of a bad one. Bad
ry. The roads are not peculiar to any one part or
not keep section of the country, though in some States
emocratic there is a much more intelligent apprecia
weeting. tion of the economy ia keeping open the
resent to way between the farm and the market than
that the in others. The trouble seems to be that the
whelmfig people have been so long accustomed to bad
a of this roads that they don't know what a good
last De- road is and can not easily be made to under
ir choice stand the immense benefits to be derived
1 not go therefrom. People start back from a prop
osition to increase a tax levy for road pur
Mouton, poses, not considering that a bad road is the
a his'as- most burdensome tax that can be levied on a
man ex- community; that a good road, whatever it
a the fal- may cost, is maintained at lews expense than
tain de- a right of way over mud, gullies and un
d circa- graded hills. A road over which the
Legisla- farmer can haul to market every day in the
ction of year; a road over which he can haul a
the suf- heavier load without breaking- his wagon or
epresen- half-killing his team, is a blessing for which
handed any reasonable man will be willing to pay
tributed when he once takes in the full measure of
t doca- its benefits. The importance to trade and
in the commerce of good, firm and even country I
oft-re- highways can not be overestimated. The
e ques- railroads must be fed by the mule-teams and
hat rea- the locomotive must wait for the wagon.
n. His A Recommendation Prom Los
plause. Angeles.
Is, and, 632 Castelar St. Los ANGELES.
where Cal.-After having suffered for a
ally re- long time from acute rheumatism "
ted his without obtaining relief, I used
11 the Chamberlain's Pain Balm and was
Every almost immediately relieved. I
neerity highly recommend this as the best
not at- medicine known. D. M. HAMIL
guber- TON.. For sale by all druggists.
a Re
ad the
as not
fartin,
I that,
at he
-that
ninees
ae had
be did
.d he
r the AT
Pernor
nin e
might
than
he
Waotic
a it is
uGREAT r i
for frtlr o r stock -
may +++++-1-*I..**> -
Rin RhoE flT W h O ss -
st to ar
ier prices
utio
lent. 60-fe  Mill
O IN PROSCESu
et
at
Aed
my WE WANT to reduce still
his further our stock of La
he dies' Misses' and Children's
n Shoes, so v e have cutreg
es ular prices
:u
'31NI TVTVO2
es Manuf
C
That we mnight rapidly close
ay out the broken lines, before
~C our regular Spring stock be
, Dins to arrive.
re
Y Euery pair we are ofering in thie
e saie, is a real bargain,
i. COME EARLY AND BET A FIRST PICK,
2 MOSS BROS. & CO.
For Sale CCi
One 60-feet Wind Mill
WITH 12-FEET WHEEL AND IRON TOWER.
One Corn and
Cob Crusher.
Apply to-
Alfred Hebert. 1**
Feb. zg, 3896.
Ohamberlaia's ye ad Shn Oitjatm. G 1
oAnh the
~a~ie with Anyhence
y ing to
vopirany
tartans of aH adls
rket than
to .d Will be Found at
t ;nood Leon Plonsky.
derived - SUITS A SPECIALTY-.. "
oad par- ! *
ad is the
tn A. Cheifer,
and un
tich the -DEALER IN
y in the
to pay
asure of Cypress Shingles, Pine Flooring, Doors, Blinsd, Bricks, Firebricks,
ade and
coontry Pittsburg Coal and Charcoal. Send for estimates.
The
ou and Carencro, La.
S HOLD UP!
d was
d. I
S All the Latest Styles in
-ary 2y-ood s,
Cl1tlk-- n ,
Furnishing G-ooD1.
S ~ees, Hats
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
L. LEVY.rz
Furniture and Stoves.
Being Always Anxious
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK OF
.MILLImo, E FTiY
And is Now Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Goods.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cult;ivtors, Disc Harrow Leaver
Harow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
3P Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
-e Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets. LAPAYETTE . LA.
B
FINE GROCERIES
Fine Table and Hardwar
LEGG'S SOUTHTWESr CORNER -
COURT-HOUSE SQUARE.
'1 -.-DO YOU KNOW THAT . .
-B. FAL K=
Has the Best Assorted Store in Town?
A Visit There Will Convince You of this Fact.
-. o~ac o ,
GENTS'o*CLOHIH
Has been selected with a perfect knowledge
Of the people's wants and tastes!
The ine o Ladies'Dress- odso
IS SIMPLY ELEGANT,
GOODS ALL OF TIE LATEST STYLES AND ISOLD AlJT j.-IE
vERY - LOWEST - PRIOgeS ;