a - -- -- --- -- - ·- ri·· -,-- .. - · I - - · -:- - :-a-· - -· :: = - -r ·--: --·---- ··· -·r
·· ·- -- -' * * -
AT THE CRADLE.
,ttl he sleepal The morning sunlight
downy head. A song-bird calls
1ad the new aspring, a checkered
pilfow throw, but his bright head I,
s .iaa only: each soft cheek receives
ant kiss. One tQvIng ray
lghtly on ls i~ arted lips where play
+ ieol, graces of a baby's dream.
a porrttlg curls have naught another
giftitttesves Id rvery tress.
.ss mybaby. every sweet caress
 Mthaging joy about my heart.
lboghale-_a loving fear in part
' wl Tpryer, his little bed beside,
tng pulse of mother's pride,
' 'eugtht of peace 4rd Ruleless j-y
Sblessings on my darlIag boy.
--Carrie Stern, in Babyhood.
ALITTLE DIPLOMACY.
'8 at t Worth More Than Bluff to
. a Revenue Colleotor.
S ome years ago I received a tempoary
gSuhoinatment in the internal revenue
*ep9rtunent, and was assigned to the
. o looking up violations of the
: regard to manufactured tobacco.
,Alnreported irregularities \'ere referred
-lld i ho for Investigation. I was tel
e 'graphed by the collector at Nashville,
.s-pos one occasion, to 'go to Shelbyville
.'iiateiately and take action in a case
... wre a manufacturer, J. ii. Ladd, had
.-1l. using canceled revenue stamps.
S Vhen I arrived, 1 found Capt Nor
wilte, the district deputy, awaiting me
. , with a posse of half a dozen men.
S;~ id lived twelve or th irteen miles from
_ b . elbyvlle, in the richest -section of
.ithi county. I. explained to Norville
btthere was no necessity of going
' tlat night a': Ladd could not remove
"..-~3property if hie were disposed to do
- o;~that we wouldl tart before day in
':der to make the trip, effect the sciz
' . and return that night. I learned
'.-~ following from him: lie had come
up with two of Laddt's wagous a couple
of days before in an adjoining count:y
"~in, with plug tobaceco put up in
.boxes"varying in weight from twenty
:vre to one hundred pounds eath; that
.the-stanmps on theist had been reused;
.that, he had gone the next any with a
- drcepty 4T[ited States marshal to ceize
:.;,,ip..fa .tory; that when he arrived old
man LAdd was not at home and the fac
torg:ws:. locked. Hie had gone to the
dcatl~lng for the keys, when r lrs. ,.addl
to~ldt stervautto look for theml. She, in:
ti e meantime, stepped out lntor the
yard and rang the farm bell as vigor
a':usly as if the b!tilting was on fire.
an a few moments threc, of Lndd's sons
aind a hired mnan rushed to the house as
-'feftas their horse, eoulil carry theml
- they had been plowiug-1r.Z Ladd met
-then at the gate, and, he supposed,
explained the bifuation. They came
..-into the house, a large two-story frame
- with L. and in a moment into the
room where he was sitting, waiti ng for
-the girl to find the keys, armed with
. h`tguns.
;..'-Hlre. Ladilthen al,used the ofticer for
everything shie.conld think of, and or
.clered him to leave and not to stand on
the order of going; that if he did not
she' would hare him and the deputy
killed and thrown into the hogpen,
where they ought to be. The old man
did not stand w-ell in the collector's
office, and when Norville returned and
reported the situation by telegraph I
as ordered to the scene. I told him
to secure a carriage that would accom
srodate three besides the driver, and an
hour before day we were en roun te over
afine turnpike road. When we got in
' - of the house I saw two men go in
Emi one side, ard notic'-l several faces
at the window, two of them females. I
.- rdered the driver to go directly to the
factory almost in the rear of the dwell
ing and at a corner of the garden fence.
Leaving the party in the back I re
turned to the house. entering by what I
afterwards ascertained to be the rear
door of the kitchen. An elderly white
woman and a negro girl were in the
room, washing the dishes and clean
Sing up after breakfast. I asked
.politely if this was Mrs. Ladd. She
jerked out a "yes." I approached and ex
tended my hand, assuring her I was very
glad to see her. and giving my name.
-: was so friendly, greeted her so cor
dially, that she was nonplnussed for a
moment. When T asked if Mr. Ladd
was in she answered. "yes" in a more
pldaesknt tone, at the same time point
ing to a door leading to the main build
Stage.
I opened it and walked in, and there
sat four men and a fourteen-year.old
--boy,. all except the old man having a
double-barrel shotgun lying across his
L~4p. I approached the old man and
said:
"This is Mr. Ladd, I presume?"
"Yes, that is my name."
: I gave him mine.
"These are your sons, I presume""
"Some of them."
Turning to the one nearest me I said:
"Your name?"
"J&mes."
.- "Well, James, how do you do? I am
:ga4to see you. You favo'r your fa
" it - ur Eye and forehead exactly."
 . hi, nired the name of every one,
Si shook hands with each, complimented
-if '6h. Here I stopped, when the old
man said: -
'~ t .*tranger, since you have got ac
AliUnted with all the boys. there is
twe maore you ought to know. One is
y wife and the other my daughter.
.aMraida, Marinda, you and Zoa
m in here," he called.
ed that I had met his wife,
S t charming lady she was, but
came in and I was formally
to her, and shook hands
' i agaiPn, and complimented her
amauly boys. Then the daugh
ih who was indeed a modest,
of sixteen. I could read in
Sf every one of them: "What
-"ths mean?" After I had
Sabout the weather and
- 3r. Ladd to step into an
h me, as 1 wished to
imy, if you please. If
%samtness with me blurt
Fille, that I was very sorry to hear i',
and had been sent down to investigate
the matter. The old lady put an oar in
the lock at this moment, and I pegged
her to allow me to finish. She closed her
month with a snap knd folded her
hands across her lap in k entle spirit
of resignation: 1 impressed upon Ladd
that he was dealing with the United
States government, that he had an in
teresting family and a farm worth
thirty thousand dpllars; that he could
.not afford to resist the guoterntneht. I
had only brought Ctapt. Norville and
the deputy tnarshal with me, but that
if he Iintended to resist I would return
-and secure a force that would execute
the law. I explained that Capt. Nor.
ville had been very clcver. lie had an
thority to have arrested his two sons
and seized the two wagons and teams,
worth allnf six lu ndred dollars.
The old man said: "Squire, you're a
slick one. Do your do. I reckon we
can't help ourselves, but if you had
'ave come with a crowd we had made
up our mind to clean yout up off the
face of the eartht"
He sent his son with me and we made
an invoice of his stock, machinery, etc.
I locked the door, and, accompanied by
the two officers, returned to the house,
The entire party scowled at INorville,
but never said a word. The guns had
been deposited in the parlor on a six
hundred dollar piano, as Isubsequently
ascertained.
I asked if he would act as custodian
of the property. This surprised him. 1
asked if he coauld make a bond in double
the value of the property 1 had seized,
conditioned upon its being forthcom
ing upon the order of the United States
court.
"What?" he :aidd, "leave my own
property with mec''
I explained that the property seized
belonged to Ladd & Sons, and that I
would leave it with Laddl. :hr. I knew
enough about the business to know
that he had a large stock on hand par
tially w:orked uip that must be finished.
I gave him authority to do this. This
arrange ment virtually left things as
they were, only he could makenosales.
lie signed the papers and 'aas ,evident
ly in a fine humotir. I then n;otificdhiun
that the marshal had a search warrant,
and he and Mr. Norvil'e would have to
search the house for nnstaninpcd to
bacco. lie jumped up, started to Nor
ville, who was sitting on the oppDsite
side of the firep lace, and said he would
die before the scoundrel ashould mualko
search. Norville had his forty-four it
hi.s grip sack in hiis lap, with his ha:nd
on it ready to u.se. The tnarshal :: is
so indiscreet as to draw his, ,while the
boys started toward t he parlor. I
ltnecv there %% as n1o ,lan.er of the
oficers shooting the old man. I fol
loivled them in in time to see I thim get
their guns from the top ,of the pian,'.
HIastily closing the door nail pitting
my back against it, T nasked them if
they swere fools.
"Suppose," sald I, "you kiil these
two men and mvself as to that. can
you kill all the men in the natioin?"
"But," said the oldest, "we will not
have our father insulted.'
I ordered them to put their guns hack
and pledged them that their father
should not be insulted.
"lint they shall not search th's house. " .
"Then you are going to resist the
law. You are going to force me to
stiumnon a posse, arrest yo'u all, search
the house, tear up your factory and
ruin your father. That's your game, is
it? Put your guns low-n, quit acting
the fool, and you and I will n:alce the
sear-ch and Norville will remain where
he is."
This compromise was nac'.epted. I
searched the house. found sonoe r'n
stamped tobacco, and left.
When court came on the nlmttar was 
compromised ),y the old gent leman's
paying all the costs, a small fine andn
promising to be more circumspect in
the future. It was afterward nr-,cer
tained that Capt Norville, being %
countryman and an old friend, Mr.
Ladd thought he ought not to hrve on
forced the law against him.---tlobe
Democrat.
SHORT-LIVED MARITAL JOY.
A Woman WhTo WVanted the Man wiho
Mlarrled iler to Unmarry lier.
A young Polish woman, -whose maiden
name is as unpronounceable as her mar
ried name, which is laterouwaske, ap
peared at the Camden city hall one
morning and asked City Clerk Varney
for a divorce. She declared that her
husband had basely deceived her andi
that further union with him was a
marital impossibility.
"How long have you been married,:
madam?" inquired the clerk.
"Since yesterday," came the answer.
"What has occurred to dih turb your
nuptial joy?"
"Why, my husband told m.s he had
one thousand dollars in bans, owned
any quantity of real estate snd was
going to let me live in clover. I found
on getting home that if there was any
clo'er pasture for me I'd iha-e to find
it myself. IHis stories of bank ac
counts are fables, pure and simple,
while the real estate yarn is a hollow
mockery."
. Mrs. Katerouwaske was very indignant
when told she could not get a divorce
outside the chancery court, which
would not grant such a document for
the reasons detailed by her.
"Humphl" she ejaculated, as she
left the hall, "it's very funn3 that the
man that married me can't unmarn-y
me."-Philadelphia Evening Bulletin.
--Mendelssohn began to compose in
his twelftth year, and so methodical
were his habits even then that the
manuscriptvolumes containing his own
scores of his works are in an unbroken
series until his death. There are
forty-four of these great volumes, all
written by his own h and and now pre
served in the imperial library in Berlin.
-Schubert was precocious. Be learned
to play both piano and violin at five
yetars of age and was put under the
care of the village organist, who soon
said: "'I can teach him nothing. When
ever I wished to give him somethingl
,r.sh, ..heme mit sit wcl.:" ehubedr
a b~~ptti $9t.;9* ;u -q -
M'KINLEY'S BRAI.
tRfeets at o Pseete.m oh the Esateie
iisotb' Mnt"
(one of the bproidiist boasts of thb
ttiithbf hi the Moianley tariff-a boast
which has gone the rounds of the pro
tection press and had innumerable
changes rung on it-is in these words:
· "I know every factory was running and
running on full tithe frdm the date of
the passage of ttio bresent tariff lair uti
to the election of the present adminis
tration." It was a ridiculous boast on
its face and has been so shown to be a
score of times; but the Springfield Re
publican exposes its absurd untruthful
ness so clearly and convincingly that
its showing is entitled to the widest
publicity in the interests of truth and
justice.
A correspotndent of the Republican
takes it to task for cel'tain statements
in its coluoimns elative to thb effeet Sf
the McKinley act aoi factories and prao
tically reiterates the McZeinley boast,
declaring there was but one failure of
a woolen mill after the passage of the
IMcKinley act'until the present year.
This declaration is made on the au
thority of a New ungland experti and
the Repunbltest "goes for" expert and
Correspondent in the most thorough
mannnr. To refresh the memory of
the former and f::thcr enlighten the
latter as to the remarkable nature of
McKinley's claim, it says: "We have
taken from the files of the American
Wool and Cottod Reporter- a few items
of mill news for the six or eight
months succeeding the enactment of
the ,McKinley law." These it then
gives as follows:
"Home W~oolen l'amufacturing Co., of Lew
Iston, Je., failed about ten days aftet the Mc
Kinley law took effect. About. the sarme time
the Ilel Air woolen trill at Pittsfield shut down
indelini tely.
'"he next month, or in November, Il$), the
Alexander & Co. knitting works at Decatur,
Ill., tailed for 84.0010.
'-In December, l;t, came the big Ritten
house Woolen M:nnfactrtng Co.'s failure wilth
liabilities of t ,.00, ma'ie more conspicuous Iyf
the fact that Edward I. Ammidotwn, president
of the American Protective Tariff league, was
the chief owner and that the failure was ore
cipitated by Ammidown's speculations based
on his cor.fidenec in the woaderftl curative
effects of the McKinley law.
•"The ansme month brought fzrth'r failtte
and ,ilstress t, the woolen industry. Then
lir.sley, Dav.is & Co. mills at Braintree,
A:1,,n Woolen Co.. of Hanover, Conn., East
D)nvr Ie.) woolen mill anti Rockford (itt.)
woolen mill all ahut down indeflnitely. Wit
liam Furnell, woolen manufaetu'-er, of WTilton,
M., failed with liabillties of f0,0).). The liar
ri: woolen mill of VVconsoacket, t. L. shut down:
for an indefinite period. 'The Rankin Knitting
Co., vwith the "oldest, largest pnd best
"eq :ippe'l" knitting will in Cohoes. N. Y.. ashut
dlon n ad a ent into receive-r' bhllds; liabili
ties. FlCi7,tl.tj.
"The Union Mttnuf:teturin, roOps.uy' mill,
at hiM:nchcstr,. C(onn., was in, the eant-r montb
r.port"tl idle n,nt lt.nkling for pulrchasers. L.
P. t'arsons A. Co., woolenl manufacturrrs of
Tilton, N. H., were at;rtounred as embarrassc J.
The'l w-o:en mnufeturntag boutivtet was re
ocrt d by the Bto'.ton Commerriul Bulletin as
-,lul at Bilacltl,".ct, n Mass., anti .carly one-half
of teo , peralives are ~ut Cf emaployment.
"Three months of the tMcKiinley law found
things in JLnuary, 1il, in alsout the same
state. if. W. fewis A Son, of Ansonia. Corn.,
w-ooten manufacturers. failed for e40,00). :W. F.
Spinlk, woolen manufacturer of North IKings
trn, If . t., assigned. 'rho embarrassment of
the Forbes sattnct mill, at. ;Eat Brookflneld,
.s atnnounced. Trhe Troy P-lanufn'cturfngeom
pany of _'chnee. N. }., denied that their mill
was to start up. The Thompson & Pettengil
knit twill. t Amsterdam, N. Y., was sold a re
":.oat ".if the hands of the American: Worstel
r.nlp,,ant, nlt 'onsOcket, werre rported illo
in Iebruuary. 1801. ?.fcc:.aulev & Pell, of Star
fordvtille, Conn., woolen manufacl.urera, as
-srnctd. Ote Iundrcd persons thrown outt of
walrk. The ,Essex yarn mill, at Newark, N. J.,
failed.
"itl March, 18 1, six hundred wearers at the
r-anstkiuck mills at Providence strnc:t against
r-,du,-ed wasres. A strike for the same cause in
thin bige Atlantic mills involved twenty-ono hun
dered h:;nds. The Fonda tN. V.) Knitttng com
pny fah leI anl went elt of business.
* During April an:! May, the Peninsular knit
tinsnorl;: at I)etrolt were sold at reeeiver's
eaoe. (Glover. Sanford & Sons, of Brtdgeport.
Conn . sbl"t ,town an:l offere1 rm ill for sale. The
we-oent mills at ElFveille and .iillingly, (C'onn.,
abut dctwn anld the help began to move away.''
'onclutding, the lRepublican says:
"And, without going further into de
tails, we may add to the testimony of
I the American Wool and Cotton Reporter
that this was a bad time for the woolen
bnsiness, the statement of the Boston
(,mtro:ercial Bulltitn, a McKinley pa
per, tPtat 'the year tIb! will long be re
memberecd as one of the gloomiest
years the wool trade has known.' And
at the entd of the year the Blulletin re
ported: 'The situation among the wool
en mills is anything lbut encouraging.'
This all ought to prove sufficiently fill
ing for our Ohio reader. G(ov. McKin
ley is describing I "ow tch conditions
of manuuftctutringas he expected would
exist after his law took effect-not
what actually did exist. What this
matter has to do with a statement of
the relative demand upon the woolen
tannufacturing business just, before and
after the panic, nearly three years re
moved from the enactment of the Mc
Kinley law, we are at a loss to under
stand."-Detroit Free Press.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS.
--The new issue of government
bonds ought to be known as the repub
lican deficiency debt.--N. V. World.
----Neither injunctions, nor filibus
ters, nor Boutelles, nor other pestilence
must divert the democratic party from
its purpose to relieve this country as
rapidly as possible from the effects of
reptblican misgovernment--Louisville
Courier-d JourE aL
-W hen (en. Harrison comes to fig
ure up the expense of his next swing
around the circle it will be well to re
member that he has no earthly chance
of getting a pass over- the New Eng
land iond white Boss Platt is its re
ceiver. --Detroit Free Press.
--The revival of business is ait
omen of good, ann the intelligent ob
server will note the fact that witl-he
prospect of the passage of the Wilson
bill an impetus has been given to trade
everywhere. Doubt is giving way'to
certainty and the signs of the times are
propitious. --Toledo Bee.
- An extravagant republican ad
ministration left the country in a con
dition bordering upon bankruptcy,
and now its wire-pullers are striving to
make trouble over the plan which Sec
retary Carlisle has adopted to meet the
demands of the emergency. Whether
on the aggressive or delensive the re
publican managera of these latter
.$easare invai y is tal wrong aid
*Ppoad to the bessintarist4 9# g1o pe*
iii zS~ ;i-,y-·c ~
INFAMOUS TACTICS.
astatdletoty telatticeat at the tatea
YkWj ir ' Itoteettonistes.
Almost ever since the adjournment
of the special session of congress very
many of the beneficiaries of McKinley
lam and nearly everyone of their organs
have been exekting themselves with in
creasing energy to deepen the depres
sion necessarily following the silver
protection panic.
Employers have attempted to reduce
wages, sometimes with success, and
threatened to reduce them further in
the event of the passage of the Wilson
bill. They have suspended work an
many instances and threatened to sus
pend in many more without good rea
son and for no other purpose than to
coerce their employes into protesting
against the passage of that measure.
and to frighten the majority in congress
into the abandonment of even thear
small beginning of tariff refofnt. They
have takeni etery advantage of the situ
ation resulting from the panic to ttp
press their men and if possible create
another panic. Their organs are en
gaged in the same despicable work.
Day after day they gran for the poor
working man. They tell him that the
present industrial depression is all ow
ing to the Wilson bill and that his
wages must go down, down until
"labor in this country and Europe will
be on the same plane and level, having
the same hours of work and the sams
pay and poverty." They even say that
the panic of last summer was caused
by the prospect of tariff reduction, and
'that it is still "raging."
That they know better is proved con
elusive by the fact that their ttterances
are now in fiat contradiction of their
ittterances from four to six months
ago, when the panic really was raging.
Then they admitted the truth that
manufacturers were not alarmed by
the result of the elections of Novem
ber. 1"92. although they knew what
that result meant as well then as now.
They admitted the fact that manufac
turers continued to increase the num
her of their establishments and to en
large their plants for eight months af
ter the election. .ike Thomas Dolan,
president of one of the most rabid as
sociations of protected manufacturers,
they admitted that the panic was
caused entirely by the sil ver-purchasing
policy, and that the coming reduction
of the tariff had nothing whatever to
do with it. They admitted that it we.as
a money panic, and not a tariff panoi
at all. They have no way of evape
from the conclusion that they are now
deliberately lying every day when they
call it a tariff panic, and when they
attribute all its necessary and unneces- {
sary consequences to a very moderate
tariff bill which cannot go into effect
for five or six months to come.
They ought to be able to see by this
time that they are not accomplishing
their purpose by pursuing this course.
They do not make friends of working
men by lying to them; workingmen
have memories and know what these
same would-be panic breeders said a
few months ago. They do not frighten
congress at all. On the contrary, the
house has shown itself more coura
geous and radical than -its ways and
means committer. The overwhelming
majorities by which amendments cut
ting the committee's rates are adopted
should teach the McKintey organs that
the scare policy is a flat failure.
If they cannot see it now they will
see it at no distant day, when events I
falsify all their calamity predictions
regarding employment and wages.
They will not earn public confidence
and good will by inciting employers to
acts of cruelty or by lying about past
esents. or by endlessly reiterating
false prophecies of disaster.-Chicage
Herald.
A M'KINLEY RIOT.
The Promised Land of Protection Ablase
with Incendlarisn.
Be it understood that this riot in the
Mansfield coal region of Pennsylvania
is a republican riot, a high tariff riot,
a McKinley riot. The rioters are Huns,
Slavs and Sicilians, the very dregs and
offscourings of southern and south
eastern Europe. They were imported
to this country (duty free) by the coal
barons, and, in the name of "protection
to American labor," substituted in the
mines for decent American, English,
Irish and German labor. The coal
barons had no use for decent labor, for
self-respecting labor, for labor that
knew its rights and demanded to lie
as a white man should. They broug'at
in these convicts and fugitives frc m
justice (duty free), and, having in
stalled them in filthy hovels, stripped
them of their names, numbered them
like convicts and then paid them what
wages they liked, chiefly in store truc!k.
They supplied them with cheap whisky,
and, in a word, supplied all the so
cessories of a pandemonium on earth.
That is what the coal and coke re
gions of rennsylvania have been maLe
by these rascals who are now .insult
ing American labor by denouncing the
VWilson bill in its name. These are the
fellows who, forsooth, must now eat
down wages to "'the European level."
They have (lone what they could already
to debase labor below any known Eu
ropean level. Not in Hiberia, not in
the quarries of Carrara or the vine
yards of Sicily is labor at a lower ebb,
mentally, morally or physically, than
i-. the hilly fastnesses of these robber
barons of Pennsylvania.
It is their riot-a McKinley riot.
They brought this mob element into a
peaceful land and planted their con
vict colonies. The convicts (duty free)
have broken loose and are spreading
murder and arson over the region.
The very center and promised land of
M~IeKinleyism is lighted up with in
cendiary bonfires from the torehes of
the wretched creatures whom MIeKin
leyism has brought (duty free) into the
land. It is a notable triumph for the
McKinley party. -Chicago Times.
- The charge that MIcKinley has
but one speech will no longer hold
good. He fires the northern heart bry de
claring that the Wilson 'oill was framed
by rebel brigardier., and then he in
forms the southern people that tlea
measure is espeollUy d~iglned to rnin
their particulaw ladistaes. This <
streak dCof rerstity it great inag
.-@-.. r .I I,tZ,. wor_. _ -..-a.:
HIOME HINTS AND HELPS.
'Stale C~ake Ptddings Place slices
of dry dake in dsr*ell-buttered padding
dish and pout' over them a boiled cus
tard. which need not be quite as thick
i. when made to eat alone. Set aside
hnd let stand for three hours. Spread
jelly over the top, or if preferred, use
only yolks of eggs for the custard and
save the whitds for a merringiid. Serte
cold.- Ohio Farmer.
-Cabbage Salad: White cabbage
makes a cheap and good salad. Use
the firm, white heads only; a quarter is
enough for a small family. Shred very
fine, mix with it some mince, boiled
potatoes and cover with the French
dressing two honrs before serving. If
the cabbage is not tender, shred and
Cover with boiliig v'ater about fifteen
minutes, drain and dress. - Rloston
-For lobster sandwiches chop the
~ieat of a lobster very fine, and season
it with pepper and salt. Make a thick
cream sauce with half a cup of cream,
twvo'tablespoonfuls of flour,and a table
spoonful of butter, stirring these in
Igredients over the fire until perfectly
smooth. Add the chopped lobster, and
set the mixture away to cool. Spread
between slices of brown bread.-Chris
tian at Work.
--Chicken ntaked with Rice: A
chicken of uncertain age that has been
simmered until tender may be jointed,
seasoning each joint with pepper, salt
and a suspicion of mace; lay some slices
of bacon in the bottom of a dish, place
the chicken on top; strew over a minced
onion. pour a cup of the stock in which
it was boiled over all, fill in the dish
w-ith boiled rice, put on a tin or china
cover and bake one hour.-Country
Gentleman.
-Celery Soup: Boil a head of celery
(some of the stalks not suitable for the
table may be used) in a pint, or more,
of water for forty-five minutes. Boil a
few slices of onion in a pint and a half
of milk: mix one tablespoonful of flour
with a little cold milk and add to the
boiling milk. Cook ten minutes. Mash
celery in the water in which Uit was
boiled and stir into the milk. Add but
ter, salt and pepper to taste. Strain
and serve at once. -Housekeeper.
-Mashed Potato: Peel, quarter and
boil about three pints of potatoes:
drain thoroughly, and shake for a few
minutes in an open doorway to make
them mealy. Mlash them well. and
mix with them two onces of butter,
two yolks of eggs, salt, pepper and
salt enough to make them of a proper
thickness. Set on the fire for two or
three minutes, stirring constantly, and
serve hot. When on the dish smooth
them with the back of a knife or scal
lop them according to fancy.--Boston
Budget.
-Best Potato Salad: Potato salad
as usually served is not a thing of
beauty. Nor is it exactlya joy to every
digestion. The secret of the perfect
one lies in using freshly-boiled pota
toes. This seems heresy, for why does
potato salad exist save to use left-over
potatoes? Nevertheless. boil your po
tatoes in their jackets, and let them
partly cool before peeling if you want
your salad to be eaten with keen en
joyment and no aftermath of indiges
tion. Use lemon juice with this salad:
and potatoes being floury, and there
fore absorbent, use three times the
quantity of lemon juice. If eon
venient use a scatter of chervil, chives.
etc., chopped fine. If not.a soupcon of
onion minced to mere juice.-Detroit
Free P.eaes.
GRACEFUL FURNITURE.
The Light and Pretty SLheet of IBamboo
Pieces in Almost Any Room.
Tt is small wonder that bamboo fur
niture not only holds favor, but gains
in popularity. It is graceful in appear
ance, beautiful in design and exquisite
ly finished.
The. manufactured articles are char
actcrized by lightness and durability,
and include lovely tables, new-spaper
racks, hat stands, cabinets, flower
stands. writing tables, chairs, ornn
mental screens, brackets and other use
ful and ornamental pieces. They are
finished in lacquer and in gilt, and in
enamel.
WYe saw a room the other day that
was fitted up with "rush effects" --any
how, that is what. the woman said
was her intention when she planned
the furnishing and then made
the demonstration. The floor is
covered with very fine matting,
so closely w'oven that it has the ap
pearance of straw cloth, the color be
ing a plain yellow. Upon this matting
are placed two rugs woven in red
shades. There is a bamboo lounge in
one corner, standing bias-ways, with a
cushion of red plush and pillows with
pale yellow and red covers. The bam
boo cabinet shows yellow drapery, em
broidered in red, and the bamboo book
stand and brackets are decoiated with
red ribbonsand pale yellow silk scarfs.
Around the room is a dado in split
bamboo. The window di-spery is
cream Swiss. the sill being finished with
Sbamboo rack.
These bamboo pieces are used with
3ther styles of furniture and in par
lors. libraries, bedrooms and other
apartments. -N. Y. World.
Some Polite Forms.
A lady never extends her hand to a
muan whose acquaintance she is mak
Ing. She may oi" may not shake hands
with a lady who is introduced, but she
must not give her hand to a strange
man. A low bow is the elegant form
of asalutation. A cultivated woman
will not shake hands with any man,
-o matter how long she is acquainted
wvith him, unless she respectse and ad
mit-es him. A gentleman never ex
tends his hand to a lady first. To do
so would be presumptuous and subject
him to a snubbing. A man shows his
breeding the way he eats his dinner;
Swoman shows her breeding the way
--he receives people.-N-. Y. Puost.
-"Queer about Jaglets having to et
policeman to take him home last
-nght. lverytbtlis wear all turned
round to hie "m" l stqi ih "Jnpl
ts. nl Hno wee pes 78b.P ths j.
**- ~ a. 5,
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
-The Chicago Christian Endeavor so
lety supports a day school in India.
-About 60,000 crowns were realized
by the Salvation Army in Sweden as
true result of denial week.
-Japan has 11,190 Presbyterians. 10,
760 Congregationalists. 7,0o9 Mtcith
odists, 4.806 Episcopaliacs, I,76. P:ap
tists and 568 in other churc~hes-a total
df 38,000 adult Christians.
-The fout tisost prominent. uon-,con
formist churches iti all London are Mr.
Spurgeon's among the Baptists. W\est
minster chapel and Dr. Parker's among
the Congregationalists. and Regent
Square among the Presbyterians.
-In this time of breaking records a
prominent place should be given to t he
rectorship of Berlin university. The
present rector has at last been corn
peled to order a new official inantle,
the one he has worn until now hiviming
lasted one hundred and ninety-two
years. The cost will be six hundred
dollars, but in view of the lung service
of its predecessor thlere will scarcely
be opposition.
-The city council at Atlanta, Ga.,
has elected ex-Gov- Joseph E. Brown a
member of the city board of education,
with the idea that his name shall ap
pear on the roll as long as he lives. lie
is in ill-health and unable to take
active part in the management of the
schools, but it was due to his efforts
mainly that the public school syste:n
was established in the city. uitd his
election is in greateful acknowledgment
of that fact.
-Col. Albert A. l'ope will soon issue
a volume containing a list of all the
errors in school books. They nmbler
thousands. andl it is said that s,)ie ~of
the publishers whose books are hard
cst hit are fighting hard to prevent
any further publication of the fact,.
fearing that their business will belin
ijured. The list of errors whichl has
been transmitted to one sclhool-boek
publishing house aggregates over
eleven hundred.
- It is reported that tire general
council of the university of Edinburgh
has under consideration tihe iquesti.n
of abolishing theological facutlties in
Scottish universities and confinin,
their function to examinations and
the granting of degrees to ts.rl. out
side colleges as may, by special act of
parliament, be affiliated with the uni
versities. This plan has already bIeen
approved by the sub-cominittee of t !l.
general council, and if adopted i: will
place the dissenting colleges on the
icune basis of those of the eatabili '.;s.
church.
- robably- the onlyr cop' extat1 o1f 1f
the act of parliament of p4'!, mt;ri;g
iroini-cll's reign. incorporati-:y a IIl
hliarcterizing the Society for iln-tit il
inlg the Propagation of the i ;mo:-p.i
Among the Indians of New En .clalld,l
iZ in the possession of the P'resb:t,,:rhlit
board iof missions, and is on e-rhi.iitihon
in N'ewv York. None of the per-*cos
na med in the act arcknown in li:-1 -t- .
but the society did much good N--t:rk iti
New- England, not only among the i
dians. but also among the white s. it
is reported to have been the first. ini -
,ionary society to send agents o1 A mc i
ieR.
PERSIAN CLIFF DWELLERS.
The Prtmitire Abodes of a Rare of star
bartana.
The approach to Shiraz is a succes
sioun. of surprises. The town, a c.mn
pact and yellow mass of crowded
dwellings, appears to rise abruptly and
close at hand above the level plain
which we are crossing. All at. once a
profound ravine opens in front, of u;s,
and perched high up on the summit of
the yellow cliffs on the other s-ide are
the houses which we saw front the
plain. Descending steeply to the peb
bly floor of this ravine, which is an an
cient river-bed, we turn to the left and
ride along under the perpendicular
ledge. There are filthy pools
along the bottom of it, and black
slimy stains descend the rocky wall
from the rickety wooden balconicc I
anct projecting windows of the town
above us. If the people overhcadl are
dying of cholera they are surely very
quiet about it, and there is no sign of
life at any of the windows. We coein
to the chlapar klhaueli (inn) on the
other side of the ravine. It is locked
up. and a little further on the ravine
opens on to a broad river, which -we
cross by a bridge, and enter an impos
ing caravansary of the time of Shah
Abbas.
In this wvay we avoid entering the
town. The river is bordered on both
sides by vertical cliffs. and from the
gate of the caravansary, looking back
across the bridge, we get the most
striking view of Yezdikhast. The long
ledge on which it stands is pierced
by many caves and openings along
the top, and from a distance it is
difficlt to make out just w-here
the town begins. where the caves be
come windows and doors. They are
accenteated in many places, by jutting
windows and crazy-looking balconies
propped by sticks, at a great height
above the stream below. This long
rock ends in a thin -wedge where the
ravine on the other side enters the
river-bed. Separated at the other end
from the main range of cliffs by a spe
cies of drawbridge, it can easily be
made as inaccessible as a v'ulture'ls
nest perched on a crag. and the dark
streaks which stain the cliffs below
heighten the resemblance to a roost
ing-place of those scavengers of the
desert.--Edwin TLord Weeks, in Ham
per's Magazine.
Arralce Rebuked.
It is not safe to tipany of the walters
in one of the most frequented restau
r-ants with anything less than a
quarter, as a well-dressed guest found
out one day last wreek.
'Here is a dime for you," he said,
holding out a coin.
WValter (examining the coin rcritic
ally)-Thankl you, sir, but I hope you
will excuse me
Gunest-Exuae youl for what? -
"Exeuse me for mistaking you fat A
geatIsman u4 to the i-sty tinoinpa
}PERSONAL AND LtT4RAY,1%"; j`
-Louise Chandler Moulton saidk
late interviewer: "how many. 640 .
have I written altogether? I hiapy i
know. The work nearest to may b t.i'
however, is my verse. It is the inevit:pa~ s
ble part-that which expresses thse;
real me."
-Mr. Ruskin does not like bicyel#;.
"I not only object," he says, "but I fa'
prepared to spend all my best bad lan
guage in reprobation of bi, tri, and
four, five,six or seven cycles, and every
other contrivance and invention tfor",
superseding human feet on l ..oda.'
ground."
--It was Henry W. Paine, the emi- :
nent lBoston lawyer who died the other
day, that made to a chief ,justice who
interrupted his argument with the re-
mark, "Mr. Paine you know that this
is not law," the quiet reply, "it was
law until your honor spoke," and pro
ceeded complacently with his at-g
meat.
-Gen. Lew Wallace is at work On -
fourth novel, thepnaterial for which he
has been quietly collecting for several
years. He has been taking life easy
since he completed "The Prince of In
dia" last summer. Gen. Wallace re-
fuses to say with what age or people
he will deal in his new work, nor'will
lie even say when he expects to have it
finished.
-Queen Victoria has reigned longer
than any other rules in the world, hav-'
ing ascended the throne in 1837. Next
to her in point of time are Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria and Fred
erick, the grand duke of Baden. The
youngest crowned heads are the little
queen of the Netherlands, who is thir
teen, and the king; of Spain. who is
seven and a half years old.
--Dr. Ludwig Behrendt, for many
years editor-in-chief of the "'Berliner
Tageblatt," died in the German capital
recently. He was born in Magdeburg,
and after graduation from the tIniver
sity began his life-work as one of the
editors of the "Magdeburger Zeitung."
He was a writer of force and a poet
whose verse is full of feeling. His
translation of Horace is considered one
of the best in the German language.
--3fatthew Henry's commentary on
the Bible was writte2 for the common
people, and in the slang of the day. In -
commenting on Judges ix., he savs: "'We
are here told by what acts Abimeleck
got into the saddle. He hired for his
service all the scum and scoundrels-of
the country. Jotham was really a fine
gentleman. The Sechemites were the
first to kick him off. They said all the
ill they could of him in their table
talk. They drank health to his con
fusion."
---In lT,1 Tihomas Gray published, at
the modest price of sixpence per copy,
"A:n Elegy Wrote in a Country Church -
Yard." One of these original sixpenny
pamphlets, uncut, was recently sold
for seventy-four pounds. A first edi
tion of "The Vicar of Wakefield"
fetched fifty-four pounds, and Grimm's
German Stories thirty-three pounds ten
shillings. A copy of Tennyson's poems,
issued as the joint production of the
laureate and Hallam, which it seems
probable belonged to the latter, real
ized sixteen pounds ten shillings: Cov
erdale's Bible, thirty-one pounds, and
another more imperfect copy twenty
pounds ten shillings; Report of the
Challenger Expedition, forty-eight
pounds; first edition of Wordsworth's
Descriptive Sketches in Verse, twenty
six pounds: two proof sheets of "St.
Roman's Well," with corrections and
additions by the author, twenty-one
pounds, and the original autograph of
Burns' "Queen Mary's Lament," thir
ty-five pounds ten shillings.
HUMOROUS.
-Don't let the grass grow under
your feet. The cows can't get at it
there.--Atlanta Constitution.
--Buddy-Boy - "Mamma, Bridget
called me 'the broth of a boy.' Does
" he mean I've been in the soup?"-Rar
per's Young People.
-Edith--"Have you noticed how
mannish Nell is growing?" "No.
What does she do'." "Never chews up
her pencils."-Tnter-Ocean.
-"Why did your novel fail, Pen
man?'" "Can't say, exactly; publisher
thinks it. -as owing to its having a
plot and satisfactory ending."-Vogue.
--Collingwood - "Say. Tilling'has,
didn't you tell me that Miss Elderkin '
was an artist?" Tillinghast--"lo; I
said she was a work of art."-Detroit"
Free Press.
-Artist--"Your portrait will be fin
ished in a few days." "Throw it away.
and begin a new one. I have just been s
raised to the rank of a baron.'"-Flie
gende Blatter.
-"The poet has left his wife and.'
flown with the grass widow." "So
hear." "How do yoiu accountfor thMat.
"There is no accounting for the ftight
of genius.--N'. Y. Press. .
-Retail and Wholesale.--Yogr
Lady-"How much does it cot to
a tooth taken out?" Dentist-'
florin, miss; but by the dozena, it coma
cheapcr."-De Amsterdammer. .:,
-"Oh," site cried, "if I couldo
myself as others see me !" "It 
do," said he. "It would m)e 7
conceited." And thef she smlef
him all the rest of the evening. , jy)
---Female Friendshlp.-Maud-.
photographer has not done you
dear." M!arie-"Rownice of yopJ
so, dearest!" Mlaud-"-No;he
more mercy than justIce."- Pak '
-"Oh, I say, Smithers, w .hy'
meters like the Arababs" -
JTonesy. Because every aih.'. -
against them?" "'Nb.
evidently silently sfal aiw .,
Recorder.
-Dayton-"*I theuv
swearing at New Yes.l I I .
"so I did." Dtoms-;
you to start argaaf'
ing '98 iustend of 'I