; GAZETTE.
tI #SsSUED- E VERY SATURDAY
BY
- icMER MOUTON, - - PROv'RIETOR.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH:
-lantered at the Lafayette La. Post-Ofice as Second
(:lam Maettr.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1895.
T'OTICB.
All political matter of a personal nature. will be
charged to cents a line for one insertion in this pa
per; resolutions of respect, etc., 5 cents a line; an
bouncemnents of paid entertainments, ballsk etc..
cents a linc;-obituaries of ten lines or less, free, and
of more than ten lines, 5 cents a line,
Theodore Roosevelt, the great
Sunday law man of New York,
parts his hair in the middle.
An esteemed contemporary heads
an editorial, "A Patriotic Bimetal
list." Has dur friend really found
a patriot outside the ranks of gold
buggism.
Vice-president Stevenson has
railed for Alaska. Unlike his chief
Adlai does not think that Buzzard's
Bay is the only place worth visiting.
TlV Lafayette Advocate has re
cently celebrated its 3oth anniver
sary. Continued success Mouton.
--Iberville South.
Our eiteemed confrere is evident
ly getting things mixed. Come
again, Schwing.
Sam Jones is fast becoming a
back number with the rural editors.
He has delivered himself several
times in the State recently, yet we
don't see a reproduction of his vul
gar attempts at wit in any of our
exchanges. The tone of the coun
try papers is improving.-Demo
crat-Journal.
Monday's States contains a pic
ture of President Cleveland in his
"new yachting cap." There is
nothing wrong in a president wear
ing a yachting suit, but simply as
an illustration of the immense
strides of fashion let us figure to
- ourselves "'Old Hickory" attired in
such a costume, sailing for the clas
sic shores of Btyzzard's Bay in a
yacht belonging to a rich Wall street
banker.
The killing of Dinkins at Bran
don, Miss., by Dabney Marshall
and his friends, was one of those
awful tragedies which are alarn
ingly, frequent in some sections of
the country. Dinkins, it is- said,
had made a horrible charge against
- Marshall which the latter should
have resented, but no brave man
will approve of the brutal assasina
tion at Brandon.
Judge Moise has decided that so
cial clubs are amenable to the pro
visions of the Sunday law as well us
common saloons. If we must have
a Sunday law let it be for the rich
and poor. The violation of a law
by a silk-stocking in an aristocratic
club room does rot palliate the
offense one bit and Judge Moise so
held.
The Judge's opinion concludes
as follows: "If club saloons were
permitted to sell liquor on Sundays
New Orleans would soon contain
more social clubs than any city on
earth. This would be an easy,
available and effective way of evad
ing the law and would rather en
courage than repress thc evils in
tended to be corrected. Nor would
-itbe of any practical use to urge upon
the court a dlistinction between a
bona file social club and one or
ganized as a device to lefeat the
law. It is sunicient that the door
for such evasi:ns woulI have been
opened, and taking judicial cogniz
ance of the history of the enforce
ment of this law, in this city, I
will hazard the assertion such dte
vices wouldl he successful. The
demnurrer is overiuled and the de
fendant oi't!cred to plead."
ABOUT2 "JDLAMPING JA CATS."
* * * * The Police Jury. is
simply invulnerable, and, probaily
the most charitable exr-lanation that
could be offered for this fact is that
the members of that body are either
incapable or unwilling of thinking
and acting for themselves, are coin
pielied to do the bicdding of others
for personal or political reasons.
It does seem very miuch as if sonme
body had an iron grip one cntd of
a string, the other end of whicl-h
was attached to a majority of the
members of our honorable Police
J ry, and every time the twine is
pulled these fellows kick up their
legs and arms atter fashion of a
jumping jack.-. Tonikins" in Cre
olc-Armerican of Aug. 15.
The P'olice Jury of this parish is
composed of goo!l, honest, intelli
gent men, ani the charge tl at they
are run "after the fashion of a jump
Sing jacK." necl~ tio contradiction.
Those acquiainted with Messrs.
Brown, St. Julien, ITeb rt, R. C.
andA. ). I.antdry, DLurke, Brous
sard and Delhomnime, knov that they I
' are not of the stuff with which
"'jumping jacks" are made. We
incline to the belief that they have
incurred the displeasure of "Tom
kins" by their refusal to do the bid
ding of some men who want to run
everything to suit themselves and
for their own pecuniary benefit.
We do not believe a single mem
ber of the Police Jury is "incapable
or unwilling to act for himself."
Under the management of that body
the affairs of the parish have been
conducted in a very satisfactory
manner. There are no schemes or
jobs connected with their adminis-.
tration, which, we dare say, will
compare favorably with any of its
predecessors.
We would ask "Tomkins" to en
lighten the public by mentioning
one single instance wherein the
police jurors have played the part
of a "jumping jack," and if they
are guilty of having acted
in the *terest of anybody
"for personal or political reasons,"
we will join "Tomkins" in
criticising their -action, but they
should be given a hearing and not
condemned just because some one
whose identity is concealed under
a nom-de-plume makes a charge
for the substantiation of which he
does not offer all iota of proof.
The Gazette has no interest in
this matter save that of seeing jus
tice done the members of the Police
Jury, than whom there are no better
men in the parish. They may have
erred in the performance of their
official duties, but the charge that
they are "jumping jacks" is un
founded.
fA URICE IN TIIE TOILS.
Maurice J. Hart, the man who is
said to have done more than any
one else to corrupt the municipal
government of the Crescent city,
has been indicted by the grand jury
of Orleans parish and will have to
answer to five charges of perjury
an-I three oif obtaining money under
false pretenses. Hart has been
styled the "father of municipal cor
ruption" and if we may judge from
the city papers, he is despised by
both honest people and rascals.
He is very wealthy and has bee.
for years identified with every inn
portant public improvement in New
Orleans. He is given the credit of
having procured for the city elec
tric lights, rapid transit, better
pavements, streets, canals, etc. It
is in the establishment of these
modern enterprises that he needed
the aid of the City Concil and
bought councilmen's votes at whole
sale bargains and with the same
reckless impunity which has char
acterized transactions of that sort
in the Southern Metropolis.
The Timnes-D)emocrat would make
us believe that Hart was the victim
of circumstances and employed
corrupt means because they were
necessary to the. ,"march of pro
gress under our shameful system of
municipal governrment." The T.-I).
attempts to conceal its sympathy
for Hart, but it says enough to
leave no doubt in the mind of the
reader that it does not want Hart
convicted. The sedate old Pic
ayune strays from he: well-bcaten
path of conservatism and grows un
usually bold and aggressive and ar
raigmis Hart and the n mnicipal ad
mninistration in strong language
and she seems to inatul wli t she
says. O'.Iallcy's solckdo!oger, The
City Item, is justly p oud of its
success in blringling Hart to taLw,
and is deliriously happy over the.
downfall of the smooth Maurice
and continues to hup ,amnag ;,
evidence upon Iis dish inor-d Isca:d.
The States, as the '1T.-1)., wchlis ;:p
on the evils of mnunici al corrlp-i
tion, puts in a good word for liart,
tdiplomatica!ly straddles the ques
tion and leaves tlhe readler in doubt
as to wher.e it stands.
\hatL the outcon:se of the grandl
jury's findings w-ill 1e, no one can
telN: b:'t ti:-re arc two wecll-cstatb
lisl;ed facts: One is that Maurice
J. Itart is gettiu: unpl:e.:-santlv :near
to the present al,,l oif hIis whilom
friend and parter in crime, Henri
Bier, ant the other i3 that New Or
leans is in a prc:tty I,'ad ,sha-pe.
2I/EIk Ai ORALS ,,ISIL I'
POLL U'L 1D).
The persecution of 5eath-day
Adcventits in Tennessee continues
with that same cruelty that only fa
notics can he guilty of. S;abbatl
breaking is isot an itinlie tal I - offense
in that State, hut is piunsihanlde only
:by a small fine ipliOsed biy a nagis-
trate's court: ticerefor: tle Irose
clutors, or lather jer.clllutors, ha\Ce
recourse to a legal sttregy. They
incorporate in the charge of Sab-I
bath violation thuat of com unitting a
nuisance and Co'/ru//t , /.t" .')2
of the cotiimunuitniy, tic saiue lueing
done in the Lbi.e a zc. L. is i
this way these inoffensive, and as a
rule, good, honest people, are made
to work in the chain gang with the
blackest and most derlaved crimi
nals in the State.
{Byrd Terry, a stone mason and
farmer, was guilty of a horrible
crime in the eyes of the sanctimon
ious persecutors, and he was ar
rested and jailed. He had been
charged with carrupt.ng public
morals by taking a wheelbarrow to
the home of a neighbor; and for
this sacreligious conduct he was
brought before the courts and was
subsequently convicted and fined
$75, and the morals of his perse
cutors were elevated to the extent
of $75 worth. Plain, ordinary
mortals" will wonder how one's
morals can be contaminated by the
mere sight of a man pushing a
wheelbarrow on Sunday. How
such a common performance can
have a demoralizing effect on the
morals of a comnannity, however
saintly the people, may be surpasses
our und:.rstanding. Probably we
have not reached that stage of hu
man perfection where it is possible
to appreciate the manifold evils
arising from the rolling of a wheel
barrow on Sunday.
The Gazette speaks of these atro
cious persecutions and commnents
upon them, not that it indulges in
the idle hope of remedying an evil
which exists in distant States, but
because it believes that every jour
nal, however limited be its sphere
and insignificant its mission, should
raise its voice in condemnation of
the persecution of the Adventists,
thereby calling the attention of the
fair-minded people of the whole
country to this deplorable tendency
of some church people toward the
restriction of perscnal and religious
liberty which is undoubtedly grow
ing at an alarming rate, invading
gradually every nook and corner of
this once glorious home of the free.
J'O .i l AS IOLII7CIAA'.4
AlVD RRFOR1i.ERS.
Some enthusiasts in this State are
agitating the question of appointing
women on the school boards of the
several parishes. The Gazette is
confident that in this part of Louis
iana the good ladies would spurn
the offer of public office. None
could be found to accept posi
tions on the school boards or in any
public bodies. T'he 'new woman"
business will never be popular in
Jhe old Pelican State. It belongs
to Kansas, Colorado and other
crank-breeding States. It's bad
enough that th!e men have to be in
politics, without dragging the wom
en in it too. Nothing Worse could
befall our homes than the introhduc
tion of politics within their sacred
precincts.
Capt. MIcGrath, of the Eaton
Rouge Truth, has said the best
thing that has been written on this
subject. Here it is:
'-There is a rapidly growing sen
timent in this State favorable to the
appointment of ladies on the school
boards of the several parishes.
The only objection we can urge to
this is that it will be na very long
time after this concession is made
before some of these same women
will want to run for sheriff or cor
oner, and -s we have more office
seekers in the State than places can
be foutnd for, we don't want to see
the mnourners crowded. As the
legislature is l:ept pretty busy now
in creating new offices for political
henchmen, what shliould be the: rc
slt if womien shouhl ente:r polii es?
.'iih J1 d<.e record to th, in.- w w.
main and tie wonan's ri:,t wo
coIon, ve incline to the opini'sn lt.
sOeC will have her hands fill in
ir v , crl. caring hIer brood without
a 0c! : If~;,ice holdi:g tIo I,. r otherc
diti.s,. v ie have knos'n .':;. e
t, ri;i ar onnd the coilotry audll g
meet;n g:;, mnal ing spee-h,' and ."c
formiig "things generalQ., ac' yet
lllcr own sons, t rc', ,g, lack of
r;otherly courset a ti I,.'rei't'.l c'r'e
grew' u to be i u,,ront, v, orthl .
S-(ampl·s. i orno en would no doubt
ii :ek t excellent ciie ' ic rs or: C sc oot
i'.art!s, but they will sachiei'e better
rc .hs ly lo,,king 'ftir thir o n
fal., Ii" . th'n by giving ti cir t,,e t'
toe 'Oluliriiitity at l cr-c. It c"ea
oI ,:o her full .toy to ci, niiy
a,::1 teach l. I ,,toffspirinig;t ; fear (;od
and 'o obey the laws of their native
land, they will do ioi e ,.g, on'. for
tc ''man race h:;'i cu.lil hibe 'm
complished by years if :.cmviccs de
votc'i t, vorting scl'ool, tt favorite
h Ianic 11'. in e I .n . States '1 ls
, i thi , ,.in sl ien.c( ,f c1'in'no .,'iny 'int
,ral , eane an 1 ierv 'er'in. I ;ii t;e
I M i.,,m I ni, 1 h. . ii thi.i' .c . an'. h
:Ic-e lft,] unsc ul~t,,vsi-'li:.tt£ t.. (" l
Altice of Election.
LArAyETTm, LA., AUG. 13, 1895.
To the qualified electors residing within
the corporate limits of the town of Lafa
yette, and to all whom it may concern:
Notice is hereby given that an election un
der the geqeral election laws of this State
will be held at the court-house of the parish,
in the town of Lafayette on Tuesday .Sept.
2 2nd, 1895, to be voted at, only by those
qualified to vote under the general election
laws of the, State, and who reside in the
territorial liniits of the town of Lafayette as
established at present by act No. Itl of
IS69. The followi'ng proposition to be
C voted on at said election, to-wit: Whether
they concur in, consent and accede to the
annexation to the territorial corporate limits
r of the town of Lafayette, to be subject to
a the jurisdiction, control and authority of the
municipal authorities of said town aS fully
5 and to all intents and purposes as if theq
same had been originally iucluded therein
by act approved March x ith 1836 incorpor
ating said town, certain lots or lands con
t tiguous and adjacent to the corporate limits
of said town as follows, to-wit: Start
' ing at the bridge on the coulee west
of said town, between the properties of
Henry Hiohorst and l)ame Anita lIohorst,
B wife of Doctor Franklin J. Mouton, andl
running from thence along said coulee,
North 86 J% West, a small ash, 33 feet;
I' North 67 East, a.small ash, 36 feet; thence
N. J 1E., 300 feet in IIohorst's pasture;
thence N. 27 / i E., 300 feet; thence N.
e 12 %' East, 170 feet, in cemetery 200 feet;
thenuce N. 15 IE., 3S9 feet; thence N. IS 3z
1E., o10 feet; going from cemetery to Mrs.
S Judice's place, 470 feet; thence N. 7 J \V'.
o800 feet: thence N. 20 E. 3oo feet to south
east corner of Arthur Greig's property;
- thence N. J E., 623 fi;et to the big ditch,
2 1600 feet to public road leading to Scott,
2553 feet to the Louisiana Western railroad,
S 2653 feet to the north side of said railroad;
thence, F. 1024 thence South 77 E.
66o feet to the Morgan itit-oad (L.
WV. Division) 1250o to center of
Morgan road, 1760 feet to the public road
leading to Breaux Bridge, ISlo feet into I )r.
I F. S. Mudd's field, 382o feet to the south
west corner of his garden, 3900 S. about 75
feet beyond Dr. Mudd's residence, 4300oo
I fect in )II. '! uodd's back lot. Ihence sosithll
43 I: ". f"rn 1r. .Mt.td's to ':1!';i- : r:,:,d
leading to, !:reaux Bridge, 9.10 feet to d lln
tor Rictard 's lot, ro5o feet into .iown (fir
aid's r-olp:e'rly, 1790 feel to stake.
S'Fh t-·,'c s51:1,1 53 degrees we.,t, 71 ti.et 1..:ttcVCe
teet.e .ii:e. i'lCn:ce 5. -7 %., l t L t tJ t ia r
f '.· =(, tot ti , r cL tak (s2 ce i in d il ,-: ; thn! ce
4i \-V., t 5, feetI to N. 1. corirll of RoIundho e ya:rd
1;:o feet t., m;ii line . iorg:al. R i. Rvy. ,'.o t, 0.,,
P utldition: thence 5. -'9 \V. 1414 fet tto ok Iall, couq
c :,t d to lllici r i ca in to I'inhok: 'I ae e .
49 W. following thle p blic: road !,oo feel tr i....ule .
2 i fr .. . f the I...ill..c e of T. E il i,':iird's. ll'llhl dre
5. V. to 5. Is, corner of c1r. nard's yard.C
5l'hnc, 5 76 \,. ill AIr. Girard's pa.turc. 1oooe fct in
I ' . 1'. l Oati itichl. Thence N. 65 \\.,462 feet an
oak 2 feet in ui,tileteri south of L)r. 11outon's barli,
quo feel to a :2,ule e. 'lcllc e ftluli inl the cotlee to
the Iiildg,: startiiel Point i. t 1t. 5E6 [tot.
l,.-cr y jproperty tn tir votinlg at
_ :1;d! lec tion iS helcIy requtestcd to r rite catu~e to
be \l littl his Iamlle on tlhe back of his Iallut. s that
th:e rcsbllt lay Ie readily ascerltalined, .\hther a
tialo:ity in t ,uic. i a s well "i s t 1, num!, c r, of tihe tcc i l
f 1itic electors voting at siaid ele:tion, have -t~ .d in
iavor of anei8 . nd inchldinl tihels or liand folre
sa,:1 to the ter-ritori.l coruporate" li hts of aid, to .
'i T e lect siis shall saote i bl
I"t nt'! th2e ",.hl1t .5 used :It re:ljd vl,:.'.qn .hcltl
Le at a h:.e japer ui onl wvllid! h:1'- . iten these
,.,rdl:-- "".,r the i - i -rope ed nllln exactl: ll" "*A sI·.tiln.t
the pr:op,'o Jel n:~,_.a ,:1:,.' i; \cL.-s >. all beI
ca tu1.ed f,1r "r :gaianst the [ ro -ed
- i:t : i itl il e.ry c e ~-hen the .il I l:l of t1l":
St Cr .lall ap,pe:r on his L:tlht, the tolt:il:.: ,"i1,1:e'
- .!,:I- I.cc: a recrd of floh t c voe ,!ed o ,, site his
l:11ls 11 n i the liut of n.tiunes, so as to .a eL.tin the :c
I" ie poll shahl be opened from the helrl of >i:i in
5 t1,: l.u i tan o,,~, tý::tll se 'en tit C', it
:.. nil be dat of ..ud ct, ni-. t,, r- it ke I t  ot
ct: j r,, r. .: ,..ti :: . ý" , O ` 1 ,,: , ,:';:i !,;'; t. ", 1. ii.:
.-.: : ; r c li i n ts o ,i . i .S . b- ft
i" l'.1 1..1l,. r :hr the poll is cl,-att ,L:d the ve ,
:;re 5mlllt..d: th;, t belf,re lii c n ,i i n their ,dut,..
it 11 1- :`_ ;, cd lir: i.rt, ttd ILy 1 Zn V ,[.Z:. ,13 if :,,,  ,, ,
bi pl.e t.iL, 'y- ti::' C i n , m·'l 1 e:I, l'.$. t, eUt, 5 l- ( !ie
th1 -'f ti -iio, -hall pr,, ,-,ed t., <,,unt tile t,-ti
.,LI.o s1t lllou nt, tin ,. I l". I , n 1lt m i, i | I :.
'~ 2111e the vst.: u,.,. r.-. "_i. .d, at-.d 1i1 jlc -et(2 ýc
,ii it
St, the ed of l.the p.uv. : ,, tt al Irht . -
1:, t. sIn. . ":,i ,, :1 0 : i:i: r .,, ,
r R l- the end of the tallse-. 'i 1 let.em s, s . t t
pr' ,tve.t :mn i n lerati"'i the. 1 :11,1 t :.- 5"11:11
i , the b t hall t- pi t t ..,k
i. t o whlh ii .li .,e i iaed., -isle' d,
' ih the iallo.ts ttlsi, - `., ".n a t: ,ot," are
ini: 1.t . t h[ -e c ca5 -t. i ..\ r.1-x,: to: a:.d how , .i :.,:y
St , ,.d ite and it-o-lb- . i d: . 't l i
, : , nti als t i tIc i t, 1,, O l," te." , t- :ll: :-
i %1 ti: h : . it itaid f iu ' pr
. ti,, :t:e t.dl i 'h-.. t , : ta iriI th
:he - i ...I :, .iutl us , i:n t ':iPht h ti if
tthe ,i . ,,t the poll st -:i : l :iticntl t, ,at er t ith
1: erb,.t i,ai tha sthl wino o'al iid.
. u. rtci:;. J. E Cld. tti: : c11 ns ,:
'' ..lc . 1111t11 h, ii,, te a a, oy ha idr
' u .h.oit 1, ti n t, I thIE,, ctmln. iAIi ' to ,
-,pi aintrd to I,.cor G anli tS tit t!11 1 l-.1:::1 e .:" ,t"
t d lie1 t fo . incu.t,- - ot1 ng l i e ishi:.
dBred gunu h at'y-tle. A.1. '!"-"
1anyor of the toltn of Lafayette.
Remember that we do all kinds
of job printing.
Restores
oray Hair to
Natural Color
",9 ore than t, year ago, ny hir
began tiring gray and Ouallingt.
outr. Though I Bried mny reme
me until crmmened to use
Hair Vigor
e ion my r restore
it 1ts IS lterl color, n1d eaed
falin out."-- Vrs. ILERZ: ANN,
* 5t E,. 68h St., - ork, . .
Falling Out.
N.:U-l" Lafa'yette.f, 3.li.
Good Geuircc. Prompt Returns.
COLUMBIAW
IRICE MILL,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
abome mill which is among the
-|1'gest and best equipped of its
kind in" the United States; solicit
ing f .it a share of patronage.
Rice milled only on toll.
If desired will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
Shipments should be made in
strong bags and marked plainly so
as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
Sales guarantecd and accounts
rendered promptly.
DAN TALMiVAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEW OIRLE.\NS.
CII.\1 ItlSTON.
D. V. Gardebled
S a'eARF A IST,
and de a:ler in
Drngs, Patent dedicinces,
)'rngi;t.' Sundries, 'ine IPurfuunery
Toilet SV ai,:t , Cir.. T lr: ' ,cc',, etc. Sta
tionery, School II .:...::, ]Patint; and Oils.
Prcescriptions carefully co,1mpoutded at all
h.,u.,. o,f the day and nighti. Everything o
be found in a tirst class drugstore.
.Next to Falk's Opera Io e.
6EO. A. DEBLANC
-dealer in
WOOD, LIME IlTS rs COAL
Wholesale rna'; retail.
T'iac-iane-Sawedr & Split Ash
Cypress antd Pine riiinling.
All Or!'ers Pr ,,:ptly Attendled. to.
LA :VE "_'IE, - - - - I.()'.SIA:;A.\.
Ofle and Var, :nar IR. i. ID)epot.
2. nnaro,
.lir. JTenna,-in ill also givt rs .,lc le s:ns
in all kin. of ha .:i.; ; awnl c'lanri
tlnet. Parkeroni bi. l.. i:tar: .leptt.
Poor
LHealth
means so much more than
you imagine--serious and
fatal diseases result from
trifling ailments neglected.
Don't play'with Nature's
greatest gift-health.
If you are feelinl
out of sorts, weak
rand generally ex
u-i~'A~Klt'lhl •hausted, nervous,
r l EI i~y " have no appetite
' and can't work,
begin at oncetak
Ing the most relin
I ¢AZq ble stretgthteninp
II medicine ahich is
Iron Brownx's aon Bit
ters. A few bot
tles cure--benefit
very first dose-- i
vBiktt, aIrsit
pleasant to takc.
It Cures
DyepeFsia, 1idney and Liver
PNeuralga, Troubles,
Constipation, Bad Bliood
Malaria, Nervons aIr.ents
VWomen's commelaint.
Get onlv the genrluitn,-it has crossed red
linies onl the wrapper. All ottier s :ire rub;
veiil send sct ot Tor; Itc'5tii(u;, v ursa's
-`air Vilws anrd boolk--tree.
BROWN CHEMICAL CC,. BALTIMORE, MD.
CURES ITCHE
Cures Jange on D.ogs.
Cures Scratches quicker th.n
any o'theri knowxrn rme~-cdy.
Cures all skin diseascs.
LFor sale by
±t'C" ' t:t" .
cc-i ]r  ,.; : . .; , ," ,. .. . .. : "  ::
LEON PLONSKY
Still Leads with a Complete -Stock of
DRY GOODS
Clothing, Hats. Shoes. Underwear.
All in the Latest Styles.
Tennent, Stribbling & Co.'s Button Shoes for Ladies and
Misses from $1 to $4, a Pair.
STen, $o.oo Ten, Ten, o.oo, Ten, $So.oo
o AT-TE-T IONI
r The TENdency of all "rtNants of this terrestrial
sphere is t:.' at'ril.Nd tothe attractions inTEiNde to) E
o benefit them to any eXTEsxNt. V'e' thcrcfore ex
0 TENl a cordial invitation to .al inTrEN:ding to 0
6 make either a small or exTrl:sive purchase of o
" clothing this $10.oo 'r $o.oo s'prn" t give
C atTENtionr. to the large and
varied line T N of Suits, now
Sdisplayed ino.oo o.oo our s t o r .
0 We con ITE:N d th a t
you should not he contrrEted until you have d
examined the conTENts of our store and learn t
the great values there offered for Slo.oo. New
0 suits that wo.uld be g od value at $SI.oo to
E-~ $I5.oo, all await rTNants and owners of the
o property for the small amount of $Io.oo.
o In Cents Furnishing also we handle, O
vs Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes, etc. ,1
L LEVY& SON.
ThERE Is A STORE
ON TIE SOUTHWES F
COR. COUIT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the besa'L j Anjij-rs
and Liqutors for medicinal purposes, are soe ar;Ivss
sonable prices t .ur lthet s:
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
THIIS PLAEC IS OWNED BY W T. W LE_'
G. LACOST ,
-DIEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
Manufacturer's agent for \'Valking and Riding Culti,'2toris, ;;isc Harrow Leaver
Ilarow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, l lay Ral:c. Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and ecrmlillion Streets, LAPAYETTE, LA.
BIG POFIS mall Investments.
l.t 2tlu rn ir' paouit ;will rnl: ratan" I-c,. btut : hlre can they make so n lltich within a short time
SI } 00 FOR E.ACI- DOLLAR INVESTED can be made by our
IO.®- Systematic Plan of Speculation
originatel d by t:s. All slnccessful spcc, ulatiors i. pe :i. tc on a tuIt. .tr so-.ltr m.
It tI n wc'l-kno:wn fait t:hat there are thtu-,:nlds of ilen in all Irts of the Utnited States who. by
..ltndl doll: lr fort t thle ht~ut t lto iot'ests :t lllullect or ,u. lllirtdral dt ,!· : ti-1, to ! ~ooo to Ioo, ooo or nmore
tb tLh}- e l h, invt st a f:ew tholusanld.
It it alo' a fact ti;:t ths a ho ,nal: the I:r-e t Irrfits frt oi , : r: tirvrely :tll investments on this
Slt: : :r Ot a iho li'te awa ty io: Citicti.i, :hii i,-t throttI t -, t r5s to10 thorotughly uniderstand
I()t r I latn c. not risk tihe whole moulttt i iv:: li ; tral-, Ibut ,notcr- Inth sides, so that
vhNether thic nuarl.et ri-es o, falls It rt a..:. a steady ip .|t that Ii ils uIp c!orl.a t-!y in a short time.
I 't t t- e C O Y I"s -I t: ' t O ,'too , a t. ,r " itn1:t:tl ,n t ttcot..fl t Ictl lttitt and stir Otaiy
,l a ct , C i~ir'[. fO(O~l of n.tnc -IX(; , i .il~rs- . l A41 . P l: R. Our :tit uall; c.\.l:;oInIs margin traditrr l
tIlly. iii hctst rcte f ter tncc t :;.t c.., our ablntilm.t l sitsniL L . l
For furthcr intormation a d .chises.
THOMAS & CO., Bankers and Brokers,
241-242 Riaito Building, CHICAGO, ILL.
'"Things of the past are dead buried, andti forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can mhke good my assertion with the proof. ,y son, flENRY BEN
DEL, livcsin New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
SOver Competitors to Have a
esident-Buyer
In ~e-w York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
At: the Store of--
M As. John Oor. Tt outon ,
reJss Goods, h s