GAZETTE.
E VERY SATUADAY
tbe. Latl.eyet eLa .Po ~Obce as Second
rTUray, APiRM s t, 1894.
eT TURDA Y'S PRIAIARIAS.
mi pettual 'o this paper *ill
8Etri the -promulgation of the
Sa.VAssing committee showing that
itdlian Mouton has received the six
hundred and thirty-nis'e votes cast
it the pjtiiitay election held last
r,.&turday, April 14. Considering
)-hat.the f*rners of this parish are
~eer busy with their ciops which
are Unfortunately late for the sea
oto, and that only seven days' no
tice of the holdirig of the primaries
`tas given through the local papers
and that there was no opposing can
didate to Mr. 1touton, we must say
in justice to the Democrats of the
parish that quite a. large vote was
polled. At the primary election of
March 1t, 1892, as appeared in the
Advertiser of March 26, 1892, the
i'ghest number of votes polled was
fifteer hundred and thirty-four for
all the candidates, for any given
office. At this election candidates
*ere out for every parish office,
sheriff, clerk, representative,
coroner, justice of the peace, and
constables and it had been preceded
by the fiercest political contest
known to the history of Louisiana.
The contest had begun in the Legis
lature of 1890 and had been car
ried and fought before the people
for two long years. At hundreds
of mass meetings and processions
the strongest men and best orators
of both sides of the famous contro
versy appeared on the hustings to
arouse the enthusiami and passions
of the people. It may be fairly
presumed that all the white votes
of this parish were cast at those
primaries.
At the primaries held on the 14th
instant, although not preceded by
many demonstration whatever, and
.being remarkably-.quiet and peace
ful,- six hundred and thirty-nine
votes were cast, lackirý., c,'ly one
hundred and tventy .-:ght o.' being
half. of the votes o,,l'; :at the
primari ,.i 18a .
- in connection with this it may not
be an.iss to refer to the election for
"State Senator held a few days since
in the parish of Vermillion.
.` Although the voting white popula
;lion of that parish is equal or per
haps about zoo less than ours, after
a contest, the Democratic and
populist candidates received to
gether over xoo votes less than our
candidate for representative, who
was running without opposition.
This it will be seen that the vote
polled here was a handsome one,
evidencing the popularity of prima
ries and at the same time being
quite a compliment to the candilate
in this parish. The Democratic
Parish Executive Committee acted
wisely in ordering primaries and
should receive the approbation of
-al Democrats for their action.
The gentlemen composing that body
are evidently in touch with the peo
ple and know exactly what they
want. The alacrity and unani
rity with which the resolutions or
dering primaries, introduced by
Mr. A. C. Guiilbeau, was adopted,
demonstrate the fact that they de
sired to carry out the w-ill of the
people. Not a whisper was heard
against the resolutions, every one
acceding to the prol)riety of
adopting prfim-ries as a good and
safe measure. At three elections,
1890o, 892 and this one, the stand
ard bearers of the Democracy of
the parish have been selected byv
primaries and every time that
method of selecting candidates has
given universial satisfaction. The
rule for primaries is now firmly es
~tablished and the Democracy of
the parish is safe. Upon two occa
sions Thi Gazette has expressed its
preference for primaries as the best
method of preservtw the integrity
-of the patty and of keep;ing the ne
gro contingent out of poliies and
weare glad to see its views approvetl
b-y the action of the committee and
dorsed by the vote of the people.
. od Man's Evif Past.
Atlanta titution.
last yjear en the Christian En
deavor conventibs was held in At
mt, t ypras not a iore eloquent
-nd in l worker in that body
aCofp H. Hadley, of New
Searnest Christian reformer
tose who know him best still
Thatbelievef. But he rst
lastu Friday night which
enough to demoralize
almost any man. He was presiding
over a mission ueetiYl", when a
middle-aged, black-eyed woman
pushed her way to the platform, and
pointing her finger at hiii said:
It has beens nineteen years since
we met, and I come as a voice from
your past to proclaim to the Vdi'rd
that a child of yStiis a young girl
who is a Christian, is dying in a
house in Lexington avenue, iibt
from starvation, but from shame
that you alone are responible for.
Silent and motionless as a statue,
Colonel Hadly started at the woman.
Then a storm of hisses aroused him.
Facing his audience he made this
manly conf¶S~ton"
As ye sow, ye shall reap. That
which has occured tonight I have
been expecting year after year-ever
since I entered mission work. Seven
year ago, when I was converted in
the mission in Avenue A aiid Was
inviied t6dake charge of the mission,
I told those who should know about
this sin of my past, believing that
it would be a barrier to mry fitness
for the good work, but I was pre
vailed upon that God had then
chosen me for the work. And so I
now believes looking back over these
years that I have been engaged in
mission work. The women who
was here tonight followed me to
New York from Cincinnati twenty
six years ago. I met her while sow
ing my wild oats. I was more to
blame than she, for she was a
woman. It has been, as she has
told you, nineteen years since we
have met.
The astonished listeners torued to
look at the accuser, but she was
gone. The services then went on
without interruption.
Speaking of the matter afterwards,
the colonel said that all the blame
rested upon his head. lie had
wronged a woman when he should
have helped her, and while he felt
called to his field of missionary work,
he did not propose to masquerade
as a good man. He begged the
public to condemn him and to think
kindly of his friendless victim.
Perhaps a converted and refor
med man was never more severely
punished for the sins and transgres
sions of his past. Shakespeare
never said a truer thing than when
he said: "The evil that men do
lives after them; the good is oft in
terred with their bones."
The government of Mexico exacts
a tax of $25o on every corpse that
is taken from the country. An
American lady recently died there
and it cost the relatives S615 to get
the remains back to her native land.
Prof. Garner, who would faiti
converse with monkeys in their own
language and who spent three
months in a cage in the depths of
the African jungle trying t:, acquire
the simian vernacular, has returned
to New York. The Professor's ex
pedition was not an entire success.
To quote his own words: "I have
not learned more than six or eight
words of the ciimpanee language.'
G;ov. Tillman might just as well
luit copyrighting the Sourli Caro
lina Liquor Law. It is not likely
that any other State will infrinfe on
his patent.
Marvelous Restults.
From a letter written Iby Recv. J. Gun! Icr
man, of I)ion,nlale, Mich., we are perni,
ted to nmake this extract: "I have no hesitea
tion in recommuendling I)r. King's New
liscovery, as the results were almost mar
velous in the case of any wife. W1hile I
aas pastor of the tHabtist Church at Rives
Junction she was brought down with
Pneumnonia succeeding La (;rippe. 'Ter
rible paroxysms of -coughing would last
hours with little interru!ption and it seetmed
as if she contl, not survive theni. \
friend recotmarendod l)r. Kingt. New
1iscover5: it was qaick in its work and
highly satisfactory ini results" 'Tiat l I,,ottles
free at Wnm. Clegg's t)rug Store
Reporlt of the (Canvassitlg
Co mnmi sttee.
I AFvi. Ir It:., I.,A. April i4, 1894.
\Vc the unocrsignedl metiibers if tihe
)cnoeCratic Excsttiv .Conumtnittee of I.afay
ette lParish, biing a maIjority of the comnl
tlittee appointed by said Executive Coot
mittce to canvass atld recapitulate the votes
cast at the lemocratic ]'rimnary election hclt
c,n the 14th day of April, A. 1). 1S94. for
the eanc.idates voted for at said prinmary f "
the IDem ,oeratic nomination for the H lotuse ,f
.Representatives at the election called for
April 21, 1894, to fill the vacancy ill tlhe
said hlouse flof Representativecs from thisi
Parish caused by the resignation of !I it.
Overton Cade, and to proclaitn the result
thereof, after having exatmined the returns
and tally sheets from t Ii the precincts iif
snaid Parish, whlich we have after examinationa
as aforesaid found to ie regular in form, do
find the following to bie the true amtriunt of
votes cast for the candlidate votedl for at the
several preeints, to-wit:
l'oll one, ward six, fotr Julianr M,~lirfat 29
Poll tw., ward one, for Juliant Moittnt 64
Poll three, ward two, for Julian Mouton 37
Poll four, ward eight, for Julian .lotton 45
Poll five, ward six, for Julian Mouton qS
Poll six, ward third, for Julianl oloutton 16S
Poll seven, ward fonr, for Julian Mouton 62
Poll eight, ward seven, for Julian Mouton 52
Poll nine, ward fifth, forr Jul'ian Moutlon 64
P'ol ten, ward three for Julian Mouton .7
Total votes, 639)
And now, try tihe authorityvested in us, we,
the utndersigned members of said canvassing
committee of said Parish, do mow pro
claim that Julian Mouton has received the
Six Hundred and Thirty-Nine votes, cast at
said primary election heldmon Saturday April
4, r1894, under the rules and regulations
and by virtue of the action of the l)emo
cratic Executive Committee, and that said
[ulian Mouton is the nominee of the l)emlo
cratic party of Lafayette Parish, as canli
date for lpresentative from said Parish in
the House ot Representative of the
State and abnt s subch he is entitled
to the active suppirt of all white Democrats
a' the election called for April 251, ,1894.
Is tcstinrstny ahereof e" Isave set our
hands at Lafayette, La., this 14th day of
April, A. D. 1894.
L Signed) F. C. LATIOLAIS, Chairman.
A. C GI.LBsAU..
J. O. BaoUssARD. Secretaries,
Bucklen's Arnica Saliv.
THE BF'sr SALVE in the world for Cuts,
Bruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt Rheunm, Fever
oii's, T'ettcr, .Chapped Hands, Chilblains,
Corns, and all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures PileJ, or no pay required. It is
guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction or
money refunled. Price 25 ce.ts par box.
For sale Iby W. Clegg.
Police Jury Proceed4ngi
IAF.4AYr.Ir IC, ILA., April 14 1894.
Persuatit to adjourumnent the Police Jury
met this day with the following members
present: Ford Hoffdauir, C. C. Brown, R.
C. Landry, A. 1). Landry, H. M. Durke,
Alfred liebert and A. A. l)elhomme: Absent:
J. G. St. Julien.
The Jury of freeholders appianted to trace
a public road froam the Duou,o and aI.fayette
public road to the depot at Scott station,
across the property of Mrs. L. Ca'r."', sub
n:itte.l the following report which was duly
accepted and adopted.
Bly motion duly made the said road was
declaied hi~ghieay aitdl [t' documents pertain
ing thereto ordered file and recorded. The
sum of $2S5o was appropriated and set aside,
to defray the amount of damages assessed by
the said Jury of freeholders in tracing said
road.
It was resolved that M. T. Martin he and
is hereby employed to search all archives
and records tor titles to public roads of the
parish and his compensation is hereby fixed
at $25.00.
By motion of Mr. A. 1). I.andry it was
relve:l that the Southern Pacific railroad
company be and is hereby notified to mnake
a crus;ing at Scott station between Mr. A.
Jucdice's depot and the railraad depot in
order t,. connect the public road on the
north side of said railroad with the public
road on the south side.
The report of the Jury of freeholders ap
pointed to trace a road near Scott was
referred back to the Jury for completion.
MY'. liebert in the chair. Mr. Ilioffpauir,
submitted the following resolution, which
was laid over under thl: rules till the next
meeting.
Resolved that the saum of $40o be andl is
hereby aplpropriated to each Police Jury
ward for the purpose of working and repair
ing the pub r the pubi. reals of the parish,. and it is
further proviledi ttlat, the Police Jurors for
the respective wards together with tw.,
citizens appointed by the Police Jury, s' a 1
constitute committees in the several wardis
for ..uperintending the w'ork and applying
the said appropriaitons as deemed most adl
vantagious in working and repairing said
roads.
Constable Geo. Malag.rie submitted a
statement of stock sold sh wing a net receipt
of $27.60 which amount he has paid into, the
parish treasury.
The sum of SIS.4o were ordered paid to
Mrs. Francois Clotio for stock sold.
The follow\ing accounts were approved.
\\V1m. Clegg books for clerk.,s otiice 540 7.
Aug. L. Chappuis barrows etc....... to oo
The Police Jury the adjourned.
FOR1) IIOFI'PAL'IR, President.
R. C. Gti;ri;, Secretary.
Thle May Arena closes the nintt volume
of this leader among the progressive and re
formative reviews of th- English speaking
World. 'The: table of coutenis is very stron:
and inviting to thbose intercstedi inii: q-:s
tions anedadvancel thou.ht. Am >n tie inm
portant social and economic )roblem1 dlis
cussed and ably hln.lled in a b. eve and. f In
liamental manner, characteris'tic of this r-
:iew, are "Iothe First Step in the Lan I Qu,-;
tio: ,"by I.o is 1r. l',st, thetjeui",.nt it:.i ,.
"rax le ,l r: "l'ie l'hiltosop'ty of \Iitai::
Slisn," by profc;ssr Fr., k Parso s of the
-;sto . L'.ni.: I..uw :'ch'ol; " : u.'g n. y
\leasltres f>r .Maitainiug Self-Re; .ectedl
.anah ., 1." by thie E'dito- of Th: Arena.
Fihe Sal, lEvil is a!s., discus;ed in a sy;n
p:sinm. On: of the sironge:t paper on
ierdl.y that lh.as aippIcrel in recent year.
is fu n'l in thi.; i;;ssue from the pn of Illt1n
II- Gardner. Rev. M. J. Savage a;ppears
in a1 very tilhug'.tful paper on" lihe itl'igio4i
",f l.ow lI e l',s i:ius:"' a fine pIr-:trait of LIo
well aplpdii.a as a iroin tiseIpi-::. I.'. Ja.ii w
R. Cock c ntribt'.ies a strikini l;.:"i;r ,n
thie 11" Fi I .'wcr of the MlinIl in iic ti t: c ,of
1 )is 'as." .\ s:rong featu't: c':- thi nux':
b ir is a b:i f c!.ra: tr sk :t"i . t .- :1
'.in ' d oti',le "An O: ,iIl, 1 l Thi..' Stin
,.n Jbrvi, seris of I illianit :tp:i ; 1 "" 1'.I2
Asc,:nt of L.ife" chloses wi',t ~ i.s:.e.
Th. .\Arena ha.; made stalyv ro-re-;: is s
cir:ula tin having increased during the p-.hi "
antl it itas inecessarily been etlirgt to one
htlndred and forty-four pages. lier: is,
alsi. in a'litiin to this, the iook reviews,
which crover over twelty pages, llakn i in
all a tala.t'zine of over ut1 hundred tin-l
ixty pat,. "The s:eady increase in i rcul:ttion
if this  magaziine during a period of un
iprecedelntud financial depression s!hows h",w
leep rn. iel ainl far reaching is the unrest
and s >c ildic utentn. for this revi:w has
ladfai.tly ,'ivme autdienlie t. thI vi5 _we of
the social r-f 'nuer a of tile various schiliI of
Mint emplnilo-es wyill l.e glad to
learn that Secretary Carlisle has an
nillnt-ed that the mittt here is not
to l11 closed. There had been con.
sidlerablle ailpprehensironl touchling the
po ssible shluit-downi, and partictt
larly silnce the veto of t ho otle seigiln
iorage bill by 1're.ident Cleveland.
The question now is whether or nlot
Congress will provide thie necessary
appropriatit(ll for salaries, running
expenses, etc. Mr Robertson is a
mne:nl)er of the apl)ropriation com
mittee, and ipeople downI here seem
to l)believe that Mr. Robertson ought
to have influence enough to get
somiething for his State. lie proilm
ised whent here to do all he could.
States.
IThe IDisovery Saved His Life.
ir. G. Caillouette, l)ruggist, Beavers
ville, Ill., says: "'To flr. King's New 1
i )iscovery I owC Imy life. 1Vas taken
with l~a (;rippe and tried all the physicans
for eiles ahout, biut of no1 avail and was
given up aral told t could not live. Ilaving
I)r. King's Nfew Discovery in my store t
sent for a lholt'e an! Ibegan itS use ai froml
I the first dose hegan to get better, and I
after using three Lottles was up and about
again. It is wordt its weight in gold. We I
w mU't kee) store" or house wjthoiot it." Get
a free trial at 1Vm. Glegg's Drug Store.
To Delinquent Subscrlbers.
Beginning after this issue we will
send bills to our subscribers who
have not settled with its for the
past year. They can brfang is th~e
amuoutnut or send it by mail .
Desnand of Administration.
STATE OF LOUTSTANA PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE.
Whereas, J. J. Servat. of the parish of
tafayette, has filed in said t;ourt a petition
praying to be appinted adniihistrator of the
Suecessiuon of Marie E. Pica-d, deceasec,
any person intending to make opposition to
said appoiftntment will file the same in said
court within tin days from the publicatiou
of this notice, Otherwise said appointment
A ill be made.
Given under my official signature in the
TIWvn of Latayette, l.a. this i9th day of
April, A. D. 1894.
WV. B. BAILEV, Clerk of Court.
IVERYBODY
Knol an methiog of Photqrahpby nowadays.
an it h tn become iudespei:sabie in ovary bsnmeh
Ow INDUSTRY aro
ART.
WHY DON'T YOU BUY
a Camera, and learn to take rlctaroet Yon will
find it oneof tohe es.i.et of arts to naster and
we will take as m.:eh ploisire in teaching you
Vt~W TO USE
a $2.50 Watch Came-"a, as a $200 outfit, free of
charge.
If you cannot fit up a Dark Room of your own
we will do our developing and printing at
moderate pitoe. Giv'e nn a trial.
-hotographera Bupplies of Every
DemorIption always in atocok.
COR. CANAL anD
WOURaON STammrT
- - NEsw ONLman,. La,
WVL !MD. COlM1L
CONSULTING
---AN -
Co tracting Engineer.
uonst nc ion saPd l eutiti of
IIIGl-I GfRADE
STEAU1 C:NERiATIiu PLA1ITE.
Sugar House Plants,
COLEMAN
System of returning Condensed
Ste.m direct to boiler.
TIIE COLEMAN
Chimney Ba:se Feed Water Heater
TIHE COLEI,.I AN
Hot Blast Au'omintic iaga-se Feeder
TIHE COLEMIAN
HIollow Blast Btr 13agasso Burner
TIIi COLE.IAN
Sectional Safety Water Tube Do;lcr
most IB onomical Builer Aade.
IR iEPIlEaENTING
The T.D. v; .:n "sga t . to ?Nrn,
1' ilive atall l',,i ijna orf -t" I.o
Fulton Steam Boiler Works.
0o izontai Elatia:ry Trtba'ar Bailfrs
(,. I-l .n-e 1teeol, 63 00) 1! ti, rT. oil t-re .g h
Th o Imn) o i.ed .Vihllock n o.it:r ! u.ii ,.
lE .e i.ly ii.i.prtr. r,. 11 ivil g S g o r
iorix, To Tifir I ('os.,p nt' T·"vnrnl Stl
litl g.. r S t.o c tI.,nston aial
S n .i .,ts i ."g I ' a .i
§ - M zMS', 8:'? OrV:'i, La.
MILLINERYB
LOVELY STYLES
MRKS. M4. :. SI iýSON'S
whio, is now recci'ii:g "e
SPRING AND SUVMiER
GOODS.
ii Ix , ERS,
LIA("'S.
CiV-', .l-:. A C'. -L.
Election Not-'ce.
Peruilant tn brit ,r .:. ::' ,f electi', ;s
"ut l I,y his Fxcllen.y, ,lui hy . l'ost'r,
,l:te .at ti.e city of.lat,,n h »,:_ the 13th
:iii- ,t March. I.it4 an I dir.-cted t') me tAC
un lecrsigned auit rimy, the quali:id i voter.
of thei parish of I.fayett•. 1.a.. are here'>,.
u ,tilicel that nn elcctio, n will loo h-.4l thrt ý.h
tot the par'ii., on Satur, il. tihe 21ist day (of
A p ril. IS94. fron sevce n ,'i: ,,'k in the f,,re -
Inl n 11tntil six o' l.: k in t'" iz'.t.rnooI for the
piurpouC of elcc: ing o,- 'ep;1nntive
fri tiihe part ,i ,of I.naf v t: . 1.. , t. !ill the
'n-eancy in thn. gcncratl as t,-nl,ly oof IL,uissioan
cau-s I by the r.eligna: io: ti Illn. ),rton
"t 'h. fi. ,llwng p.,ls wi+ i c- e ,tpned in cac
election .reccinl from thie hurs of seven
metntiOlnel. ftr tll C ur s.- tf rlceivinzg the
v'tes if the qualified (cItors of the parish
of I.afayectte, to-wi'.
\Vard one, till two,- \t Juhle' ( uitlry';
Ilall. Co,,nu issione.: A. .\. I)eihu,mm',
lclix lh'rnard ad (. A. lioush-eau.
t:Clmmissioners: Alexanlder B'oussar.l, Ihugh
Coch'anse aind IRbert C. (;rcig.
1Vard 1, Poll to-At Mltuton switch.
(omnlmissionii rs: J. dlnlnid .Mtuton, lhllracc
M1artin al ttaul I.. 1)et.'locut.
Var.I 4, Poll 7-At II. Tl'heall's
wlarhotlSe. Cn lunist-lni Sll Ct:: (.)ctav Th'icrit,
LE. Pcllerin and A. .louchet.
WVard 5, Poll --Farmer's Alliance
Ilall. Cmluniisiionllcrs: Anurelien Olivicr,
1Vard O, Poll i--At II. Sitoneausx'.
Conomnmissioners: V. A. liroussard, Alfred
Cormier aml Adolph Guilleau.
W'ard &. Poll 5-At (Guill'ea's 11Hall,
Comnlmisdicers: Ignace 1ernardt, A. C.
G uilbeau and Alcide lroussarid.
Ward 7, Poll 8-At Isle Pilette pulbbi
school house. Comnllisione,'Is: El[,i Illonin,
J. S. ll',,s,-ard ant J. Aymar .alabbe.
WVard 8, Poll 4--At\l public school house,
near Lou:i 1 Ruhe ', Comni,·noners: L.. (.
lreaux, Clolboule l )iucet and Rolbt Thomnas.
The above named commnlss.ioncrs will make I
die return to me the untlersigtled, according i
to law.
ARTTItIR Gr'I (a.
Rctturnlg orffi:er of tile Parish of L.afayette,
Lafayette, l.an., March g19, 1894.
BEAUTIFUL As MAIIFREBL
AND LASTING AS TIME.
THen BEST AND CHEAP
EST TOMBSTONE MAN
- UFACtURL.D.
lifoline De~ai. 1hebasneiS'one
the -ppe." partion bale be reon-.
nervli.' rtrmol tith or patens
rent proofproeea In any color d.
1. Height 06 in. Width 11 la. 10 7 0
2 " 40iin. " 51.. 32.00
For Dealome, gmbem na Mp ttah apul t
W. T. COA TS -O ...
SHER-fF'S SALE.
No. 3S3t.
HENRI 31ERTIITIANCE GUCItIEREAUX VS. A~N
ASTAsIE BIERNARD, TUTRIX, ErC.
N 7tf; Judicial District Court--arish of La
fayette, La.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of a
writ of fiera f.eas issued from thhe 17th
Judicial I)istrict Court in the above entitled
and Numbered suit, and to mne directed; I
have seized and will offer for sale at public
atuction, to the last and highest bidder at the
principal front door of the c;urt-louse, at
Lafayette, I.a., on
Saturday, May 5-, 189 .
between the legal sale hours, the following
described peoperty to-wit: The wester"
portion of lot No. I of the inventory of .~fd
estate situated in the town of Carencr,; par
ish an-i state aforesaid, and having a front of
fi ty-cight feet on St. Peter stceet, by a
depth of one huucdred noall four feet, bou:nded
north by St. Peter rlreet, south by lot No. 2.
of said inventory. cast by the other portion
of saot lot, and west by l.ucie lier;nard, on
the following terms, to-:wi: 1 ;wa-thirls cash
on day of sale and Ibalance payable in one
and two years in equal installmhents, with
eight per cent. per antllnu interest from dail
until paid, said portion to be secured by
special m ,rtgage in favor of )amne Anastasic
Bernard, in whose favor notes must be given.
The said -property herein seized and sold to
be free from special mortgage of the minorC,
t.aurentine and Antonia G(;uc1traux, issue
of the marriage of Antoine G(;chereaux, with
Anastasic Bernard.
I. A. IROU'SSARI), Sheril¶.
Saf:~e4:c, March 31, IS94.
Cheap Store I
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker, J weler,
AND OPTICIAN.
Gold Medal awarded at Exposition ,
IS7S. Rep.airing of fine watchesa specialty
All work cheap ani. guarantee I.
Latfayette, La.
H. P. F OURNET,
AG(;EI.NT OF1
W. A: Valddercook,
Choice Wines and Brandies
I.os Angelos, San Francisco anti
A rizona.
OFFICE an<d 1)- 'P T.
SI'. M" ARII VII.I.I:, : : : : : : : L..
MT, CARMEL CONVENT,
LA-FAYETTE, LA.
The systeA2 ' f I luentri mn incl:lues the
trencui' anii E'.glib t !;tga:4.:. 1:isic an
nll k l t., of neet.dl.-iwork. I:.:ry .atten:ti n
w ill ii e ivren to, I'ai taialth nln I. c iif, rto f
th,:,e pula.'ed un i:er t'ie care of the i-tte:.
'Fr tetms aptply ti' al:.iior. I
MRS. -H. L. NONNI -,
Drzssak s _r,
Ie )sires to if.rm'I hter frii:, t, ud the gnm
r-at public:, that s'-t is pr:i are, t,) take in
sewing. arl slicits the cmaking a ine rss.
I I-2-- pi.
Cord Wood for Sale.
ASH, - - 3.5o per conr!
M IX1.I, - - 3.0o
. il re- ;:
LAIFA YI'TI E RICE `ILL,
lf.:-ycttec, la.
HORSES . I CHICAGO STABL C
HONEST DEALING 1 : lrttl . .a ,l/ k a ltl d'In iNlts
LOW PRICES IloI -s A uti;in 1., k'y
$) itti, fs and yoi soill sare )nrUmey.
Come and see
otn¢ .---O `8
Mouton Bros.
DIEALI1:{S I"
GENERAL
Mierclhandise
Lowest prices consistent
with quality of qoods.
AA 3
slid by TRAHAN. & DOULET, Lafayette; JULES PETETIN, :inset; E.- V- BARRY, Grati.:
Coteau: ~ MICAUO, Carencro,
FK ý`_ýý:ý'i!;ý i.ýiýL . "'.: iclý ;.a.i.L.ý-: _r''. ý.: .ie:edý...:'. -ýý- < ,..ý'-- "L -"''1'ý },
1 ij Store
2 wa"reroom3
Has just bought, for cash: At low prices, an iitmnensi stock of
DRYT GOODS, CLOTHINOf
BOOTS, SHOES AND HATS;
HARDWARE,. FURNITURE,
TINWARE, GROCKERY, ETC.,
To which hle invites tlhe attenution
of intruiding btyers;-, promnising to
gi-ve as cheap, it not cheopg r
prices, than found elste'hi ic
FELIX DEMAIANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS CHEAP._
6roceries " 5J"
Liquors i
Crockery Z "
Willowarec
and
Fancy
Noods GLE.
S.. C3. S~ Police Shoo, 83 oles.
3'. O, 5S2 for Workingmen.
.n7 lv- S1.75- for lIctys.
SL/ DIES AND MriaSES,
s, so.co sr, v1s3,
Ct-UTI --i-f ny dIal:e
o1t n a t'.,.l plut lt t nb ri
.. .. "- oJo bl:.ý. +ara .......... . ::'
•:~y.. cT; , ;:y .' .;Ai4 : . .  _.- .... ý . ý '"- A ý !' ow- aL:" fraud
WV. L. USLA3 n,:,- ar-: ,tyli-h, er. y fi.tin. . a ':. . ive better
satisfaction at the pr-ices ;dvertiscd t:han  othLr her ;ake. Try one pair ntrl be con
viiince. The stamping of .V. L. )cu--: :' zattn:; and prhic on .t.. bo:nom, whli-i
guarantees their value, n\&'c; thousl;andr . o dno'|;ia.- s Anin:aly to those whn - w.·.r thenm.
Dealers who push the sale of' \;. L. D) _las ::!oesC gain custozarl s, which h"elp* ?
increase the sales on their full line of goods. "r:.,,y enn wfford to sol tt i -. -ie. yT*-"t.
and we heileco yoll catn save mo .ney b ly b lv a7 1 vo . *urvt ,.sr o l tu:. ;S.,t:, a t:Cie
Used below. catalota freo aipna spplatioa. i.W. fir. i)OtLA,, uc:, siah.C
LEO DOUCE- -. AC..ENT
K V C OV+ 4i
I have just receiveJ a largq anr fresh stock of
Spriiig & Summer (oods.
In Gentlemen's Fiurnishitng;s I haVoc no equal in quality
or prices- My stock of Ladies' Dress Goods is the most
complete ever brought to Lafayetto.
SHOES, HATS to suit the most fastidious.
SAVE MONEY
and trouble by coming to nmy store
ILeon Ponskv.,