THE LAFAYETTE GAZE.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE PARISH AND TOWN OF LAFAYETTE.
.= - __ ...... ... . .... .... .. ----- - I -- -
j VOL. V. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY- MARCH 27, 1897. .NO. 4.
" "*... I ,. 'i'fm. - T'll volunteered his elvices, 'this no
-THE BLANCS
Will
'isited in the New Orleans Prison Br
-They Attend Mass in the
Chapel.
A representative of The Gazette M
-,.=uilted the Blaic brothers in the at N
liew Orleans prison last Saturday.
Seing accompanied by Deputy crin t
- heriff Mouton, we found no diffi- in th
tlty in being admitted into the day
. So many people call to see press
`the young murderers that Captain pmres
-SF.uljbam, was compelled to place the menr
following notice on the door: "No Gen
one can see the" Blanc brothers
without an order from the sheriff of appl
Lafayette." Despite this informa- vie,
tion some curious folk insist upon the
an audience with the notorious Den
criminals and retrace their steps
only .after being repeatedly told den'
that they can not be seen without a mitt
written request from Sheriff Brous- that
sard. in t'
ens
The visitor who expects to be as t
ushered into dismal corridors and der4
dingy cells, is agreeably surpr:sed. acts
On the contrary, upon entering the of I
the prison he is struck with the exe
open-handed hospitality of the offi- rest
cials and the scrupulously clean ap- cut
pearance of everything that meets the
his eyes. Captain Thomas Fulham ly"1
and" the turnkey, Jack Villere, are tiu
exceedingly courteous gentlemen gal
and it does not take them long to rats
make their guest feel perfectly at as
home. When we called, Ernest brc
and Alexis had not yet been placed Ipa
- by
in the condemned cells on the mu
fourth floor. eld
There was no perceivable change
iist
in the appearance of Ernest, but Cc
Alexis did not look as well as he ad
did when he was taken out of the in
" Lafayette jail. He siid that he the
had no appetite and was losing flesh ne
co
rapidly. HIe asked several times if a
.the governor had fixed the day for pr
the execution and seemed to be ca
.mote interested in that fact than all
was his brother, El nest. The latter co
held in his hand one of Dumas' nov- eft
els which he placed on a shelf -when pa
he recognized the visitors. He said w!
Bie was still enjoying good health
and was very well. treated by the th
officials of the prison. He appeared Ip
.pleased to see some one from Lafa- in
yette and asked if there was anything.
new. After a few minutes spent p,
with the prisoners and Capt. Ful- w
ham, we left the prison. Ernest I
. asked Deputy Sheriff Mouton to s
call again and the next day we paid al
another- visit to the prisoners. It w
being Sunday morning services were k
held in the chapel. About ,
-50 prisoners were in attendance. p
The Blanc brothers were seated f;
together and participated in the,
ceremonies with apparent devotion. j
-%After mass had been concluded all O
the prisoners were returned to their
cells, with the exception of Ernest
and Alexis who remained several
minutes in the chapel. Sister Mary (
Borgia of the convent of
Mercy spoke to them and
gave them a few devotional
articles which they ieceived
with evident satisfaction. The
kind words of the good nun seemed
to please them very much.
Stands at the Head.
Aug. J. Bogel, the leading drug
gist of Shreveport, La., says: "Dr.
King's New Discovery is the only
thing that cures my cough, and it
is the best seller I have." J. F.
Campbell, merchant of Stafford,
Ariz., writes: "Dr. King's New
Discovery is all that is claimed for
it; it never fails, and is a sure cure
for consumption, coughs and colds.
I cannot say enough for its merits."
Dr. King's New Discovery for con
sumption, coughs and colds is not
a- experiment. It has been tried
for a quarter of a century, and to
-day stands at the head. It never
disappoints. Free trial bottles at
TVsn. flegg's drug store.
A REPRIEVE A
Will be Asked for the Blanc Will
Brothers by the French Con- pr
sul of Newv Orleans who
Will try to Get a Con.- The
mutation of Sen- of Laf;
tence. days a;
M. D'Anglade, the French consul a propj
at New Orleans, the Times-Demo
crat tells us, has become interested mense
in the fate of the Blanc brothers A cot
sentenced to hang here on the 2d good t
day of April. It seems that the re- it is to
presentative of the French govern- who as
ment has called upon 4,torney comp
General Cunningham to '~4 u a com
what measures must be taken in the assiste
application for a reprieve, with a by the
view of ultimately securing a coin- At
mutation. Speaking of his visit to A
the attorney-generel the times- follMen's
Democrat says: flo
S "Consul D'Anglade does not
d deny that a horrible crime was comrn- Hopk
a mitted, nor does he contend that Bioss:
that there was anything irregular comm
in the trial. Neither is he influ- Girarl
enced by any feeling of nationality, by el
1e as the boy murderers and the mur
.d dered man were all French. He is and ?
I. actuated solely by a broad feeling Tbh
le of humanity in triying to stay the meml
execution. He takes the view that every
ethe boys never had the advantage of every
restraining home influence or edu- that
P- cution, and from. the roaming life crop
ts they led became depraved and easi- unmi
m ly*tell into error. This fact, taken yette
in connection with their youth, he class
rthinks should save them from the
en gallows. The younger boy, at any progi
to rate, he thinks should not be hanged, Loui:
at as he was under the influence of his
st brother and was actuated in the To TI
r part he took in the murder solely In
i by motive of robbery, the actual
he murder being committed by the tiser,
elder brother. with
e "Attorney General Cunningham yeal
listened attentively to everything I su
it Consul D'Anglade had to say, anl spell
he advised him as to the proper form
he in which to get his request before tatic
he the Board of Pardons. The Attor- nicil
sh ney General also suggested to the othe
iconsul that a movement looking to
or a commutation of sentence wouli one
probably have more weight if it ine
be came from Lafayette parish, where land
an all the facts were knowvn. The fun
tr consul appreciated the force of the a re
er suggestion and it is probable that the
•v- efforts will be made to enlist sym
,en pathy for the boys in the parish out
aid where the murder was committed". retu
ith The Gazette does not think that it i
the there will be or should be a re- ertn
red prieve, much less a commutation, mui
ifa- in this case. ray
ing. \We do not believe. that a single
lent person in the parish of Lafayette
?ul- will sighn a petition asking that a re
nest prievc he granted. It is unneces
to sary to comment upon the atrocity
,aid and friendislhness of this crime,
It whose details are only too well
,ere known, and- no sympathy for the
,out murderers can be expected from the
nce. people of this parish. They were fric
ated fairly, tried, ably defended, con
the victed and sentenced to hang and
ion. justice should be speedily meted
all out to him.
heir
nest LIVES AND CONIPESSIONS
'eral -
iary Of Ernest and Alexis Blanc Writ
of ten by Themselves.
and -
onal The lives of Ernest and Alexis
rived Blanc, written and signed by the be
The young murderers themselves and nc
med printed in pamphlet form, will be Li
sold at 25 cents a copy on the day
of the hanging, Friday, April 2. It
is in the French language and con
rug- tains an account of the murder as
"Dr. well as the confessions of the mur- eS
only derers. In the pamphlet will beS
a it found the early impressions of the
. F. Blanc brothers, who tell the story
ord, of their lives in their own language
New and in their own way. 'They speak i
d for of their mother, and one of them
cure devotes several pages to his sweet
:olds. heart.
rits." The book will be on sale at the
con- office of The Lafayette Gazette, the
is not post-office, Mouton Bros'. and Mar- I
tried tin & Ducote's.
d to- Remember that Alex Delahous- J
Iev saye has a splendid line of spring 1
Sii,,tinli i
A COTTON COMPRESS
Will Very Likely be the Next Imn- The
provement in Lafayette. T're
The Business Men's Association
of Lafayette held a meeting a few
days aga to consider the matter of Orir
Ia projected enterprise in this town, day.
which, if successful, will be of im- The
I mense benefit to the local trade. us Mo
A compress would be of incalculable Aug
: good to this town and parish, and Rayne
it is to be hoped that the gentlemen Jas.
who are endeavoring to organize a Crowl
company that will build and operate Mis
a compress will be encouraged and latv
assisted in every possible manner Dr.
a by those who are in a position to do New
so.
At its last meeting the Business Mis
Men's Association appointed the
following committee to take the Ob
matter in hand: Dr. Thos. B. at $4
Hopkins, J. J. Davidson, T. M. Ma
it Biossat and Crow Girard. The Acadi
"r committee met Monday in Mr. Hu
' Girard's law office and organized Sund:
by electing Mr. Girard chairman famil
is and Mr. Davidson secretary. An
g The Gazette is informed by the to h
1e members of the committee that
every indication points to the fact
- that before the harvest of the next that
fe crop the compress will be another stock
ti- unmistakable evidence that Lafa
en yette has made up her mind to be Ms
he classed in the future among the Sund
y progressive and thriving towns of ports
d, Louisiana. is s
ls Speaks for Itself. T
he To The Lafayette Gazette: most
ly In the last issue of The Adver- to-d:
he tiser, its readers were presented
with an attempt at horoscopy re
Ln vealing decided aberration of vision.
ng I submit that the appended word Acci
r, spelling is a more truthful interpre
,re tation of what the "'People's Mu
or- nicipal Ticket" stands for, than any
the other that could be offered. The
to people of this community have had Coo
ditd one regime of Vigneaux boss rule othe
ere and mis-management of the public Lev
he funds and will hardly care to have out
the a repetition of it. The success of whi
hat the People's Municipal Ticket holds fires
ish out such unmistakable promise of effe
l". return to Vigneaux boss rule that star
hat it is worthy of note that the prop- call
re- erty and the intelligence of the inoi
on, municipality is almost solidly ar- As
rayed against this hybrid ticket. was
g)DEMOCRAT. kill
gle iRe V illon of ;
ette lRosenf I eld
re- Girard
ces- Mouto N
city Campb E 11 fay
nme, 1. A coste
I. U sted 22,
l eli X (Salles) tha
the tio
the The following was handed us by a i8
were friend: cr
con- wm. Campbell tol
and C. Ii Lusted
etedI.. . S A lies mh
J. O. Mou T on
J. P. Rev I lion
S R. Mi. Ro S enficld
C. G I rard D
D
r,. Iacos T c
Nit jc
lexis Once worn, always worn. Can't J
the be found elsewhere. Any size
and negligee shirt, box pleated front, at
11 be Leon Plonsky's. tl
day
. It An Enjoyable Outing. ce
con- Last Saturday a number of young c:
er as folk accompanied by their chap- n
mur- erons spent the day at Beausejour ft
11 be Springs. After enjoying themselves v
f the in the swings and in games they o
story partook of a splendid feast spread for a
guage them on the green lawn. During c
speak the afternoon they took a pleasant
the ride aboard the Edith and went a
tweet- fews arpents beyond the Pin Hook e
bridge. Those present were: t
t the ilmes. 1Vinkler, T. M. Eves, Mlisses
SAlice Abbott, Daisy Mouton, Lizzie
IMar- Cayard, Cecile Breaux, Medora'
Lindsay, Virgie Younger, Victoria
Rin, Messrs. \\. C. Triay, J. 1V.
ahous- Johnson, J. L. Mouton, Joe Lis
spring bony, Ed Bertrand, 1V. Riu, J. MI.
| Marsh.
IN A FEW LINES
The Gazette Corresponddent
Tersely Tells the Newvs at News It
Ridge.
Subscribe for The Gazette. Mr.
Orin Spell went to Rayne Fri- Miss E
day. . itors in
The tail-end of a cyclone struck of Mr.
us Monday. Mrs.
Augustus Perry made a trip to visitine
1 Rayne last week. Mr.
Jas. Hoffpauir was a visitor in contra'
Crowley Thursday. erectio
Miss Anita Breaux is visiting James
* cantile
r elatj jn Lafayette. and il
Dr. A. O. Clark is sojourning in will gi
New Orleans this week. store.
a Miss Emma Spell attended the
e social party Saturday evening. brothe
e Oberoni says seed rice is selling robber
i. at $40 pei gallont in Crowley. ".Ring
E. Malachi Perry was a visitor in will a
e Acadia parish one day this week. peculi
r. Hugh Wagner and wife spent the sk
I Sunday with B. Hoffpauir and artist,
' family. memo
Another turtle baby is reported cottor
e to have' been born in Vermilion the tri
parish. float
t Constable Cummings announces
er that he will strictly enforce the only
stock law this year. the c
a- w
be Manoah Hoffpauir of Acadia we c
he Sundayed with your scribe and re- Scott
of ports farm work well advanced in Cat
his section. O. C. P. float
ignor
To be had at Lzon Plonsky's, the was s
most stylish, comfortable and up- that
r- to-date dime-toe ox-blood shoe. taken
.ed perfe
re- A FATAL SHOT
rings
Ard ccidentally Fired by a Nine
r Year-old Boy Kills His Play- bales
e- lnate Four Years His 2580
lu- Senior. it m
Lny - infar
he Joseph Emile, 9 years old, Ulysse ing,
iad Cook, 13 years old, and several the I
ule other little negroes living "on Mr. Scot
,lic Levy's plantation near Scott went the i
ave out hunting last Sunday. The gun smal
of which was in Emile's hands was this
lds fired accidentally, the load taking
of effect in Cook's liver, causing in
hat stant death, Dr. Trahan was for I
'p- called and held an inquest Monday dict
the morning over the body of the boy. will
ar- As everything showed that there finee
was no criminality attached to the exc
C. killing the jury reported a verdict W
of accidental homicide. apo
50soo01
Proclamation.
State of Louisiana, Parish of La
fayette, Town of Lafayette, March r
22, x897.--Notice is hereby given and
that at the municipal primary elec- offi
tion held in said town on March 18, rail
by a 1897, pursuant to call of the Demo- I
cratic Executive Committee of said bee
town, the following candidates for pat
mayor and councilmen, received bre
the following votes, to-wit: mu
FOR MAYOR: nin
Charles D . Caffery.............................. 74 Th
FOR COUNCILMEN: the
Dr. Thos. B. Hopkins ...................74 Ab
A. Emile Mouton ............. 74 we
Dr. G. Armand Martin...................... 74 no
Joseph J. Davidson ..............................73 Sc
Can't Joseph A. Landry ....... ............... 73
Alcide J. Bru........... ........ . 74
size John H ahn.............................................. 74 R
at, at It is therefore proclaimed that It
the foregoing candidates having re- on
ceived the majority of the votes be
oung cast at said primary ate the regular
chap- nominees of the Democratic party at
sejour for mayor and councilmen, to be lii
elves voted for at the municipal election
they on the first Monday of May, 1897, t
ad for according to the provisions of the
uring charter of said town. w
asant Notice is further hereby given,
ent a that the following DI)emocrats were
Hook elected at said primary, to consti
were: tute tne Democratic Executive Com
lisses mittee of the town of Lafayette, to
izzie wit: Julian Mouton, Edward G.
edora Voorhies, Isaac A. Broussard, Dr.
ctoria A. R. Trahan, Henry Church.
J. V. A. R. TRAHAN, M. D.,
e Lis- Chairman Executive Democratic
J. M. Committee, Town of Lafayette.
J j. J.D.1mrmo-, Secretary.
AT" SCOTT vlunte
dience.
News Items i'icked Up b' the Gazette turn ot
Correspondent. worthy
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Bourdier and I car
i- Miss Eva Stark of Rayne were vis- ladies
itors in Scott last Sunday the guests me a c
k of Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Budro. goods I
Mrs. Walker of Lafayette was Ilrs.
o visiting relatives here last Sunday. cago,
Mr. James Price has awarded the days a;
contract to Mr. John Price for the Priolla'
erection of his large store. Mr. South
James Price has been in the mer- shbuld
cantile business for nineteen years to her
and is a very clo"; uyr.: This nently.
will give Scott another first-class musici
store. numbe
We must hasten to apologize to our Metrol
brother from Carencro, as we have cago a
robbed that place of the just title, George
''King Cotton." Hope the brother well-ki
in will accept, as it happened in a tuache
peculiar manner. When we penned Gazett
nt the sketch and turned it over to the Mrs. I
ad artist, it had entirely escaped our ceive I
memory that Carencro was a large to take
ed cotton point, and after finding out Mot
on the truth, it was rather late as the a lot
float was finished. Still after fur- shade!
:es ther investigation, Scott was the their
:he only outside town represented at
the carnival and from that alone, Ele
we came to the conclusion that suited
re- Scott must be the -"king." Had more
inCatenoro turned out and put up a langu
float up-to-date, thereby letting us when
ignorant people know that cotton gish
:he was shi.ped in vast quantities from altera
LIp- that point, we would surely have this r
taken a back seat. Still we are perha
perfectly willing to concede the nedia
kingship to Carencro, providing count
ne- that the brother will add eighty tem
bales to his list and make Scott Hear
258o bales instead of 2500. Scott, ti ;n,
it must be remembered, is only an Bitte
infant town, comparatively speak- at Cl
rsse ing, whereas Carencro is as old as
eral the bird it de rived its name from. Ti
Mr. Scott has not a railroad running into
rent the interior for cotton, but it has a Jail
gun small number of farmers, who raise the
was this vast amount of cotton. strut
in- We are small, but growing, and amic
was for hustlers we have them, and pre- will
day diet that at the next carnival Scott and
,y. will take the lead, presenting the tion;
here finest float in the parade, with no Har
the ex ception. pusl
-diet We dott our hat to Carencro, and tie
apologize to our friend. We will T
soon have an opera-house. Where Cle
Gre
La- is yours? ing
arch Mr. Price will soon erect a large Tue
liven and neat cottage near the post- l'hc
elec- office to be occupied by Orton, the out
h iS, railroad agent. pro
emo- The equinoctial storm which had pos
said been brewing the last few days pre- an.
s for paratory to the regular yearly visit, cel
eived broke loose over this section with pro
much fury of wind, rain and light- cot
ning on Monday, at 4 o'clock p. m. int,
74 This is the time of the year when sir,
the days and 'nights are equal. ad,
74 About the 22d of September next lar
.74 we may expect the autumnal equi- the
.74 nox. No damage done in and around fir,
3 Scott on the 22d. jat
73
74 Miss Eva Stark returned from St;
."74 Rayne accompanied by George vie
that Budro, and will remai n a few days du
ng re- on account of little Satino Budro lo'
votes being ill. in
egular Orton has procured a fo:,t-ball
party and punching bag, and we predict a
to blife will be worth living in Scott.
ection The boys are making a good stride c
1897, toward exercise and enjoyment.
of the WVe will not be Fitzsimmonized, but C
will have a good time in general. R
Mgr. Albert Delhomme beat the P
cnt record on crawfish catching last a
eCon- Sunday. In a few hours he re
rd G. full, and after dropping a few at 2
D home, went to Lafayette and sold (
. out.
S The folk are preparing a con
ocratic cert for the new Catholic church of
fayette. Scott and will do all they can to
mnake it a -success. As OrtOn ha.,
volunteered his ,elvices, tittis. no
doubt will draw a good size au
dience. Ve hope the pepple will
turn out by masses as it is for a
worthy cause. Q(tl'oN.
I carry the most-complete line of
ladies dress'gbods in town: Give
'me a call, my priscs are right and
goods likewise. ILeon Plonsky.
TO rs. liuger )r Derbes, of Chi
cago, arrived in I.afayette a few
days ago and is the guest of Mrs.
Priollaud. Mrs. Derbes has come
South on account of het health and
should the climate prove beneficial
to her she will remain here pzrma
nently. Mrs. Derbes is a.t
musician, having been. d arin
number of years connected*with the
rMetropolitan Conservatory of Chi
cago and is recojimended by Mr.
George V. Kelsey, director of that
well-known ii.stitution, as a vocal
i teacher of a high order of ability. The
I Gazette is iequested to state that
e Mrs. Derbes will be pleased to re
r ceive the visit of any one who wish
e to take lessons in vocal music.
I* M outon & Hopkins have received
e a lot of nice matting, window
shades and curtain poles. Get
e their prices.
it Electric Bitters.
E, lectric Bitters is a medicine
it suited for any season, but perhaps
.d more generally needed when the
a languid, exhausted feeling prevails,
is when the liver is torpid and slug
in gish and the need of a tonic and
n alterative is felt. A prompt u.e of
re this medicine has averted long and
re perhaps fatal billious fevers. No.
ie medicine will act more surely in
ig counteracting and freeing the sys
ty tem from the malarial poison.
)tt Headache, indigestion, constipa
Lt, ti :n, dizzirness yield to Electric
an Bitters. Soc. and $100oo per bottle
k- at Clegg's Drug Store.
-+A-uenably Adjusted.
The differences which existed be
tween the Police Jury and the Pauly
Jail Building Company concerning
the material to be used in the con
struction of the steel cells, has been
amicably adjusted. Key-bar iron
will be used instead of flat-bar iron,
and the parish will pay an addi
tional amount of $187.50. Mr.
Harmon, the superintendent, is
pushing the work and will lose no
time to complete the job.
The committee, Messrs. WVm.
Clegg, R. C. Landry and R. C.
Greig, met Mr. Hull, the corntract
ing agent of the jail company, last
Tuesday and effected an adjustment.
The entire misunderstanding grew
out of the fact that Mr. Hull had
proposed six different plans or pro
3 positions to the jury, four direct
and two alternate. The jury ac
cepted plan No. 4 which did not
li provide for tne key-bar work. Ac
cording to the compromise entered
into the parish will ge t the de
u sired wood by paying 187.50
1. additional-just half the regu
it lar price.. Mr. Hull gave assurance
i- that the work should be strictly
d first-class and when completed the
jail will be one of the finest in the
m State. Mr. \Vm. Clegg, the super
ge vising architect, is attending to his
ys duties in the premises and will al
ro low no imposition in the way of
inferior material.
all Mouton & HIopkins have received
ct a full line of lawns which they are
ýtt selling at low figures.
Bucklen's Arnia Salve.
The best salve in the world for
Cuts, Bruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt
Rheum, Fever Sores, Tetter, Chap
ped Hands, Chilblains, Corns, and
all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures Piles, or no pay required.. It
is guaranteed to give perfect satis
faction or money refunded. Price
25 cents per box. For sale by W\m.
Clcgg.
la~aies' and gentlemen's fine um
brellas to be had at Leon Plonsky's.
If you need any .printed station
ery, we would like to furnish y.e'
with soPns of it.
..J