Rich BloodJ
rnalh, beeanse the
whichmsuppliesall the
the power to perform
Sarsaparilla
athe blood, mallag it rich
Sglying it vitality and life'
a. Thisl is whylood's Baras
when all other preparations
tried Hood's Barsparilla and
*M as excellent medicine for
leoeo I highly recommend it."
. L-Pawsus , Utica, N. Y.
tohod's Sarsaparilla
--:.z Is the Creat Blood Purifier.
ý?r I ds PillS es:y to buy, easy tLake.
S essry in effeolct. Y
:Y . 1EAAIn-""obbie, why didn't you speak
po Mrs. Bangle when you met her just
-wlr"-MRobb-ie-You said I must always
; hink twice before I speak, and I couldn't
Sink of anything to think."
p &e" ow is our wife" "U.r, her head has
Z ; bas troubling hersa good deal this year."
'Neatrvoea headache'" "Not exactly. She
' m .- on wanting a new hat every four
`° "."i.-Tit-Bits.
.; UBwswr-"-What in the world did you buy
,taf-r oda:for"' Bours-"I wanted to see
i c,lda' get my wife to 'look pleas.
IIG HEST AWARD
'ý ý WORLD'S FAIR.
D' rt T ALL
- r'B B s," rUirEo "TOG
Fo. CONDITIONS GESTE IVEORty
Dyspeptic,Delicate.Infirm and
AGED PERSONS
THE SAFEST FOOD IN
THE SICK ROOM FOR
INVALID S
J1N" CONVALESOv
"NURSINGI MOTHERS,INFANTS, e
UHILDREN
THpERAL GRU
1s SOLD BY
DRUGGISTS.
JOHN CAR LESONS.NEYO R K.
Lst yr wes se,,enei e eiborntet onest ivetlsinw.
1 t bsson .w were beit U1.cecl. OUR AYVItRTIS01Sa S
wra n sUsms.- Tshe was bat one tiug to do: wiUihdrw
Me eiesleblg andi deVOe nte nh tois ling the. orders
wcith w hiewe ond ed hs di, and hbndled au.s
 aaawmble raa rieesa n msacEs,a; s business.
..7i ?wlrr I[I 6RARC OUBI FilllOll r@ It618
' % r Oev se. ll ess s  ON cIR I.o ALL WIHO
fI1sla yetr we -oild not sdese plis hecae wewar
coe id i some ways to limit the oeand or Acermotor tagds.
'e woi YawJ hea satisfied with lowew pries. but why creste
ir dend whieh we colid gt scppll f e has mande the
esrtet prcheas od l Mend materiaiil bolhbt In Amerlc this
Shih eabsle c to me napraednt prices.
-Iqa ltg, o .andrir. , ar. d hrr assibat'ty to
Is Kl f oose. as nad fn ors. wr without competitors.
S o eareanSo Wei ww y is. o propoed to turnish i
feed euh e•nder rtaiw eseditons for 615. For rasons st aid
- imrew did not eomlplO the ·d ertii10.d the teed eat
_ erwegt rpt oat. WO sow props to e ks amends in
theo lltý_winn nnW- we will nnouns in this ppeer our
!a kALL.euns Tl& r BUT Om 6 CUTl5a. wolTH
140 at $10
eh wttn eier.1. . b. Chic•e. Onlyos to person, he ts
faiseh eddweases o en nseokehhcwho onlcteb to hace somc
Shies in eaer se. Cet, descipen0 snlid fei laiormetio rwe
dine t.w11i apper seoon.
s 5r c._ j e sre d' ibs cw to s.thlep S.
pewp.wearsd rto Ai. c.t-SMe Ul6o.
See pieei thapg outputt o our testors rws
penbii i hae e ss e. eeb piece, and
thes .eis the bnd isborl o nit to mSaly pihing ep
Mhe aterial and i scr It downagain. schaill be
eo.o the cotos labs put on the mcstrial which we
eil thaI at is not woth msetonioci. We here be
Com the Irest iedee in se mtcial isn the country;
the mtewri.. ! course, be. ins made up in the ftorm o
etesi 5aletssdiaeteri•-.. pletion windmills, tower
Silting nd f5iedi. tnh.. pumlsp, etc.. To suech an
escent les i.b becometrue end to scsh an ewtest has
thbe pyreie! oa loos Isdc on that eaount the wi.
me 01 t oar bhlne s- pn ereda mpetto mos.
• Jrnm~it wlR olr tB T~ lTSAR.. rOTHy l ITr eR.
stte ws 1350 THE3 ONLT ABSOLUTIY. RILIdABLE AOD
tna EaROT eaRn BSa BECAtW E a LORIS E Pitrta.
T N'1O OALT.ARIR t IETERTTHtsN R IT | IS C(O.
irss an eellcrO s sVsEr'THG EXACrLYr RoIGHTl.
em1  enesrnean wise, for. evesn thoih they may noet
ars.chM the hat i wheels. the wheol will h.i. the hest o[ cep
pocc. Ssi to m your nere and addres, end tho of y our
eilbbrsh wh mned soaMthi in urins e lie. nd thereby di
elo sgc trn. The Aerccte Co. is one o the .ect uccess.
e lhsises ensewpries which hb been iehed in cint
eIm. Is a seeeiis oi ertetemiente will he dlseceid ad tmds
cler tho Ises en which thet suere hb besn worked out. It
eis saples to come other imter's Iay a career.
AwIotgotr Co-e l ýrtelwktFl &lmeeto..htIlll
2_SNo
F WORK-N
0. iOUDO'VM ..
.. Bev5~7mI~lp
P&4Shoes]C~
flN eSUSIy StE~*btS~
tbsirnssv~e~r.
I*y~es ofc
steukw.
, Sam
Blood Is 1i. and upon the purity and i.
tality of the blood depends the health of the
whole system. The best blood purlfer is
Nood's Sarsaparilla
This Is proved beyond any doubt by the
wonderful cures whiob have been accom
plished by this medicine. Weak, tired,
nervous men and women tell of new
strength and vigor and steady nerves given
by Hood's Sarsaparilla. Sufferers from
sleeplessness, scrotula, salt rheum and the
severest forms of blood diseases 'ia
found relief in Hood's. This is be aue
Hood's Baranparilla puriaies the blood
, ! Hood's Pills the aftr-disner pill and
amity Oathartic. a5o.
as THE WORLD OF ART.
1st
y; W .zLLax L. ELsuaU, of Philadelphia,
't offers a prize of 85,000 for the best pice
ture painted by an American artist.
" Tan largest bronze statue in the
world is that of Peter the Great, at 8t.
he Petersburg. which weighs about 1,100
ur tons
TE authorities of Stockton-on-Tees,
ay England, will erect a statue to John
Walker, a chemist of that town, who
died in 1857, on the ground that he In
vented lucifer matehes.
AccoDNlGo to a recent communication
made by the mayor of Bayeux to the
Paris Academie des Inscriptions, the
famous Bayeux . tapestry, the unique
representation of the Norman conquest
of England, shows signs of rapid de
cay, in spite of the protection of the
glass case.
Josern JErFmsOaN, during a rec~nt
visit to Washington, presented to the
Corcoran art gallery a landscapo
painted by himself. It is in oil and
represents an interior wood scene,
with the pleasing effect of sky and
clouds seen through the branches of a
group of massive oak tree.
SuccCsr L illustrators evidently
make large incomes. Mr. Abby is able
to occupy a noble old country house in
Great Britain and to scour Europe for
data needed in the course of his work,
while Howard Pyle lives in the Dela
i ware home of Ambassador Bayard, a
historic mansion of large rooms and
ample grounds.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES.
FOUR rhunDRED tons of top weight
must come off of the new French bat
tleship lrennus before she can be made
seaworthy.
. '. i- -. t-, be sent to the Iles du
".l, t, ." tii ~i. ,t of French Guiana,
ir .,o" 1: ?·; w Caledonia, as "the
.. r ; . ping will be less.
p 1vuAkun -tIED now has a little
girl. The baroness is Princess Eliza
both of Bavaria, who a year ago
eloped with a young cavalry lieutenant,
whom she married. Her mother is
Princess Gisela, daughter of the em
peror of Austria.
Miss ANNIE HAYEs, of Forest City,
Me., was examined by a board of pen
sion surgeons recently for a pension as
the dependent child of a union soldier.
She wcighs 438 pounds, and as a result
of the surplus avoirdupois is unable to
do any work, hence the pension.
A GENTl.EM-AN who discovered that he was
standing on a lady's train had the lresence
of mind to remark: "'Thoughl I may not have
the power to draw an angel from theskies,
1 have pinned one to the earth." The lady
excused him.
°AsasrA-"-Why don't you eat your plum
pudding lRichie" Ric.hie (grown critical
with rop'ltion)-"There's too much cologne
I in the sauco."
"I1 LOST my head completely. And then I
kissed her " "l don't quite see how you
managed it l"-Life.
MEN who declare the world owes them a
living are usually too lazy to hustle around
and c:ollect it -Texas Siftings.
YouGo TouRIST--"Wh'at shall we try".
Honest Waiter i in a whisper)-"Try another
rcstaurant."-Life.
"HAVE you hoard grand opera I -n
C He-"No; hut I have been'at the zoo when the
lions were being fcd."-Inter Ocean.
CONSIDERINGo the opportunities the LorE
has for finding people out, we don't see
wvhere He gets any angels.-Atchison Globe.
H.unncr (scribbles) -"My dear fellow,
couldn't Ulend me a V?" Wiggins cscribbles
below)-"My boy, you must think that I am
a J I"-Harper's Bazar.
MoST men who are kind to a fault are
kinder to their own faults than to those of
anyone else.-H-ousehold Words.
ALwAYS to think the worst I have ever
found to be the mark of a mean spirit and a
base soul.-Bolingbrokc.
JUDGE-"Your age, miss?" Elderly Fe.
male-"Thirty-two.' Judge (to secretary)
-"Put down, born 1232." - Fliegende
Blaetter.
THE vigor with which a good man shouts
reform is only equaled by the vim with
which he votes his party ticket.-Cleveland
Plaindealor. -
TnuRn never was any heart truly great
and generous that was not also tender and
compassionate.-South.
A PaoUn man is seldom a grateful man,
for he never gets as much as he thinks he
deserves.-H. W.W. Beecher.
A CLEAR conscience is a greatfortification.
--Galvcston News.
A FRIEND in need is a friend who goner
ally strikes you for a quarter.-Tammany
Times.
THE man who first said that figures never
lie probably never saw a ballot.-Philadel
phia Record.
Ir God made the country and man muds 1
the town the devil must have designed the
suburbs.-Life.
[ AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
A GREAT OCIVILIZER.
that I. Whet 1z-spekuer seis cai a
Shon Couetry soed.
1' Hon. Thomas B. Reed, ex-speaker of
S the house of representatives, in an ad
dress to the graduating class of the
Peiree College of Business, in the
Academy of Music, Philadelphia, speak
a lng of the various forms of wealth and
1. the comforts and benefits arising-frow
I, and made possible thereby, made the
. following significant allusion to the
a country road as an asset of the nations,
a and as a factor in contributing to the
e wants and necessities of the human
e race:
s "One of the greatest civilizers of the
world is something we hardly think of,
either as a civilizer or as wealth-the
common country road. Few people
ever think how much roads cost us.
They represent the surplus labor of
non. ThouAs B. BEED.
e centuries. They make possible the
' transfer of the abundance of one region
to supplement the want of another.
And yet, the modern road, crossing the
country in all directions, traversible by
carriages and carts, as well as beasts,
I does not go back to the times of good
Queen Bess. Indeed, in her reign
thousands might starve, and did starve.
in one county, while abundance filled
the granaries of the others.
"Think of men and women and chil
dren starving from mere lack of that
form of wealth which we call roads in
the days when Drake and the great cap
tains were scouring the seas in search
of the Spanish galleons and Spanish
gold, and when the military might of
England hurled back the Spanish
Armada and all the power of the great
est nation on the face of the globe. In
the very heart of London, in the street
named after the king himself, the only
way one of the Edwards could get to
his parliament was to fill with great
bunches of fagots the holes in the
street."
ANIMALS ON FARMS.
A Deerease Reported of All indes Ex
cept Sllcch Cows.
The statistical bureau of the agricul
tural department has given out the fol
lowing report:
The estimates of farm animals for
January, 1895 show a decrease in the
number of horses; as compared with
January, 1894, of 187,281, or 1.17 per
cent.; a decrease in mules of 19,123, or
0.81 per cent.; an increase in milch
cows of 17.129, or 0.10 per cent.; a de
crease in oxen and other cattle of 2,
243,952, or 0.11 per cent.; a decrease in
the number of sheep of 2,753,953, or
6.11 per cent.; a decrease in the number
of swine of 1,040,782, or 2.30 per cent.
In value horses have declined 24.1
per cent., mules 23.5 per cent., milch
cows have increased about 1 per cent.,
oxen and other cattle have lost in
value 1.1 per cent., sheep have declined
2.2 per cent. and swine 16.9 per cent.
The decline in the prices of farm
horses is general throughout the coun
try. The exceptions are to be found in
the mountain and Pacific states and
Massachusetts. The range of horses
is from 810.18 per head in Utah to 874.13
in Massachusetts. The average value
of milch cows increased from $21.77 in
18903 to $21.97 for last year.
The average value per capita of ani
lnals as estimated are as follows:
Horses, $36.29; mules, 847.55; milch
cows, $21.97; oxen and other cattle,
$14.06; sheep, $1.58; hogs, $4.07.
The aggregate numbers and value of
animals are as follows: Horses 15,893,
318, value $576,.740,560; mules 2,333,108,
value $110,927,834; milch cows 16,504,
629, value $362,601,729; oxen and other
cattle, 34,304,210, value $482,999,129;
sheep 42,294,064, value S66,685,767; swine
44,105,816, value $219,501,267. Total
values of live stock on farms is 81,819,
340,300, a decrease of $351,370,440.
Road Foundnatons of CJoth.
The Massachusetts highway commis
sioners' board has found in building
macadamized roads that upon loose,
sandy soil much stone is wasted by
being driven into the sand. In such
cases gravel, when accessible, has been
placed upon the sand to a depth of
3 or 4 inches, and the stone laid on
this. By so doing the cost is greatly
reduced. There being no gravel at
Martha's Vineyard, cheap cotton cloth
has been spread upon the sand, and
over that the stone. The sand does not
work up through the stone, and much
less stone is required. Layers of tarred
paper were tried, but without success,
as the stone pressed through them.
About Eoarly Seed So·ring.
Plant seeds of nearly all varieties to
be started indoors as follows: Fill shal
:ow boxes nearly full of good garden
soil, sprinkle the seed over, then sift
on enough fine soil to cover the seeds
well from sight, press down firmly
with a bit of board, sprinkle or set the
box into a pan containing an inch
or two of water until the moisture '
begins to show at the top of the soil,
then cover loosely and set in a warm
place near the stovepipe. Watch the
box that the soil does not become dry
and as soon as the first plant appears 1
move to a sunny window.-W. F. Heath,
in Firm and Home.
Best Mannure for OsGardes Peas.
The thoroughly decomposed manure I
taken out of last season's hotbeds is c
the best manure for garden seeds, t
especially if a little superphosphate is t
used. After the soil is put over the a
stable manure when making hotbeds, r
apply ten or twelve pounds of super- c
phospHate to each bed 6x30 feet and t
rake it into the surface soil. For early
plants, select for the hotbed a south- e
eastern exposure backed by a high f
plank fence or a belt of evergreens. A
screen made of swall pine trees will
answer the purpose.
A, exchange claims that in deep 5
setting of milk, when the air is pure, it I
is better to leave the tops off tkhe' can. a
It is claimed that the flavor will be t
better. d
TO MAKE A. MOTBED..
A slbjlee In WhhEvrh ae armer shesM
ale aterested.
A hotbed of convenient aise for the
farmer may be made as follows: Thq
frame may be -16 inches high at the.
rear and 14 inches in front from the
level of the ground, and covered with
sash of any desired sie-. The. boards
are nailed together at the corners
fastened to Sx2 inch acantling, . but
gardeners first make a pit, 1 foot deep,
and use a frame 24 inches at the real
and 22 inches at the front, according
to the kinds of plants to be grown. The
height at the front, however, depends
on the width of the bed.
Fresh horse manure, free from lit
ter, is generally used. It is the. few
mentation of the manure that creates
the heat. If the manure is too loose
it may create heat more rapidly than
desired. It is better to mix the ma
nure in a pile, allow is to heat some,
and then turn it over and well mix it
again before using it in the hotbed.
Having trampled the manure. firmly
cover with rich dirt to which has been
added one-fourth its bulk of fine, well
rotted manure. There should be no
lumps, stones or pebbles in the hotbed.
If necessary, sift the dirt. The thick
ness of the dirt should be about 6
inches. As there will then be about
a foot of space between the dirt and
the sash (the hotbed being 24 inches at
the rear) ample air space will tis be
provided. If the manure does not ieat
up quickly and is slow sprinkle tht bed
well with hot water, first adding a
small quantity of air-slacked lime to
the water. If too much heat is ren
erated use cold water alone. When the
heat reaches about 60 degrees plant the.
seeds in rows, but more warmth will
be required for the young plants
B later on.
The frame should be well banked up
with dirt to prevent the effects of the
D frost. The object should be to main
P tain as even temperature as possible.
On clear, warm days the sash may be
I raised slightly in order to admit air
s during the middle of the day, but this
will depend on many circumstances.
i The better plan is to hang a thermom
eter in the hotbed, and to visit it fre
- quently. As the heat from the manure
t decreases the weather will become
warmer. Gradually accustom the
- plants to the atmosphere as much as
i possible, and transplant to the cold
i frame such as may be suitable for that
f purpose. - Some sort of covering should
be used over the sash at night, such as
an old carpet, with a few loose boards
i over the carpet. The temperature of
I the atmosphere must be the guide in
management, as the plants must not
be kept too warm or become liable to
t being chilled.--Farm and Home.
COVER FOR PUMPS.
A Method of Protection Which Is Effeet
lye anti Yet Pimnple.
At the north, pumps in cold, bleak
situations are liable to freeze up, caus
ing a vast amount of trouble. In the
accompanying . sketch is shown a
simple method of protecting one of the
common piston pumps. An outer
jacket of wood envelops the pump. It
should be large enough to allow a
three-inch space all around the sides.
This space should be filled with chaff,
finely-cut hay or straw, pressed firmly
in position. Additional protection is
given by the piece of board, a, which
has a hole in it that fits closely over
the pump handle, and during the cold
est weather, when the pump is not in
use, this board is placed as shown in
the, illustration, pressed against the
side of the pump, and hung upon a
nail at b. If in a windy location, the
PUM1P PIOTIECTOR
spout should be stopped up with cloth,
leaving enough projecting to readily
remove it by. Anyone who has had
to water cattle in the morning and has
found the pump from which he pro
posed to get water frozen solidly, will
appreciate this simple arrangement for
preventing such a state of affairs.
Careless employes may leave the pump
unprotected on cold nights, and find it
frozen in the morning. To fix in their
minds the duty of looking out for it,
let them carry 15 or 20 pails of water
from a more distant well for the morn
ing watering, and they will not again
forget it.-American Agriculturist.
Turkeys Hatched i Incaubstors.
Turkeys can be and have been
hatched in an incubator, but not with
as much success as chickens. We think
it a better plan to hatch with the nat
ural mothers, as it is a surer way and
saves trouble. A large enough per
cent. of the eggs do not hatch as a rule
with the incubators, and there is much
watching required when raised in a
brooder. They have to be fed every
hour, and as they have very delicate
appetites, they cause more or less
trouble. While they require attention
even when they have old turkey hens
for mothers, still she is able to provide
some for them, qnd is also able to keep
them warm enough. We really think
it best to leave the incubator for hens'
and ducks' eggs.-Poultry Queries.
How to Keep Flowers Fresh.
Lovers of flowers not rich enough to
buy often have various ways of pro
longing the life and freshness of the
few they get. Violets may be kept
fresh if placed in fresh water and, cov
ered over night with a tumbler. Most
flowers will retain their freshness for
several days it kept over night in the
open air. Anyone possessed of one of
those delicate French clocks that have
to be covered with a glass dome cannot
do better than sell or pawn the clock,
usually an object' of neither use nor
ornament, buy flowers from time to
time with the proceeds, and use the
glass dome as a protector for the flow
ers at night. It will keep them fresh
for days _
wast Feel willt Do.
It is pretty well established that no
amount of feeding will increase the
proportion of butter fat in the milk,
but it is just as fully proven thlnt the
amount of mnilk may be increased and
the proportion of fat kept up. Foeeod
,does it.
i. r IE U. S. Government offla- .
idally reports ROYAL Bak
Ing° Powder superior to all
others in leavening strength.
(5.1kg., j'lýet4jbMU
It is the best and most economical.
moYA. sans powS CO., tos wAuL r., NEW-Ylom.
A LADY who called t a house about one
o'clock expecting to share the midday meal
and obliged to go without receiving the de
sired Invitation, betrayed the current of her
thoughts by taking leave of her friend as
"dear Mr. Luncheon."
FiPe Pssawt WOma-"I am so sorry
your husband died. And then the funeral
expenses!" Second Ditto-"Oh, I wouldn't
have minded the funeral expenses if he had
only remained alive."-Fliegende Blaetter.
oew's Tsatl
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for
any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by
Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CeSnxs d Co Props., Toledo, 0.
We,the underone have known F. J.
Cheney for the a st Syears, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to carry
ut any obligation made by their firm.
West Truax, Wholesale Druglsts, To
ledo, 0. Wnading, Kinnan d Marvin,
Wholesale Druggistc. Toledo- 0 o
Wal's Catarrh Cure j tdaken internally,
acting directly on the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price 7Ti. per botr
tie. Sold by all Druggists. Testimonials free.
Hall's Pmity Plls: ZNc.
IT was asked about on indifferent football
player what plao he occupied in the field
was he a full-bhck or a half-backi "No,"
was the reply, "ho was a drawback."-Tit
Bits.
Best oe All
To cleanse the sy stem in a gentle and truly
beneficial manner, when the springtime
comes, use the true and perfect remedy,
yorup of Figs. One bottlBwill answer for
al the family and costs oTily )0 cents; the
large size $1. Try it and be pleased. M anu
factured by the California Fig Syrup Co.
only.
CALLR-a-"Did your mother do any of the
work on this picturet" Flossic--"Yes'm;
she talked for live or six weeks tryin' to
make folks think she painted it."--ntor
Ocean.
TAl Hamilton, Drown Shoo Co., Sit.
Louis, need not complain of hard timos, as
following comparative figures will show :
Sales for 1895 up to March 1st....... f1.00'.81.44
ales for same period 18s4 .......... 104.*ll24
Gain 115 to March 1st........... 7.,876.20
Sna--"Col. Fiestnite considers himself
such a critic that hoe never smiler during a
performance." Ao-"ltut you should see
him between the acts."
Mzts. Housewlia--"Aroyon a plain cook?"
liss O'Rceilly- "Well, ma'am, they do be
thim thot say Oi'm quite good lookin'."
A MAo may run into debt, but he seldom
conies out at anything faster than a walk.
Texas aiftings.
A MnN finds no consolation is seeing
plenty in the world-if some other fellow is
eating it.-Cleveland Plaindealor.
A Bank
Failure.
AN INVESTIGATION
DEI'IANDED.
A general banking business is done by
the hulinnn systenm, becanse the blood de
posits inu ts vaults whatever wealth we niay
gain from day to day. This wealth is laid
up against "a rainy day" as a reserve fund
-we're in a conditioni of healthy prosperity
if we have laid away sufficient capital to
draw npon in the honr of our greatest need.
There is danger In getting thin. becanse it's
a sign of letting down in health. To gain
in blood is nearly always to gain in whole
some flesh. The odds are in favor of the
erms of consumnption, gtrip or pneumonia,
If our liver be inactive and our blood im
pure, or if our flesh be reduced below a
teall/y lstandard. What is required is an
increase in our gerDm fghrl eine strenih. Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery enriches
the blood and makes it wholesome, stops
tie waste of tissue ind at the same time
builds up the strength. A medicine which
will rid the blood ofits poisons, cleanse and
invigorate the great organs of the body,
vitalize the system, thrill the whole being
with new energy and make permanent work
of it, is surely a remedy of great valune. But
when we make a positive statement that 98
per cent. of all cases of consunption can, if
taken in thie early stages of the disease, be
UREt with the ' Discovery,'.' it seems like
a bold assertion. All Dr. Pierce asks is that
you make a thoronugh investigation and
satisfy yourself of the trutl of his assertion.
By sending to the World's Dispensary Med
ical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.. you can get
a free book with the names, addresses and
photographs of a large number of those
cured ofthroat, bronchial and lung diseases,
as well as of skin and scrofulous affections
by the 'C"Golden Medical Discovery. They
also prublishl a book of 160 pages, being a
nedical treatise on consnmption, bronchitis,
asthma, catarrlh, which will be mailed on
receipt ofaddress and six cents in stamps.
A friend advised me o
try Ely's Cream Bas and r
after using it sin t riks I .U COLS
believe myself eured of
tarrn. It to a mswt valuable
remedy.-oseph BStewrt,
624 Grand dAe., Brooklyn,
-. Y.
CATARRH
ELYT' 08AM ] BAL
Opens andeleanas. the Nasal Passages. Allays Pain
ini Insammatlon. Heals the Sores, Protects tie
Mtembrane from colds, Iestores the sensems or oast
and 8mell. The Balm mquloekiy absorbedand lves
relief ast once.
A palrtBelos appled Lt, eae nostril and s agree.
hiL. Price R1eata St rarenta ore b mail.
ELY BiIO~tHMIS. 59 Warrns Street, new york.
Babies and Children
thrive on Scott's Emulsion when all the rest of their food
seems to go to waste. Thin Babies and Weak Children grow
stroxg, plnpr and healthy by taking it
Scott's Emulsion
overcomes inheritedweakness and all the tendeacies toward
Emaciation or Consumption. Thin, weak babies and growing
children and all persons suffering from Loss of Flesh, Weak
Lungs, Chronie Cougha , and Wasting. Diseases will receive
untold benefts from this great nourishment. The formula
for making Soott's Emulsion has been endormed by the med
ical world for temnty years. No secret about it.
Sesd for jnmkphtt on SScot's Emdrsies. FREE.
Soott * Bowne, N. Y. All Druileate. 80 oents and S 1.
Brisreus Bas a undred arms.
Nervousness has as m .ny queer symp
toms. But whatever these may be, they
one and all depart in consequence of the
soothing invigoratiug influence of Hos
tetter's s tonach Bitters, wlhich tones the
system through the medium of thorqugh di
gestion and assimilation. Tremulous nerves
soon acuire steadiness by its use. It pro
motes aloep and appetite, and fortifles the
sstem against dease. Malaria, constlpa
ton, rheumatism and kidney troubles are
relieved by it.
Tau rule of thoeminority-that of the first
baby.
S FOR
CURES 80CROFULA,
BLOOD POISON.
S THE
CURES CANCER,
ECZEMA, TETTER.
S BLOOD
"Aye I There's the rub!"
And that ought to be enough in itself to seal the
doom of bar soap. This rubbing with soap
may get clothes clean, if you vyork hard
- nough, but can't you see how it wears
them out?
Follow the directions that come on
* every package of Pearline, and you'll find
that you not only do away with the hard
and ruinous work of rubbing-but that you
save time, and actually get better results.
At every point Pearline is better than
soap. But the mere fact that Pearline
saves the rubbing-that ought to settle it.
BEI Peddlers will tell you " this is as
B W --good as" or "the same as Pearl.
ine." IT'S FALSE-I'earline is never peddled. If your
grocer sends you an imitation, be honest-send it back. 463
Love
Lightens
Labor
so does
SCLAIRETTE
Sa SOAP.
This great cleaner comes to woman's aid
on wash-day and every day. Makes her
work a matter of love instead of drudg
ery. Try it. Sold everywhere.
Made only by
S- The N. K. Fairbank
Company,
st. Lot..l
R We think Piso's CURE
for CONSUMPTION is the
only medicine for coughs."
JENNIE PINCKARD, Spring
field, Ill., October I, 189.
I CONSUMPTION
....CURES WHERE ALL ELSE PAILS. BEST COUGH SYRUP....
TASTES GOOD. USE IN TIME. SOLD BY DRUGGISTS. as CENTS.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
with Pasties, rMal'emO nd Palatl whlaisk
sain the hands, injure the are., and bius
sed. The Rising Sun Stove PolIsh ts ail.
Iant, Odorless, and Durable. 2Jee
cmntains six ounces; when o sten- wll
make several boxes of Paste Polish.
HAS AN ANNUAL SALE OF .000 TONS.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, f ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never falsed exceptin twocases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure lswarranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver-or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the-stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
NEEDLE JS S R---Ei' Q .nd or e
s.nHU5 TaTL EA?5... gs Ones
/OIE YFIRS. .... . .n e...ln.g . maIt. e
or. JACKSOI 8 ISDIAN eSy SALTS& .. o.te sd mssm.
r.am. sad srn.ad .s at .nee. 23 enrat ata d et
A. N. K., P 1543
wawr WrrIINGO TOe A&UVUrTrsS PLEAS
tstea that yee saw the AdverusetIsme In lt
ap-n.
. WALTER BAKER &, CO.
The Largest Manufacturers of
PURE, HIGH CRADE
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
On the Continseat, has reeeled
HIGHEST AWARDS
Aore the gret .
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe am Amlerica.
=%liketheDu tehP Fo Al.
I tOplo oore Cbhenro or Dye.
SOLD BY OIosts amntrWHPL.
WALTnr BuRO&a e a ,cCoIcsTe urlas
POTATOESI.
I'rru ~thy Us~d I~s.