: samatess WL Ase. LSl
Sisling yield was reported I
r, Halan, of Wisconsin, but Sal
always get there. The
bural New Yorker reports
6bushels and 8 pounds per
lroe +oe"e eo ~ser's early pota
SAltbeve -t4o bushels- are ro ab
a new seedling Hundredfold.
S "pew early potato, Lightning Es- '
has s record of 808 bushels per e
He offers potatoesas lowas0. 50 s
sbarrel, and the best potato planter in ne
1 µhe world for but 02. pa
: Itou wILL CUT Tra OUT AND sND It
~ith- postage t tlhe John A. Salzer
:_eed Co., La Crosse, Wi, you will re- too
( eit free his mammoth potato cat
ST'ogue and a package of sicteen-day th
"'Get There, Eli," radish. [z] u
A CIncAgo man who had just surrendered sic
rhis watch to a footpad was moved tore- w
'r marek that he didn't know when he ha been
So paemsied for time.-Washnliton Star.
Dnetness c eots be Cured ly
loo~J aplicatons, as they cannot reach
toedissemed portion of theear. Thereisonly
one way to cure Deafness, and that i ~ con
stiltutinat remedies. Deafness isc.uaed by se
an inflamed condition of the mucous lining a
of the -uastadhian Tube. When this tube
tisinfamed you have t rumbling sound or
tmperfct hearing, and when it is entirely di
losed Deafess is the result, and unless te in
inflammation can be taken out and thistube c
restoredtoits normal condition, hearing wbill
be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ten o
are causeed by catarrh, which is nothing but
a inflqned condition of the mucous *a hb
We will give OneHundred Dollars for any
me of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that ac
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure. a
Bend for circulars, free. t1
F.J. CHwVEr & Co., Toledo, 0.
'SolM by Druggists , Bc.
fi
It is Not What We Say
But What Hood'a SaraaparlIla Doss b
that tells the Story, b
Hood's Cures
t
ý- 1
Hearlburn, Indigestion
Distress in the stomach, etc., made me unhappy 1
Hood's Sarsaprilla gave mean appetite, as
·isted digestion. overcame my stomach troublE
sand I began to grow fat. Less than three bot I
Hood's Cures 1
ties o Hood's, reatoredme to bealth." In .
ROsuaron. St. Louis Grocer and General
Merchant, St. Louis. Mo.
MOOd's Pills are purely vegetsbip, per
feotlry harmless, always reliable and be,.efacl.l
U
OOUCHS, COLDS,
INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION.
LOUIS 000K. Nu=W OULESIES. .sys : "It ghi
-negreatpleasure tobe able to say that I.o eok's
Cough Euiir is the best pre aation for coughs
and colds I ever used-and i ihae used a good
many. I cheerfully recommend it."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
MPIC, oo00. and s1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS &bCO.
New OrSene a s. -
Ohildliro'rvw Fat
on Scott's
Emulsion,
because
fat food s
make fat
children.
They are
thin, and remain thin just in
proportion to their inability to
assimilate food rich in fat.
Scott's Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil is especially
adaptable to those of weak diges
tion-it is partly digested already.
Astonishing how quickly a thin
person gains solid flesh by its use!
Armost aspalata'le as milk.
Se.aedb.. Seott Bas., .Y. All ag.le..
Cavr't Let Go
the De Long
Hook &
Richardson
DeLixgBros.
S Philadelphia.
See that
hump?.
ne: l
FARMER AND PLANTER m;
of
LIVING ON POOR LAND. of
-A A-beerblag Questia Im the IIaly Li *e as
oft llMani armer.
W. ith a large,number of farmers the
absorbing question is, how on a poor,
run down farm, without capital, to get t
enough supplies to last through the
year,and the little money absolutely l
necessary. This question is often ip- in
pantly answered by the advice to move cl
to a better farm,-as a tenant, or to go th
west, etc., but this is generally imprac
ticable, as in most cases the farmer is th
too poor to change.und he and his fam- to
ily are neither able nor willing to do
the large amount of rough work which l
such a move would necessitate. lie- h
sides a foothold or home of your own,
with all its accompaniments of old ti
friends, local attachments and fixed
habits, is a gift of God not to be light- si
ly abandoned. d
Having to face such conditions, the h
first thought should be economy; not
seeing how the family and animals I
could be fed on the proverbial one C
straw a day of which the old horse C
died, but the management of the land
in such a say that the greatest net in
come could be produced from it with
out injuring it.
t If any farmer who feels hopeless of
• his ability to support his family will a
sit down and figure up the supplies ab- c
t solutely inecessary, he will be surprised n
at how small a part of the products of c
the poorest farm it takes. .1
My experience has been that the n
largest waste on the average farm is S
from unproductive stock. I mean the S
keeping of two or more poor. ill-fed an
imalswhen one good one would answer
better. Do not sell what you have and i
buy fancy stock, but keep the best you '
have, and feed and care for them bet- f
ter. even if this reduces you to one c
horse, one cow, and even one log. I 1
put this'wnste first because it actually
wastes something in hand, viz.: crops
already secured.
The most important waste comes in
trying to work too much land. This
means ill preparation and ill cultiva
tion, the working of poor land which
might be left to rest and recuperate, I
the taking of vhmtat little profit milmht
be made on the better parts of the land
to pay the poorer, having to provide
pay, board and labor for-which you not
only receive no reward, but draw on
yourself vexation and loss, the forcing
of your dearly-bought crop on a glut
ted market, with the laborers waiting
at your door for all the money received.
Farmers are prone to denounce specu
lators. All men are speculators who
Sby hired labor produce mlore of any
article than they need for their own
use. What shall we say" of the
- speculator who speculates with
not only the probabilities, but
y. the certainties against him, as
any man does who attempts to
,t. makp staple crops for sale from poor
land, and with hired labor. And just
how many men, knowing this, plunge
from the frying-pan into the fire, by
E buying manipulated commercial fer
tilizers. From an experience dating
- back to the conclusion of the war, as a
aL market gardner. farmer and traveling
salesman of agricultural implements,
I can say that as a rule. it does not pay
to use for staple crops manipulated
fertilizers on land originally poor,
either for the crop to which it is ap
plied, or for the future benefit of the
land. I do not mean to decry the use
of commercial fertilizers for special
crops, or for giving tobacco a good
start, or for getting a stand of clover,
but for the last two. it is neces
sary that the land should
have been originally poor. I also
think that there is no way so cheap or
easy to improve land as ly the free use
of pure bone flour and potash salts,
but this is like saying that the best
way to improve poor land is to buy
good, for less than 400 pounds of bone
and 200 pounds of kaint has no ap
preciable effect on poor land, and less
than 100 pounds of each has no very
t marked effect. Another waste is try
ing- to do more than your own labor,
,e money on conmmland and supples on
bk' hand will allow you to do at the proper
sp time and in the proper way. And
lust, but not least, the making of a
debt of a;ny kind is to lbe avoided.
.3ien on good farms may sometimes be
right in anticipating future income
from their property, but on a poor
faarm this is never justifiablc.-C'or.
home and Farm.
CLEAN UTENSILS.
A First Reqgulsite to the tcarceril Dairy
man.
One of the most .da ngerous germs t hat
can infest milk is that found in old rot
ten milk in the seams. joints and cor
ners of the utensils used in handling
thie milk. One of the most serious ob
jections to the use of wood milk pails.
butter bowls and utensils of this kind
is the dilfficulty in keeping thacn thor
o oughly clean. Many of these are mnade
of wood that ablsorb, to a more or less
to extent,.buttcr fats; and wrhen lsedtl for
some time get full, and can not other
wise prove but a nest for thie propaga
tion of these germs. Then a little
carclessness in cleaning, will leave
more or less in the seams or corners to
rot and breed germs, that are not only
S- destructive to the good quality of the
butter but breed disease.
So far as is possible use tin and
pressed tin utensils, when it is possible
Sto secure them. The l.ss risk of hav
ing these germs, and the less work re
quired to clean, makelcs this class of
utensils tile mnore economical to use.
If hot water is used witlh soda, and
care taken in cleaning, tlhere need he
no difficulty in keeping clean. It is
still best however-, to air a few hours
at least after using. Clean utcnsils
is one of the items in manange
ment that while comparatively usual,
is nevertheless important, when tihe
best quality is to be considered; and
carelessness in this respect is often tlhe
cause of the butter not coming up to
the standard. Mlilk so easily takes any
odors in the air that care must be taken
Sin every respect to have everything as
clean as possible--especially the ves
sels that must in any way come in con
tact with the milk, from the pails used
SIn milking to the packagres in which
the butter is sent to market. In mak
ing the quality of butter that secures
the ilghest price every detail must be
looked after closely; and few. if any,
are of more importance than the keep
h ing sweet and clean the vessels used in
managing the milk, cream and butter.
--lfarners' Home Journal.
- m Dl"at epen oa Cotton.
tWith the nar apiroeach of the plant
ing season it may not be amiss to cau
tion farmers against buoying themn
,eghvn wp wihh homNs ot A hrirwbthw ls
ture of eotton or upon telying tooe
much upon the shortness of the C tops
of the last two years as an indication
of better prices next fall. No auspi
eious events have occurrod to justify
us in. anticipating more favorable P
markets for tie fleecy staple in the t,
near future. This year's acreage swill
be fully as great as that of last and ats
the yield undoubtedly much heavier. ch
while from present Indications but
slight improvement may be looked for bu
in commercial or manufacturing cir- eel
cles. The business outlook justifies ch
this view. u°
In view of this unpromising outlook s"
the first care of the farmer should be be
towards a bountiful production of food as
° crops for man and beast, to the breed
ing and raising of cattle and hogs for vi
home use and market, to the cultiva- of
tion of fruits and vegetables for the TI
table, and to the practice of wise and as
intelligent husbandry generally. He bh
should avoid debt, be economical, in- or
dustrious and thrifty, that he may find dc
e himself at the end of the year inde- to
It pendent and self-sustaining, instead of
belonging body and soul to merchants. "I
e Competency is easily within the reach fo
of diligent farmers and it should be fa
the aim of each to attain it.-Baton tl
Rouge Truth. fc
Lookinag Ahead.
f At this time of year every dairyman I
11 should make up his mind just what
y- crops are best to be grown on his farm
d next.summer, keeping in mind the
,f certainty of a draught to be met in
July or August. The short pasture
le must be helped out with some kind of 1
is grown crop so that the cows will not
1c shrink in milk yield. This can best be
. done with corn stalks or green fodder, B
;r but bear in mind that there is no profit r
Id in sowing corn broadcast. It grows P
nm up thick in stand and slim in stalk and
t- filled with wind and water. The
le cows like it just as they like beer, 0
I but it makes little milk, and is al- C
ly most sure to upset their bowls. In t'
ps other words it does about as much e
harm as good. The only kind of corn 0
in to feed is a stalk raised under natural I
is conditions with plenty of room for air s
a- and sunshine, and then it stores up 1
;h some nourishment. In other and C
-, plainer words whether you intend to
et cut the corn to help out the pasture, to
ad silo it, or to gather cane from it, plant t
de it just as you always have. You will a
ot get just about the same weight per t
n acre and far better quality. Another f
ig crop to help out poor pasture is the I
it- cow-pea that can be either cut or pas- r
tured, and make a splended crop for
d. emergencies because it can be either l
pastured, cut for hay, or allowed to
ho mature and the peas threshed out.
There is no better cow feed.-lHome I
ny and Farm.
vn
he How to Use Cotton-Seed l eal.
th It should be mixed with hay, wnill
ut feed and corn meal. lie careful not to
as give too much; begin with a small
to quantity-a handful, then tw-o-.tnd
,or increase as your cattle get used to it.
Ist For milk, butter and beef, give two 1
ge quarts of cotton-seed meal, add five
by quarts of bran, two quarts of corn
er- meal, and a little linseed meal, to
ng prevent constipation. Dampen so
sa that the cotton-seed meal, bran and
ng ground grain will stick together and
.ts, mix well.
may These are daily rations for cows, or
Led cattle of heavy weight. Do not give
or, young cattle as much. Feed calves
ap- one-half pint and lambs one gill daily,
the mixed with other food. T)o not'
use feed cotton-seed meal to very young
ial lambs or calves. You will get
od very rich butter, firm and solid, and a
er, number one beef. The value of the
:es- manure is very large, nore than one
nld thinks for. The best meal sells at
lao wholesale in New York at twenty-ivre
or to twenty-six dollars for best, quality
use for feeding, and less for fertilizing
Its, grades.
pest A good many farmers now include
my cotton-seed meal in their feeding ra
ine tions, while its superior fettilizing value
ap- is unquestioned. I think that the de
ess iand for it will keep on the increase
cry yearly, as fast as consumers get better
ry- acquainted with it.--Edwin A. Moore,
0o01, in Farm and Fireside.
on
per HERE AND THERE.
nf -1t takes 200 pounds of good butter
in a year to pay for the keep of a cow.
be -A barbed wire fence and winter
kme ille:d grass make poor shelter and
.or food for cattle, yet thousands of head
or. have no better.
-To get the elrliest peas sowv any
of the earliest samooth sorts just as
soon as the frost is out of the ground.
They will flourish even in soil not yet
try- dry enough for ordinary garden crops
-Do not allow a dog in the stable,
hat for his presence will irritate the cows.
rot- Do not allow the hired man to smoke
tor- there, for the fumes of the tobacco will
lin do the milk flavor no good, anti a
ob- chance spark from the pipe may fire
ils. the barn.
hi 'l' Thle whole superstructure of gar
Io- dening. especially the branches of
ae floriculture and landscape gardening,
less depends upon the love of the beauti
for ful. We can not make use in utility or
her- senise of flovwers, lawns and shrubs,
L- anymore than we can pictures or stat
ttluny.
-a -That a cow should sell for less than
her earnings for a rear, is an anomnaly,
m but a fact. A fifty-dollar cow is ex
pected to producc not less thian seven
t.y-five dollars' worth. A similarauom
and slyexists in the price 'of agricultural
ible hands, which are expected to sell for
s- thile value of one year's average crop.
S --Some dai-rymen invite their cuns
tomers to visit them and see how their
uSe. business is done. Others are too bash
and ful to do this, and would much rathler
Stheir customers would attend to their
own businsss and let them alone. And
mrs the custolmers are pretty sure to do so
after awhile.
d --The tendency of the ag? is tAoroards
tle labor saving contrivancce ine con
and trivance pf this sort that is mucih
the neglected, is making stock harvest
to their own feed. Especially does this
n apply to hogs; they Can be made to
n harvest nearly all thie feed they con
r snme at a great saving of labor, and
vcs- benefit to the hogs.
con- - Tle pullets of the large breeds
ised should be hatched before April 1. and
iich if by the middle of March. it will be
ink all the better, as they will then Ihave
ares plenty of time to grow before fall.
t be Eggs of the small breeds need not be
, used until later, as such pullets re
eep quire a much shorter' -period for reach
d in ing maturity.
,ter. . -Asparaguj s is just theerop of which
the average home grower mi.-hlt plant
a larger patch than reqcluired for his
own use; that is, if he does not object
ant- to securing a little pocket money froz
ian- his garden. Aaprgsi easily grow~n
em- and yet always sells. The a~lghbolr
a . Wi ll wnt l 0Rn QConn nIP mesq "
PLRSONAL AND UTERARV.
--Miss F'ranci, . Willard suggests a
Christian theater, one conducted, as
she says,.in such a way that religious
papers could advertise and recommend
it, to which a young girl might be
taken without fear of anything on the
stage that would bring a blush to her
cheek.
-Prof. Milligan, who died at Edin
burg, was one of the most distinguished
ecclesiastics ip Scotland. He held the
chair of Biblio -criticism in Aberdeen
university for nearly forty years, and
since the beginning of 1886 he had
been the principal clerk of the general
assembly.
--The works of Quintillian were re
vived by being discovered under a heap
of rubbish in an Italian monastery. *
Those of Tacitus were found in a mon
astery in Westphala,. where they wer ke
being used as felE by the cook. The p
original manuscript of Justiniam's pan
dects was found in a cellar in a little iti
town in Calabria. ar
--The London "Athenaeum" says:
"Lord Tennyson, who is at Farring- fa
ford, engaged upon the memoir of his it
father, wishes to borrow all letters of si
the late laureate which are not mere
formal notes written in the third per- to
son. And as soon as he has copied or
such lettersas may be intrusted to him y,
he will return them to the lenders." el
-Labouchere's "Truth" (London)
gives the following recipe for making fc
a modern English literary celebrity: in
"Half educate a vain youth at Oxford; if
let'his hair grow; dip him into erotic v
French literature: add one idea, chop
it small; log-roll the whole; give a al
grotesque name; then serve up as a Jy
rival to Milton, Sheridan and Shakes- it
peare."' bi
-A portion of Cicero's treatise "On
Glory" was recovered from the works Ii
of l'etrus Alcyonius, a Roman physi
cian. The book had been bequeathed
to a convent and was stolen by Al- g
cyonius,.who used all he could in his
own works and destroyed the original.
1 The passages he stole, however, were d
so much better than his own writings c
suspicion was at once roused and the b
1 theft detected.
S-Miss Lucy Garnett is given a pen
3 sion of five hundred dollars a year by p
t the lBritisll government in recognition n
of her literary merit and to enable her a
r to prosecute her researches in oriental
r folklore. Miss Margaret Stokes a:lso
receives five hundred dollars for hier c
researches into early Christian art and t
r archalaology in Ireland, and Mrs. Cash- r
r el lloey two hundred and fifty dollars a
o for her novels.
-Senator Turpie's method of aiding
o his constituents to get office was shown
recently in Washington when lie was
requested by an applicant to go to one
of the departments and look after his
appointmenet. "I hare no carriage," a
0 said Senator Turpie, "and I don't in- i
tend to walk." "I will get the carriage
d for you." said the ofliceseeker. And
he soon placed one at the senator's dis
posal. To the surprise of the Hoosier
'e oficeseeker Senator Turpie climbed in
n to the carriage and closed tie door.,
-° leaving the officeseeker standing out- I
o side. When the latter attempted to t
I get into the carriage Senator 'l'urtpic
d said sharply: "I won't go unless I can
go alone."
HUMOROUS.
--The milk of human kindness is not
ot all cream-Galveston News.
g -It. is hard to convince the young
at that Time has not hung up his scythe
a and gone to sleep.
e -dillson says he hasl noticed that the
tc human hog isnearly always pigheaded.
st -Buffalo Courier.
re --He-"l)o you believe in such a
by thing as love at first sight?" She
ig "Certainly. A hasty glance does not
di-cover imperfections."-Boston Tran
le script.
a- -'I guess Plunkit's father nmust ha ve
10 died and left him an enormous for
C' tune." "'H,w do you know?"" "Vell,
se I've seen the plumbers up at his house
Cr twice."-Inter-Ocean.
' -She-"Should you die, are you op
posed to my remarrying?" Ile-"No."
She -"W~hy not?" Ilc-"WYhy should T
be solicitous about the welfare of a fel
Vr low I'll never know?"---Life.
•' "I am really at a loss." said the young
'r- minister, "to know why you did not
id like my last sermon. Didn't you con
sd sider my arguments sound?" "Yes,"
she replied: "cxclusively."-- ashing
v ton Star.
as --'The Sage-"ln choosing a wife,
d. -oung man, you must not look for
et ,nmutVy alone." Youthl-"Of course
s not. It is the other kind of a girl that
Ic, one may expect to find alone. "-Indian
s. _polisJournal
ke --Citizen-"Well, you have nice
ill eatller, winter pasture. not too mnuch
a rain. and stock is thriving: what have
o you to complain of this winter?" Far
mer *(promptly)-"Aw, the wheat. tie
r- wheat! Notenough snow:"-Cleveland
of Plaindcaler.
I -In the garden of a certain noblc
ti- man's country house there happened to
or he fixed up at different spots painted
s, loards with this request: "Please do
t- not pick the flowers without leave."
Some wag got a paint brush and added
n an "s" to the last word.
-, -Host-"I hate to send you out in
sX such a blustering night as this. old fel
n- low." Guest-')"t is raining pretty
n- hard. I say, couYran't you loan me your
al umnbrella?" llostc-"Certamnly; and-er
or -I guess li 3 walk home withl you my
self-I really nmed the exercise."
1- -"-Yes," said Gibley, "'it came pretty
ir near being a· wedding between Miss
ih- ily and me: but she said there was one
tor thing 1 lacked. I asked her what that
ir one thing was. and she said: "Don'task
nd me; you'll call me mercenary.' So I
so didn't press her."--Roston Transcript.
-"I always suspected that cashier,"'
dI said a member of the board of direc
n- tors. "Maybe he'll turn up," said an
ci other. "You can't always judge a
st man by his appearance?" "No. But
is in a case like this it is pretty safe to
to judge him by his disappearance."
n- \Vashington Star.
ad -He was a fine doctor-there was no
denyingr that-but sometimes he said
ds things that made people wonder. A
nd patient, with a fever recently com
Splained of thirst, and he said to her:
re '\ell, quench it. You can drink water.
ll. or ten, or most anything, so long as it's
a liquid."--Harper's Bazar.
e- 'Col. Brown," remarked a chappie.
h- "is tile tiuest after-dinner speaker I
know of." "W.hy." said his friend, in
cl some astonishment, "I never heard he
lt had any ability- in that direction at
hi all." "Well, he has; I're dined with
act himn several times at various places,
cmv anl after dinner he always .savrm
,f 'That's all right, my Ioy; I'll pay 5ow
Highest of all in Leavening Power.--Latest U. S. Gov't Report.
ADmesOUMILY PURE
WIT AND WISDOM.
-- -A fool sometimes builds his houase
if books.-lam'ns Horn.
-It is the duty of an employc to I
know more about his work than he ex
pects to do. - ailroader.
-When a man boasts of his bad hab- r
its, you may be pretty sure that they 4
are the best he has.-Detroit Journal
-Original sin was the cause of the
fall jtu man, and now when a man falls
it is the cause of a good deal of original
sin.-Binghamton Republican.
--lc-What would you do if I were
to kiss you? She-Are you very curi
ous to know? He-Very. She-Well,
-you might try-and see!-Boston Trav
eller.
-He (insinuatingly)-I can not re
form without help. I need some guid
ing star. She (curtly)-You wouldn't
if you were not out so much at night.
Vogue.
-Jeweler-How do you like your
alarm clock? Customer-First rate.
Jeweler-You didn't seem pleased with
it at first. Customer-No; but it's
broken now.- Tit-lHits
-The Angel.--"Vhat (day in all your
life, darling, is the sweetest in your
.acmory? The Brute-O, I don't know
-the first time I beat the races, I
guess. -Detroit Tribune. -
160 World's Fair Photos for Si.
These beautiful pictures are now ready for
delivery in tea complete parts--1f pictures
comprising each part-and the whole set can
be secured by the payment of One Dollar,
sent to GEO. H. HEAFFORD, General Passen
ger Agent, Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul
Railway, Chicago, Ill., and the portfolios of
pictures will be sent, free of expense, by
mail to subscribers.
Remittances should be made by draft,
money order, or registered letter.
SRUSSE.L, four years of age. was sailing
.down the Columbia river with a party of
friends. He was much interested in every
thing lie saw, and at length ventured this
remark: "Papa, i think this boat must have
awful long feet to walk in this water."
BR careful of your language when talking
with the elevato'r boy; he is apt to take you
up very quickly.-Bostou Bulletin.
Frlaccld Muscles Grow Strong.
Weak attenuated frames acquire sound.
healthy flesh, woe begone, hollow faces Afill
out and become cheerful when Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters is used as a stomachic to
improve digestion and assimilation. More
over, it cures bilious and kidney trouble, and
protects the system against malaria and
chronic rheumatism. Use it systematically.
r A Klvuc-KT parson has just lost a bet of
ten dollars that his daughters didn't dance.
One of the girls admitted that she had
"'sch:ottisched once across the parlor and
iack," whereupon the parson handed over
o the money.-Kansas City Star.
C"WRHAT do you think of the drinking wa
ter here " Mr. Blucgrass--"Oh, it makes a
very refreshing bath."-Inter Ocean.
A BAD TEMPER
-generally accompanies a torpid liver and
indigestion. An in-door life often brings on
this condition; there follows anmemia, or lack
of blood, frequently another worse effect-
that of Dyspepsia. 'Dr. Pierce's Golden Med
ical Discovery is the restorative tonic and
liver invigorator which will positively cure
just such cases.
Mrs. F. A. Oa. of Cronr
bett. Balaiumre Co., Ma.,
writes: "Physiciens pro
,ounoed my cain semate
S Indigetiln. If it had
-. not bheen for Dr. Pierce's
Solden Meicl Di my ildv
Sery and Pletsast Pellets
I f irmly believe I would
for nothniagdid me any
c gnood until I began tar
Sing them. The' DIscovr
-ry" also cured my child
1, of night-sweats and a
Pneumonia. We cannot
frS. F. . OII. praise your medicines
too hIghly." Sold by all medicine dealers.
PIERCE .es:.a CURE
R O .E C RETURRMED.
Young Wives.
WHO ARE FOR THE FIRST TIME TO UNDERGO
WOMAN'S SEVEREST TRIAL, WE OFFER
-"6lothers' Friend"
A remedy which, if used as directed a few weeks before con
finement, robs it of its Pain, Horror and Risk to Life of both
mother and child, as thousands who have used it testify.
" I used two bottles of 'MOTHERS' FRIEND' with MARVELOUS RESULTS,
and wish every woman who has to pass through the ordeal of child-birth
to know If they use 'MOTHERs' FRIEND' for a few weeks it will rob con
finemeat of _ain and sufering and insure sjfely to life of moother and
child-MRs. SAX HAMILTON, Eureka Springs, Ark.
Book to Mothers mailed free containing voluntary testimonials.
seol by all DrgssIsU. BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO ALATrrA, GA.
AOWLINGSUCCESS.
rAI RBAN ICS
CLAIRETTE
SOAP
OWES ITS REPUTATION AND
SUCCESS TO ITS OWN
- ,ERTEIT,5.
IT IS PURE., UNADULTERATEDAND FOR
RAPID CLEANSING POWER HAS NOEQUAL.
IT IS INVALUABL. IN IITCHEN & LAUNDRY.
SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.
N*K'FAIRBANK &CO
ST. LOUIS.
F pls ~ ~~~atsar
A Tcek man calls his cook Wisery, be
cause she loves company. - Philadelphia
Record.
ACroRS, Vocalists, Public Speakers praise
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothacho Drops Cure in one minute.
i"THAT changes the complexion of tbitgs,"
mused wigsag, as ho gazed at his wife's
dressing case.-Philadelphia Record.
No SAran RaESIr can be had for Coughs
and Colds, or any trouble of the Throat, than
"Brown's Bronchial Troches." Price, 25 cts.
TarE girl who can skate has a good time,
but the girl who is learning has her hand
squeezed the tightest.-Atchison Globe.
Bs sens to read advertisement ed Plant
Beed Co., an old reliable irm.
AN open mouth closes the ears.-Ram's
Horn.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its ex ellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative: effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it nets on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
snd being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
SWIS 80 ACRES
I Fine Farming Land
E l Phillips Co., Wisoonsin,
win Be SOLD at a BN&AAIN.
i DDRES
For Sale. 6s Ds?" ,s t..' Ch"..
Ely's Cream Balm
Cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain
and Inflammation,
Restores the Sense of
Taste and Snmell.
Heals the Sores.
l lm Intoechb nostril.
Wail Papers!
Send 6crntsrosta s-. ZVilm,| ou helargest 1.
lt selecte lile o- .amples, at lo".t prices in L. S.
PARQUET FLOORS-Bunok of De~ign _nailed on
nolilcotion. lEWC1CoB BiteS.. S1. LUIS. .
i r (r
'-3'
"b
cher "' u T*Am/.e º t- esi
soft·
4rr~~it isr~r
vrlh eto b loot obee a oes a ts. leit .etsY
ott*he thr , - t w eth win e mt it pl"uise tMsbf
hoolroth, lnwbeoTe we ý e ts epeete eui,-- h ay- -
shl eleaeAies popesueo oteute
nU reishops m nmt m visitig olwn s s l.
Jnbit  -- or4---A
AlY"Q't: . ..
other thrtic l estter o oe We tsiese t rthe a or
s 1.oies e thebsenI. pmor p esure-. eoiewiln a
o-e bes u bend r o of. i lblsu 9 lb5 P -
tstoeoiltee thee whe is ewe e1 me.dlee oh
hho ioteftte so epo t ioe w roln lobnl
IR 4 r n tieme ot oc ulrh~iti Wiýhb
as Ur.wt ery hare\ lesoyKt~ oldsg wet
" &10m
.serae ard as tIrOut i p5ohelie
M L wes soiti wale ae AtND r+W
The pest pe eo of
l l l i suihl o o s o a Pt b o et Wte de
It IOLs het1
is eeooi sbooo- moo e te kolu
mtto•e. The ot eet
hWbnrlmlt IIIppaop~es f alb .4
iee n p1~ oiatemm S ikeetdllt het sf
neas hise ny es wr e. uing thecp.
tO le) Aomoor · LbC or ervice tt ron
o, Vogl faug •eei e l of .
t n.nP ad l e ior t-fl. dml l
I a"tr oe businesd."
Prsiwwss es atgra
Cevf t the A'
ht eAs eoflot
th dnye-s t " 5
borit ofeswer
to aoe
twowaoodb
a 0uf o volume
ea a fn. - ",
lmes Pses. ae m h keel we et h latu
uYrPl~ d I·o Yr'l
orToot . rueteo o in t it hortnt
aends Orti tseo t a rt. LT
It-lea. motehont mesO ·al tt c
effetertsa ie th 70T riy s air
15$EkeeneteeSH po ible sto oes. tew
t an each outfitDond Voe lme c.nts
. hewermu tmhet to. 1iSr aeult
r mrooo tting d mom ps .e ro th eseice ithaltiro
a oe t numbr of i popl .n tro the rie
i t he , n dor W n er itl-st. its hmta s l,
thi o the tbeoo m rtssyi ae thew.ft is o ,taor. g
a a far. beoror eeit buof itsimateril moiars chtaplyqnd .s"
p a euor. mous inc reare orT Rit ve oo ao en s itnat. o
taiorsts , so noo a ts v a n Uss ntoi n M psiso too fog pree
tiontsilll the A7iar . 2 . Chtaoe tr it2 then'I stlml t. ate
Meotlef nbtieorge 4 e pt hthc tm pgrto oft Ont venlto
arecoAnonMer Ntel erM are oa ro t ete to ot h whopet a
, ~ bo ofooe:TOehei .oo. w U.
few tons, end thloromeaf ats spply. of 2x R m`1e which
theywo using for 11-t. IO"Aý cad even for 2-ft. w hels, will
read this paragrah rrntI ·urp~lu nd sorrow, since we have mot
previ,' rs IChro hem any inforationeconernn ofwbaterli
wilr usw who r il
The Hrmootor Co.toroposes to deltrilid· ° slA
BoOCA ndVou.
H toh i Ohe Awartds
feld f for the best deca vritt by the v . son or hodbte
Oneulars t the Ae r C , Chicn or olit' brrhct eis.a
rrjcwoe Kansa City. Lincoln. Neb., Sions Cityo, soothero.
nea"Is. li~ oGel ed 6 ParkFicu. Al S Sou, e· r or k City. Iwmatcorf,
ntedthot ies arrt teAnt
oPumpih ed and rd eriell etl. IO ur stem
Colmpletion, d·)hrcrrd le n ears at Cl itrlo and thippedt
anR6 C E . ý1 2 lown IIVEET "1 Zd.T
8I.4. I~t·O III~tEI,
This
o "ustlt ofrSuperbh
o Boul tlentVOh" ,tads"ll
F Ttse book hit est
WALTER BAKER & CO., OCETR
SURIbr's MaUCC zine
CCAand --unil 8
A9 PLT CATAOCOLAT
Hiwhestra to A rs
(t o $ sest lu ero r t o
ir the lfolr tO, -n o switl
Srend 90 oenta ·IID
to onrsrpostage
Nowr to Gel Thisj
Bound Volum-.
05 neinely: O~··
... emIit t a C d drLes M -
r u 1~. 11 hom St te tha
S.e . ou on' thet twbes
T YORKE ne S in E hO ATOrr
and ttint you Wrr ne,
FUIRST W~OATCH.
A bel~tlat Ilust~tedboot 8pe-cu/|l t writterlb
A rr _ n onlnd drltss.rcerr
i, ''sfhr , enter your name
fo r our y ear beginningl
ýý - colt, I the meurr ll Issu
"" (ufelt rt on *-wise in
Dtrunn vdi andeendla)
ho slouns t-ow.
~-"'-·- --The b ook will Assent
mill; to thre .ton ants for if at the Sion, or ·ubeeribln g
GtrnRLES SGRIBNRR'S SONS,
74S Broadway, N0ew York.
WALTER BAKER & CO,
SCOCOA and
A CM T AACHOCOLATE
Hithest Awards
sot( . Cat de osad to te p -
ndWorld's oiýt ý bian
on On tue fol ne ho er tetoodth
416 narmely:
teete tstycer PEASEED COMPAN.
SIT ~ ~ sNIl Neo. Ii CtHt - S.IOCOATEM.
WOAIZ TES ,rnaGERM. SWE ET po -Ls
• 1. F. L. OUGaS 3 1SHOW
f equate ustot o work,  icostn fo
AUi1LA CHAI;OLATE
COM UTTER,
f s h orm d oonr.^ andd urie
torp orn th ooplttom."
SOLD BY CROCCRS 5YERYWIMnR=.
WALTER BAIKER &i CO., DOeCHESTER, falC
E3LIABLEE
11UU.CIgtV hors fo lat es ant et
mrlcdtro t rl .tectem cn l ory Yr~endfor -
PI~o~ P~riinoto de~pol gcet in.
~~V.L.ho to~iA or.110
der bcmail.Postag free Y~ouk etas get the b
bagtosofdelct wo po bsh olu r shoes.lw
CtT.Ba .the World fo th-e hmey,"ic
iIUE STORY FIRe. STeoa WATCHs m."
A bautfulIlltotatd brilook. spette wonttlgo b
Amerta'euoettootigutset o nnneddaughteo geon
rREE.Highl eotetistss sd netrueie Aind freme
13 ohnSteet Ne T th. tin
DeRStrn Pas~eic w'Pto eitttqebhl
·~~h·iiootin t· Wa c usth mny theJ.
WRIIN wtO AWRR533 PJ*·o
IR SU OS.b~ th 4".mrcb. Is Mu