THE GAZlTTE. .
ISSUED I~V-.ERY S-ATURDAY
CHAS. A. THOMAS
AND HOMER J. MOUTON,
PROP IfToS. t t "
Latered at the Lafayette La. Post-Offce aslSecond
Clmas atter.
SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1893
A Call.
Realizing the great benefit that would be
derived by the peopl of our State from the
incoming of a desirable class of immigrants
and improved public roads the Business
Men's Association decided to call a Road
txd Ipmitgration Convention, composed of
delegates from the Attakapas district, to
theetin Lafayette on Wednesday, June 14th.
'The Association earnestly request and in
vite the Presidents of the different Police
juries; the Mayors of the different towns and
cities, or tke people instass meeting to ap
point delegates to attend said convention,
and sincerely hope that the call will meet
with a hearty response from the people of
the district.
C. O. MOUTON, Pres.
A. C. O'nwAY, Sec.
A PALPABLE INJUSTICE
The recently commissioned mem
bere of the town council of Lafay
ette met last Monday, and among
the various matters considered by
the organized body was the public
printing of the corporation.
The following is, in substance,
the discussion that took place,while
passing upon the subject :
Moved by I. N. Satterfield and
seconded by A. Cayard, that the
printing of the corporation be given
to the Advertiser, at the same price
that the work is now being done for,
that is, $r5o a year.
At this stage of the proceedings
Hl. J. Mouton, one of the proprie
tors of The Gazette, presented a
written request that the public print
ing be put to a bid, because The
Gazette desired to put in a bid for
said printing. His Honor, the
Mayor, read this request to the
meeting.
Whereupon Fred Mouton moved
as a substitute to Satterfield's mo
.tion that the public printing be put
to a bid, adding that itJwas custom
ary to accept such bids scaled.
This was seconded by J. O. Mou
ton.
Before voting upon the substitute
Satterfield made some remarks to
the effect that he dil not think the
work could be done at a lower price
than $z5o a year, and for that rea
son favored giving the printing to
the Advertiser ; although, he added,
he thought it was the duty of the
council to have the work of the cor
poration done as cheap as possible.
The substitute to the motion of
Satterfield was then put to a vote,
and resulted as follows : yeas, Fred
Mouton and J. O. Mouton, 2 votes;
nays, Satterfield, A. M. Martin, A.
Caillouet and A. Cayard, 4 votes,
and the substitute was lost.
The motion of Satterfield was
then put to a vote, with the follow- 1
ing result; yeas, Satterfield, Mar
tin, Caillouet, Cayard and J. O.
Mouton, 5 votes; nays, Fred Mou
ton, s vote, and the motion pre
vailed.
From the foregoing it will be
readily seen that the request of The
Gazette that this printing be put to
a bid, was rejected, and it was
given to the Advertiser, although no
proposition to do the work was pre
sented, or read, during the meeting,
from the management of that paper.
I. N. Satterfield in his remarks
stated that he did not think the
work could be done for less than
the amount given to the Advertiser,
but by what process of reasoning he
arrived at this conclusion we do not
know, yet in spite of what Mr. Sat
.serfield may think The Gazette was
prepared to make the offer to do
this work for S75 a year, and had it
been put up at public cry woulJ
have bid down to $So or less, and
besides, would have given bond for
its faithful performance.
Although 'The Gazette is not pub
lished in a spirit of philanthropy,
but was established solely as a busi
ness venture to afford the means for
a livelihood to its two owners, still it
considered the title of official jour
nal to be of sufficient value to put
in a low bid, and would have
done so had it not been shut
out by the rankest kind of partia
lity and a total disregard of fair
play. The Gazette is frank enough
to admit that while it did care for
a monetary consideration, it cared
more for the title of official journal.
Any person with a modicum sense
of fair play must admit, we are con
fident, after reading what really took
place, as published above that, ap
parently, it was the fixed purpose to
give this printing to the Advestiser
regardless of any circumstance that
might arise.
However, the injustice is done,
amnd we now present these facts to the
public, inasmuch as tl.e published
official proceedings contains no ref
erence to The Gazette's request for
-a bid.
JEFFERSONIAN DE4/OC
RACI'
The Advertiser, in its last issue,
...says "it is to be regretted that the
.~: efeated candidatc-,;"-in thle lal,
manicipal election- "deemed it nec
essary" to contest, "'especially at this
time, when Lafayette is making1
every effort possible for advance
ment, as it will not redound to the
credit of our city abroad," and adds,
"but such, we suppose, is 'Jeffer
sonian Democracy.' "
The last phrase is, evidently, a
hit at The Gazette, because it made
the statement,.some time since, that
it was not in keeping with the prin
ciples of Jeffersonian and Jackson
ian Democracy for Democrats to
appoint Republicans to office.
These were the views expressed
by The Gazette, at the time, and it
still holds to that opinion, and is
supported by the political history
of this country. The tendency to
wards a party and party administra
tration of the government, was one
of the early features in the political
history of our republic. At the be
ginning of his administration Mr.
Jefferson transferred the offices of
the government to members of the
Democrat "c party. This policy had,
in some measure, been adopted by
his .predecessor, but the principle
was then made universal.
When Andrew Jackson became
President, in that particular, he
went further than his illustrious pre
decessor, having even been credited
with the famous phrase : "To the
victor belongs the spoils." Although
we do not here state as an historical
fact, that the phrase was originally
enunciated by him, but it was
certainly adopted and put in full
force and effect in his administra
tion of the goverment.
Therefore, if Jefferson the foun
der of the Democratic party, and
Andrew Jackson, its great apostle,
have laid'it down as a party princi
ple that the Democratic party
should give the offices to Demro
crats, we can not surmise how the
Advertiser can iasinu ste that
Democrats should give the of
fices to Republicans. In the views
expressed by us on this subject, we
are borne out by the political
history of this country, and we pro
pose to adhere to them, notwith
standing the evident contrary opin
ion of the talented editor of the Ad
vertiser.
These views we expressed, and
nothing else, but the Advertiser trav
els out of the way, and says, in sub
stance, that because the candidates
have filed a contest, this it "sup
posed" is "Jeffersonian Democracy."
With the filing of that contest we
have no more to do than that paper,
but that it will tend to the discredit
of the town abroad we do not so
think, especially as the Advertiser
notes in the same article, that the
new council decided to go ahead
with their business as if no "trial
was to take place."
We never before heard that citi
zens who resorted to the courts, for
a redress of their grievances, as
guaranteed them by the laws of their
country, were an impediment to the
progress of a community, as we
always thought that they were class
ed as law-abiding citizens, who are
generally considered the pillars of
our government ; but this, we pre
sume, is an other presumption on
Jeffersonian Democracy, to which,
however, we lay no claim.
The gentlemen who filed the con
test believe that they have been
wronged in their rights. We be
lieve that they would have been re
cre g to their constituents and
thcr Ives, had they not applied to
the courts for the protection of their
rights. They are individually re
sponsible for the result of tihe trial
and as American citizens have the
perfect privilege of submitting their
rights to a jury of their countrymen.
It is The Gazette's deliberate
opinion that those who have rights
should dare maintain them; and
we are convinced that the credit
of our city will not suffer
abroad, because some of her citi
zens have peacefully resorted to the
courts for an adjustment of their
rights.
VERY TR UE.
Lafayette, Vermillion and St.
Mary parishes have just cause to be
proud. Judge Allen and District
Attorney Gordy have made for
themselves, and for the district they
represent a repution of a just execu
tion-of the laws that is second to
none in the state.-Rayne Ranger.
Very true Bro. Cunningham.
These two faithful public servants
appreciating the trust reposed in
them, are doing their simple duty,
and for this they deserve, and we
are pleased to state, are receiving
the enconiums of the people of the
district. It is rare now a days to
meet public servants who have a
true conception of their positions,
and when found, even people out
side of their distrtct, look favora
bly upon and commend the perfor
*~5~1C iiic''fa1 ,li.lu siv. rr duty·.
DECIDEDL Y INJURIOUS.
Wednesday was the most dis
agreable.day that we have yet ex
perienced in the town of Lafayctte.
A strong wind blew all day, and a
great many people were forced to
keep their doors closed on account
of the clouds of dust, that hung
about everywhere.
It seems to The Gazette that the
disagreable experience of Wednes
day should be an incentive to our
people to hasten to take measures
to alleviate this disagreableness.
Not only has this dust .proved a
source of aggravation to our com
foti but it works a loss by the dam
age it causes to the goods of our
merchants as well as to our home
and personal apparel.
But this dust does more. It is
detrimental to health, as attested
by Dr. Moore, of New York City,
who charges dusty streets with a
grave responsibility in causing and
aggravating disorders of the eye
and ear. Recently when clouds of
dust were whirled all about New
York, and grip was prevalent, bron
chial and lung troubles occupied
the largest share of public attention.
But the eye and the ear were suf
fering too; and undoubtedly other
specialists could tell of many pa
tients in whom these organs were in
a state of inflammation, owing to
the gritty particles which made
their way directly into the
eye, or set up some trouble in the
ear by disordering the mucus mein
brane in the .head."
This should cause serious reflec
tion on the part of our people.
THE DEADLY PARALLEL.
Extract from the 0fi-I txrael from the cit'
cial Proceedintgs oj charter aenmt,/uent
the city contnil as of Lafa.'c/lte:
publishted ie the oi- Be it further enac
cial paper, Alay 3o, ted, etc., That the
1891: town Constable may
T h e appointment appoint A deputy who
for officers being in or- will be vested with all
der it was moved and the Mowers of said
seconded that a Mar- Constable, who shall
shal be elec:ed s h , be responsible for all
shall appoint TWO the acts of saidu:.:'L cv"
deputies and the sala- who will take the oath
ry of the Marshal and required of the Con
each deputy be and is stable.
hereby fixed at $ 5 o
each per month.
'TH4 T'S RIGHT.
The Brooklyn Eagle (mugwump)
is sad and sorry because Secretary
Carlisle thus expressed himself to
the Washington correspondent of
that paper:
If we are going to let Rupublicans remain
in office I would like to know wtHat we held
an election for. WVe might as well have let
President H-Iarrison stay in the White house
and run the government.
Them's our sentiments. VWhen
the "boys in the trenches" pulled
off their coats and went into the
fight and won, it was certainly not
for the purpose of turning over to
the enemy the "'commissary depart
ments." They believe, and justly,
that the principles of t e party can
be better subserved by "firing out"
every foe from every position, big
and little, and putting their
own faithful workers "in," In
the words of Secretary Carlisle
"what did we hold an election for?"
TIIE BA CK BITER.
Of the species of hypocrites no e
is more despicable and dark of
heart than he who covertly stabs
your reputation by back-biting.
The "bold faced villain" is far less
to be dreaded than the cowardly
and insidious defamer, smiling be
fore you, and always ready to calunm
niate you for the purpose of detrac
tion behind you. There are wrectches
among the human family suf
ficiently depraved to slander in mere
wantonness .of spirit, nay, there are
those who by the most insidious
policy will wind themselves in to
the comfidence, or good graces, of
the unsuspecting, and all for the
horrible purpose of detraction.
He, who with a littleness of mind,
truly characteristic of a narrow
soul, can derive pleasure in "run
ning down" his fellows is too abject
in thought to perceive the dastardly
meanness of his "mouthings." All
the associates-of a man who has
been defected in an act of this kind
:-who have any principles of honor
mustdespise him. We know him
to be a villain from mere depravity
of heart, and to trust him would
Ifurnish an inducement to render
him a perfect scoundrel.
A Delightful Picnic.
SSr. MIatTNSVvtLLE, LA., May 29,t893.
SAs mention of the visit of a party of la
dies and gentlemen from this town to the
' Beausejour park springs, last Sunday, may
tbe the means of inducing others to avail
themselves of the opportunities offered there
for enjoyment, I will write a brief descrip
tion of it. WVe left here at 9:3 A.M . The
causes of the late start were due to two
facts: some would not leave until they had
completed their devotional offerings ; the die
lay was further increased by the tardiness of
one in getting ready; this failing is supposed
to belong to the women, but in this case it
-: i:- o",r ,,f the- '.;,: l of creat tion." I think
man too often arrogates to himself virtues
to which he is not entitled. In addition to
the faults and vices exclusively mascullhye,
he possesses many of the little weaknesses
which belong to the gentler sex. lie is often
designated as a ,talking animal ;" in too
many instances, a sclfi;h animal is the more
appropriate distinction.
Notwithstanding the late start, the jour
ney was not attended with any discomfort
on account of heat, as the flaating clouds
kept the sun partially veiled, and the brisk
breeze counteracted the effects of the rays
that slipped through t'e broken clouds. We
arrived there at It:3o A. st., without any
thing to mar the pleasure of the trip. We
found an abundance of shade for man and
beast under the thick foliage of immense
oaks. Immediately upon our arrival the la
dies repaired to the bath-house to wash the
dust out of their eyes and tresses. It was
here that the first marked diversion occurred;
for a few seconds the minds of non-lookers
on were filled with feelings of painful sus
pense, as they did not know whether the in
cident would prove serious or ludicrous. 1
thought that the bottom of the bath-house
had fallen out as I heard a splashing which
reminded me of sporting mermaids, but in
stant reflection satisfied me that those sea
nymphs do not inhabit little streams like
Vermilion bayou. In an instant more, I
heard a boisterous laugh which indicated
that nothing serious had happened. Having
some curiosity to know what had occasioned
that mystetiotis splashing so nearby,
I approached nearer, and met a
young lady emerging from the bath
room, presenting the appearance of
one just having undergone a baptismal im
mersion ; but as no clergymen was present,
and as she does not belong to the Baptist de
nonimation I knew that she had not attempt
ed to wash away her sins in any such em
blematical manner. I felt in great compas
sion for her at the mishap, for .sh looked so
meek and humble. When my sympathetic
feclinugs calmerl sali-iently for utterance, I
inquired if her dress was ruine 1, and when
informed that it was not, I felt much re
lieved. Had the acci-lent happened a few
hours later, I would have thought it a pro
viden:al pt:ni.shment for attributing to me
selfish motives, in devising means for the en
joyment of another. Nov, Mliss- , I am
not one bit sorry that you fell into that bath
tub without your bathing-sut on. You hart
the last word in that argument, buIt I have it
now and will forgive you for that charge;
moreover, am willing to say of women, with
all her faults, "Without the smiles from par
tial beauty won, what were man ? A wo' Id
without a sun."
Though I have already taken up much
space in your paper, I cannot close -without
thanking nMajor Mouton, the proprietor of
the Springs, for the hospitality extended to
our party. I am sure he would not feel
more pleased than serprised to hear the
many kind and complimentary expressions
regarding the cordial reception given us. He
mingled with us-as th-iughg he had known us
long and well, a'nd seemed to find pleasure
in behohling the enjoyment' of his visitors. I
hope he will deb ive somnie pleasure from e.
ing told that he madle a 'r' -n 1 of ev,'rv oni
of our party. His courteous rnd affa:ble
Smanners sho;wedl how much ,mleasnre a host
can contrihute to his guests. To those who
have never snet the Maj::-, I will s-,y that: not
the least of the attractious to the Springs. is,
the gentlemanly and courteous recepion
which they will receive from hims wh-hn they
visit there.
To those who are fond of pears, I will sug
gest that th-zy make it convenient to call
there in Augua:. I have lived for a number
of years in the greatest fruit region of tne
United States. an l have never seen more
thrifty anll vigorous pear trees: they ftrnish:
an unquestionable proof of the adaptability
of that section for the cul.i cation of that fruit.
FKLFx.
Better Roads.
Southern Cultivator and Dixle Farmer.
In order to improve the roads money is
required. There is no way of avoiding that
issue. The present systemn, while it exacts
no direct payment of money, has been shown
to be the most expensive of the three tha.t
have been discussed; but there is no tax
which when the results are fully appreciated,
will be more cheerfully paid by the people
than that required to maintain a system
which frees thlem from the octopus grasp of
a plan that still remains as a relic of feudal
ism and the dark ages. The present sys
tem of '-personal" service is so manifestly
wrong that it needs no discussion. Illn the
language of an eminent authority on the sub
ject of roads, "l' he road tax system of per
sonal-service is unsound in principle, unjust
in its operation, wasteful in its practice ~nd
unsatisfactory in.its result." It is, in fact,
a ,,travesty and a failure," having bccn
tried everywhere and always found to Ibe
unsuccessful. If the systemn is to be changed
how thten is the money to be raised? It is
obviously fair and just that every citizen
should pay a stipulated amount directly, as
a road tax, in virtue of this release from all
road duty. It is also manifestly just and
wise that an advalorem property tax should
be levied in addition to this since property
owners receive the greater benclit from good
roads.
Considerations of economy would dictate
the kind of labor to be employed without
further coinment.- lBt there is, beyon.l an-I
above the saving in the cost of mainte:ance
in either of the two last namedtl systems, an
economy resulting fromn the better roads ob
tained whlichl it is difficult to estimate ac
curately or to fully appreciate. Reference
is made to the increased capacity of stock
by at least one-fifth, five horses easily doluing
the work of six; not only that, but the dc
creased wear and tear of vehicleis an item
of economy amounting, as it will, to many
hundreds of dollars every year. There is
perhaps an equal saving in the fact that haul
ing and nmarketing over good roads can lie
done ill had weather when stock would
otherwise be standing itIY in the stalls; thus
all the good weather is left free for farm
work. In a county with 3,0oo head of
horses, at present it is safe to say that thirty
days out of each winter finds them in the
stalls doing nothing. The food alone during
that time involves a money value of $9,ooo
at the absurdly low estimate of $3 per head;
nor will it be wise to forget the increased
values of lands which invariably come with
good roads. Better roads are economnical in
bringing the farmer in closer contact with
the markets, affording him increased fac-li
ties for tue disposition of his produce and
for the transporiation of his supplies. They
conduce in a wonderful degree to the per
sonal pride of the citizen and increase im
measurably the bodily comfort and celerity
of the traveling public. They are potent
factors in the advancement of education andl
the Christian re!igion, and increased hap
piness and prosperity follow with no sluggish
footstep along the line of the smooth and
Sample highway.
SCut the grass down in the yard in front of
the Court House. Where is the lawn mo
- wer?
city Council Proceedings.
LAFAYETTE. LA., MAY g9. 1893.
From tes Oficial Jourrnat.
The ?Mayor and memhers eeetctd at the last e!ec
lion for City Council having reocivcd thttr counnis
sion and.. kbeing duly qualified met in special mect
irgfor the rrtr"os otorgauizing. Membersaprsoit:
Win. Cllmpbel. Mnayor. J. ). Moulton. I. N. Sentter
ii,:ld. A. 'I. L.uaount. lF. eluulun. A. Cayard. A. Ai.
rI .r.in. Absent uamlb .r. F. c)entauata.
The -ne.ssge of thI Mayo.r was read and on motion
was ordered to be printed and form a part of the
minutes.
:o the J.lfebers- of te City Council,
GENTL':AI t.;:- lorclur e telanall g upo. our dutic.
I have alhot:lht it proper to dulivcr this tuss:rge i..
order totransmit to yvo a few ideas and sugceton"'s.
Ltt is a wlt known. e.ablicSurd princrple that vct v
ulJertiui wo be well tuid out. t.Lrrl ill publ...
or private affairs should first have a solid forun
d.tion. Well. upon assuming olr new dities as
mrilnbera ol this coln.il otr muttto should be jllrtice
to all, vigilance to the interst arr.d wcltore ort our
City and exactness in performuing our duties without
fear. hope or reward.
The most essential committees of this body are the
Finance and street and improvement connllttects. It
is also very essential that a santitary comittrr e be
formed.
Now in regard to our police force. my opinion is
that it should tcosist of a day and night police; that
there be a Marshall and two deputies. one to be on
duty during th day and one atnightand both under
the supervision and appointmeut of the xMarshal.
hat the sum of one hundred and fifty dollars per
month be paid to said police force, that is illty dolh.rs
to the Marshal and fifty dollars to each deputy. I
will also suggest that a Police Ioard be formed com
posed of two memnbers of this body anod thle MIay.rr
or the purpose of passing upon all and every dere
liction or conlplaint brought before this board.
I will also call the attention of this body to the
work performed by our predecessors. TheI li;ut.ce
of this City is in a very hcalnhy condition: the corI. -
ration is without debt and there is over 1tirtecrn
hundred dollars il the treasury. The drain:ge of
thr. towra ts perfect: the stlicets. bridges ard side
walks in good condition; fifty new lamps illuamsrat
the streets and lately a donation eo Two hlturdred
and fifty dollars has been maotte tr the Iencfit lt tire
High School. I hope and tru:;t that at the expiration
of our term of office. our shruittg will tot be less
crcditable.
Hoping that our nloiteti efforts vwiUll l tend to
effect the advaolcellent, prronrtess nd tclfar ori olr
City, arid that our i;.toreouse r.ill prove to Dre har
amonlous.
I remain respectftlly..
W.s. CA.srt'.r.r
The follos-ing was unanimoltrl. ;,Io:.t.-d:
Wit~ltiEAS. tile Charter of t!:c tow ot I'rtafye:te.
with amendments thereto. plos.ides i:o :ailry or
per diem for the ser.ics' of thei,- Icrabeis of the '1rwn
Council. anrd
WHtoAS. we deem it proper that thle tid l"ie
'No Salary" shourld b: od.irtcd ill order to c::rr- i'lt
thle views of our coltt trllts. nod in order to loit)y
all the resenlrrcs of tile toon to its iilprovelrrelli and
progress. therefore be it.
Rcsolecd, "i'tha this Council b.lievcs thet ulldr.r
tihe lutw thley should draw no sal:lry nsd they tdoc
I.-reby tlcs cc to drasw noell for their serltices.
iThe appoil.ttnotlt for ofh-cc.. beir..: inl order it wasr
l.vred alrd seclrrlded that a Mlo.arshrl be elected w.
sl:al .appoint two dlepulties and the salary of trhe ..
sal and c;hcls dLputy be atd is lerolsy fled at 15.
each per ironth.
O onborion dulllylaecondcodJrhn Vigoarux was drrly
elected l Ms:.arIlt.1
!Mlrortd nld. s.ecodand thtstA. eseti hlrr rr:e!er-. d
secrtary nld tr_-a,;rcr r ir! iit .t.rslery , S.lc~ a ya-.
On motion duly cecorlded. Rcaolvcd th:It tie La
flayette Advertiser be declared the rllicial ptper rtf
tthis bodyr with a srimlty o flio a year.
'lire il;sor- tilerl pollrillrted tie oto winll g cr)llrlllrit
tees. to-t. it:
Finrn:ric Conlrr;ritcs.--Frced slto:lton. Allsit C-yard
Beausej our Park -
On the Banks of HieautifiI 1LIt .:t fV,:rMi ion.
EXCELLENT Spring Water,
COMMODIOUS Bath Houses,
i.unge l)ancing Platform. n,:auifl (rvi i i an I 1'lenty ,; Shvlc.. Ileg ant ti ,t f,,: Fic
nics, i'arti a, Etc. Water f ,r drikind a,. ia .t iin p u ; unr na.i;et ; !
Collle alnd set the plate an l cij.-y a sjplendi:d b:rth.
SI)NlY IOU'ITO()N, Mianager.
Alex. Delah"s y"
Has Just Optne I net :
W\\hcra at all times wil! he fO,, i the f - :- " l " ls in h1 . lin .
An avitatin
Stoves, Harnesic Carriage ý
ad iWACON,
Manufacturer's agent for ,Valkng and Ri,:ing C:.lii:vat rs, I i- t ii arrow L.a.ever I ;,.;
IIarow, Stalk Cutter, t Corn .and Cott. Pi::ntc:s, Pilky Plot:';,
"Turning Plows, I iay Rake,, Ro.ul Carts.
Corner of J~fferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAY1ETTI, LA.
Land Attorney, Surveyor, and
Real Estate Agent.
AISO REPI RI R:NTING TI'll
MANHATTAN
2° Loan Association.
This colmpany negotiates loans on real estate, making payments of principal quite a:; aý:;y
as interest p)aymlents oul the old plan aof loans. For further infran.in ;<irc:s or apply to
Welman Bradford,
. Agent, Rayne, La.
THIIEIE IS A STO[RE
ON TII E SOUT'IIISV EST'
COR. COURT-IIOUSE
SQUARE,
W here Pure Drugs,. Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of WVines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
Aso a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
,Iardware.
TilIS PLACE IS OWNED BY MW% . CLEGG.
The Singer
Sewing Machine.
Is the best in the world. Light Running, Durable, Noiseless, Simple.
J. CHARLES BAUDIER
General Agent For Lafayette Parish.
Office at J. P. Buhler Shoe Store
and A. T. C'ailouet.
Streets and Improvements Committee.-I. N. S.at
terfield. John (. Mouton and A. M. Martin.
Poltice lioud Cotl,,tirtee-Wm. Campbell. Mayor
and ".-.:itcio memberr with John O. Mouton and A.
"-'. C:aiticuet.
Sa:nitry (n:o*mittre-Fred Mqutson. F. Damanarde
and A. ,1". Martin.
,tOved nad .ccun-ded thrt the regular mceting of
this body be arld.i. hereby fixed tor the seceond Mon
da" ui ach a,.d t ry month.
,n , -no. !It- colci then adjourned to next re
gutar mueeting.
%q.'2,. C.A.MIi.l.. Mayor.
A. Nnven. ,Secy.
FOR SALE.
Valutl "l' own Lots.
1.T.ts Nos. 54J 195 and 219, situated in
the clil!s aiditiatin, measuttrilg loYx140 feet;
also itlroved pzope"rty on .Main street up
posite J. E. Martin's place. Terms reason
able. Fur further particulars app1 to
THE. (;AZ KT"'E.
BOSTON.
Standard any Relgiterd.
Boston was sired by BIaden-Baden, he by
Equity. lnaden-Baden the sire of Boston is
a Kentucky derby winner. Boston will stand
the presunt season at Le Teche farm of Dr.
11. 1', Gttilbeaut & Son, at Blreaux Bridge, at
$5 Cash for the season, with return privi
For Sale
A lot. onimpron'el. int the toeitn .+t tf tt(y'e, next
to WVm. CIce ' rs ide et . is 1ffe r.- t ,r slha:t a
,Intta. te t,r, :c. For tttrtitr tif.rmto .t', aptly at
S. Georgiades,
Manufacturer of high grade cant
dies, of every kind, and makes a
a specialty of the
"BOSS CHEWING CANDY"
and especially thtd "''(SS CI(:OCO
I..ATIE (C:IIEWING CANDYI)."
Grand Oiellingl Suitndai
01" M Y
ICE CT-EA&M PA3iLOD.
i:;O P:c chotIcJe .r-. :":, ..icitt:s
.cLn:pti;a:lc, etc. , wil awatys ic
kept.
)r.''er' ft parties, wed' ing s, etc.,
ii a.! at I,hiort Iltic-c. .lie p:,Aso
han.iles t:blacc: , t'i:tTr, cit-air:. ttes.
etc., and his establis!.miteit is on
Aftin streect.
DR. T. B. Hopkins A
Having retnrned to Lafayette," of
fers his professional services to the
citizens of this place and the sur
-rouinding country.
Office at former residenee, and at
night and at night at Kennedy's old
residence.
C. DEBAILLON,
Lawyer.
Wid pjractce in Lafayette, St.
Alary and VfrTri lioni par.s/aes, and
the Supren;: and Fede:,al Coaris at
Opelo:,zas and New Orleans.
LArAYiTTE. LA.
fStable.
AND SALE
E. CONSTANTIN,
Lafayette, La. Paroprietor.
CITY
BAKERY, LEONCE SUISRY,
I.AFAYIT'TE, LA. Propietor.
NUMA BROUSSARD,
CABINET MAKER AND
FURNITURE REPAIRI/N
OF ALL KINDS.
turning of Banisters, Scroll Banistcrs,
Fancy an.l Ilain Mlantels, Fancy Glass
loors of all 1.inds, Brackets, etc., etc.
fy/, la.
L?,FAYETTE
BLA CKSMITH,
WHEELWiIGlIT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
Near .ink Itilding.
i"IWED. MOUTON. - - - Proprietor.
Lowest } :ic,:-;, co,,.istcnt with work done.
.\:i w:ork ir l':pi ly attendled to. Satisfactionl
ALIIEi T de la IIOUSSAYEi,
BKER C(()NFFECTIONIE R
Ve't,-r~ ,tr.-t. Lafayette, La.
1H. C. Salles,
DENTIST.
O-iicc on luc.tananl street.
LA1FA-1 T .:, - - - Li.
F. 4. aTOLSON, M. D.
O;'-ra tt (.si4rt . : : : LxAF.I .TTC. LA.
LD . . V/. SWORDS.
)enxtiSt,
..1% /t A / " . / : 1" .1i / . .1 If"
N )1 .I V 1 ' U It I, I C.
¶I, . VT!.:. 1,o.
D. W. ELLIOTT,
S;Y)A'Ai II /. tf' and V OT.-IA'rY
0. CC. & J. ,MOUTON,
.1 "TT(-A .VI. 'S .. 7 L.i IV.
I. !AYE TTP,. A.
iAh{OliD iAiBER SIHOP,
I ', ,. ..., ,z, , /'e ,,t.
J):N Io \ I):.'I.1 I RTI'F, i'roprietnr.
I. llic-"' cl I ( ,::f rna'. Htair-utting at Domnfklle
F7 Priollaud,
Watcmaker
-and-
Jewelerer.
and dealer is
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dia
ml*onds, etc.
Cleti'5s Bulhdinl. Courthouse Square.
Lafayette, La.
Cash tells the story.
Come and see
Mouton Bros.,
DEALI.RS IN
GENERAL
ilerchandise
Lowest prices consistent
withl quality of qoods.
H. L. Monnier,
Dealer In
General
M-erchandise
Fresh Groceries always on hand.
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A. Ml. MARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.
The "Old Taylor" is the best
Whiskey that experience, skill and
expenditure can produce. It is the
perfection of distillation from grain.