I
t
a
ti vs.. ennei'ie c -
"Now Wall You Look"
Friends Surprised at the
Wonderful Improvement.
" C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.:
a Dear Sirs:-I take pleasure in writing the
.good I have received from taking Hood's Sarsa
parilla. Every spring and summer for six years
or more, my health has been so poor from heart
trouble and general debility that at times life
was a burden. I would become so
Emaciated and Weak and Pale
that my friends thought I w6uld not live long.
I could do scarcely any work at all and had to
lie down every few minutes. I began getting
worse in January, losing my flesh and feeling so
tired. I thought I would try Hood's Sarsapa
rills and I am happy to say I am in better health
Hood'sw Cures
than I have been for a number of years. My
- - remark tome: 'Why how well you look.'
I tell them it is Hood's Sarsaparilla that has
done the work. I would have all suffering hu
manity give this, medicine a trial and be con
vinced. This statement is True to thae Let
ter." MSs. JusrunI DMCKER, Watseka, 111I
SHood's Pills cure liver ills, constipation,
biliousness, jaundice,stck headache,indigestion.
Qo Yoe OoP[n
HORSES OR MULES?
SMM ETT's
COLIC& OT $
Is guaranteed to Cure
In Every Case.
NO DRENCHINOG-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOONFUl.
LE.aINED, MISS, Feb. ca, zUoe.
DEAl Sins:-I do not want to be without a
supply of your Emmett's Colic and Dots Cure as
long as I own an animal subject to the above
named diseases. Am a farmer, owner and
breeder of horses, cows and hogs. I have used
the Spc.:ific in a good number of eases, and in
every instance, found it fully as good as recom
mended. There is an increasing demand for it
here among the farmers. Yours,
. J. .CDO.O..D.
P. ICE, oo se rae
I L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors.
El 'sq.'' C. C)Warsamw m . =.4.
·WARTED-A poities oas arm ou ears ssalbrbss rata
ano ,srn esss ad h amp eatser. aprllle SIrtas,
ater op tair. sat wood. stoed, tas a dyasa far cto,
S-tI' rirol, cad doRURBAN
tetr a tA w lr.
i rdedrtaer comple d S
.Rt o(or; prer ] trO
that I was snly steal. Lie thiaswblehdo
bid Wetyehep, it hiakn new.
dadia the ataaksnoa. Ap. lOsihen at prises irtheý
27 to ee prcala the Ass- reach SL0 L Cypre6
. as Cmraost. 329, itn4c Pine r al
whll sad Filtmorsatreeia. StesTanwlnth
at horiustedyusadnf. ors substruetureg a IOpc.
!s the l+'P, b i t ill of its aty Wdt tlr lia
Lind sn the and, overd steel tets
Racer ha snie olse tonemot CO
,oat powthul fmlli, and make mud holes
wih sat.lans sathi- at l.- thin woodlen
re-O. a .ae ian can' onsCost.
gitatlions (or rather The Aermetar Co.
Ke ssaaes) bat isr zrapeeatociatrlbult
ruy eaft al i"a s$0 CAS
of air. 1t: stand high
sad bars grtet to Q 13 ftf
ponmadcater to ran sit . by the
phll I Cfartweas B fe, s.
aprar beings. bia daatat 
tAg b Ts placed by ea far.
our erecttr ,tweeesa cue.
thesgr.h badbasae a. teat
oaStasolbsabrearitd tia
it nmassy .ltand wind
stoers above g, tam
thinesgrsryoeab. ws anwIS5&UL
sineswe work fi 3010M F orcons
hl..cs a dsy sad mar ditiona aS Compe.
oc.t.aeare and numbes ctf
lay sad night. a·raotor Co..
e tnabt,3 es~ansaa City.
i6toce.ysteme lrInsn, Fa~b..
,iar.Mnepolis nt
Watteqanlak. es ;o. or 55 kak9
SeG ,.ig t,
WW* .a',
(LAIRETTE SOAP.
BRIGHT
.. HOUSEWIVES
No OTHER.
THE BEST. PUREST
*l M0T H R MI AQAL
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
-Maeaulay took his Sunday dinner
alone at a coffee house. After dinner
he would build a pyramid of wlne
gthsses. which usually toppled over.
He would pay for the broken glass and
go.
-After "Paradise Lost" was printed
it was translated into French, and
this version falling into the hands of 1
si innocent Englishman, he made a
p se translation back into English 1
and sent it to a publisher. The manu
script is in-the British museum.
-The titles of Jewish rabbinical
writings are often very fanciful. One
commentary is called "The Heart of
Aaron," the introduction to the Tal
mud is the "Bones of Joseph," and
other treaties are termed "Garden of
Nuts" and "Golden Apples."
-Mrs. Caroline H. Dall tells the
Springfield Republican that when she
first went to Washington, over forty
years ago, Daniel Webster said to her:
"Remember, you may have what po.
litital opinions you please, but the
woman who expresses them is damn
ed."
-George Augusta Sala was recently
asked by a very corpulent lady how
she should dress in attending a fancy
ball. "Well," replied Mr. Sala, as he
sized up the ample proportions of the
lady, "if I were you I would put a frill
around my neck, don a light red dress
and go as a ham."
-The new British knight, Sir Thom
as Salter Pyne, who is only thirty-two
years of age, began life as a mechanic
in the great Birmingham engineering
firm of Tangye. Then he went to India
as the foreman of a factory, and soon
became superintendent of the arsenal
and public works of the ameer of Af
ghanistan. He held this place for near
ly ten years, until a short time ago he
was attached to the mission of Sir
Thomas Durand.
-Miss Olive Schreiner, the author of
that strange book, "The Story of an
African Farm," is engaged to be mar
ried. Her betrcjed, who is four or
five years younger than the bride to
be, is nMr. Cron Wright, the son of a
well-known South African farmer and
member of the Cape parliament. He
is himself a successful farmer and a
clever speaker, and it is supposed that
he will enter parliamentary life. It is
said, by the way, that more than 70,000
copies of "The African Farm" have
been sold.
HUMOROUS.
-Doctor-"You cough more easily
this morning?" Pa'tient-"I ought to
-I practiced all night."-liallo.
-"I should like to see any man try
to kiss nme." "No doubt; but you
shouldn't admit it."-Pick-MJc-Up.
-Professor-"Why does the earth
move?" lHardup (absently)-Can't pay
the rent, I suppose." - Philadelphia
Times.
-''he boy who fain would learn to swim
Can studiously promote his wishes
I guarantee the fa ct to him
If he but join a school of fslhes.
-Mrs. Coffee-"Wlhere did you learn
that new piece?" Daughter-"It isn't
a new piece. The piano has been
tuned."--Town Topics.
-ir. Gusher (a self-satisfied bore)
"1 can tell just what people are think
ing of me." Miss Pert--"Indeed! How
very unpleasant it must be for you !"
Brooklyn Life.
-"Well, I suppose everything went
o T without a single hitch up at
Brown's?" "It did. You see the bride
had eloped with the best man two hours
before."-I ntcr-Ocean.
-"It isn't the trouble a" man has in
meeting his bills that gives him a care
worn look," says a philosopher. "It's
the trouble lie hits in dodging them."
--Ph iladelphia RIecord.
-Mr-s. Winks-"IDame Fortune has
been smiling on Neighbor Hlicks, I
hear." Mrs. Jinks-"Oh. the horrid
old wretch, and his poor, dear wife not
dead a month."-Inter-Oceau.
-Why?--F.rank--"'Beets are full of
sugar, aren't they, manmma?" Maum
ma-"Yes, Frank." Frank--"Then,
mamma, why does the cook go and put
vinegar on them?"-Iiarper's Bazatr.
-"lllykins is a very well-informed
man." "I used to think so." "\\' hat
has happened to shake your faithl?'
"\Well, you see, he has qualified as a
juror in a capital case."-W-Xashington
Star.
-Mrs. Figg-."What is the reason I
never see you playing with .JImmuy
Briggs any more?" Tommv--"Hle in't
got no respect for the fashions. IIe
wants to be playin' marbles in top
spinnin' time."-Indianapolis Jou-rnal.
-Pegg--"Sometimes the absolute
faith my boy has in my wisdom makes
nme almost ashamed of myself." Potts
-"You need not worry. It will aver
age up all right. By the time hie is
twenty he vwill think you know noth
ing at all."-Tit-Bits.
Remember
the name:
The De Long PAT. HOOK
AND EYE. Also notice on
face and back of every card
the words:
See that
hump?
Richardson D
ah Ded Lon Bros.,
esmaey snupeseod tassw a een Prae
teoed to a Great Eatent.
When there is but a single colony of
bees for miles around it is very prob
able that close inbreeding occurs, says
exchange. This would sem to arise
from the necessity of the case. For
many years the best authorities sup
posed inbreeding to be the rule among
bees, from the fact that the hive was
tenanted by a single female, and the
bees of different hives were known to
be hostile toward each other. But
Tegetmeir has shown that this hostili
ty does not apply to the drones, which
are permitted to enter any hive un
molested, and Darwin believed that
"the union invariably and necessarily
taking place on the wing, during the
queen's nuptial flight" was a "special
provision against continued inbreed
tng."
Proof of this is found in the cross
bred bees Darwin cites the following.
cases:- "1 ". oodbury, who intro
duced Li 'bees into Devonshire,
found7duAi nngle season that those
stocks, at ee from one to two
miles from.t hive, were crossed by
V his drones. . I pne case, the Ligurian
r drones must-ha'e flown over the city of
r Exeter, and over several intermediate
s hives. On another occasion, several
t common black queens were crossed by
1 Ligurian drones, at a distance of from
5 one to three and a half miles." It is
not altogether improbable that the
- nuptial flight of the queen is induced
a by the collecting of drones, which call
c her by their loud hunmming. This may
g be the signal to her to start on the
a journey which is to prepare her for her
a life work; and the presence of a queen,
I ready to take her nuptial flight, may
be scented by the bees. It does not
seem necessary, therefore, to hold that
e inbreeding is the rule in situations
r where the reverse is possible. The
free out crossing of different vari.ties,
If the collecting of drones in great num
a bers in out of way places, the absence
of hostility to foreign drones, and the
r liberal provision throughout nature to
o prevent inbreeding and secure cross
a ing, all seem to converge to the idea
d that inbreeding is not resorted to only
e when circumstances compel it. It is
a probably the exception rather than the
t rule, and the crossing is nature's
s method of keeping up the constitution
o of the bee. This may be theory, but
c the reverse is also theory, and this
theory really seems to have the strong
est support.
SEBASTOPOL GEESE.
' They Have a lost Beautltful Plumage and
O Roun ded Ioodles.
The Sebastopol goose resembles the
y Embden or German races in shape, al
u though the former is possessed of a lit
tle more elegance of form, and is per
h hapes more swanlike. It is found in
y nearly all the colors which the Ger
a man geese show, white and gray, or
white alone. The pure white are
probably considered the most hated
some, and are the only ones sent tc
purchasers paying high figures, but
those with gray upon them would be
, just as attractive. The distinguishing
features in the Sebastopol geese are
n the long, ribbon-like plumes which
grow above the wing bar. These grace
ful feathers lend a very aristocratic
6t
e
s A SEBASTOPOL. GOOSEI.
Id look to their possessors as the wind
)t waves them when the birds are stand
ing, or when floating back upon the
water's surface as the birds swim.
The city on the Black sea, near wvhict
- they are found, gives their name.
That portrayed here was sketched ir
the Jardin d' Acclimatation of Paris.
The habits of the Sebastopol geese are
d those of the ordinary breed, and them
it combine the useiul with the orna
mental in their beautiful plumage and
a rounded bodies. -- American Agricul
n" turist.
MOVABLE POULTRY YARD.
«y Especially Designed for Those Who Kee'
Fowls in Villages.
A convenient portable yard for fowls
p- is shown in the illustration from a
1. sketch by E. C. WVilliams, Kings coun
te ty, N. Y. This yard is especially de.
.s signed for those who keep poultry in
is cities, and are not able to let them run
.- in the garden. It is six feet long, three
is feet wide. and two feet high. It i4
P'ORTABLE POt-LTRY ItLN.
made of strips which are thirteen fee
long. Five of these strips will bi
needed to make a frame of this size.
First make the frames for the top and
sides Two of the frames should be
made six by two feet, two three by
two feet, and one six by three feet.
They should all be covered withl coarse'
ly woven wire fencing. The illustra
tion shows the frame put togethe
without the wire. These frames ard
to be £astened together by the mortised
joint shown at a, and pinned with
wooden pins or nails. A door may be
put in on one side to suit the one who
is making the yard. This yard is easi
ly moved about on the grass or ground.
-American Agriculturist.,
Treatment of Dwarf rears.
At a horticultural mee 'ng in Massa,
chusetts an address was'ivecn on the
treatment of the dwarf ).ear, contain
igf some suggestions which may be of
use to fruit growers. A special value
of the dwarf was its early bearing,
making it useful in starting new places.
Afterwards it may be changed to a
new standard by removing the soil
around the base of the stem a few
inches, and then puncturing the bark
with a narrow gauge or pocketknife,
raising narrow strips of the bark and
pressing the soil in between the lips oi
bark and the wood in seven or eight
places equidistant around the stem,
then replacing the soil and covering
with a light mulch. Roots will prcizrude
from the incisions, and an even-balanced
standard tree be ultimately secured.
lTIt.s at cheese factories should he
pooled or tho basis of the butter fat
contained in it, the same as in cream
cries. 7i any careful experiments have
proved that fhiq does substnut.ia:
jI~i' ice.
AN JI.LINOIS MIRACLE.
A Case of Deep Interest to Worn.
en Bverywhero
iawed thseagh a Casal Olance as a
~rowspaper-Weak. Pale and ita a De
plrable Condition When ]ellef
Came--A RZmarkambe Earr- C
tLva carefully Inveatlgate d
j a Dubuque oImes
Reporter.
[Dubuque. Iowa. Times. ]
Amongthepeculiarconditions with which
the people of the present age are endowed
is a remarkable capacity for doubting. 1
The Times detorniined upon a thorough In- i
vestigation into a medical case out in BaE
vannah, Ill., as a matter of news, with the
result that the case was even more remark
able than the public had been given to
understand..
Mrs. Kenyon was a good talker and told
the story in a terse way as follows:
"I was born in Warren county, New S
York, thirty-three years ago. I was mar- i
ried when I was nineteen and came to Ba.
vannah seven years ago. With the excop
tIon of being at times subject to violent sick
headaches, I considered myself a healthy
woman up to five years ago. At that time
I was very much run down and aneasyprey
to the ever present malaria in and about
the Mississippi bottom lands. I was taken I
violently ill. The local physicians said I I
was affected by malaria and intermittent
fever. I continually grew weaker and final
ly went to see Dr. McVey, of Clinton, Iowa,
who is reputed to be one of the ablest phy
sicians in the Mississippi valley. He treated
me for a time without beneficial effects. I
then consulted a prominent doctor of Sa
vannah. My stomach would not retain the
medicine he gave me and he came to the
conclusion that my stomach was badly dis
eased. Occasionally I would choke down
and nearly suffocate. I then went to Dr.
Maloney and he pronounced it a case of
heart trouble. He helped me only tempo
rarily. All this time I had grown weaker
and paler until I was in a deplorable condi
tion. I had a continual feeling of tiredness,
a muscular power was nearly gone, and I
could not go up half a dozen steps without
resting, and often that much exercise would
cause me to have a terrible pain in my side.
Seemingly the blood had left my veins. I
was pale as death; my lips were blue and
cold and I had given up all hope of ever
getting better. My husband insisted that I
should take some of Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills. When these had been used I was
somewhat improved in health. I continued
their use and felt I was growing stronger,
my sleep refreshed me and it seemed as if
I could feel new blood coursing through my
veins. I kept on taking Pink Pills until a
short time ago and now I consider myself a
healthy, rugged woman. My house is full
of boarders and I superintend all the work
myself. In other words, I work all the
time and am happy all the time. I am posi
tive that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People saved my life, and I believe there
are thousands of women who could find
great relief if they used them. The sick
headaches I was subject to from girlhood
have disappeared, and I have not had a
single attack since I commenced taking Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills."
One of her neighbors said: "Mrs. Ken
yon'srecovery is something marvelous. She
was reduced to a mere shadow, and was the
palest and mostghost-like person I had ever
seen. If miracles are not performed in these
days I would be pleased to know how to de
scribe a case of this kind."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, it seems, contain
in a condensed form all the elements neces
sary to give new life and richness to the
blood, and restore shattered nerves. They
are an unfailing specific for such diseases as
locomotor ataxia, partial paralysis, St.
Vitus' dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheuma
tism, nervous headache, the after effects of
the grippe, palpitation of the heart, pale and
sallow complexions, that tired feeling re
sulting from nervous prostration; all dis
eases resulting from , itiated humors in the
blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas,
etc. They are also a specific for troubles
peculiar to females, such as suppressions,
irregularities, and all forms of weakness.
They build up the blood and restore the
glow of health to pale or sallow checks. In
men they effect a radical cure in all cases
arising from mental worry, overwork, or
excesses of whatever nature.
These Pills are manufactured by the Dr.
Williams' Medicine Company, Schenectady,
N. Y., and Brockville, Ont., and are sold in
boxes at ..) cents a box, or six boxes for
62.50, and are never sold in bulk.
Rica AuT-"It seems to me as if you
only came when you needed money." Poor
Nephew-"But I can't come oftener."
6100 Reward, 5100.
The reader of this paper will be pleased to
learn that there is at least one dreaded
disease that science has been able to cure in
all its stages, and that is Catarrh. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is the only positive cure
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
being a constitutional disease, requires a
constitutional trcatment. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is taken internally, acting directly on
the blood and mucous surfaces of thq
system, thereby destroying the foundation
of the disease, ar. 1 giving the patient
strength by building up the constitution
and assisting naturein doingits work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its cura
tive powers, that they offer One Hundred
Dollars for any case that it fails to cure.
Send for list of testimonials.
Address, F. J. Cnr.scY & Co, Toledo, O.
" old by Druggists, 75c.
-Hall's Family Pills, 25 cents.
"THEY'vE each gota touch of brimstonein
their tempeors." 'Is that so? Then they
ought to make a good match."--N. Y. Press.
'-Shall I Ever Be Strong Again?"
Many persons suffering from chronic lack
of vigor ask themselves this question in vain.
They have neglected the one sure means of
conferring whattheo lack and long for. In a
very brief time, if they would but use Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters, they would find
their appetite and slecp renewed and
Sstrength revived. The Bitters wrill also sure
ly remedy dyspcpsia, malaria and liver cornm
plaint.
HusnA&D--"Does that novel turn out hap
pllyl'? Wife--"lt doesn't sa.v. Itonlv says
they were married."--N. Y. Weekly.
DocTo--"You cough more easily this
morning"' Patient--"I ought to; I prac
d ticed aU night."-Hallo.
FoR strengthening and clearing the voice,
Sse "Brcwn a BronchialTroches." "I have
1 commended them to friends who were pub
e iic speakers, and they have proved extreme
Sly serviceable."-lev. Henry Ward Beecher.
ALMosT every woman woknow would like
to know what some other woman has got to
be so proud of.-Atchison Globe.
The Skill and Knowsledge
Essential to the production of the most per
fect and popular laxative remedy known,
e have enabled the California Fig Syrup Co.
to achieve a great success in the reputation
i of its remedy, S~vrup of Figs, as itis con
ceded to be the universal laxative. For sale
Sby all druggists.
LooxrIo at it in a practical way a con
genial soul is a bedfellow who will agee not
to eat onions except when you do.-Athison
1 Globe.
ORDIxABr beer is sold by the barrel, but
beck, notwithstanding its goat emblem, is
not disposed of by the butt-Philadelphia
STimes.
Grat Noeelty Frree.
A very unique and handsome nickle plated
box for carryig postage stamps in the vest
pocket will be mailed free upon receipt of
eight cents sfor postage. Stamps accepted.
Address C. B. Ryan, A. G. P. A., C. & 0.
d R'y., Ciucinnati, Qhi o.
HE-"All the world loves a lover."' She
(gently)--"Except sometimes the girl the
lover loves."-Harlem Life.
RErTrTR---"I lave a story here on lherld
.ry." City Editor--"Give it to the knihlt.
Seditor."-Judge.
Tm. man h in mis scared at ghosts Is ~frI,'
of nIo~U,·._- ~iPloi)J~ilnoi) x 'linleg."
awy ýG AifO GifOWNS.
.pelWP Otte rns mtade Up is Ofeord 6s,
and Lidhter Gr IEnsglish Cheviots.
The favored few who have beeu
vouchsafed a glimpse of the model
gowns for early spring find most of
them in tailor fashions. They are made
of the dark Oxford gray suitings and
of lighter gray English cheviots, alse
of coverb suitinga. The smartest mod
els have a cut-away coat much like a
man's morning coat and proportionate
ly long in the back. The revere sro
der than those of masculine gar
snents, and more pointed, reaching
quite out on the sleeves, which are of
poderate size and drooping from the
Ion This coat of Oxford gray suiting
is lined with black satin, and has a
single row of stitching finishing all itt
edges. The back has wide side form..
with t wo buttons defining the waist, aun
the shirt has pleats folded to the znmi
die in the familiar way. With this ii
a double-breasted waistcoat of fancs
goods, such as ecru pique with whits
dots and pencil stripes of black. It hat
two rows of small earu pearl buttons
with eyes in the center. The delight
fully light slkirt completing this suit is
-without lining, escapes the ground all
ironud, and is nearly four yards wide
at the foot. It is fashioned by five
gores that take away nearly all the ful
ness at the top, where it is finished I
with a welting cord. The hem is six
or eight inches deep, neatly stitched in
two rows at the top after the raw edge
has been bound with silk.
The English frock-coat is liked for
gowns made of covert suitings. Thiu
is a double-breasted long coat nearly
reaching the knee, modelled as nearly
as possible after the afternoon coats
worn by men. It is fitted l7 single
darts, under-arm forms and hip seams.
The notched revers collar is covered
around the neck with brown velvet.
The sleeves are extremely large coal
shape. A plastron with standing col.
lar ir Jovided of the covert suiting,
but it is better form to wear a lines
collar and cravat. The skirt is gored
in the regular way, without trimming
or lining.-HIarper's I~azar.
FINANCE NOTES.
TrEs cane sugar product of Louisiana
amounts to 603,853,087 pounds, enti
tling the planters to $11,634,461 bounty.
DIRECT foreign trade from the South
Atlantic ports has at last been accom
plished by the presence of a passenger
bteamship loading at Port Royal, S. C.,
for Liverpool.
A RECEIVEr has been appointed at
Lawrence, Kan., for the J. 13. WVatkiin
Land Mortgage company. The total
liabilities are said to be $4,555,000, and
the assets, 60,220,000.
Tir director of the mint has pre
pared a report, showing that the total
gold product of the United States in
1893 was 1,739.081 ounces, valued al
835,950,000, an increase for the year of
73,455 ounces.
THuE Iron Age reports total capacity
of pig iron furnaces in blast April 1.
at 126,732 tons, against 110,1660 tons on
March 1, 90,242 tons on February 1, and
as compared with 178,858 tons on April
1, 1893.
THE annual report of the Standard
Oil company, of New York, filed with
the secretary of state, shows: Assets.
$20,150,000; debts, $13,150,000; capital
stocf. $7,000,000, all of which has been
actually paid in.
-Z·.
8
:-.-1-.-.i
~=
5'
;··- rc~
~ ~:us
:::.
:1 r
,i y
"~'~"'; ~t::
It the following letteru had been written
by your best known and most esteemed
neighbors they could be no more worthy of
your confidence than they now are, coming
as they do, from well known, ntelligent, and
trustworthy citizens, who, in their several
neighborhoods, enjoy the fullest confidence
and respect of all who know them. The
subject of the above portrait is a well
known and much respected lady, Mrs. John
G. Poster, remiding at No. 3.3 Chapin Street,
Canandaigus, N. Y. She writes to Dr. R.
V. Pierce, Chief Consulting Physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and Surical Institute
at Buffalo, N. Y., as follows: "I was
troubled with eczema, or salt-rheum, seven
years. I doctored with a number of
our home physicians and received no
benefit whatever. I also took treatment
from physicians in Rochester, New York
Philadelphia, Jersey City, Binghamton, and
received no benefit from them. In fact
I have paid out hundreds of dollars to the
doctors without benefit. My brother came
to visit us from the West and he told me to
try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
Ho had taken it and it had cured him. I
zave taken ten bottles of the ' Discovery,'
and am entirely cured, and if there should
be any one wishing any information I would
gladly correspond with them, if they enclose
return stampedenvelope."
Not less remarkable is the following from
Mr. J. A. Buxton, a prominent merchant
of Jackson N. C., who ays: "I had
been troubled with skin disease all my
life. As I grew older the disease seemed
tobe takinga stronger hold upon me. I tried
many advertised remedies with no benefit,
until I was led to try Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. When Ibegan taking
it my health was very poor : in fact, several
ersns ave ince told me that they thought
had the omsumption. I weighed only about
125 pounds. The eruption on m skin was
accompanied by severe itching. It was first
eonfied to my fae but atewards spread
ever the neck and head, end the itching bre
d me Si"tPly nbearable. This was my con
dition when I began taking the 'Discovery.'
When I wounld rub the sarts affected a kind
of branny scale would fall off.
-UM WHISKY AND TOBA.CO
HABITS CURED AT HOME
I 24 To 28 DAYa. Remedy Is pereatly Safe-a child ca take t.
Nothing severe about treatmeft. Hook of partIculars free. Corre
1 fplram euned1....., e dsondeuoe STuRICOTLm 8RIeIM, _ als envle ed Por
Wbhly eed.. * N t etc. a Lock Box . or emphis Keely l ramtl.
'obp.*q *s.m ... ' O* e 0 47i Poplar 1rssb P 'm.TIs
Housekeepers
Should Remember.
The Government Chemists, after having analyzed
all the principal brands of baking powder in the
market, in their reports placed, the "Royal" at the
head of the list for strength, purity and wholesome
-_j ness; and thousands of tests all over O country p
have further demonstrated the fact that its qualities O
3 are, in every respect, unrivaled.
44 Avoid all baking powders sold with a gift or
prize, or at a lower price than the Royal, as they in
44 variably contain alum, lime or sulphuric acid, and
Srender the food unwholesome.
FASHIONS IN JEWELRY.
Tan new silver toast racks indicate
that toast is in fashion.
MUSTARD pots of red glass set in per
forated silver with a silver cover are
new.
INTrAGLIOs of sard set in gold are used
as double link sleeve buttons by peo
ple of artistic and quiet tastes.
NEW tiaras are built like crowns.
The centers are at least four inches
high. Talk about American queens!
Ten trouble with many of our poets is
that they mistake their poetic license for a
liquor licenso.-Atlanta Journal.
Those--.
S-MPimples
Are tell-tale symptoms that your blood is not right-full of im
purities, causing a sluggish and unsightly complexion. A few
bottles of S. S. S. will remove all foreign and impure matter,
cleanse the blood thoroughly and give a clear and rosy com
plexion. It is most effectual, and entirely harmless.
Chas. Heaton, 70 Laurel St.. Phila., says:-"I have had for years a humor it
my blood which made me dread to shave, as small boils or pimples wonld be cut
thus causing shaving to be a great annoyance. After taking three bottles of
my face is all clear and smooth as it should be-appetite
splendid, sleep well and feel like running a foot race, all
from the use of S. S. S.
Snd fr Treatise on Bood nd Ski. Diws m..lled hw: SWIFT SPECIFIO CO, Atluta, ba.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOL 10
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
For a while I saw no change or benefit
from taking the 'Discovery,' but I persisted
in its use, keeping my bowels open by taking
Dr. Pierce's Plasant Pellets, and taking as
much outdoor exercise as was possible until
I began to gain in flesh, and gradually the
disease released its hold. I took during the
year somewhelre from fifteen to eighteen bot
tles of the 'Discovery.' It has now been
four years since I first used it, and though
not using scarcely any since the first year,
my health continues good. My average
weight being 153'i to 100 pounds, instead of
125, as it was when I began the use of the
' Discovery.' Many persons have reminded
me of ny improved appearance. Some
say I look younger than I did six ye-rs
o when I w married. I am now rty
ight years old, and stronger, and enjoy
better health than I have ever done before
in my life." Yours truly,
Thousands ear testimony, in equally strong
terms, to the efficacy of this wonderful rem
edy in cering the most obstinate diseases. It
rouses every organ into healthy action, puri
fies, vitalizes and enriches the blood, and,
through it, cleanses and renews the whole
system. All blood, skin, and scalp diseases,
from a common blotch, or eruption, to the
worst scrofula are cured by ti For tatter,
salt-rheum eczema, erysipelas, bos car
buncles, goitre, oy thick neck, and enlar
glands and swellings, it is an unequaed
remedy. Virulent, contagious, blood-poison
is robbed of its terrors by the "Discovrv "
and by its petherng use the most tainted
system renovated and built up anew.
A Book on Diseases of the Skin, with col
ored plates, illustrti th various erup
tions, mailed by the World' Dise
Medics Association, Buffalo, i. V. on
receipt of six cents for postage. dr, i
Book on Scrofulous Diseases, as Ni-JoDint
Disease, "Fever Sores," "White Swegllin.,"
" Old ores," or Ulcers, mailed for same
amount in stamps.
A sitr doesn't get much done when work
ing around the house. Every few minutes
he is reminded of something for which he
must scold his wife, and that takes timer
Atchison Globe
X.sXA,-"Robbie. why is it that you al
ways quarrel with the little girl next door?"
obbie-" 'Cause she won't- ever hit a fel
low like boys do."-Inter Ocean.
"WA,r will you give me for m good saring
"oem?" F'ive minutes I SItp !",-Cieve
SandPlain Dealer.
PLEAsANTr, Wholesome, Speedy, forcoughA
is Male's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute
SonrETIMEs a man feels the lightest when
he has a heavy load on.--Glens Fals Repub
lican.
The Greatest Mledical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has how in hir
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles as
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
M ELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.:
For Female IDseases.
sh W. L. DOUc.LA as SIOB
equals custom work, costing from
4 to $6. best value for the money
n the world. ame and price
astamped on the bottom. Every
anair warranted. Take no substl
*tute. See local papers for full
descrption of our Complete
line for ladies and gen
W tlenen or send for 1
lkalragd Catalogue
giving in.
an etruetions
1how to or
derby mail. Postage ftree. Yo can eY t the best
brgain of deal ersho push our shoe
REECGERTOR~o for ouroWN.
K CO., Ia Ottawa. St,,rand moptde, Mte1.
,n N.l K ., . .4 -
who bare weak lungsor AsP].
ma. shoulduse Pleo'e oure or
Coesumpton. t hseuared
thuewde. Ithasnotulner.
so one. Itis not bad totake.L
t le the beet cough syrup
Hold Ceerywhere. SB.
A. N. K., F. 14e7
WUil WWLTNBs To ADVERTygg PIZoIg
sttcs fhab yes s aew ii. Adveuureese be IMP
apses