TH - GAZETTE.
.isw~scripdus as Price, : $r Per Year
Remen4 er that all kinds of coinm
mercial p lintlng will be promptly
and neatly done at this office.
Dr. Irios :'s Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
8:30 a. m. 0o :30 p. m. and 3 to $
p.m.
Don't for :et Gardebled when you
make your b oliday purchases.
)Dr. Davi" Compound Syrup of
Wild t( herry and Tar.
Everyone kas ws Wild Cherry and Tar
are good for Cm ighs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
chitis Croup, A 'hooping Cough, all Lung
and Throat trom bles, and when combined C
with other drugs of the greatest value in i
such diseases, as they are in DAvrs' WILD a
CHERRY AND Ta 1a, it makes the remedy
you should have at hand 5oc and $|.oo
per bottle. Ask for DAVIS' WILD CHERRY
AND TAR, NOT W ild Cherry and Tar.
0
The "Bond" of love and affection, ti
the "Bond" of happiness and peace
-the great as tidote for boils and th
-troubles, the ture unadulterated- se
should be in every household for to
medicinal purj Loses. Call for it. p,
It is J. C. Bone I Fine and Pure Old o
Rye Whiskey, a tt Paul Demanade's. co
DAvis' WILD Ci IERRY AND TAR will cure m
your Coughor Cold . Soc. and Si.oo. du
It's a fact :that Gardebled has m
some of the a ost elegant holiday al
novelties to be e seen anywhere. Lt
tin
Instead of 91 r. Alfred Delhomme da
it is Mr. Alber' t Delhomme who in- her
troduced the re solutions at the Scott ter
meeting, ment ion of which was so
made in our h Ist issue. We make pra
this statement to correct the error
made in writing up the proceedings. Gr,
Mrs. Jno. O- Mouton has a mostin i
elegant and corn tplete stock of goods V
preparatory to the holiday trade Ra
and the attentic "n of her many cus
tomers is respec :tfully called to this Ent
fact.
S B
Jos. r. Fourn.et, Esq., a member astic
of the Calcasieu bar and a friend of was
the editor of thin: paper, was a most Allia
welcome visitor- to Thse Gazette tion
office lastTuesd.ay. While in town calli
Mr. Fournet made the acquaintance Judf
of several old friends of his father, orde
Judge G. A. Fournet, who so ably imoi
presides over the z2th Jutlicial Dis- Mal:
trict Court. ing v
New Citron Currants and Al- D.
monds for fruit -cake at Hohorst's Bille
fancy grocery. nard
Th
Mrs. O. J. Sprole dit:d In this ered
town last Saturday at the age of 49 of th
years, after a painful illness of several ton,
weeks. Mrs. Sprole was t:he mother Sheri
of five children, who will mz ourn the hies
loss of a devoted and indulgent last
mother. She was the possessor of clerk
many virtues characterist ic-of the ports
true Christian woman. She counted dates
on her list of friends all ivho knew event
her, as her kind heart and generous and e
nature had won for her tlhe esteem of the
of all with whom she came in con- The I
tact. Her remains were la id to rest sard
in the Protastant cemetery last Sun- cinct,
day;,
Don't fail to hear the anvil chorus holida
at the concert on the 23d at Falk's
hall.
The
For the best cheese go to H. Ho- in thi
horst's. He has the largest variety vigoro
in town, consisting of Cream, Brick, worthy
Swiss, Munster, Neupchatel, Lim- Order
burg and Roquefort. though
Mr. Louis Lacoste, one of our the co
most popular boys, and Miss Lydia of its
McDaniel, the accomplished daugh- plishec
ter of Mr. Elie McDaniel, were of kic
married Sunday evening at the impart
Catholic church at Carencro by the gardles
Rev. Father Laforest. The cere- theirb
mnony was witnessed by a small fomt
number of intimate friends and rela- Is giver
tives. The popularity of the young He kick
couple and the fact that no an- H kick
nouncement had been made of the Till th
marriage was the cause of much And h
surpriser Mr. and Mrs. Lacoste Hekicke
were the recipients of many hand- Hekc
some presents. Thog
See the "Brownies" at Miss Boas' Thog
concert on the 23d instant. He kicke
And nm
For real pretty things go to Gar- Bujen
debled's.
At M
Holidays Z Holidays I Holidsys Ia lovel
They are Coming! New Y
And Paul Demanade is fully and
amply prepared to satisfy the taste Ike
of the most fastidious in the line ofre-elect
something elegant, such as Imported Broussa
and Domestic Wines, Brandies, sheriffs
Gins and Liquors of all kinds--the bravest
inest of pure old Rye and Bourbon most de
Whiskies and malt beverages, com- He is al
prising the best beer, ale and porter. siderabi
Gardebled has the nobbiest at- Many
bums in the town. at the M
Every little girl in Lafayette will Dec.
write a letter to Santa Claus for that pupils oc
big doll at Moss Bros. & Co's. Jtheir coi
FE. Carencro Fair.
The Carencro fair was indeed a
er YQ great success. Too much credit
cannot be given to the beloved
of coin- priest, Rev. Father Laforest, and to
promptly the ladies and gentlemen for the ad
:e. mnirable manner in which this fair
a, over was condpcted. The decorations
in from and the tasty arrangement of the
Id 3 to 5 table were beautiful and showed no t
little labor on the part of our Car- I
encro neighbors,. The good priest 1
hen you possesses the esteem of his entire
congregatior` as was shown by the q
'rup of generous assistance accorded him on n
r. every hand. He is indeed deserv.
, Bron- ing orf success, as no priest has
all Lung worked more zealously for any s:
:ombined cause. He went to work some
value in months ago to build a handsome
s' WLD and spacious edifice for his congre- gi
remndy gation and it energy and zeal count ei
CHERRY fos anything, before long Carencro Pt
r. will be able to boast of having one ta
" of the finest churches in this part of til
ection, the State. rin
peace The Gazette is happy to state that ca
Is and the people of Lafayette "did them- pa
ated- selves proud" on this occasion. The I
old for local theatrical company and the By
for it. Pelican and String :bands kindly wa
re Old volunteered their valuable con- Yo
made's. course and contributed in a great le1
rill cure measure to the success of the fair
during the day and the entertain
Shas ment at night. Among the audience
3liday also there was a liberal sprinkling of c4
Lafayette folks. Lafayette is get
ting to be decidedly nice in her old pla
)mme days. It was eminently proper for
2o in- her to help her prime young daugh- Its
Scott ter, Carencro, but the way she did
was so entitles her to a whole bushel of the
make praise. Well done, old girl. did
error oft
Cranberries, Jelly, Mincemeat, ogn
ings. Grated cocoanut and fine Bon Bons to c
most in profusion at H. H. Hohorst's. this
oods We have Xmas goods at the styli
Racket Store. enla
cus- wes
this Enthusiastic Democratic Meeting
At Broussard, A
BROUSSXRD, Dec. 8.--An enthusi- a
nber astic meeting of the Democracy mak
A of was held this evening at Parmers'
nost Alliance Hall here to ratify the ac
tette tion of the executive cammittee in At
own calling primaries on the 14th inst.
ince Judge Gregg called the meeting to 41
her, order. Lucien St. Julien was unan- good
ably imously elected president and Raoul
Dis- Malagarie secretary, Awith the follow
ing vice-presidents: Ad. Giroaud, sessio
Al- D. Bernard, J. Langlinais, Alex. R. C
rst's Billeaud, A. Olivier and D. G. Ber- rowr
nard. J. w.
The following gentlemen deliv- read a
this ered strong addresses on the issues The
49 of the campaign: Hon. Julian Mou- the t
eral ton, J. O. Broussard, M. Laberge, ohe
her Sheriff Broussard, Eiward Voor- the st
the hies and Andrew Martin. The two By
ent last gentlemen are candidates for grBye
of clerk of court, and to quiet all re- of free
the lay out
ports to the. contrary both candi- cordint
ted dates stated emphalically that in the cide Sa
prietors
ew event of defeat they will actively tian Be
)us and earnestly support the nominees Andre
of the primaries of the 14th instant. Breaux,
-- The Democracy is aroused. Brous- Mr. 1
et ing of C
s ard was formerly the banner pre- calenda
in- cinct, and hopes to regain the honor. faithful
Gardebled can suit anyone in W B
'us H Bille.
holiday goods. The f
k's Moss &
About Kickers. EH Va
The kickers may not be numerous H M v
o- in this town but they are lively, AIf A B
ty vigorous, persistent kickers and S C Le
k, worthy of first seats in the Grand Fred MI
n- Order of National Kickerians. Al- Adrien I
though they don't do much good to ebobd &
ur the community Lafayette is proud H Billea
of its kickers. They are acco- HBe
Splished kickers-adepts in the art There
re of kicking. They are absolutely Jury adj
te impartial; kicking at everything re- R. C.
e gardless of consequences. For Aristic
their benefit the following "poem" is r
11 from the Somerville (N. Y.) Journal way's bc
.is given space in our columns: Ab
He kicked the moment he was born, Taylor, '
In a stalwart, lusty cry. son, Alice
L- He kicked and howled in babyhood, Johnson,
Till the neighbors thought they'd die. ald Birch
He kicked when first he went to school, dinst, T
h And he scratched the mhurse-maid too. Kemble,
He kicked on his college football team- wood and
Yes, he kicked his whole life through. promineD
He kicked right hard in politics, rse
Though he didn't often vote; omprehe
And he kicked at the way the choir sang, formaton
' Though he could'nt sing a note. series of i
He kicked the bucket finally, ng, gin
And nobody mourned, you bet tion of n
But, unless his legs have been burned off Home Jo
He is probably kicking yet. complete,
At Moss Bros. & Co.'s you'll find A rec
I a lovely collection of Christmas and mage's
New Year cards. our plan
Ike Comnplimented. ment ab
Ike Broussard will no doubt be "Up
re-elected sheriff of Lafayette. disappoi
Broussard is one of the best known gested i
sheriffs in the State and one of the was som
bravest, and he has run many of the mand an
most desperate criminals to earth. lull. Pr
He is also a political leader of con- are now
siderabie influence.-N. O. States. foreign
Munyon's Remedies now on salemarked
at the Moss Pharmacy. izes how
importan
Dec. 23 is the day on which the get confi
pupils of Miss Boas' school will give you, we
Itheir concert. ers as a
Mrs. N. Kahn, of Crowley, is the
indeed a guest of her brother, Gus Schmulen.
h credit The popularity of Chamberlain's
beloved Cough Re:medy and the high es
st, and to teem in which it is held leads us to
r the ad- believe it to be an article of great
this fair worth and merit. We have the
corations pleasure of giving the experience of
at in three prominent citizens of Redondo I
st of the Beach, CaL, in the use of the rem- i
towed no edy. Mr. A. V. Trudell says: "I
our Car- have always received prompt re
od priest lief when I used Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy." Mr. James Or- i
chard says: "I am satisfied that t
by the Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cured ;
d him on my cold." Mr. J. M. Hatcher says: 1j
I deserv. "For three years I have used Cham
iest has berlain's Cough Remedy in roy fam
fly and its results have always been
for any satisfactory."s
k some
Indsome if you expect to select holiday
congre- gifts with intelligence and care, and
al count experience satisfaction after you have
arencro purchased them, take time. Now;
'ing one taking time, is by no means waiting
part of till the last day of the season. The
right way is to anticipate that oc
ate that casion--drop into our store when c
d them- passing by and inspect, come again
. The when you have decided, and buy. a
nd the By this method you know what you ca
kindly want and where to find it-besides,
con- you see all of our altogether excel- ro
Sgreat lent and complete stock.
he fair Moss BRos. & Co.
:ertain- x.
dience Analysis made by the government
ling of chemist at Washington of cleaned de
rice from all parts - of the world pr
er old places the Creole (or red) rice of hi
ier for Louisiana at the head of the list. wa
laugh- Its merits have been appreciated to
e did for a century past in the Southwest; of
thel of the "colored -mammies" probably as
did not understand the philosophy exc
of the thing, yet all the same, rec- in i
meat, ognized its superiority when it came Ia
Bons to cooking and serving. In view of con
t's. this fact and of its cheapness these ble
t the styles ought to command a greatly car'
enlarged patronage in the north and bills
etAg west. the
At Moss Bros. & Co.'s you'll find ae
thusi- a Velocipede or Express Wagon, to ae
r make every boy happy. mat
ners' act
e ac- AWanted I as f
At Paul Demanade's, 5,oo000 dried
raccoon skins. of tl
inst. of I
ng to 4-inch Blue and Black Surge to
nan- goods at the Racket Store. He
aoul Police Jury Proceedings. whic
low- LAFAYETTE, LA., Dec. 7, 1895. is a
The Police Jury met this day in regular man
aud, session with the followtng members present: to el
Rlex. R. CA. Landry, A. D. Landry, J. G. St.
Julien, Ii. M. Durke, Alfred Hebert, C. C. gray
Ber- Brown and AlfA.A. Delhomme. Absent: imp
J. %V. V. Broussard. uc
The minutes of the previous meeting were Jffe
eliv- read and approved.te
isues The sum of $15o was appropriated in aid
of public school at Alphonse Dominque's, in ty in
ou- the 6th ward. jokier
rge The sum of $1oo was appropriated in aMd Virg
Sof the public school at Jos. Broussard's, in ship
wtwo By motion, a car-load of lumber was Virgi
granted for the 1st and 8th wards. digni
for By motion duly made, the following jury John
I re- of freeholders was appointed to trace and st
lay out a public road forty feet wide, ac-e
cording to law, from Theall's school to Al-liclit
the cide Savoi's, and to asesss damages to pro- his in
prietors affected: Lucien Broussard, Sebas- it.
ely tian Benoit, Adolph Picard, John Primeaux,
e Andre Hebert and Eugene Bandoin. teous
The sum of St $.5o was granted unto Julie certal
ant. Breaux, indigent. Willia
us- Mr. D)urke was authorized to let the keep- rassec
ing of Olidon Broussard bridge for the next montl
re- calendar year and require $ioo bond for
faithful performance of duty. made
. The following accounts were laid over: which
in W B Bailey, clerk's fees ......................$ Z 5o into h
H Billeaud, 2 cords wood ................ 4 cross
The following accounts were approved: Co
Moss & Mouton, lumber .......... .....3 88 term
E H Vardenbaumer, lumber .......... o 6 Purita
ous H M Durke, lumber ................... -247 46 Taylo.
J 0 ljIebert, sheriff fees .......... ... 3 40 fighter
yAl A Bonnet, repairs clerk's office.... 2 25s
tnd S C LeBlane, repairs to jail --............... 5 oo serou
Alfred Hebert, blankets, nails, etc.... 7 25 more
Ld Fred Mouton, repairs, spades, etc..... 55 his t
Al- Adrien Theall, hauling lumber...... 90 75 was or
Theodule Broussard, hauling lumber r9 aio sr
to WVebb & Arceneaux, building bridge, 24 o00 ten
ud H Billeaud, feeding prisoners, Octo- has le
ber-November ...................... 194 denc.
in- H Billeaud, 2 cords wood-........--4 .... t94he
art There being no further busihess the Police on all
ly Jry R. C. LANDRY, President. public
re- R. C. GREIG, Secretary. son ha
or Aristically the Ladies Home Journal tense
,, gives rich promise, and during the next year and h
will present several groups of Kate Green- when
al way's bonnie little people; Charles Danah
Gibson's best work on new lines and some the
of Albert Lynch's newest creations. W.L.
Taylor, V. T. Smedley, W. Hamilton Gib- was the
son, Alice Barber Stephens, William Martin mar ws
Johnson, Em ic Pape, W. A. Rogers, Regin- ths
ald Birch, Frank O. Small, B. West Cline
dinst, T. de Thulstrup, A. B. Frost, E. V. tile, bi
Kemble, Irving R. Wiles, Abby E. Under- among
wood and other artists of such commanding Clevela
prominence will contribute their finest draw- vate an
ings. In its departments The Journalsben
promises to be stronger than ever, and more
comprehensive in its scope of practical in- Our thi
formation. In this direction it will print a over a
series of illustrated articles on home build- served
ing, giving plans and details for the construc- d
tlron of medium-size houses. The Ladies'
i Home Journal for 896, in fact, will be Of a
complete, and uniquely so. y i
id A recent letter from Dan Tal- Reed is
a mage's Sons, New York, to one of reputati
our planters has a word of encour- Reed j
ment about the market: than hu
e Up to date things have been disagree
. disappointing. 'Tis true as sug- caustic
n gested in ours of October 2, there of amus
e was some little improvement in de- it is dir
e mand and plices, but since then a in genu
lull. Prices for the home product cruel, a
- are now far below equal grades in by the ii
foreign and we can but look for to be th
marked advance then the trade real- gig of p
izes how cheap rice is. The most election
important thing at present is to be- chief a
e get confidence and this rests with States, I
Syou, we of course mean the plant- placd a
es as a class. Market steadily but the. hu
ey, is the sparingly as possible and higher
chmulen. prices will surely be obtained for
iberlain's rice of any decent character."
high es- They then add a word about their
ads us to own business: "eWe are millers of
of great rice; do not buy, but mill on toll.
rience of You can net more having your rice
Redondo milled and sold in cleaned shape
the rem- than you can get by selling in the
Lys: "I rough. Rice when cleaned com
erlains mands all it is worth, which is never
nes Or- the case with rough, except when
ied that through error of judgment a buyer
dy cured pays more than intrinsic worth, and
er ys: how often does that occur? Buyers
I Chain- of rough makre allowance in price on
ys been every lot pur:hased to cover the un
satisfactory rtesult which occurs on I
perhaps one out of five, or as a t
holire, and planter friend puts it-one out of r
S ten. Why should not the planter
make this extra amount? It can be
wNoi secured by having your rice s
milled by an honest miller and sold b
The by an intelligent commission mer- 7
hat oc chant. New York is a good dis
when tributing point and we know that C
e again we can bear oust the statement made %
d buy. above, i. e., of netting more than ci
sides can be gotten by selling in the h
rough. "
excel
LINCOLN 2"'E ONLY -U- ta
Co. JAfORIST. 0
N. O. States. S
nment Any man wh o aspires to be Presi- n
leaned dent of the United States must sup- p
world Ipress, if he possesses it, the sense of
ice of humor, becauise Abraham Lincoln
e list. was the only humorist ever elected H
ciated to the highest' office within the gift fil
iwest; of the American people. Strange SI
bably as it may appear all the Presidents, L
sophy except himsel', were dignified, and, A
rec- in many insta".nces, austere men, but ca
came Lincoln, elected at a time when the Sij
ew of country was in the throes of a terri- Si
these ble civil war, and called upon to rio
eatly carry a great burden of responsi- ch.
h and bility, found it necessary to relieve ty
the tension b)y an occasional joke. sce
Commentinjg on this fact the Phil- Th
adelphia Time s in a very interesting
,tomanner calls attention to the char- in
acteristics of the other Presidents, Oci
as follows: her
fried "Washington wvas the gravest man red
of the whole nation. The tradition equ
of him is that he was never known All
rge to laugh, and seldom seen to smile. Hei
He did not allow that familiarity trip
which must precede joking. There Rio
95. is a story of his nearly withering a cific
gular man with a look who once ventured nevi
sent: to slap him on the back. He was any
c. gravity embodied. John Adams was rese
sent: impulsive and irascible, but too raii
much in earnest to be humorous. rece
were Jefferson was a theorist who was in- anss
n aid tent upon promoting human equali- Any
"s, in ty in a way that did not admit of trip
joking. Madison and Monroe were near
sad Virginians educated to statesman- Age:
s, in ship, and carrying old-fashioned S. F
was Virginia ideas with them, of which New
dignity formed a considerable part.
jury John Quincy Adams carried the
and stern Puritan methods into his put.
A: lic life. Jackson was a fighter, and Leon
pro- his method of fighting had no fun in
bas- it. Van Buren was smooth, cour
aux, teous, conciliating in manner, but
rulie certainly not knowingly comical.
William Henry Harrison was har- B
ep- rassed and over-weighted in the holdin
next month he was in office; Webster fayette
made a joke of the seriousness with taken
which he carried the old Romans le, f
5o into his single message. Tyler was
0 cross, sour, always in trouble in his the fl
88 term of office. Polk was another Seve
69 Puritan, modified by partisanrship. clothin
46 Taylor was a matter-of-fact old tinwar
40 fighter, striving with immaculate a lot
oo seriousness to do his duty. Fill- chair
25 more was thoroughly practical in other
55 his tastes and tendencies. Pierce
was one of the most genial and gen
oo tlemnanly of our. Presidents, but he
has left no mark of humorous ten- A d
05 dency. Buchanan took himself with other i.
oo the extremest possible seriousness town of
ce on all his way to becoming an old to
public functionary. Andrew John- -
son had his head turned by his in
Il tense eagerness to have his own way
arI and he could not recognize, humor Succei
n- when he saw it. Grant is thought to
na have had some grim sense of humor,
Sbut there is no record of it. Hayes Notice
b- was thoroughly respectable, and hu- an orde,
n mor was not in his programme for Juicil
this purpose. Garfield was versa- of l.afa
7 tile, but a taste for fun was not A. D. i
- among his accomplishments. mission
g Cleveland has always taken his pri- sigd cr
vate and public affairs with entire trtor, I
Ssoberness. Benjamin Harrison was highest I
Sour third Puritan President, Polk Sat.
a over again, with Polk's politics re- between
- served, but rivalling Polk in earnest of Lafay
Sdevotion to partisanship. scribd
e Of all the candidates spoken of one A
by either party for the- Presidency, daitwi
- Reed is the only one who has the ments th
I reputation of being a humorist. 3osU
Reed possesses by tar more wit Terms
than humor, and it is wit of a very
ndisagreeable quality, because it is
caustic and biting and stings instead Nov
e of amusing the person against whom
it is directed. On the other hand
Iin genuine humor there is nothing Attent
tcruel, and can be heartily enjoyed
sby the individual who may happen
to be the subject of it. The whirl- ideAhn
- gig of politics may bring about the BEAUSE
election of Tom Reed to be the on.e
chief magistrate of the United with TM
States, but in history he will not be tieof
placed along with Lincoln as one of mile from
the. humorous Presidents of thefmS
higher country. As old Tackleton placed
ned for pins and needles in the toys which
he sold for the purpose of hurting
ut their little children, so does Reed place
illers of rankling barbs in his witticisms to
on toll. wound his fellowmen.:
r rice The First.
I shape First, before making up a list of
g an the papers to be subscribed for in order
com- to provide reading for the family
i never for next year, get a copy of PUB
LIC OPINION, if you are not al
ready familiar with it, and see what
a buyer an enormous amount and variety of
h, and reading m tter it furnishes, all
Buyers carefully selected, edited and con
ice on densed. There is no other paper
published by reading which the
busy maan or woman can so easily
kurs on keep abreast of what the world is
as a thinking about and doing. The
out of readers of PUBLIC OPINION get
lanter one man's views or one side only, but
all sides and many views. Its
can be symposiums upon political, religious,
rice social and other topics are invalu
d sold bie to the student of affairs.
Smer- Teachers in public schools will find
,d dis- PUBLIC OPINION'S plans for the
study of current topics a most ex
w that cellent -method of enlivening school
made work. Every community, espe
than cially in the rural districts, should
n the have a Current Topic Club, with
PUBLIC OPINION for its text
book. For particulars send a pos
.yg tal card inquiry to the PUBLIC S
OPINION CO. New York City.
Special club rate if taken in con
Presi- nection with The Gazette.
sup From the 'Sugar Cane State to
Wse of the Golden Gate.
acoln A ride of Three Thousand Five sa
ected Hundred Miles (3,500) made in sal
egift five days in a Pullman Tourist thi
range Sleeper through the great States of thi
ents, Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico, ist,
- Arizona and California, to Portland, sal
and, Oregon, with only one change of
but cars. This is what the Traveler, an
the Sight-seer or Homeseeker can do. cot
terri- Sights of mountain grandeur, supe- of
n to rior in vastness to any in the known she
world, open upon the vision,
onsi- changing with kaleidoscopic rapidi
lieve ty from the last beautiful bit of
:e. scenery to new ones even more so.
Phil- The Southern Pacific Railroad is P
ting the artery over which the finest trains
tun over the best track of steel rails Are
har- in the South, reaching from Gulf to Wa
Ints, Ocean. Her equipment is modern, Re,
her road-bed magnificently ballas- ieu
man red, and her motive power is un- Par
tion equalled south of the Ohio river. Hel
own All these qualifications are facts. goo
rile. Her employes alway courteous. A ten
rity trip from "'The Land of Sugar Cane, ing
sere Rice Fields and cotton" to the Pa- side
ig a cific Coast is an education in itself whi<
red never to be regretted. Write for theB
was any information to the nearest rep- larg
was resentative of this great system of mon
too railroads and steamship lines, and matt
)us. receive in return your question D
in- answered, reliable and to the point.
ali- Any of our readers contemplating a
of trip will do well to inquire of the
ere nearest Southern Pacific System's Cl
an- Agents before buying elsewhere.
ied S. F. B. Morse, G. P. & T. A.,
ich New Orleans, La.
trt.
the Sheriff's Sale.
nd Leon Querouze & Co., Ltd., vs. D.
in Bonnemaison- 7th Judicial W
r District Court-Lafa
unt yette parish, La.
By virtue of a writ of fifa issued by the
ir- Honorable the i7th Judicial District Court
he holding sessions in and for the parish of La- Cor
er fayette and to me directed I have seized and convit
th taken in my possession and will sell to the town.
last and highest bidder in the town of Roy
fns vule, for cash, on
as Saturday, Dec. 28, 1895,
is the following descr.bed property, to-wit: L
r Several show-cases, lots of drygoods,
p. clothing, notions, shoes, hats, caps crockery,
Id tinware, glassware. saddlery, brooms, ax
handles; a large oil can; a lot of medicines;
a lot of groceries; cake boxes; an iron safe;
1- chair and desk; a scale; and numerous
in other articles.
,e ISAAC A. BROUSSARD, 2C
Dec. 14, 1895. Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
And w
e For Sale.
1- A dwelling house with store-building, and DIAMO
h other inprovements, on Main street in the
Stown of Carencro, Lafayette parish. Apply
to MRS. EUGENIE ABADIE, NEAR -
Carencro, La.
Public Sale.
rSuccession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issued by the Honorable thle x7th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louis
Sinns, holding session in and for, the Parish
of Lafayette, dated the----day of October,
t A. D. i895, and by virtue also out ofacom- "A
mission issued out .of said court, based upon T
sairdorder and directed to me, the nuder
-signed clerk of court and ex-oft-cio adminiis=
trator, I will sell at public auction, to the
highcst bidder, on
Saturday, December 14, 1895, V Yo
between the Icgal hours of sale, in the town
of Lafayette, said parish, the following de
scribed property belonging to said succession,
to-wit:
One certain lot of ground, in Mouton's
Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette,
La., with all the buildings and improve
ments thereon, Ibounded north by lot No.
3oy7south by Jackson street, east by lot No.
3x9 and west by lot No. 321.
Terms cash.
wV. B. BATILEY',
Clerk of Court
And Ex-Officio Administrator.
Nov. 9, 1895.
FOR SALE!
Attention Hoamen Seekers and
Investors.
A chance of your life time to secure an EX
ideal home and- profitable farm. Also the
BEAUSEJOUR Springs and Park situated
on the banks of the beautiful Bayou Vermil
ion. A large commodious count.y residence
with TWO, HUNDRED ARPENTS of
Excellent land. Soil very best for cultiva
tion of Sugarcane, corn,, cotton, etc. One
mile frort the Town of Lafayette; half mile
from Sagar Refitery. Apply at storeof We
S . OL'TON BROS. 1...
'THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYET
t CAPITAL $50,000.
;'OW QIRARD, Preeldent. S. R. PAKIROU, Olihe v
RJ. . PARKEROSO, Vice Prelsdet. P. V. MOUTON, Aslsitnt Oseh.r.r
SDIRECTORS
Y CROW GFRiARD, /. S. VrHITTINGTO7. F. B. -RO 7,
C. C. B'ROWN, A. J. MOSS, " . G. PARRRSIO,
ALCDE JUDCE. F. DAENAVDR,, . P. MOSS.
Being Always Anxious s
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK OF
MILLINEvR Y
And is Now' Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Good.s:
text Tableau. I
a pos
YBLIC State of Louisiana, Parish of Lafa
City. yette, 27th Judicial District
con- Court-Succession
No. 2054.
ito to Whereas W. B. Bailey, of the parish of
Lafayette, administrator of the succession
of Thomas Clewes, deceased, has filed in
Five said court a final account and tableau of
,de in said succession, with a petition praying that
'ourist the same be advertised according to law and
rtes of then duly homologated.
And, whereas, the prayer of said admin
exico, istrator has been granted by an order of
tland, said court dated Dec. 5, x895.
ge of Now, therefore, notice is hereby given to
veler all parties interested to file their opposition
' and show cause, if any they have, in said
1 do. court within ten days from the publication
supe- of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau
.nown should not be homologated. t
ision Given under my official signature in the
town of Lafayette, this Dec. 5, 1895.
pidi- W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court. L
,it of
e so. The Arena.
Among the eminent thinkers who con
tribute to the one hundred and seventy-six a
pages which go to make up the body of The
I rails Arena are Prof. Richard T. Ely, justice
lf to Walter Clark, LL.t)., Rev. Minot J. Savage, o
dern Rev. Edward Everett Hale, Frank B. San- o
allas' born, Rev. John W. Chadwick, Henry Gaul- d
lieur, Prof. George D. Herron, Prof. Frank
I un- Parsons, Prof. Joseph Rhodes Buchanan, e
^Iver. Helen H. Gardener and Will Allen Drom- of
acts. goole. The last named opens a serial of fc
A Tennessee life, which promises to be in- pl
tensely interesting, and which will run dur- ti,
,ane, ing the next six issues of The Arena. Be- fo
Pa. sides the one hundred and seventy-six pages
itself which make up the body of the magazine,
for there are Editorial Notes and The World of N,
Books, which prove of special interest to a
rep- large majority of our readers-all making
a of more than two hundred pages of reading
and matter.
tion DONT' FORGET TO BUY St
g a ...........YOUR.........
the
Christmas Goods or
A., -AT THE- Ju
La
RACKET STORE I !
din
D. tor,
We have just received from New York 'S
dec
A BEAUTIFUL LOT OF TOYS ' twe
Which we will sell at Bottom Figures! the
ourt
La- Come and see them and then you will be ,n
and convinced that they are the cheapest in Iaj
the town. Don't forget to come to nan
toy SCHMtULEN'S RACKET STORE. nea
L. W. MERCHANT, se
ds, .....THE ...... of
I RAILROAD JEWELER
afe; bull,
ous Will be at Lafayette on the crop
20th of DECEMBER, crop
And will remain five days with a full line of pota
goods, such as TI
0d DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND JEWELRY eigh
ply Headquarters at P. DeManade's Store, soutl
NEAR - THE - SOUTHERN - PACIFIC - )EPOT. T
land
oLA MPS
is- # Th,
.1'__-- - 'S' ± the pý
, V point!
- "AS EVENINGS LENGTHEN birds
in THE SALE OF LAMPS STRENGTHEN" L as o
- " $a5
Te points
You can't find a more appropriate o1
" ber cif
by poi
SCHRISTMA '
Large
Small
PRESENT O l
Skurk
THAN ONE of THiOSE FINE lIea
Somals t
J3 give ref
Lfor is
O5ito---1
|,EXTENSION LAMPS
T. . BIOSSAIT, All
settlemi
S Watchmaker and. Jeweler. givon.t
Lafa- Succession Sale.
c a- State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette.-Succession of Dr. Fe
lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
inrish of x17th Judicial District Court-Noa
ccession 2025.
filed in
lean of By virtue of an order Issued out of the
ing that 17th Judicial District Court of Louisiana in
lw and and for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date November 7, 1895, I am authorized
admin- and commissioned to sell at public auction
-der of at the front door of the court-house, in the
town of Lafayette, La., on the
;iven to 14th day of December. 1895,
in said to the last and highest bidder, the following
ndescribed property, belonging to said above
lcatio named Succession, to-wit:
tableau One certain tract of praric land situated in
in the the parish of Lafayette, Carencro, on the
west bank of Bayou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 501 too arpents, more or less,
bounded north by Pierre Prejean, Horace
Martin and others; south by Roche Mouton
and F. Dupuis, east by Bayou Vermilion
mco- and west by property of Ernest Bernard,
y-six and Alexander and Leonard Latiolais.
of The Terms and Conditions:--This property
justice will oe sold as follows: One-third cash;
avage, one-third in one year from day of sale, and
I. San- one-third in two years from day of sale;
Gaul- deferred payments to be secured by mprt
Frnak gage, with vendor's privilege, and to- bear
eight per cent per annum interest from day
ro- of sale, together with Io per cent additional
vial of for costs of collection, should said notes be
be in- placed in the hands of an attorney for collec
adur- tion: Purchaser to execute his two notes
Be- for the deferred payments.
pages IsAAc A. EROUSSAAD,
zine, ovSheriff of Lafayette parish,
rId of Nov. 9, 1895.
t to a
aking
ading Public Sale.
Ty Succession of Ursin Cormier- ar.
ish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana.
S Notice is hereby given thet by virtue of an
order issued by the Honorable, the 17th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louisl- -
ann, holding session in and for the Parish of
Lafayette, dated the 8th day of November,
and by virtue also out of a commission issued
out of said court, based upon said order, and
directed to me, the undersigned administra
tor, I will sell, at public auction, to the high.
k est bidder, for cash, at the-last residence of
deceased, Ursin Cormier, in said parish, be
ys tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, December 21, 1895,
I the following described property to-wit:
One certain tract of one hundred and fifty
be arpents prairie land (more or less, bounded
north by Maxile Prejean. south by land of
t in .aperle Cormier, east by land of Ferdi
nand l3reaux, west by land of Serigne Babi
neaux.
One dwelling house, one corn crib, one
small shed and chicken coop, one other old
r shed, one corn crib, one cabin, one other
cabin, one wagon, one lot of plows, one lot
of harness, one lot of old fencing and wire
fencing, one lot of hot:s, three cows and
calves, one pair of beeves, one two-year-old
bull, five creole horses, one American horse;
the undivided interest in growing cotton
crop; the undivided interest in growing corn
crop; the undivided interest in growing rice
crop; the undivided interest in growing sweet
of potato crop.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land on easst bank of Bayou Vermilion (one- b
(IY. eighth), bounded north by Eabincaux tract,
south by Antoine Claud.
ST. T'he undivided interest in a tract of wood
land near Bayou Vermilion, on east bank,
S (one-eighth), bounded north by Babineaux
tract, south by St. Clair K:lchrist, east by
. west by land o: Louis Lebert.
Also lot of kitchen and household furni
ture, notes, etc. CONSTANT LEGER,
Nov. 16, 1895. Administrator.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $50 bounty to /
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows: '
" $25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
ts5 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
S SIo to the one making next greatest num
ber cf points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
POINTS POINTS
Large Hawk.......... 5 Wild cat ....... .5
Small hawk ......... Coon................... 5
wl 5......... .... Opossum ....... 5
Mink..................."1 5 Weasel.............. 15
Sku k............... . 15 Fox........... ...... .5
ieads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mals to be delivered to Wm. Clegg who will
give receit for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than fie hundred points,
F. F. MVLES.
For Sale.
Three good lots for busineiss
stands. On Lincoln avenue, -
posite Parkerson park. Apply to :
MRS. M. GAnoNrDNc. -
" Notice. .
All parties indebted to the a . ,-
are requested to call and make a mtkE-jii
settlement before Jan. s, rg6. p h
I counts of all thosem failing to ldo 5 b _
Sgiven to the collector for ime
tion. .4a.&. I. --