,iA~k!AYETT GAZEPF 34. ,-r
1 2·rr ___. x 2,i·.7
TIME- I.r rLAFYETE LA., SAUDY FERUR 24 184 NUMBER ~; ; ~_·jS·
htO s1s, by the Autho.1
that there is a pant'er
,;old ose Boddle, pointing
pt-looking affair that lay
punelieon floor of his cabin.
kh mieh like it, do it?"
" question was muddy of
eli "'raisled" at the edges.
-evidently once possessed
fhair than it did at present.
x u z edntinued Mose, "me an'
tfe, Canzady, have raised nine
, one atter another, an' they've
ered over, it, lettin' alone usin'
a bed kiver eoery ' winter for
. I:e..y years. come next Janooary."
' - e; is -a .grizzled hunter of the
S g mountains, whose long rifle
r npouch were better known
wilds-of Babun county, Ga., in
ss~; than the personalities of
more ' widely noted men. His
was a shell of half-rotten logs.
witi-a dirt floor and a rough board roof
down by rocks and poles, instead
less cumbersome but more ex
-ail. In summer it was airy;
r smoky and cold. Dried veni
a's sad. bear's meat hung from the
SiLty:joists; lean hounds slept in the
ashes of the fireplace; on the outer walls
::e~i.stretched the skins of foxes, coons
- ani groundhogs, as odorous trophies of
:t t chase.
"'C.iziada was a lank, sallow woman,
clad in dirty homespun. She sat in a
•- sllint-bottom chair, "grittin' up roast
..In' ears" for the daily supply of "grit"
b red. Several ragged, dirt-eating
children squatted about, vacantly si
lent and staring. The youngest lay
- m tm ching a bacon rind upon the
t s-M -- skin, while Mose himself was
Qiutffntirr a some greased wads for his rifle.
,-- ant'ers nowadays is about as slkase
as hen's teeth," he went on. "But hit
S-weren't so in my younger days. That
there hide was of'n my fust one,
S- though I've knocked over a many a one
senWse.'
So0 Mose repeated the oft-told tale
that hunters everywhere delight to tell
or hear. But, without .following his
S peauliar- idiom, it may be said that his
narrative ran somewhat as follows:
.Several years before his marriage he
-had"lived in the same cabin with his
amother. One bitter winter's night, he
an- ad a younger sister were left alone,
b-- -heir mother having gone down to Let
ter Gap, seven miles below, on a trad
'ing' expedition to the nearest store.
Slhe would not be back before the next
' day. Mose was then a lad of sixteen,
- .nd -his sister Johanna might have
';1-- n- three or four years his junior. -
-3 he winter was a severe one, and
--r._ d being' no "mast"- in the woods,
animals, ac- well as many tame
.- - es, were famishing. Bears had been
seen down in the coves, and the wolfs
melancholy howl was heard at night
with unusual frequency. It was said
that a large panther-the rarest of
wild beasts that prowl those mountain
regions-had caught a young steer
' ltaose by Jabe Whiting's cow pen, and
•`°;manny were the injunctions laid on
Mose and Johanna by their mother
not to stir outside the cabin walls after
dark.
jYhen night came on, they brought
in the yellow cur dog, built up a rous
nug fire in the fireplace, and felt quite
cozy, despite the cold draughts pouring
in through the half-chinked logs; npr
did they heed the wind's sad whistle
down the chimney, as "Yaller creek"
moaned in the ravine outside.
They went to bed early to keep warm
as the fire grew low. Mose was drift
ing into a doze when he heard the
hose-cat mewing outside. Presently
''aplaintive cry sounded up the ravine,
not unlike that of a child in distress
but for its ending in a prolonged snarl.
The cat redoubled its entreaties and
scratched at the door. Mose rose shiv
ering, and, slipping the bar, let the
poor thing in. The dog now began to
growl, interspersing his plaints with
sundry whinings indicative of fear as
O-',ioo T WI DOWN WrIH ALL 5Is
. S TRENGTH.
we.ll as anger. The ory up -he ravine
again rang out, nearer than before. Its
lerand ferocity were quite start
. The plaintiveness was not per
dtble except when mellowed by-dis
aRe Mose hastily barred the door.
- p- precaution was timely. for in a
int ore -stealthy footsteps were
awithout, accompanied by fierce
- and a scratching sound
the logs. The cur dog now
.dm'r the bed, his bristles lower
his whines subsiding into shiv
ence. Mose began to wish that
was at home.
Is it?" whisperej Johanns,
just bwaked up
, mebbe hit's a psnt'r,"
~)puae "I wish we uns had
Whatever it was, after
-:------·--- r, led slowly
- mialing heavily be
Theai'fe was now a
-embem Moser fearful of
-a -rochmed in
without were malfested for a tfu ...
again fell into aose. He was aroused
by an exelamatlt i Sfrom. Jobanna,-v'o'
was still In bed.
_ "H'Me!" she screamed. Mosel
Somethin's a-pullin'"of the kiver!"
Nose thrust a pElie splinter into the
embers, and when it.blaed up he ad
vanced toward the bed~ :Johanas was
on the side furthest from the walL -By
the flaring light they saw ahuge tawny
paw thrust through a wide chink be
tween the logs, with its greats slaws
buried in the ragged quilt. 'hose.
looked hastily around for some kind of
a weapon.
Though he had been at first fright.
ened by the sounds of an uncompre
hended danger the sight of a visible
peril restored his nerve.
"Keep quiet, Johanna!" he cautioned.
"The creatur can't do nothin" yet
awhile."
The family spinning wheel was still
standing.: where their mother had.left
it that very 'morning, after. spinning
the "filin'"' of some jeans she intend
ed to weave.
Hardly realizing exactly what he
was doing Mose jerked the long head
post from its socket, with its trans
verse steel spindle, then, swinging it
high, he broukht it down with all its
strength. -The sharp point of the spin
dle was" driven through the yellow
paw, far into the log beneath. With a
snarl of pain and anger the beast strove
to withdraw its foot; but the upper
to, catching te head-post, it did not
There was a hatchet lying in the
crack above. Mose seized'-t, and with
frantic strokes drove the spindle fur
ther into the log. At every blow the
animal without growled and whined
"I'M AOOIN' TO TAKE HIM AHIND TUH
PORE SHOULDER."
alternately. Johanna watched her
brother, clasping her hands and shud
dering. When she saw that all the
beast's efforts to release itself were fu
tile, she gave a little nervous cry of re
lief.
"'Massy me, Mose!" she exclaimed;
"how can we uns & et any sleep with
that there leg a h'ldin' to the bed
kiver?"
but she did go to sleep after awhile,
despite the dolorous noises with which
the imprisoned animal testified to its
dislike of these proceedings. Mose,
however, kept wide awake and watch
ful. He was more keenly alive to the
possible perils attaching to so danger
ous a neighbor. The dog remained
cowed and subdued.
Morning at length came, when, not
withstanding Johanna's entreaties,
Nose armed himself with an ax and
sallied forth to view his mysterious
and half conquered prisoner. He found,
as he expected, a large panther cling
ing to the wall of the cabin, nuw deep
ly scarred by its claws in vain efforts
to release itself.
It was still furious, though wearied,
and its eyes shone with a yellow flame.
He dared not approach it closely, so
violent were its lunges at sight of the
lad; so, taking Johanna along, they
trudged two miles to Jabe Whiting's
cabin. Jabe was not at home, but a
long rifle hung over the fireplace.
Carefully loading it, Mose and Johanna
started back. Arriving at their home,
they found the panther a good deal as
they had left it, and the dog barking
at the beast with recovered courage.
'"Now. Jo," said Mose, resting his
gun on the garden fence. "Now, Jo,
you stand back. I'm agoin' to take
him right ahind the foreshoulder.
See if I don't."
The brute lunged frightfully, utter
ing a fierce scream as the ball flew
true, then hung limp and struggling.
Mose reloaded and gave it another
shot, to make sure then; then took off
his hat and gave a youthful imitation
of what afterward was known to fame
as the "Rebel YelL" When his mother
arrived, Mose was quietly skinning his
victim, with Johanna watching in dumb
admiration. The bloody spindle and
battered head-post leaned against the
cabin wall. She looked at her children,
at the dead panther, and finally at the
much-valued spindle. Her first words
characterized the contempt of danger
and absence of petty solicitude which
the savage isolations of mountain life
engender ana encourage.
"Good Lord, Mose!" she exclaimed.
"'WVhat have ye been a-doin' to my
spinnin' wheel?"
Moes and Johanna volubly explaineu,
while iMrs. Boddle's manner seemed to
divide itself between admiration of
her boy's pluck, gratitude at thei:
escape and censure of the reckless
methods pursued anent the spindle.
Finally, after giving each of her chil
dren a hug, she delivered herself judi
cially, as follows:
"If hit weren't that this yere pant'er
might have ketched the roan heifer as
we uns driv' dowun the gap, I'd natchel
ly wear ye both plum out for touchini
of that there wheel at all!"
"And, gentlemen," concluded old
Mose, eyeing the ancient hide affee
tionately, "she was a woman as p'int.
edly meant jest what she said. She'd
'h' put the wood on me ahure, if I hadn't
'a' had that there pant'er to show for
mom inikin' up her spinnin' wheel"
-Literally True -~ "Your husband
comes home very late, doesn't he?"
asked a prying woman of her neighbor.
"oha, no,. ma,'-aem, ea,,, Inws3m'n- v,,er
.~iel7",.*i~ 2* £;LL~ 1~~r~~ arudatQe.-
~'Wb t~br
ESS1 OF THE STEAMBOAT.
s Craft That Foreshamowe the
odoe Greyhomund of the Sen.
'Phtfirst steamboat was built by Den
nis "Papin, who navigated it safely
down'the Fulda as long ago as 1707.
Unfortunately this pioneer craft was
deitroayed by jealous sailors, and even
thl -yery memory of it -was.lost for
three-quarters of a century. In 1775
Perrier, another Frenchman, built an
experimental steam vessel at Paris.
Eight years later, in 1783, Jouffroy took
up the idea ,that had been evolved by
Papin and Perrier and built a steam
boat which did good service for some
time on the Saone.
The-flyst american to attempt to ap
ply steam to avigation was John Fitch,
a Connecticnt mechanic, who made his
initial experiments in the year 1785.
To what extent Fitch was indebted to
the three illustrious French inventors
named above we are not informed, but
that his models were original there is
not the least doubt. In the first he em
loyed a large pipe kettle for generating
the steam, the motive power being side
paddles working after .the fashion of
oars on a common rowboat. In the
the second Fitch craft the same mode
of propulsion was adopted, with the
exception that the paddles wvere made
to imitate a revolving wheel and were
fixed to the stern-clearly foreshadow
ing the present sternwheeler.
This last mentioned boat was the
first American steam vessel that can be
pronounced a success. It made its
first trip to Burlington in July, 1788.
But, after all, it was not until after the
opening of the present century that
steam navigation started into actual
life. In 1807 Robert Fulton (who every
school child knows was an American),
in conjunction with one Robert R. Liv
ingston, built the Clermont and estab
lished a regular packet service between
New York and Albany.
The success of this undertaking was
so satisfactory that four new boats
were bIuilt before the end of 1811, at
least two of them being designed for
service in other rivers.-St. Louis Re
public.
HOW PAT TOOK THE PLEDGE.
Bound Himself Not to Drink and Yet Left
Convenient L.oopholes.
Pat Cahill and Bridget, his wife,
were two well-known characters less
than a score of years ago in Lansing
burg. Both liked a- "wee dron" at
times, and once in a great while Pat
would come'home on Saturday night
decidedly the worse for wear.
This would scandalize Bridget, but
her solicitude for her husband's habits
apparently arose not so much from his
condition of intoxication as that she
was deprived from any'participation in
the conviviality.
At last one day came a temperance
orator, who made a great impression
on the towns-people. The man was
somewhat more liberal in his views
than others who had preceded him,
and if he could not secure a pledge for
total abstinence would compromise
upon some other terms.
Among those who went to hear the
advocate one night was Pat and his
wife. The former appeared much af
fected by the arguments, and finally
pressed forward from his seat to sign
the pledge. His wife trailed on be
hind.
"Don't be afther making it too
sthrong, Pat," she whispered loud
enough for every one to hear.
"Don't tempt me, Biddy," he re
marked as he advanced to the plat
form.
"WVrite down there." said he to the
temperance man, "that Pat Cahill
will not taste a drop of liquor"
"Write down there, as I tell you,"
continued Pat, wavering a bit, "that
Pat Cahill will not taste a drop of
liquor except at a christening, a wed
ding or a wake and when he meets a
friend."
These terms were liberal enough to
satisfy Biddy, and Pat, too, for that
matter, but, strange to say, he ever
afterward boasted of talcing the
pledge, but it did not prevent him hav
ing many a glorious spree without
ever violating his terms.-N. Y. Herald.
Milllinery Shop Superstition.
The only remarkable superstition In
the millinery business is the suspicion
that gives the little black pin dignity.
With the exception of women in
mourning, customers would, rather go
unpinned than use a black pin to
fasten a veil or a bonnet string. Black
pins are always to be found in the
cushions of fashionable shops, but so
strong is the aversion to them that
many women will refuse to take goods
that have been ordered if by any ac
cident the ominous pin gets into a loop
or rosette. -N. Y. World.
" How These Mea Love Each Other!"
Scribbley-Clubb says he shot five
hundred glass balls in forty minutes
the other day.
Dribbley-Didn't he shoot 'em with a
long bow?-Judge.
The Drugglist's Smile.
"Do you have any scruples about
drink?" he asked the stranger.
"No," was the reply, though I usual
ly take mine in drams."-Truth.
-Paul Bennevue, who is in a New
Hampshire poorhouse, a physical
wreck, has been a diplomat, editor,
publisher, orator, politician and
banker. He began his public life in
France as secretary to Alexander
Dumas the elder, and in that capacity
edited the copy of many of the novel
ist's books. He is now TO years old.
-To find out your own age, or that
of any other person, multiply the num
ber of the month of your birth by 2,
add 5, multiply by 50, add your age (or
the other man's or woman's), subtract
865, add 115, and thelast two numbers
of the result will indicate the exact age.
-"Milton je a regular mouse in dis
position, isn't he?" "Great J.Tupiter,
no; his wife hasn't an idea of being
afraid of him.~"-lnter'Ocean.
-The largest library is in Paris. It
has -l,400$,00 volumes, 175,000 manu
rinnpts, 3o00,0o0 zamps and too.0oo ePis
I -
ORIENTAL PHILOSOPHY.
Itbe Ifme4e pthe Idea of the INaes
-ltmgsliableaeee of Life.
St. Paul's great declaration, "the
things seen are temporal; the things
not seen are eternal"-accepted timid
ly here' by the pious, but regarded as
a mere phrase by the materialists-is
in India a commonplace of daily cer
tainty. Nobody there doubts the con
tinuity of life any more than he. doubts
that the setting sun will rise again,
the same orb, to-morrow.
I have heard a Mahratta woman,
while chiding her child for spilling
milk, exclaim: "You must have been a
very bad girl in your past life!" The
popular reason why Hindoo widowsdo
not remarry is because the loss of a
betrothed or wedded,husband is looked
upon as the fatal expiation for some
extreme offense in a previous existence,
to 4 be borne with patient con
tinuance in this one; on which
condition the family of the
deceased husband will faithful
ly maintain the widow, as still belong
ing to the dead man, and to be surely
reunited with him. This was the basis
of the heroic though tragical custom of
"Sati," or widowburning, one of the
grandest deflances ever flung by
human faith and love at the face of the
doctrine of annihilation.
The respect for the animal world,
general in Hindoo and Buddhist socis
ties, is founded, with the tenet of
transmigration, on the same fixed be
lief in the endurance and evolving
advance of every individual being. No
spot is empty of life in the Indian
mind. A Deccani or Bengali laborer,
at his meal in the jungle, throws be
hind him fragments of his chupatty for
the invisible Bhuts and Prets to eat.
In India, as in Japan, festivals (shrad
dhas) are made for the dead with
scrupulous regularity, at which their
seats are duly set. The east is satur
ated with the mental and social re
suits of this universal acceptance of
the notion that individual life is inex
tinguishable. A dignified calm spreads
throughout the oriental populations, a
permanent uninquiring plagidity, no
ticeable by the most careless or prej
udiced eye.
The wisest Indian philosophy has
never boggled, like ours, over that silly
"supernatural." The Upanishad says:
"What is in the visible exists also in
the invisible, and what is in Brahm's
world, that is also here." The
Ultimate, albeit Unreachable, is as
real to the Asiatic mind as rice; and in
the Bhagavad-Gita Arjuna is acturally
permitted to behold the embodied In
finite. Indeed, it is rather this present
existence which India regards as the
illusion, the Maya. To see the stars
we must wait for night, and to live we
must die. Nor is [it uninteresting to
note in Hindoo classics how these large
and happy serenities of oriental view
have softened personifications of death.
-Sir 'Edwin Arnold, in Longman's
Magazine.
WONDERFUL SUN-CLOUDS,
Dr. Stoney's Theory of shlning the Shells
from Which Radistton Proceeds.
Theories as to what the sun is, and
how it manages to supply such a mar
vellous quantity of light and heat, a
very small fraction of which suffices to
keep the earth a living planet, must
always command great interest when
they come from men of high standing
in science. If such theories do not
cover the whole truth, at least they
teach us something that we did not
know, or had not thought of before.
Recently Dr. G. Johnstone Stoney has
restated some ideas of his about the sun
which were originally put forth more
than twenty-five years ago. He thinks
that late discoveries have tended to con
firm his theory.
In his view the photosphere, which
is the shining shell of the sun that we
see, and from which most of its radia
tion proceeds, consists of sooty clouds
raised to a temperature of incandes
cence. These blazing clouds are on an
average two or threq hundred miles
broad and several hundred long. Be
tween them is seen a less luminous
background producing the appearance
of pores, familiar to all who have looked
at the sun with a powerful telescope.
This darker background, according
to Dr. Stoney, may be a second layer of
heated cloud composed of transparent
material which is capable of scattering
the light that falls upon it, while itself
radiating less abundantly than the
sooty clouds above, so that it appears
darker by comparison. Or the dark
background may mark a level in the
sun where a sudden increase of density
'and an abrupt change from the trans
parent atmosphere above to a condition
of opacity beneath take place. This
would present the appearance of the
reflecting surface of a molten ocean.
Such an ocean would also radiate less
abundantly than the clouds above, thus
appearing darker. The dark centers of
sun-spots are, according to the theory,
parts of the same underlying ocean of
inconceivably hot vapor, or liquid,
which yet does not shine as brilliantly
as the upper clouds.
This idea that the centers of sun
spots, which sometimes appear actually
black, are in fact only dark by com
parison is not, of course, a new one.
We know, indeed, by experiment that
the darkest part of a sun-spot is really
brighter than a calcium light. Think,
then, of the blazing splendor of the
surrounding solar clouds which are
capable of making so radiant a bright
ness appear black as night!-Youth's
Companion.
One PFool Enogth.
Mr. Uptown Boulevard went to a
masquerade ball as a harlequin. A few
days afterward an intimate friend
asked him for the loan of his costume
to attend a similar occasion.
S"No, sir," wars the reply, "I allow
Snobody to make a fool of himself inmy
eostume except myself."-Texas Sift
ings.
A Cabritablo Wlew oft .
•'"Mi De oord's piano playing al'
ways reminds me of a certain scriptural
injunctiema."
"What is that?"
"She does not let her lift hand know
what her rightlau4 doeth."-Pnlm.
-,- ..."r ,. - .
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Rejuvenating Stale Bread: Dip the
toaf, or loaves, in cold water, put in the
oven and heat thoroughly; take out,
wrap and sweat.
-Fried Celery: Cut large stalks.of
Selery into three pieces. Boil till ten
der; then dip each piece into . batter
made with two eggs and a few spoon
fuls of milk. Roll in fine breaderumba
and fry brown in hot butter.-Boston
Budget.
-Peach Shortcake: One quart of
sifted flour, two tablespoonfuls of bak
ing powder, a pinch of malt, a table
spoonful of sugar, three tablespoonfuls
of butter and milk to make a soft
dough; bake in two layers, one on top
of the other with butter between; when
cool slit open with a knife and cover
with canned peaches sprinkled with
sugar. put other layer of crust on top
and cover with peaches.-Farm, Field
and Fireside.
-Savory Soup: Take two cups of
cooked split peas which have been rub
bed through a colander, one cup of
s mashed potato, and one-half cup of
f strained, stewed tomato, add sufficient
hot water to make of proper consis
r tency, season with salt sand add an
a onion sliced. Reheat the whole until
well flavored with the onion. Remove
the pieces with a fork' or tuai the whole
through a soup-strainer when it is
f ready to serve. A little cream may be
added if desired.-Good Health.
-Yorkshire Pudding: Five table
spoonfuls of flour, two eggs, a pinch of
salt, milk enough to make a batter
the thickness of cream (about a pint).
Mix eggs, flour and salt with a little
milk till smooth, adding gradually the
rest of the milk. Pour the batter into
a large dripping pan which has been
thoroughly greased with hot beef drip
ping. Bake in a hot oven fifteen or
twenty minutes. Serve with the beef,
with gravy poured over.-Good House
keeping.
-Fish Forcemeat: Take two ounces
of turbot, sole, lobster, shrimps, or
oysters; free from skin, put into a
mortar, with two ounces of fresh but
ter, one ounce of bread crumbs, yolks
of two eggs, boiled hard, and a little
eschalot, grated lemon peel, and pars
ley, minced very fine. Pound well till
thoroughly mixed and smooth; season
with salt and cayenne pepper; break
in the yolk and white of one egg, rub
well together, and the meat is ready
for use. Oysters parboiled and minced
fine, and an anchovy may be added.
Housekeeper.
-Cocoanut Pudding: Break the co
coanut and save the milk; peel off all
the brown part and then grate the co
coanut very fine. Take the same
weight of the cocoanut of powdered
white sugar and one-quarter pound of
fresh.butter; rub the butter and sugar
to a cream, and add to it five eggs, well
beaten, one cupful of sweet cream, or
rich sweet milk, the milk of the cocoa
nut. Stir all vell together. Line a
deep pudding dish with rich paste, put
in the padding, and bake it an hour
I and a quarter. To be eaten either hot
or cold without sauce.--Ohio Farmer.
-Sponge Cake: Take the weight of
ten unbroken eggs in sugar and half
that weight in flour. Beat the yolks
till very light, then add the sugar and
'beat five minutes; add the rind and
juice of one large lemon, or two small
ones, and the whites beaten to a stiff
froth. Stir in the flour gradually and
thoroughly. This measure makes three
good-sized loaves. Bake about half an
hour in a moderate oven. The oven
door must not be opened till the cake
is nearly done, as it will be likely to
fall. If you wish to make a smaller
measure take the weight of five eggs in
sugar and half that weight in flour.
Sponge cake should always be broken:
never cut it with a knife.-Boston
Budget.
THE DINNER TABLE.
Attention to Everv Detail Makes the
Whole Attrsetive.
Everyone can set a table, but every
one can not set a table that is at once
refined, sensible and dainty. As a rule.
cheap articles are not a good invest
ment, but it is better to have inex
pensive linen and plenty of bright
glass and plated silver on your table
than none at all. The crystal salt
m cellar and the silver pepper-box at
each place should be so bright and
shining as to ornament the table and
delight the eye. Unfortunately flowers
at certain times of the year are ex
pensive. If you can et a bunch of
chrysairthemums for twenty-five or
thirty cents it will pay to do it. With
care they last well, and flowers
are always a charming addition
to a dinner table. Inexpensive
s china which is not cracked or chipped
9 is much more to be admired than "wed
f ding present" sets that have gone
through long sieges of Mary Jane's
f banging-slamming style of dilshwash
ing. Have fancy imitation cut-glass
p dishes for olives, celery or pickles, if
you can not afford finer ones, but have
- the proper thing for each article of
r food; don't substitute or use make
- shifts. It dispels the pretty glamour,
which should envelop the evening meal
t as the most ceremonious one - of the
r day. The children should be encour
aged to dress for dinner, and every dish
a should be, ;if possible, garnished in
a some way-the bread with a fringed
- doily, the meat with watercres and
m parsley, and the fruit with great green
leaves, which give it a fresh, country
look.-Chicago Times.
Maesettee La asheon.
The touches of ribbon added te
a many kinds of fancy work now take the
form of rosettes. Large rosettes made
of loops of wide satin ribbon are seen
on new waste-paper baskets, and
smaller ones on work-baskets. The
rosettes are often of different colors,
as one of yellow and one of pale pink.
They look like double hollyhocks.
L Rosettes not as pretty have half a dosen
1 different colors in their make-up. For
lace-trimmed pin-cushions and pillows
and shades full pompons are made from
} many Ibops of baby ribboa,--gt. ~ois
Repable.l
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
-The Woman's Foreign Missionary
society of the M. E. church, at its re
cent meeting at St. Paul, appropriated
lu81,00 the coming year.
-A New South Wales society has an
"open air committee," which conducts
an open air Gospel meeting every Sun
day before church services.
-The remarkable statement is made
that ten Ysle students have been
stricken with appendicitis within a
year. This looks as if some dietary
problem were involved in the case.
-The Bridgman school for girls at
Peking, China, has recently determined
to receive no more girls with bound
feet. The native Christians at Peking,
as the result of an enthusiastic meet
ing, have formed an anti-foot-binding
society.
-Nearly 11,000 women have regis
tered in Boston, a substantial increase
over last year. The women in Deer
field, Mass., who sued the assessors for
refusing to register her has obtained
$42.04 damages, and now all the other
Deerfield women are registering. School
suffrage in Massachusetts is looking up.
-When Winifred of Devonshire (680
754 A. D.) went to Germany to convert
the heathen his first act was to fell a
sacred oak which had been dedicated
to Thor. A great storm assisted him
in laying the giant prone upon the
earth, and the heathen, regarding itas
a miracle, were converted by hundreds.
-Of the 4,289 girls attending the
various high schools of Berlin 1,603 be
long to Jewish families, that is, 38 per
cent. Of the 8,725 pupils attending the
gymnasia (colleges) 1,909 are Jews, a
percentage of 24. While the total at
tendance of the Berlin gymnasia has
decreased, that of Jewish pupils has in
creased.
-Missionaries of the English church
engaged in itinerating in southern In
dia find numerous instances of edu
cated men and Brahmins who are con
vinced of the truth of Christianity. In
one place a whole Brahmin street was
found to be in a state of dissatisfaction
with Hindooism, their leader confess
ing: "The more I read of it the less I
believe it."
-One of the most picturesque ec
clesiastical structures in New York is
St. John's German Evangelical Lu
theran church in Christopher street. Its
brown-stone front is ornamented with
quaint carvings in the colonial taste,
and its low steeple bears for weather
vane a gilded arrow, that looks as if it
had been whittled out of a shingle by
some choir boy in an idle hour. Ad
joining the church is a substantial
brick parish structure, having a look
that bespeaks a handsome endowment.
-The executive committee of the
Western Reserve university has ap
pointed Mrs. Mary Noyes Colvin pro
fessor of romance languages in the col
lege for women. Mirs. Colvin was
graduated from Mount Holyoke, and
after studying and teaching several
years she entered for a degree at the
university of Zurich. In February,
1888, that university bestowned upon
her the degree of Ph. D., summa cum
laude, she having been the first woman
to receive the doctors' degree from
the institution.
-The state of Michigan has taken an
important step in the treatment of con
sumption by deciding to quarantine the
disease. The idea is that while every
thing should be done in the way of pro
viding for those affected with the dis
ease, and are endeavoring to lessen
their sufferings, especial care should
be taken to isolate them, and thus di
minish the danger of their propagating
the disease among those who are
healthful. Michigan will establish,
therefore, separate hospitals for con
sumptives. The physicians of tnat
state declare further that a quarantine
against consumption will give the best
opportunity for prosecuting the study
of this malady.-New Orleans Times
Democrat.
NATURAL GRACE.
A Beautliul Quality, But When Assumed
a Detriment.
Gracefulness, when natural, is a very
pretty accompaniment to youth and
beauty in women, but when it is as
sumed, or rather imitated in an exag
gerated form by women of mature
years for purposes of coquetry and
flirtation, it becomes most distasteful to
those possessed of any refinement.
Naturally graceful women in this coun
try are by no means common nowadays.
Indeed, the compression of corsets
and the religiously tight-fitting
tailor-made gown appear almost in
compatible with gracefulness. Grace
fulness belongs essentially to freedom
and nature, and, as a rule, it is easy to
discover when only accquired. Nice
manners are far preferable to acquired
gracefulness, which requires a contin
nal effort to keep up. Doubtless much
of the grace of the ancient Greek and
Roman women was due to their loose
style of dress, the corset being an un
known infliction of later years. How
ever this may be, certain it is that the
women of to-dlay do not possess the
gracefulness of Helen of Troy or Cleo
patr-a.-Chicago Post.
Blblical.
The other day I was told of a little
girl who attended a distribution of
prises given by the society for the pre
vention of cruelty to animals. She
hsd won, you must know, a book as a
reward for writing the best essay om
the subject given, and with the other
successful children was undergoing a
viva vooe eamination.
"Well, my dear," said the gentleman
who had given away the prizes, "can
you tell me why it is cruel to docl
horses' tails and trim dogs' ears?"
"Because." answered the little girl,
"what God has joined together let no
man put aander."-Leisure Hour,
hFamIar with prsare.
8trasnger-You are a native of thh
town, I presume?
Boy (in cigar atore))-No, I'm fro
Pennsylvania.
"'Ah A great manufaetusing state.'
'Yes, sir. Pennsylvanla prodnce.
PERSONAL AND LiTEWAP;"
-The new president elect o
Swiss federal council. who to
seat without any elaborate
is well known to the Swies
ithis country. Not only was-,
Swiss minister to the United ii
but he has relatives in both New
and Chicago.
-Miss Alice Stone Blackwell is d..
voting most of her time to the wrft".
of a biography of her famous mothiq-:
the late Lucy Stone. Miss Blackwell
young woman of unusual force ,ae~.
beauty of character, bred in her
er's ways and purposes,-and greyl
terested in the cause of womansa sud
frage.
-The will of the late William -,
Coleman, the famous forty-iner
sketch of whose career appeared  in th
papers not long ago-which. has. been
filed in San Francisco, shows that the
estate is worth eight hundred tho
sand dollars. With the exception of
fifty thousand dollars each to his sons,
the testator leaves all -his fortune to
his widow.
-Father Kenelm Vaughan, of Li
gland, a Catholic priest who spent
three years in a missionary joiurnei
through South America, from Panarma
to Patagonia, addressed the students:.
of John Hopkins university the-otiar.'
day on the subject of his adventurke,'
The journey was made on muldback,
on the backs of Indians, in eanoes, i~n
hammocks and on foot.
-It is said that Lady Jeune, who has
written so much on the "con" side of
the society question, can seldom stray
beyond the limits of a short sentence
without endangering her grammar.
She has written a preface for a new
volume about women, and, unfort*
nately, suffers some of her worst liter-,
ary shipwrecks in trying to expresser
appreciation for the work of women
authors and journalists. W .__ V
-The Princess Maud of Wales is
credited with an original freak. A
little while ago she slipped away from
state and went to spend a week with-sr
lady to whom she is much at
who had been in attendance on her:
but since married. She preserved a
strict incognito as Miss Wells, and en-
joyed herself amazingly at tennis
parties and other countgy house fee
tivitics. She was immensely popular.
-The "last will and testament" of
Lord Byron was sold at auction in
London recently for $15. At the same
sale a characteristic letter of Carl1le
to Mrs. Austin brought $20, and a let
ter of Byron to Coleridge 835. A letti'-
of George Eliot, complaining of the lit
erary criticism of certain persons, was
sold for $25; a letter from Nelson to8tr -
William Hamilton for $40, and a num
ber of letters written by American
presidents and statesmen for $125.
-Capt. Ben Thompson, of Kenne
bunkport, Me., was one hundred years
old recently. The old skipper is living
in the house in which he was born
December 20, 1798. His oldest son is
seventy-one years old and lives with
him. He is erect and vigorous and at
wrestling at side holds or "arms'
length" his son Evan to-day would be
no match for him. He shaves himself
regularly and during the first fall of
snow this season he was engaged in
making repairs of the road in payment
for his county tax. With the excep
tion of extreme deafness all the cap.
tain's faculties seem to be intact.
HUMOROUS.
-A plain dinner to-day is better than
a banquet next week.-Truth.
-The best remedy for self-conceit is
to be well introduced to yourself.
Ram's Horn.
-"Your neighbor appears to have
failed a good many times." "Just
twenty-four times. The next will be
his silver bankruptcy." - Fliegende
Blaetter.
-"How can you be certain that it
was as late as two o'clock when Harry
came in last night?" May-Because
he stumbled over a chair without
swearing out loud.
-"Stiggles says he doesn't care for
publicprominence and is content to live
in a little world of his own." "That's,
Stiggles all over. Everlastingly want
ing the earth."-Buffalo Courier.
-Postal Clerk -"This letter is too
heavy, Miss; you want to put another
two-cent stamp on it." Miss Innocence
-"But won't that make it heqWler
still?"-Raymond's Monthly.
-Young Man-"I want an engage
ment ring." Jeweler--"Yes, sir. About
what size?" Young Man-"I don't
know exactly, but she can twist me
around her little finger."-Tit-Bits.
-At the Salon.-"Can you tell me
what that picture represents?'" *"' i-t.
is Queen Cleopatra. Have you naser
heard of her?' "Never in my lifte.:
seldom read the papers."-L'ir~nr
sigeant.
-"I wouldn't think marriage wam-l&
seem much like a lottery to Catchi'
many." "W'Vell, I would. Hre's~
married three times and each ti' i,
fortune." "I know, i
had to take a wife, too. " ::,
-"I hear Parker has * -
novel." "Yes." "Sueceastull'.
Whole edition sold in two hotsi"-
deed! That's fine." "Oh as.
father-in-law bought it in fo,
daughter's aake."-HIRipet's 3aura'
Mushman-"Do youa know
drink a single glam of tt habe
to my head?" harp-"'
beer?" Mshna an-· ow' -j
Sharp-"Why, it seemstok
to find the most room.'-
aette.
-Mrs. Ntwoed-"I wait
something to yaou, dssrF t.
you about my ae;Aik ,s
as well reeipOaleetb,
oseived you aboutfoY
than I t9h you."-
--Dmintag 4mjif
sir, when I ~wnsdh ,
ferry-boat was;
eee~t)mK