"1-''1 - - " , . , - "
-I" L FT L . . ..
 .. .. ,_ .· ,. · .- .r :
_.--a-: ~~~~~~~~~I .: .-? . . . . ... . . .. . . .. .. . mmm u n nn mu
e i SEQUJ!TA
ibbs Autor.]
H pu blished
s'e ouunt ontfthat
-.'terrible eve t
in the Mull of
* Cantyre are
- very inacen
rate. but I
should have let
them pass un
der ordinary
.- circumstane eas.
s,. My poor friend,
Pro. Quintus
Extremus Be
F 'ithing for popular opin
Se never looked at a news
t ling, and it seems un
w ld adopt the practice now.
that the scientfic jour
;misapprehend the story of
fte-and that he would feel
All the lesson of it may be
the facts be made plain. No
perform that service for the
agmself, and I regard it as a
} e- motive of his retirement to
i'%of.Cantyre is mfisunderstood.
.ahinted in society, I hear.
tient scorn of his contem
dove hat great soul to make
in a barren spot, far from
tiet men. In other words,Prof
e simplest of human be- 1
whole mind was absorbed in,4
Ror the happiness and advance
t,-:the race-was a misanthropel
mad;i -charitable if not much
i~-informed have stated that his
~ ecame so irritable under the
a of those tremendous studies
.s lclations that he felt stifled as by
. td, even in his lonely house on Ep
s. There is some faint truth
SBHe said to me once that every
s ed to be Derby day when he
il id eyes. But a mind so well bal
- - reasonable, would never have
teampted to withdraw into the
S': erit--for such was his abode on the
I" of Cantyre-by fancies like these.
'rie'reluctance to move which is natur
-..i:o such- dispositions would have
--cheekedim. The truth is that Prof.
-. rtl ]had long foreseen the necessity
- o,~ 1ung a habitation in which he
Soil.crry through his last decisive
S.rocesseswithout fear of harming any
.'nsbhetides himself. This fact I have
Sunder his'own hand, in a letter dated
July 7 'last year. I had heard of his
- 3ortyto uantyre--as who did not?
the movements of such a world-wide
genis, are chronicled at the antipodes.
- .Inr aiwear to my inquiries, the profes
-ath- wrote:
S"It is quite true that I have built a
lIttle house at Ratholin; you shall
S-Rtznide tae it for yourself if all goes t
e- 'i-ell--about this time next year, so far
AS .ean calculate. It is true also that
: ihave .built it secretly-that is. Scot, t
Swy lIwyer, made all the arrangements t
withont naming me. But the state
..~t that I have paid many visits to
assure myself that the laboratory, etc.,
'Is properly constructed, that I mean to
live there. and all the other gossip P
whieh you retail, are grotesquely inex
a.et, Where is no laboratory, I had
.rver seen the house till last week, and
i havenot thought of living in it ex
. rept fo a'day or two at rare intervals.
'- ~si., five years since I perceived that
a time would come, if my researches
d me to the result which they seemed
to indicate, when it would be
advisable to have a 'pied a terre'
In lome - unpeopled neighborhood. ea
- I consulted Scot, in the strictest
coifldence, who advised Ratholin.
*e ihs carried out my wishes admir
ably. The little house is comfortable
enough for me, and for you too. I
hope. As for the main point, there is
but one human dwelling within five
miles, and the occupants of that, a
shepherd's family, are more than will- tl
nlg to turn out for the day upon pay
Si
ye
er
he
in
ki
hI
= - to
in
htCO.VuLTED SCOT." it
- .....esovereign. If you wish to
, oe n condition that
,t.i"'tweek. I have some very
S iCtis, to dhow yost." t"
p Eblished prove esom asm
ip ..been left alone in the o
!,by his express desire.- Of lo
shot send awiay that ad
;,to whom savants all a
re R'eierag respeotful tr
oraw. dd he volunteer per
" ~'ervnts Wmasins and
et.aLt nd the festivity at oh
TIhe es ne pratient in
t!·;airer I my d to cafi i nt on
sphere-nhe oon- t
t set should go oa
b.eSodi~ and that the o
in :his t~r eaI rtl
published tpoe smpo
: Itwould haeve been dan
unl byhisexres deir.- m
~)ie UU~nt sed awy tht ad
A eonsequences what they might-Prof.
8eaqils, the glory of English solence.
the dear triend of so many among his
confreare, undertook that last opera
tion whieh should crown, and, as it
were, sum utp all the labors of the
led human intellect, in all ages.
What mas that operation? I cannot
t tell precisely. Mr. Sequita has found'
very little to assist conjecture in the
re study at Epsom, and of his papers at
mn- Eatholin not the tiniest fragment re
r main. It would be quite consistent
let with the professor's other arrange
un- meats to destroy every hint of his pur
'ry pose before leaving home. For if the
ea operation succeeded,. he designed. 1
d, know, to make a public announcement
s instantly; but if it failed, hewould be
anxious to prevent others following the
in- same deadly course of experiment.
W Therefore, it is searcely to be hoped
ma- that detailed memoranda survive.
'* But although unable to give any ex
ur- act information, I can furnish some
of hints. Prof. Sequata chatted to me
eel a friend from boyhood, ignorant of
b technical science-more freely, per
No haps, than to his brother savants,
the upon the final purpose of his investi
gations. There is no harm. 1 think,
in -sketching the general idea which
to those conversations left on my mind.
Md. Everyone knows that the higher prop
Mr. erties of electricity were his special
m- study of late years. After inventing
ke all those wondrous applications of the
mm power which have made his name im
)- mortal and gained him such wealth,
She sought, in his own words, the First
in Cause. Of his conclusions upon that
e- matter, up to a very recent date, there
MI is no secret-they will be published
ch shortly. But this inquiry led him, by a
Ais parallel course, to speculate on the
he mechanics of electricity. That it is the
e only force of nature, as we say, the
by
th
ry
he
he
re
:. I VISITED THE SPOT.
professor had demonstrated long ago. 1
That it is life, not only the principle of I
a life, and that men possess intelligence
in proportion to the volume or the ac
es tivity of electric matter within them
er will be shovwn in the work forthcom
it ng. From these conditions it follows
that if electricity could be stored in 1
is the human body, every mental or phys
e ical capacity would be strengthened to
a degree only limited by the amount
which it could hold. "Visions of glory
crowd the aching sight," murmured my
poor friend many a time as in broken,
K thoughtful phrases he hinted rather c
I than spoke to me of the theme that ab
sorbed him. The feeblest mind would
soar to the heights of genius; genius
S would rise to the level of angels. Air
and water would be as familiar to man
as earth. No limits would bound his
forces or his enterprise. And he could
live unchanged for ever.
° But how to charge the body with this
elixir, and how to retain it? Such were d
the problems which held Prof. Sequita
L enthralled daily and nightly for ten
years past. He never confided the re
suit of his labors to me, and if any.
were dropped, I had not knowledge r°
e enough to grasp them. Gradually, r
e however. 1 came to perceive that his
a course was growing plainer. He g
thought at least that he had a clew. It b
must have been about that time Mr. cl
Scot received instructions to build a
little house in some unpeopled spot.
I am reluctant to name the idea that ,
formed itself in my mind, because it
may do the professor injustice; but w
your readers will understand that it is fr
entirely my own. I fancied then that
he had the project of reducing elec
tricity to a form which might be in- fa
haled, or by some such means taken d,
into the body. like gas-not, as at pres- j
ent, by a series of shocks which must
kill before any great quantity has been pl
absorbed. How it was to be retained, 61
I have no suspicion. Once, however, I
touched upon that point, and he an
swered laughingly: "If the genie
doesn't tear me to pieces, I will force it ye
into the bottle-and trust me to keep se
it therel" be
This was the operation, I make no th
doubt, which shocked the universe by in
its terrible result. Everyone has heard fo
how the merrymakers of Arbroath ou
were tossed headlong on a sudden in qi
heaps, how the farm buildings were fo
unroofed, and a tidal wave swept the b
coast. To speak of an "explosion" is os
singularly inacurate. All agree that, foi
no sound was heard, no wind felt, no pe
movement of the earth. Prof. Sequita tie
was torn to pieces by the genie he had
raised. Of his cottage, and .1l in it,
not a traee remains; but the soil be
neath is undisturbed, the foundation be
walls are shaved off, as it were, at the be
level of the ground. I have visited the an
spot-how sadly unlike the visit to the
which I had looked forward-anl in mu
truth superstitious persons might think eve
that some Divine vengeance had fallen foi
on it! Had Prof. 8equita's design sue- gru
oeeded, men would have neen as gods- of
boundless in their forces and capacities Ro
-Immortal. Is there a point at which
dread powers stand semed to arrest the
triumphal march of science? Did our I
lost triend, suspectinag only material sal
dangers, touch that point? Sometimes gil
I thinak sa. -
-In 18666the states of 1ilnots, In
diana,' lowa ad Kmanss lacked but
-*even of -he numibr of divorces of
FARM AND GARDEN.
1i"
. f A TERRIBLE BURDEN.
-it Poor Road Are the Hes75est Leads Warm
- era Have to Carry.
I There is considerable talk in a quiet
f way among farmers concerning the
ad roads and the question of bettering
he them. They are beginning to realize
at that the only time the roads are good
- Is in the summer when they are most
nt engaged with their farm work, or by a
'e- chance freeze up in winter. The times
i- when they need them the most they
he are the worst. In the city where peo
1 ple drive for pleasure the roads are al
ut ways good. The first and most liberal
be improvements are put upon the high
oe ways. An investment of this nature
t. not only serves for pleasure, but com
ed mercial profit. No business man would
allow for a moment a mud hole or rut
,h
d A SOFT ROAD AND A BARD PULL.
a Scene on roa between Rochester. Pairport
and Pittsford, N. Y., from photograph taken in
April, 189& An expenditure equal to one pe.r
Scent. of the sseassed valuation in Monroe coun
ty would build and maintain a system of arteri
at county roads, formlng hard smooth ways at
all times of the year, and connecting Rochester i
with all the prtnor pal villages and towns within
the county limits.
before his place of business-he could I
not afford to; how much less can a
farmer afford poor, rough roads? As a
matter of business he cannot afford
them as well as can a merchant. It is
a fact well established that roads over
which farmers carry their produce to ,
market return the largest interest upon
the cost of construction. A good road
saves from 3" to 3i to the farmer, and
oftentimes more, because there are
times that the roads cannot be used at
alL The habit that some of our path
masters have of plowing and dragging,' f
only ruins a road; with good drainage,
and no good road can be built or main- o
tained without drainage, the heavy .
scraper and heavy roller are best on
common dirt road. There is more to
. the farmer in good roads than there is h
i in politics.
MR. FUNNYMAN'S IDEA.
A Farmer Humorist Tells How to Have II
Good Roeads.
I can inform your readers of the very
best way that roads can be improved
and the only way tohavelasting roads.
Take the road tax from every farmer
who is willing or able to build up and
care for a limited length of road. Di- bi
vide the country roads up into small
chunks. Give a premium of a new hi
kind of pig or a new strain of cockerel
for the best improved chunk of road in
the care of any single farmer.
Get the ladies interested by offering
them prizes of sweetmeats or chocolate
drops, if they. will use their influence
with their husbands, father and sweet
hearts, to make and keep up their
quota of the road. Have kissing bees
which will interest the boys, they will
do any sort of work for a kiss. This
will start up a big excitement through
out the country.
Offer to give all the stone, gravel or
sand necessary to make a permanent of
road. When there is no stone there is th
plenty of gravel, and when there is no
gravel there is sand. Alix sand with
clay -mix gravel with clay-mix stone pi
broken as small as hen's eggs with ou
clay. Tax city people and farmers
who do not help to make the roads. th
Then when everything begins to th
work smoothly offer a reward for the
poorest worked piece of road. The re- th
ward may be a pair of mule's ears cut hi
from the head of a defunct mule, well
greased and dried. There is nothing
,like rewards offered to start the
farmer into good actions. 1 feel confi
dent if the above is put into practice hi
we will have the best roads that the a
world ever saw. And we will have
plenty of fun as well as good roads.
Stir 'em up. -Cor. Rural World. st
Fungus Spores in Seeds. pr,
Some fungous diseases of fruits and to
vegetables live over winter in the
seeds. This is especially true of the
bean anthracnose, and possibly also of
the watermelon rot. The fungus sporesa
in the seeds may be killed by soaking ne
for an hour in a solution of three
ounces of copper carbonate in one
qnuart of ammonia and diluted with
four and a half gallons of water. This
is somewhat similar to the treatment of cr
oats and wheat preparatory to sowmg er.
found so efficient at many of the ex-e
periment stations and in actual prac-m
tice on hundreds of farms is
Everybody Is Interested. ma
The farmers will be the prircipal t
beneficiaries from road reform, but the the
benefits will be extended to all Essses
and its effect upon business must be of
the greatest importance. The move
ment should command the support of sta
every citizen, and wherever a man is me
found with moss-covered ideas of p~ro-i
gression he should boe an especial object c
of consideration by hid" neighbors- ly.
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. ha
Cows uut ave salit. de
Don't let the cows get hungry orcan
salt They mint have it in order to me
give milk, for milk contains soda and d
salt (the common name for chloride of
sodium) is the material which furnishes r
the soda. But for the soda the casein not
of milk wold be absent Neutralize
the sods by putting in an acid andse the
how soon it turns to *~elbbe.r." Give a
cows daily access to salt. -th
in"?p.~
PL.ANTING PEAR TREES.
The =rads Whate Are esa Profltate ter
the Average E*rower.
Never plant pear trees on wet soil
Do not be afraid to manure them, for
you cannot produce large and luseioust
e pea on starved trees. Do not let them
run too near the sky, but prune beak
some every year. If this is done in
ie June and July it will Induce fruitful
od ness in trees that are tardy bearers.
t Of all the early kinds Tyson is my
Ss favorite. It is almost free fee from blight
ie and for beauty and delicate flavor it is
ey scarcely equaled. Seekel is also nearly
s blight proof and behaves well either as
a dwarf or standard. It bears well
rand4or sugary richness and high flavor
rh- Is equal to the best. Howell is another 1
re favorite and is a dependable bearer,
m- but the fruit is too soft for market.
ild Sheldon should not be forgotten, .it
ut is one of the best of the fall varieties.
Bartlett is too well known to be de
scribed and should be planted either I
for home or market use. Anjon is
about the best of the winter kinds, ex
cept it be Lawrence. All these are well
tested and of high qualities almost
every way. Those who want to make a
money regardless of giving offense to *
those who really know what good a
pears are should plant Kieffer. It will
pay in almost any market, and when i
cooked with sugar is quite good. Le t
Conte is almost tasteless, but in the r
south it pays for market.-Prof. L. H. I
Van Deman. a
NOTES ABOUT MILKING.
What to Do and What Not to Do-Prae.
tieal Suggestlons. e
It is a blessed sight easier to keep t
,rt the dirt and ill flavor out of the milk n
In than to take it out of the butter. a
Sr Any delay in setting the milk lessens u
. the quantity of cream obtained. To q
at secure the beat results in cream raising e
or let the milk be strained and put at rest tJ
1n at once it is drawn from the cow. To si
test this, strain one-half the cow's milk a
Id into a pan as soon as you get up from n
a the milk stool, and strain the other it
a half into another pan half an hour ca
later and note the difference in re
suits.
er The old-time method of covering the
o milk pail with a strainer cloth, laying
m a clean clam shell in the depression
Ld and milking in the clam shell, is not
id one which modern dairymen need to ,t
re laugh at. The practice is excellent.
It allows straining the milk instantly, ,
Sand does not permit the streams to n,
' force filth through the strainer, as their t1
C, force is expended upon the hard and i
n- odorless clam shell, or other like sub- at
7 stance.
*n In milking a cow with sore teats al- of
ways wet them first, also place the
hand so t he sore will come in the palm ty
of the hand. in
Do not expect to pound milk out of at
a cow with the stool, and halloing ni
re is no better than pounding.-Farm
Journal. tl
d TEMPORARY MENDING. th
at
How to Repair a Break in Greenlahoe or co
Elsewhere. ta
d I find two large metal buttons and a tu
bit of copper wire an efficient means of an
temporarily mending a break in green- oc
house or elsewhere, provided that none co
e e
e os
Squ
fom
MENDING BREAKS IN ORRIENHOUSE. ti
Na
r of the pieces has fallen out. Where tul
tthe two or more cracks meet, remove vit
the pointed piece and carefully break He
of a small bit of the point, replace the a
piece, lay one button face down on the mc
outside with the ends of the wire down is 1
through opposite holes, and both ends
through the opening in the glass; put ffa
the other button on the wire face up;
twist the wire until the buttons press
the glass firmly, and the pieces will be F
held securely.--Elder's Wife, in Amer.
ican Gardening. 1
The Poultry Business.
The raising of poultry on the farmsd
of the country is not as general as it th
should be, nor is the subject ever given
a thought, as a rule, when figuring on
the most profitable or productive crops B
to cultivate. It is no secret that the
staple products furnish the smallest
profits for the investment of money, o.r
time and labor involved. The raising lrc
of turkeys, chickens, geese and ducks s
brings more money to the farmer or leg
farmer's wife on the investment, than m
anything else that can be named. af
Rarely a failure except through gros a u
neglect, they are always marketable at
a profit either alive or dressed; apart lat
from them the eggs alone bring in quate
a revenue. The favorable conditions d
essential to success in raising other mu
crops are not demanded, and no good fe
excuse can be offered for not raising tio
more or less in every state in the union.
They are needed on every table so there
is always a local as well as outside de
mand for poultry and eggs, and hence tr
the elements of risk do not figure to flt1
the extent vlsi ble in other enterprisea Thu
Growth of Raspherries. a
The Prairie Farmer gives in sub di
stance the following directions in the had
management and growth of raspber law
ries: Raspberries grow from young ,w
canes that spring up in gardens annual- Iati
ly. The old ones die out when they a,
have furnished their cropl All the
pruning then required is to outout the
dead or old wood and shorten the young P
canes. Th i s often done in the sem win
mer, and the canes shortened until they ool
are about thrde or four feet high.
When grown as a bush no stakes are wa
required, though in this form they can- r
not well" be piotected, if of a tender
kind, by laying down. Whaen grown -
the old-fashioned way, the tederkinds of
are laid down, covered with solil, and birt
thus secured from fros. the. pree&d- Ingl
lug ives in few words- Wh' is often Gel
t u 'i'
THE BUTTER INDUSTRY.
le istoer of one Oe the taple , Oommeditles
of Modera Commeree.
IL Mention is several times made of the
or word butter in the English translation
tms of the Old Testament, but most schol
!m ars understand the Hebrew word for
ok butter to refer to some liquid prepara.
In tion of milk or cream. The oldest dis.
1l- tinet allusion to butter is by the Greek
ra historian, Herodotus, with an occa
ny sional reference by other contempo
ht raneous writers who lived about five
is hundred years before Christ. The
ly Thracians and the Greeks were the
as earliest nations to adopt it as food, for
all it served as an ointment before it came
or to be eaten. It subsequently came into
er use among European nations.
Mr. It is related by Plutarch that while
it. a Spartan lady was visiting the wife of
it a distinguished nobleman of an adja
i cent principality, the former smelled
le- so strongly of sweet ointment, and the
er latter so strongly of butter, that a 1
is mutual repulsion was the consequence,
_- which finally ended in war.
ill A distinguished Grecian physician,
at who lived about the time of Christ t
ke mentions that butter was made by <
to agitating the fattest milk, as that of e
3d sheep. i
Ill Another writer treats of the com
n parative qualities of that made from I
Le the different animals, but none make t
he mention of its being used even at this f
g. period, except by the Thracians and I
ancient Germans. I
It was between the third and fourth i
centuries that butter came into gen.
e. eral use. It is supposed that the gen
eral custom of eating of butter was in- c
ip troduced into northern Italy by the I
Lk merchantmen of Genoa and Venice, a
and from these cities the custom grad- t
as ually spread over Europe as the good ii
'o qualities of it became known. Ameri- L
ig cans are a nation of buttereaters, and, 7
it though immense quantities are con- u
'o sumed at home, many thousand pounds c
k are exported every year, and the busi- a
m ness is steadily growing, and the qual- 1
er ity becomes better.-Baltimore Ameri- t
ar can. t
WITHOUT WATER.
The lVtimate oenditoun of Our Earth as
Deduced From Ansalgy. 0
n A volume might be written on the
It vast and awful desolatioq of the lunar a
surface; but unquestionably this tre- re
mendous metamorphosis wvas wrought n
when the oceans, whose dry beds we p
0 now designate as mares, retreated to p
r the interior and literally rent the v
planet with explosions of natural gas b
" and steam. a
If we calculate the coolest crust of p
our earth at fifty miles in thickness. li
e and this is perhaps allowing for more o:
n than there really is, then the molten n
interior at an approximate estimate si
f still has a diameter of seven thousand i
E nine hundred miles. We can imagine ti
" what an effect this would have on g
the earth's contour, or rather on de
the character of its periphery, if p
any of the oceans should in a sa
e colossal way come in direct con- sa
tact with this internal fire. We can of
a turn our large telescopes to the moon at
f and see, on a smaller scale, what has m
- occurred, and which, if we may deduce is
s conclusions from analogy, will be the ct
ultimate fate of the earth.
Yet, without the water there could
not be a single form of life, for in both
vegetable and animal formations this i,
is the all-important vehicle in produc
tion and development. Beyond. any
question it is to the water that all life in
forms must primarily refer their ori- gm
gin, and there is not a single known w:
form that can maintain life without it. re
The principle of life can not be opera- to
tive except it be in organic moisture. or
Neither brain, nerves nor capillary ha
tubes are capable of manifesting the ty
vital principle in a dry condition. a
Hence a waterless world is necessarily du
a dead world. It is the water that in
molds the sphere, gives it its contour, to
is the animating vehicle, sustains its fin
life, and also rends it in the throes of co
dlssolution.-Pittsburgh Dispatch. TI
HEALTH IN LONDON. d
Flectuations of the Death Rate in the he
Elghteenth Century. Oea
From 1700 to 1750 the death rate in cAil
London was so high that the popula- na
tion stagnated. In the former year the ro'
inhabitants numbered ¢65.200. and in it
the latter year 658,900. During this sh'
period the deaths were in the ratio of edj
about one per thirty persons living. bri
By 1801 the population had crept up to irr
777,000, and the deaths had fallen to pie
one in forty-one persons living. This a f
great improvement in the state of pub- bol
lie health in London was not, except to 'I
a trifling extent, the result of sanitary Ja
legislation. People were becoming use
more enlightened on many matters pri
affecting their health, partly owing to cor
a more general knowledge of chemis- inii
try, physiology, and other sciences re- wh
lating to man and his surroundings. no
WVhen those intrusted with the con- of I
duct of public affairs became aware how nes
muceh the health of the people was atB
fected by bad water, by foul emana- son
tions, and even cesspools, and by too erm
great a density of population, they be- red
gan to secure supplies of pure water, lo
to construct proper house drains and cas
street sewers, to remove systematically thu
filth from houses. and to widen streets. F
The promulgation of the natural laws the
of health preceded the enactment of chi
laws of health by the state. Jenner's bra
discovery of propeylaxis in smallpox the
had for its corollary the vaccination ine
laws. The chemicasl analysis of water roa
was the basis of acts of parliament re- in d
lating to water and rivers.-Charles oft
,ameron, at Sanitary Congress. hen
Cleramg RHlmmll. ha
Wife--John, you never stand at the was
window and kiss me when anyone is qua
looking. na
Husband-Of course not I don't nd
want people to tak~ my darling wife abe
Tor a hired girL-TrTth. Wk
-It is eomputed that the death rate
of the world is T a minuPte, and theom
birth rate 70 a minute, and thia seea bo
Ingly light percntate of galut hi ;sat Ina
ficlent to give a net ibrease .s.p- Ia a
upult.~1~T~ i·S
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.I
--Cookies: Three eggs. two cups eof
e ugar, one cup of sour cream, two
he thirds butter, one teaspoon soda, Savor
, to taste. This makes from seventy-five
)1' to one hundred good-sized cookies.
r Ohio Farmer.
a' -Chocolate Walnuts: Dip halves of
English walnuts in melted chocolate,
'i let them harden, and then dip again.
"a Chocolate creams can have half of a
o walnut dropped on the chocolate as
re soon as dipped so the walnut willshow.
e . Filberts and pecan nuts can be dipped
e in the chocolate twice, and are very
• nice.-Good Housekeeping.'
--Indian Pudding: Let a quart of
milk come to a boiL Stir in meal slow
le ly until you have a batter a little
of thicker than gruel. When smooth take
it off the stove and stir in salt and mo
d lasses to taste. Let cool and add two
eggs well beaten. Pour over it one
a pint of cold milk and bake until brown,
which will take nearly one hour.
*' Farm, Field and Fireside.
- -Pickled Sweet Apples: For pickling,
t they may be pared, quartered and
,y cored, as for canning, or pared and the
>f core removed with a slim, sharp knife,
leaving the apple in its original shape,
,. minus the core, or they may be cut in
I halves and the core taken out. Cook
e until soft in liquor made the same as
is for pickling pears. In short, in any
d place where pears are used, sweet ap.
ples make a good substitute, and they '
b are healthful as well as appetizing.- E
. Country Gentleman.
- -How to Pop Corn: Place a quart
of common salt in a large iron pot, and
e heat until thoroughly dried out. Place C
a teacupful of the shelled pop corn into S
L- the hot salt, stir constantly, and when s
I It begins to pop, keep it moving with a
large iron spoon until it ceases to pop.
Then dip the corn off with a ladle and
use the same salt again. Indeed it
s can be used several times, putting it a
away where it will keep dry each time. t
The philosophy of this method is that t
the hot, dry salt absorbs all the mois- t
ture in the corn, thus enabling it to a
pop out clear and brittle. This is much d
better than when a popper is used as
so much more corn can be popped at 0
one time. -Orange Judd Farmer. h
. -Boiled Salads: Perhaps it never
occurred to some housekeepers that the d
remains of an old-fashioned boiled din- 1h
6 ner could be converted into a very ti
pretty and delicious salad. Equal n
parts or any proportions of different
vegetables included in the dinner can s'
be used. By arranging them in layers
on a flat dish they may be made very
pleasing to the eye as well. Make a o
little mound of dice potatoes, then one e
of red boiled beets, then one of turnips,
I next carrots, then cauliflowers, then ce
string beans, and in the center a little k
mound of the cold meat. Parsley and It
turnip tops (the young sprouts which Yi
grow in the winter) may be used for al
decoration. The best dressing is the at
plain French dressing; three table- e2
spoonfuls of oil, one of vinegar, and d'
salt and pepper. Melted butter, cream al
or sweet bacon drippings can be sub- ti
stituted for the oil, but should not be of
mingled and poured over until the salad fr
is about to be eaten.-American Agri- N
culturist.
FASHIONS IN "KERCHIEFS.
Lace or Silk OGaue for Evenlng Use, Chins
Silk for OrdlBary Times. b
The handkerchiefs in vogue for even
ing use are dainty bits of lace or silk
gauze, those of real point or duchesse to
with center of finest linen lawn still he
remaining the favorites for a bride, or in
to put the finishing touch to an elab
orate toilet, especially when the latter M
has a garniture of similar lace. A pret- be
ty one can be found for one dollar and sh
a quarter, with a narrow border of Y.
duchesse lace, and a similar piece let
in at the four corners; while for ye
twenty-five dollars an exquisitely ca
fine specimen, almost entirely is.
composed of point, can be procured. is,
The handkerchief of silk gaze is usually ell
pure white or of a creamy hue, but the
delicate tints of pink, yellow, ecru and me
heliotrope are favored. The edge is ev,
embroidered in white or colored floss- of
silks, and one variety displayed has a He
narrow hem-stitched border with a -]
row of the silk embroidery just above
it. A Parisian novelty in silk gauz 1i
shows a square of pale yellow with an to
edging of black lace set on, the lace ..r
broadening or narrowing to meet the ru:
irregular outline of the gauze center- tin
piece. Another imported sample is of
a faint shade of pink crepe with wide
border of colored embroidery. we
The fancy white or tinted China and we
Japanese handkerchief for ordinary of
use can be purchased for almost anyas
price from nineteen cents upwards, and pe
comes with the plain stitch, an added To
initial, or with embroidered finish of -
white or colored silks. However, it is bo
not so much liked as a similar article
of linen, and it is sure to lose its white- il
ness or original tint when laundered. sai
The shops are constantly offering pr
some special lot of this both useful and e
ornamental part of the wardrobe at a
reduction in price, and if one is on the
lookout for opportunities the purchase 5O
can be effected at much lower rates res
than ordinarily. sto
For general use or dressy occasions lad
the fine linen or linen-lawn handker- Th
chief with dainty border of lace or em- the
broidery is preferable. One seen on ag.
the counter of a Broadway shop was of vie
linen lawn as fine as gossamer; its nar- so
row hemstitched border was decorated Ho
in delicate hand embroidery, and a vine N
of the same encircled it just above the roy
hem; this article waq marked seven use
dollars and a half, and was noticably -
chaste and refined in effect. A second on
was composed of linen most choice in His
qnuality, and its embellishment was of kna
narrow Valenciennes, both the edging "Ti
and a bad of insertion which was let in my
above the border being of this lae, to
White is always recommended as in the
tood taste, biut the deliate tints are lar
permissible when desired to mateh "A1
ome particula shade of dreas or rb- i
bona. Upon the 'white baudkseoblhse
narrow finish ofoesuloceaambrderay
is a present lesefin e
-a amodest
PERSONAL AND LITE$ Y:l 1
oi -"A uthors are always ooli;
ro-' strive to secure popularity," wrii -
for gar Faweett. "It is like thewii" w !'-
ve bloweth. The great secret of -cos
ment on the part of a writer -tto ;
sure himself that he has got out of is
of pen the best work it can perforu "
-e, -Besides her recent volume of. ho.r
[ni stories Miss Olive Schreiner has wL r .
a ten a longer work, the title of whei
as probably will be "From Man to Man."
w. It is described as a study in..the o -
ed parative ethics of men's treatment, :.';
ry men and their treatment of women. -'t
-John D. Rockefeller, the Sts  -
of oil millionaire, got along in bnaii ;.
very well as plain John Rockef~-isr ~
tle until he began to get rich. Theu lie
ire appropriated the letter D as a middle
o. initial. Nobody knows what this let
7o ter D stands for, and nobody ever will
se -Thorny Lafore, a negro, whose will
n, was recently probated in New Orleans,
leaves an estate worth nearly, if not
quite, 8500,000, and as only heir a bed
ridden sister. He devised enough to
id her to keep her comfortable and left
1e the rest to individuals and charitable
institutions.
e, -Francis Parkman, the historian,
in left an estate valued at $195,950. This -
,k did not include a summer estate at
as Newcastle, N. H., copyrights and stee- -
ky otype plates and contracts, these behing
p of uncertain value. The real estate .ise
,y valued at $55,000 and the personal prop.
erty at $140,850.
--In 1885 the Austrian press censor
rt refused to sanction the publication. of
Id two books one of which was "'Pri
;e ciples of Trigonometry," which, he
said, discussed the Trinity, a forbidden
n subject. The other was a scientifie
a treatise on the destruction oft insects.
Swhich he imagined made a concealed
d attack on the church.
it -Father Kenelm Vaughan, of En
it gland, a Catholic priest who spent
. three years in a missionary journey
Lt through South America, from Panama
s. to Patagonia, addressed the students
o of Johns Hopkins university the other
h day on the subject of his adventures.
The journey was made on muleback,
on the backs of Indians, in canoes, in
hammocks and on foot.
r -Princess Helen of Orleans isgal- - g
den haired, blue eyed, tall and very
lovely. She is a magnificent eques
5 trienne, and is a familiar figure on
1 many an English hunting field with -
it her favorite horse Chocolate. She .
a swims, and shoots with unerring aim,
and is most skillful with the sculls and
foils-all this without sacrificing any
of her dainty femininity or Parisian
e elegance.
, -WVilliam Lane Booker, the British
n consul-general, who has just been -
e knighted, remains thoroughly British .
in outward aspect after nearly forty
I years' residence in this country. He is
r above the medium height, neither
stout or spare, ruddy, grizzled, ble-e
eyed and slightly bent at the shpui
s ders. He walks rapidly, and pays little
u attention to persons and things upon
the street. It used to be said that one
a of his duties was to receive the rents
i from Queen Victoria's real estate in
New York.
HUMOROUS.
-"How many foreign languages can
your wife speak?" "Three-French.
German and the one she talks to the
baby. "-Tit-Bits.
-"Are you certain that Hale is going
to marry Miss Frost, of Boston?" "Yes;
he's having steam heat and stoves both
in his new house."-Inter-Ocean.
-"There's a peculiar thing about
Mrs. Frett." "What is it?" '"She has
been in a pickle all her life, and yet
she doesn't look well preserved."-N.
Y. Press.
-Benedict-"Why won't she marry
you? Is there another man in the
case?" Singleton-"I'm afraid, there
is." "That so? Do you know who it
is?" "Yes- her father."-Boston Trav
eller.
-She-"Do you really and truly love
me, Harry?" He-"Love you?, Why I
even have a fondness for that nuisance
of a brother of yours." She-"Oh,
Harry! You have made me so happy!"
-Boston Transcript.
-"Do you think," said Willie Wish
ington, "that it actually hurts a man
to be hit with one of Cupid's arrows?"
"No," replied Belle Pepperton; "as a
rule he merely becomes senseless for a
time. "-Washington Star. ,
-The Emperor Francis I. of Austria.
was once present while two of his sons '
were quarreling violently. Atlast one
of them said; "You are the greatest.
ass in Vienna." "Hushl" said the em
peror, "you forget that I am here,"
To-Day.
-Fogg--"Ther's an example of the'
bottle working a man's ruin." Fygg'
"Humph! Whisky?" gt--,"N6d
ink. Jury awarded the girl fiftyiC
sand dollars damages in . rhaei
promise suit on the strength of ~tlie @
ters he wrote, and it took every
he had to pay it."-BuffPaloi Ctre -
-Irish viceroys are strippeld o'
sovereign attributes as ao  ad
reach English waters. The
story is told of Lord Hough
lady with whom he was a
They both found themselvedirs
the Holyhead packet. Durin ip.
age from Ireland the lady
viceroy with ceremonies spt.
soon, however, as the pa4et e
Holyhead harbor shq t a
"Now, Bobby, yon are no
roy, so take my bag .inn irtsk
useful."-London Trruth.b
-The earl of Derby, whi
on his own land, once sat
His lordship inquird 'ied "
knew he was walkiia' o s
"Thy land? Well, l~ua *ot
mysel'," was thergp3~',
to walk on smebod's
tha' get it fro'?""Oh-
lordship, " got
"&n' wieer adl