; e : a.
lthe
N .:: a saibt
- x e te e y e.mea.
CUREC
Vi'`.-..'th?,A , _ t d M·,
- iii
o tth. O
thi
drj
- G- vol
i taken oebd's'- parilla ava E1
ath stZamsalsfid it Isan ezuleatwreuedy.
-". oeos x r have ba Ub iar .i, asooot o
`dyS- but teatp ellm rightetato lei
e1Qw toahouler, so sever:efeared no
tiHiold-Lose the Us. of It.` cm
S_ Stm better soon after I began with Hood's an
S ,,a. olaw and when I had tlkes four bottles
:." ' ehmatis entirely leis me, oIawsI eeaa co
w a nissterofthe M. E. church 4 0eera, and lme
hers of sedentary habits hare sered S
thi
rta
-;i peti food digested w to, ue ,
te ýS . ,in ` I vote for Hood's."a
R ins aR, ioh for. Vt.
- aod'sngPills are the r besters. ter-dinner P
;1s PfLls.aeaet·4igestion. cure headache: 250 im
i. L.LYONS & O.1 Proprietors, t
di
S" ugust
Flower"
w
that if it had not been Vfor August
rc
ow I should have died bore
s guarand sufferteed to one butre
SdyspEveyptic c an. I employed
NO" DUUCiOINS-DOSE': ONETBLE POOALW IW. 01
Lx *m I, Feth, ga8 it
Dusa Smsa:-I do not __nt to be hout a
lof or best doctors Colic and otevCured a
ong s efit. Theyown an l sutoldbj met to t bo b
named disese. Amy, and liver oublner and
breeder ofythorses, cows ate dstogs. I me sod
the Specific in a good number of eases, and is C
vert instnc, ouha d it fully as good uas orit
er cred me. There is no incr demeand or it f
here mong the farmers. Yours.o
1L.LYONS & CO., Proprietorse
Wsw. O SAlesias. v . 51
Flower" p
" I am ready to testify under oath in
m m zm oa. o -
.ftO$~esrA.L ~
I lr Cia
euiwjA
-will-arry off lttheater, nd tmthe r
otofh the soad dry. Then select s
dec
wil
apt
see
Sai
ely
ad,
meltig snow in ont 188. A few years ago
this" rad was sm mdd* s to be for weeks at Cad
a time almost b. From photograh. a
the clay from the sub-soil for the road; go
this clay should be fee from organic
matter, as far as possible, should be h
dry and compact, ground fine andn
should be put on in thin layers and i
rolled-as hard as possible; in this re, in
spect our common road rollers are de
tective in their operation; while they so
level ano ompress the surface, they do So
not allow the air and moisture to es- th
cape; they fail to packl the dirt firmly he
and to make the road solid and hard.
This can only be done with a roller,
constructed on the a principle of the
tempering wheel used in the old time
brick yards, which roller should be 4
made with narrow steel tires with
spaces between. A heavy roller con
structed on this- plan would render the
road hard and smooth. Nlotice how
the bottoms of ponds are made water
tight by the trampling of hogs and cat
tie. and other animals having split e
hoofs. This could not be done by the in
feet of horses and .pules" ,.."''"
cempress the surface and b,
leave the clay undisturbed a few inches n
leow, as does onur common ad ad roller. t
The road must be kneaded, ground and ho
packed from the bottom upward in no
layers so thin that the roller pene- is
trates to the bottom of each, expelling
all the air and moisture. To keep the if
surface of the road dry and hard, it T
should have crown enough to make ai
the transverse grade tgreater than the
longitudinal grade which would run tl
the most of the water to the side a
ditches. If the water be permitted to
run down the road constantly increas- P
ing in volume and velocity, it will
wash away the best of roadcs. e
Where the road is vmry steep, trans- a
verse ridges would assist in turning p
the water to the sides. Keeping the e
roads .i repair should be the duty otf d
competent .men, who should devote p
their whole tim tto it. Roads can only h
be made in warm weather and after i'
every rain this kneading roller lhould
be applied to harden and pack them;
the summer wind and sun woud swu evap- It
orate all the organic matter and
moisture, and the road would not heave
its the spring when the frost leaves the c
s ground; notice the suil in a hard, dry
bank where air and moisture do not
t penetrate, no heaving there. 1 am iny
cined to the belief that roads should h
Sfollow the natural lay of the country,
rather ths n direct lines which neces
sitate deep cuts. I write this not as a
matured plan, but only a a suggestion,
and to call out the opinions and the re
Ssult of the observations of others.
John C. Bender, in Rural World. i
DWARF FRUIT TREES. t
When Properly Grafted They Be ry aolt i
in Three Years.
As a rule those looking towards a
permanent orchard do not care to
plant dwarf trees whether pear or ap
ple, becanse such trees, are less perma
nent than standard th Some ar led toe
t lant them by the btaking name dwarf,
which leads them to think there
is less room required for t, hem. There
ois in one way, but not in ald, other.
all the ground that their limbs over
-spread, while te standard, being
d trimmed up several feet, permits the
-* use of the soil under it. The chief
a [ in in dwarfs is in the getting of the
W fruit early. In the case of the apple,
. for instance, on a standard tree there
A is disappointment i fruit be looked for
punder eight or ten years. On the other
e hand ai dwarf, when grafted on the
tParadise stock, will bearn in itwo or
thre ars. This gives one a chance
to et some fruit, whe th ile waiting for
othe standardsi to come iin. This stode
dwarfs apples so much that they can
iwouled t ey n to be far enough aplrt,
foer them for many years. Otorers are
or exceedingly troublesome to dwarf
Saes, and agoo d t loolwng after must be
given them twice a year.-Practican
t Farmer.
usualy, do not want to insell good tcowl
Raise your own eowe ,
Toe large farmer may perhaps be ex
ohsed for not main taining agooddat.
The smaell farmer nnot e thus ex
aBoos buatter is herampant in our marp
. kets. What are the dairy meetings do
Sig to prevent this unholy competition
with honest butter?
SWea see it stated that scalding hot
d water is the best to cleanse dairy uten
ails It is not true. Wash them with
cold water, and then apply hot water.
• Teta cow that is constantly confined
Swill sgiaer in health. Nio doutbt of ith.
_She may give a little more milk, but
She wiU not gievmilk as long as if she
budnsorme exercise.
vdan batter maker who makes the
hoet butter incureases whe consumption
of ~lter, and that makes better prices.
e wa-y bto .inaugrate fa reform is to
+ with eart elves. -- e _armers
x'te- T, i eto tht St Yll
"]"e .-..H,11 ered- sd pro
~iaY F
SIn the b apti , slet in the woodse
a rich, ~Oyot of with bgrond, and arn
ifoued bro~iuhela Mit. this soil and 1
ashes and spread it in an even layer 1
six inches deep over the bed. This soil'
should be loose and loaty, and full of
detayped vegetable matter, so that it
wilnot bake or become solid. It will
also hea more uvenly, all not be.hrough.
apt t get too otvere It is mch less la
bor to burn the soele and kill the woed
seeds than to-pall the weeds afterwagood-,
andsh treatd in this way the bed will
always be clean. This is especially
advix inchsable i the bed s to be ssoon with
onlon seeds, and the seedlind full to be
tra not bplante become solid. It will
I so heat quitmore a lauicky, bed with onon
eeds ast season. Abot is much waless
drilled in, and the rst was sown brad
east," or evenly, all over tS*e bed and
lightly covered with elean soil. I find
thatby sowithan topull the seed broadcast .
an grow many mthis way plantsone bed will
same space, and that tey will be as with
goodn or better, than swn in rows. be
They are usually straighter, more ben
stocky and better rooted. One can
sow almost just the rigbed wiamont of ter
seed and not have it too thialck, as, ly
ing on the surface, it s plainly visible.broad
lightly can see no dvntah cle whatever in
that by sowing any kind of seed in drills i the
soil has been freed from weed-seeds ion the sk
the manner described. Ilt the seed, for
however, is to be sown on soilfoulws. A
coll
with weed-seeds, bually straighter, more ben
inow almost justhat the soi can be mount of teri
iass Itth eo last. -. T P -. • hotbed; iI
seed and not have thought too expensivethick, as, lythe '
ing on the surface, it is plainly ver isibl ver.
sowin muslany kin; deavy musleed in drills ifshades the or c
the manner described. If s,*the bseed will Cfor
lou
for
coal
eive a thorouh waterin. ot less el
with weed-half a gedallon by all means owpplied in
Glass ine spray, should be used hotbed;y
Sbut if it is thought too expesive, the ood
next best and. cheapest cover is very dAe
thin muslin; heavy muslink shades the allcked
bed too much. Of course,.the bed will Cal
i need fur~ther protection from frost and koie
heavy rainst it n th inside. Thiscon
wil makotbeds dry ot qbedickly, especially and
prevent if tite covering is raised or taken opidy.
t The soil should be kept quite moist,everal
and when it becomes dry should re-are tratr
e ceive a thorough watering. Not lesb auc
a than half a gallon of wnter. applied in pre
e a ine spray, should be used to evety to
a square toot of surface. It is a good See
h plan to bank the frame on the outside Ad
Swithlean earthd and keep the soil packedi
solid against it on the inside. Thise
will make the bed snug and tight, and cot
g prevent it from drying out too rapidly. ma
e Thecoer should be taken off several dil
Scldays before the seedings are trblinds.
a planted in open ground, in order sighto
y harden them ey-E. As to thed influmence Th
r icanrbiardening. fir
d fro hi frightful obj et, the
blind hABOLISH BLINDERS.
. geIntellent way thaen Cobenefial. ITh le
horse passe strome object not fully. un
e The best handlers of horses of all thi
1e classes are condemning the blinds only increases
.y Anythirg applied to obstruct the sight soc
t injuresarthe eydoes. As to the influence
1. of curbing or controlling the horse by I
td hiding fro him frightful object theupon
blind has proven more disastrous in a
causgenerl way thaen benerecial. Ifnuies
a horse passes some object not fully un
by being kickderstood by him, and casing i-ht,
- the suttinppr off from view of this
blindfscarecrow by the blinds only increases
the fear-she doesn't know how soo
this frightful object may pounce upon i
him. This capprndition of fear has
caused many a person severe injuries
by being kicked by the frightened ani
mal approached from behind his
to scareblindfold. Themoment you laycars, coverehand
wagon the horse he nearly jumps out o
- his hide, while if he could see thaem.t it
of twasonly the approach ofaeverydman he'dcts on
Sbhe perfectly reconciled. Any horse of
re ordinary sensse can soon be tanght not
need be, to scare at ags, cars, covered
r Thagons umbrellas, etc.. by letting e
him Stone, gravel and nbroad tires are al
o The secprovid educa the road bhorse properly a
safe driver is not to keep him ignorantemedy
of the characWater stofndig in ditches and pobjects onds
Salong the road. Give full powdestroy all himost
Sany road, andhi stone herd gravsmell, dumpedi
he ioodwater and mudhole on the roadb e properly
oris only good material wnot remedie. A dry
c bad roads.bottom her is only makes good foundy
tior for bagood mterial. According toper
ck drwould keep the water courses rightame.
Another wrstanding in ditches and ponds
ch salong the roads iin eah county at
rt le any road, and stone and gravel dumpedaking
bergood road." Yes, but why is he notd
ex. found? Pathmasters may,s s a rule,
ry. know how to plow, but not one in a
Bx- hundred knows how to make a good
road.
ar esieeitt or Good Roads.
d One of the best arguments for good
ion roads.is contained in a calculation re
3ently published in one of the engin
hot aeringpapers. It states that on the
en- worst earth roads, not muddy, but
ith sandy, a horse can draw only twice as
r. much as he can carry on his back; on
aed a fair earth- road, three and a balf
It. time as mueh; on a good macadsminsed
but road, nine times as much; on a smooth
she plank road, twenty-five times as much;
an a stone trackway, thirty-three
the tiaes a'a much, and on metal rails,
ion ifty-four times as much. The men
eas. who use the country roads can there
a t fore make money by improving the
er' roads rather than by buying new
horses every year or two.
Ry ast. avoiding' t ci c 4¶ppo tQn. prodiicel
in the flour by yeast or oter bain powdet;
geptic, palatable and most healthful; may be
Seaten warm and fresh without dscoiot which
is not true of bread made-in any other way.
Cani be made only with Royal Baki~ Powder.
Receipt for Making One Lodaf.
ONE quart flour, z teaspoonful more or less according to the brand
. salt, half a teaspoonful sugar, and .quality of the oalr used. Do
aheapingteaspoonfulsRbyal Baking pot mak.a stiff dough, like yeast
Powder half meclium-sized cold . bread.- Pour the batter into a
boiled potato, and water. Sift to. greased pan, 4,xS inches, and 4
gether thoroughly flour, salt, sugar, inches deep, OlDin; about half fulL
and baking powder ; rub in the The loaf will rise to fll .the pan
potato; add suficient water to mix when bakpd. Bake In very - hot
ansoothly and rapidly into a. stiff oven 45 sninutes, placing paper
batter, about as soft as for pound- over first'zs minutes baking, to pre
cake; about a pint of water to a vent icrrusting too soon on top. Bake
quart of flour will be required- at once. Do'l mixt s i asilds
Breadmakers using this receipt who will write us the result of
their experience will receive, free. the most practical cook book
published, containing .ooo receipts for411 kinds of cooking. Ad
dress Royal Baking Powder Co., zo6 Wall Street, New York.
PRETTY FASHIONS.
Ten small boy will be seen to best ad- pe
vantage during the coming summer in c
the Fauntleroy suit. ct
A PERn ECLY plain skirt of heavy silk, la
bengaline. or velvet may be made up t
with a front of sonme contrasting ma- t
terial, or with the front of the same cov- ef
ered withlembroidery or passementerie.
SMAL.x girls wear party dresses, with
slips of silk covered with crepe de chine gr
or chiifon. Plaitings of lace around the
skirt, over the shoulder and as a finish To
for the sleeves, are a favorite trimming. be
Vnany pretty and cheap low turn-over co
collars can be made of the half of one of
those colored-bordered handkerchiefs, lat
which can be bought at a ridiculously uf
low price since they went out of fashion on
for their original use.
Now a.rD then you hear of a charitable
coal dealer, but he as not likely to go very
much out of his weigh to be so.-Texas
Biftings. el_
Tanas is one thing about a i'-. s~T i u ii
seldom falls,,rb·r. n--rG s the occupants A
-~.t ii; does. That is the reut.-N. Y. at
World.
S eoo Reward, s10io.
The readers of this paper will be pleased et
to learn that there is at least one dreaded
disease that science has been able to cure in
all its stages and that is Catarrh. Hall's ki
Catarrh Cure is the only positive cure now W
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
being a constitutional disease, requires a
constuattional treatment. 11all's Catarrh d
Cure is taken internally, acting directly
upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the
* system, thereby destroying the foundation U'
of the disease, and giving the patient P
"strength by building up the constitution
and assisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its cura
tive powers, that they offer One Hundred
" Dollars for any case that it fails to cure.
I Send for list of Testimonials.
Address, F. J. CRENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
I g~Sold by Druggists, 75c.
"An !" sighed Miss Figg, "If happiness
could be insured to usl "Iine is," re
marked Mudge, "in your company."-In
dianapolia Journal.
Arraarrow is called to the Improved Tie
tor Incubator advertised in another column.
The manufacturers (an old established
firm) guarantee this incubator to be simple, I
easy of operation, durable, and that the heat t
regulator used will keep the temperature
in egg chamber at incubation heat regard
less of variations in the outside tempera
Lure. The price of this hatcher is far lower
1 than that of any other first class incubator,
and it will pay customers to send 4 cents in
stamps to Geo. Ertel & Co., Quincy, Ill., for
I a copy of their finely illustrated catalogue.
SFeaw men who go into maple sugar man
* ufacturing make an unadulterated success
of :t.-Troy Press.
SNO QUARTER
will do you as much
good as the one that
auys Doctor Pierce's
is what you get with
n them : An absolute
and permanent caur
Sfor Constipation, In
digestion, Bilious
" Attacks, Sick and
Bilious Headaches,
d and all derangements
t of the liver, stomach,
t and bowels, Ntot
d just temporary relief, and then a worse
if condition afterward but help that lasts.
At Pleasant help, too. These sugar
1- coated little pellets are the smallest, the
g easiest to take, and the easiest in the
z. way they act. No griping, no violence,
a no disturbance to the system, diet, or
it occupation.
u They comeIn sealed vials, which keeps
s them always fresh and reliable; a con
i venient and perfect vest-pocket remedy.
re They're the cheapest pills you can buy.
We offer you a ready
b i -made medicine for
Coughs, Bronchitis, and
other diseases ot the Throat and Lungs.
Like other so called Patent Medicines, it
is well advertised, and having merit it
has attained a wide sale under the name
of Piso'sCure for Consumption.
It is now a "Nostrum," though at frst it was eomfounded attr sr
x"esoription by a regular physi cn, ith no idea that ir woald ever o
Ca the market as a LMropretary medalone. But after compoundin tat
reoroion over ths mes in one year, we .am ed it "E'
re ito Consumption," and bean advertising it in a smazl was. A
medicine known all over the world is the result.
Why is it not just as good us though costing fifty eents to a dollar
fora rescription and an equal sum to have it put up at a drug store?
FARM_.EEDS
,'. ,,A E EN ... "A.DEN W , S u Peels a Eery e a.
SlO m5i Those eendiug u order for ee Leet gw White Et WPiet9
cets,  aed. ecoatsof ther ..-'.G .d. 1 SL will be eUie to -
ame for WRITE KS lATIL,- f!or Awae& we o0fe a Oa. Psokle
otallOM . w watmuseand, y i t, eaosJ d . W E w iP n eos oheso. area S
tt. otales, w. tth SI. asoiowe: Gas e f ewlts " wher, Hernia
sonBeh Lim - B la*Jasoe oet . t, f . earn
ori ((le) oB .lre) D oe Ten. s e.l
ALE XAit spae VLIE . AIrteUe s orrearAn fe A ED s o e.' i
hhsie fi"esss tOrsa"ng or " limber Q as.:" ofe 3.556 7a reos t;oul t wh ke.ffiC
Iis, t reo Cora""TYlow H1alse. "Afri o o p sa let,°"' " hite BtlieK r ýOBOrBrio A serOd "
ALEXANDER DRU AND SEED COMPANY, CUSTA. ORCIA.
To Believe the Tu th
About the emfcas in obstinate cases of dys
pepsof Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, re
quires no trnth, of credulity. Aft yu
troubled with niLestioI If so try it, not
occasonaily, spasdodially. ,Take a rem
lar, persistent course. Prompt. relief, ulti
mate cure will be the result. The dyspep
tio, the blious, the nervous, the rheumat,
the malaria and kidne-troubled attest its
eficacy. A wmeglas su before meals.
HsBaaim Remark.-'"M.yar will cofe," g
sputtered the buckwheat oake on the hot
griddle, "by gravy l"
Best oe An
To cleanse the system in a gentle and truly
benefcial manner, when the Bpringtime
comes, use the true and perfect remedy,
rup of Figs. One bottle wll answer for
Sthe family and eosts only 0 cents: the
large size 1. Try it and bepleeed. Man
ufactured by the California FigSyrup Co.
only.
Ix the stutterer's lexiceon there is nosuch
animal as a coon- he generally makes a co
con of him.-Yokers Statesman.
DESDEv1NG CoxvDNuxca,-here il St: -
cle which so Ec  ttes the entire con
tlSe '-1 the community as Banow's
SB~OtoCHIAL Taocuua. These suffering from
Asthmatic and Bronchial Diseases, Coughs,
and Colds, should try them. Price 25 oents.
Tan diamond is the hardestof substances
No one appreciates this fact more thanthe
engaged young man.-Ram's Horn.
BucraL's PILLs will cure constipation,
keep the blood oool and the liver in good
working order, price 25 cents a box.
TaI greatest alrculating medium is the
drummer.-Galveston News.
How My THroAr Hcsl--!Why don't you
use Hale's Honey of Horehound "a Tart
Pike's Toothache DropsCure in one minute.
MU÷
BileBeas
SmaU
SGuaranteed to cure Bilionus Attacks. Sick
Headache and ConaLlpaSIom. 40 in each
Sbottle. Price 25c; For sale by druggists.
Picture "7.T, 17, ' and sample dose free.
J. F. SMITH & C.. P b, Pr s. HIEW OllK.
5T2lW, . , solDlo a is u n s smunacte.
S
a, LILLY CARRIAGE CO.,
is MAmNPAveUrm or
Fine Carriages, Buggies Spring Wagons
s a rtse:s:M ad Smi 45m5
e. .as sms. r 2aUs..PUr UIm.N3Ms
Ely's Cream Balm
0, ,,IN[ CnUAS
COLD IN HEAD
se
A int each nest I.
Want to a..Uh
to bay- some of-~q th
want ao much, andrcan'i ja weli -
afford them? Vets'li.ly ,
per cent. of t he
feeling. Cnvasing,- '
that is3 door-to-dofr d
we have none of that;-. we have -a
method of people read
T=- a i s'-ioHo~im. which
hetfna& \easanly . _,'I 1ed way..
Writ to tis, and we tell you our
plan.
Tax Cuaris PULsmRINGo Co.
PHILADELPISU
A ASTONISH.hO...
TONIO FOR WOMEN.
T OF
sllnes sonir Sadgling ad Curs '
FEMALE DISEASES.
ASK YOUR DRUGQIST ABOUT iT.
81.00 PER BOTTLE.
Chattanooga Med. Co., Chattanoega. Te..
W.EBSTP+R'S
IN2'. RNA IfNAZ
- DICT-IONARY
Ten yea r At in
revising, 100 editors
empto-eo, more than
A Grand Edueator
Abreast of the Times
A Library In itself
Invaluable in the
household. and to the
man, 1r · rU21Uor3
7yotr Bookseller to ahowit toyoea.
Pn. I eby
,IDo otby reprits of ancient edltoan
THEY WASH THEIR-CLOTHES
WITH _e
CLAIR
ETTE
' SOAP
MADE ONLY BY
N.K.rAIRBANK&CO. ST.Lous.
•asa "=' " W. L. DOUGLAE
3. S O w:A sewe d sehoe that i.sot L Caot.
seamless, smooth inside, more co -IEble.
stylish and durable than any other shoe aer
mede shoescosting rom r4 to $5.
eoldsatthe price. . very stle. Equalac .tom.
SThe olnwing are of the same high sha4l Ae
/ .oi anta.0 o Flanseise Cal Haad-ewred
THEs T OPolie. Iarmes aH Letter-Cm
.7 uod Lo ý
Berwm7 p
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE- BECAiE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
. SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINSS
Lu SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERV K.iTC4.
egyY
-'ass~It.. _
DAINTY WORK i
wort on tbe market. )L
-NEEDLE pfrAL
REPAIRS 9ýboe
W~dshMBý le tA1 Si
pr thoemed.e..m. Smdi gai
DRu~iili~%'ILPP·q~:r
DRILL UuDT AIER
and TO o' the ord Reliable week Sgauted.
Catalogue We.. LOOMIS d: NTMAMý, filrnt. Cuate.
MOST HAVS "'a~k
for te. tamp. Immenlam. 1.ymrSWIId. Onaly .00
oaevei nwented. feate.ºelghtM+. *pliSIe grd.
gi. a aq. Wrdteqdick. SeM S wbaudltls
w.tT~m55 al hkaraEts almgem.e
WAITIRD: ULt&SI5 &r gal's' era. CO.. mgr "SuKCI.
ý$JsM 551. FrAWa.i ew a 7w
0k.
WANTE TFP. t~IQ~ tU~tC0. En.
Ptso's Remedy for Catarrh is thorn
Best, Easiset to Use. and Cheapest
Sol bydugsso sent by mail
A.. N. 8., F. 1489
WHUN WUrlIXO We AHVZTIUA.R PLK*SZ
emits that you saw the Advrt.wtbminla 3m hi
D.mem _