ý se: t, +.s
i"
- - ;E -Z
FLMEI LFYETE A. ATRDY NVMBR 8183
' ·niin Sebd Oo eet A W_ o iexY 22@e
L"!'1-1ft ron
[Cooriaht, 18s% by
the Author.]
Ti diagra
full" 'ried Ger
trude. Foster,
passionately.
"That is a i
act," 'returned her - brother, coolly,
t'what are you going to do about
* 'he young man.was lying in a ham
anock, swung at the end of the piazas; i
Ahis sister was seated near him, in a
rookingrchair, which she kept in vigor- I
'ons motion, as though thereby trying e
to accentuate her remarks concerning I
-the letter she held in her hand. ]
A boy, about sixteen years of age, a
i'as loungiLag. on the steps, with a novel 1
before him, but the contents of that c
epistle had apparently taken away his c
interest in the story, for he was not l
rdading.
- "You surely are not surprised, Ger- a
'trude," contjnued the occupant of the
'hammock. "I have been noticing for a
some time the care father took in q
his toilet, when he went out on busi- I
mebs. Busineso.'" laughing derisively; r
"my stern parent never fooled me m
much. I thought he was going a-woo
"But an old maid; Jima!" said his sis- r
her. "A 'roman probably full of freaks
nmud fancies. It is all very well for you a
and Harold, but I have to be with her,
at home, all the time."
"Only three months, my dear," re- D
turned Jim. "Remember my future -
brother-in- law comes home to-day, and n
that you will soon be a blushing n
bride. Rather a bad day for his re
tarn, though," he added, looking over y,
the hammock at the landscape before a
him, half hidden by the heavy veil of di
rain. "I do not think I ever knew it hi
to pour harder."
"Yes," assented Gertrude. medita- **(
tively. "That is my one consolation. hi
It it w're not for Dick, I would go out tt
and ). ant for the position of a governess ni
to-dnorrow-" al
("WVhich you would be quite incapa
Tble of filling." interpolated her brother,
:sotto voce.)1
"For I haven't the patience to put up
with an old maid's quips and eranks."
"Pthaw!" said Harold, who had not
yet spoken, "I think an old maid far
,preferable to a widow. She will prob
ably be so grateful to father for marry
ing her that she will behave very de
'cently. Generally an old maid's chief
fault is romancing about her former of
fers, and Mrs. Foster will probably not
do that, now she has really had one."
"That ti so," chimed in Jim. "WVhere
as a wilow is always resurrecting her
dear defunct, whenever his substitute
does. anything to displease her. Oh!
undoubtedly, things might be worse."
"Yes." returned Gertrude, "but how
-can a man with a heart fall in love WA
again so soon, anyway."'
"Maybe she was his first love, from frc
whom he was separated by a misunder- -1
standing," said Harold, putting his Ge
hand over his heart sentimentally. (
'Hello! The rain has stopped-and we
there comes a livery stable carriage. in1
How dramatic! Rain stops. Enter loe
hero! Come along, Jim, we would not
be here to embarrass the greetings of agl
two young and loving hearts." lie dis- sum
appeared through the door while Jim lik
slowly followed, in his lazy, languid tie:
way, saying: "Tell Dick I will see him
at supper." on]ul
By this time the carriage had en- to
tered the gates and was coming rapidly mo
up the long avenue that led to the I
house. The Fosters prided themselves anr
on their well-kept grounds, especially aga
the drive from the lodge gate to the
house, which was bordered on eithcr fon
side by maple trees. ene
They gave a delightful shade during wat
the summer months, and their gorgeous not
foliage in the fall made the Foster side
place the glory of the neighborhood. she
But neither Richard nor Gertrude fatl
thought of the maples as he was driv- sun
ing under them that afternoon. He fair
had been abroad two years his only abe
thought was that, at last, he was really aga
to be with his fiances once more, while G
she forgot her father's second marriage but
in the joy of seeing her lover again. and
But, after they had been together an hon
hour or tw'o, Gertrude remembered the his
letter, and her face fell. H
"Oh, Dick!" she said, "father is be
married again. I received a note just tre
a few minutes before you came, telling ,
me about it. le said he should be 01
home in a few days, and wanted me to the
have everything done to make Aer and
home-coming pleasant." mot
Dick looked grave-then replied: cou
"1felL it will be only for a little time, Ba
but,"cheerfully, "I will takeyou away, tres
right of, if you like." rep
suet~
Gertrude laughed. "Oh! I guess I can drea
support her presence a few weeks, but Am
isn't it dreadful-for a man to get mar- tam
riod a second time?"- ta
dw
"Awful," he returned, with convic- se
tion. Then, after asecond's pause: 'I sple
mean as a rule; of course there are ex- sigh
ceptional cases. That reminds me,"he nav
added, "you have heard me speak of chilc
my Aunt Marion?" -
"The aunt who, you say, has re
deemed thq race of old maidsu in your i
estimhtion?" asked Gertrude. the i
"The same," he answered. "Well, TI,
mother wrote mne some time ago that Tr
she was going to be married. I sup- chai
pose I shall hear all about it to-night No
when I go home. You know," he con- tears
tmanued, "agreat many years ago Aunt wom
Marion fell in love. She was boarding Ev
-in the conmtry at the time, and, al- body
though he 6 reeipr6aated her afoction. Ms
theE' had 1 hot eenfesued their mutual (o
* attachment, wiitn her dearest friend curie
osb~fo~boar at the tame place. This lo
-y;iad~~i .~ -was-tfaseniated by the It'a
'Aiggan to think en i
W1;31:b-*wi4 s i an vt Sn FreU
idis estimation. She had recourse to
strategy; told numberless falsehoods to
both of them, and managed, in a short
space of time, to provoke a quarrel be
tween them.
"Aunt Marion was very proud and
sensitive, sought no explauiation from
her whilom admirer, trusted her friend,
and lost her lover.
"In aear or two she heard of their
Smarriage, which opened her eyes a lit,
tie, and caused the girlish friendship
Sto be broken oft. Two years ago she
e, by received a letter from this woman,
] who, it seems, was dying, confessing
the whole truth. She also left an ex
4a- planation for her husband, which he
Ger- found when she was dead. After
'ter, awhile, Aunt Marion acceded to
y" the widower's repeated entreaties
a a to be allowed to call-and in a
illy, few months they were engaged I
out guess my prospective uncle made the
other woman a good husband, but he
am- did not really love her, for his wife
rani wrote that he had never forgotten his
in a first love, and only mearried her in grat
gor- itude for the sympathy and tenderness
'ing she showed when telling bow my aunt
ing fad deceived him. I think," continued
Richard, "that I would never have
ige, made known the truth, if I had been in
)vel her place. Bnt I suppose the voice of
hat conscience gets very loud in the pres
his ence of death. It was a tardy repara
not lion, though."
"Dick, what is your aunt's name?"
per- asked Gertrude, abruptly.
the "Why the same as my mother's," he
for answered, somewhat astonished at the
in question; "Moore. Marion Moore.
isi- Pretty name, isn't it?" he added. "Too
ly; pretty to change, I think. Why, Gertie,
me what is the matter?"
o00- For the girl had grown deathly
white, and did not seem to hear his last a
is- remark. I
iks "Nothing," she said, at last, making
ron an.effort to recover her sell-pogsession,
per, "only your aunt is-my atepmother."
"What!" ejaculated Richard. "Aunt F
re- Marion your stepmother! It cannot be t
are -and yet-I never knew her lover's t
,nd name, never heard it. Is that her c
ng name, Gertie? Are you sure?" t
re- "Here is my letter; you can read for
rer yourself," she answered, faintly. lie F
)re saw there was no mistake and won- f
of dered how in the world he could recall
it his words. ii
"I am sorry, Gertie," he said, at last.
- "Of course you know I never would
an. have told you had I dreamed of such a
ut thing. I dare say I exaggerated. I A
uss never heard Aunt Marion say anything
about it. All my information came
Pa
'p Ac'
ci
of Sc'rfý a
ar It
oe- Vt
of
ti
be 7/ ii lii
/, iii
li
;tF
re WATCHD- ITR CARIRIAGE DRIVE DOWN of
THE AVENUE.
mi from her sisters, who did not like your ro
r- -her friend. Just forget all about it, pa
is (lertie." le
Gertie was weeping as if her heart be
id would'break, but as he finished speak- or
e. ing she handed him her ring without va
!r looking up. go
>t "What is that for?" asked Richard, It,
,tf aghast. "I did not mean to hurt you; ga
I. surely, you are not going to punish me be
n like that, when 'offended so uninten- of
d tionallyr' wi
n "No," sobbed Gerti ude, "it isn't that, lor
ouly I shouldn't think you would want ov
L- to marry the daughter of such a soi
v mother." to
e Richard laughed, as lie took the ring tu]
s and placed it on Gertrude's finger we
y again. thi
e "What a silly child you are!" he said aff
r fondly. "It wouldn't make any differ- frc
ence to me if every relative you had he
Swas in the penitentiary. You would goy
s not be responsible for their sins. Be- we
r sides, I suppose your mother thought clo
she had every right to try and win your chi
father. Hle was not engaged to my sor
Saunt, you know, and, they say, all is tux
fair in love and war. So think no more Ma
about it-and we will never mention it
again."
Gertrude never did mention it again, I
but she thought about it many times; wh
and when Mr. Foster brought his wife in r
home, he found everything arranged to die
his liking. ac
He had said to her: "The boys will "E
be all right, and if Gertrude does not tiol
treat you well let me know." log
"Never, James." replied Mrs. Foster, Cra
"for you might be tempted to tell her fer,
the history of the years that are gone, disl
and children should reverence their is a
mother's memory, which I doubt if she
could do, knowing all."
But there was no trouble. Gertrude
treated her stepmother with the utmost a V
respect and courtesy, and behaved in
such a way that Mrs. Foster actually ton
dreaded the girl's wedding day. you
As she watched the ariuage that con- it?"
tained her nephew and his bride drive
down the maple avenue, now re- "Cr
splendent in its autumnal coloring, she ond
sighed-then turned toward her hus- She
band, who was standing near. "I She
never thought to have loved Louisa's
child so well," she said. my
_____________(cal
Stab Ends o Thougst. waE
With some of us hope never comes to you
the full bloom.
The tears that come easy go easy. -
Trust is the strongest link In the top
chain of association. dern
Not one time in a m llon are a man's now
tears dishonest; what may be said of a see:
woman's is different.
Everybody would be perfect if every
body else thought so. ram
Matrimony is love's eye-opener. ea
Gossip is the bullet in the gun of idle dres
curiosity.
Honesty Is not contagious.
It's a long way around to reach Ueay ber
en by some eburchee.-Detroit Free to S
PrFess,
e to A WOMAN'S RESPONSIBILITY.
ds'to
hort The stedy of Household elemee as a Help
be- to Proper Managemeat.
It is woman's province to control and
and manage the household. Whether she
rom does it wisely or unwisely rests with
aend, herself. No one else can absolutely
fill.ber place. She should, therefore,
heir study the phases of home affaird with
lit the sampe applieation'and assiduity that
ship she would give to a difficult problem,
she which may require weeks, months, even
san, years, to work out, but which in the
sing end must be solved.
e A man enters the arena of business
he withthe full purpose of being master
fter of whatever he undertakes. He knows
to that he must succeed. Reputation, so
ties cifil position, comfort, progress, the
a happiness of his family, even life itself,
I may depend upon his efforts. If wom- I
the an would feel the same responsibility I
he in regard to her home-that she must i
wife succeed in making it a peaceable, 1
his health-giving, moral-giving abode, and I
rat- would never waver until she had ac
ess complished it-we should reach a I
nut state of advancement in the un- I
ted derstanding of life which, ex
ave cept among some in the cultured 1
i in classes, is not general to-day. I do c
of not maintain that the study of house- I
re- hlold science will enable woman to do s
ira- all this, but such study will help a
greatly, perhaps more than anything I
e?" else, toward that end. It is one of the I
important factors in that result, and ii
he if for no other reason than that it will ii
the make life for women in the perform- In
re. ance of their household duties pleas- p
oo anter, more satisfactory, sweeter, It
tie, easier, it is more than worth trying. o
To work in the dark is ever perplex- c
hly ing; to .Aork in the light of intelligent
ast understanding is one form of happi- rq
ness. ii
ing The study of houshold science, taken sl
in its full and broad sense, leads into a
boundless fields of research. The a
int phenomenon of heat, the currents of h
be the air, the life and chemical nature of a
res the products of the earth, the mysteri- a]
er ouns and complex processes of nutri- t,
tion, fall almost without mention into a
oor such work; the sciences of chemistry, d
lie physiology, and bacteriology are its w
n foundation stones; in fact, whatever p
all bears upon the physical life of ran is b
included in it.-Miss M31. A. Boland, in a
st Popular Science Monthly. t
id AN ARAB'S COSTUME.
t a ki
I Articles Which Are Pound In the WVard- l
og robes of the Poorer Sort. Ih
no They all dress alike-Arabs, Berbers, oi
Moors and the rest. Item: "One fe
"biled rag'"-not the biled rag of the to
wild and woolly west. but a piece of es
cotton cloth actually sewed up bag- ht
fashion, with holes cut in it for head sI
and arms, now and then affording the vi
luxury of short sleecves; and which un- hi
der no circumstances whatever is gt
"biled," until .age has withered and ci
custom staled it into actnalrags. Item: th
If well-to-do, a sleeveless buttoned si,
rest. Item: Real "bags," to adopt our su
young hunting swell's terms, for hi
tarousers. Sartorially speaking, these gr
are made of cotton, and are literally en
like a bar, whose depth is equal to a Rc
little more than the distance from the
waist to knee, and whose wvidth equals th
Sthrice the distance a man can stretch MI
apart his legs. Cut out the two corners all
Sof the bottom of the bag, step through a c
the holes, and gather up the mouth tru
ri round the waist, and you have the rol
t, pants du pays. There is thus ag
left pendent between the Arab's legs a s5T
rt bag bigenough to hide himself in. The tie
c- origin or utilitg of this leg-gear it were an
it rain to inquire. Item: One scarf to Til
go a number of times around the waist. plc
i, Item: If cold, an additional shirtlike is]
a; garment of woolen goods coming down aft
a below the knees. Item: One burnoose sui
t- of white or in Tunis blue woolen goods. is
withl a very roomy hood, exceedingly on
loose so as to wrap about one and throw en
t over the shoulder. Item: One fez., with att
some cotton cloth twisted, rope-fashion, sal
to wrap round it into the guise of a cot
' turban. Item: One pair of shoes, from erc
r woven rushes to Morocco leather. In ind
this dress, or so ,much of it as he can ity
1 afford, the natives live day and night, dis
from early manhood to old age. When
I he dies he is buried in it, or the dress pre
I goes to his son and heir. A very few "y,
working city Arabs wear ready-made per
t clothing from France, England, per- to
r chance America. More is the pity. It nes
r sounds the death-knell to national cos- sisi
ttumes.-Col. T. A. Dodge, in Harper's ted
Magazine. of
Sprii
Odd Kinds of Headaeche. pri
It may distract the attention of those mO'
who suffer from headache to learn that int
in early English dajs there were reeme- dr
dies "for headache, and for cold head- he
ache, and for ache of half the head." e j
"Eye work and the fiend's tempta- for
tions" are also mentioned in this cata- fro
logue. Ache of half the head, or hemi- f
crania, from which George Eliot suf- ath
fered so much, has been considered a in
distinctively modern disease, but there
is nothing new.-Boston Journal. 1
__________________wee
Hereiaty. eas~
"Yaas," said Cholly,"my mother was vicl
a Von Danderbeck." derj
"Dear me," rejoined Trotter, in a one
tone of sympathy, "that must worry Jar
you awfully. May I ask, did she die of
it?"-Life.
cavc
-He (wedded for revenue only)- ce
"Cross again! And this only the sec- sion
ond week of our alleged honeymoon:" has
She-"It has been a dreadful mistake. the
Why did you seek for my hand when The
my heart could not be yours" He the
(calmly)-"Because it was your hand I dunj
wanted. You can't sign a cheek with nam
your heart."-Pittsburgh Bulletin, of
lists
-"I guess the day for me to be on victa
top is past," soliloquized the battered fend
derby hat in the ash barrel, "but even stru
now I am no slouch, and never will be. larg
See?"-Indianapolis Journal. thro
I-A High-Toned Costume.-Mrs. Gaz- the a
zam - "What did Mrs. Biddle-Biddle pc
wear?" Mrs. Keedick-"She wore full- pec
dress and her hyphen."-Judge.
TI,
-In all civilized countries the num- man
ber of criminals has increased from ten lmbacl
to thirty-five per cent. in the last fifty Tt
yearg -Tn
rY. BANDIT OF THE CAMPAGNA. I
help Tiberal, Like eblan oeed, Has the Peeeoe's
Leove mad bDese Capture.
and Italy at present is more occupied
she than ever by the exploits of the far- a
with famed Tiburzl, who has for a consider- c
tely able period terrorized with impunity I
ore, on the borders of Etruria and the ni
rith Roman Campagna, and whose authori- I
that ty there has possibly had more weight I
em, than that .of King Humbert himself. na
ven Priests, mayors, minor officials, and ii
the other inhabitants, numbering alto- t
gether two hundred and fifty souls, s
sess have been arrested and imprisoned as t]
ster his abettors, and are now being tried It
aws in batches of twenty-five at a time at cI
so- Viterbo. The calendar of assize re- s
the lating to the two hundred and fifty ac- "
elf, cused will extend to four series of se
em- trials, the first of which has just term- tl
lity inated in various sentences of im- ai
Leust prisonment and fines. The remaining it
ble, three series will be taken in turns di
and shortly at specified times. hi
ac- Tibursi himself, who is still free and tc
a laughs at the efforts of the carbineers -
nn- to capture him, has been assisted in his aa
ex- numerous raids by a small and devoted ir
red hand of followers, who have almost all de
do disappeared, one after the other, hav- b:
se- ing either been killed in pitched battle hi
do with the' carbineers, or secured, tried tr
elp and executed. or sent to the galleys. al
ing le has now but one solitary follower- to
the his faithful lieutenant-who devotedly si'
.nd helps him to rule the district, whose to
'ill inhabitants either wink at or favor his «V
m- misdeeds. A price of four hundred fr,
s- pounds has been set on his head, and pc
er, he takes his revenge in killing as many ag
ag. of the king's soldiers as he possibly un
ix- can. no
at The country-folk for thirty miles ste
pi- round act as his scouts; they warn him tic
if the carbineers are in sight; they sy
en shelter him and supply him with food; of
to and if questioned as to his where- tir
he abouts. they affirm that they have seen ec0
of him take to the left as fast as his heels iss
of will carry him, when in fact he is dis- the
ri- appearing leisurely and unconcernedly dea
ri- to the right. It is said that the fair I
to sex especially show great ingenuity in sin
'., devising elaborate plans for his escape;' sul
its while in due course of time, and leisure col
er permitting, he repays the obligation the
is by making them some nice presents hen
in and showing them much flattering ate eve
tention. ser
Tiburzi's happy hunting ground is tio
known as the Macchia. It is a wide- wh
.a- spreading tract of land, over-grown He
here and there with extensive patches evc
"s, of thick underwood-a kind of treeless are
se forest, but nevertheless impenetrable car
le to anyone except Tiburzi, who knows Ihas
of every turn and corner of it, and where the
g_ he obtains the willing assistance of ica
td shepherds, who supply him with pro- sit,
le visions when he has to remain there in In
a- hiding sometimes for several days to- the
is gether. Any gendarme who feels sufli- "in
id ciently courageous to venture within to
ii: the limits of this fastness in the delu- is t
d sive hope of capturing the brigand is his
tr sure to be awarded with a rifle-ball for oth
r his pains. Tibursi leads the life of a and
;e grand seigneur, provides for his par- Ma
y ents, travels- first-class incognito to the
a Rome and frequents the theaters. in a
e During the summer in 1889 the an- the
is thorities determined to surround the bar
h Macchia and capture Tibursi, dead or flei,
*s alive. A cordon of gendarmes formed Tht
h a circle, and a body of carbineers pene- sim
h trated the underwood. In the sur- hor
e rounding villages the inhabitants all ficif
s agreed that he had been seen at various to a
a spots early the day before the expedi- sity
e tion. They abounded in useful hints trot
e and indications; and all the time dep
o Tiburzi was in Paris, spending his days , whi
pleasantly at the exposition. That he or
e is liberal, and even generous, to all who tonr
n afford him assistance in evading pur- peri
e suit and capture is only to state what them
is perfectly true. He robs strangers at v
y only, or those whom he thinks are rich leslm
r enough to pay for immunity from his nuts
1 attacks. Therein lies .the secret of his com
safety; for what interest can the poor the
a country folk who benefit by his gen- take
s erosity have in betraying him? This, the
Sindeed, is the kind of medimeval moral- ting
Sity still extant in many Italian rural deal
districts. carr
S"If," said one of the accused to the to t
Spresiding judge during the recent trial,
r "'your police arrangements were more
perfect, we should proba1,ly not have
to compound with Tiburzi." The wit- stra
Sness proved that he could not help as
sisting him to escape, and was acquit- Pc
ted. And now during the interregnum ever
of trial, while the second batch of as t
prisoners are waiting their turn, a theil
moving column of carbineers is beating comn
up the Macdhia and its hiding places wart
in the hope of successfully tracking this brea
daring bandit, but it is ten to one that ice 1
he is not to be found amid the solitudes proa
between Viterbo and Civita Veechia, "Qua
for anxious as he may be to escape ness
from the king's troops, lie is still more the
anxious to avoid the malaria which at was
this season of the year is at its wiorst reset
in that locality. The probability is then
that during ,this exceptionally hot stani
weather Tiburzi is either taking it Is ye
easy in some secluded villa in the after
vicinity of the lake of Como or won- smas
dering peaceably in Switzerland from them
one summer resort to another.-St. day
James Gazette.3 stror
ficull
The '*Ear of Dionysine." was 1
A cunningly constrncted prison tical
cavern, consisting of a large chamber relea
connected with one of smaller dimen- Moni
sions, situated near Syracuse, Italy,
has gone into legendary history with
the title of the "Ear of Dionysius." On
The smaller chamber was unknown to
the prisoners kept in this underground cahu
dungeon, and the tyrant by whose
name it is known had a habit cow
of secreting himse:> there to well
listen to the conversation of the con- rays
eiets, who were mostly political of
fenders. An ingenious device con- angle
structfed at the smaller end of the the n
larger chamber transmitted the sounds isdl
through the partition, thus enabling sequt
the suspicious ruler to hear even the any 1
whispered conversations of his "sens- are r
pects."-N. Y. S-n. Snten
upon
His Recipe. foot.
The W6orried One-But what can a milk
man do when his sweetheart turns her headl
back upon him? ring
The Cale pee--Take her in his arms, that
--ru. -*rays
IA. GERMANY'S IRON TREASURES.
pes Oast Store; of Army atloae and Memery a
Readiness for war.
Pied In the fortress of Spandan there is
tar- stored the celebrated emergency fund
ier- of the German empire-the so-called
lity iron treasure, millions of silver pieces,
the most of them minted with the head of
sri- Napoleon IlL Derived from that co
rht lossal indemnity which victorious Ger
slf. many imposed upon humbled France
md in the hope of permanently crippling
to- the hereditary foe, the payment of
als, which and recuperation of its loss is
as the financial wonder of the world, this
led hoard of coined money is kept for the
at contingency of war. This treasure is
re= sacred. There is no crisis through
so- which the German empire may peas,
of save that of foreign war, which makes
in- this vast sum available. The Germans I
m- are very fond of the word "iron" in
ng its sense of rude firmness, of harsh en
-us durance, of severe tenacity. They
have applled it to their greatest his
nd torical character-the iron chancellor. I1
ers -to his policy of absolute inflexibility I
Uis and to their most-prized reward-the t
ed iron cross-of which there is but one 1
all degree, and which can be earned only I
irv- by actual bravery on the feld. They t
Lie have used the word to designate the c
ed treasure at Spandau, and they have e
rs. also adopted it to characterize an insti- I
- tution in their minute and comprehen
Ply sive schemie of military organization, $
se to which they attach great importance. t
sis Vhen the German army is transferred
ed from a huge reserve of precautionary b
ad power into a massive instrument of S
oy aggressive force, its units, the individ- ii
ly nal soldiers, are put into absolutely Itl
new uniforms. The purposes of this S
es step are numerous. It makes the opera- II
m tion of mobilization more simple and n
Ssystematic, and with the contingency p
d; of prolonged warfare it makes the con- tl
u-. tinuance of military operations more li
en economical. There is a sentimental c+
1s issue involved-the personal pride of al
s- the soldier is stimulated and his-zeal in tl
ly Service increased. w
ir In equipment and accountermenta a +
in similar system is followed. The re
e;' sult is that the soldier starts out in the tl
re condition practically that he should be w
on theoretically. His equipment is a 7,
ts heavy one, but the knowledge that 13
t- every pound of weight he carries repre- PP
sents something useful to his occupa- 4.1
is tion and his comfort and convenience in
e- while engaged in lightens his load. sc
n He realizes that he is provided for ul
,s every emergency. In his knapsack m
is arce his clothes and his store of te
le cartridges. Each one of his pockets or
-s has particular purpose. The lining of ce
e the one on the left of his tunic is med- an
>f ically prepared, to be used when neces- Pi
- sity arises as an antiseptic bandage. th
n In his haversack lis his loaf of bread
the staff of life-and the [so-called jui
I- "iron ration." This is the institution su
a to which reference has been made. It G1I
Sis the reserve fund of the soldier's food, dix
s his sustenance when deprived of all far
r other resources of mess, commissariat 4,0
a and forage. There is a huge factory in 2,
*Mayence devoted to the packing of 7
o these "iron rations." In small bags, Th
in a preserved and compressed shape, 1,0
these rations consist of coffee, rice, dis
e hard tack and tobacco, in quantity suf- list
r ficient to provide for three days' use. chi
i The cavalry receives in addition sm
similarly prepared rations for its Ro
horses, consisting of hay and oats suf- peo
1ficient for five days. These rations are Esi
s to serve only in cases of extrenie neces- 191
Ssity. They are sacred whenever the 59.
trooper is provided by the commissary els
department with the necessary food, or 'i.4
Swhen he can provide it by requisition for
or forge. The "iron ration" can not be -c
Stouched except by command of a su
Sperior officer. In the preparation of
Sthese rations chemical science has been
Sat work, and it is believed in the arti- vli
Scles provided the greatest amount of a
Snutrition has been secured in the most
Scompressed and endurable shape. In fac
the grand maneuvers which annually an.
take place in Germany, and in which sta
the soldiers are exposed to every con- of
Stingency save thatof an enemy'sdeath- wa
dealing powers, the "iron rations" are Sex
carried, and their purpose made clear
to the men.-St. Louis Post-Dispatch. eas
the
ANTARCTIC PENGUINS. wa
less
Strange Birds Pound In the Nelighborhood sp
or tile South Pole. san
Penguins are the strangest creatures the
ever seen. They are supremely funny vwh
as they quack and strut about with lari
their padded feet over the snow, or, sph
coming to a slope, glide swiftly down- of 7
ward toboggan-fashion upon their It
breasts. If one lands on the piece of acti
ice they are resting upon, they ap solb
proach fearlessly with a threatening less
"Quack! quack!" For their inquisitive- The
ness they, too, often received sen
the handle of the club, for it of
was soon found that their flesh greatly dial
resembled that of the hare, and upon less
them we had many a tasty and sub- but
stantial meal. The emperor penguin bria
Is very diflfcult to kill; he will live One
after his skull has been most hopelessly hay
smashed; the best way to put an end to mile
them is to pith them. Six of us one end
day set out to capture one alive, and so line
strong was the bird that five with dif- toj
ficulty kept their hold, and, after he stil
was bound with strong cords and nau- max
tical knots, he fapped his flippers and vidi
released himself.-Popular Science toni
Monthly. I edg
met
"*Cow's~Feet-In-sbe-Mgxalk-Psj... pla
One of the curiosities of refected mel
light from a curved surface is the oflt
"causti9," popularly known as "the tres
cow's-foot-in-the-milk-pail." It is a tPh
well-known property of light that its
rays impinging upon a refecting sur
face are thrown of so as to make the *'
angle between the refected rays and muc
the normal equal to that between the "Ke
incident rays and the nermal. In con- low
sequence of this law, when the rays of "I
any light which are practically parallel wag
are refected from a caurved surface the
intersections of the refected rays take
upon themselves the form of a cow's
foot. This shadow as refected in the Fi
milk pail is given the name used in the muc
headline. Prove it by taking off your sa
ring and laying it upon the table so coul
that its inner surface will efect the sick
ras of the lsmp.-St, Feuis Re]Pblie. pnac
s. SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
is -Wakes were religious institutions,
even earlier than the love feasts of the
is
mrst Christians.
od
ed -The Chinese Sunday school in con- c
section with Bromfield Street church,
5' Boston, has about eighty members. t
o -In the last twenty-five years, so a
"r- says Mrs. Alice Freeman Palmer,eleven I
ce million dollars have been given in this
cg country to women's colleges alone.
of -The Presbyterian Synod of Penn- Ii
is sylvania comprises 1,135 churches,with a
is a membership of 180.902. Additions c:
te last year to the communion rolls 11,- ri
is 898.
'h -Prof. George C. Chase, of Bates is
a, college, Lewiston, Me., has been ad
as vanced to the presidency. He is a q
s graduate of the college, 49 years old. p
in During the past ten years he has raisedh
a. about 8140,000 for the institution. 11
?y -The late Miss Sarah Benham, of s]
a- Greenport, Columbia county, N. Y., lest t
r. by will the following legacies to the tl
;y Reformed church: $6,000 to the board it
le of foreign missions; 85,000 to the church g
to building fund; to the general synod,
Cy $6,500 for the education of students for
!y the ministry and 87.500 for the support
ie of the Theological seminary. Upon
re settlement of the estate and in con- e
4- formity to the will, each of these ob-w
u- sects receives 14 percent. additional, or O
o, 8,827, 85,689 and 815,361 respectively;
e. total, $27,877.
d -A controversy has been going on j
y between the Jews and the people of
if Switzerland in regard to the slaughter
I- ing of animals. The Jews always take
y the life of an animal by bleeding. The
is Swiss Humane society prosecuted the to
- Hebrew butchers for cruelty to ani- tl
1 mals. The law forbidding needless la
r pain to animals was enforced against or
- them. Inasmuch as the Jews had a re- te
a ligious scruple on the subject, it was gr
.1 considered a great hardship, and they "'
f appealed to the country for relief, but sP
i the people sustained the law in over- m'
whelming numbers. - Presbyterian iv
a Journal. mi
- -According to the official statistics th
t the total number of schools in the
t whole German empire is 56.563: pupils, on
S7,925,6ib8; teachers, 120,032, of whom Dr
t 13,750 are women. The figures for tei
Prussiai are: Schools, 34,741; pupils, an
S4,916,470, and teachers, 70,767, 8.484 be- Po
s ing women. In the entire empire the Fr
. scholars are 16.03 per cent. of the pop- sli
r ulation; in Prussia. 10.54. In Ger- on
many, outside of Prussia. there is one elc
f teacher to every 61 pupils: in Prussia. sal
one to every 70. These teachers re- chi
f ceive from $150 to 8500 a year. The mi:
annual cost of educating a child is, in frig
Prussia, $7.14: throughout the rest of ket
the empire, 07.08.
-A very careful religious census has pie
just been taken of Scotland, under the ser
supervision of Rev. Robert Howie, of coy
Glasgow. The result is remarkable, dra
disclosing, as it does, the interesting siei
fact that out of a -total population of pin
4,025.647 the various denominations had pot
2,963,136 in church communion, being thr
736O per cent. per 1,000 of the population. scu
This left 1,062,511, or 264 per cent. per pre
1,000 "churchless."' The churches rine
divided the 2,963,136 as follows: Estab- smm
lished (Presbyterian), 1.146.247; Free the
church, 771,031: U. P. churcl, 455,101: sho
smaller Protestant churches, 238,010; jell
Roman Catholic church, 352,747. The -
percentage per 1,000 of population was: mal
Established (Presbyterian). 248.7; Free, ron
191.5; U. P., 113.1: other P'rotestants, find
59.1; Roman Catholics, 87.0. But where smt
else outside of Scotland and WVales is goo
73.6 per cent of the population to be see(
found in communion with some church? Tali
-Christian at Work. pou
oral
BIG FIRES IN THE SUN.
Disturbances Which Materially Affected get]
the Weather on This Planet Recently. rant
Tremendous fires on the sun's sur- from
face, exceeding in size and intensity thic
anything measurable by hluman under- frui
standing, recently drew the attention euei
of all astronomers. This description and
was given by Astronomer Garrett P. to -
Serviss: -Fi
"A stupendous group of black spots,
easily visible to the naked eye when
the latter is protected by a dark glass, A
was on the meridian of the sun. No regi
less than twelve smaller groups of bac
spots were visible on the dish at the whi
same time, so that the appearance of of
the sun's face was most extraordinary or i
when viewed with a telescope. The The
large group is in the southern hemi- shaa
sphere, and is probably a reappearance boti
of a huge spot seen at previous times. are
It showed two main centers of havr
activity, and thie area of the the
solar surface covered by it was not has
less than 3,000,000,000 square miles. fran
The western nucleus of the group pre- with
sented a vast circular pool, the center ther
of which was as black as ink. The brut
diameter of the black center was not tion
less than fourteen thousand miles, rack
but its outlines were broken by fiery tray
bridges projecting into and across it. two
One of these, whose length could not put
have been less than ten thousand Post
miles, was seemingly split in two from
end to end, while another vast curving
line of flame ran in and across the pit Ar
to join it. The eastern nucleus was silki
still larger, and showed a marvelous
mass of black chasm crossed and di
vided in every direction by blazing the
tongues and bridges. Around the
edge of the great group eruptions of lifth
metallic vapor were evidently taking cvet
place, lifting masses of blazing mat- amb
ter to the height of many thousand
miles. Changes in the details of some stril
of the sjots. indicated that the most rose
tremendous forces were at work.- of di
mere ~ ~ o atwrk
Philadelphia Record. he
Festi to work, with
"You mustn't restrain the boy too grou
much," said the confidential friend. stant
"Keep an eye on' him, but let him fol- sign
low his natural bent.'" rates
"I do," sighed the father, "and it al- fabri
ways ends in his getting broke."-Chi
cage Tribune.
Mr
rediesi Item. peep]
First Young Doctor-Arce you getting mans
muoh practice? tion I
Second Young Doctor-Not yet. If I can't
could only get one patidnt I'd keep him man
sick until I got another to take his Mr
plae--zaea Si ttSting, 4, ,g
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
IS -Potato Cakes: . Grate eight or te- .
he good sized potatoes, season gh'
with salt and pepper, add beaten
n- of three eggs, and beaten whites ,:
:h, ward. Fry in hot lard, poonfuk;at?.
time. These should be madeia
so and eaten as quickly as possible.
en Vomankind.
is -A ripe tomato will remove fie,
ptains from the hands or from paper ea
n- linen. There is no particular- knalck
th about it. All that is to be done iasto
as crush the tomato in your hands sad
L,- rub the ink spot with the juice, thens
wash in clean water and ink and to
es mato juice will come away together.
8- -Baked Quinces: Take nice, sound
a quinces of uniform size, wash well aug
. place them in a dripping pan. Fill the
d holes with butter and sugar, sprinkles -
little sugar over the tops and bake in a
af slow oven an hour and a half, or until
It tender. Served with cake or creki
Le that have been buttered and browned
d in the oven, they make a plain but very
h good dessert.-Boston Budget.
S -Preserved Orange Peel: Weigh the
Soranges, and allow pound for pound of
Ssugar and fruit. Peel the oranges and
a cut the peeling into shreds, oook in
Iwater until tender, changing the water
once, and having it hot to begin with.
r Strain the juice of the oranges over the
sugar, bring to a boil, put in the peel
and simmer twenty minutes. Put in
njars. Lemon peel may be treated the -
same way, and either one is very niace.
-N. Y. Observer.
e-Pigeons With Green Peas: Ro* -
four pigeons for ten minutes. Take
them off the spit and split them, and
Slay them in a saucepan with three
t ounces of butter. As soon as the but
ter has melted pour in a pint of young
green peas, add a little salt, a pinch of
white pepper and two or three table
t spoonfuls of stock. Stew for twenty
minutes, shaking the pan frequently
while cooking. Serve pigeons in the
middle of the platter, surrounded by
the peas and sance.-Boston Budget.
-Chicken Curry: Fry two sliced
onions in two tablespoonfuls of batter.
Drain and fry jointed chickens in but
ter-the same butter. Put in pan one
and one-half tablespoonfuls of curry
powder and two tablespoonfuls butter.
Fry three minutes and add four raw,
sliced onions. Fry three minutes, add
one pint of stock, one small, chopped
clove of garlic, two green chillies and
salt. Stir, cook down to one-third, add
chicken, boil up and simmer twenty
minutes. Add one-half lemon, the two
fried onions, and serve.-Good House
keeping.
-Apple Jelly: Pare and core the ap
ples and cut into pieces, put into pre
serving pan with enough cold water to
cover them. Let boil fr* an hour and
drain sirup from them through a hair
sieve, and measure juice. To every
pint of juice allow three-quarters of a
pound of sugar, and boil together for
three-quarters of an hour. Remove all
scum as it rises, and stir jelly often to
prevent its burning. A little lemon
rind may be boiled with apples, and a
small quantity of lemon juice be put in
the jelly if the Savor is liked. It
should be stored away in small pots or
jelly glasses--Detroit Free Press.
-Yellow Tomato Preserves: These
make a delicious preserve. The large,
round are the best, but are difficult to
find in our market. You can use the
small, oval variety, and they are very
good. Scald, skin and take out all the
seeds. I wash mine to insure thisa
Take, for seven pounds of fruit. A-ve
pounds of sugar; use the rind of two
oranges; cut it small; take the juice of
six and put orange-juice, sugar and to.
gether on the back of the range, stir
until sugar is melted, bring to the
front of the fire, and after it begins to
thicken, stir continually; when the
fruit is clear and the juice has thick
ened sufficiently, take from the fire
and put at once, while boiling hot, in
to self-sealing pint jars-glass always.
-Farm and Fireside.
Racks for Books.
A set of choice books not kept in the
regular case often becomes so broken
backed by falling from the upright
when placed on a table,that small racks
of wood with room for a half dozen
or more volumes have been devised.
These racks have two upright parts
shaped like a frame, and a slide at the
bottom that regulates the width. They
are most often of oak, and some of them
have ornamental silver mountings at
the corners. The same convenience
has been made by covering small
frames of wood or heavy cardboard
with brocade or leather. They are
then ornamented with the needle or
brush, with an oddly-lettered quota
tion, or sprays of flowers. The wooden
racks are an acceptable gift to the
traveler who likes to carry a book or
two in his trunk, and have a place to
put them when he unpacks:-N. Y.
Post.
SUas for Autumn asd e Witer.
Among the importers' samples of new
silks for autumn appear a large variety
of stripes or corded silk and velvet on
very handsome arranriements of color,
the silk being, in most cases, of the
lifhter hue. Among the harmoniaeand
contrasts are those of moss-green wel
vet on silver blue, reseda or IIlia a
amber, a rich Venitian brown velvet
stripe, alteitnating with a silk one ib
rose pink shadings of silver; apotbhb
of dark petunia with a sheenyateiper
of almond changing to qpa gtespim
There are also some elegant mastertit
with Sower-brocaded satin atieasZZb
grounds of heavy bengaline. lQ4tWft&
standing their beauty of oeloribij, :
sign and texture, they are marhLe -a
rates far belocw the former pdaegs
fabrics of similar beauty amA worth
Wherein the mpreevemeaS 1MA. 8
Mrs. Sauera-Among the
people of the earth a manm -a
many wives as he desires, w~li
tion limits each man to oae.
can't tell me butthcti
man better morally. -·-'
Mr. Saemer-19ot
17 gives him bettep