b!
- ý by I.@ L La.. nth ..
a
wid - th its eies. ol" sta
So. wl3out it. o l-eages n 'oI
___t___monPmpecop
U MY ALL DRUCCJnT. Inch
.. ,a e so.. med ex.c o cs e
SS. gby I. L. LYONS & CO.
sae wa .thAin t . the
E IC t it DISCOVERY.
KERMEDY, of UOXBURY, MASS.,
discoveted Ins onae of cOr common
ure weeds a remedy that cures every
kid of Humor, from the worst Scrotfula
allow p to a common Pimple.
hJ as tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never tailed except in two cases
-both tunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
=of Its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send staol card for book.
A - benbt is at t and
A d ben. wh s a ays experienced from the
wthe rhaa perfect cure is warranted
= wen the ightquantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
7otin. pains, like needles assing star i
em; the same with the Liver or two I
. This is caused by the ducts be rings
; og stopped,-and always disappears In a Th
If the stomach is foul or bilious It wib when
timee. Sold by all Druggists. t
condo
lil ple
Se
under
, -`'- . e' a cur
I -l rll o f-tL  the   ll I strong
the om
moy 1
na w s
Sv a Sextent
,,OMES FOR Then
" ", , -" . alo 1 ex erhot g . tc
{w vm less Children, i
lneo n the l-awsothe otate or Ineoed . a 1or
ai e , s A rem cantgd for hoe Foll esg Children : T
rh a~mowsl ow
desired by each and to sed such a ohe rev
t ha hitre months. ity hi
iThe society receives thecd i it i not acPt r
Suited to the home. h eat.'n
The ocety has been In operacio eleven yea ats
b reeived2.do chindren and ha placed ther i
swbnee to receive children, either nby
-" . on !l tr het will address. "
thls wobeat.hrds :. Otthe 11..
owil answer propty and anend needed f or.
l. tee Wanted for the fllwing Ch :
'Thmi s un!
Sbabe, to monthn old.
Ox Gs, fbem 4 tooS years of age.
Te d y, 5tears
*abOuiee'a girls years old.
McELREES'
un rent.
othe inr
dof itse
Chiren t
tellingn, I
· p1DIa fjgin te anid ket I
o ithe othe
auere of ot
meat ns heatlnYeis r is a nle.
-Buider ad Wood orba,.
takuser mn earenued.r - olagt o
p e ma a plematter wse srat st s a
=i y hlectrs ones) nt than most pesplse
think, all sotioal msehonery having
mt fle pirts, hst requiring great s
t
d
hi
PC
of
m
t im yof
FIte. L au
EL fkil and mathematical accuracy in
their adjustment.
A h. e present in this connection a sim- as
supie method for tegenerating e by
i hmeans of heat from a candle.
Take an equal number of lengths of o f
Scopper and German silver wire, say six
Inches long), and twist their ends to
ether in the manner shown in the il- of
& CO. luatration, alternating the metals in he
the arrangement so that they will run o
first German silver, then copper, then
Overy German silver again, and so on. This t
accomplished, the resulting chain is
bent into the shape of a many-pointed the
but
Ammon
every A
crofula his
undred cide
D cases less
Pin his nmec
ificates and
iles of can
om the t
ranted com
Fete . i . the
ausea
tssing star (as In Fig. 2), and clamped between a su
ver or two flat wooden rings. Two old towel
ts be rings filed fiat will do.
In a Then fix the rings horizontally to a
I. support (Fig. 3). It will be found
t wib when this is done that there are two
Eat free ends of the wire-one of copper
of it, and one of German silver. These are
:bed what are known as the terminals of
the instrument. To these. by means of
conducting cords, must be connected a
simple galvanometer to show how much
current will pass.
If now a candle or a gas jet be placed
under the wires, so that the flame can
play on the inner points of the "star,"
a current of electricity will be produced
strong enough to diflect the needle of
the galvanometer.
S.Cimple as this little machine is, it
may be indefinitely modified, and in
new shapes made to do larger and more
extended duty. For instance, the
rings may be taken off the support and saw
the inner ends of the "star" bent down timbb
at right angles to the outer ends, so as proce
to form a series of legs, as it were. were
Then, If the affair is stood on top of a ner.
hot stove or furnace, the same effect is
fl obtained as with the eandle, only there Mia
is more of it, the deree of effect, in circul
fact. being pEoportional to the degree doto
'V is of heat o d
The phenomena which govern these -the i
Smanifestations seem to be the result of thein
Id o the reversal of the old rule: "Electric- they I
on. it t n ts and, ,
ity in its passage always generates tilize
OLa heat." Reversing this rule, it is found disoo
a eexami
r by dered
. come
Lor vague
people
tainths t
at. T]
roneon
pale w
the pel
does rn
is cony
oozen
time .b
scure fi
Fro. 8. jstroys i
that heat, when it crosses the two Aec
wires whose molecules are in opposite ownerse
conditiods, generates an electric cur- drefe ac
It is necessary to have the wires in tuid
the instrument described above, twisted hethe
tightly at their ends. This is the secret
of its perfect working. The dissimi five yea
ity in the two metals used is marked, only for
Thermo-electricity has not been de- thatspo
veloped as yet sufficiently to render it uome eb
commercially valuable. There Is n tureo bu
telling, however, how soon it may come
to take its place in equal competition a
with other branches of the science. It When
has lately been found that zinc-anti- Ical ases
mony and soft iron form very good op- years ag
posites, in place of copper and German William
silver, and will, if molded, into conve- aminatic
nient forms and placed in position, gen- hearts, i
brate quite a current. vealed tV
new Theory of Aurrl x.Mat. double Ir
The latest theory concerning the liood-p
anuse of the aurora borealis has been could eas
deduced from a careful analysis of that conull ea
light thrown through a spectroscope. ingtable
This unique experiment clearly es sondsable
tabliahes the fact that it is caused by
an electrical discharge among the c
particles of meteoric Iron dust con- France.
tained in the atmosphere.
The saeeme was "Franc.
SCitizen One-What do you think of streetcar
this income tax? "Well,
Chiten Two-- haven't made up my B7walk
mind yet. I've got to wait till the c ad
of the fiseal year and see whether Ire
gtany finome or not-Detroit Free "Then :
young ma
* . a have noticed a peculiar to give ha
thing about men who claim to be- tO keep
Hore in nothing. Record.
Juimpuppe-What is it?
SJasper--Thug ·lway. have an un- H ran
speakable belief in themselvea-Trah,* an other
" h of hisa ba :! .ae ape :atie `
erate sa a plat of hot wate ato Interval
peaple every two hboar s dg m ia inte
havibg e r·t were distributed in meals, a
Sgra to thiM taste of the patient, bit
o bread, veget.bis, milk or anyota
utolof food was allowed. The paa -
sea't vs a eM e of intelligenoe and
did everything toward the sucoess of
his treatment, managingus to drink are
9r ints of hot water during the
n eig detesed steadily. On '
dmission, September 91, it was 284
pounds; on October 2 it was 274 pounds; a
on November 18 it was 204 pounds, and ;
on December 4 it was 2464 pounds; At n
Christmas there was some latitude °
given in diet and the result was a c
prompt addition to his weight of seven
pounds, but by January 15 weight was i
reduced to 239 pounds. After four of
months' treatment the diet was modi
fied by the addition of two small shlies 0
of bread and butter at breakfast and T
supper and milk and sugar in his tea 0
night and morning. s t
ay On February 7 he returned to ordi
nary meat diet. such as other pa- ev
a ai- tients had, with the exception of ea
ent by potatoes. He then weighd 2384 pounds. or
the of Weight increased slightly for a time ap
after resuming ordinary diet; but on
ay March 21. when the patient left, heth
the l- weighed 23034 pounds, having lost over di'
s0 pounds in six months. The ulcer th.
Isis in healed within four weeks of his admis.- 1
ill thn lon, and pain and stiffness soon disap- p
then peared, permitting as much walking as fa
Tiis the space in Ithe ward would allow. sa
minte Weight remains the same (2803j pounds),
the man being now on ordinary diet, da
but drinking no beer. His health is
excellent.-London Lancet. Th
" att
UNIQUE SAW VISE. for
of
How an Irgeonous Carpenter Got Out of mo
a Dllemma, of
A good mechanic will generally have ride
his tools in good order, but through ac- ene
cident or the meddling of some care- The
less or ignorant individual, even a good ride
mechanic may find tools out of order of (
and requiring attention before they tur;
can be used. his
Our artist the other day sketched a Gre
carpenter who. evidently having be-- stat
come tired of a dull saw, resorted to vex,
the expedient illustrated. Not having ridd
a suitable vise at hand, he inserted his enc
ween
:owvel nigt
Sthe
toea thei
ound tribi
two 
'pper in let
are Tn e t
is of The
ms of thrn
:ed a poin
such 1,, name
th mae in an
aced ain g,
can The.
;ar " prove
meed arch'
e of icall
Jamne
s, it Arthi
a i'n those
tore ithos lette,
the AN EXTEMP6 D &AW vLsa. to the
and saw back downward in a kedr in the WVher
wn timber on which he was working, and (1Vha
as proceeded to file his saw as though it idea t
ere. were held in the most approved man. ut i
)fa ner"-Scientific American. "Ext
t is is hei
ie The Image on the Retnea, early
re Many years ago the rumor gained from 1
circulation In some circles that certain and
oe doctors had found pictures in the eyes Press.
of deceased men, which proved to be
ese the images of persons and things that W
tof they had last looked at before dying: A Neu
rc- and, further, that these doctors had
tea utilized their knowledge soas tohelp to Vhi
nd disoover a murderer by a post mortem move
examination of the eyes of the mur-' sound
dered person. Nothing seems to have leaves
come out of these rumors, exorpt a the tr
vague idea in the minds of reading them.
people that the eye of a dead man re- pig, v'
tains the image of the last thinglooked the he
at. The idea has been settled as an er Tick, t
roneous one. The retina becomes of a some
pale white color soon after death, and after I
the pellucid fluid in the cornea, which sharp,
does not exude in the living state, but it is
is constantly absorbed and.l renewed, Oberon
oozen out gradually after or a short mice.
time before death, and forms that ob- and our
Sscure film before the cornea which deo the we
stroys its transparency. enemy,
the wee
Proven by Photography. at home
tO A recent Ohio lawsuit, involving the The
te ownership of one thousand five hun- the larc
Sdred acres of valuable real estate, was open sl
settled by the aid of photography. The young
d turning point of the suit was as to pair gel
Swhether an old deed, executed seventy- will be
t five years ago, had five signatures or one cre
- only for. There were spaces for five, the ino
ia but only traces of four were visible. Ihadm
e Th lerk ofthe cort was orderedto usefulb
s hav thedeed photographed by an ex- formed
pert. He took it to Washington for rural p
that purpose. The negative developed Blackw,
some evidence of the missing signa
ture wbut on enlarging *it ten times the
Swhole name came forth distinctly. An of
?Man with a Double Heart, with nat
t When the MUercer county (N. .J.) Med- ous reve
yearsagoa colored Windividual named isn thea
veranes and the fact that his heart was chione
dosquares to go, anead o bthe latter asked: -Thof eru
"Franblood-pumpinge shall we walk or take the bles is sothare
g usually btwo dtin pulsations which withjetI
Wlcontrol over his doubled the lifttle girlne, e aolumn, innit
'ing able to stop its beating for sixty sementrr's m, p
"seonds withou consent!" elaime the was otherwist
yoiu an , Joyusly. " this seasook
"e," sand her ther. "It p n me In some oifew
Fto give her uhal but I realy or taketfford ferent blssor
street car¶"
B sMlty to Co1,t. sllre tate
o"Well, papa," replied quthe little girl, columns,
any other animal.
Ss y . •pleasure It is to olyve
.The po-sle ,,
adls ob e rre t a fa writi tn altebough
b rl who solves withe pusles and
a o d s i the of-woodrk isand morel, ple
aandeeafc oewel E altlepleveireris to solve
others and thof precblems eiving ur favorite mft W
Intsrval es or fewspapers. It is very good
in e nd the at the car our brains, too, and whean
S. a pri Is offered to the fortunate bo
St erses, girl whe first solves the puzerles of which form
noth a wfort- ksometes a nae and ismo oples
Sp- still in the anticipe. Theion of provingtter
e oneself a lettersle i ll everer than the ,
scenter o others and of reeivins, as a seam. The
t firun over the encrotic iapthe most an
of the psalmsent form of puzzling manknd,
lil, On Acrostic is Greek for a number of o
as 284 versthe fimorst notabletters of which form the
po ounds; a ord-somtimesa name and some
s and times a sentene. The final letter
ds At may form stanzas word, or, arespon Addiso tell
latitude us, the letters will even run down the tl
t was a center of the verses of , asatheseam. ebrheew a
of seven phabet poetsach soften make their verses
ght eihtauplets, nder the entfirse alphabet. Twelve
or four of the pslmsin thare ritten onthis plan, the
Smodsoriginal Hebrmost notable being tter
Sli beth, the hundred and nineteenth.
ast and This has twenty-two divisions of the Psal are called after
his te of stanzas, corresponding to the
twenty-two letters of the Hebrew al- th
to ordi- phabet. Each stanza is formed ol
her pa- eight eQuplets, and the first line of t1
lion of each couplet in the first stanza in the ai
ponds. origin ofl Hebrew beginacros withthe letter a
a time aleph, .the second commences with s
but on beth, the third with gimel and so on
Left, he through the alphabet. The English e
Thet over divisions of the Psalms are called after at
attributthe toebrew letter tat often in thecoup- ha
lformts. It was also cstomary to corn- ba
l ins pose verses on sacred subjects after the
kingas fashion of Hebrew acrostics. This PC
allow. asdone wiKoran, thavie stoaid the mbookem
ounds) ory, and such pieces were called abece- l.
y diet, darian hymns. In 1
slth The riddle is also of ancient origin. 15
The Proverbs of the Bible, or sacontaings
attributed to Solomon, are often in the aI'
form of riddles. Was it not the queen a v
of Sheba who proposed riddles to Solo- J
out of mon? The Koran, the scriptural book yea
of the MLohammedans, also contains out
y have riddles, as do some books now in exist- J
Lgh ac- ence, written in Arabic and Persian. the
care- The ancient Egytians also propoundled meI
a good riddles, and one of the seven wise men edu
order of Greece, who lived in the sixth cen- A
they tury 13. C'., was celebrated for ver
his riddles in verse. Homer, the in
hed a Greek poet, according to a yea
ig be-- statement in Plutarch. died of A
ed to vexation at not being able to solve a a to
laving riddle. In the middle ages riddles were wid
ed his encouraged for amusements on win ter to a
nights in the baronial hall and also in edu
the monastery. In later days some of
the most brilliant men of letters con- NA
tributed to the list of riddles.
The anagram, or transposition of the Ti
letters in words or sentences, was much M
in vogue in Greece in the olden times. noti
The Cabalists, or Jewish doctors, pulc
thought that the anagram always Ti
pointed out a man's destiny, and if his the
name written backwards or transposed in I
in any way spelled a word with mean- slav.
ing, they firmly believed it a revalation. IT
The flatterers of James I., of England, pigec
u proved his right to the British mon- horn
archy as the descendant of the myth- poin
ical KIcing Arthur,from his name Charles marl
James Stuart, which becomes claims A
Arthur's seat. The best anagramsaro over,
those which have in the new order of very
letters some signification appropriate conto
to that from which they are formed. Tir
the WVhen Pilate asked: "Quid est veritas?" ecnm
and (What is truth?) he probably had no stops
ph it idea that his question answered itself. lister
nan- But it did; the transposition made it takes
"Eat vir qul adest" (It is the man who I
is here). Anagrams were written as "US
early as 250 B. C., and their name comes 'mii
iued from the Greek words ana, backwards. wiltat
tain and gramma, written.-Philadelphia full of
eyes Press. on "V
>be "Antis
that WHEN THE NIGHT FALLS. etc. a
ing A New wVorld of Life Opens Under the a
had Front Archen. also
pt W1Vhat a number of creatures begin to Farme
tem move about when the night falls? The sheoun
ur- sound of their movements over the dead you gi
are leaves so plentifully scattered under where
t a the trees and bushes betrays some of Lrrz
lng them. That trotting rustle like a tiny how m
re- pig, with frequent pauses, comes from mornic
ked the hedgehog; so does that faint whine. Ysnk
er. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick! comes from Bill Ch
f some mice; then you hear a scramble, er lart
md after that short, sharp bounds and a "Da
ich sharp, eager cry. de Bib
but It is the weasel in full pursuit of be'n M.
ed, Oberon's long-tailed cattle, the wood de wild
ort mice. They will climb up the string UrsrT
,b. and out on the branches to get out of the say1
de. the way of their determined little "I've k
enemy, but it will not be much use, for do with
the weasel and the stoat are as much SEA a
at home in the trees ss eats are. uhu
he The hooting had ceased, and from
n- the larches two birds sail out over the "WA
as open space. It will be a bad job for great to
he young rabbit, mouse or frog. if that -Inter
to pair get sight of it, for one or the other Wma
y- will be sure to have it. In this way trust.
or one creature keeps within due limits
re, the inordinate increase of another. If A rrsE
te.I had my wish, the beautiful and most -Tammn
to useful birds should not be killed at all. WE thi
x- formed as they are to act the part of isacoy
or rural police when the night falls.-
u Blackwood's Magazine. th
a The Blaekr Serse Gown.
An effective trimming for a black "WIfAI
serge gown is black watered silk edged or, "bete
with narrow eru lace. The conspicu- is noise a
- ous revers are of watered silk, with the the aflict
iv lace finish, and the flaring cuff is treated M r
d in the same manner. The vest in these cannnot
E- serge gowns is either a black watered
a silk waistcoat.which fits in tailor-made "Mr to
- fashion, or it is a fluffy affair of black arepoint wproba'
a chiffon, crossed with parallel insertions pointwe'j
e of ecru lace. Gowns of black-faced "Mrss '
Scloth are charmingly trimnmed thisyear goes in f,
a with jet mingled with a touch of gold i she'd or
I passementerie. One fancy is to have "is the
- an infinitesimal band of the bright pas- your hus
sementerie outline the gores of the pect his st
otherwise sombre skirt. Black and
gold is a combination much in favor I1 order
this season.--N. Y. Vorld. he must be
-The scroll work of the early Ri- onTa scrna
bles is sometimes very beautiful. It is
usually brought up between the two "Btohn
columns, and, turning at top and bet- thne
tom, passed around the ends of the
printed matter. • I Wan a
complant.
-Picture printing in many colors aneswspa
wa first employed in 1836 for render- ' nd
ing books attractive by George Baxter I o
In some of the illustrations twenty dif- ofbeing t
ferent blocks were employed for r
many colors. 86rm p0
-Lrfe tr an over-crowded ear to vha at
Where tote ne either make or mar.
1iose who get seats usurp the " as t"Wnra
WheO lackless souls mths cling stras.
- I-~rkae Traveler,
Ty * "Great Mogal"-weght, ý 30 es
tarts; value, £40oo 000,
Tniz "Koh-i-mooe"--weight;, out p10
pazles . carets; value, £140,000.
although T-s "Orlof"--weight,  19 c arats;
40d eeme eolor, perfet; value, £100,0000
sage and Tau "Pam"-weight, uncut, 112 car
metal, s ota; cut, 55 carats; value, 2,000.
to solve Tas "Pitt" or "Regent"-welght, uan
to maga- cut, 410 carats; cut, 1383 carats; value,
ery good £480,000.
ad where Tan "Mratan" (belonging to rajah of
mate boy Matan) - weight, 367 carats; value.
mazles oi £270,000.
ore pleas- Tu "Blaraganza"-owned by Portu
proving gal; weight, in rough, 1,080 carats,
han the value, £5,500,000.
tost an- Tan "Jagersfontein Excelsior"-re
nankind cently found, weight, uncut, 099% ear
mber of ots; color, blue-white, estimated value
h foerm when cut, £500,000.
lettmer CHINA BRIC-A-BRAC.
ona tells C .rta has an academy of manners
awn the that prescribes etiquette for the whole a
n. The empire. b
r verses I China jailers are supported by t,
iTlT e contributions from the prisdners and b
i an, their friends.
eteenth. A MEDICINAL agent is found in the h
Livisions cockroach of southern China, and B
to the therefore this insect is considered sa-. i
)rew al- cred. A
med of A CHINESE encyclopedia, which in B
line of the Chinese comprises five thousand K
in the and twenty volumes, is about to be g
e letter added to the library of the British mu- o
s with adum.
id so on Oven four millions of rdible dogs are
English annually sacrificed to delight the pal- V
rd after ates of the Chinese. These animals w+
lecoup- have bluish-black tongues and never de
o com- bark. ve
Iter the ci
This POOR BOYS AND PRESIDENTS. an
abea- ANDrEW JACESO was born in a log gf
ab - but in North Carolina, and was raised be
origin. In the piny wood.
ayins MU.LIARD Fl'ILLMORIE was the son of
in the a New York farmer and his house was toc
queen a very humble one. an
a Solo- JAMEs K. POLK spent the earlier
.1 book years of his life helping to dig a living Bu
ntains out of a new farm in North Carolina. ale
exist- Jouxl ADAMS, second president, was the
!rsian. the son of a farmer of very moderate Stc
'unded means. The only start he had was his prc
men education. cox
- cen- ADnIAIAM LIxcoLNx was the son of a me
I for very poor Kentucky farmer, and lived
the in a log cabin until he was twenty-one Ha,
o a years of age. the
I of AnnrEW JoHnsox was apprenticed to loa;
olve a a tailor at the age of ten years by his
were widowed mother. He was never able
-inter to attend school, and picked up all the
Iso in education he ever got.
me of
s con- NATURAL HISTORY WONDERS.
f the THE greyhound runs by sight only.
much MANY birds seem to have a correct bri
imes. notion of a gun's range, and are scrn- pill
etors, pulously careful to keep beyond it.
ways THERE is a species of ant, known as
if his the black or negro ant, which is taken till
dosed in battle by other ants to be made
sean- slaves.cm
.tion. IT is conjectured that the carrier e0fc
land, pigeon flies his hundreds of miles tie
non- homeward by eyesight, noting from
syth- point to point objects that he has Sto
aries marked.
aims A ooosu was never yet fairly run
s are over, nor a duck. They are under the "I
er of very wheels and hoofs, and yet they E
riate contrive to flap and waddle safely off clut
med. This lonely woodpecker, when be de- mons
as?" ecends from his tree and goes to drink, cine
d no stops several times on his way and
self. listens and looks around before he
le it takes his draught.
whoIl
i as "4Us. INFORMATION" is the title of a
-e m bphlet u eJust rceivd from the Prickly Ash
d itter Co., ofstl. ous, o. Anexamination
wrs. illshow it to beall its name implies. it is
phin full of "Useflulnformpation." The chapters
on What to Do in Case of Accidents,"
"Antidotes for Poisons," "Health Hints,"
etc., are most valuable and are written in a
p lain English, common-sense manner, avoid
Smedicaterms as much as possible. It
also contains "Useful information for
Sto Farmers, Housewives," etc. Itis a book that
should be in every house in the land. Write
The the firmabove named for a copy, and when
ead you get it read it attentively and keep it D
der where it can easily be ound intime of need. o
s ot Lor IN PxzEN CaREK.--Barber-, some A
in how my razor doesn't seem to cut wellthis Da
, morning," Col. Whipsawv (of the Hattie
snake _anch] - "Use my Bowie, podner;
e. You'll nd that all . K. I tried the ed e on
om Bill nChaparejo last n ight when he said I was
ale, erliar l"-Texas Siftings.
d a "D fuste highway robber mentioned in
deo Bible, said Uncle 'itistus, "mus' a'
of be'n Moses. He held up a brazen sarpent in
uod do wilde'ness.'--Chicago Tribune.
ng UPTreolrE--"D6 you take any stock in
of the saying that money talksl"m lrontpew
t"ve known it to-er-have omething to
for do with calls preach."-Buff Courier.
cl EA airroughens the skin. Use Glenn's
il's Hair and Whisker Dye, 10 cents.
he "WA' T would you want first if you had a
or greatfortunel" Creedlcy-",A bigger one."
at -InterOcan.
e Waslsva there is love there will e
 A rsusn is known by the money he keeps.
st -Tammsny Times.
L. WE think the funniest thing in the world
Si"s a coy old thing.-Atchison Globe.
- LrV bv the day, even though you work by
the month. There are no to-morrows that
you know of.--Tamznny Times.
"i "VaisTfs the diference" said the profess
Id or, "between music and noisel" "ractice
the aificted.-TCincr-ati Tbune
SMA.Y college_ boys can scan Latin who
.e cannnot scandcinavzan.-Tammany Times.
are probably comatose. If you canseethe
k point we'll put a period to this.
"Mrss Twrrrn is one of the women who
goes In for dress reform.," "Dear m s, now
if she'd only never come out again.",
pect his stenogrmpher.,"E. ... pe--
- i- order to get the wild oats out of a boyi
he must be thrshbed.
..n a c .in.da.- nsany- Times.
W :aiymet7 gi bens to talk of , THE
iT ofs haens that fer is mlydre
of beingafaij
36 have a . ke
"Wa~e *." 7cs~06~sb' i O
'),' ~ ~ ~ a Si- LtO 015 S.
i*AP
Economy requires that in every receipt calling
for baking powder the Royal shall be used. It
will go further and make the food lighter, sweeter,
of finer flavor, more digestible and wholesome.
ROYAL AAKING POWDER CO., 10 WALL ., N&W YOK.
ee ra Jimmie Jones was mistaken
hole iabout his brother being a college graduate.'
SMamma-"Whyv what makes you think sot"
w - "Woll, papa said they always know every- I
thing and he couldn't even tell what our
y baoywas cryin' about."-Inter Ocean.
the CrrAw Tnvusr-"That young Dumleigh
Shas got more money than sense." Dulham
ad Bluntly-,l didn't know he was rich.!' Cute
tin Thrust--" He 'in't."--uck. r
Always On Time and Ahead of the Times
Sin Seems to be the motto of the John A.
and Salzer Seed Co., of La Crosse, Wis., whose
be general manager, Mr. Henry A. Salzer, is
now scouring the celebrated farm districtJ
mu- of Russia, France, England, Germany, Bo
hemia, Belgium, Italy, etc., in search of new
and rare varieties of farm seeds as also
vegetable and flowerseed novelties. Mr.
l- zer is thoroughly acquainted with the
al wants of the American farmer and gar
,.r dener, and he will be sure to obtain the
very vest that Europe has to offer.
The John A. rSaler Seed Co. makes a ape
ealty of seeds for the farm and garden,
r$. and is the introducer of more new varieties
of wheat, oats, potatoes, vegetable and for
og aseplants than all western seedmen com
sed bmned.
"'Yoxe Mrs. Eaton seems to take a great
interest in all the current events." Mrs.
o Grasply-'Great goodness, why not! She
ras took the prize last year for both the jelly
and pie."
cr Banish Care,
ng But do it consistently wisely, and not with
alcoholic stimulants, out by the reinforce
ment of energy, the renewal of appetite and
~ the ability to diest, which Hostetter's
it Stomaech hitterrs, oremost among tonics,
is produces. Malarila, rheumatism, kidney "
complaints, constipation and nervousness V
aren conquered by this victor over many ail
d "Is Hc?'s wife a nice housekeeper?' Mr.
ne Hacks-- Vell, I should say so. WhVh half at
the time Haicks can't ind inything that be
o longs to him.'-Demoiest's aMagazine.
tis -__
de
DIFFERENT n Es
t brng different methods The g, bukyl
e pills such as our grandfathers had to pt up u
with won't do to-day. Medical scisos has
gone beyond than. It has given some
s thing better-Dr. Pieroc's kassnut Peett;
n tiny as mustard seeds, but more effecti
Le than anything you can take. That's be
ause their method are mom aauraL
Thy have a peculiar strMengthenlng or tonlo
SI effect on the ulning membranes of the intes
, tines, which giveasapermaes.n cure. ia
Spvent, reieve, and put an .d to Bfliot -
n m, Constd Jaundice Dizziness, SouroN
Stomach, ico Bilious fead lati'i
getion, and every like disorder.1
e p"Incurable"-ceaine of Catarrh are ennui,
° e.ater hemedy. The makers O thiss a
edue guaraated it to benefit or curo
money refunded. By all dealers inmadj"
and
Davis' Cream Separator Churn, power A
hot water and feed cooker combined.
Agents wanted. Send for circular. All mu
sizes Hand Cream Separators, 1s
D avis a ankin B. 1 M. Co. ChicagO. usl
THE TUB THAT STAHD5
ai ON ITh OWN BOTTOM
in
to
'SOAP
soLa EVERYwaHER
-THE N.K.FAIRBARiNK GOPAI sT.os
S REMOVAL SALE OF PIANOS AND ORGANS.
n oK mew. an. d me A 0. S, ie
a & ""I " edS. i1on [I-p --11" -_, ,mU .wa.
at time purnet. ste oi si rbtn aut .
zre. remuhr bl jI Ohr tn ttT.iif' !t jrIý Ut o hi nesf O sbo td.
WREN=CH JO A ORGN . OP. 0.. ,,, o HS, EE.
i WHISKY
..a UIMABEIT CURED ATHOME
*a hothtn slye.e eY aeLt Ooet.tum Book ot1 1 nor
teivm ee.. e10 00 t ermds tese a list: 3 uee C
rob eo .... Iaa 500 Ofeit. 4?5 Poplev Street
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE DEOlAUes
THE COOK HAD NOT USEb
- iO·L IO
L,..uv .po ++. ,.a.- o .
ken The Ladles.
o!a which ldiesrma ausethb California liquid
our makes it their favorite remedy. To ge the
true and genuine article, look for the name
the bottom f ta he pak .
,ut- Tan are two many people in the world
who mistake laziness for dignity.-Cle
land Plaindealer.
A. saws Catarh Cam
-so Is a Constitutional Cure. Price The.
'10 IT is not strange thatrtove manufacturers
Bo- should he ,res by aror for the grate
Iso
;ho $3 SHU . fI?.
Pe- I  .e. lss
td .es eaa stve m`4er Fy wealas the
n- $ ,.LoOWNIE,. sor m m.
d *!ea w nve atle b.s0 b heering the
Salsm le e e tto
5. md.Ima.n-spoeau. Ouaoesaurl uas
rwe r tem ol rsa ow
tIhe alu rea - a an oth e malke e slie eati
3
THE plROOl C...,,
_d VSU5aney ey aemring Nse
I m lir,,qls.u to.-b r o
W. . L. Dglarso m "a ree
,rss f
Walub MplNe s. s CtI
PUPILS E obot m ee bpelce .aa
In . ` aaprote. Oss abase eql emb
F hansom cato u, ddre. lt.-woe r to .
If etitute._Ifurdeeersscar.a" e
- "8E -RpupI t. ts wou,. on·otunt ton
aer- nAo wsdale.s; orv3]Ear st 103 ·I ,w york
PPwho ave wek lnTrl es or AKsth- g
Lust hould us PlIO' Cunr for
s oumptUon. It DRS TSed
ia nsosy. It hlas not lnaJur b
S tebst couga sTruor
A. IN . K., F. 1611
WHE woIINe, io AKvnoTbadto Parke
elate that  . maw tohe Advertismeet .s tisa
--iIn( Ell dnnnI.C·IPC:
• ,~n