,o , the John A. Salseir
Crosse, Wis., with 10oo postage, ou will
V Eample package of Early Bird Bad
(ready in 16 days) and their great
Sastalog. Catalog alone soqpostage.tu
SNerves
orlp..a 0M be blood for sastensann
it b~aa the blood is impure they are
fed and nervous prostration
tu l make pure blood, take
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
.-e OcesTrue Blood Prlifer. t1; 6a or 5.
lood's Pills r" abitual coatipa-.
P Lstion. Price 25 cents.
KNOWLEDGE
hrlags comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
<es. expenditure, by more promptly
 adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
lazxtive principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
Sative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millionaand"
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
'ey , Liver and Bowels without weak
Sening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
giL st in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
.factured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. .nly whose name is printedon every
p,selxhag, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
-nd being well informed, you will not
,accept any substitute if offered.
Cotton.
u~" care';.i  )tation of
Qeps andt :;..'! ti rtilizations,
cotrncn lrtd, 1V .; im;.prove. The
application of Iroper ferti
lizer containing sufficient Pot
ash often makes the difference
between a profitable crop and
failure. Use fertilizers contain
-i-gy ort less than 3 to 4%
A.t Potash.
'iainta . .::':ilete specific
against L " ust
Our pn hlets are not advertising circulars boomn
g s~-ea l i ut e practical works, contain
e riesults of latest experiment. in this line.
=.,q=e uton farmer should have a copy. TheV are
or theasking.
GERMAN KALT WORKS,
oa Nassau St.. New Yo.k.
----- --------------- "
-The Strongest Proof
of the superiority of
Charter Oak
Stevesah d Ranges is
their recordof nearly
half of a cendery.
Others bae eaee L
sme goe, bot the s
·twm with as and
mo- p-pae than '
L AT and ee Efar t.,-- a.,
a, or les maso.eewt*a.
EA~·~TS m~r, '~N
White Washing
Done
Everywhere
wath
. Ma , * . Lu .
ai son, Is
ofrm "'rý.. , s'
only whtte a - . of the eapedtion
for th reie f mI:.isa have just
erected a ba~t le.h1 BtlKHomr church
to the- oiory "oftheir cosarade, Sr
n Park. -
Freich football is Improving- The
Racing club of Paris recently beat a 15
of Oxford men a$ the Rugby game-at
Levallois-Perret by one try to nothiig,
while the Olympique club beat the same
15 in the Bois de Boulogne by a goal to
a try.
Three hundred and eighty-six dis
tinct libel suits have been begun by as
many priests against the Paris Journal
on account of an article reflecting on the
clergy of the Hautes Pyrenees. Each
priest asks for $20 damages, and if they
win, the result of each lawsuit will be
printed in five newspapers of Toulouse,
as many of Bordeaux and in 12 news
papers in the department.
PERSONAL GOSSIP.
Mrs. Reed, wife of the speaker: of the
house, does not go out in society this
winter because of the death of her
mother, which occurred last summer.
Mr. Reed's daughter, who is a sweet.
looking blonde, was "out" last winter
and is among the gay set this year.
Prince MIenry of BIattenberg, who
goes with the Ashantee expedition, has
taken the precaution to insure his life
for $500,000, so that if he is struck
down by an African assegai, meeting
the same fate which befell the prince
imperial of France, his family will not
be left in destitution.
Lord Salisbury is a vastly rich man.
lie received $1,000,000 for his property
in the Strand, he derives an immense
income in the shape of untaxed ground
rents in London and in the country,
and while in office as prime minister he
receives the pay attached to the office,
and while out of office the pension of an
ex-cabinet minister.
AT THE JEWELERS.
A cut glass inkstand with silver
mounts, much favored this season, is
square in form.
Rings for men continue to be richly
carved aund chased, Indian style, with
stones imbedded.
The silver skirt grip, a practical de
vice for securing the back of the skirt
to the belt, recommends itself to tidy
women.
Zone-shaped belt clasps, incrusted
with small stones and receiving addi_
tional enrichment from colored enam
els, lend distinction to the simplest
evening gown.
Silver pen extractors are a new ac
cessory for the writing desk this sea
son, and, although small, are strong
enough to extract the most stubborn
pen from its holder and fill a long-felt
want.
The present mania for Louis XV.
styles has added to the sumptuotlsness
of the modern woman's jewel case, for
many of the brooches, coronets and
watches are copies of the old court
jewelry.
NEWSPAPER WAIFS.
Not Literal.-"Teacher--"If a boy
smites you on the right cheek, what
should you do?"' Dick lHicks--'Give it
to him with me left."-Puck.
Edith-"I'm in a quandary!" Isabel
-"fJow is that?" Edith'-"Tom prom
ises to stop drinking if I marry him,
and Jack threatens to begin if I dnr.'t.'
-Tit-Bi ts.
Miss Pert--"Is Miss Strait Lace cir
cumspect?" 'Miss Caustic-"Circum.
spect! Why, she won't accompany a
young man on the piano without a
chaperon."-Salem Gazette.
In Chicago.-Visitor---"'Where is it
that man lives? Must be outside the
city limits, isn't it?" Resident-"Out
side the what?" Visitor-"The city
limits." Residente-"We haven't any."
--Puck.
A French confectioner, proud of his
English and wishing to let patrons
know that their wants should be at
tended to at once, without any delay,
put out the sign: "Short WVeights
lHere."-Harper's Drawer.
Parson-"I married Smithers to his
first wife and hlie gave me $50. When
I nmarried him to his second he gave me
five dollars." W'iggles-"HIe knew
nmore about matrimony the second
time, I guess."--Ilarper's Bazar.
"'Have a paper?" bawled a newsboy
to an old gentleman from the country
on all* avenue. "No hurry, sonny.
Perh 'after you have read it I'll
glance over it," and as he passed down
the street he muttered: "Nice folks,%
these Austin people; so polite to a
stranger."-Texas Siftings.
A great deal more honey would be
consumed in the cities if the unadul
terated article could be procured and
its purity rouched for.
II FARNRI LANTER
9I" THE MER'S PROFESSION.
ela be a Bwarmer," buat N"sws
Can neot ber a 0ie4 armer."
The time -haa come when the wcrd
" profession, as applied to the farmers'
business, means something. The old
saying, that "'any fool cap be a farm
; er," is true, but there is a great and In
P creasing force of truth'in the modern
" maxim that "a fool can not be a good
t " rmer." Any fool can be a lawyer,
i and a large percentage of the idiots
that cumber the earth have undoubt
edly reached out in that direction, but
a the close, hard work of the professions
5 requires a well-trained brain in a
t sound body. The lawyer destitute
of energy or sense goes to the wall
Sand is laid to a flnancial rest in the
fame last ditch with the incom
petent farmer, and the same blan
ket of debt covers their unfortu
nate remains. Farms are no more
l properly asylums for human failures
than law offices, dissecting rooms, or
the thronged halls of commerce and
trade. Farming has become an occu
pation for brains as well as muscle.
Inventive genius has turned the busi
ness bottom unward and inside out
during the last 50 years. The true
philosophic spirit which first saw day
in -Lord Bacon is .turning a flood of
light upon every principle and detail
of the farmers' vocation, from the proc
esses of plant life to the killing of po
tato bugs. That spirit of inquiry, of
research, of painstaking investigation
is constantly at work, undermining
and blowing up popular humbug, lay
ing firmly and deeply in right reason
I and sound sense the foundations of
I agricultural science, and running
leads in every direction for the
golden grains of truth that may eprich
aind beautify the farmers' profession.
r For farming is a profession. It was
t not in the middle ages when tillers of
the soil were looked upoinas a liuman s
vermin and christendom applauded s
, Ignorance and knightly butchery; it is t
not to-day in Mexico, where a forked
stick serves as a plow and where it is f
almost a sin against the Holy Ghost to
have a new idea. But in this country,
where intelligent labor is honored,
and where laboratories and- colleges n
and experiment stations and newspa- f
pers and the active brains of the farm- n
ers' themselves are constantly moving
the business to a higher and `'roader s
plan it is a profession of such possibili- d
ties that no man should take its-name t
lightly. It requires health; eziergy, ,
knowledge, sense and grit to be a good r
farmer. I do not believe that a natural a
taste for business is absolutely nec- c
essary for the successful farmer. A c
man can be a good minister, or book t
agent, or politician, or woman's rights b
man, even if he doesn't like it. There p
may be a little, waste of talent, pqr- A
haps, in the clash of -sentiment, but o
grit can fill that gap and the man sue- e
ceed. Poets may be born to their in- i
herithnce of imagery and song, but the ,
farmer who is born into the reguire- y
ments of his -business is as scarce as a
angels among the business men of Chi
cago. A business lile farming, which i(
gives play to taste, fancy, invention, q
originality in thinking and working, b
can safely be called a profession. The u
man who pounds stones upon the high- b
way has no profession. There is noth- b
ing in the business to call into play
his mental powers, and but few of -
his physical. The workers in the s
mills and factories of_ the coun- t
try move in the deepest and nar- r
rowest ruts of mechanical monotony.
Numberless farmers drifting around in ,
the backwaters of by-gone practices i,
and ideas have no profession, but the
active, progressive, thinking man, who t
finds in the accumulated knowledge of t
agriculture food for his memory, and a
in the changing seasons and fluctuat- d
ing markets, the ups and downs of the ,
commercial barometer, subjects for his is
reason, and in the unexplored myser- N
ies of the soil subjects for enthusiastic t
research, has a profession for which no I
abilities are too great, and no mental
culture can be too thorough. The
farmers' profession has the same in
herent nobility that any other respect- o
able occupation has and no more. g
Honest labor in any calling, whether tl
in making shoes, selling calico, editing k
newspapers, preaching the gospel, o
courting a girl, driving mules, or run- O
ning a great railroad corporation has b
the same stamp of Divine approval. - p
H. C. Adams, in Farmer's Review. b
THE BENEFICENT LEGUME.
Grow Clover and TYo Can Grow Corn In a
Abundance. G
Corn delights in a fruitful soil, easily b
penetrated by the heat of the sun, of a
ash-heap looseness, and with abun
-hnce of vegetable matter. Fresh up
land and stream alluvial excel. Sys
tematic farming with clover attains it.
Grain-selling pioneers mostly omitted
renovating crops, and ruined the soil g
If the product of the land is fed to o
stock that will give the most profit
from it, and every drop of manure i,
saved, not only will the land yield reg- 1
ular, paying crops, but grow more pro- y
ductive and valuable, through the ap u
plied manure and clover roots. WVhere n
lands refuse to yield paying crops,
they may be restored to evenk
more than virgin fertility by growing a
clover regularly, and fresh lands can
ha',.- their fertility retained by the
same method. There is no excuse i
these days for letting a farm run
down, which by means of clover or
other legumes, the treasures of air and
subsoil can be drawn upon. "One meal
does not make the goat fat," however, c'
nor does one sowving of clover make the "
poor land rich. Good things come slow.
Persevere If clover is handled right
and the second crop is carried over as
a winter mulch and turned under, it
will certainly produce such markedef- di
feet and improvement on subsequent M
crops as te awaken a deep interest, by 01
giving the facilities that are so much c
needed. el
A few years ago agricultural writers a
were pouring into our ears something eC
like this: "'There is no royal road to
anent success short of actually a
- ingthe soil with plant food in c
oome form. We must actually obtain qi
proper material from somewhere else cr
outside, and put on the soil (plant food)
.wen crops fall off in yield." But qi
.ese science has demonstrated that
tha legumes to draw their supply of is
nitrogen, the costliest element from
the air and causes its fixation in the in
soil, and the long, strong ribts of D
clover go far into the subsoil for w
needed mineral matter, bringing it to be
the surface, we find some of the to
former alarmists actually writing v
like this: "'If the soil will produce Id
naturatlly any kind of vegetable an
.irQ 5 w o row cow Peae II
and them clove, and may certatuly be
improved from its own resources by
feeding its product on the land or by
turning under green manures." Isnot
that a somewhat singular chancet
Yet in the main it is true. And, to
d speak within bounds, the only wonder
to me is, it. does not create an excite
menat. The discovery of gold in
California is nothing to compare with
it. It is applicable almost anywhere.
Yet, on the whole, there is but a feeble
scramble to obtain its rich offerings.
The officee of the legume is yet to realize
the grand intention of its Creator-to
s refill again the world with fruitful
soil. Its failure of appreieation in the
past is only to be regarded in the light
of ignorance of its ability. Its
a "feebly groping about" stage is past.
° Its ultimate victory will not be acci
dental The past has in a limited way
° demonstrated its vitality and htility.
The present is proving its elasticity and
capabilities. The future shall behold
its triumph. Is your land poor and
have you never known the "sweets" of
a reasonable wealth or having known,
Slost, and would gladly recover it again
if you could? The legume is the "open
sesame." It is not a new-born verdure
staying briefly, but tried. It will be
so to speak, only too glad to help you
if you give it proper conditions and
pe ersevere and concentrate. Will you
f sit down and be "snowed under,"
wailing for conditions to change?
Times have changed. Conditions
have changed, men are changing and
soils are being changed under the
renovating influence of leguminous
i plants. When it comes to measuring
I fertilizing strength for cost we find the
legume wagging the betteragriculture
north and south. What nature has
done for one she will do for another
under like circumstances. Do not
hesitate to employe legumes for feed
ing soil and feeding animals. Experi
ence has shown that they can feed
both in the most economical manner
and with the best results. It will
surely pay you to test them next
spring. Lest my communication prove
too long I will defer the consideration
of the corn crop as following clover
for another article-Southern Farm.
Did You Ever Look at It This Way?
If one hires a farm hand by the
month, and keeps him idle three or
four months in the year, people would
make uncomplimentary remarks about
"a fool and his money," etc., and if he
should explain that a long rest would
do the laborer good; that he would
thereby produce more when he did
work: that his general health required
rest for at least one-third of his time,
and that he only hired him t"3 plow
corn, and did not know whe her he
could feed pigs, or dig potatoes.. would
that mend the matter any? Would not
his neighbors seriously consider the
propriety of an inquirendo de Ihnatico?
And yet these same neighbors-or some
of them-do the same thing by substi
tuting their land for the farm hand.
They have fertile fields, but they lay
idle for four or five months during the
year. They do not reflect that it is just
as bad economy to keep idle land, on
which taxes must be paid, as to keep
idle men whose wages must be paid.
True, both the land and the man may
be the better for a little rest. But the
man does not take to his bed to rest,
but goes hunting and fishing, and thus
by the stimulant of recreation pre
pares himself for more productive la
bor. The field, when not producing,
should be preparing for production by
the recreation of being plowed, har
rowed, drained or fertilized, as occa
sion may require. Why should a piece
of good, healthy ground lay around
idle all winter and spring for the pur
pose of raising a crop of sweet pota
toes in the summer and fall, any more
than the laborer should lazy around
all the first part of the year waiting to
dig them? While the laborer is idle his
wages must be paid; while the land is
idle taxes are not. Why not keep both
man and land busy? It is bad economy
to keep them otherwise.-Farm and
Ranch.
Geese for Market.
If the old geese are active and vigor
ous, do not keep any of the young
geese for next year, unless to add to
the flock, but send them to market and
keep the old geese, for the reason that
only young geese are salable in market.
Old geese can be better killed and
buried on the farm than to pay trans
portation on them, as they will really
be given away in market, owing to
lack of buyers. I'en up the young
geese about two weeks before selling,
and feed three times a day on bran,
corn-meal and ground oats, scalded,
but give a mess of chopped clover once
a day. They will then be fat if sent
to market, and also bring good prices.
-Southern Farmer.
HERE AND THERE.
-WVhenever a meat animal ceases to
gain in flesh it is kept at a loss, and is
constantly eating up previous profits.
-Before purchasing a thermometer
invert the instrument; the mercury
should fall to the end in a solid "stick."
If it separates into several small col
umns, the tube contains air, and will
not register accurately.
-Mr. Wheeler, an old and well
knowvn citizen of Corsicana, Tex., and
an experimenter in fish and poultry
culture, has successfully used the in
cubator in hatching carp spawn. This
is a novel use for the artificial hatcher.
-A French-Normandy dairyman gets
the highest price paid in London for
butter. He has no fancy breed of
cows and no superior appliances for
making butter. His stock in trade is
the most scrupulous cleanliness from
the cow to the packing tub.
-In very severe winter weather
fowls should be kept closely housed all
day and all night, if necessary, to pre
serve their combs. Give them plenty
of straw, and plenty of grain to scratch
for, and they will be all right. How
ever, they may be turned out in the
sunshine for an hour or two the cold
est weather.
-Horses require a considerable
amount of bulky food with the con
centrated grain ration; but too great a
quantity of coarse fodder or hay
crowds the digestive organs, shortens
wind, and is really worse than not
quite enough. The practice of giving
work horses all the hay they can stud
into themselves is not a good one.
-There is no profit in keeping hogs
in a mud hole during cold weather.
During a recent country jaunt the
writer saw pork hogs wading in mud
belly deep, and in this they had
to sleep while the cold north wind
went howling by. When accosted on
the subject one of these hog owners
said: "I have another pen to put them
in when this one .et4 tqo bad,"
f aWtaAu WOS Wo UulW.zuVAMIA.
The V armers of Pennsylvania are to
be eongratulated. M. M. Luther, East
* Troy, Pa., grew over 200 bushelsa al
Sse's Silver Mine Oats on one measured
e acre. Think of itl Now there are
a thirty thousand farmers going to try
P. and beat Mr. Luther and win $200 in
a gold! and they'll do it. Will you?
i Then there is Silver King Barley,
6. cropped on poor soil 116 bus. per acre
a in 1895. Isn't that wonderful-and
I. corn 230 bus. and potatoes and grasses
* and clovers, fodder plants, etc., etc.
0 Freight is cheap to all points.
1 IF YOU WILL CUT THIS OUT AND sn-D
it with 10o postage to the John A. Bal
Szer Seed Co., La Crosse, Wis.. you will
" receive their mammoth catalogue and
ten packages grains and grasses, in
eluding above oats, free. (x.)
"Tars is a sad occaslo for you, sister,"
essayed the comforter. "I allow it is," as
Sented thewidow. "'But i.tis a heap sadder
for Bill."--ndianapolis Journal.
SDeafness Cannot Be Cared
by local applications, as they cannot reach
the diseased portion of the ear. There is
l only one way to cure deafness and that is
by constitutional remedies. Deafness is
caused by an inflamed condition of the mu
cous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Wha
this tube gets inflamed you have a rumbUlrf
sound or imperfect hearlng, and when it is
entirely closed deafness is the result, and
unless the inflammation can be taken out
and this tube restored to its normal con
dition, hearing will be destroyed forever;
nine cases out of ten are caused by catarrh,
which is nothing but an inflamed condition
of the mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for
any case of Deafness (caused by catarrh)
a that, canno e be oed Hall's Catarrh
Cur~ . Send for circulars, free.
- F. J. CHssE Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Drngglsts, 75c.
SHll's Family Pl are the best.
Tamsa would not hbe any absolute necs
sit for reserve it the world were honest;
yet even then it would prove expedient
Shenstone.
The Gift of a Good Stomach
I Is one of the most beneficent, donations
vouchsafed to us by nature. How often it
is grossly abused I Whether the stomach is
naturally weak, or has been rendered so by
imprudence in eating or drinking, Hostel.
ter's Stomach Bitters is the best agent for
its restoration to vigor and activity. Both
digestion and appetite are rene'wed by this
fine tonic, which also overcomes constipa
tion, biliousness, malarial, kidney and
rheumatic ailments and nervousness.
SuransTrrzows are, for the most part, but
the shadows of great truths.-Tryon Ed
wards.
irs.--All Fits stopped free by Dr. Kline's
Great Nerve Restorer. No Fits after first
day's use. Marvelous cures. Treatise and 89
trial bottle free to Fit cases. Send to Dr.
Kline, 981 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pa.
Tna man who drinks too. much may not
be successful in life, but he is continually
getting atead.
I Aar entirely cured of hemorrhage of lungs
by Piso's Cure for Consumption.-LouasA
LINDAMAN, Bethany, Mo., Jan. 8, '91.
Tahs is the course of every evil deed,
that, propagating, still it Irings forth evil
Fon relieving .TnROAT DISEAsEs Amn
CouGas, use "Brown's ibronchlal Troches."
A TrnANT never tasteth of true friend
ship, nor of perfect liberty.-)Diogenes.
Tnw safe flew open, and there inside
A receipted gas bill lay,
The baffd burglar shook his head
"I've come alittle too late I" he said,
And he mournfully turned away.
-Chicago Tribune.
Mns. Brsoo-"I wish you would tell that
servant girl that we don't require her any
more." Bingo-"Certainly, my dear. (Later
to servant) Bridget, Mrs. Bingo wants to
see you."'-Life.
UP'ov the unjust and the just
Alike the rain doth fall;
But the unjust frequently purloin the
good umbrellas of the just
And don't get wet at all.
-Philadelphia Record.
"THAT whisky is fifteen years old. I
know it, because I've had it that long my
self." The Colonel-"By jove! sir, you
must be a man of phenomenal self-control."
-Life.
Tnn bonds most sought for by a duke
With mortgaged patrimony
Invariably you will find
Are those of matrimony.
-N. Y. Recorder.
HARD LIJss.-"They say he hadn't a
penny when he married. How, then, has
he managed to keep a wife?" "He has kept
her in suspense, probably."-Detroit Free
Press.
TnH most insignificant people are the
most apt to sneer at others. They are safe
from reprisals, and have no hope of rising
in their own esteem but by lowering their
neighbors.-Hazlitt.
"A wooD-sAwIax contest by women i"
That seems up-to-date and quite pat
The "sawing," I hear, was successful
But the "'say nothing" part, how was
that?
-N. Y. Recorder.
"IT is hard to believe that a man is tell
ing the truth when you know you would lie
were you in his place."-Boston Tran
script
WE always have time enough, if we wilt
but use it aright.-Goethe.
Here You Are! -
The DeLONG pstent
Hook and Eye
stays fastened
until you undo it
yourself.
hump?
Hichardeon snh, Lons
Braa, dpaltaelphis
borrowing from health.
P ~ If you have borrowed from
.4ý health to satisfy the demands
of business, if your blood is
not getting that constant
supply of fat from your food
it should have, you must
pay back from somewhere,
and the somewhere will be
from the fat stored up in
the body.
The sign of this borrowing is thinness; the result, nerve
waste. You need fat to keep the blood in health unless you
want to live with no reserve force-live from hand to mouth.
ScoTT's EML.sxoN of Cod-liver Oil is more than a medicine.
It is a food. The Hypophosphites make it a nerve food, too.
It comes as near perfection as good things ever come in this
world.
Se warraVeUfi Sw,. ZWrUAff m est.t em snat II and ue a chajs auStitst.
cott & Bown., Now York, Au Drugm as s 4s , od s Si,
I rf
MISTER!YOUYVE
DROPPED YOUR
BotPetlex 17
A GREAT-5IG PIECE FOR
140 CENTS -
e, :o
Not the General nor President, but the lover,
the man, the husband and neighbor. Three of
such articles by General A. W. Greely, the
famous Arctic explorer, will shortly begin in the
LADIES' HOME JOURNAL
OVER 70o,ooo COPIES SOLD
Ten Cents on All News-stands. One Doflar a Year
WANTED Agents to look after renewals and new
subscribers. Profitable employment offered.
The Curtis Publishing Comspany, Philadelphia
PYI MT, 11 TE CUrrI" PIIMING COMPANY
WEBB KALTI C E CO., re s* .I.-.I'_.
tiheo
The PePsonal Side
Not the General nor President, but the lover,
such articles by General A. AI. Greely, the
famoGW .2s Arctic explorer, will shortly begin in the
te ANTIeD Agents to look after renewals and new
Staoke, Stand oi1 sEto.
OILE~ wtork of every deosription
BILERS a h t
0-" TIODan Shea&Co.
So. as ea@ers ans.. ,3EaRMWs. T*EfY.
GAYOSO HOTELREMPHI
arnoo ROOMs JIREDUCED TO S 5O DP A
Dollrs for imem, .nSure.' Planting your
advertisement with the southern Live Stoel
Jo.urnwl,. Meridian, Miss. Sample copies free.
OPIUM .i,,_,o Hb El'r In
OPIUM amn wn ...I ....i .ard. etMi4.
__ st Loa[L Dr. Oi. el Me W A
im-3 Sn Tibmmm gol .
A.. N. K., F. 1588
WQEN WITITZNeO y1" ADVlE'TIa33 PE1A
aSent. tmar io qw r sv.wsneM Xab !
Sm a " it