THE GAZETTE.
oSubscriptioh Price, : r Per Year
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Mrs. Vordenbauman, who was on a visit
ko relatives in Lake Charles, returned home
Monday.
Miss Ida L"dit aid Miss Delia Hlill re
turned hon~e Monday from New Iberia, where
they were visgg friends.
Write to J. _echleiter, Jennings for good
cigars. He'll send you fifty for $S.oo:
Mrs. A. Labe and her two little daughters,
Miss Mable and Blanche, returned from
Berwick City Monday after a visit to rel
s'res.
Mrs. Alfred Voorhies and her daughter,
Miss Philomene, returned fromn 5t. Martin
ville Monday, where they have been on a
visit to friends and relatives.
Mr. Charles I.usted has just completed a
rig of his patent grass-cutter, which will
be tested Monday. Mr. Lusted has received
several offers tobuy his patent or to sell it on
commission. We hope he will obtain a goad
jprice.
There were three picnic parties
from this town last Sunday.
Mr. C. O. Mouton, has forwarded
his bond to Washington; $7000ooo ie
the amout required.
Mir. A. E. Mouton is having a
dwelling house built near the lumber
-ard of Moss & Mouton.
Beraud Mouton and Emanuel
Pellerin went to Mermenteau last
Sunday.
Gonzague, son of Dr. Gladu, re
turned home Tuesday from the
Baton Rouge University.
Lafayette can boast of more
windmills than any town of its size
in the State.
Connoisseurs all say that J. Lechleiter
nmakes a perfect cigar-So for $i or booo
for $i8.
A. E. Mouton, of the lumber firm
bf Moss & Mouton, made a flying
-trip to Patterson last Wednesday.
Henry Gerac attended to some
business in the Cresent city during
the last week.
Miss Rose Duhon, of Scott, is
spending some time in Lafayette, the
glest of Mrs. Neveu.
Walter White, Esq., of the Abbe
ville bar, was in Lafayette a few
days this week. He was the guest
of Judge Debaillon. 4
Mr. Florian Cornay, operator at
Patterson, was visiting his relatives
in Lafayette Wednesday and Thurs
day.
Albert Theall attended the
marriage of his sister, Miss Elda
Theall, to Mr. A. Piatt, at Royville
last Tuesday.
Persons interested in sugar mills
are requested to read Jno. S. Mc
Donald's advertisement in another
column,
Miss Grenier, a charming young
lady from Carencro, was the guest
of Miss Lea Gladu during the past
week.
The enterprising citizens of Caren
cro have just had printed zooo
hanging directories of their town.
The cards of all the business men of
that progressive place appear on it.
This shows a public spirit that
should be emulated by more pre
tentious towns.
The Gazette's thanks are due to
H. H. Solomon, of New Orleans,
for a copy of his annual directory
of the cotton, sugar and rice planters
of this State. It is a book of 225
pages and is very.well gotten up.
Dr. G. A. Martin went to Breaux
Bridge this week to assist his brother,
Dr. F. R. Martin, to perform an
exceedingly difficult surgical opera
tion. The Gazette is pleased to
announce that they were successful.
The Gazette was pleased to re
beqve a call last Friday from Messrs
Jno. Armitage and Robert Carlisle
of.New Otrleat. Mr. Carlisle Is a
fdtiner new'spaperman and Mr.
A shitage is- a inachinist. They
were in Lafayette on a little busi
ness and remained only a few hours.
We are under obligations to them
*or highly appreciated favors.
The many friends of Judge Alex.
Meatux, of the second ward, were
pained to learn of the death of his
son, Gaston, who died Saturday,
April 28, at the age of 2x years and
8 months. The mortal remains of
the young man were buried Sunday
evening in the Catholic cemletery in
this town.
A batchelor living in the town of
Lafayette requests The Gazette to
State that he is seriously comtem
plating matrimony. He says he
trould like to correspond with the
right girl, one who is passably
pretty and not too protd to work.
He says he is not rich, but is suffi
Eiently well provided with this
world's goods to support an econ
bntical wife and a reasonable num
ber of children. Address: ,,Z, care
the Gazette."
A Run AVway.
Last Tuesday afternoon • Messrs.
- &dvarti l'cllerin. F. ()lto andl l';iih
Pefferkorn were returning from a
fishing party when the horse hitched
to their buggy took fright and started
at a terrific speed. The three gen
tlemen were precipitated to the
ground, but fortunately without
receiving any serious injuries. The
horse continued his mad race,
passed in front of the court house
going in the direction of the convent.
When Judge Debaillon's office was
reached the buggy collided against
a stump and was broken into several
pieces. The horse was found a few
minutes later in the outskirts of the
town and, strange totsay, he did not
receive a scratch.
Lacour--Couvillon.
Monday morning at io o'clock,
at the St. John's Catholic church,
the Rev. Father Forge united in
marriage Miss Josephine Couvillon
and Mr. Louis E. Lacour. Both
are residents of Lafayette, the bride
being the daughter of Mr. J. C.
Couvillon and the groom a popular
young man and member of one of
the oldest and best Creole families
of Avoyelles parish. A large num
ber of friends had gathered at the
church to witness the nuptial cere
monies. A lovely bevy of convent
girls, schoolmates of the fair bride,
were present and lent charm to the
occasion. At the appointed hour
the bridal party arrived. The bride,
becomingly gowned in cashmere
cream, was led to the altar by her
brother, Mr. Leon Couvillon. Then
came the groom, and with his
groomsmen, Messrs. Edgar and
Pierre Lacour, marched to the altar,
where they met the bride and brides
maids, Misses Anna Couvillon and
Julia Lacour, both daintly dressed.
Father Forge performed the simple
and impressive marriage ceremony
of the Catholic church, which united
the young couple for life. After
the ceremony, the party, consisting
of relatives and friends of the
family repaired to the bride's home,
where a bounteous dinner wasspread.
Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Hilaire Lacour and Messrs.
Edgard and Pierre l.acour, of New
Iberia; Mr. and Mrs. G. O. Cou
villon and Miss Aline Couvillon,
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Couvillon, and
Masters Leo and Estine Couvillon,
of Carencro; Mr. and Mrs. Terville
Landry of New Iberia; Misses
Pauline, Edmondia and Adrienne
Landry,of Lafayette: Me]ssr.s. Pierre
and Henry Gerac and Lucien Lan
dry, of Lafayette; Mr. Rene Comcau,
New Iberia, and Mr. and Mfrs. F. A.
Guilbeau, of Carencro. Mr. and
Mrs. Lacour will rclde at the home
of Mr. J. C. Couvillun in Lafayette.
A Pretty Home.
Iast Monday morning The Ga
sette scribe paid a visit to the future
home of Mr. Walter J. Mouton,
situated in the south-western portion
of this town. When the improve
ments on the house and in
the yards are complleted, Walter
will have one of the prettiest homes
in Lafayette. The remodeling of the
building and addition of the turrets
and baywindows are the work of
the competent carpenters, Sarrazin
Broussard and his son, John. The
front door is strikingly elegant and
neat and speaks highly of the skill and
taste of that artistic workman, Mr.
Numa Broussard. To say that the
papering and painting are equally
well done it is only necessary to
mention the fact that the veteran
painter, H. A. Eastin, is attending
to that part of the work. The
Gazette congratulates its young
friend on his lovely home and ex
presses the hope that he will find in
It much happiness and prosperity.
A Charming Dance.
A charming social event this week was
the complimentary dance at Falk's Opera
H-ouse, given by a number of the young
gentlemen of Lafayette. Nothinmg had been
spared to make this affair an enjoyable one,
atnd the managers are to he congratulated
on the perfect success of their entertainment,
which was one of the most brilliant ever
given in Lafayette. Tile music, wh'ich was
furnished by the Breaux Bridge Band, was
splendid, the rcfreshments were delicious,
and nothing marred the Fleasure of the
occasion. Dancitng was kept up until a late
hour, when all left bearing away with them
the sweetest memories of a most delightful
time. Those present were: Misses Mattie,
Jennie and Sallie Torinn, Zerelda and
Nellie Bailey, Genevieve Salles, Lea Gladu,
MIary Toms, Louisq Givens, Mary Gleony,
Mad Young, Clye Mudd, Octavie and
Louise Cayret, Isaure Guidry, Stella and
Haydee Trahan, Mrs. C. K. Darling;
Messrs. Edwin and John Givens, Jack
Nickerson, J. J. Davidson, Baxter Clegg,
Dr. A. R~. Trahan, Leo Judrlice, Walter To
rian, Walter Mouton, L. A. LeRlosen C. 3.
Porch, George Guidry, Florian Cornay, Dr.
James Mary, Rodolphe Domengeaus, Joe
LeBlanc, Rodolphe Roy, Alb. Mouchet,
William Campbell, Dr. Fred Mayer, Paul
Bailey.
A Good Advertisement. .
The lovliest spots in Lafayette
are Father Forge's flower garden
and Mr Hahrn's at the Cresent
News. Passengers on board the
trains never fail to adnmire the
\ariots hcbautifull flowcr.s in the"
Cresent News garden. A gentle
man truthfully reijaarked the other
day that they were a good advertise
ment for this town, as such a pleas
ing sight could not fail to favor
ably impress a stranger with this
section.
Where it is.
A Subscriber: Please decide the follow
ing: A bets B that there is no such railroad
as the Teche Railroad Company in Louis
iana in the neighborhdnd of Abbeville. If
there is, please let us know if it is finished
and where does it begin and finish?
There is no railroad called ,"Teche Rail
road." The road you mean is "'The Salt
Mine Branch and Iberia and Vermillion
Railroad." Is twenty-one miles long and
runs from New Iberia to Abbeville.
The above was taken from the
column of "Questions and Answers"
in Monday's Times-Democrat.
The T. D. is mistken. There is a
railroad called " the Teche Rail
road;" it runs from Carencro, in
this parish, to the i~uron plantation
in the parish of St. Martin.
A Proiest.
A special from Abbeville to the
Times-Democrat of last Wednesday
says:
The police jury d6 this (Verml
ion) parish, held a meeting here to
day and passed a risolutionprotest
ing against the actiin of the police
jury commissioners in assessing
railroads, telephone and telegraph
lines which meetinig was held at
Lafayette. The region given for the
protest is that Velmilion parish's
commissioner was not notified of
the place of meeting, and that the
meeting was not held on the line of
the I. and V. Railroad.
The M. D's Meet.
Drs. J. D. and A. R. Trahan,of this place,
and Lessly and Francez, of Carencrot
attended the meeting of the Attakapas
Medical Association held \Vednesda-' at New
Iberia. Dr. Sabatier of New Ibehria, was
elected president to sueceed Dr. Trahan
whose term has expired. Dr. Le ;sly was
elected vice-president: The Gazet e learns
that the meeting was a very harmo'ious and
successful affair. It was one of the most
instructive and interesting meetings ever held
since the organization of the association.
Ice ! Ice !
Messrs. Harnisch & Pefferkorn
have opened the ice depot opposite
Mr. Pellerin's store where they will
handle ice manufactured by the
Opelousas Ice and 1ottling Works.
If you desire, Ice will be decvered
at your domicile two or thref: times
a day. Orders left with the above
named gentleman at their depot
will be promptly attended to.
Nor a Candidate.
It was reported that State Senator
Avery from this di:strict, hlau- gone
to Washington where he had been
called by President Clevela.el, who
would p1robably appoint hi n post
master at New Orl.,ans. Mr. Avery
returned from Washington this week.
He said to a reporter that lie went
to the capital in the interest of sugar
and that he is not a candidlate for
any Federal ofiice. He will continme
to represent this district in the State
Senate,
More Rixe Mills.
One of the busiest places in town
is the rice mill; it runs continually,
milling daily a large quantity of rice
of a superior quality. Mr. Le
Danois, the propl for and manager,
is a gentleman of fine business
ability and the prosperous condition
of the mill is due to his able mana
gem.ent. Although this is the first
entc:rprise of the kind started in
Lafayette, there was no difficulty in
secu ring a sufficien" quantity of rice
to keep the mill in operation all
the time. The Gazette believes
that two more rice mills in Lafayette
would not be too many. People
having money to invest can not find
a b ctter opportunity. The western
portion of this parish is a splendid
rice country and is not far from the
town, which would be a great in
due-:cment to farriers to sell their
rice here, instead of shipping it to
fo -eign markets, w.hich is very often
aconompanied by great losses and
dclays. If we can not get a refinery,
let; us try and b!sild a rice mill.
Tiiere is enough capital here to do
it. The only thing lacking is enter
prise. A little push and energy,
les s bickering and more pulling
togpether, are the first steps and then
the: enterplrise w-v developl itself.
T'he following g'oec'mene will serve on a
comrl ittee to recci\v, tiie excursionlists on
Sunda y, lMay :3: 1V,. Campbell, chairmnan;
Julian Mouton, II. VnlnderCruyssen, O. C.
Moutonu, C. I)ebaillkh, n1Vm. Clcgg, I. A.
BroussarCt, Chas. 0. rtouton, Y. P. Moss,
Chais. U. Caffery, I. F1alk, WV, E. Bowen,
E. G~. Voorhies.
Troo Much Enterprise.
To the Editor of the Lafayette G;azette:
1Ve have had competition in dry
goods:, groceries, meat, bread and
other necessaries of li.fe, and the
peolple of Lafayet'te hav'e been bene
fited t-ereby, but I fear that this
spirit of competitiol, or rather the
gras:'ag proclivit s of 5)me enter
pris-#(!) peopl ard .r'oing more
har~l than good. '4: th.,' poor
ne4C~by, who ig s'tiii'j4¢ v:" the
is told that he must reduce his
priie or offer premums, or else he
will be swallowed up and deposited
in the voracious maw of the mono
polist. COXEYITE,
Lopez Shdots a Man.
The following account of the
shooting of Romelo near Cade is
taken from the Daily Iberian.
Lopez, who did the shooting, is
known in Lafayette, having worked
here as a barber.. Those who know
him say that he was a well behaved
young man, and they were sorry to
learn of his misfortune.
The shooting of Mr. Joseph
Romero by Mr. Leopold Lopez
Saturday is, of course well known.
Not being able to hear anything
definite or reliable this morning we,
through the kindness of Mr. Sam
Pointes, were admitted to the cell
where Mr. Lopez is confined. Mr.
Lopez, when approached by us,
seemed very willing to talk; from
him we heard the following:
"I don't know how it happened
exactly, I being somewhat under
the influence of liquor. We were
not enemies."
He went on to say that he met
Mr. Romero and others, he being
in a cart having with him a keg of
beer, he called the crowd around
to join him in a drink, which they
all did; after a bit he said, "Let's
have another." Mr. Romero re
fused. He (Lopez) then said, "Any
man that don't want to drink with
me can go to hell. Romero seemed
not to like this much atrid told Lo
pez "Don't you say that again."
Lopez repeated it. Then, Lopez
states, Romero and his brother ad
vanced on him. He could not re
member clearly how the rest hap
pened, but showed his hand, which
he states was cut by one of the
brothers.
Mr. Lopez feels very badly over
the accident. He was told that
though Mr. Romero was danger
ously wounded it would not prove
fatal, he remarked that he hoped
that was the case; he had really
nothing against the man, and if he
was guilty of an offense he was
willing to suffer for it. Romero
died Tuesday.
Bushels of Money.
From a letter written by Leotardo,
the bloodless man who visited Lafay
ette some time ago, to Dr. Trahan,
we earn that this wonderful freak
is at San Antonio, being on his way
to the Mid-winter Fair at San Fran
cisco. He says he is making
"bushels of money."
Royville Items.
From Our RIegular Corespontdent.
-During the past week our little inland
"sea port" has been thronged with visitor;.
Theg balmy and isnvigorating gulf breeze,
combined with that Thospitality characteristic
of Royvillians, at once compels a guests to
feel at home. It is admitted that Royville
is the Mecca of Lafayette.
-N otwithstanding the financial crisis of
the country, the migration of the "''hobo co
horts" to WVashington, the low prices o,f the
"'fleecy staple," cotton is being extentsively
planted. It was sonicme day last week that
your correspondent met a highly esteemed
old farmer from this vicinity. HIe asked
of him, how was it that the farmers were
so enthusiastic over the cotton culture, when
they knew that the prices were killing ? HIis
answer came slowly and quic'ly. Like the
immortal Pope, he said:
"'Ilope springs eternal in the human breast."
WVe are praying and hoping for better
times. We still adhere to old ante-bellum
customs. We care not for diversion of
crops. Cotton is our product and cotton we
will raise. As the old gentleman says: let
us hope!
-Dr. Scranton was called as surgeon,
with Drs. Rand and Weis, to the bedside
of \Ir. Romero, who was shot by Mr. Lo
pez, of Cade, at a ball last Saturday night.
The bullet struck near the 5th rib, sliding
1 and perforating the liver. Mr. Romero died
Monday morning.
-Mrs. Kelly and Miss Eftie Young, of I.a
fayette, spent MIonday with Dr. Young's
family.
~-Mr. P. B. Roy is having an addition
made to his already 1i'rge and commctliotis
home. Mr. Daly, of New Iberia is the con
tractor.
-Mrs. Judice and Miss B. Palmer, of
Lafayette, are the guests of Dr. and Mrs.
Scranton.
-Say, boys! What about organizing a
base ball club ?
--Tuesday MIiss Elda Theall was joined
into the holy bonds of matrinyn~/ to Mtr.
A. Pl'iatt, of l1roussardville. Thle bride is a
very charming young lady, the niece of lion.
) I. Theall. The groom is a rising yountg
merchant, with a bright future ahead. "To
the happy couple we tendler, our best wishes
for a long, happy and prosperous wedded
life.
-The basket picn:e Sulnday laet at Jeffer
son's Island, was one of the most pleasant
affairs of tile season. The members of the
Glee Club did their utmost to make their
guests as comfortablle as possible, and from the
various reports, their untiring efforts were
certainly crowned with success. Overlook
nlg tise h.h blulfe of that romantic island;,
stands to the westward Lake Peigneur, the
minature Pontchartrain of South WVest
Louisiana, with its billowing waves rising
now antl then lake tllousandls of silvery
clouds. The lake was a beautiful sight to
behold. We blaime not Joseph Jefferson
i for:erecting his lovely residence on that islandl.
IThe sail boat ride across the lake was an
enjoyable one. At 4 o'clock a sunmptuous
picnic dinner, with pompous gobblers and
"lainty dishes, satislied the aplpetites of the
merry particilmnts. A string band was in
attendance, anul with the sseet music dis
Scoursed, mingled with the merry laughter of
Sthe pretty girls, mnade the day one long
to be rementlared. Those pre:;sent were:
a la.sdames J. Alcintore, J. 1. Moutn i. J. A.
lt.I Žii .-es hiaC- lim-'lit.ons 1.. lief u.i,
L. Leblanc, II. Olivier, Emma and Mlartha
Mouton, N. Broussard, C. Theriot, and
Messrs. P. B. Roy, J. A. Roy, P. R. Roy,
J. Alciator, Dr. R. O. Young, Chas. J.
Young, A. A. MIouchet, J. G. Leblanc, J. R.
Domnengeaux, Ed. Parent, J. M. Olivier, O.
F. and Wallie Theriot, and J. O. Blanchet.
-The Glee Club begged space in our
"items" to thank Medanmes Mouton, Alcia
tore and Roy for valuable assistance at the
picnic. CHE IOKEE.
Lafayette at the Penitentiary.
Deputies Thomas Mouton and Albert Del
homme returned Sunday from Baton Rouge,
where they had gone to place in the peni
tentiary the prisoners convicted at the last
term of court. Mr. Delhommne informed
The Gazette that he had occasion to see
the white convicts from this parish; he found
them all working. Erwin Meaux and Willie
Foreman were sewing in the tailoring de
partment. Campbell, who was sent a few
years ago for counterfeiting, was also engaged
making men's clotlies; he is said to be an ex
pert tailor. Dominique Claverie spends his
time ironing.
Two Lives Saved.
Mrs. Phoebe Thomas, of Junction City, Ill.
was told by her doctors she had Consumption
and that there was no hope for her, but two
bottles Dr. King's New Discovery completely
cured her and she says it saved her life. Mr.
Thns. Eggers, 139 Florida St. San Francisco,
suffered from a dreadful cold, approaching
Consumption, tried without result everything
else then bought one bottle of I)r. King's
New Discovery and In tw5 weeks was cured.
He is naturally thankful. It is such results,
of which these are samples, that prove the
wonderful efficacy of this medicine in Coughs
and Colds. Free trial bottles at W\Vm. Clegg's
Drug Store. Regnlar size Soc. and $I.oo.
Jedge WVaxein's Proverbs.
From The Detroit Free Press.
What a statesman don't kno is sometimes
wuth knoin'.
Pecus a f^ormner has to fasten his galluses
with a nale he has an idee that he kin help
himself by gitting into politicks.
The more parlinmenterry rules a congress
man knos the less likely he is to tend to the
biznus he was lected fer.
When a ntar wants to go into politicks he
_i,.:'t ast cf heze a pattriot, but how much
money he kin put up fur campane perposes.
A man kin be a pollitician and he kin be
onnest, but he haint got no time to spair ef
he trize to be both it the same time.
Ther aint no way t.v teliin l:ov: nlany
votes thar is to a gallon uv liker tell the
jug's empty.
Every now and then the godess of liberty
wonders what she is here for.
The money power is mighty zi; a majority
all the time.
Thars mity little uv the purity in polliticks
that don't need disinfeclin.
The country wood be full uv monuments
hiern church steeples of evry statesman had
as big a one as be thinks he ought to have.
Bucklen's Arnica Salve.
Tili: Bisr S.A.vti in the world for Cuts,
Pruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt Rheum, Fever
Car es, Tetter, Chappe .1 Ilands, Chilblains,
Coren, and all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures Piles, or no pay required. It is
guaranteed tp give perfect satisfaction or
money refundled. Price 25 cents per box.
For sale by \Vm. Clcgg.
Notice.
A melancholy lamp post has wandered
away from its owner. 'lhen last seen it wi s
lying in front of Trahan & Doucct's dri g
store. Owner can have same by applying
for it.
COXEY bAYS
Maoney should bie ncatly printed;
Cr;cy say'.
Lots o it on :up cr tinted.
Coxey 'a 5.
Mten slahitl ,:gther it in fleeces,
Fill it tip with sundry greases.
Totinu it in tog valises.
Coxey says.
None will then be orced to labor.
Coreyv .-ays.
Or cospeilicsi to rob his neiehbor.
Corey- ,:iys".
Neuut'r n:^r.. . t.men will grind it.
A\nd. when ULn.:e c: tr has si ned it.
Go out on tilhe street tand lind it.
Coxey says.
Plcutorats are a1ll too plenty,
C.,xcy says.
Every city Sllt re has twenty.
Ibut son,e h.,sy these cash dictators,
V ill Ioe rtuning elevators.
Downl te hot volcanic craters,
Corey says.
--Colutmus Dispatch.
James J. Corbett, the prize-fighter,
has bought a brownstone house at
No. 146 WVest eighty-eight street,
New York, for 25,000ooo.
Succession Sale;
UATI* GIl I.OUISIANA--PARtISlt OF LA.x
YTl.Ir r.i-Succe: ssIoNs of AVroN Io
CARO AND IRosALII PIL
7.A.w-No. 1983.
N'otice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issuing out of the 17th Judicial
DIistrict court of Louisiana in and for the
parish of Lafayette, in the above entitled
cause, and to me directed, I wall offer for
sale at ipublic auctinn to the last and highest
biddler at the court house door, on
S~atttrdty, JunIe 9, 1894.,
between legal iale htours, the following
icncribed plucpcitv, to wit:
One certain lot of ground situated in. the
town of l.afayette, mneasuring seventy-two
t72) feet, nrure or tess, front on North Main
Sstreet by a depth of one hundred (Ioo) feet,
more or less, on Mladlison street, ti'gether
with all tihe Iuitlings and imnprovenmeints
thnre,,n, boundeuld north I-v C. ii. Calfery,
Esq.. Slouth by ~Notrth ain street, East by
.la!ison e street andl west Iby John Vigneaux:
and the following terms and conditions, to
1st. One hundred and twenvty-fie ililars
(t (2i5.o) in casih. 2d1. Sceventeen-ninetysixths
of the Ialance in cash. 3rd. iOne third of
said balance in one year fromn day of sale.
4th. One third of said Inalance in two years
from dlay of sale. 5th. Fifteen-ninetysixths
in three years from day of sale. 'IThe de
ferredl payments to bear eight per cent yearly
interest froml day of sale, together with ten
per cent adlditional on the aggregate for
Iattorney's fees. In case said payments are
not punctually paid at minaturity, thie credit
portion to bIe secured by special nlortgagE and
vendor's privilege on the property sold.
I. A. BI]ROUSSt\RI,
SSheriff o' Lafayette Parish.
Mlay 5. I894.
BEAUTIFUL As MAatSLE
AND LA.TING At TIME%
S THE BEST AND CHA P
EST TOMBTONE MAN
" . U ACtUR i D.
S?-.ionly '.n .u.tncein and 1n.n.
lif '1 in sri=atl. he tsem ii Srone
Po.vi) , nhi .o o-h aiti lih ' nIsti-ti:t
yI'. proof process in aiy cotor de
1.Ilight 26 in. TTWidth 11 In. $7 "I
2, ' 40 in. * 151 in. l2 0
, " c n;min. " 18 i . Iit b '
SFor D Ies, it i:erm mn . 1iFitmphs. Istilv th
W. T. COATS & CO..
SR TOanpstrlou'us sr.. P43Wr OREANS.E LA.
"I do not issue a catialogue"
I will, how.ever, fill any order
Taken from any catalogue
And you can always see just what you are buying- And
in case you find in a catalogue just what you want, by call
Ing on me, I will make you up any style of jewelry yod
may wish.
DIAMOND SETTINGS A ... PECIAL?
ENCRAVING NEATLY EXECUTED.
WATCHES SKILF.LFULLY REP'AIRED:
All work guaranteed.
T. M. BIOSSAT - - - - JeweleF
Lafayette, Louisiana
Express and M~ail Orders Promptly Pilled. LOCK BOX 137
THERE IS A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWEST
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
W hre Pure Drugs, Patent Mcdicines, Toitet riticles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of WVines
and Li.iqu,rs for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
Also a few fine Groceries are to be ld and some
4 -Hardware.
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY % CLEGG.
TRAHIAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN,
CD FU L.) C ISTES,
-ANDI I)EALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes,- Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
Schqol Books a :d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigarsj
Melllter's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day dr Night
t-16-93 ty
Miss Louise Revillon
SSolicits a visit to her e
l"ULL1NG RY
'---- - FPinLORE- '
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE (jOODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
SLLJlBGG R
At WHOLESALE and BETaIL
O l F I C E A N D Y A R D) N E A R R A I LR O AD DEP O T
LAFAYEVITTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,' Doors, Saslih
Blinds, Miouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Pinders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walkin
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and C(:orn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cuttces, tIc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrts. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLEi
MILLINERY GOODS9
SUCII AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Enmbroideries Etc,
also Ladies' and children's Shoes
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriage]
and W ACON,
Manufact.urr 's agent for 1Valking and Ridinig Cult'-toas, ; sc Iarrow ai;v ir
lIarow, Stalk Cuttr. 'Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows"
Turning Plows, Ilay Rakes, Road Carts.
esrnor of .lcFfctson anrd Vernillion Streets, IIAYETTt-Li.,