THE GAZETTE.
Subscrptian Price, : r Per Year
See Biossat's ad.
The petrified man is sojourning in
New Iberia.
All styles of Waterbury watches
at Biossat's.
You miss it if you don't see the
lovely goods at Clcgg's.
Paul DeManade's the place to get
your sandwiches and oysters.
,"Dollars and Cents," Falk's Op
era-house, Thursday, Dec. 5.
Go and see the dolls, just receiv
ed at Scmulen's Racket Store.
Cutlery at Gardebled's. Fine
line of pocket knives and scissors.
Biossat carries a fine and well se
lected stock of watches diamonds
and jewelry.
If you are looking for nice goods
see Clegg's. He will take chances
on your buying.
Remember that all kinds of com
mnercial printing will be promptly
and neatly done at this office.
Dr. Rene Martin passed through
Lafayette Tuesday on his way to
Crowley, where he has located.
During the holiday season drop
in at Gaidebled's and take a look at
the nice things he has for sale.
Mr. J. Horace Martin, of this
parish, has moved to Crowley,
where he is in the drug business.
Have your prescriptions filled at
Gardebled's drugstore. Prompt
and competent service day and 1
night. _
Don't fail to attend the entertain
ment at Falk's Opera-house. It is
given for the benefit of the Jewish
cemetery.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
8:3o a. m. to z:3o p. m. and 3 to 5
p.m.
Miss Maud Boas' pupils are mak
ing preparations to give a concert at
Falk's Opera-house on the a3d of
December.
Do you want to buy a present for n
the holidays? Gardebled will sell
you one.
Express wagons, buck-boards, 8
rocking horses, doll carriages and a
velocipedes to suit all tastes and F
purses at Moss Bros. & Co's. t
He don't want all your trade, but
Clegg would like for you to see it
some of his pretty goods before you 3
make all your holiday purchases.
Thursday next the laughable play,
"'Dollars and Cents," will be pre
sented at Falk's Opera-house by t
Lafayette talent. Don't fail to be n
there. C
"Johnnie, get your gun, quick!" b
If you have no breech-loading shot v1
gun, get one at Moss Bros. & Co's. ir
As low in price as $8.oo. Better tl
ones cost more.
You need not worry over the fact C
you may not find suitable Christmas to
and New Year presents. Go and
look through Moss Bros. & Co's
fine collection of Holiday goods.
The plush, metal, polished wood, a
leather and celluloid novelties are
perfectly lovely. M
Sore Throat. Any ordinary case BE
may be cured in one night by ap
plying Chamberlain's Pain` Balm as F,
directed with each bottle. This
medicine is also famous for its cures Jo
of rheumatism, lame back and deep- P,
seated and muscular pains. For
sale by all druggists. M
The more careful a man is in Fe
buying, the more skeptical he is in
selecting his pants, the better we
like it. He will then more fully ap
preciate the BUCKSKIN BREE- in
CHES. He'll see at a glance how A'
carefully they are made. When he
puts his hands in the pockets he'll
find a printed guarantee which says: m
"If not as represented your money th
back. We represent them to be the H
best. They couldn't be more- br
they'll never be less.
Messrs. C. F. Moore & Co., ve
Newberg, Ore., say: "We sell
more of Chamberlain's Cough Rem- F
edy than all others put together,
and it always gives satisfaction." ho
Mr. J. F. Allen, Fox, Ore., says: C
"I believe Chamberlain's Cough ci
Remedy to be the best I have han
dled." Mr. VW. H. Hitchcock,
Columbus, Wash., says: "Cham
berlain's Cough remedy sells well Cl
and is highly praised by all who use Is
it." For sale by all druggists. pr
That great Southern newspaper, B
The New Orleans Picayune, has ra
sent us a very valuable book. It is qu
a complete chronological review of
the World's history during the last
decade. It contains a condensed
statement of every important event ca
which has transpired in the last ten
years, and is invaluable to the stu- ho
dent of history, of sociology, of w
politics, of political economy and
of human life generally. This
splendid little book can be had by se
fowarding so cents to The Picayune
at New Orleans.
Why suffer with Coughs, Cold and La are
Grippe when Laxative Bromrno Quinine will set
cure you in one day. Does not produce the cot
ringing in the head like Sulphate of Quinine. gi
Put lip in tallets conveni"nt for taking. tiOI
Guaranteed to ctire or money refunded.
Price 2C; cents. For sale by Win. Clegg
and Moss Bros. & Co., Tlafayette, I.. yor
Thanksgiving Day.
On last Wednesday afternoon the
a pupils of the Lafayette public
school, in accordance with national
custom, observed Thanksgiving by
in treating the public to a most enter
taining aind patriotic celebration of
the day. The school-house had
hes been transformed into a veritable
store-house and products of various
the kinds adorned the room, in
great abundance, while the floral
get decorations made a most attractive
display. "Old Glory" supplement
ed by an abundant exhibition of
national colors,did honorableservice
and manifested very emphatically,
the national character of the obser
vance. The exercises were varied,
as will be seen, and, while pleasing
were at the same time instructive.
e- Altogether the occasion was most
ds fittingly and appropriately observed.
PROGRAM FOR THIANKSGIVING.
ds Prayer..............................Rev. T. S. Randle
eS Song, Thanksgiving ............................Pupils
Recitation..............Thanksgiving Philosophy
Tony Cavil
n Recitation, History of Thanksgiving....Pupils
Recitation ................... Thanksgiving Rhymes
:ly Little Boys
Recitation, Katie's Letter.......... Lelia Phillips
Recitation........................Thanksgiving Motto
;h Little girls and boys
to Recitatoin, Thanksgiving....Pothier Voorhies
Recitation ...........Thanksgiving acrostic
Little boys
Recitation, Autumn Leaves,.. Girls and Boys
)P Recitation.........................Thanksgiving day
at Harold Demanade
Song, Robin Red Breast............John Mouton
Recitation, What the months bring....... Girls t
is
y, Holiday goods-the neatest and
latest styles-at Gardebled's. I
t
at Correction.
pt In out last issue we made a mis
4d take in the publication of the com
mittees in charge of the arrange
ments for the Agricultural Conven- I
1- tion. We reproduce the names in i
is full in order that there will be no
h misunderstanding:
Committee on Program-Dr. T. B. Hop
kins, Dr. J. D. Trahan, W. B. Bailey, Wm. i1
.r Clegg and B. Falk.
n Committee on Finance-Wm. Clegg and
5 I. A. Broussard. I
Lommittee on Reception-Alex Delhomme, t
Jasper Spell, O. C. Mouton, Dr. F. S. Mudd,
Dr. N. P. Moss, P. B. Roy, Adolphe Gi- p
rouard, V. E. Dupuis, J. A. Labbe and S.
J. Montgomery.
of Committee on Arrangements-John Hahn
and J. 0. Mouton. a
Committee on Decoration-Mmes. F. De- j
or manade, Frank Gardner, E. E. Mouton,
11 Leon Plonsky, J. O Mouton, T. H. Hebert,
Jr., J. J. Revilion and T. B. Hopkins. sl
- The above committees are ur
, gently requested to take such action
d as they may deem advisable and re
d port to the general committee at w
the court-house on Dec. 14. i1
t Creole Cough Cure is an unfail- ti
e ing remedy for coughs and colds. tl
n 35 cents a bottle at Moss Pharmacy. ti
Thursday's Entertainment. m
There will be a theatrical enter
tainment at Falk's Opera-house ki
a next Thursday. "Dollars and a1
Cents," a comedy, will be presented hi
' by local talent and promises to be se
t very interesting and well worth see- th
ing. The proceeds derived from cl
the play and the refreshment tables in
will be turned over to the Jewish o0
Cemetery fund. After the enter- hi
tainment a ball will take place. Al
The following is the cast: pI
Evelyn Nickelbury, a young heiress........Miss cc
Emma Falk. of
IHariet Welford, her friend....... Miss Isaure sti
McDaniel. fa
Mrs. Shybold, Evelyn's aunt........ Miss Lydia
McDaniel. ci
Betsy, a lady's maid....Miss Gussie Plonsky. Wi
William Nickelbury, a widower............C. K. ea
Darling. rm
Frank Nickelbury, M. D., his nephew...... H.
A. Iron.
John Fairplay, a young merchant..........F. E. th
Girard. in,
Philip Sharp, a modern financier........Baxter cr
Clegg.
Montague Pymples, his book-keep............L. el
Derbes. rel
Ferret, a lawyer................... J. Nickerson. wt
the
Thanksgiving. a
Lafayette celebrated Thanksgiv- no
ing day in many ways. At the Oak ch
Avenue Park there were mule races,
horse races, bicycle races, a tourna
ment and a trotting race. At night Ad
there was a ball at Falk's Opera thi
House which concluded the cele- of
bration. of
The amusements at the park were L
very interesting and well conducted. n
In the tournament Messas. C. and ra
F. Girard, J. C. Nickerson, O. Del- Ia
homme, I. A. Broussard, Robert "h
Cochrane and Gaston Veazey parti- Ip
cipated. Dr. Girard made the best 2
record. Sat
The bicycle races were won by
Charles Bienvenu rho got the three
1st prizes; Alb. Robtchaud, ad
prize in the one-mile race; Chas. be
Broussard, ad prize in half-mile oc
race; Gaston Veazey, ad prize in of
quarter-mile race. Fer
O. Delhomme got 1st prize in the
mule race and Dick Palmer's mule o
came in for the second premium. Jsi
There were six entries in the
horse race. Gilbert Delhomme
was the winner of the 1st prize and
Apolinalre Patin was awarded the c.
second one. Fl
Notice. o
All parties indebted to the undersigned, w
are requested to call and make a satisf-ctory s.J
settlement before Jan. I, 1896. The ac- w
counts of all those failing to do so, will e I Clo,
Igiven to the collector for immediate collec
Ition. MaRS. J. J. REVILLON.
DAvts' WILD CHERRY AND TAR will cure
youlr Cough or Cold. 5oc. inid Sl.oo.
A Negro's Cowardly Deed.
,he On the night of the z2d instant
lic a young man named John Rbsenski
'al was struck down by an unknown
by negro and robbed of $75. Rosenski
er- had just returned from Abbeville
of and was on the way to his home at
ad Crowley. Upon reaching here on
)le the night train a strange negro of
us tered to escort him to a boarding
in house, and instead of doing so con
al ducted him to a field and there as
ye saulted him on the head with some
Lt- blunt instrument and then robbed
of him of all he had and fled. The
ce young man succeeded in making his
y, way to the depot, where his pitiful
r- condition attracted the attention of I
d, the railroad employes, who kindly
ig attended to him and sent for Drs.
e. Martin and Tolson, who were soon I
st on the grounds and relieved the un- t
1. fortunate young fellow by dressing
his wounds. The physicians pro
e nounced his wounds very dangerous ,
y and advised that he be sent to the c
Is hospital at New Orleans for proper i
es care and treatment. Rosenski was
accordingly put aboard the early
to morning-train and he is now in the s
hospital doing as well as could be v
ic expected. He is reported on a fair h
way to recovery.
y Sheriff Broussard and the town i
authorities at once began to work t
Is on the case. The sherift having ob- h
d tained the information that a sus
picious negro answering the descrip- n
tions given by the victim of the as- E
sailant had left for Beaumont, took
the proper steps to effect his cap- e
ture. The sheriff left Sunday after- a
noon and returned the next morn- a
s ing at a o'clock. The sheriff was h
not willing to take any risk in the ic
matter and he left the same morn
ing for New Orleans with the negro 0
for the purpose of identification by al
Rosenski, who was critically ill at al
the hospital. As soon as he saw the t(
prisoner he said positively that he
recognized him as his assailant. to
The sheriff returned the next day ti
and placed his prisoner in jail. h,
There is said to be other evidence ui
besides the identification of Rosen- h,
ski to prove the negro's guilt. n4
se
Both Legs Gone. h.
Joseph Maroney, a stranger, met Si
t with a terrible accident at this place ei
last Wednesday night. According ta
to his own story he came from Au:- pe
tin, Texas, and when he reached ti:
this point he attempted to board a la
train, when he fell across the rails, th
resulting in both legs being tearfully vi
mangled. sir
Drs. Tolson, Martin and Girard sh
kindly volunteered their services re
and amputated both legs, this opera- sc
tion being deemed necessary to give so
him a chance for his life. He was lit
sent to New Orleans to be placed in
the hospital. In speaking of his all
chances for recovery and his arrival ap
in the city, The Item says: "Re- M
covery in a case of this kind is out ca
of the ordinary and seldom occurs, wl
but it will not be at all surprising if ho
Maroney pulls through from his
present danger. He has wonderful "(
courage and relating the true facts ter
of his actions this morning would dri
strike most people as almost base wa
fabrications. Maroney came to the an
city seated on the floor of a coach he
with his back against the wall and list
eating peaches from a can. His hir
mangled limbs were wrapped up in ide
cotton soaked with drugs, and while to(
the pain must have been excruciat- his
ing the poor fellow hardly uttered a qu
cry from agony. An ambulance lic
was summoned and Maroney was cal
removed to the hospital, where he Ga
was worked upon for some time in to
the amphitheatre and then placed in sas
a ward. His condition was pro
nounced very serious and the by
chances for recovery poor." Mc
A Card. A
LAFAYETTE, La., Nov. 25, I895. n
Having seen in the issue of the Lafayette a
Advertiser of date Saturday, the 23d inst., wa
that I have been appointed a commissioner trit
of election at the primary called for Wednes- re
day, Dec. Ir, x895, by the bolting members
of the Parish Democratic Executive Com- Th
mitte, Messrs. Torian, Cochrane and Sta
Labbe, who withdrew from the court-house doi
and held their meeting in Mr. D. A. Coch
rane's oflice, I hereby state that I will not
serve as a commissioner at said primary. Sca
I am a Democrat and will not act with those giv
who have separated themselves from the reg- Alc
ular organization of the D)emocratic party.
I propose to do all in my power for the suc- ye
cess of candidates submiting their names to ouI
the regular Democratic primaries called for wit
Saturday, Dec. 14, 1895. cat
JoHN ROGaR. h
Witness: C. F. LATIOLAIS. h
Commissioners. She
The following commissioners have pIn
been appointed to serve for the Dem- bat
ocratic primaries called for the x4th che
of December x895. suc
Ward 6, Poll rs-At H. Simnoneaux';: C. C. nrown. FiV
Fernand Broussard and H. Slmoneaux.
Ward I, Poll s-At Jules Guidry's;: Alfred Del
homme. Toledane Begnaud and Frlix Bernard. BrC
Ward ~, Poll 3-At Ford Hloffpauir's; Jules Servat, tur
Jasper Spell and Frank Foreman. bee
tVard 8. Poll 4--At school house; John Whitting- i
ton, Jr., Alcide Trahan and Hervilien ilanchard.
Ward 6, Poll 5-At Guilbeau's hall; G. A. tGuil- rob
beau, Saul liroussard and Victor Couvillon. wel
1Vard 3. Poll 6-At court-hhouse; J. E. Mslrtin. R. Cai
C. Greig and Sam Plonsky. att
Ward 5, Poll 7-At H. Theall's warchouse; E. laf.
Pellerin. Felicien Trahan and G;. E. LeBlanc. ing
1Vard 7. Poll 8-At Isle Pilette school house; Eloi toll
Ionin, J. Aymar Labbe andJ. S. Broussard. dur
Ward 5. Poll 9--At Farmer's Alliance Hall; Lutcicn
SIt. Jllien, Louis Olivier and Andre Billnud. e
Ward 3. Poll r,-At Mouton's Switch: Paul )De- hor
Clouet. Sidney 1Martin andJ. E. MIouton. she
The committee then adjourned. he
J. O. BROUSSARD, wo
Chairman Dem. Ex. Com. bee
A. C. GUI.IwEAU, Secretary. * th
FOR SHERIFF.
tnt
ski Isaac A. Broussard is Out for the
Democratic Nomination.
In another column appears the
card of Isaac A. Broussard, who an
lie nounces that he is a candidate for
at re-election to the office of sheriff of
on this parish. Of course Mr. Brous
f- sard's candidacy is subject to the
White Democratic primaries on Dec.
ng 14, 1895, ordered by the regular
'- Democratic Executive Committee
is- presided over by Hon. J. O. Brous
ne sard. The Gazette is not inclined
ed to praise public officials, but in this
he instance it believes that it is only a
matter of simple justice to say a
us few words about the splendid record
ul of the gentleman who submits his
of name to the Democrats of Lafayette
for the nomination of the Demo
cratic party.
It is a fact generally conceded
>n in this as well as in the other parishes
n- that Mr. Broussard has proven him
g self to be one of the very best
sheriffs in this State. Mr. Brous
sard entered upon the duties of the
us office of sheriff of Lafayette parish
ie on the 6th day of June, x888, hav
er ing been elected twice by over
as whelming majorities over his op
ponents. The people were quick to
Y appreciate the value of Mr. Brous
te sard as an officer, hence the large
)e vote cast for him. Since his induc
ir tion into office he has performed
his duties to the satisfaction of all
fair-minded people. The tax-col
n lector's department, in charge of
k that tried and true Democrat and
. high-toned gentleman, Ozemee Le
Blanc, has been managed in the
straight-forward and business-like
manner so characteristic of Mr. Le
Blanc.
k It may be interesting to our read
. ers to be presented with a few facts I
and figures to show how active Mr.
Broussard has been in the perform
ance of his duties. Unlike some of
Ls his predecessors, he never remained
e idle and was not content to be com
L_ fortably seated at home or in his t
office when duty called him else- t
o where. Whenever a criminal was
Y at large, he always went after him
it and got him. He has never failed a
e to execute a warrant placed in his
e hands, and in many cases where
there seemed to be no evidence ob
tainable he conducted the investiga
Y tion with such skill and energy that
he succeeded in fastening the guilt
e upon the guilty ones. To show that E
- he has been a "hustler," it is only
necessary to say that during the tl
seven years of his incumbency he
has arrested and conveyed to the P
t State penitentiary from this parish
eighty-five prisoners. When it is
taken into consideration that 184 it
- persons were sent to the peniten
i tiary from this parish during the .
t last twenty-seven years, and out of ti
that number eighty-five were con
victed in the last seven years and C'
since Mr. Broussard has qualified as
I sheriff, it is readily seen that his
reputation as a diligent and con
scientious official is founded on rii
something besides the ordinary po- er
litical "buncombe."
Although having always devoted P'
all the attention necessary to the
apprehension of our own criminals, m
Mr. Broussard has found time to nt
capture many fugitives from justice ur
who had found refuge within the ,
borders of Lafayette. of
Some years ago the now notorious pc
"Greasy Jim," presently under sen- fe
tence of death in New Orleans, a
drifted to this place. He was
wanted in Mississippi for murder
and in Texas for burglary, and as pl
he answered the descriptions pub- re
lished, Sheriff Broussard arrested
him and held him over until he was OU
identified by a Texas official who th
took him away. While in jail here
his picture was taken and subse- B,
quently, when "Jim" killed a po
liceman in New Orleans and es- L.
caped, the sheriff sent to Chief co
Gaster the picture which was used
to capture the dastardly negro as- in
sassin.
A very important capture effected
by Sheriff Broussard was that of lie
Moses Roay, wanted in Woodruff, Ia
Ark., for murder. He arrested him
on the levee in New Orleans. Roay re
had been a fugitive four years and
was sent to Arkansas, where he was
tried and convicted. The sheriff
received a reward for this arrest. wi
There are hundreds of other in- a
stances of some very clever work mo
done by Mr. Broussard, but we will
mention only a few of them. as as
scarcity of space prevents us from sh
giving them all. The capture of Br
Alcee Mitchell in Florida about a m
year ago is yet fresh in the minds of -
our people, and we will pass it by
with a mere reference to it. The
capture of the negro, Henry Jones, Al
who had raped a white girl in Lake
Charles, is another instance where
Sheriff Broussard's bravery was dis
played. After a hand-to-hand com- ide
bat with the negro he used his win- BE
chester with fatal results, only when on
such a step was absolutely necessary. "'
Five years ago a white man named Ex
Johnson was arrested by Sheriff tioi
Broussard. Johnson had just re- nmi
turned from Mexico, where he had fro
been a fugitive five years. He was
wanted in St. Mary for arson and Di
robbery. The people of this town
vwell remember the arrest of "Bump"
Camr.bell, the counterfeiter. The nrc
latter was armed and the sheriff be- hi
ing unarmed, had probably the n
toughest deal he ever encountered wit
during all his experience with des- su
perate characters. "Bump" was on Ci
horseback with pistol in hand. The vOI
sheriff seeing this, concluded that pCr
he had to do some pretty good N
work or let go his game. He had
been a cowboy and knew how to
"throw a ihorise." This hie quickly of
and skilfully did; he then paid his
undivided attention to "Bump" and
he his gun. He overpowered and dis
armed him after quite an exciting
the tussle.
in- Before closing this article we will
for mention the arrest, four hours after
of the commission of the deed, of the
us- two negroes who attemnpted to as
he sassinate the railroad agent at Iowa
:c. Junction; the arrest of Joe Anarus,
lar who shot Mr. Alcide Beegnaud; of
:ee Elie Howard, the notorious thief
is- and escaped convict from St. Lan
ed dry; of Baptist Martin, the negro
)is who burglarized the home of Mr.
a Dida Mouton. Baptist's bond had
a been forfeited and a warrant was
rd placed in Sheriff Broussard's hands
its at 4:50o p. m., and the next day at
te 4 o'clock he personally arrested his
o- man at Victoria, Texas, a distance
of over 400 miles from Lafayette.
ad We could keep on and cite in
es numerable other arrests to show our
n- readers Mr. Broussard's worth as an
;st officer, but we do not think that is
s- necessary. We will simply ask the
rue question: "Has Lafayette parish
sh ever had a sheriff who has done as
v- well?"
ýr
p. Carencro News.
to Mrs. F. C. Latiolais spent Saturday and
s Sunday last with her sister, Mliss Madeline
,Melchoir at Crowley.
C- Rev. Father Girard, of Canada, is the
,d guest of Rev. Father Laforest.
.11 Mr. George Melchoir, rec untly the assis
i- tant manager of the Carencro Union Gin
f nery, has been appointed assistant agent by
d the Southern Pacific Co. here.
A certain day last week a train took from
,e Carencro, shipments of rice, sugar, cotton,
cotton seed, corn, live stock, syrup, sugar
cane, tobacco, chickens and eggs. If any
of our readers can tell us of a place that in
one day, has handled a greater variety of
is products than that all raised within three
r. miles of a railroad station, and hauled over a
first-class roads, we would like to know
where it is.
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau was in Opelousas last 0
d Saturday. "*Chap" is a "hustler."
I- The fair given by the colored people of
5 this section on the 15th, 16th and 17th of h
this month for the benefit of the church o
S fund, proved quite a success. The Caren
cro Brass Band actuated by a desire to aid
n the good work, volunteered their services, ri
d and did much towards making a success of
s the entertainment.
e Mr. Ed. Perrault passed a couple of days
in Carencro a few days ago. b
We received a pleasant call from Mr. E. f
Voorhies of Lafayette, last Friday.
Our office was honored by the presence of ?
t ye editor a few days since. Call again, t
t Bro. Isomer; always glad to see you. ii
y Mr. W. A. Robert left for New Orleans i
the early part of this week.
e The Carencro Sugar Mill is working to ~
a perfection this season.
Two thousand eight hundred bales of cot
ton shipped from Carencro so far, this year.
The Huron Mill is turning out a fine qual
t ity of. sugar.
Judge O. C. Mouton was in Carencro this
week, on business connected with his planta
f tion. S
Our farmers are having little, or no diffi
culty in getting rid of their cane.
The present parish political situation will
undoubtedly place many in the position of ai
one between Scylla and Charybdis. Ji
A large number of children will make their is
first communion at St. Peter's church, Car- 01
encro on Sunday Dec. I. A
Rev. Father Laforest is making active m
preparations for the fair which is to take so
place on Dec. 6, 7, and 8. A charming s
programme embracing a dramatic entertain- hi
ment and concert, will be arranged. A
number of gentlemen of Lafayette have vol
unteered their services; and there is a de- be
termination that the.fair taken in all, shall of
surpass any ever held in the parish. The sc
object is a good one, and will call to its sup- to
port all charitably inclined, and those who
feel a particular interest in the welfare and Ai
advancement of Carencro. Li
Mrs. A. Cheffer is in New Orleans for n'
medical treatment. 3a
Mrs. Marc. Lazaro and children, of Ville 3
Platte, were in town last Saturday visiting
relatives.
Opelousas seems to have the "edge" on
our cotton and cotton seed this year, nine
tenths of the shipments being destined to
that point.
Iion. O. P. Guilbeau and Mr. Sam P.
Brown were in Breaux Bridge last Sunday.
Mr. Laberge, the popular attache of The
Lafayette Advertiser, is a frequent and wel
come visitor in Carencro.
Mr. J. M. Jones has erected a cane load
ing apparatus at his switch, and it works
like a charm, saving much time and labor,
and consequently a large amount of money.
Deputy Sheriff Thos. Mouton, the able
lieutenant of Sheriff Broussard, was in town
last week.
Now is the spring time of crimination and
recrimination.
A worthless negro, named Peter Davis,
committed by the mayor to the town jail,
escaped a few days ago.
IMr. Simonet Breaux, parish constable,
while endeavoring to quell a disturbance at
a negro ball last Saturday night, hadl a nar
row escape from being murdered. Hie was
shot at by a black desperado named Padio,
the bullet passing through his hat. The
actions of these negroes, would seem to
show that there was a conspiracy to kill Mlr.
Breaux. It is very unfortunate that the
men succeeded iin making their escape.
FOR SALE!
Attention Honme Seekers andi
Investors.
A chance of your life time to secure an
ideal home and profitable farm. Also the
BEAUSEJOUR Springs and Park situated
on the banks of tile beautiful HBayou Vermil
ion. A large conlmodious country residence
with TWO 1HUNDRE!) ARPIENTS of
Excellent land. Soil very best for cultiva
tion of Sugar cane, corn, cotton, etc. (One
nule from the Tovwn of Lafayette; half mile
from Sugar Refinery. Apply at store rf
MOUrON BR 1€OS.
Dr. Davis' Conmpound Syrup of
Wild Cherry and Tar.
Everyone knows Wild Cherry and Tar
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
chitis Croup, WVhooping Cough, all Lung A
and Throat troultlcs, and when co:ubitLed othe
with other drugs of the greatest valuc in, t ;w
suchl diseases, as they are in D)AVtS' \Wtl.tl to
CtIERRY ANt) T'AR, it mtakes the remedy
you should have at hand oe and St.5o
per bottle. Ask for Davts" WVtt.ts C.iteuiY
AND TAR, Nor WVild Cherry atnd Tar. n.,
Remember that we do all kinds ro,
of job printintg.
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETTE
CAPITAL 850,000.
CROW CIRARD, President. 8. R. PARKERSQN, Oashler.
J. C. PARKERSON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, AselstantOashles'
CfROV G/IR.4RD, J. S. Ir/I/TT7YG 7TO., P'. B. ROY,
c. c o. ,A'O14,', At. J. ;/o..S, . G. PARKR RSOA,
A4LCIDE JUJ)ICA, l: /)'. l.AAD', N. P. MAOSS.
-DO YOU KNOW THAT-
IHas the Pest Assorted Stre ill Town?
A Visit There WVill Conviince You of this Fact.
THE -STOCKL O.
GENTS'= C LOTIHNG
Has been selected with a perfect knowledge
Of the people's wants and tastes!
rhe Line of Ladies' Dress Goods
IS SIMPLY ELEGANT.
GOODS ALL OF THIE LATET STYLES AND SOLD AT THSl
VERY - LOWEST - PRICES.
Her First Appearance.
rnt Mary Anderson de Navarro in her stage career
memoirs, which wit he published in The Ladl,.'
in, lame Journal (the opening Chapters in the Decent
r her issue). gives the public a most interesting and
entertaininge view of the trials and hardships she
ny successfully combated in following out her conviction
that the stage presented to her the opportunity for a
in splendid career. She exultantly refers to her debut
in Louisville. Kentucky. on Saturday evening, No
f vember 27. 1875. upon which occasion the "tall. shy
an and awkward" girl of sixteen interpreted Shakes
peare's love-lorn "'Juliet." The performance was
er arraned upon two days" notice-time for but a sin
Sge rehearsal-and the aspiring Kentucky girl was
jubilant when the theatre and a stock company
were offered her, upon condition that she play with
tat loute pay.f Her happiness. however. was nor uIn
clouded, for of the event she writes with touching
pathos: "That Thursday" (the day that her first ap
of pearance was arranged) "was one of the happiest
days of all my life, filled as it was with the brightest
of hope and anticipation. Only one black cloud huntg
h over it: the thought of Nonie and my grandparents
n- who were all very dear to me. Had I known then
that I would never see the face of the former, that h
id would die, my mother and I tar awav from him. and
s, that almost until his death he would rchlse to for
of give or see md unless I abandoned the stage-life
which he thought so injurious-nay sinful-I would
even then have renounced what was within my grasp.
Ishis estrangement saddened many years of my
life, and has east a shadow over all the otherwise
bright and happy memories of him who was the
father, friend and playmate of our childhood days."
Mrs. de Navaro evidently did not suffer from
stage fright." the crushing terror of debutantes, for
of she writes that she stood impatiently waiting for her
"cue" to go on. At last it came. .Then, in a flaoh.
n, I was on the stage, conscious only of a wall of yellow
light before me. and a burst of prolottged applause."
The performance was filled with rather depressing
Is incidents; one of the players forgot his lines and had
to be prompted by the youthful st.sr; "cRomeo"
neglected to bring his dagger, and "tJuliet" had to
ta perform tier dispatch with a hairpin, while the lamp
that hung in "luliet's" tomb. fell and badly burned
her hands and arms. "Despite of these." she writes.
t- "thenight was a success, and I knew that my stage
r. carees had begun in eacnest."-'l he Ladies' Home
Journal. Philadelphia.
is Public Sale.
Succession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
11 Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
f an order issued by the Htonorablle the 17th1
Judicial District Court of the State of Louis
ir tana, holding session in and for the Parish
r- of Lafayette, dated the-day of October,
A. N. 1895, and by viritue also out of t coin
mission issued out of saidl court, based upotn
e said order and directed to me, the under
Ssigned clerk of court and ex-officiio adntinis
trator, I will sell at public auction, to the
Shighest bidder, on
Saturday, December 14, 1895,
between the legal hours of sale, in the townvt
I1 of Lafayette, said parish, the foll,'witltg de
e scribed property belonging to said sttccessitnl,
Sto-wit:
a One certain lot of ground, in Mouton's
I Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette,
La., with all the buildings and improve
r meats thereon, bounded north by lot No.
307, South by Jackson street, east by lot No.
319 and west by lot No. 321ar.
WY. it. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court
And Es-Officio Administrator.
eNov. 9, 1895.
BI-RTHDAY Y
Si reoeas
to selct 4
ro d l a .
large l
" taiock, of
11""'''' ==  " =-- ~-"--T- " , "
WATCHES, DIAMONDS AND
SILVERWARE t
Which We carry,
Ranging from the f
Modest and inex
pensive articles to
the Handsomest I
and most expensive.
9'
We can suit. everyone's
Purse!
T. M. DIOSSfT,
SW tohmakor anod Jewelero . ti
For Sale.
A dwvelling house w'ith store-bulll lling, nn.i
other iltnprnvenlctns ottl tMlain street ill tile
ti wltt of Cavtet'-rut, I .cf.,ylttcr parish. Apply
toNIla. ld.', i.: AlhAi-ti d,
- Carelicro, La.
Notit'c.
1 will Ie at the ci:v hltdl ft:.in to itt Ir a.
m., antis Iromn 2 to 4 p. tit. Ce'.ry day ftr the SI
purpose of collecting tax-s due the corpora
tion. .. VT. Vi- PV. P
Cottlatablo alttd Cullosttx.
Succession Sale,
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
d fayette.-Succession of Dr. Fe
lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
17th Judicial District Court-No.
2025.
1ty virtue of an order issued out of the
17th Judicial District Court of Louisiana in
and for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date November 7, 1S95, I am authorized
and commissioned to sell at public auction
at the front door of the court-house, in the
town of Lafayette, La., on the
14th day of December, 18958
to the last and highest bidder, the following
described property, belonging to said above
named Succession, to-wit:
One certain tract of prarie land situated in
the parish of Lafayette, Carencro, on the
west bank of payou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 5o0ioo arpents, more or less,
bounded north by Pierre Prejean, Horace
Martin and others; south by Roche Mouton
and F. Dupuis, east by Bayou Vermilion
and west by property of Ernest Bernard,
and Alexander and Leonard Latiolais.
Terms and Conditions:--This property
will oe sold as follows: One-third cash;
one-third in one year from day of sale, and
one-third in two years from day of sale;
deferred payments to be secured by mort
gage, with vendor's privilege, and to bear
eight per cent per annum interest from day
of sale, together with to per cent additional
for costs of collection, should said notes be
placed in the hands of an attorney for collec
tion: Purchaser to execute his two notes
for the deferred payments.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
Nov. 9, 5895.
Public Sale.
Succession of Ursin Cormier-Par
ish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an
order issued by the Hlonorable, the y7th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louisi
ana, holding session in and for the Parish of
Lafayette, dated the 8th day of November,
and by virtue also out of a commission issued
out of said court, based upon said order, and
directed to me, the undersigned administra
tor, I will sell, at public auction, to the high
est bidder, for cash, at the last residence of
deceased, Ursin Cormier, in said parish, be
tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, Dcemnber 21, 1895.
the following described property to-wit:
One certain tract of one hundred and fifty
arpents prairie land (more or less, bounded
north by Matilc Prejean, south by land of
Laperle Cormier, ca't by land of Ferdi
nand Breaux, west by land of Serigne Babi
neaux.
One dwelling house, one corn crib, one
small shed and chicken coop, one other old
shited, one corn crib, one cabin, one other
cabin, one wagon, one lot of plows, one lot
of harness, one lot of old fencing and wire
fencing, one lot of hogs, three cows and
calves, one pair of beeves, one two-year-old
h bull, live creole horses, one American horse;
the ucndivided interest in growing cotton
crop; the undivided interest in growing corn
crop; the undivided interest in growing rice
crop; the undivided interest ingrowingsweet
potato crop.
The undtvidcd interest in a tract of wood
land on east bank of Bayou Vermilion (one
eighth), bounded north by Babineaux tract,
south by Antoine Claud.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land near BaUnyou Vermilion, on east bank,
(one-eighth), bounded north by Babineaux
tract, south by St. Clair Kllchrist, east by
. west by land of Louis Lebert.
Also lot of kitchen and household furni.
ture, notes, etc. CONSTANT LEGER,
Nov. t6, 1895. Administrator.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La.. before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
S15 to the one making nest greatest sum
ber of points.
Sro to the one making next greatest nam
her of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
PrNTS lOINft
I.argc Ilawk ........15 W ild cat...........tS
:F all wk . ....... 5 Coon ......................
X I . ............. 5 Opossum .............5
i:k ............ 5 e sel.............. s5
Skurkk .......... .. . 5 Fox ......................15
ileds of birds of prey and scalps ofani
mtals to he delivered to WVm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than tive hundred points,
F. F. MYLES.
I.OST-From Gen. F. F. Myles' place, t
mile south of Lafayette, a setter bird dog,
black, white and tan. Has been lost severa
days. Liberal reward tort her recovery.
For Sale.
Three good lots for business
stands. On Lincoln- avenue, op
posite Parkerson park. Apply ts
Ms. M. GAmma --a