THE LAFAYTTE GAZETTE.
. VOLUME III. LAAYETTE, LA, ATURDAY, APRIL 7, 1895 N BER 8
- ***** - ** ** -*- -
--DBALERI IN
General
Merchandise.
SLowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Uiacela Avesue, LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
"- Watchmaker,
1 Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Smiles Stem.
LAFAYETFE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
8. RepairinL K of flino watches a spe.
ity. All work cheap and guaranteed.
3T. CARMI CORYEIT
LAFAYETTre, LA.
The system of education inoludee the
prench and English languages, Musio
nad all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
oro terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
' WHEEIIWRIGHT anl SUPPLY SHOP.
sNear Blask sunilding.
FRLED IIOUT01, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteeod.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. (. VOORHIES,
TTORNEY AT LAW AND
.. NOTARY PUBLIC,
.Lafayete. La.
RI. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETFE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.Attorneys at Lar'v,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEED' Stable
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYxTTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayetto, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su. s
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and Now Osleans.
LA'AIWTTE· ., A.
ILUKROAD BARBER SHOP.
[ Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD 'RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. h
-AND
Sale Stable
SB. COISTAITII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A dreotitioner in the State 22 years, b
and-in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls L
attention to his new and succossfu l treat
ment of the respiratory organs. .Medi
eal inhalatlions combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure is t
Consumption, in the first and second
period it they follow exactly the treat le
menet and rollef in the third period.
Deanes eslnd bshronoa diseasoes in gea
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
D----le
Justice of the Peace. 2
S -45l' rompt attention given to a
.· U rombater uit rontate, notes ow fb
-r41 OMtt*. tiaedpnrchase of land at. a
Iseadeatau,. _ 1-19 p
C. f; MOUTON, E
Pa
ONLY A RUSH.
An Eastern Fneuy.
"was only a rush by the Ganges' 1tw brink',
And one of a legion that modestly waved
Near by where the antelope came oft to driAk.
And foot-weary travelers gratefully Laved.
"Twas only a rush, but its broad leal was
green,
And 'twas plucked by a pilgrim with heart
full of praiso,
For it made for his .hoed a most ezoellent
screen
As he toiled his slow way in the sun's fo~t'.
ful blaze.
More beautiful far to the pilgrim it seemed
Then the splendldest Bower in Arabia's
lsd; -
Lt More preoious than Jewels by him it was
deemed.
For it saved him from death in the desert's
white sand ;.
, There's many a rush i the river of lifre.
Like that of the Ganges, as humble and
plain,
Worth millions of flowers when trouble is
rife,
.When in the soul's ddbort. or racked by
brute pain.
Care well for these rushosl Their beauty will
shine
9 When that of mere flowers has faded away; I
All beauty of form must surely decline.
While beauty of soul will last ever and aye.
-James U. Bronson, in Union Signal.
A RIMAU DAHAN.
The Adventure of Two Little a
GfiIs in Sumatra. c
e. Near the southeastern point of Sums- C
d. tra. one of the largest islands of the V
- East Indian archipelago, there lived, a p
few lqes inland from Sunda strait, U
I tW American families whom I will n
call, respectively, Mowbray and Sher- t
wood, the head of the former owning a n
coffee plantation and that of the latter
a large area of rice fields. P
*s The Mowbrays had but one child, a n
ia fine, manly boy of sixteen, while the a
Sherwoods were the happy parents of Ci
two charming httle girls, the elder
named Lilian and the younger, Lulu. th
Many years ago, while making a pro- I
longed stay in southern Sumatra and a
an exploration of some of the smaller t1
adjacent islands, I became acquainted g
with both these families, and was much
surprised to find that neither knew of
) the other's existence, though their es
tates were separated only by a wide tl
bayou, running not very far inland. nl
This state of things I determined to hi
remedy on the earliest opportunity, tl
" feeling sure that these "strangers in a sl
k strange land"-my own countrymen- b'
. would take much comfort in each oth
er's society. But the pleasant task of L
introduction was taken out of my si
hands in an unexpected and rather w
singular manner. One day Lilian and al
Irulu Sherwood, ever in search of nov- ir
elties, had wandered, unattended, fe
nearly a mile from home and were W
gathering flowers along the edge of a
bridle path, which ran through a lux- d
uriant grove of cocoanut palms and at
wild orange trees, when they were so es
startled by the sudden appearance of a it,
horseman, coming around a bend in gi
the path on a gallop, that they invol
untarily screamed out in iffright. et
The rider, a bright-faced boy, carry- to
ing a silver-mounted rifle and bestrid- b
ing a beautiful Arab mare, instantly w
drew up, raised his hat, and said: "I m
beg your pardon, young ladies. I'm to
very sorry to have frightened you, but it
I did not see you at alL My name is in
Ernest Mowbray. My father is a cof- m
fee planter, and we live about six miles a
from here, on the other side of the big
bayou." sa
"Oh, we're not a bit frightened, er
now," replied Lilian. "We are Mrs. m:
Sherwood's little girls. Our papa owns ne
those rice fields over there, and it's he
only a little way to our house. We ch
were just picking some of these flow- "I
ers; they're so different from those in of
our own country. We came from the no
United States of America only two th
months ago, and everything here ti
seems very strange to us." toi
While the child was speaking, Ernest a
removed his hat entirely; and when ste
she uttered the words "United States"
with such evident pride he smiled de- yo
lightedly, bent almost to his saddle tie
bow, apologized once more, and rode ne
slowly away. yex
"My! what a nice, polite boy; he ho
speaks English, too; not that horrid of
Dutch, Malay and Chinese we hear tea
every day!" exclaimed Lilian. the
"Yes, and he called us young ladies!" J
chimed in Lulu. the
"Well, I'm sure we are young ladies; any
rm past ton and you're nearly nine," the
agel rejoined Lilian. "But I do wish hen
the y had stayed longer, so we could wh
have a good look at his pretty gun and Shi
that lovely horse! I don't suppose he
we'll ever see him again, though-"
wherein the small maid was greatly ful
mistaken. ing
After a little, the children left the a n
path and, always finding something got
new to admire, strayed deeper into the
wood. By and by they came to a wo
cleared space, evidently an old gaJlay dar
yam or maize field, whereon grew only lefI
a few huge wild orange trees and a his
clump or two of giant aeoti. As they wit
carelessly approached one of the latter, con
Lulu cried out: "Oh, sister! see that 3
curious-looking dog lying under the WAI
big circtus. Ile's got a pretty red bird won
between his paws and is going to eat it. mo
Let's go and drive him away." And cla'
the two innocor; walke'd straijgit off
toward a full-gro "clouded" or "tor- ver
toise-shell tiger!" and
This creature, really a species of said
leopard, and fopund only in Sumatra, is buy
called by the natives "rtinan dahan," me
a name which means, I believe, a you
climber of forked trees. During my spe
stay on the island I saw but two speci- B
mens of this, one of the rarest and mosat I m
beautiful of the cat family. ver
The animal is nearly as large as the is i
leopard of India, and of similar ar
boreal habits, though ordinarily not so dlro
fierce and dangerous. Its markings int
are quite unique, somewhat resembling She
those of the true tiger and leopard., tine
and yet not preeldsely similar to either,- bell
presentipg, as they do, a strange ad. The
mixture of tiger-like stripes, leoWpard
like spots, and hollow, disk-like -
patches. resembling those of the jag- the
sar. The general ground color of the that
fr is gray, and alonr the back of an my
ablt ulaiatt d3aiae rsa two beasii flsh
glossy black, extrading from the head
to the root of the tail, which last is
very long and covered by dark tings,
not greatly dissimilar to those of the
tab. American raccoon. The creature's legs
a are singularly powerful and its talons
w- long and sharp, so that, if so inclined,
it, can prove a terrible foe to man oa
eat beast, though it usually preys, I Was
lent told by Sumatra hunters, only upon
birds, monkeys, the young of deer and
ose. other weak animals.
When the little flower pickers got t
close to the supposed dog, Lilian s aid;
la's "Why, Lulu, that is hot a dog at all! t
It looks like some of the Wild beasts
w I've seen In picture books. See how its
,n back is bristling and Its tail puffing t
out, Just like our old eat when she's
angry; and oh! it's beginning to snarl
and and growl, too. Let's run away. It
might eat us upt"'
as But so soon as the children turned
to fly, the riman dahan, which would
probably have itself retteited ln an
will 3ther moment, took courage, and, with
a ling, light bound, pounced upon h
ay; them, knocking both down with two
appfrently playful taps of its fore
Spaws, in which, as yet, it kept.its h
l formidable claws completely sheathed. t
Thpn, seemingly delighted with such
hovel game, the sportive creatture be- h
gan to leap and frisk about, exactly as
does the dotiestle cat when tantalizing t
le a captive mouse. Sometimes, after i
crouching low, it would spring far
above the heads of the prostrate little al
,a- ones; at other times it would lie doWta, i1
he with a paw upon each, and graciously sc
,a purr, as it foudling its own young;:
it, again, it would roll them gently over hi
ill and over, wondering, perhaps, what b
.re- their outward covering -- neither fur 
a nor feathers-Could possibly be. at
er At first the poor children were so w
paralyzed with fright that they could te
a not cry out, but soon both began to al
Ie scream: '"Papa, papal papal Come, of
of come; oh, come quickl" fir
er So far from frightening the "tiger," de
. these cries seemed merely to make it e
o- angry. It began to handle the captives dr
id a little more roughly, sometimes pro- le
or truding its claws, and switching its f,
ad great tail excitedly from side to side. in
:1 Though certainly not hungry, the of
of terribly beautiful beast was gradually pa
a. giving way to its fierce instinct, and te
lc the danger of the helpless infants was ha
now imminent, for if, while repeatedly of
to hooked into their clothing, whenever wv
, they attempted to rise, the sharp talons se,
a should chance to draw blood, all would th
be over in a moment. be
1- This sti-ange situation had lasted, qu
,f Lilian thought, aboit fifteen minutes; an
,y she and Lulu exhausted by screaming n1
;r were pitifully clasped in each other's ink
id arms, and the rimau dahan, no longer for
v- irritated by their cries, stood a few pu
f, feet awary, attentively watching them, th
e when, swift as a falcon's swoop, wi
a Ernest Mowbray and his trained Arab ge
c dashed from out the encircling wood. Int
.d and, before the great spotted cat could do
o escape, rode straight over it and hurled the
a It, now screeching with rage, to the the
n ground. inj
L. Tut by the time the gallant pair had the
checked their headlong speed and the
Sturned around, the terror-stricken wt
L- beast had sprung into the fork of a m,
y wild orange tree, which was precisely str
* what Ernest wanted, as he had feared gri
n to fire at it while in such close prox- an
tt imity to the children, lest, being not uri
s instantly killed by the first shot, it ele
-. might, in its death struggles, do them the
s a mischief. see
g Now, however, still sitting in the cla
saddle, he raised his rifle, took delib- Ma
erate aim at a spot just below the ani
mal's ear, and pulled the trigger. No DI
need for the second cartridge, which Th,
She instantly threw up to the breech
e chamber; for a rifleman who had I
"barked" tiny red squirrels in the tops tov
a of Ohio and Kentucky hickories was tra
e not likely to miss so fair a mark as ha,
o this. The bullet, striking square and wh
e true, passed clear through the crea- coc
ture's brain and, without so much as wi'
t a single mi-aou, it dropped to the earth, an(
I stone dead! go
Then, hurriedly dismounting, 4e wh
young sportsman ran to assist the lit- o'cl
_ tie girls, finding, to his great joy, that a re
neither was at all hurt. The uncon- goi
ventional little misses had not learned. en
, how to faint, and, beyond the soiling
1 of their dainty frocks and the stain of
r tears on their pale cheeks, were none Gol
the worse for their perilous adventure. I
After both had shudderingly'admired my
the brilliant coat of their late enemy, aga
and Lilian had at least tried to thank nin
their rescuer, the latter, henceforth a
, hero in their eyes,pseorted them home;
L where, In answer to Mr. and Mrs.
t Sherwood's grateful acknowledginents, sel.
he modestly said:
"I am the one who ought to be thank- the:
ful; for, besides the happiness of help- we'
ing these young ladies, I have secured by
a rare trophy-one I never should have mai
got but for them." ing
"That reminds me," said Mr. Sher
wood; "that the valuable pelt may be bell
damaged by birds or beasts of prey if tire
left long where it is." And,'mounting
his own horse, he rode speedily back hya
with Nrnest to the scene of the en- you
counter. in'.
Bortunately; the "tiee's" carcass
ws still . untouched, and Mr. Sher- qu
wood, a veteran hunter, quickly re
moved the beautiful hide, with head,
claws and tail complete. Next day I vies
offered the boy forty dollars for it; but notl
very naturally, considering its rarity "1
and the incidents of its acqusition, he his
said that "no amount of money could "I
buy it"- speechb which rathei pleased two
me than otherwise, as proving the 'lIei
yolth to be as true a gentleman as quid
sporitsman. oug]
Before leaving the country, however, man
I myself was lucky enough to shoot a
very fne rimau dahan, and I yet have B
its gorgeously handsome skin. com
The strange meeting of their chil- hom
dren, of course, led tc an immediate kite
intimnacy between the Mowbrays and "s
Sherwoods-an intimacy doubtless eon- she
tinned to this day, as both families, I t'i
believe, still reside id Snmatra.-W.. Wa
-Thompson, in N. Y. Independent. 'two
-Daughter - "I love him. He is
the light of ~ m y life." Fathcr-"Well,
that's all right; but I object to having o th
my house lit up by bl~. 4 mid ohe
·dP~'Lgtae~ .2
a AN INDIAN FAI~NV.LAND.
Spliedore of OeQenpore, the °Clty ot ime
he . . tnle" I
Paessie under arches, we ectnetye
m from the shadow into a darzle of light:
from the broad platform of old and t
d yellow marble, well polished by the
a_ constant friet'ion of bare feet, a few
low steps lead downr to the blue water
id of the Piehol lake. On one side a
white wall ending in a little temple
outs ofl the view: the dancing reflec
tion of the sttn in the Water is thrown
up in long ripjplig Waves of light into
the shadow of the eaves. The view
down the lake on the other side is un
ts surpassable in hIdia. A long tserpec
ag tive of white palaces, with many
e domes and oriel-windows, with solid
it masses of dark. foliage rising from
the water here atid there, reaches to o
the great supporting walls of the Rf- 51
na's castle. and at this point the lake
d dlnas ott late greater Width; its hori- y
z son of gardens and hills beyond is in- a
terrupted only by the fantastic sil- e°
n houettes of the island palaces, which it
Vo seem to float between water and sky; o0
e- it is as if the elusive mirages which we T
ta had so often seen on our way across p
the white salt deserts of Persia, and tl
Which had always melted into thin air, I
' had at lastbecome materialized here. As
we stand on the steps and look across pj
kg the water in front of us, which is
r like a narrow river at this point, we p,
ir see. other temples among dark trees, st
le all in the shadow, and there are also la
s little garden pavilions, with steps de la
L scending to the water, and sometimes %v
* with graceful arcade galleries over- g,
r hanging it. Just now the platform ac
A behind its and the steps are crowded k,
LP with women and young girls, babies
and children, all either bathing or a
0 washing their bronze water-jars, chat- cu
d tering, gossiping, laughing, or lying
° about in the genial afternoon sunshine Ia
' of January, and not at all in a hurry to
finish their work or to go home. Un- m
der and through the white arches an te
it endless throng of these gracefully La
a draped,. swaying figures, in scar- in
let, in crimson and dull gold, in
faded reds and warm blues, carry- la
ing on their heads the great vases of
e of glittering metal, is continually tii
V passing to and from the wet and glis
tening steps. The golden afternoon
haze is beginning to soften the white On
V of the walls, but to-morrow morning. qa
r when this side is in shadow, we shall an
see exactly the same mellow glow on
the opposite side, and the difference Ac
between morning and afternoon is an
quite too intangible to express with an
any painter's medium. A boat with a di
f numerous crew is waiting at the land- bl
s ing, and having settled ourselves com- be
r fortably among the cushions, we are
r pushed off from the shore and steer for q'
the island of "Jug Navas,"
,which is the nearest of the lar- br
ger islands, and seems to be the tit
more material. As the boat moves of
I down the lakes towards the islands, a I
I the glow and power of the white light th
s thrown back from the vast and tower- tei
ing expanse of blank wall from which ple
I the Rana's palace soars upward against ga
the deep blue of the sky. and from the the
white city at its side, is almost too Zi
much for the eyes. All this white, alt
streaked in places with *the golden wi
I green of the hanging terraced gardens, las
and the scarlet and multicolored fig- crr
ures on the stepag and the drinking of
elephants, is mirrored below, and until the
the plow cuts the glassy surface, it ve,
seems at times like passingovera white ova
cloud.-Edwin Lord Weeks, in Harper's we
Magazine. Ha
DID NOT SIT UP FOR NOTHING.
The Mississlppl Landlord Saw His GaO-st
Off According to Promise. Sol
I had a funny experience in a little
town on the lower Mississippi, said a I
traveling salesman recently. The place to
had but one hotel, the landlord of we
which conducted everything except the wh
cooking and house-cleaning, which his mu
t wife attended to. I was the only guest, 1
and when I told him that I wanted to or
go up the river on a packet, due any- Th
where between midnight and three ani
o'clock in the morning, I was shown to pla
a room immediately over the office, and '
going to sleep when I heard a shrill mr
feminine voice call: un,
"John, you came to bed." sev
"Sallie, yon know I kain't go to bed. rea
Got to wake that blamed drummer." pot
I enjoyed the situation and laughed 1
myself wide awake, not getting sleepy the
again for two hours. Then the femi- to I
nine voice called again: con
"John, I say*come to bed." a
"I kain't go to bed." has
"Let that pesky drummer wake his- nee
self." sell
"Tain't no way to run a hotel," and ple
there was a silence again. Finally I it ii
went to sleep and was soon awakened enc
by the most unearthly racket. The old Y
man was pounding on the office ceil- eitl
ing with a broom handle. sati
"I'm awake," I answered. "I don't tha
believe I'll go on that boat. I'm too '
tired. I'll wait until to-morrow." to I
"I reckon you won't. You be down mec
hyar in two minutes or I'll be arter dif
you. I ain't goin' to set up for noth- F
in'." wel
I caught the boat.-Cincinnati En- nec
quirer. _ tire
A Lack tof Thoroughae. T
"This novelist," said the book re- so
viewer, "means well, but he knows wat
nothing about anatomy." tot
"What makes you think so?" asked be
his wife. T
"In writing of a love scene between seni
two people in Philadelphia he says, ity,
'Her words had stung Reginald to the them
quicl.' Anybody, it seems to me,
ought to know that a Philadelphia
man hasn't any quick."-Judge. N
A Difference. fre
Bridget had just informed the unwel. tro
come caller that the lady was not at 'te
home, and as she returned to the p
kitchen she moralized. pa
"It makes a great diferencey' quoth e
she, wvhin an' how yez practice a good fun
t'ing. Not tellin' a loie made George he
Washington famous, but, begorrah, ton
'twould hoy lost me me job."-W-ash
ington Star. b
-The man who claims that there il that
no such thing as an honest man telJ: the
others what he thinkg of himeolt-- for
Bmaz'· Hore. Isl
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
he -Parsnip Fritters.-To half a dosen
boiled, mashed parsnips, add two ta
blespoonfuls of flour, two beaten eggs,
't and a little pepper and salt. Form in
id to little cakes and browl n butter.
ie Orange Jud I Far mer.
Beet Coffee.- Wash good beets
a thoroughly, but do not scrape; slice,
e and brown n a moderate Oven, taking
care not to blirt. When brown, break
n in small pieces and steep the same, as
o ordinary coffee.-Good Health.
w-A mlhod to prevent flannel from
. hrinking' is to hold it over the steam
s of boiling water. When thoroughly
y damp it can be immersed. This should
d be done before the flannel is cut.
n Skeins of wool to "be used in knitting
or crotcheting are often treated in the
same way.
e -Spiced Rolls.-Take a piece from
I. your bread dough and roll it out half
L- an inch thick, brush the top with melt
L- ed butter and cover thick with cinna
b mon and fine white sugar. Begin at
-; one side and roll up as jelly cake.
e Then cut it an inch thick and lay in a
s pan as biscuit close together and let
a them rise and bake twenty minutes.
Boston Budget.
a -Cold Lamb.-Cut the lamb in small
s pieces, place in a frying-pan with a
% green onion finely chopped, salt, pep
a per, a bay leaf, and peas in quantity to
ý suit the meat, also a little of the cold
3 lamb gravy. Add a pinch of flour, a
large spoon of butter, and enough
s water to cover it evenly; let it simmer
gently for half an hour. TWhen done,
1 add the juice of a lemon.-H..use
I keeper.
s -Steamed Indian Pudding.. -One
r scant cupful of corn meal, one large
cupful of sour milk, one cupful of chop
r ped beef suet, one-half cupful of mo
lasses, and one teaspoonful of salt.
Mix the milk and molasses, add the
meal, salt and suet, and lastly add one
teaspoonful of soda, dissolved in one
tablespoonful of hot water. Pour this
into a buttered mold, cover closely and
steam it three hours. Serve with mo
lasses sauce. A cupful of berries, or
of apple, is an improvement to this old
time pudding.-Good Housekeeping.
-To Remove Ink from Paper.-Put
one pound of chloride of lime to four
quarts of water. Shake well together
and let it stand twenty-four hours; then
strain through a clean cotton cloth.
Add one teaspoonful of acetic acid to
an ounce of this prepared lime water,
and apply to the blot, and the ink will
disappear. Absorb the moisture with
blotting-paper. The remainder may
be bottled, closely corked, and set
aside for future use.-Christian In
qiirer.
-Brown Betty.-Pound the fine at tie I
bread, and slice fine a sufficient quan
tity of tart apples to fill a baking-dish I
of the size desired. Put at the bott',m
a thin layer of bread crumbs, dot over z
this layer generously with bits of but- i
ter,-then a thick layer of slices of ap- I
ple sprinkled with cinnamon and eu- d
gar, then a layer of bread crumbs with c
the butter, another layer of apples
with sugar and cinnamon, continuing i
alternately till the dish is filled to f
within an inch or two of the top, the V
last layer being composed of the f
crumbs and butter. Scant the layers i
of bread crumbs, as they swell with r
the moisture. If the apples are not v
very juicy, pour a little milk or water I
over the whole in order to moisten
well. Bake an hour in a slow oven.
Harper's Bazar. e
STORMY DAYS.
Some Suggestions as to ,iodtc, Comfort asi
Enjoyment. ~ n
However philosophical we may be as
to the duty of going out in all sorts of iý
weather, there certainly come da3s h
when, in our climate at least, it is t
much pleasanter to remain at home. a
The rain descends in heavy showers, b
or the blinding snow thickens the air. u
The wind whistles through the trees a
and announces ithelf through open fire h
places.
Then, comparatively safe from inter- lI
ruption, what a comfort one feels in tl
undertaking some waiting piece of ci
sewing or in beginning a book whose
reading has been indefinitely post- n
poned. a
The sense of leisure seems to quicken ei
the faculties. It is really wonderful
to find how much it is possible to ac
complish on a delightful stormy day. al
The enjoyment of the weather is en
hanced by the consciousness that one y'
need not go out in it. There is even a bi
selfish pleasure in watching other peo- et
pie pass the house, and in feeling that Ce
it is unnecessary to share their experi- a
ences. at
Yet it may be that these, who are
either braver or stoilter, are extracting e
satisfaction from the storm no less
than the stay-at-home.w
There is a sort of triumphant feeling o0
to be known in battling with the ele- o
ments as well as in facing the other t
difficulties of life.
For those who go out in stormy "
weather, either from preference or
necessity, it is most important to be at
tired suitably for the occasion. ca
The storm dress now adopted by '
some women, which is made of stout
water-proof material and reaches only B,
to the top of the boots, would seem to
be a protection against taking cold.
There are times when the artistic
sense needs to bend before stern util- n(
ity, and a real stormy day is one of of
these times.--Harper's Bazar. ot
eq
A HMit on Chaeoiate. li1
Never serve tea or chocolate with bl
fried foods, says an authority on gas- in
tronomy. Serve coffee with fried lob
ster, oysters, and all kinds of fish, also er
with cheese. Aside from being an un- w
palatable and inartistic combination, h
tea also renders such foods indigesti- p
ble. Many a womman who has a hoise bl
furnished in perfect taste sets before tn
her family and guests food-combina- i1
tions that are inartistic and repulsive
to a cultivated palate. Food fried in
butter is much more indigestible than da
that fried iq lard or olive oil, which Is in
the best and mt economical medium
for trying 4 is 4tp £t-.---. Yy, nu
poet we
f1HE IMODEL CONFIDANTrE.
-em eome et the Characteristic Which She
t,. Ought Without Fall to remeees.
ga, The confidante's lot is not a happy
in. one. She may think that it is when
she is listening to her friend's thrilling
tale before the midnight fire, but she
eta soon learns her mistake. When people
ask her questions, when she burns
Ce, with philanthropic desire to pass on
sg her good news or to share her secret,
aa then she feels the misery of her posi
tion. She also finds it embarrassing
when she is unable to remember in
im December what was confided to her in
Lm June, and her friend assumes that she
ily recalls it perfectly. She has to give
ld just the advice which is desired,
s but if following that advice leads
ag to unfortunate complications, she must
he assume the blame. She must be inter
ested and sympathetic, and never cnri
tm ous. She needs the wisdom of the
sif sages and the tact of the diplomats, to
It- gether with the secretive disposition of
ia- the Sphinx. Even then she will prob
at ably make a mistake. Only one per
re. son is more to be pitied than the con
a fidan te. and that is the person who
ei confides. She goes about the world
- forever afterward convinced thatf her
secrets are in the possession of one who
ll will not guard them properly.
a Nevertheless the custom of confiding
p. will continue as long as women let
to down their hair and unbutton their
Id frocks together. There is something
a about the act of brushing the hair
.h which invites confidence on Jthe one
er hand and makes the outpouring of
e, one's soul a neccsssity on the other.
e. As soon as twvo women take off their
street bodices and assume dressing
le sacques they are bound to be confiden
tial. They feel that there is nothing
e which should be concealed from the
P person who has an opportunity to tell
o whether their seams are bound or
merely overcast, and- whether their
underwaists are trimmed with lace or
to Hamburg edging.
is There are many things for the wom
an who holds confidential relations I
wvith many people to remember. The =
first one is that it is seldom worth
w hile to make oneself disliked by gir
ing advice or opinions which are con
trary to those desired. At the same
it time she should bear in mind that she
ir will be held responsible for these opin
'r ions and counsels till her dying day. I
n She must also resolutely decide to keep
silent-about what was- told her in con
fidence until such time as she learns
r, that the confidential woman has spread l
11 her secrets broadcast. It is always
h likely that the confiding persons will
ly do this, and that some other confi- u
dante will talk. Then every one who I
- knows the stories is released from the e
seal of secrecy and can talk to her H
ie heart's content. t
2- The confidant must be prepared to B
h hear the same story frequently, and I
n must display a convenient forgetful- v
hr ness if she observes that her friend is 7
t- in the mood for talking. On the other c
hand, she must remember even small
1- details most accurately if the confiding
h one seems to expect that. C
s The woman who does all these things
g in such a manner that it satisfies her a
o friend will have her reward. She will
e gain a reputation as an admirable con- a
e fidant, and will then have an opportun- g
s ity to enlarge her knowledge of other
h people's private affairs, which is a re- s
t ward no woman will scorn.-N. Y.
r Heratll.
PAPERS AND TWINE. il
Some Praetical Advice on the Subject of b;
Their Best Uses. ft
Wrapping paper, old newspapers,and
the various useless odds and ends that ft
collect about a kitchen are an awful rc
nuisance. If you put them in the fire tl
it smudges it out; if you throw them
in the ash barrel it soon fills up; if you ec
have no particular place to put them
they get around under your feet and hi
annoy you that way. All good, smooth
brown paper should be neatly folded tv
up and laid on a shelf in a place set G1
apart for it. It never comes amiss to
have about; you want it for lunches;
to send away packages, to do up the
laundry in; you want it for a dozen
i things, and probably never have a so
clean piece at hand. The paper .bags s
should be put away in the same man- re
ner. It is a small economy, but saves pl
a great deal of time when you want gi
either. w,
1 The twine that comes around the of
packages should be made up in a ball m
and kept in a tiny box or basket hung H
high out of the reach of small hands, to
yet handy to run to when you want a -th
bit of cord. For the useless odds and hi
ends make a bag out of cheap print or
cretonne, or piece one out of pretty th
scraps and line it so that it will be dc
strong. One as large as a common
flour-sack will not be too large. (ath- le
er it at the bottom and fasten with a
bow of cambric, and at the top make a ec
wide hem, into which put a thick wire he
or small hoop. Htang this in a corner th
out of the way and throw into it all
the bits of paper, cloth and trash of
that character. When the bag is full
roll the contents in a big newspaper m
and tie with a string and pile up in th
the coal house until you have the ashes
carted away, and then it can be carried se
away without trouble or extra cost.
You can have a dozen such bundles and
not notice the room they take up.
Boston Herald.
The Enemy of Bacl -' l -O
Let us keep in mind that good, well- na
nourished blood is the enemy of bacilli
of consumption the same as it is of all
other germs, and other things being ni
equal, that can be best procured by br
living an outdoor life as near as possi- co
ble, even to the extent of almost sleep- cr
ing beneath the stars. Camping out
and roughing it and the taking of ex
ercise which engages the muscles as cr
well as the mind, which encourages ba
the appetite as well as the digestive a.
powers of the glutton, thus renew tie
blood in such a manner as to assist na
ture in the work of throwing off the
hisease.-N. Y. Advertiser.
An Explanatioe.
Proud Father-That is a sunset my o
daughter painted. She studied paint- at
ing abroad, you know. tr
Friend-Ah! that oxplains itf, I
never sarw a sunset ike that $1g tgi
onatory-Paghk
HE WAS POLITE.
Oas Hawkll s eit a Oheat That WNA
Afeetleoaate.
- Hawkins was a reformer..
4 9-- wanted to reform our meth
g .eating ghosts.
1e "Why, I don't see," I said to hinr
La day-I don't see buit we treat
is properly enough."
"'F'aps you'd like to be treated;
t a ghost yourself? When a man
j. sight of ye hey him take to his
g an' run, hey? When a woman
n hey her scream an' faint away
n if she had seen a mouse? Ev'ry
e bein 'skeddadlin' the minate he eoas
, in sight of ye, an' i ha to goor
1, skeddadle plumpin' down on his
Ls a.d face an' prayin' the Lord Ioy
,t him? How'd ye like it?"
r "Well, Gus, it would be ratherch
i. "I wish I could see a- gh:. o .
e I'd show him that there is a lI$fl .
. politeness left in humannastuV asrs
,j alL Nobody's ever been killed by s-^
,f ghost; nobody's ever been cheated by;
a ghost; nobody's ever been Insu~ltifed
L by a ghost, an' every ghost. I. ves~' `.ý
o heerd of has behaved like a perf'et-
a gentleman. I'd like to meet one. P.1
r show him that I could be as much'of-.
o gentleman as he."
Well, last May Gus did meet;
after all. While he was.
t through the.Spruce Hollowgra e
Sbhe saw a ghost sitting with his- .
crossed on 'Squire Perkins tombstoef
r "Bullo!" said Gus.,,
"Hullo!" said the Ghost.
r "Kinder damp an' cold out .:
ain't it?" said Gus. "Come down,' te--- -:
r my house over the hill an' get,
supper an' a hot cup er tea, sa' "-:
we'll have a little talk together." -' 
"Well, if you'd jest es soon,:'- .
into this tomb here," said theR0
"I shall be kinder bashful inh'ai ,,
hain't been into one for so long.Pr m . 
more used to bombs." -
"All right, go ahead!" said Gas anheJ
they entered the tomb. .
"Let's sit down on this o *f
gether," said the Ghost, aIn"
nice little talk."
"Jest what would s1'alms,".:'
Gus.
"Sit up a little closer," saidthe Ghost.
"I'm cold."
"Glad to 'commodate ye," said Gus,
as he nudged up as close as he could
get.
"Let me put my arms 'round ye an':
see if I can't git thoroughly war
up for once," said the Ghost, th i z
his arms around Gus as he a ap e ".
"Do you know," said th
"you're the only feos
understood me sinceI'e I've e
like you. You're a trump _i ,
excuse me jest a minute : -
know I feel that there. is 
the matter with my body ih
grave down there. You excuse
minute while I go and see. Sit .ig "'
where you are and I'll be ba"h .Sa a
jiffy an' we'll have a nice talk tog
Cr."
Gus sat still and the Ghost vanished.
He sat for five minutes; still, the
Ghost did not return.
At the end of ten minutes he got up
and walked out in search of the Ghost.
He looked at the fifth grave but it
was undisturbed and the grass was
growing above it luxuriantly.
"W'Vell, I can't wait here all night,"
said Gus. "Let's see, what time is it?"
But Gus had no means of telling
what time it was-his watch was gone.
He discovered that by feeling in his
left-hand vest pocket. Also a roll of
bills was gone. He discovered this by
feeling in his right-hand vest pocket.
"Well, I thought thet ghost was aw
ful affeetionit when he put his arms
roun' me," said Gus. "Hullo! whut's
this?"
Just here Gus stooped down and lift.
ed up a sheet.
"Guess the ghost has been undressin'
hisself," said Gus.
When Bill Stives was carried to jail
two months later for stealing a horse,
Gus's watch was found on his person.
-N. Y. World. ...
Why He Was Elected.
A member of the Ohio legislature of
some years ago had been elected from
a district which had always sent a rep
resentative of a different political com
plexion, and it happened that he was
given to bibulosity. He did well for a
week or so, but then the temptations
of a great city like Columbus were too
much for him, and he began to drink.
He kept it up for a whole week, and
for that long he never appeared about
the capitol. Then his friends looked
him up.
"By George, old man," said one of
them, "you'll have to quit this, and get
down to business."
"Oh, I guess not," he replied care
lessly.
"You're bound to or your constitu
ents won't stand it. They sent' you
here to do something for them and
they expect you to do it."
"No, they didn't," he insisted.
This was a poser. ,
"They didn't?" exclaimed the spokes"
man. "What did they send you for
then?"
"Why," he laughed, "they had to
send me to keep the other fellow from
coming."--Detroit Free Press.
The Fate of Tatalns.
Mrs. Scribbler (impressively)-What
ever you do, never, never mamrry a
newspaper man.
School Chum-Why not?
"I married one, and I know. Every
night my husband brings home b. ,:ig
bundle of newspapers from all oves the
country, and they 'most drive lbee.
crazy."
"The newspapers?"
"Indeed they do. They arse .·7t .
crammed with the meostaois
bargains, in stores a thousand 'l
away."-N. Y. Weekly.
Net Partleran
HNe-Will yea have ame -
She-Yea.
"And you will take m _ ". .
for worse, 'without kmat.
about me? How gooe.. •a, .
trusting."
"Oh, thsi 'a lltigl
Prks A