9r. g, x5894. pe
thu
Sbtold tiahe Republicans tut
e action of the sugar gru
minating a candidate, ho
-writhout even inviting ca
dme around and look on. sa.
-of the true, consistent sp
"s of the third district ho
nspicuously absent from the tar
 ngs of the nominating con- the
on held at the Royal hotel. the
;.kl standbys seemed to have de
completely ignored. Are o
not good enough for their new de
ers? A nominating conven- to
'f Third District Republicans th
at a high-toned hotel in New ke
eas is not in accord with the to
history of the party of protec- cc
tiw this district. Are we about lai
i6 treated to the amusing spec- or
of a lily-white and soot-black hi
apublican party. af
... The politicians who are afraid gr
Kf the sugar planters' move com- W
jihuae to talk negro rule, negro
's`tpfemacy, and such nonsense.
St Martinville Messenger.
- The Messenger would have us
i, believe that talk of negro rule is al
aowsense. Our confrere is not so in
young that he has forgotten the ut
-edorous times of the last years of n
ie sixties. What kind of rule was a
t when Pinchback was lieutenant c
jgovernor of the State; when the m
#iuky-headed Dunn and C. C. An
toine held the same office, and m
later when several negroes held im- t
portant offices in St Martin, Lafa- s
yette and the other neighboring par- w
ishes. Our own parish had a bit- P
ter taste of it and only a few years t
can not efface from the minds of if
our white people the dark figure of q
black radicalism. s:
er
The Advocate has all along been
the staunch friend and defender of
the sugar planters of Louisiana. b
During the late furious fight made
against their interests we have con
sistently stood up for the sugar
planter and opposed a policy fz
which we deemed would be unjust l
to them. We have made an intelli
gent, consciencious figlt for a, duty T
on sugar on the Democratic theory a
of a tariff for revenue. This theory T
has triumphed and no sooner does In
this become an accomplished fact hi
than the planters meet and repudiate o
the efforts of all their friends by de- 0I
lfaring for protection as a principle,
and claiming the right to regulate p
their politics by their private inter
ests. Right here we part company. n
The Advocate is a friend of the su- b
gar interests of Louisiana but it will c
never consent to become an apolo- a
gist for such an obnoxious system
of political brigandage. We are a
Democrat, not for revenue, but as a
matter of principle founded upon T
honest convictions.-Baton Rouge
Advocate.
Carroll D. Wright, who went out t
to Chicago to investigate the Pull
man strike with a Pullman 1 ass in
his pocket, is having lots of fun
with the Western papers and with I
the laboi leaders, who seem to think
that the United States commissioner
of labor ought not to be a dead
head. There was certainly no
evidence of partiality in the examina
tion of witnesses by Mr. Wright and
his associate commissioners, and
there is no reason to expect any
partiality in their report; and yet
it would have been better not to
travel as Mr. Pullman's guest. But
Carroll D. Wright is a thrifty per
. on He is probably the highest
" id civil officer, except the Pres
- ldnt, in the service of the United
-attes. He is commissioner of
ls-bor with a salary of $5000 a year;
qprintendent of census, at $3ooo
yyiear, and chairman of the special
commission on the Chicago strike
,t So a day-say 3650o per anunm
--and expenses. There is ucques
Fionably room for the suggestion
-that out of this accumulation of
alrines Mr. Wright could afford to
*,p y his own way. Sitting as a judge
Sthe case of Debs vs. Pullman,
,-atitude does become a little
sting when the pass comes
,~t, S~tns,. chairman of the
j isoual District Exe
- it4 has made the
E1ib.-t" Ho n. Andrew
- th. Deanocratic
E~~-rrt~~~i~nI-I -osbcmealt
ionly~ on71 ~P con
!hCCtiu ' 4 ir n C on, n' it
Si not bab -th ht 111 eet
with any opposition within the pi
party. An able and faithful service w
d of two terms in the lower house of w
Congress has endeared him to the ce
people of this district, who will show sa
their-approval of his course by re- ii'
s turning him to the Federal Con- it
r gress, of. which he has been an vi
honorable and useful member. It bi
g cannot be said that he has or will R
sacrifice sugar. His votes and o0
t speeches on that question show tc
t how true he has been to this, Louis- tt
te ana's chief industry. He is one of p1
the largest sugar manufacturers in d,
the State, and if a man cannot be al
e depended upon to look after his R
ao vn interests, upon whom can we fa
depend? Not only to sugar, but w
- to all the other interests concerning to
s the people of Louisiana he has been
v keenly alive. He has never failed
e to respond when called upon by his
constituents for small as well as D
it large favors. He is 5oung, vigor
ous, able and popular, and with c<
k him as the Democratic nominee, f
after the ides of November the dis- o1
d gruntled planters will, like Tomi
Watson, wonder where they are at? It
ti
o WhIITHER ARE THE Y ti
DRIFZING ? -
is For new Republicans, and nation- aI
al ones at that, the bolters are do- a
o ing as well as could be expected v
under the circumstances. We
> never believed that a man could be ti
is a national Repuolican, State Demo- C
crat and parochial Populist. He a
te may belong to no party and be a
1_ mugwump, but he cannot be a
d member of two or three parties at
the same time. Our sugar friends
started out as protectionists; they C
were next heard of as national Re- c
t_ publicans, and now they appear in
rs the role ot full-pledged Rads. And I
, if we may judge by the clippings -
) quoted below they will soon out
s:rip Kellogg and Warmoth and
read them out of the Republican
party as political heretics. -
The City Item, the organ of the
a. bolting planters, published the fol
le lowing editorial, whose unparalleled i
mendacity and gross absurdity will
ar cause every decent man to turn
y from it sick at heart. Says the
st Item:
' It is said, and truly at that, t'ltt the
ty Third Distract cannot he carrie:l unless th
Governor and his henchmlan convert it into
ry a slaughter pen, as they didl in day; of yor.^-.
ry The bye-word or phrase of the great clnti
lottery chieftain's bailiwick has he·r '-if that
es nigger won't vote SUch and su:ch a ticket kill
ct hi. ':' The hands of many politicians fro11
the Third l)ictrict are crimson with the bo.lo
te of some poor innocent colored man, whose
e- only offense was that he had voted for the
party which caused his einancipataion.
e, Governor Foster's capi i.l, i ihis last comn- I
te paign, was the fact of hi; being a glorious
anti-lottery leader and a great nigger slayer.
'r- The times have changed si;ce then and
y. now the anti-lottery cry is dead and cinn:ot
be resurrected.
tt Owing to the recent split in the D)emo
ill cratic party the question of killing the ne
gro has got to be a two-edged sword. Sen
ator Caftery, who is a near and dear relative
:n of Governor Foster, is the recipient of a
diploma for the loyalty displayed by him to
a the nigger killing cause. On his hirth h:
s a carries many scalps taken from the hteatls of
the black men who had the audacity to op
on pose him in politics.
ge The next in line is the following
resolution adopted by the conven
)ut tion which nominated Mr. Kerno
ll- chan. It doubtless refers to the
in anti-mis-cegenation bill, the Jith
un Crow Car bill and the other bills
ith passed to keep the two races sepa
ink ate. Here is the resolution:
r "We condemn the reactionary legislation
e of our last and preceding Legislatures dis
ad- criminating against citizens of the State as
oppressive, unjust and humiliating to one
class, breathing the spirit of caste and tend
na- ing to establish permanent distinctions and
Lnd inequality in our free republic in violation
of the spirit of the Federal Constitution."
nd Another resolution adopted at the
Lny same meeting is the following:
yet "We denounce the Democratic .adminis
tration, national, State and municipal, as
incapable, treacherous and venal, and no
But longer deserving the confidence or support
Sof the people, and to their combinedl in
fluence must we ascribh the manifold ills
iest from which the people stuffer."
res CLASS LEGISLA TION.
ted Our worthy confrere of the St
of Martinville Messenger takes us to
tar; task because we said that the "boun
0 ty was too palpable class legislation
'ial to be endorsed by the masses," and
adds that "'to be consistent with the
nm party's policies we must advocate the
es- income tax, the most abnoxious kit d
o of class legisations; it is more," cor -
o :inues 2ur Bayou Teche brother,
t " it is a for-,m of persecution and
dge blackmail upon the industrious and
an, thrifty." Our friend is so mad with
the Democratic party because it
es abolishedthe bounty that he can't
see anything good in it. The
bounty money was extorted from
the the masses and given to a few hun
Exe- dred sugar manufacturers in this
the and'other states. The income tax
rew will be collected from wealthy per.
atic sons and the money will be used tc
.. .tt t2he goernment. Unlike the
'Wl4Od .lks<Y- it ncs taken from Tort
to"be more fos tate. If the
tax w c ted fro
nd en t e poor
ldl be c leg tion an h
emonoatic party oufd not have
passed a law so grossly inconsistent
with its principles. The people lan
who will be called upon to pay the in- by
come tax are atle todo so. For the not
sake of argument we admit thait the ta
incometax - is class legislation, but
it has the rare merit of being in fa
vor of the poorer class, who have 5
bourne the chief burden under the
Republican tariff and bounty laws, M
of which our erring brother seems
to be so fond. In order to relieve
the poor the Democratic party has ba
put a tax on the immense incomes po
deriving from the colossal fortunes of
amassed under laws enacted by the so,
Republicans. Just as a matter of in'
fact, how many of your subscribers la,
will be made to pay the income t
tax ?
lai
The Cream of Current
Thought.
PUBLIC OPINION, published at Washington, Li
D. C., is a weekly journal devoted to the D
reproduction, in condensed form, of carefully pa
selected magazine articles and of editorials
comment from the representative daily and M
weekly press of all political parties, and to
from all parts of the country. The readers I.
of PUBLIC OPINION get all sides of every 5.
question. It is just the paper that the
farmer and villager need for general reading. In
It keeps its readers fully abreast of the in
times and supplies them with the best
thought of the day in the fields of American M
Affairs, Foreign Affairs Sociology, Commerce, I.
Finance, Religion, Science, Education, Art,
and New Books. PutBLIC OPINION and the m
rural weekly supplement each other admir pa
ably. Together they give the farmer or to
Svillager and his family more of current news,
editorial comment, and magazine literature 2.
than can be had in any other way for five di
times their cost- The price of PUBLIC CI
OPINION has been reduced from $3.00 to
$2.5o per year. We have just completed 31
arrangements by which we can offer PUBLIC 9(
OPINION and The Gazette for $3.00oo cash
per year. st
Bucklen's Arnica Salve. It
TITS BESr SALVEin the world for Cuts,
Bruises, Sores, Ucers, Salt Rheum, Fever N
Sores, 'Vetter, Chapped Hands. Chilblains, ir
Corns, and all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cares Piles, or no pay required. It is
guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction or is
money refunded. Price 25 cents per box.
I For sale by WVni. Clegg.
3
s - -
HORSES I CHICAGO STABLES.
I D."-l,.rd& Caronadelet., Nf. 0
HONEST DEALING Siubtie, Work sad BuaIenra 1
LOW PRICES Iiorrels Auetlon Weekly.
SSTATE TAX SALES.
STATE OP LOUIS!ANA VS. DE-3
LINQUENT TAX-PAY2RIS.
Parish of LItfay3utte, 17 l Jtudi- I
cial Distriet.
liv v -t.,e of t;e i..t -rity v,.'.te I in me by
the C...i .iituti n n an.I laws of the State of
t l.ouisi.na, I will sell, at the principle front
ii o1r of the errtr;, hutase ii which the Civil
I )i trict C ,ur' of Said parish is held, inl the a
said parishl of Lafayette, within the legal I
1hour f)r judi i:al sales, beginning at II
o )'cle,.'k a. Iii. on (
S.ttt:iy:t Oetober 20, 13933, }
an I cndiii'" g ion each s'..ccelin dlay tn
s til sa I s::_ a;e c-mullcte'l, all immwovable s
pr -rii sy w\h'.i tiax are now dluel to the a
State tf i.o.isana aid Parish of Lafayette, s
to eInfc cwile -tiOs of tixec; assessed in the c
vetr IS.3, to.,th1r with interest thereon s
from the 3St t.!y of Ii.e:elber 1893, at thle t
Srate of ,n: iper crnt - mo~nth until paid,
an, all c,;.. "th-I nia, of said doliq: ornt
• 1. tax p . t i- vOa, t ,f *he itxes dule by t
ea.5 n th , 1.- en1. Ff said year and the
t' i:n ui al p"r.s:rI y a, t.:,e to each to be
otiere. f, sale., as follaows, tO-nit:
SIrierre .. tni.a. 25 acres of land bounded
P- north by 1. o0.au, south by sate. State
tax 75c, arish 1.25S, oil 1.00oo, interest 48c,
,g cart Ic, tl ata 3.55.
Emile D)urand, ist ward, 54 acres bounded t
- north by A Breaux, soiuth by L G Arce
- naux; stl.te tax 3.66, parish 6. o, poll I.oo,
interest 1.72, cord o10, total 12.58.
L.essin l-reaIx heirs, 6 ward, 42 acres of
01 land lioun lea north by J. Breaux, south G.
E. B:raux; state tax 3.13, parish 5.22, in
terest 1.33, card loe, total 8.78
a- Ihere Andrus, col, lIt ward, 16 acres
bounded north by G Alexandre, south by J
Moutton: state tax 1 .o, parish 1.83, poll 1.00oo,
n interest 62c, card IOl; total 4.64.
Mrs Francois Booze, cel, 1st ward, 46
s acres Ih unded n.-rth by Mrs 13egnaud, south
by G Martin; state tax 1,97; parish 3.29,
- inrerest S4c, card lOc; total 6.20
d Edouard Foreman. 2d ward, 53 acres -of
n land bounded north by I A Foreman, sounh
by WVn Jones; state tax 1-94, parish 3.24,
poll I.oo,lInterest 9Sc, card toc; total 7.26
Htines Hoffpauir, 2.1 ward, So acres
bounded north by A Judice, south by F
s Forean, state tax 6.72, parish 11.2o, poll
a 1.oo, interest 3,0o, card eoc; total 22.o4
no .asti ttoffpauhr,2d wardSo acres bounded
rt nortrh by B Avant, south by S Hoffpauir,
i- I state tax 2.82, parish 4.73, poll i.oo, inter
ls est 1.36, card 1o; total 9.98
Preston Hotofpanir, 2d ward, -.53"acres
bounded north by S i)uhon, south by WV
Jones; 12 acres bounded north by unknown
south by Mrs D Navarre, state tax 6.to,
parish 10.18, poll 1.0o, interest 3.76; card
to 1; total 20.14.
Monrow SpellSr, 2d ward, 41 acres bound
1- ed north by 1V Jones, south by Perry; state
I.39, parish 2.33, poll 1.oo, interest 75c,
card 10, total 5-57
d Oneil Spell, 2d ward, 35 acres bounded
north by T Morgan, south by B HIofipanir;
state tax 93c, parish 1.53, poll 1.oo, inter
e est 53, card Ioto, total 4.13
d Jules WVlturner, col, 2d ward, 20 acres
bounded north by A \Vllturner, south by J
S- WVilturner; state tax 72c, parish 1.20, poll
r I.OO, interest 46e, card to, total 3.48
" Preston Benton, 3rd ward, 65 acres
rd bounded north by public road, south by J
nd ConstantiAs state tax 3.84, parish 6.40, poll
i.oo, interest .8.o, card 10, total 13.14.
ith Oscar Broussard, col,.4th ward, 8 acres of
it land bounded north by D J Broussard, south
by 1V landry; state tax 51c, parish 86c,
n"t poll I.oo, interest 37c, card boc; total 2.84
he Ihonore Jeanlouis. col, 4th ward, IS acres
of land bounded north by Frank Williams,
om south by A Pichard; state tax 1.34, parish
,n- 2.24, poll I.oo, interest 73c, card boc; total
his - Syfraygene Vallot's heirs, 5th ward. 12
acres of land bounded north by Bayou Tor
t tue, south by A D Girocard; state tax 21C,
er- parish 36=, interest 9c, card io, total 76
to o Clionede-Beno.t heirs, 6th ward, 42 acres
to of land bounded north by Z Arcenaux, s'.uth
the I. Lcblanc; state tax t.oo, parish 1.35, inter
 I est 37c, card boc, total I.85 ,
Im .ouis 13ea.n, 6th ward, 53 acres boatsided
*Bs north by' A Bro asarIlysouili b4- J reaga
U c nd ortm A
y ~Sr r. b,. I la acrasFb
ustded th ucbeire*1g, byld
Berna 33 acres unded Y y n
reaux, th by D "ux; sate ta'z.42,
parish q i PS, poll io, interest 5.6, card
to, total 36.80
Sosthene Prejean, 6th ward, 38 acres of
land bounded north by L. Leflanc, south
by J Broussard; 14 acres bounded north by
F P Richard, south by S Prejean; 8 acres
north J Prejean, south by .R Breaux; state
tax 3.3o, parish 5.30, poll I co, interest 1.56
card so, total 11.46
Louise LeBlanc's. heirs, col, 6th ward,
7 acres of land bounded north by T Benoit,
south by G Prejean; state tax 33e, 'parish
56c, interest r4c, card soc, total 1.13
J Bte Convoy, col, 3rd ward, I lot in
Boadreaux addition, bounded north by 0
M Guidry, south by J Latiolais; state tax
15c, parish zs5c, poll t.oo, interest 2zc, card
so, total 1.72
Frank Breaux, col, 3rd ward, 2 acres of
land bounded north by Lacoste Bros, south
by A Voorhies; state tax i.68, parish 2.80,
poll t.oo, interest 87c, -card soc, total 6.45.
Mrs Julie Duhon, col, 7th ward, 2 acres
of land bounded north by A Sellers,
south D Vincent; state tax 19c, parish 32c,
interest 89c, card soc, total 69c tio
Francis H. Simon, 8th ward So acres of
land bounded north by D Broussard, south ab
E S Hebert; state 4.32,parish 7.2o,poll .00oo,
interest 2.oo, card soc, total 14.62
Philogene Trahan, 8th ward 40 acres of lar
land bounded nod th by G Monte, south G D
Duhon; state tax 1.24, parish 2.00, poll o.00, Ees
interest 78c, card toc, total 5.09
Unknown property formerly. Mrs L.
Latiolais, 40 acres bounded north by G.
Duhon, south Louis Bernard; state tax 1.2o,
parish 2.o07, interest 57c, total 3-71 an
Philibert (.rouchet, corporation, t lot
Macomb's addition; lots 328, 354- 359 Mou- fee
ton's addition, vacant; state tax 2.49, parish
1.24 poll 1.oo00, istlerest 75c, card toc, total
5-8
5Mrs Frank Convoy, col, corporation, lot de
16 Mills addition; state tax s.65, parish 82c,
interest 39c, card soc, total 2.96
Michel Foot, col, corporation, lot 159
Mills addition; state tax 1.32,parish 66c,poll
t.oo, interest 47c, card loc, total 3-.55
Wm Foot Sr, col, corporation, improve
ments in Mccomb's addition; state tax 3oc!
parish 15c, poll t.oo, interest 23c card Ioc, -
total 1.78 .
Mrs Adiline Guidry, col, corporation lots
225, 226, and fraction lot 227 Mouton's ad
dition; state tax i.65,parish 82c,interest 39c,
card soc, total 2.96
Mrs Alex Linton, col, corporation, lot
366 Mouton's addition; state tax ISc, parish
9c, interest 4c, card toc, tothl 41C
Gehart Feringer, corporation, non-resi
dent, lot 1, 2, square 9, McComb'saddition;
state tax 1.2o, parish 6oc, interest 2oc, card
soc, total 2. to
Ambroise Judice, corporation, n. r, lot x65,
Mouton's addition: state tax ISc, parish 9c,
interest 4c, card soe, total 41e,
Thomas Klinpeter, corporation, n. r, lots
553, 156, Mill's addition; state tax 45c, par
ish zze, interest Ioc, card Ioc, total 87c
Wm Landry, corporation, n. r, I lot square
t2, Mccomb's addition; state tax 9c, parish
3c, card soc, total 22c
Paul Singleton, corporation, n. r, I lot E
Mill's addition; state tax 75c, parish 37c,
interest 17c, card toc, total 1.39
Mrs Neville Biazile. col corporation, lot
317, 318 iouton's addition; state tax 1.20,
parish 6oc, interest 2Sc, card oez, total 2.13
E- Emile Broassard, non-resti ent, 4 acres
of land Bounde. north by M St,.is, souToth
G. II. Broussard. state tax 1sc, parish 25e,
interest 6e, card lbc, total 56c
XVehnsan lra:iford, snoi-resid.n;t. :6t acres
,'ntoole1 north N \V ., sec 21, T 9. S R -,
3, E; 5 acres S C corner, sec 25. T 9 S R;
state. tax 7.7S, parsih 12.97, interest 5.32,
card ine, total 24- 7
Jules 1)art;c, parit'--; non-rest lent, 7 ncr"s
Iiuntle- north by F lichert, south lv ()
Ieb.rt; S tate tax act , parish 42c, initczet
Ioe, card toe, total Sc
E F' Puke r, parishi non-resi.icnt, So acre.
l-hunded nonrth by Mrs J C di.t=1in . south by
P P Road; sOta' tax 3.4<, p}aris'h 5. :,, interest
i.4r-, card 1o0, total "o.So
t Mrs Celestine Adamni, Col, cor;~so-tio-,
it irnprovt'ni nts o0 lots . ., 22!, Mo'-.l"r :i
a2 Iditnii: st:e tax 75. pa rish 37':, iotert'.it
17,i . car I io, total 1.30
M5rs itral Falk, nvn-resiaslnt ,ihnprove-
ment.i in M'cCon'is addition; state tan c3t , I
paris'h ce, inteLrest 73, card 'is total 4.
O. (n soai dlay 1 will sell such portion of
said property as each debltor will point out,
Sand in cass the debtor will n't pOint outt
sufficiency property, I will at once and with
out further delay, sell the least quantity of
Ssai.l property of any diltor, which any bid
der will buy for the amount of taxes, interest
Iand cost due by said debtor. The sale will t
be without apiraiset int. for cash in 1"..
StendIer Inconey of tht ( s:t- - ela . , anl tha
property sill ;'tall be re - a ci ~i!e any tii:
Sfor the space of one youar try tay-n. th- price -
given, with twenty per cent and cost an-Il
penalty added.
The mortgage creditors are hereby noti
ft:l that if the property to te s'hld is not ro
deiemed: the sale thereof wh-n recorded in
d the conveyance or mortgage office, shall
operate as a cancellation of all conventional
). an.d judicial mortgages thereon.
ISAAC A. BR)lrUSSARD,
t Sheriff an, Ex-Officio Tax Collector,
SSaturday, Sept. 15, IS64.
- Cord Wood for Sale.
J Mostly Ash. WVill deliver anywhere in or
, about town. Apply at the store of
MotUTO N BoRs.
Boarders Wanted.
' Those desiring a good, private hoarding
house-especially country boys and girls at
tending the high school-will do well to
call at Mrs. 1Vm. Brent's.
Succession of Onezime Senegal.
All persons having claims against said
1 succession will present same to undersigned
within ten days, for classification.
d W. B. BAILEY, Administrator.
Sept. 8, x894.
ite
IMPROVE YOUR STOCK
of AT STUD.
6 The Thoroughbred Holstein Bull,
COL. BRECKENRIDGE.
mx Fee, $3.00
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
BEECHER.
Fee, $2.50.
asth
te- When to cows are sent one taken
.free. .F. MY LES,
I .4.&3m. " near Lafayette=
.., "Lost oy Stoleo .,
An knerican horse un nded.
Ib, tiswers to t bea name of 'sSc 4I." A
I l reward wi i he given to the person
furshng infor1tE ton as to his wvher uts.
- ERAC BROS., Lafayette, La.
27-36.
Good Seruice. Prompt Returns.
Columbia .
"--' -Rice Mill,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest in the United States. It is
equipped with the latest and best
machinery for the milling of Rice,
and secures out-turns equalled by
few and excelled by none.
Consignments and correspon
t dence solicited.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
W. L. DOUCLAS
$3HE SHOE o SQUEAKnC6.
And other specialties for
Gentlemen, Ladies, Boys
and 3Misses are the
Best in the World.
See descriptive advertise.
l ent which appears In this
paper.
Take mo Sauetitute.
Insist on having W. L.
DOUGILAS' SHOES,
. with name and price
r- atamped on bottom. Sold by
Leo Doucet.
Et EVERYBODY
Kuo·na is nethbi' . .fPotrrEtby nnw'c~als
as iA ]hia becotlteint."sbl. a..se i. evl.r btan.ch
)t OP INDUSTRY AnD
Az ART.
- WHY DON'T YC-U A't'Y
tina ii n"- n r- t- - -" r t. :l- r , ,.
17 we tii:1i~t:?e uý :. . cuu t":ý ":... i l uu . :a,: t u:.
i, HOW T.o ,uS
,a $ c 5 , ...Y h - :ah .!. . .- :./ , .., .. f.t; . , .o
Cnt u,.rr,. " . " .u
it ]lleiik" Pla:'.':- 1i , p.r, e. t.
!t- C"l,' p as rih i ' t- : ;- 1i as tihe I -t.
: I Pf yo rT I,
Los Angclos, San Francisco and
A riona.
Sr. ARII.NVlLE, : : : :: . : A.
Ariona
orI
OFFIE ad DP T
Sold by TRAMRAN & DOULET, Lafavette; JU'LES PETETIN, Sunset; E- V- BAR .Y, Grasai
... Coteau; E MIiCAD, Carncro
'-yon¶he h ' . t.tio .. .
IEON# Lb SKY
Has the Largest Stock of
GENT'S FU' ISHINGS
Ever Brought to Lafayette
Dry Gooods, Hats, Shoes,
Ladies' Cloaks, Capes,
All in the latest styles
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN,
ED EC LJI1 TS15.
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a- .d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars,
Meillier's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
I-16--;9 ly
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NE1W AND S1 ASONASLLI
MILLINERY GOODS,
SiUII AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Emlroidcries, Etc.
ak- Lades' and -chiIJln's Shooe
r\ C
- ,cº :r:,o-_ ý _-- ".',- f. TTr . _ $
-rr -
SadFancy
o.ods AT. i
I- 4P - - -.
.4u t ;