- special edition of ia,,0o
i¢pf especial interest. Cute of
Charttaanoog National
aunda C ka.maug Park mon-_
,, aT n eobservation tohere alsoa good
rar of a Short articles on Lookout Moa.
-t Chickanag and Chattanooga
IUI 5t Paarkt and other intLrest.
Secarn printed. Our readers can
+:.Le. a opybof this special edition free by sad
wes the publishers and mentioning this
r Addre(enclosing stamp for post.
ua ntee Z'd L itobc Prbes, -Curhbeattsan
"Waal Is the matter here*", asked a
. stranger of a small boy, as e noticed a
liage wedding party coming out of a church
SonFfth avenue. "Nawthin' but the tied
going out," was the reply.-Texa siftings.
"Ta Wri-"It must be bedtime." ues
S Hrebta-"wlhea ; the baby hasn't waked up
S ToblMeo-Weakeed Resolutions.
Nerves irritated by tobacco, always crav
A bag for stimulants, explains why it is so
heted wto seanr o. No-To-Bac is the only
guaranteed tobacco habit cure because it
at directly on affected nerve centers, de
stroys Irritation, promotes digestion and
healthy refreshing sleep. Many gain 10
nads In 10 days. You run no risk. No
oo-Bac is sold and guaranteed by Druggist
verywlhere. Boolc free. Ad. Steria.
a emedt Co., ~ew York City or Chicago.
s ~E0LT- "Does Bowser belong to your
b?"P Waggsly--"No, my club belongs to
Bowser. He's thairmaa of the house com
mlttee.'"-rooklyn Life.
'"Ws aa must precede baptism ?" asked the
rector whencatechising the Sunday-school.
"A baby," exclaimed a bright boy, with the
air of one stating a self-evident truth.-Ex.
An Important Dlerenaee.
To make it apparent to thousands, who
think themselves ill, that they are not af
fected with any disease, but that the system
simply needs cleansing, is to bring comfort
home to their hearts, as a costive condition
s easily cured by using Syrup o Figs. Man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup Co.
HI -"Is this the first time you've ever
been in love, darling,?" Sho (ithoughtless
ly)-"Yes; but it's so nice I hope it won't be
the lasti"-Tid-Bits.
Piso's CURE cured me of a Throat and
Lung trouble of three years' standing.--..
.Cady, Huntington, Ind., Nov. 1%, 1894.
I"WIne" said the monlkey to the orgpan
Tes he sat oi tolp of the orgarn, "I'm
, -ai --ti aedway with thie music."
SagaR. .,; p'.th c~.d a hoe
has a 3nof to hie Age*pop a FI -.:re case
,fit eun.tara-Cie, ca-;ud Pain DcalCr.
E D aL'a Ca: -s-r V R C:ur
s aAConstitutional Cure. rYice Sc.
Tan true joy of reward is in the labor
which wins it--Irrigaition.
A scour road to wealth is seldom safe 1
to traveL-Irrigation.
I Can't Sleep
Is the complaint of many at this season.
The reason is found in the fact that the
aerves are weak and the body in 4 feverish
and unhealthy condition. The nerves may i
be restored by Hood's Sarsaparilla, which t
feeds them upon iure blood, and this
medicine will also create an appetite, and
tone up the system and thus gire sweet t
refreshing sleep and vigorous health.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier prominent
ly in the public eye to-day. 61; six for $5.
Hood's Pills ais ha.moniougsl with
The Greatest Medical Discovery t
of the Age. c
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DoIALD KENNEDY. of ROXBURY. MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common p
asture weeds a remedy that cures every a
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases,and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all -u--;hin twenty miles of
-FRr ;t .. r;-j p.- ..
A breNfRT is I4tµ "or _ L ,
Sfi rrsit ottle. aCnI a
,wh'en the rirlht qt ..
through them; the same wit]h E tvei€ or
Bowels. - This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
Sa e squeamish feelings at first.
change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
* HIGHEST AWARD*
SWORLD'S FAIR.
S.
trs
* THE BEST*CUSI
PREPARED
qoB Ru
SOLD EVERYWnER.t. A
*. P.OB.IN GALB & SO. New tek. At* C
] RATE EXCURSION LD.
AKANSAS and TEXAS
AUG. 29, SEPT. 10 Aton, .1895. us'
o- " sts mdes add,. .,. T
w 0. ADAMS, I )ieoWN, I J. i. JONES I S
_ T IIN THE WORLD. wt r
esw ud '
WOMAN AND HOME.
DOLLY'S SPONGE CAKES.
Lon. Come. Ilabel. put your apron on.
good And tuck your sleeves up-so.
Now wash your hands all white and lesa.
And then we'll mix the dough.
rest- I irst, two eggs open carefully
I can The gold and white apart
y ad Then with a fork or wire spoon
otle Beat yolks with all your oeart.
logs, A half cupful of sugar next-
The granulated kind
S WVhon well stirred in the golden Cfoth
ed a . cremy mass you'll find.
urch The same of flour-half n cup
tied Through which you mix so well
A pinch of baking powder pure,
Hus And a bit of salt:-'tw:ll telL
I up Now beat the whites until they stand
A glistening heap of snow
And lightly stir with dainty touch
That froths into the dough.
avw
ls so Now bake in several shallow pane
only Well buttered they must be.
Be st Then jelly spread between the layers,
de- And serve at dolly's tea.
and -Martha B. Tausig. in Good Itouslkeeping.
n 10
t HOW TO MANICURE.
The First Treatment Is by All Odds the
Most Dlficult.
rour Hot water is the first requisite, and a
5to thorough washing or soaking of the
: hands. This is best attained by having
the hot water poured into a basin con
Lthe tinually for two or three minutes. The
the hands must be allowed to soak for ful
-Ex. ly five minutes. and it is well, instead
of soap, to wash the hands thoroughly
in bran. which makes the skin soft and
o white. After the hands have been thor
tem oughly cleansed the nails should then
fort be attended to, says Inarper's Bazar.
L 1o With a piece of orange-wood stick
a sharpened to a point, anti a bit of jew
clers' cotton rolled around the point
ver and wet with the acid that comes for
this purpose, every particle of dirt and
stain should be removed. The hands
must then again be washed, this time
and in warm. not hot water. Scissors very
sharp and fine must then be taken, and
all loose flesh at the side of the nails
Scanrefully trimmed. The nails must be
shaped in a pinted oval. All roughness
must be filed away and the flesh at the
boe base of the nail pushed smoothly and
ase firmly back so that the half-moon, sup
posed to be i: point of beauty. can be
discerned.
It is no longer considered good form
or to have so much polish on the nails
that they look as thougoh they had been
ie buttered, as was the fashion two or
three years ago. iBut a certain amount i
of polish is necessary. lRosaline put on ]
over the entire nail and the end of the
3 finger. then washed off again and the ,
nails polished briskly with a polisher, I
Smalres the hands look trim and pretty. I
lie The first manicuring is by all odds the ,
sh most difficult. After the nails and
ay hands are once got into good condition.
ch fifteen minutes each Monday morning i
will keep them in proper condition all
et the week through if only ordinary care
h. in washing the hands, with an occasion
al rub from the polisher, is given.
it- WASHING MADE EASY.
Two Itollers on a Handle to Take the
th Place of Tender Knuckles.
i' A simple and effective little device to
take the place of the washerwoman's
knuckles is shown in the accotnpanyivg
cut. It is an English idea, but may be
brought to this country. It consists of
two corrugated rollers mounted on
brass and furnished with a handle, and
I it is intended to supersede washing by
hand, which method it most resembles. F
*. The principle employed is that of sim
in plc pressure, used in conjunction with
an ordinary washing board, and it is
a claimed that not only does the appli
be
an fft it purpo with xtrm
rapidity. not to Ibe attained by hapd.
and without the wear of the materials 1
treated which that method occasions,
but also that by this inca ns either liles,
muslins and linens or blankets anmd the p
Elictric Candles In Engia.
The electric candle is in great re- in
quest in England for the lighting and a
decoration of dining and other tables.
An ingetious device for lithtin l the
candles is provided bv placing small te
pads under the tablecloth, and taking be
the current frits thm by iteans of two is
pin points in the arse of the cantdle-s l
sticle. The candlies. of course, are ex- on
tinguislhed on being taken froii the cr
ti-le, and are reltighted hen th-ey are of
replaced in t he proper positcion. They
utre so arianged that the bulb and her he tlh
glass initatiion of ia wax candle can lhe tht
remnveed. when the candlestick can be d i
used for nl ordinary candle. When
used with shades of coloretd ilk, the
cle-t.tric candle makes one of the pret
tiest additions to a dinner table that it ju
\s possible to imagine. li
The Darning liasket Iln Usefut.
The darning baskelt may be cin- br
sti-uclItd Ito s.erve a very useful pulrpose ref
by setting three flat-hopped baskets in th
gradnutted sizes on top of each other. cr>
Line with :.Ll and fit them ip one for Re
glovre-mending. one for stocking darn
ing and one for shoes, with a little
pouch for buttons, a spool of heavy
linen thread and with a flannel leaf of cli
largi- ne-dles. This nest oef baskets ga
will be nucasionally in r-quisition, it
will be fourd. tar
Least of Two Evnll. y
Fashionable Doctor--My deear young
lady. you are drinking unfiltered water,
which swarms with animal organisms.
You should have it boiled -that wvilU :a
kill therm.
lis Patient-Well, doctor, I think A
i'd sooner be an aquarium than ta ceme
tery.-Pearson's. dif
4 Just tebake. et
Tra. Fussy-Il saw you coating out of ag
a saloon, John, when I was in the next
streot shopping. J i
Mr. 'uassy-.Zly ldear, yoi aticinoi't eI
d.o yonr s n thin s .n thes Iseterlvd4 "l
ft slofng,7lase S9ttno I 'iW
SENSIBLE STAY-AT-gIOMES.
How Three CIever GArs Wi speml Vea
Phesant summoe.
To the woman fond of the gay p1.eas.
urea of the resorts affected by summer
wanderers, and of the social joys of
fered by Baturday night "hops," the
annual going away, is, of course, a
never-failing delight. To the house
keeping mother, also, who partakes
herself to some unfashionable farm
house with her brood, the escape from
household worries is a genuine relief;
but the typical stay-at-home is the
woman who cannot content her soul
with a sleeping room which is one bed
and a bureau wide .by a trunk and a
wash-stand long.
To such women the uncurtained cool.
ness of the city home, with its modern
improvements, offers an ideal stopping.
place during the warm months, espe
cially so if part of the family has gone
away and the force of servants hasn
been reduced. Then the unregenerate
stay-at-home wanders about at her own
s* sweet will withber back hair in a braid,
and wears a morning wrapper at lunch
eon if she wants without fear ofcallers.
thr A charming stay-at-home parade has
been planned by three clever New York
de girls who intend to go to Europe next
the summer, and are economizing this sea
ing son for that purpose. One of them is.
on- a school-teacher, one a stenographer,,
'Ile and the third a china decorator. Theso
ul- young women all make good salaries.
ad and are sensible girls who have planned
ily to live together in a happy-go-lucky
or
en fashion through the city sumer e
ar.
They have taken a big, roomy apart
mlooking out over a vacant lot, whil.-/
nd any place could within the city
7eair and pleaant outlook during thea.
ds warm days ad ights.
S The furniture ofthe little double draw
r Ting-roo ae takl of bamboo and wicker,
one big wivan being pileg witde wushionds
on covered entirely in blue and white 1
o slips. There is a pianoof white enam
in one cornerd na lw table t match
for the magazines and summer litera- ]
tare. There are a few plants, but very
little bric-a-brac, and only as much fur
niture s is needed. The windows ar
blinds, which keep the house cool dur
ing the day. The doors are hung withcr
Sfbanboo curtains, a the itbreez kepiC r
three fem tinklinge musically allof the brshtime.
nr They general eet is that of coolness,
,n looking out over avacant lot, mthieb.
Scleanlinets abndant grass and noddinpac.
e The is, comes asg-roo is fitted like the
parlor, an d in this apartment there is li
Sits. So ther are assurew plants of light.
e great bay wiand otloow which urextendshe
n across one entire side of the room. a
. lere of thee ingeniou irlse havle da sort
Lg ing-rool isd ll f bamboor aud wicker,
of covered entirely of vines and hplante
not shuttlips.ing rt liht an air, ate in tome
n one cornaser, anbut trai tabne close to matche
walle magazines and spreading ovummer litethe cli
tre. There arc a fewr plants, but verth
Swung across this sylvan noolk is is a s
seittled hammock of white cord, ands mus fuon
itre a big pillow ineeded. Trinmed ns
uin cover rests invitin lladd. It is dif Vneltn
t imagine one thre oorse young we ren
, mbing to this airnd tie etreezeat, but keeps it
Stswings tinkin the air which comes thre timouhe.
the open casement is that looks restful andess,
walnlsnedrspspace.d
on the white emning-room is fitted linen dtheli
on the buet. Here this apartment theresss a
great bay m cindof, w hichd extends i:
the stablishne ente side ofos tho brewoom.
coolin temoseads inenios girls have a sorteven
ints, with glaciers of icand air, as in too i
erries and reat ding over trebout upon
this pleasant summer abode will be re- as
sgaled with draughtck of it this nd quid
it a blessedness.ig pillo in a lac-trimed m
liThe breakfasts dinnegl. s and supperit
upon which thes e irl subsistng wo illen
e seletd for ttheir appr priatuteness it g
ins in the seasonai which comes rnis a large
part of eery ment it looks. n thestful and to
take turns in making out nenusbeach
One forf the maid totractive folects. And this
bet of is all is that the epunchire summer
plan, including embrythin, lis linot go
ing te bcost thet. m mre than ten dollastressrs
a week each.
boiled egs ins toment prohrse the yol brew
is then removed and fritpounded up with u
thiscream or butter andsummer abode small e re-quantity
of tomato sauce, the seasoni. g being co
ales of the eggs are then this liqud ith
the ixturde. This dish shout be ach
'coI'lpanied by torkasts. iand butter.d suppers
o Ev iwdic thse girls m.ll susist ill F
SPrisoner-ct Don't send meppr priatncson, t
brothe ieson he asylum and a son in thll
pareform school, and if you send mare to
the penr the mapublic wito follatonce raisend the
cryt of nepot ism ontt the efamily.-reN. Y.sumr
plan, including s everything ready?" saids ot th
gating to commist them more te.an ten dollars se
a bucket of whitewash and brush.t..
Y. World. Wa
Prescribing His Own Ittedicine.
adei any provision for hour family? h
or life insured? ard- of
Agis thent-I-- removed and pounded p it
somIrate Party Vellese-al, it don't maelf anC
oncget it insured before you call hered l
c hll utter mpotand a stnl on.antit pa
oftCannot w, beco the soe?" h plbeing co
judrnge.
bro"Thter in the asylum and a son in the l i
'clltihman of the congressional invest
R ENEWING THEIR YOUTH
reel
eas A Strange Story from a Nebraska
mer Village.
of
the The Villagers Exeited Over the Iaereased
, a lemith and VIgor of the Older lnhal
use- Steats - The Experleneo of
lices Two .* Vets."
arm- rrehs the lrerlif-.erald. OmeaA. ab
om A IVor!d-Herald reporter was attracted by
li; the evidence of renewed activity of some of
the the older inhabitants of the village of Bruce,
soul a suburb of Omaha, Neb., and enquired the
bed ause. Mr. Andrew Finkenkeler, who was
ad a a member of Company -B of the First Iowa
Volunteers during the war, made the follow
ool- ing explanation so far as he himself is con
cerned :
"In July, 1811A, while my company was on
the march through to Austin, Texas, I was
Pe" attacked with rheumatism of the worst
one kind in one leg at Alexander, La. Being
has wtak I was sunstruck and remained un
ate co ascious for several hours. Every sum
wn n er since I have been unable to stand the
Sid, heat of the sun, and have been compelled to
ch- give up my work. There was in my head
rs. a bearing-down feeling which increased
has 'til it seemed my head would burst, and
asit caused a ringing in my ears, and palpita
ork tion of the heart set in, so that the slightest
ext noise would set my heart thumping. 5ev
ea- eral times it has rendered me unconscious
is for from seven to ten hours at* ptime. In
addition to this the rheumatism extended
ier, up my entire side until it drew my head
esa down on my shoulder. I lost my strength
aes. ani flesh and was totally, unfit for work.
ed For twenty-eight years I have consulted
e physicians and taken thieir pitreacriptions
:k without deriving any material benefit. My
ailments increased in intensity until I was
assured that there was no hope for me. Dur
ing last year I went into the butcher busi
ness, but the dampness from the ice used in
creased my rheumatic pains to such an ex
tent thatI was not only compelled to quit
the business, but was confined to my house
and bed for nearly six months.
"In November last 1 read in the IPeortd
Hereld a case of a man who had been en
tirely cdrest from the ailments from wvhich
1 was suffering by the use of Dr. Williams'
p Pink Pills for P'ale People. On November
28, I purchased a box. In a week I was as
tonished to lknow that I felt litter than 1
had for six months past, and before I had
used half a box. The ringing in my cars be
gan to lessen in volume and finally left me.
The pain from the rheumatism gradually
left me, so that within one week iromn the
time I took my first pill I was able to sit up
in bed. On January 1st, I was able to go out
and walk around a little. Thoe palpitations
of my heart entirely ceased. On February
9, I was so thoroughly cured that I accepted
a position as night watchman in the Forest
Lawn Cemetery, remaining out of doors
from 6 P. M. until 6 A. M. I have gained in
weight from 144 pounds which I weighed in
he! November last, to 1:2 pounds which Iweigh
now."
.For nerve building and for enriching the
blood Pink Pills are unexcelled. They may
aas be had of druggists or direct from the Dr.
"h, Williams' Medical Co., Schenoctady, N. Y.,
for 60 cents per box, or six boxes for S2.50.
M- PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
it. 1. -
be -Ilulwer-Lytton almost adored his
mother. In "'What TVill He Do with
iv- It?" he alludes to her as "nature's lov
r, ing proxy, the watchful mother."
nt -Marquis de Maha Yotha, the Siam
tc ese minister accredited to the United
ci States, has been recalled. lle has never
lh been in Washington. having transacted
a- his business with the state department
ry from London, to which lie is also ac
r- credited, by mail.
r -Sarah Bernhardt says: "If I am in
Ln a crowd of people and a dog or cat is
r- near it will come naturally to me with
:1 out my making the slightest move
Rment. Why this is the case I can not
e" say, unless there is devaloped in me
s, another sense, the existence of which
animals at once perceive."
ne -Mrs. Mary Jean Bradford, of Boa
a ton, left a will in which sihe showed
Is her love for a favorite parrot. One
°- clause reads thus: "I wtive 84,000 in
rt trust to G. H. Pierce, to be invested in °
S ood mortgage or mortgages, and the
h income thereof to be paid to the person 1
te who may take care of my poll-parrot."
S -A funny young man in n lilledge
o ville (Ia., riggett himself up as a ghost, 2
n and in the midnight gloom visited the
Shouseof a neighbor, to frighten him, f
and have a laugh at his expense. The
n ghost interrupted a burglar at his
work, and the burglar turned the
d nlaugh against the ghost by robbing ti
him of his watch and twenty dollars.
s -The word prevaricator is from the ,
sLatin, and originally meant a strad- t
tidler with distorted or misshapen legs. o
c In the Roman courts of law the ex
pression was applied to one who in a
suit was discovered to be in collusion a
d with his opponent to compass some dis
honesty. As falsehood was the neces
sary part of such a performance, the ,
n word by and by came to have the
significance at present attached to it. W
--Mlle. Pauline dtie (randpre proba- id
bly knows more of the prison life of a,
French women than anyone else in hi
France. She lived in the St. Lazare el
prison as the housekeeper of her uncle, is
who was chaplain there during the cc
empire. In the twenty-five years that at
a have elapsed since he died she has de- ,
voted iherslf entirely to visiting female p,
prisoners and obtaining situations for
them when they have undergone their d,
sentences. cc
-An enthusiastic admirer of Victor F
Hugo has nmade a collection of all the
Sblack and white and colored portraits
of the poet that hlie could find. Alto
gether they number nearly 4,000, of ly
which about 2,500 are caricatures and P~
cartoons. The collector, M. Ieuve, has c
also gathered together with infinite th
pains innumerable pipes, canes, tobac- b
co jars, bottles, scarf pins, handke·- to
chiefs, even cakes of soap, on which th
the head of thie poet appears. co
-Dr. Emma Johnson Lucas, who has co
been appointed health commissionerot th
P'eoria, Ill., is the first woman in that le
city to hold nny public ofiee. The fi
medical men of Peoria, as well as the b
Women's club, strongly indorsed her mi
candidacy. Mlrs. Lucas is a native of -
Peoria, where she has been practicing
medicine for about ayear. Shte stands
high in the profession and has built up on
a good practice. She is the daughter bu
of one physician and the widow of an- s
other. se
HUMOROUS. ,
-DicEk's a big man in the natiof
Doin lots an lots blowin': du
Jerry's plowin" the plantation- for
Makes enough to keep Dick geoia· chi
-Atlanta Constitution. ver
--Mr. Vheeler-"Why, yes, Mr. wit
Wheeler-even the beans go through
a course of Browning before they
come to the table."-P. & 8. S. Co. Bul
letin. tw
-"Papa!" "What is it. Jonny?" "I
read a poem in my school reader which
spoke of dogs of high degree." "WVell?" pet
"Papa, does that mean skye terriers?" clo
-Pittsburgh Chronicle. hol
and
-"Mamma?" "WVell?" "You licked amc
me last week for whaling Jimmie
Watta, and paps licked me yesterday i
'eao;se Johnny Phelps walloped tn."
"Wellg'" "I'm vendaring what'll hap
pia ·o ma tjime wiheu t'q 4 d ,iaw "
C' WATERING THE GARDEN.
M anese Man tSls How Is Is Done bs
kag Mesas oft' Winada1l.
Usuanlly a gaiden is irrigated by run
aing the water between every other,
or every third, row. This necessitates
Lopg rows, or the water will reach the
end before the ground is thoroughly
wet. To obviate this trouble, U. D.
Perry, of Clark county, writes in the
Kansas agricultural report that his
I by garden last year was made as shown
Sof in the accompanying illustration and
Lce, described bplow. "Selecting a piece
the of ground 25 by 150 feet. I ascertained
&'"s with a level the way the level lines
)va ran. It was of no consequence which
- way the beds lay, or what were their
shapes. I made them wide enough for
on two rows of vegetables, with sunken
bras paths between. The path ran around
erst one end of the first bed and then
ing around the opposite end of the second,
un- and so on until the entire plat was
m- Laid out. Now when a stream of water
the
Ito
sad i t
Ind
s ted _rV ot
tst
ead
ted
aid
My
tea
ur
isi-r O
in- o
ex
ult
Lise
en.
Ch
pr PfLAN FOR IRpIGAtIXO.
as1 or 3 inches deep is turned into tn
iad path at the highest point of the gar
be- den, it will follow the path to the end
ne of the first bed, go round it and down
the next path, etc. Three inches of
up head ani the slight fall the water gets
snt going around the ends of the beds will
st carry it back and forth to the bottom
Sof the garden, where perhaps the last
est bed is 2 or 3 feet lower than the first.
us By this time each bed is wet from side
in to side. An 8-foot windmill, with a 1
gh small pond or a wooden tank holding
120 barrels, will enable every family to
h raise more vegetables and small fruits
ir. than it needs."
0. AN IMPORTANT r PROBLEM.
Shall Progreasrie Dalr-ymen Buy or Bree J
Their Cows?
The above question is surely a very
tis practical one. No one who has at any
Elm time attempted to establish a herd of Z
e. dairy cows but will know what a diffi
cult matter it is to get together a col- e
n- lection of cows which shall at once
.d prove profitable in the practical, work
er ing dairy. If one makes up his mind
ad to make dairying a specialty, and if he
at is in a hurry to et at it, then, of
c. course, he must depend largely on out
side buying for his foundation herd.
In But after he has the cows and has
is thoroughly tested each individual, o
[- weeding out undesirable ones, so that i
She knows those he has left are profit
t able from his point of view, then the
iC question arises, shall he raise his own
astock to supply future demands or
shall he depend upon buying, as in the
first instance? There are many good
d reasons why he should raise his own
cows. In the first place, having so
n cured a herd of cows whish has devel
n oped, to a marked degree, the milk
e and butter-producing tendency, he
las but to secure a well-bred dairy
bull to breed his cows to, to be quite
sn-e of getting what he seeks.
The hetfers got by this mating will
Sinvariably prove equal if not superior
e to their dams. These facts are taken
11 from a dairyman's point of view. The
e young things are cheaply raised up te
a the point of milk giving. To say the
e least, they can be raised as cheaply as
~they can be purchased, and then you
must take your chances and- not al
e ways sound judgment if you buy-as
e to whether they will make good cows
or not. On the other hand, there is
no question but what it is a great
a amount of extra work and a source of
annoyance to break a number of heifers
each year, and again, they, of course,
are not as profitable dairy animals
as adult cows are at their best. But
we should remember that if a heifer is
fed intelligently from birth with the
idea of making a cow of her, her worth
as a dairy animal will be greatly en
l hanced. WVe have often seen young heif
Sers for the first time in milk yielding
larger profits than some of the older
cows. The young heifers are con
stantly getting better, while the cows
will soon begin to fail as old age ap
proaches.
WVe should advise by all means that
dairymen breed and raise their own
cows--Herbert Wi. Mnumford, in Prairie
Farmer.
Tue Textare of Butter.
The texture of butter depends part
ly on the animal, partly on feed, and
partly upon the temperature of the
cream when churned. Cows that give
the richest milk make the most solid
bultter. In such cows what should ge
to make suet or beef fat is turned into
the milk glands. The same result
comnes from feeding very rich food like
cotton-seed meal. A small quantity of
this mixed with wheat bran should be
fed to cows; it will make butter much -
firmer during hot weather in summer,
but it will need in addition that the
milk and cream be kept in a cool place.
-N. Y. Vorld.
The Demsand for Butter.
The people of the United States eat
on the average about four pounds of
butter for each bushel of wheat con
sumed ns food. From this it is easy to
concerned butter brings the farmer
more money than wheat, and yet there
are some folks who think the dairy in
dustry, which includes the sale of mtlk
for food, and the manufacture of
cheese as well as of butter, is not of
very much importance as compared
To Get Bnd of Stumps.
To destroy stumps bore a hole one or
two inches in diameter, according to
size of tree, and eighteen inches deep.
Put in one and one-half ounces of salt
peter. Fill with trater, and plug up
closely. In six months put in same
hole half a gill of kerosene oil
and then light. The stump will
smolder away without blazing, even
down to every part of the roots, leav.
ing nothing but ashes.
ZaIRDrxre fruit in ltme ia said to be *
LM~r ito prarve It. it I. eufly
Zfbura o LOavnIong Powu. --.Lse U.S.Govt O-v'
--ý n
Ta poet we call a phenomenon rare,
SWho defies all analysis rash:
[ But we know the longer his verse and his
S hair
The shorter we oft find his cash.
-Washington Star.
I T fruition of what is unlawful must be
I followed by rae,,rse. The core sticks in
the throat after the apple is eaten, and the
sated appetite loathes the interdicted plens
ore for which innocence was bartered.
Jane Porter.
Spllttlaf Shackles Asunder
By merely flexing the muscles of his arms
is an easy task for Sandow, that superla
tively strong man. h ou witi never be able
to do this, but you may acquire that degree
of vigor which proceeds from complete di
gestion and sound repose, if you will enter
on a course of liostetter's Stomach Bitters,
and persist in it. The Bitters will invaria
bly afford relief to the malarious, rheumat
io sad neuralgic, and avert serious kidney
trouble.
TEACIER--"TWhy did you have your hair
cut so short, Bobby 1" Bobby- `So that
you couldn't pull it. ma'am."-lIarlfr's Ba
zar.
Tao SILVnR QuesToNx--"Got any change,
John,"-.Judge.
ALL that is human must retrograde if it
do not advance.-Gibbon.
Iv four quarters make a yard, how many
will make a garden
TAKe the daughter of a good mother.
Fuiler.
No, MArne, dear, all bets on a yacht race
are not placed on the stake boat.-Phila
delphin Record.
"Ir you ever come within a mile of my
house, stop there." said a hospitable man,
who was unfortunate in choosing his words.
-Tit-Bits.
"DIoNlTv, my son, is a very proper sort
of thing; but don't put on too much of it, or
you may be mistaken for a footman."-Tit
Bits.
A MASSACIIr-sETTS man committed suicide
because he couldn't please his wife. Ilo
seemed to be willing to try, anyway.-N. Y.
Press.
HE who murmurs against hi condition
does not understand it; but he who accepts
of it in peace, will soon learn to comprehend
it.-Anon.
"No, MAUDE dear, fro do not think the
cat's voice is musical even if the animal is
full of violin and banjo strings."-l'hiladel
phia Record.
"I cAN forgive but never forget this whip
ping," said Tommy. "That's just what I
want you to do," said his mothor.-Boston
Courier.
MoTIIER--"Goodness, Tommie, won't you
ever learn to be a good boy?" Tommie
(with confidence) -- "'Yes'm, when I'm
growed up."-Detroit Free Press.
PEOPr.E are having the same trouble they
used to have. If their horse got out of wirnd
they had to wallr. Now it's tie saure with
a bWiyclo.-'-Boston Courier.
"HIT dean' pay ~o min' de tongue ob
envy," remarked Uncle Eben. "You kin
make a lit ob folks jealous by jes' keepin'
quiet an' bein' decent."-Washingtoa Star.
"SAY BOSSI Them People
Won't Take This
oap-They Want
CLAIRETTE
SOAP"
SEverybody wants Clairette
Soap who knows the good
ness of it. Try it once and
you will refuse all other
kinds, too. Sold everywhere.
Made only by
_oa HE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
. ST. LOUnS.
GROC! RIES4
£ *
oP
WEDALE ISEA~SE
Amy sanleted woman ean adopt
atMs sDimple lRome Treatmene,'
withbnt eaubmtttng to an ahmtl.
Saings exminnatoon or emamalUg
a doesor. It
COST OF TREATMIEaT.
Bottle McElree'sWineofCardul, $1.00
Pg. Thedflrd's Black Draught, .25
Total Cost, - $1.25
A 12. pbag book, bound In cloth. givng
o01npletl IlnsruelIonn t0 u ocessfulhome
treatment o female dlsease will so maileQl
to an lady on rec.t of 25 cents. Address
-they're satisfied
DUNCAN'S LINIMENT theOLD r
TESTED REMEDY
e Rheumatism and PAINS generaallly.
0. W. GUNTI~R, MCITONVILLI. ALA. says: .I have found Dy{06 IS lil6NT
to be the best remedy for pains generally I ever w. e found DAS LINIE
FOR COLIO IN NORSES and MULES It to a "DEAD SHOT."
WEaB R AXwFAC'rurnx CO.. Proprietor., n eArv.ILLE, WENw.
Fertilizers for Fall Crops
should contain a high percentage of Potash to
insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write for our " Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated bookl. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address.
GERMAN KMAL WORLS.  asmau Sses. New Yek.
"Ta trouble with too many wome.s,"
says thaeoornfed philosopher, 'is that they
Sregard the mnarriage ceremony mainly as a
license to eat onions and wear lI-fitting
clothes."-Indianapolls Journal.
PIMPLEs are inexpressibly mbrtifyin .
a Remedy-Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill'a Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
She says she does not love me yet,
Butl'd not be surprised
To learn she fibs; because you ace
That yet is emphasized.
--Life,
soLres Eyres Caed.
SyJackson's Indian Eye Salve never ails -s
Sdo th; 95c at all drug store.
Oiat Goon DEED. - Mrs. De Ruffle-"If
you ever did any good in this wide world.
1'd like to know what it is." Mr. De Ruf.
flo-"Well, for one thing, I saved you from
dying an old maid."-Tit-Bits.
In Our Great Orandfather's Time
big bulky pills were in
general use. Like the
"blunderbuss" of
were big and clum
sy, but ineffec
tive. In this cent
ury of enlighten.
ment, we have
Dr. Pietce'
Pleasant Pei.
lets, which
cure all liver
stomach ana
bowel de
rangements in
the most effec
tive way.
If people
would pay more
attention to prop.
erly regulating the action of their bowels.
by the use of these little "Pellets" they
would have less frequent occasion .to call
for their doctor's services to subdue attacks
of dangerous diseases. The "Pellets" cure
sick and bilious headache, constipation, in
digestion, bilious attacks and kindred de
rangements of liver, stomach and bowels.
CONVERSE o" P, no.r suLor oA
I 1L s,,es sor.sr*,x&I
CONVERS as Large Resources.
CEL L E,- Thorough in All
Its Appointments.
F__ L Free Scholarship.
ralie eo of ato existence womi the thorousa
a 'EN8 DEPTEMSey 5a0. ise..
For eoteloeln' terns. etc.. Address.
IIEV 1 Jr. WILSESS l'rre' 4 erm rlwe,'. P. O.
* STICK BLUE BE
Wih SprikiineToý('ek. Price, b ct..
"1.. 1. ALI. D 1EALEIS.
Best Laugh Syrup. ood. Urn
in time. fiord o1 adrugjets.
A. N. K.. F 16567
WHEEN WRITINGO '0 AD1ERTISEKR PI.EAas
state that yea saw the Advertlsemeat is 55*
epaer.