bualnesa in the City of d
nt, and. state -aforesaid. aet.
wiil pythe sum of eOa mx
;ý~~sL~s for each and eer case of
Q Fiu_ Jr CwaOr.
to before me and suberibed io m
'Lcjthls hyof December,A.Ds.
A. W. oL ,
E'etarv Nubile.
trr Cure is taken Internally and
on the blood and muoouos ur- I
df "the system. Beadfor testimonials,
3.. . . C xr & Co, Toledo, O.
: Sold by Dru*aist, 75c. -.. O
The Testimonials :
written up in our oMce. nor are they
fromoj rempio They are facts. pnrow
lag stha - parila possesses
Hood's Cures
Jpsa. : M. Bawsr
West Kendall, N. Y.
-. . Three Great Enemies
- tlVuralgia, Rheumatism
and Dyspepsia
"For over twenty years I have suffered with
seuvaldla. rheumatism and dyspepsla. Many
timescold not turn in bed. Several -
eamas _hae treated me and I have tried different
.remdieit but all failed to givo me permanent
relief. Fire years ago 1, begin to take iood's
HOO P)'S
Sarsaparilla
GURES
Sarsaparilla and t has done mea vast amount
o good Sice e in to tike i Iihave not
a sick day. 1 am 72 Sears old ald enjoy
good health, which I attribute to Hood's Saraa
parilla.' Mrs. E. H. BURT. W. Kendall, N. Y.
Hod'e Pills cure all Liver lls.Biliousness,
iidlage+ston., Sick Headache. fte.
100ID
0.
IIUOUSNESS, DY8PEPSIA,
l. Hi EADACUE, WEAK STOMACH,
-DISORbEtS OF THE LIVER.
TSTIMONT.
I have iused rodie's Pills for many rea in
my fatuily an.have a.oasLJim invaluable in
all eases, sad as a Liver Pill do not think they
have an cital. .- Gso. H. Wx.E.
SOLD,BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
4a1 aze see. a Uem.
1. ILYONS & CO.; Proprietors,
"German
Syrup
M1y acquaintance with Boschee's
GermanSyrup was made about four
teen years ago. I contracted a cold
which resulted in a hoarseness and
cough w1ich disabled me from fill
ing my pulpit for a number of Sab
baths. After trying a physician,
-without obtaining relief I saw the
advertisement of your remedy and
obtained a bottle. I received quick
and permanent help. I never hesi
tate to tell my experience. Rev. W.
H. Haggerty, Martinsville, N.J. 0
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
are nsed in the
preparation of
W. BAKER haCO.'S
rakfastCocoa
eeh(ch ( absosleteg
P pe enda polubte. _
Itbraenereiha threttsAs
- ! satrcs_ g of Cocoa ixed
with Starch, Arrowroot or
nugar, and is far more *eo
It s sCei/ouSaouriahing, and sL
mar by OrsOers everywhere.
"EVERYBODY'S
LAW. BOOK, "
of thonblewom 1sia disease cbaued
t-hm. n ratch borg ten mla iand wasen to hu
-Wt=+ enmtnby a e fuelw daflo r use of rb
yrasw M. s to Wll ho hrelo legl bn
ac. Ilrlo to dollars or cIl or oe
.,- : ~t h for tea iorn. m, M
..++-' . . S.3 SGoC i ,CO b.,
THE, WOBaD'S F . _a
wi
fresh Grist - Goo0lp !on tho "
White`_Cit. rac
ao
h. gOestl etof s5sdy opemlIms--ft o
Westher for thne Vroalgsa.ms-U-ome
of the .oIte memrtas . A
of visltors. de
ISpeelal Chicago Correspondence.l pe
There is at present much uneasiness an
in certain quarters about the Sunday so
opening of the fain The directory to
promptly closed the gates on the first cO
Sunday in obedience to the mandate of br
congress, and made no effort to open
on the following Sunday, but at one of ta
its meetings, held a few days ago, that th
body came to the conclusion that con- w
gress could exercise no authority over Ia
Is
T1
E'VER "VEAnY OF THE PAI .
il
given out as thintention of the dire- n
a
/J T
anything but the exhibits, and it was tl
tory to open the grounds to visitors on n
Sunday and charge only twenty-five Ii
cents admission. ti
This action on the part of the direc- tI
tory, or the intelligence that such ac- ti
tion was contemplated, greatly annoyed ti
I the church people of the whole coutt - t
try, and steps were taken to prevent to
the opening if possible. It has. been it
reported that pressure was brought to i
bear on the national commissioners in v
order to defeat the intetions of the di- E
rectory. How true this is cannot be
stated, but this much is certain, the p
commissioners have done nothing up to t
I the present writing to thwart the ii
wishes of the directory. The latest o
move on the-part of the board was to t>
amend the rules, which precluded Sun- p
day opening, to read as follows:
.
THE WOODS
"The exposition shall be open for a
the admission of visitors until Oc- p
tober S0, 1893, on each day of the p
week, subject, however, to the fol- I
lowing regulations for the manage- a
ment and conduct of the exposition I
Sundays: On each and every Sunday e
the operation of the machinery in Ma- 1
I chinery hall and elsewhere shall be t
suspended as far as practicable. Exhib
itors and employes shall be relieved 1
from duty except so far as their pres- t
ence is essential and necessary for the I
protection of property and the public
peace, but all employes whose services s
are required Sunday shall be given one 1
day of rest during the week. Religious
services may be held each Sunday in
Choral and Music halls at such hours as
shall be designated and named by the
S council of administration, and said
council shall have authority to arrange 1
3 for such services. The fee of admis
[ sion on Sunday is fixed at fifty cents."
The board also voted to return the
partly retained gift of $2,500,000 to the
government, and the decision was
placed in the form of a rule to be forth
with submitted to the national com
mission. It is said that many of the
commissioners are pleased with the
board's action and the chances for a
seven days' fair are increasing.
. In the meantime the people flock out
to the fair groundson Sunday and poke
about as if they entertained hopes of
being by some special dispensation of
the fair officials permitted to enter.
Finding the turnstiles immovable they
wander off to theydehlows and scatter
their small change among the one-horie
vendors of creature comforts who ply
their callings on Sunday as well as any
other day. There are shows of various
kinds in the neighborhood of the fair,
merry-go-rounds, roller-coasters and the
like. and these do a thriving business
when the crowds rebound from the
barred entrances of the fair.
The work in the grounds still goes
on on Sunday, and the workmen are
doubtless glad .that the people are kept
out one day in the week, so that they
can work undisturbed for a few hours
at a stretch. The exhibits are all rapidly
nearing completion and in the course
of a few days the noise of the carpenters
will have entirely ceased in most of the
buildings.
SThe restaurant question is not fully
settled as yet, and the lunch basket is
still a popular institution with the
Speople. They are bound to stick it out,
and if things keep on as they are some
of the restaurant keepers are going to
be bankrupted. Therehas been a great
Sreduction in prices in some of the eat
Sing houses, however, and with those
Swho have made the reduction trade is
getting better, and by the time the
summer erowd commences to pour in
this trouble will be practically settled.
In consequence of the unheard-of
I weather we have been having there has
been much discomfort aunong the for
Seigners in Midway Plaisance. It does
seem as if the elements had conspired
to show the people of other lands what
a perfectly insupportable climate we
have tn this part of the world. For a
Sfew days there was sunshine. Not the
* warm and comfortable kind they have
r In the sunny climes from which many
of them came, but a weaIknd watery
imitation of the real thing. This en
couraged them to venture 'forth from
the secluasios into which the cold and
rain had driven them, But thaeo Would
aeo1S erw get abroad than a sold bans W
.8 clouds would eover up old 8So's luke
wrurq visage, and with a shiver and
a ahudder they would all put for their
respeetive quasrters, where they would is
cower over a handful of embers and in ,
cold-storage acooents give utterance to w
their several and private opinions of l,
American weather. It is really a won
der that there ha" not been a greit e
many deaths amnong -the thinly-clad in
people of the Plaisance, so inhospitable o
and severe has been the spring season. -
Some of the people have been compelled f
to return to their native lands on se- f
count of illness and homesickness t
brought on by bad webther. a
As the season advances the grounds lu
take on fresh beauties in the region of ri
the Horticultural building, and the m
wooded island in the center of the tl
lagoon offers increased attractions. c,
This island is a perfect beauty spot and tl
is much sought by couples who prefer a as
quiet stroll apart from the thickly tt
peopled walks of the grounds. It is
about fifteen acres in extent and is the el
only vestige of natural ground remain- f,
ing in the park. The lagoon separates g
it from the main land, from which it is c
approached by several beautiful p
bridges, all surmounted by fine pieces a
of statuary taken from the wild life of t
the forest The island is to present t_
some fine work in the shape of land- t
acape gardening, and flowers from all s,
lands will soon be blooming in its beds. t1
The crowning glory of the place is to e
be a rose garen, where fifty thousand g
plants of over two thousand varieties a
will stand in graceful grouping. On a
this island are the Japanese temple, the o
New South Wales brush hut and the c
Roosevelt log cabin. c
Another favorite resort of visitors is p
the lake shore. The splendid prome- a
nade is a restful change from the some- a
what difficult round of sight-seeing. t
Here one may stroll at leisure beside a
the blue waters of the lake and quaff v
the refreshing breezes, or, if not averse a
to sitting on the stone embankment, f
take a squat and view the lake craft as a
they come and go. This latter seems t
to be a favorite position with some, and l
it is no uncommon sight to see a spoon
ing couple with their faces turned sea
ward drinking in the beauties of the
scene. 1
The lake pier is another much-sought r
point of vantage. From it may be ob; r
tained a splendid view of the fair build- f
ings and the lake. In the warm days I
of summer, which we have every right r
to expect will come sooner or later, g
providing the weather bureau does not e
get up a corner on rainstorms and keep t
)DED ISLE. -
our ardor perpetually dampened, this
pier will afford a cool retreat from the
glare of the white buildings. Here the
boats unload their passengers, and this
also will furnish a very taking subject
for contemplation. On this pier, which
extends about a block out into the
lake, just south of the grand entrance
to the lagoon, there is a movable side
walk which takes people its entire
length. This in itself is a unique fea
ture, and one that will command a large
patronage.
Aside from the points named there
s are a number of other choice spots
which will be much frequented by those
a ho tire easily of the exhibits in the
a great buildings of the fair.
a Greatest Show the Vorld Ever Saw.
That the fair as an exhibition is
e bound to be a success is admitted even
by its greatest enemies. Men and news
papers that have decried it for two
e years and predicted a great and humili
a sting failure are ready now to concede
5 that Chicago has done more than it
promised to do, and that if the people
of the edou thry do not respond and go
a and get the benefit of the exhibition
a they will lose a sight of the greatest
a aggregation known to modern civiliza
tion. That the world's fair will de
t serve tnis distinction when it is fully
FAIR PRIcE s.
SNo WORLD'S FAIR PRItK
"Liveoa tel- Live" --
WE WANT TO FE ED VOU
S DO NOT WANT TO ROB YoU,
HASit-IIOUSE IIANGEIIS.
y under way is only stating a plain fact
e The outlay of 8.Y3,250,000 in preparation
. would compel the greatest show the
e world ever saw uuless there had been
shameful waste. Of the latter there
seems to have been very ,little. I'rob- i
s ably no previous fair cart show le0
e while the $16,000,000 worth of exhibits,
, making an aggregate expenditure of
0 $50,000,000, insures an exhibition sur
Spassing anything of the kind recorded
t by history.-Philadelphia Press.
S Populatlon of the Falr.
is I°seems that the term "city,"' as it
e has been applied to the world's fair,
n with various descriptive adjectives, is
. not so purely imaginative as would ap
jf pear. In the daytime with a throng of
[ twenty thohsand sightseers in its gates
r. it is a city, of course. But the fair has
s a permanent as wvell as a transient
.d population. The census of this munici
tt pality varies, but a world's fair than
e who has been figuring up a little says
| .that the permanent population alone is
e about fifteen thousand by day and five
Sthousand at night. It includes- exhib
3 itors and their assistants, Colunibian
., guards, and workmen of various sorts,
.- including janitors and others awhose
m business it is tolean up the litter left
ad I by the cr6divd iiter the closing bf the
id gates .
WORLD.p VYOtjITJ' OONORES.
iA eemvteei of seheel tepresse
tatlves.
Among the more than a hundred dif
ftrent congresses to be held during the
world's fair, under the auspices of the
world's .congress auxiliary of the Co
lumbian exposition, the one that stands
out unique and alone, having no prec
edeat in the history of such gather
ings, will tbe the world's youths' con
gress, which will convene on July 17
and hold three half-day sessions. The
fact of its having no precedent, so far
from militating at all against it, seems
to be in its favor, as something like
a general feeling prevails that this Co
lumbian year should mark theoinaugu
ration of some new and decided move
ment looking toward the enlistment of
the youth of America along lines cal
culated to most rapidly develop in
them lofty sentiments of patriotism
and decided notions of what constitutes
truest citizenship.
Delegates to this congress may be
either boys or girls, and are drawn
from the grammar and high school
grades of the public schools in every
county in the United States and of the
public, private and parochial schools of
all foreign countries, though confined
to the ages between thirteen and twen
ty-one yeays. In Chicago the work was
taken up with great enthusiasm in the
schools under the recommendation of
the board of education, and nearly
every school already has its delegate e
enrolled. Most of these delegates
were chosen by an essay contest in the
several schools, and it was hoped by the
committee having this congress in
charge that all the delegates could be
chosen in this way; but it is now so im
portant that the names of these repre- I
sentatives of their several schools
should be in the hands of the commit- 1
tee at the earliest possible time that 1
this committee urges teachers every
where to at once appoint in their
schools a delegate and an alternate and
forward their names, with age, county.
name of school and post office address,
to the secretary of the committee. F.
Frederick Bliss,World's Congress Head
quarters, Chicago.
Teachers everywhere are at liberty to
send names, and if from any county a
larger number is received than that to
which its population entitles it, the com
mittee will select the proper number
from those first received. To insure the
full quota from each county, the com
mittee would be glad if names of dele
gates and alternates were sent from
every school No teacher should fail
to make the appointments simply be
cause none of the young people can at
tend, for some of the benefits of the
enterprise are realized in the mere honor
and pleasure the students feel in their
appointment.
Requests have been sent to the- min
isters of education in all foreign lands
to convey the committee's invitation to
the youth of their several countries,and
asking for their appointment in the
same ratio and on the same terms as in
this country. Replies are being received
from these constantly. It is not ex
pected that any large number of the
youth of foreign lands can actually be
in attendance, but their appointment
and the publication of their names in
the final reports of the gathering would
be them a matter of quite pardonable
pride, and the certificate of their dcle
gateship would be a highly-prized
souvenir of the Columbian celebration.
It is hoped that every teacher reading
this will immediately act in the matter,
and that young people who are attend
ing school will bring it to the attention
of such of their teachers as have not
made the appointments.
WOMEN TO ACT AS GUIDES.
The Corps of Twenty-Five to Be Selected
at Olnce.
There will be twenty-five wlgen
guides altogether and there are
several hundred applicants. The ex
amination and appointment will be
conducted by officers of the board of
lady managers.
No uniform has yet been decided upon
for the women guides, and it is proba
ble that they will not be required to
wear any, owing to the difficulty of
getting more than one woman to agree
upon what would be proper and becom
ing.
According to a member of the board
of lady managexs the women to be em
ployed must be intelligent, well
dressed, well educated-linguists in
fact-and good-looking. For these ac
complishments each woman employed
is to get the paltry salary of thirty dol
lars per month. Members of the board
are endeavoring to have this sum in
creased. Failing in that they will try
to influence, all the women to decline
such work for such pay.
Lieut. Foote, who has charge of the
corps of exposition guides, has eighty
fiveon his staff. Thecorps willbe in uni
form,and the stations will be established
with headquarters in: the Service build
ing. Stations will be located at the
terminal railway station, the pier, Six
tieth street entrance, government pier,
west center of Mlanufactures building,
and other places not yet decided on.
All of these stations will be connected
with the main office in the Service
building, and when there is a special
demand for guides at any one station
reinforcements can be sent from the
others
The rates for services of guides have
been fixed at fifty cents an hour for a
party not to exceed five.
AT THE AQUARIUM.
Latest Arrivals to Peer at Vilitors from
a Lagoons and Glass Csls,.
a Sturgeons and swvord fish too big to
a stretch their legs in the aquarium tanks
e are the last distinguished arrivals in
the Fisheries abuilding. They were
dumped into the lagoon about the cen
Stral fountain, where they are now at
f home to visitors. 1Some of them are big
Senough to eat babies with the ease
I of a Ganges crocodile. The other new
comers are long chaps with tusks for
teeth and cruel looking jaw sand pecul
iar freaks that both swim and walk,
it spelling their wgeary fins with a trp on
r, stubby legs. Deep sea toads, big enough
is to furnish steaks and family roasts, sit
- sulkily on the clammy bottoms of theba
if tanks of brine, with strange monsters
s for conmpanions. This last collection
Ls makes the aquarium complete. How
It ever, the plan is to keep the special
I care constantly in transit to bring new
n creatures and more of,, the old ones
re each trip.
is The aquarium is not large enough to
e accommodate the crowds. The popu
t larity of the exhibit has bxceeded ex
p. ectation. It is now among the fav~C.i
a, ites, with the interest increasing daily.
e Some enthusiasts are working to ha re
ft this feature also made permanent as a
e pailt attract.ia whom the exposition is
- closed.
There are a
I few people left
who still follow antiquated methods of raising
bread,-biscuit, cake and pastry with home-made
mixtures of what they suppose to be cream of
tartar and soda, compounded haphazard,
but there are very few
The best housekeepers use the Royal Baking
Powder instead. Its scientific composition insures
uniform results. By its use alone can the finest
flavored, most wllesome food be produced. To
any housekeeper who has not used the Royal Bak
ing Powder we would like to send our Cook Book,
free. Mark your request "For instruction."
Royal Baking Powder Company,
106 Wall Street, New-York.
A~I;
PEOPLE OF WASHINGTON.
Puzaszrnx CLEnvELND uses the very a
tiniest of stub pens stuck into a mas- h
sire holder, and his handwriting is °
small and very distinct. Mrs. Cleve- -
land writes in fine, large characters. p
Mas. MADELflz VISrox DAmLenLGn P
has in the dining-room of her house in a
Washington the mirror used by Dolly a
Madison in the white house and after- t
ward- in her own home as long as she
lived. c
CoL. DAxuE. S. LAlofr, secretar f
war, and family will spend a portion t
of the summer at Sorrento, where they
have a cottage, and it is reported that
President and Mrs. Cleveland and little E
Ruth will be their chterts for awhile.
FIRESIDE FRAGMENTS.
SUOTUERED BEEP.-Chop raw beef, l
season, add herbs to taste, and sprinkle
with bits of butter. Cover tightly and 1
bake. Serve in pan gravy.--Good
Housekeeping.
POTATO SALAD.-Cut potatoes into 1
cubes, season with salt, pepper and n
little vinegar. A small onion may be
chopped fine and added if desired.
Dress with mayonnaise.
SoFT GINGER BBEAD.-One half cup
ful butter, two cups molasses, one cup
sugar, four cups flour, one cup milk,
four eggs, one teaspoonful baking
powder, ginger and cloves to taste.
Farm. Field and Freside.
A Wonderful Number.
We have received from the Publishers of
The Youth's Comapa.ion, a magnificent extra
issue of thirty-six pares devoted entirely to
the World's Fair. It has more than twenty
articles. giving a full description of the dif
ferent departments of the Fair, many being
written by officers of the Fair. There are
also important directions showing how to
see theFair, and what to see each day.
The illustrations are simply superb, more
than Sixty in number, there being thirteen
full-page photographic illustrations of those
noble- structures comprising "The White
City," the like of which the world has never
seen. This issue has also a strikingly
beautiful cover, lithographed in ten- colors.
It is the most artistic and costly number of
any paper devoted to the Fair. Its publica
tion represents an expendtiture exceeding
Fifty Thousand Dollars. The first edition
printed, of Seven Hundred Thousand
Copies, was exhausted the first week. The
second edition is now ready.
All old subscriber's receive this number
free, and any new subscribers seunding$1t.7
for a year's subscription will also receive a
Copy. Single numbcrs may be obtained by
sending ten cents to Thie Youth's C..ntmpaatot,
Boston, Mass., or of any newsdealer.
Wnax a girl's two lovers call on the same
evening she naturally feels that her corn
pany is two menny.-Binghamton Leader.
A Sliver Quarter
Sent safely, with your address, to Geo. H.
Heaf'uord, General Passenger Agelnt Chica
go, Milwaukee & St. Paul iy., Chicago, Ill.,
will fetch to you by mail, without delay, a
portfolio containing a highly colored, cor
rect lithographic view of the World's Fair
Grounds and Buildings (done by the famous
artist, Charles G raham), together with nu
merous other beautiful litlogranhic and
half-tone views of unsurpassed lake and
river scenery in Wisconsin, Iowa, M.]l~c
sota and Michigan. The "'Quarter"-th
erwise twenty-five cents in silver or U. S.
postage stamps-just covers the cost of the
portfolio. 1Ve pay for sending it to you.
The supply is limited; therefore, send
address at once, or not later than July 15,
1893. _
Tae standing army of America is found
chiefly in the street cars and on the ele
vated roads.-Tcxas Siftings.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleaa
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
s dispelling colds headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical.
profession, because it acts on the Kid
. neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
Sening them and it is perfectly free from
t every objectionable substance.
a Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
a gists infl0c and $1 bottles, but it is man
a afactured by the California Fig Syrup
SCo.only, whose name is printed on every.
1 package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
Sand being well informeyo will not
a accept any suhstitute if oer.
CASTINGS-IR.N
1 Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
ainssU·· Am·a msasSrxZs t
focked on the Crest of the Wave.
The landsman tourist or commercial trav
eler, speedily begins, and not only begins,
but continues. to feel the extreme of human
misery during his transit across the tem
pestuous Atlantic. But i f, with wise pres
cience he has provided himself with a sup
ply oI Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, his
pangs are pronmpuy mitigated, and then
cease-er thle good ship again drops her
anchor. This is worth knowing, and thou
sands of our yachtsmen, summer voyagers,
tourists and business men do know it.
"I no.'T see why you call him greedy
when he gavn you his nice largo apple to
divide." "That's just it.. Of course I had
to give him the biggest piece, then."-Ez~:
change.
GLE~tN's Sulphur Soup is a gei.uine rem
ed . for skinl dlseases.
,ll's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
SoM.of the new carriage-wraps for ladies
make the wearers look hlike piano-lamps.
Boston Times.
BEECHAM's PILLS act like magic on the
liver and other vital organs. One dose re
lieves sick headache in 20 minutes.
HIow san It makes a man to observe a
five dollar hat on a seven cent head.-Texas
Siftings.
HELP IS WANTED
by the women who
are ailing and suf
fering, or weak and
exhausted. And, to
every such woman
help is guarawteed
by Doctor Plerce's
Favorite Prescrip
tion. For young
girls just entering
wvomanhood ; wo
men at the critical
"change of life" ; women approaching
confinement; nursing mothers; and ev
ery woman who is "' run-down " or over
worked, it is a medicine that builds up,
strengthens, and regulates, no matter
what the condition of the system.
It's an invigoratting, restorative tonic,
a soothing and bracing nervine, and the
only guaranteed remedy for "female
complaints" and weaknesses. In bear
ing-down sensations., periodical pains,
ulceration, inflammation, and every kin
dred ailment, if it ever fails to benefit or
cure, you have your money back.
IE' Is It Like This
jA L, --your package of washing compound
J - that you call "Pearline ?" Look at
the front of the package, and see. It
will be for your own good and your
own protection, quite as much as ours.
P rI E The popularity of Pearline has led to
the calling of anything in the shape
WASHING of powder, which is used for washing
COMPOUND or cleaning, by that name.
THE GREAT INVENTION If you find you are using the gen
/pOR SAV/NO TOhL £ KXPSNSe
WITHnor INJUR TO THE uine, we will guarantee that you are
TsxruAR.Co.oR Cn HANDO. well pleased. If you have any com
NEW YORK: plaints to make, we will guarantee
that what you have is not Pearline, but some worthless or
dangerous imitation of it. Many grocers send these imita
tions when Pearline is ordered-more profit to them-sure
loss to you. Send them back, please. ass JAMES PYLE, New York.
CUT THIS ADVERTISEMENT OUT
A-ILND I ClCND IT TO
DRUMMOND TOBA00O 00., St. Louis, Mo.,
AND THEY WILL SEND YOU A TEN-CENT OUT OF
HORSE SHOE PLUC
CHEWING TOBACCO FREE OF CHARGE.
WI- NTotet . his OppOrtuazIty SlUlti
OH S
SI' I" t
I T AP .
THE PDT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY. KITCHEN.
W. .. DOUGLAS
SS eSHOE .V.1h,
Do yeu wear thea? Wihe tl t sml afd try a pa, the
will give you more comibrt and servkce for the m
tsal sa other maki. ion In M rdim.
W. L. Dhg She m-m ~ s the
Latest Setl.
If you want a Iee DRESS SPD don't pay $6 to $1
try my $3.50, $4 cr $5 Shoe. They willit equal to r -
tom made and look and wear as well. If you wish to
economize In your footwear, yeacs do a by purchasin
W. L. Douglas Shea. My nunm and price Is stmpe
on the bottom, look for It when you buy. Take m sub.
stitute. I send shoes by mall upo receipt of price
potage ee, when Shoe Dealer cannot supply yes
Wo. .. DOUGoLAS. Dareemhn. Mies.
SEWIS' 98 E LYE
(rPATIIno)
The erogai and puree Lye
made. Unlike other Lye itbeini
a flne powder and pcked in a eca
with removable l d. the eotentas
are always ready or e. Will
makme the eat erlfume r aIbri
Soap In S m in re, * e u*PS
tng. iS I the beat foreleenslg
waste pipes. dlslnfeetln slake.
closets. warhinf bottles Paint
tretO. EUJA .A.i.J*' CO.
 re.i. Aemeat . .noE LA. Re.
waraue wa hiesae a Dm s E.saaSmL.EA
! SECOoD STREEY. . - WEEPIIS, )3l1t.
etele~tlr m Blteapotr. D rnsmto s. L
i 'I..m.. s ena. rd 1.
35. 1O.. a2 t Dept.
IIIMUST H dAVE AT O P samplerebu5
iiUS I AYS .hlo. (Pat. I) b
1 for2c. Stamp. Immense. trtvellled. Onlygood
one eer luvented. Beat. meigtI. S lo uurpratleled
POIITS f rmakIe WELLS,
SAkTED. oLKlU a ILsau ap. Co.. RwO teas Cte
er blue Mobil;e7. d lae 10
to 05,04.. No pay tut ered.
DR. J. b lPHNFj, Iebsame. Oaio.
Piao'e Remedy for Catarrh is the
r Best, Ealsiest to Use. and Cheapest.
0 Sold by druggists or sent by mail,
0 50d. E.T. Itszelttne.WSYe.Pa.
t N. K.. F. 1450
f WET~lf IFIWO TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE
sate. thea yea eaw the Advvrttsaust in thia
maser.