.111 2 . Z. Harris
ji.Oyrevt4Mh7e. IV ¶t. CA #w4
All Broken Up
FVorm a ..arcd Strenpfth ,*
etor- Hoods eSareaparllla
YC. L Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.:
"Dear Sirs: About two years ago I was and
*enly taken with heart trouble. This followed
me up to last spring, when I was unable to work.
I War Completeui Broken Up
and used different medicines, but without avail.
I suffered at times severely, being unable to
sleep comfortably. Up to the time when I was
frst taken I had always been a healthJylan.
Yest tougher than a bear. I was sad, Tor it
Hood's* Cures
seemed as it I had apparently come totheendof
my usefulness. My tc de was- thatof aboard
sawyer, always earning good wages. A short
time ago a friend advised me to use Hood's Sar
aparilia, which I did. After using one bottlemy
Heart Trouble Was Overcome
so that I amlble to work every day. The
change I attribute to Hood's Sarsaparilla."
CHAUNCY E. I1Anars, Barre, Vermont.
.o d'e Puils cure Constipation by restor
Ing peristaltica ctionofthealimnentarycanaL
ecms.. 4V the high speed at whih Circular aws are r
aore power Is wated in friction than's used In sawing, where
thebearings oa the shaky, weooden sa tframe et out of lino.
In the Aermotor atw Frame,. tthe only Steel saw Frame.
@er 1ede thi illty s outlynd wholl eeentad
beeane eHIARI3GI FOR THI EHAIT 0 A5 15 1Dr 415.
ITrrsoI I NS TaE llDS OF A PIECR OF SlEEL TMINGtS.
tbs steel tubie and hahbitt are then sItted so at to ake opsae
with bolt. Thre free al sl Ieep irtl sad rtioa
lgeeleC M thin notIeg erm get Ie. or er of isee. ?".
I. a yt. havrti nth 1ethe retact ei.ep. e t i a cw to
The swinm frCamomewlc carres thehd tote saw and
which automatically returns to it. pIce ha .easo Beard to
beep s pRolo oe r-c the fly wheel and ret does not cawe it to
penet vry mh of an angl to a thersa. The uso a 100 lb.
lneh y wheelol2d ti inch saw akees this etaily poeablm
I a t he refore, a wer desirChl, Pole aw, making It mL to e
Sp may long laterae quickly sd safely. Another feat. ad
Sinh we ser athI ~ery superior w enme th a 25 lIno
s·peri.nr ew t a mnuch lesn prier than any cheep impetfect
nooden frame can he boght or, w are ure that the friends
efthe Aere.oor will appreciate the feet that we have again
beedt dea the ubtlie a great seaie aend have distlnusgihed
,eetel' aen redesigning an old article and putting it Lnto an
a dlnitely improved shape.
For eaw of similar sie ehd qeality. and orelnale woodot
efrme, you w-"uld e charged hel. R'e .mdke tA ai is-ei
Smm· me aisAC. ia. ore s ot. eeD SIVt YOU A CNASCEt
`to OTIT TAT 0 l5, or the beeJ f ofowr ecnrrd Aer.eor.
We hea- sold an enormous number of rewer Aermort
eutfits with which Sewa are use. and s poor san that .rns hard
detracts from their useflness and their reputation. It we fr-t
tish k err superior saw at a very low price, manytSeared oat'
fiSt will he bought to drive them. Wherever one Goeed Ae
motor goe.. others are sure to fello.
1;hen pteatqrll kenoV article, redeselg it, end pct It
- Its oe er)nr Bto eFlng t ht ha ttpeer bet, t
wtides en cisnlages our reputaton for doing well everythktg
to which w pu5t our hands, and this in the thins that has in
tthe pst brought as much hbueinees to ou factory and which in
the future, we have o doublt, will bring, prsh¢eallty, all i.
business in our line. It is this reputatien that we ae dally
workin for.
"l''ic`tat l i ot hiAesc to Steel BSaw iPrime'and Saw
will confirm nd enhance the fame whhl we hae gained
in the masnfacture of Steel Wir.dmills eand Steel Towers.
hence. for the purpcre of sattering them sa thit perybody
ane hnowthat good thing can he hLed tenaIl pric w
iE COPIES OFTADIsaw NrT 5e. aS thi eties c aspe
ecndttiena tateid in Ito. 2. In ncr nent sdprrtieement.N I. e
we Mal1l tlls of telnesseing, acd mkee an cffer thee wilt tb
aivters" ite. i. . i ed. Vo. S. A.RlOTO* CO.
HORSES OR MULES?
EMMT,
1s guaranteed to Cure
In Every iOase..
NO DRENCHING-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOONFUL.
"'diAt - Str'5i do not. wat to be Wttlibut A
- cpply ofyotur EmcnW's Colic and Bots cure as
Song as Lbwn an animal subject to the above
named lmlsea.es. - Am -. farmer, owner and
breeder of horses, cows end hogs. I have used
the Specific In a good nunmber of eases, and in
every innstamce, found it fully as goo ,las recon
rtended. There is an increasing demand for it
here among the farmers. Yours,
I. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
"Almost as
'Pal|tab~ as Milk"
This is a fact with regard
""to. Scott s Emulsion of Cod
Liver Oil. The difference
between the oil, in its plain
state, is very apparent. In
you detect no fish.-oil taste
. sit is a help to di es
-' rh o after
aiiniT t~at cot 's Emulsion
is the best promoter of flesh
,__and strength known, to
y Soett4 * Downs. It Y Alldt tngl---
the De L
._a
DeLong Bros.
1Thilaldepbi Q~~'-t
Mtate whose name is pronounced in as e
many different ways as Salida. It is a
saially pronounced in three syllables, a
liough Rio Grande porters have a habit n
of abbreviating it to two, shouting as
the train goes plunging into the stna y
Lion "8lyda."
Once in awhile there is a brakeman r
so indiffrent to Salida etiquette that y
he will open the car door, and, in a a
voj a ,gnds indistinct above the 14
r o ~i e wheels, yel: "Slide, twen
ty minutes for dinner," and bang the
dbor shut again, while the mystified v
passengers begin to "slide," expecting
the roof of the car to be scraped off. s
p--htiaio, " sa -asi$t tfe ul- a
tra aristocratic try to get a midway 1i
plaisance twist to it, and pronounce it
'Sa-lee-da.". Some of. the Salidaites
rsather lie this an4 go-'one better by v
giving it a turn and calling it "Sa-lea- c
day." The upper crust, however, look a
proud and, assuming indifference, tip- t
toe, bluestocking-like, up to the mark,
at "Saw-lee-da." Once in a while one e
is found who calls it "C-lee-dah."
There are so many different ways of
pronouncing the name that it causes I
much trouble to trainmen and often I
leads to serious disputes.
To such a condition has it come that 3
when a Rio Grande brakeman gets his
pay and struts around with his pocket a
ufll of money he is likely to say "Saw- a
lee-da," an& when he gets his board 2
bill paid and his name mopped off the
slate uptown and finds himself in a a
dilapidated condition financially, he r
flatly says "Say-lye-day" without any a
compunctions of conscience. )All this u
makes the people of the town feet sore, v
for.they have th& brakeman's monay in
their pockets and "Say-lye-day" sounds a
very commonplace to them- .+:
The name Salida has caused more an
noyance than, the pronunciation of Ar
kansas did until the matter was settled I
by legislation. Col. Hooper. of the Rio
Grande, has been requested to take the I
Salida matter up and have it settled.
It is likely that he will name a comrn- r
mittee to whom will be intrusted the c
matter. :Dr. O'Connor, the chief sur
geon, will probably be an the commit- 1
tee, also Hotel 1Manager Thayer and s
Chief Engineer Rogers. It is said that
the doctor favors the "Sawv-lee-dah"
twist, but Mr. Rogers thinks the best 1
way is to strike a tangent and adopt
the pronunciation adopted by the
porters, "Sly-da." It is likely that a a
compromise can be reached and the I
matter settled for all time to come.
Denver Times.
A MIMIC WAR. =
An Educated Indlaa's Recolleetion of
SBoyish sport.
One of our most curious sports was a
war upon the nests of wild bees. Ve
imagined ourselves about to make an
attack upon the Chippewas or some
other tribal foe. Ve all painted and
stole cautiously upon the nest; then,
with a rush and a war-whoop, sprang
upon the object of our attack and en
deavored to destroy it. But it seemed
that the bees were already on the alert,
and never entirely surprised; for they
always raised quite as many scalps as
did their bold assailAnts! After the
onslaught upon the bees was ended, we
usually followed it by a pretended
scalp-dance.
On the occasion of my first experi
ence in this mode of warfare, there
were two other little boys who also
were novices. One of them, partic
ularly, was too young to . in
dulge in such an exploit. As it
was the custom of the Indians.
when they killed or wounded an enemy
on the battle-field, to announce the act
in a loud voice, we did the same. 'My
friend Little Wound (as I will call him,
for I do not remcmbefi his name) being
quite small, was unable to reach the
nest until it had been well trampled
upon and broken, and the insbts had
made a.eounter charge with such rigor
as to repulse and, scatter our numbers
in every direction. However, he evi
dently did not want to retreat without
any honors; so he bravely jumped upon
the nest and yelled:
"I, brave Little Wound, to-day kill
the only fierce enemy!"
Scarcely was the last word uttered
when he screamed as if stabbed to the
heart. One pf his older companions
shouted:
"Dive into the water! Run! Dive into
the water!" for there was a lake near
by. This advice was obeyed.
SVhen we had reassembled and were
indulging in our mimic dance, Little
Wound was-not allowed to dance. He
was not to be in existence-he had
:beeri "killed" by =our enelies, the -Bee
tribe. Poor little fellow! His tear- I
stained face was sad and ashamed. as
he sat on a fallen log and watched the
&tnce. Although he might well have
styicd himself one of the noble dead
who had died for their country, yet he
was not unmindful that he had
screamed, and that this weakness
would be apt to recur to him many
times in the future.-Dr. Charles A.
Eastman, in St. Nicholas.
A Bad Practie.
Vashing the hands .in the water to
whiclh :amnonia has been added is a
very common recommendation. This
would be well enough, perhaps, if the
supplementary processes were correct
ly given, but the direction is simply
for putting a little of this substance
into the water' in lwhich the hands are
washed. Som~Body follows these di
rections, and finds the hands rough
and disagresble almost beynd endur
a-c' Somi day the victm of this
obltsh pradt~tee miakes hls her mind
that maybe ammonia doesn't agree
wfth her, and forthwith discontinues
its use. The fact is that ammonia is
absolutely unfit for the, tqilet unaless
i es efects'are- carefull r~enoner by
6nte Iulmitble Egentf Itt Nerongly al
kaline and destroys the natural oil on
and near the surface of the skin, lear
ing it rough, crackly and with a de
cided tendency , to chap and wrinkle.
Affier the use of soap of any sort or
any alkaline preparation the hands
should 1ethewongnly washed in clean
water and'rubbed with some soothing
eompurift st t3lhf-lrr¶yerhe and rose
wat~e4p, a bit .f diluted bOLey, almond
some ike sube. This re
'ut eeh softness of #.la and pre
vents chapping. -Troy imes.
Mr. O'l -Kitty, Oi 'm goin' to
get some oi .-imarance n meIgite.
-Mr M, ey..oie-Inhsurandsn ! 1a6 '
th' love av hivin, phwat for?
iaisw bein" disecarged down to th'
,tait O1 want to be psepared whim
..mesi-Puok.
IMeF SHE UtUYb SHOES.
Ose of thei lntee.sg alrenasNtls et
L5, vel Weeir l.m . .
'Hereh wre twia othhm;evidintly "
old friends, and as they stood looking
at a display of shoes in the window of
a Woodward avenue store the first one
remarkedt
"Now, thet, if you were me, would
you reallyabuy a pair of shoes?"
"Why, it seems to me that I would,`
I replied the other, "but you must use
your own judgment about it. Of course,
shoes will always be worn more or
less."
"Yes, I suppose so."
"And if you have an extra pair ii
won't be nothing thrown away."
"No. I guess I will take your ad
vice."
"But don't buy because I say so. I
shouldn't want to regret it, you
know."
t "Well, we'll see."
s It was a busy day and every clerk
was employed, but after taking a seat
on the sofa they gesticulated until the
attention of a floor-walker was at
tracted, and he sent them a salesman.
"You keep shoes, don't you?" in
i quired the one who thought of buying.
"Yes'm."
I "What would you buy-lace, button,
s high or Oxfords?" she asked of her
t friend.
"I always wear high, buttoned, but
t you do as you think best."
s "Well, I will look *t some button
l shoes on an A last. Don't 'bring me
anything but an A last, and I want No.
1 2's."
While he was getting fire or six pairs
of shoes she removed the one from her
D right foot and told her friend a story
r about a woman in Toledo which took
s up nine minutes and kept the clerk
waiting for five minutes.
S"Too small," he said, as he pulled a
s shoe over her toes.
"Is that a No. 2 on an A last?"
"Yes'm."
"Well, that's funny. That's what
I I've always worn."
3 "Well, you can't get your foot in.
e I'll bring you something else."
He brought '3's on a B last. She
managed to get her big toe in with the
r others, but that was all.
Then he brought her No. S's on a C
last, and as she finally managed to
I wiggle her foot into the shoe it was
t evident that she could not stand.
"You'll have to have a larger shoe,"
t he said.
t "My stars! but what can all all your
e shoes? I'm sure I can wear No. 2's on
s an A last. You know that," she added
a to her friend.
"I have always noticed how small
your foot was," was the reply.
Then she tried on Oxfords from No.
2's to No. 4's, and from an A to a D
last. She couldn't walk without hob
bling. Then she went back to buttons
and tried the line all over again with
a out avail. A No. 381 on a D last was
e evidently a fit for her foot. The clerk
" said it fitted like a glove, but she pulled
e it off and whispered to her friend:
S"Don't you think the goods in stock
have shrank?"
"Likely as not."
"Or walking around on my foot has
swelled it?"
"I shouldn'tu'onder."
"Will you take this pair?" asked the
a clerk, as he held them up.
"e "I-I think not. We are just look
e ing around, you know. We may come
d in again. Very much obliged to you."
They started to go out, but turned
* aside to see some slippers and were
e eighteen minutes inspecting them and
0 asking prices. Then they went over
and looked at some baby'shoes and put
i- in twelve minutes more. They had
it reached the door when they saw a sign
* of "Rubbers at cost," and stopped and
y overhauled about fifty pairs and con
t sumed fifteen minutes further time.
y When they finally reached the street.
" the one who had tried on the shoes
g said to the other:
e "We must remember this place so
d as not to come here again. You saw
d for yourself that the people have no
'r accommodation about them."-Detroit
: Free Press.
it His Method.
n Doctor Frank, who was the joker of
the family, was visiting his sister. "I
l dare say you don't approve of that
dish, doctor," said a guest, pointing to
h some iced cucumbers. "Not at all."
e was the solemn reply. "It is abso
s lutely unfith to be eaten by anyone
who has not the digestion of the os
,o trich."
"Dear me, Frank," said his sister,
uneasily, "then you wouldn't advise me
"e to give the children any?"
e "They should not be allowed even to
'e smell them !"
S "WVell, if you're so serious about it, I
e don't believe I shall venture to take
r- any myself. Mrs. IB., will you have
a some?"
e "No, th~ank you, I think not," said
e the guest, in some alarm. "I always
d have eaten them, but you know I've a
e long journey to take to-morrow, and I
d can't afford to be ill."
is "Then, since everybody refuses,"
y said Doctor Frank, "P11 take the dish,
Sif you please. l'm extravagantly fond
of cucumbers, and I find this method
usually ensures me a large supply."
And that day everybody took cucum
o bers and abused the perfidious doctor.
a -Youth's Companion.
That Boy Again.
- "It makes me tired," said MIr. Figg,
"to see the style the Henderbys put
Son. when everyone knows that they
Sare as poor as-aes poor as--"
. "Plaster." interrupted Tommy.
h "Yes, as poor as plaster; porous
. plaster. If you don't send that im
is pudent kid to bed in five minutes I'll
id lick him till he can't see."
Then Mr Figg put his hat on well
Sdown over his eyes, and, not heeding
is his wife's advice to wear hisovershoes,
as went down-town.-Indianapolis Jour
nal.
The Object of His Marrlage.
nl rs. Gadd--l'm very glad to hear
v- you say that Mr. Tillinghastdidn't mar
e- ry Miss Landin for her money. She's
e. such a thoroughly nice girl that she
r deserves to be atir~tied for love, even if
La r." kidd-N -d , Tillinghast didn't
ag mkrry hier.fr-?hermnoney,- bit 'br her
s real estate.-Truth.
ad At'the Amateur Concert.
e Tenor (with astruggle)-Rbck me-es
.o ale-e'-eep, mother.
- rritiil: Listener eagerly) Some
body get his mother' at once, aMd I'll
to go and gather the rocks.-Brooklyn
Eagle. "• -
br .-. ·qut a Direrence.
von tell me hitat Miss Eli-trkin was an
in Ti|nglumett- o1 said she was a
work of art.-4letroit teco Preas.
MOMt 141NT1 AND Ni LPS.
-Sweet Potato Soup: To a pint at
sold sashed sweet potato add a  int. '
and a half of attained stewed tomatof t
rub together through a eolander, add is
salt to season, and half a cup of creastm si
Reheat and serve.-Good Health.
--8ilver Pollshi Five potuids of piLris
white, one ounce of sweet oil, fotlf c
ounces of ammonia, four oinces of al
cohol, one pint of soft water. Mix well o
together and let dry in cakes. This
makes a most excellent polish for elsil
ver ware.-Ohio Farmer.
-Lemon Pie: Stir one tablespoonful
of corn starch (dissolved in a little cold a
water) into a teacupful of boiling wa
ter; creasm one teacupful of sugar with c
one tablespoonful of butter, and add to
the hot mixture. When quite cool, add
the juice and grated rind of one lemon, C
and a beaten egg. Bake in one crust.
-Farm, Field and Fireside.
-Cheese Fingers: Take one-quarte' t
of a pound of puff paste and roll it out t
thin; then take two ounces of Parmea f
san cheese, half a teaspoonful of cay, c
enne and a, pinch of salt. 11iik thesd I
and sprinkle the cheese over half the t
paste, turn the other half over it and
cut it with a sharp knife half an inch I
wide and any length you please. Bake
in a quick oven and serve hot, shaking i
a little grated cheese over them. The t
fingers must be piled in a dish, cross I
ing each other at right angles. -Boston I
Budget. I
-Graham Pudding: Two cupfuls of I
graham flour, one cupful of sorghum.
one cupful of sweet milk, one cupfulof
chopped raisins, one teaspoonful of
soda. Put into the cake pan, cover
tightly, set in a steamer over a kettle
of boiling water and steam two and
one-half hours Sauce. Two-thirds
cupful of sugar, butter the size of an
egg, one pint of hot water. Stir a
heaping tablespoonful of flour into one
fourth cupful of sweet milk or cream,
flavor with nutmeg, and let it boil
slowly half an hour.-Housekeeper.
-Caramel Cake: One-fourth pound
butter, one-third pound flour, one- 2
half teacupful sweet milk, one-half
teaspoonful soda, one teaspoonful 1
cream of tartar, two eggs. Cream the
butter and sugar, add milk, eggs well
beaten, then flour in which is sifted
the soda, etc. Bake in three layers.
Caramel Filling: One-half pound
brown sugar, one teacupful sweet 1
cream. a bit of butter from the above
quarter pound. Boil forty minutes or
until it is sufficiently thickened to
spreak on the cake. Let cool before
putting it on.--Orange Judd Farmer.
-Creamed Fish: Moisten any flaked 1
fish with warm cream to which salt
and pepper have been added. (If milk
is used, add butter.) Put ina buttered
pudding mold, cover the top with but
tered bread crumbs, and place in the
oven until thoroughly heated through,
but not brown. Remove from the oven.
break enough eggs to cover the top, re
turn to the oven and bake slowly for
five minutes. Remove from the oven,
add a bit of butter to each egg. dust
salt and pepper over and serve in the
dish in which it was cooked.-Country
Gentleman.
THE FASHIONABLE FUR.
Favored by the wire of Every Cablnes
OAlcer in the Administration.
The first state dinner of the season
given by the president and Mrs. Cleve
land established beyond a shadow of
doubt that ermine is not only the lead
ing fur in the fashionable world, but
that it is a favorite one with the wom
en of the administration. Without a
single exception the wife of every
cabinet officer rejoices in the possession
of a wrap lined or trimmed with this
fur, which but a season ago was the
despair of dealers, as they could not in
duce customers to purchase it even at
the most ridiculously low price. Now,
by the inscrutable caprice of fashion,
it is the furrier's turn to dictate, and
the society woman's ignoble part to
meekly succumb, since she must keep
up with the fashion at any cost. Not
to possess some ermine, either as lining,
trimming, muff or collar, is at once to
be counted out of the race.
Not only is this fur used for outside
garments by the elect of society, but it
is cropping up in ballrooms, taking the
place of mink and sable as trimming
for gowns of heavy satin, brocades and
even the lighter, filmy materials used
by younger people. Its use is confined
to no especial age, inasmuch as it is
considered in the present season as ap
propriate for the debutante as the
matron. Now that crime is once more
fashionable it has, of course, come to
be looked upon as very effective and
becoming,. without the slightest sug
gestion of stage properties or hint of
I kinship to the robes of kingly tragic
s characters in trailing garments lined
with royal cat fur, embellished by va
rious devices of the costumer's art to
I siunulte the costly genuine ermine
Stails.-Kate Field's Washington.
S Care of the licK Room,
A sick-room that needs cleaning can
be made fresh and sweet without
sweeping and without dust by wiping
i everything in it with a cloth wrung
Sout of warm water in which there are
a few drops of ammonia. The rurs
Sand draperies, though there should not
be any in the room, the doctors tell us,
may be put upon the line for a thor
ough airing and wiped in the same
way. The feather duster, which
Sshould be banished because it does no
Sreal good anywhere except to stir up
Y and redistribute the dust, is especially
out of place in the sick-room, where
there may be, and doubtless often are,
a germs of disease in the innocent-look
- ing dust. If a patient is in a nervous
11 state, a screen may be placed in front
ofthe bed while the freshening goes
I1 on. If the room can only be heated by
g a stove, the noise of putting in coal can
Sbe deadened by wrapping the coal in a
r- paper before putting on the fire.-N.
Y. Post.
Wow to Make Sheets Last Long.
The bed furnishings are the objectof
careful consideration in homes where
economy must be rigidly practised and
are strictl- watched to defer the ne
eessity for their removal as long as
' possible. iMa.terial that is wide enough
to obviate the necessity of seaming is
usually selected for sheets; and when
they begin to wear thin down the mid
dle, the careful woman does not
e wait for holes to make their appear
ance, but splits the sheets at the cen
e- ter, neatly overhands the selvedges to
11 gether and hems the raw edges The
n outer portions of a sheet are very little
worn, and when they are thus placed
in the middle the serviceableness of
't the sheet is greatly increased. If
n sheets are so badly worn that they can.
not be turned in this way, the whole
a portiohs may be used to make bolster
or pillow eses--N.-l. 'World,
THE OOLLESl.,
Panea'ros will debate with neither
Y .-al or larvaru thlemesa. .The eye
toms of debate in vogue at each ool
legs are so different that it is Impos
sible to find any common ground upon
which to stand.
Ar a Lehlgh college meeting held to
diseiiss thut subject of either dropping
lacrosse or baseball on account of lack
of funds to support both it was decided
to make an attempt to raise the toney
and to keep both teams.
JoaRes HorBrs has received a valu
able collection of. fossils from Robert
T. Hill, of Washington, a geologist
connected with the government sur
vey. The collection contains more
than four thousand specimens and is
considered one of the most complete in
this country.
Tn: students of Harvard ·ad the
tTUiversity of Pennsylvania are to com
pete for a prize of two hundred and
fifty dollars, offered by John C. Ropes,
of Boston, for the best essay submitted
by a candidate for a degree in either of
the above institutions on the subject:
"Tht Causs of the Russian War of
1812.
ALExI&.DEl R MAZyrc, who died at
London, Canada, on January 27, was
the oldest living graduate of Prince
ton college, having graduated in 1820
in a class of forty-three members. By
his death William Clay Wallace, of
Newark, N. J.. of the class of 1b28, be
comes the oldest living graduate.
THE library of Yale university has
just received from Robbins Battell, of
Norfolk. a gift of a richly-bound copy
of the very rare octavo edition of Per
cival's poems, prepared for a memorial
of the erection of a monument last
year by a few of the poet'sfriendsover
his grave in Wisconsin.
610e nsu. Lbs. Oats from One Mas. seed.
·This remarkable, almost unheard-of,
yield was reported to the John A. Sal- I
zer Seed Co., La Crosse, Wis., by Frank
Winter, of Montana, who planted one
bushel of Great Northern Oats, care
fully tilled and irrigated same, and be
lieves that in 1894 ha can grow from one
bushel of Great Northern Oats three
hundred bushels. It's a wonderful oat.
90 sorts 'Reld corn, yielding 80 to 130
bushels per acre.
IF YOU WILL CUT THIS OUT AND SEND IT
with 8c postage to the above firnM you
will receive sample package of. above
oats and their farm seed catalogue. [a1
"HIT am er great t'ing ter be consistent,
but not too much so," remarked Uncle Eben.
"De clock in de jeweler's sign dat allus
p'ints ter twenty minutes past eight is one
ob de lnos' consistent- tings what is."
Washington Star.
-'I wrsw," said a railway passenger as a
bunch of comics were dropped into his lap
by the train boy, "that these people would
quit poking fun at me."-Washington c Star.
Catarrh Cannot Be Cnred
with LocAL APPLIcArTIOs, as they cannot
reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a
blood or constitutional disease, and in order
to cure it you must take internal remedies.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is not a quack
medicine. It was prescribed by one of the
best physicians in this country for years and
is a regular prescription. It is composed of
the best tonics known, combined with the
best blood purifiers, acting directly on the
mucous surfaces. The perfect combination
of the two ingredients is what produces such
wonderful results in curing Catarrh. Send
for testimonials, free.
F. J. CnENEY & Co., Props., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, price 75c.
Hall's Family Pills, 25 cents.
Snu-"They say my sister has a prettier
figure than I. But asure of her answer)
whose figure do you like best, Jack, dear?'
He (fervently)-"Your father's, darling."'
Brooklyn Life. a
"Why don't you like Teddy Jones?" Jamie
-" Oh, he has awful manners." "What
does he do l" "Says his lessons better'n me
'most every day."-Inter Ocean.
As Appeal for Asslstance.
The man who is charitable to himself will
listen to the mute appeal for assistance made
by his stomach, or his liver, in the shape of
divers dyspeptic qualms and uneasy sensa
tions in the regions of the gland that secretes
ibis bile. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, my
dear sir, or madam-as the case may be-is
What von require. Hasten to use if you are
troubled with heartburn, wind in the stom
ach, or note that your skin or the whites of
your eyes are taking a sallow hue.
"Now, listen. Freddie: the doctor said
that it was that little bit of candy you ate
I last night that made you sick." " ell, you
know how I asked you over and over to give
me a whole lot."
160 World's Fair Photos for al.
These beautiful pictures are now ready for
delivery in ten complete parts-16 pictures
comprising each part-and the whole set can
be secured by the payment of One Dollar,
sent to Gzo. H. HzarPoRD, General Passen
l ger Agent Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul
Railway, Chicago, Ill., and the portfolios of
pictures will be sent, free of expense, by
f mail to subscribers.
Remittances should be made by draft,
money order, or registered letter.
"I FEAR." said the postage stamp, when it
found itself fastened to a love letter, "that
I'm not sticking to facts."- Indianapolis
Journal.
CcsE your cough with Hale's Honey of
Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
t "BOLDEr. is growing \-erv eccentric, don't
vou thinkl" "Great Scott! I didn't know
t hat he had as much money as that."--Inter
Ocean.
A RELt&az safety coupler-the minister.
S--Lowell Courier.
IT'S A NILLSTONE
man's neck obe a
sufferer from ner
vous exhaustion, ner
vous debility, impair
ed memory, low
r and the thousand
mon laangements
of mind and body
that result from,
unnatural, pernicious
habits, contracted
uc:h tobits urut in
los of manly power,
wreck the constitution and sometimes pro
duce softening of the brain epflepsy, pa
raysis, and even dread isnity.
To reach, re-claim and restore such un
fortunates to health and happiness, is the
aim of the publishers of a bok written in
Splain but chsste laguslg, on the nature,
Ssymptoms and brabt y home treat
Smen m of ucmh disses. book will he
i set sealed, in plain envelope, on reoipit of
ten cents in stumps, for postage Addres,
.World's D  j ]i Medcl Association,
s B6S; eea Patn Bt~oN., .Y.
a ELY'S C .
CREAM BALM
Cleanuse the
-asal Passages,
Allays Patn ad
la Infmms ton,
eals-e the Sores.
f Restores the
a an Smell.
ROCERS recommendcLthe i
ROYAL BAKING
POWDER because they de
sire to please their custom
ers, and customers are most
pleased when they get the best
and the most' for their money.
ROYAL BAKING POW
DER is absiolutely pure, goes
further, and makes better food
than any other leavening agent.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 10 WALL _ 1. OW YORK.
ALWATS GETS TnaRE. - Jack Potter
"Well, there's one thing in this world that
nearly always gets its dues." Ned resheunt
-'What's that" Jack Potter-''"Thse club."
-Brooklyn Life.
"'JAcD saysmy hats always look just like
me." Della--"I've often noticed that you
always wear simple little bits of millinery."
-Inter Ocean.
IT is an indisputable fact that every man
who wears his watch in his vest pocket is
behind time.-Philadelphia Record.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement snd
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet.
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
Spare Pearline
Spoil the Wash
Lessens Pain
Insures Safety
to Life of
Mother and Child.
"My wi e, after using 'MOTHER'S FRIEND,' passed through
the ordeal with little pain, was stronger in one hour than in
a week after the birth of her former child.
-J. J. MCGOLDRICK, Bean Station, Tenn.
" MOTHERS' FRIEND " robbed pain of its terror and shortened labor.
I have the healthiest child I ever saw.-MRs. L. M. AHERN, Cochran, Ga.
Sent by express, charges prepaid, on receipt of price, IS.So per bottle.
Book "To MOTHRms" mailed free.
seld by All Drussats. BRADFIELD REGULATOR 0., AUlla, a.
THEY LOOK
SPICK ANDSPANNEW'"
Clothes
When Washed With
GLAIRETTE SOAR
evoa sown yfara
" ~ Ise
"TuET callthe land 'terry a myT " groaned
Barnes. on his first voyyage; '7 Vonder what
they call the sea "'Vic vers'; J aure,"
said Mrs. B., as she wobbled about.
" Brouwn's Brinc»ial Troches " have an Mre
traordnary effect in all disorders of the
throat. Sold only In boxes. 25 cts.
MUlike ther Dtch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
prepjaxtion of
W. BAKERA & CO.'S
akfast~ocoa
~chiech ,i etb.Etsl
pure asnd gslea .
It h mre thaat errse tttee
the atrength of Cocoa med
with Starch, Arrowroot oo
Sugar. and is far more eco
nomical. c les thao ae d ent cup.
It o . delIin. ourilhingo and orA a -
S,srrated aana
INEI ZED. / O -
Sold by 9racers everywhre3.
HW. BUB E B * Doub"S, staN s
,REPA R Bi t ".'tsi i^"s d*.
tt. .N. K. O A 1490
tt t to s6w beat mlue for thso `r
Sthe or. me nd r
paoirwuranted. Take no subset
tulte See lncnt papers for futS
description of our complete
1IWI linnes or ladies and gen.
tlmen or send for i!r
ILtlreoed Cat aogad
mA~y how to or
der by mall. Postage free. 'You ean get the hea
bargains of dealers who push our shos.
NEE WALL PAPERS
Then send A seats p tare and receIve Sampler
of the l~andseuaSet Vtlers ta the money
In the cemntr". FAU3 ZT ' L0ooRS
NEEDLE 8 Forall wlgdtlaebnes.
REPAIRS.' SIa . WKM'JI"
ne-VAIa Taras PaP m.s s sy)
--r Na pleat. mm.J
OANOER r lered. knife.
B. IARRtS. Port PATSr Ale.a
WEAN· 13m5 reeassewn .awptso.
A. N. K., F. 1490
WREN WRITING TO ADVEITR5.ER5 PV .3*3
Ppaer.