° . THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1805. . NUMBER 12.
MOUTON BROS.
-0DALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
LoW'est Prices Consistest With
Quality of Uoods.
ULicela Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LPIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Soles' Steme
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
"1878. Repairiurg of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
-T. nRM L CROVI"T
LAFAYETTEf LA.
The system of edecation includes the
Prench and English languages, Musla
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfnrt of those placed under tha
cre of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
S'WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
er BHank Iledlllag.
TRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
SLowest prices, consistent with work
Saone. All work promptly attended to
ratisfaction guaranteed.
ii. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
T.atyeto, La.
B . W. ELLIOTT,
X0orney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
A.ttoxenel s at LJ.lv,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
EEDStable
FEED
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
areful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTIE, LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAPA ETTE. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AND-
Sale Stable
B COISTUTII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A praetitioner in the State 25 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his now and successful treat
meat of the respiratory organs. lMedi
e linhalations combined with consti
tutional'treatment affording a cue is
Consumption, in the first and second
period If they follow exactly the treafr
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chronie diseases in gea.
mal a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
JTstice of the Peace.
areful asnd prompt attention given te
ohe oolleotion of h~iI. areonnts, notes or
drafts. Sale and purease of lands at
C. iH. MOUTON,
,Ar sto1 nllT pt I lw,
bMuasildnas 14.
LET US BE QUIET.
Let as be qgaleti What Is there to gain
By fret sahi worry in this fleeting llfoP
Alas, tar all the self-inflicted peinl
Alas for all neo self-invited strifol
Let is be quietl Winds and waters wage
In vain the fiercest conflict ever knownt
They cannot reach a star. howe'ot they raga,
Nor touch the base of God's eternal throne.
Let us be quiet when out foes Conspifr
To do us evil or to thwart out goods
When friends charge ill to all our right desire
And best of motives are misundersteod.
Let us be quiet when that tghots arise
Those phantom eteatures of night's fevered
brain;
They fly when morning's sun illumos the skies,
And we behold the world in light agaal.
Let us be quietl Passing years shall prove
Purpose divine upon our welfare bents
True wisdom, hand in hand with deepest love,
Works out for us the will omnipotent.
-RIt. I, Ofiord, in N. Y. Observer.
LUCK OF THE ATKINSES.
BY ItAItOAIET 11. YEATES.
Nobody ever was poorer than the At
kinses, or, in common parlatikc , hany
more "shitfless." '1'he tamily consisted
of the old trath, 1ill by name, a half
blind, decrepit creature, who yet pos
seesed a share of quaint humor; his
wife, Lou-i-sy, a lazy, ragged old
woman, who had grown fat on nothing
and who managed to keep lier 'nuft
'box full even when tho offTee-pot was
.empty, and five or six lank, sallow
boys and girls in various stages of age
and dirtiness. They occupied a small
log house on the outskirts of a town in
the mountains of Arkansas, and their
dwelling was remarkable only for its
simplicity. It cofsisted of a single
room which the entire family occupied
without regard to age or sex; the fire
place furnished at once heat, light and
the means of cooking thel- scanty
food. Three wretcheb beds, a broken
chair or twO, a box which served
as it table, a frying-pan, spider
and coffee pot, with a few broken dish
es, composed the entire wealth of the
Atkins family, for their house was the
property of a well-to-do citizen who
let them live there for very pity. It
was quite prosperous, this inland Ar
kansas town, though fifty rough and
rocky miles from the nearest railroad;
it was considered by the country folk
around a dashing, stylish place. The
ladies there never went barefooted,
even in the hottest weather, and sun
bonnets were long since out of date.
The men, too, wore store clothes, and
some of them wore their coats to meet
ing during the summer;.but this inno
vation was by no means popular. It
was a gossipy little community, as an
isolated place must be, and its church
and political factions managed to keep
things from stagnating. But the whole
town was united upon one thing-in
heartily condemning the Atkinses.
Even the Methodists and the Campbell
ites agreed on that, and they did not
often agree' upon anything, for the
Campbellites had affirmed that they
could sing louder and faster than the
Methodists, and the boast had caused
considerable ill feeling.
The town had to support the Atkins
es, so surely it had the right to disap
prove of them, but the disapproval was
rather out of proportion to the aid they
furnished, and, had the position been
reversed, the Atkinses would have had
more to eat. One lady in the town had
declared that she would never help
"them Atkinses" again. She related to a
circle of sympathizing friends that she
had offered 'Mis' Atkins two bits a
week an' all she could eat' if she
would do her washing and cooking, but
the offer had been refused. Mrs. At
kins said she had to stay at home and
take care of her "man," as he was
"mighty nigh blind," and the old man
had jocosely remarked that he "'lowed
Lou-i-sy'd been doin' nothin' so long
she'd hate to quit."
Mr. Johnson was proprietor of the
only grocery store in the town. lie
had come from New England years be
fore, and had opened this store when
lemons and oranges were practically
unknown and white sugar well-nigh
as hard to obtain. By dint of keeping
these and similar luxuries and selling
them at astonishingly high rates, and
by introducing into the western market
many high-priced novelties, such as
sardines, canned fruits, oatmeal, A B C
crackers, and other articles calculated
to please the eye and palate of the
village customer, he had managed to
amass quite a tidy little sum. On this
gentleman the burden of contributing
to the support of the Atkinses fell
with especial severity. Not that he
gave more than anyone else-quite the
contrary-but that his well-known
stinginess made him feel it more. It is
doubtful if he would have giv Kiven any
thing at all, but from his desire to
stand well in the eyes of the communi
ty, and especially of the gentleman on
whose land the Atkinses lived. He
was the rich man of the town, and his
infuthnce and importance were wonder
ful in a small way.
One evening a group of men had
gathered in Mr. Johnson's store, as
was the custom, solemnly gossiping
about the events of the day. The pro
prietor stood behind the counter keep
inff an anxious eye on hIis boxes of
crackers and fruit that stood invitingly
open. He was a slender man, slightly
stooped, with his face and upper lip
shaven and an iron-gray Imard adorn
intg his chin. He had small eyes and
a bland smile that was intended to be
very pleasing. It was hard to keep
the smile this evening, though, for a
lank mountaineer was making fearful
depredations upon a box of "animal
crackers" that stood open on the coun
to.) He dared not *top the man, for
he was a possible customer, but as he
saw his pastry cows and elephants dis
appearing his heart sank within him.
It was not until he had safely maneu
vered the box out of the man's reach
that he was able to give his attention
to the chat that was going on.
Abe Lewis had the floor, and he was
telling something that was truly
astounding. "Have you fellers heerd
that ole Bill Atkins is goin' to draw
some money oGon?" he asked. The
sartSlnq tbo InWe pr4oUQd wis fuIy
up to the speaker'sexpeetatian. "Yes,
ithat man that was here s.wlhi t bailt
looking out for petislihs is gote' t1o gil
a pension ter ill," he cootiniued.
"You all k:o~ow Bill fit in the usa-i an'
he's blind, you know; an' hes  oirl' to
git his mnr-ne~ holy booll. I reckon his
back. payil be sev'rul thousand dollars.
It'll be two or three months befrkd
he'll git it btiit they say it't sure to
come:" Wtl, ivell! would wonders
Beyer cease? Bill Atkins a moneyed
mau! The news must be true, for the
whole party remembered the klesion
examiner who had Visited the towin,
and two or three men testified to see
ing him go to Atkins' hlioiis
lhe ilWg spread like wildfire
through the little town, and created a
variety of emotions. A few skeptical
souls pretended not to believe it, but
they were in a hopeless minority, and
the subject was discussed in all its
bearings. The Atlkinses had suddetaly,
and by no effort of their own, become
Very important citizens. Mrs. Smith,
the wife of one of the tririisters; told I
the ladies id the sewing society
that she thought it a shame that none a
of them ever went to see the Atkinses. a
"They've got souls to save if they air
pore," she added, judiciously overlook
ing the fact that report said they were
no longer beggars. Mrs. Kelly, the -
lady who had avowed her intention of
never helping them again, looked quite
abashed, and secretly resolved to send
Mrs. Atkins a pitcher ot buttermilk
that very evening.
Next morning Mrs. Atkins herself
set forth for a visit to Johnson's store,
entirely unaware of the rumor that
iwas abroad. She entered the place
rather timidly and in a very apologetic a
tone asked for a pound of bacon, a lit
tle coffee and a box of snu, adding, as a
was her invariable rule, that she would
pay for the things as soon as "berries 4
gits ripe." As Mrs. Atkins had made
this same promise every time she had
entered the store, there was no reason
why it should have particularly im- I
pressed Mr. Johnson; yet he seemed de
lighted, and hastily produced the things
she wished, but in much more generous
quantities. "How wouldyou like a nice a
ham?" he asked, holding up the article
in question. Mrs. Atkins hesitated.
She was as honest as her limited
means would permit, so she shook her
head, saying he would get tired of
waiting for his pay. "No, indeed," he
insisted; "take your own time to pay
for it. I don't mind waiting a bit on a
good customer." Thus urged, Mrs.
Atkins took the ham, and added several
unaccustomed luxuries to her list. lie
would not allow her to carry the
things, but sent them in his delivery
wagon, and gave her at parting a po
lite "call again." Mrs. Atkins went
home in a truly astonished state of
mind, related her remarkable adven
ture to the old man and the children,
and wound up by declaring that "Jim
Johnson's been converted, and I i now
it, else he never would have did it."
The Atkinses enjoyed a square meal
that morning, the first in many a
weary day.
The two churches-thbre were only
two in the town--seemed to vie' with
each other in paying,delicate atten
tions to the hitherto neglected family.
To be just, the two ministers and their
wives had endeavored to induce theA
Atkinses to "join the church," but
their efforts had not, been crowned
with success, largely, it seemed, be
cause Mrs. Atkins and Mandy, the
oldest girl, had "nothin' to wear."
But now the other ladies of the church
developed a sudden interest in the
matter, and upon receiving the usual
reply one of them boldly asked:
"Well, why don't you git a dress at
Boothby's? He'll wait till you git the
money." Mrs. Atkins, who wasgetting
a little accustomed to her unexpected
turn of good luck, plucked up heart
to go to Boothby's, the largest "dry
goods and general merchandise" store
in the place, and, though somewhat un
certain of her reception, managed to
express a desire for a certain purple
calico toward which her heart had in
clined, but .which she had never
dreamed of possessing. Mr. Boothby
was most affable; certainly she could
have the goods, and anything else she
wished. A pink calico for Mandy
was added, and the enterprising mer
chant succeeded in pressing upon the
bewildered woman various articles of
adornment entirely unsuitable to her,
but of which he had found some trouble
in disposing.
Thus it went on. Mandy and her
mother became regular church goers,
arrayed in their elegant new calicoes,
and even the old man had a new suit
of "store clothes" sold him on time
and somewhat against-his will by an
accommodating merchant of the town.
In vain the Atkinses protested that
they did not know when they could
pay for all these luxuries; these gen
erous friends smilingly waved aside
all such scruples and protested that
they were perfectly willing to wait.
Thus the winter passed, the Atkinses
daily growing in favor It had been a
hard season, but, thanks to the indul
gence of their now numerous friends,
they fared well, and the oldest boy had
a position that enabled him to earn a
little.
Spring came, and with it the pen
sion oifficer came to the town again.
He stopped at Johnson's store one day
to purchase some cigars, and that
smiling merchant took occasion to
question him a little. "When is ole
Bill Atkins goin' to get his pension?"
he asked.
"Atkins-Bill Atkins? I don't re
member anyone of that name. Oh,
yes, you mean that old half-blind fel
low that lives at the end of the town.
Why, he won't have any pension at all.
He applied, and I examined the ease
when I was here before. His blindness
has nothing to do with his war service.
There is no reason in the world why he
should have a pension. He has known
ever since I was here last fall that he
wouldn't be allowed anything."
So saying, the pension-man paid for
his cigars and strolled out of the store;
but the silver lay • unnoticed on the
counter. M-. Johnson stood with his
mouth wide open and his eyes starine
**t vr~aar--tapaob tt's MIe si
HENNESSY WAS ELEVATED.
thidfi an fh&ditbiis keii tH Stiupplort i
lailUsbjhnihsf' iropesitiai.
"Inherent in every person," said
lrederick Upham Adams, '"is a great
talent fot superintending. Man is
maturally i 'boss.' 'the ability to be
ostedl is all i(eJuJked hahit:;' lesides
L'eiti thibf l ~lihoe liispector Mr. Adams
Is strongly addicted to esoteric philos
ophy. "I recall Att instattee illustra
tive of this tsroposition." Contitnted Mr.
Adani ias he souight d match. "Up
fIlgiii *ay the sectiont gang was out
repairmin the trtbk. 'T'hefe ~were seven
itieei ii the outfit, including the see
tion boss. It was pay day and the ex=
ecutive had to go to Elgin to the pay
ear and get the money for his men.
'Ilennessy,' he said to one of the men,
'kape an eye on the b'ys while I'm
gone.'
"Section Boss Casey had turned the
curve and was beyond view by the time
Hennessy had his pipe alight and was
ready to discharge the functions of
boss.
"'Fwat are yes doin', Mick?" he
asked of his friend and late his equal,
one Durkin.
" 'Cuttin' wades,' replied Durkin.
'" 'Kape on cuttin' them,' said Ilen
nessey.
"''For why are yes pack in' that
guage about, Misther McDermott?"
" 'I'm seein' is the thrack straight.'
"' 'Tis a good thing the gunge is bet
ter capable of measurin' than the eye
av yez since the day Jim Casey gev ye
the wallop. An' be sure ye kape them
parallil. Fwat are yez thryin' to do
with the push buggy, McGinnis?' and
the dignitary turned his superior gaze
on the man who was taking liberties
with the running gear of a wheelbar
row.
" 'It's oilin' it I am,' returned Mc
Ginnis with humility.
" 'Drop it, man, drop it. There a
job for the masther mechanic. Take
that bar and tamp up thim ties. Fwat
th' 'ell does any man av the name of
McGinnis know about machinery?"
"Then," said Mr. Adams, "Hennes
sey sat on the hand car and cursed his
slaves for two hours, at the end of
which time Casey returned with the
pay."-Chicago Times-Herald.
BREAKFAST BACON.
seom Care Is Necessary in theo Cooksng to
SHave It Right.
As to cooking bacon.most people find
frying the most handy method of serv
ing bacon in small quantities. It will
not do, though, to thrust the pan on
the stove and leave the bacon to cook
itself. Some care is necessary, as, like
other things, all bacon does not behave
in the same way, and a slice of lean
needs to be turned over on to a fatter
part to keep it from getting too dry,
while another rasher cooks more quick
ly than the rest, so without care the
rashers will not cook evenly. In doing
small quantities it is well to put a lit
tle bacon fat in the pan. Save it each
day when frying, pouring it in a jar to
keep it. This plan preserves the meat
from hardening. Some of the best
cooked bacon I ever saw was served
daily among other breakfast dishes.
The rashers were cut with mathe
matical precision, and laid in a large
baking tin, overlapping each other, so
that each strip of lean was on the fat
of the rasher underneath. The tin
was then placed in the oven, and left
till the meat was cooked. The bacon
never varied in appearance, the lean
being beautifully tender, and the fat
cooked through, but not chippy. Every
stranger always asked how the bacon
was cooked, and why it never looked
done too little or too much.
Boiled bacon goes further than fried,
and a dainty little bit is the end of the
loin when it is rather lean. A piece
weighing two and a half pounds makes
a nice piece for a small family, and
should be boiled, the rind peeled off
and the fat crumbed as a ham. This,
when cut off a piece of good Wiltshire,
is a great delicacy, and to be recom
mended when a ham proves too large.
Then the gammon or fillet is a good
boiling piece to use as ham, and may
weigh from four pounds to six pounds.
By taking a corner piece or weighing
the "hand" in, a much lower price is
asked, but perhaps in the long run the
middle cut is as cheap, as there is ab
solutely no waste at all.-London
Queen.
-A definite critical edition of Dante
has been undertaken by the Societa
Dantesca d'Italia, the first based on the
collection of all accessible manuscripts.
As nearly 600 manuscripts of the divine
comedy are known to exist, the labor
n ill be enormous. In its publication,
the Giornule Dantesco, the society as
sumes as settled certain questions
"The historical reality of Beatrice, now
admitted almost generally; the date of
the Vita Nuova, now determined to be
long to the first years of the last de
ade of the thirteenth century; the sup
position that some part of the Convito
was written before Dante's exile, now
shown to be without foundation; the
composition of the De Monarchia, now
generally held to be later than that of
the other minor works."
-Ben Franklin's morals and religions
belief have been the subject of much
discussion. A letter written by Frank
lin to his sister, Mrs. Mecum, dated Oc
tober 19, 1789, indicates the writer's
Brm belief in the goodness of God. It
is one of the last letters written by the
great philosopher, and the following
extract will show the state of his mind
at the time: "As to my Health it con
linuesas usual, sometimes better, some
imes worse, & with respect to the
Iappiness hereafter, which you men
Lion, I have no Doubts about it, confid
ing as I do in the Goodneas-ff that
being who thro'so long a Life has con
Iucted me with so many Instances
,t it."
-Mistress-"Why, Lina, how can
von keep on reading that novel while
oaby is crying so?" Maid-"Oh, ma am,
it's crying doesn't disturb me at all."
it-Bitu.
-There are three Orders of St. Mich
-el, belonglng respectively to 1avsri ,
junace nud Gefra1 .,
HOME HINTS AND IiELtPS,
--Appie lritthrsl 'l'th e eggs; th-ltr
tablespoonfuls sifted sugrai, ovie uitt
flour, salt, milk to m'ake a good bat- 1
ter, as many apples chopped fine as
the batter will take. Sift sugar over
When fried.-Mrs. Dale, in Home.
Lamp Shades: Artificial lights hurt
the eyesight more or less, but most of
all when they are placed on a level
With the eyes. A shade of some kind a
should always be used which not only I
protects the eyes from the bright glare a
but makes the light fall directly on a
the book or work: t
-Currant Jumbles: One-fourth pound I
of flour, one pound of white sugar. a
three-fourths of a pound of butter, a
five eggs, one gill of sour milk, one t
teaspoonful of soda, two cups of cur- a
rants, flavor with mace and nutmeg, I
and if you like a glass of wine. Drop i
the mixture on pans and bake.-Boston
Budget.
-Lemon Dumplings: Half a pound I
of breadcrumbs, half a pound of fine
ly chopped suet, a quarter of a pound a
of dried flour, the iuice and rind of one 1
lemon, and two eggs. Alix the in
gredients well together, divide them i
into eight dumplings, throw into boil- 1
ing water, and boil steadily for an 1
hour.-Leeds Mercury. I
-Gingersnaps: One cupful of sugar, I
one cupful of molasses, one cupful of I
lard or butter, one teaspoonful of salt,
one teaspoonful of ginger. Put on (
stove, let come to a boil, remove and 1
mix with a teaspoonful of soda dis- (
solved in a little hot water; mix stiff I
and roll thin, and bake in a quick 1
oven.-Farm and Fireside.
-Browned Eggs: Hard boil the eggs,
cut in halves, remove the yolks care
fully and pound them to a smooth
paste, adding pepper, salt, butter and
a very little cream. Refill the cavities 1
with this mixture and press the two '
halves firmly together. Roll each in
beaten egg, then in fine bread erumbs, 1
place in a frying basket and fry in a
deep lard to a delicate brown.-Farm
and Home.
-Stewed Carrots: Boil the carrots
until they are half done, then scrape
and cut into thick slices; put them in
to a stewpan with as much milk as will
hardly cover them; a very little salt
and pepper, and a small quantity of
chopped parsley; simmer them until
they are perfectly tender, but not
broken. T"hen nearly done add a piece
of butter rolled in flour. Serve hot.
Farmers' Voice.
-Polenta with Gravy: Have ready a
quart or more of thick hasty p*idding,
with a spoonful of butter added, a cup
ful of good gravy and one of tomato
sauce, all very hot, and half a cupful
of grated cheese. Dish up the pudding
with alternate layers of tomato and
gravy and sprinklings of cheese, and
serve immediately. This simple dish
is a savory and also a very substantial
one.-Country Gentleman.
-Eggs in Newport Style: Soak one
pint of bread crumbs in one pint of
milk, whip eight eggs very light and
mix with the soaked crumbs, beating
for five minutes. Have ready a sauce
pan in which are two tablespoonfuls of
butter melted and hot, but not scorch
ing. Pour in the mixture, season with
pepper and salt and scramble with the
point of a knife for three minutes, or
until well cooked. Serve on a warm
platter, heaped on slices of buttered
teast.- Orange Judd Farmer.
-Cream Pie and Orange Dessert:
Cut the oranges in thin slices and
sprinkle sugar over them; let them
stand two or three hours; serve on or
dinary fruit plates. The pie is made
with a bottom crust only, and that not
thick, but light and flaky. Take ode
coffee cup of thick, sweet cream, half
a cup of pulverized sugar, a tablespoon
ful of flour, one egg; flavor with lemon
extract; bake until you are sure tiue
crust is brown and hard, so that it will
not absorb the custard.-Farmer's
Voice.
THE PLAIN SEAM.
It Is a Sln of Usetalness and Comfort is
the Home.
In these days of advanced education.
when one must have had manual train
ing, and have learned how to whittle
and how to model, even in the kinder
garten, how to shape and design in the
drift of later teaching, how to speak
various languages, solve severe mathe
matical problems, play intricate son
atas, and do all that may become a
woman wishing .to be seen to be ac
complished in the eye of the world-in
these days that make sure of all this.
some of the accoinplishments whose
value is felt only in the domestic circle
are entirely neglected. It is more than
likely that not one of the young women
thus instructed could take a prize in
a county fair for a patch viewlessly
set in, or for darning so fine as to be
an ornament instead of the repair of a
blemish, as their great-aunts use to do;
yet most of them can do the most won
derful embroidery in colored silks and
gold and silver threads for table-scarfs
and tray-cloths and the like.
These charming accomplishments of
theirs are all very well and greatly to
be desired, but they are as mere dust
in the balance for usefulness and com
fort at home if to them has not been
added skill and practice in sewing a
straight seam, in putting in a gusset, in
making a button-hole, in tucking and
felling and hem-stitch. In reality, the
art of plain sewing-for even with
tucking and inserting and edging
the stitches are all those of
plain sewing-is an absolutely nec
essary one at the present day
for those who desire very nice under
clothes without paying an immoderate
price for them. The sewing-machine
has not been an invention of unmixed
good, and much of the work it turns
out is fragile, easily ripped, strung
Swith loose ends, and without always
nicely-turned corners. When its work
It entirely satisfactory it is expensive;
Sand those who have a fancy for pretty
underwear must either buy the expen
sive sort or import from Paris at about
equal expense and with much more
trouble, since everyone has not friends
abroad, and does not lkntw how to and
the best shops and leee4-wQNloo $lb.
*--arper'i Ulisrn
FARM AND GARDEN.
AN HONEST STATEMENT.
Two tierietd Veteranarlass Pronoeees tS
Amer!ean Cattld lalthby.
The agricultural departnielt at b
WVashingtoA has received a report froml
Germany which shows there are some A
scientific gentlemen in that country F
who do tnot believe the statements T
about disease armong cattle imported ti
from America, and have the courage to el
say so. Messrs. Boyser and Vollers. 1P
two veterinarians of good repute in cj
their profession, have issued a report
in which they protest against the mis- tl
representations and fears that are a
scattered through - the newspapers t]
there that tuberculosis exists to an tl
enormous extent among cattle in the T
United States, that pleuro-pneuinonia t1
is still more prevalent, and that the e,
American stock raisers are forced on ,
this account to ship their cattle to a
Europe at merely nominal prices. h
These gentlemen give statistics in au- f,
swer to the charge that American cat
tie suffer from the disease named.
They say that in German cities
8,022 head of imported cattle have
been slaughtered since 1889, all
but 918 of which were killed in
Hlamburg. Not a case of pleuro
pneumonia was found in all this
number, and but four cases of tuber
culosis. According to the facts as as
certained by these veterinarians only
1-20 of one per cent. of the American
cattle slaughtered were tuberculous,
while 8 per cent, of the German cat
tie slaughtered in Hamburg were
found to be thus afficted. The con
dition of the American cattle is de- b
clared to be fully equal to that of the d
stock raised on German meadow lands. 1a
Messrs. Boyser and Vollers say that a
they see certain dangers in American f4
meat for the German producers and the -
German meat trade, but they do not b
base their conclusions upon the pre
mise adopted by the German govern- r:
ment. They say the danger arises out I:
of the lower prices of American cattle, ii
the high standard of breeding here s
and the perfect health of the animals b
sent from this country to the Father- e
land. They advise the German stock u
raisers to study the achievements and b
methods of the Americans in the same %
line of effort and to examine and con
sider how the tuberculosis, which is
constantly spreading around them in
German live stock, may be arrested.
Chicago Tribune.
A MODEL PIGGERY. t
It Helps to Reduce the Labor of Caring s
for a Herd to a Slinlmsan. c
The plan below shows how the labor e
in the care of a large herd o: swine a
may be reduced to a minimum. This a
piggery is 20x30 feet and divid".d into '
four distinct sets of compart!ments. t
Fig. 1 is an inside view, with a portion a
.of the roof removed to show the inte- f
rior of the passage which extends g
lengthwise through the center. This e
FIG. 1.-INSIDE VIEW OF PIGG(Rr.
passage or hall, as will be seen by Fig. t
2, is 4 feet wide and 30 feet long, closed
at eg9ch end by a gate. Spouts open- t
ing into it communicate with the C
feel troughs, and a gate opens into it
fromt each pen. Beneath the roof are
lofts for the storage of grain and other
feed, to which access is had by doors
hinge-d on the lower side. In the cov
ered portion of the hallway there are
also convenient hooks for hanging
small tools. The roof extends over a
section of 14 feet, in which are the
sleeping and nesting quarters, each 7x£
Fr ir
FIG. 2.-G-OUND FLAN OF PIOGERY.
feet. The sides are covered with hori
zontal boards. Between the lower one
and the plank floor is left a space an
inch wide for drainage, which is caught
in a trough extending along each sido,
directly under the edge of the flooring.
Under the lower end of each trough is
an old hogshead sunk in the ground
for the storage of the liquid manure.
A gate opens from one of the open pens
into a yard. Such a structure is par
ticularly well adapted for breeding
sows and their young. -Farm and
Home.
The Hens mad the Manure Heep.
The hens are very fond of scratching
in the manure heap, in order to secure
the swollen grain that may have passed
through the animals, and if a certain
quantity of manure is placed where
they can work it over every day, they
can be made serviceable, and the work
will benefit them, to say nothing of
the waste material they will utilize.
As the hens will render the manure
very fine, the handling and spreading
of it will be easier, and in all cases
where they can be put to such service
the opportunity should not be lost.
ProSt Is the Sheep Business.
One of the reasons not usually given
for the selling off of the sheep by a
large number of farmers last year is
that drought lessened the supply of
pasturage. Sheep will pay a profit to
any farmier ho will produce early
lambs and fat wethers. Wool is only a
product of the sheep and farmers who
overlook the large mutton breeds in
order to keep sheep for wool only are
depriving themselves of two sources of
profit for only one. In England sheep
are made to pay on "high priced land,
and it can bu Jne Just as ea.|l, ii Sp
esr~t- ,·
THE PEKING DUOMC
A Breed Goeeralu Preferred to MlSemi.
ones by Deuk Raisers.
Of the four leading varieties of ducokl
the Pekings are decidedly the most
popular in this country. They were
brought here from China about twenty
years ago and soon displaced the
Aylesbury and Rouen, the English and
French breeds, in public estimation.
The fouith variety, the Cayuga, has
the disadvantage of coal-black plum
age. It also requires the vicinity of
lakes, ponds or streams, as it is de
cidedly a water duck.
The Peking breed matures earlier
than the other varieties. The birds
are said to be larger at six weeks old -
than any -other breed, which makes
them valuable for market at this age.
They are hardy, easy to raise, fine for
the table and good layers of large white
eggs. They grow rapidly, and do well
when there is no water. They are not
as tractable as the Rouen or Aylesbury,
hence a cross with them is often pre
ferred. A flock of common ducks can
. _
'RIZE PEKING DUCK AND DRAWE.
be greatly improved by using a Peking
drake. Their white, elastic feathers,
largely mixed with down, are almost
as plentiful as those of the goose, and
form an important source of revenue
when the birds are raised in large num
bers.
Duck culture is a business that is
rapidly extending, especially on Long
Island, where the duck farms are grows
ing in size and numbers. The circune
stance that the Peking is the favorite
breed among all the large duck farm*- `
ers, being used either pure or erosse .
with others, proves conclusivrjy thIe~ 4
belief in its superior meritas.-. Y.
World.
REARING IURKEYS.
Allow Plenty of jL ty, , a conaSmemast
S ill.s Youngl irdn.
It is best to confine the brood for a
week at least after hatching.. Should
the mother hen then become restless,
she may be let out during the middle,
of the day. As the turkey retires
early and dislikes being disturbed after
settling down for the night, be sure
and coop them before the. sun sets..
The young turkeys will eat but little
the first week. Feed separate from the.
mother, for she will devour all the
focd within reach. For downright
greediness, an old turkey hen has few
equals. Dry bread soaked in sweet
milk is one of the best foods for the
young, as is curd from fresh butter
milk. A whole fock has been raised
on warm curd. A custard made of one
egg to a pint of milk, thickened with
bread (no sugar), is a good food. When
about two months old, feed whole
wheat part of the time and mix corn
meal with their feed; this should .not.
be fed exclusively. Allow plenty of
liberty, as confinement will kill young
turkeys. When the mother hen be
gins tramping wildly from one side of
the coop to the other, better let her
out unless the weather is unfavorable.
When about the size of partridges
and old enough to follow the mother
in long rambles, the young will need
but little attention, simply a little feed
morning and evening. They much
prefer bugs, grasshoppers, insects and
seeds to a more civilized ration. Do
not neglect to bring them home at
night and put.under shelter until old
enough to fly into trees and care for
themselves. Turkeys do not always
select wisely the best resting place for
the night, hence vermin sometimes at
tack and annoy them. Teach them to
come at the sound of your voice; it will
save many a weary tramp in searching
woods and fields.
Six weeks' time is sufficient to fatten
for market. Feed twice a day all the
whole corn they will eat, but do not
attempt confinement, as a turkey
chafes under restraint and will lose
flesh rather than fatten. They will
not take more exercise than is neces
sary to keep in good health.-Mrs.
George Smith, in American Agricultur
ist.
HINTS FOR BEEKEEPEBS.
By using an extractor old combs may
be saved and utilized.
EvRav bit of wax and old combs
should be carefully saved.
BpEEs bred in new comb are, gener
ally much larger than those reared in
old.
IN order to obtain the best results it
is essential to have the best grade of
bees.
CLOVER and buckwheat are among
the best honey producing crops that
can be grown.
THE safest plan of securing a good
crop of honey is to provide good pas
turage for the bees.
STaHE cells in old comb become small
er every year, as every bee hatched
Sleaves its silky cocoon in the cell.
SAr the beginning adopt one of the
Sstandard hives and then scrupulouasly
Sadhere to its use. Have all the hives
alike.
Tax best bee is the one that will..
gather the most honey, that is, the.
Smost prolifice, an4 at the same time
Shardy, gentle and industrious.n
SIT is more profitable to hmelt up dirty
Scombs or throw with dead bromdl and
>use, instead, good foundation. Wheba
r ever there is any doubt about the co .
I discard it and use foundation. - -
As sooNl as spring dowers bloom the..
should be no natural -sarng. I_.d
fact, the bees should not bea.moio -4
swarm. Sometimes, howeves,-- thl-
3 swarming fever seems to- aseet the
Swhole oln, less thap
Ssometies b ett 4a&
.. . o_ LW-.i,-  .. -