r~4ouT
4 29
_ r 51 LL WIN.
, so e time
bel een Breaux
yette was quite brisk
at -if thepubiic :road
candito, the traveling
1relyincreased, inasmqch
casette believed that the
of Breaux Bridge realised
was the most advan
' oint fot them to come to
forward and receive ex
; ima tter7 and to take the cars
a;. y _ point east or west.
.. this heads The Gazette to
if the people of Breaux
would form an organization
" rto our Business Men's Asso
Sthe first step towards the
c~l~tion of quicker transit would
h cured.
After permanent organization they
cpild go to work devising the best
ineains' to secure a tap railroad.
The right of way, we are sure,
would not be difficult to secure, and
w*hea thjs is done, let them ask the
*hiroad company what inducements
would be necessary to give them a
t._ap railroad. Our friends over there
must be prepared to meet the rail
road company half way,. and in a
spirit that will show the railroad
officials that they are willing to do
cything in reason to secure a
beancli:
And we think it would be a good
move to open up communication
with our Business Men's'Association,
and we have no doubt the latter as
fliiatlon will unite with them and
pull together for the good of the
two towns so closely -connected by
. eyry tie of business and friendship.
SOf course, it is superfluous for The
Q"te to state that without effort
g can be- accomplished.
T.hey know this, as well as we do,
congsequently we simply throw out
the above suggestions with a view of
brinaging the people together, and
when this is done, we know that
their keen enterprise will do the rest.
-G-Jarvgiker/
"A BIRD OF PASSAGE."
There came to Lafayettte some
six months ago an individual-a
stranger-with a glib tongue, lots of
assurance, and few, if any, refer
ences. Owing, to his "smart"
tongue, he was accorded a cordial
reception in our community, and so
well was he thought of that his
name figured conspicuously in nearly
~ery undertaking. To an outsider
siemed as if little could be ac
plished without his presence,
or suggestions.
He was Ike man that was destined
to be the Moses to lead us out of
the wilderness of lethargy and old
fogyism, and point out the high
road to prosperity. Like Caesar he
came, he saw, he conquered-some;
bhut wnflte Caesar he is not here, at
present, to face the consequences
of his sharpness.
He managed to ingratiate him
self into the confidence of some who
believed his simple assertion to be
as true as holy' writ, and upon
which they stood ready to assail
those whom they knew personally,
by reputation, or ould know from
readily accessible information. In
short, so well did his "gift of speech"
serve him, that he was able to throw
up a halo around his precious
person that was looked upon with
admiration and-respect.
He is gone. He has left us with
eat a parting adieu; not even a
byebye to his intimate friends; not
S'lock of his auburn hair did he
hbave as a token of remembrance;
for "*tis sweet to be remembered"
sometimes. He is gone I Perhaps
"for a short time, and, perhaps, for
ever. And in leaving he demon
'ntrated a most remarkable shortness
'~.infemory-for, we are reliably in
*:4l ed that, u to this writing, he
ha lforfgotten to settle a board
ill, and a aumber of bills to other
'lersons for purchases made and
si'oney borrowed.
Tes he is gone I Gone to pastures
'ahew. But while he abided with us
e1ae-as lbgantly entertained, and
Sith did cuta large swath.
A. C. Ordway is a slidk artist,
he e a star engagement in
iks oin his., in spirit, in this
Xara-r-BOOM-de-ay;
thu is my lucky day,
i~Madtbau to Lafayette, I'm gay,
i'asifis done and put away;
~!ki*~2a-g~Lta-d-de-zy.
$ g~& too, years.
.lng and affectlp at relatvep and
triemsathe spirit of this truly good,
man took its flight to realms of ta.
mortality.- Although, not unexpec
ted, his death has brought sorrow
to many hearts, and especially does
this afliction fall with heavy band
upon a devoted wife and two affect
ionate children wbo are thus bereft
of a kind and indulgent parent.
Rev. J. H. Armstrong, assisted by
SRev. H. Webb, officiated at- the fu
nerat services held at the residence,
and offered words of sympathy anad
consolation to the afflicted family.
SThe body was folloid to the Pro
testant cemetery by a large number
of relatives and friends and there
deposited. with Masonic rites in its
last resting place.
Mr. Wallis was a native of Terre
bonne parish 14i , buit in early life
removed to thi^ s arishl, wheire he
has ever maintained the character
Sof an honest and straightforward ci
tizen. Kind and generous in all his
relations with his fellow-men Mr.
Wallis possessed in an eininent--de
gree those sterling qualities of firm
ness and stability which- lend so
much lustre to the character of true
manhood.
But to these noble traits of heart
e and mind, which distinguished him
Sin social and civil relations, there
e must be accorded another most
e honorable distinction, to which uny
man might be proud. When scarce
i 7 years of age, Mr. Wallis, with
others of his countrymen, enlisted
in the Confederate service in de
fense of the honor and integrity of
the South. As a member of Com
pany C. 8th Louisiana Regiment,
Capt. Alcibiades DeBlanc, and Col.
H. B. Kelly, commanding, he ac
Iquitted himself with heroic gallan
try upon those bloody fields cf Vir
ginia, when the, very hills of the
Old Dominion shook with the
mighty clash of arms. All through
that dreadful struggle. (such is the
testimony of surviving comrades in
arms) he was ever true and display
ed courage and fidelity that reflect
ed the chivalrous soul of a true
Louisianian. The Gazette would
:tender the bereaved family its most
heartfelt sympathies, and pray that
a kind and benificent Father will re
member the widow and the orpian
in this their-hour of deepest afflic
tion.
WANT STASISTICS.
The gazette has received from
J. Henry Putnam, chairman statis
tical committee of the Sugar and
Rice Planters' Union, a circular
letter, from which it is desired to
obtain from every rice and sugar
planter and manufacturer in Louis
ianat certain statistics embodied in
the - questions of the blank reports
hereto attached. "Each parish,'"
says the letter, "is to compile its
individual reports into a parish re
ports are to be compiled by the
statistical committee in a state re
port showing the extent of business
done by each in the sugar and rice
districts of Louisiana."
Here are the questions it is de
sired to be answered:
RICE REPORT.
How many acres do you plant? How
much did you make (891r-1892)? How
many persons do you employ? Amount of
wages paid annually? Number of persons
supported on your place? What kind of
machinery do you use? Value (approx
imate) of same? From whom .do you
purchase? Amount of stock (mules, horses)
used on your place? Value of same? From
whom do you purchase same? Do you use coal
as a fuel in milling rice? If so please state
amount and cost of same? From whom
purchased? What in your opinion would
be the effect of adverse National Legislation
on the rice industry! What the effect of
favorable or non interference of National
Legislation on the rice industry? Are you
complating increasing your planting, and
manufacturing capacity? Please give such
other information as you may deem of im
portance to the rice industry?
sUGAR hEPoaR.
How many acres of cane do you work?
How many, tons of cane do you purchate?
Many persons supported on your place I
many laborers (including mechanics) do you
employ? What amount do you pay an
unally in wages? Is your manufacturing
of sugar or planting of cane increasing, and
how much? flow much stock, mules, etc.,
do you work? How many mules and horses
do you purchase annually? From whom do
you purchase annually? From whom do
you purchase same? Amount invested in
same? Value of agricultural implements
used? What kind of machinery do you use?
From whom do you purchase such mtehinery ?
Value or approximate cost of sansej Do
you purchase Western corn and hay for your
plantation, if so please state amount of same
and names of parties from whom you pur
chase?
The Arena for July.
The fiction in the July Arena is a very no
table feature. "The confessions of a Suit
cide," by the well-known author and critic,
Coulson Carnahan, is one of the most weird,
and in a pecular way powerful, creation of 1
recent yesrs. Those looking for something
out of the ordinary~ should peruse this ex
traordinary paper. "The Charities of
Dives" is entire* different, and in it Mr.
Carman in a most interesting way drals some.1
telling blows against present day injustice.
"Who broke up De Meeting" by Miss Will
Allen Dromgonle, lightens the number, it
-aywry sub cta, besides the firsi
` t'the verdc .of eminent furo
dth Eat on- hakelpeare trlib. e
L thos who render opinions In this caselin the
July Arena are the Marquis of Lorne, TP.
Aflred Russell Wa,jace, D. C. L.; 0. B.
Frothinugham, Appleton Morgan, L. L. D.;
Rev. C. A. Bartol and Henry George. The
LArena for July Is the most up-to-the-times
Review- of the month.
Schools and Education.
Cemaiiated-I 4
I want to talk to the people of Lafayette
parish about schools and education-pain
talk too, bet I hope nothing wiil be said
amiss.
Lafayette parish has twenty public schools
sad se pupils. The house in which I tach
is abs hulle ad baned asueture. s4si feet,
with backlessi benches, and three t2-iach
planiks 4 feet long, nailed together ofo a
rblackboard. I say "black" because one
side his be-n .smatted," There is no wa
ter, no shade trees. I said no water, buit
that's a spistake.. There are giate a amp
ber of ponds near by in which: nakes and
frogs have full sway-sad the latter croak
as toi gh they owned the coustay.
":Nay, don't any body get shd. 1 amr
=;se the tparisht there stE .bitter bscool
ip- sbth rtah--.sli n the oib ilieribe ih
Fact is this parish may be an -avveage one
in the State, and this State may.compare fai
vorably with most of the Southern- States.
tBut the question is: Does our school system
nked improving, can it be done; will it . be
done! I answer, "yes."
I commend the man who strives to build
him a comfortable dwelling. I admire hima
for making the surronding attractive, and
t I respect his wife for keeping the home "ide.
cent and in order" and miaking it tasty.
Every school-house-should be neat, com
fortable, attractive. Maps, charts, globes
tand reference books should be furnished the
ºteacher and pupils. It seems Ib aiv that
$5oo dollars expended for such, and distri
buted to the various school would be a
step in the right direction, even now.
When the parish gives Saoo to the build
ing of a school-house, the patrons might be
wise in subscribing $2oo additional. Such
people are called enterprising; such schools
advertise a community.
When I hear of some old miser who has
had ten thousand dollars hid way down in
the bottom of his socks, for a quarter of a
century, lying idle, whose pocket book is
m.d: out of hogshide, and grunt every time
a cent goes out, well, I feel like pulling the
moss off his back.
The government holds every sane citizen
responsible for his. acts. It proposes to
shield them, and expects the citizens. to sup
port it, Then, if the government proposes
to educate its subjects, the masses should be
furnished the means for acqniring an educa
tion ample for the duties of intelligent; ca.
p.ble citizenship. Love of country, of our
institutions, and obedience to our laws
should be the watch-word.
There are thousands in thip State who can
not speak the language oftheir. country, Ior
read the laws by which they are gverned. 1
Bright minds lie in oblivion, the inward fire
should be kindled that they may become shi
ning lights.
"Many a flower is. born to blush unseen, I
And waste its sweet perfmtne on the desert I
a ir,". 1
Evangeline can not read the epitaph ins- I
crib-d on the tomb of her lover Galriel, for
whom she has searched so faithfully .ml
long. Many cannot drink at the P'ierian
fount, nor relish its healing waters.
Louisiana has been a State over So years.
The old "landmarks" are gone. Their bones
repose under the sylvan shades of the moss- v
covered trees, which are fanned by the gen-a
tie zephyrs from old ocean's waves. -
a
A younger generation is here. WVe should t
act. The rivers may continue to wend their t
way to the Mexic sea, which lashes our
shores, and the sun may continue its
a
daily flight in the dome of the 'skies, shed
ding his golden rays to kiss mother earth for r
a thousand years to come, and unless effort i
is made on our part, little progress will be
made. Twenty thousand dollars bonus for
a railway or factories may advertise Lafa- ti
yette and bring capital; but twenty thous- I
and dollars will advertise, will build nice
school houses, will furnish the means to
make present citizens more intelligent, hap- c
py and useful. BEN ToLER. i
d
(Advertisement.) c
One Step Leads to Another, and i
So Does the Progress of the
World Continte, in its i
Onward itar'ch. a
"The time has come;" how often we do
hear those welcome words uttered, day after L
day, in this "gd-ahead" nineteenth century. h
The time has come, for better roads in this
promising country; the time has come, for
better schools, for our dear children; nay, -~
the time has come, wheis we maust have a
high school for the thriving. and prosperous
parish of Lafayette; Too much praise can -J
not be said in behalf of the good people of
this community, whom by their united ef
forts- have succeeded in holding the first c
road and emigration convention. To that
noble organization, "the Ruisiness Men's
Association," we owe that victorious step,. B
leading to the future prosperity of this coun: t1
try; to that apparently little convention, h
the present and more particularly, the fu a
tzre generations will owe all the good to be
derived from a well organized road system. j,
Already, the town of Crowley has been. ti
chosen to hsld another stch convention ins
the near future; a start is all that is necessary,
and Lafayette has given lt; all tjp good to
derived thereby, no one can venture to pre- u
diet, but to judge by the eartnesthils of b
the initial step, there is no doubt, but that ,
in the end.our brightest hopes will be realized.
Americans must never forget those dark
days of our beloved country, when our fore
fathers declared their -independence to the i
world, and with what courage and determi- al
nation they have maintained that indepen- 4
dence, "perseaerance inust be our motto."
The devotion of our fair women, thea
"blacle diamonds," the "little diamonds,"
in one word all those who take-such an ac
tive part in the forward move, leading- to
that high school, future generations will
prlise forever their noble efforts. Educa
cation 3~key to all progress, is such a uni
versalneed, that we are receiving encour
agemegt-from every one who has at heart
the gobd of his country. And so I might
continue for a longer time, to note the steady or
progretaltrjoyrd at this particular timc; the it
hank of which we may well he proud, the
fire company lately organized, the good
work of the town authorities in adding many
more lanips to light the city, etc., etc. All It
of snmy chit coen pro'
e -ei M Itadreader, in order to make my'
ý. few remariks clear, I must go back a few
. years, and relate to you, the circumstances
under which LI began the study of medicine,
so that yoea ay be better prepared to judge
et my adtlon. aie I am with yoa. To b -
al ith, yea will no doubt remember, that
theren use to be a time, when to be a physi
plan, it was almost necesary that that man
must be sene kind of a foreigner, some one
of whom we knew very little or nothing, and
e- in many Inistances the result was that sone
, daring streaga would settle among us and
shield himseijf with the title of "doctor,"
d and no eiations were asked. There use
to be a i dl mystery .attached to that
s. man who was called "Doctor." But, to
h day, thaink God, our people have found out
that r thea l'it as maci intelligence, sad
Seapaeity, i ay foreigner or stranger, no
h matter i e be comes from, and. that the
Ssosm Cd Loatisa, the sons of Acadia, I am
prod to a ey, can go lato the depth of the
e healing art, as well 'aany other nation on
rthe face; teloe. t Bear in mind, please,
Sthat thesei remi are niot auttered with a
r spirit ofiTree e, but they are, no more,
d -nor sd , ,hich. you are all aware
of, as wil as m. h Inthe next place, it is
k useless fot me e state, that after the disas
trous results al ur' m e war, Louisiana was
S.rniea, and tLore then growing genera
tlod, hwl to their steties, and.go t -
wov I proud to say that
l atheneer enco ;one in -:;t~heL fieldby his
e side, until I was able to. py my way up,
Sand I as finally rearded ithha diploma,
from the medical epar aent of the "Tulane
Univerasity ao-Tybthana, one of thes lead
l ne dical conesln the United States.
e ed ouisiana, w llmay you' be' proud
ethatt gishn4 instilation,' which survived
d that, trying. timae of fur long years, and is
now as prosperous' at any Institution of its
an kind, .no matter where located, whether in
d the old or ,ian the new world. So far, so
-. good. Ever since Ifiast began practising
medicine, I found out that people could not
afford - to pay physicians the fees usually
- charged for the simple reason that 'their
s cropeisell so poorly, ansl I am-one of those
who believe in t old saying, "live and
let live." I wouldlEke to know, if it is not
It too hard for the farmer, who is sell
Sing hiscotton at such a low price, to begin to
a pay a physician's bill of say fifty, or seven
ty-five dollars and somuetime more in one
year, for we must bear in mind that the
Smore sickness he has in his family, that much
e less will he be able to pay a correspondingly
h high bill. So then, I came to the conclu
s sion like some other physicians have done,
that most families could manage -to pay the
sum of fifteen dollars a year to have the secr
a vices of a physician, and the physician on
a the other hand with say, one hundred fami
lies, making the nice little 'sum of fifteen.
Shundred dollars a year, can get along nicely,
S especialy when I know by experience, that
t I could get along very well, with much less
a than that, when working on the farm. Now
as we all know that new physicians are grad
unted every year by the thousands, and in
1 case some nmight think, that they cannot
, make a living at that rate, there are many
new one, who will think otherwise. I will
admit that a physicianahas a hard lot in this
world. Ile has many cares and trials to un
dergo. We were all created to work. Now
- then, I amn coming to the issue,and itissimply
this : there exists a medical association in this
State of which I have been a.member for
r many years. The said association has sen
s fit for the better protection of the physicians,
of course, not for the benefit of the public at
large, to pas: a lhw lately;by w=hich the
members are prevented to practice medecine
r by contract, and I, finding-that out, and in
tending to do practice by contracts, a stated
above, 1ameyj: f' cen dolilars per y':ar
pee fanatlyi 1.thoug at best to send in tly res
ignatson.
It appears that thse- wise men 'have seen
beit notto accept my a reignction, and as I
have been 'informed by some of the fa.,iliis
I contracted with that they had been ap
proached by sonic physiciaia of this tuwn f >r
the purpoise of obtaih'ingahlseir 'nst ntrei rc
which vwould go to ;ihow t:at I did cou-ra,-t
with them at fifiteen d.ollpr s a yea;,1 car
easily see that their i.iea is to b-i f'fr,r'.
proof before the next muetih'g of the societv.
in order that they maiy have the anr:.:an
satisfactiofi of eepeiling me- from- thit bodylv
I never done anything in mny life in tine dark;
whatever I do,. I am never afraid to expose,
and I will novw state to those -physicians who
are trying to make my clients believe that I
am guilty of some terrible. crime,. and that
they must sign a paper in order to. pass sen
tence on my head, as it were, to them I say,
you need not go to that trouble, for I shall
willingly and cheerfully give you the list .of
all the families I contracted with (and I am
glad it is increasing every day) and who I
may add, are glad of this new way of meet
ing their physician's bill, for some of them
use to pay sometime over a hundred dollars
a year to their physician.
I shall also state to those physicians that
they need not trouble themselves about me,
I came here to stay, and I am going to stay
in spite of not only themselves, but in spite
of the whole world. This is plain I hope.
I shall take one hundrad families'and then
close my list. My work will be compara
tively easy, and I will be satisfied. Lafayette
suits me, with its go-ahead people. I am
delighted, and the encouragement I have re
ceived during the short time, I have been
here, has been far beyond my expectation.
Some of 4he more daring physicians went so
far apto try to make some of my clients be
lieve that in case I should need to consult
with another physician, that none here would
consult with me. If that is the case, which
I doubt very much, for there ought to be
son.e.sphryiins safhis town, OUT O THE
LAttEGSUPPLY we have, who would have
enutihI henmaiity in them to assist his suffer
ing fellow ~beyig even if he. had .to consult
'jth myself, but I say if I should be mis
taken, in my -gdd opinion of some of the
physiciatis of (his place, then let the people
who have already fawored me, and those
Who may p.renize- me hereafter, know that
inrcase I have to-consult with a physician I
can do so with one of the leading physicians
of Csyenucyowho can be summoned here in a
very short tlmd' by telegraph, and also with
one of thei leading physicians in Breaux
Bridge, m'y native and late home; who by
the' uau of the telephone could be gotten
here in a very short time, so this mean argu
ment against, mc also falls to the ground.
No, the people to-day are too well posted
ip be d4 ed that way;- they understand
their in as wel.as the most intelligent
physician, and I am glad they do.
Now, in conclusion I shall add that any
physician who does not like my ways should
not go behind my back to do his evil work;
but let him come to mi and I shall give him
satisfaction in any manner he may desire. I
am always ready to accommodate any one
who objects to my doings, be he old or
young, a physician or not. This is plain, is
is not? I hope this community will under
atand that the above has been written, pure
ly and simply in self-defence. I am not of
a war-like disposition, if you will, but as
long as there is any breath in me, I shall do
what I think is right, in spite of those who
may be jealous of . my success. Keep on
your good work citizens of Lafayette, and
yon will reapyour reward in the near future.
G. A. MAETINS M. D.
Lost.
Finder of gentleman's silver watch, lost
on 3ist ult., is kindly requested to leave
ii at The Gerette office.
A burning question-the hot
wcathcr.
Diypeisisteat sad wen-direct-a enort
it has attained... -
105 STANDARD OF EXEELLENCE
tsal of its do astae .ts.
It Pay to be
anter islm M.N
. .P pr sshve.
Th.,je .Mewmi.Si~A.saIrIPus
TIDES-DEMOCRT
Whalher they as with Itt r sot.
They ma.se that it ahs tae
Courage of Its Convictions,
A3N TrsA it Is
The Brightest Newapaper
Iuase shBý wE I m sou"e.
,ay se.ws4}sr* wlll til Yor that he.
I cSannot suhetItote s. paper for
The TIMES-IEMOCIAT
se ee f m : Ahmt
RAL rV. SCwAd I'. wz7BB. ,
asae s)r. n...a r . $s .rr Yr.
Journal of Education,
Boston, Mass,
Is published Rweekly oat a.n a year. or r.ag for 6
months. Manyof tb Wpst educatos in the coun
try are regular contriblstort to its column.. It bha a
large amount of every 4ayy, practical matter for
teachers of all grades. "K departments cover every
branch of educational work.
A Iottr page supplement'to the JItM3NAL it pit
lished nonthly. containing the New Yurk State Uni
form Examination Questions and Ansiers.
TRIAL TRlP For St cents samps Loken, we
month sentt d dhe JOSNALa for two
moonths postpaid. Samol cony freee.
Beausejour Parke
On the Banks of Beautiful Bayou Vermilion.
EXCELLENT Spring Water,
COMMODIOUS Bath Houses,
Lange Dancing Platform. Beautiful Ground;s an-i Plety of Shale. Elegant Spot fur Pic
nics, Parties, Etc. Water for drinking alnd hathin purpose: .nni;rpsssed.
Conime and see tha place and cnjoJ a splendid Iath.
SIDNEY MOUTON, Manr.gcr.
*New Store!
Alex. Delahoussay y,
0.~~" LAOS
Il ; ] rrt Qý:. ier I :Icxt t.- I LL).L"ý.gt- " <; ._ (Ie l -· r.:1
aCYa
a'% .2e at ! 1;:':C: V111 t," fonod t e I'Vu f. cso j t ia `s o~f'~i l." r,(:t I '
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc Harrow Leaver Drag
llarow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYETTI, LA.
Land Attorney, Surveyor, and
Real Estate Agent.
ALSO REPRERENTING THIE
MANHATTAN
.2 Loan Association.
This company negotiates loans on real estate, making payments of principal quite as easy
as interest payments on the old plan of loans. For further information address or apply to
Welman Bradford,
Agent, Rayne, La.
THERE IS A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWEST
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices. -
AlsT a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY -. JLE.
Wx.ldgSOE~ . V~ CLEGrG.
The Singer
Sewing Machine.
Is the best in the world. Light Running, Durable, Noiseless, Simple.
J. CHARLES BAUDIER
General Agent For Lafayette Parish.
Office at J. P. Buhler Shoe Store I
KiAOwner is' ` eq gat to'
qbvproperty, pay _mts. anti
-Lafayeitte, La., tnuc 4, I893.t.'
Corn in- Saucski
For sale at 5 cents per barrel.
L. Lkvy & SorL.
For Sale Cheap
A young marc and tuule colt at a bargain.;
Apply to W; E. Bowea.
FOR SALE
Valuable Town Lots.
Lots Nos. 54. 195 and as8, situated in
the Mills addition, tneasuring roo1t4o feet;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E. Mgatiu's place. Terms reasop
able. For ftlfr particulars apply to
THE GAZ TTE.
BOSTON.
Standard and Regleterd.
Boston was aired by BTaden-Baden, he by
Equity. Baden-Baden the sire of Boston is
a Kentucky dcrby winner. Boston will stand
the present season at Le Teche farm of Dr.
H. P, Guilbeat &.Son, at Breaux Bridge, at
*ry Casjs for the, season, with return privi
lege.
For Sale
A tot. unimproved. in the tc-n of Lafayrtte. nest
to WV.. Llegg's residnce. is offered toe atle at a
moderate prce. For furtherr information apply at
The Gazette otce,. or io C. H. t3s vRLy
Lafayrete. La.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY AND FEED
STABLE.
Lincoln Ave., Two Blocks from Depat
LAFAYETTE, : : : ; LA
First class rigs at reasonable prices. Care
ful drivers furnished when required. " junt7
-.'e' ~io~~elease, :id at
M'I~I. ~~lft at n.4"s fbld
resid nce.
C. E:BAILO; .
Lawye .:
Wi Y.! /rail ee `i Lhfayeett:,St
Uadry and Cv.'iarin masrs, pd
the Sipreass and Fe(eral Q #s.
Opelousas and rsew Orleaws.
{ LAFAv5TT. 5a.
sLIVERY
AND SALE S .
E. CONSTAW7L A, -
Lafaivette, La. FPariprietr.
B I&RY, LEOUGE etcY.
LAFAYETTE, LA. Proprietor.
NUMA BROUSSAIB
CABINET MAKER AND -
FURNJITURE REEPAIRI/ -"
0o ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy saed Plain *.antels, Fancy Glass
Doors uf all kinds, Brackets, etc., etc.
Lafayette, La.
LAFAYETTE· .
BLACKSMITH,
WiWHEELWRI1GT AND SUPPLY SUOP.
Near Bank Building.
- PRED. MOUTON, - - P roprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work done.
All work promptly attended to. Satisfaction
guaranteed.
ALBERT de la IOUSSAYE,
BAKER & CONFECTIONER
Vermilion street. Lafayotto, La.
H. 0. Salles,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan streett.
LAFA-I ETTE, - ....LA.
F. R. TOLSON, IM. I.
PRAClYClfVLf I'iH'SIc/ I4A,
COracr at Itcstdtne t ArVbtb.C-. LA.
tDR? N .W. SWORb S
DentiV,
a - tom ,t i.k ,;ildlag, " arisato, ser-raa
E.6, VOO~tilliT,
1~ 7 Y fIt' ..
A'N XO AK\ PUl'LIC.
I.sr YuT L, t..
P1 . *W. rELLIOT'T.
_!l*. I } .IT ! !'' .aji .'VO07 l Y
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
A.T7OR'A'E YS .4T LA.IV.
LAIATETTC. LA.
AILROAD BARBER SHo,.
Lin ave,., near .tepot.
JOHN V \NI)ERGRIEF, Proprietor.
Ladiesra' sad I ['!drre'a UairaStta. al Domlcle
E. Priollaud,
Watcmaker
-and
Jewelerer.
and dealer in
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dia
monds. etc.
Ilegga Bui ldinq. Conrthousa Square.
Lafayette, La.
Cash tells the story.
Come and see
Mouton Bros.,
.DEALUISS SK
GENEIR1AL.
Merhliandise
Lowest prices consisteat
with quality of goods.
H. L. Moninier,
Dealer In
Ceneral
Merchdandise
Fresh Groceries always on hand.
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A. M. MARTIN,
--AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.-
The "Old Taylor" is the-best
Whiskef that experience, skill and
expenditure can praduce. It is the
perfection of distillation frota grain.