UAZETTh.
VERv Y SATURDAY
BY
tlOUTON. - - PaoPaRITOR.
JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH.
s , Lapasyset La. Post-Oice as Second
STURAnY, AUGusT 31, 1895
Tie snmate . peason stature. will be
so cets a iUe for one insertion in this pa
tis do respectc. . cents a line; an
ed paid entertainments. balls. etc.. d
obituares o ten uIes or less, free, and
S tea len leaisP cents a line.
.. -a.Hr IS SATlTISFIED.
"Tomkins" says he is satisfied
e: est his side of the case for the
lrdict. So is The Gazette. We
ve said what we had to say, and
ve spoken, not by insinuations,
rbut in the plainest English we knew,
viongy used one of the shortest, but
most expressive words in the dic
.tionary. "Tomkins" says our ar
htie was an "attack" and not a
defense." We care not what it is
.called, as its meaning was under
i t'"too by all.
a We reiterate what we said last
;~reek, and do not wish to waste
any more ink on "Tomkins," and
wI orry our readers with a matter that
does not concern them.
The i Meridional says Abbeville
has a "Four Hundred."
When the Louisiana editors re
: turn from Salt Lake City it will be
interesting to read their impressions
of the Mormon country.
Judge Jno. C. Moncure, a gentle
man well-known in the Northern
part of the State has been suggested
for the governorship.
Even the services of Banquo's
Ghost have been secured by Mr.
Hicks to haunt Senator Blanchard
in his waking hours.
Pipes of the Star said something
against the Single tax doctrine and
the New Iberia single taxers have
fallen on him "like a thousand
bricks."
Political liberty consists in the
power of doing whatever does not
injure another. The exercise of
the natural lights of every man has
no other, limits than those which are
necessary to secure to every other
man the free exercise of the same
rights.
The poet of the Meridional does
not sing often, but well. Listen to
him: "Our's is the land where God
will set up his Kingdom at his sec
ond coming. It is the home of the
Creole maiden, the land of fruit and
vegetables, the country where you
can raise garden each month in the
year and where the grasses are
green and everybody is happy and
contented."
The Courier Journal sticks a pin
in the protectionists. It says: The
Michigan copper mines have raised
the wages of their employes zo per
cent. This must be heavy reading
for Gov. McKinley. Copper form
erly had a duty of four cents a
pound on it, and later I x-4 cents,
but the last Congress put it on the
free list. Instead of destroying the
industry, as was predicted, this was
followed by very prosperous times
for the mine owners and now they
are putting up wages. The copper
mines are really cruel to the men
who stood by them when they
wanted protection.
How would Mr. H. H. Hargrove,
of Shreveport, do as the Democratic
candidate for Superintendent of
Public Education? There is no
doubt as to his ability to fill the
bill. No man in Louisiana is bet
ter qualified for this position. He
has devoteI the best part of his life
to the advancement of public school
interests of this State. Factional
politics should have nothing to do
with the selection of a State Super
intendent. What is needed is a
practical worker; a man qualified
for training, experience and taste.
The Gazette would like to hear the
views of its contemporaries on this
subject.
One night when Mr. Isaac Reese
was stopping with me, says M. F.
hatch, a prominent merchant of
Quartermaster, Washington, I heard
him groaning. On going to his
room I found him suffering from
cramp colic. He was in such an
agony I feared he would die. I hast
ily gave him a dose of Chamber
lain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea
Remedy. He was soon relieved and
-the first words he uttered were,
eawbat was that stuff you gave me?"
- -I informed him. A few days ago
- we were talking about his attack and
~e said he was never without that
e-dy now. I have used it in my
* for several years. I know its
-sai d do not hesitate to recom
-rftieids and customers.
* z it I
PR OIIBIB TIJON.
We are informed that the Police
Jury will meet on Sept. 7 in special
session to consider the petition
asking that an election be ordered
to obtain the sense of the voters on
the question of prohibition. If the
required number of signatures are
affixed to the petition we believe
that the election should be ordered
as soon as practicable. There are,
we are reliably informed, quite a
large number of our fellow-citizens
earnestly in favor of prohibition
and their views are entitled to a re
spectful hearing. This is one of
the questions which should be dis
cussed without passion and preju
dice. Some of our best people are
of the opinion that should a law
prohibiting the sale of liquor be
enacted much good would fol
low. The Gazette believes that
they are mistaken and sincerely
hopes they will find out their error
before the election comes off. We
print below a letter writen by that
great statesman, Jefferson Davis,
in the year 1887, when the people
of Texas overwhelmingly defeated
e the proposition of State prohibition.
It is so immeasurably better than
anything we could say on the sub
ject that we reproduce it in full:
MR. DAVIS' LETTER.
e BEAUVOIR, Miss., July 20, 1887.
Col. F.i R. Lubbock:
My Dear Friend-Yours of the 12th in
stant, with its inclosure, has been received.
I have heretofore declined to answer any
e of the inquiries made for my opinion on the
g cnstitutional amendment now pending in
Texas. My reason for not replying was an
unwillingness to enter into a controversy in
which my friends in Texas stood arrayed
against each other.
In departing from the rule heretofore ob
served, I trust that it will not be an unwar
rantable intrusion.
Reared in the creed of Democracy, my
faith in its tenets has grown with its growth,
s and I adhere to the maxim that "The world
is governed too much."
When our fathers achieved their indepen
d dence the corner-stone of the government
they constructed was individual liberty, and
the social organizations they established
were not for the surrender, but for the pro
g tection of natural rights. For this govern
d ment were established deriving their just
power. from the consent of the governed.
e This was not to subject themselves to the
d will of the majority, as appears from the
fact that each community inserted in its
fundamental law a bill of rights to guard
the inalienable privileges of the individual.
e There was then a twofold purpose in gov
at ernment, protection and prevention against
trespass of the strong upon the weak, the
if many on the few.
The world has long suffered from the op
pression of government under the pretext of
e ruling by divine right, and excusing the in
vasion into private and domestic affairs on
the plea of paternal care for the morals and
e good order of the people.
Our sires rejected all such pretensions,
their system being: Government by the
s people, for the people, and resting on the
basis of natural and inalienable rights.
: Upon the basis of these general proposi
d tions I will briefly answer the inquiry in re
gard to the prohibitiou amendment at issue.
"Be ye temperate in all things" was a
1e wise injunction, and would apply to intol
erance as well as to drunkenness. That the
.d intemperate use of intoxicating liquors is an
evil, few, if any, would deny.
That it is at the root of many social disor
le ders is conceded, but the question arises, what
re is the appropriate remedy and what the
present necessity? To destroy individual
d liberty and moral responsibility would be
to eradicate one evil by the substitution of
another, which it is submtlitted would he nrulI e
fatal than that for which it was offered as a
n remedy. The abuse and not the use of si
e ulants, it rtust be conrfessd, is the evil to
be remedied. Then it clearly follows that
d action should clearly be directed against the
ar abuse rather than thle use. If drunkenness
is the cause of disorder and crim e, why n:ot
g pronounce drunkenness itself to be it crime
and attach to it proper and adequate penal
ties? If it be objected that the pen.dties
a could not be enforced, that is an ad:tissiou
that popular opinion would be oppsccd to
the law; but if it be true that juries could
Ie not be impaneled who would convict so de
d graded a critminal as a drunkard, it necessa
rily follows that a statutory prohibition
as against the sale and use of intoxicants woutld
be a dead letter.
The next uranch of inquiry is as to pres
ty ent necessity.
I might appeal to men not as ol as my
self tosustain the assertion that the convi
n vial use of intoxicants, and the occurrence
of drunkenness had become less frequent
within the last years than it was before.
The refining influences of education and
Christianity may be credited with this re
, suit. Why not allow these blessed hand
maidens of virtue and morality to con
Stinue uneonbarrassed their civililzing work.
f The parties to this discussion in youtr State
have no dloubt brought forward the statisti
Scal facts in regard to thle effect produced
e in orther States by this effort to control
morals by legislation, and I will not encum
- ber this letter by any reference to those
Sfacts.
You have already provision for local pro
hition. If it has proved the wooden horse in
) whlichi a disguised enemy to State sovereignty
I as the guardian of individual liberty was
introduced, let it be a warning that the pro
Sgressive march would probably be from
village to State and fromn State to United
States.
A governmelntal supervision and paterni
d ty instead of the liberty the heroes of i77G
left as a legacy to their Posterity. Impelled
* by the affectioo and gratitude I feel for the
e people of Texas, and the belief that a great
question of American policy is involved in
s the issue you have before you, the silence
I had hoped to observed has been broken.
If the utterance shall avail anything for
good it wil compensate me for the objur
Sgations with which I shall doubtless he plr
.sued by the followers of thle popularismn of
the day.
d I hope the many who have addressed me
letters of inquiry on thle same subject will
accept this as an answer, though somewhat I
11 long delayed. Faithfully yours,
n JEtF'.ERsoN DA 'tS.
Police Jury Proceedings.
a I.AFAYEtrTE, LA., Aug. 26, 1895.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members present:
R R. C. Landry, A. D. Landry, J. G. St. :
SJulien, C. C- Brown, Alf. A. I)elhosmme,
O Alfred IHebert and H. M. Durke. Albcnt:
d Jos. W. lroussard.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read atd approved.
Y By motion, Mr. Alphonse Girouardri was
s appointed road overseer of thie fifth wardI
Sinstead of J. E. Imanglinais, resigned.
A lpetitin from the citizens of the 8th
ward praying for bridges to render saec
rvaul crosizne. in that wnrol ,.u, r...,.SA * ,,,
elcssrs. A. D. Landry and Antoine BIrous- F
sard appointed to examine the locations of 1`
the proposed bridges, and report the best 1
method of accomplishing the desired object. E
A petition from the citizens of the 7th 1
ward praying for the repair of several 1
bridges and offering to make said repairs if \
material was furnished, was read, and on S
motion it was resolved that the prayer of
petitioners be granted, and the material v
necessary for such repairs is hereby allowed. p
By motion of Mr. Brown, the fol- s
lowing jury of freeholders was appointed to ti
trace, and lay out a public road thirty feet a
wide from a point on the public road, lead- F
ing from Scott at Alcide Mouton's, to the e
town of Carencro; the said jury shall trace
said road to the best advantage of the pro- 1:
prietors interested, and assess all damages. I
The jury appointed were: John Roger Al- I
cide Mouton, Antoine Hernandez,, Homer
Dugat, Alphonse Roger and John Johnson.
Assessor N. Reaux submitted a statement
showing the total amount of property val
uation in the parish for S895 to be as fol
lows:
Parish of Lafayette ................. 1,731,814 oo
Corporation of Lafayette........ 175,890 oo
Total.......... ............ $1,907,7044 oo
By motion the rate of taxation for the
year 1895, was fixed at ten mills on the dol
lar in accordance with the budget of paro
chial expenses.
Mr. Durke was authorized to buy lumber
for building bridges near Olivier Blanchet's.
The jury of freeholders appointed to trace
a public road from Olidon Broussard's
bridge to the property ")f J. A. Laneuville,
submitted the following report:
State of Louisiana parish of Lafayette.
We IIiliarre D. Broussard, Auguste Verrot,
Jos. L. Mhire, Theodule O. Broussard, A.
D. Verrot and Adrien Theall do solemnly
swear that I will lay out the road non di
rected to be laid out by the Police Jury of
the parish of Lafayette, to the greatest case
and advantage of the inhabitants and with
as little prejudice to enclosures as may be,
without favor or affection, malice or hatred,
and to the best of my skill and abilities.
So help me God. And furthermore I will
truly assess all damages to proprietors
caused by said road to the best of my judg
ment and ability. Theodule O. Broussard,
Auguste Verrot, Hiliare D. Broussard, A.
D. Verrot, T. S. Mhire, Adrien Theall,
Sworn and subscribed to before me this Ioth
day of July, 1895, E. G. Voorhies, Notary
Public. Report:
We the undersigned jury of freeholders of
the parish of Lafayette, duly appointed by
the Police Jury of said parish to trace and
lay out a public road leading from the pub
lie road leading to the bridge known as
Olidon's bridge at about twenty arpents
from the bayou through the lands of the
following proprietors to-wit: Klebert Bau
doin, Evarice Breaux. Joseph H-lebert, Pla
Scide Hebert, Jean Ite liebert, Michel
Breaux, Mrs. Elizabeth Theall, wife of
'rherence Toups, I)armas Broussard, Mrs.
t id. Sosthene Blroussard, Jules Desor
I meanux, Maxime Bourque, Mirs. Placide
I Trahan, Francois Clotio, Jeau Senegal,
Alexander Sellers, Mrs. \Vid. Marcellin Ver
rot, Sarrazi: Trahan, \Villiam Benoit, Fran
t cols Godie, heirs and assigns of Don Louis
Jean Louis, widow IHonore Iroussard, Se
bastain Benoit, Adrien Theall, 'Mrs. MI.
Clotio, Theodule Broussard Jr., Mrs. Thcon.
Broussard, Mrs. l.azard Mouton, 'lheodule
I 0O. Broussard, Gustave Landry, Edmuond
Trahan, and Mirs. HIonore Broussard, to the
property of J. A. Laneuville, at the public
road, having been notified of our appoint
ment and, of the time and place of uo'e:ing
by the person first namned in said order of
appointment, and having severally taken
and subscribed the foregoing oath, and hav
ing given notice to each and every one of
the aforesaid proprietors in writing at least
three days previous of the time and place of
meeting, and of the intended laying out of
said road through the landis of said propti
etors which notices were duly served o'n
said proprietors did meet on the 15th dlay of
July 1895 at Theodule 0. ir,roussard's, the
place designated in said notices and did
then and there in the presence of the follow
ing uamed of said proprietors to-wit: Eloi
E. Broussard, Pierre D. Broussard, Elmnond
M. Trahan, Sarrazin Tralian, Gustave Lan
dry, William lBenoit, Jules I)esormeaux and
others, proceed to trace and lay out said
public road af follows: Beginning at the
southeastern extremity of the property of
t Klcbert Ifaudoin, situateIl on the pulc
road leading to Olidon's bridge, at about
tI wenty arpents from said bridge and bayou,
and running thenu through the lands of the
hereinafter nam.idl proprietors for the dis
tance of 6i miles taking a strip of twenty
feet off of the land of each one, along their
common boundary line, which boundary was
mlutally agreed upon, and shown its i:y said
proprietors, and iby themn designated to us
by setting stakes antd plowing furrows so as
to be easily visible anid recognizable ar.
thence through the lands of Kletcrt i:au
doin, tEvarice Bireaux, Jsecph I Iebert.
Placide licl,ert, Jean lte I lebert, Michel
Breaux, Elizabeth "lsheall, wife of Therencc
To.ups, Darmnas Bfi-ueosarsd,----Vincent,
\Vi<low Sostiene IDroussarl, Jules: DestmJr.
scans, tlaximte Bout-rue, Marguerite luh)on
wife of Placide Trahan, Francois, Clotio,
Jean Senegal, Alexander Sellers, Illermine
Sellers, \Vidow Marccllin Verrot, Sarrazin
Trahan, \Viiliamn Benoit, Francois Go.
Philias Comeau, heirs andl assig-ns of I .;n
Louis, Jean Louis,--llnoit, W\idow o11
1tore IBroussard, Sebastian Benoit, Adrien
Theall, One/ia IBroussard, wife of M1. ('ltio,
Theo,.lule irus.;sard jr., Carmelite iBrms
sard, wife of I.azard NMouton, TLheodule 0).
t lrt.ussard, (;ustave l.andry, J. A. 1.ancu
ville, Pierre Broussr.rd, Eloi E. Itroussord,
SCelema Broussard, wife of Pierre l-roussard,
to the termination of said road, which road
is forty.feet wide throughout its entire length,
and was so traced and staked out, as to Ibes
plainly visible throughout its clntlire course,
Sand we have caused to be made a plat of
Ssaid road, showing the location and course
of said road, atnd thie location of thIe lands
Sof the different proprietors through wvhich
said road runs and thle distance and quan
tity of land appropriated from each owner
for saidl road which plat is annexed to this,
our report of said road for reference. And
we furthermore report that we the said jury
of freeholders dlid on our oaths aforesaid as
sess the following damages to proprietors in
Scompensation for their land so taken and
Sexpropriated for said road as follow-s to-wit:
SFrancois Clotio $x2.oo, Don Louis lean
Louis $Sr.oo, Francois Godie $5.oo, Edmlond
Collar St.oo, Jean Sencegal $z2.oo00, Jeani
I.ouis Jean Louis S.oo, Evarice Breaux
I,r.oo, elonry Comenur $2.oo. Mlarturm
Clotio and Onezia Blroussard St.oo, heirs
sof lMartin Jagou S$.oo, Filias Coiicaux I
$x.oo, Aristide Slith $s.oo, and to the
other proprietors no damnages were assessed i
as in oar opilion the benefit of said road
fully corlpensates thle value of the lands
taken. D)one at the parish of Lafayette,
this 19th day of August 1895. Signed: It.
-). Troussard, A;ugstse Verrot, T'. S. Mhilre,l
A. DI. Vsriot, Adrient Thtleall, Tl'heodlule 0.
Broussard.
1 EN:sI)tPStsI.ItNIT OF CONSSI'-;T.
I one of the proprietors named in thile writ
ten report do hereby consent to the lcation
and dtirection, of the road as deLcribed iu tihe
written report and accomlpanyting plat; nlli
hereby agree to accept the al-oumlt of Ida
ages allowed nle by said jury of freeholders I
as by the written report set forthll in full
compensation of all damages by ine sus
Stained by reason of the expropriation of my
land for the use of said road. Sigtrned and
dated this r5th day of July 1S95. Klebert
Btauoin, Louisianais ilebert, Marie Ihelert,
SMichel lreaux, Jean 1ttc. lichert, Mrs
SPlacide 1-Hichcrt, Jospeh IHlebert, Mrs. 1T.
T[oups, irs. Sosthenie T. Iiroissardl, Ianare
Mlouton, Elida liroussard, Adrien Theall,
I hebastain Benot, Selima Msontel, Jean T. -
Biroussardl. Carmelite lroussard, lules I
Ilresoranea-ts, MIax;rme Botrqlue, .a'geri-ei
! Lh.hon, widow of Placide Trahan, Danrlas i
Broussard fils, Hermini Sellers, Widow
Marcelin Verrot, Eloi E. Broussard, Pierre
D. Broussard, Celinma Broussard, Widow
Benoit, Mrs.tlonore Bsrosussard, Edmond lM.
Trahant, Sarazin Triahan, Gustave Landry,
William Benoit, Theodiule O. Broussard.
Witnesses: II. M. Durke, Alexander
Sellers, Anatole C. Denair and others.
By motion duly made, the above report
was adopted, the road so traced, declared a
public highway. and the road-overseers in
structed to place the said road in good
traveling condition. The sum of $29.oo,
amount of damages assessed is hereby ap
propriated and set aside to meet the various
expropriations of lands, as per report.
By motion the suns of $xoo.oo was appro
priated in aid of the Carencro and Ophelia
Broussard schools; said amount to be equa
ly divided between the two schools.
:Messrs. Durke and R. C. Landry were
authorized to purchase lumber for the con
struction of bridges on the new road, near
Olidon Broussard bridge.
The donation of a strip of land by Al
cide Broussard for the purpose of draining
Marais Copal, was accepted and ordered re
corded.
Mr. Brown was authorized to use the lum
ber from the old bridge at Coulcee Roger to
make certain repairs on the bridges at Cou
lee Colncaux, as an acconmodation to farm
ers in that neighborhood.
The sum of $Z.5o0 was allowed Rodolph
Prejean, indigent.
By motion the Police Jury resolved to
change the regular sitting from the last
Monday of every month to the first Satur
day of every month.
The following accounts were laid over:
T. McHymen, clerk Supreme Court....t$o oo
D. Rees, sheriff's fees................t " 5 90
The following accounts were approved:
Romain Francez, surveying road... ...$ to oo
-A. Gladu, ccwner's fees............. 40 oo
R. C. Greig, registration book, etc... 2S 25
SW. B. aiuley, clerk's fees.- ............ 36 40
IHI-I. Billeaud, feeding prisoners.......... 522 50
The Police Jury .then adjourned until Sat
urday, September, 7, prox at the usual
hour.
I . C. LANDRY, President.
R. C. GREIG, Secretary.
Notice of Election.
LAI'AYETTIE, LA., AUG. 13, 1895.
To the qualified electors residing within
V the corporate limits of tIhe town of Lafa
yette, andl to all whom it may concern:
f Notice is hereby given that an election un
der the general election laws of this State
3 will be held at the court-house of the parish,
in the town of Lafayette on Tuesday Sept.
s 2nd, IS95, to be voted at, only by those
s qualified to vote under the general election
e laws of the State, and who reside in the
territorial limits of the town of Lafayette as
established at present by act -No. III of
I 1369. The following proposition to be
.f voted on at said election, to-wit: Whether
they concur in, consent and accede to the
-nncxation to the territorial corporate lituijs
e of the to,wn of Lafayette, to be subject to
the jurisdiction, control and authority of the
nmunicipal authorities of said town as fully
and to all intents and purposes as if the
s same had been originally iucluded therein
by act approved March thttl 1836G incorpor
ating said town, certain lots or lands con
tiguous and adjacent to the corporate limits
e of said town as follows, to-wit: Start
:1 ing at the bridge on the coulee west
of said town, between the properties of
c Henry tIohorst and I tame Anita Itohorst,
wife of DIoctor Franklin J. 3lotuton, and
rungning fromn thence alun.s; said coulce,
fNo1th86 )j \West, a small ash., 33 feet;
North 67 East, a sm)all ash, 36 icet; thence
-' , I E., 300 feet in fIiohorst's pasture;
f thenlce A. 27 1:., 300oo feet: thence N.
mz j1 East, 170 feet, in cemetery 200 feet;
thence N. 15 IE., 389 feet; thitcse N. 18
f E., Ito feet: oing from ceinetcry to Mrs.
Jtulice's place, 470 feet; thence N. 7 V. W
0 Soo feet: thence N. 20 IS. 300 feet t, southi
e cast corneCr of Arthur (,reig's property:
Stlen:ce N. I E':., 623 feet to thie big ditcit,
1 loo feet to pustllic road lea.iing to Scuttd,
2553 feet to utte Louisiana \Veitern railroad,
i 263 fee-t to the north site of sail railroad;
thence, E. 1024 thence South 77 E.
660 feet to the Motgan railroad (l.
1W. Division) 1250 to center of
1 Morgan road, 1760 feet t ) the public road
e oading to Breaux lBridge. tISo feet into I)r.
f . S. -lad!'s GlI, 3u e et to the south
west cornerr cf hisf ga;rtie. 3,90O S. aisout 75
feet f eyond IDri. tlul 's- resi'lence, 430o
feet in D)r.. iu.1,i's back lot. T'hence south
'. J ±. frmn I)r. Nitidl's to public road
- I tleadingt- tt treaux ltig.- 9'O feet o 1 'n
t' t sor l.icharri's los,, 3050 Iet into Clow Gir
:trd's ''roperty, t,)o feet to :;take.
"'1i 7cl ",7 borlllll i5 1.:"5n"Ltc+ \".;.t, fe11 't tIIet-CCn
Sfeet t, k. th",et . \ \V... r ., ,e t,: Ljutt -
iiiteti at'ss-r' -st-l- th-es
45 \\'. " , ""t t. "'. .. ~r, ,f 12.s.,: h,.t : v'.)"
S :,- I,-":; t.. n.. .,l , 'I l . l jt i- ... or l d at n
\V. ;I; . t t sitit .1 , tt
-; \1-f."J1" l,;i: .5-i:." si S, - t o,.. t.- , tlsset: -c
i 5 ll. t 11. 1- aLi : rt r is n. , (. t I. t.':s tIt lOt s .i "'11ls htb '
,t 9: . st ) t i. Ilt n sr t. t r. !: l:1ts.Is }s:r l.
<.as t-. in p i.t ct, :po 1s..: 11 rh l l n'e heirl ,
ha kIL-,e - : .la re o, f " owl he it o kC) L t ile e his
zat ~!tinac c:t. th,  , .l> ,. its a, scot.s - St- t .
J .'.ry -`.,arty .s I cr i ttis at
sI, c1l ., 'lr ll h.I 110 , re iten rted to [n l te hodr f i-e int
IIthe u- re1tt w ": i tllls11 e l th ',: It,1-! of Ilt.. ba lot, rt,~ tlitt
s ts- i ut of n l cr i-son iu.IUinsc to i s aiti. iit
It :iri l s ;ls t lI ts " u" LfO.tis; ' O tlst n tins ill.t l i tite
':r ss llt t.l!,-in iter ts he oni, hs to tile t condnsit s lr si-s
t,. ere the .te-i .e1e rcei,1l,01. hei l an in rct e lce of
ithe ''li shIs ll l. e pri'ten i-ns ti e ur s il edit ly.
+ .11,2 "tl ' . till t'l tJ i ." f ,, aii ll t le: t n . . 1 1 )1' ; , t[
). h """ Jt," ... nn t f ýlýl d ti,".i I I" 1Il . SO .- : Ili to.
ti " ot' r ,,s s s' the . llot- coute' sht' ll )"e p t b l
sh in Ithe b llbot h x, wis h shal bs isrs'o is t:e-i Se'th. ,st
11 hcnttl the o:lds wl tex a ton, also- ee nmt! er
,:t b:no tom:lnr y at ier the [ 0.) . the i numclass ed ol Iial(ltU s
rej ,ctclo itil;r y , th.s t rent' t l:. - 1 theI f r. he Ctni
hiil ie stat-l:l t s stlst be sworn tol lih 'onl t nis-'
i snes-s.- the o ti ts e rs mn-i-s ther i swic 'i I'ore prs -
riulet.. i.a d h C coI pll ie-t(.l d bt- iT15" %'tem tcr, Is i f 1 -th -e r
hiss otissl , ii lt t ,illtly s lhIst tt llls ll~gt'-s tot ' d t- il
d ,e . . . . . -. s.'-d-tsss siteoo,,si,''sets! sits r is's -
yts, r h re b te t t-' ct- i ist ss ita . inr tt f pie,
sts'is it'ns d iss isi is :-ist s ie s .sst- s list' -sssis' t -
t'its-dts) fst aid tis i :rts , a tssd a'tt tso '- -sltst" d
r ajeis astyn scssti''ol s t sr ttal terhuhtle sslr. Si tit
isr. J instlt ro sll a!s- s tstived - hlusi c I sst-,'ns
in sall i slots of [Isr inshtrll n tsbs-tti 5ndi csalai
net. Ihrtt rssn tick, )ser sh epsotss.
i e Kemist th, t sn e dt o ss i inds
, h t -,.
Best
Family
Medicine
"I have taken Ayer's Pills for
many years, and always derived
the best results from their use.
For stomach and liver troubles,
and for the cure of headache,
AY!ER'S
Cathartic Pills
cannot be equaled. When my
friends ask me what is the best
remedy for disorders of the stom
ach, liver, or bowels, my invaria
ble answer is Ayer's Pills."--Mrs.
LMAY JOHNSON, New York City.
Highest
Awards at
World's Fair.
Good Souirce. Prompt Returns.
COLUMBIA-.._
S.aRICE MILL,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest and best equipped of its
kind in the United States; solicit
ing for it a share of patronage.
Rice milled only on toll.
If desired will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
Shipments should be made in
strong bags and marked plainly so
as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
Sales guaranteed and accounts
rendered promptly.
DAN TALMA5E'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEW ORLEANS.
CIIAKLE:ST()N.
D. V. Gardebled
P HAR M AGCU ST,
and eacler in
Drugs, Patent Triedicinces,
])rut i;t.s' S t lric-, Fin- Purfumnery
Toilet Soaps, Cigar.. 0"',T ar,:, etc. Sta
tionery, School looks, IPoints and Oils.
Prcscripltions cr ,fulle c . ;u.:ini lcc at -all
hou1s of the day anol iht. Eveything .
l fo'u;nd i :: rt ch, s
?" Next to Flk' c Olpr.t l, :.
6EO.i DBLANC
W4OD, LI:ErImms~COAL
W;rolesaee and reteil.
Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Woid.
Cypress and Pine Kinding.
.11 !)rderts Prl'<r u tiy .\tten.i,|l to.
. ' "F T , .- - - - I .)L SIA:A.
O)fice andl Yard near R. R. )Depot.
n45_- L.
KILL-GERM
CURES ITCH
IN 30 MVINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
WM. CL.EGG.
Chamberlain's Eye nnad S93;-' Ointment
ils unequc:lied for Eczecua, Tetter, Sutiit
Rheu, Sca ld Iead, Sore Nipile, C'happed
Hands, itching I il%, turnus, Frost 13ites,
SChronic Sore eyes and Granulated Eye Lids.
SFor sole by druggists at 25 cents per box.
For putting a horse in a fine healthy coa
dition try Dr. Ccdv's Condition Powders.
They tone up the s;yton, !aid digestion, cure
loss of anpetute, relieve constipation, correct
kidneyv disorders and destroy wo:,rms, givin~g
unew i;te to an old or ovnr-workccd horse. 2o
ents Ier p:,ek:a:ge. For sa!e Iy dtruggits
jImprove Your
By lireelding
o l'i' ccl "hlu;c.d .lt':is l:2.1.."
lUreclkinridge.
L'ure BrteL jersey null,
Bctecher
Pure !ircd Red Jersey It,
OSOAR \,1LL.D
Fee. l 1.00
, I -l . ,- llo 1 .YI.:;,'
LEON PLONS KY
Still Leads with a Complete Stock of
DRY GOODS
Clothing, Hats. Shoes, Underwear.
All in the Latest Styles.
Tennent, Stribbling & Co.'s Button Shoes for Ladles and
Misses from $1 to $4 a Pair.
6 Ten, $to.oo, Ten, $ro.oo, Ten, $to.oo
AT-TEN-T ION! o
The TENdency of all TENantS of this terrestrial
sphere is to atTE:Nd tothe attractions inTclENed to -
O benefit thtem:to any ext'at. We therefore cx
o TENd a cordial invitation to all in r-Nding to 6
o make either a small or CxTtN.sit'e purchase of
Sclothing this $10.oo $to.oo Iisritn to give
6 atrENtI .n to l e large and .
t varied line "t E N of Suits, now
displayed in looo o our stor e.
SWe con- TENd that o
6 you should not be conTENted until you have o
e examined the con'll.Nts of our store and learn &
the great values there offered for $10o.oo. New
E suits that would be good value at $12.00 to
C $15.oo, all await TENants and owners of the f
So property for the small amount of $xo.oo. o
o. In Cents Furnishing also we handle, o
. Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes, etc. ,,
L LEVY d& SON.
f
THERE IS A STORE
ON TIIE SOU'rIIWES Ir
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
W here Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
s Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices
A lso a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
THIS PLACE IS OW1,NED BY -VL " CLEGG
G. LACOSTE%,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
M. anufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cult ;ators, 1 ;ise Harrow Leaver
Ilarow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAFAYETTE, LA.
BIG PROFITS Small Investments.
K_-turniln,  ln pcri'y ,,1) make many rich, but no where can they make e so illls h w-ithin a short tiruc
as by sme Cs.tttl Slpecttlati, n in Grain, Provisions anti Stoc;k.
$18i 00 VFOR EACH DOLLAR INVESTED can be made by our
-L Systematic Plan of Speculation
oricinatl-d ty etc, All su cesful .speculators operate on a Iact.lar syster m.
systematic~ traint; throghI C.laton brokers. alnke large :\ m ts e-eryy )ycar, rangi,,g from a few trhou
eawl do "hll agr, for tle ofllt "hl illtesthe a butlld-t_ or t(u a e uttdtled dou lars tip to t5,ooo to Ste ouo o or alore
I a tnhosw who invtst a fes tltsond.
It i :lo a; tact othat those  io lom ke t te la es prit rotr ot.nparativelty small invest Yents o, this
tl.a .arc ,rhols tihu sDe Lawy front Chicago an d illvst through Thsrokcr sho thoroughly understand
systeOna ti trading.
Our plan does not risk tile whole nmountlinveste sd on any trade. but ovets Iboth sides, so that
whether the market rises or falls it b)rillng it steady I-rotet that 1iles up elornmously in a short tIoe.
WKRIrE FR CONVI INli X. ', IuI srO , a so our lManatt l on s.rsewsfutl speculation and our I)ailv
9nr rk It tcpl.rt. full of Inon 'lev k/l- lg Ipu iltcra. ALL FrEE Our M.aleint esxplains margin nadinjg
-tully ly-li trst reere in regard to our l isl d rlig n rd su:--s.
Frs further initormatio address.
THOnMAS & CO., Bankers and Brokers,
241-242 Rialto Building, CHICAGO, ILL.
"Things of the past are dead bur ied, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COIohPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
re esident-Buye
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
/it the Store of -
Mrs. John Go M ¢tlouton
Wiil bc founid
Fine Hiats fnd Bonnets;
And all the Miilineryg Novelties,
)Dress Goods, Shoes8
ii L n. _Ii·-r~, ~