SAZETTrE.
$a r Per Year
4 ;::i' - Boy Blue."
T ,og is covered with dust
- tt aud staunch he stands;
"A__r~te le torsoldier is red with rust
.Ai llin.mausket molds in his hands;
Tid. was when the little toy dog was new
At tle soldier was passing fair;
That was the time wher. our Little Boy Blue
fssed them and put them there.
"Nowrdon't you go 'til I come," he said,
.*Aud don't you make any noise"
So, .toddllng off to his trundle bed,
He dreamt of the petty toys
And, as he was dreaming, an angel song
Awakened our Little Boy Blue.
Oh, the years are many, the years are long,
But the little toy friends are true!
Aye, faithful to-Little Boy Blue they stand,
.Each in the same old place
Awaiting the touch of a little hand
The smile of a little face,
And they wonder-as wasting the long years
through
In the dust of that little chair
What has become of our Little Boy Blue
Since he kissed them and put them there?
-Erugne Field.
Selling toys at cost at the Racket
StordP
Just received a fine line-ofthats at
the Racket Store.
Window shades and mattings to
suit all tastes, at Moss Bros. & Co's.
A girl was. born to Mrs. C. Jen
naro Thursday morning.
Judge C. H. Mouton, of St. Mar
tinville, was in Lafayette this week.
Dr. Fred Mayer was shaking
hands with his Lafayette friends this
week.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Jeanmard
spent New Year's with relatives at
Breaux Bridge. c
Aladin Robichaud has erected a
very neat fence around the property e
of the RRgues Hotel. e
Mrs. H. Van der Cruyssen and a
children were the guests of relatives t
at Breaux Bridge this week. t
P. O. Couvillon, of Carencro, c
was-in Lafayette Tuesday and while e
in town called on The Gazette.
Prof. Von Hoff, the well-known
representative of Weirlein's Music ti
firm, was in Lafayette this week. b
it
A. D. Landry, member of the Po- re
lice Jury from the 8th ward, was a
pleasant caller at The Gazette office S,
Tuesday.
Creole Cough Cure relieves coughs is
and colds promptly and permanently. Pi
Sold 35 cents a bottle at the Moss at
Pharmacy. h.
In 1896, as in 1895, you will get th
the most delicious table butter and
the nicest soda crackers at Moss
Bros. & Co's.
ur
Charley Broussard, The Adver- fir
tiser's next best man, went to or
Breaux Bridge Tuesday to spend tri
New Year's with his parents. su
Miss Marie, daughter of Mr. A. of
E. Mouton, returned to the Sacred tu
Heart Convent at Grand Coteau, to
after spending the holidays at home. th.
New Year's day passed off in an pa
unusually quiet manner in Lafayet'e.
Only one arrest is reported and it ter
was in the case of a negro who be
vo
came too gay. vn
The Pelican band treated the esi
townspeople to some choice music mý
Tuesday night. 7 he boys were in a "I
happy mood and they played music the
until the midnight hour told of the sub
advent of the new year. res
Miss Maud Boas requests The Ga- an
zette to state that she has employed
an assistant, Miss Birdie McCord, wr
of New Ibesia, and that she is now fin
better prepared than ever to "teach ass
the young idea how to shoot.' vet
Having secured the services of an cra
assistant Miss Boas is in a position me
to enroll a larger number of pupils. to 1
Though a little late it may not be
out of order to mention the fact e
that Lafayette had the honor of r
making the motion at Shreveport to
close and make the nominations of 1
G;ov. Foster, Snyder and Cunning- Clu
ham unanimous and by acclamation. ver
It was Dr. Fred Mayer, of this par- at
ish, who arose and in a neat and atte
eloquent little speech, seconded the eXP
nomination of the governor and and
moved to make him the unanimous in t
choice of the convention by accla- As
mation. nist
It won't cost anything to ask the
dealer to show you the BucKsKi trot
BREECHES. Look them over-look nes
at the double seams, and how the side
buttons are fastened. If they are all whil
right so far pick up your size and ed'
try them on. You can find a fit.
After all this don't you think they'd fore
be pretty good pants to work in ? eve
You'll find out about the wear part
when you've worn them f;.r months. your
You'll save from IS to 25 cents on h
everydollar you spend during 1896 ensa,
if y3 !do all youl" -trading at Moss Who'
Boa., & Co's. for I.
Time to Stop it.
With utter disregard for the con
venience and safety of people the
officials of the west-bound passen
ger trains obstruct more than half
of the crossing on Lincoln avenue.
t Nearly every afternoon, if not every
afternoon, the locomotive pulling
ew the passenger train is stopped in al
most the center of the crossing,
Blue leaving less than one-half of the
road to vehicles to pass. It is not
d, only inconvenient to persons in ve
hicles, but it is absolutely dangerous
to them. In order to drive across
the horse must be made to pass two
or three feet from the cow-catcher,
ong, and unless the animal is exceedingly
gentle it is at a great risk that this
and, is done. This very reprehensible
practice of the engineers or conduc
tors has already caused several
ears teams to run away. Again last
Tuesday a spirited horse came very
near running away with a carriage,
ere? but fortunately the laly, who held the
reins, very skillfully managed the ,
horse and what might have been a
ket fatal accident was averted, thanks
to the skill and courage of the
at driver.
There is a fence to show the
to ground assigned the crossing and
the locomotive should not be al
lowed to remain beyond that fence '
an- a longer period than ten minutes, h
the time fixed by a town ordinance. a
ar- We believe that the matter should a
:k. be attended to at once by the muni
cipal authorities. If the following ii
his ordinance dqn't cover the offense t
let the Council at its next meeting r
adopt one that will. Here is the E
.rd ordinance as it stands at present: tl
at "It will be unlawful for any train
of cars to obstruct any street or pub- tV
lic highway within the limits of the a
a corporation of Lafayette for a long- a
ty er period than ten minutes; and any ri
engineer, conductor or manager of .
id any train obstructing any street or tr
public highway within the corpora T
es tion of Lafayette for a longer time d
than above spe ified. shall upon ra
conviction be fined in the sum of
° twenty-five dollars for each and fr
every offense."
This practice has been going on at
n for a number of years and it is fully d,
ic time that it be stopped. It were in
better to stop it now than to allow th
it to go on until some fatal accident bi
er
results from it.
a For Representative. so
:e St. Martin Evangeline.
The political campaign, it seems, of
is is now virtually opened. The as- P
pirants to parochial and ward offices ur
are well known, aid yet so far we Bi
have heard of none seeking the office in
of legislator in the lower house of in
the General Assembly. That posi- Oa
tion, it is conceded, when confided t
to a man of unsullied principles, cf tet
unblemished integrity, of undoubted th;
firmness and of patriotism, is not Ici
o one of profit, but exclusively of an
l trust and honor. Considering it wh
such, many of the good Democrats wh
of St. Martin seem lately to have an
j turned their eyes on one well known aft
to all; one who certainly embodies wh
the above qualification; one whose ant
past record and name will be in the the
halls of our General State Assembly an,
a full and ample security to our in- ed
terests; one whose unflinching de
votion to his party has ever been ouw
unselfish and at all times disinter- cid
ested; one, in fact, whose only ton
maxim, politically, has ever been: the
"It is the cause of Democracy, wit
therefore it is my cause; and, in w
support of it, I am and ever will be mo
ready to pledge my life, my liberty in
and my sacred honor." fro
This gentleman, when we shall tra
write his name, will, we doubt not, ed
find a loud confirming echo of these of
assertions in the hearts of many, erst
very many of the white true Demo- S.
crats of St. Martin parish. We T
mean Mr. Jules J. Mouton. Nowany
to him this is the earnest call from the'
his people, and his answer thereto plo
we feel will not be any other than a proj
repetition of his well known devo- he
tion to Democracy-I am ready! Dr.
The Glee, Mandolin and Guitar Ei
Clubs of the Louisiana State Uni- are
versity gave a musical entertainment chitim
at Falk's hall Monday night. The and
attendance was as large as could be such
expected, owing to the poor light CHR
land exceedingly cold temperature you
in the hall during the performance. per b
At long as the people are not fur- AND
nished with better accommodation S
by the manager of the hall, no baut
troupe can hope to do a good busi- trou
nessin this town. However, con- mai
sidering the disadvantages un-ler fect
which the university boys perform- viset
ed' they did very well. Their per- and
formance was a creditable one in spol
every respect: by a
When you are in doubt what to do for Th
-mour cough or cold take DAvIs' WILD CHES
C~HERRY AND TAR. It will cure y3u. as it counlt
has done thousands of others. It is the found
best remedy for Asthma, Bronchitis, Infnlu- i Bront
enza, Consumption in its early stages, Croup, i you h
Whooping Couegh, as the sales of fifty years it a f:
testify. So. and s$.o per brittle. Ask its mt!
for -)A.i W \ILD ItrRY" A.SD I'AR. ANtn
FOUR CHILDREN
con
the Meet With a Terrible Railroad
isen- Accident Near Broussardville.
half As the result of one of those aw
nue. ful railroad accidents which are al
very together too frequent in this coun
Iling try, Effie Girouard, a little girl of 9
I al. years of age, is dead, a sister of z
ing, years is suffering from external in
the juries and may die, a third sister of
not =4 years the marks of less serious
ve- wounds, and a 4-year-old brother
rous has a crushed leg.
ross Last Tuesday at about half past
two two o'clock in the afternoon, the
her, four children of Mr. Hebrard Gi
ugly rovard, a farmer living near Brous
this sardville, were driving home from
ible that place where they had gone to
uc- buy some toys for New Year's day.
tral When crossing the track just out of
last the limits of the town they were run
ery down by a train, which consisted
ge, only of a locomotive and caboose,
the and which, from all accounts, was
the running at a very fast speed. The
I a little children were thrown in differ
ent directions, the horse was killed
oks outright and the buggy was knocked
the out of shape. After the accident
the train stopped, backed up Co
the where the children were, put them
nd in the caboose and brought them to
al- the depot at Broussardville, a few
arpents from the scene of the oc
ie currence. Drs. DeLaureal and
es, Struhmer were immediately called 4
:e. and th.e) did all in their power to
ild alleviate the pains of the ill-fated
ci- hildren, one of whom was in a dy s
ing condition as its brains were ooz- I
ng ing out. By means of mattre-ses
se the unfortunate little ones were car
ng ried to the hospitable home of Mr.
he Ed St. Julien, where they received
the attention of skillful physicians
and kind nurses.
in News of the accident was wired
b- to Lafayette by Officer Geo. Malag- t
he aric during the afternoon and Sheriff
g- Broussard, Coroner Gladu and af
iy representative of this paper lett im
of mediately for Broussardville. A°
or train beaning Judge Parkerson, Dr. g
a Tolson and Capt. Jas. Mitchell was
,e dispatched to Broussardville by the
n railroad company. As there had a
not yet been any death resulting a
d from the accident the coroner had
nothing to do but await the end of b'
'n little Effie, of which there was no
ly doubt in the minds of the attend
re ing physicians. At about 8 o'clock
w the same day the poor little girl
breathed her last and death put an
end to the most excruciating pains
that it has ever been the lot of one
so young to bear. pF
In order to secure the attendance n
o, of all the witnesses Coroner Gladu A
postponed the holding of an inquest '
until Thursday, on which day he
s and Judge DIebaillun and Sheriff a
e Broussard went to Broussard and "n
e impannelled the following jury ofe
if inquest: Henri Fournet, Aurelien th
Olivier, Louis J. Gary, D. G. Ber- es
riard ane Raoul J. Malagarie. Thir- 3
teen witnesses were examined. The
f testimony adduced went to show a
l that the train which caused the ac- wI
t cident consisted os a locomotive
and caboose a, d was running at an ist
unusually fast speed and did not fa
whistle before reaching the crossing h
s where the children were run over- ho
e and that the whistle was heard only lar
t after the accident. Avie Girouard, '
who sustained slight injuries, says gin
that the locomotive did not whistle, th
and that at about an arlent from
the crossing she stopped the horse Ion
and stood up in the buggy, but fail- So.
ed to see any train. vau
Stripped of its legal trimmings o
the jury's verdict is that Etfie Gir- o01
ouard came to her death by the ac- set
cident "through the gross and wan
ton negligence" of Alex Whitmore, Hao
the engineer, and :.. D. French,
the conductor, who were charged ias
with the crime of manslaughter. of I
Sheriff Broussard arrested Whit- 1
more and French and placed them the
in the parish jail awaiting an order far
from the district judge at Franklin. e
The order came on the x x o'clock gre
train and the prisoners were releas- 8.5
ed after furnishing bond in the sum iha
of $i5oo each. Judge J. G. Park- url
erson, Hen. Charles D. Caffery and dec
S. R. Parkerson signed as oonds- I
reen. bad
The prisoners did not care to make th
any statement for publication, but 0o
they expressed sorrow over the de- 11
plorable affair and said that at the du
thre
proper time they would establish t,
their innocence. befs
land
Dr. Davis' Compound Syrup of cont
Wild Cherry and Tar. whi
Everyone knows Wild Cherry and Tar the
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron- read
chitis Croup, Whooping Cough, all Lung chie
and Throat troubles, and when combined tial
with other drugs of the greatest value in mte
such diseases, as they are in DAVis' WILD i
CHERRY AND TAR, it makes the remedy and
you shourd have at hand Soc and $1.oo an
per bottle. Ask for DAvis' VWILD CHERRY say
AND TAR, NOT Wild Cherry and Tar. 5,00
In
Some time ago Mr. Simeon Gold- on ti
baum of San Luis Rey, Cal., was It
troubledl with a lame back and rheu- duc
matism. He used Chamberlain's be
Pain Balm and a prompt cure was ef- Al
fected. He says he has since ad- and
vised many of his friends to try it bes
and all who have done so have bates
spoken highly of it. It is for sale wonl
by all druggists. mill
The old Cough remedy, DAvis' WILD of I
CHERRY AND I'AR, has been selling in your no Ir
country on its merits. Once tried it is third
found to cure the Cough, Cold, Asthma, Dc
Bronchitis, Croup or Whooping Cough. If may
you have not used it, when required, give excit,
it a far trial and you will be convinced of finan
its merit. Ask for DAVIrs' WIr.L, (prH.Ii Al
AND T.l.. 50.' an I ~il.o3 ,.-r is,,tll. crca
Suicide of Mr. Dees.
E. H. Dees, of Lake Charles,
committed suicide at y o'clock yes
. terday morning in his room at the
Crescent Hotel by shooting himself
aw- through the head with a 38 calibre
al- Smith & Wesson. Mr. Dees had
pun- been stopping at the hotel since the
S first of January, having come to La
l fayette to perfect arrangements to
1 take charge of the Vordenbaumen
in- lumber yard. At about 7 o'clock
r of the noise of a pistol shot was heard
ous by the hotel people and steps were
her at once taken to ascertain from
which room it emanated. Upon
openipg the door of Mr. Dees' room
oast aghastly sight was disclosed. The
the dead body of Mr. Dees was lying
Gi- on the bed, partly leaning against
us- the head-board, holding in the
right hand a revolver with the fin
om ger still on the trigger. The: bullet
to entered just above the right ear and
ay. found exit, as near as could be as
of certained, a little lower on the other
u side of the head.
ted A few minutes before a servant
had brought him some coffee which
se, he drank, as was evidenced by an,
vas empty cup which was on a table
·he near the bed.
er- The people about the hotel had
led noticed that the unfortunate man
ed was somewhat melancholy and had
:nt very little to say, but so sensational
to an occurrence was not in the least
;m expected. The night before he had
to sent word that he was unwell and'
w would eat no supper
c. Mr. Dees was about 35 years of '
id age. He leaves a wife and a young l
ed daughter at Lake Charles. He was 1
to about to move to this town with his
ed family. His wife is a Miss Mayo,
y a daughter of Hon Thad. Mayo, of
z. Lake Charles.
es a
r- A Farmer Speaks.
DusoN, Dec. 29, 1895.
d Editor Lafayette Gazette:
- As the old year, eighteen hundred and i
ninety-five, is just about to leave us forever, f
I will write of some things past and some r
things to come. Lafayette parish has made r
this year the most abundant crop we have
any record of. So much corn it is hard to
a find store room for it. People have such an
unusual crop they have been careless in e
r. gathering it, and many fields are not yet b
gathered. Rice also is so plentiful it is sell- a
e ing far below cost of production; it has sold
at 50o cents per sack of 19o pounds. Hogs C
are plentiful and fat, yet we are in a finan
d cial straight. Nothing sells but cotton and b
but little was planted. Farmers will com- a
o mence another crop with hopes of a change
for the better.
k The Louisiana State Agricultural Society
Swill meet us on Jan. 23, 24 and 25. This n
t important meeting should be attended by as tc
many of our farmers as possible, and the p
citizens of the town of Lafayette are es
pecially invited, as it is upon them in a great
e measure the success of the meeting depends. x
U At that season the roads are impassable, the w
t weather liable to be cold and rainy. We
e hope the good ladies of Lafayette will take
a part with us, as their presence is always y`
d necessary to make such meetings a success. ti
f We will have delegates from every part of w
the State and there will be many very inter- 01
esting papers read on every branch of farm
anud stuck raising. President Jno. Dymond, e
eDr. W. C. Stubbs, Commissioner A. V. Carter o0
and many able agricultural friends will be th
with us. - in
Our parish should get up a fair; other par- te
ishes with many less advantages than La
t fayette have held successful fairs this year.
rVe have fine stock of all kinds, fine fruits, ha
bountiful crops. We have plenty of rich wi
land to sell with no purchaser, while someof hi
our neighboring parishes are inviting immi- tic
gration and selling their lands at far more
than our rich lands can be bought for. up
Mr. Editor, I will not make my article too mi
long, but invite all to meet with the State an
Society. Let us give our parish all the ad- gr
vantages we can, and may be we can induce GI
some pine woods farmer to buy some of
our rich, beautiful land, for we have some to wC
sell. OBSERVER. ne
The Next Cotton Crop.
Home and Farm, Louisville. Ky.
The last estimate of the cotton crop for tui
1895 is 6,750,0o0 bales, or but 67 per cent. inj
of the crop of 1894.
This crop has brought as much money as
the crop of 1894. It would have brought Mt
far more save for the fact that the markets ma
were loaded down with a surplus from the
year previous. For two years the crops ag- wh
gregated nearly 17,ooo,ooo bales, or nearly Th
8,5oo,ooo bales annually, which is more
than the world is willing to take at fair rates. ant
For next year there should be a still lie'
further reduction of acreage, else prices will
decline to the level of x894-. it
The crop of 1895 was reduced as much by hes
bad weather as by a reduction of acreage.
Next year if the season be fair the crop, on Ap
the average of 1895, would be over 8,ooo,
0oo bales.
In addition to the ordinary reasons for re. Spe
ducing the acreage. we must consider the .
threat of war with England.
In our judgment no greater calamitycould ing
befall civilization than a war between Eng- met
land and America. It is contrary to reason, i ab
contrary to the teachings of Christianity,
which both nations profess, and at this time Tht
there is absolutely no excuse for a conflict.
But the politicians at Washington are dev
rrady to aro.tse any pos;ion, to do any mis- puL
chiet in order to retain power. A presiden
tial election is approaching, and ambitious cral
men are ready to threaten war, ready even joul
to plunge men into war to win votes.
Hence, this threat of war with England wh
and the consequence is a panic in New york repi
and a decline in all farm products.
We export two-thirds of our cotton crop; and
say of a crop of 7,5oo,ooo we would export zoti
5,oooooo.
Imagine the effect of a war with England repi
on the price of cotton. p
It would not be as in 1861, when the pro
duction of cotton ceased. Cotton production field
would go on, but our best customers would for
be shut out of our markets.
American mills would manufacture more D
and call for more raw material, but it would
be a high pressure to say the American your
mills could or would consume 4.oooooo
bales. With a crop of 7,oo000,0ooo there
would be a surplus of 3.ooo000,000ooo, and the Wi
mill owners would make their own price. DAvY
Ilence the necessity of reducing the crop shoal
of 3896 to six millions. Plant for that, and who
no more. Reduce your own acreage one
third, and you will make money. early
Do not say there will be no war; there Ci
may be no war. But threat of war and war Cold,
excitement demoralize business, demoralize hae
finances, and lessen the demand for cotton.have
Already a bill has been introduced to in- W'VIL
croase thi tarit( taSr 25 per cent. It is a i-ni 1
threat which will of itself prevent a return of
aries, good times. Our people want peace; com
yes. mercial peace and peace with all nations.
t the But until this is assured it is the part of
wisdom to raise your food at home and have
mself your cotton for a surplus money crop. To
glbre get all the money for it you can, reduce the
had acreage.
Sthe Table Manners.
SLa- It is not local news, and to many
io readers it is not news at all. But it
amen
lock has been suggested by a whole lot
eard of local observation-this local, en
were titled, "Table Manners." An un
rron usually :-.mart woman once said to
oom us, "I can always tell from a man's
The table manners, whether I shall care
ying to know him or no.." And she was
tinst about right. There is nothiung mo e
the likely to betoken the gentleman, or
fiet proclaim tne boor. Many people 1
and seem to ignore the great importance !
as- of these table manners, as an index r
ther of breeding, or the want of it. C
They must be ignorant about it, t
enh else would they n,.t be so careless. ;
an It is certainly more charitable to at- n
able tribute it to ignorance than to utter
disregard and indifference. i
had Now the fact really is that at the s
nan mi
had table, more than at any other time a
nal or place, it behooves a man to be a
east gentleman. Even at its best and M
had when done in the most refined man
and ner, there is so.nething more or less '
of of the earth earthy about eating. or h
ung as some people call it-feeding. c,
was When it is done in a careless and il
his greedy style, it is very suggestive of
yo, a hog. s
There is not much room for an bo
argument as to the correctness of st
the foregoing propositions. They sh
are conceded by everybody. And
and yet this city, State and nation are ne
ver, full of people who have bad table a
,me manners. We are sorry it is true, er
ade regret to call attention to it, and
aye
to yet feel impelled to do so. We eat fu
an too rapidly, and are thereby short- pe
in ening our lives. We do not eat,
yet but bolt our food. We look least tu
ell- attractive when we thus are injuring on
ol ur health. cr
ogs cr:
an Eating is a fine art, but can never
md be such when done it, haste, or by Pa
,m- a glutton. Sc
ige We do not purpose arguing this th
ety matter, nor advising, but we do esi
his make this suggestion in obedience
as to an irresistible impulse.-Shreve- re,
the port Judge.
s- ser
eat Our esteemed contemporary, the wa
as. Knoxville Sentinel, is much struck 1s
the with the phrase "enervating pa
ke ternalism" in the president's mes- Ai
Lys sage. We will venture the asser
ss. tion that the same phrase has been th
of written and real a hundred times C(
er- over without attracting anybody's se
Seye. There is nothing particularly
Zr original in the idea nor striking in I f
be the language. We semember once, lie
in the year i 89o, a plain and unpre- til
`r- tentious newspaper laborer, "a youth an'
to fortune .and to fame unknown," sa
s, had the honor of sitting vis-a-vis me
¢h with the great Grover and engaging sul
of him in off-hand, running conversa- rec
" tion, which he afterward "wrote all
re up," of course with Grover's per- gtv
try
o mission. He "laid himself out" as
te and dialogued the interview with ant
d- great freedom, kindly supplying A.
oe Grover with the largest and choicest Foi
to words and assigning, with the meek
ness of his craft, the short and sitm- wa
ple ones to himself. Some time lic;
thereafter he found one of his most to
3r turgid and bombastic sentences do- try
t. ing duty in a magazine article among Oh
a list of the "Sayings and Senti- ntai
t m.ents of Grover Cleveland." It of
is makes a great deal of difference She
what name goes with the saying. ton
STile king's joke is always funny, mau
Sand an epigram's prosperity often fo
Slies in the mouth of him that speaks an
it and not in the ear of him that pro
V hears it.- Memphis Commercial- zuel
SAppeal. say:
Vermilion Populists.
- Special to Times-Democrat. and
SABBEVILLE, Dec 29.-The lead- Am
ing Populists of this parish held a shor
meeting yesterday at Rice Cove, me
about five miles from Abbeville. s
The object of the m-eting was to with
devise a plan to unite with the Re- Jam
publicans and dissatisfied Demo- ther
crats on a State ticket. They ad- ton
journed to meet next Thursday, or
when final action will be taken and Mor
representatives elected to the Alex- ches
andria meeting to be held on Jan. scor
zoth. The factions wi.l unite on a w'o
representative from this parish and eoh
probably put a judicial ticket ;n the than
field for judge and district attorney sion
for the 17th Judicial District. sent
Ame
DAVIs' W'ILD CHERRY AND TAstwill cure the i
your Coughor Cold. 5oc. and $t.oo. Sout
The Old Bark. Stat
Wild Cherry, commanded Ly Capt.
DAVIs, is cruising among the dangerous
shoals of Consumption, ready to save any
,who will get aboard. Consumption in its
early stages can be cured by D.vis' WIDo al
. CAt.aY AND TAlR. If you have a Cough,
Cold, Asthma, BDoachitis, if the children guar
Shave Croup or. 1Vhooping Cough, DAvis' Mr.
WIVnD CHERRY AND TAg will cure. 5oc. in all
THE FIRST -NATIONAL BANK OF
CAPITAL. o50,000.
CROW CIRARD, Preeldent. S. R. PARKERSON, O
J. C. PARKERSON, Vice Prelident. F. V. MOUTON, Assist.
- DIRECTORS----.
CROIV GIR/RD, . S. W/l7ATNCGTD p.NR. R9'.
c. c. BA'OW; A.fJ. MOSS, .1 0. Ag
LCIDE fUD/IcE, F. DoMAA'A.'O4E, N. PP.
Royvtlic.
S Since "Clherokee's" advent in Lafayette
are journalism he has estal,lishei sonm-what of a
reputation as a conservative writer. WV.
as have made it a point to treat friend lik:
. e enemy with courtesy and respect; we have
never sheltered a vacillating friend for an
or honest opponent; we have tried hard to
pile please the good people of Lafayette, and
should we have failed in doing w.at we
ICe thought was right, then we have no further
ex remarks to make; we bow down, we retire ;n
oblivion. .
t. Before receiving sentence, we would like
it, to comment some on that true son of La
fayette, Dr. G. W. Scranton, wlho is now an
S. active candidate for Representative at the
it- next Legislature. Before plunging too deep
ly into the subject, we would like to tell our
:er readers that "Cherokee" was one of the very
first to advise Dr. Scranton to keep out 'of
te the political arenas because we thought that
the doctor'j personkl interests were too great
ne to be put aside ao as toenter politics. Scran
ton says that he will sacrifice all, so as to
sa show the people that he is with thenm and al
ad ways ready to serve. The most skeptical, it
should seem to u;, must be convinced that
) Dr. Scranton is anxious of showing his con
ss stituents the appreciation and love he bears
them. Can anyone doubt his sincerity! W\e
or have closely surveyed the field and have
g. come to the conclus.on that we are duty
bound to support Scranton for the ten fol
lowing reasons:
of I. His actions in the past speak for them
selves.
2. His record as a Democrat has never
t been doubted.
3. The shouldering of his musket, when a
student in New Orleans in September, :874,
y shows plainly how his sentiments stood tor
honest and white government.
id 4. His defense of white supremacy during
re negro rule in Lafayette, eight or ten years
ago, is proof of his loyalty to Democracy.
e 5. He is one of the largest real estate own
ers of the parish.
6. He is as honest as he is charitable.
d 7. He is educated and fully competent to
it fulfill tae requirements of that high ofi'e.
8. He will represent his people "'Sans
peur et sans reproche."
t, 9. He is open in expression; frank in na
ture; an esamy of hypocrisy.
it to. H. will be elected, notwithstanding
g only 7 voters had courage enough to cast
their ballots for him at the "White Dlemo
cratic Primaries" of Saturday, Dec. 14 (of
r which "'Cherokee" was an active partici
pant).
Y These are the reasons why we support
Scranton, and let every man dare say that we
are not a Democrat because we do not follow
s the "ticket in full," and it will be our great
o est pleasure to either call him a liar in person
or in writing.
e In conclusion, we may say that the above
remarks are made because it has been re
ported that any voter who did not vote the
"'ticket in full" is not a Democrat. We re
serve the right of erasing, and we will al
e ways do so, especially when, a good man and
k a good Democrat is a candidate for an office.
CHEROKEE.
An Old Soldier's Recomuienda
tion.
In the late war I was a soldier in
a the First Maryland Volunteers,
Company G. During my terma of
service I contracted chronic diar- I
rhcea. Since then I have used a
great amount of medicine, but when
I found any that would give me re
lief it would injure tny stomach, un- t
til Chamberlain's Chol.c Cholera i
and Diarrhoea Remedy was brought
to my notice. I used it and will C
say it is the only remedy that gave i
me permanent relief and no bad re- i
suits follow. I take pleasure in is
recommendng this preparation to a
all of my old comrades, who, while t
givtng their services to their coun- h
try, contracted this dreadful disease e
as 1 did, from e.:ting unwholesome a
and uncooked food. Yours truly, a
A. E. BENDING, Halsey, Oregon t
For sale by all druggists.
The Ntw York mail and Exl-ress
was at one time a very bitter Repub- S
lican organ that had nothing good
to say of the people and the coun
try on this side of the Potomac and
Ohio rivers, but with the change of f
nianagement that followed tile death h'
of its proprietor, Col. llliott F.
Shephard, there cram; a change of so
tone and of late the paper has th
manifested a very friendly feeling I'
for the South. A few days ago, in in
an editorial commenting on the of
probable composition of the Vene
zuelan commission, it had this to -
say:
"'The South, chivalric, undaunted th
and dedicated anew to the cause of p<
American honor and integrity, Lbi
should be represented either :by
membership in the Ven -zuela conm
mission or in the board of counsel i p
to that body. What's the matter
with having John B. Gordon or be
James Longstreet, of Georgia? Is be
there any objection to 1Vade Hamp
ton or M. C. Butler. of South Car by
olina ? Can anybody oppose John
irV. Daniel, of Virginia, or John T. La
Morgat of Alabama,or Boyd WVin- So
chester, of Kentucky, or any of the
scores of patriotic ex-confederates sk
wvo might be named ? Nothing
would be more disappointing--: nd ma
we hope nothing is more unliklely-
than the appointment of a coiminis
sion which does not include a repre
sentation of that portion of the
American commonwealth known in
the history of Western valor as 'the A
Southern Confederacy.' "-N. "O.
States.
C.Jennaro,
8HOE-W-MAKER, BE
Makes a good, durable shoe. Good fit
gtaranteed. Eu
Mr. Jenaaro will also give amusic lessons
in all kinds of brass instruments and cla .
net. Parkerton bleek,. ama. 4iapot.
SLAFA YETTE DALEGA[ .
rette . ON TIfE SUFFRA 9.I
of a AMEN1JME1 T. :.
ii:, The Suffrage amendment hb
'e fully discussed by the delegafiolijo
4 to chambers at Sbhreveport, and it
ni agreed that the'best policy t'
ther was to leave it tQ them
cide pro or con .atba "
ike tion. Pursuant to tlif
L was ably advocateid D
the offered the following a
e1ir the minority report, -br
rery Mr. Dupre, bf St. Lan
f "That the Suffrage amend
that the individual voter to destmi et',
reat day, tickets to be printed for s*i
s to The chairman, Mr. Gautte f w
al- Orleatns, after having ratog+4 ed'
hat Dr. Maver, the . mose'tt., he
on- found out what he was after, saled
We him out of order, thereby desnings .
ave his parliatmentary right to,.,sne"id,
fo' whereupon he appealed from the d- ...
m cision of the cha*i; tl housetid:or
der to cut short.,the procehNlings, -
ver sustained the ruling of the chair,
na Congressman Robertson ha-no ap
4 plied the congressional gaofl t ' I, _
"previous question," which chek4
ng oft further debate. When h$ t ll "
of parishes was called ind at
in- reached, Dr. Mayer arose qt c r=
castically asked the clir h
to him how to vote intellig
Ins having been arbitrarily defied his' :,:
a- parliamentary right ýame.d and
being under instrpions;- l'could
. not vote for either e maj no.
- the minority repdrtltas "ni, .
of port was in harmony with
structions. The chair, les ..
t realizing that it had erred i r '
w ing, offered no solution, -and La-.
fayette was voted blank. 
ve .VE .SIALL DO O l.I IP7
- Shreveport Progress.
he No paper will be more loyal to the Demo
cratic ticket than The Progress. We 1 -'
id lieved the silver question a State issue, and
e. do so yet. We believe it should have had
recognition in the State platorm, because the-,L
a. majority of the Democrats think so. But
having been outgeneraled and permitted
n false friends to hoodw.ingl us all along the ."
s, line, we think it unmanly to stab a ticket
if which has the unanimous indorsement of a
r- duly elected and accredited delegation to a
a duly organized Democratic convention, and
it don't propose to do it. The Progress never
hit below the belt in its life, and don't in
i- tend to begin now. The time to make a
a fight is when delcgates are elected, and
it when the convention assembles. We have
II done this to, the best of our ability and hav
e ing failed, a majority of Democrats think
ing d:fferently from us, wse claim the ticke
n is ours as well as theirs; that it is the duty
o of all D)emocrats to support it, and being of
e that party shall do our best to land it with a
handsome majority. This we can do st . ,
e ently, because it is worthy of ort confidene .3;
e and trust; the personnel are good men, men
of ability,- zeal and progression and commend
themselves to all men of the party.
Demand of A--iministration.
State of Louisiana, Parish of LE. "
I yette-17th Judicial District
Court.
S-.,
Whereas Albert Labe ot the Parish of
fayette has filed in said court a petition
be appointed Administrator of the Succe-'
sion of Sidney B. l.ane, deceased. A.y
person intending to make any opposition to:
said appolintment, will file the same in said
court within ten days froml punlication of -:
this notice, otherwise s.¶id appointment will .
be made.
Given under my official seal an.l siguature
in the town of L.afayette, I.a., this 26th day
of Decemnler A. Di. IScSo. :
W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court.
Nov. 26.
P'roteetion to Game and Poultef .
The undersigned will pay $50 bounty to
the personlls manking the highest numlbr of ·
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,t
La., before the ist day of January, 1896><
I as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number
points.
$i5 to tile one making next greatest/
her of points.
So to the one making next greatesta
ber of points.
Value of different heads are to be couni2d
by points, as fellows.
Large IIawk..........u 5 -t- ild cat ...:.........5
Small hawk ....... 5 Coon............... 5
)wl ................ Oposm ..............- S
Mlink.............. ......... W easel-................!5 .
Skurk ....... .. . .t Fox.:..................S
Hleads of birds of prey andscalps of ani
nals to be deliveredl to WVm. Clegg _~.b ,lUl -,
give receipt for points, no boanty to K'belid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
FOR SALEI!
Atteantion Illnme Seeker. and
Investois. .
A chance of your life time to ALeure an
ideal home and profitable farm. Also the
BEAUSEJOUR Springs and Park sit ",a
on the banks of the beautifulBayooa " 7(
ion. A large commodious countr.
with "TWO HUNDRED .
Excellent land. Soil very beat for.
ama. from Uhet~~dii#