yet. ewet .1 O
aatreeadmits of nothlagu
asr to t rest e
,,s - ot tat  wu out- -so
ohe e£t stines Wo1te cIr bed
4 4. ,and Rrgry~s.-sBwusn. a0
s  h mo justlyg setmblse whr ten
m s nothing that wears out a soil
ers the vaigils ofnch the card o s- her
' ' idA thbos cutting pusioe s which the
ellad them.-Steele.. we.
the
]sd efly the great ocean greyhound te
ee HS M~. ock n ates youwn thenk ritver m'
bound. But are you, my dear air,
for the sea sickness lmoet alys e
o a rtrans-Atlantic trip with the e- r oi
falbles atemachic, Hostetter's Satomac Bit
a .. If nnotep ct to sep er without r id. 1eO
Te Bitte-rs i theistaunh friend of all who the
ts vlbg- . sea or land, emigrants, tourists, Phi
.oe s ite travetrs mariners. It cormn
pieteyl remedies nausea, biliousnes, dys- ot
dlr atis o twinges and inactivity of Gth
.. nX Saioea Wh. ca-h u u o a.. -
- K mw His MAs.-'Done you think it very me
aana th Jack t e rduppe doesn't pay me rim
he borrowedi" . No. 1 think itloo
w vouldebe ry strange if he did."-Detroit atI
oFree uares _ _In _ce Io
s tgvaenr Septr . 10.-Mc ourney from b
wa shie was over the ChiEsg. Burlington i
t.sUlc a Roilroad. one o-f the bet man- a
gnysthmsinthecountfl. , I ahodid osays the
ealth atb theis scvili o theem lo s theor
~ rough, an attack o p neum onia or typhoid i
eer now may mpunctualike you arrn invald
satnaily orshed Denver ahead of time. The sul
nter. First Routf ae is also the beato Styour bloo
s pure, for heath depends upon pureCit
No xAL was ever so much in love that he eat
blood. unable to sleep on Suday morning.s - reh
Teall t Ainvesme now. I
dildren's Coughs and Colds.-ood tn in Ior
Blunt, Sprague, Wash., March 8, '9W.
'Ens mills of justice notonly grind slowly, soi
biut they irequentlygrindup the wrong pee- by
pe r whoTelegra system.
apt Will Pay
To make some provision for your physical
health at this season, because a cold or ,o
vinter. First of all be sure that your blood01
he pure, for health depends upon
blood. A few bottles o Hood's Sarsapa e
rilla will be a paying investieut now. It .
Sarsaparilla 
Is the One True Blood Purifier.
Hlood's Pillso, pr'eeo o er tao. 2 C
re
ti'
4 yEvery whale
S I as nmnetator. s
6 ite -leLong b,
SPatent Hook and Eye. a
II
See that
se
hump
t
e
a
I
d
humIi
wa 4 sae itisee K II- hod fr.. i
hrough ' osening e[ l
the so is Sfof the ssentials in good e
Sasibit. A . kinds of grain,
vegetabl. sad nearly all kds- stri
fruit, require a mellow soil qr seed ta 1
bed in order to secure the best re~
sults. The mellowing up of the soil kU
a nessarg so thitt the plants ban efi- tor
tend their met workruf -totseasily d dLi
tapidly in ever' dtiretion, and in this
way rmoeive the supply' of plant fibb" hale
necessary for their gbtroth. While the st
soil may be aull of fertility, if it is ne
hard and compact so that the roots of gore
the plants can not push or make their oter
way through it readily, they will not
be able to obtain the nourishment mind
d they require, and the plants will never coME
r be as thrifty or grow as well.
r, Land in a state of nature tha its best o
s soil on its surface, but in all soil there At b
is more or less latent fertility, that afor
L only needs the astiot of the elements, ton 4
a the air, light, sunshine, rain and frost. crim
SPlowing is the means principally used pays
not only to stir the soil, but to bring myri
If this subsoil to the surface, where it vain
can be subjected to these various ele- tria
y ments. Plowing also aids very mate
e rially to pnlverise the soil and make it
it loose and mellow. It is not advisable We
at oy time to plow too deep at once. lieve
In nearly or quite all cases the espe
best plan of deepening the soil ing
,n is to do it gradually. ploWiti herc
a- a little deeper 'each time. If alrei
'5 the plowing is done in the fall, and the the
planting is not to be done until spfing, tion
more subsoil can be brought to the a so
te surface at one time than when the sires
planting is to be done reasonably soon it is
after the plowing is done. To some eligi
re extent the depth of plowing must be nall
regulated by the character of the soil we
A thin soil is rarely benefited by very bree
°N deep plowing, and if manured up there inve
is no special advantage in turning the at t
manure down deep into the soil. A foll(
Y. soil of this character might be benefited mal
0o by deep stirring of theWil where deep The
plowing that turned the richer top soil the*
down into the ground, and brought fIts
up the poorer subsoil to the surface. tirv
But the plowing should always be mad
thorough. Cutting and covering will grey
not put the soil in' the best condition get
for the reception of the seed, and good bloc
thorough plowing is worth two skim- also
mings. The better the plowing is ly
idone the easier the work of preparing larg
in a prime tilth, and with all crops tios
the better the condition of the soil, eigl
when the seed is sour, the better the will
germination, and the more vigorous tioe
it the start to grow and the better the oris
t yield. mo
r- It pays to use good plows, to keep wi
them sharp so that thorough work can
be done, as a thorough preparation of ItrO
the soil is one of the essentials neces- s
eary to the growing of a good crop.- the
N. J. Shepherd, in Farmers' Magazinea th
GIVING ADVICE. tin,
the
Yarmers Should Learn to bltt the Good I
From the Bad. for
lMany active, energetic men make a hoA
e specialty of giving bad advice to farm
sc. ers, and there are not lacking papers ess
- ready to assist in this species of hum- age
buggery, nor farmers ready to receive ma
these false teachings as the essence of ord
wisdom. This has especial reference the
to those political Jeremiahs who seem is
Sto consider calamities as blessings and
prosperity as inimical to their plans vd
and purposes. These are they who
teach, among a multitude of lalla
-ies that our farmers should not j
diversify their crops, but urge mc
their farms for such special crops sol
as they are best adapted to. and lar
buy other products from other see- pie
tions. Boiled down, this means raise a ,
all the cotton possible, and buy feed of
and food from others or do without. be
) The policy of making the farm self- lac
sustaining has even been denounced as sot
infamous; presumably because its ten- an
dency is to unhorse and disarm these its
knights of rueful countenances and ph.
leave them absolutely without an oc- frc
cupatlon. All this would amount to of
nothing and be unworthy of notice. th,
Sbut for the fact that no sophis- thi
try is so shallow that it finds en
ne adherent, and no nonsense so tea
tranparent as not to fool somebody. eal
There is a streak of credulity a foot co
wide in the mental make-up of many an
good people. One of the most learned pu
men we ever knew, and one of the most riu
conscientious, believed everything he al
heard or read. This is a weakness, c
perhaps, but not a crime, but it affords th
designing men the very opportunity bl
they want, nnd they do not fail to make
the most of it. Of course they know pi
that the most prosperous farmers we sh
have are those who judiciously diversify de
their products, with a view to selling as ,
much anld buying as little as possible, ,
and that the impecuniosity of the one- ce
idea farmer is proverbisl. They also i
know that when all farmers become hi
self-sustaining and contented, some
body's occupation will be gone, and it
will not be that of the farmer. It is
also a fact well known to the agitator
and prophet of evil that the system of
farming they recommend has never in
any country or any age been perma
nently successful. In our own country ce
the wheat farming of the west and the m
cotton farminugof the south are familiar ol
examples; und on the other hand the
stock farmers and truckl and fruit farm- o0
mt a ers of the whole country are examples a
r equally familiar. It it were not for the
O unfounded faith that some people re- si
udbe; pose in their partisan friends it would
lues be unnecessary to notice these false
a teachings, and even under the circum
a stances it seems lilke a waste of time
s n and space; but as this much has been
re written we will let it go.-Texas Farm P
at. and Ranch.
Me'.Vi y Kill stirdst
The so-called open season for
- "sportsmen" is close at hand, and a b
Stimely warning against the danger of (f
the extermination of birds is in order.
4 tor This is 'given in a very clever essay a
ai lately published by F. LeRoy Homer,
Sof Meadville, Pa. From him we learn
DU that a single pair of plant lice can
Sproduce, in about two months, about d
4 ,000,000,000 of their kind; that one fe
male moth can produce in a single
year about 16,000,000 of caterpillars; :
Sthat in France, in two years, one for
ltt lost about 200,000 rose trees from
the larvue of the coekchafer; that in
the iHartz mountains about 1,500,000 9
trees were killed in a few years by the '
bark-boring beetle; that in our
own country, ih spite of all our num
noae ber of birds, something like 5,000,- 1
* 0 t 000 to,00,pa nhelsof wheat alone t
arP aanaal* thyed by insects; that I
Prof. Ta-Oef am idge. proved a
thy esaotupa e a repaobin 0on- I -
3asu~absUt IAG pew tfrlll at ier own c
14mW U*10
niiihite4d' tait th i. ai d itged. bichk:" ul
biimldo destro-f oiabog i6,Oo000 of
Ii tis5ve ryeart thihtibout twenty
. yes. ago such clouds of rssshoppers Oe
Sdedended upon the western stateissu gs.
territaoees $htat inOtuh the food sup-t
Sply. was.tthmstened"'with- entire do
sttietion, but at the tabmbnt of WIgrt'
eat peril large Roelth of behttrfli
inow IQWIlI gullis tppiated, i; B in*
froi- fb .oaf kheir *iliere" :and de- iM
Voteiid the ihrasshppets almost dtith; i p
.di ta.t"s6n, tSi that the crops wv rO u
Sdav4dd aid the Salt Lake prophets
soleanaly declared that the Lord had
sent' these Iesautiful wined messen
gers to save his chosee people. All
these fpets, which have been printed
r over sad over again, are worthy of re=
t publication and should be borne in
mind by thoughtful people in every
r commu.nity, and steps takeb to dhbett
no mtokh is possible the total extne
tioti of these valuable allies of man.
I At best, birdis-song birds especially-
afford very little food, and their wan
ton destruction for "sport" alone is a
crime against nature, which nature re- sin'
pays by the infliction of countless the
t myriads of insect foes, rendering in neve
vain the painful labor of the agricul- be
turist.-liumane World. will
it Cumulaive Inflnence or a Sire. mo
.e We have the -best of reasons to be- few
Sliheve that a great many farmers, and will
e espeelally yroUng farmers, are think- era
i lang of laying the foundation of new poo
g herds atnd flocks. Many of them have
If already begun, atad many more have II
ae the subject under serious considera- a
U, tion. Some of these are liable to make tr
ie a serious mistake -buying Inferior eve
se sires to begin with. -They reason that oe
mn it is better to go slow, buy something JOC
es eligible to record, but cheap, and grad- wOE
ae nally grow into a better heard. While to
I. we do nadtadvise any inexperienced geo
7 breeder t- pay fancy prices, or old
re Invest a large ampunt of money COm
1e at the beginning, we believe that in the
A following the course suggested they I
id make a serious; if not fatal, mistake. bri
DP They forget that in buying the sire mt
il they are laying the foundation for the wit
ht future herd; that thesire has a cumula- or I
e- tive influenos, and that if a mistake is car
be made It b*ill take many years and a bet
Ill great deal of money to rectify it. The neo
n get of a sire will be at least half his ha'
4 blood, and have half of his merits, and ma
n- also of his defects. If the sire is wise- th
is ly chosen his get will have a much at
ig larger proportion. The next genera- tie
ps tion will have a quarter, the next an
ii, eighth, and so on, while individuals
he will appear in the fifth or sixth genera- or
us tion that will be strikingly like the be
he original alre. Hence, it is of the ut- thi
most importance that the. sire be ma
ep wisely chosen, have as few defects as or
on possible, and, above all things else, be lit
strong where the females on which he
es- is to be ased are weak. If otherwise, an
there will be blemishes on the herd
a which can only be corrected by the con- lit
tinous use of sires that do not have '"S
these defects.
'1o It is not necessary to pay fancy prices A
for a first-class sire, either in cattle,
a hogs or sheep. The breeding should rj
n- be unobjectionable, but need not nec- tr.
er essarily run to fancies. With breeding, all
m- against which no objection can be fo
ie made, individual merit of the highest ,
order should be secured. The blood of
ice the race is behind this breeding, and it
em is the blood of the race that counts a
Ind even more than the blood of an iadli
s vidual.--WVallace's Farm and Dairy.
las- Value or stock Pea.. I
not The 6 feet row corn is a very com. nc
rge mon thing In south Alabama. The do
Dps soils in that part of the state are re
Lnd largely composed of sand, and by a
ec- planting their corn in 6 foot rows and w
lse a row of peas in the center, the yield
sed of corn is almost equal to a full crop, ,
ut besides a fair crop of peas on the same
elf- land. The pea is a blessing to this
Ias southland. It will grow on almost
en- any soil or no soil; it obtains most of Ci
ese its nutriment from the atmos- al
Lnd phere, and even takes carbonic acid cc
oc- from the atmosphere and forms bulbs tl
t to of nitrogen upon the roots, to enrich a
ice, the land. The pea is good for many el
his- things It will make good soup and
nds eating for human beings; it will fat- C
so ten hogs and put upon them the sweet- c,
dy est hams ever tasted; it will make the y
Foot cows give gallons of creamery mills a
any and pounds of golden butter;, it will f
ned put flesh on the horse, and it will en
lost rich the land where it produces an
he abundant crop. though the vines be 0
ess, cut as hay. and only the roots left in
wrds the soil. The pea is one of the bes t
pity blessings from God. a
anke As to the question whether sow and w
Row pigs should be turned on peas? we n
we should answer yes; but it may be pru
'ally dent not to let them eat too long at t
gas first until they accustom theirstom- a
ble, achs to the rleh food. There is 22 per i
one- centumn of flesh forming or albumin
also oids in peas, and 58 per cent. carbo- i
ome hlydrates or heat fdrmers. This rich- I
.me- ness is what causes hogs, cows asd t
ad it sheep to put on flesh so rapidly.-
1 is Southern Agriculturist. t
ator
n of HERE AND THERE.
rma- -A yearling sheep that has been
ntr. carefully attended to will sell in the
- the market with as much profit as any
iliar other animal that is kept on the farm. I
the -Always have plenty of cut straw
5rn- or leaves for the hens to scratch in in I
plesa dry place. Feed them there to in- a
the dnce exercise when cold or damp out
ere- side. a
aie - The fruit growing possibilities of 4
this country are immense, and it may
um-almost be said that no section lhais yet
n fully reached its limit of fruit growing
arm possibilities.
-Stock that is allowed to fall off in
condition is always kept at more or
less loss, for it costs as much or more
for than it originally did to put them
ad a back to the weight they have fallen
it of from.
rder. -Twenty thousand head of cattle
Issay are said to he grazing In the Salt River
imer, valley, Arizona. Some will be mar
learn keted on the Pacific coast and most of
can the others sent to Texass for feeding
boUt during the winter. :
ingle -Many a man who is making dairy
liars; ing a side issue, and a much neglected
for- one at that, by keeping safew ill-cared
rom for cows on a good-sized farm, is
t in tonished at the man who can keep a
,000 goodly number on a few acres. The
y the whole secret-is in the man and his in
our tensitled farming.
num- -8peaking of barn-yard manure
,00,- ProL Bailey says there are sound scien
alone tile reasons for the high esteem in
that whih this manure is held. It contains
roved a.the fertilizing elements reqiresd by
dco~a piurtsoiaforms that insure pletlifti
own - °-sa psEm-s, t . nWi.t, ,.
ble~ j ; - -
so me seekyr Oreek Lose o esa tihe MeoE h*re
aL gest0es-'uw Cat*eah ar *h oass bons
per as-es -ade oe mad .5it seme. : *aw
Sioney is as mighty good .ting I olera
Sa k boutY the rig-l
Sand proper-place. fr so
for it. Here follow
lately I have and al
i seen and beard to
a wholeOtremen- looke
dious big sight take
from the papersl Unc
and politicirS oeden
~ n regards to the frth
great question and-a
. of money. Some cent
a' folks say there that
5- ain't enough money floatin around in note'l
a the country. Of -course not. There, that
n sever was enough, and there a ver will away
1- be enough, for everybody. W¥o never broke
will comp to that pass--where the com- you
mon run of people will not want jest a make
a- few more, if you please. Some people
d will get rich and stay rich, whilst oth- T
o- ers will start poor, or git poor, and stay CriTt
w poot. P'or thus it was Written doWn. that
re aooky Creear-Leosit. m
re It raley looks to t-e like if bhere was road
a gracious plenty of money in the coun- man
ty try, and it runnin loose and free so ot a
r every man could go and help himself, and
-g you understand, the general machinery wher
dg would soon run down and stop. Accordin whea
le to my doxology, it ain't money, but the after
id general hankerin after it that holds this ..Y
or old government down and keeps up a swat
constant hummin and hustlin all along the
in the line. goin
I bare likewise also took notice in my ,
e. bruisin around that whensom.ever a will
re than goes forth to raise a mighty muse then
he with the government for more money, you
La- or some particular sort of money, you
is cn most in generally bet your Sunday g
a boots that man never made any money, a m
he never had any money, and never will amo
its have any to speak of. If you could am
ad manage so as to work up a few bets o
m- that line it would pay you better than 6I
h a thousand stump speeches on the ques- Ogi"
m' tion of money. pl,4
So far as I know there ain't but three man
or four ways to git money. You mought a
he be born into it, you mought git some- sal
qt- thin in the way of boot when you
be marry, you can work for it and earn it,
as or you can steal it. But git out your den
be little note book pow and set this down: and
he You can't take your hamper basket and
se, and go and git somethin for nothin. gini
,rd When I was a boy we use to sing a
'n- little song that started off as follows:
te "'Where greenbacks grow on white oak trees,
And the rivers flow with brandy, don
Where the streets are paved with chicken pie,
yes And the girls are sweet as candy."
le. But as yet I never have been able to tall
ild round myself up in that pleasant coun
ec- try. The general combination is quite is I
2g, altogether too gorgeous like and rich and
be for a plain and common old plug like I
me. jun
lof So long as a dollar will buy a dollar's
dit worth of dry goods and groceries, with if y
ntsa bottle of vegetable matter thrown in sort
idi- for good measure. you understand, and am
so long as I can keep a few of the docu- Cor
moents put away in my old sock, I am
)m- not the man to go out and kick up a big ga
The dust with the general government in
are regards to money matters. And it don't Tol
by make a continential bit of difference wit
tnd with me whether my share comes in wo
eld gold, or silver or paper. At our house pol
op. money is money every day in the year.
hi Vhen ltoney Wase Plenty.
But I have seen the times, fellow Pal
tot citizens, when there wasmoney a plenty wil
nos. and to space in this great and growin wi
tcid country. And some of these old stagers nay
libs that have now got the snow and hay up
rich seed in their hair never can live long
any enough to disremember that time.
and When the bottom dropped out of the
fat. Confederate government naturally of of
est- course our money went- up the spout. wa
the We then had more money than most I
nill anything else. You could get your hat mC
will full of money for a barlow knife or a let
en- plug of sorry tobacco. You could sell of
an one square meal for $50 spot cash. mi
There was dead oodles of money in
t in
them days, you understand, but it took ki
a heap of pushin to make it go, and it wi
and wouldn't fetch much when it went. It Pig
we must of been somewhat like the old lie
pro- man up in the hill country said about on
g at the State bank money-"too durn new, frr
ton- and too much of a kind." It was sorter m
per like the man that went to town after T
main nothin and took along his ox cart to sc
rbo- haul it homs in. Right along there on
icl- before it passes out of my mind I- want be
ad to say that another old-fashion shootin, t
Ly.- fghtin, killin war would be a good E
thing to make some men out of simlin
beaded dudes, and put a stopto the
general howlabout "'hard times" and k
been "skeerce money."
the In them dark and tryin days when t
any honey was so tremendins plenty and
arm, times so almighty hard to spend I made s
traw one trade that put me ahead of the t,
i in hounds, as it were, with time to spare
o in- and no fences to climb. I sold a piney h
out- woods farm over in the bills for $2,500
and bought a plantation down on Deer
a of Creek for $2,300. I sold out to old man
may Billy Stringer and took his note for the a
a yet money. Then I bought from Tobe
wing Crittenden and give him my note-no
waverly note, no mortgage and no lien, a
ff in you understand, but jest a plain, hon
*e or est, everyday, HIardshell Baptist note.
more Trhen ray Dawy Come. t1
Lhem All of the papers in the two trades f
allen fell due alowg in the fall, and that was P
the last year of the war. The govern
attle ment was now ruther shaky at the
River knees and money was easy and plenti- e
mar- ful as pig tracks. VWhen pay day ame ii
mt of old man Billy Stringer's horse was tied a
up to the rack at our front gate before
breakfast, and the old man come right 11
lairy- down to business as soon as be could.
rd- "I have come over this mornin to
is -- take up my note, Rufus," says he. d
sep a "WVell, I am thunderin glad to see
The you, Uncle Billy." says I. I
is in- "But I atint got nothin but Confed
erate money," Le went on. "1 didn't
anre come to force it on you, but I will only d
cidn- say I have got it bere in my wallet for
m in you if you want it." I
•taila *I am still bettin on the gray jacket·
rt by of the South as agin -the blue coats of
ithun the North," says I, "and what is money i
' i -t DIb9hIl p..s B1inr is-- ier i
8 o -eeseas ce-s thO stEufputtshe
anot. sis"h s.po ket aatrod .: 0e4;o Gsa.w
horme..t-.
it so ese': toperl that o4 ine
Jr T a)I" Jernigan was over to ny
honua that day .Wei -'old man Billy
Some for a seitlemenf. Old man Jere
rlsh twas ay yonder.the most. ribest
unSE in the county sand .had lots of
aney6 tiensed out on short time and
ios intetest. i. wei alweiadi fee Sme
t tolerable ski~ditii abot Confederate $a
f atgny: - thougI he solduit keep tfrom
Sakin -it as long as it went with eriV.f
body else. snt he was powerful anaiona
for somebody to refuse it, so be could oo
follow suit and call for nothin but gold yo.u
and silver when people he had loaned HoW
to come to take up their notes. He
looked at me with a nervious, dont-youn Cue
t ake-it sort of a look that day when He is t
Uncle Billy showed down-with his Con- pose."
federate money, But I could see some so mu
I further ahead than the efll of my nose, Tea
l and-so the wink didn't work worth a go to
* cent with mo. I didn't go and forget rates.
' that Tobe Crittenden was holdin my A
n note for 02,800, and I wanted to bring abrow
' that note home with me and put it "Gra
it away good before the whole country Tea
'r broke away from Confederate money. so art
' You can see how it was that I couldn't Or
I make the first break and save myself. made
O . After That lardshell INte.
Tbhe very next day my note to Tobe
Crittenden fell due, so bright and early
that mornin I saddled up and mounted
m, dfag and started of after it. The
as road to ''obe's place took me right by old
n- man Jeremiah Jernigan's, and when I
got along there the old -man come out
* and hailed me and wanted to know
ry where I was bound for. I told him
in where I was goin and what 1 was goin
after.
is "You would better let your horse
a swap ends for home right here," says
ag the old man. "Tobe Crittenden aint
goin to take your Confederate money."
ny "Well, if he don't take tt," says I, "it
Leewill be because you have been down
there and put him up to refusin, and if
o you want a heap older than me I would B
ay give you my plain, personal opinions of tem
sya man that would play a game like that ii
ill amongst his friends and neighbors. I e
am on my way to Tobe Crittenden's,
and I am goin after that note." the
an "And I'll jest bet my mare mule Kit the
eas. gin the sorriest steer calf on your lam
place that you don't fit it," says old rem
ee man Jeremiah. I'
"ht "I'll tr.ke that bet if I loose," says I, in t
e shakin hands with him to clinch it. ant
ou "Good mornin, Uncle Jerry." atil
it, When I hove in sight of the Critten- dia
>ur den place Tobe he was walkin fast up ae
vn: and down his front piaza, and smokin It I
ket and puffin with his pipe like a steam en- me'
gine. pro
g a '-Good mornin, Tobe," says I. ne)
"Good mornin, sir," says he. en
"*You needn't too make out like you
don't know me," says I, "cause I was
e' warmin up at his cold and highferlutin Ifs
to talk." Co
un- "Yes, I do know you," says he. "WThat pa
rite is Rufus Sanders. Light and git down ani
ilob and come in." AC
ike I went in and let him know from the
jump that I had come after that note.
ar's "'You can git it," says he, "providin
rith if you have come heeled with the right
in sort of rocks, but lot me tell you now, I
and am not goin to take any of your durn
ou- Confederate money."
am "What was old man Jeremiah Jernt
big gan doin down here yesterday?" says I.
in "He was down here on business," says
an't Tobe, "but that aint got nothin to do
nee with your durn Confederate money. I
in wouldn't touch it with a forty-foot
,use pole."
ear. "Well and good, Mister Crittenden,"
says I, "but you have got to sign a
low paper refusin to take it. A man that
inty talks as big as you do ought to be
win willin to put it in black and white."
Tobe lowed he was willin to sign als
ers name, and we went in the house to Rx
o up the paper.
That -Daurn UDetiouarr Document."
the Sorry spellin has always been one
of of my mainost weak pints. I al
out. ways would spell a word accordin to the
nost way it sounds. My spellin is done
hat mostly by ear, as it were, and if the
or a letters don't run along with the sound
sell of the word I am more than probable to
ash. make a mess of it.
y in Now Tobe Crittenden was good and
took kind-hearted, but at the same time he
ad it was one of these nervious, restless, sus
It picious sort of men. lie wouldn't be
old lieve his own dear daddy on a Bible
bout oath, and hie wouldn't trust his best
new, friend as far as you could throw a camp
orter meetin by the tail. And besides that,
after Tobe was monstrous dull in books. The
,rt to school teachers use to say that the
here onlyest way toputany learninin Tobe's
want head was to split the thing open, put
otin, the book in it and sew the whole bust
good ness up.
nlin- It was my job to write the paper, and
the I didn't go so very far before I struck a
and knot and called for a dictionary. Tobe
went and got the book and then wanted
then to know what I was goin to do with it.
and "I have struck a hard word to spell,"
made says I, "and I need the book to pull me
the through."
par "Look a here, Rufe Sanders," says
iney he, "don't you go and put nothin in that
',50o paper which I can't understand."
Deer "I will read it out when I git through,"
man says I to Tobe, "and make every word
r the as plain as a painted borse rack."
Tobe But at the same time I saw right
s-no where Tobe's weak pint come in, and
lien, after that I would write a few words
hon- and then pull the dictionary on him.
He was walkin around in his nervious,
note. fretful way, and every time I picked up
the book he would shake his fist and
rades foam at the mouth and tell me not to
Swas put nothin in the paper that he couldn't
nnderstand. J told him over and over
vern- to hold on till I got through and then I
I the would read it out loud to him and make
lenti- everything clear as a bell and plum sat
came isfactional. But Tobe he was dancin
a tied around by this time like a man with
fore the seven years itch. Presently be
brought himself up quick and suddent
right in front of me and said, says he:
"ld. 'Hold on right there, Rufe Sanders!
ain to Blamed it I wouldn't ruther take your
durn Confederate money than your darn
dictionary document."
to see Henceforwards from that time on I
have told mother that she hadn't ought
anfed- to take on so about my bad spellin. It
didn't s a weak pint 1 know, "ut you can see
where it saved us 02,300 with that 'durn
1 only diotionary document."
Let for Now then, to acut she story short; when
I went to sleep that night the note
which Tobe Crittendan had been boldin
ke on me was safe at the bottom of the
ate of family hbest, whilst old man Jernigan's
noney mae male . Kit waJ lookia to me for her
eak9 Wr sn te44*r, Bmvs iSM4 um.
t rE
Bas satbefore me at the play,
.Sh.-Te wias s beaut . ' i
The house wasuluu, w ar wtst s 1
yoU lor that suitV' "No-nE -"W .I m
iow did that hapipent' ".He udn't ear -
it. Ipaid him'for it'"-Detroit Free Press.
Cusrosaaar"What bas beooWs of your as- h
mistent"' Barber-" Started for himself.
He i tired of working by the day, esup
pose." Customer-"I thou_ht ,yon am
so much a thousand words. L .
Tosa are ssany persons : who will never
go to heaven, except they o at excursion
rates.-Texas Siftiapgs.
A MoTIO- i Hun MwD.-"WbIuiW be west
abroad he threw up him entire business."
"Gra"cious, What a passage i"--L.fe
Tns greatest truths are the simplest, aad
s are the greatest men.--O re.
Or plain, sound sense llie's current coi is
made.-Young.
3 _
IKNOWLEDGE
t Brings comfort and improvement and
if tends to personal enjoyment when
,t rightly use The many who live bet
e ter thanothers and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the word's best products to
the neet of bysicarl being, will attest
it the value to health of the pure liquid
ir laxative principles embraced in the
d remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its prementing
in the form most acceptable and pless
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect la
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds headaches and fevers
P and permanently curing constpation.
n It has pven satisfaction to millions and
- met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kids
neym, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
,u every objectionable substance.
aSyrup of Figs is for sale by all drug.
gists in 5Oc and1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on ever/
at package, also the name, Syrup of Figg
rn and being well informed,on willno
accept any substitute if orn
Served
Him
Right
"You can take that soap
right back and change
it for Clairette Soap.
I would not use any
other kind."
Every woman who has
CLAIRETTE OAP.
knows it is without an equal. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
*
Exhausted Soils
are made to produce larger and better crops by the
* use of Fertilizers rich in Potash.
S "Vritc for our "Farmers' Guide." a x42-page ililstrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI \VORKS, 93 Nassa Street, New York.
- N ' L - " ,T the OLD reliable,
UNAN'S LINIMEN STD REMEDY
- u Headache, Toothache;
`lt "Rheum atism and PAINS generally.
S G. W. GUNTER CLnrrowvr.LEl. ALA., says: "I have found DUNCAWNS LIMMENT
to be the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw."
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and' MULES It Is a " DEAD SHOT."
t wu Ains'UPAwAeTWR a. eM , Pora.ssee., a wAsyVILLm. TZsn.
borrowing from health.
S1 T If you have borrowed from
to F' health to satisfy the demands
Id of business, if your blood is
l? not getting that constant
supply of fat from your 0ood
it should have, you must
and the somewhere will be
from the fat stored up in
S _ the body.
I The sign of this borrowing is thinness; the result, nerve
hi waste. You need fat to keep the blood in health unless you
es want to live with no reserve force--live from hand to mouth.
ScorTTr's EMULSION of Cod-liver Oil is more than a medicine.
em It is a food. The Hypophosphites make it a nerve food,-too,
In It comes as near perfection as good things ever come in thit
he world.
S's G e streS rt S Scoff smskl o n~ast.. ad .r a ebA*.
" Scott a -wno¢, New Yak & apmsl.. a -
A 4v
n 9ohsor: Sara~~
I N s knot-It li
ifornulsisl*SI abu.
Ia ll ý +t
pU .it MIOM URA
HmgNTwMus
ndustrriii arid Fed
atE f: Eu iSW Of Il
alEsag°
catin'a
SOLD CV CCOOENS ORtlWsn a.
wLni um, aL U" . IUESL I l. MmI
Ma W IN r» WOW. -
TUB I.IUNG SUM
sroVB POI.M i
blackin of astove.
rg P sUB PASIr
h 6In for a cui k
t fsoli at.dinner shine.
T I WeC aPped~r tad psi
f ised witha cloth.
t s gam,. FPr..'... Canton. =ma.. V.A.
0 WANTED oh for ol
COINS . C as o~s"
O o s 72 1 wie otih dates. 4a
NATIONAL ZA.1w.= Cob: anal de i
C aGoin like wild-tee. Bend 35 s for vlal c
'd CAlflYUI HOTEL L *
I'.10s0 SM51 BMVVS D TO.*0 ease FDaAY.
f A. . S.. F 157S
SWUUW WE33350 10 AUVDKTZSKIIS PIZtASE
gones that you saw the Adeeutl~emaet to this
are.