a-s
r ns omp-N"a sa
'teeatrs' sad
Iroad o.to i 'tLet@ te
sOutes; o ue. tkie tie ba
-eo New Orleske, `aed that is
'foil wrd lolders, showing time of
sad coanectionsaod m etsU d
of the oabtry. I1 cyl oaoteum
gto to T sitwill pay you to write
your rwants wilbe givea nprompt at
tion. r. W t Tay. woas. Agent r
sA. AB Gag.Laeu,
ern"isd - Houme,
a:I r B -l. lWIL Snt. Soth
aTdG adter.hi best girl left for s sum
a c41. l countryo Algeruon went into a
S. oo tm to buy r. Burton Harrison's
S:ieI .Balls Out of Tune." But he was
Sbsdha ,.d .Raud asked for "Sweet Belies
,. "Outo Town.' -B.artord Courant
~: -~ 3 Rg Youw route te ChiLege.
oerviELv TH ONILY LIs r'inning solidi
. esstilled trains direct to the World's'F'sir
- a'ounds and stopping at the Exposition
"-P OSITIVLY 'Um ONLY LINE makingoonnee
;fi slon Central Uniou Station, incinnati
'; -wi~ih-trai n/ of the- L. & r. It. ., Q. a& C.
: B. T., V. & G. UR., and Kentucky Cen
an'  L-R.v. and C. & O. It., avoiding the dim
toae geeble ti nsaer necessary v iother lines.
- WSITIVZLT TI t ONLYt LINS landing tpssen
S neasat Sulutr.ba Stations in Chicago-con
-:1dlnsins to all World's Fair Hotelsa men
'Boarding Houses. No transfer of passen
s" - gers or baggage.
Ask for tickets via Tun Bdo FORn Routs
and be sudre you get. them. D. B. MA~TIe,
S.en'lPass. Agent, Cinciunnati, 0.
Hr-"How many bridesmaids are you
going to have, dearest," 8he-"None."
V', , He-"Why, I thought you bed set your
hearton it.'" She-" hbed; but from present
indications the girls Iwant wil all be ser
r ried Brst."-Lie.
S ..ALL's CATAIIIin Cas is a liquid and is
ta :. ken internally, and acts directly on the
blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
- Write for testimonials, free. Manufactured
..y F. J. Cn-U & & Lo., Toledo, O.
lhbe sHome Medicine
Is what Hood's Sarsapa
rills may well be called,.
S because of the benefit
whbdle families derive
from it. Henry C. Rich
Sanrdson of Sllosm, N. Y.,
says that he and his
wife have been wonder
fully benefited by Hood's
Richardson. Sarsaparilla. Mrs. R.
was miserable all the tinae with kidney
eeiotaplaint but began improving when she
tad taken 5hood's arsaparullla one week.
and after taking three bottles was perfectly
sured.
Hood's Pills are the beat after-dfinnerPfl3,
assist digestion, cure headache. Try a box.
CURES DYSENTERY
CHOLERA INPANTUM,
AND AL
AFFECTIONS OF THE BOWELS.
Centlemen :-We laorv use Lour irodie's Cor
dial in our family for some time past, and are
perfectly ratislied with its effects. Would aot
willingly do without it. RcspectTullv,
J. .. Roswsog.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE. SOo. and I1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
New eslaas. I.a
THEl BEST ...
... ON EAlRTH.
-HORSE SBOE
PLUO.
EVERYBODY OHEWS IT I
"German
tegis ~blanc is a Ernch CCana
dian store keeper at Notre Dame de
Stanbridge, Quebec, Can., who was
citred of a severe attack ofCongest
ionm of the Lungs by Boschee's Ger
i': man Syrup. He has sold many a
bottle of German Syrup on his per
rosmnl recommendation. If you drop
iim a line he'll give you the full
a:_e-ts of the case direct, as he did us,
al d that Boschee's German Syrup
a brought him through nicely. It
2 -''as. will. It.is a good medicine
.... hiorough in its work. g
SWARN IN
,,b I-... . ....
a s**a * t*a asr c :
0s~tbe
Wi~isaaidL -~
*"eoL-- e M.eseg Mae e ,e ma i
smoregs-f A Goliqat Uqtea' erthe
sory at Weers wise.
IseI Ohicese corroroesaefa1
if we accept as eonelusire the ver
dict of the distinguished people who
have seen the world's fair we 'InS rest
assured that in all the history of
world's fairs there never yet has been
one so grand and imposing as our Co
lumbian exposition. In the enthuitas
tie praises which have been lavished
upon it by. those of exalted station
there has not been one dissenting
voioe, and among the vast number of
intelligent,human beings who -have
thronged the wgnderfutl city there
have been few tbi detract and none to
ignorae In act it we except a few dis
gruntled indllals , who have some
personal spite or'-gtievance in conse
quence of being overlooked `r. slighted
in the distribution of favors, we may
- I
FREQUENT VISITORS.
say that in the opinion of all, both
high and'low, who have seen the fair it
is the greatest, grandest exhibition the
world Iras ever seen.
The royal visitors from abroad have
been astounded at the magnitude and
grandeur of the enterprise. They bed
heard a great deal about it and were
prepared to find a pretty big show bore
in Chicago, but when their eyes beheld
the splendor of the White City great
was their surprise and admiration.
They were still further surprised
when they visited our great city. Al
though they had passed through some
of the older cities of the east they
found much in Chicago to make them
OMI
EDUCATIONAL RXHCIBITS.
appen their eyes, and the entertainment
they received here in our "wild and
woolly west" was such as to afford
them a fruitfl topic for discussion
when they return to the palatial halls
of their ancestors.
Many prominent men and women of
our own country have come and gone
and every one of them has left with the
impression that nothing was lacking to
make of the fair a complete success.
And the impression was no mistaken
one, to judge from the later reports
from official sources. Everything points
to a good interest on world's fair stock
just at present, and there is little likeli
hood of any falling off in the receipts
during the remainder of the fair season.
It has been said that the Columbian
exposition of 1893 will be one of the
A JAVANESE OFFICIAL.
greatest educators of the people that
has ever arisen in this country. The
leading artists and artisans view with
great pride and satisfaction the work
of young Americans and predict for
sculpture and art a glorious future in
the west. And they are undoubtedly
warranted in their predictions, as a
careful serutiny of the products of
American genius at the fair will prove.
In this connection we may fitly quote
the words of the Philadelphia Ledger
in reference to the grand exhibition,
which says:
"Irrespective of the historical, selen
tith or irtistie lessons it has to impart,
it is a grand exhibition,- appealing to
every one's sense of beauty, and to
every one's interest in things curious.
The buildings are marvels of archi
teetural dignity and beauty and so vari
ous in their styles and so richly orna
mented with seulptured figures as to
affoed the keenest delight to the eye.
Within , the beautiful structures ate
tens of thousands of objects to delight
the +e or' Inorm 0h aniad. il is th*
colleges and mohools whicoh demontrate
the wonderful progre s made in the de
partment of learning during the last
quarter of a century. In the education
al section of the Manufactures building
are to be found these valuable and in
teresting evidences of the growth of
knowledge in our land,and anyone that
leaves e fair without visiting this dis
play will miss one of it best features.
Some of the strange costumes worn
by the foreigners at the fair occasion
conslderable merriment among the
young folks. On the Midway Paisancee
the other day a segre of grinning youths
surrounded one of the members of the
Javanese community and held him pris
oner for a few moments while they
made sport of his clothing. The liceorice
colored victim of their curiosity stood
the joke good-naturedly as far as his
apparel was concerned, but when they
got to poking him in the ribs and step
ping on his toes, he rebelled and broke
through the line that surrounded him
and made his escane.
Among the "most deeply-interested
visitors at the fair are a number of In
dians from a neighboring show. They
devote all their spare time to sight
seeing among the wonders of the "heap
big show." It is qutite evident that
they also enjoy the public interest
which ,their appearance never fails to
excite. Garbed in all the trappings of
their wild life, they pose and parade
for the benefit of the gaping crowds
,about them.
One of the most delightful features
of the fair is the singing chorus of
children, which gives a concert each
week. There are twelve hundred lit
tle people in the chorus who have been
carefully trained by Prof. Tomlins, of
Chicago. Their childish voices make
grand music as they wake the echoes
of Music hall. Prof. Tomlins has la
bored long and patiently with his
chorus of little folk, but he has reason
to feel proud of it, for it is undoubtedly
one of the finest ever gotten together.
The Agricultural building, which has
been somewhat behind the others in
filling up, is now the favorite resort of
a vast throng of interested visitors
each day. The exhibits of the different
states art exceedingly fine, and in the
arrangement and decoration of the
many booths exquisite taste is shown.
There are in this building some fea
tures of rare interest, among them be
ing the mammoth cheese from Canada,
weighing eleven tons, and the wonder
ful chocolate pavilion, which is con
structed of thirty thousand pounds of
brown chocolate.
A story is going the rounds about a
man who wandered into the Flectricity
building a day or two ago and was
taken away shouting crazy. It was
said that he stood before a pavilion in
which cut glass in myriad forms throws
back the reflection of many incandes
cent lights. From the roof of the
pavilion towers a pillar eighty-two
feet. For a few seconds this is a pillar
of ruby light. Then it changes to
white light, and next to purple. With
the regularity of clockwork the trans
formation of color goes on, but always
the pillar of light made by five thou
sand lamps is there. And each lamp
has the power of six candles. On top
of the column is a bulb six feet high
Thirty thousand bits of crystal go to
make up the bulb. The expert and
eight assistants were six weeks putting
the bits together. Through this glass
flash the most powerful electric burn
ers. Here is a base of dazzling scintil
lations, a column of evyr-changing
color, an apex of fire. Of the twenty
fc-ur thousand horse-power which the
management has provided for the en
tire fair, seventeen thousand horse
power is set apart for the manufacture
of electricity for various purposes. The
pillar of light eats up electrical energy
at the rate of fifteen hundred horse
power. Before this pillar stood the
man, a plain farmer, when the current
was turned on. He saw that eighty
feet of solid brUliancy blaze out and
then die away. He stood as if chained.
Once or twice he put his hand to his
face. Somebody who saw he was
peculiarly affected started to speak to
him. He raised his arms and with a
terrible yell fell forward on his face.
Two guards picked him up. Shouting
at the top of his voice he started on a
wild race over dynamos and wires and
motors. Five guards caught him and
overpowered him. All the way to the
station he fought and shouted. Then
he became calm. "I'll tell you how it
was," he said. "Somebody has stuck bot
tles (meaning the incandescent globes)
all over that post. I am not to blame.
I don't know how those bottles came
there. There are millions of them.
They were all right at first, but the
devils poured red fire in them. Don't
hurt me. I had nothing to do with it."
How true this story is we cannot say,
but the spectacle referred to is enough
to dazzle anyone, and when the wires
are manipulated, as they are in most
wonderful fashion, the effect is simply
paralyzing in its magnificence.
Tamanare three liberty bells One is
the original which rang out indepen
dence. beside which a big Philadelphia
policeman stands night and day to keep
patriots from chipping pieere to carry
away. Another is made of Pennsyl
vania ~Wa. wheat and oats so deftly
t together as to imitate the crack in
rg al. And the third is of Calk *
oranes, oleo with a o~rack.
.he world's fair were abandonei them
easme to the front a man the b name
of Pernis ,who had what edulona
e termeda monstrous wbeel-in his
Mr. Ferris became theoobject of
much ridicule on account of a pet proj
eet of his, which was to build a. big
wheel which would carry passengers to
an altitude of 970 feet. His plan was
regarded as- exceedingly visionary, but
after frequent rebuffs he succeeded in
obtaining a permit to put up his wheel
in the Midway Plaisance. The work
was begnn last March and has just
reached suceeasful completion sad has
been put in operation
Its highest.point is 965 feet above the
surface of the earth. The diameter is
250 feet, and the circumference s5.. the
entire thing being raised 15 feet above
the ground.
In reality there are two wheels,
twins. 80. feet apart, but it takes
them both to make the Ferris wheel
These twins are connected by iron rods
and strata which do not approach
nearer than 20 feet to the periph
ery. Outside of these rods the ears
are hung and supported by steel bars
of about five inches in thickness extend
ing from one wheel to the other. Each
wheel has for its outline a curved iron
beam 253 by 19 inches. Forty feet in
side is another beam, forming a smaller
circle. Frodn these beams or circles
TrE PEIRIS WHEEL.
extends the massive iron truss work
which holds them together. The
axle on which the great wheel turns
is a steel bar 82 inches thick and 4.5 feet
long. It is fastened to each of the twin
wheels in a steel hub 16 feet in diam
eter. All of this great mass, the hubs
and the two circles, is held together by
23-inch steel rods, arranged to run out
in pairs from the axle to spread 18 feet
apart at the circumference.
There are thirty-six cars on the
wheel, each capable of comfortably
seating forty people. The cars are 27
feet long, 15 feet wide and 9 feet high,
and each one weighs 18 tons.
The wheel, with its passengers,
weighs 1,200 tons. The whole thing
rests on two pyramidal towers at the
axis. The towers are 140 feet high,
40 by 50 feet at the base and 6 feet
square at the top. Each tower has 4
feet resting on 20-foot cube concrete
foundations. Underneath these are
crossbars of steel. The motive power
comes from a 1,000-horse power steam
engine under the wheel. It will find no
difficulty in revolving the wheel and
the passengers as fast as the latter
want to go. There is a brake on, how
ever, to regulate the speed and stop
everything in case of danger. The
wheel is moved by cogs on the periph
ery passing over a chain that looks
like a mammoth bicycle chain. In the
construction every precaution has been
taken against accident.
RELICS OF OLD MEXICO.
Wonderful Exhibit Opened in the Anthro
pological Section.
Rich in relics and ruins of a civiliza
tion that long antedated the coming of
Columbus, and which runs back beyond
the ken into the prehistoric period of
the world, Mexico is the first to open a
display in the Anthropological build
ing. The event occurred a few days
ago, but was unattended by any cere
monies, though hundreds gained ad
mission to see the wonders that have
been exhumed, and ancient utensils
and weapons which the Indians of Mex
ico use.
As Prescott says in his "Conquest of
Mexico," the Spaniards encountered a
civilization in Mexico superior to their
own in all save the art of destruction,
and in the Mexican anthropological
collection there are numerous remnants
of this superior civilization in antique
pieces of architecture, pottery and war
weapons, while other evidences have
been accurately reproduced from de
tails written in descriptions given by
Cortez and his scrivenera Among the
reproductions in miniature are the tem
ples of Xochicalco and Xicotenatl,
which were great pyramidal structures'
after the Egyptian style of architeo
ture.
Besides the war shields of the
Caciques of the army of Guatomatnm,
who fought Cortez, other weapons and
such antiques as sacrificial stones, there
are among the collections articles of
wear, palm leaf capotes, gaudy colored
cotton cloth tebases, straw sandals and
other parts of the costumes of the differ
ent kinds of Indians still inhabiting
Mexico, together with the old-fashioned
utensils they used to grind corn, the
simple loom and wooden plow. Home
life in the tropical part of the country
is illustrated in a thatched and grass
made cottage, while a farmhouse is
built of adobe to keep out the cold. The
collection is large, varied and.interest
ing, and is exhibited at Prof. Putnam's
solicitation by Col. George Mi. Greene,
a Pennsylvanian, who has become thor
oughly Mexicanized by thirty or more
years' residence in the City of Mexico.
He has been assisted by his wife in
making the selections, and she helps in
presenting and explaining them to the
public.
'fg tower of oranges from southern
California is thirty feet high and five
feet in diameter. At a little distance it
looks like a solid mass. The oranges
are put on as veneering. Each orange
rests upon a little wire loop which
keeps it from pressing against any
other. At the base of the tower is a
box with a slot in it The person who
guesses the number of oranges on the
tower and deposits a slip will get a box
of oranges when the fair is over, sent
free to address given.
A urcmHINE which saws stone without.
teeth is operated h, the Mining build
ing. Little pellets of chilled east iron,
mixed with loam and water, anre fed
tkronuh the taw-.ut sam doibte srman
1You want the Bet
Royal Baking Powder never disao s nt;
never makes sour, soggy or .husk
never spoils 'good materials; never 4eaves
~,lumps of alkali in the biscuit or cake; while
all these things do happen with the beat of
- cooks who cling to the old-fashioned
" methods, or who use other baking powders.
If you want the best food, Royal
Baking Powder is indispensable.
SNOW-CAPPED HEIGHTS.
geme Olbervatlons Taken on the BaSmmi
of Mount Blane.
Some exceedingly interesting ob
servations on the peculiar condition of
snow on the tops of lofty xhountains
have been made in connection with the
attempt to found a meteorological and
astronomical observatory on the sum
mit of Mount Blanc. It looked at one
time as though the undertaking would
have to be abandoned, because it was
assumed that a rock foundation for the
proposed building was indispensable,
and the snow proved to be so deep that
the rock could not be reached But M.
Janssen, the French astronomer who
conceived the project of a Mount Blanc
observatory, was not discouraged.
He gave the world a taste of his qual
ity, indeed, as long ago as 1870, when
he escaped from Paris in a balloon,
sailing over the heads of the besieging
Germans, in order to go and witness a
total eclipse of the sun. So intrepid a
spirit was not to be easily baffled by a
little snow on a mountain.
M. Janssen accordingly began to
make some experiments. He piled up
a little snow mountain, and by means
of pressure brought the snow to the
degree of density possessed by that on
the peak of Mount Blane.
Then he erected a structure consist
ing of leaden disks upon the snow, and
watched the extent to which its weight
caused it to sink. The sinking was so
very slight that M. Janssen concluded
that an observatory building about
thirty-three feet long and sixteen feet
wide-the desired size-and weighing
as much as two thousand tons, might
be erected upon the snow on Mont
Blanc without sinking more than a few
centimeters.
The foundation timbers will be pur
posely sunk some distance below the
ordinary surface of the snow, and it is
calculated that there they will remain
substantially without change of posi
tion. In case any sinking does occur
a system of jackscrews will enable the
inmates of the observatory to readjust
its level.
The fact that the crowning snow cap
of Mont Blanc is so stable is very inter
esting. Although it is exposed to the
winds from every side, the observations
of several years have detected very
slight alterations in it.
It has frequently been said that con
siderable uncertainty must exist as to
the precise height of snow-tipped moun
tains, owing to changes in the level of
the snow. But so far as these observa
tions on - ont Blanc go, it would ap
pear that snow may form almost as un
alterable a summit for a mountain as
the solid rock itself.-Youth's Compan
ion.
MILITARY MEN AND MATTERS.
Tux mercantile and armed natives
of the world have 1,609,000 seamen.
OF the seven full generals who were
in the confederate army none are now
living.
THE Pennsylvania national guard
will not visit the world's fair, but will
hold the usual state encampment.
THE officers of the Swedish navy are
considered as military officers, and in
full dress are obliged toawear spurs.
Da. DELAVAN IiLOODGOOD, U. S. N.,
who became widely known on account
of his striking resemblance to the late
James G. Blaine, is to be retired in
August.
THn big cruiser Philadelphia is off
for a three years' cruise. When she
reaches the western coast of South
America she will receive orders send
ing her to Honolulu or Samoa.
WHEN the new minister to Germany,
Mr. Theodore Runyon, presented him
self to the court of Berlin with his cre
dentials, he dazzled beholders by ap
pearing arrayed in the uniform of
major general of the New Jersey na
tional guards.
PEOPLE OF LONDON.
MRs. TEMPLE, wife of the bishop of
London, is a shorthand writer.
PRIxCESS MAY'S wedding ring will be
made from a half-ounce nugget of gold,
the gift of Welsh miners.
WVLLx.AI WAV.LOEF Asron has recent
ly bought the estate of Cliveden, on the
banks of the Thames, of the duke of
Westminster and will become a citizen
of London.
Anavun BsAwoun says that his
greatest political help comes from his
siste. Agnes, who is his housekeeper.
Each day she devotesa fixed amount of
time to reading the newspapers and
markidn whatia useful for his purpose.
A BEDERNTARY OCOTPATýOB,
r plenty of siting
down and not
much exercise,
ought to have Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant
Pellets to go with
They absolutely
e tiny, suc
corrective, a regultor a gentle laxative.
They're the mallest, the easiesito take,
and the. most ,uiuuz remedy-no reac
tion iafterward. SicLk.Headache, 3Bi s
Headaphe Indigestlon, Bllious Attacks,
and all stomach end bowel dderanen ;
Sre prevented, relieved and earen.
h;
That Terrible Ueearge.
Malarial disease s invariably supplemeit
edby disturbance of the liver, the bowels,
the stomach and the nerves. To the remov
al of both the cause and its efecte Hoseet
ter's Stomach Bitters is fully adequate. It
"llis the bill" as no other remedy does,
performing its work thoroughly. Its in
gredients are pure and wholesome, and it
admirably serves to build up a system
broken by ill health and shorn of strength.
Constipation, liver and kidney complaint
and nervousness are conquered by it.
Govsanwmai detectives in soie of the
"moonshine" districts carry kodabl with
them to secure evidence. -Teymi up
many a little bit of still life.-Phildepia
Ledger.
"Dc law," says Uncle Mos "am a
mighty brickile thing. Whenebber a man
takes it inter his own hands he am she' to
break it."-Indianapohs Journal.
HoasrFLesa is dearer than beef or mutttn
in Paris. The same is true in America
when you happen to put your money on the
wrong horse.-Boston Transcript.
"IT is the biggest thing I ever struck."
Whatt Why, the business advertised in an
other column by B. F. Johnson & Co., Rioh
mend, Va. If you are open to engagement
write them. They can show you a good
thing.
"How uaU you feeling nowt" said Jones
to Smith as the latter leaned over the side
of the boat. "Retch-edly," gasped Smith.
Lowell Courier.
A SALLOW skin acquires a healthy clear
ness by the use of Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
Oux Johnny isn't quite sure of the year of
the battle of Gettysburg, but you can't
feaze him on the day end hour of the Sun
-ay school picnic.-Elmira Gazetee.
Iv drowsyafter sa good night's sleep, there
is indigestion and stomach disorder which
Beecham's Pills will cure. 25 cents a box.
Wanu the spoon is an insignimcantarticle
to look upon, it has probably caused mor
stir in the world than any other one thing.
-Buffalo Courier.
I
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
rightly used. The many. who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
Sadapting the world's best products to
·the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in Oc and $1 bottles, but it is man
afactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
Mo loher'.5r G.heate Chiic 4
THEY WASH THEIR CLOTHES
WITH
CLAIR
ETTE
SsoA~
ThLts were tiy get t~heir style
MAD=. ONLY BY
N.KFAIRBANK&CO. sT. Lous.
THE POT INSUL;TED THE KETTLE BECAUSB
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
'SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING EMANDS CLEANLINESS,
SAPOLIO SHOU aieR _U IN EVERy KITCHo N
Alsee and Texas
-VIA wam-
COTTON BELT ROUTE,
dLumls a sau 8,; 0.1
W. 3.[s SUnW ?. P. A.. I W. Q. L d A.
. aU LmmADE1 .A.P.a A.. . Mea
sle nI m ' l:al, "IT teIO
Mahnery anm Mla .la.rt
jjama sle Pas a h......me hav
*eloC w_.IN;I.n
The -uanuu and -
Umade. Unli other Lytbe
witih powdeta.nd mnee
with removable u the oat A3
arre always readeor. or use.S JaI1
make the bet perfume
Soap in 50 minAdKLOd TEst-
lO. I  MUe bee Irofbn IlIkSe
wasste pipes. dsluetg sinks,
wmanm sma rais.ring a..s..Pti
Poso W eme  or rr I te
Mashinery mai MaYUnel ry Supples.
msosL5 leer. wits for
A~ý N . 1. I c5. am
weaf.s0avtd 00saewesalgbs. oas..ap ,
at OhNS rfte O t.. r ertad MISn. maM..
w..111 0111 rAsaeo m M isssmea
W te anonementof Dr. JlW. e Hyatttl
I ilosar, a ndI s o a e ti i 
per et rek. 1Hi4ts tbagsor talneto . bR _ .
are otlr S5.Io per month inpludIng ru
Wrait PI tNT emo. em" ame
"EDOUCATIONAL.
A TELEBRAPH
OPERATOR'S WORK I!
0Is pledasantd 2 payins good wagens. ell ae
qulred under our mode of toeahinge.8 Dome am
Tpe ~iC The eroasdto seceeso . eadtacpo ta
card o s thitallome and pnartleln ra
MISSISSIPPI TELEOGAPH A RAILWAY COLI8U3,
WrET POINT. OLAT O., MDDe.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
Tulane University of Louisiana. w "o :
practical instruction, both In ample laboratoriee
and abundant hospital materIals are unequaled.
Free access Is given to the Charity Hospital with
700 beds and 20,000 patIents anllally. Special in
strlution Is given daIly AT rilE BEDNID 0
TITE SICK. The next sessIon beglsOctober 15t
19. For eataloaue and Information addres
Prof. S. t.. LItAI.I. .. M.D.. Dean.
WI'. 0. Drawer 261. NEW ORLEANS, LA.
WALL AND MOONEY'S SCHOOL,
Os . WAIL FRANIKU, TENlN. w.S.ues.a..
ITm DOTS NOR COLLEGE OR BUIREUS.
Our studentsa enter Vanderbilt. on elrteste
witou-teleamlenatlon. Positve enr1anee...ss
vary to scure admission. Dlscl lOnefirm. cOurs
thorough. Address W. D. -MOODiDi . Secretary.
MsaMs marse Inesim.
FOUNDEDIN Loc0.
ST. CECILIAACADEMY,
MT. VRMNON_, NASUIVILLU TUEI.
FoI Tmull ls i o, n COUted by e-m-nca n gle
te. Term mod rat. Ap1pl
to "OTE 0 IY EIIPIE.
sa eats 55 13 te rat.sa o... n o
DICKSON NORMAL COLLEGEFL'=
The largest. cheapest. mot thoroughly equipped
and best managed school In the South. UoardU
addreas WADIE & 100015NB. DICK5IN.lj1T3N¶X
asa-Mau 51 rWas. .. tIi. r.. S
Piso's Remedy for Catarrh is the
BHst, Easiest to Use.and Cheapest.
Sold by druggists or sent by mi.
emntsa