THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1895. NUMBER 10.
u mImmll ,,m "1n ' I . . . i TTM ' I T Tr - .... .... . .. .. . ..
MOUTON BROS.
- DBALErS IN
General
Merchandise.
ILowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Limeol. Aveanue, : LAFAYETTE, L4.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1871i. Repairing of fine watches a spe
eialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARME CONlWT
LAFAYETFB. LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfnrt of those placed under tha
eare of the Sisters.
Nor terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT atnd SUPPLY SHOP.
near flask Uulldnl.
FRED MOIUTON, Froprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work s
'done. All work promptly attended to I
Satiaf8ction guaranteed. i
II. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - 4 - LA.
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND o
NOTARY PUBLIC,
I.armyet.. La. a
1ie W. ELLIOTT, i
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA. rt
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
S.Attornxeys Lt LawW, U
LAFAYETTE, LA.
' - - ii
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY m
FEED Stable.
V Lincoln Avenue, ch
Two Blocks From Depot. ha
First-class rigs at reasonable prices
.Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
-AW YTlR.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
prome and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
AIAwaYErrT-. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
L 04VXRY, F EEMi.- tioi
-AND-- pr
tioi
Sale Stablehe
. COISTAITII, Proprietor, u
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
tab
DR. J. L. DUHART. co
tim
A practitioner in tb State e years, ta
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years. calls fort
attention to his now and successful treat- stat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal Inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure gan
Consumption, in the first and second it, a
period if they follow exactly the treat. wo
went and relief in the third period. agl
Deaftness and bhronio diseases in gen- Ti
val aeialtdept
O. P. GUILBEAU, his
Notary Public and
- its u
Justice of the Peace. :x:s
no alo l ad promptattention given t kno,
ira st * nd purcease of lands at. hi
C. iH. MOUTON,
JIM'S HOLD-OUT.
3 R E Lea'tville
stage pulled out
of Webster- sta
tion one'even -
ng after -up
per with twelve
"pilgrimns" f or
the'-cit., in thb
clouds. Web
' , ster. _ . ..the
a... i he route
th g fr,-em j~ere to
th e .oearbona t
Scamp lay over
the summito of
LA I Kenosha moun
t a i nt , through
t the northern
end of the South
park and across
the famous Red
hill, a doubly significant title by rea
son of the color of the soil and the
bloody murders committed there by the
Mexican. bandits, the Espinosos. Froui
Red hill the road again enters the
South park. passes through the old
town of Fairplay, once boisterous with
the gayety of pioneer gold diggers, and
now given over to Chinamen, thence to
Buckskin Joe and over the Mlosquito
pass.
Red hill was the danger point on the 1
Sof first division of the road. Near the
Ipe- summit is a little basin where the road
ad, is completely hidden from view on all
sides. Little gulches lead up to this 1
spot from the South park, affording
every opportunity for road agents to
reach the place unseen and to likewise .1
make their escape. "Pilgrims"' for 8
Leadville usually were supplied with
money, and a great deal of wealth S
the originally intended for investment in 1
'51 the carbonate camp was turned over to t
1h gentlemanly persons who encountered t
hb! the stage in the little basin on Red hill.
The individual who sat on the dusty h
old Concord coach and pulled the rib- n
bons over six bronchos between WVeb- 0
ster and Fairplay was known as Jim.
I made his acquaintance while we were d
at dinner in the rough board "eating
house" at Webster. Ilie was a tall, i'
L slim, muscular man with a swarthy
complexion, dark eyes, and a heavy
mustache black as jet from the copious
use of dye. He wore high-topped
boots with extremely high heels, and
r his feet were small and delicately
,r shaped. lia trousers were of gorgeous
io plaid material, the bottoms being worn
inside his boot-tops. A wide-brimmed,
white slouch hat was cocked rakishly
on the side of his head. Some garish
jewelry adorned the front of his waist
coat. There was a jaunty" air about
* him which was less pronounced by rea
son of the stiff and awkward way he
carried his arms; I attributed this to
L. the natural effect of driving six spirited
horses for years over a mountain road.
He had formerly been a gentleman
D of fortune, and at one time in his ca
reer had amassed a considerable sum of
money in the game of chance known
as draw poker. When he was at the
height of his prosperity another gen
tleman of fortune, late of Texas, drifted sil
usnostentatiously into camp and caused pi
the report to be circulated that he was ot
C aching for a game. Jim undertook to fr(
relieve the gentleman of the pain ha
he was suffering on that account, ph
and they met in the back room of
Uncle Billy Coleman's Palace of Fash- ag
ion on Main street. the
There was a silent controversy in all
the early part of the game caused by the
a remark of Jim's to the effect. that the
"people from Texas seemed to have
more luck than a Chinaman." to
The gentleman from Texas demurred cia
to this and said there was no such
I thing as luck in draw poker; the go
chance features of the game, he said, a
had all been eliminated by the applica- fel
Bo'
the
firs
era
nat
had
JIr RECOONIZED THE CONTRIVANCE. oth
tio of skill and science. He then hyou
proceeded to demonstrate his asser- mar
tion, which he did to perfection. At theu
the end of six hours Jim's earthly pos- timu
sessions consisted of the suit of clothes his
he was wearing; everything else he in F
had oned in the world had passed the
into the hands of the skillful and forban
scientific gentleman from Texas. fron
The Fairplay gambler arose from the the
table and relieved himself of some cu
choice profanity, ost of hich was hold
directed against himself. He declared beer
that he as "better qualified to drive a en
stage than to pose as a gentleman ofsser- mar
fortune." The superintendent of the his
stage line,o ho was present, jocosely cour
offered Jim a job, and the penniless Jii
gambler irt a spirit of bravado accepted info,
It, and declared then and there that he that
would never touch the "pasteboards" othe
again as long as he lived. he v
The gentleman from Texas took his "
departure as unostentatiously as he Jim.
had come, but leaving behind, him in "I
his room at the hotel a peculiar wire out.'
anid elastic contrivance which puzzled "l
the brain of the landlord to determine the 1
ita use. Several persons to whom he calci
exhibited it declared they had never boot
seen anything like it before, but Jim and
at once recognized it as a contrivance left
knotwn as a hold-out, by means of the 5
which a player retained cards in his gent
postsession, secreted in his sleeves, o' m:
which should be in the deck. Doe,
As Jim n was the only person in Fair- gave
piay who had anything like an inti- took
-gato acquaintanc e with the scientist then
rom TexRas, the landlord presented solem
worked the former"s slhaaeal rule.
Jim's first impulse was to secrete the
hold-out upon his person and seek re
ville venge upon the unsuspecting miners
lout in the gulch, but he remembered that
sta- he had hired - himself to the stage com
ven n puny and forsworn gambling. He was
-up- a man of his word, and a stage driver
elve he became. It was a monotonous life
for until the road agents began to pay fre
tho quent visits to the linie, and Jim liked
Veb- it. The only thing that disturbed his
the serenity was the recollection of the
ick, gentleman from Texas. If he could
oute but once meet that scientist face to
to face life would take on new c"irm ftbr'
nat.ý him. -
over I had a seatwbedA Jn 'on the Lead.
vt of ville coach, aind as the horses crawled
nun- slowly up the grade of Kenosha moun- I
ugh tain, preparatory to a wild dash down t
sern the other side into the South park, I a
ruth remarked to him that it was going to t
ross be a pleasant night, lie replied that t
Red you never could tell much about nights
rea- in that country until the next day; he e
the rad seen nights just as promising as a
the this one turn out real bad before day- u
rom break. The very best of meteorologi- b
the cal predictions were likely to fail in a f
old country so thickly infested with gen*
with tlemen of the road.
ind I expressed a desire to have a good u
a to view of Red hill as we crossed that fa.
iito mous elevation, and wondered if the r
moon would be down before we got iI
the there. Jim vouchsafed the informa. h
the tion that the moon would be up, but
,ad added that he had known of people's it
all appetites for scenery being permanent
his ly destroyed by gazing on Red hill by ti
ing moonlight. st
to I was sound asleep with my head on ,
ise Jim's shoulder when he nudged me and p
for said:
ith "WVe're going up Red hill now; help q
Ith yourself to the scenery, an' if.you've s,
in got any valuables about you you'd bet
to ter hide 'em somewhere. We're liable t
redl to see more things than scenery." hi
ill. Then the horses came to a sudden h,
sty halt and Jim and I looked down the
. muzzle of a revolver in the steady hand tl,
ab- of a horseman beside the wheelers.
m. "Will you step down for a moment, M
?re driver?" asked theman on horseback. <
ng Jim replied that he was just think' he
41, ing of getting down as he was tired of lo
hy
- ~.if
vy t
.u us re
editting. I followed him and took my
plae beside him in tite to see the
as other passengers descend one by one i
,al
place in line beside us.to
There were but two of the road
the treasure ox.
plaVcen the first robber came opposite
to Jim, he drew back in surprise, ex
pclaim ing: "ell, Ie ue darned"
Sguard, but that brief space of time wrsoa h
,a fatal one. A pistol cracked ard he
fell shot through the head.o
Both took effect; the second roand
agent reeled and fell from the boot o t
the stage and s em was lying beside the
first robber. It was the big six-s enooter
of the man on the stage that had an
swered Jim's f irs t shot and it was the As
d crplack of a de him rringer thate had termi-e the r
nated thse bngers descend one by one int
o Jifrom thewas wounded iof the olc h with their str
y oung doctor in theads party stanched a
the flow of blood and we proceeded on sad
ur wayThere wth the b odies of the twroad ha
bandits thrown into the of thind em relieved
Then all shootin waslue herouded in mys
y cernthed. They ha d eenof tJimshe six-e securing hot
taken from hisholsterbyonx.e of th n
bandits, after which a larefub search
fe When the first robber came opposite
tohad been made tdrew sbak ine that he had n
other weap seon, buonlyt he we picked hi e
up o a derriger was clasped in eithei
e huard, but that brief space of timestion was eihow had he
manated to conceal crathe ed and he brin
imfell shot throughe mystery was solved when
his clothing, crack," went two morthe shotel e
in Fairplay. Under his waistoat waso
the wire and elastiche p oker hold road
agent reeled and fell from the boot of ra"
tformerly stagbelon a was ying to thebeside the t
from Texas. It was the nipperig six-shootere
the cards had been removed and a cirt
cularf the masp large staenoughe thato e had an
otheed Jim's first shot end it pkas thh the
crackhol the hanle of a derringer that had termi
hleman to whom the contrivance origih hon
naedlonged was in the hind bnoot.g
his surprise on recognizing Jim acr
counted for hs presence the lre. . Ahe
Jiandits lthrowg n ias broken and boothe doto sire
informed him that when he reinco mvered tha
that leg ould be shortet r thano the
had been made to see that he had no "'
other; thathe would awe picked him theen
he malked. tco
upIts all mnge was fault, Din either at t
the derringe rs down wainto my hands int
calculated to shootnceal the mand bring thethe
boot with the gun in my right thando stie
ind tarle the nighest felloer e woh my o
atleft, but justd then I recognized him as
the gent I was 'vostly seekin' after, a An
gent from Texas who skinned sde outh
o" my pile with this yere hold-out, a an', o
ou, the temptation was. too great; I la
gave it to him with my riWhe, buI lt iNs
tok mea too long to get a bead om n i.he
t he other one. But, yee y, Dol -e, a' ti
sience is. Aa g a ng."--WIoem "F
"Ines **sthat
ral HETEROPHEMY.
the An Awkward Trlek for Which the Tongae
c re. or Nerves Are Responsible.
nera Heterophemy, the curious disease
that which consists in using one word when
0om- meaning to use an entirely different
was one, gives rise to many anmusing com
over binations. An old lady living in a
life town on the Hudson river is thus af
fre- flicted. She is tall and stately in ap
ked pearance, courtly and gracious in man
Shie ner, and this makes her incongruous
the sentences all the more ridiculous.
mid Strange to say, she herself is totally
B to uncedscious of her infirmity, for the
f tam"' *, friends, and even the servants
endeavor to save her from the martifi
ead- cation she would feel.
Ped Not long ago, when she was recover
mn- ing from a serious illness, the bishop of
>Wn the diocese chanced to be making his
c, I annual visitation, and at the sugges
Sto tion of the rector, they went together
hat to call upon Mrs. Drew.
hts She was delighted to see them, and
he entertained them with her usual grace
as and cordiality. The conversation nat
.ay- urally touched upon her illness, and
,gi her thankfulness at her recovery, which
n a for a time had. been despaired of.
en* Presently she turned to the bishop,
saying earnestly, "'My dear bishop, let
.od us have a little drop."
fat The startled prelate glanced at the
the rector. He, knowing his old friend's
rot infirmity, cast about in his mind for
na. her probable meaning.
but "'lishop," repeated the old lady, ser
le's iously, "let's have a little drop."
nt- "Certainly, Mrs. Drew," interposed
by the rector, waiting for her to make
some move which might disclose her
on meaning. But Mrs. Drew waited ex
ad pectantly, also.
S "If you have not your Vade 3Mecum
1v with you, there is a prayer-book," she
VO said, after a moment.
The rector, with a sigh of relief,
ale turned to the bishop. "Mlrs. I)rew will
he glad to have you read prayers with
en her," he said quietly.
he Prayers were read, and then the gen
nd tlemen prepares to take leave.
"Your visit has been a pleasure,"
t. t Mrs. Drew said warmly. "Now, Mr.
Bielknap, won't you take this little boy
home to your dear wife, with my best a
of love?"
For a moment Mr. Bellenap wondered
if she could mean the bishop, but she
relieved his mind by lifting a magnifi
cent bunch of roses from a vase on the
table.
Allied to this is another form of mis
speech, to which most of us are occa
. sionally subject-the exchange of syl- a,
lables. A certain young lady. who,
to hlr intense mortification, often re
verses her vowels thus, says she is en
tirely unconscious of it, even after w
speaking.
One summer evening she was saun
tering with a friend toward the village b
post office of the little town where
they were staying. On the way they t
encountered an acquaintance with a
handful of letters.
"Ah, good evening," she said in her
peculiarly gracious, suave manner. ti
"Are you straling out for your mole?'
The mystified young woman made Ic
some inarticulate reply and passed on. Al
3 As soon as the friend could recover her
Le gravity she gasped: "I suppose you gr
to intended to ask Miss May if she was th
ir strolling out for her mail?"
a The same young lady was relating a s
sad story of various misfortunes which
d had overwhelmed a dear friend. ti
d "Think," she concluded pathetically,ti
d "of losing husband, children, property ti
n and home at one swell foop!" And a
ghowl of laughter rent the roof.-At-pr
lantic.
The Ruling Passion.
It was an exceedingly quiet little
game. Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Brown A
were deeply interested; but the stakes
were so light that DMr. S. and Mr. Il. i
e would have found quite as much excite- be
ment in dominos or tic-tac-toe. the
Mlr. Smith had three aces when Mrs, me
Brown, with a pair of threes, called s1c
him. It was this display of intrepidity thi
that led to her husband's criticism: thi
"'You shouldn't have called, Clara," Th
said he. "You should have raised or the
dropped out." sto
"But, if I hadn't called," replied his inc
wife, "-we wouldn't have known what inc
he had."
"Nobody called me," remarked Mlrs. ing
Smith, dolefully, "when I had four he
sixes." tin
"Well," said AMr. Smith, "we knew, bu
that time, we could depend on getting eve
the information without paying for Th'
it."-Puck. in i
tha
Embarrasliagly Ambiguous.
"There was quite a fight in front of par
the store to-day," said a Rockland man a
at the supper table. "Two men got tha
into a row,one struck the other and then of c
the crowd gathered. The man who was wet
struck ran, grabbed a cart stake and litti
rushed hack, his eyes blazing. I thought pre
sure he'd kIcnock the other man's brains wat
out, and I stepped right in ,etween thin
them." The young heir had given over gie
eating his tart as the narrative pro- fun,
ceeded, and his eyes leaned right out less
of his head, lie was proud of his A
father's valor, and he cried: "'lie and
couldn't knock any brains out of you, out
could he, father?" The old man looked prie
long and curiously at the heir, but the
lad's countenance was frank and inno- ami
cent and open. When it closed with "an
the tart on the inside the father gasped et 0
slightly and resumed his supper.- Sun
Rockland Tribune.
The Use of It. T
Among the many useless inventions won
thrust upon the world by people who dis
like to do useless things was a clock are
once exhibited in Brussels. The pe- and
culiar thing about this clock was that pea
instead of striking the hours with a righ
bell, it fired a pistol every hour. musm
"It's ingeni us," said a visitor to the ly, sa
exposition; '"ut of what use is it? best
Why fire a pistol?" soft
"To kill time,'" said the witty in- a bal
tentor.-Harper's Young People. hot a
He WaIn Afrrald Of It? skin
"Plaze yer Honor, I haven't got any softe
lawyer." ting
"Never mind, Pat," said the judge. thin,
"the court will see that you get jus. to ho
tice." No n
"Faith, yer Honor," replied Pat lived
"fthat's what I'm afracld o!"--Pluh. aI
IN THE ELECTRICAL. WORLD.
inans -The Virginia Telephone Co., of
Nlorfolk, Va., having obtained a char
enase ter, has asked the Norfolk council for
vhen a franchise permitting the company to
rent establish a plant. Its officers guaran
com- tee eflicie nt service at two-thirds of
in a present rates.
s af- -An English chemist named Arm
ap- strong asserts it as his belief that no
ar chemical action ever takes place except
uous in the presence of some substance cap
Ius. able of being decomposed by electric-
tally ity, and that therefore all chemical
the phenomena are electrical.
ants -Prof. Lucicn I. Blake has succeed
r- ed, it is said, in establishing electrical
communication by wire between the
ver land and a vessel anchored several
p of miles out in the ocean. Prof. Blake is
his a Kansas man and occupies the chair
gtes- of physics and electrical engineering
at the Kansas State university.
--WVithin a radius of 33 miles of New
and York city, says Electricity, there are
nat 3,500,000 people and 25,000 telephones.
andIn ew York city proper there are 10,
tich 500 telephone stations, 90 per cent. of
which are equipped on the metallic cir
cuit system. In that city the Metro- d
loPt politan Telephone & Telegraph Co. op
' erates 10 central exchanges, seven of t
the which are entirely for metallic circuit d
service. The New York & New Jersey
f Telephone Co. has 10,000 subscribers,
about 75 per cent. of whom enjoy the
metallic circuit system. s
--An improved multiple telegraphic o
instrument has been introduced into
Fae rance, in which each key sends over n
her the line wire at each operation an in- n
termittent current corresponding to a
x- definite number of vibrations a minute. 0
The receiving sounders are each in a b
she similar way sensitive only to currents a
having a determined rate of vibrations
corresponding to one of the transmit- Ca
iill ting keys. Consequently each receiver Il
will selects and responds to the current
sent by a transmitter having a corre- II
sponding period of vibrations. s
en- -A new telephone system is said to
be under consideration in .' "any, N.
e'> Y. It is proposed to place telephones
in several places easy of access, where
est anyone who wishes to send a notice or
a paid advertisement to any of the Al- i
bany papers can do so with very little is
hetrouble. The plan was submitted te
ifi- some time ago to several of the news- a.
the papers of Albany. It has been pro- si
posed to place these instruments in
branch offices, in stationery or drug ,
stores, in remote parts of the city and a
suburbs. The office will be kept open
Jo all day and until late at night. The af
1O, promoters of the scheme have tested m
re- five telephones connected with a mile
;n- wire with satisfactory results, viz: the Cl
ler Phoenix, Harrison, D'Unger, National n
and Colvin. ale
rn- -According to Nature trials have ra
ge been made in London. Eng., of a new
apparatus for extracting teeth by elec
ey tricity. It consists of an induction
a coil O extremely fine wire, having an
interrupter capable of vibration at Inc
er the rate of 450 times a second. The pa
tient sits in the regulation arm chair,
'and takes the negative electrode in his vo
de left hand and the positive in his right. me
n. At this moment the operator turns on
a current, of which the intensity is
3u gradually increased till it has obtained Co
as the utmost limit that the patient can
support. The extractor is then put in
a circuit and fastened on the tooth,
h which, under the action of the vibra- iug
tion, is loosened at once. The opera- al
Y, tion is performed quickly, and the pa- me
ty tient feels no other sensation than the ma
a pricking produced in the hands and
" forearms by the current. 'ti
rat
THE MORTUARY URN.
n A Peculiar and Amusing Instance of Silt- tha
placed Comment.
:. More than one man and quite a num- for
e- ber of women turned round to look at mal
the curious adaptation of old to new
methods. A hearse was being driven wil
d slowly up Broadway above Twenty- trot
third street with the curtain raised so yes
that the whole interior could be seen, the
There was no coffin there, but right in to i
or the middle of the inside platform there
stood a small black vase about eight eng
s inches high and perhaps as many Irem
t inches in width across the handles. you
"Well," said one gentleman, swing- rpor
ing round his companion to look at the Her
r hearse, "I knew cremation was get- do t
ting to be more and more practiced, bill:
but I'd no idea that the cremationists awa
ever made a funeral of the ashes. T
There's the mortuary urn, you see, and he
in it, I suppose, is the handful of dust Mill
that represents the dear departed. I foll,
wonder, by the by, who the dear de- Lime
f parted was."
There were no mourning coaches "I'v
t that could be distinguished in the jam to-d,
of cars and carriages, and as the hearse for
s went slowly along with its curious wail
1 little load the general composite ex- "(
Spression on the faces of those that "I'v
watched it indicated that the whole to-d:
Sthing might he all right from a hy- put
Sgienic point of view, but that as a me a
- funeral it was strange, cold and heart- 'bus
less. Ar
And when the hearse stopped at the aftem
undertaker's rooms the driver pulled her
out the vase and handed it to the pro- bath
prietor.
"The bit of a spike to that thereorn
amint's drapped out agin," he said, On
"and ye'd betther be afther gluin' thin
et on this toime, I'm thinkin'."-N. Y, To
Sun. new
Health Rules for Women. p
There are three things that give a boy?
woman perfect form, movement and N
disposition. Resolved into rules, they have
are as follows: Don't fret, keep clean, kept
and, finally, keep supple. To keep sup- tendm
ple a woman must begin by breathing only
right; then she must walk with her "01
muscles instead of her bones, and, lass- you
ly, she must exercise regularly. The Press
best way to keep slean is to rub a nice,
soft cream into your skin before taking Fri
a bath, and then take that bath just as mee.
hot as possible. The cream feeds the Sul
skin and the hot water cleanses and porkt
softens it. The way to keep from fret- to m
ting is to put your thoughts upon some- stree
thing else than yourself, and, above all, my w
to have an interest or object in life. "\V
No woman need fear old ago if she has rty?
lived up to those rules.-Cicago U.r- "
e14. .;
D. ON SMALL MEANS
of Row to Dress We'll WI*h But Little
ha- loney.
for When there is very little money to
y to he spent on clothes it must be spent
ran- Judiciously and carefully, and it is
.s of quite a vexed question as to whether
it pays to make over old gowns. The
nrm- necessary trimming to make them look
t no fresh and smart is a serious item, and
,ept more time is often required to make
cap. over a gown than to have a new one
ric- made.
icai Two entirely new gowns in the win
ter and four in the summer, well fitted
ted- and well hung, and, above all, well
ical sewed, will, with old ones reznodeled
the in the house, give a woman a wardrobe
ral sufficient for ordinary use. There are
e is plenty of cheap dressmakers in New
hair York who can fit very well, who have
'ing quite a knack at hanging skirts. From
ten to fifteen dollars is theircharge for
ew making a gown, and some can even
are make one for eight. These dressmak
sea. era do not live in convenient localities, I
10,- as may readily be imagined, for if they
of did they could never afford to make
cir- gowns at such reasonable rates. Five
tro- dollars for linings goes a long way to
Sward getting all that is necessary, but
of this part must not be intrusted to the
nit dressmaker, who certainly can not af
ey ford to have her apprentices take the
time and car fare necessary to buy
he these things without adding some
small commission to the original price
ic of the goods.
nto A smart jacket and hat, both for
ver summer and winter, are absolutely
in- necessary in every woman's outfit.
a Coats and jackets are beyond the skill
te. of dressmakers; they had better be
a bought in any of the shops where twice
nts a year there are also sales, at very much
as reduced prices, of extremely well !
cit-ut garments. For eight and ten dol
or lars jackets of very stylish cut can be '
t found, but these mnust he altered to fit.
're If.a woman has any taste at millinery
she can trim her own hats for far less li
to money than she can buy them ready- °
N. made, but it is a very good investment b
en to pay eight or ten dollars, spring and i
re fall, for one stunning hat, which must
r, be becoming; and in tllis connection it is u
Al- as well to remember that a hat which
tie is becoming to the full face is often r
ed terribly trying to the profile, and justr
as much care must le taken for the
ro- side as the front view. Picturesque
in effects are much to be avoided by the lc
i e woman who has only a small allow- F
ad ance for dress. It is the women who t°
spend thousands a year who can best to
he afford to go in for big hats, outre gar- .
d mepts, indeed, anything' conspicuous. "i
le The fashions of picturesque hats and "
he clothes generally are very fleeting, and Fi
al nothing is nlore depressing than to put hi
all one's money into some article of 1i
raimnent so conspicuous that one is bt
known by it for the months one is
'- doomed to wear it.-IIarper's 1Bazar. E;
n THE NEW MAN. ste
in
at Encident of the Day 1When Women Shall Se
a- Carry the Latchkeys. gy
"Er-Mlildred," he said a trifle ner- as
rously, as his better half laid down the ty
t. morning's paper, and, lighting a cigar- go
in atte, prepared for her departure to the sp'
c ity, "Muildred, dear, do you think you
could spare me a little money to-day?"
a llis wife glanced at himn impatiently.
n "WVhat, again, George?" she said:
S"WVhy,I only gave you your housekeep- sto
: ing allowance on-let me see-Thurs- Th
day, wasn't it? Really, some of you Ph
men seem to think we women are
1n made of money." ha
d You forget, my dear," he remarked, her
"there are girl's wages, and the water ke
rate, and the children both want new
boots."
'Didn't I give you the money for
- that?" she asked. swe
"No, dear, that was for the flannel w
f- or little Milly's warm petticoats I'mn ext.
t, making." the
v "Besides, dear, I-don't be angry, in
a will you?--I saw such a cheap pair of l'o
trousers at the winter clearance sale
o yesterday that I couldn't resist buying kin
them, and you know I've hardly a rag Mr.
a to my back."
a "Always your cry, George," she said
t angrily. "Really your extravagance in apo
r tress is something sinful; it is a pity
you haven't got to go and earn tile a1
money; you'd know its value then.
SHere take this, and for goodness sake roF
do try and pay some of your household
bills with it and not frivol the money
away on a lot of trash."
There's a dear, good. darling wife," mc
L he cried joyfully; "let me help my clu
Mildred on with her coat," he added,
following her into the hall. "What
Lime will you be home?" cer:
"Can't say, l'm.sure," she answered. rigl
"I've got a lot to attend to at the offlice 'vh
to-day, and I shall drop into thle club grin:
for an hour or so after. 8o you needn't Tir
wait dinner."
"0. that'll be nice!" he responded. cuti
"I've fgot my woman coming to wash h
to-day and the girls and I are going to hci
put up cleaq curtains and thing's. ;iv he
me a kiss, dearest! tlmere'-there's your Cou
'bus going now."
And as the breadwinner dashed out the
after the passing vehicle George blew prie
her a parting kiss and wvent upstairs to se
bathe the children.-Chicafgo Tribune. OpeC
-nas
Cause for Joy.
Oneman-You look happy over some- you
thing?
Tother-I am happy. We have a ninp
new girl at our house. Pus
"Ah, let me congratulate you. I twic
suppose you'd be happier if it were a
boy?" the i
"Not much. It's the only girl we Ico
have ever had that knew her place and I tol
kept it and knew her business and at- Sery
tended to it. And we have to pay her told
only two and a half a week." the 1
"Oh-ah-er-let me congratulate -.
you more than ever."--Detroit Free thiel
Press. robb
Gt Even, that'
Friend-Moved ck to the city, I see
tee. ceipt
Suburban Resident-Yes. A human teo
porker bought the vacant lot next door -
to me, stuck up his house close to the A La
street, and built a barn alongside of
my windows.
"WVhat hlave you done with the prop
arty?"
"Rented it to a man wlse p g ' denti
"a."**R Z WeelsIv - :
RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL.
ittile -There are 35,000 children under 14
years of age in Chicago not in any
y to school.
len --The oldest Protestant church in the
t is United States is St. Luke's, near Smith
ýh'r field, Va. It was built in 1632.
The -The estimated value of educational
ok lnstitutio;ns in the United States owned
an by the Lutheran church is $4,889,550..
one -Rev. l)r. Bruce, a pioneer mission
ary amon;g the Moslems of Persia, has
in- resigned after thirty-six years' service.
ted -Maine End enavorers are jubilant over
vell the completion of Christian Endeavor
led Cottage as a home for homeless boys.."
at East Fairfield. The cottsye 4
are $2,600, and is entirely the gift of
cre Endeavorers of Maine.
a -About six hundred women doctors
.on have graduated from the medical col
for leges in Russia during the fifteen years
, they have existed. Of these about one
ak- third practice as doctors among the
me, peasants in the provinces; some are
hey district doctors, some are attached to
ale the school and sanitary institutions,.
ive and others are in private practice.
to- -J. Takasusu, a Japanese A. B. of
but Oxford, has translated into English a
the description of India and the Malay
af- Islands, written twelve hundred years'
the ago by I. Tsing, a Chinese Buddhist
uy priest. The book describes the monas
me tic life observed by the author in India,
ice and contains a great deal of informa
tion about geography, chronology, and
for literature.
ely -In Prussia the Roman Catholla
fit. church seems to retain its vitality. In
kill 1872 there were in the kingdom 914
be conventual establishments, with 8,795
ice members; three years later, in conse
ich quence of the repressive legislation of
rell the "May laws," over a third of the
lol- institutions were dissolved, but in 1893
be we find 1,215 establishments, with 14,
fit. 044 monks and nuns.
er1 --Recent discoveries in Palestine
ess have made more clear the secular use
dy- of the terms "deacon" and "bishop"
mnt before the establishment of Christian
nd ity. Texts and inscriptions have been
ist found with mention of disconol as be
tis ing certain subordinate civil officers.
icl Episcopoi or overseers were functiona
en ries of a higher grade under the Roman
tst regime, and several lists of these have
le been found.
u -3By the death of Prof. Sir J. R. See
lie ley less than three months after Mr.
Froude. Lord Roseberry is called upon
ho to fill the Regius Professorship of His
st tory at Cambridge, as well as that at
r- Oxford. Though Prof. Seeley's fame
with the general public rests.on his
Ld "Ecce IIomo," and "The Expanaron of
id England," his best contributions to -
it history are the "Introduction to the
of First Book of Livy," and the "LIfe f:
is Stein."
i -The Church Missionary Society of
England, which is in a very flourish
ing state, has been taking a forward
step. A thousand a year is spent in
securing the entire service of two cler
gymen and one layman, who are to act
as missionary deputations of a new
i type. They will seek not so much to
r- give missionary information as to
speak on the general duty of the Chris
ti tian church toward foreign missions.
WIT AND WISDOM.
-Podner-I've got a gnawing in nti
stomach. Lane WValker-You're lucky.
There's nothing in mine to gnaw.
SPhiladelphia Inquirer.
C -First Robber-hill, de noospapers
has printed our pictures. Second Rob
her--Den let's quit iidin'; nobody will
r know us now.-Syracuse Post.
--He-Say, old woman, what do you
think of the splendid view? She-I am
r speechless. lie - Speechless! Then
we'll stay!-PBasler Nachrichten.
--Perhaps the most unconscious liar
extant is the individual who tells of
the large number of umbrellas he loses
in the course of a year.-WVashington
Post.
-Tommy-Paw, if the lion is the
king of beasts, what is the rhinoceros?
Mr. Figg-The politician, of course.
Ilis hide is two inches thick.-Indian
apolis Journal.
-Visitor-)Do you always write with
a bottle of champagne before you?
Novelist-Oh, no! But my hero and he
roine have just become engaged.-
Fliegende Blatter.
-A Lively Time-She-I was playing
whist also last night. It was the first
meeting of our young ladies' whist
club. lle--I wondered what made you
so hoarse.--Brooklyn Life.
-"Can the baby talk yet, Mr. Pran
cer?" "No; but he can count all
right." "Are you sure?" "Yes'm;
whenever the clock strikes two he be
gins to cry to get up."-Los" Angeles
Times.
-Sheriff (on the morning of the exe
cution)--Vas the prisoner impudent
when you told him to get ready for the
scaffold? Deputy-Er-he--told me
he'd be hanged if he would.--Ruffalo
Courier.
-"fHow did Oldtimer like the act of
the lion tamer?" ,asked the circus pro
prietor. "He was bored to death. You
see, he used to be the manager of an
opera company with three prima don
nas in it."--Vashington Star.
--PIushalong--This is the second five
you've asked for in a week. That's
pretty quick work; quicker than light
ning. Thespicus-How do you mean?
Pushalong-Lightning never strikes
twice in the same place.-Harlem Life.
-Landlady--Why didn't you ring
the dinner bell, Minna? Servant maid
I couldn't find it, ma'am. Landlady
I told you it was hanging in the hall
Servant maid-Excuse me, ma'am, you
told me ong tmis morning that it was
the break .>-En1  L
--O'Moned M a .lucky dewal. A
thief got into my room last niqlit and
robbed me. Hobbe I an't seethat .
that's lucky. O'Money Wil~tdornese -
see, he did't get anmything bpt ur
ceipted bills, and to he got himiblf in
to debt. See?-Philaldelphia Record.
-Transferred, but Not Misplaced.
A Lacon, Ill., boy stole a
dentist saga4n