THE GAZETTE.
ISSUED EVERY SATURDAY
BY
II.MIE'R MOUTON,. - - PRorRtITOR.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH,
entered at the Lafayette La. Post-Office as Second
Class Matter.
SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1897.
DEATIIl OF JUDGE GATES.
Judge Fred Gates died in New
Iberia last week. The judge had
many friends in this parish who
were pained to hear of his death.
Fred Gates was a plucky man
and a loyal friend. As a citizen
and a Democrat he rendered a great
service to his rarish and district.
He was pre-eminently the impla
cable foe of negroism. He was
just to the negro, but he was one
of those who believed, that Sambo
was not the proper person into
whose hands the reins of govern
ment should be placed. He led
the movement which resulted in
the establishment of white supre
macy in Iberia parish. The odds
were against him, but he fought to
a finish and won the battle. It re
quired a man of indomitable will
and unflinching courage. He pos
sessed both. He never gave up un
til he had rid the district of corrup
tion and incompency in public af
fairs, and no one who knew him
ever doubted his bravery. Al
though he had occupied public of
fice several times and was a candi
date for the votes of the people, he
was alwaydIhat he professed to be
and never played the part of the
demagogue.
There was one thing which Judge
Gates would not stand and that
was the negro in politics. When,
in the State Legislature, he was
speaking upon some issue that had
come up for discussion an oily
skinned darky who represented one
of the river parishes interrupted
.him with some frivolous question.
He turned toward the colored law
giver and in language that was both
forcible and eloquent made him
distinctly understand that no such
impudence would be tolerated.
In his death the State of Louis
iana loses a good citizen.
The many friends in Lafayette
of Judge John Clegg will be glad to
read the following compliment paid
him by the Times-Democrat. In
the account of the trial before the
United States court of the bank
wreckers, Gardes, Gerault and
Underwood, Judge Clegg figures
very prominently as one of the attor
neys for the defense. Judge Clegg
is a man of. reeognized ability and
with his knowledge of the law and
splindid adroitness he is sure to
achieve success at the bar. This
is what the T. D. rays of him:
Judge Clegg is the coolest look
man in the bunch. He never loses
his temper, his suavity of cross-ex
amining witnesses, or anyamaterial
Spoint of the case. He is here,
there and everywhere, always look
ing out for what might help his
client and putting everybody in a
good humor with his quiet sallies.
Judge Clegg is an ideal defense at
torney, and even in his dealings
with the hardest witnesses handles
his questions with such deftness and
with so manifest a desire to be fair
to the witness that he manages to
get some concession in favor of his
position. He puts a witness at his
safe, does not try to browbeat him,
and uses a knowledge of human na
ture instead of a club in dealing
with men.
The True Remedy.
VW. M. Repine, editor Tiskilway,
Ill., "Chief," says: We won't keep
house without Dr. King's New Dis
covery for consumption, coughs
and colds. Experimented with
many others, but never got the true
remedy until we used Dr. King's
New Discovery. No other remedy
can take its place in our home, as
in it we have a certain and sure
cure for coughs, colds, whooping
cough, etc." It is idleto experi
ment with other remedies, even if
they are urged on you as just as
good as Dr. King's New Discovery.
They are not as good, because this
remedy has a record of cures and
besides is guaranteed. It never
fails to satisfy. Trial bottles free
at Clegg's drugstore.
RAILROAD ASSESSMENT.
The Gazette does not believe
railroads are the enemies of the
people. They are, on the'contrary,
necessary to the advai;cement and
properity of communities, but they
should not be permitted to enjoy
undue privileges.
'There is a tendency in Louisiana
to-day to give to the railroad com
panies everything which they take
the trouble to ask for. The Ga
zette does not know of an instance
where a railroad corporation in this
State wanted something and failed
to get it.
Several times attempts were made
to pass a railroad commission, but
without success. At every session
of the General Assembly some leg
islation is proposed, but the matter
is always smothered by a committee
that is appointed for that purpose.
The Shreveport Journal is author
ity for the statement that Louisiana
gets less tax on railway property
than any State of the Union. The
various Boards of Equalizers have
held meetings in the different dis
tricts and have agreed in most
cases, to assess main lines $6,5oo00
per mile. On the assessment of the
Louisiana Western's road a reduc
tion of $5o00 was made and a like
diminution was made on the V., S.
& P.
The Journal in commenting upon
the evident determination of the
Assessing Boards to have the rail
road companies pay as little as pos
sible, says:
For instance the Texas and Pa
cific runs over the track of the V.,
S. & P. to Waskom which is on the
State line. That twenty miles of
track from Shreveport is assessed
at $6,ooo on the other side of the
line the road continues to Marshall
and the authorities assess the track
at $1x,400 per mile. The country
is poorer, the business and receipts
from that track are scarce, a tenth
of the twenty miles on the Louis
iana side, but the charity works one
year and some other political plan
will work the next, simply because
the railroad lobby attends the Leg
islature and looks after the railroad
interests, while no one looks after
the interests of the people.
The V., S. & P. crosses the Mis
sissippi at Vicksburg; from Monroe
to Vicksburg the road runs through
an exceedingly rich country. On
the other side of the river the road
continues to Meridian through as
poor a hill country as can be found
anywhere, yet the Mississippi as
sessment is $20,000 per mile. Few
of the railroads operating in Louis
iana pay any assessment whatever
on rolling stock. Express com
panies and Pullman pay none.
Our legislators are too busy riding
up and down the roads on free
passes, and the eifecutive depart
ment is too busy looking after some
little ward combine, while ghese
great companies go untax an1W the
people must make up the difference.
We agree with the Journal that
the system of assessing railroads
should be changed. It is entirely
too easy for the railroad companies
to control the Assessing Boards.
The parish assessor is the proper
person to assess railway lines.
Should he fail to fix a fair valuation
it is for the Police Jury to see that he
performs his duty without fear or
favor.
The editor of The Gazette at
tended three meetings of Assessing
Boards held at Lafayette during the
last three years and he regrets to
say that every time it was very easy
for the railroad company to carry
its points.
The commissioners who were dis
posed to act fairly were always in
a hopeless minority, and the South
ern Pacific was represented on the
floor by shrewd and smooth ar
tists.
Long experience, careful factory
methods and the best help money
will hire, explains why we can sell
the BUCKSKIN BREECHES, the
best jeans pants made for as little
money as other makers charge for
common goods. We attend to the
little details and getting little things
right makes the whole job good.
Ask your clothing man to show you
a pair.
Bucklen's Arnica Salve.
The best salve in the world for
Cuts, Bruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt
Rheum, Fever Sores, Tetter, Chap
ped Hands, Chilblains, Corns, and
all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures Piles, or no pay required. It
is guaranteed to give perfect satis
f'action or money refunded. Price
25 cents per box. For sale by Vm.
Clegg.
ABOUT GETTIN'G AIARRIED.
In last Sunday's Picayune Mrs. E. M.
Gilmer 'hose interesting articles appear
under the non-de-plume of "'I)orothy Dix"
gives some wholsome advice to girls who are
Ihinking of getting married. It is at the
request of a bachelor friend that The Ga
zette prints the following:
There is much food for reflection, and a
word of suggestion, in the report that comes
from a small Georgia town about an en
gaged girl, whose mother offered to give her
$z,ooo if she would only go quietly off and
get married, without saying anything about
it. To anyone whose painful privilege it
has ever been to live in the house with a
girl in love, and to assist-in the French
sense-at the wedding, the price must seem
ridiculously low. To be delivered from the
everlasting spooning, to be freed from the
hurry and worry and flurry about clothes;
to escape the awful responsibility of the in
vitations, and deciding who is to be asked
to the house and who to the church-to buy
exemption from all these tribulations for a
thousand paltry dollars, is to get a regular
marked-down, special sale bargain in luxury.
Cynics ha"e observed that a family is
habitually much more cheerful at a daughter's
wedding than a son's. This is, doubtless,
accounted for by the fact that by the time a
girl is ready to march to the altar her imme
diate relatives have been through such an
ordeal they are reconciled to anything that
has a promise of peace in it, and are buoyed
up with the prospect of being able to resume
their accustomed way of living.
There is nothing else under heaven as
self-satisfied and selfish as an engaged girl.
She is not only perfectly convinced that she
and Tom are the center of the universe,
about which everything else revolves, but
she expects everyone else to recognize it.
She calmly appropriates the house. If you
want to receive a caller, she and Tom are
spooning in the parlor; when her father
wants to write a letter, he has to retire from
the library with a confused opology to two
people who regard him with baleful looks as
an intruder. You run over them on the
steps, and stur.ble against them on the gal
lery when you try to shut up the house at
night, and if you dare to enter a protest,
Mamie tells you that she is perfectly aware
that she and Tom are the first people in the
history of the world who ever, really, truly,
unalterably loved.
The rest of the family, not being keyed
up to this pitch of sentiment, find it a little
wearing on their nerves. In Tom they see
only a plain, every-day sort of a fellow, who
will do his best to make Mamie happy, and
pay her bills, but to their dispassionate gaze
he is neither a hero or a genius. In the
sublime egotism of love Mamie demands
that every one shall see him as she does,
and she feels that she is misunderstood, and
unappreciated, and sheds bitter tears over
the snort of derision with which her father
receives Tom's opinion, when she brings it
forth as a sort of ultimatum that must settle
any question.
Then conies the momentous period of
preparation for the wedding, and the uni
verse trembles in the balance while she de
cides whether she will have a church wed
ding, or be rmarried at home under a floral
design in the back parlor, and while she
makes up her mind as to the number of
bridesmads and what they shall wear. Then
ensues a wild and chaotic time, full of con
fusion and dressmakers, and bridesmaids
and arguments with mnamna, and protests
from papa about the bills, and general irrit
ability and temper. It is a time that she
always rememb rs afterwards, and that all
her family recall, as a kind of nightmare,
from which she emerges a married woman,
the possessor of more clothes than she needs, I
and nervous prostration. Nine girls out of
ten never look so ugly in their lives as they
do, when worn and wearied with all this
fuss and flurry they march to the altar in
the bridal finery for which they have paid
so dearly. It seems the greatest pity that
Americans can never learn that there is a
double standard for everything in life.
But we don't find it out. We want to do
everything precisely alike. If we read in I
the papers that Miss Coupon, the heir toi
millions, wore a white satin gown with a
trail a mile long when she married Mr.
Bullion, also the possessor of millions, we
all feel that every mother's daughter of us
had better live and (lie an old maid than
be wed in anything that wasn't at least an
imitation of that plendor. It is all right for
the woman who has only to give an order
and write a check to have as fine a trous
seau as she likes. It is one of the good
things her money buys her. But it is an
other story, and a different one, when a
'poor girl, in order to wear white satin and
orange blossoms, for a quarter of an hour,
imposes hardships and scrimping on her
family to pa3 for it.
It may be safely set down that the desire
for a display wedding always originates
with the bride. No man ever wanted to be
dragged up a long church aisle, the target
for the criticisms of his dear five hundred
friends. He realizes at the best he is but a
pitiable figure or rather that he cuts no figure
at all, and serves only as an excuse for the
wedding and the bride's dress. It is probab
ly necessary to have a bridegroom at a
swell wedding, but if he should be accident
ally forgotten, I am confident that in the
interest in the bride's gown, and the brides
maids, and the picture hats, or shepherds'
crooks, or whatever was the distinguishing
feature of the wedding, "he never would
be missed." I don't believe there are a
dozen men extant who would not prefer to
be quietly married at home or go to church
with only a witness or two, and there plight
The Lamp
that lights the way to
Good Health
Is a bottle of the greatest of all blood
purifiers
JoJlnstUo's
S arsaparillat
Ths great blood purr iu- ' or --ar
fier and nerve to' cures
dieases y removg from the system, the conditions which produce
them. It expels all poison and impurity from the blood. It acts upon
the nerves as a stimulant, particularly upon thosenerves belongi to the
great organs of the body; therefore, it causes the heart to beat with
greater force, the lungs to take in more oxygen and to expel more car
bonic acid; it induces the kidneys to send off more of the poisonous ex
cretions from te ood; the bowellto have more regularity and health
fulness in their action; the sweat glands to throw out more impurities.
rilustratad book of 3 . wg will tell you what I. the what to do. t
WILLIAMS. DAVIS. BROOs a CO.. Detroit. Mleb.
.Tak.Uverlet t" ta Sick Nmdm:ineaasad a" Be s sae.
z « S
their vows. The masculine horror of a
swell, display wedding is one of the answers
to the query: "Why don't men marry ?
If a man could just take his best girl and
step ground to the parson, there would be a
boom in the matrimonial market.
In all good truth it does seem that no
where else in the world is there more need
for a few enlightened rays of common sense
than right here. 'The rich are a law unto
themselves. Let them marryand give in
marriage as they choose, but let the poor
man and his bride sit down and think be
fore they plunge into the folly of a swell
wedding, for marriage is not the end, but
the beginning of real life. I have known
a young couple, where the bride was the
daughter of people in moderate circum
stances, and the groom a young fellow on a
salary, who had his own way to make, who
were almost ruined by the idiotic vanity of
the ghrl's desire- to be married after the
manner of the rich and fashionable. On
the white satin gown and veil, on church
decorations or flowers, and bouquets, and
souvenir pins for the attendants, and car
riages, and the wedding breakfast, was
spent enough to have furnished them a
cosy cottage. The brides of poor young
book-keepers do not, as a rule, have any
pressing ned for white satin gowns, and so
the expensive dress was never worn again.
Worse than that, it became a regular incu
bus, a terror to take care of. She was al
ways looking for a place to put the volumi
nous pakage it made, and the first desidera
tum in moving into a new house or taking
board was always a place to stow it away.
"It was perfectly dreadful," she confes
sed to me, "and the presents became a per
fect nightmare. You know everybody had
rent us things because we sent out so many
invitations and of course they all had to be
returned. Somehow it always come about
so inconveniently. Just as sure as there
was sickness, or we had saved up a little to
have a treat, or buy a coveted piece of
furniture, somebody had to get married,
and we had to send them a wedding present.
There were times when we had to actually
deny ourselves things we needed because
we were vulgarly in debt for a present.
Wasn't it awful?"
There is something pathetic in the way
we make trouble for ourselves, and burden
ourselves with unnecessary cares and bur
dens. Uncounted generations of women
have made martyrs of themselves stitching,
stitching away for dear life on a girl's wed
ding finery, making up dozens and dozens
of articles that were put away to mildew
and rot and be stolen and all this in the
face of the fact that the world is going on as
usual in spite of the fact that Mamie Jones
married Tom Smith. One would like to
say to these overburdened little brides that
this is not the last opportunity there will be
to buy clothing. Business will continue to
be carried on at the old stand, and you will
continue to take an interest in the bargain
counter. Don't let your last days at home
as a girl be a memory of turmoil and labor,
and nerves and worry over clothes. After
you are married you will know that this
time should have been the most precious of
all your life, when you were tasting for the
last time the sweets of home affection and
tenderness with no intervening presence,
and the clinging mother-love that grows so
wistful as it realizes that it is giving up to
a stranger what has been so dear and near.
D)on't start your new. life with debts, or with
appearances you cannot afford, and then
when the time comes for you to be married,
just gro off quiety, like the Georgia girl, and
get married without saying anything about
it. So shall your family and friends rise up
and call you blessed. l)Doorty 1)IX.
Free Pills.
Send your address to H. E.
Bucklen & Co., Chicago, and get
a free sample box of Dr. King's
New Life Pills. A trial will con
{vince you of their merits. These
pills are eas, in action and are par
ticularly effective in the cure of con
stipation and sick headache. For
malaria and and liver tioubles they
have been proved invaluable. They
are guiaranteed to be perfectly free
from every deleterious substance
and to be purely vegetable. They
do not weaken by their action, but
by giving tone to stomach and
bowels greatly invigorate the sys
tem. Regular size 25c. per box.
Sold by Wm. Clegg, druggist.
If you need letter heads, bill
heads, .envelopes, we will print
thenm.
Joe E. Mouton is agent for the
following papers: New Orleans
Times-Democrat, States, Bee, Pica
yune; New York World, Journal,
Courrier des Etats-Unis; Louisville
Courier-Journal; Houston Post;
Atlanta Constitution; Brann's Icon
oclast. Orders at catalogue prices
for all books sold by "Le Courrier
des Etats-Unis."
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETTE.
CAPITAL S50,000.
GROW CIRARD, President. . R. PARKERSON, Oahlier.
J. C. PARKERSON, Vice Prelsident. F. V. MOUTON, Assistant Qsehie
---DIRECTORS-
CROW GIR.4RD, J. S. WSvIII77 T7VGTOn , P. B. ROY,
C. C. BROWN, .4. . Moss, . G. PARKERSON,
4LCIDE JUDICE, Cl S. D. CAFFER Y, NI. P MOSS.
WE Want
Your Trade,
And if low Prices can do it,
We will have it.
We have a nice Stock of Summer Goods at
Summer Prices.
No humbug, call and see for
yourself.
Yours for Success,
MARTIN & DUCOTE.
GUS. LACOSTE,
1DEALER IN
Carriages, Harness,
Stoves, Agricutural Implements of all Kinds.
Pipes, Couplings, Elbows, Nipples, Unions, Tees, Plugs. Gauge
cocks, Brass Valves, Reducers, Foot Valves, Pitcher Spout Pumps.
He is prepared to meet all honest competition. Give him a trial,
he will sell good goods at close prices.
Fresh Goods, New Styles, Low Prices,
AT
Mrs. W. B. Bailey's NEW STORE.
Near the Catholic Church.
A large assortment of Hats, Shapes, Ribbons,
Flowers and Feathers, FANCY GOODS, Belts Em.
broideries, Laces, Etc.
AT B9
CIEII COURT-HOUSE
SOUARE I
YOU CAN BUY.
Pure Drugs,
Fine Groceries,
Good Crockery,
Table and Hardware, the best in Tobaccos and Ci
gars. The Choicest soaps, Perfumery, etc.
So Southern Pacific
Sunset Route"
DOUBLE DAILY NEW ORLEANS
ACAND GALVESTOM
@ TRAIN SERVICEA
SAN ANTONIO
with Bsuffet Sleepers AHD GALVESTSU
Only Standard Gauge Line
Running Through Sleepers to City of Mexico.
Night and Morning Connection at
New Orleans with Lines to
NEW YORK, PHILADELPHIA, WASHINGTON, ALANTA, CIN
CINNATI, ST. LOUIS, MEMPHIS AND CHICAGO.
S. F. e. moRSE, L.* J. PARKS,
Gen'l Pass. & Ticket Agent, A. G.P. & T. A.
New Orleans, La. Houston, 'bxxs.
Good Horses,
New Buggies,
First-Class Teams.
A. A. Mouton & Bro.,