riieta-iid .
n'te. lat a of Nashv ll e
ais;org aand W moMuq
salar W.'000 pemanum. He is
.Pi. le i oJennLD gs, of Jennlngas
College. Nashville. and this aup
eanZ'b largely attributed te the
training hb osreived from his
Swell ats the lattea Influence n
`_ f posttions. This is perhaps the
" Ieaho'ougb and influential scohool in the
States. Its graduates nearly always
- positions. - Nashville Christian
seeoo rPestlea Is a usamr.
fe- fsonllowra letter explains itself:
. Ouawv'·NlrvL's H x Roux, GA.,
2. ,- l 97,O r 18-Profe or a. W. Jennings,
N a- h ylll--Dear Bir: No doubt you will be
uar, muprised to hear from me. but as I know
. are larys gllad to hear from your
o.·." tlO~l, WtaOll Uh that I have been
l d book-keeper n above named bank.
° -I'om'usy it because I am writing to you,
- b t 1 have said to many others that the
three months I spent with you was worth as
much to me as was the twelve years'
e e•olnn I had gRotten previously. I have
p y em myaa books which I used at Jen
minag' Business College with the books of
several other colleges, which other young
men from this section attended, and they
all acknowledged that your course is much
more thorough and practical than the
schools they attended.
Yours truly, T. J. Sripsox;
Write for catalog with names of 1,000
students from 58 States. Address
B. W. Jzxxaixs. Nashville, Tenn.
Distress in the Stomach
.leartburh, Sick Head
ache. and other symp
toms of fTlpepsli
troubled me for several
years. Since I have been
taking MODi'S SAM
SAPAMRILL.A all this ;. .
s changed. Dyspepsia
trouble no longer bothers
me. I do not have heart
burn and I m free from
headacheh. I have gaIned
in flesh and feel betterin
MueLm...H.. 7W. J. l~
Coos, artinavills, Ill
Hood's Cures
ooed's Pills are purely vegetable. Mo.
CUES DVENTER
CHOLERA INFANTUMI,
AFFECT NSTHE mBOWELS.
ent etnm e have use your Bro.ge's Cor.
/lal in our fafhily for some time past. and are
perfectly ratisled with its effects. Would not
willingy do without it. espectfully,
J. B. Rosnwso.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
S PRICE, goo. and $1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO
wow Orles.. I
Wanted
A First-Class
Man or Woman I
To look after our subscribers, I
secure renewals and new Ij
names. The coming season, _: e
1893 and 1894, will be the it
greatest in the history of THE
LADIES' HOME JOURNAL. TO o
celebrate the Tenth Anniver- i i
sary we have secured the most
costly and artistic features i| t:
ever published-all the great i n
and popular writers: Howells,
Stockton, Burnett. I
Profitable employment of- ' :
fered. Write for particulars.
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING Co.
PHILADELPHIA, PA.
Corticelli Dtln
crowdýls of visitors at
theWorld's Fair. Fin
Dshed examples or this
D arnin or are alo on exhi
bitlon. Corieella
LWash Embrdery S Eilk E].conve
le put up on a spools, is used for
eantCorticli Drawn
In the Qandlin ctlon on Columbia Avenue. Hanu
_turers' BuiiSuld e Workin hours for expert at
tedentsfrom 10 H w. to 5 P.h..Soundays excepted.
Fleresee Hlome Needlewo-rk for l593explatno
thee".nlque and Ikeclnatlog" opertiona. Cro.
cbeted Lamp Shades. Embroidery and Pillow Lace hc
arethe other mubjects. Bend 6 cta.. mentioning year,
nrwllRt Cma outb o..chpp. IUeen tr.leoUs.
O 'lerencs . Mass sf
Unlike the Dutch Prouess
No Alkalies
OtherChemicals b
mr used In the Of
preparation orf b
pure sad seolble.
v nreesran e lerwhere.
-Pt bA. 'w _._n
D. iZ H H. srov.A,
* P. . A. J ?~: , tie
'- Ir..,,
- &9
5--Rorr
Bome of the Queer Buildings of the
White City.
OQd and Alry Dwelllugs of the Javanese
- Straw-Stack Rate of the South
.as Islanders - Notes La
Geaeral.
Ispeelal Chicago Correspondeneal
There never was a queerer lot of
buildings gotten together than are to
be seen in the Columbian metropolis at
Jackson park. Scattered throughout
the grounds are all the different styles
of architecture of every race of people
on the globe, from the bush hut of the
Australian ranger to the palace of the
American millionaire.
A study of the primitive structures of
the savages of far distant islands of the
great oceans is afforded the people of
the big cities of civilization, who but
for this grand fair would have had no
knowledge of them save that gleaned
from books of traveL There is also an
excellent opportunity to become ac
quainted with the manners and customs
of the strange races of the earth in
their everyday life at the fair, for
everything is juq as it is in their native
villages beyond Mhe big' waters.
In the fair grounds proper there are
the Esquimaux, the cliff dwellers of
the southwvest and the aborigines of
the eastern states. These are domi
ciled each colony by itself in dwellings
fashioned after those of their native
habitations, conforming as near as pos
sible to the native architecture for the
benefit of the civilized world.
The little people of the extreme north
in their enforced imitation of semi
tropic customs are not altogether in
their proper element, but they manage
to hang on to the ragged edge of exist
ence and give a very faithful repre
sentation of their home life in the frigid
zone.
In somewhat as forlorn a condition
are the tawny-skinned denizens of the
mountains of Mexico, who, in order to
carry out the idea of being domiciled
in their native state, are compelled to
e3g fr
JAV .'' LLIAG___.
I II
JAVA wVU inIIArmi -
JAV VLLAGE.
lead a counterfeit existence in a
huge heap.of tin fashioned as nearly
like a miniature mountain as the car
penters and tinners of the fair could
make it.
Then there are the various tribes o
eastern Indians in their make-believe
tepees over on the lake front. Here
there is a more faithful representation
of natural conditions than is to be found
in either of the other colonies.
But for the genuine article of primi
tive architecture the Midway Plaisance
must be sought. Here are the Lapland
FIJI DRUIMMER. C
ere, South Sea islanders, Javanese. Da- C
homeyans, all of whom hold forth in
villages composed of houses fashioned
after the ones they live in when at n
home in their own coun tries.
More picturesque and airy than the a
rest are, possibly, the diminutive dwell- t
ings of the Javanese. Constructed U
wholly of bamboo and matting inade of 0
bamboo splints, they are the perfection a
of hot weather quarters. From a casual d
glance one would think they would
hardly withstand the faintest puff of a
wind, so lightly are they constructed,
k
0
yet through the many severe blows to
A BUSK HUT. ti
yet through the many severe blows to is
which Chicago has been subjected since fc
they were erected they have remained m
intact. Among the queer structures of ti
this quaint little village is the theater w
building in the central portion of the cc
grounds. This is a somewhat preten- tb
tious building to be constructed of such is
light materiaL It is about thirty feet as
high, thirty feet wide and fifty feet th
,l *4, Is 1 o. mpw. oS e1thirI but hi
lud matting sniob sWý;: -psed on the
other houses.
The lork of building this vis
was a mammoth undertiking for the
little brown people who inhabit it, but
on their leisurely fashion they finally
accomplished it. and are now quite
comfortable and contented in their
little dove-cotes of houses.
Nearly as odd as the houses of the
diminutive Javanese are the huts-of the
Fijians. close by on the opposite side of
the Plaisance. Strongly resembling
scooped-out straw satDeks ofan ancient
date, they nevertheless afford the in
habitants ample protection from all
kinds of weather. This is all Ahat is
required of them, as the highest con
ception of comfort of which these peo
ple are capable is a full stomach and a
place to crawl into and sleep.
We might go on and enumerate the
different styles of architecture in vogue
among the civilized nations, but lack
of spacbwill not permit. Suffice it to
say that there is hardly a characteristic
architecture in the world that is not
represented in our great White City.
And not only the buildings are shown,
but the minutest details of everyday
life are faithfully portrayed, so that a
few hours spent among the vioages of
the fair will afford about as much
knowledge of the different countries as
would a complete tour of the world.
ARTISTIC DECORATION.
The Beantifal Weork Donse i Corn i
Iowa's Buulding.
The Iowa state building at the
world's fair is literally done in corn.
The great cereals which are the basis
of the state's wealth have here been
transferred to the realm of art and dec
oration. For a decade or more Iowa
has been celebrated for its "corn pal
aces." Certain artisans of the state
have acquired great experience in the
manipulation of the cereals for decora
tive effects; and now in the grand an
niversary year this experience has stood
them in good stead for the production
of a rural ornamentation, which will
prove an attractive feature of the fair.
The main hall of the building is a
a veritable temple of Ceres; where the
y skillful use of ruddy and golden corn
ears and cobs successfully simulates
d the dainty saffron of old laces and the
faded maroon of time-worn velvets, and
where the eye catches mellow shafts
e and fugitive glints of dim color, rarely
e seen save in the dusky aisles of old
n cathedrals.
I At first thought, corn-cobs would
seem to be unpromising materials for
an artist to work with, but they have
here been handled with truly marvel
ous effect in mazy cubes, rosettes, fes
toons and panels.
At either end of the hall is a large
American eagle wholly in various tints
and hues of corn, the beak and legs
golden, the outstretched wings in red
kernels, shading off to a tint as deli
cate as the heart of a sea-shell.
Twelve massive columns, swathed in
oats and grasses, studded with mosaic
cubes of colored corn and fluted at the
capitals with millet heads, support the
high ceiling. Extending round the
hall near the windows are twenty-four
smaller columns wrought in wheat.
Four large pa.nels represent four lead
ing industries of the state-stock rais
ing, dairying, mining, pottery-so
faithfully done in cereals as to resem
ble great pictures.
The mining panel portrays a sturdy
youth in a shirt of red corn, trousers of
millet heads and cap from seed of vari
ous kinds. The flesh tints of face and
brown hands are strikingly brought
out by the natural color of corn husks.
The dairy panel represents a girl of
comely face in light corn husk, a dress
of red cobs and tresses of brown corn
silk. The cow by her side is in millet
heads. Three cows and a calf, also in
millet, adorn the stock panel.
The panel depicting pottery sets forth
a young artisan, in a Roman cloak of 1
tinted corn. in the act of fashioning an
urn made of fine seeds. The shading
of the potter's cloak in corn is very
artistic, the coloring running from a
deep rich red to a light pink.
Other pieces represent music, art,
astronomy and literature. In the south
west corner of the hall is located a
kind of aery, or balcony, for a band or
orchestra: and here are several really E
wonderful designs wrought in corn- t
cobs and grapevines. One, for exam
ple, is designed as a Roman vase, com
posed of cobs, holding a vine which has I
leaves and husks and supports a flower j
fashioned out of a red ear of popcorn.
The artists-for thus the decorators
must be designated-have displayed
not only patience and fidelity in their
work, but the promptings of true a
genius. In performing their work c
twelve hundred bushels of corn have C
been used, and mcre than seven thou- a
sand sheaves of wheat, oats, millet and
other cereals.
A ScorcHMa y, who employs four 8
thousand French women in Paris mak
ing lace, has sent a pair of curtains
for a bay window. In the six
months required for the making of
these curtains two thousand different ti
women worked on them. The f
cost of this single pair of curtains 1,
three yards long was six thousand dol- tl
lars. The Scotchman himself came to
superintend the hanging of his fifty
thousan dollar1' worth 9$ lace Ca- a
hbitik
mre, 7° "WORK OF SAVAGES.
the Mamyrress ThJta the Atrs MNa
- ibit.
w Interesting, hbough largely "photo
t lgraphic." is the Australian collective
exhibit in the Anthropological building.
l~aving joined forces with the British
Sir 8outh Sea island possessions, many ca
rious native implements are shown. In
the laid bowls, modeled in curious desglln,
the combs, Idols, hair pins, paddles and in
Sof laid wooden spears, with one thousand
ag other odds and ends, and photographs
t bewildering make up the collection.
in- Although chiefly the work of canna
all balistie tribes, some beautiful bits of
is decorative wood and pearl show the
on. artistic in the savage; and, what is
eo. more, the Illawarra tribe from New
I a South Wales has an artist whose paint
ings are on exhibition and highly
the valued. ]is name was "Mickey," and
rue he was the shining light of the tribe.
wck 'Mickey" wasn't always an artist. For
to many years he fought and battled with
,tic opposing tribes, but from exposure
not rheumatism set into his joints and he
ty. was unable to walk. He lay around his
Vh, but unable to move, and realizing that
ay his days were nearly over he gave up
a all hope of ever again throwing the
of friendly boomerang in warfare, and de
ich cided to make a name for himself and
as to prove to the world that he was not
an ordinary savage.
So he drew pictures of fisbes in the
water, boats sailing, and trees-in fact,
made pictures of his own native heath.
Viewed from an artist's standpoint
the they are not in harmony with the mod
rn. ern French ideas, but as a savage ex
sis pression of art are interesting and show
oen great knowledge of form. "Mickey" is
ec- dead now, but he has accomplished his
wa ideal and we know he rests in the
al- realm of the great. Mr. Bowman, the
ste superintendent of the exhibit, says he
she would speak to no one while at work,
ra- but kept away from the tribe, and
n- when his picture was finished would
ed call the chiefs and have a grand dance.
on "Mickey" was also a "Duk-Duk," and
'ill of course on that account was much re
ir. spected by the cannibals all over the
ia islands.
The Duk-Duk is a secret society on
the island of Tareyn and is strictly t
tabn. So strict are the rules of the or
ganization that should an uninitiated
boy or woman chance upon the island
he or she would be instantly killed or
beaten and tortured to death. The be
lief of the islanders is that the Duk
Duk are devils, and as they carry bones t
around their neck which when shaken
make a great rattle, the superstition is
that the Duk-Duk's bones are not in
the body, but outside, and they shake
in the wind. Should a Duk-Duk visit
another island sure death would befall
the chief of the island visited. The r
system of Dik-Duk has lodges all over
the island, and Mr. Bowman says that
they are organized purely for the pur- a
pose of promoting cannibalism and
preventing the white man from civil-. 1
izing and instructing them. t
INDIAN EDUCATION.
The Canadian Exhibit In the Llberal
Arts Building at the World's Falr.
In some particulars the British
methods of managing the North Ameri- g
can Indians has been more successful e
than that pursued by the white people t
south of the great lakes. In Canada's
exhibit in the Liberal Arts building
there is an Indian exhibition which
shows that the Canadians have relied t
upon the education of the Indians to h
control them. Long preceding like
effort in the United States, the Cana
dians have had Indian industrial
e schools in operation, and the exhibit in
- Canada's display consists of products of .
a these schools, and along with it at
e present are seven Indian girls and s
d boys. They are from the northwest sb
a territory, and are pupils of St. Albert's
v school. Edmonton, San Boniface's t
a school, opposite WVinnipeg, and the
school at Battleford on the Saskatche
wan river. The girls and boys repre- c
r sent the Crees, Satteux and Muske
gons of the northwest territory, and
are from the blanketed or most un- h,
civilized tribes of the dominion. The
children are kept at work before the
public at their respective trades, and a
make an interesting and creditable a
showing at mantua-making, harness
making, boot and shoe making, and hi
typesetting. They are surrounded by at
samples of work from all the industrial T1
schools, and in contrast are arrayed at
Indian fabrications,feathered garments, 13,
utensils and weapons, which they a
made wore, and used in the savage
state.
as
The exhibit in its entirety is striking he
and interesting, and instructive in mi
showing what the Canadians are doing w,
for its six hundred children in the in- an
dustrial schools and seven thousand at bu
the Indian day and boarding schools. o
The children at present at work will
be replaced by others soon from other fl1
schools, and Charles de Cazes, who has ro
the Canadian Indian exhibit in charge, sp
will shortly have some of the blanketed It
Indians of the northwest territory
added to Prof. Putnam's ethnological a'
exhibit.
The Tempersane Conventions.
The World's WVoman's Christian Tem- O
perance union and the National Wom
an's Christian Temperance union of the
United States will hold their conven- Di
tions on successive days beginning Octo- y
ber 16, 1893, in the city of Chicago, in di
the Memorial Art Institute building, in di,
which are held all the great congresses an
of the Columbian exposition year. This th.
will be the twentieth convention of the
White Ribboners of the United States
and the second biennial convention of ab
the World's WV. C. T. U. The conven- th.
tion of the World's W. C. T. U. will be ne
composed of Its general officers and ex
ecutive committee, the secretaries and thi
treasurers of auxiliary national socie- he
ties, the world's superintendents of de
partments, the editors and publishers
of the official organ and one additional
delegate for every one thousand mem- 5
bers of auxiliary national societies.
FORTY:FIVE engines are in the power
plant, not including motors scattered
all through the White City. There is
one engine twice as large as the great
Corliss over which the world wondered
at the cen tennial.
ONrE Austrian firm shows two thou' an
sand pieces of glass woven from a wine-. Ca
glass as thin as an egg shell to a gold- fail
plated punch bowl in which a regiment one
might have ladled. bot
·IWENTY gondolas mana'ed by Vene
tian gondoliers. four state barges, forty- me
five el'ectric launches, twenty steam
launches and six steamboats navigate no3
the interior waters of the fair ang
del4
A BLOCK of mica, ten inches thick the
weighing fourteen hnndel4 pound,* i
am QOilrIq .Welt tlso
.THE PLY AND NHI WAYi
SWates Me Preladed Hianm With a .ema.. e
Stmilar to }i FIle.
oto- In the dtst place the common dy--or s
tive house fly-that getp into the milk and j
ing. butter and heas to be kept from the
bish table by fans has a wounderful machine ,
en- that is carried about to make life pos- 4
In. sible. The mouth of the little black
ign, scamp is a curious contrivance to get
i in food out of impossible places.
and This mouth is really nothing more or -
pbh less than a tongue, which runs in and -
but of the head like the tongue of a 4
a". snake. When the hovering insect sees <
a of a good spot to light on, where there is 4
the a prospect of a meal, he settles down, 4
i" shakes a leg or two, and then runs his e
yew mouth out ready for business.
Int. This piece of machinery seems to come
hly out of the head, and it will always look
and that way if you don't take a good peep p
Ube. at the fly through a glass some day a
For when he is busy on a lump of sugar.
rith Then you will see that the tiny black
ure thread just unfolds from beneath the
he head, where there is a little socket pre
his pared for it.
hat When the tongue comes out it spreads
up and the end divides into two broad,
the flat leaves that are planted flat down T
de. on the food that is to-be stolen. This 6
and is like nothing so much as a pump with to
not a terribly strong `'draw," that sucks up t
all the sweet sirup there may be on the
the lump of sugar. de
e, But if the food should be hard and di
th. the fly cannot get a good hold of it he di
int touches a little muscle spring and the P1
od- smooth surface of his tongue roughens
up like a file. Back and forth these v4
edges work until the hard surface is "`
torn and scraped, and the particles that
the fly likes are sucked up into the C
the stomachlL.
the Then the fly balances on four of his
he six legs and uses the front pair as a
rk, napkin, wiping off his tongue. He is a
nd neat little foellow and never takes a
uld mouthful without brushing his face
ie. carefully. Of course it would be far
better if he should use a bit of cloth
r- rather than his hands-they must be
hands if four of the others are feet
but it would be a bit awkward for him
to go sailing around with a napkin
on tied to his belt. It would be funny,
tly too, wouldn't it?
o Then the fly gives a sudden flip of
nd his wings, making them go so fast that
you cannot see them, and he is off.
0or aybe he has been chewing the cover
- of a book, for there are wonderful fly
dainties concealed in the coloring mat
as ter of the cloth binding, and then when
en he skips off he leaves a little spot of
i white where he has scraped up the col
n or and eaten it. Maybe he has been
ke standing on the back of your hand sip
ll ping the perspiration, of which he is
he very fond, and then he leaves a faint
red mark and a slight stinging feeling.
er Don't be alarmed, though, for the
house fly has nothing of a poisonous
tr sort in him and cannot hurt you. Some
ad of his cousins have a way of biting and
leaving sore places, especially those
that drink blood, but the house fly is
not a cannibal. lIe is very well civil
ized.
But we are far ahead of our story.
We have not seen yet how the flies are
born. It is during the hot days of Au
gust and September that most of the
eggs are laid, and as they hatch out in
1 about two weeks-sometimes in less
e than that-the swarms of the insects
become very thick at that time. As
ig the cold weather comes the flies begin
to die off. 'Many of them, millions,
have died natural deaths before then
-the average life of a fly is about nine
ce days-and millions more have trod un
a wisely on sticky paper, and perished T
there in the gum.
a Other millions have taken greedy
sips from deadly sweets that have been
at spread out on papers and in dishes to
slay them, and their dead bodies have
at been swept away into the (lust bin.
s Still other millions have tumbled into
, the milk and gone bravely into ihe
° butter, while a few thousand have been
e- crushed by quick hands or snapped by
* rubber bands. Countless numbers have
° been eaten by the birds, and even Tab- S
d by and Towser have snapped up a few
- hundreds.
1 So the great fly family has perished,
e and when the first frosts come there
d are only a few old grandfathers and
° grandmothers buzzing slowly around
looking after the nests of eggs that
d have been laid carefully in the nooks
Y and corners to provide for the spring.
1 Then the cold gets too much for them
and they are found some cold morning
' lying on their backs or sticking fast to
7 a window pane that is all white around.
So for some months there are no flies,
and at first we are glad and speak of
R how nice it is to be without the tor
n ments. But before the 'yintcr is over
we are apt to miss their merry buzzing
and feel lonesome without their cheery,
busy presence, and we sometimes catch
ourselves wishing for a fly.
1 With what glee do we hail the first
Sfly of spring! Why, hlie is like the first
B robin out on the frosty lawn. We
Sspeak about him at the dinner table.
I It is a great event.
P "Pshaw!" someone says, "I saw a fly
1 a week ago!"
But there, what's the use of trying to
get ahead of folks that are always
noticing little things? They are sure
to beat you in the long run.
Hlow did those two early flies get
out? Where did they come from?
Didn't all the flies die last autumn?
Yes, yes; you are right. All the flies
did die last autumn, but before they
died they left some eggs stored away,
and when the warm air of spring came
these eggs hatched, and the little or
phans crept out, the first of their kind,
and were lonesome at first, and bazzed
about sadly until more came and then
they were happy, and the whole busi
ness began over again.
WVhen the shell bursts and out comes
the young fly, he is just as big as when
he tries to drag himself from the gum
paper five or six days hater.
"August 1
Flower"'
My wife suffered with indigestion ,
and dyspepsia for years. Life be
came a burden to her. Physicians
failed to give relief. After reading
one of your books, I purchased a
bottle of August Flower. It worked
like a charm. Mywifereceivedim- Ad
mediate relief after taking the first tte
dose. She was completely cured- a
now weighs x65 pounds, and can eat
anything she desizes without any 85.1
deleterious results as was formierly
thecase. C. H. Dear, Prop'rWash- *
ingayI@K4ousi@ Wabhingtoual~s,..l9 944
For Sumsmer Cookery
Royal Baking Powder will bi found the
greatest of helps. With least labor and
trouble it makes bread, biscuit and cake
of finest flavor, light, sweet, appetizing
and assuredly digestible and wholesome.
Lova is a disease, and the -most fortunate
patient in this, as in other diseases is he
*bo, never having read a book of medicine,
does not know what ails him, but suffers
blindly.
WoNDERa if Jatjat Jit Bingh's 800 wives
were obliged to take his name, and it so,
how much they took at a time.-Cbhicago
Dispatch.
If You Had a Friend
Tormented with dyspepsia, you could not
give him better advice than to adopt and
stick to a courseof Hostetter'stLtomach Bit
ters finest and safest of tonics and regula
tors. This is no barren assertion. Expe
rience has proved, physicians and thepublio
certify to it. No less emphatio is their in
dorsement of it as a remedy for malarial
disease, constipation, rheumatism, kidney
disease, Rout and neuralgia. Use it with
persistence.
"I DIDN'T know it was so late," said the
volcano, awaking from its long slumber.
"I must start my fire."
J. A. Joexsos, Medina, N.Y., says: "Hall's
Catarrh Cure cured me." Bold by druggists,
75 cents.
A GOOD THING TO KNOW!
:fHORSE SfOE PLUG
Is made especially for those desiring a
FIRST-CLASS CHEW.
Vu SHOULD KNOV(
THIS FACT.
THAT AIR, BAN Kt & CO.
" *OF ST. LouIS MAKE A SOAP
cLED CltAIRTTE
WHICH WAS No EQVAL.
STAN DAD QuALITY BW(IGHT ,
' fo 'K roco* p o r,
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
McELREES'
fWINE OF CARDUI.
,, I
For Female Diseases.
Latest Styles
-IN
L'Art De L ode.
L. T33 LATYSY FPLAS ALB SEW
0OR5 IraSIONI.
Order it of yom r ew8 deelo r or
W.J. MSll'lE. PbUalhsew
S Em ratZ ath., ll3w 1srh. -
,1e The Best
SWaterproof
Coat
in the
SLICKER
eovasitbentlreaddlea. Bewareeimltautasm zion'
as eat ot lb sla Brand" Ino on t. &If tr
Eczema, Oatarrh,
A-nd TOTALLY DEAF were the causes of my
little daughter's suffering for seven years. D.
HYATT cured all of them completely.
- HHERMAN WVAITI
112 Monroe Street. Memphis, Teun.
$8.00 A MONTH covers the entire cost of
by mail. for alt Chronic, Nervona. tinood or
td i disase. ~r~Write for Simpytom Elank FREE,
J, W. YATT, Y.D., Bpciallst,
00 eUow F SUQWI#GAt. ' i asa TR , , ,
The Tree Lazatlwe PWnelple
Of the plants used in manufacturing the
pleasant remedy, Syrup of Figs has a per
manentlyv benefiii effect on the iuman ays
tern, while the cheap regetable extracts anc
mineral solutions, usually sold as medloines,
are permanently injurious. Being well in
formed, you will use the true remedy only.
Manufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co.
"You say you wunst lived off'n the fat of
the land," jeered Silas. "How d'ye eat i#1"
'"Ett it with the forks of the road," responid.
ed Rufus.-Demorest's.
MDiCAL. science has achieved a great
triumph in the production of Beecham's
Pills, whickrreplace a medicine chest. 25c.
"IJ there is one tsme more than another,"
says an experienced married man, "when
a woman should be left alone, ,jt is when a
line of clothes come down in the zqud."
LADIES can permanently beautify their
complexion with Glenl's Sulphur Soap.
- ill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 60c.
TrEn flies fastest on the wings of a promo
isory note.-Puck.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston.
A benefit is always experienced from
the first bottle, and a perfect cure is war
ranted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused ky the ducts being
stopped, and always disappears in a week
after taking it.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespdonful in water at bed
time, and read the Label.
NOTEo lttloK
ORR THE CE UK t
NEEDLES her e. e
S|flTrANDARD GrOO0
SHUTTLES, s n B = ' p
REPAIRS lstLM'r' C.
3 EVER DAY We want Oue to
work for us. we o_ a
m * ,- ,- e. ou the ges oods on 65
W--N L  I:_.. K oezxerlenee needed. A
- .aas.ean ea, a P,.t e im. d
RL WELLS cnwmv
DRILL WELLS BEST MACHINERY
CandTOOLe i the world. Reliable ork sured
easepuv esad peOpleol
who have weak iung or Asth.
ma. should us PK.o' C.e for
Consumption. It has eared
theusade·. It has not injun.
edone. ItIlnLotbadgt take.
It isthe best sough syrup.
Sold everywhere. Sae.
A. N. K., F. 1468
Wnaa RITIx T@ ADVERTIsaeR PIS&
utage thet m. NOW te AdOes~degag £9