are oa
Son
deep 1
vised
As
COver
Ui "about
The v
M Ao.W.co~oeYn oeet'.
AT
Cl-for2d. N.D mous
Nev.,
Ila l mto erfl Reumatisr, n , ,
Aem
Use of Limbs and Health Restoredn coal
by Hood's sarsaparilla. ly in
"1 believe Hood's Sarsaparlla is one of the be a:
most wonderful blood purifiers ever placed on i^dl
the market. In the fall of 1890 I took a severe
eslG atharpsttime audit settled in my limbs
sad VV=*a ueon mped toto infiammatory
hettAitelr trllyg rdfforent remedies Tit
000 a
Ho od arsa ::
I-L-LI-II ir othe .
in cl
thec
s Mtres Tn
A pr s tt ills apol
ma sue sgg all winter. I became so aoppled .of
that Ibad to walk with the aid of crutches. Ale
triend prevailed upon me to take liood's Sarsa- pie.
parllasand it has fully restored me to healia Ti
sa -2 think it also saved my life." A. W. had
COOL Y, Clifford, North Dakota. pres
Hood's Pille cure Constipation by restor of i
log the peristaltic action of the alimentary canal vas
A Powerful n
Flesh Maker. Ga.
A process that kills the A
taste of cod-liver oil has apo
done good service-t'-bilt re
the process that both kills A
the taste and effects par- re
tial digestio has done N Nei
mucji .npr A
Scott's Emulsio
stands-.alane fiPrn -/ield A
of fat-foods. It zq-asy o
assimilation because part- oth
"te4 frf~re takqen. be
zmu 's eetS -idna. ere
sumPIid t nd - rill other
asting diseases.
oul
lI GQIOIIM OF kT U
lel
,  ColCal
str
nan
the
-OLD BY ALL DRU- I1
DISORDERS OF TE UVER.
so]
TSSTWMONT.
I have used - rodie's Pills for inny years_ in
Unlike thanS Save found them nvProlusb in In
al ss, ad as Livher P i do not think they hal
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS. sti
L. W. ACOProprietors d
,with 1ta s r t
lA ! ýtrs eerwher".
nWErIYthUWoMTA
,,WI1.6LN oA K,, -'* ER..
Utilik the Dutch Procsss
No Alkalies
-os
TTa mines tributary to Butte City
ean tputf28000 000 a ar.
sembles pure buttA,. has been disco The
Yd a 1m 4 s, in The
are sz4 to rave yielded $500 000000
wo~thle i* ro~nnrio t
SOME of the Comktke nines are so of t
deep that no means has yet been de- t inel
vised to overcome the excessive heat. as th
A pHOSPRATE deposit has been dis- The t
covered in 13radley county, Tenn., feet I
about twenty miles from Chattanooga. longe
The vein, so far as known, is sixteen her
feet" wide aid about nine miles long. whill
AT a depth of 8,000 feet in the fa- sense
mous Comstock mine at Virginia City, toget
Nev.. the waters that trickle from In
sides, roof and bottom have a uniform ends
teniperature of 170 degrees Fahrenheit. bore
AusTRALIA mined 4,037,029 tons of throl
coal last year. The supply is apparent- tion
ly inexhaustible, and is counted on to inch,
be an important factor in the future the
industridl development of the country. each
I ------rivet
COLONIZATION NOTES. rivet
. ,. objet
STUE French tongoregiO$ cover 250,- blac0
000 square miles. The population is thos
estimat? d at, 7,000,000. but there are get
o-ly 8i360 luropeans in that number. fran
L IBRALTAR is a crown colony, and then
the governor, who is also commander are
in chief of the garrison. exercises all 3 sh'
the executive and legislative functions. 8 inz
TEE Spanish dependencies now have as
a population of 8,500,000. In the days usec
d of Spain's greatest glory the colonies low,
wdere estimated to have 150,000,000 peo- sZUI
The
TanI. South African British colonies line
1. had in 1840 a population of 140,000; at it
present it is 1,850,000, with a business ont
of £17,000,000 and 1,800 miles of rail
way.
NATURE'S QUEER WAYS.
M1ns. W. C. WIVATLEY. of Roswell,
Ga., has a chicken which flutters around
with only one wing.
A CALF with eight legs and two tails,
all perfectly formed, was lately added
to the live stock of George Ruhl, of
Fresh Ponds, N. J.
A re fifteen months old that meas
ures six feet long and weighs nearly
five hundred pounds is owned by Wiley
Neville, of Brassville N'. C. be
A eoAY fox on a West Chester (Pa.) ren
farm is on terms of friendship with a lot an,
of young beagle dogs and frequently i
sleeps in the same" pen with them. tac
A sePIm with legs four and one-half the
Iches in lengthy a back three inches wil
odni Wvay 'and four anit one-half the a
other, and weighing nine ounces, has ia
been reported from Alabama. sh
,A TrEE hat smok9es has been aicqt be
ered in the Japteiese village of Ono. It am
is sixty feet high, and just after sun- vi
set, every evening, smoke issues from sec
the top of the trunk. It is called the thi
volcanic tree. shi
thi
A StmEaicA locomotive builders turned mi
out 1,058 locomotives last year, a do ha
crease over previous years. co
W
100 Reward. S100.
The reader of this paper will be pleased to
learn that there is at least one dreaded
disease that science has been able to cure in A
all its stages, and that is Catarrh. Hall's
Catarrh Care is the only positive cure
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
being a constitutional disease, requires s
constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh fa
Cure is taken internally, acting directly on m
the blood and mucous surfaces of the li
system, thereby destroying the foundation
of the disease, and giving the patient to
strength by, building up the c.nstt tion ea
and assisting naturem doingits wor. The s
~roprictors have so.much faith in its dura
ove powolm, that they offer One Hundred 9'
Dollars for un case that it fails to cure. hl
Send for list of testimonials. in
Address, F. J. CHENEY & CO, Toledo, O.
1Soldby Druggists, 75c.
ll's Family Pills, 25 cents. C1
"'You say there is absolutely no founds- h
tion for the story that she writes poetry. aj
What makes you so positive?" "I've seen
some of it.'"-i3uffalo Courier.
s n Would You Like to -*Shake" isalarias,
ein In the sense of getting rid of it, instead of q
they having it shake you Of course you would.
Then use Hostetter's Stomach Bitters and a
give it the grand and final "sl.ake." This
3. standard medicine eradicates it root and r,
branch, and fortifies the system against it. d
Most effectual, too, is the Bitters in cases of
*p dyfpoepsia,biliousness.constipatipn, nervous- n
, rheumatic and kidney complaints. I
"'ISv'T it strange that Miss Flirt, who is
tuch a belle,-has never been engaged?" 8
1'Yes, shoea a sort of. bell without a ring."- a
Philadelphia Record. r
Western American Scenery. a
The Chicago Milwaukee & St. Paul R'y c
has now ready fordistribution a sixteen page 1.
portfolio of scenes along its line, half tones, a
of the size of the World's Fair portfolios
lately issued. They are only ten cents each '
and can be obtained without delay by N
remitt.in the amount to GEO. H. HEAFFORD, 1
General -ass. Agent, Chicago, Ill. t
Tar latest discovery made about trees is t
that "the woods are full of them."
LADIES ran perminncntly beautify their c
_ o-illexion with Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Iill's Iair and hiskerl Dye, 50 cents.
o
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
ms tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly ueed. The many, who live bet
terthan 1usrm4Ud-njOy life more, with
less expenditiuire, -by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
r the needs of physical being, will attest
thiralue to-health of the pure liquid
itftive prIbeiples .embraced in the
SpIC p of Fig s. .
u Its excllece is due to ts presenting
sied in the form most acceptable and pleas
o! ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
cup. beneficial properties of a perfect lax
anr ative; effetually cleansing the system,
diselling col headaches and fever
alpk a d piven satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medial
oU profession, because it acts on the Kid
r neyrom Liver and Bowels without weak
oi ening them and it is perfectly free from
y ve ryobjectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drg
amplets gistin c and S1 bottles, but it is man
ge ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
togs2 Co. only, whose name is printed on every
jw~ ~oflY ult~~~ QI~
VERY EASiLY MADE .
S . i -o a si . str wamv g.r W t .
The .ketch gives a fair idde of a oriae- Q O
utl imptenenmet which .n m6st eany irEsmer :
possessed of a .little: mechanlcal skill
may manufacture at home., The frame t
of the barkow is made of oak or other I
tough woocdand the pieces .may be 8-b ,y Ra
4 inches, or sny size desired, socording stal
as the harrow is to be light or iavyry. Fital
The two side 'pieces should be about 8
feet long and the middle piece one foot e
longer. A. good plan is to get the tim- hone
her hewed out and dressed neatly h
while green, and then to allow it to
season a month or-two before putting g
together.
In making the, harrow, round off the
ends of all the frame pieces. and then
bore at least three half-inch holes
through at right angles to the direc- 1
tion of the teeth; one hole at least 6
inches from each end and another in
s the middle. Put half-inch bolts in
each hole and screw up. If preferred mnor
rivets may be used instead of bolts; the thro
object is to prevent splitting. Have a rond
blacksmith make two irons each like and
a those represented by Figs, and 4. To
e get the size of these irons, lay the
frame out in the desired shape sad rang
3 then measure where the dotted line this
r are shown in Fig. 1. The plates at Fig'. i
1 8 should be about 3-10 inch thick and floa
8 inches wide, with inch-holes drilled
as shown. Two of these plates are one
used, one on the upper side and one bo ri
low, and the frame bolted to them alid
snugly. The iron plates at Fig. 4
uiti be o inches wide and quite thick.
Their position is shown in the dotted trot
lines. They are oolted to- the sides
with suitable bolts, and the three hole. fee
on the other end enable the harrow t pfee
/slo]
use
r f ing
1 yai
S nd slipping the wings back and forth.
Id .ri
tached to the front end or a bolt runth
shown in Fig. 5 are to be used, and may
be purchased readymade or any bla set
Ssmith may make them. They are th
t) removing the top of thserve midto hold the to
of and slipping the wings back and forth.
securely An ordinary place when drivel may be at-ly
f through withe one-inch holes, whichand a
he a rivet in the end for them not splitting.earer
than 8 inhes Fig. 5 are to be used, and may fet
Smanner oased reattaching a pair ofy plack
smith may make them. They are cut thi
in- with spurs which serve to hold them, to
3m securely in place when driven tightly pL
to handles to the harrow, if desired. Of at
course the harrow should be painted. - ne
Walter J. Garrison, in Farm and Home to
th
Ito APPLYING MOISTURE. th
a inA New System of sub-lrrigation foW in
1 i' Early Crops.
re The amount of moisture required dur- of
.rug the seas on cannot be controlled by to
srrb farmers and gardeners unless some
method is devised to permit of an unl- tb
limerated supply of water and to carry it ra
ient to the plants without involving great tl
ion expense. The windmill will provide a ON
The aufficiency of water for a garden or dc
greenhouse, and the problem has been fe
re. how to apply moisture without injur- ti
ing the plants to a certain extent. It is t
SO. well known that the only "way to pro- t
cure crops is to grow them under shel- -
ter in a greenhouse, but the difficulty ei
nda- has been that when the moisture was is
try. applied directly on the plants the re
seen sult was rot or mildew, lettuce being
attacked severely in some instances.
" which is believed to be due to the fre
quent application of water to the foll
and age.
This f the moisture can be applied to the
and roots of the plants, as required, the
io difficulty may be avoided.' To test the
ous- matter the Ohio experiment station
used what is known as the sub-irriga
tion method. According to theory
dE green houses should be so constructed
as to permit of drainage, but, experi
ments demonstrate that the theories
are incorrect. Plants of different spe
1 R'y cies, such as roses, violets, carnations,
page lettuce, radishes, cucumbers, tomatoes
ones, and cauliflower were grown on benches
each with water-tight bottoms. The result
by was that some crops grew worderfully,
'ORn, lettuce escaping the rot entirely, ma
turing two weeks earlier, and yielding T
es is twice the weight of crop. Tomatoes
did not give as good results as some
their other kinds, however. The method is
simple. The benches sheould have
water-tight bottoms. A few laths are
S nailed to the bottom of the bench and
cement spread over the laths. Drain
tile, of two and one-half inches in
diameter, is laid on the tile two feet
apart in the rows, and six inches o:
more of soil is then placed over the tile,
so as to form a seed bed. Water is
then poured quickly into the ends of
the tile, which finds its way into the
soil, the joints of the tile not being
tight
By the above method the water goes
directly to the roots, the top soil not
being baked, and the changes of ten
perature do not so readily affect plant
ing, while the application of the moist.
ure, through the agency of the tile. is
dotne in a neater manner than with the
watering pot -Philadelphia Record.
Alsike Clover with Timotthy.
Sad Most farmers in seeding wish to keep
en the land in grass more than a single
b year. For this purpose a mixture of
alsike clover seed with timothy seed
ptly makes the best combination that we
iknow of. The first year's growth will
be mainly alsike, and the first crop to
be cut will contain scarcely any tim
othiy. But alsike clover is a biennial,
and its first cutting is its last. Of
S course, its roots begin to decay after
ruly the plant has died, and then the tim
l othy comes forward very rapidly, often
ste, making a good second growth for hay
evers when the first crop has been cut early
ation. enough. ____
a and PEOPLE will continue to eat beef,
Kid- pork, mutton, etc.. and there is no
K l danger of the demand ceasing. Put a
iom first-class quality on the market, and
it will bring the top market price.
drug- Act knot oin plum and cherry
yut rce- should be removed at once by
ry utting out all branches three inches
* elow each knot.
m them nets r are v6grat w dwlht
xW have rpLepeir. a 4ecuription of a tle
hog Woun fdomi: J.- BarV6rof OQs was
cosfntyt;rfMthb..otwhich we have _a a f At
ept .mad-. It isa.described as foll9ws: onti
The building is a0x20 feet,. 2foOt onm
posts b thSo'te ekVes.' The drivewayi " whi
10 feet wide so that 4,tearm and wqon an C
can pass through the pens, 10 feet wide of 1
first iloor, 6 feet in the clear; up- dreo
stairs or second story is 8 -feet to eaves. Jc
First14 feet upstairs over the first two has
pes s partitioned off for bran house spit
with steps dver'the first pen to bran tur
hoase. 'ie balance is used for corn by the
drtving through and throwing out of eens
wagon at husking time, and will hold Up,
2,,000 bushels of ear corn. If you want g
whi
OBOUND PLAN OF BOG BARN. wit
more room, lay bheavy stringers across T
the drive; commence at the far end gov
lrom where you drive in, lay boards cols
and fill in corn over driveway 10 feet at a y'
a time; the corn can be thrown out of Aef
ranged in size to suit the ow netr. I find
this plan convenient. The 20-foot pen
is a general purpose pen for grown vet
stock, shoats or brood sows or feed
floor. The doors thus arranged .will al- thu
low opportunity for shifting hogs from
,one pen to another, or letting in the
drive at wilL Each pen will require a
1lide window to throw out manure and 1)
;give air and light in hot weather; put
troughs before pens in driveway, and '1
15-barrel tank at side of drive; pipe pal
water from windmill On a cold day Sh
feed and water in a warm and dry I
place. The troughs are arranged to sul
slope in front of pens in driveway. I Tr
use a 12-foot plank hardwood for floor- I
ing driveway without floor. Arrange wt
yards to suit pens inside; one window stn
in barn house and two windows ina
drive way; slide windows overhead for edi
throwing out corn in yard if necessary, his
and ventilator. If a wall is desired to
set the building on. use stone, as hogs st
will eat out brick and.let down build- wl
ing. Hlog yard ought to open in barn
yard. It is best to arrange to drive
through building, but I back team out.
I think 8 feet wide is enough for drive t
that gives 12 for pens, which is better; d,
building.to be set on a 3-foot stone an
wall, which makes it warm for pigs.- a e
tPrairie Farmer.
n FOR FEEDING SHEEP.
a an
it An Improved Box Rack and Feed Trough lv
, Combined.
;o Here is an improved box rack and
y feed trough combined, for feeding p8
s- sheep. In the illustration d represents ye
It the rack made by putting cross pieces
rts to two side rails, and of proper size to wi
Ly play loosely in the box.' The feed
bh trough. f, is made with sides flaring a
rt so as to be wider at the top, and has ,
ie fastened to its bottom at each end an
iv iron arm, which rises from the bottom
31 at such an angle as will meet the co- I
- ner posts on one side at a proper height
e to work as a hinge either upon a bolt
through the posts or upon the ends of it
the arms turned at right angles and let m
,o into the posts, and to allow the trough,
when thrown up, to rise above the top
u- of the posts, resting the arms against a
)y top railing.
ne When the box is to be filled with hay of
,n- the feed trough is thrown up and the
it rack taken out. After the box is filled
at the rack is put back on top and by its e
a own weight it holds the hay nicely
or down. The sheep then come up and
en feed on all sides, the rack allowing u
ir- them to get only their mouths between
is the cross pieces, and as they eat, it set
ro- ties down upon the hay until it is used
el- out. If it is desired to feed grain, a
Lty either ground or unground, the trough h
as is let down, and the food being put in,
re- e
ng
es.
re
the
ihe
pei
,s, IMPROVED SHEEP RACK.
oes the sheep approach upon all sides and
eat in the same manner as when feed
ing at hay, and if any of the grain is
1y' pushed over the sides of the trough it is
not lost, but falls into the box, and in
ing due time the sheep get it. Every time
oes the trough is raised up it cleans itself
e and throws all dirt outside of the box.
dWi hen the box is to be cleaned, the
e rack, being loose, is liifed entirely out,
are and there is nothing in the way of clean
ad ing.--Ohio Farmer.
in FACTS FOR FARMERS.
feet
o: WHEc we export millions of bushels
ile of wheat out of the country we send
r is away the wealth-the fertility of the
s of soil-and it wvill be only a question of
the time before the soilts impoverished.
uig Ir is said that it a team is inclined to
pull unevenly the trouble may be reme
foes died by unhitching the inside traces and
not crossing them, so as to have the same
em- horses attached to the same end of each
ant- singletree.
is AN animal thoroughly heated by
e. rapid driving on a cold day should be
the kept moving lively until he reaches
the stable. Neglect of all this precau
tion has resulted in many a fatal case
eep of pneumonia.
ngle THE secret of pruning is never to per
re of mita useless limb to grow. The or
seed chardist who follows this method will
we find the present a busy season. When
will the trees are examined for borers, pinch
1p to out all excessive growth.
tim- VERBENAS are easily started either
nial, in the house or out of doors, require
Of rich, mellow soil and plenty of sun
.fter shine and moisture. They give an
tim abundance of bloom and amply repay
ften one for the care bestowed on them.
'bay
early Irrilgtion of Stra~wberrie.
H. Stewart, in giving his experience
in the irrigation of strawberries, says
beef, the tiles are laid twelve feet apart and
Sno not so deep as for draining. The larg
Ut a est of the berries thus obtained were
and seven to a quart, and the average yield
of a number of hillsof tree plants, each
set three feet apart each way, was
berry seven quarts of selected berries. Vitlh
e by too high ahead, the water will be forced
iches to the surface. Woe have seen straw
berries doubled in size by free irriga
Iaye tion, and have no doubt of the suoessa
* Of the hov.ed pentioned epoerimentes
1@ VALIIALt FIUaD.
dFn has been thedgeiana e neo|
talen.to o. fio _ mid" x It
Air old pair of bots was eididaa i4 a
outhones byWliamlanaga o, of.Bee
oo~uty, Tex .aHe . neded .. etz,. and.4
while putingrone on lis tfb met with
an obstruction. It proved to be a roll
of greenbacks.- amounting to Ave hun
dred dollars.
Joax IlonAida of West Chester, Pa.,
has come into'possession of an English
spit with clockwork attachment for
turning a fowl while roasting befog
the fire. This relic has lain for over a
century in the loft of an old mill in
Upper Oxford township.
SevmaI I Banns, of Salem, 'Conn.,
while spearing for eels, caught one
which contained a gold chain bracelet
that had beerf droppled overboard lfst
'July, by a yong lady who was onee a
resident of Essex. She rewarded him
with a twenty-dollar gold piece.
Tnx total expenditure of the British
government in connection with the
colonies, excluding India, is £2,000,000
a year, mainly for military and naval
defense.
MUCH IN LITTLE.
To xrUaL o.ne's anger is well; to pre
vent it is still better.-Tyron Edwards.
Oxa with more of soul in his face
than words on his tongue.-Words
worth.
OuR own heart, and not other men's
opinion of us, forms our true honor.-
Schiller.
Tax silenee often of pure innocence t
persuades when speaking fails.
Shakespeare. ser
NAMES alone mock destruction; they Er
survive the doom of all creation.- th
Trevanion. sn
POsTs utter great and wise things
which they do not themselves nder-ot
stand.-Plato. ohl
WHAT rein can hold licentious wiok- e
edness, when down the hill he holds
his fierce career?-Shakespeare.
Tna happiest life is that which con
stantly exercises and educates that
which is best in us.-Hamerton.
Ir is proposed that the large slaugh
ter houses should add poultry to their
'ther business and ship it along with
dressed beef and provisions to their
e customers. If the movement were sue
cessful it twould revolutionize the poul
try trade.
To MPR!Ess others we must be earnest; to
amuse them, it is only necessary to be kind
Sly and fanciful. - Tnekerman.
d PsssinsT-"Reveng is sweet." Philoso
g phcr-"Maybe; but it leaves a bad taste in
your moutbh."-N. Y. Journal.
IT never takes a liar long to blind himself
o with his tongue.-Ram's Horn.
TALL men live longer than short ones, be
cause the short man is not long for this
68 world.-N. O. Picayune.
n I PACK my troubles in as little compass as
I can for myself, and never let them annoy
t others.-Southay.
it O.e that desires to excel should endeavor
f it in those things that are in themselves
at most excellent-E.pictetus.
' A ooeD opportunity is seldom met a
'P beaten track.-Ram's Horn.
a IT is worth a thousand pounds a year to
have the habit of looking on the bright side
of things.--Johnson.
]e
d Goon Advice.-Never accept advice. Not
ieven this. Thy friend has a friend, and thy
friend's friend a friend. Be discreet.
ad MAvLDE--"Mr. Hungerford is a man
g who thoroughly believes in bimself." Elsine
an-"How very gullible he must be."--Brook
lyn Life. -
ed TuE best answer to all objections urged
n, against prayer is the fact that man cannot
h help praying.-E. H. Chapin.
u, To HAvE. a respect for ourselves guides
our morals, and to have a deference for oth
ers governs our manners.-Sterne.
A Sabs of spring-"Look out for the
paint."-Philadelphia Record.
IT is not the bird with the brightest plu
mage that sings the swveetest.-Ram's Horn.
A MusIc is a thing so many sizes smaller
than its pattern as to be of no use.-Young
Men's Era.
IANY CHILDREN
-a we as thoihands of grown people, have
been cured of scrofula and other blood dis
eases, by taking Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discover. Ever disorder that can be
reached mtrough the blood, yields to its purl
tying qualities Ecasmna, Totter, Boil-, Car
buncles, and the worst
.nd Scrofulous Bores and
ed- Swellings are per
manently CURxD.
is 3Ma. Taos. HARnms,
is Iof Wakejld Station,
1 n nSusem Cm., Va.,writas:
"Aboutfouryearsago
elf G. Harris, was amicted
with Eczema in a dis
ox tressing form. She
the tried medicines too
numerous to a6er
ut tion but they did no
an g od. i toldher that
U would write to Dr.
Percewhdch Ididand
or S Haams after a few months'
use of his medicines
she was entirely cured. •beli evew our medi
lines unequaled
the trymeicines with entiesucces.a"
You want an Organ. Of course
Ito You want the BEST. The
ae- MASON & IniAMLIN haswon
m HIGHEST
HONORS
by At ll Impoartant
be World's Fairs since
ethat of Paris, 86, in
mu- and is absolutely
:ase UNRIVALLED.
i If your local
per- dealer does not sell
or-* cfac db our Po nesr and
rill Organs, we will
Ssend en approvl
direct from factory.
ch to responsible par
ties, at our expense.
Lher rw sa. Writeforpsrticular.
aire 210 Styles at Pepula Prices just ant.
ua-Sold on our nasha t Plan oU seeased
an MASON £ HAMLIN ONOAH PIAuO C.,
1pay noN. r EKJsAs O 0T.
Positively you
ance have the genuine
De Long PATENT Hoox
arg- AND ErE if you see on the
rare face and back of every card
aId the words:
See that
hump6
ICeS Rlcardsoe
&D-LU -----t,
ene rhldts~alah.
Don't Blarme the Cook
' If' abaking powder is not uniform in strength, .,.
so that the same quantity will always do the s*me .
work, no one can know.-how to use it, and. uni
formlygood, light food cannot be produced with it. b
All baking powders except Rbyal, because
improperly compounded and made from inferior
materials, lose their strength quickly when the can
is opened for use. At subsequent bakings there
will be noticed a falling off in strength.' The food
is heavy, and the flour, eggs and butter wasted.
It is always the case that-the consumer suffers
in pocket, if not in health, by accepting any sub
stitute for the Royal Baking Powder. The Royal
is the embodiment of all the excellence that it is
possible to attain in an absolutely ptre powder.
It is always strictly reliable. It is not only more
economical because of its greater strength, but
will retain its full leavening power, which nio
other powder will, until used, and make more
wholesome food.
POSITIVE Proof.-"Whoever made that des
sert surely took a great deal of pains," said
Ergo. "Why so!" 'Because tho proof of
the pudding is in eating," ho replied, as he
doubled up with the stomach ache.-Arkan
saw Traveler.
&xo is an animal that makes bargains; no
other animal does this-one dog does not
kohane a hbo o with another. --Adam Smith.
M.akes hard water soft
e-Pearline. Every woman knows just
what that means to her. Washing in hard
water is so difficult, and the results so poor I
Pearline reduces the labor, whether you
/ =/ use soft water or hard. But use Pearl
ine, and it's just as easy to wash
with hard water as with soft water
-and the results are just as good.
Pearline saves more things
than your labor, though. We'll tell you of these savings
from time to time. Keep your eye on Pearline " ads."
Send.. and some unscrupulous grocers will ten you " this is as godod a
and if your grocer sends you sometshig in -A -S-P a.rine
it Back on-est-,ee it ban.. -. A ,
THE
No SOAP WILL DO THE
WORK HALF SO WELLAS
CLAIRETTE SOAP
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
FRANK LESLIE'S N W AR
Scenes and Portraits CIVIL W AR
OF . r . . .
PIGTURES OF STIRRING BATTLE SGENES I
. ..... .. GRAND GRVALRY GfIRGOES I
appropriate. deoriptlve reading matter and handsome cover. iailed to any addressc
TWErL.VO E CENTS POR EACH PART.
PART ONIE READY ALPRIL I 5th.
And each week another part issued until the serie is complete. Ueumit 65.60 at
o; etare stampa ra -repted. Address
LEON PUBLISHING CO., Exclusiv General Western Agents,
S1030 Caxton Building, CHICACO, ILL.
THE'POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
P HABNTS CURED AT HOME
In 14 To s28 DAYs. Remedy . perifectly saie-a child cantakeit.
11 -,5 ,Nothing severe about tretment. s.ook of mp seley lar s free.,O
o.,d..=.we namw...... .OoO n rProsLIPaeaP lopaSr . esedl oe
e0 terms ea, address ek h 1,0 e Um S qlkuIti.
obacc,, o ]eomedy.... 6 00 Omce. 475 Poplar Street. MEMPHIS. T'rN.
s
n_.. . i.."
"Is THAT your mamma, Williel" asked the
lady in the hotel parlor. "She used to be
my mamma," said Willie, "but I've had two
brothers since then, so she ain't al mine."
-Harper's Bazar.
"WHAT kind of cake did you say that was
Mariat" asked Mr. Shingiss. "That'as pound
cake, Joe." "Oh, its certainly heaviesr than
that."
alu. o~eha.e fibs
F~lttt. with d. * ~..
elleycebuue, ealet ta.
equal to uk ca c cle bnuR Sr7 n. ot>elo GM
Age*n ts watw Ia tIew
tt. ena Qw~L
lunriesfiqejo Co,a No.0 Z S. iiiaaapste ~i.
A. N. K., F. '600
Wr" WUIWUNO AIM ;UWUD gss M34
est 4u 1 M. 09 £ venUeei is