and lo1@ e. .
; s H twentyote rpn i
toes,t. is America. ifty.&
, yo clover .
pkage of above iat ora. and
iiaamuoth catalogue. ]Jo
~2Bs~ha"l se telegraph boy with a
Isa answer" three boues
wwond h athas become of him."
-"A case of kidnapping, I dare say."
'Ledgeir.
ew. HoW's This!
 e "" We offer Ono Hundred Dollars Reward for
ca-. seof Catrrh that cannot be cured by
S ,s Catarrh Cure.
V. J. CnESxzS a Co. Prop., Toledo, O.
We, the t undersign, havre known F. J.
or8 emey efor  st l t years, and believe
aim. perfectly honorable an all business
tanactions and inancially able to carry
. n__- blii-aton made by their frm.
& Truas, Wholesale Druggists, To
o s;0.. _Walding, Iunnan & Marvin,
Wholesale Druggis, Toledo, 0.
Halls CatarrhCure is taken internally,
'acting directly on the blood, and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price. 75c. per bot
tie. Sold by all Druggists. Testimonials free.
-.an's FamilyPi 2,c.
Ta. Dauncrto OsE-"Jack, I don't know
.Vwhit to do.. Here are a lot of bills, and I
S haven't sot a cent. Can't you suggest some
".ay to raisethe wind :" Jack--LHow wouald
a draft doi"-Princeton Tiger,
 p oU ly Tempers
Ara product of bad digestion. Your dys
pitli is almost invariably a crosspatch.
w -. ay to renew ncheerfy-ness of diaposi
and anequMble temper soured by mdt
gestion, is to take a course of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which not only banishes
dyspepsia but also relieves biliousness, con
tipaion, chills and fever, rheumatism and
kldney-trouble. Use it with persistence
three tiues *day.
THae huntsman who brings home the ant
lerasroves that he has been able to get a
headof the game.-Elmira Gazette.
Jer. O. II. Foewer
Symptoms of Oamoer
Appeared on my lip. Disagreeable eruptions
came on ay neck. After taking four bottles of
Hood's Sarsaparilla, all the traces of disease
have disappeared and the medicine has given
nsq renewed vigor and strcngth. I am now al
M-aat 7 '-ears of age and I work like a
tiger. And I kneow that Hood's Sarsaparilla
has bad much to do with my vigor and strength.
I recommended it to my wife, who had suffered
s. o much with rheumatic troubles-as also with
Hood's Cures
female meklness. In two years she has used
a" idt three bottles oef iood's Sarsagparilla, and
to-day, and for the last six months, she seems
like a new being." REv. O. H. POWER, 2924
.anHpver street, Chicago, Ill.
HOOd's Pills are the best after-dinner
Pills, assist digestion, cure headache. Ste.
U-1
COUCHS, COLDS,
INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION.
LOUIS COOK. New Or.zArs . a= : '"T it gives
me great pleasure to be able to say that Lecock's
Cough Elixir is the best preparation for coughs
inad colds I ever used-and I have used a good
many. I cheerfully recommend it."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
mICe, noo. and s1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
ew Orlseama L.
McELREES' -
WINE OF CARDUI.
- Fine Farming Ind
wt n s s,,, at ,-,,
,~ ~J~JWl~~JDa AhAf
bunr uON.
Proltabl,*n no other industry of
teeh "magnitkie is there so wide a
eina b6t een its different votaries as
between th.q intelligent, advanced,
progressive cotton planter, who has
availed himself of -the teachings of the
ogn4e pcie~sces and pursties .his avo
ation ln :theo. full glow, of .their'- re
fected light, and his plodding, super
stitioun, untaught and unteachable
neighbor. The cotton plant possesses
wonderful elasticity of development.
It promptly accommodates itself to the
conditions which surround it. It re
sponds in larger and better production
to intelligent cultivation and judicious
selection and feeding. It retrogrades
in all useful qualities until it becomes
assimilated to its ignorant, thriftless
cultivator.
There is as much difference between
the improved cotton of to-day, on
which the number of bolls rivals that
of the leaves, and the long-jointed,
straggling varieties grown fifty years
ago, as there is between the rangy,
fat-sided Texas steer and the well
rounded, broad-backed Shorthorn. The
improvement wrought in varieties of
cotton by judicious selection, high feed
ing and skillful cultivation has no
parallel in any other cultivated plant,
unless we find it in the potato or to
mato. in breeding cattle we rely up
on the Divine promise that 'like shall
beget like." and to insure progress,
"breed from the best." The same
principles and practive Ihave resulted
in the establishment of such prolific
varieties as the "Peerless" and others,
which present a most striking contrast
with the old "Peeler' variety.
The type of plants which reproduce
from the seed annually may be rapidly
changed by selecting the best products
from plants approximating the type
desired. Auxiliary to this has been
planting at such distance as will give
room for normal development. In con
junction with these two other potent
factors have operated, viz.: Perfecting
the physical condition of the soil by
thorough pulverization and the accu
mulation of humus,. and thereby in
creasing its power of absorbing and re
taining moisture. The needs of the
plant as well as those of the soil hare
also been carefully studied. and the
food necessary to produce the maxi
munm development of plant and fruit
supplied. All of the conditions sur
rounding tihe plant, physical as well as
chemical, have thus been rendered
favorable for its most perfect develop
ntent. Variations resulting from such
favorable environments have been
closely observed and utilized in estab
lishiung the type desired.
These agencies resulted in improve
ment in the form and productiveness
of the plant, but have only partially
effected the fiber. After establishing
a variety of sufficiently prolific habits
in the upland short staple species
(Go syplntn herbacenm), the next step
was to improve the tint by hybridizing
this with the long staple. or sea island
(G. Barbadense.) This has resulted in
material improvement in the length
and fineness of staple at the cost of a
small reduction in produnctiveness. Tn
illustration of tihe improvement in the
length of fiber we have only to com
pare the "1V. A. (Cook" variety, recent
ly established, with the "Dixon." a va
riety of forty years' standing. The im
provemrnents have effected vastly in
creased yield in the short staple varie
ties. and corresponding enhancement
in the value of tihe lint of the long
staple upland.
There has been a corresponding ad
vance in the methods of cultivation, as
well as in the implements uw'd. The
extent of these imnprovemnents becolnes
obvious by comnparing the old "scooter"
stock, mlade on the plantation with
hatchet and drawing knife. having a
shingle nailed to the beam to prevent
covering the cotton while "siding" or
"barring" it: and the inost improved
adjustable iron beam stock with the
Terrill heel-serape attached. I -nder
the old system the roots of the plants
were so lacerated by the deep cultiva
tion so as to seriously check produc
tion. even experienced cultivators con
te'nding that the lateral roots of the
plant did not exceed one foot in length.
Yet fully developed plants show the
roots nine feet in length. justify
ing thie mnodern system of flat
anti shallow cultivation, which
saves labor and increases produc
tiou 10 to "20 per cent. over the old sys
tem of deep cultivation,which involved
a mutilation of the roots. The use of
wide heel scrapes instead of the
scooter, the solid sweep and turn plow
has not only increased the yield per
acre, as stated, but has diminished the
cost of cultivation by reducing the
number of furrows required to make
the crop, and almost entirely dispens
ing with hoc work.
Tl'he possibilities of cotton produc
tion have been and will continue to be
limnited by the failure thus far- to suc
cessfully "chop" and "pick" hy ma
chinery. A chopper and cultivator hias
been invented, which does excellent
work upon smooth, level lands, Imt is
too costly and complicated to conme into
general us.e. The cotton harvester. ex
hIibited last fall, gathers cotton rapid
ly under conditions specially favorablle
for its operation, but there are practi
cal and insurmountable difficulties yet
in its way. It can not be operated un
til thie iwhole crop ihas opened. This
renders its general use impracticable
since, in some seasons, storms will dte
stroy the crop while waiting upon tihe
harvester.
The general use of fertilizers hIas
shortened thie harvesting season by
hastening the maturity of the crop. A
7.000,000-bale crop is harvested earlier
titan a 3,000,000-bale crop was before
their introduction. The use of fertil
izers has advanced the area of profita
bile cotton culture from -i0 to 100 miles
furtlher north by hastening maturity.
We have advanced from the wallet to
the bale, -from the rope tie to the steel
band, from the tall wooden screw
preas. worked by mule power., to the
iron screw driven by steam. ThIe lint~
room, into which the ginned cotton
flew from the brush like flakes of
snow, is a thing of the past except up
on the farms of a few "fogies " The
horse power has now been replaced by
the steam engine, the old gin and lint.
room by the modern self-feeder and
condenser.
The appearance of the cotton cater
pillar no longer spreads dismay among
-cotton planters as formerly. A few
doses of paris green destroy this once
dreaded invader. Exact scientific in
*vemtlgatlon of the fingus diiasses of
-eplunat .~X ozldly earting. flood of
itij*.t ll4 Wcre biTt weent-ly
FARM. TALKSa.
AU iateretew Cea.tmsta Snase scraps oft
Mr. Jones-I think I slhall go over on
to Paulsen's plantation and put in a
crop af corn this year.
Mr. Smith-iut don't you run a big
risk? It is several miles from your
home, and Jf a drought should catch
you, your htWbor will all be lost. Brown
, tried it two years ago and he told me
he lost his season's work and was out
at least two hundred dollars by his
venture.
Jones-That all canme from his lack
of judgment. lie planted northern
corn, and his neighbors told him it was
all a mistake, but lie said he would
show them, and the result was he did
lose his crop. Northern seed corn will
not do for our sandy lands. "
S Smith-But it the drought comes on
in this sandy land. be your seed north
ern or southern, will it not be all the
same:?
t Jones-Not if you get the right v-a
riety and work it well. It will stand
almost any drought. The fact, is, we
are finding by experience what is adapt- C
ed to our soil and climate. There is a
E variety of rye and a variety of corn. it
f the seed is grown in southern stoil,
will do well nearly every time. where
seed grown in northern soil i:, sure to
be a failure. . This is partly true of the a
watermelon and several other seeds.
Then there are other seeds that must
.1 be grown in the north or imported to
mature early enough here to meet the
market, or competitors who use judg
ment in selecting their seeds and hav
c ing them tested, or purchasing of del
ers who do test their vitality before
selling them.
Jones-WVhat kind of corn will you
e plant if you rent the plantation?
Smith-I shall plant the long
toothed, red cob variety. The seed is
-5
, grown to order, on high pine land.
n The cob is very small. the kernal large.
and is the most productive, and with
. good eultivation, a crop is reasonably
t assured, be the season wet or dry.
g Jones-B-y the way, I heard you had
. your barn stored with the wonderful a
- pea hay. What do you think of the
,. pea?
t Smith--Yes, I ant feeding the won
t derful pea hay to three horses and four
.e cows, and for the first yearin the south
I am free on the hay questions,. having
i_ enough pea hay to carry lme through,
it and mny horses work us well, and anmy
._ cows give as much milk as when fed on
a northern hay. I think, with the won
Sderful pean, Florida clover (beggar
r weed), crab grass, the red cob corn, cas
h sava., sweet potatoes and other products
n we know are adapted to our soil and
climate, any farmer or horticulturist
who pays tribute to the north or west,
- for lay and grain, or who does not
as have butter and milk. pork and lard,
chickens and eggs, from stock fed from
o the products of the faru, and with the
ti stock make his own fertilizers. is at
:s least not a thrifty farmacr. 1 have had
hold of the wrong end of the poker
g long enough, and had may hands pretty
id well burned. Last year I got hbold of
n the other end, and see daylight
11 ahead, and prosperity even for a
a southern farmer. That pea was a
n salvation to me. It excels all other
,C rine crops suitable for hay in its
. enormous productiveness of vine' and
t- seed, and may be called the entering
. wedge or keystone to the arch that
.a opens the way or completes the strnce
.a ture of southern farming, making the
e- south no longer dependent.
it .Tones-T am glqd to have met you
Ig this evening and to lhave confirmed
very strong oonvictions that the south
I has a prospect of the removal of the
is next greatest incubus to slavery, and
ac that her redemption, agriculturally, is
es nigh. I shall seek another interview
soon, for.there are other points I wish
h to get your opinions and experience
a upon. Good cvening.--Geo. WV. Hast
It ings, in Texas Farm and Ranch,
HERE AND THERE.
1e -It is better to start in with a small
'r flock of good sheep than a multitude of
s scrubs.
--Rich food will make rich milk, and
rich milk will undoubtedly make the
most cream and butter.
h. --On-thilrd corn meal and two-thirds
e -lhc:at h,'an make one of the very best
._ grain rations to fced for butter.
it --To make sheep profitable it is
h necessary to live in thts immediate
c- vicinity of the flock. NK.ar enough to
- smell them at least twice a day.
,d -One reason why an oily-wooled
of sheep is always in good condition, is
te because those in poor condition harp
w no oil to spare for the wool.
or -If the dairy. cows are good ones.
.e they will give full payment for the
te feed and care, and leave the man re
we as extra profit.
- -The only working necessary i:n to
get the butter compact and free ft om
c- superfluous moisture. WVashing will
Oc take the buttermilk out.
C- -An agricultural excha~;ge tells us
a' how tochurn granulated butter. Would
's it not be better to churn the cream and
•~stop as soon as the granulated butter
i appears?
to - Sweet, potatoes nare a g'od food for
- nileh cows. For this purpose the more
hardy and productive VWest India varie
ties will answer. liut for human food
plant good table potatoes or none.
n- --.1 bill has passed the Kentuclky
is legislatutre giving citizens the privi
Ic lege. under certain conditions, to go
c- upon the lands of other-s for the pur
mc pose of destroying "'Black Knot" on
plum, chlerry and other fruit trees.
as -A horse well bred and welI cared
ty for has not a lu-y bone in his body.
A loves to w-ork. and will do his best
er every time he is called on. He can be
re made lazy by bad treatment, over
i1- work and under-feeding, and who can
a- blame the horse for that?
es -it doesn't pay to feed poor cows for
mailk or butter when good ones are to
to be had. Many a family cow is a heavy
el tax on her owner. A good cow well
w fed will pay state, county and school
e ta.r. and supply a small family with
st plenty of milk and butter besides.
in -Common hens are generally usen
of for hatching ducks by those who have
P not incubators. For this purpose Bral
e mas or Cochins are to be preferred, as
'" they are incubators by nature, cover a
it large number of eggs, and on duck eggs
ad their weight and clumsiness is not so
apt to result in breaking.
ag I-That which is popalarlf known as
v the funny bone, justat the point or t:ae
me elbow, is in reality not a bone at all.
n- but a nerve thft lies near the c urfa'ce.
of and get lng a knock or blid'A, eaun*-,
of the well tn0ow tbnglhgI- eges et)S l is
Lj th.-sawmsam uAlmagesrw
asde'tar sobidtlea
.--;-lt.~ sid there are 1t,00 chuath or
anloations or local churches in Texas .1
withoeil houses of worship. 1
-At ihe. close of the iMnaaia yetr,
the hospital Sunday collections hi Leba
don amounted to £39,800, as against 1
i41, 300 -Ik '189S. s
-The navigator when in dread of
tempest easts out his anchor. We too. if
we possess the anchor of hope fixed in
God need fear no storm.--Ruflnus of
Aquillia. I
-There are now 28,360 societies of
Christian Endeavor in the world. 1
Nearly two thousand new societies t
have been reported since the Montreal a
internation l convention. - t
-Of tlt therans in this country 'I
Icnnsyl has 209,692, Wisconsin a
162,649. liinnesota 11t6.63, Illinois 114.- C
450. Lutherans are found in about a
every state and territory. a
-The territory of Oklahoma has at a
this time 6 Episcopal, 165 Methodist, I
25 liaptist. 't Congregational, -'t5 Catho
lic and 24 J'resbyterian churches, 3 (
Epworth Leagues and .,0 Christian En- v
deavor societies.
--The first English school in America I
was opened in Massachusetts in 16:22,
with six pupils. Now the public I
schools of this country have over ~i69,
000 teachers, 13.00,030J scholars, and c
cost last year $1, 8.72 1,647.
-Dr. William Woodruff, of the class
of 1826. and Dr. Nelson Isham, of the
class of 1328, are now the oldest two
graduates of the Yale Medical school.
Tithclass of 182. has become extinct
by The death of Dr. Henry Bronson.
--In physical education Dr. Luther
Unlick argues that by exercising cer
tain muscles it is possible to develop
certain sections of the brain. His argu
ment has special reference to feeble
minded persons, whose mental condi
tion, in his opinion. might be improved
by the right kind of muscular exercise.
-lie who believes that God's will al
ways must be done prays not when this
or that event arises, but ever prays
that, more and more, he may come into
harmony with it. And out of this con
stant prayer of the soul that desires
not gifts from, but communion with
the giver, there comes a sense of trust.
-Francis B. Hornbrooke.
-Leonard Moody. one of .the trus
tees of Dr. Talmage's tabernacle in
Brooklyn, seriously proposed. in order
to relieve the church from its financial i
difficulties, that an admission fee of 10
Lcents be charged every person attend
ing the services who was not a pew
holder. As there are upwards of 2,000t
strangers at each service the income
from this source would be large. )r.
TJ'almtage. however. put an emphatic
veto on the suggestion. "It would of
fend the whole earth," he said.
WIT AND WISDOM.
-'The outcome of a man's courtship
e nowadays is largely dependent upon
t his income.--;uffalo Courier.
1 -Customer-I want a number two
r that will fit comfortably and- Shoe
SClerk--Yes, ima'am: we have that very
f size in flves.-Inter Ocean.
t -"I remember when I was a girl-"
a began Miss Antique. "What a wton
F derful memory you must have!" inter
r rupted Mliss Sharpe.-Harpcr's IBazar.
" -'-"Vit thou for.rka thy idle life?"
A-ked eagerly the dame:
'Ah. yer." 5th tramp replied. "your Jam
Has put me quite t shame."
--Detroit Tribune.
-Traveler in Missouri-I want to
fin-l the conductor. Who has charge
of tltii train? Trainman-Can'ttell till
9 aftcr we pass the next strip o' woods. -
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
--A recent poet writes: "A song
sleeps in my soul unsung." There is a
place for that young man in a dime tnu
Sscumln at a remunerative salary. lie is
C the only one of his kind on record.--At
lanta Constitution.
-Mother-Hlow are you and MIr.
Caller getting along? Has he nroposed
yet? l)augimter-- o; he is just like
this corn we are preparing. Mother
How so? l)aughter-- on t pop easily .
I lotber-Then I'd shake him.-Roches
f ter I)cntocrat and Chronicle.
--"I'ma Lbelicver in fate. I think
our 1'ves are laid out for us." "You
are wise to believe so." "'las You
think I am?" "Yes. A man who lives
as you do is wise to shift the responsi
bility for his actions on to something
or snomCebody else." -- . Y. l'ress.
-"1 this one of the calendars that
Smith was going to make a big hit
Swith "' "Yes." "Well, he has made
San awful mistake." "That is it?'"
"Matkes December of "9i appear as'"95."
S'"That's no mistake; that's to allow a
s month's practice on writing the new
year. -- ter Ocean.
-- istressing Lapse of Memory.-At
I torney --Now, doctor. let me begin by
e asking you if --- Medical Expert
SlPardon mn', sii-, but to save time you
wilt kindly refresh my memory by tell
o ing ime what theory it was that I pron
a ised to corroborate? I have. unfortn
I natcly forgotten it.'-Chicago Tribune.
--J.ludige-WVhat objection have you
I to Sis: Gump, whom the court has a"
I pointed to defend you? l'risoner
I (charged withl murder)-I hain't got
r anythin' ag'in' him personally, but you
see. judge, it looks so like turnin'
1 state's evidence. It's a givin' up the
Swhole thing-see?--loston Transcript.
-MZ1r. lIe Sappy-Yes, Mliss Amy, my
I ancestors were leaders In the New
England colony. My paternal great
grandfather was a colonel in the rvo
lutionary army, and on my mother's
side there we-re governors and judges.
Mliss Amy--Hleally. Mr. De appy. and
yet you still believe in hcredity.
SBrooklyn Life.
--Vhat if you fail in business? You
I still have life and health. Don't sit
down and cry about mnishaps. for thlat
t will never get you out of debt nor buy
• your chil(ldren frocks. Go to w-ork at
something, cat sparingly. dress moder
astely, drink nothing exciting, and,
above all, keep a merry heart, end
r you'll ,e up in the world. -Franklin.
S ---Think not that morality is change
I able: that vices in one age are not vices
Sin another: or that virtues, which are
I under the everlasting seal of right rea
saon, may be stamped Ly opinion.
Though vicious times invert the opin.
3 ions of things, and set up new theories
a against virtue, yet hold thou unto old
juorality. And. rather than follow a
s multitude to do evil, stand, like Pom
a pey's pillar, conspicuous by thyself,and
a single in thine integrity.--Thomas Ful
b ler
snived.
S The landlord had just dropped in on
e Ilycs Mulcahy and informed her gently,
but firmly, that he had decided to raise
Sher rent.
"It's the darlint ye are, sin," she, re
plied. "I wor wonderla' uow I eud
wisia it mi-t."-Jsua~
te a mss the blttf. a r bualckheat
cakes with yeast ot a retil
int a portion of the bia -left over
from one morning to. ase' the eakes "
for the following day.- - -
If kept toealWarn or not used proimpt
Iy. this batter becomles excessiely sour 5
and objectionable. Buokwheat cakes a
reined by this means are more often
sour or heavy than light and sweet. If
eaten daily they distress the stomach
and cause skin eruptions and itching. f
Instead of the old-fashioned way we I
have been making buckwheat cakes
this winter with Royal Baking Powder, I
mixing the batter fresh daily, and fid I
the result wonderfully satisfactory.
They are uniformly light and sweet, t
more palatable and wholesome, and 1
can be eaten continuously without the
slightest digestive inconvenience. Be- c
sides they are mixed and baked in a
moment. requiring no time to rise
Following is the receipt used:
Two cups of pure buckwheat flour
(not "prepared" or mixed); one cup of
wheat flour, two tablespoons of Royal
Baking Powder and one-half teaspoon
ful of salt, all sifted well together.
Mix with milk into a thin batter and
bake at once on a hot griddle. Once
properly tested from this receipt, no
other buckwheat will find its way to
your table.-Domestic Cookery.
A CUcIRRETr item asserts that Pattl
elaa"Daddy WV uldn't Buy Me a Bow- i
o." Good-by, sweetheart, good-by?
-N. Y. World.
THxRn is a special providence hang
Ing over a bargain-counter. It never I
seems to know anything about hard
times.-Steep Brook Gazette.
LOOKIhN into a glass to paint one's
face is not wholly a feminine trick. A
man looks into a glass to color his nose.
RELATING TO PEOPLE.
Mns. GraI.sroNE has just passed ibme
eighty-first birthday, and her vitality
Is as wonderful as that of her husband.
SE-AToa HOAR dictates all his corre
spendence to his stenographer in the
senate chamber while the senate is in
session.
GE.oaoe WAsnHIOTON, Who died in
Savannah recently, was the great
grandson of Lawrence Washington, a
brother of the first president. He was
a graduate of the Yale class of '5'd.
. Da. Crave A. BA~Tor., of Boston, is the
last survivor of the famous "Transcend
ental club," in which Emerson was the
central light, and all the bright men
and women of his kidney were ass
blate members.
an. Ran, of Ohio, has introduced
into the legislature of that state a bill
permitting condemned murderers the
choice of dying by electricity or by
anesthetics. If they choose to die by
chloroform they must agree to give
their bodies for vivisection.
lMR. CLE.V.LAND is the godfather of a
child born in New York July 13, 1893,
the seventh son of a seventh son. "In
Germany," says the delighted father,
"the emperor never refuses to stand as
godfather to the seventh son of a
seventh son;" and Mir. Cleveland was
as accommodating as the emperor.
Mns. AaxxS S. ArsTre, the newly
elected mayor of Pleasanton, Kan., is
described as "a buxom woman of two
hundred pounds, and quite intelli
gent." Her husband is a railroad em
ploye. She was the leading speaker in
the campaign which resulted in her
election and electioneered so cleverly
that she went into office with a ma
Sority of twelve votes.
- -`----- r
FARM PRODUCTS ABhOAD.
HlonsEs are very cheap in Australia.
The horse markets are glutted with
animals offered. for which there is no
demrand. Similar reports come from
Great lritn!n. Indeed the depression
in the prices of horses seems to be
world wide.
A PIxr. stud of hackney horses has
been established at Buda-Pesth, Hun
gary. b)y a wealthy gentleman named
WVahrmann. 1Among the foundation
animals are thirteen mares from the
renowned Brookficld stud of Mr. Bur
dett Coutts.
THE agricul tu rl department of India
has adopted what is there spoken of
as "a new idea," and which consists
in publishing for general distribution
t monographs, similar to the farmnners'
bulletins of the United States depart
ment of agriculture.
FARMFJns in all the parts of Europe
Swhich suffered from drought last year
find it difficult to provide forage to
lkeep their lire stock through the win
ter. In France and Germany, twigs of
trees and vines are made to contribute
to the subsistence of cattle and sheep.
t UnITED LTATES COn31ERcAI. AGENT
SMTr reports that the Rhine vintage
of 189 was a full one-half crop. This
is a gratifying amount, as a three
fourths vintage is a rarity and a full
vintage remarlkably scarce. It is ex
pected on all sides that the Rhine wine
of 1893 will be fine in quality.
DLlmsa this century over 160,000,000
eopies of the word of God have been
printed in over 31f1 different languages
and dialects. No very important
tongue of the earth is now unrepre
sented.
Co.)noRT is the god of this world, but
Scomfort it will never obtain by making
it an obiect.-E. P. WVhinple.
SPROUTS OF EXPERIENCE.
Ceown crops without crippling them
by overcrowding.
Boro belong together. Next to a
good gardener we want a good cook.
jSonE plant garden cress under the
benches because it is cleaner than
water cress, which has to be grown in
Smud.
EVEN potatoes deserve to be guarded
against rough handling. For best keep
Sing and non-sprouting we keep them
e dry.
- FoR a pit of pungent greens in win
ter sow mustard seed in a box or large
Sflower pot in a light window. We often
5 season our lettuce salad with mustard
d leaves.
To ar the eargest peas sow any of
- the earliest smooth sorts just as soon
d as the frost is out of the ground. They
will fourish even in soil not yet dry
enough for ordinary garden crops.
AaoxArrrs cannot rise much above.
five mailes of verticalheight on account
Sof the increasing rarity of the air, but
double that height has been attained
by self-regiatering balloens, which tell
I ua that some ninety degreea of froat
evTrit up there,
T er ha waamtsoiwwab In bat g
dabs: His miserises ryeva ef
L rn was neaOlhteid tond h
for his attacks m the di rroight
s fe in almostd in continme owar with
most asso isteays, and S. died
grea ws kept in otan x
OVuAiaaxm&@ had an ulcer in his leg
thatook witgae him morh annoyanc he ote
many years.
Jon x was nery r-seshtive and hie
factie much dsm, andigured by scars rntles inesulting
from scrofula.
Coxi wss quarrelsome, and piased
his life in almostile ontinual war with
his wssociates.
fivxal was kept in constant vexa
tion by the reviewers, who could not
look with favor on anything he wrote.
CmUuztcL L was very restive under
criticism, and wasconstantly in a rage
about some hostile notice of his poems.
SocnLres was greatly annoyed by
the slanders of his enemies, who ac
cused him of being possessed by a devil.
GALILEO suffered imprisonment on
account of his devotion to science. His
old age was darkened by great pov
erty.
Am Important 1)eren(c
To make it apparent to thousatds, who
think themselves ill, that they are not. af
fected with any disease, but that the system
simply needs cleansing, is to bring comfort
home to their hearts, as a costive condition is
easily cured by using sy rup of Figs. Manu
fictured bytheCaloilor Fig Syrup Co.
A srxta car conductor knows what the
wild waves arc saying when he sees a wom
an wave her parasol.-Binghamton Reputb
lican.
_BSa-"It is rank injustice to say that a
woman is inferior to a man in reasoning
powers." He--"Wrhy'" She--'Because.
--Detroit Tribune.
"THE foreign husband is the absorbing
idea!" said the American millionaire as lihe
wrote the wedding check.-Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
PI.ASA-NcT, Wholesome. Speedy, for coughs
is Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cute in one minute.
HB--"There goes Batton in his new over
coat. What do you think of him ?" She
"He is simply out of sight."--Washiugton
News.
Bleoas-" What a severe cold your land
lady has." (Jriggs-"Yes. Sheo sat in my
room for an hour yesterday."-N. Y. Her
aid.
Tar i,'ritation" Thich induc'es coughing
immediately relieved by use of '"B,'own's
Bronchial I'roches." Sold only in boxes.
HE (nsentimentnlly)-"Money isn't every
thing." '3he (practic"all.y)- *o; but it gets
everythixlg."-,N. Y. Press.
Ir industry is no more than a habit, it is
at least an excellent one.
B sans to read advertisement ao Plant
Seed Co.. an old reliable firm.
BcTren not be at all than not be noble.-
Tcnnyson.
"Tnar watch Harduppe sold me turned
out to hare rusty works." "I don't wonder;
it had been in soak for three months."
Philadelphia Record.
IT sometimes happens that the assurnnce
of being right takes away the desire to go
ahead.-Truth.
T''oe truth which makes an inte'lligent man
free is almost sure to make a fool mad.
Calveston News.
SNAP--'Did yOU ever notce the expres
sion cn the face of the Venus do Milo:"
bnip-"Ob, yes. Sho looks all broke up."
--Inter Ocean.
Tam man who stands in the public eye
shouldn't wonder if the publie lknuckles
sometimes rub him.-Trut'h.
Or niall queer sights in a courtroom the
cross-examiner is the querist.-Yonkers
Gazette.
Briggs-"Would you ever take Brushes
for an artist to look at him?" Diggss--"Not
If I could get any other."-Inter Ocean.
Tne outcome of a man's courtship nows
days is largely dependent upon his macome.
-buffalo Courier.
A-. ounce of prevention is worth a pound
of cure: thatis to say, the druggist is likely
to charge just as much for it.--Puck.
"Do vor notice how Miss English drops
her eyes when you speak to her?" "Ao;
hut I notice how she drops her h's."-Texas
Siftings.
Tr Jealousy of physicians is remarkable.
No sooner does one of them discover a dis
ease than half a dozen more concentrate all
their energies upon its suppression.-Purcc.
"TuEns Is no doubt about his guilt. Why
is it that his sentence Is so delayed?" 'I
dunno, but it may be because bouquets are
so expensive now."
TrAcaea-"Can any of yes tell me what
i is menat by home industrie'?" Billy Bright
(promptly)-" p to our hotsethey're most
ly sawn' wood an' carryin' in comL"-Buf
tale Courier.
Heals
Running
Cures th " Sores.
..-Serpent's Sting.
.v.ýnZa ous 15In all its stages completely eradicated
ontagiouby S.S.S. Obstinate sores and ulcers
SBlood yield to its healing powers. It removes
the poison and builds up the system.
Poison A r"e atet mled Free.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
"I SAY!
BUYA CAKE OF
CLAIRETTE
SOAP
anrd thank me for callir
your atterqtioq to it"
MANUFACTURED
ONLY ' VW(
N: KFAIRBANK&COla
The Grhetest fledicA#
of the A-.
KE NNEDY
MEDICAL DIS,
DONALo KE- ED, , of "m.m
Has discovered In one of our.ii top
pasture weeds a remedy that r .c, "
kind of Humor, from the woi~Ag
down to a common Pimtle." - -
IaLd ND d;.:p.
Boston. Send postal card for book
A benefit is a ways experienced fromthe
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains' like needles.passms
through them; the same wth'the i4ve :or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be;
aing stopped, and always dsappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label."
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonfil in water atbbed*
time. Sold by all Druggists ..
F you want the real
DE LONG PATENT
HOOKS AND EYES, Saiy to
the dealer:
See that
hump
Trste.amrk lr ee. Apr. - i
Richardson & De .ong
Bros., 1'hiladelphia.
EE LIAB LE
*SEED
INSURE SUCCESS
A COMPLETE CATALOGUE
ee tat Inr d e
FmlmS. Vno.) til..bel I dptC .td In thie p+ 4iy
Srtl.5ll.sy felur SMeds. Olrbhuenlr hao stood the
toot of 45 o.r. PLANT Sea oOMPANYe .•
eq scqurlo col m t ot.Sek celspttg f(roe
1 -; ~Ii. t worle. N'ne or dseico
r !l. Postaefree. on n thL e botom. be-r
$*.'s p.rranled. Takn iso
r o s.. h oil S forde ei a.
,argble r o dealers .he pn eh res shoes.ed i
I wle.rhe 'rro
REmPAI R Sed. ! bule*ner t the
ta.tpm- or w dear, PLAN , ll& r COM ANo r
`tn t iot yri t' sg, t l o e mir ar
sta.pl Ose onth otr o 35..
°, Is -h eest tioofol ·mplet
e A. N. K., o. s__d__ 147.
RENC WRrTllI TO A srgRaIsER c PLEADS
r es lt. tem ail Pos thg Adre. tiY c nmt the Ibes
ai3 e h o