THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1893. NUMBER 16.
rý 13 F,
01 [Copyright, 1833, by
the Author]
LAYING bach
elor, Bert, at
TI' ~this hour? The
worm of prov
erb must be
nimble to escape so early a bird!"
"Going to Philadelphia, Ed-business
trip," Albert Harley answered shortly,
not looking up from his breakfast in
the club-dining room, as Edgar Vane
sat down opposite and picked up the
carte. But he studied his friend's
clouded face over its edge, though he
retorted lightly:
"Case must be a criminal one, Bert;
for you certainly don't look festive.
-Woyn in it, of course?"
"Nl; but a woman is cause of my
leaving hone for a mess lile this!" IHar
ley pushed back his plate and stood be
fore the other, as he added: "Ed, I
mnade a mistake to marry!"
"You really astound me!" Edgar Vane
said, quietly; but a dark gleam crept to
his eyes, and color stole over his sallow
cheek, over the Van Dyke beard. "You
do not mean that Mabel is-"
"All at fault? No!" Harley broke in.
"But there are a million of petty trifles
in married life that none may dream of
withoutexperience. God knows I would
speak so to no other man living! But
you, Ed, were my college chum, Ma
bel's oldest' friend-our groomsman! I
tell you, the first year of my married
life was heaven; this last has been hell!
No, do not stop me. I cannot explain,
but must speak. Merest trifles-very
nothings-come tbetween us. I am ab
sorbed hi the law; Mabel worn and rest
less from ceaseless round of society. I
know what you would say: faults on
both sides. Granted; but if neither will
acknowledge any fault. there is no way
to peace. Old friend, my dream is over;
and"-his voice shook; he swallowed
something in his throat-"God help her!
I fear hers is over, too!"
"Tut! my boy; you have let yourself
grow morbid."
"I have not!" The other turned halt
fiercely on him. "I have fought-yes, I
have prayed-against this thing! I
know I love Mabel; I am sure she loves
me-sometinmes! I only fear she does not
know what real love is-that she never
did know!"
Vane's even, white teeth held his lip
firm, and he studied the menu atten
tively; but his voice was very quiet as
he said:
"Probably not. . You were a great
catch, Bert. (1ond looks, family and
fortune daze a girl-"
"Rut not-a lady!" the other broke in.
"Why. Ed, she had refused a dozen
richer men!"
"Yes; women are riddles!" Vane an
swered in deeper voice. "BIy the time
you come back she'll change again."
"God grant it! I return at-"
"Cabman says just time to catch the
train, sir," the servant said, and ITar
ley wrung the other's hand as he cried:
S"Good-by, old boy! Forget what 1
said. VWe'll talk no more of it-yet!"
Lefta.nlone, Edgar Vane forgot to or
der his breakfast, still staring steadily
at the menu. lBut his eyes looked over
its edge into the past and-the future!
Under the magic of memory, the club
breakfast room transformed into a bril
liant ball scene. Music and glare of
lights came before his dr einy sense.
. Then the empty parlor beyond became
a dim conservatory, whence wafted
scents of tropic flowers and murmured,
half-forgotten words. Again he satbe
neath a tall palm: a stately, grand
woman beside him, listening to his pas
sionate voice: her fair head bowed; her
gleaming bos.om panting at restraint of
its low corsage. A question-a pledge
-one first mnutua 1 kiss of troth-and
the pair movel back among the dancers,
happy, radiant, hopeful!
Swiftly the scene chang es to a dimly
lit, plain sitting-room. The same wom
an-trembling, contrite. tearful-tells
him she had spoken hastily; that she
likes, admires, but cannot love him:
that she 1 oves no one-and never can!
And he- the petted darling of society;
.he dreaded of mammas and the adored
Df daughters-s-Lrides forth into the
snowy night, shocked in vanity, irate,
but not humnnbled!
Edgar Vane dashed the menu to the
floor; sprang erect to his feet and stared
at hii s reflected shape in the tall mir
ror. Then he ordered and ate his break
$\st; his brow cl ouded and his eye
dreamy, bh t his thin lips smiled under
the Van Dyke beard, as he sipped his
Sauterne.
"I iras lonely; and it was very good
of you to come, Edgar." Mrs. Harley
certainly looked lovely, reclining in the
great, tufted chair, her rich teugown
emphasizing the soft curves of the
finest figure in all society.
"Say very selfish, rather," the man
answered, earnestly. "I knew you were
alone, Mabel. I knew too, you were
unhappy!"
"Nonsense! Why should I be?" A
weary glance around the luxury of her
boudoir finished the question.
"Because you are a woman!" Hk rose
-and stood close before her. "Because
Bewels and bric-a-brac and equipa
will not fill that yearning you all fe
yearning you sometimes mistake, but
which asserts itself too late! Mabel!
you remem'oer-"
"That I a.m married? Yes," she nn
swered, we arily. "Heaven knows, the
tiffs and tri'als never let me forget it!"
"And you remember what might have
been?" he went on passionately. "You
do, Mabel! Wou compare the is, with
whhat might be! No; do not stop me!
When your pride drove me from you;
whlien ay cursed vanii' rqfused to bend:
when you married in pique a-"
"Stop!" The woman rose facing him;
tCislhix, t rebling, haas WQaU(s "Wdgst
Vane, remember I am your friend's
wife."
"I can only remember that you should
have been mine, Mabel!-that you love
me, M1abellt-that you were the only
woman I cared for in all my mateareer!
Lcan only remember thaf my lips still
carry the fire of the only kiss of real
love yours ever pressed on man's!"
"Oh, Edgar! You shall not!" Crim
son-faced, trembling, she sunk into the
tufted chair, her bosom tumult-tossed.
He was on his knees beside her; her
hands in his, hot kisses raining on them,
as he cried:
"Oh, my love! my lost darling! my
poor, unhappy love! Curses on my pride
that kept me from you!-that let you
sacrifice-"
"No! No!" she moaned. "I did love
him!-I do still! But, oh, Edgar-I am
very, very wretched!"
"I know, my poor darlingt He is
cold, absorbed, selfish. Your heart
craves love-warm, living, thoughtful
love, that places you above all; love
like mine-"
"Hliush! this is terrible!" She shud
dered and drew from him. "For God's
sake leave me! This is wrong-sinful!
I do love my husband! Go, Edgar-go!"
"I cannot-will not, Mabel! Three
years ago, at order of your pride, I
tossed away the jewel of your love!
Life has been a dreary blank for me
since-has been little more, for you.
Now, you shall listen-"
"Noat now! Not now! Go! In pity
go!" Again she rose before him tall,
stately, but trembling still; moving
toward the door.
"Not until I have your answer!
Mabel, you love me! God never meant
a heart like yours to waste on-"
'Go! If you-love me, go!" Her face
pale now, her lips white, her bosom
tumultuous. How, she knew not, but
she felt strong armns clasp her fiercely
hot breath fanned her shrinking check,
her ear caught the murmured cry:
"I obey, Mabel! I will come for my
answer to-night!"
Then she was alone, prone on the
sofa, hiding in the down cushion the
sobs that racked her. What were her
thoughts? Does such flood of feeling
let thought float upon it?
"Well, there's a picture! Ion't move,
my dear! The prettiest post! 'Niobe,
all tears!' Has the pug colic, or has
Bert lost a big case? Neither? Well, I
haven't a minute; just drove by to tell
you of a sad find for the King's Daugh
ters! I met Vane at the door, so ran up
.ovs ceremonie. Now, Mabel dear, this
is something to cry for. You remem
ber Tilly, my pet maid? Well, two
years ago, she married-detective, or
something; case of pique-second love,
or something! They had no children;
Van and I have seven!" Mrs. Van Bib
ber-leader equally in her set and in
her church-bridled and smoothed her
seal skins softly. "Without children,
there is no home. Beg pardon, my
dear; I forgot! lut 'where there's life
there's hope!' VWell, Tilly moped and
drudged at home, while cr'o .spuso toiled
"Ix I1s NAME."
all day away. Old love reappeared;
gambler, baseball man, or something
else dreadful. It was the old story,
Mabel. Yesterday I found her, ill,
destitute, deserted, in a tenement
hovel. Love had skipped out of the
window; the wolf had prowled in at
the door! T am on my way now to save
that poor thing's life and to reclaim her
soul-'in His Name!"' The little woman
drew herself up and solemnly touched a
little badge-a half-forgotten toy
hiding itself under Mabel's diamonds.
"Oh, Nellie!" Mrs. Harley cried, her
cheeks aflame, her eyes downcast.
"Hlow terrible! How could she! I'oer
girl! here-give her this!" And the
diamonds glinted from the shaking of
the hand that held out her portemon
naie.
"Not a bit of it!" Mrs. Van Bibber
answered. "Come along, and give her
better than that. Tell her you're par
ried and have no children; tell her yoe'
love your husband and cling to him,
spite of wealth, society and all tempta
tions! Come with me, Mabel; and do
your duty - as a daughter -in ilis
Name!"
The Ormolu clock chimes seven.
Mabel Harley stands on the white bear
skin, before the glowing grate; calm,
determined, grandly beautiful, in her
perfect dinner dress. By her-triumph
ant, eager - almost earnest now
stands Edgar Vane.
"But why should I wait?" he pleads. "I
have waited all these years; have loved
you only-always! Oh, Mabel darling!
say you will leave this iceberg and come
with me! Give me my answer; and
make a man of me, at last!"
Expectant, rosy now, and palpitant,
the young wife stands a very statue in
pose; listening for something beyond
his burning words. The front door
slams; a quick step on the stair; she
turns to Vane, placing her hand gravely
in his:
"I will give you your answer, Edgar!
1 will make a man of you at last!" Her
eyes are on the carpet, her voice low
and gentle, but with never a tremor as
the parlor door opens wide and she
acids: "Bert! husband! I humbly beg
forgiveness for all my folly-all my sin.
I am a King's Daughter. Our bond is
Charity; and Charity is I~ve! Thank
this friend for teaching me tihe truth
in l ls X ame--tbat. ChLarity begins at
HANDY THREAD BOX.
It Is Just the Thin for Boys to Mlake fe
Mother.
Probably nothing in the category of
domestic supplies is more productive
of displays of temper than spools of
thread which are left to work their
own sweet will in a sewing basket
Perhaps some of the romping boys
with a patient mother would like to re
ward this patience in some degree by
a little work of their own in her be
,balf. If so, what would be more ac
ceptable than a neatly-arranged box
for spools of thread, one which will
keep all the various ends free from
snarls. The box shown in this cut is
made from a cigar box of sufficient
depth to hold the size of spools to be
used and leave a little more than half
an inch space between the cover of the
box and the spoj.
The bdk will probably be plastered
inside and out with paper decorations
hardly fitted to your purpose. Moisten
these with a sponge and they can soon
be scraped off with a piece of glass or
a knife, or the box may be rubbed
down with coarse sandpaper and pol
ished with a finer grade. When this
is done tighten the joints and
fasten on the cover with small
THE BOX.
hinges, strips of leather or cloth
glued on inside. Then get a
piece of half-inch board and saw out a
portion just large enough to fit inside
the box; mark off the squares on this
board so that tile lines will cross each
other as near together as the spools can
stand without interfering. At each
point of crossing bore a hole with a
very small gimlet and smooth off the
board neatly with sandpaper or a plane;
then drive through these holes from
the under side some round wire nails
long enough to reach the top of the
spools.
Put this false bottom in the box and
along the front and ends bore as many
small thread holes as there are pegs in
the board. Put on a little metal
fastening to hold the cover down and
it is ready for decoration and use. A
small ornament traced on with a burrin
ing iron point is permanent and quite
effective if carefully laid out, or it may
be done with some dark wood stain
laid on with a small brush in imitation
of inlald work.
After this is all done, varnish or oil
the box inside and out and it will make
a very pretty and acceptable gift.-N.
Y. World.
SEAFARING PIGEONS.
One of Them Pell a Victim to the Jealousy
of lIris Consort.
On the old Constellation, says a
writer in THrper's Young People, we
had a number of pigeons, four or five
pairs of different-colored plumage.
The birds were great favorites and
grew very tame during our long pas
sages at sea. They had a comfortable
house made for them by the ship's car
penter, but they preferred one of our
boats, a large roomy cutter, hanging
at davits abreast the quarter-deck,
where the officers used to take their
after-dinner smoke. In the stern
sheets of the cutter the pigeons had
made nests, securing for that purpose
odds dand ends lying about the decks,
such as rope yarns, bits of cloth and
broom straws that we would throw
down for them to gather up. As the
straws fell on deck, the birds would fly
down from the gunwale of the boat.
seize the pieces in their beaks antd fly
back. Each pair was building a nest,
and it was interesting to watch them
work together. The most energetic
seemed to be a purple hen, whose
flights to the deck from the boat were
most frequent. Nevertheless she kept
good watch over her mate and saw
that he did his share of the work.
One evening, as this daily nest
building was going on, the purple hlien,
who had just carried a straw to the
boat, hopped up on the gunwale, pre
paratory to flying down for another.
While there, her mate was on deck
picking and choosing from a number
of straws that had been thrown down
for him. Close to him was a white hen
pigeon whose mate was in the boat.
The two interchanged, perhaps, same
bird remarks or glances, not percep
tible, however, to the officers who
were standing about. The keen
glance of the purple hen, on the con
trary, saw indications of a flirtation in
the actions of the two birds, and
ruffling up her fenthers and pufling
herself out to her fullest extent, she
swooped down from her perch to the
deck. Walking up to the pair with an
air that showed unmistakable indig- I
nation and wrath, she strutted around
her mate, looking him squarely in the
eye, and dealt him three sharp blows
with her beak in quick succession.
The blows fell squarely on the head
of the bird, who staggered for a few
seconds, and then fell over dead, an
undoubted victim to the jealous rage
of his consort.
Nieeded Strengthl.
Young Wife-I am surprised to have,
a strong man like you askc tread of me.
WYeary Wanders (with dignity)-
Madam, if I wsre not a strong man I
should not ask for your brcad.-Judge.
The Diference.
Papa-Why, May, yoU are too big a
girl to play with dolls.
May-Oh no, papa. This is a big
doll.-Ilarper's Young People.
On and Off.
When a man gets off a pun he is al
was anxelious for Sla~OHIC Qo e~ o et
THE ISLE OF NID-NOD.
iii
014 a satin sail, and a silver Tst,
Over the purple waves to float;
For a path of gold, from the sunset west.
Shines out the way that we lore best?
Shut. dear eyes that have drowsy grown.
Dreams are waiting my swcg,. my own;
Mother pilots her babe alone
To the wonderful Islo of Nid-Nodl
On the shores of pearl we will roam all night.
Watching tho dream-elvces, wee and bright;
They will sing a song for my baby dear
Dance for my darling: do you hear?
Gifts they'll lay at these dimpled feet.
Stars and roses, all woven sweet:
Oh, the pretties that we shall meet
In the beautiful Isle of Nid- Noed
When the scarlet glow of the dawn shall wakre.
Homeward again our sail we'll takle:
And we'll say good-by to the wee folks all,
Promising every night to calll
Soon my precious will coo with glee,
Bafely moored will our dreamboat be;
COme, my little one, sail with mo
To the far-away Isle of Nid-Nodl
--George Cooper, in Our Little Onoa.
STORY OF A RING.
Daisy, the White Kitten. Lost It, and
Little Frank Found It.
Little Frank was almost a year old,
but he could not yet walk a step or
speak a word. All Ihe could do was to
sit upon the floor and play with blocks,
and make his rubber doll squeak.
One morning his mamma was going
to make preserves, so she took off her
gold ring and put it on the table in the
dining-room. Then she left Frank
FRANK FINDS TIlE IrINO.
there on the floor while she went Into
the kitchen. Pretty soon Daisy, the
white kitten, came in and jumped up
on the table. When she saw the ring
she whisked it off, rolled it over the
floor, and had a fine time.
At last as she was pushing It about
In a corner it sank into a small hole in
the carpet that a moth had made. She
tried to get it again, but by and by it
slipped clear out of sight. After she
had done this she strolled away to the
barn and went to sleep on the hay.
Frank had watched lher movements,
but as he could not talk he nas unable
to report her wrong doing.
When his mamma lookel for her
ring she could not find it anywhere,
and she felt very sorry.
For nearly three months the ring lay
in its snug hiding place. During that
time Frank had been growing and
learning a great deaL lie could get
all around the floor now. One day
when he was creeping in the corner he
found the tiny moth hole and put his
finger into it. Then he would often
go there and do the same thing till the
hole grew larger.
At last he saw something shining
down among the loose thrceads and he
pulled out the lost ring. Ie crept to
I his mamma and held it up to her; and,
oh, how surprised she was.
"Where did Frank find it?" she ex
claimed.
Thlen he crept back into the corner
and showed her the hole in the carpet;
but she could not think how the ring
ever got there.
When his sister Maggie came from
school and heard about it, she said: "I
believe Daisy was the rogue that lost
it; for yesterday she pushed my thim
ble off the table and rolled it over the
floor for a long time."
So they agreed that this was the way
the mischief had been done.-M. E. N.
Hatheway, in Our Little Ones.
Lost HIle rension.
In a small village in Maine there
lives an old soldier who has for many
years received a pension from the gov
ernment, which, with his small carn
ings by occasional jobs, makes him
comfortable.
One day, while at work in the house
of a neighbor, he slipped at the top of
a flight of stairs, and fell to the bot'
tom. The lady of the house heard the
noise, and hurried to learn the cause.
"Why, Ambrose," she said, "is that
you? Did you fail downstairs?"
"Yes, marm. I did." answered the
old man, "and for about a couple of
minutes I thougbt I'd lost my pension."
Breaking It Gently.
Young Wife-My dear, you were
the stroke oar at college, weren't you?
Young Husband-Yes, love.
"And a very prominent member of
the gymnastic class?"
"I was the leader."
"And quite a hand at all athletic e
ercises?"
" 'Quite a hand?' My graciousl I was
ithe champion walker, the best runner,
the head man at lifting heavy weights,
and as for carrying? Why I could
shoulder a barrel of flour an.-"
"WVell, love, just please carry the
baby a couple of hours; I'm tite4,"
Nemesis.
Little Brother-If you mock anybody
that stutters, you'll become a stutterer
yourself.
Little Sister-Will I?
"Yes, you will; and if you mock any
body that limps you'll get lame. 'cause
that's punishment."
"Then I guess that's why ladies has
to begin wearin' hoop skirts. They's
been laughinat folks that used to wear
'em."-Good News.
oe W11in stay Up.
Housekeeper-Ice will be very cheap
next summer, won't it?
Ice Man-Well, I don't know, mum.
You see, we've got a good deal of dear
ice left over from the year before, and
we'll have to sell that first, because it
might spoil, you know, and I'm afraid
by the time the old stock is gone, the
cheap ice will all be melted.-N. Y.
Weekly.
Poor*Musical Polities.
Irate Politician-You shan't have a
nickel of your bill, confound youl
Bandmaster-WVhy not?
Irate Politician-Why not, diot?
What made you play "Die Am
Rhein" whenever we go Irish
district and "The WY the
Green" when we got
wards?"-Chicago
Making It Black for
The Cook-See heah, you Idjot, what
you mixin' soot inter dat coffee fur?
Is yd done gone crazy?
The Waitress-Crazy? No. A gem
men in de dining-room dar said he
didn't want any yellar dish watah in
his'n, but if I'd bring 'im a cup of
black coffee he'd gib me a quartah.
Harper's Bazar.
A Slur on the Medical Profession.
Squills-A doctor never makes a visit
after his patient is out of danger.
Bills- I've heard of them doing so
many times.
Squills-No, I guess not; for so long
as a doctor continues his visits the
patient is in danger. - Des Moines
Argonaut.
Pat's Joke.
Pat was digging in a deep trench.
"Hullo, Irish!" cried a man from
above.
"Oi was Oirish befoor 01 got in hemp,"
returned Pat, "but now Oi?'a_ iteb
wan."-Judge."
PRACTICALLY INDESTRUCTIBLE.
Miss Fadette Flower-I have a great
affection for that church, professor-as
a child, I played about it, while it was
building!
Prof. Solomon Stiff-Is it possible?
and it seems to be still in remarkably
good repair!-Puck.
Incerable.
Ilicks-And you say that Styles was
shot at by a miscreant in the public
street. What a fright it must have
given him. I don't suppose he'll get
over it for years.
Wicks-He'll never get over it. He
is proud as Lucifer about it. He flat
ters himself that he was mistaken for a
millionaire.-Boston Transcript.
No Poverty.
Wife-That new gown of mine is a
perfect poem, isn't it?
Husband (who writes)-No, it isn't.
I've been trying for an hour to make
passementerie, or furbelow, or bout
fant, or some of those other words in
the bill, rhyme with dollars, and I
can't do it to save my neck.-Detroit
Free Press.
A Good Excuse.
Judge-Why didn't you give the
purse to the police when you found it?
Prisoner-Because it was late in the
evening. 44
Judge-But why didn't you give it on
the following morning?
Prisoner-Because there was nothing
more in it then.-Fliegende Blaetter.
The Explanation Accepted.
She-Have you doctors any feelings?
He-Oh, yes. When my own brother
is sick I call in another physician.
Doesn't that show it?
She-Yes. A man who has no com
punctions about murder, but avoids
fratricide, must have some feelings.
Life.
A Glib Salesman.
Business Man-I'll buy nothing more
from you. The last suit of clothes you
sold me shrank terribly after a single
shower of rain. The coat now doesn't
reach as far as the waist and the
trousers are up to the knees.
Traveling Salesman-Then you have
a Brst-cla.s bicycle suit, and the best
thing you can do is to buy a wheel.
Fliegende Blaetter.
She Corrected fim.
"You are the only girl in all the wide
world that I have ever loved," he said
to the Boston maiden.
"I am delighted to hear you say so,"
she answered, "but I think you are
hardly, correct in saying the wide
world. Round world would be better.
The world is round, slightly fattened
at the poles."-N. Y. Press
Made a Great mt.
"I was immensely pleased with Ham
phat in that last act."
'Why, he doesn't come on then at
all."
"No, I know he didn't."-Chicage
Record.
On Economy I~ent.
"1 like to lunch with Barrow,. His
conversation is very bright."
"That's all right, but it's cheaper U
get it direct from the comic papere"n
Hiarner's 3azar.
THE FINANCIAL DIFFICULTY.
sate Which Condema the Republiesa
Fiaanisal Policy.
When an imminent danger threatens,
the first thing to do is to avert it. It is
time enough to inquire into the causes
of the danger afterwards.
This is plail the right policy in re
gard to the e g financial difficulty.
But the orgau of the discarded repub
lican party are laboring to impeach the
sense and the patriotism of a great ma
jority of the people by assertions that
"about money the democratic party is
not to be trusted," and that the "heavy
loss of gold" is occasioned by the fact
- that `'an overwhelming prejudice with
in, fe democratio party favors silver
paymgents."
It is due to the truth of history to
meet this misrepresentation at once
with a plain statement of incontest
able facts:
1. When the democratic administra
tion came into power, on the 4th of
March, the "heavy loss of gold" under
republican rule' left but 8987,000 of
"free gold" in "the treasury, whereas
when thealemocrats went out of power
four years before the amount of free
gold above the $100,000,000 reseye
turned.over to Mr. Harrison was $W,
874,422.
2. There has been no democratic
clamor in favor of silver paymea On
the contrary, Senators foor and
Cockrell, prominent advocates of free
coinage, have approved the determina
tion of the administration to pay in
gold.
3. The most active cause of the pres
ent difficulty is the republican silver
act of 1890, under which, as Secretary
Carlisle says, "the government has
been and now is paying gold for silver
bullion and storing the silver in the
vaults, where it is as useless for any pur
pose of circulation or redemption as iron,
lead or any other commodity."
4. The suggestion of and authority
for silver redemption are contained in
this same republican law, which directs
the secretary of the treasury to "coin of
the silver bullion purchased under this
act as much as may be necessary to pro
vide for the redemption of the treasury
notes herein provided for."
In fixing responsibility stick to the
Facts. But first of all, let all good citi
zens sustain the government's policy to
maintain the public credit and keep the
public faith.--N. Y. World.
HARRISON AS LECTURER.
His War Policy Will nHavre to Undergo a
Change.
Ex-'residcnt Harrison's services have
been secured as a lecturer on interna
tional law at the Stanford university in
California, and Senator Stanford is re
ported as saying that 4ie "had an ab
horrence of war, and had suggested to
Gen. Harrison that in his lectures he
should devote himself to any extent he
desires to arguments for peace and arbi
tration." It will be interesting to hear
Gen3. Harrison lecture in favor of arbi
tration, considering how much he did
when in power to uphold, in his deal
ings with Chili, that view of national
honor which makes arbitration, as a
means of settling international dis
putes, difficult. The Chilians were in
great trouble when the Valparaiso riot
occurred; there was no reason for be
lieving that the government authorized
or approved of it, or were reluctant to
punish the rioters. There was no doubt
of our capacity to conquer the country
in a single campaign, if we chose. The
case was one, therefore, which eminent
ly called for delay, and patience and
forbearance, for, in short, the dis
play of faith in peaceful meth
ods. President Harrison, however,
from the very first, permitted
the navy department to shower threats
on the Chilians, in such volume as to
make it very difficult for a high-spirited
people to apologize and make amends,
and to commit the American press and
public to a war policy towards a small
feeble power. His getting in a war
message on Monday because he had no
telegram on Saturday is fresh in every
body's memory. Should he come out
now as a supporter of arbitration, we
trust that he will bear in mind that a
peaceful, peace-loving state of the pub
lic mind is necessary to make arbitra
tion successful, and that to produce
this state the duelistic view of honor
has to be laid aside. It was as difficult
to persuade people, when they found
we had a nice new navy, that honor did
not require us to fight the Chilians
promptly last year, as it would have
been to convince a South Carolina gen
tleman in 1859 that as good gentlemen
as he here at the north kept their honor
in good condition without either occa
sionally shooting at anybody or being
occasionally shot at. In short. in order
to have peace or peaceful modes of set
tling differences, we have to cultivate a
peaceable disposition.-N. Y. Post.
Carlisle's Backling.
Democrats understand very well the
pressure to which Secretary Carlisle is
subjected by the millionaires and gold
speculators, and he will find all demo
crats ready to support him in carrying
out a just and honest policy. He need
not ask from these insolent and dicta
torial people a single dollar either as a
loan or as a favcw. If he wants another
hundred million in gold, or if he needs
two hundred million or three hundred
million, to do what the plutocrats call
"maintaining the public credit," the
democratic party and the democratic
congress will see that he gets it. Let
him give these people to understand
that it is inconsistent with the 'dignity
of the United States under democratic
administra tiosg to beg from them or to
accept favors fromt them and that it is
inconsiatent with both law and justice
to borrow from them to help them cor
ner money against the people. He can
rely on it that the democratic' congress
will give the treasury all the gold that
can possibly be called for.-St. Louis
Republic.
----Senator CullUm, of Illinois, is
rallying around the flag which was low
ered at Ilawqil The senator is always
ready torally in times of peace.-St.
Louis Republic.
----The republican newspaper corre
spondents must get together on their
stories before they can hope to peli the
cabinet aParl-N. Y. World.
CONFIDENCE RESTORED.
Pablie Faith was Withstood Cowardly
Republican Attacks.
It is a credit to the people of this
country that all the petty attempts to
create a financial flurry and precipitate
a disastrous crisis have been unavail
ing. Never before has the spirit of
party malignity more recklessly assert
ed itself. The relations of the president
and the cabinet have been misrepresent
ed and an open rupture between them
made to appear as imminent. Repub
lican organs have exerted their influence
to create a .want of confidence and to
arouse the financial interests of the
west against those of the east. There
has been a well-defined purpose to in
jure the administration in the eyes of
the country, no matter what disastrous
consequences might ensue. But publio
faith has withstood the cowardly as
saunlt because firm in the belief that
those who have been placed at the head
of affairs will do that which is wisest
and best for the good of the govern
ment and the people.
The recent meeting of the secretary
of the treasury and the bankers of New
York removed any disturbing doubts
that may have been created in the
minds of the business men and the
financiers of the country. It threw
light upon phases of the question that
were before obscure, and corrected-mis
understandings that had arisen. It
brought out clearly the fact, which
some have affected to doubt, that-the
secretary and the bankers have the
same object in view, and are entirely
agreed as to the necessity of repealing
the silver act of 1800 as the only com
plete remedy for existing evils. There
were some differences of view as to the
details of the action probably required
in the interval before .this repeal can
be achieved; but they are anxious to co
operate with each other in the most
cordial manner.
These facts are of the utmost impor
tance, because it is plain that no finan
cial policy can be successful which, on
the one hand, has not the approval of
the secretary, and on the other does not
meet the requirements of the large
commercial and financial interests rep
resented by the bankers. Secretary
Carlisle has shown a clearer conception
of the situation and its demands than
some even of his friends were willing
to concede to him. He has also recog
nized the responsibility of the bankers
as trustees for the greater part of the
business of the whole country, a matter
which in itself is of primary impor
tance.. With amicable cooperation se
cured, and with the known broad and
well-considered views of President
Cleveland, the country can look for
ward to the difficulties which must be
met with confident assurance that they
will be overcome without serious conse
quences to the business interests of the
country.-Detroit Free Press.
CLEVELAND'S FINANCIAL POLICY
A Declaration Which Leaves No Room
for Doubt or Unertainty.
The following authoritative statement
by President Cleveland clears the
financial atmosphere. It follows up
specifically the pledge of the inaugural
address. It meets boldly a situation
which has thrown into uncertainty
many positive men. The president
says:
'"The inclination on the part of the
public to accept newspaper reports con
cerning the intentions of those charged
with the management of our national
finances seems to justify my emphatio
contradiction of the statement that the
redemption of any kind of treasury
notes, except in gold, has at any time
been determined upon or contemplated
by the secretary of the treasury or -any
other member of the present adminis
tration. The president and his cabinet
are absolutely harmonious in the deter
mination to exercise every power con
ferred upon them to maintain the pub
lic credit, to keep the public faith and
to preserve the parity between gold and
silver and between all financial obliga
tions of the government.
"'hile the law of 1890 forcing the
purchase of a fixed amount of silver
every month provides that the secretary
of the treasury, in his discretion, may
redeem in either gold or silver the
treasury notes given in payment of sil
ver purchases. yet the declaration of
the policy of the government to main
tain the parity between the two met
als, seems so clearly to regulate this
discretion as to dictate their redemp
tion in gold.
"Of course, perplexity and difficulties
have grown out of an unfortunate
financial policy which we found in
vogue, and embarrassments have arisen
from ill-advised financial legislation,
confronting us at every turn, but, with
cheerful confidence among the people
and a patriotic disposition to cooperate,
threatened dangers will be averted,
pending a legislative return to a better
and sounder financial plan. The strong
credit of the country, still unimpaired,
and the good sense of our people, which
has never failed in time of need, are at
hand tS E save us from disaster."--Al
bany Argua .
-The emphatic statement of th
president as to the determination to
continue the payment of the treasury
notes in-gold will set at rest theaoubts
which the timid ones have had as to the
policy of the administration in that re
gard. The statement is of value in an
other aspect. It calls attention to the
fact that the existing trouble, concern
ing which his republican critics are so -
voluble, is of republican origin. It is
the Sherman law more than any other
agency-more indeed than all others
combined-that has brought about the
present situation. The practical efeet
of that measure has been to compel the -
government to exchange itsj gold for
silver, and it was idle to expect that
this could be continued indefinitely
without depleting seriously, if not dan
gerously, the stock of gold. -Detroit
Free Press.
--The democratic administratio
turned o'er to its republican seceeWoy
four years ago nearly ten times as much
free goldcus it received back fromi Sea
retary Foster last March. AS~sda
the republican organs assert tbat
return to the old regime is - .
to restore t'UonSI n@dene-N Y.
·- Oii