•. ' f U ATING THE oROPS. pro
--tot
While the chief objet of eultivation - ta
s to p ý* O er " no
with our specially sown crops, it is not the
Phe exclusive object by any means. can
" On . tal iaWey very teh'it is only but
necessra, it is true, to keep down the bar
h eeTs ,t piedest their choking out the i,
valuab e crop to secure a luxuriant be
-crdp :y~ tiHkon ioileiof onlymedium fer- atu
tility and that dry out their moisture r
rapid cultivation is resorted to as a
means of preserving a steady supply on
of umel ur`e4'l adiai3ttirp the nices* mo
ssry oxygen to the soil &nd'keeping it alo
from becoming too hard for the young b
roots to penetrate it rapidly. sta
Cultivation should begin with most lsy
plants as soon as they are well up. A
shallow breaking of the crust close to beg
the plants just then keeps in check the rea
weeds, hastens the formation of roots
and holds in reserve the moisture about thi
the plants that would soon be dispeled ma
if the soil were left undisturbed. en:
Beets, carrots, onions and all such
Splants that are very small when young, to
'if allowed to get the least weedy just be
after coming up. presents a very labori- sh
ous job to the cultivator, and the labor bil
of cultivation is multiplied ten times an
oyey what is necessary if the weeds are
aspvetpermitted to show themselves. hi]
With regard to all such plants as are ta'
very tender and delicate when they ha
-.-first come up, the practice of destroy- Tl
ing weeds and grass before they come th
up must always hold as the best-the ra
most economical. First cultivation of vi:
such plants as Irish potatoes, corge ro
beans, squashes and such plants that to
are first in seed beds and then trans
planted after attaining some size is a
much easier than it is with the first ti
mentioned. Still it is not desirable to s,
allo4the'weeds any foot-hold among so
thesaeby leaving the soil unidisturbed thl
foeraen a week or two. A protracted 1t
rainy spell might occur and favor the
weeds getting too strong a hold that
wdald require much unnecessary labor
to break. The old adage says, the best cc
time to kill weeds is before they come de
up. a
It, will altways be found to pay to ca
leave the soil after sowing level and fi:
free from trash and stones, so that the o1
. ....-ou.ngplants can be rapidly and easily it
cultivated with the hoc as soon as the ye
plants are up, ana without danger of w
covering them with loose stones or soiL n'
For this reason it is well to run a roller p4
of some kind along the seed rows after ai
covering lightly with a rake. This m
leaves the soil perfectly level, and ren- tl
dgrs rapid cultivation more easily done a'
than when the soil is left rough and h;
cloddy. A
The old-time scuffle hoe has not yet h:
-been improved on as the very best im- v,
plement for rapidly scarifying the soil el
close to the young plants, merely run
ning around them with itt and leaving d
Sthe plow to clean the middle between re
the hoe furrows. A light garden plow v+
(hand), with a little sweep on it, is an- tl
other good implement for the purpose, M
)mt. ofgthe.two, as a rule, we would pre- ci
fer the scuffie hoe. These are merely v
for the first and most important culti- 0
vation. Afterwards heavier hand im- u
plements and the horse plow can be a
reswrea tou to carry the eropto com- r
pletion. For garden crops, a heavy y
drag rake with sharp teeth and ii
pronged hoes are implements to econo- t
mize work also. Still hoes of various v
widths for "chopping out" the differ- v
ent cops should be kept on hand. t
In rich soil the wee ds and grassoften- a
tids"es splng up before the vegetables C
ma'ltn their appearance, and this ren
ders$he first cultivation tedious. Beets, C
calrots, salsify,-parsnips, onions, parbs
ley, an d some few others when sown
in January or February usually require
often and sometimes even more than
twenty days to germinate; and several
weeds of a hardy character will fre
quently spring up and cover the soil
before a vegetable plant appears. In 1
such foul soil it is an excellent
plan to sow a few radish seed
(which are prompt to germinate)
alonr in the rows with the seed of
plants, like these above mentioned,
which are slower in germinating. The'
radish-plants soon make a show and
locate the home of the seed, and the
rows can be easily cultivated, if any
weeds appear, and with no danger of
destroying the other vegetables that
are just beginning to germinate. By
having a radish-plant every two or
three inches, the place ot the other
seeds will be perfectly marked, and
allow of as good extermination of the
weeds as if all the plants were up.
Later the radishes can be drawn out,
after accomplishing their helpful of
fice. Even in clean soil this method can
be observed to advantage, and all the
S radishes needed can thus be grown
wyithout devoting a plot specially to
them.
In the growing of Irish potatoes, and
especially when planted late, it is a
good plan to ridge on the seed furrows.
and fifteen or twenty days after plant
ing bring the soil to a level by a good
harrowing. This will effectually dis
pose of the first crop of weeds, and give
the pota.toes a send off in perfectly
crean soil In small garden plots this
. a nbe done with the drag rake.
On light, porous soils-these abound
" i,gJid humus, and especially in unde
Soelposed vegetable matter-shallow
cultivation is called for, for it is quite
possible to have soil too loose for the
good of the crops. A certain compact
-. ness of this soil is as essential to the
S*-opelrgrowth of the lateral roots of
C ~Jplhats in dry weather on some soils as
a certain looseness of the same is im
portant, or stiff soils that have a tend
ency to run together.
- Clayey soils of the latter character,
ihat contain but little vegetable mat
ter, admit of and require deeper cul
ptr.psussuly than these light soils that
conta~in much vegetable matter.
....- After the crop has made a good start
,,ff it is not wise to disturb the lateral
Wt etstee, deep Culture, "
,m bhis sile,'siat rI t pr~iing .ibta
late in its growth has been known to
improve the yield of grain.- Butdf as
a rale, soil pruning is not to be tol
)r"-Lf at"-to -any . considerable extent
on our average soils and in our burn
ing suns. -
S Deep and thaorngfi ~letation for
p.Inting and frequent shallow cultiva
tion is'the true method in our latitude
slid on our average soils.-Southern
- Te weet Pstate.
Sweet potatoes rsequire a rich, light,
war :r a* olt. T dh olita farthber south
r· !~R ll,09~;ISWIQSPDIIk tO tbota, piU4
there -Is often much dtficulty too far F
aorth in saving , the tubers sound
telfough , uL S 'I4g tfor asprouting to
produce young plants. hie essentials
to their. good preservation are a dry
*ad rather warae jatupsapere; the
bllar1best calculated to keep Irish po- p
tatoes is usually too cool and damp. 11
no lace is had of the- nieessary high
telhpdrature it Is best to get them in q
the spring from the south, where they.
can always be kept in good condition;
but they may be kept by packing in
barrels in dry land and. keeping them
-in a warm room. Sixty degrees may
be considered the right winter temper
ature.
When ready to start the potatoes in
hot bed, lay them thickly together
on a two-inch layer of sand and leaf
:mold composted together, or on sand
alone if the mold is not to be had. As
soon as the buds or eyes show signs of
starting cover the tuber with an inch
layer of the same material. Treat the
same as other tender plants in the hot
beds, and the slips or sprouts will be
ready for planting in six or eight
weeks. As the sprouts come up very Tay
thickly, repeated thinnings should be
made, always pulling the largest. This
enables all to make good plants. In
The plants are set out in rows three
to four feet apart, with about two feet ye
between the plants, using a good ma
shovelful of well-rotted manure in each or
bilL Do not set them in heavy soil
and expect good results. ot
' As the plants grow, the rows are
hilled up with the plow, care being in
taken to prevent the vines, as they an
hang over, from rooting in the sand. P.
This may be done by passing down s't
the rows occasionally with a hoe or fu
rake handle, running it under the fu
vines, thus gently breaking any young be
roots and preventing them striking in- th
to the sand.
- Unless sweet potatoes can be kept in
a warm place they should be used in
t the fall or early winter. They may be
stored in shallow boxes piled in tiers
so the air can circulate among them; at
I the temperature not allowed to fall an
below fifty degrees. -Exchange.
t Ashes as Absorbents. 617
r The best use that can be made of w
t coal ashes is to silt and put them un- sa
e der the hen roost as an absorbent, says fa
a writer in American Poultry Advo- tr
o cate. Sifted coal ashes absorb liquids, it
d fix volatile ammonia, thus preventing
e offensive odors. But with wood ashes es
y it is different. The worst possible use
e you can make of wood ashes is potash, he
if which makes it a very valuable ma- H
L nure. But put under the hen roost the w
r potash mixes with the ammonia- -i
r another valuable element in the lken s
is manure and the potash is changed to Pi
t- the volatile carbonate of ammonia and b;
e away it goes up among the fowls, per- it
d haps doing much damage to them.
After the heat has subsided you sE
t have a manure that isn't worth 5E
I. very much. This process is gen- iv
it erally termed heating. Coal ashes w
I"fix' the aummonia so that it e'
g does not heat and yet the ammonia is
n retained all the same and you have a w
iv valuab'e manure. Some people say h
1- that you should never put wood-ashes ft
where the hens can wallow in them, tl
claiming that the potash in the ashes tl
y will make sores on the legs and bodies ti
,i- of the fowls. Now it will not do this s
a- unless the ashes or the fowls' bodies
me are wet, and we claim that this is the 7
a- real use of wood-ashes in the poultry- 1
ry yard. You can have a box with a cover a
id in which to keep the ashes, shutting a
o- the cover down on wet or rainy days T
us when the fovils" bodies are liable to be P
r- wet. - The ashes will be a great help to t
the fowls in keeping off insect pests,
a- and they will find quite a little char- I
es coal in the ashes which will aid in di
n- gesting their food and correcting bowel
disorders. We think, too, it would be
a good plan to have a box of sifted
ra coal-ashes for the hens to dust in.
re HERE AND THERE.
al -The tender fruits are believed to
e- have been swept clean by the recent
)il cold wave that bore down on Texas.
In Even strawberry plants were killed.
nt -It is impossible to spread manure
ed evenly and rapidly by hand. A great
e) part of the stable manure drawn upon
of the land has little effect, because it is
cd, left in large lumps instead of being
he well incorporated with the soil. The
ad spreader's the thipg.
--There is never any necessity for
no deeply covering" seed of any kind.
0 Wherever it is done either by hand or
at machinery, the seed is pretty sure to
By be planted too deeply. A slight cover
or ing well packed down over the seed is
er better than depending on the amlount
he of soil above it to pack it.
--Every farmer ought to have a set
Ip. of farm scales, not to supersede his own
of: judSgnentas to the weight of stock, but
to Est it. If he does not have the
he scales the farmer is always at a disad
Svantage. The butcher and speculative
to buyer are constanrtly exercising their
judgment in guessing at live weights.
nd -All farmers know that summer
Smade pork costs less than that made in
a winter. It is not altogether the cold
nt- which prevents hogs from gaining as
>od rapidly in winter. ALood share of tihe
is- difference is due to the fact tha, in
ive summer there is plenty of grass, clover
thy and other succulent feed, and in win
his ter these are rarely supplied.
-No horse, however lightly worked,
nd should be fed on hay alone. The ration
de- should include grass or roots, and
ow when the work is hard enough a suit
ite able quantity of grain. No horse that
the is lightly worked should be highly fed
set- on grain. It is a common and costly
the practice which causes many a horse to
of be discarded long before his time.
as -Many farmers sustain aloss in the
im- yield of the crop by using small ears of
nd- corn for seed. The largest ears that
will mature in the locality should in
ter, variably be used for seed, and, in fact.
mat- corn can be "bred up" to growv large
ul- ears, as the principle applied to the
hat breeding of live stock is just as appli
cable to the growing of grains and
art vegetables.
ral -In the large markets it makes no
difference whether eggs are brown or
on white, the price is the same, but it
ii does make a difference whether thea
to are mixed promiscuously or not. For
as the higher and "fancy" they should be
tol- of.uniform sizeand color-either brown
nt or white. It's this "fancy" price which
row pays, and to secure it; extra skill in
rn- selecting and packing is called for.
-The horse's natural food is grass.
for There is nothing else upon which he
will do so well or live so long. His in
ude ternal economy can accommodate itself
ern to the dried, seedless stalks of winter,
the luxuriant foliage of spring or the
highly nutritious seed pods of summer.
ht, The stalks preserve his th, the
uth green foliage fattens hIiam ar the seesl
Pand ods lmvieraw and str hia
FOR' YOUR _PEQPL .
S ALDDN'AD LAMP.
A
you.Mave read the fiamous sty yea
S Of the lamp Aladdin ownd; the.
Bow it brought him wealth and glory
Won him wife o'er rasei enthronedl to t
And have wished, no doubt, when rea.ain. one
· You like magie power possesse- A
That desiring aught or needing.
? It might comne at your behest. lar
S But methintl a deeper meaning. ma!
One may in the flction find; ha
¶ruth a momeot'a thoughtful gleaming. h
Will reveal unto the mind.
For I deem thb lamp is waiting
Still the touch of heedful hand;
'Tis not fancy's idle stating.
S Mann to-day may fate command.
Would you then the gift be granted.
L ike Aladdin, now to do? .
S (R' collot his lamp enchanted,
t' Seemed mere copper to the view.)
, W'ell, the charm in which such woonders.
Little guessed, yet latent lurk.,
Is .unless my judgment blunders.
Just old-fashioned, common work!
It -Phlip B. Strong, in Golden Dys.
it .JACKY'S LITTLE MISTAKE.
SThis Tale Rls Friends Call the True
etory of the Flood.
Jack Gray's father and mother lived
In Niew York eleven months in the
t year, but the whole family almost in
vd ariably spent August at the sea shore tu
h or in the country. hi
ii MIr. and Mrs. Gray had purchased a
lot on Fifth avenue long before so de
much wealth and fashion congregated mi
e in that particular section of the city, In
ig and, although there were many more
a pretentious homes than theirs on every th
side, still their house was handsome He
nwithout, and the books, pictures, m.
10 furniture and carpets were what might TI
ig be expected in that locality, notwith- be
n standing the fact that they regarded as
themselves as plain people. who had
in not pursued, but been overtaken by, z
in fashion. ca
in A sultry morning, the last day of Ic
July, found the furniture covered up e
and packed away for a month's nap, e
ll and a carriage at the door ready to A.
take the Grays to the station.
As Mrs. Gray passed through the hall
she noticed that one piece of baggage
of was unmarked. "Jacky. dear," she N.
n. said. "please run upstais and write
ys father's name on a card for the leather
"o. trunk; it has all our bathing suits in lv
is, it, and we must not risk losing it." tr
g Jacky flew to the third story, his t1
es especial property, and he wrote p;
se "Jonathan Gray" with such a flourish ir
ih, he splashed ink all over his fingers. b,
a. He went to an upstairs bathroom to sl
he wash his hands; but the water would 1
not come, so he rushed down to the Ie
en second story bathroom, made himself
to presentable, and was in the carriage r,
nd by the driver before his mother thought
ir- it possible. rt
in. Ir. Gray locked the front door, and It
ou sending the key to his brother's by a It
*th servant. started on his summer holiday
.n- with the comfortable feeling that he
wes was taking a needed rest and leaving ii
it everything safe in his absence. at
is About ten days later two policemen d
a were lounging by a lamp post znear the g
my house. It had been raining for twenty- b
les four hours preceding, and, although ii
:n, the sun was now shining brilliantly, t
les the eaves were still dripping, and from II
let the marble steps ran n steady little t
hli stream to the street. h
!es "I say, Bill," remarked one of the r
the men to his comrade, "it's a monstrous I
ry. quare thing, but 1 b'lieve it rained I
ver more on this one house yesterday than c
ing any three in the city; every time I a
ays paseed there was a reg'lar pond on the
be pavement, and it's still a-comin' down r
Sto them steps."
sts, "You everlasting igiot!" - returned f
iar- Bill, "it's a-running out of the house!
lbe
lted
I to I
:ent
eat t
Pn\5 I ,
ure Where t's rot oie
oing n i
Sthe fke
u to THFe WATER WAS F.sroIe DOWNi THe
C isFROST STAIRWAY.
aut Where s your eyes-don't you seew it
coming right under. the door?"
set And so it was!
l ortunately, the first speaker knev
but where Mrr. Gray's brother lived, and
the hastening to the place, he told Ir.
sad' William Gray that there appeared to
tive be something the matter. Within an
heir hour the front door hwas unlocked and
hts. a deplorable sight was revealed. The
ner- beholders might have said with the
le in Ancient hariner. that there was
cold '"ater, water everywhere;" for it was
g as flowing gently down the front stair
tie way, dripping from the ceilings, and
in each floor was full of little pools. All
over the carpets had been left on the lower
winv story, and they hind been saturated to
such an extent that the sensation was
ked, that of walking on sponges: from the
tion parlor walls hung long festoons of rich
and velvet paper.
Uncle Willism. almost raising an
tt umbrella in his excitement, rushed up
fedto the thirl-story bathroom, anld there
was a tub overflowing on every side,
t and a full head on in the-spigot .lacky
I had forgotten to turn back. Yell,
te they stopped it, you may be sure. and
"the long tongue." as the Indians call
r the telegraph. said to MIr. G;ray, down
Sin at ('ape Mlay: ''Come at once. House
dlamaged 1,by water." He came by the
fact first train and he sent for women with
arg cloths and buckets, andl for plumbers
and carpenters and painters and paper
ppli- hangers and upholsterers, and he spent
more than three thousand dollars
"'cleaning house" that autumn.
'n o Now, how old do you suppose Jachy
'a or must have been to have done all that
mischief?. "Ten," did you say? No,
the he was more than that. 'Twelve?"
Id be 'o, wrong again. "Thirteen?" I see
I ohall have to help you guess--he was
hin twenty-six years old, and weighed one
ii in hundred and sixty pounds; and it was
a good thing he was so old and big. for
if he had been a small boy it would
rass. have seemed a very careless trick in
:h he leed: bitut as it was, people only said:
sin- " D)ear. dear. dear! Well, accidents
itself vill happcn:"-Mary Bentley Thormas,
nter, i t. Sicholas.
Ithe a 'e chiharei'-d nothing 10 Ect,
ase4l gior their dad was exceeilatl Ct'?
bnl ineteld 0F ah buhel of wliett
lie pu igu hM4 A IhO~lAy· littal
THE TAMED SEAt. BU
ip'ue '.at e. a5* sa s e 9 a* -u .Loked.
A t iiany seals are killed every
year for their soft. fine fur.; Among Im
the Shetlnq .islands the p~pple used
to think .th harm would come to any- a,
one who killed a seal.
A number' of these animals were TI
4aught and trained. One was a very inset
large fellow. Two men could hardly
manage him. He was soon tamed, and e
had-a shed for his home. Every day. nat
he would go to the sea for food, and re- to
bodi
barl
live:
tlset
whi
Sthe
caul
the
ma
I baii
as i ike i
s rs
THE PET SEAL. pre
turn to the Td when his master called p
him.
At the house of his owner lived a wa
Sdear little baby boy. One day baby's The
mother rooked him to sleep and fro
laid him in his little bed. Then she lea
e went out, leaving the door open. so ms
i that she might hear him if he awoke. sol
e ie did not awake: but after awhile the
mamma canme into the room again. nol
t There was the great seal close to no
Sbaby's cot, looking into his face just
d as if he would like to kiss him.
d Mamma was frightened and
screamed. Then the seal's master
f came and ordered him out. lIe
floundered away to his shed. The
P seal would not have hurt the baby.
' Seals are very loving creatures.-Julia
o A. Tirrell, in Our Little Men and
Women. _
A HUNDRED YEARS AGO.
e Not sues a Pleasant Period as some
e would Havre Us Believe.
r A story is told in Sunshine of a fami
n fly living in colonial times, lwhose ex
travagant habits excited the alarm of
is the village. The oldest son bought a
e pair of bootst the second son invested
h in an overcoat, the third brother
5. bought a watch, and the fifth a pair of
oo shoe bucklers. The neighbors all
td shook their heads and whispered to
to each other:
f i "That family is on the high road to
e ruin."
t ILegislation in New England tried to
restrain extravagance in dress, and
ed laws were passed against wearing
a laces, embroidery, needlework caps and
y "immoderate great sleeves." th
oe By way of silently reproving the van- w.
g ity of their wives and daughters. the th
sterner sex appeared in immense pow- at
n dered wigs, stiffly-starched ruffles, ol
he glittering knee and shoe buckles, em- th
b- broidered silk vests, white silk stock- ol
Ih ings, and coats of every hue but black, l.
y, trimmed with great gilt or silver bue- hi
in kles; with these elaborate wardrobes w
le to keep in order, the women had very
little time to cultivate their "squir- sI
he rels brains." to quote one of the gal- tl
us lant (?) croakers of the time. Mrs. p4
ed Adams, however. had a will of her b'
an own. She wrote to her husband and vi
I asked him to send her from Philadel- a
he phis, in 1775. two yards of black cain- f<
rn manco for shoes, saying she "would c,
not wear leather if she went bare- b
ed footed."
tel The shoes were of the same material s.
as the dress. often skillfully embroid- 11
ered. -Country girls sometimes carried
the broadcloth shoes with peaked toes
in their hands until they reached the
church, but the pink satin and yellow i
brocade sthoes of city maidens were
supported on clogs and pattens. n
After all, we fancy the most ardent
lovers of the past would not be in favor 1
of reviving the time-honored customs I
of the early days of the republic. With
the mahogany sideboard rescued from 'j
oblivion, the spinning wheel set up in t
the parlor, and the quaint china teaset t
upon the closet shelves, we can all cry: c
' Oh! those pleasant times of old, with their
chivalry ant state,
I love to read their chronicles which such brave
deeds relate. C
Slove to sing their ancient rhymes, to bear 1
their legends told
But we'vo reason to he thankful that we live
not in these blessel times of old."
The Lawyer Uldn't Tangle Ilim.
a The satisfaction that everyone must t
feel at the triumph of the boy. about c
it whom the 'Iassachusetts Ploughman
tells this anecdote. is due to the same I
feeling that prompts a big-hearted man I
env to take the part of the "undermost t
nd dog." Walter was the important wit- t
Mr. ness. and one of the lawyers, after
to cross-questioning him severely, said:
an 'Your father has been talking to
nd you. and telling you how to testify, I
ie hasn't hle?"
the "'Yes," said the bIoy. I
vas "Now," said the lawyer, '"just tell us
vas how your father told you to testify."
air- "WVell," said the boy. modestly,
and "father told me that the lawyers
All would try to tangle me, but if I would
ver just he careful and tell the truth, I i
Sto could tell the same thing every time." 1
as The lawyer didn't try to tangle up I
the that boy any more.
Those Soutlellttl Newspapers. 1
Mr. Reader-The papers mention a
an number (of instances in which labor 1
unions have loaned money to en
ere ployers in order to keep the works run- 1
de ning during te dull times.
y Mrs. Render-Yes, I noticed that;
ell. but I don't believe it.
anti Vhy not?'
Scall Itold lridget about. it. and asked
v her to lend me some money to pay her
tse wages. and she got as mad as a hor
net."-N. Y. Weekly.
bers So to speakr.
per- Miss Limited-Oh, conductor: I am
ent nearly seasickl Do your cars always
lars sway and jounce and swing around
like this?
cky Conductor--VWell, this is a pretty
hat crooked road, but you won't mind it
No, when you get used to it.
re?" Miss Limited (faintly)-You mean
see when I "get onto its curves."-Brook
was lyn Life.
one Two gueMtlons.
was Old McGrumpps-Do you suppose
for that I am going to allow my daughter
Ould to marry a man as poor as ypu are?
C n- Young McGall-Do you Auppose that
aid:any riech man wotuld marry a girl as
ents homely as she trs?-N. Y. Weekly.
An Unoeeessry" Statute.
"In the old Puritan days a mana
wasn't allowed to kiss his wife on Su:
day."
"Why, whtt ~aa evfep Wauted to?"-
Vogue " .
BUILDING AND SCIENCE
D
THE BEST OF MMIC"Oi par
An Inseet Which Looks Masely Lake a T
Ioaf--Wh7 'the PIhiUylm "ywthe NI Es.- "l0
eeds itsy pamnult: o .tpeae. na its 000
IHsants-It Imltattes Twipasu Well at' T
Leaves, -in
There is, -perhaps. no other group of fee'
insects which in form and color are so T
generally imitative, and " which dur
naturalists have found more difficult visa
to detect in their haunts.t " Their A
bodies often resemble the roughened tw
bark of the trees amw which they to
live; or they seem to have growing to
them little flecks of lichen or moss, gig
which add to the deception. The dis- ecie
guise of the walking leaf Phyllium is spt
the more striking to a naturalist be- fee
cause he will notice that whereas
among all 3ther members of the tribe G02
the wing-ctver (when they exist) are se
greatly abbreviated, the very opposite sat
is true in Phyllium, the wing-covers, is
the only members which could be en
made to resemble a leaf to perfection,
being greatly developed, while the na
wings are aborted, as if the wing cov- thi
Irs were here, developed for the ex- o
press purpose of this mimicry. o
Twenty-five years ago, at the Jardin nra
d'Acclimatio n at Paris, some of these tic
walking leaves were exhibited alive.
They were placed on growing plants, of
from which the larger part of the sh
leaves were utripped; that the insects th
might not too easily conceal them- he
selves. Tf a large placard announcing Ti
the presence of these creatures had 21'
not drawn attention to them, certainly ag
no one would have recognized any- 55'
SI or
r i be
bc
S of
al
AA a;
d,
82
cc
fI pl
/ Lg
tl
THE 1'IIrYILIUM cYTHE.
thing extraordinary; and even as it
-was many a person after examining
a the case with care. left without seeing A
anything but the plant, and with the
5. opinion that -what the placard told
* them to look for was some minute
- object too microscopic for their sight.
~C Even those who knew what to expect ;
- had often a long search to discover what
y The same was true of the living
r- specimens at Edinburgh. Of one of t
.1- them Murray says: "For the greatest ~.
S. period of its life it so exactly resem
4r bled the leaf on which it fed that when
id visitors were shown it they usually,
1- after looking carefully over the plant
a- for a minute or two. declared that they
Id could see no insect. It had then to
'- be more minutely pointed out to them;
and, although seeing is notoriously
a1 said to be believing. it looked so abso
d- lutely the same a- the leaves among
a which it rested that this test rarely
es satisfied them, and nothing would con
vince them that there was a real live
* insect there but the test of touch.
re it had to be stirred up to make it
move."
nt Undoubtedly this imitative resem
or blance is most striking in the walking
us leaf, but it is quite as complete in
th many of the walking sticks proper.
'm The naturalist W1allace, familiar with
in them in tropical forests, says that in
;et the JMoluccas they are found "hanging
y: on the shrubs that line the forest
dir paths; and they resemble sticks so ex
ave actly in color, in the small rugosities
of the bark, in the knots and small
ear branches imitated by the joints of the
legs, which are either pressed close to
the body or stuck out at random, that
it is absolutely impossible by the eye
alone to distinguish the real dead
ist twigs which fall down from the trees
nt overhead from the living insects."
an And lie adds that he has "often
me looked at them in doubt, and hasoften
an been obliged to use-the sense of touch
>st to determine the point."-Samuel H.
it- cudder, in Harper's Magazine.
Discoloration or Piano RKeys.
to The process of discoloration in ivory
fy, proceeds more rapidly when light and
air cannot get to it than when it is ex
posed to their influence. This is espe
us cially the case in the keys of a piano
forte, which often exhibit a distinctly
ly, yellow hue. A recent invention is de
re signed to prevent this discoloration.
aid and consists essentially in so construct
, I ing the casingof the keyboard that the
e." Ikeys shall always be exposed to the
up light and the atmosphere. Silvered
glass gathers and reflects the light on
the keyboard. to which the air also has
n free access, and the inventor claims
bor that by this arrangement the attract
m- iveness of the exterior of the instru
an- ment is 'reatly enhanced.
A Ianmmoth Object Olass.
at; The flint glass disk used by the
Clarks in making the great objective
for the Liclk telescope was cast
ked in Europe by 31. Iil. Its original
ediameter was 38.10 inches, its thick
or- ness 21.65 inches and its weight 375
pounds. It was 29 days from the date
of the casting before Prof. Fell consid
ered that it had cooled sufficiently to
allow of safe removal from the mold.
and almns or the retberm.
Fair Girl-I am sure papa would not
tty object to you, but I am afraid mamma
Sit will. She says your family have de
prayed tastes.
can Rich Grocer's Son-dood gracious'
,ok- Where did she get that idea?
Fair Girl--I think she judges by the
butter your father used to recommenad
as good.-Good News.
pose
iter l'mposeltbse.
Spatts-I'm very sorry for that boy.
hat Your scolding cut him to the quick.
as Bloobumper---That's impossible. He
hasno quick. He's a messenger boy.
Truth. '
Hna FaolloweIg Up the RoemblSMce.
m:- Ilofsack-Mrs. GQ1l4ers can read her
bsaband like a boolk.
p?'., Tomadlk---Yea; and ahe oa hhubt him
'P We 9R, too-P-1UOo.
SCOIENTIFIO SORAtPS.-'
Des~arreai io' o roeks'' is cainsed
partly bj7iinuf e aniaal organlas.-:
TaE average speed ofthe tranm¢"i b
sion of earthquake shocks is nearly 16,- able
000 feet per second. e xc
THmau hundred and sixty mountains fron
in .the United Stats bre over 10,000 man
feet high. pos
TIHERE will be twd eclipses of the sun beet
during the year, but both will be in- tena
visible in the United States. bees
Ax "inch of rain" means a gallon of be
water spread overa surface, of nearly Teg
two square feet, or a fall of about 100 ty d
tons upon an acre. are
THE largest trees are not- the sequoia mol
gigantes of California, but certain spe- "th
cies of eucalyptus in Australasia. One tak
specimen in Victoria is said to be 471 que
feet high. pro
A cynIe foot of fresh water weighs ing.
O23/ pounds, a cubic foot of salt water P
weights 64.3 pounds, a cubic foot of ice brea
at 32 degrees weighs 571.5 pounds.-.This can<
is ascertained by weighing. the differ- due
ent materials. tou
Ix calculating "exact time" at the mil
national observatory at Washington hil
the astronomers do not, as is general- his
ly supposed, "use the sun as a basis dro
of their calculations. Such deductions
are made only from the relative posi
tion of the "fixed stars." LOg
OFFICIAL tests of different qualities one
of steel at the Massachusetts Arsenal not
- show, contrary to the popular opinion, nul
that steel is stronger at zero Fahren- by
heit than at ordinary temperatures. her
The minimum of strength is at about be
1 210 degrees, but above that it rises jou
again till it reaches its maximum at life
550 degrees. res
PRor. Em.IHnr Tnoirsox, in a lecture be
on "'Cosmical Electricity," suggests the see
idea that temporary or shooting stars, int
becoming visible and -.hen fading wh
I away. may be merely the exchange fre
of electric energy between highly the
charged planets possessing a different bet
polarity, and not stars at all. of ;
A ror.sn of rice is shown by chemical lib
analysis to contain 86.09 per cent. of pre
nutritive matter. The same quantity ing
of wheat contains 82.54 per cent.; rye, the
82.70 per cent.: oats. 74.2 per cent.;: h
corn, 85.97 per cent.; potatoes. 1.3.24 pre
per ceft.: fat beef, 46.03: per cent; lean rul
beef. 70.S:: per cent. me
As electric motor attachment has of
been applied to the Giatling gun,.which ihh
prtonlises not only to mtore than cldoble th
the destructive capabilities of that esa
particular machine. but to effect a
great advance in the efliciency of all
machine guns. The motor is detach- t,
able, is of one horse-poewer, is very
small. weighlini but a trifle over fifty
pounds, and is placed in the breech of Eu
the gun. amply protected. The motor th
increases the present rate of firing tc
1,200 shots a minute, to more than 3,000 he
shlot.s a minute. no
it ----- - a'
g CURIOUS ILLUSION. w
,g A Trick That Seems to Defy the atural pr
SLaw or GravitatioLon.
A curious trick may he performed by
means of two conical l,odies and a
ct couple of walking sticks. T'a'ae two- u
t lamp shades and fasten the edges to- th
at .etlrer. Then make an inclined plane
Sby means of two walking sticks in the hr
manner shown in our illustraticsn. Let
the space between the two sticks be
,t wider at the higher than at the lower
n- end. Then place tdie double cone at the
to
ROLLING UP 3II.I.
m- bottom of the incline, and it will roll it
ug to the top. Although at first sight the V
in trick suggests a disturbance of the 7
er. natural law of gravitation, it is only t'
th an adaptation of that well-known prin- '1
in ciple. .\s the sticks widen the cone is t
g correspondingly depressed. and the 'I
t center of gravity is equally lowered. t
i- c
les FOR THE TOOTHACHE. n
alt r
he Read and Remneanber This When Your
to Gums Are hacked with Patn.
.t Toothache is a little thing in the
ye books, but many physicians would
ad rather meet a lmurglar at the door on a
es dark night than a call to cure it bad
s" toothache of several days' continuance.
en A hypodermic of morphine only post- s
en pones the evil day, and usually the t
ch patient is respectfully referred to the s
g. dentist. The tooth should not be ex- c
tracted while the jaw and gums are
inflamed and the latter swollen, and it 4
is the physician's duty to treat the
ry case until the above conditions are re
nd moved. Always keep a small vial con
en- taining the following mixture: Chlo
pe- roform. gtt. x.; glycerine. gtt. x.; sat.
no- sol. ac. curbol, gtt. x.: morphine, gr. j.,
tly with a small wad of absorbent cot- 1
de- ton. If the offending tooth has a cav- I
on. ity or decayed surface saturate a small
let- pellet of cotton with the above mix
the ture and put into the cavity or against'
tje the decayed surface, as the ease may
red be-never pack the cotton in, or the
on more is the trouble, but have the pel
has let small enough to enter without
ms crowding. In most cases this will end
et- the trouble.
ru- When the gums arc swollen and ten
der paint two or three times, two min
utes apart, with a four per cent. aolu
tion of cocaine. This time of year your
tie patient may have been eating a good
deal of rtuit. The tongue and mucous
ast membrane of the month are pale. he
nal has a sour stomach, and next day the
c- toothache wvill return. Give ten grains
of sub-carbonate of bismuth and ten
aid grains of phenacetin at once and a
smaller dose before each of the three
1 to following meals, with a laxative if
needed, and to stop all fruit for a few
days. and it will not return. The same
not powder every two hours with cessation
ima of fruit-eating will stop the persistent,
de tormenting neuralgias so prevalent at
this season.
us' nHe Was Too Discreet.
the- Rimple-Does your wife obey you, am
she promised to do at the altar? "
n Simple--Well, the fact is. I've never
dared to test her--Broeklyn Life. -
soy. ure Rad to Fam ,
Solicitor-But you have so arranged
He your will as to invite litigation.
Pl la aDying-Certainly. I don't pro
oW nforgo tten.-Town Topics.
The Realet of Felat inrvin .
he r :m h meter is sil , Tomr,"
" '.th e snatter--gastric fever "
him *- loping -opaumptiosn .
Fesomerly 5ipsaes t· 1"
_ When thterd is W at i i 'aoI a. of
bees for mles are bdXtlis Ytb
ablt qtr: V47 - Ip edtnW , 6inrs, says.
excehange. This would sedim to ari
from the necessity of the case. For,
many yesrs. the best aatltorities sup
posed inbreeding to be the rule among;
bees, from tihe' if' theat the hive was
tenanted by a single female, and thea
bees of different hives were known to
be hostile toward each othea Bul -
Tegetmeir. hap shown that this hosttii"
ty does not apply to the arcdie" whieh
are permitted to enter .any biv un
molested, and Darwin believed that
;"the union invaribiy waind necessarily
taking place on the wing, darlbgt the
queen's nuptial fSght'" was as"special
proyeision against continued inbreed
Ing."
Proof of :this: 1s found in the ross
bred bees. Darwin cites the following
cases;: Mr. Woodbury, who intro
duced Ligurian bees into Devonshire.
found during a single sddtson that those
stocks, at a distance from one to two
miles from- his hiv~, werq crossed by
his drones. In one case, the Ligurian
drones must have flown dyer the city of
Exeter, and over. several intermediate
hives. On another occtsoi. - several
cotmaon'oblack eandens-were crdssed by
Ligurian drones, at a distanceof from
one to three and a half anils." It is
not altogether improbable that the
nuptial flight of the queen is induced
by the collecting of drones, *rvtich call
her by their loud hlmmihig. This may
be the signal to her to startt ons the
journey which is to prepare her for her
life work; and the presence of i queen.
ready to take her nuptial flight, may
be scented by the bees. It does not
seem necessary, therefore, to bold that
inbreeding is. thi rule in situations
where the reverse is possible. Thd
free out crossing of different varieties,
the collecting of drones in great num
bers in out of way places, the absence
of hostility to foreign drones, and the
I liberal provision throughout nature to
prevent inbrpeding and secure cross
ing, all seem to converge to the idea
that inbreeding-is not resorted to only
when-ciroulnstances compel it. It is
t probably the exception rather than the
I rule, and the crossing is- nature's
method of keeping up the constitution
5 of the bee. This may be theory, but
I the reverse is also' theory. and this
e theory really seems to have the strong
t est support.
I SEBASTOPOL GEESE.
- They Bave a Most Beamtiful Plumage and
Rou,deit Bodies.
c The Sebastopol goose resembles the
1 Embden or German races in shape, al
r though the former is possessed of a lit
tle more elegance of form, and is per
t hapes more swanlike. It is found in
nearly all the colors which the Ger.
man geese show, white and ittay, or
white alone. The pure white are
,a probably considered the most hand
some, and are the only ones sent tc
` purchasers paying high figures, but
those with gray upon them would be
just as attractive. The distinguishing
features in the Sebastopol geese are
the long, ribbon-like plumes which
a grow above the wing bar. These grace.
ful feathers lend a very aristocratic
waves them when the birds are stand
11 ing, or when floating back upon the
lo water's surface as the birds swim.
those of the ordinary breed, and they
combine the uselul with the orna
mental in their beautiful plumage and
rounded bodies. - American- Agricul
as turist.
he MOVABLE POULTRY YARD.
Id Especially Designed for Those Who Reel
a Fowls to Villages.
ad A convenient portable yard for fowls
!e. is shown in the illustration from a
- sketch -by E. C. Williams, Kings coun
he ty, N. Y. This yard is especially de
he signed for those who keep poultry in
x- cities, and are not able to let-them run
re in the garden. It is six feet long, thret
it feet wide, and two feet high. It is
oI'OtTABLC rotvLTRnY.nRUN.
t made of strips which are thirteen fee
- long. Five of these strips will be
all needed to make a frame of this size.
ix- First make the frames far the top and
ist sides Two. of the frames should be
ay made six by two feat, two: three by
be two feet, and one six by. three feet.
el- They should all be covered with coarse,
ut ly woven wire fencing. The illustra
nd tion shows the frame. pit togethed
withcut the wire. These frames ar4
n- to be fastened together Iby the mortised
in- joint shown at a, and pinned with
lu wooden pins or nails. A door may be
mr put in on one side to suit the one who
od is making tlhe yard. This yard is eaSi
nus ly moved about on the grass or ground.
he I-American Agricultrrist.
ins Treatment of Dwarr Pears.
ten At a horticultural meeting in Massa'
i a chsetts an address was• given on the
ree treatment of the dwarf pear, contain
if ing some suggestions which may be of
ew use to fruit growers. A special value
me of the dwarf was its early bearing,
ion making it useful in starting niew places.
t, Afterwards it may be ohashged to a
at new standard by removing the soil
around the base of'the stem a few
inches, and then prnctu"inga the bark
with a narrow gauge or pocketknife,
Sraising narrow stripspf. the bark and
pressing the soil inl between the lips oe
Sbark and the wboedin seven or eight
placs:eqs4l.ide. tta ound the stem,
then replsctng the soil lila covering
with alightmiule.: Rir rill pretrudi
from the inecisions, and .rven-balanced
stanadard tree.be-ultimately secured.
IlxLn. at hees facetories should be
pooled on the basis of the butter fat
contained in it, the same as in cream
rW eries. MCany careful experiments have
* . proved that thig does aubsttUtl4
jet~ic.,