THE _GAZETTES
'iOWlt Aiig 4tjTMilrtc,
The Police juty ideeti Monday.
Mrs. Carrie iiraid ettuiithd to
her home in New Iberia Monday:
All should go toarencro to-mdr
kow. Don't miss It.
Miss Regina Romero is on a visit
to tetiUits in New Iberia.
That hlstllag Royvillian, J. R.
bomeuge~iak,*as at the fair Sunday.
Peston L. Guilbeau, of the St.
Martinville bar, was in Lafayette
this week.
Judge C. H. Mouton, of St. Mar
tinville, was in Lafayette two days
this week.
Traveling Auditor Jno. Bagnal
and his daughter, Miss Maria, left
Tuesday on a visit to$Sunset.
Julian Mouton came from Baton
Rouge last Friday and spent two
days at home.
There will be fun for everybody
at Carencro to-morrow.
Mrs. Albert Labe and Miss Rosa
Fortune, who are the guests of Mrs.
Labe,spentWednesday in Jeanerette
Mrs. Emma Schayot returned
Thursday from a visit to New Or
leans.
Dame Rumor says that one of
the railroad boys will soon fall in
possession of a handsome fortune.
Prof. Greig gave'a party to his
pupils at his home last Saturday
evening.
If you don't go to Carencro to
morrow you'll miss half of your
life.
Mr. Jos Plonsky, left Monday for
Lecompte where he will spend some
time as the guest of his daughter,
Mrs. Weinburg.
Misses Philomene Voorhies and
Modeste Robichaux left Wednesday
to visit relatives in St. Martinville.
James T. Mary left Friday for
New Orleans after a stay of two or
three months in this town. Jim
has made many friends here who
sincerely regretted to see him leave.
Misses TerzileBroussard and Lena
Klebb, two charming young ladies
from Paterson, have been in Lafay
ette on a visit to their numerous
friends.
Co to Carencro to-morrow (Sun
dlay.) Ten to one,you will meet some
of yourjold friends that you..have not
seen for years.
The dwelling house, being built
near Mrs. JulpesRevillon's for Miss
Lorena Marsh is nearly finished.
Mr. Sarrazin Broussard is doing the
work.
It is rumored that the matrimonial
fever is raging in railroad cir
cles, and it is reported that several
of the boys will soon become vic
tims to cupid's dart.
Mr. Gamard, the popular "knight
of the grip" of New Orleans, was in
Lafayette this week, serving his
many customers.
A. V. Fournet, clerk of court of
St. Martinville, passed through town
Tuesday on his way to Lake Charles
to visit his brother, Judge G. A.
Fou met.
Conductor E. P. Mayfield, of
the Cypremort branch, was in town
during the week, and left Wednes
day for New Orleans accompanied
by his hlittle son, Ferris.
Mr. A. M. Martin is having an
addition made to his store building
on Lincoln avenue and will move
his family into it in the near future.
He has-rented his present residence
to Mr. Geoffroy, the well known
New Orleans drummer.
Read in another column the ad
vertisementof Mr. I. H. Knight,
who offers to sell one of the pretti
est farms in this parish. It is sit
uated on the bayou near Pin Hook.
It is a splendid location for a truck
farm. A good dwelling house is on
the place and a large number of fig
and other fruit trees.
We call attention to the new ad
vertisement of W. L. Douglas $3.00oo
shoe which appears in our issue to
day. We have every assurance
from the manufacturer *that the
recent improvements in style and
quality will give more satisfaction
than ever to the wearers of these
popular shoes. Sold by Leo Doucet.
S. Teackle Wallis, who was for a
long time at the head of the Balti
more bar and a warm sympathizer
with the Southern people during the
late war and who recently died, was
a -cousin of our fellow townsman,
Ms. Creighton Wallis. His name
is mentioned with those oft the great
lawyers, Wirt, Martin, Ta ne and
others, eminent for therlt talent,
contributed by Maryland to the
profession of p1 t
STlE CONVENT'S FAIR.
Two Whole Days o Pure Pleas.
trw-a Suesese Plaeasially
and Sclally.
The jiiopie of Lafayette have
seldom had an opportunity to wit=
ness mgore inteiestiiig entertainnietits
than those given by the pipils of
Mount Carmel Convent, under the
able supervisiosi of the kind sisters
of that famous institution of learn=
ing. The sisters never undertake
anything without carrying it to a
successful conclusion and h~dii the
people of the town and parish heard
that preparations were being made
to give entertainments and a fair dn
June z$ and s6, they knew that it
meant two whole days of pleasure.
There is not in the State a place
better suited for a fair than the
beautiful convent grounds, and this
fact is so well known and appreciated
by all that it is only necessary. to
mention that a fair will be held 4
there to draw crowds of people
from all parts of the parish, Last 4
Sunday was no exception to the I
rule; the grounds were beautifully I
decorated, and at every point were I
evidences of the tasty handiwork of
the convent girls. Under the um
brageous trees stood dozens of
tables laden with all the good things
imaginable, the choicest meats,
cakes, fruits, coffee, lemonade, and I
every thing that is kept at a
fair, including the traditional tom
bola with post-office attachment
without which no well-managed
fair can get along. All these were
in charge of the ladies who had
generously volunteered their assis
tance toward the success of this I
enterprise, having for its object the
raising of a fund to be used to paint
the Catholic church and to build
pews.
The inclement weather prevented I
many country people from coming, I
but, nevertheless, the grounds were
visited by a large number people, a
many of whom took dinner there- i
and an excellent dinner it was.
At night the spacious hall was
filled with people who had come to i
see a good entertainment and at the
same time help a worthy cause.
The following program was renderd
a way that would do credit to
any troupe of amateurs:
SUNIDAo NIC.sr.
Sweet Bells of Kenmare.. By the Senior Pupils
Piano, Cheval de Bronze............A. Comneaux
Le Lutin du Pensionnat ................B. Naquin
TIE GRACE OF GOD.
DRAMA IN TYHREE ATrs.
Personages
Pierrette, Marie's Friend.................E. Falk
Madeline Lanstolot ..............II. Thibodaux
Marie, her daughter ..............Bertha Naquin
Catherine, her sister ................A. Lalanne
Madame St. Suzanna ............M. Revillon
Madame de Cibray. :............. L. Corr.ay
Countess de Feliness...... ............C. Martin
Fouchow, Marie's enemy ..........G. Plonsky
Chouchou, a young Savoyard .... L. Gerac
Charlotte...........................................M. Bailey
Nina ..................................A. Mouton
Louise...................... .....C. Rigues
Several little Savoyards.
Domestic Squabbles, Duet...... E. Falk and
L. McDaniel
Scarf Drill.
RED RIDING HOOD
Rbd Riding Hood.. ................ M. Broussard
Mamma................................ L. Revillon 1
Hugh, Woodman......................L. Bailey
W olf ...........................................M. Dubernard
Robin................................... . G. Guchereau (
Buttercup, one of the youngest........M. Bailey
Playmates.....C.....C. McKeon and B. Judice
Rose................L. Me. Daniel and N. Martin
Semi Chorus of Blue Bells.......... Little Girls
Grandma.......................................A. Comeaux
Monday was also a gala day at
fair grounds and as the weather was
more propitious than on Sunday,
more people were present, and long
before the hour fixed for the be
ginning of the performance had ar
rived the hall was packed and only
standing room was left. The pro
gram, which follows, was equally as
interesting as that of the night be
fore.
MONDAY NtoHtr.
Waiter Drill c
Piano, Salut a Pesthe.............By A. Lalanne
THE CHINESE MOTHER.
DRAMA, IN THREE ACTS
Personages.
The Rev. Mother of the Sisters of Charity
at Hiong Kong.....................M. Abbott I
Sister Margaret......................D. Broussard
Apion, £ Chinese lady................L. Matthews
Shney Ring Sin, the confidential friend of a
a Mandarin....................... ......J. Revillon
Sean-mel, a Chinese widow....C. Thibodeaux
Assom, a Chinese boatman's wlfe....E.Breaux I
Mary, Chinese Children....................E. Etter
Agnes.......... ...................... ........L. Revillon
Rose....... .........................C. Prime-u f
Jennie McGrath, a widow arrived in China
H. Thibodeaux
Broom Drill
LA SORCIERE DU VILLAGE OU LE
VOL ET LE MENSONGE DECOUVERTS.
F•ENCm DRAMA IN THREE ACTS. 5
Mme.La Duchesse de Gramdmont..A.Comeau r
Julie sa ile sine........................L. Revillon
Augustine sa file cadette..............L. Bailey
Maria Dorgeville......................L. Melancon
Elise Dorgeville...............................B. Judice
Lucienne Dulue ainee........ .....C. Girouard a
Sophie, Duluc cadette.................... Gereac
Justine, femme de chambre..........J. Revillon $
Mere Robert paysanse anclenne fermalere do
Mme de Grandmont........... M. Revllon
Marton sa fille........................M. Dubernard
After the performance the people a
remained on the grounds several d
hours and spent their money with
out restraint. The supper tables a
wefre spread under the trees from t
the branches of which hung a large t
number of colored lanterns, making
a most picturesque scene.
.As the people of the town athdcotin I
itty had responlded so geherously to.
the calls for contributions the ex
penses amounted only to 533. so
thus enabling the sisters to net the
handsome sum of $4os.go out of
the gross seceipts of $435. o.
Among those who contributed
largely, The Gazette is requested to
ttiention the people of Broussard
ville, who were very liberal in their
dthations;
Ml~thet St. Patfick requests The
Gazette to extend her sincere thanks
to the iliembers of the coatt Brass
Band, *ho kindly furnished the
tinusic on Sunday, and to the iidies,
who, by their untiring efforts and
commendable zeal, contributed so
tluch to the success of the fair.
State Teachers' Inastitute.
The committees appointed to
itlake arrangeitents fot the meeting
of the State Teachers' Institute at
Falk's Opera House, . beginning
Monday morning, June a5, will give
onWednesday andThursday evenings
entertainments complimentary, to
the professors and teachers in atten
dance. They have prepared in
teresting programs of vocal and ins
trumental music. A general invita
tion is extended to the public who
will be afforded a rare opportunity
to hear some instructive addresses
on subjects of education by dis
tinguished educators.
The friends and patrons of the
public school are urgently requested
to be present Thursday evening, to
take steps toward the extension of
the present school building. A
sufficient sum has been added to the
$7o realized at the public school ex
hibition and an adjoining lot has
been purchased and a movement is
now on foot to secure the erection
of the much needed extension for
the next term.
For Fire Protection.
A committee of gentlemen have
sent out circulars calling upon the
tax-payers of the town for subscrip
tions to a fire protection fund which
these gentlemen are trying to raise.
This is one way to raise. money
and The Gazette trusts that the
committee will meet with the suc
cess that the cause for which they are
working deserves. Let the good
work go on.
A Wealthy Man Charged with
Stealing.
Sheriff Broussard went to St.
Martinville this week and returned
with Paul Melancon, who is charged
with having stolen a bull from Mr
Sidney Martin, of this parish.
lAlancon was accompanied by his
attorneys Judges J. E. and C. H.
Mouton, who applied for bail which
was readily furnished and the ac
cused released to appear at the next
term of court. It is reported that
Melancon is a man of some means,
owning considerable property and
cash, and Ihis arrest created quite a
sensation in St. Martin parish, where
he is well known.
Married.
The marriage of Miss Anna Gui
dry, a charming and popular young
lady and Mr. Arthur Broussard, a
prominent planter of this parish,
was solemnized last Wednesday
evening at the residence of the
bride's mother, Mrs. Antoine Gui
dry, near Isle des Cannes in this
parish. Rev. Father Paquet, of this
town, officiated. It was a very quiet
ceremony, only the family and a few
intimate friends being present.
Several toasts were proposed to the
health, happiness and prosperity of
the happy couple. Mines. Ernest
Constantin, J. T. Allingham, I. A.
Broussard, Judge Debaillon and
Sheriff Broussard, of Lafayette, Mr.
and Mrs. Cleophas Broussard, Mr.
and Mrs. Albert Thahan, Mr. Cleo
bule Doucet, Mr. T. J. Broussard,
of Vermillion, Mr. Singleton, of St.
Martin, were among the guests.
Shooting Afiray.
A deplorable shooting affray took
place in St. Martinville Saturday
night between Chas. H. Voorhies
and Michel Fournet, the former re
ceving two bullets in the hip and one
in the foot, but the latter was not
touched. It is said that three or
four shots were fired by each party.
The cause of the trouble was of a tri
vial nature. Mr. Voorhies' wounds
are serious and painful but they are
not considered dangerous. At last
reports he was doing well.
Interesting Races.
There were very interesting races
at Cleophas Brocssard's track last
Sunday, the principal one being be
tweet Mr. P. L. DeClouet's mare,
Mr. Narcisse Dugas' horse Prescott,
and Scott belonging to Mr. Thibo
deaux of Breaux Bridge.
The distance was twenty-one
arpents and as the judges decided
that thbre was and irregularity in
the first race it was run over in the
afternoont, but Mr. DeClouet's
horse was the fastest attnd came out
virl.t rinous both tintm,"
THE LADIES TO THIE RESCUE
rh.e Ladles of Lai~aette Inaei
Made up Their Minds and that
Settles it--MdEting at Court
asise Just 2L7.
The ladies of this toWn are
decided upon oil thitng aid that is
that Lafayette shali halve fire pr
tection. thejr say that the men will
not move and there is only one
thing left fos theiti to do-go to *otkl
themselves and do without the
sterner sex if necessify, and having
this end in view they have requested
The Gazette to announce tha theyr
will hold a meeting at the court
house at S o'clock next Wednesday
evening for the purpose of organiz
ing. All those in sympathy with
the movement, gentlemen as well as
ladies, are invited to be present.
We had occasion to hear some of the
ladies speak upon this subject and
we were very much impressed with
their earnestness in the matter.
They have already met with a great
deal of encouragement and from the
present outlook it would seeem that
the good ladies will be the first to
inaugurate a movement that will
result in the procuration of fire-pro
tection for our town. Let every
body attend the meeting Wednesday.
A Correction.
In our last issue we stated that
"from the reports of Drs. Trahan
and Gladu, who were appointed as
experts in the case of Primeau, it I
appears that the crime charged was
not committed." The physicians
had simply reported that after care
ful and deligent examination for
marks or traces of injury establish
ing proof of the perpetration of the
crime they had "failed to discover
any signs of violence, tending to
prove the accomplishment of such
an act."
Miss Amelie Debaillon, who has
been in New Orleans for several
months on a visit to her sister, Mrs.
Jules Rousseau returned to Lafayette
Thursday.
Jos. Burt Acquitted.
Jos. Burt, who is well known in
railroad quarters here, and who it
will be remembered killed an en
gineer, named Sullivan, in Hous
ton about a year ago, was acquitted
by a jury last Wednesday.
DIED.
Joseph Vallier, a highly respected
citizen of this place and one of the
best known engineers on this divis
ion of the Southern Pacafic, died at
11:4o o'clock Tuesday morning s
after a painful illness of several t
months. Mr. Vallier, was born in
Montreal, Canada, in the year 1841
and came to this State in x86o.
Immediatly after his arrival here he e
entered in the employ of the Mor- e
gan, Louisiana and Texas Railroad '
as switchman, and subsequently
served the company in the capacity
of fireman being finally promoted
to the position of engineer, which
he held to the time of his death.
He was one of the first engineers on
the old Morgan line, and was ever
found to be a faithful employe, pos
sessing in an eminent degree, the (
confidence of his employers and
the respect and ?esteem of his co
workers. He possessed a genial ý
nature and a kind heart. He was
one of the most popular men on the
road, numbering among his friends
hundreds of residents along the '
road from here to Algiers, by whom
he will be sorely missed.
He leaves a wife and four daugh- a
ters to mourn his loss.
Chas. DeBaillon came home
Thursday to spend vacation with his
tamily. Charley is attending school
at the Jesuit's in New Orleans.
Two Lives Saved.
Mrs. Phoebe Thomas, of Junction City, Ill. a
was told by her doctors she had Consumption
and that there was no hope fmor her, but two
bottles Dr. King'rNew Discovery completely
cured her aind she says it saved her life. Mr.
Thns. Eggers, s39 Florida St. San Francisco, t
suffered from a dreadful cold, approaching
Consumption, tried without result everything
else then bought one bottle of Dr. King's
New Discovery and in two weeks was cured.
He is naturally thankful. It is such results,
of which these are samples, that prove the
wonderful efficacy of this medicine in Coughs
and Colds. Free trial bottles at Wm. Clegg's
Drug Store. Regnlar size Soc. and si.oo.
Destruction of Fish.
By request we publish the follow
ing law relative to the destruction
of fish, by means of seining, trap
ping, etc. It reads :
That it shall be unlawful for any person '
or persons to put any poison or poisonous
substance, dynamite or explosive substance,
of any kind, any trap, gill-net, trammell-net,
rop-net, or any kind of net whatsoever,
tedge or any other obstruction in any river,
bayou, creek, lake, pond or any stream
water course or other body of water within
the limits of the State of Lonisiana, with f
the intent, by the aforesaid means, to kill f
capture, retard or prevent the free passage I
of fish during any season of the year, pro
vided, this act shall not be so construed as
to interfere with trigger-traps, or other tralps
placed near the edge of the water only, and
wMhichdonot retard or prevent the free pass
ae of fish; nor to prevent the construction
of temporary works or breaks, during the a
nmonths of l'ebrunrv or d March, far the pur
poss Of C'awh'ig l# ;EsIsO ,tlad tarp tillI1.
A liaMit Fight.
To the Editor of The Gasettes
I was happy to rcad. in the Pic
ayune of the s4th instant that our
representative had made a gallant
fight for his railroad commaission
bill, coming nearer than any one
beforte, to the passage of a law for
the ptotection of the people against
the railtoads. The people may
,Well be proud of their young repre
sentative, who received the follow
ihg Compliment frotd the Baton
Rouge correspondent of the Pic
ayunei
'"Mr. Moutot, of Lafayette, made ad able
fight in behalf of his rallrddd commission
bill, but to no avail. This bright young
lawyer, who has just made has debut in the
General Assembly, has forced i recognition
of his ability."
Let the peopt rejoice over the
fact that they have sent a man to
the Legislature, who is not afraid to
do his duty, though he may incur
the emnity of the powerful railroad
corporations and all their mighty P
magnates. Mr. Mouton's bill was
indefinitely postponed by a vote of
4e to 39 and all acquainated with the I
cofidition of things at Baton Rouge,
will consider this defeat somewhat
of a victory.
I, for one, thitnk Mr. Mouton;
for his noble stand for the interests
of his constituents.
CITIZEN.
A Correction.
Mr Editor: As I made a few errors
and omissions in the list of pupils
published in your last issue as ready
for entrance into the High School,
permit me. to revise and correct as
follows: Edna Sprole, Belle Mc
Bride, Lou McBride, Inez McBride,
Lena Sache, Ruth Huff, Aliena
Fleshman, Geo. Domengeaux, Jno.
Creighton, Blanks Allingham, Chas.
Montgomery, Eben Morgan, Alcee
Bourke, Voorhies Foreman, Edwin
Mouton, Raoul Montagne, Arthur
Sanders, Hugh Wallis, Jas Thomp
son, Jno. Guidroz, Willis Eaves,
Ovey Herpin, Ned Torian, Wm.
Neveu, Frank Broussard, Robt. Mc
Fadden, Armand Defez, Ned Voor
hies. While the above pupils, have
exhibited various degrees of profi
ciency in study they are as a aule,
well grounded, in all the branches
of their grade, and deserve credit c
for application, and general deport
ment.
R. C. GREIO, Principal
A Card.
We desire most sincerely to thank our t
many friefids for the kind assistance rendered -
on the occasion of our closing exercises on
June 14, and feel confident that the cause,
so cheerfully and ably supported, will con
tinue to merit the approved of our good
people. The tremendous gathering to wit
ness our exercises, we take as an index of
the deep concern, entertained for the cause
of Public Education. Our most earnest
efforts will be directed toward the encreased
efficiency of our school, and the maintain
ance of a moral standard, second to none.
R. C. GREIO,
Miss M. JAMSIESON.
Teachers' Institute.
LAFAYETTE, LA. June 16, 1894.
The Teachers' Institute met this day with
the following members present: R. C. Greig,
Philip Martin, Chas. Boudreaux, J. Flechet,
Chas. Hiechelhiem, W. G. Webb, Misses.
Kate Rand, Carmelite Mouton, Lelia Elliott,
F. S. Greig, M. Jamieson, and Mrs. E. W.
Glenn.
By motion of Mr. Martin, the following
committee was appointed to represent the
interest of the teachers before the School
Board, in the matter of attendance upon the
State Institute. Misses Kate Rand, Lelia
Elliott, Philip Martin and Chas. Boudreaux.
The Institute then adopted the following
amendment to the above resolution.
Resolved, That it is the sense of the (
teachers present that, inasmuch, as, all
teacners an attendance upon State Institute
are subject and acting in obedience to ins- (
truction from the school authorities they a e
entitled to renumeration for the time so
occupied.
By motion of Mr. Boudreaux the following
committee was oppointed to act in conjunc
tion with a like committee appointed by the
School Board, in providing entertainment
for the State Institute: Misses. C. Mouton
and F. S. Greig.
Mr. Philip Martin then entertained the
Institute with a complete exposition of the
Metric system of weights and measures,
together with a history of its origin and
adoption by France.
Institute then adjourned.
R. C. GREIG, President,
MRs. E. W. (JLENN, Secretary.
Knights of the MAdccabces.
The State Commander writes us from Lini
coln, Neb., as follows: "After trying other
medicines for what seenmd to be a very obs
tinate cough in our twochildren we tried Dr.
King's New Discovery and at the end of two
days the cough entirely left them. We will
not be without it hereafter, as our experience
proves that it cures where all other remedies
fail."---Signed F. W. Stevens, State Com.
Why not give this great medicine a trial, as
it is guaranteed and trial bottles are free at
Wm. (.legg's Drug Store, Regular size Soc.
and $s.oo.
FARM FOR SALE.
A delrable place near Pin Hook on Ver
million baiyo about a mile and a half from
the town of LAftyette. Suitable fir a truck
farm. Dwelling hdtce and large number of
fruit trees. Will sell echeap, Apply to )
I. H. Knight, New Iberild 6-33-6m,
Notic.
I will open a private schewri f bo boys n!l
girls, July 2, lprox. in Ilthe ttbic sch'l
houSe, and teach special branclcs ulnrin,
morning Ihours. Tuition. $2. pier month,
all who desi-re to attend will please report at
$he -cujol hrouse "n the al,ove date.
WHITE SEWING MACHINES
Are sold at prices and
On terms within the
Reach of all
Machines carried to youl hwUse
Ann rintruotiohs givef free.
r, M, BIOeSAYT, deweler, La=
fayette, La:, and he will take
Pleasure in writing Or ansiwera
Ing all quessions- Atta@hmente
Fnerit atad IArtes for all machinegi
T. M. BIOSSAT = a . . Jeweler
P, Box i3Lafayette, Lafayette, Louislana.
THERE IS A STORfE1
COR. COUtT-HOOUsj
SQUAUF,
Where hire brtigs, Pateiit Medicines, toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars; and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
THIS PLACE IS OWNED BY W r CLEGG
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN,
ES L.JCG IS-TS.
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a .d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, 'tobacco and Cigatfs
Meolller's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compoundeid, iay &, Night
s-16-9-1q ry
Miss Louise Revillon
"·. .-Solicits a visit to her.1
I'ILJNLCRY
-- ____ RLO_- -
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THi4
LATEST STYLES,
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTrON.
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and RieelLL
OFFICE AND YARD 11EA1 r Af It tOAIDl - eP0 'i
LAFAYETT1E. I.OUISIANA,
Cypress and Plhne I.umber, Hough and Dressed, Shingles, b]oods S1iah
Blinds, M[ouldings, EtC
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Moweft lagle plows, WalltkCq
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, ltAe
Wagons. Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND s8AsoXABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
tidC~t AO
lats, Pcathers, Silks, Embroideries Etc.,,
alsao Lsdils' and €hild ren's Shc s
G. LAOO TE,
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
Ma~u,,fcturer's ngeiit tit- alkinR and iitdidn culth,-tors, ;sq tMrtro* r ..L.a
Hfnrow, Stalk . utis.Cort9 Sad Colt~tf Pl~itnte, Sulky Plaws,
I'ntrnlnt lows, Stay ktakes, Rosd Cart..
..