most
~or p atl men
ca badopted Is
hbotut submitting
or consulting a
, ia _ Ala., Prt
te six i In have cc
awful pn at the _bt my do
ptd.. A few mon de
me abie de
I at tgive it. l the pratiae54 L ,
°r. W PollrdPleasant 1 e ,
S"MoUElreo'a Wlne of Crd my l
Aa ter tour doctors had talled."
-TanaWur-"It muste be bedtime." ans- w
a bnad-'Hardly; the baby l*bu't waked up
et."-tife.. p
P Po's Cure for ConsumptiOtProlieves the co
ganos obstinate cougs-Rlev. D. Buca- is
mcr~atS, Lexington, Mo.. Feb. 24, ' p!
WVanr makes life dreary is want of mo- m
'tive.-George Eliot. c
it
Peculiar
In combination, proportion and process,
:ood's larsaparilla possesses peculiar t
curative powers unknown to any pther .
preparation. This i* why it has a record p
of cares unequalled in tie history of i
medicine. It acts directly upon the blood I
and by making it pure, rich and healthy it
iares disease and gives good health. i
Hood's 8areaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier prominently
Sn the public eye to-day. 1; six for 85. j
Hood's Pills "uo habitr Toenal .
li Price  reuts.
The Greatest Medical Discovery t
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
" DALS KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS., I
Has discovered in one of our common I
. pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
casesand never failed except in two cases
(boththunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of n
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the t
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted i
when the right quantity is taken. a
When the lungs are affected it causes t
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
irng stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label. e
if the stomach is foul or bilious it will a
cause squeamish feelings at first. a
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat a
the best you can get, and enough of it. r
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- c
time. Sold by all Druggists. c
'DRESSMAKERS
. CFIND THE ONLY
* ORICINAL
{ DESIGNS
PUBLISHED s
In This Country
-IN
L' Art do La lode,
And all the most re
liable information on
the question of dress.
Order of your News
dealer or send 85 Cents
Sis-a .. j, a for the last Number.
TI4E MORSE-BROUrHTON S0.,
- et. 6th tve. and hr.dw"ay, NEW YORK.
[ LUXURY OF
SECURITY IS
FOUND IN THE
DE LONG PAT
ENT HOOK
E YE. Y.L
SEE THAT
HUMP?
BROS.V POS in
w crkes for general
blacking of a stove.
THE SUN PASTS
POLISH for a quick
after -dinner shine,
arslW rea.. Prop.. Canton, Mass.. U.s.A.
;T$PE RIAI
A THE BEST
.*NURSING MOTHERS,INFANTS,.
CHILDREN
a . caum. C AR us. New Tart.*
FARMERAkNDPLANTER.
OOTTON CULTURR. a'
mp ove tlettame md tm Metatites tn he
P ehltetms at the Staple.
One of the greatest dtrabaecklt to t- X.
proved farming ta eonileotiob with
cotton culttre is the fact that eottDh
doCs not apparently stcceed Wi wi~th t
deep plowlng. It has been found that m
cotton is apt to be later on a deeply
-worked seo. rot fruiting well till thI b
roota strike hard bottom. Ftrom close
observation I am satisfled that this is
more apparent than real, and that m'
while1 the inmmediate preparation of m
the land for the cotton crop it is to M
plow less deeply than for the other a
crops in the rotation, the fact that the t
land has been deeply broken in
previous plowings is no detri
ment, but an advantage to the
cotton crop in increasing the capillar
ity of the soil, and warding off the
effects of drought, the well-settled soil vs
having the same effects on the fruit
ing of the crop that an unbroken soil le
would have and without the disadvan hi
tages attending the real hard pan.
There is no point where greater im- tr
provement is needed in the south than
in the breaking and preparation of the hi
land for crops. With the incoming of ti
the era of farming instead of plant
ing, the one-mule plow should disap- a
pear from the farm except for the pur
pose of marking rows perhaps. As a of
tool for breaking land or for cultivat- ly
lIg crops it should be relegated to tl
the museums of departed tools, along- Is
side the pointed tree limb of ancient
times. It may answer for the stirring o,
of sand that has nothing but sand in ai
it. But in all the upland red clay of cc
the south no tool less effective than a
turning plow drawn by two good Ic
horses should be used for the breaking Ii
of land, and for all crops except cotton ai
a large plow drawn by three mules or fi
horses should be used. For years in k
Virginia I never broke a fleld with a
lighlter team than three mules to tl
a plow, and followed in the same fur- it
row with a subsoil plow drawn by two hi
horses, so as to break the clay fully
a foot, and generally more. All t.
over the red clay lands of the south
men are to-day plowing a little furrow
with a single mule, drawing a plow
that has more resemblance to a child's
play tool than to a real plow for work, Ic
and are working a soil exhausted of
the elements of fertility, while just a
below the point of the tooth-pickc plow a
there lies a virgin soil waiting for the
man with courage and intelligence o
enough to break it and let in the roots
of the peas and clover to unlock the
storehouse of big crops. This is no u
mere theory, for we have done it
right here. The old red clay hill a
on which the North Carolina
college of agriculture was built
was five years ago the most
notoriously poor spot around Raleigh. e
By deep breaking and the use of a lit
tle clover it was brought up to make a
over fifty bushels of corn per acre.
with hardly any manuring. I
While in the deep sandy soils of tile t
coast deep plowing may not be needed,
there is no practice that will more t
rapidly tend towards the improvement
of our clay hills than deep plowing, a
subsoil plowing and shallow cultiva- t
tion. Our farmers have long ago t
learned the value of shallow culture
for the cotton crop, but most of them
still imagine that the corn crop
must be deeply worked, and have
its feeding roots lacerated with a plow.
When I was young and thoughtless
I too worked corn with a plow and
was of the opinion that I must bank
up soil to the rows to keep it from 1
falling down in the winds, not reflect
ing that corn with uninjured roots,
and allowed to plant its brace roots
on a level surface would stand up bet
ter than that which had had its roots
lacerated and destroyed by the plow,
and could get no firm hold for its
brace roots on a sloping bank of earth.
Then too where the oats crop is not
used in the rotation, and it is desired
to follow the corn crop with cotton, 1
this shallow culture is an advantage
in gettis* the soil below firmed for 1
the cotton crop. We do not consider a
it the best policy to have two hoed 1
crops follow each other, when it
can--h avoided, but where peas are 1
sown in the corn, the cotton crop may
well follow it, provided the cotton has
a liberal supply of the potash and
phosphoric acid it needs. Some high
scientific authorities, who never
plowed an acre, have of late been try
ing to show to the farmers that the
best way to grow cotton is to apply
only just so much of a complete fer
Oilizer as the immediate crop can use,
and they call the restoring of the plant
food in the soil, for the future benefit
of the soil. "dealing in futures." Now,
as far as practical farming is con
cerned, there is no business where it is
more profitable and essential to deal
in futures, and the farmer who does
not deal in the future of his soil is
malting a sad mistalke. It is this very
lack of regard for the future of the
land that has brought thie cotton coun
try to the impoverished condition that
aklicts it to-day, and until we come to
take the future condition of our soils
into consideration with every sale crop
Sowe grow, there can be no recal advance
ment in agriculture in the south. Of
all thle measures therefore than tend
to thle development of the real fertili
ty of our clay soils there are none of
more importance than deep plowing,
subsoiling and shallow culture .of the
hoed crops. There is nothing that so
wa-rdR off the badeffects of a drought
as a deeply-broken soil with a shallow
mulch of soil kept constantly mellow
on the snrface.-W. F. Massey, Super
intendent of the North Carolina Ex
periment Station.
THE FARM MORTGAGE.
A Westerna View or It 'I hat Will Apply to
Southern Farmning.
"Some people are getting alarmed at
the amount and extent to which the
country is encumbered with nmort
gages. Thie country is plastered over
with mortgages they say. Mortgage
your property nowadays and you had
as well give up in the Srst place.
By means of the mortgage the natural
resources of the country are falling
into the hands of a few capitalists.
If this keeps on where will it end?
and sinrilrr remarks are heard quite
Ifrequently.
What is the nature of a mortgage,
anyhow, that it is such grounds for
alarm? A mortgage is practically aim
ply a bet. When a person ventures a
Wrager and loses, be is not considered
unfortaunate, but fOolishly ventnrsome.
When anman gives a mortgage and loses,
Sthe venture of the undertaking seems
more obscure. Let me explain: 1 p~o
pio to baiuy eighty sores for ;8.OCO. I
99Q garoot 541ir to war 9m h$% *s we=
I t'e bbev this-ot P~OOS eo.' a
sortg iise~m.rty. 'I do s, land givte
maoett t in favak at. !_ soeu iepitarist i
mos*e st e ss gi'eh. this fmortgag
doimcument stA*lb, though not in thesl
43orsis, that I get 82,000 froh tipitallast
ahitch I agree to py l biii.k together
with interest' at the end of a speciaied
tlmf tlhd in order to induce capitalal tt
to make me the loan; I venture to bet WI
my entire fatrm that I will meet the an
obligatioh. Capitalist considers this a He
good investment; he gets interest and a9
has some chance of winning a bet of a
$1,000. The bargain is made, the doeo
ment specifying the terms of the bet is
called a mortgage, and under that ti,
name is recognized as lawful. Now
comes the contest as to who shall win wl
the bet. If I spcceed in raising the its
$2,000, plus the interest, then I win; if be
not, then capitalist wins."-Colorado ha
Farmer. w
re
About Bees. at
Iook out for robbers when the har- tic
vest becomes scarce. th
When the harvest is plenty you can th
let honeystandaround unprotected for di
half a day.
But woe be to you if you try that kt
trick after the honey flow has ceased. cc
And when robbing commences your A
bees that had seemed so quiet and gen- of
tle become like little demons.
1'11 tell you a trick worth knowing re
about robbers.
If they commence on a comb of honey n
or on a weak colony, and have got fair
ly to work, don't take away what
they're working at and leave nothing
in its place.
If you do, they'll go to hunting all Ia
over to find what has become of it, n(
and like as not pitch on the nearest of
colony and clear it out. w
But leave in its place something that
looks like it, with at least a little at
honey in it, and when they get that yi
all cleaned out they'll leave it satis
fied, thinking they've got all there is
to be had.
If robbers are started on a colony at
that you think might take care of hI
itself with a little help, pile straw or fc
hay around it. pi
Pile it a loot high about the en- al
trance. I
Then pour water on it. i
Drench it good b
Keep pouring on some mote.
The robbers won't stand that very h
long.
But if the colony is queenless and cI
weakl, the robbers will begin work
again as soon an it dries off. o
Better not keep any queeuless col- Y
onies anyhow.
They're not worth fussing with.
Break them up at once and distrib
ute the brood and bees to others.
A weak colony with a good queen o
will be glad of them. !
If you work for extracted honey.
don't extract too close.
Nowadays it isn't considered beat to
extract out of the brood nest.
It pays to leave all in the brood nest,
and perhaps a little beside.
Unless the combs are crammed very
full the bees may starve before that '
time. c
Tl'hey'll not waste-it if they have more n
than they need. -
' The only possible danger is that there
may be so much honey in the brood F
- nest that there isn't room for the queen
to lay.
e There is some pressure just now to
get the government to have apis dor- a
P sata, the giant Indian bee, imported. 1
e But those who ought to know say it
Swill be all in vain.
s it's a breed of bees that can not be
d kept in hives.
k B]etter woric for improvement on the
n bees we have.
They've been bred for color till they
are all yellow.
s Now if breeders breed as much for
quality as they have for looks. great
s advance may be made.-N-ational Stock
man.
Hens as Weed Destroyers.
t If a hen and chicks are placed in a I
d yard or confined on a small plot, every
, blade of grass, as well as every weed,
e will be destroyed, and in a few days
'r the plot will be as clean as if burned
r over. When hens are confined in yards 1
d the yards are clean and bare of vegeta- 4
t tion. When the hens are on a range
'e they also destroy thousands of young
y weeds, which is not so noticeable, but
s which is nevertheless the case.
HERE AND THERE.
r -Prof. Cook, of the Michigan experi
moent station, reports that he knows
1E nothing so good to rid poultry of lice
y as kerosene and lard; or better, kero
r- sene and sulphur.
at --y a little concert of action the
it farmer can soon be master of the situa
tion. Why should you go on, year in
and year out, raising crops that do not
is yield a fair return? There is but one
l way to make yourself independent, and
Sthat is the plan above proposed. Diver
is sify your crops.
-A good pure-bred boar will soon
c breed up the herd, and most farmers
. have their hogs well graded up. The
it next step is to get one or two pure
:o bred Pows, and with a still better
Is boar raise the best pigs for market,
p that will command the top price, and
e- soon have all pure-bred stock on the
)f farmn.-Western Live Stoclk Journal.
Id -Let every tiller of the soil begin
i- now to practice diversified farming in
,f the full sense of tile term. If you
q, cultivate but ten acres see that you
me raise everything you want for your
to own use as near as you possibly can.
it Then, when your crop is harvested, if
i prices do not suit you, you will not be
w forced tosell.-Southern Agriculturist.
r- -It lhas often been.assertedt that no
x- other crop will kill Johnson grass, but
if anybody wishes to have proof to the
contrary, let him come to San Antonio
and he will be shown an alfalfa field
to in which Johnson grass once reigned
suprelne, and surrounded by Johnson
at grass, and hardly aspear of that grass
e can now be found among the alfalfa.
. Texas Agriculturist.
er -If farmers would consume more
Je poultry and less pork. they would be
cd healthier and live longer. There is no
6. meat which compares with well-bred
al Ireshl poultry. Many make the mistake
ag of sending all their luxuries to the
a. market. The same food that will pro
d? duce a 200-pound hog will produce 400
te pounds of the best poultry meat, and
with one-half the labor.
e, -The practice of dehorning is grow
or ing in favor, and it is not now an un
n- common thing to see a stable full of
a deborned dairy cattle, while ranchmen
ed no longer ee any necessity of retain
ie. ing the horns. lTany cattle feeders
'a, tell us that they would iathcr pay any
as where from p1 to 31 more per head for
o- deborned eattle than for the same
UI qualtKg$3 0ed eattJei SqRTef 2 {4tgok
A IPARALTIU UREDa.
iii, Yed t kh Tiatr i eaeiatised ih ti
Is Cuie--Thoe ktiihbd sti
fy'tds . kerada, Bostio. Xees. Indi
Like'sa thunderbolt from a clear sky, a son
stroke of paralysis came to Mr. Frank T. gr
Ware, te well-known Boston auctioneer ofte
and appraiser, at 285 Washington street. I
He went to bed one night about six years
ago, seemingly in robust health. When he pl
awoke his left side was stiffened by the Ib
deadening of the nerves.
The interviewer sought out Mr. Ware to ma
get the facts. He gave the interesting par- pr
ticulars In his own way: cos
"The first shock came very suddenly n
while I was asleep, but itwas not lasting in anc
its eltects, and in a few weeks 1 was able to ice
be about. A few mouths after, when ex- io
hausted by work-end drenched with rain, I
went home in a very nervous state. The
result was a second and more severe shock, Ver
after which my left arm and leg were prao- see
ticnlly helpless. an
"Mly grandfather, who was a soldier in ut
the Revolutionary War, and lost an arm in
the stru1rgle for American independence, r
died tfnally of paralysis. My father also Ap
died of paralysis, although it was compli- hu
cated with otiher troubles, and so I had some
knowledge of the fatal character of the dim
ease which is hereditary in our family. the
After the second shock I took warning, or, thi
in all probability, a third would carry me
off.
"Almost everything under the sun was
recommended to me, and I tried all the ho
remedies that seemed likely to do any good,
electricity, massage and specialists, but to in
no effect.
-Tlho only thing I found that helped me
was Dr. Williams' Pinck Pills, and I verily pe
believe that if it hadn't been for those pills e
I would have ben dead years ago. ofo.
"Yes, I still have a slight reminder of the
i last attack six years ago. My left arm is an
not as sironi as the other and my leat foot m
dr plttle, a the paralysis bad the efflct ha
of eadn~g the nerves. But I can still
walk a good distance, talk as easily as ever,
and my general health i splendid. I am fai
really over seventy years old, although I
an generally taken to be twenty years an
y eet younger that.
"ePinPills keep my blood in good eil
condition, and I belihove that is why I am so th
well, although cheerfulness may help. e
"I have thought of it a great many times
Sand I honestly believe that the Pink ills s
f have saved ay life." Ti
Mr. Warehas every appearance of a per- th
fectly healthy man, and arrives at hisofce is
promptly at eih o'clock every tmorning,
although le has reached an age when many a
men retire from active life. His eperiene p1
is well known to a great many people in fr
Boston, where his constant eheerfulness
has won him hosts of friends. He says that
in his opinion both his father and grandfa- v
ther could have been saved if Pink atlls u
F had been obtainable at that time. ,
Dr. Williams' P'ink Pills for Pale PeoeLe
I contain all the elements necessary to give d
new life and richness to the blood and re- fr
store shattered nerves. They may be ad f
of all druggists or direct by mail from the in
Dr. Williams' Mledicine Co., Schenectady, . i
Y., at 50. per box, or six boxes for $2.5. d
tl
PUNGENT PARAGRAPHS. ai
--Bellefield--I say that the laws ni
nought to be made stronger." Bloom- oi
field--"I don't know that I quite com- si
prehend your meaning." "Well, as e:
the laws now stand, even comparative- d;
o ly week people can break them."- ei
Pittsburgh Chronicle-Telegraph.
-One of the professors of the UTni- -
versity of Texas was engaged in ex- ti
Splaining the Darwinian theory to his It
class, when he observed thathey were o'
not paying proper attention. *Gentle- f
men," said the professor, "when I am to
endeavoring to explain to you the S
d peculiarities of the monkey I wish you a
Swould look right at me."-Texas Sift- ci
--Bridget. I want a pound of steak, r'
a bag of salt, two ounces of pepper, a
loaf of bread and a pound of butter. a
it Do you think you can remember them a
all, or shall I write them down?" v
"Sure, mam, I kin remember one by C
the other. When I hey bread, I know
I want butter, and when I have steak,
1 want pepper and salt." "All right.
Go, and don't be long." Bridget was P
not long. She was back in a very b
short time; but with an empty basket. c
S"Why, where is the dinner, Bridget?"
"I couldn't remimber wan of them, a
manm. "Why, I thought you could re
member each article by the one before t
it." "Faith, mam, I hlad nothing to t
a remimber the furst one by." r
rg -At a picnic given the waifs of Chi
d, cago a plate of tarts was passed to
es two little urchins, evidently chums. I
ed One, whose mouth was too full for ut
us terance, and plate too full for even an
a- extra tart, shook his head; not so his c
To neighbor, who added the tart to his 1
ig pile of goodies. In a few minutes num
at ber one had so reduced his plate that t
he asked for the refused dainty, when c
he was told they were gone. Where
upon his little friend was heard giving
Shim this philosophical advice: "The t
time to take , BIob, is when they're
'c a-passine!"' 's Bazar.
o_ -One d~it en the late Lord Bea
consfield Icking in his grounds s
Sat Ilughende Mnanor, he was accosted i
by a v well-known parishioner noted forc
'l- his ready wit. It being winter time,
ot villager, after paying his respects to
ne his lordship, commenced to make an
nd appeal for a little help. "IIowoften
er have I told your to be careful and pre
pare for a rainy day?" "Ah! that's
on rigt enough; so I did, my lord," said
ie who thought of seeing all this snow
re- and- hard frost?" This ready retort
er had the desired effect.--nlouseholdt
't. Words.
lie WIG RIOTS.
Troubles Among the lalrdresset5 of
in Olden Times.
in A long chapter might be written on
0o hairdressers, their rights and wrongs
on and revolutions; but they have always
ur been stanch tories in their hatred of
LU. wigs. England had Iher wig riot in the
if reign of George II.; lMilan had hers in
the reign of Maria Theresa. It arose
st. from an audacious attempt by some
no restless innovator to cover every
Ut fashionable head in Milan with a wig
ie of steel or silver w"ire, warranted to
ho save some three hours' daily toil and
id endurance in the dressing of the hair.
ed Up rose the hairdressers like one man,
on and petitioned the empress to save
Bs thenm from the threatened ruin of their
- art.
The empress listened to their prayer,
ireand straightway decreed that anyone
be wearing one of these new-fangled
no periwigs must pay a fine of fifty
ed sequins or be thrice seourged in
ike publie. She further empowered the
he police to search private houses for the
ro- offending article, and to destroy it if
400 found. To this imperial legislation
.nd Goldoni allndes in the doggerel lines:
In that great day it came to pass
- That a gentle countess was forced, alash
n For her hairdresser's sake to forego her
o He kept her too long at her toilet.
in- Ten years later another satirist pub
r lished an "Account of a Prodigious
SComet Lately Seen at Milan," the
for comnet being a transoeaden't speelmen
of the hairdresser's art, erected on the
m be4d of a certatn elh1p dape,--M
m$1n'.s MagestaYI.
th lstIy anti$ t116s, . i tilt WtgMMtl b
4 Armueil-i.
'i'ie sithodl of the Araiussiinew*dlitu
s thebiome, and the fist character
stic of the home, after its piety, is its
industry. The households are large,
a sons bringing home their wives and
P* grandsons, theirs making up a family
s often of from forty to sixty persons.
In the interior villages among the
peasantry, the number is often much
e larger, This condition is a relic of
Biblical times, and is still necessary in E.
0 many parts of Armenia for mutual t
r- protection and economy of living in a m
country where life is often dependent Qui
1T upon resistance to barbarous tribes out
A and money and food products are sub- self
Sject to the justice (?) of Turkish txa
tion.ur
SWith primitive utensils and incon- w
I, venient methods of living it may be -w
c- seen that industry is a necessity in
such great establishments, and abso- F
in lute cleanliness goes with it. A ally
Frenchwoman, Mme. Chantre, who
so spent months in Armenia with her
1- husband, an oculist, and had an un- nps
0 usual opportunity to study the ~vays of ord
s- the people, speaks emphatically of lor
r, this clement of the Armenian home. and
se "The Armenian women," says she,
a "are perfect housekeepers. Their F
he houses are marvelously clean." mV
d, The servant problem does not exist giv
to in Armenia. All well-to-do households
re emplby servants who come from the
ly peasantry, and are trained in the
Us service of a family and become a part
he of it. They "know their place," as is
is said here, and yield all respect to their
ot masters and mistresses; on the other
3t hand, their "place" is known and re
r spected by every member of the che
m family. w1
I The Armenian women are expert a
" and skillful cooks. A prominent for- lea
od eigner who has traveled much through No
so the country has said: "No one has tee
eaten a good dinner who has not
Us eaten one cooked by an Armenian."
The chief meal of the day is eaten in Pc
=r- the evening after the work of the day m
ce is done. At this are served rich cereals Y
ne and vegetables cooked with sur- wil
ce passing delicacy and relish, and
in fruits, preserved and in their sea
son, of the most luscious and tempting wi
fa. varieties. Meat is used, but not so much on
Us as here. Armenia is a land of fruit and
flowers, and the Armenian woman is
'e deeply skilled in the art of preserving do
re- fruits and making confections from
ad flowers. The time of such compound
ing and preparation is a sort of holi- a,
day. The whole household gathers for C
the ceremony; the fruit is prepared
and put into great caldrons over which ai
presides some experienced aunt or cr
we other relative specially secured for the
m- occasion. The rest of the women as- pC
ri- silt according to the degree of their ,
as expertness, down to the younger
-e- daughters of the home, who can only
earnestly watch and admire the skill
which it is their ambition to emulate
ni. some day. At the critical moments of
ýx- the operation, when a drop more or
his less of lemon juice or an added degree 4
wre of heat too soon or too late may be
le- fatal, care and watchfulness are in
em tensified to the superlative degree.
:he Silence reigns while tastes and tests
on are taken, and the weight of a nation
eft. can hardly burden its bearer more
than the responsibility of her on whom
, rests the final decisive step.
a For the children it is a holiday pure
er. and simple. Fruits and sweets abound
em and saueerfuls of the confections at
n?" various stages of the process are gen
by erously dealt out.
oy These preserves are offered to all
ak, who are guests of the household.
ht. Ceremonious visits would not be com
vas plete without them. Two fine glass
ery bowls are set out containing each a
et. choice variety of the sweetmeats, with
t? an ample supply of silver spoons and
m, an array of crystal goblets filled with
re- water. A spoonful of the sweet is
ore taken by each guest and a sip of wa
to ter, then Turkish coffee is handed
round.-N. Y. Times.
to AN NWCH FROM DEATH.
Me. It Might Have yseen the 'Most Horrible of
ut- Fates, Too.
an We were sitting on the veranda of
his our bungalow one evening in far-off
his Burmah, R. A. and I, enjoying our
Im- after-dinner cheroot. The waters of
hat the bay lapped lazily at the sands at
Len our very feet, for our house was
ire- "builded on the stunds" of the shore.
ing All the world seemed at peace, only
the the "plunk! plunk!" of the monotonous
y're night bird in the jungle, and the oc
casional weird note of the jackal,
lea- signaling in the distance to his com
nds rades, were heard. The moon had come
ited up from behind a rocky island just
for over in the bay, and spread a flood of
me, golden-yellow light over the silver
the topped breakers, rolling in over a
s to neighboring coral reef. It was so
an calm and beautiful that it seemed that
tten all that was wicked and bad had gone
pre- out of the world, and yet death lurked
at's just at my friend's elbow, as he puffed
said unconsciously at his cheroot.
hen We had been discussing in a leisurely
aow manner something that had happened
tort in America. To prove some point my
sold friend arose, and, stretching himself
lazily, sauntered into his bedroom to
get a paper bearing on the matter we
had been discussing. Usually lights
o. were placed in all the bedrooms, but
this evening, for some unaccountable
Son reason--probably the moonlight-the
ngs servant had no) performned his duties.
rays I could hear my friend fumbling about 1
d of on his dressing table, and then sudden
the ly he gave a quick cry of horror and
in rushed out to the light.
rose *'I have been struck by a snake," he
ome gasped, and his face was deadly pale.
"ery Where is it? Quick! Show mel" I
wig exclaimed, as I whipped out a knife.
H to He held out his right arm. There
and was no mark on the hand, which I ex
air. amined critically, but on the cuff of
nan, the shirt were two tiny scratch-like
save punctures, and two little globules of
heir poison sinking into tme scratched linen,
leaving a sickly, greenish-yellow mark.
.yer, "You've had a close call, old man," ]
tone exclaimed, with a great sigh of relief,
gled "and I think you need a peg to brace
fifty up your nerves, but first let us settle
I in the snake."
the We found him coiled up on a small
the mirror which lay on the table, and an
it if ugly looking devil he was, too, ready
tion to strike again.
ines: le was a very poisonous snake
known as the Debaoe Russelli, but
i after my friend had finished with him
i her it would have been difRcult for any
naturalist to have placed him in him
lst. proper genus.- -W. A. Fraser, in De
pub- troit Free Press.
rious
the -Molie--'Do you like trolley par.
inen ties?" Dollie-"I just love 'em. You
lihe know I'm engasged to one; he's i g
Mwr torans," h -Terf rs Wtateentmi
Amu - Y ma
AR~@WT3E.qy PURE _
EA¶rUaw Stranger-"What arerhey lynch
ing him iorr' Quick Drop Dan-'"At
temnted suicide."1155tern1 Strangver-"Th
might just as well have lot lhim kifl himself.
Quick Drop Dan-"NO, siree. Thne boys
out here don't believe in a feller being so
seflsh."-Life.
WnAT profits us that we from heaven de
rive a soul immortal, and dith looks erect,
survey the stars, ir, like the brutal bind
we foliow where our passions lead the wsayi
-Dryden.
Keep Your Weather Eye Open.
Fraud loves a shining mark. Occasion
ally spurious imitations spring up of tos
tetter's Stomach Bitters the great Ameri
can family remedy for chills and fever, dys
pepsia, constipation, biliousness, nervous
ness, neuralgia, rheumatism uand idney dis
order. These imitations are usually fiery
local bitters full of high winos. Look out
for the firm signature on the genuine label -
and vignette of St. George andthe Dragon.
FIRST WisP FIExwD (at hotel)-" He's a
mean euss; didn:t give me a cent." Second
Wisp Fiend-"'That fool I was brushin'
give me a quarter."-Boston Transcript.
Tats famous "new woman"
Still chanijng appears,
Bae's "advanccd'" tin ideas,
But never in years.
-WVashlngton Star.
Tobacco's Triumph.
Every day we meet men who have ap
parently lost a!l Interest in life, but they
chew and smoke all the time and wonder
why the sunshine is not bright and the
sweet birds' song sound discordant. To
bacco takes away the pleasures of life and
loaves trritated nurvo centers in return.
No-To-Bat is the easy way out. Guaran
teed to cure and make you well and strong,
by Druggists everykwhere.
"TnI only thing I dotn't like about Miss
Peeler is her bathing suit." "That isn't
much against her.''-Lifc.
FoRTlFY Feeble Lungs Against Winter
with Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
IF r'ou can bear all your small trials you
will never break down under your great
ones.-Texas Siftings.
Boee Eyes Cre-d.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never faIls ts
do this; 2te at ail drug stores.
Mons Rrccsv.- naJck-"Al i You are a
true daughter of Eve."' Jcss-- '"lndeedl I
am not. WVe go back only to William the
Conqueror. "-Puck.
JozEs-"How's Wheeler getting along
since he bought a i~.clc'" Brown--"On
crutches. I believe."- London Fun.
A LIFE of ease is a dimficult pursuit.-Cow
per.
rebster's International
_cxee.or s fthe "' Inabtrldeqd.'" Dito
Specimn paes. etc.. sent ol DpipOonary
pearlya Schboolttooibta CummenldslyflU4t5 Snpertnlendelteof Scool.
THE BEST FOR PRACTICAL PURPOSES.
It is easy to find the word wanted.
It is easy to ascertain the pronunciation.
It is easy to trace the growth of a word.
c It is easy to learn what a word means.
G. * C. merr-amn co., ablusners, aspratnele, Male.
·ssi+ýsssssswesososi-sses-istss
White Washing
Done
Everywhere
with
Clairette
Soap
All washing is not white
washing, as all soap is not
Clairette. That bath-brick L
tint when seen in clothes, al
ways proves that they are stran
gers to Clairette Soap. Try it.
Sold everywhere. Made byy_
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, - ST. LOUIS.
SOut of sorts
-and no wonder. Think of the con
S  dition of those poor women who have
r to wash clothes and clean house in
the old-fashioned way. They're
tired, vexed, discouraged, out
t 'of sorts, with aching backs
-_ and aching hearts.
They must be out of
their wits. WVhy don't
ý ,- 1they use Pearline ? That
is what every woman who
, values her health and strength
is coming to. And they're coming
to it now, faster than ever. Every day, Pearline's fame
grows and its patrons increase in number. Hundreds of
millions of packages have been used by bright women who
want to make washing easy. Ut
The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the land, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. Better crops, a better soil, and a
0 larger bank account can only then be expected.
W 'rite for our " Farmers' Guide." a 14:-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
lill make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, New York.
DUNCAN'S LINIMENT rlibl,
TESTED REMEDY
heu matism Headache, Toothahe,
0. W QUlTrER. CLllrosevrrLS. ara. sayst ".I hale roumd DUNRCAU'3 UNIU3'Ei
to be the best remedy !or pains generall I eves' saw."
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and MULES t is a ' DEAD SNOT."
tR sa WsACWvreWUrUs. r., veoete s., r xASvrsl. TIUrrEW.
"De fac'," saidl Uncle Eben, 'dt some.
men gits erlongby Joe' pertendin' terbewis
shows whult or good t'lng wisdom r'alye mu'
be."-Washington sitar.
Best of All
To cleanse the system in a gentle and truly
benetlicia manner, when nhe aprinStim6
Sthe faily and costs only50 cents the
large sizet. Try it ad be leaed. n
uactured by the Californi FigP yrup Co.
only.
Ha--'"Tho lamn isgniog out." hloe-"Y
It hasn't been filled since you came."-Life
Hal's Catarrh Cure
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75o.
VANITY is" a poison of agreeableness.
Grevillo.
ASSIST NATIURi
a little now and then
in removing offend
ing matter from the
stomach and bowels
and you thereby
avoid a multitude
of distressing de
rangements and dis
eases, and will have
less frequent need
of your doctor's
tservice.
Of all known
agents for this pur
ose. Dr. Pierce's
Pleasant Pellets are
the best. Onaes
used, they are ail
wavsIn favor.
The Pellets cure
biliousness, sick
and bilious head
ache, dizziness, cos
tivcness, or consti
pation, sour stom
ach, loss of appetite. coated tongue, indi
gestion, or adyspepsia, windy belehings,
'heart-burn," pain and distress alfter eat
ing, and kindred derangements of the
liver, stomach and bowels.
STICK BLUE ! B"""E.
A. N. K., F 1571
w'IIED wuiTis ?O AI)VERTISIERS PLEAS3
eaite that yoe saw the Advertleement Is tlds
Iwspst