thousands of amidt
rye:m asprestored to health ever, vas
k-106- t fire menstrual irrelmIsrti..
`` w"h'Rich nearly all women a
Sue. niersaly used for that p
.3A t o'!ur dru,,lslt for McElree-'
uIsrsu. Spgnan of this class of
Sseas, Laura P. Brownlass of
Sto says: ""I have been sufering
from exessive menaea for two years, con
a w e o Cardul has saved my lLfe.
a looked forward to each month and
S.t~aoght I could not endure such misery an
other time. I ean't express my gratitude
for the wonderful reliefe"
S"WEarT is wisdom}" asked a teacher of a
lass of small girls. A bright-eyed little
creature arose and answlered. "lInformation
of the brain.,,
In This Work-a-Day World
brains and nervous systems often give way
under the pressure and anxieties of busi
ness. Paresis, wastin of the nervous tis
sues, a sudden and unforeward collapse of
the mental and pys ical faculties are daily
occurrenes as the columns of the daily
ress ow. Fortify the system when ex
ested hoginst such untoward events with
aostetter's Stomach Bitters, that most
helpful medicino of the weak, worn out and
niJnrm. Use it in rheumatism, dyspepsia,
constipation and malaria.
Somu one has said that the medical pro
fession divido humanity into two classes
the poor whom they cure, and they rich
Whom they doctor.-T''it-Bits.
Tobsecoo Tattered an. Torn.
Every day we meet the man with shabby
clothes, sallow skin and shambling foot
steps, holding out a tobacco-palsied hand
for the charity quarter. Tobacco destroys
manhood and the happiness of perfect
vitality. No-To-Ilac is guaranteed to cure
just such cases, and it's charity to make
them try. Sold under guarantee to cure by
Druggists everywhere. Book free. Address
ASterling Remedy Co., New York City or
Chicago. '
"SAY, mister," said the little fresh air
child, as she watched the cattle eujoying
their cud, "do you have to buy gum for ail
of them cows to chew '"
S An Important Dlferenee.
T o make it alpareut to thousands, who
think themselves ill, that they are not af
fected with any disease, but that the system
simply needs cleansing, is to bring comfort
home to their hearts, as a costive condition
is easily cured byusing Svrup of Figs. llian
ufactured by the California l'ig Syrup Co.
THE hammock is tlways brought out in
the summer, iheU evcryono's eierience 1
leads him to suppose that it was built for
the fall.-Yonkers Statesman.
A Dosa in Time Saves Nine of Hale's
Roney of Horehound anf d Tar for Coughs. f
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one rminute
Tas man who robs Peter to pay Paul t
usually intends to strike Paul for a larger t
loan later on.--Puck.
r
Hail's Catarrh Cure
Is a onstitutional Cure. Price 7'c. r
A DeLt is quickly mranaged. It only
takes two seconds to arrange i.. c
The Foundation
of Good Health is
Pure, Rich Blood
And the surest, best way to g
purify your blood is to take
Hood's Sarsaparilla °
Hood's Pills fao or biiou it w'c°
cause s mh ling ldrug . 't li
The b reatest Medlecl Discovery o
of the Age. ti
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY,. i
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS., of
Has discovered in one of our common et'
asture weeds a remedy that cures every ea
ind "f Humor, from the worst Scrofula bo
S- acommon Pimple. n
tried it in over eleven hundred f,,
:. lnever failed except in two cases a
.der humor.) He has now in his
Ssion over two hundred certificates tr
'f its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book. Cr,
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted c
when the right quantity is taken. inke
When the lungs are affected it causes sta
shooting pains, like needles passing k
through them; the same with the Liver or i
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be- v
Ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first. l
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat P1'
the best you can get, and enough of it. of
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- tir
time. Sold by all Druggits. ne
DRESSMAKERS
FIND THE ONLY itl
S ORICINAL fIt
PUBLISHED nil,
In This Country t;t
L'rt do La lode,
- lnd all the mostre- gt
liable information on i ci
the question of dre-s. t
Order of your 1xcw -
dceler or send ,¶ Ceng
•,at Patte. ib 4essa, s for the list Number. I
THE MORSE-BROUGHTON CO.,
Dot. eLi Ae sad Bireadway, NEW YORK.
BEST IN T IE WORLD. I
cakes for gcne.'a
S blacking of a stove.
. -POiSh for a quick
fter- dinner shine,
.yj WO~ applied and poe. Tue
ished with a cloth.
IA YOU T DRUtIST FO1 cren
:THE BEST*.an
ofa
*AL+' .. "V .l. 0 e
+,%:+--W uok Ste
. FARMER AND PLANTER.
Va.
ti01- COTTON CULTURE.
lo SemethlLg Itere Abonut Alas to Its Im
ýe's provcment.
s of In a former article I referred to the
ri Importance of leguminous crops in the
con- restoration of our land so as to make
Mo- the maximum crops possible, and spoke
endof the southern cow pea in starting
an. this improvement.
rude Within the .past fire years another
crop has been introduced to the notice
if a of our farmers that promises to be the
ittle greatest aid and ally of the cow pea
Lion for the southern farmer that has yet
been tested. This is the annual win
ter growing clover, now known as
crimson clover. There is no plant that
fits in so well with the cow pea as a
e of forage crop for the south, or as a
ally renovating crop. I have been urging
alY the merits of this clover upon the cot
th ton farmers (,f the south for several
lost years, and not only on the cotton farm
and ers, but on all of our farmers alike.
Da lIr. R. . MlcAnally, of Saxon, N. C.,
writes that he tried crimson clover
o three years ago, but it grew only nine
'sc inches high and he discarded it. But
recently lhe was induced to give it an
other trial with the help of 800 pounds
of kainit per acre harrowed in with
by the seed, and now lie reports a won
nd derful growth-"as thick as the hair
ys on a dog's back." 'This shows that his
ect soil needed the help of the potash in
e the kanit to enable it to gather
by nitrogen for him. The great ad
ess vantage to the cotton farmer in the
or crimson clover crop is that he can sow
it all through his cotton field after
air the cultivation is over in August and
Swill have a green pasture all winter
in place of a bare soil ,vashing away
all through the winter rains, and will
have a growth to plow ander
ho for corn in the spring that will
a!- Insure him a good crop. Then
Irt as 1 have said, it fits in well with the m
on cow-- pea crop, for as soon as the peas I
n- are cut for hay he can sow" the clover m
seed on the land after stirring it with 1
in a cutaway harrow, and can pasture it j
cc till time to put the land in order for I
or cotton.
Mr. Win. Choice, of Spartanburg. S. 1
's C., writes that lie had an outlying a
is farm that he tried to sell as he had
more land than lie needed, but failing
ul to do so, he asked my advice how to I
er treat it, as the land had been badly
run down under the old one-crop- 1
planting system. I advised him touse I
liberally potash salts and dissolved a
Ly phosphatic rock, and sow it down in t
crimson clover. lie prepared in Au- a
gust a large field and clid as directed. I
The results have been, lie says, nore s
tthan satisfactory. "In April, follow- a
1ag. the clover was in full bloom, and c
nmattle a large crop of hay which was I
olf in time to plant cotton. Plauted
on the clover sod, without any other c
manure, and the young cotton now
shows that rich, rank growth which is t
a fair harbinger of a good crop. This a
goes to show that a proper rotation, t
with crimson clover as the basis of re- t;
cuperation, will make the farm rich s
anid at the same time give paying
3 Srops. s1
SHero, then, we see the effect of one I
nwell-fertilized crop of crimson clover, e
a the hay from which fully paid all ex- C
pense of fertilizers, in giving the prom. ti
Sise of a good crop w-ithout further fer- bi
tilizntion. No bills for complete fer- a
tilizers at a high price to be paid out at
of that cotton. This shows what I
have for years been insisting upon, al
that the true way to fertilize for our w
sale crops is to use the cheaper forms tl
q of mineral plant food to grow a heavy do
n crop of the plants that are going to rc
V capture for us the nitrogen that costs m
a bo much inl a complete fertilizer, fo
and timos not only get a heavy t
I forage crop to feed for the making of of
a profit out of stock, and to make our
manure pile larger, but thus fix ni
trogen in the land for the succeeding bu
crop of cotton or corn. This is in of- h
f-ct not only getting the fertilizer Fr
free for the cotton crop, but the inalk
ing of a profit in doing so and at the
same time have the satisfaction to
know that our soil is actually being me
improved by the process. It has been mt
well said that "the coming farmer of mc
the south will be a legume farmer." an
(ow peas rand crimson clover, with a ]y.
liberal use of the cheap potash and pal
phosphate's, lie at the very foundation its
of all rational farmn improvement in si'
the south,. Ily their aid the land need cam
never, either in winter or summer, be of
left to the wasting of rains and sun by bem
lying hare, but between every hoed crop by.
matty be covered with a growth to yield Th
profit while it gathers fertility for the cot
land and food for the sale crops. But otl
it mutist not be assumed that these tut
crops will bring all the elements of hio
futility to a soil that lhas been ex- rer
lhausted by long tillage and exposure tilc
to time leacthing effects of rain and sun. ,No
If you want the legucomninous crops you gra
muist feed tihem. T''hey will gather the
nitrlogen fur you free, lint they can not 'al
fget the pot:rashl atd phosphoric acid
that the erops of former vears have
taken ai way from the soil, and with
out tlhese are given them they can not -
g't t;:e nitrogen they would with a cat
well-developed growth, and you will dtat
nt only use the hlay crop they would qui
give, but tihe effect on the soil for sub- gre
sequent crops. Nothing from nothing ter.
and ,,,thling remains. It will pay far -
btlier to pit a liberal dressing of the isa
cheap mlinmrcal fertilizers on tihe pea lart
annh clover crops, than to put the satne go
imonei- vraltc in a high-grade fertilizer 'yot
on tihe cotton crop direct, and not only coil
paIy better in the cotton crop, but in feri
the perinanetit improvement of the -
soil. llaving these two crops then as ble
sheet anchors iu our efforts to grow rait
cotton cheaply, we will take up in our and
next thie various rotation of crops that cvel
tny be practiced with cotton as the to.
niorntry crop, or, in other words, the of t
.way in which we will change from pen
planting to farlurliug.--Cor. Farm and
itinuch. Inst
FALL PLOWING. try,
ftre (lrrmlsttry Reason Wahy It Is Better prol
I haet Sprln(C Plowlng. thie
To prepare thie ground for the seed, turt
it should be deeply plowed in the au- hay
tittnn, and cross-plowed, as the land -
can not-be plowed in thespringr with-. tra
out exposing a large surface to the and
s.trong dr-ying effects of tire spring The
w-intds, and thus occasioning the loss told
f~rom the soil by evaporation ofa quan- for
tity of water proportioned to the in- plie
crease of surface exposed. Ily the and
reciprocal action of the :trtmosphere
and the coil the latter keeps up its store the
of available nutritive matters. Ti:e rtcu
silicates soluble with difficulty slowly neig
yield alkalies, lime and magnesia in huni
soluhle forms; the inulphides are slow- hom
ly converted into sulpbhates, and gen- raire
rrally the minerals of the soil are di- age
rutelrl&1t atm asix g.. QDer th, La- t tal
tR hence oa the e27ire, the water"
earbonie aoid, and the attrio acid tI
the air. Again, the atmospheric nitro
gen is assimilable by the soil in the
Ia- shape of ammonia, nitrades, and the
amide-like matters of humus.
Sthe The rate of disintegration, as well
athe as that of nutrificat(on, depends in
sake part upon the chemical character of
poke the soil, and partly upon the tempera.
ting tare and meteorological conditions.
Moreover, the soil lying in rough
ther inter-furrows has been subjected to
,tice the action of frost; it Is in its tupper
the layers so broken up and divided in all
pea directions by the powerful expansion
yet of the water when converted into ice,
win- as to be reduced to the condition of
t as the greatest possible fineness. recog
that nized and so much desired by the
as a farmer under the term mellowness,
as a It has consequently attained that
ring degree of pulverization nod porosity
cot- which, with an adequate degree of
eral moisture, affords a solid standing*
irm- ground for the young plant,
while at the same time enough
c., air for the development of
er the germ. can penetrate the
line surface soil, and in the upper layers
But nutritive material for the young plant
an- dissolved by the moisture of winter Ji
nds always present. It is, therefore, in
with accordance with reason not to plow
'on- the land at all in the spring, but toput
,air in the seeds without farthet prepara
his tion than a previouis harrowing.
in The vigorous development of plants
her depends far less upon the weight and
ad- size of the seed than upon the depth
the to which it is covered with earth, and
:ow upon the stores of nourishment which
.tcr it finds in its irast period of life.
and Andrew H. Ward.
ter A FRUIT HOUSE.
ray
Fill Rowne Hlts to Theoe Who Htave Frult to
der LMtore.
vill In some localities it is rather difficult
ion to secure a good cellar without consid
the erable work. Often draining by dig
eas ging a trench is necessary; and, when
ver this is the case it will often pay to
ith build a fruithouse above the ground, I
it rather than to run the risk of water
for flooding in and damaging the fruit and i
vegetables. A fruithouse. If well
8. built, so as to be frost-proof, is much I
ng more convenient than acellar in many
ad ways, but good care must be taklen in
ng doing the work if good results are to I
to be secured.
Ily Two by six-inch studding will be the s
)p- best; that is, not less than this should
se be used. They can be placed two feet
ed apart, and it is usually best to brace
in the corners. Eight feet is plenty high,
,u- and in most cases six will be utfficient.
d. It should be built close to the ground, i
re so that it can be banked up readily on
w- all sides. On the outside rough boards
ad can be nailed on- first, and over this a 5
as layer of tarred paper or heavy straw £
ed paper, and then the whole should be t
er carefully weatherboarded.
Vw When it can be done, it will be best 2
is to fill the space between the studding t
is with sawdust, taking care to fill in
n, tightly. Rough boards can be nailed on It
'e- the inside, and over this tarred paper d
ch should again be takckd.
zg Overhead a tight layer of boards cI
should be put, and on them a good t1
Ie layer of sawdust. A chimney, or place o
r, or ventilation, should be provided. tI
' Care should be taken to make tight; ci
a- the door and ventilator should sE
r- be all the openingfd Good, close- k
r- fitting doors, one to open outside m
it and one inside, will help. Boxes e,
or bins should be built inside and li
a, about four inches away from the tI
ir wall. This will give airspace between
is the wall and the fruit. To make a
S doubly sure, an old stove set in the di
o room in which a little fire may be a
s made in the severest weater, will be w
P, found a benefit, as a very little fire d(
wy ill lessen very mnatcrially the danger ai
of damage. A house of this kind, in a ay
winter like the last one, will keep re
fruit and vegetables without freeziulg, al
but in winters such as we sometiees at
have, a little fire will be necessary.- tl
r Fruit Growers' Journal. of
e The Bacon lio.
o The Danes find the bacon hog the pi,
most profitable--a very different ani- or
r mal from the lard hog, and fed on vo
f more nitrogenous nutrimneuts. Tihe cow he
and hog dovetail together very fitting- ha
Sly. The hog grows cheapest on the be
1 pasture and beside the fields that grow foi
t its grains. lie is most profitable &. a th
z subordinate department, because lie hi
I can not consume the coarse fodlers sti
of the farm. lie furnishes the
best market in which to sell the it
by-products of tie mill and dairy. de,
i The hog assimilates more of the most nil
concentrated feed stuffs than any bo
other animal of the farm. Quicker re- do
turns come from him than fromn ca
horses, cattle or sheep, lie pays the dy
rents in European countries. lie lifts we
the mortgages in the northern states. thil
No agricultural people thrive -who buy an
grain or mncats and pay for them with bu
the price of other farm products.- "H
SFarmers' Magazine. sai
HERE AND THERE. ev
-(;ueese require grass as much as Ir
cattle and should have it in abun- hi
dance. They also feather out more i
quickly wheen permitted to run on exa
green pasture and have plenty of wva
te. ro
-Farmers must learn that the best fou
is always thIe cheapest; that a few dol- wol
lars' difference in thie service fee of a citc
good horse amid an ordinary one is never tie
worth considering, and that e valuable que
colt costs no more to raise than an in- Den
ferior one.
-Turkeys are an especially valua
ble crop on the farm, and are easily '
raised if one knows how. Five liens abc
and a gobblershould produce 100 birds~ rat
every year, worth anywhere froum -1 Th
to $2 each. Not mere than 10 per cent. of l
of this should be the outlay for ex- hi
l-enses. flui
-hheep raising has been during the li
last two years a discouraging indus- blow
try, and many have given it up entire- but
ly. This is a mistake, as a small flock whi
properly handled is a great benefit to are
the farm. The sheep like short pas- coc
turage4 and as weed destroyers they the
have no equal. prem
-There are farms in New 1Mexict i fe
that have been irrigated for 250 years, Ute
and they are to-day as good as new. tha
The Pima Indians of Arizona, we are co
told, have cultivated thIe same lands
for 500 years, and nothing has been al.
plied but the water which freshened Pa
and fertilized the fields. or ii
-The know-how, supplemented with geni
the do-it, is sum and substance of ag- Sc
rcultural or any other sucMess. A Neil
neighboring poultrvyman hatched four
hundred and sixty-five chicks with a
homo-made incubator last -inter,
raised .eyery one of themn to broiler er
age. and soi4 them Fcr t'rti, to fglt
cnts apteg "
a Sr. STONE REOOVERING.
Ltre
the Owes His Health to Dr. Wlllamd
the Pink Pill fbr Paeo peoplfs
well , of sun. balbuesak BI,
a ia The many friends of J. Stone, of Palsmer,
hr o Pla., will bepleased to know that that esti.
erar snable old gentleman, who has for .years
been a great sufferer from rheimatism, is
ugh recovering. At one time it was sitpossible
Sto for Mr. Stone to use his rightarm. Thegean
tleman in question was in the dity yeatera
pea day, and when asked by a Bun- man to give
some reason for his recovery, he said:
s0on "Well, sir, yon will not believe me per
ce, haps, bt t my recovery is due to Dr. Wi.
I of am' Pink Pills for Pale People. I think
them an excellent remedy and must accept
e this opportunity, if you will permit me, to
theadvise all who suffer as have one to t
them. PUr guarantee relief. Two years ago
hat I was suft~ring from rheumatism; i on
know what condition I was in. I read an
sit article in a Christian paper of Dr. Williams'
of Pink Pills for Pale People and I took seven
inkg boxes of them. The result was more than
Lnt, any human being could have expected. I
grew better fast.
ugh "omeone then advised other tnedicitne,
of ayin that I had taken gnough of the pills.
the Ilieoeded the advico and the result was 1
'era w worse again and lost the Use of my
gt anrm. I could not move it a partlole.
ant isht weks ago I commenced to take the
r jg plLs again aid now I can use my arm with
Si out an pain whatever. They are a Ionder
ow ful pill and I drove several miles to-day to
purchase another box of them.
put "I wish you would publish the following
era- afldavt I swore to. Iask this of you as a
means of displaying my gratitude as well as
to endeavor to save some other poor suf
uli ferer."
and The Sun manconsented and the following
Sisthe affidavit which the happy man swore
ndto vesterday before J. C. B. oonce:
'The above wvas sworn to and subscribed
ic s before me this 21st day of May A. D. 1605.
[sz..J J. C. B. Koooe,
Notary Public.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an un
to failing specific for such diseases as loco
motor ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus'
lilt dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism,
id- nervous headachel, the after effect of is
Sgrippe, palpitation of the heart, pale and
ig sallow complexions, all forms of weakness
et either in male and female. Pink Pills are
sold by all dealers, or will be sent post paid
bon receipt of prico, (50 cents a box2 or six
id, boxes for $2.50-they are never sold in bulk
te or by the 100o by addressing Dr. Williams'
nil Medicine Company, _"henectady, N. Y.
ell MA.TUan D.Ass1) .L (as they pass the con
ch servatory--l'Diear nic! WVlhat a delicious
ny smell of-narch!')--orange blossoms!" Lit
. tHe iMr. Tipkins (alarmnled)-"Oh, no-really
n -I assure you, nothing of the sort!"-
to Punch.
"Dri.e am one lilessin' about bein' black,"
le said ltastus, as hit stowed two chickens d
Id away in his bag the other night. "Yo'aini't
et r'ter be so visible in de dark."-h-1arper '
ce
THE GREATEST KILLING. r
It. I
d, Nine Alen Shot to IHeath In One #Ilbt by f
on a Gambler.
ds In the way of prompt and deadly k
;a shooting nothing in all the red calep,
Iy dar of homicide in the far west beats t
be the record of the gambler, Riley, at
Newton, Kas., made one night in 1S71.
e6 The Santa Fe railroad had been built
ag to that point during the year, and a
in flourishing town had grown up around a
.a the terminus to which the Texas cattle S
rr drives that had been going to Abilene
were turned. One night the Texas y
Is cattle drives were in for shipment, and
id the cowboys were celebrating. Some tc
e of the Texans had a grudge against ac
J. the offlicers of the town, and so they 0o
t; camne in prepared for trouble, and they tI
d set about miaking it straightway. They it
killed the city marslhal, the deputy cr
le mar:lhal and another man early in the c
.s evening. Later they poured into Pink- c
d ham's dance hall to the number of as
e twenty-five or thirty. bi
n 't'heir first break was to assassinate
a harmless citizen. Riley was in the a
e dance hall and the man just killed was i
e a particular friend of his. Without a an
e word Riley stepped back to the big an
e double doors in the front of the saloon ha
r and closed them. Placing his back an
s against the doors, he drew a pair of clt
p revolvers and fell to shooting, one man
against the crowd. Men tumbiled left dc
9 and right, and shots rang out all over se
- the room in response to the cracking
of Riley's pi:.tols. Shots perforated so
and splintered the door all about him, of
but he stood there firing until his Ai;
a pistols were emptied. T'Ihen leaping ad
- o-er the counter lie caught up a re- to
s volver that lay on a shelf beneath and co.
vkept on with his (firing. Before he
- had emptied the pistol that he found tic
s behind the bar the men inside had
r forced the fiont doors open. Those PC
no
L that could rushed out and Riley shot r
his last man in the middle of the tri
a street.
When it came to counting up losses up
it was discovered there were thirteen tic
dead Ien in the town, due to that
night's shooting, of whom nine cow-m
boys had fallen by Riley's hand. A
- doctor, hastily sumnlioned to the scene, In
came to the side of a cowboy who was In
Sdying. "Hlow is it, Doe?" asked the f
wounded man. "Am I going to pull al
through?" The doctor shook his head
and said: "l'msorry, my poor fellow,
but I can not give you any hope." pr
"How about the man who shot me,"an
said the cowboy. "is he lead?"' "No," T
answered the doctor, "hle was not
even wounded." "I know better than
that," said the cowboy. "I know he
was hit. I was right by the side ofen
him when he shot mne, and before I fell p
I fired and hit him under the arm. You o
examine him and you'll find that he's ex
wounded there." When the doctor got bu
round to Riley hie examined hium andbo
found that he had received a flesh fo
woundl under his arm, which in the ex- for
citenent of liflghting hie had not no- pa
ticed. Riley left the town after the in- po
quest and didn't appear there again.- Ad
Denver Field and Farm.
A lyatery About Blood.
There is something very mysterious
about the color of human blood, or, r
rather, as to what causes its red color. eon
Thie physiologists say that "the color tan
of blood is due to the red corpuscles i.
which are contained in the vein lie
fluids." but this does not entirely ex- e
)plain the mystery. An aggregation of
blood corpuscles are red, to be sure,
but in small numbers they are yellow, pe
while one or two enamined separately eq
are found to be a very light straw es
color. Why a large aggregation of T
these tiny discs should convey the im- o
pression of red to our senses, while a ha
few show a yellow and a single speci
men a light straw colar, is something T
that. the editor of "Notes for the Cu. -ali
rious" would like to see explained.- stat
St Louis Republic. 98,
A Formn of ipeeh. Idl
Prof. Maxim-You can't fire a cannon sta
or light a fire cracker with a spark of 028,
gRenius.
Scholar (misinterpreting "you ')
Neitlher can you.-Detroit Free Press
On Parsise. 3,
Watts--I wonder if the knickerboek-. M
er woman will expect a seat in the .wor
ers? of i
Potte-Exlsoet it? You couldn't coax 0iQ3
Ag*i to tak !tA-Lediseapotte deaPTs),
OU DEEP WATER-WAYS
IWeal to the w'te . urme ie As
m' Bared by its Cdmpeitos.
For many years the wor4h of creating
deep channels between Lakes Superior.
auron, Michigan and Erie has been
em, going on. At length the work is done,
este. or under contract to complete, so that
ears from all the lakes twenty-foot ohannels
a. may practically be said to exist. With
Ibis the completion of the inter-lake
Schannels, all the immense and rapidly
`` increasing navigation converges to the
common eastern terminus at Buffalo.
er The existence of the great lakes has
rNil made possible the so-called northwest,
dub since it has permitted the products of
*pC the northwest to reach markets at a
ty much lower figure than has been
ago possible by'all rail. From Duluth to
ou Buffalo, eleven hundred miles, it costs
nm, about one-third fis much as it costs to
veu transship and transport across New
tan York state. Increasing competi
* tion from those countries of
ne, the world possessing cheap land
Llla. and cheap labor makes it
S 1 imperative on the producers, the farm
o ers of the northwest, to search out, if
the possible, some way of getting their
th- crops to the eastern markets at a lower
lei rate than they have been getting. To
every producer in the northwest it will
lng be of interest to know that on Septem
sa ber 24-20 there will be a convention
ia held in the city of Cleveland for the
purpose of developing in a large way
Ing the facts relating to this deep water
re navigation from Buffalo eastward.
oed With a view to decreasing the cost, it
95. is necessary t) use the cxisting lakes
and river, with supplementary canals,
and to reduce the cost from Buffalo
to cast in some such ratio as has been so
nd cured in the upper lakes. An eminent
- engineer, C. N. Dutton, who has given
u the matter a great deal of study, has
m, prepared the following statements and
nl figures, which I beg to present, with
08 out comment, simply asking that theyj
are be read and thought on:
aid -"Sixteen great states, namely. Ohio. Indt
six ana. Illinois, fKentucky, Michigan, V.isconsin. F
ilk Minnesota. lowa, Missourl, North Dakota. L
B' South Dakota., Nebraska, Kansas, Montana,
Wyoming and Colorado, must ship their sur
in- plus agricultural products from the great o
ls lakes to the seaboard. Deep-water navigation c
would effect an immediate reduction in freight a
Iy osts, and consequent increase in crop values
of an average of five cents a bushel on grain
and potatoes, four dollars a ton on hay and
five dollars and upwards a ton on straw.
:" "In the sixteen states most benefited, the e
ns direct money gain. computed on the crop re- h
L ports of 1895, will be as follows:
r YEARLY GAIN.
ROP. Field. b. alue. per be. per b.e. ai
Corn-...'. 1:0,)0o.O .'9,303.010 9441 16.000.000
Wheat.. .33.0100.00o l95.7;93,12i .47 16.750.000
b Oats ......509,000.000 :3..376.,^ 8 .30 25.410.(00
Rye ...... 15.000,000 6.604.000 .41 750,000 if
Barley ... 40.0.0000 17.141.00) .40 2.030 000
ly Potatoes. 81i.J.00J 40.624,378 .5 4..00,000 o0
Tons. Ton. 01
Bay ..... .400.o0 a.215,60ao.300oo 7.34 117.)O.O00 R
!Straw... 4.,000 00) . 2. t0.0x)0
at Annanlgainon agrieult'l products 5$47,750,030
1. *Gain at 64 a ton. tGsan at 55 a ton.
It DOMESTIC ANIMALS (MEAT).
emberrk . Volue p. cf. Gats.
M.ceh cows. 8.4'81,51T $Ii1.39J.5T 4 12 2.3.838634
ilf Meutcattle. 17.68S.044 304.790.052 I 51.l33.,,7
le Sheep ......10.205.947 44.588.110 24 10.005.146
t Hogs ......2O6,OS,275 189.071,515 14 2O.4PJ.911
Gain in value of meat animals .... 114.1749098
15 Yearly gain one-third of above...... 3.,058,833 ..1
Td *The sixteen states above referred to have a ne
ie total area in improved farm lands of 109,326.876 ha
it acres. The Increoased value of the productions
of these landQ will be $463,80),OJ3 annually, an
Increased annual earning of 12.33'1 per acre. It wl
Y the market value of land depends upon "'1
y its earning power, and the ratio of In- sit
y crease of value be taken at four times the in- as
crease In yearly earnings, then the improved
farm lands of these sixteen statos will in
crease in value 59.33!1 per acre. or #1.868,003.01FJ
i1 as the immediate result of the opening of the
Maritime canal of North America.
e "'Vast as this sum appears, it is a partial
statement of the gain to the west resulting
from deep draft navigation to the seabard.
5 because It is based on tne short crops of 1991,
a and does not take account of truck, fruits,
small grains, dairy products, poultry, eggs,
horses and mules. and wood. timber, bark. aet.:
neither does it take account of mine products
and manufa-tures, or the increase In values nto
f city and manufacturing property."
a This movement has received the in
t dorsement of most of the United States
r senators from the west.
Last winter the legislature of Minne
sota memorialized congress in support
of this measure. Senator McCleary, of
Mankato, is gathering data from Can
ada and the United States with a view
to urging it in the nJrthwest and in
congress.
The east has no transportation ques
tion. IHer manufactured goods, worth
perhaps thousands of dollars a ton, are
not perceptibly affected by a alight dif
erence in freight. The farming dis
tricts of the west are vitally affected
when all profit in their crops is eaten
up by the carrying charges. As a na
tional question it should be borne in
mind that the manufacturing east re
ceives her raw products largely from
the west; also her cheap food supplies.
In turn she finds her best market in the
farming states of the west. It should
also be remembered that the enormous
cash balance annually required abroad
to settle the foreign exchange must be
provided in the main by the western
and southwestern farms or by gold.
The pressure is urgent. The naviga- a
tion cannot be provided soon enough
if commenced now. The convention at
Cleveland will be markecd by the pres
ence of many specialists with specially
prepared papers covering a wide range
of public matters. As chairman of the
executive comnmittee, I respectfully re
quest correspondence with commercial
bodies, public oflicials and tlhe papers,
if in any way it nmay lead to fuller in
formuation and a quickened interest. In
particular, I desire assurances of sup- Sp
port which can be shown at the proper do
time as evidence of popular sentiment.
Address, A. L. ('nocKER, th
Minneapolis Board of Trade. mc
OUR NATIONAL WEALTH,.
rAND and the improvements upon It
constituteo the first and mnost impor
tant item of our national wealth.
IT is said that there are thirteen fam
ilies in New York each of which has
over 8500,000 invested in diamonds.
IT is believed that the value of the
personal property of this country
equals if not exceeds that of the real
estate.
Tnz state of Connecticut is enxor
mously rich in comparison to its size,
having an assessed valuation of $327,
177,385.
TaE state of Florida has a smaller
valuation than most of the southern
states. being estimated at only #30,
038,300.
MLIcYESOTA has developed more rap
idly than any other northwestern
state. Its assaeassed valuation is $258,
0SS,GS7. I
Tnr state of Georgiuhsha developed
5reatly since the war, the estimate now
*..aching the respectable total of 251,
003,124. - 4
irasouty ranks high among the
western states, the assessed valntioo
of real and pelrognaql property being
9IPQ3S,mt7Th
DnI~br ofilh ýaýllS 'L-L.US U. GoQ e BRjdeus
p4~~yazr~ IpU*¶
ýAGRICULTURAL PRODUCT8.
MiAssoiu in 1890 had 1,670,706 macres
f sowed in oats, which produced 88,820.
n 140 bushels.
a Missounm grew in the census year
o thirty-one tons of hemp from seventy
a nine acres.
a TnE first rye producing state is Penn
* sylvania, with 380,041 acres and 8,742,
104 bushels.
fNEnnIsAKA, according to the last cen
sus, had 113,008 farms, having 91,598,444'
acres.
'I.LLuors claims the largest number of
improved acres on her farms, having
r 52,069,000.
Tan farms of Kansas produced in the
census year an estimated value of 895,
070,080.
Tna increase in fruit farms in this
country has been mainly in the west
and southwest.
NEVADA has the smallest pumber of
farms of any state--,277, with 1,061,416
acres.
Tur letter "e" is like many men. It is
irst in everything, but ends in smoke.
AL wAYs TnooanTruL--Old Mald-"Do i
you really think that Mars is inhabited " I
Professor of Astronomy-"Why not' I
Mald-"I fancyI ought to start a Mars Dore.
eas society !"-Fliegcndo Blatter.
TEnR are boys who will not follow a
circus procession or a band wagon. They
are under the doctor's care.
No A.TERNATIVr,--lara-"iO .y0Ot are en
gaged at last." Maudo--'VWhy, hlow did 1
yon know I had accepted hinl" Clnra-"I 9
heerd he had proposed."-Brooklyn Life.
TnovrAs -"Have they named the twins
over at yocur house yet?" John-"Yep,; I)p
cnlled thetn Thunder and Lightning as soon
as lie heard about them."-Truth.
HIIartrIo' STRANGER (in Squeehawket)
"is fhorc time to catch the train " Languid
Native-"Waal, stranger, ye've got time
enough, I reckon but I'm dead sure ye
hain't got the speed l"--Harl,er's Bazar.
"You will notice that I have you on the
string," said the boy to the kite. "Yes,"
answered the kite. "And that is what
makes me soar."
~U"EN a missionary asked some Indians
if they were willing to abstain from work 1
on Sundays: "Yes." they replied; "and not v
only on Sundays, but on all other days as
vell." N
lIE walked the stream the livelong day,
SWith rod and reel and fly.
And then went home and reveled in
One long, luxuriant lie.
-Philadelphia Record.
TnE OLn Donor DID'T Wonxc-Tramp
"Madanm. I'm starvin' I Kin 1 eat grass out
here in th' back yard i" Mrs. Homespun-
"Yes; but don't you stray over into that
new lasturc; we're going to cut that for
hay."--Puck.
Wi..iLr-"An- what did Clawenco do
when Bob , lugard kicked him,1" Algy3-
"lHe simnply said: 'OGweat men are not sen- w
-itive to ewiticism," and walked swiftly
away."-Tit-Bits.
Your
f ,€ Neighbor's
Wife
'1 Likes
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
Says it saves time-saves money-makes overwork unneces
sary. Tell your wife about it. - Your grocer sells it.
MIade only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
- sre Which have
Syou an eye to,
r9 / - quantity or quality, when you buy
S" - '1 _ something to make washing easy?
If it's quality, you want Pearline.
asIn effectiveness, in economy, and
1< above all in its absolute harmless
ness, no matter how or where you
S \ use it, there's nothing to com
/ Ipare with this, the first and only
washing-compound.
What difference does the quantity make, after all? If you
spend five cents or ten cents or a dollar for an aid to washing,
don't you want the thing that will give you the most work,
the best work, and the most certain safety for that amount of
money? That thing is Pearline.
Send Peddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tell yu "this is as good as"
it Back and if your grocer sends you something in place cf Pearline be
. ho st-eick_483 JA ES PYLEi, New York.
Exhausted Soils
Sare made to produce larger and better crops by the
* use of Fertilizers rich in Potash.
Write for our ." Farmers' Guide," a '42-page illustrated be ok. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 9g Nassau Street, New York.
an-mtn unmmanmm mummumumma- d •
-DUNCAN'8 LINIMENT the OLD reliable,
EoE5TEsTD REMEDY
- eadache, Toothache,
!R heL ma im a.d PAINS generally.
G . W. G LUT'ERaorT ALA,,ss: I hs oud D-un
Sto be the best remedy for t generally I ever sa"l ,NIRU .
FOR COLIO ' and MULES it is a * DAD
an8' a--- CO.-,Pr-·i.*.. DEAD 8HOT."
- · .. ,, A _.
Tr:  n who wrote: "Revolutions never
go backward," had nevel turned a back
isomersault over the tailboard of a far.
wagon.
eor Eyes CHesd. -
Jaekson's Indian Eye Salve never fals tao
do is; Mie at all drug stores.
T1xPS---Glveup---Whte was your busi
ess before you took to trampingi" Pick.
up-"'eing tramped on."
Piso's Cure for Consumption has saved
me many a doctor's bill.-s. . FH. ARDY, Hop
kina Place, Baltimore, Md., Dec. 2, '94.
Tun man who upset his bleycle the other
day.was so severely injured that he had to
be taken home in a quadracycle.
GREAT BOOK FREE.
When Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. Y.,
published the first edition of his work, The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser.
he announced that after 68o,ooo-copies had
been sold at the regular price, 5z.5o per
copy, the profit on which would repay him
for the pgreat amount of labor and money
expended in producing it he would dis
tribute the next half million free. As this
number of copies has already been sold, he
is now distributing, absolutely free, soo,ooo
copies of this . most com
plete, interest- COUPON ing and val
uable commbn No.110 Jsense med.
ical work ever -published
the recipient only being required to mail
to him, at the above address, this little
coProN with twenty-one (2t) cents in one
cent stamps to pay for postage and pack
ing only, and the book will be sent by mail.
It is a veritable medical library, complete
in one volume. It contains over looo pages
and more than .fo illustrations. The Free
Edilion is precisely the same as those sold
at $1.5o except only that the books are
bound in strong manilla paper covers in
stead of cloth. Send Now before all are
given away. They are going off rapidly.
% RATE EXCURSION
-o ARKANSAS and TEXAS
SCotton Belt Route
AUG. 29, SEPT. 10 & 24, 1895.
For in ormatlon address
0. P. RECTOR,I ILt. H. UT'ON, F. JONE,
C.ol' At., T. I. A.. - D.P.A..
Memphis, Tean. I Chattana. Ten*. I Atlanta, Ga.
W. . ADAMS, I W. A. 31cUOWN, I J. H. JONES,
1V. I% A.. T.P.A.. I Ticket Agt.,
Nashrille, Tenn. Louisdtle. Ky. I Cairo, Il.A
J. E. DAVENPOT, ('ity Ticket Agent. St. Louls, Mof
STICK BLUE', EAN'S
(bL(L itT ALL DMEAL.lt5.
A. N. K., F 1569
WrIRN WHITING TO ADIVERTISERS PiEAsB
iLato that ore saw the Adsert|asme.t In this
}apee