1 eW send uasay opes d this paper to
artie whom we have been unable to see,
but whose names have been furnished to us,
persons who would likely become subscribers,
and shall continue tO send them until notified'
rot to do so, regardingnon-refusal to receive
it as Indicating a wish to be considered sub
scribers. The subscription price is so low
-one dollas per year-that we hope every
one will become subscribers, and send us the
amount of subscription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Go to Bagarry for a good shave and hair
cut.
The Black Diamonds are billed for a per
tormanes~e. Abbeville to-morrow.
Miss Tersile Broussard, of Patterson, La.,
is spending some time in our midst, the guest
of the Misses Bailey.
Miss Lea Gladu visited her brother Dr. G.
Gladu, at Mermeattau, this week.
Mr. J. C. Nickerson and sister, Miss Lella,
spent Sunday in Abbeville.
Miss Azelie Roussel, of Patterson, is the
guest of her aunt, Mrs. Cornay.
- Mr. F. Otto made a flying trip Sunday
to Burke station.
Mr. Simeon Begnaud, from Scott, called
to pay his respects to The Gazette.
Mr. J. E. Bonin, of Broussard, dropped in
to see The Gazette.
Mr. Wm. Clegg made a trip to New Or
leans last Sunday.
Dr. Geo. C. Mouton Sundayed in Lafa
yette, and spent the day with his mother
at the old homestead.
Dr. James Ray, a leading physician of
Opelousas, was in town Tuesday on busi
ness. We were pleased to meet him.
The Gazette was pleased to meet Sunday
Mr. J. P. Russel, a prominent capitalist of
Washington La.
The wife and child of Mr. Thornton, the
affable telegraph operator at the Southern
Pacific depot, arrived in Lafayette Monday.
Judge C. DeBaillon is spending some
days at the seashore, with a party of gentle
me r from Royville.
Ladies and children haircutting at domi
cile L.P. Bagarry.
Read The Gazette to-day, go to church
to-morrow and then talk municipal progress
to your neighbors.
Dr. H. P. Guilbeau, and Misses Gabrielle
Thomas, Ermide Martin and Malou Guil
beau were pleasant visitors of ours last Sa
turday.
When too late the people of this town will
probably awake to the realization of the
fact that a well organized fire department is
a crying need.
If you wish to enjoy good and interesting
reading matter send for a copy of Kate Field's
Washington, or you can secure it through
his office.
The crops between Lafayette and Cade
along the line of the Southern Pacific rail
road are in splendid condition and are grow
ing finely.
Broussardville and vicinity must indeed
be a great egg and poultry region. No less
than 75 empty egg boxes were put out by
the express company at that place last Sun
day.
When you need any kind of printing The
Gazette would he pleased to have you look
over the samples in the office. We are con
ilent we can suit you in price and work
manship.
Probably the only growing camphor tree
in the State except the one in Horticultural
Hall at Audubon Park, New Orleans, is to
be found on Father Forge's premises in this
town.
Mr. Edward Hebert, has accepted the
agency of the popular Anhenser-Busch beer
and he is now serving it ice-cold at his sa
loon, at 5 cents a glass. He extends a gen
eral invition to call.
Another train of mongolians, in bond,
destined for Cuba passed through Sunday.
At the rate they are going intoCuba it won't
be long before the island will be overrun
with chinamen.
The Gazette was pained to learn Monday
of the illness of Mr. A. C. Ordway, the edi
or of the Advertiser. He left Wednesday
for New Orleans, and we hope he will soon
return in good health.
The altar in the Catholic church of Lafa
yette is one of the handsomest in the State.
It's striking simplicity--a pure white, with
a running streak of gold together with a few
dazzling religious.statuaries, form the sole or
namentation, constituting a magnificent
rensrnemble, beautiful to behold and reverent
to contemplate.
If anything the Southern Cultivator for
May is the most interesting number yet is
sued. This splendid publication, replete
with matter that forms a complete text book
on farming should be in the hands of every
farmer in the parish. The Gazette will get
it for you a whole year for go cents.
One of the prettiest laid out flowe rgardens
around is the one at the railroad
station house near Broussardville. The pret
ty flowers in bloon and the bed of young
growing china trees are especially attractive.
We compliment the owner on his admirable
We received agreable visits this week from
our friends, R. E. Cunningham, the hand
some young editor of the Rayne Ranger, and
jovial Welman Bradford, a promiment and
hustling business man from the same burg.
They are at home in The Gazette office.
A certain young lady not a hundred miles
away having no further use for them, for
Sobvious reasons, is now stuffing her pillow
with her old love letters. More then like
ly the pillow will be soft.
Last week pork was selling for $2o a bar
sel and cotton for abqet 6 cents a pound.
Is it not about time for our farmers to u'
derstand that this is an object lesson
which they should heed, especially since
they could raise their own pork with so little
elruble and cxpensc?
Rev. Father Healy is in Houston.
Never let the opportunity to put in a good
word for your town escape.
Affidavits were sworn out against J. Danos
and Lr Stoltz, for'false registering and ille
gal voting. Both pa ties have been arres
ted and released on a $too bond each.
Cash Item, is a handsome horse, a brother
to Maud S, and has a reeord, 'as a
trotter, of 2:32, although he has covered a
mile in s2sng This beautiful horse can be
seen at the stable of Mr. E. Constantila
Our friend, Mr. Albert Delahoussaye, is
having a neat fence erected on his premises,
which, when furished, will greatly- eabell
he the already pretty surroundings.
Dr. A. Mayer, assistant quarsative 'phy
sician was in Lafayette this week shaking
hands with his numerrus friends. The Doc
tor is looking in fine health.
To the farmers of Lafayette: Have you
ever thought over the fact "that should you
put in just about half the labor that your
Western neighbor does, that you would be
well off in this world's goods in a few years ?
Civic pride, unity of achtqn, intelligent
discussion, are elements essential to the pro
gress of any community. With these and
keeping everlasting at it must bring results,
which will be fruitful of prosperity.
The Gazette senior made flying a trip to St.
Martinville Sunday, and was pleased to note
the many evidences of prosperity in the old
town, particularly noticeable is the strik
ing Fournet brick building whereon the
furnishing touches are being put.
The Gazette was glad to meet its young
friend P. E. Broussard' Tuesday. Paul has
resigned a very lucrative position in New
Iberia to try his chances in New Orleans,
wisely thinking that a city offers better ap
opportunities for him to ascend the ladder of
position and wealth.
Feilx E. Voorhies, after some weeks em
ployment in the wild and woolly Brazos bat
toms of Texas, at Sugarland plantation, re
turned home Monday. Felix gives a vivid
description of the toughness of the place.
and we don't blame him for wishing to leave
a country with such surroundings. After
all, no place like Louisiana.
It must have been the tail end of the de
vastating cyclone sweeping the Southwestern
part of the country that struck Lafayette
Monday night. The wind blew furiously.
the flashing and blinding lightning followed
by roaring peals of thunder and a heavy
downpour of rain, kept up with pitiless mo
notony during the greater part of the night.
Thursday evening young Alfred Voorhies
with the two little girls Of Mr. Labe, were
out buggy riding and met with an accident;
they met a runaway team, which frightened
their horse, and he made a dash. In mak
ing a sharp turn aronnd a corner, the buggy
tilted low, and the girls either fell or jumped
out, fortunately without receiving a scratch.
The horse was finally subdued, and no dam
age done.
Drs. J. D. Trahan, F. R. Tolson and F.
J. Mouton attended the meeting of the Atta
kapas Medical Association at New Iberia
Tuesday. The following officers were
elected to serve for the ensuing term: presi
dent, Dr. J. D. Trahan; vice-president,
Dr. F. King; secretary and treasurer,
Dr. M. Tarlton; annual orator, Dr. F. J.
Mouton. The next meeting of the Associa
tion will be held in Lake Charles.
The following ladies and gentlemen spent
Sunday at Jefferson island: Mesdames Leon
Plonsky and B. Falk, Misses Rose and
Louis Bendel, Gussie and Lina Plonsky and
Emma Falk, Messrs. B Falk, Leon Plonsky,
Manuel Pellerin, Albert Theall and Edv ard
Pellerin. Fishing, seining, and sailing were
some of the sports indulged in, and the party
returned in the evening delighted with the
day's outing.
It having reached our ears that a project
was on foot looking toward the building of
a branch railroad from Lafayette to Breaux
Bridge, by the Southern Pacific company
providing certain inducements were granted
by the people along the proposed route, The
Gazette started out on an investigating tour.
A call was made on Judge Pa rkerson, and
inquiry made as to the truth of the rumor,
and the judge answered that he know noth
ting of the matter, and as he is the represen
tative of the company, we were satisfied
that we had run down an idle rumor.
It is not often that a corporation is so for
tunate as to possess in office a set of gentle
men so well equipped for the duties to
which they have been called, as were recent
ly elected by the people of the town
ofCarencro. The chief executive officer
Mr. D. A. Dimitry, is a gentleman of intel
ligence, fine discernment and possesses a real
regard forhis town. Associated with him are
as intelligent a body of men as can be found
anywhere and it goes without saying that
Carencro's interests are placed in hands that
will leave nothing undone to advance her
prosperity. We compliment the people on
their wise selection.
Last Saturday fire destroyed the resi
dence of Mr. John Bowen. Hardly any
thing was saved. The fire originated in
the kitchen and when discovered had gaied
such headway that it could not be put out
with the means at hand. So, all the large
crowd present could do was to look on and
see the devouring flames sweeping every
thing away. Will the people of the town
heed the lesson taught by this fire, and get
together and organize a fire department?
Now is the time to act.
The fig crop is very promising.
In passing sentence upon the several par-'
ties convicted at the last term of court, the
judge used a word in a sense that appears
rather singular to us: "-- fSo i,lusive
of cost, in default to be 5IS days in jail."
Italics are ours. Instead of making the
word itnclusive the very reverse of the word
exclusive it is in this case synonimous. We
do not qiestion its meaning in law as em
ployed in the illustration above, but simply
ask if it is any wonder that the ordinary lay
mind gets badly confused when confronted
with the application of ordinary words after
being engrafted in the law books ?
Something Shoual4 BH Done.
A gentleman who served on the jury in
the Kerlegon case, which was locked up
three days and two nighlts, stated to The
Gazette that while the food was all that
could be desir ed, tho, livipg outside of the
town endured much Ineon enience trom the
want of bedding, although-when allowed the
privilege of the court-room it was not near
as bad as when locked up in one of the low
er rooms, and that the parish should, in
cases like this, furnish cots to the jury-men;
that, as it is at present, being kept in du
rance vile to decide matters of momentous
issue, they are forced to sit up without
proper rest through the long and tedious
nights, or snatch whatever sleep they
can in cat-naps on hard benches, tables or
floor, without pillows, mattrasses or blank
ets, and it is decidedly uncomfortable. The
Gazette believes there is room for improve
ment in this direction.
The unicidpal Election.
One of the closest sad most hotly con
tested elections in the annals of the town of
Lafayette occurred last Monday. The fol
lowing tickets were voted for, and we add
the number of votes cast for each name, al
so reproduce the wording of the title of each
ticket:
Democratic Afenicipal Tickel.
For Mayor, Julian Mouton.............3.......... 36
For Coulicilmen, F. Demanade................ 40
Fred, Mouton......................14o
Alf. Bonnet................. 38
J. Hannen... ...................138
F. C. Triay........................137
A. Hebert....................... 37
H. Church........................136
AMunicipal Tirket.
For Mayor, Wm. Campbell................143
For Councilmen, J. N. Satterfield............ 46
A. Caillonet......................4
J. O. Mouton...........14........
A. Cayard..........................139
A. Martin.........................138
A. Clause ..........................137
Wm. Guchereau ................137
The face of the returns show the election
of Wm. Campbell, for mayor; and J. N.
Satterfield, A. T. Caillouet, J. O. Mouton,
F. Demagade, Fred Mouton, and A. Cayard
for councilmen, and a tie between A. Martin
and Alt. Bonnet, being five from what is
commonly known as the Vigneaux ticket,
including the mayor; and two form the
ticket commonly known as the Bradley
ticket, and one tie. We heard that a cont
est has been filed on the grounds of illegal
voting.
Lost !
A gold bracelet with pearls, the property
of Miss Stella Trahan. Finder will please
return to the -owner, or to the office of The
Gazette.
Sentences Pronounced.
Judge Allen passed sentences on the fol
lowing parties convicted at the recent ses
sion of court:
Jules Baptiste, Marcel Baptiste, Anatole
Breaux, Edgar Doucet, Jack Foreman and
Jos. Dolze, carrying concealed weapons,
$2o fine and costs or 30 days in jail.
Frank Robertson, assault and battery,
plead guilty, Szo fine or tw3 months in jail.
Jules Sauve, violation of labor contract,
-to fine anl costs or t5 days in jail.t
Eraste Domond, larceny, a years in the
penitentiary.
Constant Trca, discharging pistol on pub
lic highway, Izo fine and costs or 15 days
in parish jail.
Thomas Doyle, violation of labor contract,
3 days in jail from March 30.
Leopold Guidry, assault and battery,
$6o fine or 6 months in jail.
Louis Judice, carryiug concealed weapons,
s~5 fine and costs or 15 days in jail.
Frank Riddle, conspiracy to murder, bond
fixed at $50.
Mistrial entered in the case of Kerlogan
for rape and bond fixed at $35oo.
Irwin Meaux, murder, qualified verdict,
life sentence in the State penitentiary.
Willie Foreman, manslaughter, sentenced
to penitentiary for 19 years and to .py a
fine of 20o.
In passing sentence upon the two latter
Judge Allen spoke in feeling terms, portray
ing vividly the enormity of their crimes, of
the sympathy entertained for their imme
diate familiar, and plainly showed that he
was performing an obligatory, but painful
duty.
Meaux has been married just about one
month, and Willie Forman has a young wife
and baby. Both are young men under
the ages of thirty.
Camencro News.
From Our Regulaur Correspondent.
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau went to New Orleans
asfew dayt since to purchase a large stock of
goods. Hlie now occupies the large store
building recently vacated by G. H. Guilbeau.
Dr. W. W. Lessly and family returned
home last Wednesday week, from Leesboro,
where they had been a couple of weeks.
Mr. Ludovic Guilbeau, Carencro's "cham
pionflsherman"' while fishing at Bayou St.
Claire a few days ago, landed s8o perch in
i8o minutes. His companion Mr. Odon
Guidry caught 13a in the same length of
time. This is a record hard to beat.
Mr. O. P. Guilbeau, justice of the peace
and notary public, has made arrangements to
accept for collection drafts, bills and ac
counts. He intends to give this branch of
business his personal and prompt attention.
-*.
Our local board of trustees have decided:
with the assistance of the friends of the Car
encro school, to make many needed and im
portant improvements in the school-building
and grounds. *
Mr. Marc Lazaro and brother, of Ville
Platte, were in town last week visiting rela
tives.
-'Bourbon Jr." the fine horse purchased
by Mr. A. C. Guilbeau from Dr. A. C. Du
rio, is a handsome blood bay, with black
points. He is fully u6 hands high, lenghty, i
but very symmetrically formed, fine head
and ear, large bone and heavy muscle. Mr.
Guilbeau is very proud of his purchase, and
has good reasons for being so.
A number of our people went to Opelou
ass Iust Su!nday with the excursion party.
Mess~rs. Raoul Jeanmard, of Houma, and
TLouis Veazey, of Ne l.berie to10k edyav.
tage of the excursion to spend a few hours
with relatives here.
There is considerable improvements going
on in the way of whitewashing and painting
fences and buildings in the south end of
town. Let the good work continue.
Last Sunday's edition of the Times Demo
crat contained the first part of the biotraphy
of the Mouton family. It will no doubt
prove very interesting and instructive to all
who would like to learn the ancestry of a
family that has frnished so many bright
minds to the commercial and literary world,
as well as the higher professionss
At the municipal election held here last
Monday the following ticket was elected:
mayor. D. A. Dimitry ; Councilmen, Dr. T.
W. Courtney, Dr. J. P. Francez, Saule
Broussard, A. Cheffer, and Henry Crouchet
Railroad men deserve the credit of being
the most charitable men in the world. When
ever misfortune befalls any of their compan
ions, they are always more than willing to
contribute their mite, or do all in their pow
er to render assistance.
Archbishop Jannsens will visit Carencro
on June the ad. when a grand reception will
be tendered him.-. TODromz VEaaas.
Poliee Jury Proceediugs.
LArVATrT, LA., May t, 1893.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session, with the following members present:
W. B. Torian, C. C. Brown, H. M. Darke,
R. C. Landry, A. D. Landry Ford Hoff
puir and A. A. Delhomme. Absent: J. G.
St. Julien.
The reading of the minutes was post
poned until next meeting,.
Mr. Torian, on behalf of the committee
appointed to effect an adjustment with
Messrs. Gerac Bros., relative to a certain
portion of the Lafayette and- Duson public
road, in dispute, reported that the commit
tee had reached no final agreement but
would recommend that the amonnt be al
lowed; whereupon the following was adopted:
Resolved, T hat the sum of $533.80 be and
is hereby ordered paid to Messrs. Gerac
Bras., in consideration of the withdrawal of
the suit now pending against the parish and
and the transfer to the parish of that certain
portion of Lafayette and Duson public road,
in dispute, reported that the committe had
reached no final agrement, but would recom
mend that the amount demanded by Messrs.
Gerac Bras, be allowed; whereupon, the fol
lowing was adopted:
Resolve4 That the sum of $133,80 be
and is hereby ordered paid to Messrs. Gerac
Brothers. in consideration of the withdrawal
of the suit now pending against the parish
and the transfer to the parish of that certain
portion of the Lafayette and Duson public
road, embracing I4 arpents in length, and
being the property of the said Gerac Bro.
thers.
Mr. Torian also reported that Father
Forge had consented to transfer a plat of
ground in the Catholic cemetery, forty feet
square, to be used as a potter's field. It
was then resolved that the sum of $1o.oo
be appropriated for the purchases of said.
plat of ground and a similar amount be re
quested of the city council of Lafayette.
Mr. Torian was authorized to represent the
parish in the formal transfer of the said pro
perty.
Mr. Brown reported that he had conferred
with the authorities of St. Landry in regard
to the extension of the bridge at Ovide Gui
dry's, and that the costs of said extension
would amount to $650oo or $7o.oo. Under
pressure of other business, action on the re
port was deferred.
Mr. Torian, as a member of the auditing
committee, reported that inasmuch as the
duties of the committee, of late, had been
very light, it would probably be desirable
that the committee should be abolished.
after discussion of the subject, it was unani
mously agreed that the committee be con
tinued.
Permission was granted unto Prof. Knapp
to construct a railroad across the public
roads, in the 6th ward, on a line between
Huron plantation, St. Martinsville and Car
encro station.
Mr. Delhomme requested an appropria
tion for Emerenthe Bonin, indigent, but the
appropriation was refused.
Dr. A. Gladu, coroner and parish physi
cian, here appearing, asked that after the
expiration of his present contract, in June,
that he be allowed an increase of salary for
his services; whereupon it was resolved that
the sum of $350 per annum be allowed Dr.
Gladu for the remaining three years of his
term of office.
By motion it was resolved that hereafter
no member of the police jury shall expend
more than $10o for any purpose. unless au
thorised so to do by resolution duly adopted.
The treasurer submitted his monthly
report as follows, ?
To the President and Afembers of the Police
fury, ParisA of Lafayette La.,
GENTLEMEi.-The following is a state
ment of the receipts and dishursments of
parish funds, since last report:
1893 DR.
April 3-To bal. on hand ...... $4,435 53
3-" cash from Tax Col
lector, licenses for '91 45 o00
S3-To cash from Tax Col
lector, licenses for 'g9 , 5o
s so-To cash from Tax Col
lector, taxes collected
in March............ 284 62
s o--To cash from Tax Col
lector, licenses collec'd
in March............... . 80 oo
$4,945 65
5893 CR. -
April 3-By cash 6 per cent com.
Tax Collt'r on licenses a 25
" ro--By eash 5 per cent com.
Tax Collector on taxes 34 23
*" IO-By cash 5 pr cent com.
Tax Collt'ron licenses g oo
Saz-By cosh Blanch Martin
Feeding Jurors........ .. 5o oo
, 9---By cash on jurors
certficates ............ . 322 80o
S9-ag-By cash on witness
certificates............ g9t 4o
" ag--By cash on approved
orders................ ,773 4C9
May x, 193, To bal. on. hand $2,683 48
Respertfully submitted,
Ww. Cs.ao, Parish Treas, .
Lafayette, La., May , 5'893.
The following account was laid over:
A. L. LeBlanc, sheriff's fees...... 506 So
The following accounts were approved:
H. Billaud, feeding prisoners.... S|44 a5
Dr. A. Gladu, expert testimony.. so o0
Dr. A. R. Trahan, expert testim'y to o8
Gord Hofipauir, build'g bridge, etc 56 97
E. H. Vordenbaumen lumber.... art 7
Moss & Mouton, lumber......... 46 iS
J. E. Bonin, nails............... a 95
Blanch Martin, feeding juries .... aII oo
Felix Bernard, road overseer.... 30 00o
John H. Landry ' , .... 3o oo
There being no further business, the po
lice jury adjourned.
W. B. TorTIAN, President.
R. C. GtEIG, Secretary.
nOTICB.
The presidents enp secretaries of the various sub
Union of the parish of Lafayette. are requested to
meet the oflicers of the Parish Union in Lafayette.
lMay 6, 1893. at ,o a. m. A full attendanceisdesired.
V. E. DUPUIS, President.
, WV. h'jdorr Secretary.
CRYSTAL LESES
wsa.. a5.5.
alit irst a AlwrW.
J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celebrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
factory of Kellam & Moore, the
only complete optical plant in the
south, Atlanta, Ga.
S. Georgiades,
Manufacturer of high grade can
dies, of every kind, and makes a
a specialty of the
"BOSS CHEWING CANDY"
and especially the "BOSS CHOCO
LATE CHEWING CANDY."
Grand Opening Sunday
OF MY
ICE CREAM PARLOR,
where choice Ice Cream, delicious
Lemonades, etc., will always be
kept.
Orders for parties, weddings, etc.,
filled at short notice. He also
handles tobacco, cigars, cigarettes,
etc., and his establishment is on
Main street.
THE ARENA,
Table of Contents for the May number.
Frontispiece, Louise Chandler Moulton.
American School of Culture, by Wm. O.
Partridge.
Evolution of Christianity prior to Dr. Ab
bott, by Prof. Orello Cone, D. D.
Women Wage-Earners, by Helen Camp
bell.
Suicides and Modern Civilization, by Fred
erick L. Hoffman.
How to introduce the Initiative and refer
endum, by W. D. McCrackan, A. M.
Railway Tariffs, by James F. Cowles.
Some Economic Features of Public Libra
ries, by Tessa L. Kelso.
Industrial Schools in the Netherlands, by
Myra L. Dooley.
The Brotherhood of Christian Unity, by
Theo. F. Seward.
Practical Theosophy, by Kate Buffington
Davis.
Four Strange, True Stories, by Louise
Chandler Moulton.
In the Tribunal of Literary Criticism.
Closing argument for defendant and plain
tiff, by Hon. Ignatius Donnelly and Prof.
Fellx E. Schetling.
The Answered Prayer, by Gerald Massey.
Editorials, Book Reviews. etc.
Single Numbers, 5oc. Per Annum, $5
THE ARENA,
Copley Square, Boston, Mass
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A. M. ARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.
The "Old Taylor" is the best
Whiskey that experience, skill and
expenditure can produce. It is the
perfection of distillation from grain.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YETTE.-No. 3815.
jas. J. Thomas vs. Frank Richter.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and Ale, issued from
the Honorable Judge of the slth Judicial District
Court. in and for said Parish. State of Louisiana. in
the above entitled and numbered cause, and to me
directed. I have seised and will offer for sate. at pub
lic auction. to the lest and hisihest bidder, at the
residence of Hush Hutchinson sn the second ward
oethe parish of Lafayette. State of Louisiana, on
Saturday, May 20, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following discribed
property, to-wit:
Lot No. Lwo six-feet Dearing Reapers and bind
era, both with their tools, and one set of canvas.
Lot No. 2. One old reaper and binder (broken)
without canvas. eveners or neck yoke or tools.
Lot No. 3. One old broken, binder, with canvas. I
chains or tools.
Lot Noa. 3. Two second-hand cassidy plows.
Lot No. s. One Giang Hapgood plow.
Lot No. 6. Two second-hand Clark Cutaway har
Lot No 7. (One second-hand Traction engine. with
water tanks trasher and straw stacker, wiash lots of
tools.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
Estray Notice
The undersigned has taken up an estray
sorrel horse branded with the figure 5 with
a dash above it.
Owner is requested to come forward and
get same, proving property and paying
costs. W. B. CLARK.
Duson, April a22, 1893.
FOR SALE.
Valuable Town Lots.
Lots Nos. 54, 195 and ar8, situated in
the Mills addition, measuring Iooxi4o feet;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E. Martin's place. Terms reason
able. For further particulars apply to
THE GAZETTE.
BOSTON.
8tandard an teslisterd.
Boston was siretld Iy aden-13aden, he by
Equity. Baden-Baden the sire of Boston is
a Kentucky derby winner. B'oston will stand
the prcsent season at Le Teche farm of Dr.
H. P, Guilbean & Son, at Itreaux Bridgc, at
$15 Cash for the seasonl, willsth return privi
lege.
We have received ths
week, another large
consignment of WALL
PAPER. Do not buy
any ready-mixed paint,
Wall Paper or Window
Shades, without first
consulting our stock.
You will find our as
sortment very com
plete and prices very
low.
MOSS BROS. & CO.
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on hand a fine line of
Watches,
Clocks,
Diamonds,
Jewelry,
Silverware.
SMITH & WESSON,
and COLT'S
PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES;
TABLE CUTTLERY;
FINE LAMPS, Etc. OR , LE Oi4tY BY
Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine and
Complicated Watches
j Orders by mail or express carefully filled.
LOCKBOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits a
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
SA. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
AT WHOLESALE and RE IL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultivators, LCotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Ltc.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLI
MILLINER Y GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Peathers, Silks,. Embroideries, Etc.
also, Ladies' and Ohildren's Shoes.._