SHE LTAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
SýVOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1894. NUMBER 1.
TWO FRIEND.
-A P heteo Story of the Siege of
.. Parle.
-"s-eolear morning in January-that
mrreible January during the siege,
""hs""n famine was knocking at the very
mates of Paris-l Morissot. ., clock
oser by trade, but rendered an idler
Sy ftorce of circumstances, was stroll
S- slowly along the outer boulevards.
I-'. with bowed head and hands thrust
deep in his pockets he walked on en
grossed in his own sad thoughts, he
auddenly stopped before a man whom
hieoecognized as an old friend. I t was
IM Saurage, whose acquaintance he
h&w-made on the river bank.
bn each Sunday before the war Nor
lssot used to set out at dawn with a
:.sboo cane in his hand and a tin box
trapped on his back. He went by the
Argenteuil railroad as far as Colombes,
and then walked to the Isle of Narante.
Sescely arrived at that dreamy place
he would begin to fish, and would stay
there till nightfall.
On each lSunday ae used to meet a
stoat. jovial fellow, iM. tauvoge, of the
Rue Notre Dame do torette, who was
also an enthusiastic fisherman. They
sfter passed a half day together. si;,
ting side by side, 'heir lines in their
hands and their feet dangling over the
current, and a friendship soon sprang
'up between them.
On some days they would not ex
change a word with one another, but
they grsw into that nerfect nnder
standing which exists between per
sona who have similar tastex and who
experience similar emotions.
The two friends shook bands cor
dially, but both felt. tinge of sadness
at meeting under such gloomy circunm
stauces. M. iau-ag sighed and mur
mared:
UWhat a condition of things:'"
Alorissot gloomily replied:
"And what fine wert her:"
They began to walk side by side and
Sorissot cunt; nued:
"And our tishing? How pleasant it is
totbiek of it!"
Mf. Sauvage drmanded:
"When shall we ever he able to go
again?"
They entered a little cafe and drank
together an absinthe and then resnued
their pro:nenade along the boulevard.
Morissot stopped suddenly:
~Another glass?"
3i. Saursage assented:
"At your pleasure." and they wont.
into another cafe. TWhen they came
out Mi. Savnage erxclnimed:
"fEupposinrg we go?"''
"Where?"
"Why, fishing, to be sure."
"But where?"
"To our old place. Th.e rranch art
vanced posts are near C'olunbes. I
know Col. rDumoulin and I am sure
that he will let us pass."
MIorissot trembled with anticipation.
"Good!" he cried. "I am with you,"
sand they parted to get their hooks and
lines.
An hour later they were walking side
by side on the b ighii ay, and soon reached
the villa in which the colonel had es
tablished his headquarters. lie smiled
at their request and good-naturedly
granted them a pass.
By eleven o'clock they had passed the
outer pickets and Columbes, and found
themselves at , the border of a small
vineyard that sloped down towards the
-Seine.
Before them lay the apparently dead
and deserted village of Argenteuil.
The heights of Orgemont and Sanneis
dominated the landscape, and the
broad plain that extends as far as
Nanterre was a picture of desolation
with its leafless trees and gray
stretches of bare earth.
hM. Saaunage pointed toward the sum
mit of the hills, and niurnured:
"The Prussians are there."
"Eh? Supposing we should meet
them?"
M. Sauvago replied n ith that Par
isian joviality which never deserted
him:
"We would offer them a fried fish."
But'still intimidated by the ominous
silence they hesitated to venture across
the feld. At length M. Sausage tide
cided: -
"Comel Come:" And stooping down
they crept through the vineyard, dodg
ing from bush to bush, straining their
eyes and ears to detect the slightest
suspicion of pursuit.
A stretch of bare ground remained to
be crossed. After a long hesitation
they summoned their courage, and run
ning at full speed attained the river
bank and concealed themselves among
the dry reeds.
Morissotlistened with his ear to the
ground for sounds of pursuit, but he
heard nothing, and upon this assurance
-of their safety they began to fish.
·Before theim the abandoned isle of
M4ante shut out the view of the op
-poasite shore. The little restaurant vwas
closed, and appeared to have been do
serted for years.
:' M. Saurage caught the first gudgeon,
.osesote the second, and from time to
tilae they pulled in their lines with a
9 wiggling on the hook.
'The sun poured its warm rays upon
h .~'and, absorbed in their pastime
I Lhad been so long denied them,
o:on became oblivious to their sur
-•al e dull sound seemed to
athe earth. The cannonade
rer sumed.
i~tl4ot turned his head. and away
t he perceived the great
------t of Mount Valarien, which
? its brow s tuft of smoke
- L O d jet of flame shot out
btrs shortly succeeded by
i-lt(nat'ion. Then others fol
'rae. at regular intervals the
nt forth its death-dealing
- -S exthaled its milky vpors,
aslowly in the calm atmos
f'ill a cloud above it;
sbrugged his shouldera
?wsbeginning again," he said.
WhO wmas anxiously watch
was suddenly seiced with
of a peaceful man whos
ed. and gamblsd:
tisfp4dtq 4uone oa psber
-~ a,- j -I -
N. Sauvage tepledi!
"They are worse than the beast!
themselves."
And Morissot. who had just pulled in
another fish, declared:
"And to think that this sort of thing
will continue as long as there are gov
ernments."
M. Sauvage stopped him.
'The republic would not have de
clared war-" but M1. Morissot inter
rupted him, saying:
"With kings you have external war;
with republics you have internal wars."
And then they began a tranquil dis
cnssion and solution of the great po
litical problems with the limited reason
of peaceful. quiet men who agree upon
the one point that they will never en
joy true liberty.
Meanwhile the thunder of Mount
Va!arien continued incessantly, at
each discharge demolishing so many
French homes and lives, rudely dis
pelling so many happy dreams, so
many anticipated pleasures, and open
ing in the hearts of women and moth
era in this and other countries wounds
which will never heal.
" Such is life," declared M. Sauvage.
"Say rather such is death." lightly
replied Morisnsot
Suddenly they trembled with fear,
realizing that some one marched be
hind them, and, turning their heads,
they saw four German soldiers cover
ing them with their muskets.
Their lines slipped from their hands
and fell into the river; and within a
few moments they were seized, bound,
throwr, :nto a boat and carried to the
island.
IBehind the house which they thought
deserted they found a squad of German
soldiers.
A bearded giant sitting astride a
chair and smo!lng a huge pipe with
porcelain bowl asked of them, in ex
cellent French:
"Well, gentlemen, have you had good
luck?"
By way of reply one of the soldiers
deptsite'l at the officer's feet the
basketful of fish which he had taken
care to brinm with him.
The Prussian smiled.
"Ah! that's not bhad. .lt another
thing first. Iisten:
'To ime you are two spies sent to
watch nme. I take you, and I shall
shoot you. You pretend to be fishing
in order to observe me the better. You
have fallen into my hands-so much
the worse for you. Such is war.
'"ut as ynu passed the advance posts
you surely have the pass word with
which to return. Tell it to r.ie and I
will release you."
The two, friends, pale and trembhiug,
their hands agitated by a slight, n~r'-
ens trembling, remained silent.
The ofdccer continued:
"'\o one will ever know it. You will
return in peace. The secret will dis
appear with you. 'To refuse is immcedi
ate death. Choose."
The two friends made no reply.
The Prussian calmly said while point
ing towards the river:
"'Think that in five minutes you will
be at the bottom of that stream. In
five minutes. You have families?"
The two friends stood rigidly erect
and made no reply. The German gave !
a few orders in his own language, and
then moved his chair in order not to be
too near the prisoners. Twelve men
with loaded muskets then placed them
selves at a distance of twenty feet.
The officer continued:
"I will give you one minute-not a
second more."
lie arose and brusquely approached
the two Frenchmen. Taking Morissot
by the arm he led him a short distance
away and said in a low voice:
"Quick, the pass word. Your com
rade will never know."
Itorissot made no reply.
The Prussian then took Sauvage
aside and made the same proposal to
him.
M. Sauvage made no reply.
They again found themselves side by
side.
The officer gave a command, and the
soldiers raised their arms.
By chance, Morissot's glance fell upon
the basket of fish lying on the ground
a few paces away. The shining scales
of the still living fish sparkled in the
sunlight. In spite of himself his eyes
filled with tears and he stammered:
"Good-by, M. Sauvage."
Nl. Sauvage responded:
"Good-by, lf. Morissot."
They shook hands. The officer cried:
"Fire:"
The twelve reports rang out like one.
M. Sauvage fell like a block. Morissot,
who was taller, wavered; turned and
fell across his companion, face up
wvards, a flood of blood rushing from
his breast.
The German gave a new order,
whereupon his men marched, away,
but returned presently with cords and
stones, which they attached to the
feet of the corpses.
Two soldiers took MIorissot by the
head and feet and bore him to thed
river, and two others followed withl
Sauvage. The bodies, poised for an in
stant, were thrown into the stream
and, describing a curve as they fell,
plunged feet foremost into the current.
The irater foamed and boiled and
then became calm, while a few little
waves reached as far as the shore. The
surface was slightly stained with blood.
The officer, still serene and unruffed,
quietly remarked:
"Now it is the turn of the fishes."
Then, turning toward the house, he
noticed the basket of fish on the grass
He picked it uip, examined it, smiled
and cried:
"'WilhelmI"
A soldier wearing a white apron ran
upat his call, and the Prussian; throw
ing the fish to him, commanded:
"Fry these for me while they are still
ai.v They Will be delicious"
Then he resumed his pipe.-From
lWaupasant, translated by Arthur A.
Folsom for Boston Budget.
-Mendicant (to aotor)-"Wvould you
oblige a brother professional with a
trifle to get some food? I used to be in
the business myself - coutotionist."
Acor (givingquarter)r-"Well, hr you
weea-tortwuaht "i-VFote VFlA's aWat-h*
)B"St
THE TA" MFF AND WAGES.
halsO Alarm of Lonopellstie Amerilea
Manufaceturers.
From marry quarters we healr d fe
ductions of wages lii inianrufactirnn*
establishtilents. and froni more we
hear threats of reduction in case the
Wilson bill becomes law. The reduc
tions which hafe actually been made
are the results of the business depres
sion, which is due primarily to the
panic of last summer and the inevitably
slow and painful process of recovery;
The threatened reductionrs are vocifet
ously declared to be the becessary re
suit of the lower duties. For twenty
years it has been preached add fdO
claimed that a high tariff makes wages
high, and that a low tariff means a re
dbction of wages to the pauper limit
of Europe. We are told that now we
shall have the proof of the pudding in
the eating. What is the truth of the
matter?
The notion that the general high
range of wages in the tiiited States is
due to the high protective systehi is
really one of the most preposterous of
the many preposterous ideas on eco
homic subjects which have had vogue
in this country. The readdr wbh Will
look in the hooks on political economy
to see what they have to say about
w-ages and about the causes which
make then high and low will find
plenty of difference of opinion on this
topic among the economists; but the
one thing he will not find any reptut
able writer to say is that the protectit-e
system makes wages high or that a
free-trade system makes them low. If
the books are supposed to be the works
of abstract theorists, who keep far
from the realities of life, we need only
regard a few simple and obvious facts
of history to discover that a high tariff
cannot be the cause of high watges
This country has tried almost every
sort of tariff systemr beginning in t7809
with duties which the protectionists of
our day would consider outrageously
low, and ending a century later in the
McKinley tariff act, with duties which
the free-trader considers outrageously
high. Throughout all the vacillations
of tariff policy* under revenue tariffs
and moderate tariffs and extreme tar
iffs, wages here have been steadily
higher than in European countries.
The simple explanation is that this is a
country of rich and abundant resources.
developed by an active, energetid and
ingenious people, in which the great
productiveness of industry insures a
high range of material welfare. Wages
with us are high from permanent and
abiding causes, and, fortunately, do
not depend on tariff legislation or any
other artificial prop.
With this it is not inconsistent to ad
mit freely that-the w.ages of some par
ticular classes of laborers, in some
limited groups of manufacturing indus
tries, may l,e seriously affected by the
duties. The high duties of the last
generation have forced into existence
some industries in which the efficiency
of labor an-i capital is not up to the
general average, and in which the
manufacturer who pays high wages to
his workmen is not compensated by
their greater skill, energy and produc
tiveness. In industries of this sort the
free competition of foreign producers,
paying lower wages, would compel
either a reduction of wages or an
abandonment of the industry. Where
there is really such a connection be
tween the duties and high wages every
one would say that congress should
proceed with the utmost care, and
should not expose to a sudden reversal
of fortune or a sudden change of occu
pation the workmen whom our tariff
legislation has induced to enter into
weak-kneed industries. The same is
true of the capital embarked in them.
Vested rights should receive their due
consideration. We believe they have
received their due consideration in the
WVilson bill. There may be reductions
that go beyond the danger-line in some
particular duties; but have we notbeen
authoritatively told that even the AMc
Kinley bill made a mistake or two?
The common-sense and the political in
terest of the democrats may betrusted
to prevent them from making changes
that promise to he really destructive;
and the testimony of the protected
manufacturers as to the effect of duties
must be received with the same allow
ances as the pleading of a lawyer for
his client.
But the number of shaky and de
pendent industries, as compared with
the whole manufacturing system, is
insignificant; and in any case there is
no threat of free_ competition from
abroad. From the clamor which has
been raised it might be supposed that
the Wilson bill gave up all protective
duties entirely, and that all foreign
goods were going to come in on easy
terms. The fact is that the Wilson
bill is a careful and conservative.meas
ure, and that the duties, even as re
duced, stil leave a large margin ot pro
tection for the domestic manufacturer.
It must be remembered, too, that the
temptation to make partisan capital
out of reductions and threats of reduc
tions of wages is one of the many bad
results of that unfortunate alliance of
politics and manufacturing which has
marked the history of the last ten
years. The manufacturer who objects
to the Wilson bill because it will cut
dovn his profits or compel him to in
troduce economies and improve his
methods to meet foreign competition is
likely to proclaim that he will reduce
wages, just as he will virtually compel
his operatives to sign petitions against
the tariff bill, all with the hope of
staving off the inevitable Yo doubt,
too, many manufacturers are in good
faith fearful of the consequences of the
proposed measure. They have been
told for years that their business de
pends upon the tariff, and that they
cannot pay their wages unless bolstered
up by the tariff. They are fearful and
uncertain of what may happen, and
they join in the general alarm. Under
these conditions the thing to do is to
pass the tariff act with all possible
speed, and get the element of uneer
lainty out of the way. WVhen this is
done it will appear that the cry of
wolf has been raised for naught, and
that the labor of the couaty is in no
danger from a loosgiaR of the banda
which have fettosr Otes itndustry nt
w-r;se,-ru'.-er'- W. ht- -
BTEVENS' DON QUIXOTE AOT.
What an Autaorltt on laternatlosal Latw
farsarf Hime,
rie of the points most hotly hpe.
ieinid for oy the defenders of Mr.
Stevens is that he only gave his recog
nition of the provisional government.
as the de facto government of the
islands, after the committee of public
safety had taken possession of the gov
ernment buildings, archives and treas
tiry, ahd after the provisional govern
tient had been Installed at the heads of
these tr'sp~ctise departments. Possi
bly this may be true; .although very
strong evidence to the contrary is of
fered. It is possible that Mr. Stevens
may have actually deferred recognition
of the provisional government until
such occupation of the public buildings,
but that does not seem to be the only,
or indeed the important, question in
the case. If by hii action he coerced
the feeble administratioti of the queen
to Pi~d Ut1 its power and to succumb
befote the aithority of the tUnited
States; then to argue that he should es
cape criticism because of this delay is
simply pettifogging: The exprtesio,
may be harsh, but it is the only prbper
one. The truth seems to be that he
had arranged the matters with the in
surrectionists; that he had given them
his promise; that the soldiers had been
landed; that the moral forces at his
command were used and the physical
forces held ready for action, and when,
under these combined Influences, the
goverfiment resigned, he appeared tot
the first time formally to recognize an
administration of his own creation.
But even this attempt at palliation is
disposed of by Judge Dole, a gentleman
in whom MIr. Stevens places the high
est confidence, and whose veracity he
must be the lest rman in the world to
Imtpeich. .fudge Dole Vrtites 6r Janrt
ary 17. 1893. the very day on which Mr.
Stevens had refused any longer to re
gard Mr. Parker and others as minis
ters, and says:
"I acknowledge receipt of your
valued communication of this day ree
ognizing the Hlawaiian provisional gov
ernment, and express deep apprecia
tiOtt of the sarrie. We have conferred
with the ministers of the late gdvern
ment, and have made demand upon the
marshal to surrender the station house.
We are not actually yet in possession
of the station house; blt as night is a1p
proaching, and our forces may be in
suficient to maintain order, we request
the immediate support of the United
States forces," etc.
We must leave this highly respect
able man, Judge Iole, to reconcile his
statement with Mr. htevens' declara
tion. If Judge Dole was telling the
truth, at a time when there was no
reason why he should dissemble or din
regard it, he was not in possession of
the station house at the time when he
was thanking Mr. Stevens for his rec
ognition of the provisional govern
ment. Until these two gentlemen have
settled this question, it must be as
sumed, with all the probabilities in
favor of the assumption, that Mr.
Stevens had actually, as he certainly
had in intent, promoted, encouraged,
aided and abetted the insurrection.
The downfall of the monarchy may
or may not be a desirable event, the
queen may or may not be what her en
emies charger Judge Dole and his asso
ciates may absorb in themselves all the
cardinal and other virtues, but it is dif
ficult for an impartial man to escape
the conviction that whatever good,
whatever credit and whatever praise
may attach to the downfall of Queen
Liliuokalant belongs mainly to Mr.
Stevens. Judge Dole and other excel
lent gentlemen may have a just claim
to a small part of the success, but the
chief actor is undoubtedly Mr. Stevens.
Truly he did it; and if it be part of the
occupation of United States envoys to
act the part of international Don
Quixotes, to use their office and their
power to subvert governments that do
not suit their tastes, and to arrange
new establishments more to their own
liking, he has earned the gratitude of
his countrymen. In the meanwhile,
his zealous efforts have made it impera
tire upon our people to decide how far
they will ratify his acts, thereby estab
lishing precedents which are very sure,
if followed, to relieve our international
relations from the reproach of being
tame or monotonous. -F. R. Coudert,
in North American Review.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
- Speaker Crisp is not so brash in
the matter of counting quorums as ex
Speaker Reed is in furnishing the pro
vocation. The Reed rules still lie
moldering in the crypt.-Boston Her
ald.
-Assistant Secretary Reynolds de
cides that a soldier, while hunting for
pleasure, is not entitled to a pension.
That is sense, and it is a pity that any
of President IHarrison's assistants
ever held otherwmse. -BuffEalo Express
(Rep.).
-The republican members of con
gress are doing what they can to post
pone consideration of the tariff bill.
They are using the extreme resort of
preventing a quorum. They cannot
depend upon reason to accomplish
their ends for the reasons are aU favor
able to democratic purposes--Albany
Argus.
-The small politiciansin Washing
ton who would like to drive tresham
out of President Cleveland's cabinet
make poor headway in this business
There happens to be a great obstacle in
their way, vis., Cleveland himself, who
partially bears in mind just how un
friendly these political intriguers have
been to him from the start-Boston
Transcript (Rep.).
----At last we have evidence that
McKinley did learn Mtnething, after
all, from the terrible beating his party
got under his leadership in 1890 and
1892. In his recent message to the
Ohio legislature, he warned the major
ity that it would be held by the people
to strict accountability. He said "'it
should keep the expenses safely within
the revenues," evidently having in
mind the awful blunder he and bli
party made in congress in bankrupting
the treasury. "There should be no in.
crease in the rate of taxation," he add
ed, as though to say: "'Take warnlng
by au and mSy bill and avoid tse ita
thes qurteael aAeA"-N. Y. '' ee
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
--The name most whispered as the
rBironies. caiididate -oi jidpe to suci
tced Leo XIll. is Monsigndre Domiilied
Jacobini. the papal nuncio in Lisbon.
-A wheelbarrow which was pre
sented to the Salvation Army in an
English town is used to take the cot
leetion in, and the novelty secures quite
Ihfge ctintfibtittions.
--The mayor of t'otonto claitms that
in the recent vote on Sunday street I
cars the majority of 1,000 against them
-oiuld have been 5.000 but for "person
ations" of the dead and absent and de
layed citizens on the polling list.
-Bishop Daniel Alexander Payne,
who died recently at Wilberforce. 0.,
was the oldest bishop the Methodist
church has ever had, either in age or
in length of service. He was born in
Charleston, S. C., February 24, 1811.
--Tile new bishop of Massachusetts,
Dr-. Lawrence, resides dri Common=
wealth avenue, Boston, and just around
the corner is the former home of his
predecessor, the late Bishop Brooks,
which is occupied by Dr. Donald, the
new rector of Thi-iiity.
--The average nuimiber bft students
In the reading-roomn of the jiritish
museum is 651 each day. The attend
ance in the library and sculpture gal
lery has been less this year than usual,
but the number of visitors to the mu
seum shows an increase of 50,000 dyer
last year·
--The librar tof Syi-actitae university
is receiving valuable additions dvery
month. So far during this college
y-ear 1.11i volumes and 1,679 pamphlets
have been ,added. Among ,these is in
cluded the small scientific library of
tihe late 1)r. .. G. Brown, for many
years professor of chemistry and phys
ics in the iuniversity.
-The annual award of the prizes
given by the Engineering News of
New York city, for the best theses sub
mitted 1b," students graduating from
any engineering school in America has
jiu-t. been announced. The first prize
ces to t A-o gradutes from Dartmouth
college, II. B. Abbott and Edwin J.
,Morrison, for a thesis on "Cement Test- I
ing.' T-he second prize was taken by
I.. IV. Clay. of Richmond. Ky., a,Cornell
--Eton college has just celebrated, I
w-ith much rejoicing, the four hundred i
anud tifty-second anniversary of its
foundation. It owes its origin to King
Ilenry- I.. hvbo provided from his own
pur:,- tme funds for the erection of the
buildings, endowed the school, framed
Schairter for it, and, in order that it
,sho,ul'l not lack echolars, caused thir
I.---i-e of the Winchester boys to he
trianmsferred to Eton. The college
buildings., which were erected in 1440,
;r" still in a wonderful state of preser
vation.
-The late Bishop Brooks, wshose "'Ser
nious l'reached in English Churches" is
one of the best-known volumes, is to
lhave a memorial in St. Margaret's,
Wes tminster, the official church of the
house of commons. The memorial will
very likely take the form of a window.
worthy to rank beside the Raleigh and
Milton windows, both of which have
been erected by Ameribans.. Close to
the side of the abbey is St. Margaret's
church, a little Westminster in itself,
so illustrious are the dead who lie
horied within the church's venerable
-wlls. The rector of St. Margaret's is
Archldeacon Farrar, who was one of the
learned bishop's most intimate friends.
----The Presbyterian church in Paris
has emerged victorious from a pro
tracted legal conflict with the city au
thorities. The French law gives Chris
tian sects a. grant from the state in
proportion to their numbers, and, in
view of the high cost of living in the
capital, an-extra sum is allowed to min
isters of religion residing in Paris for
their lodging expenses. The prefect
of the Seine refused to honor the draft
of the Presbyterian consistory, on the
ground that their balance sheet did
not prove its necessity. The church
contended that such a condition was
never contemplated by the law, and
after exhausting every legal process
the city has been compeled to pay the
sun of 170,000 francs a year, together
with arrears.
BLOOD POISONING.
Cleanliness and Care Necessary With Evemn
Trivial Wounds.
A medical paper commits itself to
the statement that many lives are lost
each year in consequence of the lack of
exercise of a little common sense re
specting simple cuts or wounds of the
hands or other parts. Several cases
have lately been recorded of inquests
relating to persons who have died from
blood poisoning arising from small cuts
on the hands. The history in all of
these cases varies but little, and is
practically the same. A man, for ex
ample, while working at his trade, or
even while carrying out the simple de
tail of cutting a piece of bread, re
ceives a small cut on the hand. The
injury is so trivial that anything
is considered good enough with
which to stop the bleeding, and, this
end having been attained, no more is
tbhoughlt of it. The small wound is left
to take care of itself, and is exposed to
all sorts of filthiness and sources of in
fection. By good luck nothing may
happen, but the public would do well
to bear in mind that from the most
trivial injury to the skin acute scepti
caemia may supervene, and may rapid
ly be followed by a fatal termination.
By thorough attention to eleanliness
the untow-ard consequences of a wound
liable to become infected can be eventu
ally prevented: on the other hand,
when the septicaemic attack has de
clared itself, as a rul, little can be
done by the surgeon to stem the viru
lence with which it develops. Itahould.
thet-efore, be borne in mind that sac
long as wounds, however smtll remain
unhealed the risk of eontracting blood
poisoning will always be pri-ent-De
troit Free Press.
His FeelingS Outral.e.
Tommie-Does your pa alvways say it
pains him when he licks you?
FroddieJ-Not always; but when I
dodge. and tbho straD tkes haim to the
j Wl I kaw It donia, TrtttI u i
AGE AND MARRIAGE,
The OlIi of To-Day Does Not wsed Until 8he
Is Nearer 28 Then is.
The observant mortal must certainly
have noticed aifionru other things that
the marrying woman of to-day defers
her wedding until a much more ad
vanced season in life than did her
grandmother, or even the girls of a de
cade ago. The question arises, what
is the cause of this putting off of
that time so many declare is the end of
all women's existence?
Perhaps mothers are more sensible
in these days and the young daughter
is UOt thrown upon the world, either
i it stcial or more workaday fash
ion, until she has had a thor
ough schooling, which means, in
these days of long terms, a
communion with books until she
is over twenty-one. The girl herself
may be wiser in her day and genera
tion and realize that gayeties and the
happy-go-lucky existence before mar
riage must of necessity come to an
end when she is led to the altar.
Then, again, this is at age of inde
pendent women. They enter the field
of labor with men and find in such oc
cupation less time for sentiment than
tvas allowed thAt lackadaisical girl of
the past. It is out earnest conviction
that many girls have bteen led into the
error of a foolish marriage through a
lack of occupation. Busy. active, in
telligent women have no time and less
inclination for the making of ro
mances. They are absorbed in art, in
music or in more humdrum occupa
tions that return an excellent re
muneration and which they are too
wise to give up until they are certain
that the man who asks them is able to
compensate for all that they put awuay
for his sake.
'Many a woman defers marriage be
eatlse she feels that her duty lies at
home in the care of an aged father or
an invalid mother or helpless brothers
and sisters who depend upon her alone
for support. Perhaps someone argues
that all this tends to the establishment
of a vast spinsterhood, but let us whis
per that after all when the right man
comes along, when real love creeps into
the heart and wily Cupid makes his
presence felt, then it matters not what
specious argument may have been ad
vanced heretofore, engagement and
marriage appear to be the truest art
and the noblest duty: for after all we
are but women, and are governed more
by the heart than by the brain, inde
pendent and self-reliant though we
think ourselves.-Philadelphia Times.
SEEKING A DIVORCE.
But the Lawyer Did Not Hold Out Dar
zalilag Hopes of Sutccess.
He came into the office of one of our
leading attorneys and plunged deject
edly down into a chair.
"Say," he began, "are you a tip-top
lawyer? Never fail in a case?"
"I try to be." was the lawyer's mod
est reply. "What can I do for you?"
"I want to get a divorce."
"Have you sufficient reason for sepa
ration?"
"You just bet I have."
"WVell, kindly tell me your troubles.
and I wvill let you have my opinion."
"Five years ago I married a country
girl because I thought I'd get a sensible
one. Got that down?"
"Yes."
"lWell, things wvent nicely for two
years, then came the rub."
"Yes."
"The first thing she did was to goand
buy a lot of Bertha M. Clay's love-sick
novels to find out how society in London
was carried on."
"Yes."
"I didn't mind that, but after she had
nosed around a bit she began to get her
bighfalutin' ideas."
"Yes."
"WVell. she commenced with makin'
me get two servants. Then she made
us have breakfast off the mantelpiece
that is, get up an' help yourself."
"Yes."
"Then she made me belong to three
or four clubs, an' made it hot for me if
I came home earlier than one o'clock.
Got that?"
"Next, she made the servants call
her milady. But she capped the climax
by sayin' one day that she was sufferin'
from enwe. I went to a doctor an'
asked him what the deuce that was,
an' he told me it was French for that
tired feeling. That settled it. From
that on it was enwe an' enter nong, an'
bullyung, an' soloong, an' parley roo,
an'-well, then she went in for music.
She called Wagner 'Vogner,' Liszt
'Leest.' an' ended the whole business
by calling me her charmangie. Say,
don't you think you could fix it up
right off. before she takes to run nin
around with Italian singers and run
nin' for school commissioner?"
The lawyer smiled a sad smile.
"I'm afraid you can't get a divorce
on these things. Vill you pay your
ten dollars for my opinion now, or shall
I send in my bill?"
And the other took out ten silver
circles and went over to the police sta
tion and asked for a night's lodging.
Syracnse Journal.
Both Sides of the Questlon.
A man and his wife stood on the
Brooklyn bridge. He was a philoso.
pher and a talker; she was a woman o.
Laction. A tug was hauling a long line
Sof barges up the river.
"Look there, my dear." said he.
"Such is life. The tug is like the man,
working and toiling, wrhile the barges,
like the women, are---"
His wife gave him no time to finish
the sentence.
"I know," she said, the tug does all
the blowing and the barges bear all
Sthe burden."-M'illion.
Trouble in the 1tleangerie.
Kangaroo-It's your ivory the bunt
ers are always after. Why don't you
I carry it in your trunk?
Elephant-It's your skin they want
Why don't you hide it in your pouch?
-Chicago Tribune.
No Need of Them.
SGuest,-T should think you would
I have eletrio bells put iu the hotel,
T Rurl] Tpda~W urhat tur? To hurt
I fIltks wtvinva',f!w.':a bl' the tiee?-Puu
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
-Archbishop Satolli has only men
servants in his house. His interpreter
is the only one who speaks English.
He has but one fad, and that is a fond
ness for birds. In almost every room
of the house there is a cage of birds,
and the whole residence seems like a
mammoth aviary.
-A nominee for congress in one of
the New York city districts, to fill a
vacancy, is Mr. Lemuel E. Quigg',
whose initials, as a staff writer, have
appeared under some of the most im
portant matter, political and other
wise, that has been published in the
New York Tribune.
-It is said that Harriet Hosmer, the
famous American sculptress, can wear
as many medals as a hereditary Genoa
duke. She has lived in Europe almost
continuously for twenty years, and has
been a tremendous worker. She says
if she could live her life over again she
would stay more in her own country
and keep in touch with her own coun
trymen.
--Mrs. Emily E. Ford, who died very
recently in Brooklyn. was the widow'
ofGordon L. Ford, a former publisher
of the Tribune: the mother of Wash
ington Ford, the statistician: the
granddaughter of Noah Webster, of
dictionary fame, and last,though by no
means least in these athletic days, the
mother of Malcolm W. Ford, at one
time the champion amateur athlete of
America.
-King Oscar of Sweden, on his way
to Christiania the other day, passed
through a small Norwegian town,
which had been elaborately decorated
in his honor. Over the door of one
rather gloomy-looking building there
was a flaring inscription with the
words: "Welcome to his majesty." The
king asked what building it was, and
received the reply: "Our town prison,
your majesty."
-Twenty-three countries and sixteen
languages are represented in the seven
thousand volumes comprised in the
Women's library at Chicago. This
will form a nucleus for the collection
of the literary work of women in the
future, as it will be placed in the per
manent Women's Mlemorial building
to be erected in Chicago. Along with
the library catalogue, soon to be is
sued, will be published a complete bib
liography of women's writings up to
the pro-ent time.-llarper'a Bazar.
--Very rare books, now in a double
sense, are Prof. Tyndall's "'Glaciers of
the Alps" (1560) and his "Hours of Ex
ercise in the Alps" (1871). For several
years the author was unable to obtain
a copy of the former. "I am told by a
friend," he wrote to a certain book
seller, "'that you have two copies of my
book. The price is high, and this is in
a way very gratifying to the author.
And as, unfortunately, I have no copy
myself, I shall-be glad if you will send
the books to me at the price named."
Outlook.
-Horace Greeley had a high opinion
of the merits of poetry, to judge from
the following extract of a letter he
wrote to his friend, Mr. Ransom: "As
to prose, it is not worth writing, ex
cept for bread. To live it must be
poetry, only unmarked by rhyme. I
have written acres of it in my tread
mill way, with sometimes a good para
graph, but it can never live a year;
and a good prose work can hard
ly survive a century. Where are
the American prose writers before
Irving? Where are the British novel
ists before Scott? Yet Shakespeare
and Milton live on forever."
HUMOROUS.
--"What, a weary look that young
woman has?" "Yes; she married the
man she wanted."-N. Y. Journal.
-Boarder--"Is this genuine vegeta
ble soup?" WVaiter-"Yes, sir; four
teen carrots fine."-Rochester Demo
crat.
-- Customer-"WVhy do you call this
the 'after Christmas' rose?" Florist
"Because it hasn't a scent.."-Indian
apolis Journal.
--Agnes--"Well, I want a husband
who is easily pleased." IMaud--"Don't
worry, dear; that's the kind you'll get."
-Elmira Gazette.
-He--"' Why do you regard marriage
as a failure?" She-"So many make
use of it to get money belonging to
others."-N. Y. Herald.
--A servant girl, writing home to her
parents, said: "I am sorry I have no
money to buy a stamp for this letter:
I will put two on the next."-Tit-Bits
-It was not his winning looks.
Nor yet his smile so bland.
That helped to keep him in the swim-
It was his winning hand.
-Atlanta Constitution.
-"But how do you know that P'en,
dersoni is a fool?" "Why. they select
ed him as a juryman in a murder trial
without challenge on either side.."'
Boston Transcript.
-"l)o you believe that story of ,ant
ley running off with his cook?" 'Yes;
he'd do anything to please his w tfe."
"Please his wife: What do you mean?"
"You see the cook was breaking up her
valuable china terribly. "-Inter-Ocean.
-Rallet girl (to admirer)-"Only
think of it; the society for the preven
tion of cruelty to children was here to
day to inquire about me." Rival
"What a shame; I can testify that you
are very good to your grandchildten."
-Kate Field's Washington.
-- Can you let me have fly. dollars?
I left all my money at hoame, and -I
haven't a cent with me," said Johunie -
Fewscads to his friend Hostetter M c-l,
Ginnis. "Sorry I can't lent you ivte.
dollars. But here is a iclkel crfkr.
You can ride home and get yot r
money," replied Hostetter.-Texas
Siftings.
-Where He Was-.-The trarmp es-' -
tered the rear yard of a hones
Pitcher street last Sattrday, an ,me.
at the kitchen door s lbdy.vernt
glasses. "Can I," he inquired,
some work here to eSa'a a pir of
shoes?"- "I don't ka Whet .
can or not," she re'ie ,
may." He rubbed his os,
in bewilder'ment. "I bg
mai laml" he k 4, "I amp s