THE LAFAY*ETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1804. NUMBER 19.
. . . . ,. . . . , ... . ... .. . -,,n,,,,, ,,, . -,,,- .. '. ;.. .. . .. ' -- - _' '". - '; :* * . . ... . . . .
AT SEA. tel
as
I watch the white sails as they sprea
Thetr wings, like birds set tree; r
And some o'er distant waves will glides a
Some in the wished-for haven bide,. th
And some-be lost at sea r
And thus, upon Life's changeful mai, sti
While Hope sang merrily, TI
Full many a bark from off the strand th
We launched with eager heart and hand. th
Nor dreamt of loss at sea.
an
But were there treaoherous rocks and shoals ne
All, all unknown to thee? st
It matters not-the heart doth know
That cruel storm hath sunken low itt
The venture out at sea. tu
Mayhap it was no costly freight,
Though rich to you or me; tl
And Memory. as the-days go by, t.
Still oounteth o'er with tearful eye s, at
Her treasures lost at sea.
Ah. well, there is a haven sweet at
Where shipwrecks cannot be; at
Sad hearts, who sit in patient pals,
There shall ye gather back again
Much that was lost at sea.
-Lucy 1 Fleming. in Harper's Bassl. fc
A MEMBER OF THE CLUB. L
BY JAIES KNAPP REEVIK. f
ri
(Copyright, 18NP, by the Author.l
OU may remem- ,
bher that when n
the Old ieau
was telling me h
that ghastiy g
story of The ea
SMa n V ho tl
.tarted a Grave- e
1 yard, he hap
pened to men- b
tion something h
about Bobby ,
- Nichols having R
gone wrong P
" through plung- a
ing too heavily
on the club's race course. I was
anxious to get this story out of him p
meet, for I fancied it might be rather ,
dramatic. But when I suggested that o
he tell me more abojt it, he drew away ii
from the subject.
"Look here, young man." he said, d
severely. "no human institution is per- h
fect. The liability to err occurs with all
men. The club has been no exception
to this universal rule, but we rio not
care to dwell on our mistakes. That
which is done, is done. We acknowl
edge that the race course and the Bob
by Nichols episodes were our mistakes.
But let them rest. "'
Now, I do not think that a man
should give you the hint of a story un
less he intends to tell you the whole of n
it, especially when there seems to be d
the spice of a scandal about it. How
ever, I know I shall get it out of him
some time-and it is just as well to
have a good thing or two in reserve.
So I will wait patiently.
We were sitting in the card-room, and
had been playing cribbage. But the
points had run so steadily in my favor
that my antagonist flually yawned and
pushed the board impatiently away.
Then, evidently feeling that he had
been a trifle rude, and to a guest-a
matter of which the Old Beau could
rarely be accused, for he was the most
punctilious of men-and desiring to
make immediate and ample amend, he
asked me if I would join him in the
supper-room over a bird and a bottle.
It was not these things that tempted
me, but I guessed he would be in the
mood to talk, and that I should hear
something worth the hearing.
As we passed through the billiard
room I saw a man garbed in the cas
sock of a priest, bending over one of
the tables and deeply engaged upon his
play. It was not the frock alone
strange, though, that was in such a
place-that riveted my attention. But
s the face and physique of the man were
strong. This is but a brief description.
But I will let it stand as I have written
it, because if this simple statement
does not convey the meaning I intend,
no words of mine can make you under
stand.
My companion paused for a moment.
waiting until the player had finished
his shot and looked up from the table.
Then my attention was divided be
tween two things-one, the awful scar
that disfigured the whole left side of
the man's face and neck. How one
could have received such a mark, and
lived, was the instant question in my
mind. But there was another thing
which took Iny mind from this. When
their eyes met, the Old Beau bowed
with more cordial ceremony than I
had ever seen him use toward any other
man-and a smile of exquisite sympathy
passed between the two.
"There," said the Old Bean, when we
were fairly seated, - meeting and an
swering the question that my eyes
asked, "there-is a man. And this
thing of which I am about to tell you,
was a deed."
He paused, as If to find words fit for
the telling of it. And when he had
chosen them he went on slowly, speak
"BEC&USE I LIKE TO BEE HUMAN MIS
/ ERY."
ing in alow monotone, and reverently,
as it in the presence of the deed itself:
"It w~ais one night in August. The
day had been infernally hot, and the
night came on worse than the day had
been. Finding comfort nowhere, I had
strolled down into the lower portion of
the city., ehere the poor are huddled
- together like.. rata-perhaps because I
like to see-hatuain hisery, and wretch
edness, asnli squalor. I had heard an
alarm of fire and saw the engines rush
ing ~aat .me, but until I had turned
into B- street I did not know the
*99sgrition wua s ear. It was
tenement house fire. A great hive i
swarming with human beings had al
ready become a mass of leaping flame.
So much headway had been made that
the force could do little but confine the |
fire to the building in which it had
started, and let it burn itself out there.
The great heat of the night, added to '
the burning furnace of the fire, made ? o=
the work of the brave men periloust
and almost intolerable. But they ca
never flinched, for lives were at th
stake. The building was old, and un
its passage ways narrow, tor- pc
tuous and dark-except where the fire Ix
lighted tlIem. Some of the people, in m
their fright and in the suddenness of ae
the alarm, had become hemmed in, it
and the firemen rushed into that t
seething hell to save them. Womee n,
and children were carried out. fainting ia
and sahfocated. Men staggered intr at
the oLser air as though heavy witbh f
drink. Prayers, screams and eries b,
for help rose above the roar of the
flames and the steady boom of the en- *,
gines Husbands were searching fran- bi
tically for their wives, women for theis it
babes. At last, the chief gave orders si
for all to come out, forbade his men tc ti
risk .their lives further, for floors and tl
walls were falling, and it was almost tl
certain death to enter the building It
now. 01
"Just as his order was given, a man C0
hurled himself out from the snarling ,
fire-a maan choked by the smoke and fE
scarred where the burning fingers of
the flame had touched him, yet witb
some power of speech still left to him, i
'" A priest,' he gasped; 'a priest, my
brother.' And he pointed into the ge- t.
r henna out of which hoe had come. Hit ti
words were taken up and carried for- u
C ward by the unthinking crowd: 'A
r priest, a priest.' The cry was heard
above all that horrible bable of sound. t,
"Then out from the throng came a n
B man, his huge shoulders breasting and g
1 pushing'aside the human sea that now i,
would have stopped him. He paused tl
only while you could count 'one,' look- e
ing to see whither he pointed who had p
just come out from the fire. And then, a
drawing the sleeve of his gown across t,
his face to keep from breathing the C
1 fiery death, he strode forward. t
t "You may talk about the courage of c
t the six hundred. That was the courage a
t of numbers. And they knew a nation c
would sing their death song. This man
was alone. Remember that. I
"We waited, and held our bseath, ii
while the man who had come out told 3
us his brother lay there, pinned be- I
neath a great timber, and the fire all
about him. And knowing that he must t
e die, with the instinct of faith he had t
called for a priest And the priest had r
heard-and had gone. So we waited, 1
o while the flames roared and timbers fell c
r HE STRODE PORWARD.
toard Heaven, as though it had been
a IL-.
S"HS STRODE FtORWARD."
and the fire reached its crimson armis
to5 tard Heaven, as though it had been
the fire from a consecrated altar in
stead of an accursed hell.
"It was a long time that we stood 1
a there, while the people grew still nas
it death, for they had given up hope. And
Sthen, when we thought it was all over,
the priest came out burned, choked,
n scarred-but still alive. And he had
it found and comforted the dying soul
with the last sacred rites of his faith."
The Old Bean paused, and I pushed
the bottle toward him. But he waved
it aside, and took a deep draught of
d pure water.
"This to his honor," he said: "I care
not what his church or creed-there
r was a man."
Then he told me the rest of the
e story.
,d "Letting no one know his name, or
where he belonged, the priest hurried
away. They would have carried him
'n in their arms They would have thrown
themselves down and let him walk
1 upon their prostrate bodies. iBut he
er waved the people aside and went on
his 'ay alone, though sorely in need
of aid. But I followed, and learned
re who he was. And the next night I
n- came here and told this story to the
es club. And without the formality of a.
Lis ballot, we made him a member. The
club knows neither church nor creed,
but it knows a man. Come, let me in
or troduce you. It is an honor to touch
ad his hand."
Ik- LEe kt ctCo srmeey.
"Did the man seem to exhibit a lack
of courtesy?" inquired an Austin busi
ness man of a book agent who had
failed to negotiate with a neighboring
tradesman.
"'0, I don't know but what he's got
courtesy enough and presume he keeps
plenty of it in stock. le threw a chair
at mrue the minute 1 entered his office,
and just as I successfully dodged the
chair he caught me on the nose with a
tin cuspidor, and that was followed by
a paper-weight. two tack-hammers and
a loose door-knob. He seemed to be
shooting all the furniture out of a
Gatling gun, though he may have been
throwing them, and it is my impression
he was loaded for book-agents. But
is he didn't seem to lack anything; and
presume if I hadn't withdrawn just as
I did, the next thing would have been
. a shower of canned courtesy."--T'exas
I: *"iftings.
he
he -The most formidable check to the
ad increaseen tropical regions,of serpents
ad and venomous insects is the abund
of ance of the ants, which, attacking in
ed thousands, will kill and devour animals
I often of considerable size.
an -Little Efie (who has stroked the
th- kitten until she has begun to purr)-
ied "Mondle, do you hear that?" Hister
he Mand-"Hear what, Effie?" Ef1e
* "Why', I do beleve kitty's bollingl"
FARMER AND PLANTER .
GREEN MANURING. wi
tot
One of the Oldest Known Methods of Ir
provino the FertlUty of the Sol.
Green manuring, or plowing under ic
green crops raised for that purpose, is th
one of the oldest means of improving tic
the fertility of the soil. It was advo
cated by Roman writers more than two are
thousand years ag, and from that time CrI
until now it has formed a most im
portant resource of the farmer, es- Co
pecially where the supply of barnyard it
manure is insufficient:.. Its advantages an
are awny. The most:V triking are that pr
it furnishes the surfacoq~oil with a or
supply of the fertilizing materials
needed by crops, increasing the humus, is
and improves the physical qualities
and the tilth of the soil. As a humus
former green manuring stands next to cr
barnyard manure. it
By means of green manuring, land
which is practically barren may be fe
brought up to a state of fertility where fe
it will produce profitable crops. As a
single instance of this may be men
tioned the experiments carried on by PI
the Michigan experiment station on
the "Jack-pine plains" of that state. ht
In 1888 experiments were undertaken 1t
on. the light sandy, almost barren, soils nt
of these plains. Green manures were
ursed mainly, supplemented by cheap
fertilizers. In three years marked im
provement was evident, not only in the TI
physical character of the soil, but also
in the increased yields .of various crops. at
Again. green manuring may be used
to take the place of more expensive fer
tilizers and manures on soils already e<
under cultivation. 'It is in this latter 01
use that it finds its widest application. o
There has been much speculation as fa
to the manner in which the crops com
a monly used for green manuring could
i gather such large quantities of fertiliz- tI
ing materials. It will be remembered w
I that the principal fertilizing ingredi- s'
ents required by plants are nitrogen, m
I phosphoric acid and potash. These a
are each and all more or less essential
to the healthy growth of crops. r
e Consequently. they are applied toh
the soil in one form of commer
cial fertilizers and other manures. In
e attempting to explain how the fertility ti
D of the soil is maintained by green ma- r
u nuring it as been said that plants with
long roots, like clovers, feed deep down e:
in the soil or subsoil on materials be- c
I yond the reach of the surface-feeding
s plants: and that when the tops of these
I plants die down and are mixed with
,t the surface soil they enrich it much
d the same as an application of barnyard
d manure. This is undoubtedly true,
but it fails to explain how such large
11 quantities of materials can be ob- 9
tained. especially when clover is grown
continuously for a number of years.
The question has finally been solved by a
one of the most interesting and im- v
portant discoveries yet made in agri- t
cultural science. It has been found I
that certain plants can feed upon the a
nitrogen in the atmosphere and store it a
up in their tissues as.they grow. They f
take their phosphoric acid and potash r
from the soil, but they obtain their 1
nitrogen very largely from the air.
Hence they draw from the air a ma- 1
terial necessary to the growth of crops, I
which in the form of commercial ferti- t
lizers, as nitrate of soda. ammonium s
sulphate, dried blood, etc., is paid for
at the rate of from fifteen to twenty I
is cents a pound.--U. S. Department of 1
n Agriculture Bulletin.
RENOVATING WORN LANDS. I
id 1:stract F'ron the Report of the Mlssissippl
is I Experiment Station.
d The sixth report of the Mississippi t
r, experilnmet ~tation says:
N, o soil can he made to produce good
d cropr~ without. the presence of a fair
.1 supply of humus or decayed vegetable
Slmatter. Freshly-cleared lands and
d lands which have not been plowed for
id many years usually contain an abun
f d;,once of humus.r but when lands have
l.,]nr lcen cultivated in hoed crops like 1
re corn and cotton the humus becomes ex
re halsted. andl must be replaced before
they can le made profitable. Just how
s this hum!us shall lhe supplied must de
pendl on the circumstances of each
or plantation. When it can be had in suf
,d cient I quant itiy there is no better mate
m rial for this purpose than is stable
rn manure. but as this can seldom
Il he securred in sufficient amounts
ie recourse must he had to other
)n materials. Cotton seed for clay soils,
ad and cotton seed meal for sandy soils,
ed answer the purpose perfectly, but both
I are expensive. and on nearly all plauta
he tions the most economical method for
a securing a sufficient supply of humus is
le by the growing and plowing under of
d, s-ome green leguminous crop like lespe
n- deza. cow peas. or red clover. On lands
ch where either of -these crops has been
grown. there is little trouble in making
satisfactory crops of corn or cotton by
the tuse of moderate amounts of com
ek nacrcial fertilizers. Lespedeza will
al grow on a soil which is too exhausted,
ad dry and hard for either of the others,
g and is undoubtedly the best plant for
m.e where the soil is in a very poor
ot condition. It responds quickly to an
ps application of two hundred pounds of
" cottonseed meal per acre, and by
`e, making such an application a fair
he crop of I.espedeza can be grown on
Salrmnost any soil. If the soil is sufficient
by yr fertile to make a fair crop of Lespe
nd deca without the use of fertilizer, cow
be ps, will be the better crop to grow, as
Sa they make a r:,ch heavier growth than
en d-es the I.ePpcdeza. their roots are
on lar.rer andI extend more deeply into the
t grouncld. and will so build up the soil
ad more rapidly.
as When the soil is rich in lime, as in
en .he entire northeastern prairie region,
as m-.elilotus is the best fertilizing crop
which can be grown. Its roots are
l-rg -r and extend deeper into the
h ground than do those of any other
rte: lorative plant which we can grow;
:1. ltim nts die and the roots decay at
t Ihe end of the second season, and so
al the plant adds more to tJc vahn
able Lpant food in the soil than does
thL any other of the .many which we
--:htve tested. 'It'will grow well on any
i- f the biat:k P~rnirie soils, even on those
er wu;ichl are too exhausted or in too poor
j '·-, mlditp)n for making jood rosoa ofI
dea clover; it does equally well on
white lime lands, makes good hay and Tr
pasture, being especially valuable for
winter grazing and as a restorative crop
for lime lands, is undoubtedly the mo
valuable one we have. Unfortunatel1 prc
it will not grow on soils which are de
ficient in lime, as are most of those in are
the pine-woods region, and for that see- wi
tion of the state, cow peas and Lespedeza ha]
are the most satisfactory restorative col
crops. pe
It is much easier to keep a field in good ps
condition than it is to build it up when tit
it has become run down and exhausted,
and for maintaining the fertility and sel
productiveness of soils already in good, wi
or even in fair condition, there is no l'o
other plant as valuable as red clover. thl
It requires a better soil. and one which Th
is in a better mechanical condition,
than either of the other restorative fo
crops named, but as it gives us our 60
most valuable hay crop in addition to alt
its action as a restorative crop. it is the inu
best plant wre have for maintaining the thi
fertility of lands which have never be- tee
come exhausted, or which have been TH
renovated by the use of Lespedeza, cow m<
peas or melelotus. Having secured
good mechanical condition in the soil, ab
together with an abundant supply of wl
humus by means of green crops, but pr
little additional fertilizer will be pr
needed.
MANAGEMENT OF PIGS. ly.
-- tri
The Best Way to Secure Good Growth at let
Mlinlalum Cont.
In the spring after grass and clover dia
starts is one of the very best seasons 1S
for securing a good growth at a low in,
cost. This holds good with all classes lo
of stock, and pigs are no exception. One th
of the principal advantages that pigs q;
farrowed in the spring have over those th
that come at almost any other season, ot
is that with plenty of grass and clover th
the sows are able to supply the pigs pe
with more and better milk, while as ly
soon as the pigs learn to eat they will
make a cheaper and better growth than th
at any other season.
It is usually best to keep the sows in of
reasonably close quarters until the pigs m
have made a sufficient growth to run
about wvell, which will usually be by le
the time they are ten days old. Then in
they can be turned out and given the to
range of a good pasture. fo
The feeding of the sow must be lib
eral and the material must be of an ex
cellent nature in order to enable her to to
supply her pigs with plenty of milk.
Grain is also needed with good clover. tc
With both the suckling sows and grow
ing pigs clover is a better feed than
sain, and while a very fair growth can
esecured with grain or clover alone, T
in nearly all cases a sufficiently better
grain can be secured by feeding grain n
in addition to make it profitable. But
the grain must be of a character well i
adapted to the securing of a good de
velopment of bone and muscle rather
than fat. No one material is a com
plete ration: that is, it will not supply
all of the materials needed to maintain
a good growth at the lowest cost. and
for this reason a combination of mate
rials will in nearly all cases give the
best results.
But a different ration is needed for
growing animals from what should be
given when fattening for market. So
that bran and oil meal, ground oats or
ship stuff will make a better feed, both a
for the sow that is suckling a litter of
pigs and growing pigs. Whenever the
f pigs begin to show a disposition to eat
a place should be provided where they
can eat to themselves, and they should
be fed regularly, increasing the rations
as their growth and condition demand.
But in the spring is not only a good
i time to secure a good growth with
young pigs, but it is also one of the
d best seasons to fatten, and especially
r when the pigs have been kept in a good, t
e thrifty condition during the winter. If
d thrifty with good pastura-ge, a month
or six weeks of liberal feeding of a fat
tening ration will be all that is needed
e to make ready for market, and this can
e be done at a less cost than if the grain
. alone is depended upon.-American t
SFarmer.
V HERE AND THERE. r
h -Good cows will pay for good care,
f- even though milk and butter are down t
in price; they rarely go below the cost t
.e of production.
n -If the cows are bred to 6alve next t
s fall they ought to give milk enough E
sr this spring and summer to pay a profit
s, over cost of feed and labor: and they I
s, will, if they are the right kind of cows.
h -Nothing at the present time pays 1
- better than swine husbandry when the
)r hogs are properly cared for. Few do
is mestic animals require the attention
f necessary to keep them in a healthy
- condition than swine do, but it pays.
I -There is money in poultry in the
a south, if a person will give it the prop
ig er attention: but whoever tries it will
y find it no lazy man's business, as it re
a- quires a great deal of hard work. A
1 person must pay attention'to details.
It is vigilance-eternal vigilance is the
viwatch-word of success.
re -The kitchen garden should be a
r model of neatness. It should be laid
n off in beds and borders, the paths
should be kept scrupulously clean of
w veeds and in good order. There should
r be a strict adherence to tIm idea of
utility both in laying it out, in plant
ing and conducting it. .
-Bagging the grapes as soon as the
bloom has fallen will prevent rot. The
Sfruit is much more beautiful when
grcwnn in bags. One pound manila bags
e are used. The bag is opened. drawn
,il carefully over the hunch and pinned
above the cane trom which the bunch is
in growing.
-n, -A cheap source of phosphoric acid
op is Carolina phosphate rock. Do not.
re however, use the crudely-ground rock.
he or "floats," but use the acid phosphate
er made by treating the rock with
; sulphuric acid. The available "phos
at phoric acid in this acid phosphate costs
so about six cents a pound.
n- -The eleventh census returns .how
es that in 1880 there were in the Inited
Se Mtates 4,008,907 farms. valued at over
ny t10,00,000,000; in 1O90 there were 4..~h*4.
se G41 farms, valued at over 813.(00:.0L0,.t0)0.
or The increase in number wva- x. arly it
of per ceant., and in valnue.over 0 pcr cet1
PROTECTION EXPENSES.
Trusts and Monopolitts Fattened by the Le
MIcKinley Tariff.
Flow much may be collected by the
protected tariff ring of manufacturers, an
and how much actually is collected," up
are two different questions. One trust tic
will collect all its protection, another tel
trust will collect only one-half, or per- ab
haps only one-quarter. The amount m2
collected depends upon the number of co
people in the trust, and how thor- ha
oughly they hang together. Very be
often a member, to make a fortune at th
once, will break all his agreements, je
sell under the trust price and the trust ha
will be broken and have to reorganife. Pe
For example, the sugar trust collects th
the whole amount of its protection. tie
The salt trust collected the whole Ui
amount until it broke. Then it re- a
formed, and now it is collecting about of
60 per cent. The woolen men have m
altogether about twenty private sell- Pt
ing agreements, or trusts. In some of in
these trusts, they collect all their pro
tection, and in others only 10 per cent a
The collection of the protection is a PC
matter of organization. fe
In all the United States there are th
about 15,000 protected mill-owners, am
who are organized into 450 to 460 ili
private trusts. The par value of their te
protection before the McKinley bill of
went into effect was81,820,000,000 year- to
ly. That was the amount that these p
trusts were authorized by law to col- in
lect from the people in taxes annually is
-if they could. The amount that they ti
did collect from the people in the year e2
1890 was very carefully estimated. The ft
inquiry took many months, and the P
lowest possible figure that represented
their actual collection of taxes was a]
6080,000,000. The McKinley bill raised "
the par value of their protection, in o0
other words, the amount of taxes that e:
they were authorized to levy upon the di
people and compel them to pay year- ti
ly, from $1,820,000,000 to $1,060,000,000.
How much they collect, how much a
they pocket and how much the people c'
pay is, as Mr. Frick says, the business a
of nobody but those who collect the is
money. t
In 1800 the people paid at the custom a
house $229,000.000 in taxes that went
into the federal treasury at Washing- s
ton, and was returned to them in the e
form of services rendered. That same 0
year they paid to 450 trusts $880,000,000
taxes, not one cent of which was re- P
turned to them in the form of any serv
ice whatever. The tariff taxes paid by
the people for 1890 exceeded 8909,000,
000, of which one-quarter was for the s
public good, and three-quarters of b
which was bald and naked robbery. '
That the treasury got $229,000,000 was
fortunate, for the McKinley bill put v
a stop to such a large proportion com- a
ing into the treasury. While it in- C
creased the potential tax on the peo
ple, it decreased the amount they paid v
to the government, and increased the
amount they paid to the trusts.
For the benefit of four men alone,
for example, the McKinley bill added
$8 to the previous duties on every gun
costing $12. Not a cent of this duty
would go into the .treasury, for this
made the duty on foreign guns 100 per
cent., and barred them out. A mar
who wanted a 812 shotgun had to buy
from one of the four American makers
and pay $18-3- more than it was
worth. Protection gave him more
work. lie had to work overtime to
earn this extra $86. But he was work
ing for the gun, and he had to pay
nine days' wages for it under protec
tion, against six days' wages without.
The four gunmakers took from him
three days' labor, or gave him three
days' extra labor, as you like.
The object of the McKinley bill was
to increase the tariff taxes levied upon
the people, but. decrease the amount
they paid to the treasury, and increase
the amount they paid to the trusts.
All this was done by the manner in
Lwhich the taxes were levied. It was
not done through the amount or the
percentage.
The 'McKinley tariff was lower than
that which it succeeded. It might have
been the lowest of low tariffs; it might
not have turned any money into the
treasury, and yet it might have been
t of even more benefit than it was4eothe
a trusts, imposing harder burdens of
* taxation upon the people.
Under the McKinley bill the public
t taxes paid into the treasury fell from
h $220,000,000 in 1890, to 6177.000,000 in
t 1892, and for 1894 will probably go
Y lower yet. At the same time, the
amount of taxes paid to the trusts has
s risen from $080,000,000 to 8860,000,000,
e as near as can be estimated.-N. Y.
' World.
The Ex-Czar Grows Calm.
y Another pull of the protectionists
all together and Tom Reed's alarm at
.e the "omnivorous west" will be calmed.
1 The trusts will be able to command
1 the home market and hurl their power
against the building of new manufac
A tories nearer the markets and sources
Sof supply. Shut out iron ores and Du
e luth's hopes of becoming a manufactur
ing center are chilled. Shut out woolen
a goods and New England can by under
d selling cut down investments of manu
s facturing capital in one section of the
west and make up its profits in an
other section. Every time the Wilson
bill is XMeKinleyized the omnivorous
ness of the west is kept nearer to pea
soup and corn bread.--St. Louis Re
e public.
e -If the American laborer has ap
proximately received his share of the
n product of his labor through the oper
ation of the tariff, why have we these
s exhtbitions of organized vagabondage
under Coxey, Kelly and others, while
id the country as a whole has grown
richer? 11hat is the meaning of the
presence im this country of thousands
of Hung)rians, Italians, Poles and
other foreign laborers of the cheapest
class? Why this constant succession of
strikes and labor riots, caused by re
t ductions of wages, or efforts to sub
stitute foreign contract labor for
SAmerican labor; disturbances that have
Sbeg most frequent and most trouble
Ssomne while the party of protection
was in the full flush of power? Why
Shave ,wages been sosteadilyreduced in
I industries most highly ptr.ecte4?
JuL-Uia'riie Courler-JournaL
A POIOY OP DISASTER. N
L.eglaltlve Treas8 fietpgetrated by .L
pubUlcmn sBeflatr
Republican senators havi assumed
an attitude that cannot but 16iVJi
upon them the strongest condemna
tion of the country. It is their 4e
termination to insist upon a reason
able discussion of the pending tariff
measure. had they not stopped to ý
construe this announcement it might Do
have been accepted as asserting an
bonest desire to still further enlighten
themselves and the nation on the sub
ject under consideration. They would
have at least avoided confession of a
purpose involving the direst disaster
that legislative treason could at this
time inflict upon the people of the
United States. They boldly avow the
adoption of dilatory tactics as a means
of killing the measure for which every a
material interest of the country is ap
pealing as the one means of averting
impending ruin. do
In this cold-blooded avowal there is 8a
a depth of treachery, a contempt for -
popular rights, a cruelty toward suf
fering humanity, a wanton sacrifice of
the means to restore prosperity, such
as has no parallel in the annals of civ
ilized government. The shallow pre
tense of "reasonable debate" is worthy
of men who thus hold party superior
to country, and for the attainment ofi -
political ends will go to a length that
imperils our national existence. There
is not a ray of light that they can
throw upon the question under consid- £
eration. There is no point of view
from which it has not been ap
proached, no argument w" ich has not
been advanced times without number A
and for its full weight. Yet these men
who hold in trust.the highest interests
of the people deliberately propose to
extend the dreary waste of talk and .
drivel until the bill is killed, though
the country share the same fate.
If they caiq prevent it there will be
no longer sessions nor will they dis
commode themselves by meeting at -
night. Their policy is not to hasten
legislation, but to prevent it. With
the demands of the people in their ears
and a scene of universal disaster about
them, from which there is no escape,
save through the deliverance of rem
edial legislation, they assume the part
of Nero. as he watched the conflagra
tion of Rome. Wedded to the idols of
protection, intrenched behind the
wealth of combines, trusts and mo
nopolies, they are deaf to the popular .
appeal and sacrifice patriotisnm to the L
same monstrous iniquity which has
brought calamity upon a free people.
Their mendacity is that of the. sy..tem
they represent. Their cruelty is that I
t which has legalized robbery and ex
acted tribute from masses to fatten the
coffers of favored beneficiaries.
It is difficult for a free people, vested
with the sacred right of self-govern
ment, to tolerate such a conspiracy as
this. In times of general prosperity,
with the people employed and comn
a fortable. a line of policy inspired by
political consideration, might he ac
quiesced in, though not approved of.
Conditions do not permit of such an
acceptance of the situation at this
time. Business is stagnant. Th'on
sands are out of employment. Capital
wants to know the legal restrictions
under which it must operate before it
will come out of retirement. There is
a spirit of unrest that should be
soothed, not aggravated. There is a
just and reasonable appeal made by
the people to their representatives,
which should be speedily granted, not
scorned. The republican senators
have assumed a responsibility that
only the insolence of protection would
dare to suggest.-Detroit Free Press.
n ROINTED PARAGRAPHS.
- Republicans are so elated over
the fact that b'ard times came during
the democratic administration.-I,ouis
ville Courier-.Tournal.
- President Harrison declares that
lie is not a candidate for the presi
,n dency. If he were nominated we are
inclinel to think that he would con
tinue to be of that opinion after the
votes were counted.-Buffalo Coinmer
n cial (Rep.).
-e The republican press is felicitate
o ing itself on the fact that the United
States supreme court has reversed six
le of Mr. Gresham's judicial decisions.
m But perhaps the fact is harder on the
Ia supreme court than on Gresham.-St.
Louis Republic.
- If ex-President Harrison is so
a violently opposed to gerrymanders he
should give a little attention and ad
vice to the republican members of the
Ohio legislature. These statesmen are
now considering a bill to gerrymander
the judicial districts of Ohio so that it
ts will take thirty-one thousand seven
at hundred democratic votes to elect a
d. demoeratic judge, while sixty-fire hun
ad dred votes will elevate a republican to
er the bench.-N. Y. World.
L- -If trusts and combines are able
as to hang out one hundred thousand dol
u- lars for a senatorial vote they can gen
r- erally get a few takers. HIere appears
an the moral side of a tariff for protec
r- tion. A nation cannot affor(, to sub
u- ject itapublic men to such temptations.
he There should be in public life no op
L- portunities for amassing fortunes in
n exchange for votes. Clean out the
s- tariff robbery by making revenue the
ea rule of all tax laws.-St. Louis hepublic.
e- -- Tariff reform will come forward
again and will keep on coming forward
p until the people force their senators
be and representatives to obey their will
r. and dissociate this government for
so ever from the idea that it is a part of a
ge government's functions to "protect"
il one set of Americans at the expense of
rn another set of Americans. Our govern
he ment is founded upon the idea that all
Id men are equal before the laws, and
nd that the laws shall bear equally upon
eat all. To legislate so that one set of
of Americans must .pay another set of
re- Americans two prices for all that they
b- buy in order that the latter set ot
or Americans may make fortunes is a
ve total negation of this idea, and is
le- tyranny pure and simple. We repeat
on that the corrupt senators may beat
iiy tariff reform in this congress, but it
in will come back and will never cease its
- cry until that ory is heetde.-lleh.
usozid T'Phn.
NUMA BROUSSARD,
Cabinet Raker and
Furniture Repairer
OF ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LAAWyEI'TE LA.
LAFAYETTJE
IBlacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Belading.
FRED MOUTOI, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
- I-. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, . - - - LA.
"E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete, L.n.
II. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
I A stto-OneylsV at L.aw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-AND DEALER IN
1Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dismonde, Eto
r C:ejg's Building, Courthouse Square,
SLAFAYETTE, - - - - LA,
. ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE,
BAKER
Confectioner,
Vermiliion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
ItlllltOAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
I TIlE "OLD RELIABLE."
t JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
a H. L. fIONNIER,
---Dealer in
General
d erchandise.
r FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
Lt LIVERY
n- FEEDStable.
e Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
SFirst-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
I.AFAYETTE. LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
s LA.VWYER.
c Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
d- and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
e preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
e ~OPELOU.RAC. LA.
i t -Xv lFJLE 323IX0
an -AND
+ Sale Stable
0 E, COISTAIITII(, Proprietor,
r LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
in A practitioner in the State 22 years,
he and in Lafayetto Parish 11 years, calls
he attention to his new and successful treat
ic. ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with constt
rd tutional treatment affording a cure in
rd Consumption, in the first and second
rs period if they follow exactly the treat
ill ment and relief in the third period.
or- Deafness and chronic diseases in gen
a eral a sgecialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
i Notary Public
nd -AND
S Justice of the Peace.
of Caresul and prompt attention given .o
ey the collection of bills, accounts notes oE -
of Irafts. Sale and purchaso of lands at
Stended to. 1-19
t- C. H. MOUTON, .
tits A. to rney mt T .9v