THE GAZETTE.
S bscrsiorsr Price, , Per Year.
We send out many copies of this paper to
Sparties whom we have been unable to see,
but ,whose names have been furnished to us,
persons who would likely ome subscribers,
and shall continue to send em bntil notified
not to do so, regardingnon-refusal to receive
it as indicating a wish to be considered sub
scribers. The subscription price is so low
-one dollar per year-that we hope every
one will become subscribers, and send us the
amount of subscription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
To-morrow, strawberry ice-cream at
Gcorgiades.
Prof. R. C. Greig has been sojourning in
New Orleans for a few days.
Mrs. Frank Mayer of Comus, Texas, is
visiting her mother Mrs. Beraud.
S. Kahn, a popular business man of Lake
Charles was visitingfriends in Lafayette Sun
day,
a. Miss Ophelia Martin, of Carencro, is the
guest of her uncle and aunt, Dr. and Mrs.
G. A. Martin.
Rev. J. W. Knoll will preach at the Pres
byterian church this day and to-morrow.
The public invited.
A wagon load of sweet potatoes of this
season's growth was being retailed on the
streets Tuesday.
Mrs, Peterman and daughter of Franklin, t
La., is in Lafayette visiting friends and are
the guests of Mrs W. A. Clark
Improvements in different parts of the
town, continue, and Lafayette is marching
right along abreast of the parade.
Oliver Mouton, the popular President of
the Business Man's Association took a trip to E
New Orleans this week, business bent.
Claude Latiolais and Gaston Labbe, of n
Broussardville, were at The Gazette office s
Thu rsday. k
Prof. C. Broudreaux, of thb Third ward
public school, made The Gazette an agrea- g
ble call Thursday. tl
Misses Lucy Judice, Ida Mathieu and a
Mercedes Broussard, three lovely young v
misses of our town, spent Saturday, in Ca- s'
rencro.
Mouton Bros. have just received a large 0
invoice of goods, principally shoes, in which h
line they carry a varied and full stock, and e
invite the inspection of the public.
Georgiades desire to announce to the la- d
dies ot Lafayette that his ice-cream parlor is ti
nicely arranged especially for ladies, and the
most perfect decorum is at all times main
tained. ir
Several proposed entertainments are on the
tapis, which, of carried through, will enrich
the exchequer of the High School fund very S
m aterially. ti
Miss Martha Mouton after spending some
days in the Crescent city returned home
Sunday, much to the gratification of her is
many friends.
Morgan Lodge No. 4t7 B. of R. R. T.
will give their 4th annual excursion, from
Washington, La., to Abbeville, on the 2nd
day of July. t
Emile Gerard, the young man who was so
severely hurt by the the cars some weeks
since is in Lafayette nearly well from the
wounds received. vi
in
Our good friend, Welmam Bradford, paid l,
us an appreciated visit Tuesday. Welman TI
was bound for Opelousas, where he goes to ni
do some surveying. ta
Mr. Arthur Ronan of Carolton an old
friend of The Gazette senior's family was in de
Lafayette a couple of days this week, and th
wer pleased to meet him. hi
Mrs. J. D. Lafond and her daughter, Miss
Delphine, of Lafayette, spent a few days, wl
this week, in town, guests of Mrs. J. B.
Sandoz. -Opelousas Courier. ti
The two Misses Aimie, of Lafayette, were re
in town this week, on a visit to relatives by
and stopped with the family of W. A. San- gr
doz, Esq.-Opelousas Courier. on
We are pleased to note that Mr. A. C. ve
Ordway, the talented editor of our local an
contemporary has returned from New Or- the
leans, greatly benefitted in health.
Miss Ada Olvier who has been on a visit ge
to her sister, Mrs. Thompson in Houston, oi
Texas, returned home Sunday much to the ha
pleasure of her numerous friends. en
Miss Marie Louise Mouton,the accomplishedc Ju
daughter of Hon. Anbroise Mouton, of Shcl 1e
Beach, is spending some days with her uncle an
nud aunt, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Monnier. W
T', Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Lacoste, The ces
Gazette presents its most sincere sympathy pil
in the loss of their infant boy, Charles Ed
ward, who died last Wednesday, aged four cia
months and eight days.
Mirs. Chas. Voorhies, and her charming to
sister, Miss Ida Campbell, of St. Martinville co
are spending some days in Lafayette the etc
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Voorhies and
family. ful
Bob Cunningham, editor Rayne Ranger, bui
and L. S. Scott of the Crowley Signal, bIle
passed through Lafayette Monday on their me
way to attend the press convention in Na- wil
chitoches. be
We want a fire company, and we want
a street sprinkler. The people know they
need these things, then why in the name of he
WVilliam Riley don't they get together and
devise means to get them.
Our friend H. L. Monnir, has for sale a
preparation, one application a day put on it.
the pupils of the eyes of horses will keep the on
flies away.) It is also a sure cure for old r
sores on mian or beast.
1 hat was a very gracful act on the part of or
M. Jean Vigneau in furnishing free transpor- an
tation to the Black Diamonds troupe on is
their trip to Abbeville last Suuday. His ne\
kindness is much appreciated. wil
The public road between this place and his
Abbeville is reported to be in first-class con- anc
dition, and it was noticeableat the crops, me
along the route, are growing beautiful and tan
promises a bountiful harvest.
We thought our friend Henry Hohorst
looked decidedly happy Saturday morning, a
and upon inquiry ascertained Ihat a chubby on
little boy had put in an appearance at his are
h ule, hence that simile of comtentment.
We learn from the Crowley Signal that
the People's Bank of Lafayette is doing a
very satisfactory business.
Our friend Alex. Delshoussaye, has just
received some choice French sardines, and
to woodcock pate de foie gras, and, besides
ce, has a fine stock of staple and fancy groceries
us, which he invites the public to inspect.
`" Although the inclemency of the weather
led caused a small attendance it their entertain
ment in Abbeville last Sunday, the Black
Diamonds troupe reported that they had a
ow very pleasant time playing to an appreciative
try house.
:he
Francois Bacher, an old Frenchman, o50
years old, gardener at Mr. Jean Brun's
place, was arrested and incarcerated Monday
charged with an attempt-to vioiate the person
of a little 8-year-old colored child. The
old man emphatically denies the serious
charge.
Joseph Choate who has been languishing
is in jail for some months succeeded in finding
bondsmen-Messrs. Antonie Boudreaux and
Emile Broussard-who qualified in $5oo, and l
ke Choate is now enjoying his liberty for the l
n- time being. I
he Go to Bagarry for a good shave ind hair- I
cut. I
rs. We noticed our friend Fred Mouton, tak- s
ing some measurements of the building oc- v
"s- cupied by Mr. Jos. Plonsky, and upon in
W quiry ascentained that it is purposed to give
the building a general repair, including an e
cis iron roof.
re
One of the many pretty flower gardens I
that is worth admiring by the fact of the ii
n, taste shown in laying it out, as well as the
re discernment in grouping the plants, blending tl
its eolors in delicate rainbow hues, is that of a
C ~f Mrs. T. Hebert. ti
The Gazette is indebted to Mr. M. R.
Newhauser for an invitation to attend the Cl
of graduating exercises of the Tulane Law
to School Class, to be held next Monday, of
which class Mr. Newhouser will be a gra
duate. Among the names of graduates we o
)f noticed that of S. B. Kennedy,
:e son Col.- Kennedy, so well and favorably re
known in this parish. G
d Fruits of nearly 'every known variety will
t- grow in Lafayette abundantly. To verify
this statement one has but to take a stroll a
around town, and he will likely see a greater J,
variety of fruit trees than he has ever before o,
seen in any town. g,
Two additional doors has been put in front fc
e of the Catholic church, therely not only en- A
h hancing the looks, but making entrance and so
d exit much more convement, especially when tr
here is a large number in attendance at the W'
different exercises, which is very frequently hi
s the case. m
The Gazette has received a prettily printed
invitation from Mr. and Mrs. Levy to j
the marriage of their charming daughter w,
Miss Hannah, to Mr. Dave Massiker, which f,
event will occur on the 21st instant, at the
y Synagogue of this town after which a recep- p
tion will be held at Falk's Hall. TI
e One of the urgent needs of the town is an ru
r ice-wagon that will cover the town three m:
times a day retailing ice to families. Every op
family cannot afford to buy in 25 or 50o hi
pounds lots, but there are few who would tit
n not take from five to ten pounds a day, an
which, in the aggregate, would pay the re- Cl
tailer. qt
Sheriff I. A. Broussard, leaves to-day for
Baton Rouge with a batch of prisoners con- he
victed at the last term of court, including wi
in the number, Erwin Meaux. As there are
both white and colored prisoners in the lot,
T Ike is likely to enperience some inconve on
nience, inasmuch as the law forbids him to th
take a colored prisoner in the white com
Ilartment, and he is enjoined from the one an
devoted to the colored people. However re
I there is no doubt that Ike will safely land
his prisoners.
an
In returning from a ball last Sunday night be
when near Bayou Carencro, a dispute arose jai
between Leonard Latiolais and Jacques La
tiolais, first cousins, which resulted in Jacques Fn
receiving several cuts from a knife inflicted
by Leonard. Leonard was arrested and ho
granted bail by a justice of the peace. Later CL
on the, physicians pronounced the wounds
very serious and Leonard was re-arrested
and is now in jail, pending the outcome of Gi
the wounds of Jacques. las
Messrs. O. H. Simpson, a popular young cia
gentleman of this town, who read law in the
office of judge Debaillon, and Marks New- an
hauser, the affable conductor on the South
ern Pacific railroad, who also read law in chi
Judge Debaillon's office, were successful get
before the Tulane Law School examinations, net
and will receive their diplomas Tuesday.
We congratulate the gentleman on their suc- vai
cess and hope their future career will be of
pleasant and profitable.
Ladies and children haircutting at domi- has
ciel L.P. Bagarry. n
Some twenty gentlemen will meet Sunday I
to organize a Hook, Ladder and Bucket fire me
company. There is a truck, axes, ladders, kec
etc., now here which will be put into ser- fine
vice, and the only expense necessary to be I
fully cquipped will be the purchase of some and
buckets, and this will not entail much trou- trac
ble. The Gazette compliments the gentle- dry
men on their worthy move, and know they eral
will organize a company that the town will I
be proud of. the
Our local man is a pretty good hustler, but r
he can't cover every part of the town at one
and the same time, consequently he will
have to depend on the well-wishers of the fan
paper for many items of news. If you know and
of anything worth printing, let him hear of
it. If you hear of a piece of news, put himn
on the track of it. When you go away q
from homue, or have friends visiting you, or stoc
you are going to give a party or reception, die
or when your church or society contemplate
any proceedings, when your son or daughter the
is married, when your neighbor gets a
new baby, in short, any item of interest, he elle
will be glad to know it. He intends to make
his department as interesting as possible, kin,
and to accomplish it, he must in a great
measure, depend upon, and ask your assis- and
tance.
The 27th of May. bhi
The amateurs of Breaux Bridge will give
a dramatic entertainment at Falk's Hall, sale
on the 27th instant, the proceeds from which A.
are intended for the High School fund.
With the well known dramatic experience A
tat possessed by this organisation, we ought to
a have a fine performance.
We have not been informed of the title
ast of the play that has been selected 'or the
n4 occasion but it will be a French play.
lea With a view of rendering all assistance
les needed, a number of gentlemen met in Falk's
Hall Wednesday evening, and appointed
her the following committees:
in- General Managers-Dr. T. B. Hopkins,
ck J. S. Mouton, Z. Doucet, A. Delhomme, Sr.
a Committtee of Arrangements-E. G. Voor
ive hies, R. C. Greig, Wm. Campbell, H. Mou
ton, W. E. Bowen, B. Falk.
Reception Committee-H. VanderCruys
S sen, Alf. J. Mouton, Jos. Ducote, Chas.
Baudier.
ay Ushers-B. Falk, A. M. Martin, R. C.
an Greig. .
he Stage Manager-H. VanderCruyssen.
as Treasurer and Doorkeeper--C. O. Mouton.
Ticket Taker-Sam Plonsky.
ag It has been some time since our people I
rig have had a French play, and we have no
id doubt they will embrace this opportunity
id by attending in large numbers. There will I
se he three string bands, and there will be no t
lack of music. A fine ball will follow the
r- play, and this will afford an additional op- '
portunity for pleasure. We shall have
k- something more to say on this subject next t
week. t
- ''Ye old Folks Concert."
'e Some ladies and gentlemen met Thursday
in evening for the purpose of perfecting ar- a
rangements to present to the public, on the c
Is Ist day of June, an entertainment, unique n
re in its features, and which will be typical of s
re "ye olden times." While, we understand,
g the program is not yet fully completed, the ti
,f arrangements so far made promise an enter- ai
tainment that will be well worth attending, d
and The Gazette bespeaks for them a F
crowded house.
, Lost! bi
A gold bracelet with pearls, the property w
e of Miss Stella Trahan. Finder will please
return to the owner, or to the office of The
Gazette.
II Neatly Nabbed.
V Thursday noon Sheriff Broussard received el
1 a telegram from Deputy Sheriff Johnson, of re
r Jeanuerette, requesting him to keep a look- of
out on the incoming evening train for a ne- er
gro named Archie Noyes, who had passage br
for Dubuisson station, and apprehend him. th
As the train' was coming in Sheriff Broussard bs
Ssationed Henry Church near the Alexandria sh
train with the request to watch if a negro ril
would try to board that train, the Sheriff is
himself remaining on the opposite side of the en
main track. The train soon appeared in gr
sight, and when near the round house, at
fair speed, Henry Church noticed a negro at
jump from the train and start running to- m;
wards the bayou, and at once cried out the ii
fact to the Sheriff. The Sheriff and Police- w!
man Danton Veazey immediately started in to
pursuit, and the steeple chase commenced. on
The Sheriff calling several times upon the a I
running negro to stop, not heeding the com- ch
mand, the Sheriff pulled out his pistol and fa
opened up fire, but this seemed to only give tel
him additional speed. And the chase con- an
I tinued for a while longer, Sheriff Broussard ye
and Danton Veazey on foot, and Henry on
Church on horseback. The Sheriff being to
quite a sprinter, was rapidly cutting down th
the distance between himself and the run- It
away, and noticing some field hands at work to
hollered to them to head off the fugitive, sp
who just then volted the fence, and as he pl
was going over was caught by the leg by tet
one of the field hands, thrown down, and in
the others approached with upheld hoes and
surrounded him until the Sheriff came up mn
and took him in charge. After he was ar- st,
rested it was found that one of the balls had ov
hit and torn off the end of his shoe near the ne
big toe, the other struck the heel of his shoe as
and the third sped wild-three shots in all re;
being fired. The negro was incarcerated in fa,
jail.
Carencro News. ga
From Our Regular Correspondent. liv
The Attakapas Medical association will de
hold its next annual meetting at Lake we
Charles, La., in December of this year. cia
*.* at
Miss Corinne Bernard and Mr. Armand wit
Guidry were married at St. Peters Church tat
last Saturday, Rev. Father Laforest offi- Gu
ciating. *** set
The following is a list of the merchants
and saloons in Carencro: thi
Mr. Geo. E. Brown, with Mr. Geo. Mel- C.
chior as assistant, keeps a large stock of cat
general merchandise and does a good busi- pa
ness.
Mr. G. IH. Guilbeau, does a large ad- an
vancing business and keeps a fine assortment atti
of goods. dre
Mrs. C. Micaud, H. Crouchet agent, pr
has a fine store near the depot; does a large
and safe trade. The post-office is situated
in this building. n
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau, one of our veteran co
merchants, with Mr. Raoul Dugat, clerk, cul
keeps up with the times, and always have a d
fine assortment of goods.
Mr. Albert Guidry, with Messrs. Bluin as
and Odon Guidry, do a large business, their ap
trade extending into the parish of St. Lan- wit,
dry. This store also has a fine line of gen- dre
eral merchandise.
Mr. A. J. Guilbeau, whose store is under Th
the management of Mr. Ludovic Guilbeau, san
does a strictly cash business, and has a fine in
trade.
Mr. L. Tapissier has a very nice drugstore. entt
Mr. D. Micaud keeps a stock of fruit and sce
fancy groceries. He also keeps the hotel be
and is a great entertainer. ca
Mr. L. Deleglise keeps a grocery and and
liquor store. He does a good business.
Mr. F. Clos has a bakery and keeps in mor
stock a choice line of fancy groceries, can
dies, cakes, etc. mno
Mr. Simon Mathieu has a bakery near Cay
the depot. Cy
Mr. Simon Latour, watchmaker and jew- Mar
eller. Edt
Mr. A. Cheffer, dealer in lumber and all Bon
kinds of building material. Atu
Mr. J. B. Robert, wheelright, gunsmith in u
and blacksmith. Iool
Mr. Samuel Broussard, wheelright and oak
blacksmith. ger
Mr. G. Blot, saloon. ~Mr. Pierre Guidry, tice
saloon. Mr. Mlaurice Franzez, saloon. Mr. nece
A. Breaux, saloon nud hotel. * furt
An+ einchr
An experienced sugar planter informed[ j
t to your correspondent a few days since, that
the cane crop is in better condition now than
title he ever saw it before, atithe same period.
the *
Mr. P. E. Couvillon has gone extensively
nce into the bee culture. A visit to his apiary
Ik's is pleasant and instructive. Mr. Couvillon
ted is thoroughly versed in the habits and life
of the little workers, and takes much pleas
ns, ure in explaining everything to visitors. He
Sr. has the finest Italian and Syrian strains, ex
or- pericnce having taught him that they are the
)u- most docile and industrious.
ys- The pupils attending the school of Miss
as. Madeline Melchior gave a picnic last Satur- I
day in the woods near St. Clair Bayou. c
C. Fishing, happy singing-and romping was the I
order of the day. The little ones made the i
woods fairly ring with their shouts of joy. I
mn. Going to, and returning from the picnic v
waving little American flags, formed a pa- c
)le triotic and lovely picture.
no *
ity The outgoing Council deserve much
ill praise and credit for the good work they ac
no complished during their term of office.
he Mayor Courtney has proven himself a most
p- indefatigable worker, and with his Council,
re has left nothing undone, that was within
xt their power to advance the interests of our lit
tle town. If our new mayor and Council ac
complish as much, they may well be con
tented. 51+
sy The Carencro public school under the
r- able management of Mrs. E. W. Glenn, prin
e cipal, aud Mr. Chas. Heichelhiem, assistant, C7
se now has an attendance of nearly ninety
f scholars. * fa
I, The coulee running in an easterly direc- 0o
1e tion from Carencro, and which is the natural SC
r- and only drain for the town, should be
1. deepened below the large bridge near the
a Francez property. This is the only sure
method of draining the place, and should
be attended to. No substantial work in the
y wayof drainage can be accomplished in the
corporation as long as this coulee is per
mitted to remain clogged up as it is.
e TOTIDEM VERBIS.
An Eventful Day.
Nothing can be more delightful than trav- I
eling through the lovely section of the Ca
rencro region; it is enough to drive a lover t
of scenery out of his wits. In fact the scen
ery is simply enchanting, Now, fancy a
e broad road smooth as marble, winding up ,
the steep acclivities one after another, amid
I banks of earth teeming with lavish flowers and
s shrubs, now and then half hidden by bushes
3 ripening with blackberries; and this scene
f is relieved by the most luxuriant richness of
e cultivation, terraces of potato vine, fields of
n growing cotton and waving blades of corn. di
t Our admiration gave fancy full sway, till a
3 at length, half dizzy with gazing on this
- magnificent panorama, and nearly sated an
e with long draughts of the splendor of nature, LA
we reached our destination-Pout des Mou- G
tons;-and awoke from a delicious reverie,
only to gaze upon another fascinating picture:
a long string of vehicles, scores of school
children, lovely and charming young ladies,
I fathers and mothers, wearing a smile of con- w}
tentment as they complacently looked upon Lc
and leisurely surveyed the pleasures of the ke
young. The gathering comprising fully
one hundred people, were brought together fill
I to enjoy the pleasures of a picnic given by ha
the children of Prof. Boudreau's school. et
It was just such an assembly as one wishes M
to form part. The natural buoyancy of
spirits of the children, exuberantly dis- 61
played, the romping of the lads and lassies,
tended to create a feeling truly rejuvenative
I in those of riper age.
I Lazily lounging under one of those "old
majestic Druids" that have defied the de
stroying hand of Time, we gazed above upon
I overhanging forests of green moss, and
next the view rested upon fields sloping
away in the broken distance, and longingly
rested upon the lovely country skirting the
far-famed and picturesque Bayou Vermilion.
At the call of Prof. Boudreau the people ex;
gathered together to listen to an oration de
livered by Hon. Julian Mouton, the presi
dentof the Board of School Directors, which
was attentively listened to and much appre
ciated as was attested by bursts of applause; ST
at its conclusion the speaker was presented
with a pretty bouquet of roses, the presenta
tation remarks being made by Miss Louise
Guidroz, in behalf of the children of the B
school. Ho,
in LI
The splendid institution in whose honor hba
this picnic was given is conducted by Prof. Pgb
C. Boudreau, an able and experienced edu- Just
cator, between whom and the children and
parents exist the most cordial relations. The beta
professor informed The Gazette that he had pr
an enrollment of thirty-two with an average- T,
attendance exceeding twenty-five. The chil
dren are attentive, studious, and making fair
progress.
The speaking was followed by the spread
ing of a feast fit for the gods---and such
cooking as only can be found in a creole
cuisine, and we wish tosay that Heliogaba
lus at his supper which cost 5o,ooo pounds,
did not enjoy his food near as much ths
as we did-and that with all the zest of an ot
appetite sharpened by good cheer, sallies of dIr
wit, and environment of general happiness. ri
After the appetite was satiated, the chil- of'ih
dren again indulged in playful games. betw
They marched, romped clapped hands, and prop
sang merry songs, and we thought we had cs. I
never seen a more gratifying spectacle. tre ao
looked in vain for one who seemsd discon l.a
ented or weary. It was a really beautiful chs
scene. L
It was a great gathering, great in num- rows
bers and great in pleasure, and besides the ws
charming young ladies, their gay cavaliers, tools
and children, we noticed Mesdames: Ed
mond Martin, Simon Boudreaux, C.
Boudreau, Nunma Brcaux, Alexis Guidry, Si
monette Breaux, Lucien Arcenaux, Domi- TI
nique Arcenaux, J. P. Franccz, Dominique sorr
Cayret, H. Martin, Theolin Dupuis, and a n
Messieurs. J. P. Francez, M. D., ValerienO
Martin, Edmond Mouton, Ernest Bernard, get
Edmond Martin, Thos. Mouton, Prof. C. costs
Bondreau, Olivier Boudreau, Jos. Pellerin, ust
Aug. Mouton.
And we whiled away the time until A
in a moment of dreamy abstraction we to w
looked aloft and saw the tops ot the gigantic mode
oaks bathed in a glow of light from the lin- The (
gering sunset, we gazed upon it with a rev
erence and enthusiam that did partial jus
tice only to its intrinsic beauty, and only
necessity could enforce a departure from its
further contemplation.
All told it was a day fraught with many
incidcnts that we shall long remnember.
When we soug:ht our couch our excitement oc
that of exercise and the open air fanned
than us in a delightful dose and on entering
i. the portals of Morpheus' castle the last of
our waking moments were in recalling to
vely mind the lines of poor Othello :
Miry "If it were now to die
lion Twere now to be most happy; for. I fear,
Ii y soul has her content so absolute.
life That not another comfort like to this
Succeeds in unknown fate."
ens
lie The Gazette thinks it 'would meet public
ex- approbation if the street lamps were lit early -
the in the afternoon, so that by dark all would
be casting their lights. This suggestion has
been called forth by the observation that at
jiss dusk seems to be the time selected by the
tur- ladies for an evening walk, and, as the ex
ou. ercise and enjoyment thereof is likely to be
the prolonged even after the mantle of darkness
the is thrown over Mother Earth, the light to
oy. guide safely their foot steps becomes a
nic matter of necessity to say nothing of the
pa- convenience it affords.
tch CRYSTAL LENSES
c- a a
Quality irst isad Always.
ost
sin
it-t
J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celebrated
ty Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
factory of Kellam & Moore, the
C_ only complete optical plant in the
,al south, Atlanta, Ga.
be
he Sleatifl Aumlsau
re - -Ag si º f
Id
le
te
I -
O@AVRATS,
OOPae I HTS,
Oldest seeuring patents I A~,mie.
S.ery, tatea out by us is _bt before
*r publac b lotucr agven prb oi grat~de cLn t
I-a ciartntif t t zia
mo "BOSS CDe CitYhotl a i d M__l_SPgrD
Learge ercutton of any t e.ntiafe papeUln the
d sr J , 361 Bzooadway, o1w Yor kty.'
S. 6eorgiades,
,f Manufacturer of high grade can
dies, of every kind, and makes aS,
a specialty of the
s "'BOSS CHEWING CANDY" a
d and especially the "BOSS CHOCO
, LATE CHEWING CANDY." FI
Grand Opening Sunday T
OF MY FI
ICE CREAM PARLOR,
where choice Ice Cream, delicious
n Lemonades, etc., will always be CC
e kept.
y Orders for parties, weddings, etc., LO
r filled at short notice. He also
y handles tobacco, cigars, cigarettes,
etc., and his establishment is on
s Main street.
"Old Taylor" Whiskey.
A. M. MARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.-
V The "Old Taylor" is the best
Whiskey that experience, skill and
e expenditure can produce. It is the
perfection of distillation from grain.
COArSTABLE SALE.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YETrE-NO. -
JUSTICE'S COURT-FIRST WARD.
E/li IZcerpin vs. Uenknown.
By virtue ot a writ of fieri facias. issued by the
Hon. G. Mouton. Justice of the Peace of the First
ward of the Parish of Lafayette, State of Lotissana
in the abnove entitled cause, and to me directed, I
r have seied. now hold, and will offer for sale, at
public atttion. to the last and highest bidder, in sat
isfaction of said writ. in front of the office of the said
Justice of the Peace. at Scott, oni
I Saturday, May 27, 1893,
between the legal sale stours. the following described A.
property, to-wit :
One more and colt.
Tertm--Caslh.
I). ARCENFEAUX.
Constable tnt. Ward.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YE'TIE.-No. 3815.
Jao. J. Thomas vs. F-,rank Rie-/c.r.
y virtue of a writ ot seznure and .ilc. issued from
tho Honorable Judge of the t7th Judicial I)istrict j-I
Court, in anl for said Parish. State of Loc:siana, in
the an ove eltitled notd umtre ctl oc, ntnd to me
direccl. I have seizced anti sill offer for srle. at pttb.
lic assction, to the ant alld higheot 'idder. at the
rcsidence of lbtithlt ttichlson in the secotld ward
ofatho parish of Lafayette. State of Lotuisianla. on CY
Saturday, May 20, 1893,
betweet the legal sale hours, the following discribed
property, to-wit:
Lot No 6. Two six-feet I)enring Reapiers antd bind
ers. both with tleir tools and one set of annas.
Lot No. e. 0)ce old rnopetr and titder (broken)
withnlot cattvgs. ecners or neck yoke: or tools.
liot No. 3.-Ono old broken, binder, with canva., Mc
chaics or tool I.
Lot No. 3. Iwo second-hand cassidy plows.
Lot No. 5. ()ne NatIg l-Inpnood Ilow.
Lot No. 6. Two second hatd Clark Cutaway har
Lot Nore - orte second-hend Traction eneine. with
watertanks trashr attd straw stacker, with lots of
ISAAC A. HtO)USSAgI).
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
Estrav Notice
The undersigned has takten up an estray
sorrel horse brandced with the figure 5 with
a dash above it.
Owner is requested to come forward and
get same, proving property and paying
costs. V. B. CLARK.
Duson, April 22, t893.
For Sale
A lot. unimpro-ed. in thle town of Lafayette. nest
to Wm. Ciegg's residence, is offered for sale at a
moderate price. For further information apply at
The Gazette office, or to C. H. BRADI.,.v.
Lafayette. Lu,
DR. N. W. SWORDS,
DentiSt,
Office next to Bank building. Satisfaction guaran
teed. ntrs
tned
rinGO AND SEE IT
That Number 4 Shoe on exhibition i one of the show wi
dows at MOSS BROS. & CO.
blic
uid BIG SHOES
LITTLE SHOES
be Shoes
to Of
the All
Kinds
Shoes
Of
All
Sizes
And Rock Bottom Prices, at .
Moss Bros. & Co.
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on hand a fine line of
SWatches,
Clocks,
Diamonds,
Jewelry,
Silverware.
SMITH S& VESSON,
and COLT'S
PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES;
TABLE CUTTLERY;
FINE LAMPS, Etc. FOý;AflE ONLY BsY
S Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine and
Complicated Watches
fAi-Orders by mail olcxpress carefully filled.
LOCK BOX137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
-
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits a t
visit to RC
t
A FULL ASSORTMENT
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
= LU4,BGR =
AT WHOLESALE and RETalL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, MIouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Sorn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, htc.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEIASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries, Eltc. -
also, Ladies' and Children's Shoe~