THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JULY 27, 1895. NUMBER 21.
MOUTON BROS.
-DIBIALLIS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Uoods.
Lincoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watch maker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & $alles' Store.
LAFAY iTTLI, LA.
Gold mredal awarded at EIxposi[ton of
187S. RJepa;iring of lino w;atclh's a spe
cialty. All work cheap :and ,uarantoud.
MT. CAM CONTVT
LAI:A TTI're. .A.
Tho system of r'(iucaton includes tebo
Frenlch and imgl idh la;gutages, lsio
and all kinds of nit.,dle-w'ork. Every
att'lntion will Ito giv.n1 to the healthb
and cunl ,rt o,f thoe l,laced under tLh
cart of the Sisters.
k'ur teLrw apply to the Superior.
LAPFAETTBI
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT ai SUiJPPLY SHOP.
Noet:" Ihank luilliing.
FRED MOU 0 ON, Proprietor.
lowtst prices, .1:onsistL nt with work
done. All work ,romlptly a.ttelndodi to
batisfaction utar:;ntced.
I1. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Othice on Buchanan Street,
LA 'AYETT, - - - LA.
E. G. V)OORPHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOI'TAIIY PUBLIC,
i. 1Y. ELLI OTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LA FAYrI YiE, LA.
O . c.& J. MOUTON,
LAFA YI'T1T-, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
tabie.
Lincol: Avernu.,
Two Oloc:ks Fromn Depot.
First-class rc s ;,at r;irl'etiL:i prices
Careful driver, fturli-, d IV l recl{1 ired
IA ` L LTTE, tA.
?· · jan 1 7.
C. DLBAILLON,
Will practicn in Isafayvtto. St. Mart
and Vermtillin i'a'rih5les, and the Su
promo and l",d oral Courts at Opelousas
and New O.lcarns.
RAILROIAD IAiBEif SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIHE "OLD) RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AN D-
Sale Stable
E. CO~STHBTIN, Propristor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in thoe Stato 22 years,
and in lafayett'tto 'Parish 11 years, calls
attollntion to his now and si-:uessfu i treat
ment of tho respiratory or:gans. lodli
ral inhalations cuomnhinel with consti
tutional treatment aITor.iing a cur~O I
Consumption, in } hu fir.t and ecoed
period if they follow exactly tlh troat
nent and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chroinic discases in gen
Eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
--2x--;n D
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and promptattention given te
tbe collection of hiit.. ecoun ts. notes o
alrfts. Sale and purcase of lands at,
tended to. 1-lI
C, II. MOUTON,
/S.rtoxUey eat I Igiw,
MS iIiwruv4Ug. Li.
AI, EMONE.
1Thnt have I done for thee,
lhou dear anemone.
That th.ou shouldst yield to me
Thy whole year's dower?
Whht cloudy days and blue.
1What bights of star and dew.
We both have traveled through
To greet this houri
After thy winter's sleep
I know how thou dlttst creep
Up stairways dark and steep
To meet the spring.
I know how thou didst go
Through sodden leaves and snow
A way thou didst not know
Unquestioning.
- too have climbed and rrnt.,
Up rugged paths have stept.
And on stone pillows slept
MIalty a night.
Like thee, from clod to cloO
i1ndfolded, I have trod,
Often alone, save God
Seeking the light.
Brlef too. like thine. my hour.
Poor amethystine ilower'
For seel thy petals shower
The sunset air.
I too shall fade. and then
My soul shall bloom again:
But. flower. I know not when
1 know not where.
-May R Smith. in N. Y. Independent
THE THRESHER GUESTS.
IIY JI.ORtENCE It'L.LILE.N.
It was almost nine o'clock on a
breezy October morning whevle Mliss
Sophronia I.e opened the neat little
gate in front of Albert Stanning's now
house. There was a broad walk lead
ing up to a porch where a few great
purple clenatis blossomns upon a trel
lised. vine shlowed that the deceitful
October sun was coaxing out flowers
which did not belo,ng to his time.
Miss Soplhrouia heard the slow creak
of a rocking-chair as she crossed the
p'orch, and saw tllrough the screen
door a pretty young woman sitting
with a 1,,ook in her lap, reading. 11er
blhue calico wrapper was unbuttoned at
the throat, her feet were untidily
dressed, and her pretty, fair hair was
gathered into a frowsy knot. She rose
in .sonme confusion when she saw Miss
Splhronia, tossed her book aside and
pushed toward her guest another
rocker.
While the visitor removed her prim
old maid's bonnet and her cape, she
noted the untidiness of the room,
where the breakfast dishes were piled
il a uns-ightly heap on the table, and
flies held high carnival.
"I caine up to help you. Cissy," she
said. "I noticed as I passed Gorhain's
that the men were pitching fromt the
last sta'"k. They will be here before
noon. have you got your dinner un
der way?" The young woman colored
and her eyes, which were not blue, but
a yellowish gray, grew dull.
"They are not coming here-or at
least they are going to board at Father
Sta nni nng's."
"Then it is true."
"What, pray?"
The old maid rocked tranquilly and
produced her knitting.
". I heard some of the girls at the
society sayinig that you would not
dare attempt to get dinner for the
tlresh"rs; that your finnicky town
way;,-s might fool Albert, but you were
too smart to try thetm on with the
threshers. You know I do not pry into
your affairs from a imotive of idle cu
riosity, Cissy, and I want you to tell me
why you are acting in this way."
"\\ell, Albert thinks I can't coolk."
This was said with an elaborate afeec
tation of carelessness, but it did not
dec'eive M1iss Sophronia.
"And yet I have often heard him
boast ,of your good housekeeping--your
coking cn espcially.
"(), yes--at first. Iunt now we are
all wrong. I halte that sort of men
that go albout with the steam thresh
er! I shudlder to think of Jim Finn,
for instance, coiing into mny house. I
kItn.w that they will spit over every
thing and eat like wild beasts. And
whein I sald so Albert got mad and
said he would take themn to hi:! moth
er's, where they would get somnething
fit to cot."
"'Quite naturally," murmured lUse.
"Aunt Sophyl You were mother's
friend Iand I owe a lot to yon, but 1 ant
not. going to bear Ilhlt! 'Quite nat
urally' indeed! I think he was horrid."
"('issy, did you know Albert was a
farmer when you married hint?"
"Yo'u know I 'Liid."
"Then I suppose what I have heard
is true; that you have no practical
flood sense at all: that you supposed
farming to be all sunset, mnoonrise,
starshine, dewy apple blossoms, etc."
"'You know I ant not such a fool! but
I do not see the necessity of our being
lrought in contact with--,lim Finn."
"And these men who do nt know
how to feed tlhemselves necording to
your ntion, mire the very inca, if I ant
not mnistaken, Iwho, hauh',l and cut
vcrery stick of wood you burned that
winter your fa:ther died. I am nashlaned
of you, t'ecelia Srtanning!"
0o answer save thle slow creakl of the
young wife's rocker.
"Youl have been used to theem all
your life. It was that year with that
idle, .o-notlhing set at your aunt's
which has filled your silly head witli
false idleas. You are unkind to Albert's
mother, and the next thing you know
you'll be unlkind to .llecrt."
"I'm afraid I anm that now-some
times."'
"Well, a sin confessed is half re
pented of. Go comb your hair, alnd
come and help mne. I am going to save
your credi' 1by getting dillner for these
men." She began to gather up the
dihes while Cissy ran to her room to
improve her toilet, calling out direc
tions to Miss Sophronia from time to
time.
"There's a snow pudding cooling in
the cellar."
"Snow fiddlesticks! You want about
a dozen pies. mleat enough for a regi
ment, a peeki of potatoes and every
thling else in proportion. IHurry, child.."
Ci.ssy came forth presently withl
smooth halr, a rufiemd aprol n and tlln
ruttlod, demeanor; .she w',as neatly shod
and the yellov lights in her eyes hah
givon lplace to Qr cc0 ool grai'ness
"You straighten up that disgraceful
dining-room while I prepare the vege
tables; then we'll tackle the poultry.
But how shall we let Albert know?"
Cissy smiled demurely.
"lie would never take them up there
without coming home first."
"Oh," grunted Miss Sophronia, "then
he's not altogether vile."
"He's lovely, Aunt Sophy," said Cissy,
dimpling.
"I want you to have the credit of
this dinuer, Cissy," said Miss Sophronia,
peeling potatoes as she taked. "You're
like my own child to me and I want
you to be happy and stay happy. The
door to it is duty. I know. I missed
it myself, and so I missed my grand
children, unless I can be grandmother
to yours, Cissy. I don't so much miss
my man, nor my children, but I guess
it'll be pretty hard on bliss Sophronia
use if she misses her grnndchildren!"
The houn.e was soon tidied-not a
long task, for tidiness was its normal
condition-vegetables made ready.
fowls put to roast, and ham cut in a
profusion which looked to the young
wife like waste.
Eleven had struck before the engine
had ;inorted and puffed its way into
the rick yard at Albert Stanning's, but
ahead of it rode the young master of
the farm, sheepishly conscious that he
had been cruelly unjust, and sure that
he would have to acknowledge the
same before Cissy's eyes would look
kindly at himn again.
Delicious odors greeted him as he
neared thie house. No one was in the
kitchen, but there was a sound of
some one moving about in the dining
room adjoining. Rows upon rows of
delicious looking pies were ranged up
on the pantry shelves, pumpkin, cher
ry and apple. Near them was a pan of
fragrant brown pudding, flanked by a
foaming pitcher of lemor sauce to
drown it in by and by.
Dazed, the young man, who seemed
in no way an unusual young man e::
copt that he appeared to have more
length of leg than lie could conven
iently use, passed into the dining room
vwhere a long table was laid, as exquis
ite in every appointment as if the
president of our great republic had
been an expected giuest. ilis wife was
flitting about adding somine finishing
touches to the table, and Miss So
phronia was seated near a window with
her knitting work in her hand, anl a
bo,'k upon her knee, knitting and read
ing as was her habit. Albert clutched
his wife as she passed hiln. "So you
didn't get mlad at what I said this
morning'. I've felt like hanging my
self to a sour-apple tree ever since."
"Yes. I was. Mad all through. And
don't you ever say such things to me
again. You and I to gqiarrel-after
all!"
Then she gave him a kiss, basted the
browning fowls, turned the sputtering
ham ani thanked God she ti as alive,
and that Albert was alive to love her.
At twelve, before the last stroke had
died awny, the new dinner bell hunrg
upon the top of a white oak pole b'y
the well sounded forth its welcome
sunln,)ns; for to be "behind hand with
dinner" in the Pretty Bob neighbor
hood was all as bad as to provide but
one kind of pie.
Somnehowv as the men trooped in they
did not scemt quite so repulsive as a like
crowd had been at harvest time. They
were boisterous. bandyinngcoarse jokes.
making fun, ('issy knew, of what they
were plensed to call her "pernickerty"
ways, and her "m'lionshine meals," but
she merely smiled. She e-en lhung ip
the lift I clean towel without a sign of
disgust, and iyv the time they were
seated at the table she owned to her
self that even Jim Finn might be
wvorse, for had she not seen hinm fondle
her pet kitten, while waiting his turn
at the washbowl?
She poured the fourth cup of coffee
for poor, tremb.ling, or'nnry neighibor
.Jones-who ntte his pie with his knife,
held within twvo inches of the point,
naid drew his great, hairy hand across
his face ii lieu of a pocket handker
chief-without once looking across at
Albert. She asked Tim Lewis, who
was more than suspeeted of mnaking
nidnight visits to his neifghbors' hen
roosts, how his lanme boy was, and1 told
hinm not to forget to take a pocsketful
of sweet apt,les home to himn. 'The rest
of the men were neighbiors, good houn
est men whll knew better than to ask
the s:ttne ti an tw'ice for a chesw of to
bacco without offering a return of tihe
favor, who "belonged to church" and
did not :,wear except under great prov
ocn t ion.
M.idway in the meal t tiiss Sophronia
looked up from her book.
"'l'd offer to help you, C(issy, but you
seem to be getting along better with
out time. 'J'Too alminy cooks,' you know,
'spoil the broth.'"
It wouldl have dne pnool-, tired Cissy
gioodl to brear the rmctnar:ks of the men ua
they.- sinlcdl their pip,': umndecr the oaks
itn the back ya rd.
"'That se-ttles it," said ( -'; "if T hear
the si-omcie piskiii' any mire jokes at
Al's wife, I'll shoot ohm' stilhin' thanfl
S;cti.tle 'mni. I hain't lmet with such a
dinner since m'y Imanmmy's iday."
"'Three kin's of pic and a puddin'!
That lays it over anything we've seen
yit. A\I kniwed what hie's about vh,,u
ihe ttarried that town gal, now 1
tell ye."
"'Ihid you hear thle Gorham gal tick
lin' liboutt tile ,disne'r we'd git to-day?
I jus.t wishit she could a-seen it!"
"Thenl sogzy appledumplin's 'nt we
had thar 3istidlay lays heavy on my
stummiak yit," tiiis from Tin Lewi';
"I cldrnapped one on my foot an' it hiltrted
so I sort a-kicked it inter the dooryard,
an' them pore chickens is tightin' over
it till plumb yit."
As soon as the buzz of the threshet
was heard Miss Sophronia bustled out
of her chair.
"Noow for supper, and then dinner
to-morrow': Vie muust't. lose what
we've gained. Two of t!lher men isill ie
here to breakfast. You -it down and
let Icme washl tile dtishes!"
"No, so. \Y'hoeve(r heard of setting
one's gu':rdian nngel t, wa;sh the
dishes!"
'Nt y," said Mi-s Sipimphmu'.isia., snf5 '.
"I don't aspire to the oil.,-of ,'t:i.i i'
angel-I only want to be--gmraudmuL'
,ar.-Orang0 Judd Form.r.
LAUNDRY LORE.
Some Useful Hints otn Vashing Diereant
Ara ietes.
The usual, ordinary way of washing
stockings, by the usual, very ordinary
laundress, is to take the rinsing water
left after the white clothes are oat,
put in the stockings with a "'sink or
swim, live or die, survive or perish"
sort or air, treat them to a brief but
violent species of massage, and hang
them up to dry, covered with specks of
white line-a disreputable hoary ar
ray. Needless to say, this is not the
best way.
The first essential in wa.shin- stock
ings is to have an absolutely clean
soap solution in tepid water. Put in
your stockings right side out, rub
well, turn and rub on wrong side. If
the color is at all delicate, rub the feet
first, then the legs, so as not to leave
the latter long in the water. Rinse
thoroughly in water of the same tem
perature, wring dry, and hang from
the tolps of the stockings, so that if
any water settles, leaving a little dis
coloration, it will be in the toe rather
than in thle leg. The black stockings
now are usually fast color and give no
trouble. If the colored stockings show
signs of running or fading, the color
may be set with alum or salt water,
only bearing in mind that alum will
be apt to set the dirt as well as the
color.
Silk stockings should be washed and
rinsed in lukewarm water, andt wrung
between towels. Silk underwear
should be soaked twenty minutes in
warm suds andl ammonia water, al
lowing a tablespoon of ammonia to a
gallon of water. Rulb gently with the
hands-squeezing, pressing, but never
scrubbing. I)o not be too lavish in
tihe use of soap, and never rub soap di
rectly on the garment; alwaysuse it in
solution. Rinse through two clear,
warm waters of tihe same temperature
as the suds, adding to the last water a
trille of ultramarine blue and a tea
spoonful of liquid gumn-arabic. Smnooth
out and hanr as carefully as possible,
so as to avoid the wrinkles so hard to
iron out of silk without injury to the
fabric. \Vhcn nearly dry, press under
mnslin.
Doilies should be washed gently in
wa;rtn suds, using, only the purest of
soap. If the colors are inclined to run,
rinse until clear; take out of water
without ii ringing, lay on one heavy
cloth, arid l.y another over to absorb
the inmoisttt.-. If ironed while damp,
linen needl. no starch; just a suspicion
can be added to the last rinsing-water.
Fine lace can also be washed in clean
suds, letting it soak half an hour first.
Squeeze anti press it until quite clean;
rinse, and wnile still damp press it by
hand, shaping it into the smoothness
required over the knee on a towel, or
pin it to a clean ironing sheet fastened
lirnnly on the table. A little coffee
may be used in the rinsing-water to
give it tile prized canary tint, if so de
sired.
Shawls anti other knitted or cro
cheted wools may be washed in warm
suds in whi icha tablespoon of ammonia
to a gallon of water is used. Let the
article soak about twenty minutes.
then squeeze it in the water until clear.
Rinse in clear water, being careful
that the temperature remains the same,
and dio nlot stretch too munch by ironing
and pulling.--llarper's lazar.
IN CHANCERY.
The Irnunense Amounn nt of Money Tied Up
in t he English Court.
The funds in court in 1Sti amounted
to the Iinge total of :;1.075., 187 4s. Id.;
but thie proportion of this sunt in want
of owners is not stated. It is interest
ing to note that during the preceding
year payments were made to success
ful claimants and others amounting to
£ Ii,::1,15. :as. There is also a large
smtnt in court under the heading "For
eign Currencies," made tip of rupees,
crownsl., dollars, florins, francs, guild
ers, lire, and marks. Reference should
also ;b e made to a long list of boxes
andl otnher miscellaneous effects re
Iining in the custody of the Bank of
IE'nglarnd, on behalf of the supreme
court of judicature.
An ,filleint list of the titles of chan
cery causes undealt with for fifteen
yeanrs or upwardis is published trienni
ially; biut, as the names of the testators
or persons entitled to the funds are in
tlihe majority of cases not stated, the
infortnatiot n is of little value to tile
general publli. To give an instance:
In I1S2: Nathaniel ltrigg"s, one of the
next of kin of Thomas Stork, who
died iln 170io, was advertised for by or
der of the court of chancery. The fund
was not clailmed; and in the latest list
of dormanlt. funds we find the title of
tihe chancery suit given thus: "P'ome
roiy vs. lBrewvr." No mnention is I;made
that the next of kin of Thomas Stork
are wanted.
An ile a of the largeO number of simi
inr cases ntlay lie gained from thie fact
thalt tihe list of unlclained funds tills
157 nages. This list is only an index
t, tile titles of accounts, and is not in
any sense eitlher a register of next of
kit wvanted, or of lapsedt legacies, in
testates' estates, unclainmed dividends,
prize money, etc.-Chlambers' Journal.
The Kerchief.
Handkerchiefs, first, are small and
shlcer and pre -white, and with just in
suspicion of trimnming. Some hIave a
very narrow in.oertion and edge of
-valenciennes, with plaited corners.
(thiers have thie simplest possible nem
broidered edge, anti a small white
initial or monogram in one corner, en
circled by a narrow ribbon tied in a
bow knot at the top, just like the
small stamps uised on the letter paper.
A handkerchief of old lace is, of course,
always elegant, however heavy and
large it may be. Handkerchiefs should
not be folded when ironed; they should
be kept in a square case of suede just
the size of the handkerchiefs them
selves, and a square inch of the ex
pensive pean d'Espagne sewved into the
lining will give them a most exquisite
andl delicate perfume.--Chicago Mail.
-Accounted for ilis Nervc.--Maud
"Th'it stupid fellow proposed to mne
Ilst . night. -He ought, to ]nave kno~wn
Ib eforenhcland thlint I shoultd rn.fuso huilm.'
Marie '1'efrhaps he dil."--lrooiklyn
I bitto
OF GENERAL INTEREST.
-To "cut stick," a euphemism for
running away, is an expression found
not only in English, but also in French,
German, Italian and Spanish. It is
supposed to refer to the practice among
travelers of cutting a staff from a
hedge or tree before beginning a jour
ney.
--elladonn z is a preparation from
the deadly nightshade, a plant familiar
to most persons from being frequently
seen as an ornamental shrub in the
flower gardens. All parts of the plant
are actively poisonous, and many fa
talities have resulted from the leaves
or berries being incautiously chewed
or eaten by children and other persons
-One finds still all over the older
portions of the south the remains of
fine old family libraries of English
classics, the best editions, well bound
and well kept. These libraries were
once the pride of planters in Maryland,
Virginia, the Carolinas-the states that
included the best educated southern
ers, men strongly under British tradi
tions, and lovers of good literature.
-Cinnamon is the bark of a tree
which is native to Ceylon, South In
dia and many of the East India isl
ands. During the middle ages it was
highly esteemed as a medicine, and
one instance is on record of a pound of
it being sold in Spain A. D. 856 for a
sum nearly equivalent to one hundred
and thirty-six dollars of our money. It
was believed to have the property rft
keeping away devils.
-An interesting feature of some
new dining cars recently turned out
by the Midland and Glasgow & South
Scotland railways is a series of mova
ble partitions by which the car can be
divided into compartments to accom
modate parties of four. This insures
absolute privacy, and in summer the
doors are left open through the car for
ventilation. The cars are handsomely
furnished, are lighted by electricity
and provided with electric bells.
-There is something very like
a corner in San Domingo mahogany.
The wood has been getting scarcer
year by year, and it is said that the
only large stock of it in this country is
held by a rich shipbuilding concea_
The price is going up, and contract u
are looking askance at specification
that. call for San Domingo mahogany
Slabs of the wood found in old furni
ture bring hizh rates, as such pieces
have the perfection of seasoning, and
are usually as sound as new wood.
-There is an amusing anxiety on
the part of publishers to persuade
lecture managers that new lights of
literature are likely to prove success
ful in the lecture field, and vice versa.
The success of a literary man makes
him an object of Interest to the lecture
manager, though it by no means fol
lows that a novelist of sudden popu
larity will draw large lecture audi
ences, because novelists that are
known in New York and other large
cities are very little heard of in the
towns to which lecturers go.
-A balloon equipped with self-reg
istering instruments to measure ths
temperature and pressure of the ate
mosphere at high altitudes was recent
ly let loose in Berlin, and came dowr)
with the instruments in good condi
tion, in Bosnia. The instruments
showed that the balloon had reached
an elevation of fifty-three thousand
eight hundred seventy-two feet, over
ten miles; the thermometer had fallen
to fifty-two degrees below zero, the
lowest it could record. Another bal
loon sent up later reached seventyr
two thousand feet above the earth, cr
thirteen and a half miles.
--Coach No. 102, of the Boston &
'Maine Co., is ventilated by a new sys
tem which does away with the tran
som and yet prevents unpleasant
draughts. The air is taken in through
screens under the hood, and in passing
to the rear drops down through the
ceiling. Across the middle of the
double roof is a partition which com
pels this air to pass down into the car;
after passing this cross section parti
tion the air passes up again into the
rear half of the roof and out through
the rear hood, taking the foul air with
it. This plan works very successfully.
and a number of their new cars are to
be ventilated this way.
A Royal Yacht.
Medieval magnificence combined
with modern comfort characterizes the
beautiful steam launch which has just
been constructed for the use of the
king and queen of Italy at Venice.
Painted a snowy white, it has a large
pavilion of carved mahogany. In front
are the royal arms,supported by cupids
astride of anchors, and behind is the lion
,of Venice flanked by dolphins. On the
sides, two eagles of Savoy spread their
wings. The windows are framed by
slender columns, which seem to sup
port the roof, thus giving lightness to
the appearance of the launch, which is
a marvel of wood-carving, painting,
and luxurious upholstering. -ChicaTgo
Tribune.
Repartee.
•'No-w,what do you want?" asked the
sharp-nosed woman.
"1 called to see if I could sell you
some bakin' powder," said the seedy
gentleman with the straggling whisk
"Well, you can't sell no bakin' pow
der here, and I ain't got no time to
waist on peddlers, anyway."
"Come to think of it, ma'am," said
the seedy gentleman as he fast
ened his valise, "I wouldn't keer
to sell you no powder. This
here little dinlky kitchen of yours
is so low in the ceilin' that the bread
wouldn't have no chance to rise."-In
dianapolis JTournal.
Relatlve Ieerease of Population.
The notion that the population of
Britain is increasing faster than that
of any other European country is a
mistaken one. The German people,
who in 1816 numbered only 25,000,000,
are now more than 45,000,000, and their
present rate of increase is greater than
that of any other European nation.
They add yearly 115 to every 10.000 of
their population, while the United
Kingdom adds 101 to the same uumber, I
snd Franoe only 8.--N, Y, S.lt.,
AGRICULTURAL Ii INTS.1
GOOD COUNTRY ROADS.
It Takes a Great Delst More Tham Talk to
Secure Them.
I know well enough the kind of plan
the country is waiting for; it wants a
plan that will give it roads for noth
ing. No revolution of that kind is
likely to occur. lBut it does seem to
me, and has always seemed, that a
settled and united policy of employing
public prisoners on the roads might
easily improve the trunk lines to be
gin with for a minimum of cost.
I have urged this before often, for I
had seen how well it could be done.
Every county gaol should work in
unison on a trunk road through a
state. Very often one or more of the
county .farms will own a crusher, but
if not a good deal may be d ume in
breaking by using proper long-handled
hammers. All the stone for the crack
British roads was so broken, and may
be is yet, but then there was a con
tinuous systemr about it, while here
there is none. There the stone heaps
are deposited along the roadsides
about 30 yards apart, and broken dur
ing December, to lbe laid on during fall
and winter.
They don't try to build a road in a
few dlays that -will last forty years
without attention! They don't ballast
country roads fronm gutter to gutter 16
inches deep as our splendid new road
architects do! They don't send two
horse teams along to pick up the stones
first, and then throw themn off again
into the ditches as I have seen done in
this very state: Thley don't let water
or even mud stay in a rut. for they aim
to keep their roads without ruts! Ev
ery drop of standiting water is let out
of such little tlepressions as exist.
Some old fellow wholi does not want
to go to the poorhouse is given work
on each section (abont 2 miles) of road.
He does all the work except hauling.
A good road is first property rounded
up. that is, sufiHeiently to throw the
water to the ditches and gutters.
Generally uBritish roads are narrower
than here. perhaps :ti! feet or so: in
such a case in the country a road gets
about an ineh of stone in the fall, and
then the attendant with his wvheel
fA yI agrd
harrow and hoe scraper does the rest.
keeping the gutter open and breaking"
the stone piles, (I ought to say that
the stone piles are never In, ire than I
inches high and flat on top. so that a
runaway teanm would pull over themn.
and not knock their brains out) in the
summer with a long handled hammner,
and a piece of netting over his face!
Practically this is the system all overir
the British empire, and some pa rts of
Canada-which is in N'orth America.
There is a section of a Itritish road
on the Lincolnshire marshes-which
were once far softer than the prairies.
The ditches arc kept in order by ad
joining owners. The stuff froln the
ditches built up the road. The ditches
are kept distinct.-.James lMcPherson,
in Landscape Architect.
HARD COUNTRY ROADS.
Until We Have Then Publtlc I'rosperity
Is Ilounut to Siffer.
At this time of the year we can ap
preciate good roads fully, and it is to
be regretted that we forget how incon
venient bad roads are as soon as the
roads that are blad get good in the
spring. A few weeks ago iwe had oc ca
sion to drive four miles ttinto the coun
try in northern (Ihil,, where the roads
get frightfully bad on occasion, anad
although we had a fairly good tearn
and a light buggy. the best tinle we
could make was to drive tihe four miles
in an hour and a half. W\hen we ar
rived at our destination the tearn
showed the effects of the harl drive
ve-ry plainly, though they had not been
driven off a walk. A week ago;, in
southerml Ohio. we saw a teamin trotting
along hitched to a wagion oi which
was 3.000 pounds of hay. They have
good roads in southern (thii, or rather
southwestern Ohlio, and they derive
the benefit fromn them. 'lhev cost a
tidy sunl to make, lbut now that th,-y
are made tilt. people benlefited~ would
not retulrn to the liarblirous mud roads
of formler years for aniy cons'ideration.
The costliest item (of expense to thei
farmers of this coulntry is thei loss they
sustain front inmpassable roadls. There
has been much a gitation on the iu ) jeet
and it is having its effect, but until
somlethling is clone to improve the con
dition of the roads of this counitry its
prosperity twill suffer to an enorlntltus
extent,. Laand in a coullr.ty sltwhieri, the
roads are goodl is worth t\wice as muntch
as in a mnud roaidclcounty, anil thi farmlll
ers of the ciuntry coulld not piia tax'es
for any purpose that would n;lake griat
er direct returns. (lold roa;ds are
necessary3- to a perfect civilization, andi
that Inenns that we shalll havie ttlilIn
sme time in the not ldi.tllt future.
Springfield (0).) l'arn e N-ws.
To Fstteni Cattle tJIIekly.
To fatten cattle most rapidly at this
season of time year provide a pasture
with at least one acre of gra.s for en'ih
cow or steer. Iegin with five pounds
of cornmeal anId oine pound of cruh-ihd
oil cakle for each animnal. Increase thi
feed lby adding one pound of cornmeal
and one-half pound of oil cake daily
for two -weeks. If corn is grounld with
out the cob make a mixture of three
parts meal and one part bran or mill
feed by weight. A ration of twenty
poonds meal and bran. eight poundls
oil cake. with grass, water and salt,
will fatten the animals as rapidly as
heavier feeding. I would use nothing
but old process oilmcal.-D. 1V. Mott,
In American .Agriculturist.
tirerct Loss from Poor Roaud.
Although the methods of attaining
the result afford discrepant indications
as to the amount of los duet to, ill-kept
hiirhwvays in Mlassachusetts, they nlike
clearly indicate tlhat tthe direct loss is
very great: probably a miu in t s to smhilt'
ivhere I,-twuecn five aind tt'il ili!lion
dollars per sutnnurn.-Report Ma ,s. (klu.
Il ighw a"8
THE APPLE ORCHARD.
beting Trese Close Together Is 5ald it
Have Some Advantages.
Some time since a writer in your pa
per advised planting apple trees 35 to
4.1 feet apart, as this will prevent rot,
permit the apples to color up better,
etc. In part he was right, but in my
opinion he was on the whole wrong.
In order to make an orchard profitable,
it is necessary to have more trees on a
given amountof land than when placed
33 to 45 feet apart. If we can do this
and not injure the land, trees or fruit,
I think we have made a fair start to
ward profitable commercial orchard
ing. \Vhile a tree is young we get the
best crops. The fruit is larger, more
perfect, and less liable to rot. In this
locality a tree begins to fruit at the
age of five or six years from planting.
The next 10 or 12 years the orchard is
in its prime, and if during this time
we can get one-thlrd more trees and
have one-third more fruit to market,
we are just that much better off. The
accompanying plan shows my method
of setting an orchard which will in
crease the number of trees one-third
and still give ample room for hauling
and gathering until the orchard is 17
or 1r years old. If they then interlap,
remove every other one, and you will
still have as many asby planting 45 feet
apart in squares, and besides you will
have had 12 years' use of the trees
removed. I have given much observa
tion to and had some experience in
this matter, so if I were to plant 50
orchards I would follow the scheme
above outlined. My advice to every
young man is, plant in this manner,
cultivate well for five or six years,
branch the trees low, give them an an
nual topdressing and the orchard will
pay, other things being equal.--C. P.
Polk, in Orange Judd Farmer.
ELECTRIC WEED KILLER.
Its Inventor Claims to Have Hlrought ,.l
Down to Practlcal Sllape.
The electric weed-killer, which was
experimented upon some time ago with,
varying results, i.s said to have been
brought down,-ti to practical shape. The
device was intended originally for the
destruction of grass and weeds along
railroads. It is now proposed to ex
tend its application to land covered by
noxious weeds, such as the Canadian
and Russian thistle, cockle burrs and
the like. It is expected to be especially
valuable in the destruction of plants of
the thistle tribe, in which the root
must be destroyed in order to annihi
late the weed. It is claimed that the
use of the electric weed-killer will re
duce the cost of keeping railway lines
clear of vegetation from $40 to $SO per
mile per year. The operation of the
device is based on the varying con
ductivity of vegetables; the more
moisture they contain the less re
sistance they offer to the current. The
ayparatus co'nsists of an alternating
generator mounlted on a car. producing
electricity at 2,00;) volts pressure. and
"stepped up" to from mi,0o0m to 24,0:5)
volts, according to tile kind and quality
iof the vegetation to be destroyed. The
current, after being raised to the re
mluired voltage, is conducted through a
series of tine wires or "brushes" to the
toips of the wveeds or grass; the other
side of the current being made through
thlie wheels of tile ear to the ground.
The ernrent leaps from the suspended
bru ish to( the w'eeds, and passes through
themU ti thle groundl, thus completing
the circuit. Thle current traverses the
eintire lhength of the plant. from the
tipmuost leaf to the roots, rupturing its
cellular tissue and completely destroy
itg it. The root is generally affected
ilore than the rest of the plant, from
the fact that it contaninsmore moisture.
In llil llc ases the current, in passing,
he'ats tilhe plant to such an extent that
it 'annot ble held in the hand. It is
said lthat the apparatus can be quickly
equipped, and at no great expense.
l'hie SIzre of ]'ullry Flocks.
Large Ilocks of poultry are kept as
suo-ccessfully as small ones, provided
thie coilitionus under which they are
kept are- tthe samte-. But tlhey must
ha:lve a primportimmuate aulount of space
alidl iif ca:lre. TI'o oltuai the latter they
nimuist be divilded up into families and
1,.ec-me indlividuals i.nstead of aggrega
tions;. This is essential that the eye of
thet master may see to the welfare of
each, and in ;any easets of lice or disease
may be (luicli to detect the trouble and
apply the remedy. Tilus is more read
ily and cheaply done in the early
stagies, and wheu but few have been
exposedl to its cintamiuating influence.
*u11-rcl tlmese points are properly con
.ilered. large numbters of birds can he
handled successfully, but direfailure
is certain to await thle one who at
ti'mpts to ignore them. It has been
pro-ved over and over again that poul
try. like most other living things, can
not stand overcrowding, and that indi
vidual attention is as necessary to
chickens as to children. -Rural WVorld. -
(are of Milk In Summer.
Cleanliness in all dairy operations is
of tirst importance. Milk with dry
hands. Keep the atmosphere in whieh
the milk must stand free from bad
odors. I'reserve the desirable flavors in
the c'eim m. If the milk is wanted sweet,
lowuer the temp4nature as soon as the
milk is drawn from tile cow to just
ablove freezing if possible. Neglect of
propr' care of milk by patrons is the
I cause of much trouble at the facbtory
Sand results in a like reduction i~ ~ :"
Sproftt itpasto bZe hoae ..
. .:. : . ,: ,.:,.  : =-=