.m ..... I ul n l l| II~m ..nn ni..... . ..n ... . .in .. . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .. u.n.nnm . n . .. nuunnmn Iu mmnm Im hai, I mm ,,Dram as nn mmm nn n n n i maeI I m ea aI u e ma la im u liMuunmm
THE LaAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1893. NUMBER 8.
[Copyright, 1B9, by
the Author.]
E WAS the
veriest old
bachelor that
ever wore
s ho o e-leather,
wvas Mr.
George Barnet
-c cce nt ric,
precise, and-oh, so proper! Why,
bless you, he wouldn't have taken Mrs.
Jones' rootl at all it she had been
youngish and the least good-looking.
The ft rat thing he asked her was if she
took in ladies. lie couldn't dream of
taking lodgings there if
"Oh! dear no, sir," he was promptly
assired, with a twinkle of fun in Mrs.
Jones' optical organ. "I never take no
ladies; they're too troublesome. Mine
is only for gentlemen."
On which Mr. Barnet permitted him
self to be shown the front parlor and
the first-floor back room, let with it
for a bedroom. Mrs. Jones marched
,in, throwing back the coverlet to show
that the bedding was spotlessly clean;
but her invitation to "Step in, sir, and
see for yourself," had the reverse
effect, for the old gentleman, who had
peeped timidly in, backed out blushing
and stammering: "Thank you, ma'am
-er-yes, yes; I see, thank you; it's
quite nice."
That trying ordeal got through, he
faced round onl two doors clearly be
longing to two front rooms and in
quired what they were and who
lodged there. Mrs. Jones answered:
"This door, sir, next here, is a sit
ting-room, and that is the slip-rpom (a
bedroom). A young man has them
two rooms-a most quiet-be'aved, re
spectable young man he is, sir."
"Ah-h'm. I hope so, ma'am, I hope
so. I could not remain where my very
next neighbor was irregularly conduct
ed, you know."
"Oh, no. sir; but that ain't Mr. WVel
by. lie don't interfere with nobody!"
The old bachelor took the apart
mespts. Before long, being of course
ten times more curious than any wom
an, he soon managed to encounter his
next-room neighbor in the passage.
He was a dashing-looking young fel
low, who stood aside for the old gen
tleman with a polite "Good morning,"
-and then ran lightly upstairs.
"By Jove! what a queer old party it
is, Mrs. Jones," said lie that evening.
'"looks to a T the awful piece of pro
priety you said. IHa! ha!-you didn't
tell him what I am?"
"Law, sir-no! Hle'd fly out of his
skin, let alone the house. How are you
getting on, sir?" asked the landlady.
"Oh, first-rate, Mrs. Jones. I shall
soon have all perfected and I think the
entertainment will be a success."
Mr. Barnet was appallingly regular
in all he did: the routine of one day
was, with the rarest variation, the
routine of every day. lie was the most
to-be-pitied creature-a bachelor of
I6derate means and no occupation.
*'For a whole fortnight Mr. Blarnet
busied himself trying to find what that
next-room tenant did for his living.
By dint of a score of devices known to
the curious, he discovered that young
Welby came in and out at all hours.
As all was comparatively quiet in the
front room in the evening he fondly
took it that the tenant thereof not only
"came home to tea," but stayed at home
studying till an early bed-time.
"Really, a most properly-conducted
young man," said Mr. Barnet to him
self one evening at about the end of a
fortnight.
Alas for his premature approval;
only two evenings later it was some
what disturbed. He heard young
WVelby come in alone; but instead of
there being only slight movements
overhead there was something of a
commotion. The table and chairs
were moved about. Then the lodger
himself walked about noisily and the
deep mutterings of his voice penetrated
to the puzzled listener below. Good
gracious! was he talking to himself,
to Mrs. Jones or to whom? Was it
possible that any other than Mrs. Jo
No, no; the thought was too awful. It
quite took 'Mr. Barnet's breath. Be
sides, he would have heard the most
fairy-like footstep or rustle of feminine
garments, as.his door was ajar. It atl
ivays was, by the by. Why, there was
young Welby going out. Yes, the door
shut; and what was more, it hadn't
opened again to that young man at ten
o'clock.
Thie was really looking serious, and
Mr. Barnet pursed his respectable lips
as he slowly retired to his dormitory
quite a quarter of an hour late.
"I shall just lie awake and watch,"
mattered the old gentleman as he got
into bed, which was next the thin
partition wall. "If. that young scamp
is going to-ahem--keep all sorts of
improper hours-really, anythingmight
happen next, and my character be com
promised!"
But Morpheus was not to be so easily
eluded, and Mr. Harnet dozed for a
solid half hour, He was awakened by
a burst of laughter from the sitting
room next his apartment. Mr. Barnet
sat up, rubbing his eyes, utterly indig
nant at such nocturnal orgies. He had
indeed actually raised his hand to give
an angry knock at the wall, when a
sound broke on his ear which made the
remaining hairs on his respectable old
head stand on end with horror.
A silvery feminine laugh and voice
from that next room!
There was no mistake about it; no
disordered nightmare or half-waking
fancy in the matter. A giddy laugh
and a pretty voice, that said saucily
and very distinctly:
S"My dear fellow, of course I know
you are dead gone on my little self, but
"' Oh, my, fe for shame!
WhIat will yotur wife saya
What will your wife sar?' "
This adaptation of an out-of-date
music-hall song was sung, and Mr.
Barnet fell back on the pillows gasp.
ing for breath.
Then came Welby's stifled laugh
again and his voice delightedly:
"That's fine, Dottle. my love! What
a boom we shall make of the affair at
this rate! We'll clew up now, though.
I'm tired."
So the selfish scamp didn't even think
that his wicked companion might be
tired too. Vas he going to let her out
-see her home?
But in vain the scandalized old gen
tleman listened for any such indica.r
tions. All he heard was the sound of
a box-lid being shut down. Slipping
out of bed to the door, which he softly
opened - an inch so as to peep, he saw
TVclby pass quietly out into his very
small bedroom and in three minutes he
could be heard snoring.
Then that creature in the sitting
room would slip out of the house pres.
ently!
"Good Heavens! What a shameful
scandal the whole thing is!" gaspeds
poor Mr. Barnet, creeping back to bed.
WVhat could he do but speak to Mrs.
Jones? And yet, how could he frame
words to even allude to such audacious
impropriety?
Tap-tap-tapt
"It's ten o'clock, sir," came Mrs.
Jones' resonant tones outside the door.
"Eh-ah-no-dear me-yes, I'll be
down soon, ma'am," cried Mr. Barnet.,
starting up in alarm.
Mrs. Jones retreated, giggling, but
she looked as solemn as a judge when.
later, Mr. Barnet sent for her, and
with much stammering got out that
sie was quite mistaken about his next
room neighbor's character. Nothing
less than the evidence of his own
senses would make him say so, but he
had heard last night, "near midnight,
ma'am, a girl's voice-yes, it was a
music hall girl, Mrs. Jones;" and then
the old gentleman told her what ha
had heard, to his utter scandalization.
Mrs. Jones couldn't believe but Mir.
Barnet was mistaken. Mr. Welby was
certainly not married, and couldn't be
guilty of such improper conduct as
having in a lady visitor so late.
"I heard it ma'am, I tell you!" cried
Mr. llarnet. "Dottie was her name.
Good Heavens! What is that scamp's
occupation?"
"\VWhy, sir, he's an entertainer, the,
-that's all, and must have been re'cars
ing over by hisself for his new enter
tainment." She was smiling.
"Good gracious! a play-actor, you
mean?" cried the horrified lodger.
"That's it, then. By himself, indeed,
Mrs. Jones! I heard the woman's very
voice and words. It's a scandal, ma'am,
and I won't stop."
"Well, sir, I'll just be on the watch
to-night on the top landing, and if yor.
hear anything again, step out and call
up to me, and we'll see for ourselves,"
said M"l's. Jones.
To this Mr. Barnet agreed, and Mrs.
Jones retired-but up to the first floor
lodger's room. If worthy Mr. IB. had
listened he might have heard peal upon
peal of stifled laughter.
* * * ,r * w *
"Mrs. J-on-es! Come-he-re-quick!"
Time, near midnight; the sound, a
hard, shocked whisper up those upper
stairs. Down came Mrs. Jones to Mlr.
Iarnet, who, also dressed, stood at
his door, trembling, scarlet, but tri
umphant.
"Now, ma'am, will you still believe
I was dreaming? Listen yourself at
that r-reprobate's door."
"HIa! ha! my dear boy," came the
silvery tones of "Dottie" from within.
"I AM THE LEA1'ING LADY."
"I'm such a nice little sweetheart, eh?
But I must play lead, you know-never
mind the wife. Ta-ra-ra-"
[Welbyv. I "Bother her-she can't
act."
[Dottie, repeating after a slight pause
and from the other end of the room.]
"Bother her-she can act."
"There, ma'am," whispered Mr. Bar
net; "what do you say now?"
"That, we'll see with our own eyes,
sir. Hush! he won't hear the door."
She softly opened it wide enough for
them to peep in-she over Mr. Barnet's
shoulder, perhaps to conceal her face.
M1r. Barnet nearly stiffened where he
stood. His worst fears were confirmed.
WVelby stood backing the door. The
table and chairs were pushed aside,
and to and fro the other end of the
space was gliding the prettiest, tiniest
lady, scarcely four feet high, and rich
ly dressed. She turned slowly each
time, waved her tiny hand, said: "I am
the leading lady," and glided across,
turning again in the same way. It was
too much for Mr. Barnet's- propriety
and morals.
"You barefaced, audacious scamp!"
the old bachelor cried, bursting right
in, in a blaze of indignation. "How
dare you, sir, bring into a decent house
such a shameless-"
"Whew!" said MIr. WVelby, swinging
round with dancing eyes and low bow.
"as-the fair Miss Dottie, leading ladyv
of Welby's Troupe of Automatic Pho
nographic Marionettes!"
Table au! and collapse of Mr. George
Barnet.
-A Sp anish student, going out with
a party to shoot rabbits, was told not
to talk, lest he should frighten the rab
l'its. When the timid creatures ap
'eared, he uttered an exclamation in
Latin, which frightened them away,
and, upon his companions blaming
him he said: "Who could have sup
posed that rabbits understand Latin?"
AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
A TAILLESS RHYME.
If you cannot, with your roadster,
Prove your tower and station high,
If you want to make the people
Feel your might as you go by,
You can cut your horse's tall off.
You can bang it with great care
That will show the stuff you're made of
That will make the people stare.
,r'.If you carnot run for congress.
{ Though you've wealth and gold unto
Any nabob of this nation.
There's one thing that you can do;
You can cut your horse's tail off,
You can bang it with great care
That will show the stuff you're made of,
That will make the people stare.
If you cannot, in the scramble.
Find the place that you can fill
If you'd show the world yolr value,
There's one way to fill the hill:
Go, and cut your horse's tall off,
Go, and bang it with great care -
That will show the stuff you're made of,
That will make the people stare.
If you'd like to prove, with Darwin,
Afen have risen by slow degrees
From the ape to human stature.
Then descended back with ease;
Go. and cut your horse's tail off.
Go, and fashion it with glee
That will show the stuff you're made of,
That proclaim your pedigree.
Do not wait one moment brother,
While there's such a work to do,
Time is rushing like a river.
Cannot ston for men like you:
Go, and cut your horse's tall off,
Rob him of his best defense,
Show to all your lack of feeling,
Show the world your lack of sense.
-Our Dumb Animals.
ABOUT SHEEP LAUREL.
A tWeed That is Often Fatal to Sheep
W'ht.h Nat It.
Sheep laurel (Kdami aogustifoloiu), il
lustrated herewith, often called nar
row-leaved laurel or lamubkill, is eaten
by sheep who have access to it, chiefly
during winter and spring, and it is
often fatal to them. It grows on low
or dry grounds, and has narrow, obh
long, short petioled leaves, opoosite or
in threes. It blooms in late spring,
the flowers being small, and in color
crimson-purple. The symptoms of poi
son are disinclination to move, froth
ing at the mouth and nose, staggering
gait and blood-shot eyes. Immediate
attention must be given, as they often
die in twenty-four hours. The treat
SBEEP LAUREL.
ment is to dilute the poisonous food
and expel It from the system as soon
as possible. This may be done by giv
ing two ounces of Epsom salts in warm
water; also by injections of warm soap
suds. But carefully removing these
plants is the wisest plan to follow.-
Orange Judd Farmer.
POULTRY PICKINGS.
NEVER keep a rooster that is not ro
bust.
COR tNIEAL and bran, mixed with milk,
is good for young ducks.
GIlANUrLATED corn is better for feed
than whole corn, and some prefer it to
meal.
How IANI breeds of chickens would
you advise afarmer to keep? WVe would
not advise him to keep more than one
breed.
IF you will keep the poultry from
taking cold you will not likely have
roup; and rememberthatfilth depletes
the system, and causes it to take cold
the more easily.
1VwN poultry droops its wings, its
feathers ruffle, the comb and wattles
turn black and the bowels are very
loose, thiere is no appetite but great
thirst, you have cholera in the flock.
"'MJY poultry does not eat as well as
it should. I feed the best of foods and
enough to have it always before them."
Thus writes a subscriber. The trouble
is that you feed too much. Remove all
thle feed and feed no more than they
wvill eat up cleaon.-Farmers' Voice.
Use of the Mower.
If the farmers throughout the coun
try would use the mower more freely
they would not have so many wveeds to
contend with. 1Veeds are one of the
worst enemies we have to contend with,
therefore we should try and find out
tlhe best and cheapest method to get
rid of them. and we have one of the
host remedies mentioned in the fore
gouing by the use of the mower; an
ot her way is to keep the fence corners
clean.
PULVERIZING THE SOIL.
It wrlagu Pleat Rood Into a Store Avalld
ble Condition.
There are several results to be gained
by thoroughly pulverizing the soil be
fore planting the seed. If this is done,
in nearly all cases the seed will germi
nate quicker and better, and plants
will make a thriftier start in growth.
A certain amount of heat and moisture
is necessary to induce a good germina
tion of the seed, and in a majority of
cases this can be secured by placing it
in contact with the soil, and a fine tilth
will help materially in this. Then
when the soil is in a good tilth the
fine, tender roots of the plants will be
better able to penetrate the soil to ad.
vantage.
One of the principal advantages
gained in pulverizing the soil is that
the plant food is brought into a more
available condition for the use of the
plants and this helps materially in se
curing a better growth.
In many cases, even in a thin, cropped
down soil, a much better growth and
yield can be secured if the soil is pre
pared in a fine tilth before sowing the
seed, and kept so during growth by
frequent cultivation, than would other
wise be possible. By bringing the soil
to a good tilth before planting, it is
easier to keep it in a good tilth after
wards, while the plants will make a
more vigorous start to grow.
While fair crops may be grown in a
rich soil with indifferent preparations,
the best growth and yield is only pos
sible by having the soil in a fine tilth
before planting the seed, and as far as
possible keeping it in such condition
during growth.
With nearly all cultivated crops one
of the best plans of management is to
plow reasonably deep, prepare the soil
in a good tilth before planting the
seeds, and then keep it thoroughly so
during growth by shallow surface cul
tivation. This puts the available
plant food in good condition to be
taken up by the growing plants, and
helps materially in supplying the-nec
essary moisture.
The more thoroughly the soil is pre
pared before planting, the less work
will be necessary to keep in a good
tilth afterwards; hence, it is good ecoa
omy to take time to prepare perfectly
before planting the seeds. -Make the
conditions of growth as favorable as
possible before planting the seeds, and
it will be less work to maintain a goof
growth. -Prairie Farmer.
POULTRY MANAGEMENT.
Why It Pays to Attend Carefully to teem
iang Trifles.
Theory is worth something, but ex
perience must be the test of all discus
sion as to methods in the management
of poultry as in all other things. The
little attentions which can hardly be
measured are in the aggregate what
count at last in the care of poultry.
A writer says there is in the culture of
poultry a great difference in the plans
used by breeders, when striving to ac
complish the best they can. Though
aimingto attain the highest possible
results by different inethods, the young
beginner often fails to follow at judi
cious course in the management and
feeding of his fowls, by following every
plan, simply by being practiced or rec
ommended by some poulterers. The
inexperienced novice is too apt to think
that any kind of care or food will do in
poultry keeping, and when cold
weather sets in he allows his fowls to
forage for themselves anywhere and
everywhere, neglects to provide suit
able shelter and proper food when the
season and necessities to their comfort
and well-being demand them. Care
lessness in the little details necessary
to good management will soon show
In the condition, health and prodtd
tiveness of the fowls. The more care
and attention to their daily wants the
better their appearance and health,
and the more clearly they are kept in
well lighted and well ventilated
houses, and the more uniformly they
are fed and watered, the better returns
they will give their keepers, remem
ber. This course of treatment always
brings the best results, not alone in
raising poultry but any kind of domes
tic animals. We never knew an ani
mal to thrive and be profitable to its
owner if kept in a half starved or neg
lected condition. Poultry demaends
good food and good care to be produc
tive, and without productiveness there
is no profit-. Always bear in mind that
eggs and flesh must come from good
food and proper care and attention to
the wants of the fowls. - Western1
Rural.
A HANDY PUSH CART.
An Article That. Will Found of Service In
Mny Ways.
The accompanying engraving shows
a push cart that will be found of s-rv
ice in a score of ways about a place.
It is a common hand cart, with sides
and ends of slats so arranged that all
may be used, forming an inclosed rack.
or the two sides only, when it will
be found especially convenient for
drawing in green cornstalks from the
field or garden, where one keeps but
a cow or two. It is a handy cart for
A HIOMEMADE HAND CART.
the village resident who has to depend
on a wheelbarrow, or some such ar
rangement as this to move his small
crops and other stores. The sides and
ends fit tightly into iron sockets, and,
for stability, lock together at the cor
ners when in place, as shown in the
engraving. Anyone handy with tools
can constructs a very serviceable rig of
this sort. the ohly necessary adjuncts
being a pair of wheels, which are often
at hand from some broken or worn out
wagon, sulky or other light yelsi-le.
Americnn Agrisulturist
I CLEVELAND ON THE TARIFF.
A strong Denanclation or ~'etous Pre
teetlon Iegislatlon.
Of President Cleveland's fealty to the
platform upon which he received the
support of the people of the United
Statcs there can be no doubt after his
inaugural address is perused. There is
no equivocation or indirection in his
words. He says:
"They (the people) have thus determined In
favor of a more just and equitable system of
federal taxation. The agents they have chosen
to carry out their purposes are bound by their
promises not less than by the command of their
masters to devote themselves unremittingly to
this service. While there should be no surren
der of principle, our task must be undertaken
wisely and without vindictiveness. Our mis
sion is not punishment, but the rectification of
wrongs. if in lifting burdens from the daily
life of our people we reduce inordinate and un
equal advantauges too long enjoyed, this is but a
necessary incident of our return to right and
putstice.
"If we exact from unwilling minds acqul
escence In the theory of an honest distribution
of the fund of governmental beneficence treas
utred tp for all, we but insist upon a principle
which unlderlie. our free institutiona When
we tear aside the delusions and misconceptions
which have blinded our countrymen to their
condition under vicious tariff laws, we but
show them how far they have been led away
fromn the paths of contentment and prosperity.
When we proclaim that the necessity for rec
rnue to support the government 'furnishes the
only justitic:tion for taxing the people, we an
nounce a truth so plain that its denial would
seem to indicate the extent to which judgment
may be influenced by familiarity with the per
versions of the taxing power; and when we
seekl to reinstate the self-confidence and bust
ness enterprise of our citizens by discrediting
ran ubjtct depetdllilce upon governrocntal favor,
we strive to stimulate those elements of Amer
ican character which support the hope of Amer
ican achievement."
The recognition in these words of
the right of the people to command and
the duty of their servants to obey is
plain and unhesitating. It is a recog
nition of the fundamental principle of
demnocracy-of a truth that cannot be
;ainsaid. The viciousness of the ex
e:-ting tariff laws has been made ap
parent to those who thave long been the
dupes of the monopolists, and a vast ma
jority of the electors have decided
that the tariff tax must go. If there
has heretofore existed any fear that
there might be lack of cooperation on
the part of the executive with the pur
pose declared at the polls, that distrust
hIas been removed. With harmony and
a common aim between the people,
their representatives in both houses of
congress and in the white house, there
can be no excuse for dallying with an
is:uue of such paramount importance.
Protection has had a fair trial, has
been convicted of endeavoring to sub
vert the theory of popular government
and condemned to death. It only re
ma;ilns for the executioners to do their
-work. Congress is called upon to
formtlate the decree President Cleve
land will not hesitate to perform his
part and administer the coup de grace
to the iniquitous system which has for
so many years corrupted our legisla
tion. initimidated our executive officers
and robbed tile workingmen of the
just fruits of their labor. A new era
in industrial conditions has already
dawned, for the slavery of the people
of tile United States to the protective
tariff oppressors has practically
ended.- Chicago Herald.
HARRISON'S RECORD.
Tihe Legmac'y of UnesonlInd Republican Doec
trines.
What is likely to be the verdict of
history upon ]1r. Harrison's adminis
tration of ilutioltl affairs? Politi
cians of his own party--his most biting
critics-have become accustomed to
refer to his regime as one which makes
the administration of Hayes seem bril
liant. Put to their reasons, however,
these detractors must confess that the
blunders at which they point t]he fin
ger of scorn have been of a sort that
militate rather against their party's
strength and coherency than the good
of the country. As a politician the
retirin~ president has been indeed a
lumninous failure-not because he
s-corned to enmploy the politician's art,
but because he bungled it. lie never
knew wchen to cease pressing a van
tage, tnever mastered the artof making
friends of enemies. Ills cohorts at
Minneapolis were in the main bought
with otlices. A coldly selfish leader
surrounded by coldly mercenary sup
porters, his candidacy evokled no en
thusiaslm in his own party, and its re
sult was disastrous, as might have been
foretold.
litt it is not with the es-president a
relations to his party that the nation
is concerned. As chief executive of
tihe union it may be said that his great
faults were his party's faults, his vir
tues were his own. Committed by
party dictation to ait exaggetoated tariff
system, ia swollen and. ever-swelling
pension list, and a hectoring policy in
international questions, he did the na
tiol at hiotable setrvice by carrying each
to so extreme a point that the people
sunccessfnlly rebelled. The scandals of
hbi administration were mainly abuses
of the appointing power dictated by
more or less unwise conceptions of
party expediency. Over the foreign
policy of the Hlarrison regimlne there
must always hang a fog of uncertainty.
Whnt were his relations with his first
brilliant secretary of state and how
much truth lurked in the rumors of
serious clash of authority must be
purely matter of conjecture. Through
out, however, the president bore him
self vit.h admirable dignity.
Gen. linarrison deserves to carry with
him into private life the honest respect
and sincere esteem of the people. Hon
orable, dignified and patriotic his part
in the administration of public affairs
has ever been. None can qulestion the
sincerity of the convictions which have
made him a most unswerving defender
of republican economic doctrides. But
how mistaken those doctrines ate is
shown by his leaving with his envi
able personal fame at WVashington ,.n
empty treasury, a pressing debt and a
swollen tax list.--Chicago Times.
- -Another four yearsof republican
slam would have thrown the country
into the hands of a receiver. The in
coming administration has a great task
before it to right the mischief of the
past four yoars.-Albany Argus.
--From John W. Foster to Walter
Q. Gresham will be a very healthy
move for the departmcnt of stata-N.
', World, l
CLEVELAND'S INAUGURAL..
Commlents of the Demoecratic Press one
the President's Speech.
There is no hesitation or evasion in
that portion of President Cleveland's
inaugural in which he deals with the
tariff question. He pronounces square
ly for a tariff for revenue only, and in
this stands with his party.--SL Louis
Republic.
No one can read the clear and strong
words of Mr. Cleveland's inaugural ad
dress without feeling he has a very
distinct idea of the duty of his party as
well as of his own, and a very firm pur
pose to hold his party to its duty as
well as to perform his own.-N. Y.
Times.
Upon the larger lines of political
thought and action, the new adninis
tration sets out upon its journey
toward the fulfillment of democratic
pledges with much to encourage its
members and to cheer the friends of
good government.-Louisville Courier
Journal.
The inaugural address of President
Cleveland was worthy of the man and
the occasion. Higher praise could not
be given. Less praise would fall
short of justice. The prevailing spirit
of the address is that of patriotismn. In
this it is like the paternal addresses of
WVashington or the earnest admoni
tions of Lincoln. The utterances are
those of honest conviction. The tone
is that of determined courage.--N. Y.
World.
President Cleveland's inaugural ad
dress is brief and directly to the point
on all subjects to which he addresses
himself. These are subjects which
immediately concern the well being
and progress of the nation. Mlr. Cleve
land. affirms his purpose, so far as it
rests with him, to carry out the will
of the people as expressed in the elec
tion, net in any rash or destructive
way, but firmly and consistently.-N.
Y. Post.
Grover Cleveland became twenty.
fourth president of the fUnited State.,
in the prime of his powers, being in
his fifty-seventh year, in good health,
and having had four years' experience
as twenty-second president of the
United States. lie carries to the exec
utive of the greatest of nations mature
judgment, phenomenal independence
of will and courage to seek tdeffcctu
ate by constitutional means the demo
cratic principles upon which hle ls been
elected. His second installation in the
white house marks the beginning of a
new era in the progress of the Amer
itan people.--Chicago Herald.
Not the least impressive part of the
proceedings was the inaugural address
of the newly-installed president. lMr.
Cleveland has a well-established repu
tation for happiness in the making of
addresses, and on this occasion lie was
more than usually felicitous. The ad
dress is broad, strong, statesmanlike
and in the best sense fitting to the oc
casion. There is no attempt at orator
ical or rhetorical display. It is the
plain speech of a plain man to a plain
people. In its earnestness, however,
its conciseness, its grasp of the situa
tion, it is a model of what such a speech
on such an occasion should be. It is
the right word at the right time and
in the right place.-Detroit Free Press.
PARAGRAPHIC POINTERS.
---The Harrison dynasty has ex
hausted its possibilities of power.
There will never be another president
named Hiarrison.-St. Louis Republic.
--,Some of the republicans are kick
ing because beauty is not a'characteris
tic of Cleveland's cabinet. Well,
we've had enough beauty; now let's
try a little hard sc nse. -St. I'aul Globe.
- President Cleveland will find few
changes in the white house since he
left it, but if he wants to be convinced
that some one's been there since he's
been gone let him look into the vaults
of the treasury.--Chicago Times.
--It hurts the republicans mightily
to have to get out, but it may be good
for them in the end. They had reached
a point where they would have been
spoiled forever without the sound
thrashing they got.-St. Louis Re
public.
- When President Harrison was
inaugurated there was $94.000,000 free
gold in the treasury. To-day there is
but .3,700,0000. Mr. Hlarrison seems to
have feared that some crank might
consider Uncle Sam too much of a
"gold bug" and shoot him.-N. Y.
World.
-Whatever 'Mr. Cleveland's party
may do, or may fail to do, there is gen
eral confidence, born of his previous
administration, that Dir. Cleveland, so
far as lies in his own power, will give
the country a firm, courageous, clean
and patriotic administration.-Indian
apolis News.
-The closing administration has
been a dismal and disastrous failure.
What it looked upon as its crowning
glory, the iniquitous MIcKinley law,
proved the source of fatal weakness
and contributed more than any other
one influence to the overwhelming de
feat encountered last fall.-Detroit
1ree Press
- Mr. Cleveland has very properly
devoted the early hours of his occu
pancy of the chair of the nation's chief
executive to the graceful amenities
which ever follow a great victory. It
will be only a few days, however, till
the beneficiaries of the republican in
terregnum will begin to hear things
drop.-Chicago Times.
--Cleveland is the man for the era.
He is the typical American, the
typical business man, the typical
citizen. He has the pride of character
but no pride of rank. He has ambition
for result but none for glory. He de
mnands of others what he gives himself
to them and to duty-faithful and in
corruptible labor at the business tasks
assigned.-Kansas City Times.
----Seventeen pardons for as many
bank wvreckers and defaulters, which
are accredited to President Harrison, is
a pretty fair proportion of the whole
number of convictions for defalcation
from national bankis which have tbeen
secured during his term. It is a long
l;st, and it must be taken to show a de
cided tenderness toward such offcd
ers-Springfilld Uepublivlst,
SERIOUS FACTS ABOUT BREAD
hicteh Housekeepers Should Earasstly
Consider.
A serious danger menaces the health
of the people of this count n the
numerous alum baking po ers that
are now being urged upon the public.
There is no question as to the detri
mental effects of these powders upon the
system. Every Board of Health, every
physician, will tell you of the unwhole
some qualities they add to the food.
Some countries have absolutely prohib
ited the sale of bread containing alum.
Even small doses of alum, given to
children, have produced fatal results,
while cases of heartburn, indigestion,
griping constipation, dyspepsia, and va
rious kindred gastric troubles from irri
tation of the mucous membrane, caused
by the continuous use of food prepared
with the alum or alum-phosphate pow
ders, are familiar in the practice of
every physician.
It is not possible that any prudent
housewife, any loving mother, will
knowingly use an article of food that
will injure the health of her household,
or perhaps cause the death of her chil
dren.
How shall the dangerous alum pow
ders be distinguished? And how shall
the danger to health from their use be
avoided?
Generally, alum powders may be
known from the price at which they are
sold, or from the fact that they are ac
companied by a gift, or are disposed
of under some scheme. The alum pow
der costs but a few cents a pound to
make, and is often sold at 20 or 25 cents
a pound. If some present is given with
it, the price may be 30, 40 or 50 cents a
pound.
It is impossible to name all the alum
powders in the market, but any baking
powder sold at a low price, or advertised
as costing only half as much as cream
of tartar powders, or accompanied by a
present, or disposed of under any
scheme, is of this class, detrimental to
health, and to be avoided.
But the easy, safe, and certain pro
tection of our bread, biscuit and cake
from all danger of unwholesomeness is
in the use of the Royal Baking Powder
only. This powder is mentioned be
cause of the innumerable reports in its
favor by high medical authorities, by
the U. S. Government, and by the of
ficial chemists and Boards of Health,
which leave no doubt as to its entire
freedom from alum, lime and ammonia,
its absolute purity and wholesomeness.
While its use is thus a safegnard
against the poisonous alum powders it
is satisfactory at the same time to know
that it makes the whitest, lightest,
sweetest and most delicious food, which
will keep moist and fresh longer, and
that can be eaten with immunity hot
or cold, stale or fresh, and also that
owing to its greater strength it is more
economical than others.
These facts should incline consumers
to turn a deaf ear to all importunities
to buy the inferior powders. If a grocer
urges the sale of the cheap, impure,
alum brands, it should be borne in
mind that it is because he can make
more profit on thern The wise house
keeper will decline in all cases to take
them.
Take no chances through using a doubt
ful article ahere so important a matter @a
the health or life of dear ones is at stae.
THE USE OF MENTHOL.
Sometbil, g About the Commerelal tistory
of tre Dbrug.
The medicinal use of menthol in
China and Japan goes back into the
dateless ages. Isolated references to
its application in the east are met with
here and there in the records of western
travelers in those parts, but, we shall
probably never know the name of its
discoverer or the early history of its in
troduction. We do not even know
with absolute certainty when, and by
whom, menthol crystals were first
brought to the notice of European
pharmacologists. It is said they have
been used pharmaceutically on the con
tinent as long ago as the end of the
last century, but if that statement is
capable of proof, the drug must have
fallen into oblivion shortly after its
introduction, for it was certainly
utterly unknown, even by repute, to
most persons in the drug trade twenty
five years ago Somewhere about 1864
a consignment of the drug was received
in London under the name of Chinese
peppermint oil, and passingly com
mented upon for its curious property of
solidifying with a fall in the tempera
ture. To the late Mr. John Mackay, of
Edinburg, belongs the distinction of
having called the attention of British
pharmacists to the valuable proper
ties of menthoL Mr. Mackay is
believed to have brought "Po-Ho-oll
with him from Paris. where it was then
sold, in the small red-labeled Chinese
bottles familiar to eastern travelers, as
a kind of proprietary article. Had men
thol been an utterly valueless quack
medicine, it would, perhaps, have taken
Europe by storm then, and reigned for
a season, just long enough to gather a
fortune for its first exploiter. But as
the drug happened to have a solid ther
apeutic value, ithad to wrestle through
the familiar stages of contumely, ridl
cule, animosity, and unreasoning pop
ularity, just like any new creed or re
former. The commercial history of
menthol practically dates from 1878,
when an English firm in Yokohama
made a small shipment of it to London,
determined not to rest until they had
succeeded in securing for the remedy a
footing upon the market After many /
months their shipment went back, with
a note from the agents, announcing
that the stuff could not be sold as
no one knew what to do with it. But
the Yokohama firm perservered, and
they reaped their reward. Four years
later menthol crystals were the rage of
the season, selling at 60s per pouned
wholesale, and carried about in cons -
shape by all persons with any pretense.
to the possession of ai civilized nsrvoae -
system.-Chemist and DrLtggist,
-His Preferenee.--Lady of the House
-"As I wish to mabe the ten agreeable,
wIill you gentlemheh please say with or -
without cherry brea~dgy, W , Mr.
Forrester?" Mr. Phimsetter-Ift yo
s-~Br,