. rea' suerind . IWas cured by
prisonrde Stanley '
:Pr.
de Stanley
Liulo GIld6 Sullred
WIWt serooful or salt rheum on the top of his
hea One bottle of Bood's Sarsaparilla per.
OOtFS Hama.
tool cured efv ithe u
disease has never e
appesred. He is fivey
years old and as healthy
as say child We Jraise Hood's highly.
CUAUEs MlrEAL. Glendale. such.
Nood's Pills are sate, harmlesshseure.
COUCHS, COLDS,
-AND-
INCIPIENT CONSUIPTION.
LOUISCOOK. Nw ORlEANs. Says: "ItgtcS
me great pleasure to be able to say tat Lococe's
Cough KEllrthe best preparation for coughs
and colds e~ar used-and I bave used a good
smany. I che fully recommend It."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE SOo and $1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CQ4
New Orleans. La.
McELR -
WINE OF ARDUI
For Female Diseases.
You want an Organ. Of course
You want the BEST. The
MASON & ANIAMLIN has won
HIGHEST
HONORS
At All Important
World's Fairs since
that of Paris, 1867, in
cludingChicago,:89 ,
and is absolutely
UNRIVALLED.
W If your local
dealer does not sell
our Psamee and
Org.m, we will
send on approval
direct from factory,
to responsible par
ties, at our expense.
New Stle s·a. Writefor p1aticulars.
ew Stylee at Popular Priees Just out.
soldon our Espy PE mennt Plan or eneed
small ipmrebi. Catalogues Lame.
MASON & HAMUN OROAN & PMlO CO.,
soer)o. Nw toRe. CHICAOo. KANSAS Ci.
B a.ORMIKANI
.:rf"alle~tP, ae r
a s tteek oa easitsr
Qesinast Gol E
Maee are receipts, for removing vari
oskntids of tain-" -.
C~aee, Teaand Wines.-l thei stains
on:the table linen are of long standing.
and havre been washed with sosp, i is
rather difrlult to get rid of them. unt
javelle .wter-which :can be- made at
home or bought of a druggst-isgeizne
ally most suneessful. Put about half a
pint of javelle water and a quart of
clean water into an eirthen bowl; let
the stained article soak in this for sov
eral hours. Then rinse thoroughly in
three waters. It is only white goods
that can be treated in this manner, as
the javelle water bleaches out the
color.
Sewing Machine Oil Stains.--To re-
move these stains rub the stain with
sweet oW-or lard and let it stand for
several hours. -Then wash it in soap
and cold water.
Pitch and Tar Stains.-Rub lard on
the stain and let it stand for a few
hours. Sponge with spirits of turpen
tine until the stain is removed. If the
color of the fabric be changed sponge it
with chloroform and the color will be
restored.
Ink Stains.-Tear blotting paper in
pieces and hold the rough edge on the
ink when it is freshly spilled, or cover
the spot wvith Indian meal; or the liquid
ink may be absorbed by cotton batting.
If the ink be spilled on a carpet, cut a
.lemon in two, remove a pprt of the
rind and rub the lemon on the stain.
If the ink-stained article be washed
immediately in several waters and
then in milk, letting it soak in the
milk for several hours, the stain will
disappear. Washing the article imme
diately in vinegar and water and then
in soap and water is another remedy
which will remove all ordinary ink
stains. - No matter what substance'be
used to remove ink the stain must be
rubbed well. If the article stained be
a carpet on the floor use a brush.
Grass Stains.-Rubthe article stained
with alcohol, then wash in clean water.
HINTS FOR THE TABLE.
RAPID eating is slow suicide.
PLESTY of time should be taken.
Fisa and oysters are easily digested.
Ax hour or two of rest should be
taken after the meal.
MERE gratification of the appetite is
very likely to shorten life.
DINNEB should be of a lighter nature
in summer than in winter.
A QUART of wheat contains more
nutriment than a bushel of encumbers.
TuHERE is a happy mean between eat
ing everything and being squeamish.
IT is not good to dine when in a state
of mental or physical weakness.
LIGHT soups, light desserts and light
meats should have the preference in
warm weather.
An-rsE of the stomach at dinner wfll
be repaid sooner or later by that pun
ishment which comes to the glutton.
VEOETABLES and fruits are to be used
most generously at that season of the
ycar-ifi which they naturally mature.
Sl3GINNIXO the dinner with soup is
the very best way to get the whole
sys'em in condition for assimilating a
.hearty meal.
HANGING WINDOW GARDEN.
A Sinmole Afalr That Can De Constrected
for a Few Cents.
Many people are so situated that
their gardens, if they have any, must
be on a platform on the outside of some
sunny window. Such hanging gardens
are capable of afording a great deal of
enjoyment. Many, however, are de
terred from enjoying such miniature
garden from the fact that the ordinary
frame work that is used for the par
pose is too expensive to construct, and
is applied much too permanently to
FOIl A wINDowl (ABDEN.\.
make it applicable to a rented house,
where many flower lovers are to be
found. The illustration shows how a
simple afair can be constructed, and
how easily and simply it may be at
tached and detached from the outside
of a window. It is a shallow box, with
the inner side left off, the outside being
as elaborate or as simple as one may
elect. The inner edge of the box is at
tached to the window frame by hooks
and hook eyes, while the chains on
either side end in rings that are support
ed by hooksat the top. Beautiful flow
ers, and not a few of them, are capable
of being grown in such a hanging gar
den.-American Gard.n.
The Latest in Hilardreasing.
In the present mode of hairdrecsing
little or no false hair isworn. The un
dulating style is the thing, and to pro
duce this the hlair is waved all through
its thickness, gathered up loosely at
the back and made to form a soft knot,
somewhat in the shape of the figure 8.
It is dra~wn out a little ateach side so
as to cover the top of the ear andto
produce a wide outline. The "bang"
or "'fringe" hlas been almost entirely
discarded and only a few soft loose
rings of hair are allowed to stray over
the forehead. Some hairdressers use
smaM cushions at the back of the head
ever each ear, and this gives the wide
outlihe which seems sodesirable. Some
very smart women wear their hair
parted in the middle, with very flufy
curls at the side and waved in the back.
The coil drawn to the top of the head
a surrounded by a braid.
- ew Professlon for Women.
'"Window gazing" is said to be a reg
elar profession ih London. A couple
of stylishly-dressed ladies pause before
the. window of a merchant, remain
about fyve minutes and audibly praise
the goods displayed inside. Then they
aLs on to another store on their long
imtn of patrons
asts or soups.
Cook--The boarders complain that
te soump tastes ike thin dishwater.
Mrs. SImdndet - Goodness et We
-_: .. ... . -. , = : - / . ' . - -
SA ',ret . i iJs isa .boon h to ,oo
S'y',, i~olpwlxw . fortunate as to
beiavt, fteshot I omt only -adds to her
:beauty . but 15ste:istb to the goodk
> 'Beltu ofa ..possessor'
-home·quently it may be, when not as
good ashouldbe, improved by care
of th liet, by the proper use of the
linti an by r avoiding whatever makes 1
one, oraeen dull and apathetic.,.
Osneof the mosti vexing of- ith ene- 1
miss of a good complexion arie black
herdsor flesh worms which are very
liable to degenerate into ugly-looking
white pimples, by no means endowed
with a life of their own, although this
is the general belief concerning them.
They are simily the result of unclean
liness, for the oily matterexuded by the
pores forms these black specks, which
dishonor'the ~rttiest face and are in
reality nothing but accumulated dirt.
Wien blackheads have once been
permitted to form it is quite a difficult
matter to get rid of them. Many ap
Splications are recommended for the
purpose; for instance bicarbonate of
soda dissolved: in hot water, borax
water, white of an egg applied to the
skin on retiring to bed, pure alcohol,
ete., but, besides being irritating to
the tissues, all these substances are only
I successful for a brief period, and when
too often repeate are worse than the
evil they.are misupped to cure.
The only way of getting permanently
rid of blackheads is to thoroughly wash,
night and morning, with water as
warm as can be borne, and then bathe
the face for ten minutes at least in tepid
milk by the aidofa a soft and very fine
sponge. Continue this for a month,
and you will find that your skin has be
come pure and sweet as a baby's.
BANNER LAMP SHADE.
How to MIake One of These Artistle Noew
eltls at Home.
An improvement on the old-fashioned,
stiff, upright standard is shown in the
accompanying illustration of a banner
lamp shade. If one cannot find some
thing of this sort at the stores, a very
satisfactory substitute can be made by
purchasing a stout piece of copper
wire and bending it into a graceful
shape. The attachments for legs can
be secured by a piece of wire about
the size of the standard, but 'bent
double, the ends at the point of attach
ment being wound about the standard
in an artistic fashion. Another way
a
t
AUTISTIO LAMP SBADXE.
still is to twist two pieces of wire for
a the standard, and into this twisted
standard can be woven a third piece of
s wire, which can be bent into supports
0 at the proper point. A banner, with
some open work at the top as well as
at the bottom, is most attractive.
Orange Judd Farmer.
Girls Make a Queer-Pledge.
"A curious pledge was taken by a lot
t of San Francisco girls at the instiga
t tion of their pastor, a Dr. Martin," said
a young woman yesterday. "Last week
a he delivered a lecture to 'young women
f only.' The majority of persons when
. they saw the dainty badges -pinned on
e the shoulders of the girls were very
much surprised when they learned the
import. They had signed a vow, a
d unique one, contrived by Dr. Martin,
that not one of them would ever hold a
secret engagement or receive atten
tions from any man that their parents
did not approve; that, come what may,
nothing could ever induce them to
break the vow they so solemnly made.
The thing was thought to be a joke at
first, but on inquiry I found that the
young women have thus far pledged
themselves. I do not think the idea had
spread eastward yet, but it has caused
a deal of gossip on the Pacific slope."
Simple Remedr. for Earache.
"I am afraid I-have greatly interfered
with my own practice," said a celebrat
ed aurist, "by giving the following ad
vic-pto many of my friends. At the
Rtih symptoms of earache let the pa
tieh' lie on the bed with the painful
ear uppermost. Fold a thick towel
and tuck it around the neck; then with
a teaspoon fill the ear with warm
Swater. Continue doing this for fifteen
or twenty minutes; the water will fill
the car orifice, and flow over on the
h towel. Afterward turn over the head,
let the water run out, and plug the ear
g with warm glycerine and cotton. This
Smay be done every hour until relief is
obtained. It is an almost invariable
cure, and has saved many cases of
Sacnte inflammation. The water should
be quite warm, but not too hot."
e How to ake Dripped Coffee.
SThe coffee pot, dripper and all,
should be scalded with boiling water
before using. Then put in the upper
division one coffee cup full of ground
Scoffee-the coffee should be parched a
1- cinnamon brown and ground rather
" fine. Pour over the ground coffee one
h coffee cupful of boiling water and
Lt place the coffee pot where it will keep
, w\arm, but not boil. Let it stand until
Sthe grounds have entirely absorbed the
0 water, then add another cup of boiling
. water; when that has dripped through
add one cup and a half more ofboiling
y water. This makes three cups of
a stronuw. wood coffee.
-r - -
S J ournalisteic Lnmttlones.
d Schoolmate--it must be lovely to be
e married to a newspaper man. You get
e free tickets to all the theaters and
ir operas, don't you?
- Mrs. Serlbbler-Y-e-s, but we never
g. go.
° "Why not?"
"We haven't anything to wear."-N.
'Y. Weekly._ ____
Slueks--What are you going to do
Swith that old hair mattrees?
SMrs. Hlicks-Burn it in the store by
a degrees.
SHicks--hat for? .
SMrs. Hictk--I feel bt sine you
stgpped smoking cigarettes.-N. L.
-ii.h physetian in charge of the
Womankns. h6'spltalin Soochow. Chinaieso'
Dr. AaneeWalter,,.a Mississippt woman.:
There is no -pountry on earth now
where the plucky American woman is
not dohig missionary work of some
kMnd.
-Justice J. M. Harlan, who is "men
tioned" for the republican presidential
nominatioti'tn 1898, is a physical giant,
being the largest, and, next to Gray,
the tallest man on the supreme bench.
He is sixty-one years old, bald and in
fine health. He is bluff, hearty, very
popular, and greatly in demand at din- I
ner parties.
-Miss Bacon, a young Englishwom
an, enjoyed a most fascinating and ex- I
hilarating outing last summer. bhe
cycled from London to Scotland, re
turning through Wales and the lake
district, a distance, in all, of twelve
hundred miles, alone; was gone two
days less than a month, and the total
cost of her holiday was fifty dollars.
-When the timid colonial clergy
men were afraid to criticise Aaron
lBurr's treason, they asked Lorenzo
Dow what he thought of Burr's mean.
ness. He raised both hands like a
great V, and shouted: "Aaron Burr,
mean! Why. I could take the little end
of nothing whittled down to a point,
punch out the pith of a hair, and put
in forty thousand such traitor souls as
his, shake 'em up, and they'd rattle."
-Mrs. Jessie Bienton Fremont has
been elected president of a new chap
ter of the Daughters of the American
Revolution which has been formed in
Los Angeles, Cal. The fourteen char
ter members of the chapter represent
many famous colonial patriots. At the
opening session, tea was brewed in
camp-kettles that are heirlooms in the
Darsey family, and were used by Wash
ington and Lafayette in the revolu
tionary war.
-The personal appearance of Jean
Richepin, who is described as the most
versatile genius in all France since the
death of Victor Hugo, must impress the
stranger who meets him for the first
time. He is pictured as a tall, burly
man, handsome in a brutal style, with
a low brow, a thick neck, dilated nlos
trils and a general air of athletic calm
and intellectual vacuity. A personali
ty of the John L. Sullivan kind such as
this is unusual in a famous author.
Philadelphia P'ress.
-The late F. V. Bird, the distin
guished paper manufacturer of WVal
pole, was a believer in a somewhatun
usual cure for sickness of all sorts.
For nearly forty years it was his prac
tice to remain in bed all one day every
week. IHe would read and Bleep, and
when it was absolutely necessary for
any caller to see him, he had to see him
in bed, and only a few were permitted
to do this. When Mr. Bird was forty
years old he was an invalid, yet his
practice kept him alive nearly fifty
years longer.
-Shelley's monument at Viat.-ggio
has at last been unveiled. The Italians
were the principal contributors to the
work. but besides the names of De
Amicis, lionghi. Cavalotti and Menotti
Garibaldi as constituting the commit
tee in charge, were those of Mr. Glad
stone and Mr. Swinburne. The follow
ing inscription is on the monument:
"To Percy Blysshe Shelley. lIeart of
Hearts. Drowned. in the sea; cremated
on this spot, wlhere lie composed
'Croinethens Unbound.' A posthumous
page wherein every generation will
have a token of its struggles, its tears
t and its redemption."
HUMOROUS.
-"The nmen will find a woman's
° pocket if she gets to running for of
fice," says the Frankford sage.-Phila
delphia Record.
S-There is a difference in the way
Ae modrn maiden's heart will soften:
E To this young man '"come off she'll say;
While to that one it is "come often."
--Buffalo Courier.
-- 'What do you inderstand by the
term 'platonic affection'?" "It usually
means that the young man feels that
a lie can not afford to tmarry."-Indian
apolis Journal.
S -Husband-"Another milliner bill?
e Why, I paid one only day before yes
a terday!" Wife-'"Day before yester
s day? Goodness, how time flies!" -
Fliegende 13latter.
-"How is your daughter getting
along with her piano?" "Splendid,"
replied hlr. Pinchpenny, "She bought
it on the installment plan an' hez got
it 'most paid fmtr."-Washington Star.
-Tom-- 'Why, Blessie. I could kiss
a you right under you mnother's nose.':
SBessie (with dignity)--"I should very
much prefer, sir. that you'd kiss me
under my own nose."-Scottish Amer
Sican.
-_'atron (to laundrynman)-"John,
Show did it happen thalt the Japanese
killed so many thinamen in the last
a battle?" John'-"'Notee know. 3Iay
bee bigee rain makes bad runnee."--N.
SY. Weekly.
-"Is it truc that Hlouser is hustling
for thie post office?" "Guess it is. I
heard his wife tell him if hlie didn't get
her letter mailed inside of twenty min
utes she'd know the reason why."-luf
falo Courier.
-"Have you a time table here?" asked
the seedy stranger. "Our terms," re
r plied the restaurant keeper, "are cash
r in advynce." "Foiled again," hissed
a the seedy stranger between hit useless
a teth.-Indianapolis Journal.
r -Teacher--" Vhat was the reason
e our ancestors did not have any knowl
a edge of the earth being round? Speak
p out, Johnnie." Johnnie-"Perhaps it
i was because they didn't have any school
a globes in those days."-Texas Siftings.
--First Lobster-"It's getting lone
h some here now, with all thie society
r bathers gone." ,econd Lobster-"N'ever
a mind; we are liable to meet them after
supper this winter, and then we'll get
the rest of our fine work in."-Syraacse
e Post.
,-The IDaughter-"Can't you let me
d have that one hundred dollars, father?
I once heard you say that you would
Sgive your last cent to your children."
The Father-"Yes, but I haven't got to
my last cent yet."-Munsey's Maga
zine.
-"Don't ye wish," said Plodding
Pete, "dat you an' me was regular cus
tomers of de chop house?" "Nwv," re
0 plied Meandering Mike. "'I've refused
three dinners this week cos dey w-us
Soffered ter me in de woodshed."-Wash
ington Star. -
--An Irish judge had a habit of beg
2 ging pardon on every occasion. One
Sday, as hlie was about to leave the
bench, the officer of the court reminded
him that he had not passed sentence
of death on one of the criminals, as he
had intended. "'Dear me!" said ila
Lordship; "1 beg his pardos.-briug
,r aý 1c. ,ý ýp.t
ý J., I. , ,.~ 1
=ti. __.
i$LBS ~ 2
·ic ·wu 3
H=ADY TO GO S WT OT 7tanusk a
house theyhad quin jam hybut
Frankle lad been i -, ehs ai to
him-E "unk, you T as v4o}L l . ;ijamit
will make you siok, at ene ya in e"
Frank took this llke 'iMntbh nn hie saw
bis mother help herself ito ,jlln . saco
time. Then he tushed hisa 3 slow to
ward the forbidden dish ailarid, wilt de.
liberation: "Well, if you awe gping to die, I
might as well die, too. QinWe some of it"
-iHarper's Baar.
MPOrn-o"How did you llkecdhe play last
night?" Maud-"OhI above everything.
Harry was with me, and you know what
company he is? Well there aBs nothing
whoaever in the play o distraeiCmy aen
tion, and I just reveled in arry s oOnver
sation.'-Boston Transcript.
TBAgc R--"James, you are late tills morn
ing. MHave youany excuse?" Pupil- `'Yes'm.
Maw's gone down-town 'lectione mtin' an'
the hired girl's on a strike an' pa.v burnt
his fingers cookin' the pancakes an' had to
row on myiisendier buttons myself. Beer"
-Chicago .Trbumne
FOnTu bEToLS-"'YOU will be very poor
until you are trty-e years of age.'
peeostousPost (eagewr.y)-"Andaftethelr?"
Fortune Teller--"You will gr used to it."
--Sketch.
TxAeuEU-"How is it that you don't know
your lesson?" Boy-"I can't learn it."
eacher (agnaerily)-"If it wer nomt for me
you'd be thebiggest blockhead ao earth."
DAuosrra`a-'Yes; but, nlmma, I wasvm
only looking to seO if he was looking to
see if I was looking; that's all. -T'own
Topics. u
APOTHuECAn (putting his head out of the
window, as the night bell rings at 8 a. n.l
"W'Vel?" Ringger-"No not well; confound
you ! I'm sick "
I ris the business of the newspaper editor
to "make alongstory short.-"--Texas Sift
ungs.
Mwxxe the most ofit-Inflatingaballoon.
MoTEn-"--Johnny I On your way home
from school stop at the store and get me n
stick of candy and a bar of soap." Father
"What do you want of a stick of candy?"
Mother- "That's so he'll remember the
soap."-N.Y. Wcedkly.
"Is MY hat in your o way?" luquired the
sweet girl in the parquet se&t, as she turned
around and spoke to the man behind. "Not
at all," said the man behind, A-u mpily, as ho
surveyed her big hat and gjb bbed up .his
overcoat; "my way lies towai "ds the box
office to get my seat changetd."-hicago
Record.
DONE up brown--autumn leaven.
McSwA'rrsRs-"I hear that Skiplh- is going
to settle in New York." Skiply's Ta.ilor
'"I swish he had settled here first.s'--tyra
cuso Post.
Ay (Indignlantly) --"You are just links the
villain of the novel!" Jackl-" Vell, ~r hat
ought I to be like-the hero of a dnov!"
Amny-"O, no) That would really be worse."
-N. Y. Sun.
"So rYo want to marry my son?" said the
stern mamma to the emancipated woman.
"'Can vou support him in the manner in
whichhe has been accustomed :" "I can."
"Then take him and be happy. "-Life.
"A tlElanr heart doeth good like a medi
cnlo."-Blible.
Jismds-"I understand you were pretty
Swell off before you were married " Blinks
I -"Ces but I didn'tknow it."-Smith, Gray
& Co's Mounthly.
liotsen--"I see that they are putting
plates osi gunboats eighteen inches thick."
Mrs. Houser - "Let's get some of them.
oPerhaps the servants can't break them."-
l'hiladelphia Record.
CIRCUS MAN (hunting fora stra." elephant)
--"Have you seen a strange animal aron(lld
here!" lrislunan-1"Begoria. Oi- hov that!'
There was an injun-rubber bull around here
,bullin' carrots with his tail l"-Credit Lost.
PROGCRESS.
People who get the greatest
degree of comfort and real en
joyinent out of life, are those
whoe make the most out
- of their opportunities.
t - Quick perception and
t good judgment, lead such
promptly to adopt and
1 makue use of those refined
and immproved products of
modern inventive genius
which best setoee the
nieeds of their physical
W being. Accordingly,
the most intelligent
and progressive people
are found to enmploy
he tnlost refined and
perfect laxative to reg
rulate and tone up the
.stoniach, liver, and
o a bowels, when in need
ofsuch an agent-hence the great popularity
of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. These are
Y made front the purest, most refined and
e concentrated vegetable extracts, and from.
forty-two to forty-four are contained in
each vial, which is sold at the same price
as the cheaper made and more ordinary
pills found in the market. In curative vir
taies, there is no comparison to be made be
t tween then andci the ordinary pills, as anty
one may easily learn by sending for a free
sample, (four to seven doses) of the Pel
lets, which will be sent on receipt of name
and address on a postal card.
e ONCE USED THEY ARE ALWAYS IN FAVOR.
The Pellets cure biliousness, sick and
t bilious headache, dizziness, costiveness, or
,. constipation, sour stomach, lossofappetite,
Scoated tongue, indigestion, or dyspepsia,
windy belchings, "heart-burn," pain and
distress after eating, and kindred derange
d ments of the liver, stonmach and bowels.
Put up in glass vials, therefore always
fresh and reliable. One little "Pellet'"
is a laxative, two are miildly cathartic.
c As a "'dinner pill," to promote digestion,
a take one each day after dinmer. To relieve
distress fl-ne over-eating, they are un
equaled. They are tiny, sugar-coated
n granules; any child will readily take them.
Accept no substitute that nmay be recom
mended to be "just as good." It mayle
k melndrs orIe dealer, because of Iayighim
a better profit, but Ate is not the one who
needs help. Address for free sample,
5. WORLD'S DISPENSAsvY MEDICAL ASsO
CA'ION, 66j Main Street,Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak Mothers
and all women who are nursing babies, derive almost incon
ceivable benefta from the nourishing properties of
Scott's Emulsion
This is the most nouriabshing food known to science. It en
riches the mother's milk and gives her stresgtk. It also
makes babies fat and gives more nourishment to growing
children than all the rust of the food they eat.
Scott's Emulsion has been prescribed by physicians for
sweuy years for Enl tse, xKammns Wasting DIemmaes of Children,
ongos1, Golas, Weak Lung, Emadirasi and Ocsanmptlon.
Sresdf-r peagust w wsaU'as aseis. FREE.
@WWet a! Y.L All 4weents and lI.
z"
Weak - as a.Cat
I sa bad simile for the eat is a very musmc
lar.wuamal-f or it ee. But to be as weak
as a onvalecent- after a wasting and pro
tracted disease is to be weak indeed. noth
'ilain the way of.0a tonie promotes conava
:edoen hast en a gain strength, like
 tetter's Btomah Bitters. It increases
'eous inalidsa derive from it unspeak
le benefit. It cures malaria, rheumatism
coustipation.
JACK Feal-"I say, old man, is there anvy
-thing between you and that little Laughton
irl' Ttag h Westend -"Only a little mat
Iter of n BJI , I haven't got."-Smith, Grey
& Co.'s Monthly.
A Child Enjoys
The pleasant flavor, gentlo action and sooth
ingeffoct of Syrup or Figs, when in need of
a laxative, and if the father or mother be
costive or bilious, the most gratifying re
sults follow its use; so that it is the best
family remedy known and every family
should have a bottle.
"I Do'T see how you evcr managed to cut
up that boarding house turkey," said thl
fork to the knife. "It was a rather tough
lob," replied the knirc, "but I managed to
keep my temper."-Harlem Life.
A Dose in Time saves Nine of Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar for Coughs.
like's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
Tea phonograph is something like the
dude in that although it has no brains it
talks freely.
"'I the course of time eoverything will be
utilized, and even the barber will give one a
" cut for the Ilir."-Galveston News.
Hall's Cltarrh Care
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 7c.
SFAnuans say it goes against the grain to
thrash wheat.
It's a
cold day
for the housekeeper
' when Pearline gets.
left. Take Pearline from
S , .s washing and cleaning and
nothing remains but
hard work. It
shows in the
things-that are
washed; it tells on the woman who washes. Pear/ine saves
work, and works safely. It leaves nothing undone that you
want done well; what it leaves undone, it ought not to do.
e Peddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tell you " this
" W * is as good as" or " the same as Pearline." IT'S FALSE
Pearline is never peddled. and if your grocer sends yon
somethingin place of Pearline, dothe honest thing-send it back. U3 JAMES PY LE, N.Y.
AND ECONOMIZE YOUR TIME, HUSBAND YOUR
STRENGTH & INCREASE YOUR PLEASURE BY USEIG
ELAIRETTE SOAP
BEST,PUREST a, MOST ECONOMICAn
SOLD EVERYWHERE
".> THE N.K.FAIRBANK GOMPANY. ST.Los.
Complete Fertilizers
for potatoes, fruits, and all vegetables require (to secure the largest
yield and best quality)
At Least 10o7 Actual Potash.
Results of experiments prove this conclusively. How and
whyS is told in our pamphlets.
'they are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them, and they will save you
dollars. GERMAN KALI WORKS, 3 Nassau Street, New York.
- - - - - --- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE ONLY PRESENT
EVERYBODY WANTS
a-The ý. eC. MNRI c. a co.,
Receiver 8pringAeld., Mass.
Iv___1 lE a _ Will Please send me free specimen pages
a Thak of Webster's International Dietionary. n
Yo Tea ' Nam e.......................................... sa
eAddrs.......e..........................
MORPHINE, WHISKY
AND TOBACCO HABITS CURED.
Nor book of particulars as to HOBE AND IN=
=WITUT TRELATME T, terms, etc., address
-umsI S I assr IrnSITUTE, No. 47s Peor Street, or lek Box No. 1,000, MEXPEIS TE TR.
/TALL OORUSBPONDENCE STRICTLY CONFIDIENTIAL. PLAIN ENVELOPES U7D8 .."
The Greatest Medical DIseavery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KEHEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,,
Has discovered in one of our commomn
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
do n to a common Pimple.
He has tried' it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). Hehasnowin his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and alvays disappears in a
week after taking it. Readthe label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it wib
cause squeamish feelings at first. .
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get and enough of it..
Dose, one tablespoontul in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
QIGREATEST SEU TIFMR ON EIA,. Be
SUPPLY Co.. Room F. 11 Na.. WtretS linaur.i
WC n rASSE55,.uS.wIesIDESw
" I am dying, Egypt, dying I ""
As the sun now sinks to rest,
And Its right that I should chew the Gum
That makes me feel the best.
KOKO ,oo
UL Long Pieces
U U for $r.oo.
SOL COLEMAN, MEMPHIS, TENN.
Aik Lr deash rCdlsih* i K.kI. So pnIo
JAPANESE T00TH POWDER. r *
se tthe Slr mp~le boý malled r for to rbto
a 3 1313 PesA. e .rqu, o.,e... . i, ' aeeta..k+..t.
'A. N. K., F. I52
w aIm WRITi TOe AbawTL sga Pt.L3S
se tha see New the Adwdnemem