ý si tori r-Prire, .$r Per J' ear
. Dr. Sylvester's Condition Powrde*a cures
bidebouad yellow water, elante, and puts
your stock in fin6 condition. Try it. bold
by D. V. Gardebled. - i 14.
Miss Yolande Riguies left Thurs
day morning to visit at the home of
'her aunt, Mrs. Tellocque, of New
;Orleans.
Miss Birdie Palmer returned to
tarencro Tuesday evening.
. Dr. Sylvester is a veterinary surgeon of
great repute, having been house surgeon of
the principal hospitals in America. Hence
the value of his medicines for saie at D. V.
Gasdebled's. n t4:
Chas. L. Voorhies has been vis
iting his brothers, Messrs. E. G.
and F- E. Voorhies of our town.
- The many friends in this parish
Mr. Ford Hoffpauir will learn with
profound sorrow that he is critical
ly ill at his home near Ridge. No
hopes are entertained for his re
covery.
Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, colic
and tympanites in horses and mules has no
equal. T. P. Caillouet had a horse with a
most severe case of colic. He cured with
'Dr. Sylvester's Specific. He would not be
without the medicine. Ask him about it
ind be convinced. For sale by D. V.
Gardebled. oa n i4.
Dr. M. IL. Lyons, of Ridge, re
turned from the soldiers reunion at
Houston in impaired health. It is
hoped that the venerable gentleman
will soon be well.
Will Foote, of Ridge, called on
The Gazette Thursday. He says
that the crops in his section are
good. Mr. Foote believes that there
will be more corn made this year
than ever before.
Our townsman, B. Falk, one of the most
prominent merchants of our town, had a
jersey cow very sick. Gave it Dr. Sylves
ter's Specific and it was relieved in the
space of half an hour. Sold by D. V.
Gardebled. n 14.
Mr. and Mrs Henry Ergleman,
of New Orleans, were in Lafayette
last Monday and Tuesday. We
understand that should he find a
suitable house to rent Mr. Engle
man will move to this place with
his family.
Jim Marsh and Alley Sprole shot
and killed two mad dogs near Mrs.
Jno. F. Bowen's residence last
Monday evening.
Send your watches, clocks and
jewelry for repairs by mail or ex
press to Biossat, the reliable watch
maker and jeweler.
Paul Melancon who was con
victed in this parish for the larceny
of a cow, has been pardoned.
1Melancon is a well-to-do farmer of
St. Martin where he has a wife and
children.
There is on exhibition in front of
The Advertiser office what is said to
be a coffee plant grown near this
town. We are informed that the
gentleman by whom this plant was
raised has been making his own
coffee since a year. If this thing
continues it will be hard to tame
anything to which our soil is not
adapted.
Cash paid for old gold at Bios
sat's jewelry store.
D Dr. Sylvesters Miss Josie Liniment
for horses and mules is the best. Cures
swellings, ulcers, ringbone, spavin.
An Associate Editor,
Raymond Breaux and Clara
Rawls, widow Perrault, were mar
ried at the Baptist parsonage at 8
o'clock Thursday evening, Rev. L.
M. Phillips officiating. No cards.
No cakes. No Evening Call yes
terday.-Opelousas Call.
Mr. Hogsett is extending his tele
phone line to Lafayette. He al
ready has it completed as far as
Cade. He has boxes at Burke and
Cade, and will put them in at
fBroussard's and Duchamp's. New
Iberia will have telephone connec
tion with New Orleans in a few
months. The good work still goes
on.--Iberian.
Dr. Sylvester's Conditionr Powder a sure
preventive for charbon and glanders.
old by D. V. Gardebled. n 14.
On the gth of June next, a party
of gentlemen, composed of Messrs.
R. H. Cage, C. C. Kramer, Jules
Dreyfus, E. T. Weeks, R. S. Mc
Mahon and Judge Allen will go to
the towns of Natchitoches, Rob
liene and Fort Jessup to establish
Single Tax Clubs. These gentle
mnen are all members of the Pelican
Single Tax Club of New Iberia.
Iberian.
A Mad Dog.
A dog belonging to Mrs. Graser
showed signs of hydrophobia last
Thursday morning and caused quite
a commotion in the neighborhood
of i'he Gazette ofice. Gabi He
bert appeared on the scene with a
shlst-gun and kindly consented to
end the suffering of the poor canine
and relieve the anxiety of the neigh
bors. He fired two shots at the
dogs killing him instantly.
Donaldsonville has a system of
waterworks which has cost the town
$r6.ooo. The population of Don
aldsonville does not exceed that of
Lafayette and there is no reason
why we can not do as much.
The Gazette is pleased to ac
knowledge the recept of an invita
tion to attend the commencement
exercises of the Chamberlain-Hunt
Academy which will take place at
Port Gibson, Miss., on June x6 and
r8. The invitation was sent with
the compliments of F. S. Mudd, Jr.,
son of tr. Mudd of this place. On
the class roll of '95 we note that
young Mudd figures as historian and
we have no doubt that he will
prove himself "fully equipped for
for that office and that he will ac
quit himself with credit and honor.
Use Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots,
colic and tympanites in horses and mules.
Once tried you will have no uther. The
very best testimonials furnished on applica
tion at Gardebled's. n 14.
the Nine Devils.
Last Sunday afternoon the boys
met and organized a base ball club,
which promises to be one of the
best in this section-at least that is
what The Gazette man has been
told. The "*Nine Devils" is the
name of this new organization,
whose somewhat wierd name is ex
plained by the unique costumes of
the members. Unless this very
suggestive appelation be a misno
mer the "Nine Devils are destined
to achieve great victories. They
enter the field with determination
to win some fresh laurels and no
one at all acquainted with them will
doubt their aoility fo do so, if they
will only practice. Lafayette needs
a good base ball club and we are
glad to see that one has been or
ganized: The following are the
members: Jim Marsh, p.; A. Du
hon, c.; W. Graser, Ist b.; A. Ber
trand, captain and 2nd b.; D.
Greig, 3rd b.; A. Otto, s. s.; P.
Mouton, r. f.; Paul Castle, c. f.; J.
Bowen, I. f.; L. McBride and C.
Broussard, substitutes.,
If you want to enjoy comfort at
small cost, keep flies and mosqui
toes out by getting door and
window screens from Moss & Mou
ton.
Died.
Mrs. M. R. Vest, born Martha
S. Rand, died at the home of Mrs.
WV. C. Abbott in Lafayette on Tues
day, May 28, at 4:30 o'clock. The
death of Mrs. Vest was the result
of injuries received from a fall from
a sulky some twvo weeks ago. The
unfortunate lady is said to have suf
fered very much as her injuries
were of a very painful nature. All
that skillful physicians and the kind
hands of affectionate ones could do
helped only to lessen pain and pro
long her life a few days.
Mrs. Vest was the mother of four
little children and her death is a
cruel blow to them. She was held
in high esteem by the people of this
town and the large number of mour
thers who followed her remains to
the grave was exp)ressive of the sor
row felt at the loss of a good chris
tian mother. The funeral services
were conducted by the Revs. T. S.
and R. Randle of the M. E. Church.
A Dance.
[Communicated.]
A most enjoyable dance was
given at the hospitable home of
Mr. A. R. Lisbony last Thursday
night. Messrs. O. Delhomme,
Lucien Chopin and Louis Bazin
assisted Mr. Lisbony in receiving
and it is needless to say that all the
guests were attended to. Mr. Ba
zin and Miss Mamie Lisbony, the
daughter of the host, led the grand
march. Whenever the young peo
ple desire to have a good time they
gather at the home of the genial
Mr. Lisbony who delights in re
ceiving them at all times. He is
one of those who believe that the
young folks must have their fun,
and he generally does all in his
power to see that they have it.
ONE OF THE PARTY.
Be An All-Round Man.
..Every shield has two sides." A public qtestion
may have many sides. To read but one news
paper is to ~ct but one side-one man's view. To
read half a dozen papers is still to get only half a
dozen views--half a dozenc menlt's opinions. In or
der to get the general drift of pulblic sentiment, it is
necessary either to read a great number of papers
and magazines-more than thle nverage man can
take timne to rCad. ecen it he can get access to them
-or it is ecesesary to read a journal that makes it
its business ti collect and condense andl summarize
thle -views fonttd in all these papers andt magazinecs.
Such a jourtnal is PUBLIC OPINION, formerly
pnblished ill WVashington but recently remtoved to
New York City. Write for a sample copy,. or call at
thisoific for information and special club rate it
taken in connection with ithe Lafacette Gazette.
Attention K. of P.
Busincss of inportancev will be transnacled
at the nlcctilg Thursday, June 6, J895, nt
8 o'cl,,ck p. cn. All knights are requteslcd
t attenCld.
Tly order of the tihancellor-comntutetlct.
15 IT A' TIEASURE ?
A Safe Found in Lake 1Martin by
a-Party of Gentlemen Out
Fishing.
Last Sunday a party of gentle
meh went out fishing at Lake l4ar
tin. One of them was compelled
to wade in the water to disentangle
his line and while searching for it
he felt something with his hand
which proved to be a chain. Of
course this excited his curiosity and
he fellowed the chain until he
reached something which he at first
failed to describe, but after a closer
exatmination by feeling about the
object with his hands and feet he
was convinced that- it was an iron
safe. Of this there was no doubt.
Further investigation disclosed the
fact that the safe was tied by two
chains which were fastened at the
other ends to trees in the lake. He.
lost no time and told his compan
ions of the strange discovery that
he had just made. All came to the
conclusion that the safe had to be
lifted out of the water and as they
were not provided with the means
necessary to do so, they went home
and returned to the lake the next
day with the fixed determination to
get the safe out of the water and
see if there was any money in it, but
unfortunately they could not locate
it. After hours of futile efforts to
find the supposed tresasure they
gave up the job for the day, but
they are, by no means, discouraged.
One of the party informed The
Gazette that they would return to
the lake and leave nothing undone
to find the safe, which they hope,
contains untold wealth.
We desire it to be distinctly un
derstood that this is no canard. It
was told to The Gazette by a thor
oughly reliable person who says he
can prove everything he said.
Business Men's Association.
LAFAYETTE, LA., MAY 27, 1895.
The meeting was called to order by Mr.
C. O. Mouton who was unanimously elected
president of the Lafayette Business Men's
Association.
The motion having been seconded, Jno.
I. Bell was elected secretary.
On m 'tion of T. M. Biossat and seconded
a committee of three, composed of T. M.
Biossat, Judge Debaillon and Jos. Ducote,
was appointed to select a board of directors.
The committee submitted the names of Dr.
Hopkins, R. C. GreiC, B. Falk, Ii. Vanler
cruyssen, Jno. O. Mouton, C. A. Stewart
and Dr. F. E. Girard to compose the board
of directors, and, on, motion, the report was
unanimously adopted.
On motion J. C. Nickerson aass elected
treasurer.
On motion Prof. LeRoscn and T. M.
Boissat were appointed accomomittee to
draft by-laws, and constitution.
On motion the president and secretary
were added to the board of directors as cx
officio members thereof.
On motion of T. M. Boissat and seconded
the president appointed the following as a
committee to represent the association in all
matters pertaintng to the erection of a sugar
refinery: Judge Debaiilon, Dr. F. E.
Girard, A. M,. Martin, Geco. Goolsby, J. J.
Davidson.
The meeting adjourned to meet next Mon
day, June 3, at 8 p. m.
JNO. I. BELL, Secretary.
For Temperance.
PINE GROVE, LA., APRIL 12, 1895.
To The Lafayette Gazette:
The second quarterly meeting of the
State Association of Our Own Temperance
Societies was held here this week with
President W. Shepherd in the chair. The
following officers were at their posts: Las
tie Hoffpauir, secretary; Ellis I. Hoffpauir,
treasurer; Nammon Hoffpauir, conductor.
The President then filled existing vacan
cies by appoihting Bro. Ben Avant vice
president and Marcel Hoffpauir door
keeper. The president then appointed a
committee on credentials who retired and
reported the following names of persons en
titled to seats as delegates: Frank Stutts,
Jno. Liniscombe, Will Faulk of Ebenizer,
Ben Avant, Silas Hloffpauir of Bethel, Mar
cel Hogpauir and R. T. Hrrgrove of Pine
Grove. Indian Bayou and Ridge were not
, epresented.
The committee on resolutions made the
following report:
WHEREAS, the evil of intemperance in
our land is destructive of much that is good,
inimical to the moral and material welfare
of the rising generation and a destroyer of
the happiness of our homes and a danger
ous enemy to society, therefore,
Be it Resolved, That we reccommend to
Our Own Temperance Societies of the par
ishes of I.afayette, Acadia and Vermilion
the necessity of taking steps to secure our
home-rule right under act 76 of 1884 ot the
General Assembly of Louisiana as to the
granting or withholding of licenses to drink
ing houses within the limits of said parishes.
Be it father Resolved. That a copy of
these redolutions and minutes be sent to the
Rayne Tribune, Lafayette Gazette, Lafa
yette Advertiser, and Crowley Signal.
WV. SHEPHERD,
BEN AVANT,
LASTIE N. IIoFFPrAUIR,
Committee.
LASTIE HOFFPAUIR, Secretary.
Conmmunication.
To The Lafayette Gazette:
Did you notice how that horse editor of
the Advertiser is good at solving enigmnis?
Why! He is a wonder! He has accom
plished what thle hundreds of peops of this
town failed to do, viz: solving the meaning
of the yellow and blue ribbons. By the
way, Mr. HIorse Editor, if you know of any
good-looking and rich young widow (with
out any children) let us know. One more
request, Mr. Horse Editor, please enlighten
the unenlightened by solving the mystery of
the IHoly Trinbity, and when you do, (as you
0o doubt will) youtwitl bmu on the a av to
olvc the nicniig ot the vyeillow and blue
iibbituo. ()F.& ,W ['Ps.s,.
DR. MAYER RESIGNS.
He Leaves the Office of A~isestant
Quarantine Physician.
Times-Democrat.
pr. Fred M. Mayer, the assistant quaran
tine physician, handed his resignation to Dr.
Wilkinson yesterday. He will return to his
home in Lafayette and take up his practice
again. The d6ctor has had an interesting
career.
Dr. Fred J. Mayer, df Lafayette, native
of the Attakapas, is thirty-six years of age
and a bachelor, of Germsn-Irish extraction,
his father, Prof. Mayer, of St. Landry, be
ing the youngest son of the late, famous
Prof. Carl. Mayer, of Munchen, Bavaria,
professor of mutsic in the University Royal,
musician for fifty years and the life-long
friend and intimate of old King Ludwig.
1i4s mother is the youngest daughter of the
late Mark O'Rorke, a scion of the ancient
Leitrim-Meath fadily of that name. Dr.
Mayer removed with his family to Munich,
Bavaria, in i860. In 1863 they moved to
London; where they remained two years,
and then moved to Belfast, Ireland; where
they remained five years, going to Opelou
sas in 1871, where the family still lives.
The docter received his education from
private tutors in the Methodist College of
Belfast and in the public schools of Ope
lousas, under the famous old pedagogue,
Calvin Frayzee. He commenced life at
fourteen, teaching school, and pursued that
avocation for seven years in various parts of
St. Landry and Acadia, including the pub
lic schools of Opelousas and Washington,
in the interval studying medicine, in which
he graduated in 18S2 at the University of
Louisiana. In 1889 he attended a short
course at St. Thomas Hospital, under Sir
William McCormac: later he attended the
Necker, in Paris.
The doctor is a Democrat of the White
League stripe: he took part when a boy in
the first Nicholls campaign in t778, in St.
Landry. In i88z he removed to Lafayette
parish, where for ten years he practit:ed his
profession, building up a large and lucrative
-i
practice, which he completely broke up by
the very active part he took in the Gay and
Price congressional campaigns and in the
Nicholls and anti-lottery fights. He placed
Gov. Nicholls in nomination in the famous
convention of 1888. He was a member of
the State Central Committe for Lafayette at
that time. lie secured the homination of
Gov. Foster in the convention of 189z, of
which body he was a member. IIe was ap
pointed assistant quarantine physician of
Louisiana in 1892, when the Legislature
paid hint the unsual compliment of raising
the salary $b1o2 by A urianimou5 vote in the
Senate and only eight dissenting votes in the
House.
In 1892 he was president of the Attakapas
Medical Association; in 1889 he was their
drator. and delivered a lengthy address on
sanitary entombment; in 1893 he was chosen
chairman, by Prof. Miles, of the section on
quarantine of the State Medical Society,
and read an elaborate report thereon. In
1894 he was chosen chairman of the section
on quarantine by Prof. Matas, and chair
man of the section on public hygience. In
1895 he was re-elected chairman of the sec
tion on quarantine:
He took an active part in tlie great medi
cal debate on the new State medical examin
ing law. He introduced and secured the
passage of a great number of resolutions in
the State Medical Society on sanitary and
quarantine matters. As a member of the
American Public Health Association he took
a postive stand in debate in the City of
Mexico against Federal interference itii State
quarantines: As assistant quarantine phy
sician he was active in the discharge of his
official duties, while making every effort to
minimize the unavoidable hardships of Quar
antine. At various times he held both the
upper station and the Port Ends station at
the Same time.
At the recent session of the State Medical
Society he read a report on quarantine.
which was fully discussed and highly com
plimented by Dr. Formento, a member of
the State Board of Health. In this report
he urged modification of quarantine restric
tions, and suggested the use of Formic
Aldehyde in quarantine practice. Ilis withi
drawal from the sanitary service of the State
is to be regretted.
THE INEVITABLE CALAMITY.
The christening was drawing nigh,
The name was not selected;
No sooner was there one proposed
Than forthwith 'twas rejected.
"Let's name the baby 'Maud,' Lucille,"
The youthful pa suggested.
But fair Lucille kickedl up a row
Mayhap, because the rest did.
Whatever one would name the child
The others thought "outlandish,"
And when "Syndonia" was tried
Aunt Jane thought that "too grandish."
"Let's name her 'May,' " said Uncle Bill;
Said grandpa, "T'ry Deborah!"
And from another counlltry came-
"I.et's name her lane Aurora."
Well nigh ad infinitum were
The cognomens suggested;
In truth 'twould make the angels weep
To hear the lot contested.
Said dear papa, "Try 'Belle,' my love,
If that's what you intended;"
Iut "my love" shook her head, and so
D)iscussion was extended.
icer eyes, those "mirrors of the soul,"
At last bespoke decision,
As thus her ultimatum was
Pronounced with firm precision:
"'It won't be 'May,' it won't te 'Maud,'
But thiU is what it wil be;"
.And inkinng down exao,tcd said.
'\Wc'll norme the lahoy ' lilhv,, "
---Ne'cv VorW lieakt.
Police Jury Proceedinges
LAFAYETTE, LA., May 27, 189g.
The Police Jury niet this day in regular
session with the following members present:
R. C. Landry, A. D. Landry, C. (. Brown,
A. A. Delhomme, Alfred Hiebert and if.
M. Durke. Absent: J. G. St. Julieni and J.
W. Broussard.
The milnutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
Mr. Durke reported difficulty in building a
bridge-keeper's house at Olidon Broussard's
bridge and it was resolved that Mr. Durke
is hereby authorized to contract for the con
struction of said building at a cost not to
exceed $6o.
Mr. J. A. Laneuville here appeared and
asked for lumber to construct bridges on the
road leading from Lanenville'S place to
Royille and by motion the quantity of lunm
ber necessary was granted.
By motion, Constable G. IBienvenu was
authorizad to construct on his place a suita
ble inelosure for the impounding of stock in
the 3rd ward, said incl.sure to bL zoo feet
square.
Mr. Iiebert, appointed to contract for the
laying of a brick paven'2nt aromit:l the court
horse Square, reported that thc said conitract
had been faithfully executed by Mr. B.
Falk, and all terms fulfilled. Mr. Hebert
asked that the accunt therefor be approved
and hl be discharged from furth.ir duty in
the premises. By motion of Mr. I)arke, the
report was approved, the account ordered
paid and the committe discharged.
Mr. Delhomme was granted a car of lum
ber for the Ist and 8th wards.
To the Presidentt and Afembers of the Po~ali
Jury, Pariskh of Lafayettle, La.
GENTLEMEaN-The following is a state
ment of receipts and disbursements of parish
fuinds since last report.
DR.
April 29, 1895, to bal. on hand as
per statement............................$ 2469 43
May 14, to amt. from tax-collec
tor, taxes col. in April ........... 472 23
May 14, to amt. from tax-col. li
censes col. iii April. .................. 75 00
$ 3jo6 66
CR.
May t, 1895, by poll tax col. by
clerk of court transferred to
school funds .............................. $ 82 5o
May r4, by 5 per ct. com, tax col
lector on taxes ................... 23 61
May 14, by per ct. com. tax-col.
on licenses............:.................... 3 75
May 25, by witness and juror cer
ticatts paid.................................. 24 50
May 26, by approved orders....... 1395 92
$2275 78
May 27, balance on hand, $740 88.
Respectfully submilted,
WM. CLEGG.
The following accounts were approved:
E. M. Villere com of election ....... $ 5 00oo
B. Falk, chairs for court-house.... 21 o0
B. Falk, court-house pavement.... 620 oS
D. Arceneaux, building bridge.... 7 5o
Bardeaux & Broussard, repair ".... 5 oo
A. Cheffer, lumber................. 232 oo
Alf. Bonnet, work around court h. 9 25
J. E. Kee, repair on pin hook........ 12 oo
M. T. Martin, Interpreter at court 20 0o
M. T. Gordy, district att'y convic. 220 oo
There being no further business the Po
lice Jury adjourned.
R. C. LANDRY, President.
R. C. GREIG, Secretary.
Fine razors at Biossat's jewelry
stole.
Ordinances.
The following ordinances are
published for the information of
the publict
An ordinance relative to cleaning and
disinfecting of yards, sinks, privies, and
drains.
SECTION I. Be it ordained by the Mayor
and City Council of the town of Lafayette,
That it shall be the duty of the Constable,
or his deputy to visit and inspect all yards,
sinks, privies, drains, etc., which he shall
have reason to believe are in a foul or un
healthy condition, and if upon inspection,
he finds such places to be in an unclean or
unhealthy condition, he shall notify the
owner, or lessee, or Occupant of the prem
ises to cleanse and disinfect the same within
in forty eight hours, which notice shall be
written and shall specify what part of the
premises require cleaning and disinfecting,
and in default of complying with such notice
so given by the Constable, or his deputy, on
conviction thereof after due hearing,
such ewncr, lessee, or occupant, shall be
fined in a sum not to exceed twenty-five dol
lars, or imprisoned for a period not to ex
ceed twenty days, or both at the discretion
of the Mayor.
SEc. 2. Be it further ordaired, etc.,
That upon complaint of any resident of this
town made to him, of the foul, or unclean,
or unhealthy condition of any yard, drain,
sink, or privy, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor to cause inspection to be made as
above provided, by the Constable, or his
deputy and enforce the provisions of the
above section.
An ordinance relative to public health and
enforcing sanitary measures.
SESCTION I. Be it ordained by the Mayor
arid City Council of the town of Lafayette,
That all persons are hereby prohibited from
allowing, keeping, throwing, dropping or
depositing any ordures, excrement, offal,
filth, manure, foul or offensive matter, stag
nant, corrupt or putrid water, or any bones,
shells, hides, hay, straw, kitchen stuff, pa
per, cloth, or any substacice of any kind,
which may be offensiv: to the smell or in
jurious to health, in any yard, lot, room or
building or on any sidewalk, street, or any
public place or in any gutter, or drain with
in the town, untidcr a penalty of not less than
five dollars nor more than twenty-five do!
lars for each and every offense, or impris
onment not to exceed ten days, and the Con
stable shall, in the judgment, be ordered to
abate the uuisanee at the espense of the
pcrsori who canonuittedl it:
Scc. 2. Be it further ordained etc., That
no person shall impede or obstruct the pas
sage or fowv of any gutter, ditch, pipe or
drain in the town of Lafayette, or in any
manner cause the same to be imneded or
hbstructed, nor shall any d!tch be cat acroxs
any side walk without oridging it, under a
penalty not to exceed twenty dollars, or im
prisonment not to exceed ten dlays, or both
at the discretion of the Mayor. Such
ditches already made shall be bridged im
mediately, under the sanme penalty for
neglect or refusal to bridge the sams-e.
Be aus ejo uLr
Springs,
On the flanks of the ICautliful IBayou
Vermillioss.
EXCELLENT SPRING WVATER.
COMMODIOUS BATII IIOUSES.
Lt.arge Dancing Platform. Beautful (;rounds
and Plenuty of Shade. Elerga nt Spot for
Picnics, Parties, Etc. Water for drinking
and bathing purposes unsurpassed. Come
and see the place and enjoy a splendid bath.
Temperate and Cold Water
for Bathing;
THERE, Is A STORE
COR. COURT.*Ot
SQUARES
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles
i Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, ere sold at rea
sonable prices
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and somie
Hardware.
TIIS PLAEC IS OWVNED B 71. St
' If You Need
A suit,;
-A hat,
-A pair of shoes
-Shirts,
--Underwear,
s - -Nec, wear
SAny kind of wear;
-, ---Call on LEON PLONSKY.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUITOd:
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPO'
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles Doors, Sash
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc;
Magons, Cisterns.
SCREEN DOORS AND EATENTIONrlSCRE1EN WINDOWS
6 Ten, $io.oo, Ten, $ro.oo, Ten, $zo.co "
d AT-TEN-T ION!
The TENdency of all TENants of this terrestrial E,
sphere is to atrtENd tothe attractions inTENded to
benefit them to any ex-rENt. We therefore ex- .
TENvd a cordial invitation to all inTENding to 6
6 make either a small or eXTENsive purchase of
clothinthi hi S oo 9 $ 0.00 pring to give
.-Ftior. t " t-o he ilarge and 0
varied line E N of Suits, now
di'slaycd in $o.o C o our s t o r e.
V We co n-L . 'O t TEN d that o
6 you should not be- conTENted until you have 2
b examined the conrrEkNts of our store and learn w
the great values there offered for $So.oo. New
suits that would be good value at $12.oo to
S$1r5.oo, all await TENants and owners of the -
o property for the small amount of $zo.oo. C
o In Cents Furnishing also we harWies,
, Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes, etc. w
H L LEVY & SOLN.
New Store I
P. .DEMANADE & CO.
Labc's Former Stand, next to Olivier Hotel;
Liquors, Wines and TobaEccoes,
Staple and Fancy 6rocerie ,.
Oysters Served in all f!tyles. Hot and told L 
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and IRiding Culth;-tors, iisc Harroifr Lear~d
Itarow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plowsj
Turning Flowt, iHay Rakes, Road iCarts.
Cornel of Jeffeitson atd Vermtllion Streets, LAPAYiTTih.; LtAs
FELIX DEMANADE
iThe LXp to ')afe MVzchide of
-Selis Cheap
-Groceries .11
-Liquors -
-Crockery s .
-Wi loWWare
--And "A
-Fancy ,
-Goods :
-. . -, ./, -- . - . , ,