5fl1R GAZETT1E.
S. isses4ieV Price, i' r Per Year
To Delinquent subseribers.
Beginning after this issue we will
send bills to our subscribers who
have not settled with us for the
past yet.L They Can bring us the
amount or send it by mall.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Out good friend, J. R. Domen
geaux, of Royville, paid The Gazette
a pleasant visit Thursday evening.
Tom ]Folley, of Rayne, was in La
fayette Tuesday: He returned on
the night train. I
Mrs. I. A. Broussard returned
home Monday after a visit of several I
Weeks to her parents in Karnes City, tl
-''reis
Remember the excursion on April
8. "pon't miss this opportunity to
see A.* ".Lake City." i
-ted:' Leon Plonsky's advertise- tii
ient llt this issue. Leon says that Se
he is. still the leader and is ready to ci
back his statement with facts. nt
We omitted to call the attention eT
of our readers last week to the ad- T
vertisement of L. Levy & Son. Read "n
what these progressive merchants fa
have to say. - A
Maurice Levy, representative of
G. H. Magee, Manufacturer of da
Fine Clothing, New Orleans, was in sel
Lafayette Friday. at
The great Southern newspaper, ex
the Atlantic Constitution and the Vei
Gazette will be sent one..year for Tor
iS.So. bar
The cold wave which struck this tioj
section last Friday will in all proba- wir
bility prove disastrous to the vege- wil
table and fruit crops. Ice was re- mei
ported on Sunday an Monday oth
mornings. of I
The Gazette received a visit tVed
nesday from that entertaining gen- Fal
tleman, Mr. Thos. H. Lewis, of 1
Opelousas. He was returning from et
Crowley, where he had been on
legal business. use,
Henry Church has been appointed
by the governor councilman for ne
this town, vice I. N. Satterfield, Per,
resignetd The Gazette believes sper
that Mr. Church will be a valuable WVil
member of the town council. out
houn
Mrs. Authur Roy and Miss Zerel- com
da Bailey left Tuesday for New cash
. rleans to attend the marriage som
-of Miss Althea Roy to Mr. Jules after
Alciatore. Mrs. Roy returned "ho
Thursday, but Miss Zerelda remained pass.
in New Orleans where she is the evid
guest of Miss Genevieve Salles. whet
* If you want to buy the finest soap Wils
made and at the same time pay a disga
reasonable price for it call at Wm. to be
Clegg's. There you will find the negri
different qualities of Colgate's soap term
as well as all the popular brands. ceed,
The prices range from 5 cents to So "frie
cents. Andr
A special from Arnaudville to the in a
Picayune of March 29, says: "Re- heils
presentatives of the T. and P. Rail- held
road left Palmetto, a station on that to esi
road, for this and other places on
the proposed route of the branc At
road which is to be built to Deep held
Water, in Vermillion bay." leadii
The B. R. T. ball will take place resole
to-night at Falk's Hall. As usual quest
the railroad boys have prepared an cic
interesting and novel feature which statio
will be introduced to-night for the railro
enjoyment of their guests. What Arnat
it is, we are not permitted to make fayett
public, but suffice to say that it will parish
be something absolutely new and is eni
worth seeing; and a]
A number of friends of Father times,
Forge were treated last Sunday to by the
one of those bounteous dinners facilit,
characteristic of the reverend gentle- posed
man. Among those present were: The
Rev. DeStockalper, Rev. Devine, Breau
Rev. Mertence, Messrs. Wm. Camp- crat o
bell, A. P. Caillouet, C. Dabaillon,
W. B. Bailey, H. Van der Crusen, to see
Henry Gerac, Dr. F. J. Mouton, ofthat
Jean Gerac, Dr. A. Gladu, A. Ho- their p
velle, Pierre Gerac, Sr., Julian Mou- ing of
ton, Alex Delhomme, Alex Meaux,
J. O. Mouton, Heibert Eastin, Ed- advant
mond Pellrin. Several toasts were a road
drunk to the health of Father Forge. the pr
Judge O. P. Guilbeau, of Caren- take th
cro, was in Lafayette Thursday on the ofi
some businessat the clerk's office, with th
and called on The Gazette before
leaving. He informed us that his aid po
brother Mr. A. C. Guilbeau is town h
having a large ginnery built. The ness M
carpenters will commence work meetinj
Monday. Mr. Guilbeau intends ciation
to put in the latest improved ma
chinery and will run four gins with matter
a capacity of thirty five to forty until th
bales per day. ' With this ginnery road we
and that of the Union, under the to this
management of Mr.. C. C. Brown, ette a
Carencro will have two of the
largest ginneries in the State. ity, we
The farmers must be pretty tired stop
of being told that they should not coanc
plant too much cotton, but therach.
newspapers must have something to
print and every time an editor is at h
loss to find a subject he repeats for last
this stereotyped advice to the farmer
who khbws better than any body else fairly s
what he-ought to do. Nevertheless, The roa
The Gatette will advise the farmers he
of ;lafyette to plant less cottoin and nshii
aopre supplies for home use. minent
i ction is thought by many with st
E prices, and as there is ho encourage
ment for an increase in next year's
er Year prices 'it is the part of wisdom to re
uce the crop instead of increas
berr. iksg It.
we will Mr. Charles A. O'Neal and Miss
rs who Bettie Gordy were married at Frank
or the lin last Monday. The bride is a
us the sister of District Attorney Gordy.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Cary and
r. children, of Mermenton, were the
guests this week of Mrs. Pierre"
lomen- Gerac.
iazette
.ening. .ev. De Stockalper, S. J., and
in La- Mr. Devine, S. J., returned to Grand a
ed on Coteau Monday after assisting
Father Forge during the Holy Week.
turned Chas. Debaillon left Tuesday for n
several New Orleans where he is attending si
SCity, the Jesuit's College.
April The 12th and 13th of May. tl
ity to From all accounts the 13th of May
will be a gala day in Lafayette, hav- vi
ing been selected for the presenta- m
Ittise- tion of the play"'Le Jardenier Grande
s that Seigneur," and for a fair on the
idy to church green. On that day a large CC
number of people is expected on an
tntion excursion train from Thibodaux. th
e ad- The committee in charge are mak- N,
Read ing preparations to furnish them
hants with refreshments and meals at the
fair grounds in front of the church. PU
A platform will be built for the pur
re of pose of affording the lovers of the fri
r of dance an opportunity to enjoy them- she
'as in selves, and a matinee will be given M
at Falk's Hall for the benefit of the
aper, excursionists. What will prove a no
the very attractive and interesting feat
r for are of the day is a contest for super- vili
iority of all the brass and string fes
bands which will accept the invita
this tion to be present. To the band
oba- winning the first prize a gold medal La
'ege- will be presented, while a silver Ro
s re- medal will be offered to each of the few
iday others as souvenirs commemorative
of the occasion.
Ved- A very interesting play in English to
will be rendered Saturday night at her
gen- Falk's Hall. not
rom The proceeds realized from the invi
entertainments and the fair will be
on used to paint the Catholic church. givo
of t
ited A Hospitable Friend. chil
for Last Monday Alcee Andrus, a nate
negro, met another negro, named
eld, Percy Wilson and invited him to and
eves spend the night at his house. This -
ible Wilson readily accepted and started the
out with Andrus for the latter's
house. Andrus noticed that his
rel- companion was well supplied with qui
Jew cash and made up his mind to get to re
age some of it if possible. A few hours -
dles after he was in bed, Wilson says his fries
ned "host" advanced near the be-d,
red passed his hand under the pillow
the evidently with the intention to see wat
where his guest had put his money. was
Sap Wilson cal:ed out "Alcee," who soile
a disguised his voice and pretended
in. to be a full-fledged burglar. Both
the negroes engaged in a scuffle, which
rap terminated only when Wilson suc
ds. ceeded in getting out of bed and his From c
So "friend's" house as soon as possible.
Andrus was arrested and charged unwe
he in accordance with the above facts. impr
e Vilson was placed in jail and is
il- held as a witness, having attempted went
iat to escape. week
on Railroad Meeting.
c At the special railroad meeting Kocl
ep held in Breaux Bridge to-day by the yette
leading citizens and business men, -
ce resolutions were adopted that a re- from
sal quest be sent to the Texas and Pa- -
an cisc railroad urging the building of debat
the proposed road from Palmetto, a rels,
station on the Texas and Pacific ye st
he railroad, via Port Barre, Leonville, voice
at Arnaudville, Breaulx Bridge and La- rate t
ke fayette, to Abbeville, in Vermilion men's
ill parish, and thence to Deep Water, '
in Vermilion Bay. Every one here tion,
id is enthusiastic over the prospect, at thi!
and although disappointed so many ing.
er times, every assistance will be given which
to by the people all along the line to ties cc
rs facilitate the building of the pro- detrin
e- posed railway. the ea
The above is a telegram from Somei
' Breaux Bridge to- the Times-Demo- reach
crat of last Tuesday. We are happy Rayn
to see that the progressive citizens i3
, of that town are ready to do all in citizei
- their power to encourage the build- morni
- ing of this road. There are so many that tr
advantages to be derived from such much
ea road that the people living along cenve
. the proposed route should unite and thoriti
- take the necessary steps to acquaint ation.
aI the officials of the Texas and Pacific -
· with their intention to extend all the able cc
Said possible. The people of this comm
,Jtown have spoken through the Busi- and gri
|ness Men's Association at its recent for the
Smeeting, and we trust that this asso- be bris
sciation will continue to keep the -Se
matter before the proper authorities good i
until they are given a hearing. This scan.
road would be of incalculable good --A
to this section, especially to Lafay- here.
ette, and if we care for our prosper- being C
ity, we should go to work and not hair pt
stop until we get it or until we are -Th
convinced that it is beyond our ofbuil
reach. guess tl
Royville Items. Metho
From Our Regular Correspondent. let it cc
-The programme mapped out
for last week was rain, hail, wind -Th
and cold weather. Royville was Babtist
fairly supplied with samples of each. ding.
The roads also received their full
share; whilst the Advertiser's ing in
"'sunshine" playing a very pro. good tl
minent part in the drying process, though.
with usual failing results. we may
--The health of the country at on pap
'outage- lrge is Very good; physicians are
t year's kicking about dull times.
n to re- -Sunshine! Roads I Pre
nereas- cipices I Bah I Rats !
-Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Roy with
d Miss their son, Rodolph, left for New
Prank- Orleans Sunday, to be present a
e is a the marriage of their daughter Miss
,rdy. Althea, to Mr. Jules Alciator of
ry and that city.
re the -The corporation authorities of v
Pierre this town should not allow racing
and vicious riding within its limits.
It was Monday that a crowd of
aGrand negroes returning from a "cullud" f,
wedding passed through town sl
Week. yelling like Indians, and riding their
creole ponies at full speed. We
ty for noticed several little children on the
ending street who were forced to climb or
fences in order to clear the track for in
ay. them. b
f May -A thin sheet of ice made itself b
hav- visible both Monday and Tuesday t
senta- mornings. It is to be hoped that pa
a the the injury done to the sprouting tr
large corn will be slight. se
on an -We did not fail at all in seeing g
daux. the point as "they" are well aware.
mak- Nor did we fail to see how strictly tan
t the "they" adhere to egotism and is
arch. pusillanimnity. to
pur- -Miss Maude Young's many
the friends will be happy to learn that rol
hem- she is reported better. Her cousin, -
v the Miss Effie Young of Lafayette, is her
ve a now stopping with her. a la
feat- -Dr. Robert J. Young, of Abbe
iper- ville, was in town last week on pro- the
trng fessional business.
vita- lib
iand -Dr. F. C. Latiolais and Bebe
edal Landry, of Broussardville, visited
ilver Royville and dropped in to see us a
the few minutes. the
tlve -We were tendered an invitation nu
lish to visit the public school situated beii
t at here, but being kept busy could we
not. We accept with pleasure the day
the invitation and will do so this week, ces
rcbe giving The Gazette-a full discription
of the progress undergone by theO.
children, since this school was fortu- plat
ea nate enough to secure so efficient dep
to and able a teacher as Prof. Webb. sic
his -Chief of Police Stutts was on valu
ted the sick list last week.
er's -Mrs B. P. Landry was reported is er
rith quite ill for a few days; we are glad he is
get to report her full recovery. acce
urs -Ed. Primeaux was visiting gooC
his friends at the "Lake" Sunday. phys
:d, -The U. S. mail bags are not
ow water proof, as Saturday the mail |co
ey. was delivered in a very wet and that
ho soiled condition. the I
led CHEROKEE. maid
ch IDuson Dots.
___c- - -reasc
his From Our Regular Correspondent.
le. -Mr. T. M. Floyd, who has been to Jr
ed unwell for the past few days, is
ts. improving. mast
is -Messrs. J. Servat and J. L. Cain meet
ed went to Crowley on business last fair a
week. and
--Mr. A. J. Clark and Mrs. Eula furth
ng Koch, made a flying trip to Lafa- eradi
he yette last Saturday.
n, --Miss Amelie Stutes returned Mr
e- from a visit to Rayne, Tuesday, of Mo
a- -Duson can now boast of a time
of debating club. Look to your, lau- ping
a rels, Mr. Caffery, Mr. Blanchard,
ic ye statesmen? When the clarion Thy
e, voices of Dusons's orators reverbe- the e,
a- rate throughout the land, then will April
on men's hair stand straight. Hook
r, -While Duson is only a flag sta- Cade..
re tion, the sale of passenger tickets, Duchar
t, at this point makes a splendid show- Brouss,
LY ing. But there is an inconvenience Lafayei
which we think the railroad authori- DScott .
:o ties could remedy and not to their
)- detriment, and that is by stopping
the early morning east bound train.
n Sometimes a passenger wishes to The
,- reach here early, and must stop at the follu
SRayne or go to Scott or wait till the rosen,
S:30o train. Sometimes business of Boudrea
Simportance demands some of our Martin,
a citizens in Lafayette in the early Alex. M
- morning and they masrs/ go. But as Miss I
y that train does not stop it loses that The i
Smuch patronage besides a great in- iread ac
convenience to the would-be pas- By mn
sengers. We hope the proper au- business
1 thorities will give this due consider- eussions
ation. reading
c -We are informed that consider- MISS I
e able cotton will be planted in this paper or
community this year, and right here Mr.
we think is a good opening for a gin Compan:
and grist mill. T'will make money to exhibi
t for the proprietor and business will chart.
be brisk and bristling. Let it come. allunite,
---Seems to us this would be a tet s
good location for a first-class phy- b
-sician. Let him come. h By m
-An "Ivy Green" has hinted leadoff
that a Catholic church is wanted
here. Well, if people are bent on Mss
being Catholics, there's no use of
hair pullin.' Let it come. Po
-The Methodist, too, lave talked
of building a church here. Well I The Pc
guess there'll always be good old sessson w
Methodist siingin' and good old Ford Ho]
Methodist shoutin'. So let it come, dry, H. I
let it come. Alfred I
and C. C
-Then again somebody may The nni
"bob up serenely" and want some d and,
Babtist pie and Presbyterian pud- The coi
ding. So let'em come, let'em come. report up
--With a fine public school build- Sheri Br
ing in connection with all other the follloq
good things won't we get there. LAFAYs
though. Never mind, Mr. Editor, o ktelire
we may build a big city out here- the F
on paper---ahd then how people Gentlen
ians are will yell because they didn't get in
on the ground floor.
Pre- - ELI PERKINS.
sy with More from Duson.
Dr New Editor Lafayette Gazette.
sent a -We had a heavy rain storm last Monds y I
er Miss night, it blew down one or two small build- I
tor ing.
tor of The continual rains keeps the farmers
from doing anything in their crops which
ties of will cause us to be late this year.
racing -This morning there is considerable ice
limits. with a white frost. The stock looks thin g
for this time of the year, but the loss is very P
wd light. There was a fine zimirpect for a heavy ri
Cullud" fruit crop but I suppose thefreeze will cut it
town short, 01
Ig their -Our public roads are very bad and it t
. We seems there has not been as yet any definite le
plan laid out to work them successfully. I ti
would suggest that every man owning land
climb on public roads be required to build and keep s
Ick for in ordersaid roads, the parish furnishing lum- at
ber to build bridge~. When the road passes F'
itself on more than one side of a tract give it out Ia
by contract, this would cause non-residents Pc
y to help build our roads, whereas they only Pu
I that pay the taxes and refuse to sell the large an
auting tracts owned by them, especially ip the th.
second ward. I will treat of this matter toa of
seeing greater extent in my next letter. an
-Affairs in our neighborhood are quiet.
tware. -The Jlethel public school near Duson,
:rictly taught by Miss Dora Wimberly, of Crowley,
and is working finely. She is giving satisfaction loA
to the patrons. A.
many -She has nearly thirty-two scholars en- sar
that roled with a fair attendance for such bad anc
weather, as we have had. apt
ausin, -There will not be as much rice planted fors
:e, is here this as last year by forty per cent, but the
a large increase il cotton is expected. Du:
Wbbe- -We are raising our own meat and will jo0
not buy as much on credit as formally. For Del
pro- the reason the merchants will not be so Cha
liberal. OBERON. Sai`
Bebe cay
sited Ridge Locals. nort
us a -Owing to the continuous rains B
the farmers in this section are very For
mtion much behind in their work, plowing tae
ated being an impossibility. If good Mr.
Auld weather does not set in at an early Said
the day, we fear that serious consequen- Pact
ces will be the result. feet
tion -It pains us to say that Dr. A. o
the O. Clark is preparing to leave this TE
artu- place to locate in Rayne. In his Dupi
:ient departure Ridge looses a good phy- By
b. sician and the parish of Lafayette a over,
and thhaeret
s on valuable citizen. obstr
-Dr. Lyons is still with us and the p
rted is enjoying a large clientele, but as Th
glad he is unable to go out at night, on laid c
account of his health, there is a as f
ting good opening in Ridge for a young To
physician.
not -Oberon is still trying to find a Gei
tail companion. We sincerely hope of rec
and that he will succeed in captivating since
the heart rf one of Ridge's pretty Feb.
maids. Oberon is a ladies' man, s9
quite handsome, and there is no Maret
reason why he should'nt. Marci
-The post-office will be moved
to Joseph Spell's store as soon as
:en he receives his commission as post
master. March
--The Ridge Temperance Society Mar
i meets every Saturday night with a ca
t fair attendance. Come out, boys, Macch
and lend us a helping hand to Pi
ula further the cause of temperance and
fa- eradicate the whisky evil. March
HUMP BACK. hi
ed Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Chauncey,
of Mobile, Ala., are spending some March
a time in Lafayette. They are stop- By n
Lu- ping at Mrs. Theodule Hebert's. authori
on The following is the schedule of her for
o the excursion to Lake Charles on car loas
iii April 8, given by the Franklin it wE
Hook and Ladder Company: Court I
Time Fare same sc
a- Cade ....................8:26......$ 50 was ut
ts, Duchamp..............8:29..... 50 ing or
w- Broussard................39...... 50 walks.
ce Lafayette ............9:07...... I oo The
Scott ...................9:.17. oo ao
SDuson.................. 9:s7.. 00 journal.
ig Teachers' Institute. The j
n. LAFAYETTE, LA., March 24, 1894. lay out
to The Teachers' Institute met this day with te bri
tt the following teachers present: L. A. Le- And als
re Iosen, R. C. Greig, W. G. Webb, Chas. A. road at
f Boudreaux, J. Flecher, Philip Martin, A. D. Desire I
ir Martin, C. Martin, Miss F. S. Greig and to
ly Alex. Meaux. approve.
Ls Miss Greig was elected secretary pro tem. the f
It The minutes of the previons meeting were PA D
1- read and approved. A l
- By motion of Prof. LeRosen the order of The I
i- business was changed so that essays and dis- A. Glad:
r- cussions should come immediately after the H. Billes
reading of the minutes. Starus
Miss F. S. Greig then read an interesting Moss Br,
s paper on "Facts before Rules." H. bille
e Mr. Stringer representing the Caxton Stares ]
n Company (Publishers) was given permission Perr
y to exhibit and explain a combination school Wm. R.
I chart. The teachers were so pleased that C. Douc,
all united in recommending the chart as the Onezime
best and most comprehensive coming under
their observation. Jser
By motion the Institute adjourned with Saturday
the understanding that Prof. Philip Martin
Slead off in discussion at the next meeting R.C. G
R. C. GREIG. President,
S Miss F. S. GREIG, Secretary pro tem.
Police Jury Proceedings. tiv o
I LAFAYETTE, LA., March 26, u89 meet at t9
The Police Jury met this day in regular Lafayette
session with the following members present: 1894, at
SFord Hoffpauir, R. C. Landry, A. D. Lan- e
Sdry, H. M. Durke, A. A. Delhomme, and
Alfred Hebert. Absent: J. G. St. Julien noelsr I
and C. C. Brown. ew P
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
The committee appointed to examine and
report upon the statement submitted by BI
Sheriff Broussard for taxes of 1892, made The Pri
the folllowing report which was accepted, Literatur
LAFAYETTE, LA., March s2o 1894.
'-o Ike lrfonorable President atd Memhtrs sr of mFire pi
the Police frry. marks.
Gentlemen-- Ve, the undersigned coin- March i
t get in mittee, appointed by your Honorable body
beg leave to report that after a thorough
KINS. investigation of the books and vouchers of
Isaac A. Broussard, sheriff, we find that he
has faithfully accounted for all moneys col
lected for parish taxes for the year 1892, as
shown by herein above statement and there
Monday fore suggest, that a quietus be given to said
ll build- I. A. Brouseard, for parish taxes of said year
farmersA D. e892. spectfully submitted.
a which E. G. VoositEs, Committee.
ALFRED HEBERT, Committe.
able ice By motion duly made it was resolved to
ks thin grant to Sheriff Broussard a quietus for
Sis very parish taxes of 1892 in accordance with the
a heavy report of the committee.
ill cut it The petition of Thos. W. Floyd and
others praying for a public road to be es
and It tablished between Duson and Rayne, was re
definite jected with the recommendation that pe
ully. I titions present the matter in form.
ig land By motion of Mr. R. C. Landry it was re
id keep solved that a jury of six freeholders be and
ig lum- are hereby appointed to trace and lay out a
passes public road forty feet wide, according to
it out law, between the following designated
sidents points: From the Lafayette and Duson
y only public road to Scott station, at the depot
large and connect the said points by public
in the thoroughfare. The following named jury
ter to a of treeholders was then appointed to trace
and lay out said road: Jules Duhon,
uiet. Narcisse Dugat, Odillon Broussard, Jules
Duson, Meaux, Erastc Broussard, Alex Boudreaux.
owley, By m.otion of Mr. D)elhomme the fol
faction lowing namd jury of freeholders, vizi P.
A. Delhomme, Jules Guidry, J. W. Brous
is en- sard, Simon Boudreaux, L. C. Delhomme,
h bad and Simeon Begnaud, be and is hereby
appointed to trace and lay out a public road
lanted forty feet wide according to law between
t, but the follotng designated points: From the
Duson and Lafayett public road, to a point
I will joining the lands of Dr. P. M. Girad. L. C,
For Delhomme, Col. A. D. Boudreaux, Jos.
be so Chas. Breaux, and Widow D. Cayret.
DN. Said proposed road, to run east of Widow
Cayrets land and connect with road lying
north of the Southern Pacific railroad track.
rains By motion of Mr. Delhomme, the president,
very Ford Hoffpauir was authorized to receive and
accept, in the name of the parish of Lafayette,
the donation of a certain strip of land, from
rood Mr. Alcide Judice, for use as a public road.
anrly Said strip of land lying north of the Southern
uen- Pacific railroad, having a width of thirty LC
feet and extending in length from the Section
A. House, of said road, to the land of Mr. A. D.
Boudreaux.
this The sum of $85.oo. was granted unto Wm.
his Dupuis indigent.
hy- By motion it was resolved that the road
to a overseers of the several wards be and are
hereby instructed to cut all levees that
obstruct the natural drains and dam water in
and the public roads of the parish.
as The report of the drainage committee was
laid over. Pa
The treasurer submitted his monthly report
as follows:
ing To the President and lembers of the Police
f sry, ParisA of Lafayette, La., Scho
d a Gentlemen-The following is a statement
pe of receipts and disbursements of parish funds
since last report.
ing 94. . Pr
tt Feb. 26. To cash on hand as per
an, settlement with commnittee $ 6,118 35 1-16
March to. From tax collector
no collected in Feb......... 716 85
March 20. From tax collected
ed balance taxes IS92........ 24 32
as $ 6,859 52
rst- CR
March Io. ly 5 per cent com.
collector collected in Feb. $ 35 84
ty March 24. By Juror certili
a cates paid............... 1 6o
J, Macch 24. Approved orders
to paid .................. .1,11 82
$1,150 26
March 26. To balance on
hand................. $5,70o 26
Respectfully submitted,
e March 6. M. CLEGG, Parish Treasurer.
nMarch 26. 1894.
P- By motion the respective members were
authorized to purchase one car load of lum
of her for the 1st and 8th ward, and also one
n car load for the 2d ward. A. J.
n It was resolved that the fence around the
Court House Square be abolished and the
re same sold after advertisement. Mr. Hebert
50 was authorized to ascertain the cost of lay
50 ing out cement walks, instead of plank
o walks.
to The secretary was authorized to adjust
accounts, between the parish and the official
ý journal.
The jury of the freeholders to trace and
lay out a public road from Lafayette running
south to the limits of Vermilion parish at
the bridge over Coulee Isle de Cannes: OFF
And also to trace and lay out a connecting
Sroad starting from Clemile Simon's and
Desire Monte's lands and extending to the
long bridge on Bayou Queue Tortue made
Sthe following report which was accepted and BI
approved.
The following accounts were laid over:
P. A. Delhomme, constable fees. .... $ 55
A. Gladu, coroner's fees........... oo
A. L LeBlanc sheriff's fees.......... 35 oo
f The following accounts were approved: McCo
A. Gladu, coroner's fees .......... Io o an
H. Billeaud, sack coal ............. So
M. T. Martin, notary fee......... ... 5o
Starcus Hoffpauir, drafting road plat a oo
SMoss Bros & Co. blankets tc .... 6 15
H. billeaud, feeding prisoners.... 1z7 25
Starcus Hoffpaulir, tracing road ... 26 oo
Phineos Hoffpaultr, " .... 26 oo
M. Perry', " " .... 26 oo
IWin. R. Foote, .... 26 oo
SC. Doucet, 4 " .... a6 oo
Onezime D. Trahan .... 6 oo
J. S. Whittington "" .... 26 oo
Jaspter Spell " .... 26 oo
Police Jnry then adjourned until
Saturday April 14 at the usual hour.
FORD HOFFPAUIR, Presidint.
R. C. Galto, Secretary.
Notice.
LAFAYETTE. LA. MarCh If, 1894. Hat
The member's of the Democratic Execu
tive Committee are hereby requested toe
meet at the Court House, in the town of
Lafayette on Saturday, the 35 day of March,
1894, at I a. m.
F. C. LATroLsas, Chairman.
HORlIS IDCO n A :o at ,L
tewoamr DemLIm I atle, Work sad 3asin..
Lew Pmes .1arae, Ace n Weeklasy.
we I and smeL see i meass .
Duson School. Stc
BEN. F. TOLER, Teacher,
The Primary Branches, History, Rhetoric,
Literature, Civil Government. Mannfa6t,
Taken Up.
Five pigs taken up on my place, with ear
marks. Owner must pay costs.
C. A. MouroN. -
March 8, 1894. Cor
able body Y
thorough
I LOTS for SALE!
I that he
ineys col
ý3'892, as
lnd there
" to said We mean LOTS of goods for little money at the
sted. Columbian Cash Store.
"mintee. OUR SPRING STOCK OP
,th Dry Goods, Etc.,
with the
yd and IS NOW COMPLETE AND WE DEFY OOMPETI
be es- TION IN PRICES.
Swas re
hat pe- MOUTON & SALLES.
was re
be and
r out a . M . I
dgnated Bý
Duson
depot
public MANUFACTURING JEWELER
.d jury
Dor 'LAND WA TCHMAKER,
Jules DEALER IN
he fol
Brous-Watches, Clocks, Jewelery. Diamonds,
omme,
hereby
road
- ILVFRVVA E
m the
point
8P SPECTACLES A SPECIALTY.
yret. -CHARMS, BADGES AND MEDALS MADE TO ORDER.
trck ENGRAVING NEATLY EXECUTED.
ident,
e and aiPMail and Express orders will receive prompt attention.
yette,
fronm T M BIO88AT
road.
ther LAFAYETTE, LA.
thirty LOOK BOX 37 LAFA YETTE LA.
ction
4. D.
Wm. TRAHAN & DOUCET,
are Successors to J. E. TRAHAN,
that L i G -1 ""
rD .u ( I S T
--AND DEALERS IN-
port Paints, Varnishes, Window 6lass
.. FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books aud Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars,
nds Meilliter's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
35 -16--3 ly
85
32 Miss Louise Revillon
84 c..Solicits a visit to her.
M/LLINGRY
26 = PARLOR
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE G(OODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
he
iMOSS & MOUTON
t LLUBG --"
al "c
'd At WHOLESALE and RETalL
at
SOFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPO
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
SCypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, WValking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and .
Stalk Cutters, htc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
.NW AND SIEASONABLB
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries Etc.
also Ladies' and children's Shoes
G. LACOSTE,
--DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
afraefand WACON,
Mantlfacturer's agent for Waking and Riding Cutiatrors, HrLrat ni L r  .7
Harow, Stalk Cutter. Corn ad Co -o .ms.ne-, 5 1 71
rr.i..s., Hp-_La... ..4 g Ca". --.
Corner of Jeffersen asa~ VtrM~h. -