ITHIE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1893. NUMBER 10.
·I( '4 . A II . *- - - - - - - -- 1 ·II
Burr nu nnr nnnnlr nmn nnn
If civilian the
word "court
martial" calls
up' harrowing
thoughts of summary trials, decisive
action, "terrlbliq sentences an& quick
retribution,., intermingled with tor
menting-,visions of austere courts, de
jectedoffenders, and scenes verging on
the inquisitorial abuses of old. A hor
rible panorama of an execution in some
secluded spot in the gray dawn haunts
the dismal-fancy of the morbidly sensi
tive, and in the mind's eye is depicted
the hapless and helpless victim as he
totters on the brink of an open grave
and receives the leaden messengers of o
death from smoking rifles in the hands t
of an unfortunate firing detail, who v
are afterward seen to perform the sad -
duties of a burial party. c
No, my innocent and civil brother, c
such conditions do not exist, nor have -
they ever existed in this glorious coun
try except in time of war, and even
then in flagrant and desperate cases
only. Discard your gloomy thoughts a
and learn that in these piping times of
peace, when every little offense and
minor breach of discipline is investi
gated by either a summary, garrison,
or general court-martial, it is not an
uncommon occurrence for the genius
of comedy to enter the inquisitorial tc
chamber. ti
Who would think it? Comedy parad- s
ing before a court-martial! Even so.
Private Schute of Company B,--th
infantry, was arraigned to answer to "
the awful charge of "conduct to the ei
prejudice of good order and military at
discipline." This charge is one of the tl
stereotyped kind which, like charity,
serves to cover a multitude of sin. It t
is always on tap, is used extensively,
and will be found covering a large per- p
centage of accusations against military
offenders. When all other specific s
charges covered by the articles of war yE
fail to meet the requirements of a case,
the somber and well-worn blanket of
"conduct to the prejudice, etc," is
spread over a sheet of legal cap and CO
the entire omnibus hurled at the un
fortunate offender's head.
On behalf of the prosecution three '
witnesses were introduced who testi- tic
fled in support of the heinous offenses th
alleged to have been committed by the b
prisoner at the bar. So positive and us
conclusive was the testimony of these to
witnesses that the judge advocate of Pr
the courtdeemed it unnecessary to call
upon others who had been cited to ap- th
pear. lIe rested the prosecution on
the overwhelming evidence adduced,
but to give the trial the proper legal
flavor he asked: ne:
"Private Schute, what have you to
offer in defense?" a to
Rising slowly from hip chair Private ga.
Schute gulped down a big lump of
something which had gathered in his
throat-he was an old hand at the busi
ness, having earned the sobriquet of
the guard-house lawyer-and, raising
a pair of pleading eyes, the warrior
spoke in tremulous tones:
'May it please the court, Private
Gunn, my 'ounky' [a soldier bedfellow],
was with me on the day in question,
and I wish to introduce his testimony
as to my sobriety at that time. I also
desire to testify in my own behalf.
That is all I have to offer, and I con
fidently rely on the justice of the
court. "
Private Gunn, who was in convenient
waiting, was called. After being duly
sworn, according to law, he testified to
the identity of the accused and stated
that on the day in question he was in
the company of the prisoner, who, he
alleged, was not intoxicated at any THE
time.
Considerably startled by such con- rec
flicting testimony, old Maj. Ball, the cats
president of the court, dropped the sir,
newspaper which he was reading, the
other members of the court awoke .'
from a lethargy into which they had po
pardonably fallen, the judge advocate itg
opened his eyes in mild astonishment, glat
the prisoner-smiled complacently, and, eyes
looking straight at Private Gunn, who maj
was now the synosure of all eyes, he idea
remarked: "That's all." can
Glad enough to escape, Private Gunn topp
turned to leave the room,, but before kape
he couid make his exit he was called Hi.
back by the president of the court. tary
"Doyou mean to positively assert," c ea
asked that officer, "that Private Schute this
was not intoxiriated on the day in ques- int
ion? terea
"Yis, sorr, that's what Oi do," an- misi
swered the witness, as he east an af- "jag
fectionate glance at his "bunky." "Oi from
was wid him nearly all th' day an' he the c
niver got full." the 1
"Did you see him drink any liquor at the
all?"
"W-e-l-l, so-m-e,"' responded the hes- saile
itating Gunn, "but he wuz niver ly d
drunk." adjul
"How many times did you see him drivi
drink?" interposed a natty second lieu and
tenant, whose curiosity was now ex- had
cited. Th
"Oh, jist a few toimes, sorr." thro
"Bow many times do you consider a larit
few?" asked the officer. not a
"Not many, sorr." was
"That's equivocationl" cried the lihe- tence
tenant tence
"Oi dunno, sorr," responded Gunn, speal
"but he wuzzent full." soldii
"Answer the .gentleman's question," whicl
said the judge advocate, who uame to way
the relief of the puzzled witness. "Did sente
you see the prisoner drink, say, five the c
times?" Priva
"Yis, orr." fantr
"id you see him drink ten times?" five d
"'-is, s-o-r-'." and t
"*id h-,e mw.l oftewg tha te c" hrn
tun.? *I.
"1i geass he did, sorr."
"Private Gunn, remember th-at you
are under oath. Did you see the pris
oner drink fifteen times?"
"O1 did-didn't count 'em, sorr, b-b-but
01 sh-sh-shouldn't wonder if he did,
but he niver got full," answered theo
stammering witness as he cast his
eyes upon Schute with a please-for
give~mne look that had its effect on the
court if not upon the prisoner.
The president of the court-an old
veteran who had grown gray in the
service, whose heart was not half as
hard as the strong lines in his face
arose-from his seat and, assuming an
age air of dignity which the twinkle in his
the gray eyes belied, addressed the wit
urt- ness:
ails "Private Gunn, this court is not to
'ing be hampered by prevarication or half
live answers. What we want is the un
jick varnished truth without qualifying
or- opinions. You say that the prisoner
de- drank fifteen times, but that he did not
on become intoxicated. Now, between
for what hours did he take those drinks?" f
ime "Betune tin o'clock in th' mornin' r
nts an' wan o'clock in the afthernoon, d
asi- sorr." t
ted "What kind of liquor did he drink?" f
he "Whisky, sorr; nothin' in it." t
ave "Whisky!" exclaimed the astonished d
Sof officer. "For three hours you observed t
ads the prisoner drinking whisky at inter- j
rho vals of but twelve minutes, and yet a
sad you have the temerity to say to this
court that he did not become intoxi- s
cated?" e
"'e "Ah, shure, major, it was sutler's d
an- whisky." sl
'en "'o levity, sir!" thundered the ma- p
ses jor, who suppressed a smile as he a
hts asked: "Do you know what the word 11
of 'intoxicated' means?" A
nd "Shure," replied the witness.
ti- "WVell, what?" g
31. "Plain drunk, sorr." ti
an The dignity of the court was suffer- n
is ing. All the members were required Is
ial to hide their faces lest their apprecia- il
tion of the ridiculous might be ob- b,
s- served.
Recovering from the mirth-provok- n,
th ing effect of the answers of the wit- st
to ness, the major corrugated his brow sa
he even more deeply, and to the intense tt
ry amusement of the other members of is
he the court he again resumed the attack:
g "Do you know sir, when a man is in- ce
it .toxicated?" ju
"Shure an' any wan knows that," re- a
r-plied Gunn. st
"y "Never mind about any other per- la
ie son," said the major, in rigid tones; "do pr
ar you know it?" de
"Av coorse 01 do." ad
of "Then according to your opinion, in th
is what condition must a man be to be re
ad considered intoxicated?" wi
n- "Shure, whin lie's loaded, sorr." fa
"Tut, tut!" testily ejaculated the asl
ee major; "that is not answering my ques- ple
ti- tion. What I want to know is what an
the condition of the man must be, his sh
balance of mind, his condition as to po
Bd usefulness or helplessness, his ability Ar
to walk and talk, his-" vo
"POh, well, that depinds," interrupted I
11 Private Gunn. of
"Depends on what?" excitedly cried "o
, the major. Inc
S"On what ye moight consither bein' nec
drunk," calmly responded the wit- res
ness. nol
"That's exactly what I am laboring tir,
to ascertain," said the major, as he tel
gazed at the ceiling vainly trying to the
f adj
as
tiol
fro:
Ie o9' pre
ivit
I, o ing
S ** ,i intl
not
sir, give us your unhindered ideas o ut
' f Wi or
the subject.in
"Faith, wll, major," slowly re- co
pro
glance at his bunky" he raised his
eyes and said: As Oi obsurved beoreoie
major, it depinds itirly on wan's own I
ideas. For mesil Oi don't think a mancone
Tcan be caDIIT OF TwnrightE COdrunT WA GONE. inj
recover his composure. "When do o iz
adyou consider a man runk,allen or intoxi- edit
cated, or fullas you term it. Come, thc
Busir, give us your unhindered ideas ot fair
sponded the the uitness, and, after lower- of oi
mising his head and stealing a furtive fact
lance at his "itiobun" of the raised his mat
eyhe drolleandsaid: "of the answerved befoor, atedute
major itdepis ofs intirl oraniums own In
ideas. Formend a chslf Oi don'tf lauthink as- man Pes
can be called downright drunk till he have
topples ovler an' has to werab areroot to just
kape from fillsin' off the earth.djoinin taroom,
had gone agstaff fallen n te mii- d.o c
The phrastice was adopte would notas a byword byt
larity becamore conwidespread, but ithan did com
this pnrting sot fisare Private Schutby Thrivat warrior. then
wastred before the uniqueilty, and was duly sen-der
from the composition ofby the court e was puninot sen
thspeak in thdrolle vernacular of ounswer enetlisted wrom
way the bumpoys have of wit onexpressing the raniums of the
grnteneat, whiand a ch read as fofloaujvs: "And- tage
hsailed the walldoes thereforf the rooms, severe- nece
Private Sturbing hute, compequany ,imity of the rih
adjutnt's clericalto forfeit to the United Statesre Fr
drive dollars (in5) of his monthly room, ina
and twho be coinstantly thought that justice tari
throergeh of the garpost risard for the pope- be t
not save Private S"chulte That me rrir sign
CLEVELAND AND THE TARIFF.
you No Uneertaltyl Concerntag the lssen
pris- tions of the New Admluistratton.
rbut President Cleveland shows in his ia.
-b augural address that he has made no
thi departure from the position he has al
his ways held on the subject of tariff
-for- reform by reduction of tariff taxation.
-the The policy he set forth in his inaug
ural of 1885 and in his repeated mes
old sages to congress is the same policy
old declared in his inaugural of 1893 to be
the that of the democratic administration.
f as It is well to bear this fact in mind
ce- when speculating as to the character 1
= an of the tariff reform bill which wfil be
his reported to congress next fall as the
wit- result of the summer's labors of the
democratic leaders in congres:s and the
t democratic administration. It was
half Grover Cleveland who directed s
un- the attention of the dem- t
rag ocratic party to the necessity of tariff J
mner reform by tariff reduction and who by
not his persistence made it the dominant
cn issue. In what spirit the work of re
CS?" form will be entered upon can be un
nin' understood by a review of the several
Pon, declarations of PresidentICleveland on
the subject. In every one of them. s
k?" from the first to the last, it is insisted ti
that the work must be done with pru
hed dent regard for business interests and ti
ved the welfare of the industrial classes. ii
her- The task is to be reformatory, not de- 1l
yet structive. U
this In his inaugural of March, 1775, he
ix- said that "a due regard for the inter-s
Sests and prosperity of all the people" pi
ar's demands "that our system of revenue T
shall be so adjusted as to relieve the -
na- people of unnecessary taxation, having
he a due regard to the interests of capital ti
ord invested and workingmen employed in c<
American industries." bi
In his first annual message to con- pt
gress, December, 1885, he said: "'Jus
tice and fairness dictate that, in any di
er- modification of our present laws re- st
red lating to revenue, the industries and th
:in- interests which have been encouraged or
ab- by such laws, and in which our citi- ro
zens have large investments, should
ik- not be ruthlessly injured or de- th
rit- stroyed. We should also deal with the pl
Dw subject in such manner as to protect tu
ise the interests of American labor, which va
of is the capital of our workingmen." th
=c: In the second annual message, De- Fr
in- cember, 1880. he said that "in read
justing the burdens of federal taxation
re- a sound public policy requires that stu
such of our citizens as have built up or
ar- large and important industries under *i
do present conditions should not be sud- an
denly, and to their injury, deprived of aic
advantages to which they have adapted Ka
in their business; but, if the public good
be requires it, they should be content so,
with such consideration as shall deal for
fairly and cautiously with their inter- del
io ests, while the just demand of the peo- pe
ns- ple for relief from taxation is honestly go,
at answered," adding that "due regard tiv
is should also be accorded, in any pro- rig
to posed readjustment, to the interests of o
ty American labor so far as they are in- his
volved." ord
ad Il his famous tariff reform message o
of December, 1887, after declaring that der
d "our present tariff laws, the vicious, up
Inequitable and illogical source of un- life
n' necessary taxation, ought to be at once
.t revised and amended," he said: "It is ras
not proposed to relieve the country en- pla
Ig tirely of this taxation. It must be ex- righ
*e tensively continued as the source of his
to the government's income; and in a re- mai
adjustment of our tariff the interests
of American labor engaged in mann- the
facture should be carefully considered,
as well as the preservation of our man
ufacturers. It may be called protec
tion, or by any other name, but relief org;
from the hardships and dangers of our pos
present tariff laws should be devised dua
with special precaution against imperil- Clam
ing the existence of our manufacturing lica
interests. But this existenoe should
not mean a condition which, with
out regard to the public welfare of t
or a national exigency, must always Our
insure the realization of immense
profits instead of moderate profitable t
returns." tic
Ii his last annual message to congress, vi
December, 1888, lie said: "A just and sen
sible revision of our tariff laws should TI
be made for the relief of those of our sena
countrymen who suffer under present real
conditions. * * * Existing evils and coan
injustice should be honestly recog- to t
nized, boldly met and effectually rem- resu
edied. There should be no cessation of wh
the struggle until a plan is perfected, acts,
p fair and conservative toward existing who
industries, but which will reduce the prop
cost to consumers of the necessaries gres
of life, while it provides for our manu- cool
facturers the advantage of free raw view
materials and permits no injury to the mor
interests of American labor." . pens
In his inaugural of 1March 4, 189 prop
P.'esident Cleveland said the people 000,
have "determined in favor of a more appr
just and equitable system of federal turn
taxation. The agents they have chosen cumi
to carry out their purposes are bound bank
by their promises, not less than by the app
command of their masters, to devote tion
themselves unremittinRly to this serv- that
ice. WVhile there should be no surren- not
der of principle, our task must be of
undertaken wisely and without heed- it4
less vindictiveness. Our mission is not spon
punishment bu- the rectification of
wrongs. If, in lifting burdens from Rol
the daily life of our people, we re- the ]
duce inordinate and unequal advan- cons
tages too long enjoyed, this is but a the
necessary incident of our return to wher
right and justice." misle
From the inaugural of 1885 to the ury
inaugural of 1893 every reference to orgar
tariff reform is made on precisely the funds
same lines. It is on these, lines that the
the democratic tariff bill of 1893 will emos
be shaped. No tariff bill not con- retar
structed on these lines will receive the says
signature of Graver Cleveland.-Cleve- that
land Plain Dealer bed
THE DEMOCRATIC PROGRAMME, prpc
some of the Alms of the Cleveland Ad- thus
minlstratlon. turne
The new administration by the pledges admit
of President Cleveland's inaugural ad- large
dress is committed: durin
1. To a sound and stable currency. istrat
. To refuse bounties and subsidies. the o~
3. To check wild and reckless pen- cannu
sion expenditure. the r
4. To limit public expenditures to pletec
public necesklties. - rasse
4 To aw ak e*tolouar rather Lthaa trat
1IFF. partisan service the basis of appoint,
ments to office.
6. To use the powers of the federal
___ government to restrain trusts and com
no bines.
al- 7. To secure to all citizens equality
tariff before the law.
ion. 8. To accomplish tariff reform and
ang- make the necessity for government
mes- revenue the limit of the exercise of the
olicy taxing power.
D be It is a democratic programme, a pro
tion. gramme which the people wish to see
mind carried out. It will be opposed stub.
ieter bornly at every point by interests
1 be which thrive on the evils democratic
the endeavor seeks to correct, but Presi
the dent Cleveland in carrying it out will
the have the disinterested patriotism of
was the country supporting him as it has
cted seldom, if ever before, united to sus
1em- tain a president an his policy.-Albany
aifft Argus.
by NOTES AND COMMENTS.
ant -
re - r. Cleveland isn't afraid to speak
un- his mind, and he has a mind to speak.
eral -Boston Globe.
on - "The protection for protection's
em. sake" business is now wrestling with
ted the political assignee.-N. Y. World.
pr- --Secretary Carlisle thinks that the
and treasury situation is improving. That
ses. is about the way the case begins to
de. look to most persons.-St. Louis Globe
Democrat (Rep.).
be - The opposition to Gresham for
tea secretary of state came from the re
ale" publicans, and not the democrats.
nue This shows which party is the broader.
the -St. Paul Globe.
ing - The declarations and pledges of
ital the inaugural address represent the
I in convictions not only of the larger part
but the better part of the American
on- people.--Buffalo Courier.
ls- -The only persons interested ina&
any dishonorable pension roll are the pen
re- sion lawyers. All is fish that comes to
and their net. Honorable soldiers are the
ged ones most interested in keeping the I
;iti- roll a roll of honor.-Albany Argus.
ld - Now that the thing is done and
de- the new administration is an accom- I
the plished fact, due thanks should be re
oct turned to Andrew Carnegie for the in
ich valuable assistance wlhichbe rendered I
the victorious democracy. - Detroit I
)e- Free Press.
ad- --Mr. Cleveland has declared the
ion principles of democracy as he under- I
hat stands them. There is not a senator I
uP or representative who will take issue t
her with him on the sentences of his in
id- augural address. The logical conclu .
of sions are as plain as the principles-
ad Kansas City Times.
od - Tariff for public revenue only,
at sound currency and civil service re
'al form are the dominant notes of Presi- )
Cr- dent Cleveland's inaugural. A the
0- people have placedl in control of the I
government the foremost representa
rd tive of these policies, he has a just
0- right to expect that they will gener
of onsly sustain him during the term of
'- his administration.-Philadelphia Rec-i
ord.
6e -WVhen Mr. Cleveland was presi- a
at dent before. "tlhe fierce light that beats I ,c
is, upon a throne"' was not turned on his P
n- life as a boy. The insatiable biog- e
e raphers are now at work on his career
sas a child. They will tell all about his o
a- playing truant when the streams were
x- right for fishing, of his putting pins in
of his teacher's chair, of gambling with
e-marbles and pecking eggs. Writers Si
ts are more rthless nowadays than when
n- the lives of Vashington were written.
-N. Y. World.
- ---WVhile many of the republican fn
organs are charging that it is the pur- m
pose of the new administration to wage as
a war of extermination against the in- la'
dustries of the country here comes be
Clarkson with his address to the repub- w:
g lican clubs and the important informa- us
tion that "the cabinet of the new pres- se
- ident is made up mainly in the interest etc
of the great corporations of the land." in,
's Our republican fellow-citizens have not stc
0yet been able, it seems, to agree among is
e themselves where they are at.-Louis- ma
ville Courier-Journal. hu
Party ApproprIations. da
There is a dispute between the repre- wli
sentatives of the two parties as to the on
t real appropriations made during the ant
d congress just closed and their relation Th
to those of the previous congress. One a
result is reached by the republicans. lo
f who take the figures of the separate wo
acts, and another by the democrats. ski
who give weight to the continuous ap- it a
propriations make by the previous con- gm
gress, and which the last congress it,
could not reject. Unquestionably the rig
view presented by the latter is the wa
more just. For instance, the dependent hoc
pension bill of 1890 required an ap- the
propriation in this congress of 8100,- the
000,000: the McKinley bill entailed an ble
appropriation of '20,00,000; the law ara
turning into the treasury the fund ac- sati
cumulated from the tax on national for
bank circulation made it necessary to wo.
appropriate 816,500,000 for the redemp- bad
tion of notes previously redeemed from of a
that fund. These appropriations would my
not have been made but for the action wa
of the Fifty-first congress, and the her
Fifty-second congress is in nowise re- thi
sponsible for them.-N. Y. Times. up
Condition oe the Trneasury.
Repeatedly during the last ten years bed
the Times has drawn attention to the her.
constant depletion of the treasury of tim
the United States, and pointed out each
wherein the treasury statement was mac
misleading. The retort of the treas- so h
ury authorities and of republican tell
organs was uniform denial that trust eael
funds had been endangered or that h
the treasury was in the slightest
emoarrassetd. The republican see geti
retary, Mr. Foster, retires, and ma
says complacently in doing s w
that the treasury is down t The
bad rock - that isa. for current e
purposes, it was practically empty rush
when turned over to his successor. N'ot a
thus the Cleveland administration we
turned over the treasury to the Harrison "put
administration. Then there was a pres
large surplus. The surplus squandered h
during four years of republican admin Susp
istration, there are current bills against She
the oflice to-dlay that. though audited, lear
cannot be paid. The extravagance oi then
the republican administration has de. f
pleted the treasury and has embar drug
rssed at the outset the new admian,
tration--Ghkioio l Tame, N- 1
point. USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
loral _~ - utterScoteh.-Boil together aeup.
com- su sugar, a cupful of molasses, half
a cupful of butter, a tablespoonful of
ality vinegar and one-fourth of a teaspoonful
of soda. Stir frequently, and as soon as
and " the sirup will snap between the teeth
nent after being dipped in cold water, re
i the move from the fire and flavor to taste.
Pour upon a buttered tin one-fourth of
pro an inch thick, and when nearly cold
 see mark off in strips or squares and wrap
stub- in paraffine paper.-Good Housekeep
rests ing.
ratio -Clam Broth.-Little neck clams are
rest- preferred for stews and broths; the
will large ones may be used for chowders.
a of Wash three dozen in cold water, put
has them in a saucepan and cover with a
sus- quart of hot water. Boil fifteen min
any utes and drain. Remove the shells,
chop fine the clams and add them to
the broth with a lump of butter and a
pinch of salt and cayenne. Boil ten
peak minutes, pour into a tureen and add a
ak. slice of toast.-Boston Budget.
-English women are as uncertain as
en's are the fair New Yorkers concerning
rith the unduly wide skirts. bome of them,
d. it is recorded, venture on "a huge cir
the cumference, then repent and send it
,ha back to the long-suffering modiste to
s to 'take it in.' The latest argument of the
No Crinoline League is quite the fun
niest. Its originator has gravely point
ored out that the influenza of the last few
winters has so weakened the majority
re-. of women that they are not strong
. enough to endure the great weight of 1
the crinoline"--N. Y. Tribune. 1
a of -Ragout of Hare.--Cut the cold hare 1
the into as neat pieces as possible; make a
art gravy from the remainder of the gravy
Sof the day before with a little butter
and water, or by simmering the bones
and trimmings with soup herbs and
i vegetables; lay the pieces of meat in the
eto gravy when it is nicely thickened,
I strained and seasoned; simmer for five
the minutes, dish and garnish with points
Sof toast. The meat may also be minced ie
ad and heated in enough of the gravy to a
moisten it; then heap on squares of but- a
tered toast; garnish with slices of lemon t'
re- and pass currant jelly with it Squir
in- rels, hares and rabbits may all be c
edi cooked according to the foregoing reci- a
pes.-American Agriculturist.
h -Compote of Apples.-Place a cupful
each of water and sugar in a porcelain
er- or graniteware pan, add six cloves or a
for few bits of stick cinnamon, and allow
ne the liquid to boil for fifteen minutes s
in- where it can not scorch; then remove p
the spice. I-are and core eight large
apples of equal size, or ten smaller
ones, and cook them in the sirup until
$* they are done but not broken. Lift the
- apples out carefully, one at a time, ar
hrange them, open end upward, on a er
l arge flat dish, and place two or three at
hcandied cherries or half a teaspoonful dc
° of jelly or any kind of marmalade upon bb
each. Then boil the sirup until it is m
ropy, and pour it over the apples cl
of When cold the dessert may be eaten re
c- with any kind of cake. If a still richer
and handsomer dish is desired, whipped
is cream may be arranged about the ap
is ples or heaped over them, and what
ever fruit or preserves is used inside W
the apples may be strewn sparingly
over the cream. This makes a very el
gant preparation. -Delineator.
SHE GOT THE GUM. de
rs Femlanle Acuteness Was Too Much rot pal
n the Penny in, the Slot Machine. Ca
. One cold day recently a well dressed mc
and comely young woman stopped in eg;
n front of one of these penny in the slot life
r- machines usually seen in drug stores tin
e and which shed chewing gum, choco- of
1- late, etc. This particular machine had wi
s been set outside the door on the side- du
- walk, lying in wait for the weak and tot
i- unwary who might otherwise escape its sol
- seductive toils by not coming into the ne:
store. From the calm content of stand- egj
ing in everybody's way in the drug sh<
t store and accepting such patronage as wa
R is there bestowed upon it, this fiendish tur
machine had gone out to deliberately dce
hunt down its victims. It was a cold she
day, but it will be a much colder day inc
- when the young woman who was halted the
a on the highway and publicly insulted thr
e and robbed by this machine gets left. the
n The wind came around the corner like jus
a bulldog spoiling for a fight. It Thi
, looked as though the young woman oft
would have all she could do to keep her eve
skirts from ballooning, but she did the
Sit with one hand and worked a slot for into
gum with the other. That is, she tried froi
Sit, but though the penny went in all to s
right the gum wouldn't come out, She han
was mad, but she openened her pocket- D
L book and taking a Penny out of it put are
the penny in her mouth while she shut idea
the pocketbook up again. Then she sari
blew in the slot for luck and tried it has
again. But it didn't work tiny more spri
satisfactorily this time than it did be- sar3
l fore. Clearly, any further attempts ful.
would be throwing good money after to .
bad. A woman hates to be beaten out end
I of a cent, and I could plainly see from ing
my position inside the store that she peri
was giving this highwayman a piece of suce
her mind. The latter seemed to resent eggi
this by getting its slender legs tangled clea
up in the young woman's skirt, and hent
when she tried to separate them it grab- and
bed her and tripped her up and fell on addi
her. In the briefest possible space of lose:
time the angry pair were rolling over hart
each other on the sidewalk, now the
machine on top, then the woman, but
so hopelessly entangled you could only c
tell them apart by the legs, of which
each had apparently an indefinite num- mak
her. The wind just got up and howled.
It was plain that the machine was the 1
getting the worst of it, for its face was
smashed, and gum and chocolate sticks have
were scattered all over the sidewalk. tion.
The drug clerkc rushed out to the res- Tra
cue of his infernal machine, and I pork
rushed out to the support of the wom- pens
an. They broke atray, however, before Do
we got there, the machine having been gron
"put tosleep," to use a pugilistic ex- grou
pression: The victorious woman didn't tenic
show a scratch, but rubbed her knee Ta
suspiciously and was as red as a lobster. q nan
She shook herself together, as if to anim
learn whether she was all there, and him
then deliberately pickled up two sticks Ta
of gum and turned to the astonished tti
drug clerk. el
"I got my gum, anyhow," she auid.- d
;N. Y, Uerad1 ia
FARM AND GARDEN.
cup
half THE POULTRY YARD.
ulof
inful Description and Pictures of |Handy Coop
in as and Laying flaxes.
eeth The readers of your paper generally
re, have the best of everything placed be
aste. fore them, and, as it is largely the con
h of tributions of practical men and wom
cold en, these designs for laying boxes and
vrap coop for hen and chickens seem appro
:eep- priate to be submitted for criticism and
instruction. Both have been in use in
are our yard for twelve years past, and
the have proven satisfactory beyond any
lers. others that have meantime come under
put our notice. If neatly and well made,
th a
nin
alls,
n to
ida
ten
id a
ared for, they will last many yeas
in e of ou have been in constant use
em, for fifteen or more seasons, and the
cir- st cost need not be great.
I itshoe o or similar pack
e to occasionally painted and properly
the cared for, they will last many years;should
un-e -inchof ours drave been in constant use
ib for fifteen or more seasons, halvend tho
few first cost need not be great.
city An empty shoe box or similar pack- c
ong ing case will furnish most of the luin- t
t of ber. The material for the coop should i:
are bottom frame 1 by 2 inches, halved to- a
:e a gether at corners; ridge-piece I inccshes
avy wire cloth in upper front 3 or 1-inch s
ter mesh. The slats for front,of hard, strong t
nes ti
the -tltl
ed, Viii IJIIIII1 i
lye -Utl
*ed wood, .j- by n1-inch, the center oe o
to movable, and all let into mortices, top
ut- and bottom. There is a movable bat
on tom board. 19 by 29, of 1_-inch stuff.
ir- The front board of coop can be best se- ci
be cured with wooden buttons. We have
ci- abandoned hinges, as they rust fast.
This board, when down, can be used \
ful to place feed on. The bottom bou.rls di
win will save many a brood from marau.d
ra ing skunks and rats s.
,, The laying boxes have the merit of
es seclusion, which will please biddy arid a
,e prevent excuse for a stolen nest. One ,
ge fa
Ler st
til of
n bottom or back should be used, so they en
Smay be easily whitewashed and kept ca
Sclean. The front, when raised, can ie C
rested back on the top while gathering
er eggs.-Country Gientleman.
- CARE OF SETTING HENS.
ie WViy a Sndden Change of Diet Is to hie
ly Scrupbulously Avoided. le;
1 A setting hen should have the same chi
food as she has been accustomed to, at cot
the start at least, and if any change is cni
desirable it should be made only by de- s
grees. A sudden change of diet may -
a interfere with its proper digestion, one
cause the hen to have a diarrhea, ant dal
d make her leave her nest, or foul her Th
n eggs, and sometimes even destroy her
it life. If a hen has diarrhea, while set
rs ting, it is advisable to add a few drops
- of tincture of iron to the drinking
d water. This will usually check the un
due looseness, and will also act as a
d tonic to the system. If a hen, by rca
s son of this diarrhea, has fouled her
e nest, or if she has broken any of the
1- eggs in the nest, the remaininag ones
g should be promptly washed in tepid
s water, dried with a soft clotk an I re- tL
ih turned to the nest after it has been
y cleaned. Neither hot nor cold water
I should touch the eggs while undergoing
P incubation. The hen should be
1 thoroughly dusted with insect powder
three times during the hatching, at
the start, at the end of ten days and getl
Sjust before the eggs are due to hatch. long
t This dusting will destroy the lice that se
Soften cause a hlien to set uneasily, or are
even to desert her nest, and will give h
the chickens a fair chance, by coming ann
r into the world in a nest that is free eig
Sfrom vermin. They will have enough ea
Sto do fightng vermin without being to a
handicapped at the start. port
Do not sprinkle the eggs while they satg
are hatching. It was an old-fashioned beta
idea that this was absolutely neces
sary, but by numerous experiments it anot
has been clearly demonstrated that
sprinkling eggs is entirely unneces- TI
sary and sometimes it is possibly harm
ful. Where it can be done, it is best prey
to set several hens at once. At the o fa
end of ten days test the eggs, remov- the
ing the clear ones-a very little ex- surfi
perience will enable anyone to do this s
suceessfully-and distribute the fertile is e
eggs chamong the setters. If many erk
clear eggs are removed a part of theer
hens wvill be sufficeient to cover them, omy
and the oaers can be reset. Ten days e t
additional setting, even if the hen be a
loses somewhat in flesh, will do her no ote;
harm.-American Agriculturist. l
LIVE STOCK NOTES. chen
CorForr is necessary in order to wali
make the most out of feed. or th
SPRINKLING carbolic acid through at
the bedding will maintain health.
IF the colts are fed oats they will Th
have a better framework or fourda. three
tion. lag ti
TaE prine:pal objection to winter a sec
pork making is the fundamental ex- leave
paense to maintain animat heat.- bedd
Do or feed fattening rations to wher
growing stock, or food adapted to the beds
growth of bone and muscle to the fat- eedim
tening stock. -s rei
Tag hog will thrive on a greater
quantity of food than any other farm wfl
animanl, yet he needs a variety to keep nwf
him in good condition. o
Tus best indications that lambs are Gos
getting sufficient nourishment is a ovous
well-rounded body and a clean face they a
and btight clean wool.-Lsiv tvock In- free
N DRAINAGE OF FARMS.
Whe Only Real and Practleable Method
of lLnprovinrg Wet Lands.
Coop here water after rains stands for a
long time in the furrows and slight de
pressions in the ground, and on lands,
d be- where the shoes of the farmer, except
in periods of drought, are habitually
on- clogged with sticky mud, and the hoofs
aom- of animals as they sink into the yield
ing soil make cavities which maintain
?pro- their shape for days, oftentimes hold
asd ing water, the necessity for drainage
of some kind is too clearly indicated to
and admit of any doubt. For changing
ndY such unfavorable conditions, where
ever the lay of the land will permit,
lade, open surface drainage is often resorted
to at first.
While such drains are useful in some
cases, in the matter of a permanent inm
provement of the soil they amount to
but little and are liable to be the
cause of impoverishment in the soil it-/
self by carrying off fertilizing matte -
into the gullies and streams. Where
the surplus 'rain that falls upon the
ground can be led off from the surface
in the same clear state in which it de
scended from the clouds, the soil re
ceives no injury fron its escape, but it
erly is only under occasional peculiar con
ars; ditions that this will occur.
use This is so well understood by most
the cultivators, that other methods have
come into use. One, formerly more
iek- common than at present, was to throw
um- i the wet land is;to high and wide ridges
)uld in the fall and leave it in that condition
The until spring. When cultivation is
I to- about to begin these ridges are further
ies; widened and flattened out, affording a
nch series of rather wide spaces, much bet
on; ter fitted for cultivation, but with very
undesirable ditches between them, of
ten holding stagnant water throughout
the entire season. While such a prac
tice will not draw fertility away from
the soil, it consigns a considerable por
tion of it to non-usage and is otherwise
IDe objectionable in many respects.
tp ' The only real and practicable meth
)ot- od of improving wet farm lands, by
wf. which their condition is permanently
se changed for the better, is by the use
are of underground drains for which tile is
ist. the most common and best material.
sod Where these are placed at proper
rhs depths, say from three to four feet,
ud- and at suitable distances apart, vary
ing greatly according to the compact
f ness of the soil to be drained, and with
mud a slight fall towards their outlets,
nc wihatever elements of fertility the sur
face water may contain will be
strained out within reach of the roots
of plants in its descent towards the
drains. Furthermore, the upper line
of the ground water sinks below the
level of the drains, and the benefit of
this form of drainage is realized by the.
ao soil above them becoming favorably
changed in its general character and
y earlier and better fitted for crops.
pt Colman's Rural World.
lie
CAPITAL FARM GATE.
Wire Is Used in Its Construction to Good
Advantage.
Re Gates made wholly of wood are
heavy. Since wire has become so
to cheap it has entered largely into the
at construction of gates, proving light
is and serviceable. The accompanying
e- sketch of a wire gate was sent us by
S. Barrington. The form shown is
n, one of the best as regards strength,
Id durability and freedom from sagging.
"r The frame of the gate is wood put to
d
r -
A SERVICEABLE FAILRM GATE.
gether in the usual manner, with a
long brace (b) placed as shown in the
sketch and nailed in position. Holes
are .bored in the end pieces through
which are passed and firmly secured
annealed No. 7 or 8 wire; seven or
eight single strands may be used to
each gate. If the gate can be hinged
to a building or a high post a wire sup
port (a) can be used to prevent
sagging. Ifs few links of chain are
attached to one end of the wire it may
be always kept tight by hooking up
another link.--American Agriculturist.
Econolay in Farmn Buildings.
There is a false economy widely
prevalent in the construction not only
of farmhouses but of barns, stables and
other buildings that are intended to
shelter stock. lMere size of superficial
surface does not count in this. It has
not warmth, and whether animal heat
is kept up by extra fuel in the stove o0
extra grain burned in the animal econ
omy it makes the cheaper built shelter
the most expensive, It may seem to
be economy to make the largest possi
ble show for the money, but it is far
otherwise in the end. Building paper
like the Neponset waterproof is now
cheap and easily applied. It is true
economy to use it not merely to double
walls but to treble them, leaving two
or three spaces of confined air between
walls.
Arrraugement of Pl Pens.
The model pig pen ought to have
three compartments-one for the feed
nlg trough, with plenty of clean water,
a second for dirt, where the hogs will
leave their manure, and the third
bedded with clean, dry straw or leaves,
where the hogs may make their own
beds and keep themselves and their
feeding place clean. They will fatten
as readily, sand when ready for slaugh
ter a healthy hog will be killed. The
filth in which many hogs are raised is
awful.-Luna A. Parker, in Farm and
Home.
GosLrxOS are usually thrifty and rig.
-oraous, but require hearty food until
they are old enough to be allowledq .
free range, The a l . -.... . _
arl9y Uur tk~Ibl 1 4