/3a iaa e you heard; that Sinth
Io Set a separation from hi
Srwowun-No; on what grounds?
Jonea-Cruelty. He says that she
bate bisoul in bed.-San Francisco
Her ite n est.. -
She--/don't believe you love me at
u Why, Ethel, rd die for you,
She (petulantly)-That' easy enough
say. Why don't you go and prove it?
-Harper's Bazar,
L_ Ia Swamptown.
'"Mercy on usl" cried the investor.
*'Do you have earthquakes here?"
"Be easy," replied the land boomer.
"*We run out o' quinine yesterday, an'
that's only the town marshal havin' a
chilL"--Chicago Times-Herald.
` Professional Amenities.
1 "Dr.. Killem (indignantly)--What do
g-ou think? Shrouds, the undertaker,
offered me twenty per cent. on all the
A~usiness I would put in his way.
Dr. Pillem (dryly)-You'll be a rich
rnan yet.--Puck.
Not Wasting Time Thin Summer.
" T'iggles-What do you think of this
mhew-woman movemeat?
i aggles-I think of it ast as little
ma possible.-.-.merville Journal.
\ noeteh of the Lamb.
" lar had a little lamb,
' '!°-e lamb was very tough
a tUnder the clirumtances
A little was esouch.
Cheap IExelurlons to the west.
Bountiful harvests are reported from all
sections of the west and northw-est, and an
c.xceptonally favorable opportunity for
home seekers and those desiring a change
of locatioa is offered by thll series of low
rate excursions which have been arranged
bjy the North-~ estern Line. Tilckets for
these excursions, with favorable timelimits,
rill be sold on August '9N , September 10 and
24 to points in Northern Wisconsin, Michi
gan, Northwestern Iowa, Western Minneso
ta. South Dakota., Nebraska. Colorado,
Wyoming Utn andc s large number of other
points, or ullinformatior l apply to agents
of connecting lines, or address %. B. K-rrs
.ERN, General Passenger and Ticket Agent
Chicago & North-Western r'., Chicago, IL.
No, MAt-rn, dear, we would not advise
Hou to use mice as bait for catsth.-l'hila
c h Sia ~ lecor-d.
Don't Drag A Tour Feet.
Many men do because the nerve centers,
weakened by the long-continued use of to
bacco, become so affect',l thatthey arevweak,
tired, lifeless, listless, etc. All this can be
easily overcome if the tobacco user wants to
quit and gain aInlhiood. nerve power,n and
enjoy vigorously the good things of life.
Take No-To-Bnc. Guaranteed to cure oC c
money refunded by D)ruggists every-wre.
BTcok free. '1'le St(rling lRemedy Co., New
York City or Chicago.
ns (giving him a ilower)--"Sweet as u
the givers" Ho (wishing to bevery com
rliientatl-y. indeed)-1"ol, swaeter far!"- r
i'unch. a
I wim entirely cured of hemorrhage of
lungs by Piso's Cure for Consumption.- t
LoirseA LINrlAAN, 3ethany-, Mo., Jan.. 8,'94.
Tee victorious warrior iever has to edit
the war news.--Nashvilo Ahmerican. n
It is a Fact
That Hood's Sarsaparilla has an unequalled
-ord of cures, the largest sales in the
world, and cures when all others fail.
Hood's SarsaparillaA
Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
Prominently in the public eye to-day. 6l1 k
six for 1. Be sure to get Hoon's.
Hood's Pills act harmoniously with
Sood's Sarsaparlla.
B-LOOK FO" THIS
m BEST SCHOOL SHOEUa
fr
Ss SCHOOL '
TO r
s'6 FO® eq
50o 7'4--$1.25 11 to 13-$1.75 in
8 to 10' --i.60O 1to 3 -2.00
IF YOe' CAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR nt
DEALER WRITE TO te
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
Waiter lakte & Ce. itillet,
The Lasat Maaufatur~n of
£PURE, HIH MCRADE
OCOA8 andCHOCOLATE8 o
HIGHEST AWARDS Jl
Industrial and Food it
EXPOSITIONS
*I EURsiPE AtD AU RICL
Il lllliCaution: 5·" ·r0 imt
S of he labl. mud wrr peron o ch
Is pyl'tat on ach psoha. thi
SOLO SY GROCERS EVERYWHERE.
me
Ca' blacking of asto f
TE SUN PASTS ha
POUSH for a quick ant
L after dinner shine.
applied and pol- sac
ished with a cloth. e
-orse Bros., rops. Cro nton las.. L'.8.A
I EWIS' 98 5; LYE
The atreags and puret Lye ala
madae. Unllke other Lyeitbeing i
a Ine powader and packed I n  can
with remov.bleli. , the eontents as i
are alays ready for u. will ket
make the beal perfumed Hard
Soap in 20 minutes sitAouato far
La. IS I. Ste bestfor elcensing tha
.aste pipes, disufeeoting sinks
- ~ ~ ~ ~ 0 53515wvit lm
~s~iam~- ii su
th THE FARMING WORLD,
GRANDPA'S C.IAZY Qi ilt,
she That'a what t call gtandpa's farm.
HRu.e*s led patch-that's the bara;
b re', a white one-that's the housIt
iHere's one. grary-Just like a tt4ihe;
Teait's the granaryt bid and old;
Yonder is a patOh of gold
eo at Grandpa's wheattleld, bright andyellow,.
Rippling in the sunshine mellow.
'Way up there a patch of greea
igt On the hillside steep is seeoh
a it? Stitched all round With barbed wire feltSE
That's where grandpa's woods commenle
Dark green patchos'-that's the pnets;
Strips of light between.. sometimes;
Squares of dark. rich. golden brown
That's Where grandpa's plowed the grduld.
ner. Mamma's crazy quilt is prttky;
a But somehobow it seeldA. a pity
a ours an4 hours to sit and sew
w th.a sort of thing, you know.
- hen it's done it's far too nice
To use. they sa y. at any price.
So I think that grandpa's quilt
do Is better than one made of silk
ker And satin pieces, 'cause. you sOd,
kHis is useful as can be.
the -lHarriet F. Crocker. in Union Sitnat
rich NESTS F1Oft WINTER.
Their i'~Pler Arrangement Is a Task of
Some Imnportanee.
thua It is quite an item in arranging the
poultry quarters for the winter to have
tile the nests in a place by themselves.
This place should he reasonably daPl, 1
be convenient anti cOtmfortable. 1
~Iy having the location dark the hens 1
trill go into it only to lay, and it will 1
be imuch easier to keep clean; the lay
ing hens will not be disturbed, and i
they will be much less liable to get <
n all into the habit of eating eggs. The t
d an nests should be arranged so that they 1
Inge can readily be taken down when nee
low- essary to clean out. They should be i
tged reasonably near the ground in order r
or to secure warmth and be convenient. i
and They should not be so deep as to be in- c
ichi- convenient for getting in or out. X
"_lp- Clean straw mnakes one of the very t
the; best materials with "which to line the t
ents nests, and a supply should be stored a
rrs- where it. can be kept dry, in order to c
en w have a supply whien needed during the t
winter. i
'iso it is important that the nests be kept I
ill- clean, hence good care should be taken w
to arrange so that this can be done 14
with as little labor as possible. ,
r, Warmnth is essential in order to in- t
to
mak, duce the hens to lay and also to pre- a
abe vent the cggs from getting chilled. If t
stn there is any difference the place for t
iie. the nests should be the wvar-me-t plart 5
or of the house. t
.re. The size must be determined by the b
ew number of hens to be kept. While a
boxes make about as convenient nests F
as almost anything that can be ar
ranged, these should be covered with
a board or frame of cloth in such a
of way that the fowls cannot roost over
S them. This will help materially in keep- g
'94. ing clean. Then, by taking down the
adit boxes and cleaning out, changing the
material in them every two or three
weeks, the nests can be kept clean. ly t'
t arranging to have the nests comforta
ble the liens will lay better, and dur- a
ing the winter this is always all item.
led -range Bulletin.
SHADE FOR CHICKENS.
A Shelter That Vill Ilelp the Little P
a Things In Many WVay. CI
The run of a raspberry patch is an
Ideal shade and scratching ground for s
little chicks, but on some places there PI
is hardly a tree or shrub at hand to
Fl keep off the hot midday sun from the tl
little fellows. Procure some cheap .
ith tc
eIs
Sotton clthit and stretch it a foot from .'c
the ground across supports, as sho-wn
inr the cut. Such I sheltater eh be ec
lntade any length desired. and will help pl
the cti-lcks a 'u;n'4dly.-Orange Judd is
F:'arn""*. tic
lhilpmlentt of g l ulk thuik.
A consular report tells of large tjqi- e
titles of shelled egag being sent to
England fromt Rlussla and Italy for the
use of pastry cooks, bakers, hotels and
restaurants. Trhe eggs are emptied a1
fromntheir shells into tin cans holding
one thtobsand or more. and after being
hermetically sealed are packed with
strnw into wvtiodnrtt cases, the taps, co
thlruigh twlhich the contents are drawn, cu
heing added by3- those using them. er
Great care is necessary in selecting th
eggs, as :t single had one would spoil fo
the whole lot. Lower price and say- n
5 ing of time. and grieater ease and less kr
D expen.:e and loss in handling are is
nanme'l as the advantages of this sys- Let
tern. Thus far the Russian product be
has been uniformly good, whereas the th
I Italian shlipments have so frequently Th
been spt.llhd tlhat analysis of the Rus- de
sinn supply has been orderedt to deter- ev
mine if preservatives are used. a
helllig Eggs by Sleight. th
I ntil the tiumearrives when egg.are kn
sold by weight, both the poultryinen ab
anti the consumer will be cheated. int
'J'lie consumrer who buys his eggs by kn
the dozen never pays the same price. de
lie has the advanatage to-day and loses
it to-morrow. \When the prices paid
are based on weiKht, the sales can be
as easily mtade as with potatoes. which a
are now sold by weight when sales are sor
madte wholesale, though retail pur- the
chasers often pay dearly for allowing on]
deliveries based upon bushel measures hot
that have slippery bottoms, all in till
which the articles are "artistically ar- kec
ranged," with a view of tilling the tur
measure with the fewest potatoes.- be
SFarm andti Fireside. of
t'oil (11 Injeetions for Rl.up. ne
When the fowls have taken cold num
and the omninous crackle or bad odor in qui
their breathing indicates roup, catch we,
them one by one and with a small me
syringe or sewing machine oil can in- sna
ject coal oil into nostrils, rioof of get
mouth and even a little towan the unl
thrloat. Repeat a few days later and tur
you can say "farewell to roup." One
of our subscribers, J. D). Hlenderson, A
I has followed this for eighteen months
Sand treated some two hundred fowls a
successfully.--Home, Farm and Fan- p
cier. _ _h
Inducements for Meat Proaluct.. use
It looks as though the future offered be
excellent inducements for meat prod- dqu
neacts, not only in the form of beef, but solt
also as pork, mutton and poultry. It ing
is an excellent opening for profit, and, but
as stock raising provides a home mar- wit
ket for much that is grown on the As 1
farm, there is something gained in beli
thiat respect, while more manure and but
increased fertility of the loil will r. *ug
suit ftrcm the koeping p!f oSo' bef
I'oq (N, Y*) T'imesr, F
t. taenator Tasslme It mBad Anrthing atw
Its Bind.
I have had iluitW a little experienee
with sled edttJis for corn; I ran three
last falL One caught the fodder, but
it was just as hard work to keep it
raked of the knife as to ca ich itt; nt
it was unhandy to staat the shock rPow
as the ftddtef irs cut on one side and
takeW odt at the other. Another cfit
twO rows add palled rather heavy.
The fratse is made by 2x4 stuff, and
SthA Ilook of inch boards. The back
part slopes up, carries four airnifdls
and six rows take a shook row. Each
ee-sn 4ioW`s . down two armfuls,
StI es a third behind the machine,
stands it up, spreads the butts and
ties the tops with binding twine, As
they come back, they stop so that the
of
hlie _
we 1 kANsA$ otDEi CORN CLUT ER.
3S.
It, tnaachine will not be in the wa.-, shock
the third armful, pick the others up as
ns they were laid down, and they :lon;i
ill have to be carried at all
y- The other machine (see cu l) t like
nd she best. It has bat one ktife; andc
,et cuts one row. it has two ivtl'eels on
he one side and a runner on the ether to
cy make it run straight and .steady.
c- Otherwise, it is the same as tile two
be row machine. To use it, give thr knife
er a good slant, tip the edge up sli;ohtlty
it. and keep sharp. Don't put One hand
n- on each side of the corn row and ity to
grab every stock, or they will get in
ty the eyes so one can't see, and then iile
he up, pull up. drop off, etc. But sit tell
ad ahead of the knife, put both handle
to outside the row, first one ahead anl
he then the other, bend the corn before it
is cut off, and let it fall on the kftee
pt Keep the butts off the knife, and it
!n will be easier work than with a corn
se knife, and you can cut three times as
much. I tie the saddles by taking the
n- third armful behind the ieaclhtC,
e- spreading the butts in a circle about
If three feet across, and twisting the top
at tight; then twist it down against the
-t side, and throw one of the' stalks over
to hold there. It will hold a shock up
te better than one made of standing corn,
le and is not in the way when hauling.
is Rural New Yorker.
r
h FACTS FOR FARMERS.
a WooD ashes is the best fertilizer for
grapes.
THE fall is usually the best time to
I buy sheep.
]LET hogs always be hungry euough
to squeal for their meals.
- CABBAOES cannot have too rich a soli
r- or be cultivated toe often.
a. To r:ATCet a sheep by the fleece is
cruelty; take them by the hind leg or
flank.
THE superiority of pure breeds of
1e poultry is largely due to the better
care that they receive.
S~V WEN the orchard biegins bearing it
,r should rereive an annual dressing of
e phosphoric acid and potash.
o A LITTLE nitrate of soda pr!rihlet in
e the rows and hills fd the lima beans
p f'Il hlt0stei the growth of the vines.
i~REARING off a little wool around the
teat will often prevent the loss of the
lamb from indigestion soutlsfQtifiL on
swallowing i. ldhi of wool.
DUi'"r let the weeds grow up and go
to seed where early crops have been t
removed and in the paths. If you do s
'it will be adding to your work neat t
a year.-N-N. Y. 1World:
r A itxi- fat hog in summer is a suffer- C
e er, and especially so if there is not a d
p plentiful supply of pure water. Slop v
I is not sufficient. Pure water is essen- v
tial. and a grass diet is much better 1'
than feeding grain. v
It is well to always mix a little I
chopped hay, straw or corn fodder I
with ground feed. This gives the finer t:
food proper bulk, and keeps it from h
packing in the animal's stomach. ItI
also adds variety to the ration. a
The Life of the lice Is Short.
Every year may be seen in papers of a
considerable pretension to scientific ac- a
curacy statements about various flow- f,
ers poisoning bees; the only reason for ti
the statement being that the bees are d
i found dead in considerable number be- l(
neath the tree. It does not seem to be li
known generally that the life of a bee o
is extremely short. Every bee that
leaves the hive in the spring is dead
before fall. and those which live over
the fall die soon after the spring opens.
The death of a bee is usually very sud
den; they have been known to fail
even in their flight, and to be dead in
a few seconds after reaching the b
ground. This fact about the life of n
the bee is supposed to be generally Ci
known. yet the fact that the statement "
above quoted is so often referred to in n
intelligent works shows that the l
knowledge isnot as widely spread asit
deserves to be. Ii
--- m
Fighting Weeds In the 'ieild. w
We are frequently asked how to rid al
a field of such weeds as live forever, as
sorrel, Canada thistle, etc. WVhen al
these pests are thick in the field, the tl:
only way is to plow it up, put in a us
hoed crop for a year or two, use fer- tr
tilizer to avoid weed seed in manure, w
keep clear of weeds by thorough cul- pl
ture, and when putting down to grass em
be careful to use the best seed, free
of weed seed. Pull up by the
roots any weeds that appear in the ta
new grass, and should they become of
numerous cut the grass before it is ii
quite headed out, so as to prevent the ha
weeds from reseeding. No half-way
measure is so effective, while "'quick th
and easy" methods of permanently
getting rid of pestiferous weeds are
unknown to us.-American Agricul. o
turist.
A Yew Remedy for Gapes. v
A very simple and safe remedy for ha
gapes has been suggested, which is to n.
open the beak of the chick and blow a fr
pinch of insect powder down the ic
throat. If the best insect powder be
used, such as bubach, which ought to
be procured at every drug store, no
dqubt it would prove efficacious. A k
solution may, by pouring a gill of boil- go
ing water on a tablespoonful of he
bnbach, be made and bread moistened '
with it and crammed down the throat.
As bubach is death to all insect life we fe'
believe it will destroy the gape worm,
but as we have not tried it we wouldi ap
eaggeat expei~imentMa on one chick
befare us.q Iton the otte,,-PO'P.lp v
~Q~kllrMu
SWOMAN ANDl HOIME
e BACHELOR'S TEA COZY.
ree OIe T" at Does N'ot Need to 3e Removed
but When Pourlng Ouat
p it The plaipn uistfdI jlt etretty. cozy
Ind shown in the illustrationi will be found
nt, to makeo a nice present and be a raet
LUn boon to bachelors, who are apt to dia
al't tract their housekeepers or the house
vy. hold where they may happen to be in
ad mates by keeping their. meitl. Waiting.
set Yet so nareasonable a creature is man
his; that he expects always to find histea or
ach coffee quite hot. For this purpose the
ilsj tea cozy is a real treasure, for it is well
ne, calculated to retain lhept, thfl if T hi
Lnd distinctive fettitXlk is thati it does not
As need to be femoved when pouring out;
the so that the second cup will be just ai
Lck
1 RP
tA 'itRit-y TEA CiiGv.
Lnd hot ns the first. Everyone knows that
on much heat is lost by the removal of a
to cozy even for a moment. The mate
iy- rials consist of two contrasting nel.nce-_
v" two ounces each, of double licrlin
ife sephpr -o00, 1, ii;eii roltli citheithe
13 V tery tdale sky blue or sadmon pinic looks
nd well, or else golden brown with prim
to rose yellow, keeping all cases the pale
hn color for the 1'ning and frill. Some
rile ribbon for a bow and t wiat onritid the
ll base .- the rll is cnquitedf foi- a finishb
+zthis should match the frill iri color.
with th e darkeil Rhrile. ftt join otttn
elde ca st on 3 stitches; lork one row 1
it plain. Then the rest is carried out in
ir what is sometimes known as briacho
as stitch; this is worked 1i. ihidi ti f.
,he slippingal be and taking up two, in
s every row the same. The cozy is
ut worked in four sections. two for the
op outside and two for the lining, For
he each section use up cilsc uince of weod;
er reserving Just enough to J,)in up the
up sides based fishibied. Pir this liniri
r east oil3 o stitches instead of 3i;: this I
will give it additional length sufficient
for the frill at the top. In joining up
leave a slit on each side large enough
for the handle and spout to pass
For through. as show !? ll il;thistiatlnu.
Nothoih sfinpler than this inote of -
tinaakinRg tea cozy can well be imagined. C
The finis:hed effect, thorugh plain is c
h dainty and pretty; oiiit the ihictlil s
of the wool and the close stitch em- d
ployed make it practical and useful.
Ladies' HoI e Journal. r
is HOLDING BABY'S HAND. e
"ow Many ThtoughtleRs Mothers toIna a
S htlh tittle One#. •
o{ 01i'9 mantiitt heth
/e efs tea.lize the
injuey tiheyr are 8
it doirig theit chi- t
of dren y holdihg
t'heir hand ald
oe months or two j
n to hold the hand of some grown person. t
t o litte creature i this unnwith itsural
position with a trai lion ttle heart ands- 0
aabove its head
r. cles, to say nothing of the arms, is
a dragged along the street, and as if that b
were not enough the child is obliged n
a- with its tiny feet and legs to keep up
r with the pace of the parent or nurse, c
who never realizes how many steps the "
. little feet have to take to their one. c
r Let any grown person see how long 0o
!r they could walk with their arms raised Ic
m higher than their heads without hurry
it Ing, and let therm try being dragged
along at full speed by some giant, four
times their own size. I am afraid few E:
could endure the strain for more than
a few minutes. And yet, I daily see
- mothers scolding their little children b;
f- or crying at being dragged long dis- in
ir tances in this barbarousn manner. Chil- It
e dren who can walk at all should be al
- lowed to walk alone o: holding the
e hand of some other child near their
e own size. It. is better for them in every
Lt way and will save many a crying fit
caused by overstrain of the nerves and
r muscles.
Dainty Linen for DaInty Women.
S o dainty woman will ever male her
Stablecloths and napkins by machine,
but will sew them by hand with the
Sneatest, finest stitches of which she is
. capable, finishing the ends of the hem C
w-ith care. Napkins should have the
narrowest hems possible, done with
short, even stitches, and the family in- i
itial embroidered in the corner, in
white only. Some women prefer toin
mark napkins near thile selvedge, half he
way from each hemmed end. This en- PC
i ables one to foli the napkins fancifully th
and displays the embroidery to grrcat e
advantage. In addition to the napkins b
Sthere are the little doylies which are b
Sunder finger bowls. These are ex- ti
- tremely pretty if simply scalloped in tr
white cotton around the edges. A sim- b
- ple letter in the center is sometimes
Sused.
Professlonal Gray Hair Pullers. VI
A unique occupation taken up by cer- see
tain enterprising young women in need
of a little extra mnoney is that of "gray Ca
hair pullers." The day the first gray cci
hair makes its appearance is one of sor
row to many fashionable women, and
the hair is generally plucked out, re- pi
gardless of the old saying that a dozen
will come to its funeral. Soon after
ward the gray hair puller is summoned flu
and engaged to come at regular inter
vals. She takes down her patron's
hair, combs it gently and carefully re
moves every hair which has departed on
from its original hue and pins up the
locks agaia.--N. Y. Evening World. ou
How to Get Rid of Flies.
The follow-ing plan of ridding the
kitchen and dining-room o0 flies is a
good one: Take a small stove shovel, "t1
heat it red-hot, and pour on it a few he
drops of carbolic acid, having previous
ly closed the doors and windows. In a lag
few minutes open the room and the
files will be found to have entirely dis
appeared. Only a Raint odor of tfhOe
tuPes of carbolic acid will reoiu. I,
-itc
Do or11 lot coreew and tes usmiaIp Ihit
ta, -- b~ej
A ROMiANOE OPF 'O-DAV.
-The Letes WlIek W-h Dietated to a
Typewteiit
"Miss Mansard," said the head of the
business ihucs to ti th psettr stenoni
itapheii "haie ydti wi'ttedn tholise let.
ters td delinquent debtors telling 'esi
to pay or get sued?"
"Yes, sir;" said Miss Mansard.
"And that.long Ietter to the Kansas
n City brainch house?"
S "Yo, s'i.t.
i "Well," said the head of the firm, "I
n have another letter here I'd like to get
Soff this afternoon, if you please."
The stenographer approached and
tat diri&li by the little wooden leaf
Which he drew out from his desk for
her.
S"The address;,' kaid tlp iiead of the
in house; cUliineiicing to dictate rapidly,
"is James Blroderick, Trent Falls Sta
tion, Vt. Dear Old Friend-Your let
ter is received, and I assure you it
gives me pleasure to hear of your wel
fare, I hope your family Brill con
tiitie id t.it: best of siirits; itid I shall
bertainly look forwvard withl ~ttiefao"
lion to your proposed visit here. Para
iWrapb: hii fegard to yout inqiiry as
to why I don't get married, would aaiy
that I have been too busy, but mean to
take steps to remedy the matter at
once. I am this afternoon about to
inaabi & pt;positiol of the cidd you
suggest to Miss Mary Mansard, a
charming young woman., who is em
bldked it my offi~ne had iltO is Iii iery
wiay fitted to adorn a home w!ilt
at womanly graces. Miss Mansard here
tofore has been rather distant in her
e_ conduct, but this may be due wholly to
natural reserve. Paragraph: M- stenog,
'aphei- hais iistructionis t apopelid tO
this lettecr the fact that Miss Mansard's
Sknswer ise-"
a- The head of ihe firm interrupted him
le self and turned to open a fresh batch
of business letters.
"Ytrii ihay finish that letter fXour
littjll lie stký ,1ithtiiitg'ii I irnst sots
understand that the first duty of an
rd employe is ti obey the evident wishes
, of thle employer; whether spoken or im
plied."
And Miss Mansard obediently with
drew to her typewriter. - Chicago
CARE OF THE SKIN.
is
Le Painstaking Care Is Necessary to Remover
Seemingly Trifling Troubles.
~ There are many little skin trouiiles
i which are both persistent and trouble
soiui; and vex one's very soul by ap
is pearing on tine face. A greray skin
Lt may arise from various causes, but gen- t
p erally from lack of cleanliness or de,
h bility of the skin. Only an astringent
,s has any effect upon it, and a very sim.
i. jil,; Ciftlrelyt liafitiless YYC f1ty 1,* - fl nA
f from one pint, of rosewater, half a pint 3
of vinegar and a few drops of essence
s of rose. This lotion may be applied
trit a jieci ei f uft l!ned or a Tr-r fine s
i sponge.
ilanckheads are very difficult to get
rid of, and are caused by the clogging
of the pores of the skin by dust or for- v
eign matter. Alcohol, ninety per cent.. I
applied by the means of a piece of
thamoeb skin, will give tone to the skin
hind remilove unsuspected dirt and dust,
a it the same time stimulating the small is
glands and removing, by constant use,
thq blackheads:
Tan and freckies may be removed bi ,
the use of the following lotion: Two a
drachms of powered sal ammoniac, s
four fluid drachms of eau do cologne, -
one quart of distilled water. Lemon
juice and boran x are both very efica
dcous, and are home rtiledle.,
1 Many skins" will not stand constant
washing, but need to be cleaned after
I a .dusty ride or walk by other means
than soap and water. Lait Virginal is
a delicious preparation. and can be
inade as follows: One pint of rose,
orange-flower or elder-flower water,
half an ounce of simple tincture of
benzoin. and ten drops of tincture of b
myrrh.
After being exposed to harsh or i1
chilling winds, it is a good plan upon r
retiring to rub a quantity of fresh
cream on the face, removing after five a
or ten minutes, to be applied again, fol- I
lowed by a generous puffing of rice
powder.--Housekeeper. n
PREVENTS BOILING OVER.
Excellent Household Device Patented by f,
a German Inventor. C
A neat little device has been patented a
by a German inventor, which effect
nally prevents the boiling over of any
fluid, even at an open fire, says the
F/G.9
TWE MMILK WILL NOT BOIL OVEB.
Philadelphia Record. It is a simply
constructed rim, which must tightly fit
the pot in which the milk is to be
boiled. It'pon the inside of it is another
rim in which holes are cut even dis
tances apart. This pot needs no watch
ing. and if it does boil over no harm can
be done, as the overflow returns to the
pot through the small holes provided in
the rim sufficiently cooled off to pre
vent it from boiling over any more. A
benefit of this system is that milk can
be kept boiling for a long time, and
thereby sterilized mnilk, forming nu
tritious and healthy food for babies, can
be obtained.
No Need of It.
Physician--And you have felt this
way for several days? Hi'm! Let me
see your tongue.
Patient-It's no use, doctor: notongue
can tell how I suffer.-Boston Tran
script.
Hard Lack.
Pipkln-I lost forty plunks last night
playing poker with a mind reader.
Potts-How did the others come out?
Pipkin-They didn't lose; they were
dudes.--N. Y. World.
A M3itigating CircumPtance.
Indignant Guest-This steak Is no.
only ve-y small but it is tough.
New WVaitcr--Well, if it's tough you
ought to be glad there is so little of it
-Texas Siftnlgs.
Addlted.
"It seems to me," observed Criticus,
"that Scribbler's book reads as though
he were addicted to the bottle."
"Yes," assented WVagg, "to the mucid
lage bottle."--Harper's Bazar.
Greot Showing.
"When I first took hold of this place,".
said the new proprietor of the grocery
citore on the corner, "it was doing abho
httely nothlng, and now the betsag41
has doubled."--hices, Trthg,
Ettlgimee· aa in Lu L~ smiag~owaia-L u.aG t 3LcaP au
B a Y d~-~Bki s
DRV~'l',PoIz¶
~~A*WTEEM PU.3___
Wa know a nioe, compact little bull-ter.
rfer that will insert a whole set of teeth for
f bthtlighg ttp' be glad of th$i job. Bach tooth
Wrii, anted iottid stud goobi WVe stMke this
announcement in the interest of out read'
eds; without fee or reward.
rfS its--"y ~you a stranger down
,i Tirdigetf'. Bridg5't-"N' mum; it'st
Con Callahan; sure, 01 knew hias ia tll
ould counthry !"--Puck.
Small Fry Swindlers.
Some of the meanest of these are they who
.sPel to t trade upon $nd make capital out of
the repilltittlt of thea greatest of American
tOnics, lolstetter's Storitsch Bitters by im
ittinits outward guise. Reputabl drug
gfxts. Iwever, will never foist upon you as
gatnulne spurioutl Iuit-itions of or substitute
Iof this so0ereign remedy formalarla, rheu
Satism, dyspepsia, constipation liver corm
plaint tud ~srvousness. Demand, und if the
dealer be honest, You will get the genuine
article.
.OnAtW^---"'Can it be possible that Haw
kirnls i i love with that fat girl? Why, asite
weighs 300 at siast." Hobbs-"No, I donr't
believe le's in love; he's just infaetuated."
Boston Courier.
~3allij t atarrlh Cure
Is taken internally. Vr!co ~7.,
Tnn man who says to his wife: "Give nIe
the ba~by, dear, and I will try and put it to
sleep," Is gire:tcr thea he: who taketh a cty.
-Texa~ siftings.
TEACHER--"What separateS Tlt.w Y'orb
from Brooklyn?" Johuny-"Tieo polt!i
cinog."-Puck.
Tan enemy of astt Is the enemy of nature
-Lavater.
Tun language of a deaf mute is a thing
that g6dc wvitl'out savitng.-Texas bifings.
Lova makes the world go round, '".t it
will not make the eligible young imen go
'Outd.--"rctk.
!slsr Or.oui (playiully)-i 'lit 'doer than
you think I amt." Miss Caustiqutd---"I
daubt it."- Chicago Record.
BEAcrT is truth, truth beam:t--tbat is all
ye know on earth and all ye liced to kirIwy.
-SKeats.
Fnro'w+ass to the injured does belong,
for they no'er ptti:dt w}th havo done tlo
wrong.-Butler.
"'BLAsnHRs's humor isqiuito original, "said
the i;r~:n"e'y reader. "'Yes," replied the
contemptuous crdi' "ithat's its greatest
fault."--Vashington Star.
"How no you like xmy now trolley hat?"
"Trolley hat ! It's very pretty. but why do
Iyou caIl it tlla'' "isvy. John says it's pei
fectly killing."-Blroolc ii La 14
Fan.MER GlrAxrNe -"I hear toll that your
son Lymani is plyiti' ill the college football
t'.1`ct t ' "'ur.e'r WVetrock--"Yes; hc's tioe
drawback of the teau!."'- Paif.n .
Sunc -"And do you really think that you
would be happy with rme as your wifel'
iU-"Gh. 1 aul sure; I have always becu a
lucky fellow in gaimes of chance."-Tit-Bits.
"So ow."n Mr. Brown is married at last.f"
"Yes; a furriner, i '"ard." "A forei;gnerl
No, an English lady." "'Oh, I 'card as 'ow
she was a Tartar."-Itousehold VWords.
1'Ir r NoT -Job 'uny -"Papa, I want to ask
you a tquestion." l'alua--"Well, wvhat is it,
ahy soe.!" Johullnlvn- "If thL ruler of ltussia
is czar, is his wife at. ozardii"ne-"
OMEN'S FACES
V --like flowers, fade
and wither with time;
the bloom of the rose
is only known to the
S f healthy wo:man's
cheeks. The nerv
l. enous strain caused by
the ailments and
l pains peculiar to the
_r sex, and the labor
and worry of rearing i
a family, can often
be traced by the lines in the woman's face.
Dull eyes, the sallow or wrinkled face and
those ' feelings of weakness" have their
rise in the derangements and irregularities
peculiar to women. The functional de
rangements, painful disorders, and chronic
weaknesses of women, canl be cured with
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. For the
young girl just entering womanhood, for
the mother and those about to become
mothers, and later in "the change of life,"
the " Prescription " is just what they need;
it aids nature in preparing the system for
these events. It's a medicine prescribed
for thirty years, by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief a
consulting physician to the Invalids' Hotel
and Surgical Institute, at Bulfalo,. N. Y.
I=- Clairctte I
Soap
Is not Behind
The Times.
Neither are the women *
-..! who use it. Thous
ands of thrifty house
keepers say that
Clairette Soap is an improvement on any soap
they ever used. Try it and compare results.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COFIPANY,
ST. LOUIS.
insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write for our "Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It.
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, q Nassau Street, New York.
theold reliable,
DUNCAN'S LINIMENT tested REMEDy
ioR R~Hi EUMATISM, Headache, Toothache,
Sand PAINS generally.
e. W. UNTER. CuoNv ts. AA.. says: **I have found DUNCAN'S UNIMENT to be
- best remedy for pains generally I ever saw.'
- o" For GOLI in HORSES and MULES It Is. a dead shot."*
r Ir my cook could ride a cycle
a She would snake a record neat,
h For, to judge her by her dinners,
Is bhe's a scorcher hard to beat.
S-Truth.
"I orr. endeavor to encourage FOun
w~riters." said the editor, "by accepting stuff
that is utterly navailable."But an ttha
rother expensive"" "Oh no. We pay -e
piblilcation."-Harper's Bazar.
ix popping the question he did prefer
To do it in a manner firm and steady;
SBeo did not go on his knees to her-
fFor sho was on his knees already.
-Life.
MIss oore.-"Do you itood amodel, sir?"
Old Persimnmons--"o ; I onlypatiat flowers
and fruit." Miss M.-"Welll'm a peach,
see'"-Truth.
WHAT title will Baron do Worms take?
e Viscount Chrysalis to end by becoming Le
a LDue do 1'apillon I-Punch.
Tea`s our back on borrowed trouble an4
youel ill e better prepared to face the real.
o -Texas Siftings.
Amoso the latest curiosities is a wet stone
to sharpen the water's edge.
Was was real estate worth in Sodom -
Wayland.
I KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
, rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
is-e expenditure, by more promptly
I adaptn the world's best products to
the needs of pfhyseal being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
fre~cdy Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the feral most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; ef'ectually cleansing the system.
dispelling colds, headach-es and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satifnaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
nets, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free fronm
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on everf
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitutc if offercd.
- - lta. S.tultE Yip- Et.
SIh t and hen vy plate I rt.
B s-=•LER of every ulescrptioau.
APPLICATIOND  3 CO.
so. e5 .Jrelsr, .p MEWPIIII . TEN%.
WANTED ..mWNS Cash for 0111
(ltto altulkey ý pýrlce-tl-tm, wlth dl:t, . 4 cr..lll
('Lnmps L*kti ). lk I, ilowllig. Slemnphs. b'll,.
GAYOSO HOTEL MEMPHIS
._AYOS uO,'s, IELC- TO U DA.
Best Cough Syrup. Tases Good. Use
In lby druggist
A. N. K., F 1570
ITIIEN WHITING TO ADVErlTITlleinls PI.EAnE
sats that you saw the Adverteiement I. this
paper.