ý_. _epspare blood, and they- wll
.- s.e. s; you will not benervous, but
d~, af d nd happy. To hkLa
sad to keep it pure, tako
ood's
Sarsaparilla
Meed's Pille cure all Liver Ills. 23 oents.
Poor soil
etnd exhausted fields which
were once productive can again
be made profitably fertile
tby a proper rotation of crops
and by the intelligent use of
fertilizers containing high per
centages of
Potash.
Strikingly profitable results
have been obtained by follow
ing this plan.
Our pamuph'et are not advertising circulars boom.
lg special (ferlizers, but are practical works. contain:
lag latest researchest on the subject of fertilization, and
arse !I l61 t farmers. They are sent free for
GERMAN KALI WORKS,
a Nassau St.. New York.
SYERS POULTRY YARD
AaaK YOUR elOyesrAe ezpeOisRee
A. L . D raetea yaste.As
. aHO learned. oescr.ibe
tober d haeac.5owte e sake
mi the V. Dolas Shoe and aps
Swha good shoe yoet can buy for ae.
OVER 1O0 STYLI[ AND WIDTH,.
CONGRESS. BUTTON,
A. . LA d, B LAo i E, Chade. In ll.
ASK YOUR DEALER FOR
W. L. DLASmen.
103. SHOE BE!oRDTIHE
If you pay 54 to 5i for shoes, ox
amine the W.. L. Douglas Shoe, and
scs what a good shoe you can buy for 5
OVER 100 STYLES AND WIDTHS,
CONGRESS. BUTTON,
tLan CE, made n any
hinds of the best selected
lather y illedrer work-world.
tmen. We
Sg nmake and
stell more
.$ Shoes
than anys
other
sanorecotrer in the world.
None genuine unlies name and
prl.t is stamped on the bottom.
Ask your dealer for our 55,
04.03.50, 82.50. 52.25 Shoes;
*25.0.52 and 51.75 for bops.
TAKEto UBSTIE. If your deale
c .nnot supply you, send to fac
tory, egnloslng price and 36 Cents
. ay .stre. State kinod, style
bth toecap or plain) size and
ME dth. Our Custom Dept. will fillS
.our order. Send for new llus-r
ri ited Catalogus to Box R.
DO LG OUOLAS, Brockton, Mass.
l- fTIe Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICALDISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
iscovered in one of our common
weeds a remedy that cures every
ind' Humor, from thle worst Scrofula t
downvto a common Pimple.
* Hehastried it in over eleven hundred tN
r. Cases, oi-'i never failed except in two cases
(both.t' ader humor.) He has now in his
'^s lln over two hundred certificates d
tf Its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the n
irst bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted a
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes i,
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
Ing stopped, and always disappears in aa
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will =
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
..r Another A'
Strong point
. or Irus..
CiHARTER OAK,
*P UM IM lion and z.rebnjty is t at: t
*does the workwith the small
es, at po~sibe quantity of fuel.
5I~r PBk.~e ·1 setaso,
* MO WJHLET
Ine of.
SCardui
(PU~r~ E sIe ExTRACT.-fkor INTOXICATING.)
RtSFE MALEDIUEAUSE!
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR IT.
Dthe reliable,
CAN'S LINIMENT thTESTED REMEDY
Headache, Toothache,
leLmatis m and PAINS generally.
_oaGT3~T E iBE Cc r AI .Ans misa&: "I have founad DUNICAN'S JLIEZEE
LIOOO IN iORE and MULE8 It in a " DEAD 8HOT."
- l llOllAi U O. rp letrI 1 illl f flZlal %90Nlflllla.!
eotorlous Spendthrift (to waiter at
a restaurant)=-How much do Iowe?
31 Walter-That's more than I oma
i -Texas Sitttngs.
S.Sling
eor Ceavoaleme
"1 like a book to combine amuoemea,.
with instruction."
"Yes-with the Myr;'reo in he a
pendiz."-= ';.y Ciy c t."
the ERissolassies of Matrlmeey.
1hB--I suppose you would have been
happier if you had not married me ?
He-Yea, darling, but I wouldn't
a. hav' known it.-Bay City Chat.
A sor-mw's Crown of sorrow.
"Yes, her married life was very un
happy. She suffered untold misery."
"Ah. that must indeed have been in
tolsrable."-Bay City Chat.
h oo INr FRIZes ON OATS AneD conN
n Last year we offered $200 for the big
e gest yield of oats. 209 bushels Silver
Mine Oats was the highest. This year
S we offer $200 more on oats, $100 on Sil
f ver King Barley, a barley yielding i
- 1895 116 bushels per acre, and $100 on
Golden Triumph Yellow Dent Corn, the
corn of your dreams!
What's Teosinte and Sand Vetch and
Sacaline and Lath3yrus and Ginpt
Spurry and Giant Incarnate Clover and
lots of such things? They'll make you
rich if you plant a plenty. Catalogue
S tells you!
IFr YOU xILL CUT THIIS OUT AND END
it with 10c. postage to the John A. Sal
zer Seed Co., LaCrosse, Wis., you will get
R free 10 grasses and grains, above oats,
4 barley, corn and their atalogue. Cat
alogue alone. 5c. (x)
Hal (feeling his way to a knowledge of
her accomplishments) - "Can you darn
stockings, Arabellal" She (with distant
frigidity)-"I don't expect to marry a man
who needs to wear darned stockings."
Illustrated Bits.
1How'. This t
VWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward
for any case of Catarrh that can not be
cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
... J. CRuNEY Co.l Props., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known F. J.
Cheney for the last 15 years, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to carry
out any obligations made by their firm.
WEST & TRUAx, Wholesale Druggists, To
ledo, O.
SWALDINo, KINxA & M nvaiVz, Wholesale
Druggists Toledo, Ohio.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,
acting directly upon the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price 7'c. per bot
tie. Bold by all Druggists. Testimonials
free.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
NoT AT IIoE.-"Unless lie discovers
me," she whispered, as she shrank behind
the curtains of her window, "he'll find me
out." With beating heart she listened
while the hired girl went to the door anJ
made the talk.-Detroit Tribune.
Sebastapol Was Not Impregnable,
For it was taken by assault, but a physique
built up, a constitution fortified by Hostet
ter's SItomach Litters, may bid defiance to
the assaults of malarious disease even in lo
calities where it is most prevalent and ma
lignant. Emigrants to the ague-breeding
sections of the WVest should bear this in
mind, and start with a supply. The Bitters
promptly subdues dyspepsia. rheumatic
and kidney complaints, nervousness, con
stipation and bilhbusness.
A naronT boy in a Boston school was
asked to namo six animals of the Arctic
zone. With the confidence of a college pro
fessor, he promptly answered: "Three po
lar bears and three seals."
cUFFEREItS FROM COUGHS, SORE TuROAT,
etc., should be constantly supplied with
'Brown's Bronchial Troches."
CO.SIDERATE.-Father-"-Vby did you
permit youns SMashman to kiss you in the
parlor last nights" Daughter-'LBecause 1
was afraid he'd catch cold in the hall."-1
Brooklyn Life.
PIso's Cure for Consumption has saved
me mnany a doctor's bill.--. F. HARDY,
Hopkins Place, Baltimore, Md., Dec. 2. '94.
MIss Grsn-"O, captain, were you ever
boarded by a pirate?" Capt. Storms-"Yes.
He charged me $11 a day for a hall room on
the fourth floor."-Indianapolis Journal.
More Eyes Cured.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never fails to
do this; 25e at all drug stores.
HIT makes no difference how hard he
may try, 1 donut beliebe dat a rod-nosed
man can look coldly intellectual.
PLEASA T,TWho1osome, -peedy.for coughs
is Hale's Hloney of Horehoundand Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Curc in one minute.
Dezrr -' "Vhat's in that bottle-poison l"
Doobry-"I guess there must be: there isn't
any label on it."-ltoxbury Gazette.
See that
hump?
It's the feature of '
the DELONG \.
Pat. Hook and p P
Eye. No matter IiI
how you twist Ea
and turn, it holds o
the eye in place. I
Bend two cent stomp
solts naine and ad
dress, end wve wsill Ic
niatL you IMother Goose En new clothe. a
-coneainieOg ten color plates; ten black p
and while pictures; and lot. of lively
fingles. r
RacnAsaeon & Duloge Enos., Philads.
WOMA.l AND HOME.
DRE..NOg6 WtE BUREAU.
Dalnty Trfles That Can re fld st Very
Little Rpease--How to Make a Pretty
Dresser Csshlon--4ome Noveltles in Pin
STrays and SBarnt-Math Receivers - A
It andsome soft Pillow.
. The very latest fad in bureau ar
rangement is to have everything slight
and dainty as possible. The handsome,
square, cumbrous pin-cushion so long
in vogue, is now placed on the toilet
table in company with the pretty hand
kerchief case and glove-box. But the
up-to-date cushion for the bureau is al
most small enough to be placed within
n. my lady's work basket. It is long and
narrow, with a frill of silk all around
i. t, over which is gathered another frill
of delicate lace, and the tiny bows, with
which it is adorned, are made pf the
narrowest of baby ribbon. A pretty.
ig- sample of one of these cushions was
rex
iil- .
on
he
t UlREAlU CUSIION.
ad made of pink satin, and stuffed with
DU bran or sawdust until it was tight and
ue firm as if carved out of r.cod or ivory.
Over this was a cover of thin white lawn
or bolting-cloth, with a few small rose
al- buds embroidered in pink and light
ret green. The cushion part, when stuffed,
ns measured 71,' inches in length, and not
Lt quite three inches in width. The silk
frill, which was sewed around the edge,
of was pinked in sharp points, and was
vu about 2% inches wide. The lace frill
nt was the same width, and the small bows
.o made of long, flat loops of daisy ribbon
were placed about the edges, as shown
in the drawing.
rd Another of these cushions was made
be of blue satin, with forget-me-nots on
the white cover; and still another,
j. which was made of yellow s'lk, had but
re tercups embroidered across the top.
as Some are made eight-sided, like an
q elongated octagon, and we give an il
'o lustration of one made in this style.
le The pin tray to accompany these
cushions should be Dresden china or
y, delicate celluloid, and long and narrow
s in shape. There is always something
new in burnt match receivers, but few
are so satisfactory as the diminutive
glass tumblers so long in use.
Another way of "fixing up" this use
id ful small receptacle is to make a net
ae
a- -
[I TRAY.
work of daisy ribbon by sewing it to fit
ic the glass and carrying the ends to meet
a six inches above the top, where they
are tied in a bow.
is Out of stiff, white cardboard cut a
le small circle, four inches in diameter,
and notch the edge. Cut an opening in
the center to fit the small glass, and
slip over, letting it rest upon the edges
of ribbon which form the holder. Now
gather a frill of silk and lace, similar
a to the one described, about the pin
cushion, and fasten it above the circle of
I cardboard, where it will flare out pret
tily, quite like a flower.
The fad for denim seems to outlast
d all others, chiefly because it has proved
so-useful and durable. Whole rooms are
furnished in denim--cushions, table
= covers, portieres-are made of this ma
terial, and it is even used on the floor in
place of carpet. Now that it can be pro
cured in various colors, all sorts of
pretty things are made of it.
A handsome new sofa pillow is of gen
erous dimensions, and made out of two
SOFA PILLOW.
square pieces of blue denim. The larger
piece is 28 inches square; the other is 18
inches square. The smaller piece is
placed on the center of the larger, leav
ing, of course, a margin of five inches all 1
around. It is stitched on securely along ,
three sides, and a few inches at each end
of the fourth side, leaving an opening
large enough to force an 18-inch-square
pillow within.
The margin is buttonhole-edged with
long, coarse stitches in heavy white silk, I
and forms an effective border for the I
pillow, falling loosely, and with its ir
regular scallops, somewhat like a frill. \
The small square has a design I
stamped first, and then followed with
fancy white braid, buttonhole-edged
on with heavy white silk. It is finished
about the edge with white cotton cord,
tied at each corner in bow and tassels.
The long dotted line in the illustra
tion shows the length of slit left open
for the pillow to slip into its pretty
case. - Gretchen Trievie, in Home
Queen. t
To Hake Paper Lamp Shades.
If you know just how to go to work, t
a paper lamp shade is most easily
made. The crimped paper comes in
circular lengths expressly adapted to
this use. Choose three well-assorted B
tints harmonizing with your furnish- i
ings; place the lamp before you on a
table, with its wire frame on, and slip
the paper over, drawing it together at V
the top and leaving a good heading.
Tie it loosely around the wire with a
string, in order to regulate the fulness 1
before you tighten it. Put over the
other two papers in the same way and I
then draw or bend the lowest paper
under about two inches above the edge,
pulling it out slightly; form the next i
into waves and draw the upper one into
waves above, so that it will form van
dykes all around. A well-made paper
flower of harmonizing tints ncstled
among the folds adds to the effect.
How to Reep Cut Flowers.
It is said that cut flowers will keep u
very fresh if a small pinch of nitrate p
of potash, or common saltpetre, is put fi
in the water in which they stand. The
ends of the stems should be cut otff a g
little every day to keep opep te tbggrb.
Ita porei
tHE MODEoL HUjSbiNb.
ite kti Alan Enoweth now to Blow
HBs Own Hore.
I am a model husband. My wife
couldn't lay her hands on another one
like me in a fortnight. When the baby
cries at night I get up and fix him and
put him back to sleep. We have been
r- married three years and we have the
t saweetest little baby boy in the world.
, I never cause my wife any trouble.
g When she is all tired and worn out I
t just say: "Come, now, old sweetheart,
I- go lie down, and let tne finish this job."
e We have a great number of little
I- dresses for Wendel, and I know where
n they are kept and how to get at them.
i My wife's father is a well-to-do farm
d er, and I like ray wife's mother. I
II never see any other woman who can
Ii walk a little better than my wife, or
e who looks just a little sweeter. I
y. wouldn't marry the best woman on
a earth unless I thought she filled the
bill for perrection, from my stand
point of judgment. I thought my wife
did, and she does. When she gets a bis
cuit turned over a few times between
her hands and puts it in the pan, I
know the biscuits are going to be ex
actly right. No doubt about it. We
have no drip coffee pot, but she makes
t he blessedest drip coffee you ever
b saw, and has the commonest kind of an
d old tin coffee pot. She has a majestic
bearing, too. Her feet set just exactly
a ns a perfect woman's feet set. Her
head could be carried no better if she
t tried for a hundred years.
, When I want to find out if anything
t is right or not, I just get it before her
k mind and figure on her judgment. She
hits it every time. Don't ask me how
s she does it. There is no spittoon
LI around the house. I know where the
s peg for my hat is, and every time I
take it off in the house I hang it on this
a peg. My coat has a peg, too, and there
is where my coat is found when not on
e my back. There is no club on earth
like my wife and Wendel. She is the
outside guard and the inside guard.
She is the light in the east, and the in
tellect in the west. She is my bright
and morning star. She can smell a
loose button a hundred yards, and she
has a way of noticing the little specka
on my coat lapel, as she used to before
r we were married. She loves me and
WVendel. I don't find anybody that
suits me half as well as she does, sweet
and gentle from morning to night.
~ hen I want to be cross, she won't let
me. When I get cold-hearted and the
last speck of brotherly love is oozing
out of me, just one touch of her pres
ence stops that disposition. All in all,
my wife is O. K. and I am a model hus
band.-Erastus rlokey, in House
keeper.
HEAD AND HANDS.
flow to Seep Thetu in Good Condition
All the Lear Around.
At this season of the year it is almost
impossible to keep the hands trom chap
pirg and looking red when they are in
water as frequently as it is necessary to
have them. Below is given a most ex
cellent recipe for making laureline,
which is simply and easily prepared at
home and very inexpensive.
l Two ounces of glycerine, one ounce
of alcohol, one-fourth ounce of gum
tragacanth, one-fourth to one-half
ounce of rose water or violet perfume,
one pint of water; soak the tragacanth
in the water two days, then strain and
add the other ingredients. Cut the
glycerine with the alcohol. If it should
be too thick add a little more water and
alcohol. Bottle and it is ready for use.
In very cold weather, if it is too thick
to pour easily, heat it by setting ovel
the register or in a bowl of hot water.
WVhile most people admit there is
nothing better for the scalp than a thor.
ough brushing of the hair morning and
night, many will not persist in this,
and are continually asking what will
make the hair come in when it is fast
coming out. Mlany of the best hair
dressers and barbers are recommending
rubbing pure grease in very thoroughly
every night or every other night. In
several instances this has proved very
effectual and a new growth of short and
strong fuzz all over the head has been
the result.
Many children and some of an older
growth are severely troubled with
dandruff in the scalp, which always
makes the head and hair look dirty.
This can be removed by rubbing pure
grease in every other night and in the
morning following wash thoroughly
with tar soap.-Carrie May Ashton, in
Chicago Rlecord.
ltow to Clean Costly Furs.
Ermine and sealskin are best cleaned
with soft flannel. R1ub the fur dell
cately against the grain, and when it
has been thoroughly lifted and re'
versed dip the flannel into common
flour and rub lightly any spots that
look dark or dirty. Shake the flour
well and rub with a clean, dry fl'nnel
until the flour is all removed. Sable,
chinchilla, squirrel and monkey skin
may be very nicely cleaned with hot
bran. Get a smuall quantity of bran
and heat it in the oven until it is quite
wvarm. Rub stiffly into the fur and
leave for a few minutes before shaking
to free it from the bran.
Art of Drelming a Salsd.
Every woman should learn the art of
dressing a green salad at the table. For
a salad dressed before it is to be served
loses delicacy in flavor. Mix half a ten
spoonful of salt with a quarter of a
teaspoonful of pepper. Slowly stir in
three tablespoonfuls of oil and then
beat in a tablespoonful of vinegar very
slowly and evenly until the mixture is
thickened like an emulsion.
Important to Lovers of Parrots.
Exasperated purchaser-Didn't yon
guarantee that this parrot would re*
peat every wvord he heard ?
Bird Dealer-Certainly I did.
"liut he doesn't repeat a single
word."
"-e repeats every word he hears. but
he never hears any. HIe is as deaf as j
post."--Texas Siftings.
A Ten ibsle Revenge.
Discarded lover, do not seek,
Hecause she will not be your bride,
Revenge upon her heart to wreak
By plunging into suicide.
Mark well these words: "Revenge is I
sweet,"
And here's the way to pay her back,
Go wed the girl across the street
And dress her in a seal-skin sacque.
-L. A. W. Bulletin.
GettLtg Something to Est.
"Kind sir,"' said the wayfarer, "if you
will add 25 cents to the dime I already
possess, I will go and get a meal, the
first I have had in three days."
"If you have a dime, w'hy don't you
go and get something with that?"
"Ah, sir, I require that to foe $he
~O,4 ol),tfgI~pj' 2D~ua1.
Mdada an u'bikelppi
Bottoms..
,_~eem ABassres-D ierd. os.La wProstdeeu
The swamp landa along the banks of the
Mississippi river in Arkansas, Mississippi
and Louisiana aregenerally considered very
unhealthy in contrast with the billy country
adjoining them. It is here the germs of
malaria are formed, and from which origin
ate those terrible malarial chills and fevers
which the people of the low countries dread.
In addition to these are intermittent androe
mittent fevers, dyspepsia, Indigestion and
rheumatism, all caused from malarialgerms
and the dampness of the atmosphere.
Medical science has been put to its utmost
capacity to devise some mode of treatment
by which these physical ailments can be
moderated, if not eradicated, but so far it
has failed. Nor does it seem that there can
be found any cure for these symptoms.
Such has been the general opinion until re
cently, when Dr. Williama' Pink Pills found
their way here, and came to stay. To-day
those who have used them say they would
not do without them for all the medicines
in the drug stores.
Mr. Dan. O'Sullivan, Br. In aprominent
citizen of this city. Lake Providenco, La.,
and has been identified withits interesta for
years. At present he occupies an important
position on the City Council and is also e00
retary of that body. He was once a stroneg,
robust, healthy man, full of vigor and l;
ways on the go. Within the last year, how
ever, his health has been very bad his ap
petite poor, his digestion poor, in fact, his
entire system was completely out of order.
He began to use various medicines, but to
no purpose. At length he ltecided to try
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.
In a few days the ehange for the better
could be noticed. He continued to improve
so fast that the proprietor of the Lake Prov
Idence Banner-LiDemscrat interviewed him
and asked him what be had been taking to
put him in such good shape again. His re
ply was in substance as follows :
. "My liver was all out of order my diges
tion was very bad, I felt sluggish and did
not want to do a thing but lay around the
house. My blood began to get thin, and I
felt sick all over. -concluded to try Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills, as I had heard so
much about them. After taking them a
few days I could feel that they were doing
me a good deal of good. I continued the use
of them, and in a week or so 1 felt like a
new man. They toned up any stomach, put
my blood in good condition, gave me a good
color, a good appetite, in fact, put me in
flrl-class shape again. My friends con
gratulated my return of health and I
smiled when I told them that Pink Pills did
the work'."
Mr. O'Sullivan takes every opportunity
to recommend them to others who are be
nlug likewise benefited.
Mrs. D. H. Parker, who was raised in the
city of Lake Providence,but who now resides
in Greenville, Mississilppil also uses Pink
Pills. Her husband, Mr. . H. Parker, a pop
ular traveling salesman of the Drummond
Tobacco Company, of St. Louis, says thatfor
years his wire had been suffering from dys
pepsia and indigestion, that she had to bo
very careful what she ate, and would fre
quently have severe spells from being a lit
tle imprudent in her diet. She sent for
some Pink Pills, took them and is now well
and strong, and can eat any and every thing
without being affected in the slightest man
ner. She sloud in her praises of Dr. Wil
liams' great remedy. She also suffered from
rheumatism, and that too, has left her.
These are only two cases where the Pink
Pills have done so much good. Others of a
like nature in this locality could be men
tioned, if necessary* but the experiences of
this gentleman and this lady are enough to
warrant the assertion that for restorative
qualities, and general recuperative proper
ties, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are thebest
on the market.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to give new life and rich
ness to the blood and restore shattered
nerves. They are for sale by all druggists,
or may be had by mail from Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. Y., ,or
50 cents a box, or six boxes for .5.0.
Tnse never was a truer saying than that
the man who dyes his whiskers never do
ceives anybody but himself.-Somerville
Journal.
In Olden Times
People overlooked the importance of per
manently beneflcial effects and were satis
fied with transicnt action, but now that it
is generally known that Syrup of Figs will
permanently cure habitual constipation,
well-informed people will not buy other lax
atives, which act for a time, but finally in
jure the system.
Tnn mule is a demi-Jack, and thlerefore a
demi-John, which accounts for the sailit
that is within him. -Boston Transcript.
"I TELL you what, Sharp, marrying an
heiress has its drawbacks." "Yes; but
think of the greenbacks, Bond."--Harpr's
Bazar.
Vlsrron-"Does mamma give you any
thing for being a good boy?" Tommy
"Nomo. She gives it to me when I ain't."
-Detroit Free Press.
NOT ScarnrsED.--"Hear what happened
to Davis? Held up on Broadway at two
o'clock this morning." "I saw him at one
and he looked as if he'd need something o1
that kind before long."-Puck.
A OENTLEMAN one day took his little lad
out for a walk, but the boy, from some
cause or other, got lost, and meeting a po
liceman, tearfully asked: "Piase. sir, have
you seen a man without a little boy;
'Cause, if you have, I'se that little boy 1"
Tit-Bits.
PRULDENCE is the necessary ingredient in
all the virtues, without wvhich they degen
erate into folly and excess.-Jcrehmy Col
lier.
AcanED.-Charley-"ThLcr is nothing I
admire more than a good deed." Tom
"Ncr I-if it is made out in my name."-Do.
troit Free Press.
Sne-"I have heard that you said I wea
roend of the sound of my own voice." Lie
"Well, you have yourself admitted that you
like music."-Philadclphia Record.
To axow the pains of power, we must go
to those who have it; to know its pleasures
we must go to those who aro seeking it.
The pains of power are real; its pleasures
-maginary.-Colton.
HE who, silent, loves to be with us, and
who loves us in our silence, has touched
one of the keys that ravish hearts.-La
alter.
"DoEs position affect eleel,?" asked a
medical writer. It does when the man
holds the position of night watchman.
Texas 8iftings.
"I Tronour marrying him would make a
different man of him," she sighed. "A'nd--"
lJt made an indifferent man of btm."--ln
dianapolis Jenal
Sarsaparilla Sense.
Any sarsaparilla is sarsaparilla. True. So any
tea is tea. So any flour is flour. But grades differ.
You want the best. It's so with sarsaparilla. There
are grades. You want the best. If you understood
sarsaparilla as well as you do tea and flour it
would be easy to determine. But you don't. How
should you ?
When you are going to buy a commodity
whose value you don't know, you pick out an old
established house to trade with, and trust their
experience and reputation. Do so when buying
sarsaparilla.
Ayer's Sarsaparilla has been on the market
fifty years. Your grandfather used Ayer's. It is a
reputable medicine. There are many sarsaparillas.
But only one Ayer's. IT CURES.
I ,
PluA Tobacco
AGrear Big Piecefor
10 Cents- -
Be Sure
"'is pure Cocoa, and not made by
the so-called "Dutch Process."
V'alter Baker & Co.'s Break
fast Cocoa is absolutely pure --no
chemicals. WALTER BAKER & CO., Ltd., Dorchester, Ma..
Out of sorts
S -and no wonder Think of the condition-of those
poor women who have to wash clothes and clean'
S house in the old-fashioned way. They're tired;
vexed, discouraged, out of sorts, with aching,
backs and aching hearts. They must be out
S. \ " of their wits. Vhy don't they use
.... Pearline (=:h;g) That is what every
woman who values her health and
strength is coming to. And they're
d/j/ coming to it now, faster than ever.
" _Every day. Pearline's fame gross and
. it's patrons increase in number Hundreds
Sof millions of packages have been used by
bright women who want to make washing easy de
Calrcttc
+Soap
The Times.
Neither are the women,
who use it. Thous
ands of thrifty house
keepers say that
Clairette Soap is an improvement on any soap
they ever used. Try it and compare results.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK CO/'PANY,
00. dom half the winM'
wlnmmmn hamse I ta. mreduted - -Y
wnswht It. tl bae maae broad.
be-s and aupplies lt gooasfb" las.
autsder It cam and sae turah
bettur mttcIaforl bm money he
c Ita ooar~
loomptdum.aetup.. °Ifleg
and Ma"u Ste 7 :b IMe
thems artcle that it wlt rum" gaol
h Plplallae wIt. sda mdhm
Pamys flU. bydtweU a. m tid
WE HAVE No AN TS.
s~lt
tonted. itoostreo .
reared. sty es ofN
d va.- tslfooem alaIo.s .
ELEMWAU
erdcm B udwm Us
zarnrnpat l uj.c
- A. s: .gasW7
wain warna as £UU3SP -l
-.n awS rM ow a A Ivwttumm h