of tae t a. .
o f..s ids - eae a the
bl o d aet tubeIo
. Of
u . bTthinut
of.. •, , c  o ekihtningou
,.ao r they blo tie l ot etveran
V. ait s Co., Toed 0er
TlsdsO. a
lla. This is (trov gent)-"Y the low-s
S d hundreds a stone's throw from the :
S I havwrt e to stoll what y ioods I have
Sha I don for the y ase who thrasscrow the
leads to health asidre marked con the
o-----f those who, atregnlar stages and l
avees en conveyed thitherby
S omach Bitters, anda potent keep x
a: U. r of mnature in her efforts to throw off
Stle pok of diseas on. Mit al, timney,
Srb i and bilioust my trouble nstipaton
n serousbness take their departure when i
t i:bPWant medicine is resorted to for
" Tem affeotion are like lightning; yous arsapar.
ottell where they ill strikafte tkin they havelmost
hallec-Laeordaire.
Lurks in the blood of almost everyone
scrofula can be cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla
Sparia. This is proved by the follow
Tring and hundreds of other cases r
rila has dothe season when such a me. diciney case was scrof
mosedla in its worst form. A largthis time tumhe blood
Hood's gallthered undaer my chin on
a O a e hadt
- lanced and had to keep a
Purifie poultice on it all t-- time.
:: -l 'siup whoa I hap
red 10 n'- 1.25 ' 1 to 8 - 1.7Sarsapari5. I
I YOU ANT s completely healed, YOUR
IDEALER WRITE TOi
HAMILT Hood's SarsaparillaHOE CO,
st L'Art dO La dey
True Blood Purifier
Prominently in the public eye to-day.
most-needed, because at this time the blood
is ful of- impurities.
lood's Pills thecate.nirir pnl and
e BEST SCHOOL SHOE hi
SHOERy
m5 to 7K-s1.00 11 o 133-e$e.60
HAMILTON-DROWN SHOE CO..
noDRESSMAKEpRllS
aiaoutsu. aNEYOK
~9' ~ U3U3 HIMPAER
r-* TnH BEST *
cPIcaenfr and
ERSONS·
~ sores sw ms
o~·o 4*c"
- 5FO
P MER AND IANR.
ABOUT THE BANANA. b
!bw Posalln'ess T s ea .ee dagg Pe a
It is possible that in a few year. thei
American people will be feeding on
banaina Sour, as they now do on the
Sour of the wheat, rye and mise. It b
is claimed hat the Sear will keep as
long as wheat flour, and is'as nutritious
as meat. AiM that the banana is forty
four times as productive as the potato,
and that an area which would grow e
enough' wheat to support one pan t
would produce bananas enough to sup- a
-port 183 men. -
It was the opinion of Alqxander von
Humtoldt, after estimating the eapa
bilities of the banana. that a single e
section of Central America could pro
duce enough to feed the world. The
meal or flour is made from the unripe A
banana, and the cheapness and
plentifulness of the commodity. t
when once the industry is established.
will most certainly be of interest
to the poor, for this will in turn r
lower the price of the loaf. The manu- e
facture of a banana sausage is said to
be perfectly feasible. In this case the
wipe banana is used and charged with t
condensed milk, and then put up in t
tins. Already some of the largest can
sing factories have begun to make this
a feature of their business. The
sausage is even more nutritious than t
the meal, and is so easily transporta
ble, that on a campaign it will be al
most invaluable.
It has also been learned, without a
doubt, that the banana meal can be c
used most successfully and econom
ically in manufacture of beer.
So much for the fruit of the banana.
It has lately been discovered that the t
skin of the fruit is also valuable. First i
of all, it gives a beau i fiber, from c
which a durable and fi h can be f
manufactured. The juice of the skin 1
also gives an idelible ink, and can be ]
fermented into good vinegar. In fact, ,
It rivals the cocoanut as being "the t
most useful tree to man." t
If the "everlasting imported banana" c
can be converted into bread, sausages
and beer, it will come into competition
with the products of the great and
powerful states of the.north and west,
which are able to stand the rivalry,
while at the same time it will be with
drawn from competition with the oth
er fruits of Florida by reason of the
very small area to which it can be
adapted.
There is still plenty of suitable land,
however, and the man who feels like
investing and engaging in banana cut
ture, "has money in the bank," for a
great company has already been es
tablished. and is now in working or
der, to develop the banana industry in
Florida.
Every banana raised in Florida now
finds a ready market, for it can all be
used, meat, skin, juice and fiber, and 1
the far-seeing man can sight profit
ahoad.-Cor. Florida Fruit Grower.
Do Old Men Plant Trees.
It has been said by some wise man
Emerson, I believe-that only old men
plant trees. This may be the rule
but my earliest recollections were con
nected with tree planting. My mother, I
father and maternal grand-mother I
were all ardent lovers of horticulture, 4
and I inherited this love in an increased
L degree.
While I was in attendance at Tulane 1
university, in the city of New Orleans, 4
I was struck by the high price charged 1
- for the extra grade of Louisiana soft
shell Imcans. The medium grades sold 4
on Canal street for from twenty to fifty
cents a pound, while the finest sold for
one dollar. These latter, of course, 1
i were used for seed and for ornament
'Mg ~ckes for Christmas for rich
people. It was a source of won
der to me why some one did not buy
a large amount of these extra-grade I
nuts, and plant a grove, for I knew
by experience that they would come
into bearing in nine years, and
would betr a remunerative crop at fif
teen, grc wing more valuable each year
till they become a hundred years old.
1 bought me a quantity of the best
seed, and in spite of opposition (for I
was a young man then) and ridicule,
I planted a large grove in northern
Louisiana, not far from the banks of
the Mississippi river. Ten years have
passed since then, and as I look from
my window I see the finest pecan
grove in the south, which has just come
into bearing, and which is now one of
the most valuable pieces of agricultur
) al property in the south. It contains
about a hundred acres and over a thou
sand trees. The Rural New Yorker
gave a lengthy article about this grove
last April, and has another now in
press, so I shall say nothing more
about it here. I have also large
orchards of plum, peach, apple and
pear trees, which add much to our liv
ing, and now that there is no longer
any profit in cotton growing, they
promIse to be remunerative in them
selves.- Fruit Grower.
Knowlng the 8o1.
Few farmers know the amount of
actual fertility in their land. The
writer must confess to having been
rudely awakened a few years ago to
this fact, when Sir J. B. Lawes as
serted that a very poor field on his
a farm, on which corn (wheat, oats or
barley, they grew no maize in En
gland) could not be induced to grow
I six inches high without very liberal
fertilizing, doubtless contained not
less than 2,000 pounds of nitrogen on
g each acre of it. But a little study and
consideration confirmed this state
ment, and later experience proved it.
The trouble was that the nitrogen was
inert and unavailable, locked up in in
solublform, so that the roots of the
plants could not make use of it.
It was the same with the other ele
ments of plant food, mere elements of
it, and not the food itself, and as much
unavailable as so much earth, which
contains elements of the food of plants,
is for the support of animals. Food
must be digestible or it is as useless
for the nutriment of an animal or a
plant as mere air or solid rock will
be. Thus the soil may contain a vast
Squantity of the elements-the raw ms
terial-of food for crops, and yet be as
infertile as the great African desert of
Saharao. Indeed, this barren desert is
actually filled with fertility, and blos
some as $te gardenen when it is watered
Sand in the same way there may be an
abundance or a great surplus of plant
food in a soil, and yet it may be wholly
unable to yield a crop. We have this
same experience on this continent.
where there are deserts as barren as
that of Africa, and yet when the over
o~lawiug plant foot l i is made avaIla
le b1 Swrlgation the soil Yleis enaog
amous argl**Sga Was
The year itsl sea.resarkabl.
rverasl of ezasta tads oniditios
between the souh d west. Aees, if
seinmed as we hiae the shipmgeneat m
et Western houproleets and provisions o
into the. south. on . extensive scale.
it will seem to mast people absurd to "
think of the mouth shipping hogs and w
eorn to the west. This may be done w
before the end of the present year, no
eording to Mr. W. H. Baldwin, vie
president of the Southern Railway Co. a
who believes that the failure of the is
coarn crop in the west, concurrent with el
the ezxtsordinirily bountiful crop in t
the aouth, will result in the phenome
non of the south shipping hogs to the a
west. Already purchases of corn have
been made in Alabama and elsewhere P
for shipment to Illinois and other west- P
enastates. b
An expert estimate of the cost of.
corn production in Texas, Mississippi, o
Arkansas and North Carolina places the b
overage figures at thirty cents, and at ft
the present good market prices the
profit will be large. Besides this, some f
of the planters have entered into the o
raising of cattle on a scale never before b
even contemplated. The failure of the n
pasturage in the west through the hot u
weather and the consequent decrease a
in the herds of live stock in those see- t
tions is likely to impart a great stimu.- o
luns to the stock-raising-industry in the p
south for next year, and it would not a
be astonishing-if southern beef, other
than that from Texas, might be in the a
western markets in 1895.-Farm News I
Fensdles a meek.
To establish a fock from common d
owes, secure the help of a pure-bred t
ram of any of the mutton breeds that e
have qualities suitable for your condi- i
tions. In a ram for this purpose, mut- I
ton form is demanded. He should be
heavy headed, thick necked, broad
chested, but nowhere coarse. Over
the shoulder should be full and broad.
The back should be straight and the
loin wide and thick. The ribs should
spring out strongly from the center of
the body. Such a sheep is thriftier"
than one that is Sat-sided. It is very
desirable in a mutton ram to be deep
and broad between the hind legs i
or twist, so as to furnish a
plump leg of mutton. The legs
should be short, the bone clean,
and the hair upon them fine. A ram, to
get good lambs, must have a strong ¶
constitution. The evidence of this. be- J
sides the points of form before men
tioned, are activity, a pink-tinted skin
and a sound lustrous fleece covering
the belly as thickly as the back. The
feece should be dense and even, and
made of fibers that have a good length,
fineness and strength. The best ewe for
mutton breeding is strong in frame and I
of fine quality. A ewe that has a die
tinct feminine appearance is kindest to
her lambs and makes the best breeder.
She should be close to the ground,with
straight back, well-arched ribs, and
broad loin and strong square-shaped 7
hind quarters. Uniformity in the ewes I
of a dock is desirable, for it is a profit
able quality of lambs and wethers, as
those that are uniform please the 1
butcher best.-Rural World. I
More toeek in the south.
The new south is developing new
life and vigor, and attracting immigra
tion by the thousands. King Cotton is
dethroned for mixed farming and stock
growing. The diversified farming has
always brought increased prosperity to
the south, and with the great abun
dance of cheap, rich cotton-seed meal
and the production of grain, forage
and grass, the south is destined to be
l come one of the greatest live-stock
producing countries in the world, with
grass the year round, and no winters
to provide against.
Cattle, sheep and hogs are becoming
more universal upon the southern
farms; the home demand is fast in
creasing in the growth of the southern
cities and towns, and the great manu
facturing interest extends all over the
south.
L The dairy interest, too, is fast devel
oping with the better farming, fruit
growing and gardening to supply the
northern markets. Improved horse
breeding, too, is adding to the new I
[ prosperity. Instead of buying cheap
mules from the west they are raising
t good draftand coach horses, saddle and
light-harness horses, and mules for all
uses on the plantation and in cities
1 and manufacturing centers.
I With such diversified home markets.
a stock raising is destined to become the
f leading agricultural interest In the
south as it has been for years in the
5 west.-Western Agriculturist.
r The Soathern Corn Crop.
e The corn crop in the southern states
i last year, while showing some increase
a over 1893, was far from reaching a
e satisfactory figure. In fact, official
i statistics prove that the south in 1894
- produced less corn by 592,519,000 bushels
r than in 1891, while its cotton oz'p was
7 slightly larger in 1894 than in 1891,
- the figures being 9,085,379 bales in
1891. and 9,088,000 in 181W. The
south has lost 1,026,180 in cattle, or
about 10 per cent. since 1890, though
f there has been a considerable increase
e in hogs. If the south had raised last
a year as much corn as in 1891, it would
o be better off by over 680,000,000. These
I- figures from oflieial sources point un
s mistakably to a radical mistake in
r southern agriculture. - Humboldt
S(Tenn.) Messenger.
HERE AND THERE.
t -Take care of the early-hatched
chicks. It is these that you will have
Sto depend upon for your early layers
and show birds.
-All grades of paper, from the finest
a note to the coarest variety of wrapping
paper, have been made from the stalks
e and leaves of corn.
-The grass crop of 1894 was-worth
5$100,000,000 more than the cotton crop
of that year. Grass is now king of all
l agricultural products.
h -There is an opportunity for some
'' farmer in this country to make money
d out of sweet potatoes for the early
's northern markets. The potato wanted
Sthere is a white, dry, mealy potato and
11 the earlier they are marketed the more
money there is in them.
-Yes, it is lice that causes so much
m mortality among little chicks. You
is may think they are free from thetm,
Sbut if you will sprinkle them with in
Ssect powder and then wrap .them in a
a cloth you' would be surprised to fitd
SVte licee leaving the chicks.
-y -The French government this year
is calls for 11,900,000 pounds of light
t, Kentucky tobacco (against "IZ,00,000
is pounds last year), 1,880,000 poundls of
r- heavy Kentouky (agaist 60,0
-A moeaneat t thhsmemory of Zel
gar Alena Po bpopomdby at tl .R
more , au. W _ ýeys: .Tpuime fane
city w lbea' . hw feel gsrter Intoerest'
in a memorial of uhm than Baltimoare,
where part0of hin life was pased, and
where, 'afterllfes fitful fever, h6 sleeps
well.'" s
-William E:.Gladstone continues to "
be an oniatoeros reader. Hardly le
new book of aoy importanee comesot out
in England that he is not one of its
earliest perauers. If he is espeilallyj
pleased with the -book he is very apt :m
to send a complimentary letter to the t
author. -
-Every year Worth sent to the Em t
press Eugealea large bonquet of "
Parma violets tied with a mauve rib.
bon o , which was his name em
broidered in gold. This was -in' memr
ory of her patronage at the time when
her whim could make or ruin a Paris
tradesman. a
-Senor Canovas del Castillo. at the
head of the new Spanish ministry, is o
one of the homeliest men in Europe,
being squat, paunchy, and unsym- 6
metrical, with a face that is intensely
unprepossessing. He is a reactionist
of the most pronounced kind and a a
thorough believer in the divine right n
of kings to do as they everlastingly t1
please. His wife is a very haughty L
and unpopular woman.
-Maurice Barres, one of tle bright- a
eat and least scrupulous of the newer i,
French authors, has just given up the a
management of La Cocarde. lie has ti
written some psychological novels of ti
decided merit, in which he preaches se
the study of self, a kind of end of the tf
nineteenth century version of Socrates' iu
Gnottri seaution. He plunged into a
Boulangism, as he says, partly for fun, r
and is now a radical socialist.
-Baron Max Guido von Thielman, f
who is to succeed Baron von Saurian- s
Jeltch as German ambassador at Wash- b
ington, was born in 1846. He began his c
diplomatic career in Washington, and r
since then has served in a half dozen c
capitals of Europe. He is a great
linguist, and is said to have written a n
short accountof the surrender of Sedan h
in Sancrit for his Berlin teacher. He v
has written several books of travel. t
-James Anderson, a tragedian of the
Macready school, died recently in Lon
don at the age of eighty-four. He M
joined Macready's company in 1837,
and was the- frst impersonator of many c
well-known characters-Mauprat, in
"Richlieu;" Claude Melnotte, in the a
"Lady of Lyons;" Charles Courtly, in p
"London Assurance," and Ingomar. He V
appeared as Othello at the Broadway
r theater in 1846, and during the fifties
i made several visits to this country as a
star. His last appearance was in Lon
don in 1873 as Antony in "Antony and
Cleopatra."
a -Good prices ruled at a recent sale n
I of mediaeval books in London. A Latin t
I Bible of the thirteenth century from r
v the Palatine library at Mannheim, with b
miniatures by a French and by an Ital- a
, .an artist, brought t3,450; another of d
a the same century, made in England, c
$1,300; Metelin's 49-line Bible, 1466, the d
rarest of all the Latin Bibles, $1,000. d
The Biblia Panuperum, a block book of
40 pages, representing the life and pas- a
sion of Christ, fetched $1,775; a fifteenth a
century manuscript of Ovid, maagnifi- v
cently illuminated, $3,250, and a tenth d
century Latin Psalter from the duke of a
Sussex's collection, $1,500. A "Boke of a
Divers Fruytful Ghoostly Matters," by a
William Caxton, 1490, sold for $585, and
Martin Frobisher's "A True Discourse 1
of the Late Voyages of Discoveries for a
the Finding a Passage to Cathaya by a
the Northwest, 1578, very rare, brought a
s 1310. t
HUMOROUS.
- NA New Degree of Affinity.-A.-
a "He is a relation of yours by marriage,
I believe?" B.-"Ycs, he married my
e girl."-Spassvogel.
-A Tonsorial Appellation.-"Why
did you tell me Junkins was a commer
t cial barber?" "He is-He shaves notes."
a -Detroit Free Press.
e -Higbee-"Why do you ask me for
v information if you consider me such an
p ignoramus?" Mrs. Higbee-"I merely
y wish to prove it."-Harlem Life.
-Mrs. Jackson--"Do you call this I
Ll sponge cake? Why, it is as hard as I
a stone." .Cook--"Yes, mum, that's the
way a sponge is before it is wet. Soak
I, it in your tea. "-Truth.
e -Visitor-"Why, Mabel, how you
e grow? You will soon be a woman."
a Mabel-"I hope not. Grown people
have to wait until a person is gone be
fore they can tell what they think of
her."--loston Transcript.
- -May-"I wonder why Reggie never
e married." Jack-"Ile had a love affair
Swhen quite young, and he has never
gotten over it." May-"Vho was the
Sobject of his affections?" Jack-"Him
self."-Philadelphia Life.
-"Pity a poor blind man with a
large family!" cried a wayside beggar.
"And how many children have you,
unfortunate man?" asked a lady, in
great concern. "How can I tell,
madam? I can't see 'em."-Tit-Bits.
t -Louise-"Marie had a lovely wed
d ding, but what made the bride and
m groom go up the aisle hand-in-hand?'
a Blanche-"Why, don't youknow? Her
in sleeves were so long she couldn't take
1 his arm."-Louisville Courier-Journal.
-Tjhe postmaster's boy and the pro
fessor's boy were playing together. A
question of precedence arose, and the
Sprofessor's boy exclaimed: "You ought
to let me go first! My fathers's an A.
ra M." "Huh!" replied his companion.
- 'That's nothing. My father's P. M11."
-Harper's Young People.
- -"I tell you," said Mr. Proudpaugh,
"that boy of mine is a wonder. He has
the signs of extraordinary genius
stamped all over him in display type."
"Indeed? He must be a phenomenon."
• "He is. He is only six years old and
11writes a hand like Horace Greeley's
and sings worse than Trilby."-WVash
e ington Star.
-He looked up very humbly, and
ly said he was sorry to be found in such
da place, but he could assure the court
Sthat he was never in the prisoner's box
Sbefore. "What, never?" asked the
judge, with some severity. "Look
b a-here, judge," said the culprit, "'name
a the fine, but don't spring that old 'Pin
a, afore'Joke on a fellow."-Household
- Words.
--A Roland for His Oliver.-Potts-
ad "Say, I believe Carder did me in that
last Jack-pot. 1 said 'two pair, kings
at up,' he said 'three little deuces.' threw
hi in his cards and raked in the chips. 1
00 dont believe he had 'em." Desker
of '-Well, why didn't you have both hands
O shiown down?" Potts (uneasily)-·"Why,
@_ to tell you the tr~ti iL did 't asve thle
Sfi~~- r~l~'~ic
it s eto ww t ee to
s dorg aa is: tb siha- , l re..spaag-o.
threto . 4 perhaps eobode e ever
-topped tist i4tie log tbe area 'off
the traetasr but,- iftsr osas tbaoght
and sea -4. :pvtfgtion. we .think.
we have rletl solution of a prob
lem hitherto unanswered, if indeed i
ever wero .tuadered. '
We take it to e a tenable theory at I
the'amt.e-ti t the dog beimng al ani
:msl of r aistellgrenee has naturally
the saine slantipathy to the pierei
4oud of the whistle that obtaisuamong v
the Intelligent portion of the human
And right here let eus say thiat .et
consider it a pieee of unwarranted as
snmption on the part of man to digan- b
fy his thinking powers by the high- b
sounding name of reason, while char
aeterizing the same faculty in the dog
by the deprecatory title of instinct. t
We suspect if the dog were given the ti
opportunity to state his side of the
question he might claim that he ihad p
the reason and man only the instinct. It
But let that pass. It being wholly h
-probable that the dog has a natural
and congenital abhorrence of the hu
man whistle, it is not at all unlikely tZ
that .when the exasperating blast of "1
this whistle first fell upon the out- n
raged ears of the primeval dog it
aroused a spirit of vindictiveness with
in him, and he rushed at the offender T
with murderous intent. In process of
time, h. wever, while the dog con
tinued to rush toward the man at the
sound of the latter's whistle, only 'the h
force of imitation remained, whale its o
impulse had utterly changed. Where
as at first he sought revenge, now he h
responded as to a friendly invitation. IU
But it will be olbserved that the ef
fect upon the dog's temperament is b
still pernicious. Undoubtedly it is
being whistled to so continually that t
causes the dog to be nervousand ir
ritable, and subject to distemper and $
cholera in his youth.
When he becomes older and his
nerves hardened, he still is liable to il
hydrophobia, which signifies "dread of
water." This because the man's whis- b
tie has to be wet occasionally, and the k
dog, be it understood, not only hates I
the whistle, but the element where
with it is kept in order.
We think we have now shown the n
connection between the whistle and the
dog, and the philosophy of the latter's -
aversion to the former, and why it is
prone to ruin his disposition and over
whelm his intellect.-Boston Tran
script. T
MEN'S FOOLISH CLOTHES.
They Are Mueh iMore Poorly Protected a it
the Eveniag Than Women. a.
It is all very well for men to de- h
nounce women as "foolish" for braving P
the draughts of opera house and ball- n
rooms with bare breast and shoulders, e'
but, according to the most eminent ti
medical authorities in Paris and Lon
don, it is the men who much oftener *
catch cold when wearing evening o
dress than do women in their decollete
dresses.
The truth is that extra precautioks
are taken by member of the fair sex in
order to avoid cold air in the evening
when leaving the beat of a salon. They
don fur-lined and wadded opera cloaks,
and wrap themselves up in all kinds of
soft and clinging lace scarfs, while
men act very differently indeed.
The weak point of men's dress is
that the lungs are expose at the back
almost more than in front. The dress
suit is thin, and as the majority of
men leave the coat unbuttoned, the
back is exposed to more or less draft
with every movement.
. During the day the man goes about
with thick woolen clothes, thick socks,
thick boots or shoes with spats.
At night he puts on the thinnest of
clothes, a waistcoat which is no pro
tection whatever, thin shoes, silk
socks, and sallies forth to dine, after
which, perhaps, he attends a dance or
a theater, where. when he arrives, he
begins by congratulating himself that
he is not clad as those "poor, silly
women," who go about with the upper
part of their chests bare; and he is
positively amazed when pneumonia,
a bronchitis or influenza overtakes him,
instead of prostrating all the airily
• clothed women of his acq'aintance.
N. Y. Tribune.
Tommy's Idea.
It was the day for oral examination
e and the.schoolroom was filled with vis
- itors. Miss Smart, the teacher, had
I coached her pupils faithfully and was
glad her day of glory was come at last.
r For five minutes the questions were
r answered clearly, promptly and cor
r rectly. Finally Tommy White, the
e colored boy, was called.
- "Now, Tommy," began Miss Smart,
smiling benignly, "what is an aver
"'Something you hit," was the ready
1, answer.
n The teacher was surprised, but she
I, succeeded in stuttering: "Wh-what
did you say?"
L "Why, it's something you hit."
d "Nonesense, Tommy. What gave
Syou that idea?"
1 "You, yourself."
S"I !"
i. "Yes, you. I heard you tell the mas
z. ter yesterdaythat you'd been striking
A an average, and I wondered if you were
e talking about baseball or a prize
ait Ight."-Boston Budget.
. That seared eelln*
S"Doctor," said the man who had been
ringing the door bell with spasmodic
Sviolence, "do something for me. I don't
Scare much what it is, only do it right
Saway."
,s "What's the matter? Sprained your
,, ankle?"
d "No, nothing like that."
S"Ah, I see. You've caught cold, and
- have a sudden cough."
"'No-'tisn't cold."
"Probably you've eaten something
ad that doesn't agree with you."
"h | I don't think it can be exactly that.
rt You see, it's a complication. I've been
>X reading the list of symptoms in the
e patent medicine advertilements; and I
Stell you, I never realized till this min
uo nte that I'm almost dead."-Washing
dton Star.
- "You had better not ask papa for my
at hand just now," said Birdie McGinnis
gs to Pete Amsterdam.
iw "Why not?"
I "He is in an awful bad rage He has
- Just had to pay one of my millinery
da bills."
y, "Now's the time to ask him. He will
Ibd want to shove you of on somebodl
la.,"'s4'ew BUittuge,
3:Ei~
1:
r;l-""~"C~Lit~;"r~'~:·~:I~·;r I: ItiY~
''"
i.
·li:*~ib*OLSb*%~ii~,~I' :.i' f
·f·~
-h
1~
NOTES FOR 'WOM;N.. -
Jomr uarruu thegamous sa.tels· t
nee said.that thel eminiane lovedofsoi- -
veitioa was a mconsequence of a eaklt
iIty-in brain tissue.
As saursys, womes hare show. more
taste- thsp originality. They It l
Ianraeapes and portraits bea t .,y
but rarely ahieve great pietrese- d
Tim brain. of womes is absolutely
smaller than that of nmn, but is stated
to be somewhat larger in proportion to I
the weight of the body.
A woalts with a military nose aid
prominent chin is certain to make het
mark. All female society leaders have I
had such facial peculiarities.
"Now." sam Li Hung Chang, "'let uso
teinlitefy understand the terms of the
treaty." "Certainly," replied the mikado;
"that's very simple. The terms of the treaty
s cash. -Wahirgton Star
Wirav you heard that the bI sleeves are
omoing, o ueonrebeiever it,."Y mhy lo s,
.aave' "I don't believe they can em
hough the door."-Harper's Basu.
Snu Han Han OwN Wav.-"Bsve yeo
beard from your daughter since she started
on her wedding tour is she happyt" "Very
much so. Only think, in Venice she com
menced to have her own way in everything
and eversince they left Rome shebas earried
the pnursel"-Taglichc Rundschau.
Orvrawsn.-Mrs. Midlage-"Afteryou've
been married a year or more, my dear
you'll know better than to tellyonrusban
that he owes you a lifetime of devotion."
Mrm. Younlovee-"Ad why, pray?" mrs.
Midlage-"-' .ase he'll be sure to plead
the statute of limitation."-Harlem Life.
Passrosoa (alightin3 from cab) -"What's
the charge?" Cabman-"One shilling."
Passenger-"Well, that's quite reasonable.
I knew from your fdce that you wouldn't
be extortlonate." Cabman- 'Tbankee. I
know by your face that you'd be too mean
to pay more than the legal fare without -a
lawsult."--Tit-Bits.
o80 DEVOTEDLY does the Hubbite love his
native city that when he calls to the tele
phone girl: "Give me Boston," he invari
abl adds involuntarily, "or giveme death."
-Boston Transcript.
To SaTIrsI Hs CUnlosrrlT.-"What are
you doing on the bureau, Tommie?"
"Btandin' before the lookin'-glass," said
Tommie. "Wanted to see how 1'd look ' I
was twins."-Harper's Young People.
"WuaT is this?" exclaimed the-prima don
na, as she crumpled the printed siheet, threw
it upon the floor, and stamped upon it.
"What Is the matter, my dear?" asked he
husbahd. "A brand of piano has been
placed on the market without any knowl
edge, and I have not written a testlmonial
saying it is the finest instrument I have
ever used. This is the firsttime that such a
thing has happened."-Boston Transcript.
BuwA1u of falling into the performance o'
sy religious duty simply to be well spols'.
of by men.-Ram's Horn.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
tn the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak:
enmg them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
Do You Wash?
Of Course
Do youWash QUICKLY?
Do you Wash EASILY ?
Do you Wash THOROUGHILY?
Doyou Wash CHEAPLY?
You may IPF you will use
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
The best, purest and most economical soap made
Sold everywhere. Made only. by
THE N. It. FAIRBANIt COMPANY,
St. Louis.
HAVE YOU FIVEoMORE COWS
If so fa "bahy'" Cream sepsrator will earn its cot for
You eVer Year. Why continoe Interior system an
urofltie pfe a ture of griculture. proper yonduo
iTHE DE LAVAL SEPARATOR Ouee,,a
STE DE LAVAL SEPAR ATOR CO.,
. *, . .a pr st.. . 'Yrs.D Sam
--'Why notV' Die n--"I mot Oumbl to.
A.n..ad he invitede us around et St-eomn.
e htaer o sia to 'ook in.N." .
•owse Curw r ron mdees 
mets mW. L C~bi sT.e . u o.
They have the largest Th.eShn.
olatin t world, and terlrtmplemsnts
bereied ~ n on u t e Bumbes stab
Ished 18. Ill.ustratedoatalo mailsd re.
Gkees-"The an d. slele bonnet of the
season doesn't seom to be larpsr than a
humming bird." Wasgs-"-srttrue bu
if it was built in proportion to its bill t
ought to e as large as an ostrich. "-N. Y.
Tribune.l__n__o
Piso's Cure for Oonsumptin relieves ths
most obstinate couhbs.-ltRv. D. oa
mumnzun, Lexington, Mo., Feb. 14, 'O4.
Rouurs-"Higbee is a genius." DraG
ford-'Can do an thing, I supposel" Rob
bins-.Yes, aathlngexcept maka living."
-Truth.
, TH'e trub. In a
man's stomach
bowhich makes hitn
- irritable and misera
ble and unfit for bus
iness or pleasure is
caused by imnirs.
tion. Indigestion,
like charity, covers
a multitude of sins.
The trouble may be
in stomach, liver,
bowels. Wherever it
is, it is caused by the
presence of poison.
ous, refuse matter
Which Nature has
been unable to rid
herself of, unaided.
In such cases, wise
le send down a
ittle health officer,
personified by one
of Dr. Pierce's Pleas
ant Pellets, to search
out the trouble and
remove its cause.
STOVS8 POUSH iE
cakes for ISar
ACO blacking of sstove.
TlH SUN PASTE
POIIe H for a quick
A oalter dinne r hlp ,
Ea pplied sa pat.
i ishcd with a cloth.
RMrse Bros.. Pros.. Cantn. mass.. U..A.iL
SI CEWS 98 1* LYE
The strongaet and purest L.t
made. Unlike other Lye, tbeing
a ine powder and packedin n can
with removable lid, the contents
are always ready for use. Will
make the best perfumed Hard
Soap in 20 minutes wi*Aosd boil
eng. iS Sr tke beast for leransiat
waste pipes. disinfecting sinks.
eloeets, Washing bottles, palnts
aA.. Nr.t,. I.LI , V -a
COLD IN HEAD
In we. arae to a...I
work every on.
NE posingp.Smok
-ig his thoe eat laeron
to ILRspend a fewdays. es .every e too..
In Hre hwt Pickle or &clkeWhln lid
aec. e enbr e A AK Oi MER, Newton. La.
NEEDLES Schmushs
to . pen ., af 155t
WeN WRITIN O re ADVtTIarS PLEAS!S
l.ate that 7e salw the AevesUssmos· t h IS
N s~ ee`e oml·wrhl~r o om