_ar presents
l rues to be the
iois _tiholiday goods:
. Breas`e .of the-St. Landry
" , tii Layette Saturday.
oy, from- the 4th ward,
Siy ayette on business this
Blanchet, from the 4th
Sin Lafayette Monday on
-,'Bre stock of albums at Garde- s
" i i . is such as to suit the most a
m-Liss Heloise Olivier, of Du
champ, visited friends in Lafayette
last week. p
S N .w .Citron Currants and` Al- tl
miSnds for fruit cake at Hohorst's r
fancy grocery,- c1
Dr. Felix Giraid and Baxter hi
CIegg spent a few days in New Or
leans recently. " th
Read the proceedings of the Ju
dicial convention in another column
of this paper.
The - members of the School D.
Board are requested to meet on the Ci
4th of January. Cc
A. H. Guilbeau and Judge O. P. M'
Guilbeau, of Carencro, were in La- se4
fayette Monday. de
co
Charlie Young, a popular young
gentleman from Royville, was in
Lafayette Monday. fri
cel
Moses Levy, who has been attend- As
Ing school in New Orleans, is at tum
home for the holidays. wh
Moss Bros. & Co. are closing out far,
the remainder of their holiday goods tha
at greatly reduced prices. occ
Boas Chiasson, the all-wool-and- s
a-yard-wide Democrat from Scott, "a
was in Lafayette Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. Neuville Land. y, of
Lafayette, were in town during the
week.-Breaux Bridge Valley. by
of
Cranbe'rries, Jelly, Mincemeat, Boa
Grated cocoanut and fine Bon Bors Ibei
in profusion at H. H. Hohorst's. Nev
The talented Miss Martha Mou- ley
ton, of Lafayette, is sojourning in this
our town.-St. Martin Evangeline. succ
Judge Felix Voorhies, of New chi
Iberia, was the guest of his son, hied
Edward G. Voorhies, last Sunday. as t
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over er tt
post office, are always open from well
8:30o a. m. to z:3o p. m. and 3 to 5 effor
p. m. an t
Felix Mouton, who is employed in L
by the So. Pac. Co. at Alexandria, In
is spending the holidays at his old appe
home. spec
Miss Mercedes Broussard came up cil t
from the Sacred Heart Convent, ing
Grand Coteau, Tuesday, to spend chari
the holidays at home. who
Hon. Thos. H. Lewis, Judge Per- unan
rault and Hon. E. B. Dubuisson, In
from Opelousas, spent a few hours we
in Lafayette last Monday. has I<
brave
The display of holiday goods at equal
Gardebled's consists of handsome As a
dressing cases, albums, mirrors and will 1
numerous ether pretty things. he hi
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Weinberg, of collec
,Lecompte, La., was in town this unfort
week spending Chr'stmas with their ed his
parent~ Mr. and Mrs. J. Plonsky. as an
"A woman's heart is said to be aa
bos-boen wrapped in riddles; a fool him.
stops to solve; a wise man nibbles
away." This item is published at Holid
the request of a bachelor friend.
We leard that Hon. Ambroise And
Mouton, from Lake Arthur, Ver- amply
milion parish, intends to move to of the
this town with his family in the near sometl
future. and
Our young friend, Desire Doucet, finest
who has been attending a commer- Whisks
cial college at Waco, Texas, return
ed to Lafayette last week to spend
the holidays at home. The
We:were pleased to receive a visit Cough
last Saturday from our young friend, believe
Aby fleManade, who came home wortl
tospend the holidays. Aby is at- oplearth
tendin college in New Orleans. thep
~od e Debaillon returned Mon- Beach,
day: ait: after a visit of severalledy.
dyt i -New Orleans on legal busi- lief w:
.  judge extended his trip Cough
~h.- was the guest of chard
Chamb
my coli
~s charge .'For tt
- at this. berlain'
'SJ&,lSi.ys and
··:... ·
'K--Pt·
' rg the city collec
_ _ ;: q st e Gasette to, state
Sw e at the town ball
Svejy i6y from so to ia in the
iirCsft nMorninga and from a to 4 in the af
ternoon for the -purpose of collect
sresents iag taxes. -
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Roy and
be the children and Miss Zerelda Bailey
cl.r left Wednesday morning for New
Landry Orleans. Mr. Roy and his family
turday. go to reside permanently in the
Crescent city, while Miss Bailey
ward, will remain there until after the
holidays.
The "Bond" of love and affection, c
be 4th the "Bond" of happiness and peace j
day on -the great antidote for boils and i
troubles, the pure unadulterated
Garde- should be in every household, for t
e most medicinal purposes.- Call for it. c
It is J. C. Bond Fine and Pure Old a
Du- Rye Whiskey, at Paul Demanade's. n
`ayette Rev. T. S. Randle, the estimable
pastor of the Methodist church at ti
i Al- this place, has been assigned by the it
orst's recent Conference to the Pineville re
church. The reverend gentleman V4
has made many dear friends during c'
laxter his stay in Lafayette and his de
SOr- parture. will be sorely regretted by A
them. M
e Ju Hope Lodge No. 145, F. & A. M., C
held a meeting last night and in
stalled the following officers: Charles K
chool D. Caffery, *worshipful master; Wm. J
1 the Campbell, senior warden; D. A.
Cochrane, junior warden; Dr. F. S.
) p Mudd, treasurer; Dr. F. E. Girard,
La- secretary; Jos. A. Chargois; senior
deacon; John Vigneaux, junior dea- mg
con; John Brun, tyler. we
oung Paul DeManade's numerous
s in
friends were treated to a most ex- ina
cellent dinner on Christmas day. La
end- As The Gazette had the good for- the
s at tune to be represented we know J*
whereof we speak. Some may have
out fared as well, but none fared better Mc
gods than Mr. DeManade's guests on this
occasion. If other bachelors woull lan
entertain their friends half as well Ho
dn- as Paul, single life would be indeed att<
:ott, "a thing of beauty and a joy for- sece
ever." pra
the The concert given last Monday M
by Miss Maud Boas and the pupils
of her school, assisted by Mrs.
eat, Boas and Prof. O'Reilly of New
ors Iberia, Miss Celina Grossman of cor
New Orleans, and M1ss Zerelda Bai- of
o- ley and Mr. VanderCruyssen of for
in this city, was, to say the least, a
ne. success. Miss Boas deserves much grat
credit for the excellent manner in of t
few which the entire program w.as car
on, ried out. The attendance was such grea
ay. as to show to the painstaking teach- upoT
ver er that the patrons of the sctiool, as
om well as its friends, appreciate her wror
5 efforts toward the establishment of pers,
an up-to-date, progressive school
'ed in Lafayette. the
ever,
ia, In another column of this paper and
)ld appears the proceedings of the denc
special meeting of the City Coui- moc,
up cil held for the purpose of tak- fayet
at, ing action in the matter of the Mi
nd charges against ex-Marshal Veazey, the
who has been removed by a energ
,r- unanimous vote of the Council. name
n, In justice to Mr. Veazey, Lafa'
irs we must say that the town inatic
has lost the services of a dutiful and same
brave officer, in many respects him
at equal to the best it has ever had. could
se As a collector his administration recor
td will bear the closest investigation; by a t
he has accounted for every cent endea
fcollected by him. Aside from the his d
is unfortunate occurrence which caus- shouli
ir ed his removal we believe his record wishe
Sas an officer has been satisfactory would
and will compare favorably with his tas
a that of any one who has preceded On
him. comm
t Holidays ! Holidays ! HolidaysI Frot
They are Comingl r
And Paul Demanade is fully and r
amply prepared to satisfy the taste
of the most fastidious in the line of Adam
0 something-elegant, such as Imported On
and Domestic Wines, Brandies, ourne
Gins and Liquo s of all kinds-the
finest of pure old Rye and Bourbon One
- Whiskies and malt beverages, com- pair of
prising the best beer, ale and porter. as car
The popularity of Chamberlain's leave
Cough Remedy and the high es- diamo
teem in which it is held leads us to get an
believe it to be an aiticle of great If we c
worth and merit. We have the we wor
pleasure of giving the experience of
three prominent citizens of Redondo Th
Beach, Cal., in the use of the rem
edy. Mr. A. V. Trudell ssys: ' tory is
have always received prompt re- tor Fre
lief when I used Chamberlain's work ol
Cough rRemedy." r. James Or- the mar
chard says: '"I a satisfied that every'el
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cured er
my cold." Mr. J. M. Hatcher says: pletion
*"For three years I have used Chamin- 1s assure
berlain's Cough Remedy in mni fam- ple of
I,g and its results have always been they m
stisfactory. war se
K:. g, -Yfear cards and 0Uo- DviDS'
- B & CQ·S.. JpurPOu~
eo "c- Judiclal Corventiloa.
to, state Pursuant to the call of the judicial
'a bal committee the district convention
in the was called to order at the c-urt
the af- house in Lafayette by Dr. R. J.
collect- Young, of Vermilion.
Temporaly organization was ef
fected by calling Dr. J. F. Abshire
oy and to preside and Claude Latiolais to
Baley act as secretary.
r New The following gentlemen were
appointed a committee- on creden
tials: Dr. R. J. Young, Mr. J. O.
Bailey Broussard, Henry Du~rke and Dr.
r the Lyons.
The committe retired in order to
ection, examine the credentials of the dele
peace gates and the convention took a
Is and recess whilst awaiting their report.
sted- The committee having announced
Id. for that they were ready to report, the
'or it. chairman called the convention, to
.e Old order and the following report was
ade's. made:
unable LAFAYETTE, La., Dec. 21;'95.
We. your committee on creden
tials, beg leave to report the follow
r) the ing duly elected delegates to the
eville regular Democratic Judicial Con- k
eman vention ot the .17th Judicial District, n
luring composed of the parishes of La- d
is de- fayette ond Vermilion:
Lafavette.- Dr. M. L. Lyons,
ed by Aurelien Olivier, Henry Durke, A.
M. Martin, Simeon Begnaud, J. O. o
Broussard, John Whittington, Jr., h
M Claude Latiolais. it
d in- Vermilion.- A. Toups, W. W.
arles Keughling, T. D. Lege, A. Picard,
Wm. J. F. Abshire, Gus Hebert, Adam c'
A. Boudreau, R. J. Young.
F. . [Signed] M. L. LYONS,
Chairman.
rard, R J. YOUNG, Secretary. re
snior The temporary organization was de
dea- made permanent and nominations th
were declared in order. Al
!rous Mr. W. W. Keughling put in nom- he
ex- ination the Hon. Julian Mouton, of an
day. Lafayette, for district judge, and ha
for- the motion was seconded by Dr. R. let
now J. Young. va
save On motion the nomination of Mr.
tter Mouton was made by acclamation. To
this Dr. R. J. Young, in well chosen
ull language, put in nomination the A
well Hon. Minos T. Gordy for district ne,
leed attorney, and the nomination was Jar
for- seconded in well deserved words of int,
praise and confidence by Mr. A. M. is
Martin. req
day gat
Mr. Gordy's nomination was also Sot
made by acclamation. hav
rs Mr. Julian Mouton, being es- far
corted to the floor by a committee alo
of of three, thanked the convention
of for the honor conferred upon him,
and stated that although he felt
a gratified to be the standard-bearer
in of tie Judicial Democracy vet it R
was not without a keen sense of the
h great responsibility that was :hrust
upon his shoulders that he accepted. of 1
The discrimination of right and ing
wrong and the upright adjustment of rece
of personal differences that every judge Mlot
is called upon to settle are duties oif Roy
the greatest consideration. How- is w
ever, he aspired to the nomination, beer
er and having received it, the confi- Broi
he dence reposed in him by the De- e i
r- mocracy of Vermilion and La- of I
k- fayette would not be betrayed. conf
*e Mr. Minos T. Gordy standing on had
y, the same floor, where his untiring hins
a energy has enabled him to make his and
ii. name a terror to all crir.inals in drun
y, Lafayette parish, accepted the nom- Cres
,n ination as district attorney with the ing,
d same motives that had prompted deali
ts him in the past. No guarantee the v
I. could he offer but that of his past ness,
,n record as district attorney. Guided cord
; by a sense of justice and equity he fishir
it endeavored in the past to discharge genet
e his duties as best he could, and all k
- should he be re-elected he only the c
I wished that his six years' experience divil
y would better enable him to perform each.
h his task. the R
d On motion the following judicial of mc
committee was appointed for the
nextfour years: An 0
From Lafayette-Aurelien Olivier,
Henry Durke, A. M. Martin. tl
From Vermilion-Dr. D.J. Young, kindly
SAdam Boudreaux, Dr. J. F. Abshire. your p
On motion the convention ad- votes
journed. friend,
journed.
C. F. LATIOLAIS, Secretary. Sote
he has )
One button put on wrong on al beg f
pair of pants makes the whole work of my h
bad. The BUCKSKIN BREECHES are such gl
as carefully inspected before they apmpon
leave the factory as if they were readym
diamonds. If you find one little and thai
fault in them take them back and reress
Iget another pair, or your mnioney. Caren
If we can't sell the best pants made Inst
we won't sell any. Ind
The Ice Factory. votes.
The lumber to build the ice fac- electio
tory is on the grounds and Contrac- pe
tor Fred Mouton will soon begin the reetnes
work of construction. Mr. MIcGill, ing to
the manager of the factory, will lend happen
every'energy toward the early com- of the
pletion of the plant, whose erection ve,
is assured in time to furnish the peo
ple of thi section with all the ice For
they might need during the next horst's.
warm seaso . in town
DAvis' WiO~V~gaay AND TAX will ca Swiss,
-s - - ·~"L K.-'-it
L Comluuncatedj
judicial , Neerological.
ivention There died in the city of Houston,
Scurt- Texas, on the 13th of December, one
R. J. whose.many qualities, christian vir
tues, lofty conception of duty and
was ef- devotion thereto will be long remem
bbshire ered by an aged father and mother,
olais to a bereaved husband and four little
children. Death is at all times
Swere cruel, but when it takes away one
reden- who has just begun to live and
J. O. One whose life is so necessary to the
id Dr. happiness of others, the blow seems
doubly sad and the mind finds re
rder to lief in the fact that there is a realm
e dele- where the rainbow never fades, and c
where the good dwell after death.
report. On the day and in the city.men- d
aunced tioned above Alice Delhomme, be
rt, the loved wife of H. P. Alfo:d, breathed e
on to her-last, and
"'Then fell upon the house a sudden gloom, h
rt was A shadow on those features fair and thin,
And softly from that hushed and darkened si
room, 5a
S Two angels issued where but one went in." a
reden- Thus ended the life of a true
oll-ow- 01
o the christian woman, one whose charity sW
Con- knew no bound and whose heart i'
strict, never failed to respond to the call of ný
f La- duty. She died, as she had lived, V
among those she had loved best.
eyons, Her death has made a void in a
:e, A.
J O. once happy home and those who
Jr., have felt a mother's love know that F'
it can never be filled; it has inflicted
W. a wound that even the handof Time J'
card,
edam can not heal * dis
The Agricultural Convention. D
Mr. R. C. Greig, the efficient sec- w,
retary of the Police Jury, has been
was doing his best to make a success of d
tions the next annual session of the State sta
Agridultural Society, which will be lar
som- held in this town on the 2znd, 23rd
a, of and 24th of January. Mr. Greig
and has addressed the following circular has
R. letter to the Police Juries of the tcih
various parishes in the State:
wis,
Mr. LAFAYETTE, La., Dec. 2r,'95. sub
ion. To the Hon. President and Members Police wel
sen Jury:
the Dear Sirs:-The Louisiana State and
Agricultural Society will convene its der
trict next annual session at Lafayette han
was Januay 22, 23 and 24 prox. A most
s of interesting and profitable meeting
M. is anticipated and you are earnestly
requested to send one or more dele
gates to represent your gparish. The
Iso Southern Pacific and Texas Pacific
have both agreed to sell tickets one
es- fare for round trip from all poiuts
ttee along their lines. Ri
All delegates will receive cordial Pars
attention and hearty welcome. wic
im, Respectfully, hr
felt R. C. LANDR', pray
trer President P =lice Jury. that
it R. C. GREIc, Secretary.
the A New Firm.
ust \We have received a marked copy Re
ed. of The New Orleans States contain- On
nd inr the charter of the corporation or
of recently formed and styled the ".Roy- ter l:
ige ouras Company, Limited." Mir. other
of Roy, the senior member of the firm chara
W'- is well-known iir this parish having te,
)n, been in business at Royville and ones
i- Broussard for a number of years. chars
)e- ITe is a man of fine business ability, die, b
a- of known probity and enjoys the inthe
confidence of all with whom he has Res
on had dealings. He has associated Orla
ng himself with Messrs. A. Gamnard
is and L. J. Mouras, the well-known
in drummers, and will carry on in the
- Crescent city the business of "buy
he ing, selling, manufacturing of and On
ed dealing in any and all articles used in J- J"
ee the willow and wooden ware busi- th
ness, glass and tin ware, paper Miss
td cordage, twine, wicks, fireworks, leans,
`e fishing tackles, seins, boats, and home
le general house furnishing goods of sight
d all kinds." The capital stock of tone
Y the corporation is fixed at $30,000 those
e divided into 300 shares of $xoo Wm.
m each. The Gazette bespeaks for Morg
the Roy-Mouras Company a career 'rahe
I of much prosperity. siar
An Open Letter front the ltepr- e
sentative of the tth WVard la a
the Parochial Legislature. lane
My Dear Young Friend:V-Would you Archic
Skindly correct the gross error committed in Iirar
your published tabulated report in which I ira
am credited with having received twenty-one lan, J
votes in this whole ward? Why, my dear 'T. S.
friend, I voted personally that number in the L. I.
Simoneaux box, while mny brother assures nme
he voted for rte, and as he was reared by nme,
he has learned to vote as often as I do. If ,Vhe
SI beg for this correction it Is not on account your cc
of mny home folks, as they know better, bIut CIIu:RY
such glarilng exhibition of untpopularity at ha don
home might affect my future aspirations for best ren
appointmrents abroad later. Hoping you al- enza, Co
Sready realize the harm you have inflicted, \Wh,,opi
and that you will readily grant the requested testify.
redress, I remain as ever, friendly yours, for LDAv
C. C. Baow..
Carencro, La., Dcc. 23, 1395.
Instead of zr votes our popular Iwil
friend of the 6th ward received 27z m., and:
votes. The returns of the primary tion.
election were *'set up" by an ex
perienced compositor and their cor- An Ac:
rectness was ascertained before go- I
ing to press, but, as at sometimes
happen, the figure "7" dropped out In half
of the total number of Mr. Brown's AL8C
vote, leaving h;m only "2 r." S Postp:
For the best cheese go to H. I-o
horst's. HIe has the largest variety A dwel
in town, consisting of Cream, Brick, other ian
Swiss, Munster, Neupchatel, Lim- town of
burg and Roquefort. to
Speelal Meeting.
LAAirYrTT, La., Dec. IS, 1895.
ouston, The City Council met this a. m. In special
er, one session with the following members present:
Mayor A. J. - Moss, Messrs. J. O. LeBlanc,
an- vir- Jos. Ducote, T. M. Biossat, O. C. Mouton,
ity and Dr. J. D. Trahan and B. Falk. Absent:
None.
remem- The mayor stated that Council convened
nother, for the purpose of receiving the report of the
Police Board in the matter of complaint of
r little Wm. Graser against Constable D. J Veazey
times and to take action thereon.
Moved by O. C: Mouton, seconded by
ay one Leo Doucet, that the Council go into execu
e and tixe session.
After hearing the evidence pro and con .
to the the following resolutions were adopted:
seems Resolved by the City Council that whereas
charges of gross misconduct have been pre
ids re- ferred against D. J. -Veazey constable and i
realm ex-officio collector of the town of Lafayette,
before the Police Board appointed by the
s, and "City Council under its by-laws and regula
ath. tions to examine into cases of this nature.
And whereas said l3uard has taken evi
'wmen- dence on said charges pro and con, which
we, be- was submitted to this Council in session as
sembled and whereas after reading of said
tathed evidence by the secretary to said Council in
executive session, D. J. Veazey was called
in and all the evidence against him, read to
gloom, him.
I . thin, And whereas, after hearing same read he
Irkened submitted his case to said Council and sub
sequently approved and argued his case and
nt in." submitted same for action.
true And whereas, it is the unanimous opinion
of the Council in session assembled, that
barity said 1). J. Veazey constable aforesaid, is
heart guilty of gross misconduct committed Wed
nesday, Dec. II, 1S95.
:all of Therefore be it resolved that said D. J.
lived, Veazey be removed for cause.
The votes stood as follows:
best. Yeas: Dr. J. D. Trahan, B. Falk. 0. C.
in a Mouton, T. M. Biossat, Jos. Ducote, L.eo
Doucet and J. O. LeBlanc. Nays: None.
Who Mr. Bourg was then nominutd for con
that stable by T. M. Biossat, seconded by B.
Falk. Yeas unanimous.
icted Moved by O. C. Mouton, seconded by
Time Jos. Ducote, that Mr. Veazey be informed
in writing by the secretary, that he is hereby
discharged from office.
Moved by D)r. Trahan, secorded by Jos.
) Ducote, that Finance Committee be instruct
ed to make an immediate settlement with
sec- Mr. D. J. Veazey. Carried.
been Moved by Dr. Trahan, seconded by Jos.
Ducote, that financial committee be instruct
ss of ed to accept the bond furnished by the con
State stable.
The Council then adjourned to next regu
Sbe lar meeting. BAXTER CLEGG, Secretary.
23rd Resolutions.
'eig Whereas, God in His all-wise providence,
:ular has removed from our Sunday school and
church one of our beloved teachers and ac
the tive members, Mrs. Althea Riggs,
Resolved, That although we miss her
wise counsel and genial smile, we bow with
5. submission, knowing He doeth all things
'olice well; and,
That we tender our heartfelt sympathies
to hier husband (our beloved superintendent)
tate and her loved ones, pointing them "up yon
e its der where she now dwells, with becknoing
ette hands."
30lt MRS. BERAUD,
MR. W. ToRIAN,
ing MIss IDA IHOPKINS,
stly MIss NANNIE RANDLE,
ele- Sunday Scho ,l Committee.
the MRS. GIRARD,
ific MRS. TORIAN,
BRo. WVEn,
one MRS. T. B. HOPKINS, {
luts Church Committee.
Resolved, That we the members of the
ial Parsonage and IIome Mission Society, of a
which she was president, want to tender our
heartfelt sympathies to her bereaved hus
band, relatives and members of this society,
praying God to let her mantle fall on us and
that we may follow her example.
Mas. I) EMANADE, F O
Maas. MOIRGAN,
Miss SAMIERSO', DI
Committee from P. & ii. M. S.
PY Resolved, That we, the members of the
in- Woman's Foreign Missionary Society, deep
ly deplore the less to our church and Mis- ý
011 sionary Society of the efficient treasurer, Sis
ty- ter Riggs, for her gentle, kindly manners, her
discretion, her ready charity, and many
Ir. other Christian virtues, making up a saintly
run character which always influenced for good
those who came into her presence.
ng Resolved, That we offer to her loved
ad ones our tenderest sympathies in this sad
hour of bereavement, assuring them her
rs. character was such her inliuence will never
:y, die, but shine more and more as the days go
by and that we hope to meet her, with them,
he in the Sweet By and By.
as Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to our town papers and to the New
ed Orleans Christian Advocate for publication.
rd SISTER RANDLE, Con
MRS. SINGLETON, convia
Vn MRs. DAVIDSON,
Ie Miss VIOLA KELLY,
V. F. M. Committee. SCH
y
id On Christmas eve Mr. and Mrs.
in J. J. Davidson entertained a number L.
of their friends with a Salmagundi
party given in honor of their guest,
er Miss Roberta Kennedy, of New Or- RA
s, leans. The nandsome Davidson
d home presented a most charming
, sight and the elegance of the cos
tumes of the young ladies lent adii- 2C
tional zest to the occasion. Among And wi
o those present were: lMesdmernes
o \Vm. Kelly, Darling, Hopkins, DIAMOI
r MIorgan, Misses Stella and Itaydee ea
r Trahan, Nellie anti Zerelda Bailey, NEAR
Mary MIcFaddin, Eliza, Ida and Su
ste Hopkins, Lea Gladu, Roberta
Kennedy, Maamnie and Maria Bag
nal, Jennie Torian, LulIt Kelly, Drs.
Hopkins, Trahan, G;irard, Dl)elaney, Leon
Raney, Messrs. l)arling, Alex and Bc
lI Archie Morgan, Baxter Clegg, Crow,
I Girard, Orrio Hopkins, P. 1. Tor
lan, Jack Nickerson, Leo Judtice,
'1'. S. Fole, Jamnes l)avidlson. John By vi
L. Kennedy and John Givens. onora
Sfayette
When you are in -doubt what to do for taken ir
your cough or Cold take DAVIs' WILt) lst and
CIIERRY ANt) T"AR. It will cure yau. as it vlle, fot
hais done thousands of others. It is the SaI
best rcmedy for Asthma, Bronchitis, Influ- the follo
enza, Consunmpion in its early stage, Croup, Sever
I\Vioping Cough, as the sales of tifty years clothing
testify. 5oc. and $i.oo per brttle. Ask iare,
for DAVIS' \VLIt) CHERRY ANt) T'AR. j hatdlesI
a lot of
Notice I chair nl
I will be at the city hall from to to I2 a. Other art
m., and from 2 to 4 p. m. every dlay for the
Spurpose of collecting taxes due tht corpora- Dec. 14,
tion. 1). J. VE.Az-v,
i Constable and Col!etor.
An Acceptable Christnas Prssent.
HUYILER'S CANDIES! Attenti
(Unexcelled)
In half mnnce and two pounl botxesc at So
cents per pound. Sold only by
ALBERT ESTOPGE, NEW IBERIA, LA. A chat,
SI Postpaid. I Send in your orders be:ore BEAUSE
tlre rush. on the bha
iotn. Al
For Sale. with TV
A dwelling.house with store-building, and Excellent
other imnprovements, on Main street in the tion of tS
town of Carencro, Ltfayette parish. Apply mile from
to- Maa Etyl-ENIrs. ABAnDIE frost S
Carendiqo, La. .
,lTHE FIRST NATIOIAL BAN[ OF I.AF
CAPITAL $50,00.000
CROW CIRARD, President. . t. PARIERSON, ,pi.r.
f J. . PARKERSON, Vice President, F. V. MOUTON, Aeseitant. .Nn.v
----IRECTORS.A
CROW OIRARD, J. S. WITTvfNlr'A P. B".. OY
SC. C. BR N., A. J. AOSS, J. C. PdFRK.ERSo01f,
1ALIZD JIUD.R, F. DA',"4AD, N. P. MOSS. -
Being Always Anxious
TO PLEASE THE LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton.:
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVAºTED hER STOCK OF
MILLIINN RYt
And is Now Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery Goods.
O. C. *e
LIeo
Non:e. NEW YEAR'S
r con
by]b GREETJNG'
ed b -..
tereby
Sjos.er As the year.of 1895
truct- is nearing its end and
with
J will soon be numbered
Jtruct- wifh the past, I wish to
con
thank my many custom
regu
Sry. ers for their liberal pa
tronage during this year.
ence,
Sand I will everstriveto please
d ac
her you in the smallest de- t
with tail, by keeping standard
bings I
goods and selling at rea- 9
lent) sonable prices, thereby..
yon
soing soliciting your confi- 9
dence and patronage for
the fast approaching I
te. year of 1896. May it i
Sbe a Happy New Year ci
to each and every one of
the you is the earnest wish i
of of Your deweler, o'
hus
and T. M. BIOSSniT. R
S DONT' FORGET TO BUY r
............ YOUR....... . tn
er Christmas Goods °Y
--AT THE- I
ved RACKET STORE /I so'
sad - brcp
her --5'
r We have just received from New York nor
C1, A BEAUTIFUL LOT OF TOYS 5
Which we will sell at Battom Figures!
Come and see them and then you will be ma
convinced that they are the cheapest in
town. Don't forget to come to ti
SCHIMTULEN'S RACKET STORIE.
L. W. MERCHANT,
adow
...... Tit F. ...... w
n RAILROAD JEWELER
hn 11
Will be at Lafayette on the
- 20th of DECEMBER, h5L
ig And will remain five days with a full line of dicat
s goods, such as to
DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND JEWELRY. A,^
-e Ieadquarters at P. I)eManade's Store,,
NEAR - THE - SOUTHERN - PACIFIC - DEPOT. TI
Sthe l
a Saie.
Sheriff's Sale. birds
- La.,
Leon Querouze & Co., Ltd., vs. D. fu
I Bonnemaison-l 7th Judicial point
District Court-Lafa- Sr
yette parish, La. ber
-- Sic
By virtue of a writ of fifa issued by the ber o
HonoraLle the 17th Judicial D)istrict (.ourt la
holding sessions in and for the parish of La- by P'
fayette and to me directed I have seized and
r taken in my possession and will sell to the Iarg,
last and highest bidder in the town of Roy- Snall]
t vle, for cash, on Owl
Saturday, Dec. 28, 189&5, Mink
the following descr.bed property, to-wit: liku
Several show-cases, lots of drygoods, iels,
clothing, notions, shoes, hats. caps crockery,
tinware, glassware. sad]dlcr}, brooms, -ix g.e. r
handles; a large oil can; a l:t of mnedicines: o Il
a lot of groceries; cake hoxss; an iron safe;
chair and desk; a scale; and nuiterous
other articles.
ISAAC A. 11RO1 SSA.P. , 1 i,
Dec. 14, 1895. Siheritf of Lafavette parish. stans
posit
FOR SALE !
Attention Isnone Seekers and Al
are ret
Itc'rstors* setlen
counts
A chance of your life time to secure an tion.
ideal home nod pronitah-le f rmi. Also the[
SBEAUSEJOUR bprings and Park situated The
on the banks of the beautiful Bayou Vermail- CHERP
ion. A large commodious country residence coantri
with TWO HUNDRED ARPENFS of found
Excellentland. Soil very best for cultiva- Brouc
tion of Sugar hne, corn, cotton, etc. One you iha
mile from the 'own of Lafayette; half mile it aft
from Star Relery. A at storef d. ia1st
··rD~ iMcp-~iX
Tableau.
; State of Louisiana, Parish of Lafa.
yette, 17th Judicial District
T Court-Succession
" No. 2054.
Whereas W. L'. Bailey, of the parish of
,5 Lafayette, administrator of the succession
of Thomas Clewes, deceased, has filed it
id said court a final account and tableau of
said succession, with a petition praying that
:d the same be advertis d according to law and
then duly homologated.
;O And, whereas, the prayer of said admin
istrator has been granted by an order of
said court dated Dcc. 5, 1895.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given to
5- all parties interested to file their opposition
and show cause, if any they have, in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau
e should not he homologated.
Given under my official signature in the
- town of Lafayette, this Dec. 5, 1895
W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court.
+ Demand of Administration.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Lafae
yette-I7th Judicial District
Court.
r Whereas Albert La3b= of the Parish of La.
fayette has filed in said court a petition to
be appointed Administrator of the Succes
sion of Sidney B. Lane, deceased.- Any
person intending to make any opposition to
said appointment, will file the same in said
court within ten days from puolication of
this notice, otherwise said appointment will
F "' be made.
Given under my ofikial seal and signature
in the town of Lafavett, , La., this 26th day
of December A. DI. 'I)5.
No W. 3. BiAIILL i, Clerk of Court,
Reasons Why You Should Locate
In Southwest Louisiana.
S st. it's healthy; not suiject to epidemics; has the
loSesT death iate i. the esleS (8 to, Itooo more old
pyepleto population than elsewhere; nine tenths
Fopulation white: northern opeople almost invariably
gaint increased rigor, reeo.Jr from catarrh, are re
tlieved ot kdney diseases., hey arreout of doorm
more. It helps rheumalti's and strengthens the
lungs A radical change like this will add te n pets
o mthe average life.
ad. Good rainfall. evecty distributed, 55 to 6a
inches ansually.
3d. The evencst, the beret climate n the United
States.
tth. Prairie and timber in best proportion, Good
clty soil with hard pan sub s. Good water to to
Sao teet through clay. No .onnes. stumps, roots or
other obftructions. Well r -ered with an excellent
S Tesod o wild grasses of mediu. quality which can he
re placed with 3ncrmudaor Lohpedesa (japan clover).
best grasses known.
5th. Crops are more valuable here Louisianad
grows on an average. by clntts, Sao per acre to he
northerl Sltatcs 8. Sti.tc c-aule yields so tons per
acre. each ton as valuable a uild hay North yield
tng only,:; tons a-rruce. Rice is crown on new
sod bcfore rottinsg and y:ed o barlres per acre,
valued at $3 a batrrl. gives an incone of 3o an
acre and ct.s $.;o tto gov it. Such land canbe
bogout at o 5 to mso an acr; imnproved, Sto to fao per
pacre.
6ah. "The nearer the golf the healthier the n i
be mat- and earlier the season.
in 7th. All hardy vcsetal :le.. r.ich as radishes, tur
8th. i tsan orageis gre t heir best here. Ja
pan kid cl.vs- orar;es crmutrcc beartog at one or
St.vo v.cts trom buldding: wU-il !o well anywhere in
Southwrest Louisiana brri~n the highest price In
Smarket and arc better fla' orcs 1.
S9thl. Pcnarts of a low carclic do well. Blackber.
tics and deaborries wild or t ae) and strawberries
I do well.
ruse. Ntr bearing trees are at home here and are
c-ry trofitible.
,tth. Pout try does erceedingly well.
Stath,. Stock ot all kinds do well; hortses. mules,
hogs. sheep and goats.
I3th. Altitude, 60 feet. Too flat to wah, too
hiOgl to overflow.
k4th. We grow sugar can.. and rice in perfection;
the otly field crops we import. On both crops we
have a good profit, without tariff or boutty.
t[tlh. The climante, the conditions. tie fruit (fig
orange. pomegranate, grape and persimmon) all an
If dicate plainly that this is the lo..g lost Eden.
W'rite to nearest Soulttthr l'.l.ific Representative
for Routes and Rates S. F. . :orse, G. P. & T
A.. New Orleans. La.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
r. The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons Imakling the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the pariah of Lafayette,
La., before the 1st day ,f January, i896,
as follows:
.$25 to the one making greatest number o
potin s.
$T5 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
$1o to the one making next greatest num
Sber of points.
Vatlue of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
PoITrs PO-1
La.rge Hawk .......... 5 Wild cat............ s5
Small hawk .. .....5 Coon.................
Owl ..................1 5 Opossum ..........
Mink.............. 5 Weasel......:."..1S
Sku;k -. 5 Fox................... 15
lleads of'birrls of plrey and scalps of ani
mnals to be deliveredl to Wim. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be piaid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
For Sale.
Three good lots for busineis.
stands. On Lincoln aveuue, op-,
posite Parkerson- park. Apply to
MIRS. M. GARDNISR; .
All parties indebted to the undersid Oi
are requested to call and nmake satiefst .
settlement before Jan.. i,. s" ., T --":.
counts of all those failing to do. o. -,- ".wi "
given to the collector for im tdi~te oE lbf# .
CttKRaY avAnD TAR, has bees a)eliw Lu,.yi~-
found to cure the .Cough l _
Bronbits, Croep or Whdopiu2t.
ib . Ask;