, i the
'nl s body Is
villa
at enarl tb blood,
nad eable the body
to meest the coming
It paossesse pre
of support and asdis
at this seaspn Craves.
- the "ideal spring
A rent Blood Prifler.
§OSkan Down
efind a. correctire and
lve in Hood's 8arsapa
t blood purifier:
"I had a sevgre attack of
". heumatlo fever which left
 e in bad condition, weak
n,m w-. h kidney troubles
iand hedache. I was much
. iared ndirn1mew my- con
ditoan mUst be improved or
I would never set well. I
begap to takd Heed's Saran
patfla adit did me a great
My general health is much
ired the headaches, which former
l e weeks at a time, never trou
ramds Sarsaparillt isa good med
reqomemend it." ELL. C.
.try ermont.
a Sarsaparilla
I the Only
t;6 eood Purifier
cures eyen whaen all other j
a Insist upon Hood's. a
a .Par-Is l wite b
t.. .
I
ss
' e , L to .- k
b ro sad ,. oea ~. d""f"
Nee S. i p-mo eer. r. m r a ro i 0
"br~w or secure as h. .er. Al -. ii ti
ss .rowe. 7t.seed. ctnter P. Oojwlad !. o. A
U4wrm branch houses hl
is
of
di
Se
to
atah.00 bot
he
re
Je
Charles h, thefase
man milliner sdreisker is dead.
- Lhv rs pwassed .on to that ear ountry
d where his services will net be rre
Is quest, avitt~in of the .dread ifdeusa
w .raging so viruilently in taoeigt
eapidtal`. By his death, the.gesyety'e.
Paris, where be ha reigned withouta
risihtine.s aNgenie's time," wflse onem
of its .most .pro4nent fsciaatiops for
iemale tourists. Scarcely anywonman
of wealth or fashionhas dieemed, her
tann ,otoreig partts a eomplete 5uaeems
unless she brought ba wth er
A, gowns hats,-,or other articles f en
dy tame designed and exeuted in-his
Sstudio. In some respects he rsembled
e the late Ward McAllister. He was an
a rbter eleganSaruna. As an artist, how
· ever, he was clearly-superior to McAl
lister. The latter knew, none better,
what men:. and women should wear,
what designs were graceful and what
iSt were perfect. Worth knew all this,
mad not only. knew it, but he could eon
mranune wtsEmBroE woaU.
of eelve the designs and then execute
them. To this extent he was an artist,
and he was supreme in his realm. The
woman who thought she knew what
e she wanted better than he did not have
her gown made by him. There -are
n- other men dressmakers, but they have
W not reached his heights. It was only
necessary to. have the stamp of Worth
u- pon one's gown in order to secure uni
at versal respect and envy. Probably in
h his long career he turned out many
dresses that were no better than those
u designed and created by others, but
this made no difference so long as it
was knCwn they were produced by
Worth. It was as much heresy to
doubt the perfection of a dress made by
WIorth as it would be to belittle a score
by Beethoven or a picture by Raphael.
The signature at once lifted it above
criticism.
In his time, says the Chicago Tribund
Worth had a long and brilliant eaco.
sr Women of wealth an'- fiLR8i, blids
and widows, coitnem se dt duichesses,
quee antie d princesses, meeres axd
uprime :nor huee r thn i#sa4eis studio
- sueca..a- lf'kyedr in gciry -whieh
bn i}ke that of the lilies of the
9ef.'sa ya~ t atnaiatg and
influences, for how
y actresses and singers have relied
upon Worth's ravishing stage costumes
for their success, and how many
more who never- saw Worth have clan
destinely used his name to draw troops
to the matinees and make a populaz
success! No man living, poet, prose
writer, artist, singer or actor, has ever
had such an influence upon the world
of high society as this dead gown
maker. He has been the adoration of
those who could afford to patronize
him, while those who could not have
lived upon hope that some day their
ships would come in whereupon
they would sall away to Paris and
visi that atelier wh'ence issued
such ravishing costumes. Worth's
calling was not a very exalted one, t
for a man, but measured by the c
standards of success he reached a high d
place. He was easily at the top of his i1
profession, and, as the practice of his I
profession did call for some artistic s
knowledge and some sense of the beau- b
tiful, his rise and his pinnacle where he ,
sat lonely are not to be lightly regarded a
or to be deprecated. While it is some- b
what of a calamity to lose a man like
Worth, who had done no small work in c
helping to beautify women, still there I
is no question his place will be filled, as ,
among his lieutenants there are those ,
.who by long experience are fitted to fill b
it. It is one of the compensations of
nature that no man is indispensable.
Other geniuses will appear in the world
of fashion, and some one of them ere a
long will dominate it as supremely as t]
did Worth. Meanwhile it will be, in one si
sense at least, a relief that stage per- ti
formers of the female sex can no longer ls
assert their artistic excellence because a
their gowns were made by Worth.
Materials feor Cusblons.
uhtable materials for the covers of
pillows are legion. Pleoes of last sum
mer's thin silk can be used, and for a
hearth cnshion there is nothing better
than the front of one of those tea-gown
patterns which were used a few yeare
ago, and which were embroidered in
Persian designs and colorings. At any P
Japanese store can be found a variety
of printed cotton crepes of odd silks, or
of elaborately embroidered oriental m
scarfs, ranging from 25 cents a yard to or
any amount you may be willing to pay. pa
A new material is chiffon, a ridged cot- ax
ton goods, woven of threads of differ- co
eot shades of the same color. It is 86 em
inches wide, and but 75 cents a yard, p.
93 yards making the cover and rufe th
for a large pillow. At several shops W
they are already made up in greens,
dull pinks and blues or yellows.
A Terrible Ramoer f rm Parte ax
A rumor comes from Paris that part
ed hair is not to be the fashion much
longer; that, even more trying etill, ha
the pompadour roll surrounding the th
face is to be the thing. If this be so,
then for a return of the rats. Those mi
curious abominations of our motLers'
time over which the hair is brushed
will once more be used. With the hair
brushed back in this fashion it is to be Dc
arranged in the shape-of a figure eight,
quite high at the back of the head,
and the Psyche knot, which has been
with us long enough to become modi- on
fed into quite a graceful arrangement,
will have to go.
ame ProPel Iampersesesa,
Tomnnley--Dd you notice that the
mahs of Dsdbroke, who was as
Ameriean girl of humble origin, has all let
the superlloasnoess of the caste she yo
F.ddewtoss- e ha,, she haai Sh o
Uemstt 1' ie mirbma
.1 tboe . mone.it fisponds to
d t,' sad even in the beaming od
li ' h` bit b of beauty with r
.past srjso rd od ,thiuga aaeoi
t o
rn e 'iuenty, thoag.E ceetly and
Sbeautiful piano grows worthless and
an tun eles e has been neglected.
ierLe s.  ir p ,siso, it needs to be
" In .ty .weather, especially, always
ose it when ot in use, and, if poe
sible, throw a cover over it. Keep in a,
Smoderately warm room, not too near
the source of heat, and let the tem
Speratur_ be even. Not cold one day
and, hot the next, but warm all the
- tme-say 60 or r0 degrees the year
round.
Always place the piano against an
L inside wall, and a little out from- t.
Shun the itinerant tuner who co-es
unrecommended, and of whom you
have no previous knowledge. As soon
Intrust your own ills to a quack as your
delicate, high-strung instrument to an
ignoramus who had much better be
shoeing horses or sawing wood than
meddling with pianos.
Do not allow children to drum on it.
True, Prot. Banghard may expend a
like amount of strength upon his key
board-I doubt if it thoroughly enjoys
either treatment. But if the right keys
are struck it will not affect it nor you
so seriously as where children amuse
themselves and wreck the Christian
tempers of- all listeners, but those of
their fond mammas, by their soul-dis
tracting sounds.
Resolutely avoid littering the tops
with brio-a-brac, for it unquestionably
affects the tone.
A well-known maker recommends
frequent wiping off of the ease with
chamois skin wrung out of tepid water,
and where the case is very highly pol
ished and dark, this is not only neces
sary but productive of good results and
little else will answer to remove the
dust that settles resolutely in the right
ly named fret work.
But if you are afraid to try this and
you want to remove finger marks and
blue mold, take salad oil and vinegar,
and rub on a very little of this mixture
with a soft rag and with vast persever
anne, mighty muscle and a soft woolen
it rag-rub until your arm threatens to
it dirop from the. ooket; then survey your
work with a critic's eye, and you will
doubtless pronounce the result good.-
L. B. Chittenden, in Chicago Record.
NEAT LAUNDRY BAG.
!e new to ake a Pretty Ueeeptaele sa,
seosea Lines.
For persons who do not care to give
S pace to a large basket for holding
a sailed linen a lanundry bag is the only
s, resort. This may be made of plain
ticking or may be el ted to the r
d
of a decorative objectand it is un
stitch tapestry design separated by
bands of colored crocheted insertion.
The bottom of the bag is nished with
eI
erooheted edge to match. The em- p
r v
broidered sides are divided by traight
tplacking pieeor to maybe elevated the r l
a ons, a decorative object, and it is aleun
I dry bag of the latter description that is
5 illustrated. It is made of strips of o
s heavy canvas embroidered in a cruav i3
stitch tapestry design separated by ir
ribands of colored crocheted insertion. h
STwhich bottom of the bag is whicnished with
a crocheed edge to match. The ent -
- broidered sides are divided by straight $
plain pieces to make the bag capa- i.
l dions, and the whole thing Is lined. T
The top o each side hasslentmall br dress
rings "A grttached at intervals, throughin
which are run brass rods which hold their
style of dress when nature changes
out blonde and thin; within ten years
she becomes much darker in effect and s
becomes broader and stouter; butten to ii
one she clings passionately to the
colors and general character of gowns ,
and bonnets that were always be- r]
coming to her. She is a lost wom
an. She is sure to look passe. It ,
is a great thing not to fall into a rut in m
clothes; look with a single mind at the
present effect of the things you try on."
Eggs a rrtsensue. th
Boil six eggs twenty minutes. Re- se
move the shells and cut in dice. Melt sh
one tablespoonful of butter in a sauce- of
pan, add as much flour as itwill absorb,
and thin with boiling milk, stirring tin
constantly until.it is about the consists th
ency of thick eream. Add a handful of in
parsley, chopped, salt and pepper and of
the eggs. Boil up once and serve.- his
F'arm and Fireside. o
Burprised at er Raowledae. O
Tramp-Pleas, mum, I'm a financier, Sc
and- lic
Elousekeeper-Huhi You look like it, 12
Tramp-You surprise me, mum. I'd th
hardly have suspected that a lady in fec
this out-of the-way place would be so
familiar with Wall street as to know a G
man on the wrong side of the market
when she sees him.-N. Y. Weekly. tl
Weo s1n Needed. w
Peddler---Want many "Please Shut the rl
Door" sign? tou
Jimson--In' need 'em. he
"Your door hasn't any spring." toc
"People always shut it when they go fa
out" aPI
"That's qneer." thi
"I'm a tax assessor. They shut it with "I'
a altas"--N. Y. Weekly. hem
ase was as Goaed as a maerasse wil
Mr. Van Doublet-N-ow, pway, don't sh
let me detain you, Miss Wobberta, if La
you are in a hnwwy, don'tcherknow. are
Miss Robberta-Oh, not at all. I we "I
only goiag to the auenpagee. sad--er pie
-end,. I don't t ekil I Osr abcut N5Ro(a
*t61 aw t*s I UtUvWe --eeE Mtb
muoh ensery a4 endriranei, in spirt
-f thifact that he is a giat- cigartte
ad smoker. lHe is 1ond of outdoor sports,
and asa wmslyencouraged -t theintro
iuctiol of football into Japan. .ie i
a hunter andi iiherman, and is quite a
to good shot with ;w'ifle. His devotion to
at lawn tennai:l marked, mad he wields a
to very clever racquet.
-.; -The late Dr. Oliver Wendell
Holmes. left.i an estate: spprLiaed: at
ad 3 2117?3 2.i The ipersonal estate is esti
id mated at 387,11 7.3; the real at $5,000.
1. -A copyright ownied by the deceased is
be put in as of an unknown svalue. The
personal property consists principally
ys of stocks and-bonds. The value of the
wa- books in the 'library and reception
a, rooms of tihe residence is fixed at
r i804.50.
n- -Kate Field says she thinks that
Ba Worth madce for her the only dress
0e that he ever made of American ma
ar terial. She.took him a piece of Ameri
can satin for the purpose and at first
to he refused point-blank to touch it.
"The manufacturers at Lyons would
es never forgive me," he said. "They
u would acense me of treachery." But
m eventually Miss Field's persuasion pre
ar vailed.
in -That nursery tale which has
be charmed generations of children -and
m their elders, known as "Blue Beard,"
was written by a French author. The
It. original of the character of Blue
a Beard was a marshal of France, who
y- lived in a Brittany, and who was
Vs charged with murdering several wiven
Vs and over one hundred children. Being
>u convicted of sorcery, he was burned.
so A singular peculiarity of his hair and
in beard was its inky glossiness, which
of in a certain light appeared of an indi
a- go tinge, and so won him the appella
tion which has rendered him immortal.
ps -A story of Rochefort is -revived on
Ly the occasion of his return from exile.
When Victor Hugo was in exile is
Is Brussels lie asked Rochbefort to stand
,h godfather to his son Charles. Roche
r, fort accepted, and in looking -for a
1- suitable present saw in a curiosity
s- shop window a silver table ornament
id which attracted him and which he
ro bought, though the price was 55,000
t- francs. When after 1870 Rochefort
was sent to New Caledonia and hii
d property confiscated, Victor lHugo sold
d the ornament for the benefit of Roche
r, fort's family. It turned out that it was
' the work of Benvenuto Cellini, and it
r- brought in 200,000 francs.
n -Ben Franklin's morals and religious
4 belief have been the subject of much
r discussion. A letter written by Frank
I1 lin to his sister, Mrs. Mecum, dated Oc
tober 190, 1789, indicates the writer's
firm belief in the goodness of God. It
is one of the last letters written by the
great philosopher, and the following
extract will show the state of his mind
at the time: "As to my Health it con
tinuesas usual, sometimes better, some
times worse, & with respect to the
"Happiness hereafter, which you men
tion, I have no Doubts about it, confid
ing as I do in the Goodness of that
Being who thro'so long a Life hascon
ducted me with so many Instances
of it."
-A definite critical edition of Dante
has been undertaken by the Societa
Dantesca d'Italia, the first based.on the
collection of all accessible manuscripts. 1
As nearly 600 manuscripts of the divine
comedy are known to exist, the labor
n ill be enormous. In its publication,
the (iornule Dantesco, the society as
sumes as -settled certain questions:
"The historical reality of Beatrice, now
admitted almost generally; the date of
the Vita Nuova, now determined to be
long to the first years of the last de
Cade of the thirteenth century; the sup
position that some part of the Convito
was written before Dante's exile, now
shown to be without foundation; the
composition of the De Monarchin, now
generally held to be later than that of
the other minor works."
HUMOROUS.
-Newwed-"That's a perfect angel
of a cottage. Don't you think so?" I
Bride-"Well, it certainly has wings, i
if that's what you refer to."-N. Y. d
W\orld.
-Mrs. Smnallwort-"lsn't that band a
playing 'WVearing of the Green'?" Mr. a
Smiallwort-"How can I tell? You a
know I am color blind."-Cincinnati F
Tribune. e
-Ile--"Do you know that I am over E
ears in love with you?-' She-"That's C
just what your brother said." lIe
-"Aih! but my ears are larger than f,
his."-Pall Mall Budget. V
-The clucking hen with little chicks h
Can't talk, nor does she care,
Yet when she in the garden strays
She teaches man to swear.
-Inter-Ocean.
-Lawyer-"Tben I understand you ti
to swear, witness, that the parties
came to high words?" Witness-"No,
sir; wot I say is, the words were par- s
ticillary low. "-~Tit-Rits. a
-At the Police Court.-Judge-"You
save been arrested for being a tramp.
then you have no emplonyment?" P
Tramp-"I beg your honor's pardon,
but you are mistaken. I do the blind
man."-Texas Siftings.
-Visitor--"And is your mistress so
very ill? I am exceedinkly sorry. Do d
they think she will die to-day?" Man
servant-'"She be very bad, mum; but
she can't die to-day. This is cook's day a
off."--Boston Transcript.
-"I have always wondered," solilo
quized Uncle Allen Sparks, "whether
the resolute expression of George Wash
ington's mouth wasdue to the ftmness
of his disposition or to the fact that
his teeth didn't fit him."-Chicago Trihb
une.
-His Deficiency.-Tom-"Why didn't
you go back to college?" Dick-"De
flcient in mathematics." Tom-"l"How
did that happen?" Dick--"I calculated
that I could kick the ball clean over
the goal and I didn't reach it by twenty
feet."-Detroit Free Press
-Here are two or three anecdotes of
German children: It was at a large
party. A gentleman had the misfor
tune to break a glass. Little Lenai,
who was standing near her mamma, It
raised herself on tiptoe and whispered,
loud enough for all of the company to
hear: "And one ofthe borrowed ones,
tool" Later in the evening the hostess
gave one of her little daughters a nice
apple. "Now give your mamma a kiss, it
there's a dear," said the child's uncle.
"I'm not allowed to when she's painte ~
her face." Little Paul was sent with b
a bunch of flowers to the manager's -
wife .on her birthday, and waited in
silence after he had been dismissed.
Lady-"Well, my young man, what
are you waiting for, now?" Paul
"fanmma said I was not to ask for a
pieoe o birtdy oake, biut waiS sill I
to e : 4,11
C. the _atte mnot, bt now
. Wik & sy ofUl tl'h falls through
aan aprntitre° dto a ditkenerd room, it fIl
rendered visible as- far -as it extends.
What we actully see, however,-i not
Sthe jay of lght, but .the particles of
- dlating dust renderedviable by it .
. D. OTTo Nonsu ttb o bo , a son of
is Baron Nordensltiold, is to lead thet
1e Swedish antarctie expedition now beM
y nlg organized in Stockholm. Dr. Axel
e Ohlin, of the university of Lund, and
a memberof the expeditioa of lastyear,
it will also be a member of the expedi:
tion, which will start from Stockholm
t in July.
a Dn. EDEB, in the following table,
. gives the number of drops required to
i. make a cubic centimeter, showing the
t variations in the size of drops of differ
ent liquids: Water, 90; hydrochloric
d acid, 20; nitric acid, 97; sulphuric acid,
, 28; acetio acid, 38; castor oil, 44; olive
oil, 47; oil of turpentine, 55; alcohol. 62;
. ether, 88.
SHERIFF WILKINS FREED.
Tests of Sawiry ane How SMe eesapod
Health Is lmproving-lss inrted iNt
e teen Pounds in Weight-Talks Abeat ie
S Deliverer DaUy.
' Uunava, Ohio, April1 189.-(Spedl).
I This town is in quite a'boil of excitement
a since the facts abo6utthe improved physical
condition of many of our leading citizens
became known. nderson- & Cramer, the
big wholesle and retail druggists, were
Scaled on and frankly admitted that they
Swere the first to start the good work, as
Mr. Anderson termed it. "Yes, we intro
duce4 No-To-Bac into this town about three
years ago. The demand as the start was
very light, the folks had no faith in it, but
we sold to a few people, and to our great
astonishment every one reported a onure.
Since that time we have sold hundreds of
a boxes, and every one under a guarantee
Sto cure or refund the money, and strange as
it may seem, we have never had a call to re
fund money. This is indeed a great record
of merit, and it is because of this merit that
- the big sale has resulted. As every cure
t brings in at least twenty-five customers, we
know that No-To-Bac can be relied upon in 1
' every respect, and No-To-Bac not only re
U lieves the nervous irritation and makes the
t use of tobacco entirely unnecessary, but at
the same time builds up and fortifies the I
general physical condition. I.just saw two
Sof our prominent merchants pass down the
opposite side of the street; they were cured 4
by No-To-Bae a year ago, and they have not
used tobacco since and have been greatly c
improved in health. We have a great many I
customers, men who are well advanced in 1
years, who have been cured of the-tobacco
habit by the use of No-To-Bac, and who
continue taking it right along for its tonic
effects. As a natural invigorator and stim
Sulant we believe there is no preparation in
America to equal it."
"'You know R. P. Wilkins, our sheriff,
don't you?"
"Yes, of course I do."
"Well ou want to interview him."
Mr. Wilkins was called upon, and said:
"Yes November 4th, last I bought my first
box of No-To-Bac fromAnderson& Cramor.
I had little faith, and to my great surprise,
after using part of tile third box r.I was
completely cured and did not have the least
desire for tobacco. I had been a perfect
slave to tobacco for over twenty-five years;
I smoked from twcelve tofifteen cigars a day;
to-day I feel better, I sleep better, think
better and I have gained fifteen pounds in
weighnr and there is not a day passes that I
do notrecommend No-To-Bae to many of
the tobacco users who I know are destroy
ing their lives and vitality by the use of the
weed."
Further investigation revealed the fact
that there are 0 people living in this town
and the surrounding country who have
been cured by No-To-Ba. If the cures go
on at this rate it vill not be very long be
fore the tobacco industry is going to be seri
ously affected. The saie of No-To-Bae has
been phenomenal.
The public should be warned, however,
against the purchase of any of the many imi- 1
tations on the market, as the success of No
To-Bac has brought forth a host of counter
feiters and imitators. The genuine No-To
Bac is sold under a guarantee to cure by all
druggists, and every tablethas the word No- 1
To-BW~ plainly stamped thereon, and in the
purchase of the genuine article you run no
physical or fl'ancia risk.
"WVAT is the use of continually worrying
about your heaitht" said thecensorious citi
zen. "Life is but a span, anyhow." "I know
that," was the reply, "but there are spans
and spans. I'm looking for something on I
the Brooklyn bridge ordler."-Washington
Star.
short Journeys on a Long Bead ]
Is the characteristic title of a profusely
illustrated book containing over one hun
dred pages of charmingly written descrip
tions of summer resorts, in the country
north and west of Chicago. The reading
matter is new, the illustrations are new,
and the information therein will be new to
almost everyone.
A copy of "Short Journeys on a Long
Road" will be sent free to anyone who will
enclose ten cents (to pay postage) to Gzo.
H. HiarFroa, General Passenger Agent l
Chicago, Milwaukee & St. PatultRailway, t
Chicago, Ill.
PATRON (in basement) -"G' mme pigs'
feet and a dish of mashed potatoes extra.'
Waiter (shouting the order through his
hands)-"Trily- for one; Little Bille on
the side l"--Chicago Record.
Lake a Maehine,
Which kept in order runs smoothly and
regularly, so the bowels keep up thdlr ac
tion if meas tres are taken to keep them in
good working order. This infers, of course,
that they are out of order. The surest re*
course then is to Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters, a laxative mild but effective, which is
also a remedy for dyspepsla, malbria, rheu.
maesm, nervousness and staney trouble.
"PAPA gave me two pennies to put in the
plate in church." "Do you know who those
pennies were fort" "'Course I do' for the
organ man. I heard the music."--Judge.
When Ton Want a Thresher,
Horse Power, Swinging or Wind Stacker,
Saw Mill, Self Feeder or an Engine, ad
dress theJ. L Crss T. M. Co., .acine,Wis.
They have the largest Threshing Mchine
plantin the world, and their Implements may
be relied upon as the best. Business eshb
lished 1849. Illustrated catalogue mailed free.
MDIOcRuITY can sometimes instruct, but
it takes originality to amuse.-Milwaukee
Journal.
The Deer of U.
The fear of pain
and the dangers
of parturition fill
many a woman's
breast with dis
may. There is
no reason why
childbirthshould
be fraught with
danger and distress.
It is a natural function, and should be
performed in a natural way without un
due suffering. Nature never intended
that women abhould be tortured in this
Taken during estation Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription robs childbirth of
its dangers to both mother and child, by
preparing the systemfordeivery, thereby
shortening labor, esekoning pan and ab
breviating the period f cof iment.
DrPY ", ..
5 i arPSYami Ut a
:~rfis
.I~~ .4_
?~ .6· ~-;!:L~:. ~·· ·pl~i
r~;-·, *~ ··--, i
:: Pb~`L" ~i· :ir
t;. I~ 2,.·~' ~4~e~-rm·pc~i-~ ~!
r: :I
-·- h
~h·n .~
.-~,-·~.·-·._ ·~C~ .
.r
~~Et Ofrn~e~tL~ ··~ ,IL~-·i
'~lirs·_.,~;;;~b+U.S' Pts,
"'Ix sorry, Mr. Timpany,".said th lead
er cf the brass band to the bass drummsr,
Sulit-we shall have to dispense with your
services." "Whyi" "Why YOU .asksime
why? A man who has grown so fat that he
can no longer hit the middle of tho drum
asks me why i;'-N. Y. Journal.
GoD writes the Gospel not in the Bible
alone, but on trees and flowers, and clouds,
and stars.-Luther.
Deaness Cannote be Onted
by local applications, as they cannot reacb
thedisesed portion of theear.. Theres Isonly
one way to cure Deafness, and that Isbycon
stltutional remedies. Deafness iseaused by
an inflamed condition of the mucous lining
of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube
gets inflamed you have arumbling sound or
imperfect hearing, and when it is entirely
dosed Deafness is the result, and unless the
inflammation can be taken out and thistube
restoredtoitanormal condition, hearing will
be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ton
arec eased by catarrh. which Is nothing but
an inflameb condition of the mucous sua
faces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any
case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cura
Bend for circulars, free.
F. J. Cnear & Co., Toledo, 
Wgold by Druvgidts, lc.
Mall'a Family i'aiis, 25 cents.
"Is Youn husband out of politics?" asked
the visitor. "Yes," replied the wife of the
ex-statesman, "I think he must be. Every
time I mention an election he says he's not
in it."-Washington Hetar.
Wara lovers hang over the gate there is a
nood deal to be said on both sides before
hey quit.--Texas 8itings.
Thle Means Buslness.
On the principal lines of the Chicago,
Milwaukee & St. Paul railway passenger
trains are electric lighted, steam heated and
protected by -block signals. With these
modern appliances, railway traveling at
high speeds has reached a degree of safety
heretofore unknown and not attainable on
roads where they are not in use. Electric
lights and steam heat make it possible to
dispense with the oil lamp and the car
stove. Block signals have reduced the
chances for collisions to the minimum by
maintaining an absolute interval of space
between trains.
"Mas. Tnour, why do you look so down
in the gillsl" "Trout, rr.y dear, I can't help
worrying when I romember that it's most
fy time agaiu."-N. Y. Recorder.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, therefreshing and truly
beneticial properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has jiven satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
e
- rette
will go farther in doing the family wash
! ing or doing the housework than a quan
(ý' I IT tity of ordinary soap
LAIRETTE SOAP.
Saves CLOTHES
Se sYOUR FINGERS,
YOUR TESPER,
YOUR MONEY.
Try it. Sold by all Grocers. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
HAVE YOU FIVE MORE COW
IY so a "e yar Cream Separator will earn its cost for
other year at so great a loss! Drag the o ly
uroflable feature of Agriculture properiy condw t lucted
it always pays well. and must ay You. Y'ou need a
SPARATOR, and you need tns m's,.the
pwarrd S~end for new 1595 Cmtalogue.
THE DE LAVAL SEPARATOR CO.;
72 OORWLANDp ST., NtW YORK.
THE PGT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOL.O
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS OLmAN INES.
,APOUQ -,. QULe.m vwit m..,1.tg :u
, am.,mrc,-manWnur.. • , -
Piso's CUxa curUi me of a Throat mand"
Lung trouble of three years' ataiszg.-- .
CADT, Huntington, Jad., 4'oV. 1S 6am.
"YovuO man. don't you kW ,ou o ught
to lay something y for sbf rago , a" 4"
do; my rubbers.. Y. - ecoro,.
It is as easy to call back a stone Jibrown
from the hand as to cal back the woi. that
is spoken.--Monander.
- Fr Aor AuNe.
Over ee llilMsa Pee' wear the
W L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
Allow.r shoes are equally sat.':acteY.
They give the best value for the aemeo
From $t to $3 saved over other stakes.
if your dealer cannot supply you we can.
BEST IN THE VWOLD.
r aon s *t'd, lantw' -
- Th RSINo surE
STOVB POLIS is
Cakes for geneal
a blacking of-a steve
THFiP. SUN PASTE
SI .' PO. for a quick:b
-- IN a r m applied and pol
iahed with a cloth.
Ptorsee E Pre Props.. Canton Matss.. U.S.A.
S lUIS' 98 LYE
A(PATANRTD)
r_ The Ierongei and prH kt Lye
made. Unlike other Lye i tbeing
SiL l icMllpowder andMd cdinca a
Swithremovable lIdthe onten
£1 EtSlay ready For use. Wil_
r make the beaf perfumed Hoar
op. 2 In minutes twitou boil
n. It is the beat for cleansing
wstos pipes, disinfecting saik.
closet, waOshlng bottleAs bý
ea. AwgensA. PmEiA. Sa.
Ely's Cream Balm
A p it l talm into each nostril. L Y B S .i-a. ' A .
3JyMloao arearmsto'
Notice -MiN Men Th.%.Y..
ii tnto-d I. iaeturctd by U
ook first prie at Werli's. 5r, Chleg&o. All Allass
from.: horse tower up to theyarifga. ucerducd
C nnd fur catalogue lthowinl.sow Jmprovemoent.; altoe
of hortehe Corn Mill.. lao Proa . and Tnrhlne We
ter Wheclc. Pullyes.sltoft onwn~* e .llhl eredlsppNae.
ayes Hotel lenW wiso the
IW- ATES. t.ao C&. .5 PElut )AZ.
FI.WVLL'S. Io&s rr r UeCrdes K, lisibP
I (-Na ft tal A oltae dby dwiaes.
A. N. K., F 1548
WEEK watin e To £ta lgsza
•tat that ien maw tohe Jdvertiaemea$ et..