LA1AY9
,`I LAAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JANUAL Y 6, 1804. NUMBER 44
plenty otderg
sbtrt tor a rough.
usso high,
^ ' , b}tor. nos eougb. ou
S.l- d with r d a cough.
; Wagivesn to sotough;
swear that the barque
"n". t nhad better be ough."
S' k the motion
.... W i the otioA,
lExooafp the wloaves weren't so laouhed."
t7e to an arch and went through,
SWhrhIooad a most beautiful vougft
mthonearsat-water tower
Aindthey' stayed there atu hower
-e woas te or they might have stayed tough).
pelet e past: when tbe'd rowed quite entugh
SThOey ieds up t -beat', h a blough.
And i opaUth biroiad
athhe dd ro' w a ryad,
air*, sthe .hat made both of them pough.
-8t Louis Itepubte.
'"fTf WEST PASTURE.
B1ow b'. Trouble It Caused Was
S ienally Bottled.
aThe autumn day was closing in a
grldryof urplo and gold; the last rays
pof th h e ytting sun entered the window
of thi farinhouse, and, slanting across
the row of shining milk pans, formed
n halo-of gold around the head of the
farmer's daughter, Cecile Grey, as she
stood with the full milk pail poised in
her hands, and thought seriousty, a
perplexed pucker between her straigh t
'Pretty she was not, but her fair,
calm face, looking placidly out from
beneath her crown of really beautiful
hair, the envy of all the village girls,
- was very attractive.
The farm laborers were coining front
supper, the dlay :was dlying as the sun
sank reluctantly behind the trccs. and
still Cecile stood there silently, Iuried
in reverie, and unmindful of what was
going on about her.
"A penny for your thoughts, Cecy,"
spoke out a manrly voice.
And Jack Newton appeared at the
outer door. -
C'ecy, turning, came out of her brown
study.
"' was thinking of the picnic to
,morrow, Jack. No one has aslked me
to go, and I wondered if I must stay at
home after alL That momentous ques
tion so occupied my thoughts that I
had forgotten my evening duties."
"Will you go with me, Cecile? It is
on mother's account that I have not
asked you before. lint as I was s;troll
ing past, half inclined to give it all uip,
I saw you, and that settled my doubts
us to what to do."
There was a tender light in the young
man's eyes as lie spoke, and the pretty
pink color flushed into Cecilo's cheek.
"Of eoursv I will go, Jack. 1Why al
low her dislike to spoil our pleasure?
She will forgive me some day."
"iSo it is settled? You will come with
"Yes, Tack."
WVell pleased, the young man went
on his wany.
TImh cause of Mrs. Newton's dislike to
Sccloe was a trivial one.
iVhcn she was a little girl Cenle's
father had given her the deed of a
picturesque bit of land, called the vwest
pasture, which lay between the New
ton fatm and that of Mr. Grey.
'Two years before our story opens
Mirs. Newton had made Cecile an offer
.for the land. It would complete her
east pasture, site said, and fill in the
* corner, thus making her acres form al
moest a square.
She had set her heart on having the
pasture, but'Cccile loved the place, and
wvould not sell it. Mrs. Newton tried
b-ly coaxing and liberal offers to gain
her point, but the girl was determined.
At last, flying into a passion, the elder
lady rated the younger soundly for "a
conceited minx, who thought herself
too good for her place, and who would
neser get her Jack, for whom she had
her cap."
And, having thus relieved her mind,
she went home.
For two years she had not entered
the Grey farmhouse unless she knew
the only daughter was absent. Good,
motherly Mrs. Grey overlooked the
feud, welcomed Jack cordially when
ever he called, paid little neighborly
visits to Mrs. Newton, and in every way
tried to mend the breach which Jack's
mother kept fresh by daily repinings.
Cecile, when Jack had gone, went
about her duties with a light step and
a lighter heart. When, at last, every
thing was done, she sought, her pretty
room, which was tastefully adorned by
her own hands, and, sitting by the win
dow, looked out over the hills and won
dered if the morrow would bring the
fair weather the night promised.
Meanwhile Mrs. Newton, her face
red with anger, stood listening to Jack,
who, with his bedroom lamp in his
hand, had turned as he reached the
door, and said: "I must be up early in
the morning, mother, for I am going to
the picnic. Cecile has promised to ac
cL'ompany me. I intend to ask her to be
my wife," he went on, in some con
fusion. "She will make you a good
daughter, mother; yon know you have
always longed for one."
'"But not such a one as you want to
-iv-we me," exclaimed Mrs. Noewton. .'No,
Jack; I will never welcome her to this
housel If it had been anyone else-
but Cecile Grey, never!"
"Mother," said Jack, firmly, "why
cannot you overcomo this.'foolish proju
dice? I shall marry Cecile if she will
have-me: better accept the inevitable."
Ad4ae left the room.
.: ra. .ieewtcn was taken by sur
~ds ~After awhile she cooled down a
'Alft fl," saL- thought, "if he does
mS' t  that t.St pasture will conme
"T ue"' t- I w s never give in, not
e. -~ton S that. Jack shall lose the farm.
" 1i'I- srm'Ies Ceetle Grey."
4:~ ,night. CedLe, in her pretty
b * LeA.; dreamid of Jacke At first
le s w ezro peaceffil, but as the
on .they. h*rame disturbed,
ust Sh e awoke with the strange
- te lorkbv' was in danger.
arose, and having
t-·· : -
donned wrappe? and slippers went to
the window. As she threw up the sash
and lenhed out across the sill, she saw
that a cloudy sky had taken the place
of the starry one she had gazed at ear
lier in the night.
The wind had risen, and blew in fit
ful gusts around the corners of the
house
A troubled thought of the pleasure
-she had anticipated came to Cecile, and
then all at once, as a stronger gust of
wind came to her, she smnelled a faint
odor of smoke.
Looking quickly at the barn and
other buildings she could see nothing
unusual. She raised her eyes and looked
anrtiously in the direction of Jack's
house,
"What was that red glow spreading
above the tree tops?" she wondered.
And then she realized that the New
ton farmhouse was on fire.
Running downstairs she roused her
father, then out of the door, and away
through the, darkness she sped in the
direction of the burning building.
All was quiet when she reached the
gate, which was locked. What should
she do? She looked up at the high pick
ets with their cruelly sharp points, and
then began to climb resolutely up. BIal
ancing herself on the top she dropped
to the ground. Her skirts caught on
the sharp points, but she managed to
wrench them free, and, never noticing
how her hands were bleeding, made her
way to the house.
The flames shot upward; the smoke
rolled in huge columns toward the
darkening sky; but still no sound came
from the inmates of the burning build
ing. Could she save them? WVould her
father never come?
Looking anxiously around, she saw
an open window; she sprang through
it and found that she was in the
thickest of the smoke. What she did
must be done quickly.
She snatched a woolen scarf she had
thrown over her head, and, binding it
around her mouth, prepared to fight
her way to the foot of the stairs. Inch
by inch she pressed forward, till,
Alinded by the smoke, she struck her
foot against the lower step. lWith a
little scream of joy she flew up the
stairs, and along the wide hall to Jack's
roomn.
Jack was just awaking from a
troubled sleep. Hearing Cecile's voice,
lie instantly sprang up, comprehending
the danger almost before she could tell
him of it.
"Mother sleeps downstairs in the
little room on the right," he said, in
answer to her question. "W*ait, Cecile."
lie frantically searched for his cloth
ing, but Cecile was away again L)t
tling with the smoke, which almost
overpowered her. The flames were
licking their way toward Mrs. New
ton's room. Cecile saw this, and
breathed a prayer for help. She fairly
flew down the stairs, and reached the
door just as one cruel tongue of fire
darted across the top of it.
She found Mrs. Newton in a heavy
stupor, and all her efforts to rouse her
were in vain. She could not wait for
Jlack, so she wrapped the heavy form
in a blanket, and how, hec knewv not.
managed to drag her into thdie hall.
Then Jack joined her. lie promptly
relieved her of her burden, and in an
instant had led the way to safety.
'Mr. trey and his ien, having but
jlst reached the scene, were preparing
to light the fire, and after taking in
this fact, Cecile's courage and strength
gave -ay. andi she slippedl down at
Jack's feet.
Mrs. Grey now came hurrying up,
and together she and . ack half-dragged,
half-carried the two helpless ones to
her home. A doctor was sent for, and
a simple application of restoratives
aroused Mrs. Newton, who listened
with tears to the story ot Cecile's hero
ism. Turning to Jack she said, simply
and humbly: "I misjudged her. For
give Ime."
Jack's face brightened, but he con
tinued his restless walk becfore the door
of the room where Cecile lay.
Just as the morning dawned she
opened her eyes and asked: "Is Jack
safe?"
Then she fell asleep with a happy;
-mile on her lips. She had burned her
hands and arnms; her beautiful hair was
singed badly, and her strength had
been terribly taxed; but in a month
she had recovered sufficiently to take aI
short drive, and ,Tack took her to see
the ruins.
Every building on the place had been
burned to the ground.
"'I am glad of it," said Jack. "I in
tend to build a new house, to which I
shall be proud to take my wife. Will
you come, Cecile?"
"*What will your mother say?" she
asked with a touch of playfulness,
while her eyes gave him the answer he
craved.
"She is more than anxious to wel
come you as a daughter."
So it was settled; and MIrs. Newton,
as shle looks at her daughter Cecilc's
hands, says: "They are the most beau
tiful hands in the world to me, if they
are scarred and blackcned'"
And the feud of the west pasture is
at an end.
Jack and his wife are very happy.
They are talking of another picnic to
take the place of the Qne planned a
year ago, and it is to be held in the
west pasture.-Drake's Magazine.
WIat Could liave Ailed 11er?
The human body is a very delicate
and highly complex organization, and
i. is not surprising that it sometimes
breaks down for no easily ascertainable
reason. A farmer met the village doc
tor, according to an exchange, anti
said:
"If you happen to be out our way
any time, I wish you'd stop and see
my wife. She don't seem to be feeling
very well."
"WVhat ails her? What are some of
her symptoms?"- .
"Idunno. Tbis morning, after she'dl
milked the cows and fed the pigs and
got breakfast for the men and wvashed
the dishes and built , fire under the
boiler in the washhouse and done a
Sfew little odd Jobs round the house, she
complained .of feeling tired-like. I
shouldn't wonder if her blood was
poor, and I guess she needs a dose of
medicin's"- nouth's Coimnanion
AN ENTERPRISING AGENT.
But the Farmer Was On to Him, lesides
the Dog Helped to Ianduee Hin to De
part.
"Talk about fnew and wotaesttial
trees and plants and seeds," said the
enthusiastic agent, "I've got a list of
novelties no enterprising, wide-awake
farmer can afford to do without!"
"Have ye?" asked the honest tillerx Of
the soil as a strange glitter crept intc
his eye. 4
"Yes, sir. I can sell you a pie plant
from which you can grow mince, cus
tard, lemon, cream or any other kindi
of pie while you wait. It is a mighty
conxenient plant to have around be
cause one never knows what minute a
lot of unexpected company may come
and even the best of families are some
times caught without a pie in the
house."
"I guess you're right," bald the old
farmer "
"And I have here an illustration
showing a new and wonderful variety
of strawberry plants, the pollen of
which has been crossed with the finest
grades of pulverized sugar and winter
wheat flour, thus producing the com
pleted short-cake all ready for the ta
ble. The picture, as you see, is very
attractive, but it does the subject no
wheres near justice."
"liev ye got a sample of the eake
with ye?" asked the confiding farmer.
"Sorry, but I just gave the last piece
to a man I met half-mile down the
road and to whom I sold a. large num
ber of the plants, as he is going to open
a restaurant next spring, lint," con
tinued the agent, "here are other
things equally as wonderful and de
sirable. I can sell you egg plants that
will produce ducks, chickens, geese,
turkeys and all sorts of fowls. I have
bird seed fronm which you can grow
everything from humming birds to bald
eagle!"
"All from the same lot 'o seed?" in
quired the farmer.
"Oh, yes, to he sure." answered tile
agent. "It's mlixed bird seed you see.
And I have horse chestnuts that will
proeduce a livery stable in ninety days.
And plum and apple trees that yield
an abundance of pudding and dump
lings all ready to be eaten. I have
also a variety of peach tree that was
budded with a preparation of ground
tin, and now it produces tile peaches
all put up in cans ready for winter
use."
"WVell, I'll jest be hanged ef that
ain't an idee?" said his listener. "Any
san opener grows with it?" he added.
"Well, no, I'll not deceive you," said
the agent, "'by saying there is, but we
hope soon to remedy that defect."
"W'\all, let me tell ye, stranger," said
the honest old farmer, "ye're way be
hind the times. The last agent 'at was
here had theml ready-canned peach
trees, and with every can there'd t row
a can-opener, a corkscrew, a pencil
shanrpener and at stump-puller. No can
opener, clh? Well, I can't buy of you,
'cause I don't want my neighbors to
knmow I'm fool enough to buy old-fash
ioned, back-nlunber trees that are clear
out o' style. They'd ginmme the laugh
sure." And tlhen turning to a freckled
faced boy who had been listening at a
safe distance, lie said: "Ilennie, let Tige
out of the barn. lie hasn't had noth
ing to eat for three ldays.'"
.And the tree man departed.-l'eck's
Sun.
A Terrible Turkish 1aassacre.
The .lanissaries or Janezaries wsere
a body of Tlurkish soldiers first organ
ized about 1:830 A. D., by Sultan Orean
from the youngn Christian prison. ,rs.
'The name is from thesTurkish \eni
askari, new soldiers. The Janissaries
formed the earlier standing army of
Europe. They were at first highly
privileged and soo0011 attained great
power both in war and politics. In
1512 they raised Seliln to the throne
ind caused the death of the fatuous
Ilajazet: in 1808 they objected to the
organization of any other army than
Stheir own body and massacred all the
new troops they could. In 1826 31aho
net II. suppressed them, his new troops
remembering the massacre eighteen
years before slaughtered twenty thou
sand of the obnoxious troops. This put
an end to 'the body. The massacre
lasted three days, .lJune 14, 15 and 16.
When it was ended Malhomet organized
his new armies in comparative peace.
N. Y. Sun.
Great Expeetations.
Six or seven bootblacks -cire shoot
ing craps on the sidewalk in front of a
business house the other evening when
the manager of the establishment
caine along.
"lBoys," he said, "this will never do.
You'll have to move away from here."
"Please don't break up de game jist
now, mister," pleaded the business
like urchin with the muffler about his
neck. "Dere's only one kid wot ain't
broke!"-Chicago Tri~une.
To Put It Differently.
She--Vcll. there's no accounting for
tastes. I suppose he just got stucl on
her and malnrried.
Hle-Now, I should say he married
her and got stuck. --Brooklyn Life.
A Post-Nuptial Discovery.
"Why don't you want me to call you
'dear'? "
"Because it makes me feel so cheap."'
-Puck.
-Crusty Old Gentleman-"Your sing
ing, Miss Taylor, is like attar of roses--'
Miss Taylor (with a gratified smile)
"Oh, you are too flattering." Old Gen
tleman (continuing)-"A little of it
goes a very long way."-Tit-Bits.
-"I don't suppose this business de
pression affects you tramps much," said
the philanthropist. "Yes,'it does." re
torted the tramp. "'The quality of the
food wse get tlhe* days is somethin'
awful.' ~-Brooklyn Life.
-"Young Splurger used to be quite
a hand at drawing before he went to
college." "He is yet." "WVhat does he
draw on most, architectural plans?"
"Nope; on his father."-Buffalo Cour
ier.
-lIe who listens well learns welL-
Rest Islander.
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Spice Cake: One cup sugar, same of "
molasses, same of butter, same of milk,
tour cups of flour, two eggs, one tea
spoonful of soda, one teaspoonfu' ofti
cinnamon and cloves mixed.-Ohio
Farmer.
-Spice Cake: One and one-half cups
fiugar, one-hiaf cup butter, one-half
drip sour milk, two cups chopped raisins. g
three eggs, one-half nutmeg, one tea
spoonful cinnamon, one teaspoonful
cloves, one-half teaspoonful soda.
Flour enough for rather stiff batter.
Bake in loaf tins in moderate oven.
fetroit Free Press.
---Bread and Apple Pudding: Heat
three cupfuls of apple sauce, stir into
it two tableppoonfuls of butter, one
cupful of sugar and one egg. well
beaten. Butter a pudding dish, sprinkle
the bottom and sides with bread crumbs.
lie careful that the sides are thorough
ly covered with them. Pour the sauce
into the dish: strew crumbs over the
top, and bake to a good brown. Use
one cupful of crumbs in all. Invert
the dish over a hot plate, and the
pudding will come out whole. Sprinkle
it with powdered sugar and eat with
butter and sugar.-Home Queen.
-Where paper is used upon the
walls the design ought to be extremely
conventionalized and not too dark in
color. If the hall is narrow the figure
should not be large. Nothing dwarfs a
wall more than a huge design. It may
be well covered with metallic tints
uipon. and over a dado of wood-fiber.
Copper and olive or sage green are
good combinations. Bright greens,
these containing the poison of aniline
dyes from which there has resulted so
much lingering, obscure suffering,
should be used nowhere about the
dwelling.
-Boiled Ham: Wash and scrub care
fully in cold water, soak for twenty
four hours in cold water and wipe dry.
Simmer in a porcelain-lined kettle for
fifteen minutes to the pound, more
than covering with water. Allow it to
cool in the liquor in which it was
boiled. Then remove the skin careful
ly, brush the top with beaten egg.
sprinkle with dried breadcrumbs and
place in the o-en, basting with the
liquor remaining until it is brown.
Boiled ham should be garnished with
parsley, and may further be adorned
with a white paper frill.-Ladies' Home
Journal.
-Lima Beans: SmAk dried Lima
beans in wateruntil tCy swell to their
natural size. Pour the water from them
and put them in your saucepan with as
-small a quantity of boiling water as
you can supply without fear of their
burning. Let them simmer slowly for
about three-quarters of an hour, then
remove the lid and let the water boil -
away from them, watching closely to
see that they do not burn. Add butter,
salt and pepper and a little sweet
cream, and send to the table very hot.
Dried Lima beams prepared carefully
in this way are almost equal to fresh
ones.-Prairie Farmer.
SATIN ALL THE RAGE.
French Combination In Black and White
of This Fabric.
Satin is to be the great material for
wear this winter. It is a fa::-ic which,
to some complexions, is as I :coming ae
velvet. The great difficulty with it is
that it has a fashion of wrinkling be
tween the seams in a very ugly manner,
which can only be avoided by the great
est care in making. When smoothly
fitted and well cut there is nothing
that can show off the beauty of a figmur
so well, and it has not the thickne.
and bulkiness of velvet.
It comes this year in every grade
and, of course, at every price. In -i
letter recently received from Paris, S
was told that black and white was to
be the rage for some time to come, and
a gown was described to me as having;
been worn at the Grand Prix which,
while startling, was said to be becom
ing and exceedingly chic.
The skirt was of heavy black satin,
made long, plain and full. The waist
was plain and buttoned up to the back.
Over it was worn a tight. plain, deep
Velasquez collar and cuffs of the old
fashioned point. Around the waist
was tied a broad, white satin sash.
which fell to the very hem of the skirt.
The hat was of black straw, very
large, and trimmed heavily with black
feathers. W\hite gloves, stitched with
black, finished an extremely swell cos
tume, but one which it would not be
wise for the generality of women toat
tempt.-Vogue.
School Dresses.
For girls of six to fourteen years to
wear at school are simple dresses o
mixed cheviots with serpentine mohair
braid trimming, and entirely without
silk. They are of red woven with black,
bluc with green or brown with blue
wool, made with around yoke. to which
is gathered a full waist finished with a
pointed girdle. Black braid extends
down the yoke from the collar, and the
yoke is edged with a shaped bertha
trimmed with braid and falling over
leg-o'-mutton sleeves. The collar and
belt are covered with rows of braid.
The fitted silesia lining has from three
to five whalebones in the larger sizes.
The skirt is nearly three yards h'ide,
and is simply hemmed. Other dresses
of sacking ormixed cheviot have jacket
fronts to round waists, with full silk
vests and revers. Better dresses of blue
or green serge or fancy woolens have a
circular collarette, and two frills at
the top of the sleeves trimmed with
satin baby-ribbon of lighter shade, or
of contrasting color, or else of black.
Harper's Bazar.
Tea aMuffns.
Two scant measuring cupfuls of
flour, three tablespoonfuls of baking
powder, salt and one tablespoonful of
sugar. Stir these together and add one
cupful of milk, stirring round and
round. Lastly, add two tablespoonfuls
of melted lard and butter. About one
round tablespoonful will make two
when melted. Put intoegem pans, have
the oven enot too hot at first, and in
3rease the heat as they bake. take
about twenty-five minutes.-Philadel
" phia Pres.
EVEN WITH THE JUDGE.
An Engliah Newspaper Man Who Proed
Now Lacking in Nterve.
Even the imperturbable American
"newspaper man" could not surpass
the sang froid displayed recently by a
well-known London journalist.
This gentleman was cited t4 appear
as a witness in a case and waited until
his patience was exhausted, when he
I called out to a friend, who was also in
the ante-chamber, that if he were not
summoned within five minutes he
should go away.
This was overheard by the judge of
the court, who happened to be passing
during a temporary adjournment. Ad
dressing the journalist in a passion of
offended dignity, he said:
"'You will stay herqas long as I see
fit to keep you. You Ippear to be ig
norant of the power of the law. Are
yiiitaware that if I "ere to summon
Prince George to appear before me to
morrow and he refused, I could have
him arrested?"
With the most innocent air in the
world, the journalist replied: "If I
I were you, sir, I would not arrest such
an important personage, who, in ad
dition to being heir presumptive to
the throne of England, is also the
duke of York, and occupies a high
position in the navy."
"You don't understand me," said the
judge, impatiently. "I said if I chose
I-.,
"Of course you will do as you please
in the matter," said the other phleg
Inatically, "but to arrest Prince George
is a serious matter."
"I never had the least intention-"
"And besides," continued the Jour
inalist, "there will be trouble when his
royal highness the prince of Wales
learns that you intend to arrest his
eldest son."
"0, stupid!" cried judge.
"'llowever, that is your owvn affair,"
went on this diabolical journalist. "I
am much obliged to you for telling me
of your intentions. As soon as I am
free I shall hurry to the office with the
! exclusive news that Prince George is to
be arrested to-morrow-it is to-morrow
you intend arresting him, is it not?"
I ut the judge had heard enough. In
despair he turned on his heel, and call
ing out "idiot! imbecile!" fled, leaving
a the journalist standing with a sardonic
I smile on his lips.-Boston Globe.
WILD ASIATICS.
Habits of the Golok Tribes Who Are Mach
Feared by All.
The country of this people extends
in Thibet, from that point southward
as far as a high range of mountains
running from east to west, and is
watered by the Yellow river. It is
treeless and very hilly: but the pas
turage is fairly good in the valleys
and on the lower slopes of the moun
tains, which, even in September, show
a clearly-marked snow line. The
Goloks are shorter and slighter in
stature than the Mongols, and have
higher check bones and rounder faces.
Tile men wear their hair long and
hanging down to their shoulders;
their sheep skins are drawn up by the
girdle. formning a kind of kilt below the
wvaisttnd a large pouch above, in which
they always carry their wooden ten
bowls, called po-pa. and many other
things. when on a journey.
SThe boots are of leather, with skin
soles and cloth leggins bound below
the knees (which are left bare like a
Scotch lHighlandcr's) by a long woven
garter of various bright-colored wools.
The hats. made of the fur of foxes.
I sheep skins or felt, are of many pecul
I ar shapes. The dress of the women is
like that of the men: but the sheep
skin gowns reach to their ankles. Their
I hair is in two plaits, hanging down
I their hacks, and inclosed at the ends in
:a sheath of cloth ornamented with
I round pieces of amber and aowrie
[ shells, which they buy from the Chi
nese. ITong earrings of silver and corml
hang from both ears; the men limit
themselves to one very massive piece of
jewelry in the right car.
t The tents, utterly unlike those of
the Mongols, are made of woven black
cloth of the coarse hair of the yak, the
- Thibetan ox. They are about forty
1 feet by twenty, and are supported by
one small ibeamn on two poles inside
and by several props outside. The
v ropes are made of the hair of the yak's
c tail. These Golok tribes are the most
1 notorious brigands in 'I'hibet. They
iare feared both by travelers and by
other nomadic people like themselves,
t and they acknowledge neither Thibetan
nor Ch inese sway. Pouring forth upon
their preconcerted forays in numbers
varying froim five hundred totwothou
3 sand, they fall upon the tribes in the
-given disttict, and, surrounding them
r close on all sides, carry off as booty
t cattle, horses, sheep, tents and fire
narnms.-National Review.
1 --Vanderinfg \Villic-"There is some
Sthin' in tliat doctrine bout castin' yer
s bread on tihe waters." Tottcrpg Tom
S-"I'roceed:" \Wandering Willie
"r Vhy, a cove asked me to hold his coat
r while he fixed his horse's hoofs, and I
I held the coat. Now the coat holds me
See?"'--Boston Transcript.
-~irs. WVickwire-"The idea! Here is
Sa story in a paper about a woman suing
Sfor ten thousand dollars for the loss of
tonly a thumb." ,Mr. WVickwire--"Per
chaps it was the thumb she kept her
Shusband under."--Indianapolis Jour
a nal.
-The English sovereign's sons and
Sgra ndsons, when created peers, are en
titled to seats in thIe house of lords at
the left of the throne, but when, by the
death of their father, they become only
collaterally related to the sovereign
I they sit among the dukes.
S--I have no wife or children, good or
Sbad. to provide for; a mere speculator
of other men's fortunes and adventures,
Sand how they play *their parts; which,
methink., are diversely proeited unto
Sme, as from a common theater of scene
--l;nurton.
S-Cambridge. Mass., has three pas
tors who have held their present
charges for twenty-five years.
,SCHOOL AND CHURGCH.
-Achools at Oxford were established
by Alfred the Great about 879.
-National grants in aiid of educa-.
were first made in the United Statesin
1803.
-Schools of commerce, business col
leges, have existed in Europe for -over
two hundred years.
-The church of England has organ
ized a society for the promotion of
kindns sto animals. A
--T re are sixty-five Blaptist
churches on Long Island, with a total
membership of 17,000, and property t
valued at $2,000,000.
-The American Unitarian Assoeia. t
tion and many benevolent institutions r
in Boston have received considerable
amounts of money from the estate, of t
the late Annie A3. Sweetser.
-The use of the magic lantern has r
become so general in England that-a c
Methodist Lantern union has been t
formed for the loaning or interchange I
of slides for missionary, scientific, evan
gelistic andi other purposes.-Zion's j
Herald. t
-The committee selected by the Di- li
rectors of the Anmerican Unitarian as
sociation to prepare a liturgy has fin- t
ished its task, and the result appears n
in the volume just issued by the associ- e
astion--"Book of Prayer and l'raise for r
Congregational Worship." i
-The cost of a medical education, ac- }
cording to the Hospital, is, in London, t
$400 to $500 per year, for five years, plus e
$700 to $1,000 in fees, making a total of d
$2,700 to $3,500. In this city it would a
be $600 a year for three years, and $:;00
for fees as a minimum estimate.-N.' ., c1
Medical Record.
-Dr. William II. Green. senior pro- f
fessor in the Princeton Theological
seminary. has announced that students
in that institution must not play foot
ball hereafter, because "the rough andi
brutal game does not comport with the
purpose for which students are there,
and must be abolished.
-The number of church members in
Congregational churches, us printed 1
January 1, 1893:, v;as 542.7:.3. The do,
nations to the board's work for tlh,
year ending August 31, 1S93, were 4S:;.
187.78, less than an average of two cents
a week for each member. A nickel
a week from each would be nearly a t
million and a half a year. A special
donation of sixteen cents from each
member would meet the deficit with
which the current fiscal year opened.
N. Y. Observer.
'-It will be renmembered that Ml. de
Rongemont was in this country Ist I
summer with a view to tile establish
mnent in Paris of a secular journal 1
swhich should be in the interest of goodl "
I morals and P'rotestantism. This has I
been accoumplishedl. be Signal is under
the editorship of 31. Eugene Ieveil
laud, and it appears to be ancw de
parture in French journalism. \We
observe that the International congress
at. Lausanne passed a resolution cor- t
dially indorsing it.
-Prof. Thayer, of Ilarvard, expresse, (1
the opinion, touching the discovery of t
the U;ospel according to Pleter, that 1I
"brief as is the recovered fragment, it t
attests indublitably all four of our c
canonical books." ,Furthermore, -when i
Prof. Hall andi Dr. lHarris published s
articles to show that Psalmn cx. was I
written by David, they assumed the1
office of higher critics acecording to i
their lights. It is tile abuse, not the t
use, of this or any other method of y
Bible study that is to be condemned.- r
tChristian at Work. t
-During the last six months, to Sep- t
tember 1, 189:;. 175 colporteurs of the
American Tract society labored in
thirty-three states and Canada. Their
combined time equaled :;60 months of
labor: they visited 78,651 families, in
57,124 of which they engaged the per
sons in religious conversation or prlayer:l
circulated by sale and grant 5:;,090 vol
umnes of Christian literature: addressede
2,825 meetings; found t.0:;, families
destitute of all religious hoc,ks except
the Ilible, and 5,195 families without -
the Bible. They visited 11.811 Romlan
Catholic families. and found 11;.110 I'rot
estant families who rarely ever attend
evangelical preaching. -Chicago Stand
ard.
No Need.
"Sec here," exclaimed the red-hended
woman. in wrath, "if you ain't out of
this yard in ten minutes. I declare 1'11
run this umbrella down your throat
and open it."
"'There ain't a bit o' use of that.
mum," responded Dismal Dawson:
"anybody that's as dry inside as I am:
ain't needin' no umbreller in him."
Indianapolis Journal.
The Aftermath.
George-You don't seem to have en
joyed yourself at the summer resorts
this year. What was the matter?
Jack-Hadn't time to form any new
acquaintances.
"No time?" ,,
"No; I was kept bupy kissing the
babies of the girls I used to be engaged
to."-N. Y. VWeekly.
Our servants.
"How about references?" said Mrs.
Jay to the cook she was thinking of
engaging.
"Oh. I don't require any from a nice
lookin' lady like yourself," said the
cook. --Trnth.
Female PFrlendship.
Jennie (who is homely)--I wonder if
the toboggan craze will be as popular
as ever this coming winter. I hope so.
Fannie (who is pretty)-I don't wvon
der you hope so. Even very plain girls
look handsome in "a toboggan suit.
Texas Siftings.
A Hopelise Case.
Friend-Perhaps you could frighten
your wife into treating you better if
you'd threaten to commit suicide.
Mir. Henn-Peck--No ue. She'd give
me Hail Columbia if I didn't.-N. Y.
Weekly.
-"It's a very happy littl; family,
isn't it?" "0. dear, no! Her husband
is jealous of her poodle, and her poodle
is jealous of her, baby, and the bab3r
cries for it. father all the time."
Yogis.
PER )NAL AND LITERARY.
-Dr. Peters, the German explorer of
Africa, who is visiting the United '
A States, has written a letter home, a y.
of which has got into print. He say ..
that he has enjoyed greatly whet lie. 2
has seen in America, and adds: '"gUt .
it is not Europe. Ameriea kfeeps "q
culture and civilization about the mJ3 -
die of Africa and Europe."
--Dr. Robert Battey, an elderly pl1.*
sician residing in Rome, Ga., has pre=
sented to the state about one thousand
valuable medical works from his pri
vate library, asking that they be made
the nucleus of a medical reference li
brary in the state capital in Atlanta,
the state's need of which he has often
realized during his professional career.
-Prince Komatu, a near relative of
the imperial family of Japan, with his
wife, is about to begin a journey to Eu
rope to pay his respects to the various
crowned heads there. In all probabili
ty he will also visit this coufitry. The
prince is a young man, not more than
thirty years old, and an officer in the
Japanese navy. lie was formerly at
tached to the Japanese embassy in Ber
lin.
-Queen TVilhelmine of Ilolland, aged
thirteen, has a large collection of dolls,
many of which are presents from sov
ereigns. Among theln are twenty dolls
representing officers in full uniform-a
kindergarten method of teaching the
young queen to distinguish the various
military grades. The other day she
expressed a desire for twenty female
dolls "to keep these officers company,
as they were dreadfully bored."
-There is a constantly increasing
demand in this country for the oriental
sacred hooks. The Koran in cheap
form is ole of the best selling books,
and a volume of extracts from Buddha
is extremely popular. The sale of the
-Zend Avesta is restricted. because it
can not be obtained in cheap form.
The purchasers of these works are not
only clcrgymnen, but laymen. and there
seems to he an intense curiosity to,
compare the sacred books of other re
ligions with the Bible.
-New- s was brought to Seattle a few
days agoo of the birth of the first white
child in the wilderness of the Yukon
river. It was born last spring to Mrs.
P. Beaumont, wife of the keeper of a
trading post, at the outlet of the Porcu
pine river, within the Arctic circle and
almost on the eastern border of the ter-.
ritory. Mrs. Beaumont is the only
white woman that ever crossed the
('hilcat mountains and descended the
Yukon. The first unmarried white
woman to penetrate any considerable
dista;nce up the Yukon was Miss Mel'.
leI, a missionary, who took charge o1
an Indian school at Forty Mile Creshl
last spring.
-The Mystery of the Man in the
Iron Mask seems to be solved at last.
A long letter in cipher, addressed by
Louis XIV. to his minister of war, the
Marquis de Louvois, which is kept in
the archives of the moinistry at Paris,
has, after repeated futile efforts, been
deciphered, and proves to be an order
to convey Gen. de Bulonde to the;
Fortress of Pignerol, for -having raised,
the siege of Conti contrary to the king'u
orders. This happened in 1669. The
king directs that the general's face
shall be concealed under a "loun." or
black velvet mask. The revelation of
the identity is somlewhat disappoint
ing. If it was Gen. Bulonde who was
the Man of the Iron Mlask, how -dis-;
proportionate his offense seems to the -
punishment which secluded him for"
thirty-four years from all communica
tion with his kind save with his jailer.
-Springfield Republican.
HUMOROUS. -1
-Mrs. Wickwire-"Who shall decide
when doctors disagree?" nMr. WVickwire
--"The coroner, I guess."--Indianap*
its Journal.
-"I hear you are going to be mar
ried." "Tlhat is news to me." "Some
one surely told me you were engaged."
.'That's different. "-Pittsburgh Chron
icle.
--le--"She is a general favorite
among the men, I take it." Shc
"W\Vhat makes you think so?" He
"The women allseem to hate her."-N.
Y. Hlerald.
-Small Boy-"P'apa, are" tuVo heads
better than one?" Plapa-"Solmetimes,
my son." Small Boy-"Is that the rea
son they put 'em on playing cards?"
N. Y. Journal.
- Itirds of a Feather.-"So Miss
SS-mith-Brown is going to marry young
1 Cre'sus? Quite a feather in her cap,
isn't it?"" Yes, a goose feather."-De
troit Free Press.
-Some Difference.-"Do you know,
people are actually beginning to call
me an old maid?" Maude-"You mean
that you are just beginning to hear
them."' -Vogue.
-8andy- "Come with me. eGeorge,
and let us see the Widows' Home."
SGeorge--"''ot me! I salw a widow home
d once, and it cost me a cool five hundred
and costs."--Tit-Hits.
--"Don't you think Lella's corn
plexion is lovely?" said one dear girl
to another. "Yes; that's one thing
Sthat I admire about her. She always
buys the best in the market."-WVash
ington Star.
e -Artistically Handled. - "Did you.:
hear about young D'Art, the chin,
painter." "No; what is it?" ". eifas
i been served like his own china." "How
r is that?" . His wife's father fiCad hirn"
. -Detroit Free Press. ,
1--Friendleigh - "Ah, playing' the
is races again, eh? Only last week y$p
- gave me-your solemn promise to have
-nothing more to do with gmes af
chance. And here you've ,broken itl
ready." Kantquit -- "Not much. . I
n ain't. This is a game in which a :"a
if has no chance."--1. Y. Recorder ..
--Maud--"And, pa, what dId . .:
Crotchet say of my piasnopihyi.T:
Pa-"He was quite extrar i
praise. lie said you .- 
P, originality in execution
d I-remarkable.- Hie seai '~b~ -
le some of your pieces performe&b S
7' greatest masters, and not one oftlhu.
- played them. an ,yow did." -- Us
Tran~bmipt.