THE.E GAZETTE
hwesraptiohi Pricte, rt Per Year
Go and see the dolls, just receiv-:
ed at Scmulen's Racket Store.
Don't fail to see Maud Atkinson
at Falk's Opera House on the s9th
instant.
Thanksgiving day will be cele
brated in Lafayette in fitting style.
For particulars see large posters.
Since last Tuesday Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Ducote are the happy par
ents of a little girl.
Just recesved a fine lot of glass
ware, which will be sold at bottom
figures at the Racket Store.
Remember that all kinds of com
mercial printing will be promptly
and neatly done at this office.
Mr, and Mrs. Numa Domen
geaux, .of Breaux Bridge, were in
Lafayette this week.
Miss Heloise Olivier, of Du
champ, was a guest at the home of
Mrs. Eraste Mouton this week.
George Bourdier, of The Opelou
aas Clarion, was in Lafayette Tues
day and called on The Gazette.
We are requested to state Mr.
Jno. Hannen, the veteran gardner,
has sooo head of cabbage for sale.
Miss Mamie Foucher, of New
Orleans, arrived here with Miss
Ada Moss last Monday, whose guest
she will be.
Miss Emeranthe Domengeaux, a
charming young lady from Breaux
Bridge, was the guest of Miss Mar
tha Mouton Wednesday and Thurs
day.
Mrs. G. W. Scranton and daugh
ter, Miss Nita, and Mr. J. R. Do
mengeaux, of Royville, attended the
Wallace Shows Wednesday after
noon.
We are pleased to acknowledge a
visit on last Monday from Hon.
Thos. H. Lewis, District Attorney
Dubuisson and Raymond Breaux of
Opelousas.
Will Chevis, editor of the Baton
Rouge Advocate and one of the
best writers on the State press, was
in Lafayette Thursday and called
on The Gazette.
Dupre Bernard, who left a few
weeks ago to attend the Normal
School at Natchitoches, has returned
to Lafayette and is now employed
in the store of Mrs. J. J. Revillon.
Miss Nellie Bailey returned
Thursday from St. Martinville, ac
companied by her friends; Misses
Blanche Fleming, Corinne DeLa
houssaye and Marie Fournet, who
will remain in Lafayette a few days.
If you are fond of nice breakfast
bacon and sugar cured ham, get
either or both at Moss Bros. & Co's.
They sell everything in the gro
cery line and their prices are always
right.
Mr. F. V. Mouton, assistant
cashies in the Lafayette Bank, was
here Sunday and left Monday morn
ing. He was accompanied by his
amiable wife and child.-Breaux
Bridge Vally.
The pupils of the Lafayette Pub
lic School will celebrate Thanksgiv
ing next Wednesday evening. A
few appropriate exercises will be
rendered, to which friends and pa
trons are respectfully invited. Ex
ercises begin at 2:3o oclock p. m.
sharp.
Right down by the court-house at
Clegg's, you might think it out of
the way a little, but
Mr. Jno. O. Mouton has no doubt
one of the handsomest bars in the
State as well as one of the most
courteous and affable bar-keepers
in the country. It is needless to
say anything about the quality of
the goods, as that would be super
fluous in the extreme. Suffice to
say that if you want to see a pretty
bar, well and neatly kept, whether
you want to drink or not, call on
-'Mannel" and you will be cordially
received.
The State Agricultural Society
hras selected Lafayette for its next
place of meeting. This society is
composed of leading and influential
men from different sections of the
State, and Lafayette will, no doubt,
be greatly benefited by the assem
blage. The committee appointed
to look after the welfare of the so
ciety will have plenty of time to
pnrepare for their entertainment, as
the meeting does not take place un
tilJanuary next-LCrowley Creole
American.
The "Smokette" is the best 5
cent cigar on the American market
to-day. Sold at the Moss Phar
macy.
Mr. Rene R. Richard, one of our
most popular young men, left last
Vednesday for tafayette, where he
expects to permanently locate. He
was employed as druggist with Drs.
Martin Bros., which firm was subse
quently transferred to Drs. Martin
and Durio, with whom he was also
employed, and served in that ca
pacity with integrity and fidelity for
a long period. His behavior while
with them was strictly honest, so
betr and diligent, and we have no
doubt that it will be the same with
any ,in whose employ he may
be. Mtay our best wishes attend
you, Rene. -Breaux Bridge Valley.
Closing !
I desire to state with regret: that
I shall close 'my photograph gallery
,n: December ast. Anyone wishing
work sus at come before that date.
I will be in Lafayette every Satur
day until then. Please come early.
Respectfully,
J. C. HANDLEY,
Photographer.
The Cemetery.
The Gazette has so. far refrained
from saying anything about the bad
condition of the cemetery. It
should be sufficient only to call at
tention to this deplorable fact with
out commenting upon it. The fol
lowing is taken from the local col
umns of an excellent contemporary,
the Iberville South, and what is true
of the graveyard in Plaquemines is
equally true of the resting place of
the dead in Lafayette. The Gazette
has no plan to offer, but it will
simply suggest that those whose
duty it is to attend to this matter
should take the lead and make an
earnest effort to keep clean the sa
cred home of our dead. The South
says:
If any place should be sacred above an
other and kept neat and clean, the tombs re
paired when in a state of decay, that place
should be the place of the dead. The ex
pense need be but little on families if all
will take an interest in the much needed
work.
To keep the place as it should be kept,
free from weeds and briars, walks free from
grass, is a work that usually comes spon
taneously. It is an outflow of a common
humanity, not to mention that tender love
which is so dear to memory. You hang the
pictures of your dead on the walls of the
best rooms of your homes, while the place
where you left their bodies presents an un
sightly appearance. This is not mockery of
the dead; it is merely carelessness. When
you read this ask yourself, what have I done
to make the graveyard what it shonld be?
Then do at once what you have neglected to
do or don't fail to give money to pay for a
general repair of the city of the dead. Suf
fcient has been said. Let not the words on
memorial stones be longer a travasty on sor
row, "sacred to the memory."
If we were not proud of our repu
tation and good name, then the
BUCKSKIN BREECHES might
be less than the best. But we take
a personal interest in the wear of
each pair of breeches-take a pride
in having all our friends say that
every claim we make is honest,
every stitch is honest, every button
on to stay, every seam perfectly
sewed. That's our best.
Respect for Women.
When a man habitually speaks slightingly
of a woman, or women as a class, he be
trays himself in attempting to injure a wo.
man. It is related that at a public dinner
recently, at which no women were present,
a man of this ilk was called upon to respond
to the toast "Woman." He dwelt almost
entirely upon the weakness of the sex,
claiming that the best among them were lit
tle better than the worst, the difference be.
ing in their surroundings. At the conclu
sion of his speech one of the guests rose and
said: "I trust that the gentleman in the
application of his remarks refers to his own
mother and sisters and not to ours." This
answer turned his weapon against himself
with a vengeance. A celebrated author
says: "The criterion ot a man's character
is not his creed, moral, intellectual or re
ligious; it is the degree of respect that he has
for women." An eminent clergyman pays
this noble tribute: "I am more grateful to
God for the sense that came to me through
my mother and sisters of the substantial in
tegrity, purity and nobility of womanhood,
than for almost anything else in the world."
Such golden memories color the book of
life with the beauty of God.-Ez.
The old Cough remedy, DAvis' WrILD
Caanur AND TAR, has been selling in your
country on its merits. Once tried it is
found to cure the Cough, Cold, Asthma,
Bronchitis, Croup or Whooping Cough. If
you have not used it, when required, give
it a far trial and you will be convinced of
its merit. Ask for DAVIS' WILD CHERRY
AND TAR. Soc asd $l.00 per bottle.
Moss Bros. & Co.'s collection of
toys, dolls and art novelties this
season will represent all the latest
and most attractive creations in this
special line of goods. Moss Bros.
& Co. have hit the sensible plan for
offering their holiday goods each
year, at popular prices, preferring,
to not take advantage of the occa
sion to obtain fancy rates for this
class of merchandise as is commonly
done by dealers elsewhere. This
may explain the notable success this
firm has made by handling holiday
goods in Lafayette.
He--They say Clegg sells high.
She--But you always get the best
and always the full worth ofyour
money.
He-That a fact he don't give
away some things you know the
cost of and overcharge on others
no catches.
She-Then we'll go.
Thanksgiving at Mlton.
To the Lafayette Gsztee:
Please tell the people to come to
the Thanksgiving exercises at Theall
school house, Thursday evening,
Nov. 28, promptly at 6 o'clock, or
before. " Ike" and "Willie,"
"' Judge" and "Juba," all the can
didates and others, will be invited
to speak on subjects appropriate for
the occasion, and those who can't
speak may sing.
Cake, coffee and gumbo will be
served at moderate rates. Proceeds
for improvement of the school
house. Bring your families, your
sweethearts, and your friends. (Come
all. Let's have a good time, be
patriotic, be thankful.
BEN F. TOLER.
Milton, La., Nov. x4, x895.
Why suffer with Coughs, Cold and La
Grippe when Laxative Bromo Quinine wil
cure you in one day. Does not produce the
ringing in the head like Sulphate of Quinine.
Put up ii tablets conveni'nt for taking.
Guaranuteed to cure or money refunded.
Price 2z cents. For sale by Wmin. Clegg
and Moss Bros. & Co., Lafayette, Ia.
Sore Throat. Any ordinary case
may be cured in one night by ap
plying Chamberlain's Pain Balm as
directed with each bottle. 'I'his
medicine is also famous for itscures
of rheumatism, lame back and deep
seated and muscular pains. For
sale by all druggists.
PRIMARIES ORDERED.
The Demnoeratl Executive Com
mittee Meet-Four Mem-n
bers Bolt.
THURSDAY, Nov. 21, 1895.
Pursuant to call the Democratic
Parish Executive Committee met at
the court house at Lafayette this
date. Mr. J. O. Broussard, as tem
porary chairman, called the com
mittee to order and stated that the
committee should proceed to or
ganize permanently respectively.
On motion of Dr. M. L. Lyons,
duly seconded, J. O. Broussard and
D. A. Cochrane were made perma
nent chairman and secretary.
The roll-was then called. Present:
J. 0.. Broussard, D. A. Cochrane,
H. Theall, A. Labbe, Dr. M. L.
Lyons, Homer Durio, A. C. Guil
beau, D. A. Cochrane, W. B. To
rian by proxy for Numa Martin,
and F. Vincent by proxy for D. A.
Cochrane.
A. C. Guilbeau then offered a set
of resolutions, to which D. A.
Cochrane offered another set as a
substitute; upon which a discussion
arose in which Messrs. D. A. Coch
rane, W. B. Torian, Dr. M. L.
Lyons and A. C. Guilbeau partici
pated. After the reading of a doc
ument by Mr. W. B. Torian, where
in he urged why the substitute intro
duced by Mr. D. A. Cochrane
should prevail, which substitute he
anticipated would be offered, the
discussion ceased.
It was then moved by Mr. Har
rison Theall that a vote be taken on
the substitute, whereupon Mr. D. A.
Cochrane asked for a recess, which
was taken. After a few minutes of
recess the committee came to order,
whereupon Mr. D. A. Cochrane
asked to withdraw the substitute
offered by him and bolted the com
mittee, followed by 1Mr. W. B. To
rian and Mr. A. Labbe. Mr. A.
C. Guilbeau was then 'elected secre
tary of the committee instead of
Mr. D. A. Cochrane, bolting secre
tary.
7 he motion then recurred on the
adoption of the original set of reso
lutions introduced by Mr. A. C.
Guilbeau, which being duly sec
onded, the roll was called and the
vote stood as follows: Homer Durio,
yea; Harrison Theall, yea; Dr. M.
L. Lyons, yea; A. C. Guilbeau, yea;
J. O. Broussard, yea; Martin Beg
neaud by proxy to Harrison Theall,
yea. Total, yeas 6; noes, none. A
majority of the committee having
yoted for the resolutions they were
declared carried.
On motion of Dr. M. L. Lyons
four lines of Sec. 5 were stricken
out, and as amended the resolutions
were adopted. The resolutions
offerrd by Mr. Guilbeau are as fol
lows:
Be it Resolved by the Democratic
Executive Committee of IAe Parish of
Lafayette: That a white Democratic
primary be held on the 14th day of
December, 1895, for the selection,
first, of eight delegates at large in
said parish to represent this parish
in the Democratic State Convention,
to be held at Shreveport on the 18th
day of December, x895, said dele
gation to vote as a unit, and the
delegates present to cast the vote of
the parish.
2. That at said primary the can
didates for Judge of this district and
District Attorney be voted for di
rectly, the candidates receiving the
highest number of votes cast, to
have the right of selecting eight
delegates to represent this parish in
the Judicial Convention to be held
at the court house in this town on
Saturday, the 2ast day of Decem
ber, 1895, and the delegates present
to cast the vote of the parish. Up
on the designation of the said dele
gates by the candidates receiving
the highest number of votes cast, it
shall be the duty of the chairman of
this committee with the other mem
bers of the canvassing committee
hereinafter to be named, or a ma
jority of them, to approve the same
immediately, which shall be the cre
dentials of said delegates. Should
the said chairman and the members
of said canvassing committee, or a
majority of them, refuse, fail or neg
lect to give this approval, the result
of the primary as declared by the
canvassing committee, or a majority
of them, shall be the credentials of
said delegates.
3. That at said primary, candi
dates for the House of Representa
tives, Sheriff, Clerk of the District
Court, Coroner, Police Jurors, Jus
tices of the Peace and Ward Consta
bles, shall be voted for directly, the
parish officers receiving the highest
number of votes in the parish, and
the ward officers receiving the high
est number of votes in their respect
ive wards, shall be the regular nom
inees of the Democratic party.
4. That at said primary one
member shall be elected in each pre
cinct to constitute the Democratic
Executive Committee of this parish,
and one member from the parish to
the State Central Executive Com
mittee.
5- That at said election all white
Democrats entitled to vote at the
general election will be permitted to
vote at said primary.
6. That three commissioners,
hereafter to be named, shall be ap
pointed at each polling place now
estabhlished by law, who shall open
the polls at 8 a. m. on the day fixed
for the election, and shall hold the
same open until 5 p. m. When the
polls are closed the commissioners
shall proceed to count the votes cast
publicly, and in the presence of all
voters who may desire to witness the
same, and shall make returns there
of to the chairman of this commit
tee at the court lhouse, in i.afayettce,
within twenty-four hours after the
cl')sing of the polls.
7. The chairman of this com
mittee with the assistance of Numa
Martin and Dr. M. L. Lyons, shall
meet at the court house, in - the
town of Lafayette, on Monday,
Dec. x6, x895, at the hour of rx
o'clock a. m., and shall proceed im
mediately to canvass the votes so re
turned by the commissioners, and
said chairman, with said members
of the canvassing committee, or a
majority of them, shall issue creden
tials to the delegates who shall have
received the highest number of
votes to the State Convention and
to the judicial delegates in the man
ner aforesaid, and the said canvass
ing committee shall proclaim the
result of said primary election, and
those who shall have received the
highest number of votes cast for
parish and ward officers shall be the
regular nominees of the Democratic
party.
Resolved, further, that three com
missioners be appointed to each
polling place, and that in the ab
sence of one or more of the com
missioners the one or those present
will fill the vacancies with good
Democrats.
The 5th section, amended as
above stated, provided that all white
voters who have heretofore with
drawn from the Democratic party
who desire to return to the same,
and who shall pledge themselves to
support the nominees of the Demo
cratic party, shall be permitted to
vote.
Mr. Harrison Theall moved the
adoption of the following resolution:
"Whereas, Mr. W. B. Torian, proxy
of Numa Martin, having bolted this
committee, resolved, that Martin
Begnaud be appointed a member
of the canvassing committee in the
place of said Numa Martin."
On motion of Dr. M. L. Lyons
it was resolved that the member of
the canvassing committee present in
case of the absence of the others,
should issue the credentials of the
delegates and proclaim the result of
the primaries.
COMMISSIOMKrS APPOWN'RD.
Ward 6. Poll t-At H. Simoneaux's; C. C. Brown,
Fernand Broussard and H. Simoneaux.
Ward x. Poll a-At Jules Guidry's; Alfred Del
homme, Toledane Begnaud and Felix Bernard.
Ward a, Poll 3-At Ford Hoffpauir's; Jules Servat.
Jasper Spell and Frank Foreman.
Ward 8, Poll 4-At school house; John Whitting
ton. Jr., Alcide Trahan and Hervilien Blanchard.
Ward 6, Poll 5-At Guilbeau's hall; O. A. Guil
beau. Saul Broussard and Victor Couvillon.
Ward 3. Poll 6-At court-hhouse; J. E. Martin, R.
C. Greig and Sam Plonsky.
Ward 5, Poll 7-At H. Theall's warehouse; E.
Pellerin. Felicien Trahan and G. E. LcBlanc.
Ward 7,. Poll 8-At Isle Pilette school house; Eloi
Bonin, J. Aymar Labbe and J. S. Broussard.
Ward 5. Poll 9-At Farmer's Alliance Hall; Lucien
St. Julien, Louis Olivier and Andre Billaud.
Ward 3. Poll so-At bMouton's Switch; Paul Dle
Clout, Sidney Martin andJ, E. EMouton.
The committee then adjourned.
J. O. BROUSSARD,
Chairman Dem. Ex. Com.
A. C. GUILBEAU, Secretary.
At Royville.
Lafayette's advancement is gradually
dawning. Her people are desirous and
hopeful of seeing her yet the leading city of
:southwest Louisiana. Lafayette must suc
ceed. Numerous manufacturing corpora
tions are being organized-a sugary refinery
is nearing completion, waterworks are under
advisement. The latest "fact" as one or
more ice factories, that is, judging from the
active reports made by both our local papers,
The Gazette and the Advertiser. Whether
it's "ice" or "cat," we know not, but some
thing may be in a bag seeking an exit. The
Gazette says a Mr. Brown, Jr., from Cam
den, Ark., will remove his ice factory to
Lafayette. The Advertiser says a gentle
man hailing from Vernon, Texas, will also
be ready for operations in the next ninety
days. Which is which, Camden or Vernon?
We hope our wide-awake weeklies will set
us right on the question, otherwise it sounds
doubtful that ,"Mossback" is again "scored."
Hon. Judge DeBaillon, with Deputy
Sheriff Billiard, were in Royville Friday
evening.
D. Bonnemaison was in Lafayette Monday.
The match race between *'Lady" and
'"Megnonne" at Primeaux's track, Sunday,
resulted in a tie. Both mares will again try
conclusions on the same track, Sunday, De
cember 1st.
Chas. S. Yonng, with his sister, Miss
Buelah, spent Friday in Lafayette.
Mrs. Scranton and daughters were visiting
relatives in Lafayette Saturday.
Mr. Paul Kramer, of New Iberia, is a
guest of his friend, Mr. Hill.
Mr. Rodolph Leblanc had his hand
crushed at Chapuis' mill Wednesday. Dr.
Scranton attended the young man, ampu
tating the index finger.
Young Pourrier, a tenant on Judge Le
blanc's farm, accidentally discharged his
gun while hunting and received the con
tents in the palm of his left hand. The un
fortunate youth was attended by Drs. N. D.
and R. O. Young.
A little 8-year-old boy of Mr. Ulger
Romero fell from a horse last week and had
his clavicle and right arm broken in three
different places. Dr. G. W. Scranton has
charge of the case, and says the child is inm
proving nicely.
Little Miss Inide, daughter of our good
friend, Simonet Leblanc, of Abbeville, is
spending some time with her many little
cousins.
Douglas A. Cochrane, Esq., confederate
veteran, politician, and a jolly good fellow,
was in Royville Sunday.
Andre M. Martin, ex-clerk of court, was
at the races Sunday. Andre says he has
met with fair encouragement in this ward,
and that his old-time supporters are still
clinging to him.
Misses Heloise Olivier, of Duchamp, and
Rose DeBlanc, of New Iberia, attended mass
at Royville Sunday.
Constable Malagarie, of Broussard, was in
Royville Monday and Tuesday.
Born, to Mrs. O. Higginbotham, a girl.
Messrs. Albert Theall and Felix Brous
sard, of Lafayette, were in town Sunday.
Father Chabrler is now up and is enjoying
his usual good health.
Town is dull. Declining prices in cotton
is paralyzing trade. 'iThe market may fluc
tuatq as much as it pleases, but the shortage
of the crop is there, and kick or no kick,
cotton will yet be worth in New Orleans
9~Jc.
Mr. Guilhaumne Bernard, of Broussardville,
was in Royville Sunday.
Tom Mouton, deputy sheriff, passed
through town Monday.
The political warhorses are "darned"
silent. VWe presume, though, that their
"bur.king" will only start after the State
Exccutive ('omnmittce meets. Then they'll
toot Ih,'ir hr,rus. CIi EROKEt..
School Board ProceediHgus.
LAFAYETTE. La., Nov. 18, 1895.
Pursuant to call the Board of Schoof
Directors of the Parish of Lafayette met this
day in special session with the following
members present: J. O. Broussard, presi
dent; Jasper Spell, J. E. Trahan, Dr. W.
W. Lessley, A. C. Guilbeau and J. S. Whit
tington. Absent: P. A. Chiasson and D.
Bernard.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and corrected, so as to read that the
teachers are to report to this Board the
amount collected by them from the patrons
of .their schools, and how said amount is ex
pended.
Sheriff I. A. Broussard appeared before
the Board and presented his receipt, showing
that he had paid the treasurer, Wm. Clegg,
the amount of $277.72, due by him for fines,
etc., as per report of committee.
To the -on. Presi*rnt aud Membrers of the
School Board of Lafayette Parish:
The undersigned committee appointed by
your Honorable Body and the Honorable
Police Jury to confer for the purpose of de
termining what amounts as to commissions
and costs should be deducted on sums col
lected upon bonds forfeited and fines, etc.,
and what the parish treasurer should be au
thorized to accept from the sheriff, and
which the sheriff has heretofore offered to
turn over, there being a disagreement he
tween-them as to the manner of settlement,
beg leave to report: That from the statement
of the sheriff, and after a careful considera
tion of all matters connected with the duties
of your committee, we find that the sheriff
has in hand set apart to the credit of the
school board the sum of $277.72, as per
statement, after deducting amount allowed
by law thereon, and we would advise that
the treasurer be authorized to accept said
amount in full and final settlement of all
moneys due on fines, forfeited bonds, etc.,
for the public schools up to date, and to give
said sheriff a receipt in full and quietus
therefor, and that the said treasurer be and
is hereby authorized hereafter to settle with
the sheriff upon the basis presented in his
said statement so as to avoid the necessity of
appointing committees to determine manner
of settlement hereafter to be made.
ALERED HEBEaT,
A. M. MARTIN,
T. A. McFADDIN,
Police Jury Com.
. O. BROUSSARD,
•. S. WHITTINGTON,
J. E. TRAHAN,
H. C. WALLIS,
School Board Com.
On motion of Mr. Guilbeau, seconded by
Dr. Lessley, the report of the committee
was accepted, approved and the committee
discharged, and that the president be and is
hereby instructed to give Sheriff I. A. Brous
sard a quietus for fines, etc., due up to date.
On motion of Mr. Spell, seconded by Mr.
Whittington, it was ordered that the report
of the committee be given to the treasurer
for safe keeping.
On motion of Mr. Trahan, seconded by
Dr. Lessley, the following resolution was
carried:
Resolved, That the amount for fees of
Wm. B. Bailey, clerk of court, amounting to
the sum of $J;7.oo, be and are hereby ap
proved, and that the president of this body
be and is hereby instructed to draw upon
the treasurer for said amount in favor of said
clerk against the sum of $277.72, to be
turned over to the treasurer as amounts of
fines and bonds, etc., this day approved, and
that the treasurer is hereby authorized to pay
said draft from said fund-to be paid in full
whenever the fine covers the whole cost,
and the president is authorized to draw ac
cording herewith.
Dr. Lessley made a motion that unless the
monthly report of the High school showed a
daily average attendance of forty-five pupils
the services of the assistant be dispensed
with. Mr. Spell offered an amendment to
said motion making the daily average re
quired, forty, which was carried.
On motion of Mr. Whittington, seconded
by Dr. Lessley, the president and secretary
were appointed as a committee to examine
the pupils to be transferred from Mr. Grieg's
school to the High school.
On motion duly seconded, the directors of
the 2nd, 3rd, 6th and 8th wards were au
thorized to purchase stoves and make such
repairs as are absolutely necessary for their
schools.
The following account was approved: J. S.
Whittington, repairs on school house, $so.75.
J. O. BaoussARD, President.
H. E. TOLI, Secretary.
For Crowley.
Breaux Bridge Valley.
Our people will learn with the deepest re
gret of the departure of one of our ablest
physicians and most distinguished surgeons,
Dr. F. R. Martin willt leave us to make the
progressive little city of Crowley his future
home. The only reason of the doctor to
make this change is to settle in a larger
place. Beforehand, we can predict success
for him wherever he goes. With the doc
tor's abilities, his genial nature, and his
great big heart, he is sure to please the
thrifty inhabitants of (rowley and its sur
roundings.
We naturally feel proud of our self-made
home boys, especially those like Dr. Martin,
who had to start at the bottom of the ladder,
and had to fight his way up step by step.
In his boyhood days, after the disastrous re
sult of the war, he did not hesitate to enter
the cotton field and make enough money to
defray his college expenses. He graduated
in Tennessce at the age of twenty and fin
ished his medical studies in New Orleans at
the Tulane University with great honor, and
was awarded a diploma in 1885. Ever
since he has been practicing his chosen pro
fession in our midst with the greatest suc
cess, and his large practice here will deplore
his dc:parture and their best wishes will fol
low him in his new home. The doctor came
from one of the oldest families in the Atta
kapas, who was one of the early settlers of
Louisiana.
The love of the healing art seems to be a
natural one in his family. Dr. G. W. Mar
tin, of St. Landry, and Dr. G. A. Martin, of
Lafayette, two prominent physicians, are his
brothers, and still a younger brother is now
a student in dentistry in Atlanta, Ga.
Rene, we will miss you and your beloved
family, but good luck to you all. Our los
will be Crowley's gain, andi we can but con
gratulate itscitizens on their good fortune.
The Agricultural Convention.
LAFAYETTE, La., Nov. 16, 1895
The committee appointed by the Police
Jury and City Council to perfect arrange
ments for the approaching convention of the
State Agricultural Society at Lafayette, met
this day at the court house and organized by
electing Benj. Avant chairmana and R. C.
Greig secretary.
By motion it was resolved that the con
vention be held in the court house.
The following committees were nppoiutel:
Committee on Program-Dr. '-. R. iop.
kins, Dr. J. D. Trahan, W. B. Bailey, Wm.
Clegg and B. Falk.
Committee on Finance- Wnm. Clegg anl
I. A. Broussard.
Committee on Reception--Alex )elhommne,
Jasper Spell, O. C. Mouton, I)r. i. S Muddl,
Dr. N. P. Moss, P. B. Roy, A lolphe Gi
rouard, V. E. D)upuis, J. A. Labble and S.
J. Montgomet y.
Committee on Arrangements--John nahn
and J. O. Mouton.
Committee on Decoration-~MelCsrs. .
Demanadc, Frank Gardner, L. E. Mouton,
Leon Plonsky, J. O. Mouton, 'T. leburt,
Jr., J. J. Revillon and T. B. Hopkins.
The above committees are earnestly re
quested to meet promptly and take such ac
tion as they deem advisable and report to
this conunittee Dec. 14th prox.
The co-operation of all our good people is
sincerely desired to make the convention
phlesant and profitable. The dc.te of the
conlvcution has beell ticd hfor Jan. 22, 23
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETTlI
CAPITAL 5$0,000.
CROW oIRARD, Presldent. 8. R. PARKESON, OCashier.
J.C. PARKERSON, Vice Preeldent. P. V. MOUTON, Assistant Cashier.
--DIRECTORS
CROW GIRARD, J. S. SIf/TT7YNG7O.V, P. B. ROY,
C. c. BROWN,, 4.J. MOSS, J. C. PAR2ERSOPN
ALCIDE JUDICE, P. DEMt.4NADE, N. .P. MOSS.
. .. .. . .. -___
and 25, 1896, and delegates are expected from
the various parishes of the State.
The committee then adjourned to Dec.
14th prox. BhENJ. AVANr, Chairman.
RI. C. GREIG, Secretary.
Dashed to Pieces.
Times-Democrat, Nov. 17.
Mr. Locke S. Breaux, of the firm
of W. B. Thompson & Co., cotton
factors, while out driving yesterday
morning, together with his wife and
son, met with a serious accident on
St. Charles avenue. On nearing the
corner of Milan street the horse
took fright at a wheelborrow con
taining a basket of clothes, shied,
and started off down the avenue.
Mr. Breaux, not seeing an ap
proaching car, turned the horse
across the tracks. Just at the mid
dle of the crossing the vehicle was
crushed by electric car No. 73, in
charge of Motorman James Fitzger
ald, of the Carrollton line, and its
occupants were thrown violently to
the ground. Mr. Breaux was se
verely cut about the head and had
his right arm badly bruised. Mrs.
Breaux was prostrated by the shock
and escaped with a few slight bruis
es. Their son was bruised about
the body, but not seriously hurt.
The negro valet was severely cut
and bruised about the head.
Mr. Breaux, after seeing his fam
ily safely home and having his
wounds dressed, called at the office
of the railroad company ana com
pletely exonerated the motorman of
the car from the blame of the affair,
saying that the sudden move on his
part in turning the horse across the
track after he had nearly passed the
corner was the cause of the acci
dent.
the carriage was dashed into a
thousand pieces, and a curious fact
was that the boy was found under
the street car, unhurt, save a few
bruises.
Her First Appearance.
Mary Anderson de favarro in her stage career
memoirs. which wit be published in 'he Ladies'
Home Journal (the opening chapters in the Decet
ber issue), gives the public a most interesting and
entertainting view of the trials and hardships she
successfully combated in following out her conviction
that the stage presented to her the opportunity for r
splendid career. She exultantly refers to her debut
in Louisville. Kentucky. on haturday evening, No
vember a7. 1873g upon which occasion the "-tall. shy
and awkward" girl of sixteen interpreted Shakes
peare's love-lorn ..Juliet." The pertormance was
arranged upon two days' notice-time for but a sin
gle rehearsal-and the aspiring Kentucky girl was
jubilant when the theatre and a stock company
were offered her, upon condition that she play with
out pay. Her happiness,. howev-er. was not un
louded, for of the event she writes with touching
pathos: "That Thursday" (the day that her first ap
pearance was arranged) .-was one of the happiest
days of all my life, filled as it was with the brightest
hope and anticipation. Only one black cloud hung
over it: the thought of Norte and my grandparents
who were all very dear to me. Had I known then
that I would never see the face of the former. that he
would die, my mother and I far away from him. and
that almost until his death he would refuse to for
give or see me unless I abandoned the stage-life
which he thought so injurions-nay sinful-I would
even then have renounced what was within my grasp.
T his estrangement saddened many years of my
life, and has cast a shadow over all the otherwise
bright and happy memories of him who was the
father, frie and anplaymate of our childhood days."
Mrs. de Navarro evidently did not suffer trom
stage fright," the crushing terror of debutantes. for
she writes that she stood impatiently waiting for her
"cue" to go on. At last it came. "Then, in a flash.
I was on the stage. conscious only of a wail of yellow
light before me. and a burst ot prolonged applause."
The performance was filled with rather depressing
ingid-nta; one of the players forgot his lines and had
to be prompted by the youthful star: 'nlomno"
neglected to bring his dagger. and .Juliet" had to
perform her dispatch with a hairpin, while the lamp
that hung in "'[uliet's" tomb, fell and badly burnel
her hands and arms. '-Despite of these." she write,.
S'the night was a success, and I knew that my stage
career had begun in earnest."-The Ladies' Home
Journal, Philadelphia.
Miss Wilkins' New -"Types."
Mary E. Wilkins has done something
new in the piece of work jttst completed and
given by her to The Ladies' Home Journal
for publication. It is a series of "Neighbor
hood Types." The -'types" are the most
unique characters, and arc fourl in a sup
posed New England village; to the por
trayal of each "type" Miss Wilkins devotes
a separate sketch. Thus she pictures a
striking male character i ttThe Wise Man
of the Village;" one of the most natural of
children in ",The Village Runaway"; a fa
miliar figure in "The Neat Womtan of th
Town," with three other characters eqtally
distinct. There are six "types," and all
are illustrated.
FOR SALE!
Attention Home Seekers and
Investors.
A chance of your life time to secure an
ideal home and profitable farits. Also the
BEAUSEJOUR Springs and Park situated
on the banks of the beautiful Bayou Vermnil
ion. A large commodious country rsildence
with TWO HUNDRED ARi'ENTS of
Excellent land. Soil very hest for cultiva
tion of Sugar cane, corn, cotton, etc. One
mile from the Town of Lafayette; half milr
from Sugar lRecfinery. Apply at store trf
MOUTON BROS.
U. S. MarshalS's Sale.,
United States Circutt Court \Vest
era District of Louisiana.
Wm. Mi. Loree et als. vs. Teche
R. R. & Stgar Co. Itd.--..John
'1'urls' Sons Intcrvenors-
Number t 30o
By virtue of a vrit of r'i Fi issutrt h.y Ihe
lIon. United Statts Circitit Court for t!he
\Vos:trn l)i'trict of t.tlsisiana anld in th-':
above entitled and nlumbered suit I haveI
s-ized andl taken into my possession the fol
lowing described proiperty to-wit:
Two hundred and thirty sugar wagons en
the HIuron plartation in the parish of St.
Martins. L.a.. cnd will sell at pthlic outcry,
to the last and highest bid-lr, the abo'e de
scribed property, at the front door of the
sttre house, on said plantation, betweet the
legal hours for such sales, ott onturday.
November 30, 1895.
Teris of sale cash. Subject to apprais
ment. JAS. M. MARTIN,
U. S. Marshal Western District, Louisiana.
Nov. s6, S895.
Remember that we do all kinds
of job printing.
Succession Sale.
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette.-Succession of Dr. Fe
lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
rith Judicial District Court--No.
2so5.
By virtue of an -order issued out of the
17th Judicial District Court of Louisiana in
and for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date November 7, 895, I am authorized
and commissioned to sell at public auction
at the front door of the court-house, in the
town of Lafayette, La., on the
14th day of December, 1895,
to the last and highest bidder, the following
described property, belonging to said above
named Succession, to-wit:
One certain tract of prarie land situated in
the parish of Lafayette, Carencro, on the
west bank of Bayou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 5OLo00 arpents, more or less,
bounded north by Pierre Prejean, Horace
Martin and others; south by Roche Mouton
and F. Dupuis, east by Bayou Vermilion
and west by property of Ernest Bernard,
and Alexander and Leonard Latiolais.
Terms and Conditions:-This property
will oe sold as follows: One-third cash;
one-third in one year from day of sale, and
one-third in two years from day of sale;
deferred payments to be secured by mort
gage, with vendor's privilege, and to bear
eight per cent per annum interest from day
of sale, together with to per cent additional
for costs of collection, should said notes be
placed in the hands of an attorney for collec
tion: Purchaser to execute his two notes
for the deferred payments.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
Nov. 9, 1895.
Public Sale.
Succession of Ursin Cormier-Par
ish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an
order issued by the Honorable, the 17th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louisi
ana, holding session in and for the Parish of
Lafayette, dated the 8th day of November,
and by virtue also out of a commission issued
out of said court, based upon said order, and
directed to me, the undersigned administra
tor, I will sell, at public auction, to the high
est bidder, for cash, at the last residence of
deceased, Ursin Cormicr, in said parish, be
tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, December 21, 1895,
the following described property to-wit:
One certain tract of one hundred an@d'fty
arpents prairie land ([more or less, bounded
north by Maxile Prejean, south by land of
Laperle Cormier, east by rand of FerdI
nand Breaux, west by land of Serigne Babi
neaux.
One dwelling house, one corn crib, one
small shed and chicken coop, one other old
shed, one corn crib, one cabin, one other
cabin, one wagon, one lot of plows, one lot
of harness, one lot of old fencing and wire
fencing, one lot of hogs, three cows and
calves, one pair of beeves, one two-year-old
bull, five creole horses, one American horse;
the undivided interest in growing cotton
crop; the undivided interest tio growing corn
crop; the undivided interest in growing rice
crop; the undivided interest in growing sweet
potato crop.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land on east bank of Bayou Vermilion (one
eighth), bounded north by Babineaux tract,
south by Antoine Claud.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land near Bayou Vermilion, on east bank,
(one-eighth), bounded north by Babineauz
tract, south by St. Clair Kilchrist, east by
west by land of Louis Lebert.
Also lot of kitchen and household furni
ture, notes, etc. CONSTAN'r LEGER,
Nov. 16, 1895. Administrator.
Public Sale.
Succession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issued by the Honorable the g7th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louis
iana, holding session in and for the Parish
of Lafayette, dated the--day of October.
A. ID. 1S95, and by virtue also out of a com
mission issued nut of said court, based upon
said order and directed to me, the under
signed clerk of court and ex-officio adminis
trator, I will sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, on
Saturday, Decetmlher 14,1895,
between the legal hour.; of ::ale, in the town
of Lafayette, said parish, the following de
scribed property belongiing to said succession,
to-wit:
One certain lot of ground, in Mouton's
Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette,
La., with all the builings and improve
ments thereon, bounded north by lot No.
307, south by Jackson street, east by lot No.
319 and west by lot No. 32i.
W. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court
And Ex-Otlicio Administrator.
NoN,. 9, IS95.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the Ist day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
$i5 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
$1o to the one making next greatest nunm
bcr of points.
Vatlue of different heads are to be counted
by points, as felloss.
POSNTS PlOINTS
lar.ce nlawk ....... 5 \Wild cat.............-£5
nSmall hawk .........t5 Coon.....................S
Owl .... ..... 5 Opossum ............. Oposum ..
lMi,k ..... ..... 5 easel.............. e el - .. 15
Sku rk ........... .. Fox......................-
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mnals to he delivered to Wm. Clegg who will
give receipt for polints, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred pointa,
F. F. ,YLES.
LOST-From Gen. F. F. Myles' place, a
mile south of Lafayette, a setter bird dg.
black, white and tan. Has been lost severtl
days. Liberal reward lor her recovery.
For Sale.
Three good lots for business
stands. On Lincoln aveue, op
nosite Parkerson park. lApply tO
SMut. M. G.bmass-.
i- ,., -