tr-.the aAe.
cthat cures every
r e worst Scrofula
t a, qver eleven hundred
er failed. xc tlntwo cases
~ asnow in his
-w 'ithin twnty miles of
et: ard for book.
i thrfect cure Is warranted
ortis taken. Sroful
r)ke .needles passing
esame w!th the miler or
ca sed the ducts be
apeirfectwaue is warpranted
taltay is taken. n
it Read the label.
ma ' foil or bilious it will
at first.
af e necessary. Eat
-can t, and enough of it.
fi .iwater at bed
I-R .
TOUR
SAST.
IMAES.
nIa
t13inutC.
i 3 £ mM
-S.:
he. will r-mer ifroma
the Qaosesqehl (mayentrs
to the deombipth a whati
ate laid. uts ad the Anglo
r hWi r enda projected new
for think seasn, and the Comn
eope -have . lrseady liag
theirs. This, will diaer fromad
*ler mer in se. l particulars.
o ppe ior etius of different
Sto the same from end to end; bt twhich
size of the steel proteaid. n wies the
thkness of te bernt be
tween the gutta-perchs and steel, and
the amount of external sheathirength
erence betwr been the ned there be
tion guard against iebater weight of cos anpp
other perils introduee Thls mwaters.i
possible to work the wire more rapid
ly. The Ang, loAmerlean will also have
heavier core, and its propried gtors are
peraidtoh covering for insulathe tion
DREP SEA. AND SEOBE END CABLES-".
or the same from end t end; but the
sizwen of the steel protecting wirens, the
thickness of jute fiber interposed be
tween the guntta-peret)ha and steel, and
the amount of external sheathing
vary greatly. Another point of dif
ference between the new Commercial
cable and the other ten now in opera
tpeon ised t that nsmigreater weight of copper
per mile. This ins throduce ored. This emaketbl
possible tohe work the wire more rapis d
ly. The Anglo-American will also have
a heavier core, and its tance oprietors ae o
said to have predicted that the in
crease in speed will be from eighteen
words (their present rate) to about
twenty-seven per minute. Owing, how
ever, to the methods of construction
(one wih the maken sne Mesr wound abouSiemens,
keep a profound secret) -t"te inductive
capacity of the Commercial corble is
lower than that of the new Anglo
American, and hence the former thes ex
pected to transmit thirty-one words a
ternalte. This is the cmore remaronidle
because the Commercial line is 2,900
miles long and the Anglo-Ameriecan
only 1,800; and distance is a increase of
retardation in operating a cabide. In
cidentally. it is worth noting that the
Commercial company use a core com
posed of twelve copper wir of the arge
one with eleven fine ones wound about
it. Insomeother cables the core has
fewer of theollo srronding wireord of The
larger number possesses a double ad
vantage; it reduces the depth of core
rugation and hence lessens the ex
ternal surfacN The of the core,d was onbtidred
as a whole, which electricians declare a
merit in a conducls tor; and it increases
the chances of something being left to
carry the current, in case an accident
partialLy severs the copper.
SUBTERRANEAN HEAT.
A Rteeord of Temperatures ef the Earth
st Different Depth.
the following is a record of the tem
peratur les of the earth at different
depths, from 100 to 2,100 feet, as taken
at the great Foreman shaft, Virginia
City, Nev. The record was obtained
by draling holes out into theen suidges otef
that in the and inser-ting a erti A
tuZambra slow-actinglly dees thermwo degrees into
the drill-hescent ofle ahund leaving Id feet (asthere forw
not levels),s than 12 horrs:
cha r of the rook in wehich the re
corUng r trament was inserted--one
even. Tetag of-thnestone pormateonm the
ther e.f old, black trap Dgrek.s
lo0 epbl0............. s- --
SN)-------------··-------------------sita1
.............. s...
r..............w I le- -.---.--0 You
---- ------- --- - - ,---.., .la0n
'~-·--------- ----75 I,90- --106
lash w~ideid '"7-1000the 01' anrem
skilel Fa ei. Thed pstrip spigral  t
D-i,00eth i of qnre, but no measu..
strip wh the p s th of temphe ntshese,
paineh sa erene in theld as secret by
the stop makes · di~erence tti h ttea-ru
The vsalue of these spronses, whenng t
faeve whichw is not generalye. A now
Their minisoture requiri es a ide
skthn and ears. T hrip times the value
-1,000 the same of wei inh, peold. e -
tug lnstrouzeslN has as yet bees-devised -
airsprble ofine enough gaugoneg-tw de
tehfine before hand by the size of. the
strip what the strength of the flnished
spring-will be. A UO-1,OOOths part of
an-inch difference in the" thickness-of
the Stop makes a difference in the run
ning of the watch of about six minutes'
wire hweighs less hour. hlf
The valune of thes springs,when
niheverd ,sen. pced in minatches, is
0,000 he material
from which they s made. A com
pmake 197,1,rison will givegood ideon eer
A ton ofrder teht wel may be up into hair
springs when in watches is worth more
than twelve and a hal times the vlabor lue
of the same weighese t iny works, let us old.
Hmake air perting wiresnt omigh one-twent
with 6-foot a grdrin to inwh One mile
wire weighs le run until than halfa pouiven nd.
the bame numbe giof revolutive ibs thaton
every seored distanery minequte 18,00te
every hour,.43e0 every day and 157,-.
y h80,000 eveomplete ruts of the ertar
All each vibration t revolves about othe
one and one-fourth times, which
make 197,10ntion0,000 revolntiones every
year.
tn order that we may better Moon.der
stand the stupendous amount of labor
perfomed by thema tiny works, let us
make a pertinent comparison.
Take, for illustretion, a locomotive
with 6-foot driving wheels Let itsre
wheels be run until they have given I
the same number of revolutions that a
wateh does in one yeawoulr and they will
have covered a distance equal to twen
ty-eight lomplete ciracuits of the earth
All this a watch does without othey
attention than winding once every
twenty-four hours.-New Moon.
FASTENING FOR DOORS.
to one sible mpr the othernt of ere and
Castches fer Cartels vaes.
Dr. H. M. Shaw, of Genoa, N. Y., a
dentist for many years, but also a
pattern-maker and a mt in either of some me
chslanicing positingenuity, has indicted y ggested aull
slinebstitute for the ordinrythe dnoband
laich for such doors as do not. require
locking. Upon the edge of the door
itself he would place, at the proper
height, merely asmall metal or wooden
projection. Opposite thereto, inare
ees in the jawindb, he would put a small
upright lever, pivoted, as shown in our
diagram, and having a notcmb-h cat in theus
roIt wunoued apper end. To the lowerend
is attahed a stiffh, witsprinhoutg, whose np
ward pressure tends to throw the lever
to one side or the other of a perpendc
nlar, and to hold it in either of the two
slanting positions indicaf the seenteend by the fnll
lines and dotted lines of the diagram.
In opening and closing the doer, the
projection would engage the notch in
the lever. Dr. Shaw believes that this
plan would keep the door from in ratting
inae the wind, and make it fit more
snugdetaly against the ol "mb-csing, wethus
testeclr" ding flies, ants pparatnd drafts of ir.
Swould also nvolve less arpenter
rk. Adot or tsastened eod be
itlopened wity th a pnsh, withotfe rning a
known.b or lifting a exposin. silkY. TwrmeRe.
Ltto temerture rof hSr demees below.
the ero of Alexshreni, who lived abotr
to oloiyears wasbefore Christ. is said to have
"weathey hadr tester" used for meain ring
and that of the atmosphere, w\hiF wa
of the opetning of the eanteenth cen
tury. Aboutethedate lst mentioned
,'iii88~aa888~dlbojis l
besth
ewh a.h -his he is osat a
_liT Chi w iar . ase
osenih of . began their en
aea hment h. naturally strong con
ishitiaton. Aw agoa Kentucky gen
rporter cll Mdge Rico, who in the
tfolAowinag u wsx t the ibotdiy of trhe
whicauses that leh - his retirement. "Iat is
of rbeumstasm, altt first, but soon -do-.
reloping St. 58$til rheumatism, which
beganirsthe withi aute hootlin pains in the
hips, g m ma alleontaedin townward to an,
feet.
ituty on. dition bew amgs bad that I even
roc1rter aale power of my legs, and then
the ler, kirdneys ad blader and ry fact,he
my wbole system, becaeo deranged. tried
the treat of mahty physiciansir , but soon -d
vetlng no lasting be rohematism, I had
reoiurs to lpatet remehoo trying one kind the
aft eranother onI believe there were none
dly nt sampled. my legsand the
"In 188er, attended by mer ason Joh fact,I
went to Hot Springs, Ark. I was not much
be wholeted by some monts-stay there when I tried
Stretrned home. My liver was actually
rcouqj, anto patd t rsisten tryninits region
ene on the rack il theli tithere were none 9
was ad otipnted iritJUde, but it was
"nes. In n8, , I wet to the lJohurian
Bprings, Wankesha, Wis. I stayed there
some time, bt withounths- stay thprovement.
"Ag1ain re-erned hoome, this timeactua feelingly
no hopes of recovery. The muscles of my
limbs woereoe now educe b atrophy to mere
strings. atie pains ortred stayed terribly,
but it was the disordered condition of my
liver thatiwas I felt gradually wearing my
life away. Doctors gav e up, all kinds of
remedies had been tried without avail, and
there was nothing more for me to do but re
sign myself to fate.
"I lingered on in this condition sustained
almost entirely by stimulants until April,
188. One day John saw an account of
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pate People
in the Kentucky Post. This was something
new, and as one more drug after so many
others could not Ado so much harm, John
prevailed upon me to try the Pink Pills. It
was, I think, in the first week in May the
pills arrived. I remember I was not ex
pected to live for more than three or four
days at the time. The effect of the Pills,
however, was marvelous and I could soon
eat heartily, a thing I had not done for years.
Theliver began almost instantaneously to
perform its functions, and-has-done so ever
since Without doubt the pills saved my
life and while I do not crave notorietyl
cannot refuse to testify to their worth.
The reporter called upon Mr. Hughes, the
Lou sa druggst, who infornihd him that
Dr. Williams Pink Pills have been very
populr, since Judge Rice used them with
such benefit. He mentioned several who
have found relief in their use.
An analesis of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People shows that they contain,
In a condensed form all the elements neces
sary to give new life and richness to the
blood and restore shattered nerves Theyare
an unailing specific for such diseases asloco
motor steaxs, partial paralysis, St. Vitus'
dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, ner
voup headahe, the after effects of lagrippe,
plption Loo thea rt pale and sallow
amplexions, all forms of weakness eitherin
m e or tifemale, and ae diseases resulting
romm vitiated humors in the blood. Dr.
Willdams' Pink Pills are sold by nil dealers,
or wil be sent post paid on receipt of price,
(0 cents a box, or a boxes for e2.80-they
are never sold in bulk or by the 100) b.V ad
i sg Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Sche.
NEWS NOTES FROM EUROPE.
Nszaon's old battle ship, the Fon
droyant, is being exhibited at various
ports in Great Britain. It is said that
every timber of the old ship is as sound
to-day an when she was launched, a
hundred years ago.
Ix the annual parade of truck horses
held in London recently there were
two gigantle horses, each measuring
eighteen hands-that is, standing
just si feet high at the shoulders
and weighing at least a ton.
Tun British royal commission to the
World's Columbian exposition says in
its oMeiial report that the exhibition
was by 'far-the most magnificent ever
held, and that it was not appreciated
in Europe at its proper value.
ASutm oeB TaoMr s, the composer of
"Mig4non," was decorated with the
grand cross of the legion of honor by
President Carnot a few weeks ago.
This is the highest honor France can
give, and no mudeaan has hitherto at
tained to it.
ALTvuove Queen Victoria rules over
an empire that embraces possesionr in"
every part of the world she has never
trsveled outside of Europe, and even
there her trips have been short ones
in France, HoHain, Germany and
Italy only._ _
Knoehed Out of Time
By that able blood depurent, Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, the yeung int, rheuma
ism, withdraws beaten. n maturity it is
harder-o conquer. -ttac~r it at the start
-with Hostetter's Stomatch Bitters, and save
-yonra f years of agony and constant dan
feo; r this malady, - is -always liable to at.
takthe heart. Potent in marlari d.spep-.
_Lovra-,, mere yo, Herr Meyer, I•can
Iyvu withodtayo u ghtrert." Herf
SForty-ght i x maps deerbes
ifty tors, coarioinr tLhee-to thirty_ dol
lars Acopywill beseat fee, postpaid, to
n'ew isa.competantp' Mrs.
. ... - veOi  or.
, '. ithew.
spria . Thesittl f qeg_ i -
just as thes are= i ImeirlS .,
spring. Thee i a arerp ally
-noticeable iwhen tiessen i 14
backward, as has beenth the
last two years.-If ii der
by them in the- orchard.
such seasons. as under favorable con
ditionasfor plant growththe buds na
fold too rapidly .tobe cheked. by any
influence these lice are likely :-to have
on them. -By thelthird week from the'
time the eggs begin to hatch, t6ase
lice begin to 'acquire wiags and then,
abandon the trees and go to .the
grasses and probably some of the com-.
mon weeds.
Of the three prineipal species of Aph.
ides affecting our smaller cereals,
this species occupies an anomalous and
at the same time important position.
In point of numbers it is greatly in ad
vance of Toxoptera graminum, and,
usually, of Siphonophora arens., and
its effects on young wheat during the
fall is if anytling- more serious than
either of the otheris, Apeelally if the
land be poor and the weather be dry.
So far as any own observations.go, it is
more detrimental to. the wheat than to
the apple. The ooeurrenc of:the eggs
on the twigs of apple during winter,
and the appearanee of the young on
the first tender buds and- leaves in the
spring, a'e familiar to All hortieultur.
ists. I have several tifmes made the
attempt to colonize the species o,
wheat plants, with individuals taken
from the apple, but was never able to
thoroughly succeed in this until this
year, when a seriesof experiments was
begun in the insectary which swept
away any previous doubts on the su)b
ject of migrations.
Remedies.-There is some uncertain
ty regarding the efficiency of kerosene
emulsion in destroying the eggs of this
pest on the apple tree, without also in
juring the tree itself. It seems quite
probable that comparatively few of the
eggs hatch, and, if taken in time, the
young can be killed on the buds and very
young leaves by the use of this insec ti
cide. It is, however, doubtful if this
would materially affect the numbers
on-the wheat several months later. I
know of no way of reaching them in
the wheat fields with topical applica
tions. A rich soil, with that manage
ment that will best facilitate a vigor
ouns growth of the young wheat plants
will come as near solving the problem
of protection against the effect of these
insects as anything now known.
Natural Enemies.-This pest has its
full share of these. Some rather in
definite observations of mine lead me
to suspect that at least two very
APPLE PLANT LOSE.
minute insects destroy the eggs. These
are Gonotocerns brunneus Ashmead,
MS and Cosmocema citripes. From
the lice themselves I have reared
similar but smaller parasites as fol
lows: Pachyneuron micans Howard,
and Lysiphlebus tritici Ashmead, the
former attacking its host while on
grass and the latter while on young
wheat, and there are probably others.
Lady beetles destroy these lice in
great numbers, as also do the larva of
Lacewing flies. In many cases when
the lice are swarming on the trees,
small flat worms or maggots appear
among them. These maggots are
blunt at one extremity and pointed at
the other, of a greenish white color
with brown backs. They move about'
among the lice, feeding on such as
they can reach, and finally transform
to pretty yellow and brown flies,
known as Syrphus flies.
THE PEAR MIDGE.
Measures Necessary to Steep This Do
struetvre Pest In Cheek.
Bulletin No. 99 from the New Jersey
experiment station contains a report
upon the pear midge by Prof. John B.
Smith. This insect is causing a great
deal of injury in the eastern states,
and 'the bulletin will be of much as
sistance to the fruit growers of that
region and other sections where pear
growing is carried on. Under remedies
Prof. Smith gives, as a summary of
measures to be adopted, the following;
"'If an orchard is generally infested
the following practice is recommendedj
Cultivate as usual, or if the orchar4
is in grass or clover plow under after
June 15 las soon as may be. Top dress
with kainit, 1,000 pounds to the acre,
to benefit trees as well as to kill the
insects. As soon as proper, say early
in August, sow crimson elover. This
will use up the potash not required by
the fruit trees and will store nitrogen
as well as occupy the ground. Early
the following spring turn this sod
under as deeply as may be proper. It
s;ould be done before the pear buds
are developed, in order to head off and
destroy any midges then in the pupa
state near the surface of the soil. I
need hardly may that this practiee is
at the same time the best for the, bea
ft of the prehard." 4
The 5e5t-saekla Cow.
The nnisance of having aceow with
this vice is such as to make it almost
useless, and, uiles the-cow i. a good
one, it would be beitter to mka-ethe
animal into beef than to worry with it.
If the-cow, however, is worth keesaig
tin spite of this bad habit, -it sas.;%i
utrol, in this ais -" t
tea- with aotommasoit ls tl. . iha'i" a
sa rong rtrin ane _thbjbwd. datr~p
~-lhedfstte·~lydEa behindth -dosld a..
Sd. to to c..
Roal atin n ow
bread whol esom e. efr l tl
ens with, out fermentation.
ities that. are peculiar to it ao ,.
moVnA. oAmm POWDLR "0., gs WA"LL ST., '-.iw o -
MUSICAL ''MATTERS
Tax musical service at St. Paul's, in
London, is said to be the finest in the
world.
MAsTas BEnONmILas Hvnanxax, the
new ten-year-old violin prodigy, who is
now astonishing London, isa Pole-four
feet high.
6MAscAixi is said to have made ninety
thousand dollars in profits from "Cav
alleria Rusticana" down to the end of
last yeas.
IT may not be generally known that
Mr. J. L. Molloy, the popular -ong
writer, is an English barrister. His
work is the law; his recreation, musio.
Tnm London stock exchange has an
orchestra, composed of members of the
exchange, accounted one of the finest
amateur musical organizations in that
city.
TiR jewels of Mine. Tetrazzine, the
most famous prima donna in South
America, were recently seized for debt,
when it was found that all the gems
were made of paste.
MIss FRANCEs CRaosn, author of
"Safe in the Arms of Jesus" and other
widely-sung hymns, is sixty-one years
of age, and has been blind since she
was six weeks old.
AusTnALrA is sending another gifted
singer to England. She is Miss Ada
Crossley, a native of Gippaland, Victo
ria. She is young, vigorous in physique,
and has a magnificent contralto voice.
Ax open letter-V.
A caut'rrv bawl-"Say, mister, gimme a
nickel'."
Tan thief who stole a trombone was not
a high-toned thief.
Tir wheelwright ought to make a good
spokesman.-Philadelphia Record.
Hzi-"Well, for my part I like a picture
that tells a story." She-"'Mrs. Witherby's
portrait must soit you, then. It makes her
positively handsome."--Harlem Life.
"Ow course, you believe in the millen
nium," said the irritable man's friend. "To
be sure." "What is your idea of it?" "It'll
be a time when every lawn-mower will have
a music-box attachmeut."-Washington
Star.
"How is business, Mr. Architect?"
"Wretched l And what makes it worse is
that we have to use more expensive build
ing material, because it sometimes takes
two or three years to sell a house."-Flie
gende Blaetter.
"Do lOU consider him a man of veracityI,'
"Hey?" "I say do yon consider him a man
of veracity l" "'Well, there's no telliu' what
he might d0 if he was mad and had a gun."
--Texas Siftings.
"Do ToO take the daily papers i" asked the
newly-installed janitor of the apartment
house. "No," replied the lady, to whom he
was talking, "we subscribe for it, but the
pple in the next flat take it."-Washington
"How DID YOU like the way the room
was furnishedi" "All very well, except
there was no folding bed." "Didn't yousee
anything that looked like one?" "Yes, and
that's why I knew it wasn't one,"- Chicago
Inter Ocean.
Tar PoETRY Or IT.-She-"I'd rather be a
poet than anything in the world." The
Poet-"You might be thenextthing to one."
She--"Oh tell me how." The Poet--"By
becomingMrs. Poet." (He got her.)- -De
troit Free Press.
A vuos husband on his honeymoon tril.
has given the conductor two cigars so he
would keep other passengers from his
woupe. At the next station the conductor
opens the door and exclaims: "I must let in
other passengers-I tried one of those
cigars.' -Fliegende Bloetter.
A Ramao of a lost race-the empty pocket
book.-Boston Commercial Bulletin.
WISE ADVICE
UISE
AND SAVE
s LO TI IENON CYANLABOR.
1314-B ABUTS CUWb At
I .T Dave. Remiedy1y zps euels-.uob~iMun
__________________ W UeaVeresbous taees1st. Bok op
. i.. FlX9,uernýMos SYRtIOZLTOOWWIZDTI#T.. P11t,ý rnH
* nri ad4i m i stE LG rPa.ol-btirb~
;'1r.3 ,a N oeS.., 411 PoI1+ at B elbL
ThE .OO1OTMADSNOT :':
- - 0 4
~t~P~a~,~dL~ j~L IL~&
f3lOWI'Alla,, dear',
that loveis1 blindt"
Uarard Lampoon. - -`
3IuJlatltz'My little siaaei
Commandmentrs." bb
nothing; IPU bet my lttle
War is a hexameter like.a.Ti
cause each has sizxfeet.
to lababccuarn
o8 - Aecmuns mae - tema
vitinams of argase
ALL aUVOUS omN ms , -.
ralya Looomoto r At 4
Ber ereaoes and a earo a s
close 10 cents, in stamps for poestage
Addres, oaU' a DAzs s.ama : Manea
Aseooamrzox. BDfalo N. Y.
Remember .
the name:
The De Long PAT. HOOK
AND EYE. Also notice on
face and back of every card
the words:
See that
hump?
Richardson
THE PROOGR US
"SELF-TRAMPil."
Cotton Presu
box. Requies i n
pack 10 Iortwomtssjgb
_quick and dourtble aelo OAru
"IPOAL" l yrsrrii
Bo day..L Vad vri astrere e h.
lace.d l. a d[p sseas.t jetke.aeseesr
OA. N. K., F. sOSi0a i
m i9RI w A RTSS LA e
Otessea thve and people
who bay. weak lungs or LAth.
n.a should use Ptso'sCurs for
Connamption. It has eared
tbeusaIe. It has not Injer.
50 nshe ttU3 not bad to take.
111.k e b~~cough syrup.
Bold rerywhenr. Sae.
A. N. K., F. 1505
Wfaln RItT1NG 70 ADVERTIaEES PLEASE -
tat. t.t Tee saw the Aitveassmet i-this
rupse.