-,  ... . -. .4 : AY TTE GAZETTE2
S.LAFAYLETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1893. NU
' lake hiasheer
r's .'he tay was clear.
`pmiiry twenty aoies ereame. -
' awaes the he could msee the
aew he ,din't c.arter do'
l.$.a t Char as'. eni the view.
y Ili was mestly wood sapptsm,
SstopQp1h oterr un
S.Jaiarmin', where the rmss
aeough aer ot er chilpsmunk pas,
Ithere wer'n't nogitn' to
h e. . or toolish, were their viewl
w r thse city teller lame erlong
fI_. W w, iw t k hims mighty strong.
r `- 'Silas bed the eversastin' anad
'lm. i t ihhiiors'en it 'twas piedder land:
sd eh .gosh; are got it too;
.  .ertea houisa , rdotllars teer thet view!
I ~."i tl e Weal uap, ifrLtherto the top,
r r gb oTHEa R ta Oever raised a crop.
mu1rtlashe ioeweQ he id t aoscaret
be {s a't bscenery an' tresh air.
"6twy i besthis laterest, when it's due,
.ts' ires (here soki' an'. esi the vi ew
- "r.To.manise, in Ladies' Bome Journat
THE OTHER WOMAN.
Sohe Unpleasant Consequenoce of
Olarenoe's Oarelesmsnes.
The sWagner sleeper jolted slowly
oat of the brilliantly lighted depot and
its ed drear lamps disappeared into the
igit "shavinso behind the merry party
orfwedding guests who stood watching
nthe receding train.
- The handsome young couple who a
moment before stood' in the doorway of
the sleeping car, laughing back at the
coterlo of friends who were shouting
many parting injunctions after them,
now dropped side by side upon the vel1
vet cushioned seat of a rear compart
ment. The flushed and fluttered little
bride was dainty and sweet in a becom
ing thing of gray, which had replaced
her lovely bridal gown of purest white.
She sank wearily upon the sofa seat
beside her manly companion, glad of
the first moment of respite she had en
joyed in hours; glad that they were at
lastoff on their wedding journey.
Their senses had been kept In a con
stant whirl by the strain and excite
ment of the day, and so fast had events
been unr.folding themselves that they
could scarcely realize what was hap
pening. The whole thing had the
vagueness of an intoxicating dream.
If they had suddenly found themselves
pnrsuing the old familiar round of life,
neither would have experienced great
er surprise than is fetby the man who
is rudely wakened from a delicious
fancy of . sleep. The prospect of a
quiet respite from the constant, an
noying, but well-meaning attentions
of friends, and of being alone together,
thrilled each with a sensation of de
light.
A delicate glow from a pink-shaded
lamp suffused itself through the little
compartment where a half minute ago
its modest light was drowned in the
powerful brilliancy of the depot elec
tric candles, which shone through the
windows. A passenger was growling
at a porter in the corridor. Another
white-cappel porter was moving up
and down between the buffet and
smoking-room, carrying suspicions
looking packages. At the end of the
car the conductor was explaining to a
passenger where he could make con
nection. In a neighboring compart
ment a mother was trying to quiet a
fretful-child. A young lady, not yet
ready to retire, although it was near
midnight, had seated herself upon one
of the folding seats in the narrow corri.
dor -and was eagerly perusing a new
novel In the smoking-room, two or
three men were smoking and talking
as men will talk until the end of the
" world.
To all these people it seemed a very
commonplace bit of travel; to the
young couple in the pink-lighted com
partment, it was the journey of their
lives.
The train was proceeding tentative
ly; now spurting off as if determined
to do or die, and now bringing to with
a sudden jerk, stopping beside a hiss
ing engine which was bumping a. long
linoof cars together. At such stops the
talk of the lantern-bearing yardmen
could. be heard beside the sleeper win
dow.
In the first moment of their blissful
quiet, the young couple caught each
other's hands (a trick that lovers have)
and their eyes, filled with the light of
love, met. Even now tke day's events
had the semblance of a dream. The
carriage, the crush at the church, the
flowers, the white-robed bridesmaids,
the minister, the ceremony, the torrent
of congratulations, the reception, the
hurrying to the train-it was too unlike
the rest of their lives to be anything
but a dream. And yet it was truel The
ponderous sleeper was rocking over the
track,
To the lives of all men there comes
in hour, a day, perhaps, of sweetest,
completest blas. To the young man 1
with the bride, this hour had come.
ris senses were thrillin; with a de- 1
licious feeling of a man who has just
married the woman he loves. It was e
the. first timp he had been alone with
her fir days; the preparations for the i
wedding had kept them apart, but now
seiv was his-his! Not for a day, nor a
week-ior a lifetime! It seemed a very
long tiee and- just now it appeared in 1
al the roseate hues in which happy 1
eiuth sees the future. Now that she i
ti'ahis she was different, but not less 1
dearinhiseyes. He was a deep and i
asn earnest man, and this was the first
gRathappiness he had ever felt i
-.fle seott hands were'clasped in hi'.
. tClarence," q she cried, "1 am so Id
-t a soglad you are mine!" he said, 1
9 asb trying." she Lad, turning <
p4eyoa upoh him, "I -do hope it
Siell; I was so badly ex
~i 'id hot tell 1 must haire
"dtl11an angel," he said. -
* Yqall the time."
&A~a& wct, I aa0a' care I
(sie u, ow
"It was like a drea ," he. atweres.
"1 half doubted its reality. I was
thinking of what a lucky follow I was
- to get you, my angeL"
- Olirence kissed her. Some poet
speake of the rushing together of two
souls to lovers' lips and meeting there
in a kiss. Thisabard has' rceived flat
tering Indorsement. from a thousand
pairs of young lovers. How the kiss
of love thrills the'lood of youth! How
it condenses all the sweetness of a life
time into one ecstatic moment! Other
hours may well afford to be dull since
their nectar is compressed into the lov
ers' kiss. Let the pendulum of time
swing slowly when young lovers meet
in the electric touch of a kiss, in the
poetry of melted glances, in the elo
quent pressing of hands.
The train pass ed a familiar street
whose long line of gliznmermng lights
stretched as far as the sight could
reaclrffording a passing'glimpse of a
massmW church, black and gloomy look
ing, towering into the night.
To the two young people who saw it
from the window of the passing train it
would always be a dear spot.
'Doesn't it look deserted, now?" she
cried, "I wonder if they took all the
pretty decorations away?".
.The train had proceeded haltingly at
first, but now as it neared the suburbs
it was dancing along at a fair speed. It
shot past side streets, running off intd
the dark; the gloom here and there'as
illuminated by the red lights of saloons
and billiard halls. Sleepy looking po
licemen and watchmen stood at the
corners.
"It did not once occur to the happy
young couple in the sleeper that the
world was pursuing its daily round,
just as if they had not been married at
all. To them, everything seemed to
have caught the spirit of the happiness
they were experiencing. The lights
blushed with a sympathetic glow; the
train rumbled along musically. Even
the passengers must feel that this was
an extraordinary occasion. And the
world outside that was reeling past the
windows; here bristling with number
less lights, and there running off into
hopeless blackness and gloom, seemed
full of new beauty.
"Are you very happy, M1abel?" he 1
asked. -
"Very." she said, "and re you quite
sure that you are as hap y as if' t had
been Laura Deane instead of me?"
lie laughed. "I never asked her to
accept the honor," lie said. "Perhaps
she would not have appreciated it if I
had. As it is, I am more than satis
fled."
"Did you think she looked pretty to
night?" Mabel asked; "I suspected that I
she felt a pang of jealousy as she stood
beside me. Wouldn't both of you" have
been glad if she had been in my place?"
she added teasingly.
"I do not suppose such thoughts are
keeping her awake," Clarence said,
"but I do fear that poor Jimmie Frank
lin's slumbers are badly disturbed to- I
night, eh?"
"Do you think so? I am sorry if it
troubles him. I only hope that he is
quite as happy as I am."
"I used to think you had a tender- C
ness for Jimmie," he said. "It may
have been jealousy in me" c
"I never cared for anyone but you,' i
she replied. "I didn't care a snap for a
single one of the gentlemen who paid s
me attention. You were the only one, e
Clarence." t
The lights of the city had vanished t
behind. The train was roaring along t
through the night. The gloomy world s
lay asteep; the locomotive dashed along t
like a great, restless monster on some
momentous errand. The semaphore
signal and the operator's light at a a
wayside station flashed by the window. 1
With his arm about her, Clarence t
drew her head to his shoulder. To i'
have her all his own for the rest of his I
life was joy enough for him. Uncon- t
sciously, his mind ran ahead into the I
future; he saw themselves living hap- v
pily together, loving each other none 9
the less after the passage of years. Mna
turity had addled sweeter charms to a
her. Through all the years to come she
would listen for his footfall coming
home and would meet him at the door a
with a smile and a kiss. His wife! Hlia
pulses throbbed delightfully at the
thought n
Neither spoke. He was filled with d
blissful reveries. She, tired and b
weary, was resting her head confiding- t
ly upon his shoulder. No words were a
needed to give utterance to their happi- "
ness. It was enough to know that tI
they were each other's and that tbhy
were together. h
Only the monotonous murmur of the ii
train broke the silence. The passen- v
gers had sought relief from weariness to
in slumbers and the only light that tI
burned in the car was that hidden be- ti
neath the pink shade. . •s
Rousing himself from the delightful d
train of thought into which he had ti
fallen, he stooped to kiss her. The h
brown head was drooped so low upon a
his arm that the face was quite hidden t4
from his gaze. She was perfectly still. i
Very tenderly he lifted her head until y
her eyes looked straight into his. A t
silvery tear glistened upon her lashes. ii
The look she turned upon him was one e
he could not understid. They gazed t1
mutely at each other for am instant. tl
then his eyes dropped to her folded o
hands. While he was thinking of the ii
future, she had slipped his watch from n
his pocket.
But it was not upon the dial that she u
had been gazing. While she had been il
resting so passively in hit arms she was b
looking at the picture of a beautiful "
woman-not her picture--glued fast to a
the inside of the case.
He took the watch from her hand o
quickly, and his eyes fell before the look n
of earnest inquiry in hers. She did not b
speak. - o
"That-that - picture," he stam- n
inered, "that's-that's, ah-that's a '
friend of my sister's."
The brown head dropped back upon h
i Alalder. Sheo was sobbing half t
teariually. She refused to look up to oJ
hime or spee. V 0
' q)h, _ ':. she criedc "Why
-, -.t ., using of hi a
-V.I1~·L~ab
S WSCHOOL AND CHURCH.
-*Vassar college was founded by
Matthew Vassar in 1861.
-The first Christian school was es
u tablished by Pantmeus in 181.
e -Education among the Hindoos haE
> always been in the hands of the Brah
d mine.
a -The children of dissenters were
v first admitted to English parish schools
in 1808.
r -The National Educational associa
e tion in the United States was formed
in 1860.
e-Germany has twenty-one universi
t ties, with 1,920 professors and 26,70C
e students.
-The Australians have more churches
t in proportion to population than any
other people.
S-The first medical school in the
United States was founded in Phila
delphia in 1764.
-A regular academy of arts and
t sciences was founded at Alexandria by
t Ptolemy Sote'r, B. C. 314.
-Bartholomew Columbus, the broth
B er of Christopher, brought to England
a in 1489 the first map ever seen there.
-In Liverpool there are technical
educational schools for teaching cook
ery, laundry work, dress cutting and
b household sewing at two pence per les
I son.
- -In India the work of Christian En
3 deavor is being vigorously pushed, and
the constitution, which is now trans
lated into six of the languages of India,
is being largely circulated.--Central
Congregationalist.
-The Philadelphia Sabbath associa
tion has offered two prizes, one of $70
and the other $30 for two essays on the
great need of better Sabbath observ
ance by its professed friends. All es
says must be in by January 1, 1894.
-The English Wesleyan missionaries
did apparently little good at Cape
Coast, Africa, for many years. Only a
few years ago they were giving $10,000
a year to this field, but now there are ]
8,000 converts, who contribute $20,000.
-As a result of the meeting in Chi- I
cago of the Catholic bishops and arch- 1
bishops, a communication has been ]
sent to Catholic editors in all parts of i
the country cautioning them not to at- i
tack or criticise ecclesiastics, and espe- 1
cially bishops for their decrees and de- I
cisions on church matters. -
-In France, in recent years, much
attention has been given to school f
hygiene. Not only is physical cultureI
made compulsory in public schools, but c
the plans of all school buildings, both I
public and private, must be approved c
by the proper authorities, and all 1
schools are Subjected to systematic 1
medical inspection.
-College catalogues grow in bulk r
from year to year. It was long the I
custom of American colleges to make I
their annuals thin paper-bound pam- I
phlets. These grew and grew until a t
few of the large colleges began binding I
their catalogues in boards. After that c
the growth went on, until at length the r
Columbia catalogue for '93-4 is a large t
octavo volume of more than 300 pages. v
-A well-known woman's rights I
champion has founded a school for
fencing in Paris. A condition of mem
bership is that the pupils place their
swords at the service of woman's
emancipation. They intend to be able
to defend their cause at the point of
the rapier, and one of the rules is that
the members conduct their practice t
secretly, that the persons with whom
they may have to tight duels may not
learn their methods.
-The oldest buildings of Washington a
and Jefferson college were erected in k
1793, and so this greatly useful institu- a
tion, with the present 'term, enters on I
its second century. The financial de
pression has not told on the usual at
tendance of students, to ,the great de- n
light of the full corps of professors o
who are on duty. The new $40.000 1
gymnnasium is thoroughly equipped, I
and is a great source of attraction and V
satisfaction. d
THE AUTUMN GIRL. e
She Possesses a Pleasing and Distianct In- si
Idividuality. 11
Much has been 1\ritten of the sum- h
mer girl, and many a line has been in- p
dited to the grace of her winter sister, a
but few there are who have taken up b
their pen to sing the praises of the t]
autumn girl, and yet she is a ci-eature e
well worthy of all the commendation
that may be bestowed upon her. t4
To begin with, the summer outing
has caused her cheeks to assume a rosy fc
flush and her eyes to sparkle with
vigorous health. She has not yet en- n
tered upon the round of social duties
that will leave her worn out and fa
tigued by spring. and in this between
season she is really at her best. Every
day one sees her on the street in a dis- di
tinctively new gown that does not L
have to be covered by a wrap, tl
and which fits her lithe form
to perfection. She is full of
life and the exhilaration of
youth. The hot weather that made her
too languid to care even for the glories
in the shops has passed away, and she
enters with renewed zest into every
thing that has been denied her during ,
the summer.months. In the park and tI
on the country roads she bowls along ,
in a stylish turnout, herself the trim
mest feature of it all. if
Though we miss the summer girl,
with her fluttering ribbons and filmy
laces, there is ample compensation to
be found in the graceful figures of the am
women who have abandoned muslins am
and who have not yet put on furs.
In real life the autumn woman is the 0
one who has passed her teens and is C
not yet well into the thirties. She is
bright and worldwise, but still enough L
of the bygone spring clings to her to n]
make her enthusiastic and delightful '
without any silly girlishness. In fact, d
the autumn girl, wherever you meet a
her, is one that appeals peculiarly to all g
types of humanity, and is in her own
way quite as attractive as her sisters of
other seasonus.---Chicago Tribune.
-Her Adorer-"May I marry you:
daughter?" Her Father (dejectedly)- a
"I datakaw. Ask theodos0lc; he i. a
v JD IDEAS TRAVEL EAST.
p A Common Tilk that Tradesmen Have of
Tarring Them Into Money.
New ideas are difficult to sell, but
very easy to give away; in fact a re
E porter of the Sun has discovered that
if they are good ideas other folksadopt
them without being asked, and in a
e very annoying way sometimes. For in
stance, the reporter had invented a
scarf-pin and had his design executed
by a manufacturing jeweller. The
jeweller, when delivering the pin, re
marked : "That is very pretty. It is a
design that will probably sell well.
We are thinking of making a few thou
sand for the trade"-thus destroying
the chief value of the ornament.
Not long afterward this same per
son had the misfortune to break two
washbowls in one week by bumping
them against the end of the wash
stand in his summer home in the coun
try. Hie decided that it_ would be
r cheaper and better to imitate the city
r than of using a fixed bowl with a plug
in the bottom. In his mind he planned
a mere frame of hard, polished wood,
I to be supported on plated metal brack
ets and to have a big bowl sunk in the
shelf with a plug in the bowl and a
slop Jar underneath. When this idea
was explained to a member of a whole
sale firm in the plumbing trade he re
marked: "I should not wonder if it
would be a good thing to make
a lot of those stands. Peo
ple can't have running water in
the country, but that is the very next
thing to having it. I believe you have
hit on a very salable thing." He
seemed to pride himself on being a
connoisseur of other folks' Ideas, for
he said that recently a man had come
along with an order for a bathtub on
wheels, but he did not think that
would recommend itself to the trade
or the.public. This man had no bath
room in his country house, and could
not spare a room to make one of.
Therefore he hit on the plan of putting
a bathtub on wheels, and moving it
into the bedroom of whoever called
for a bath. An ordinary iron porce
lain-lined tub was what he wanted,
fitted with wheels with rubber tires.
By putting a hot and cold water faucet
in every room and an open-lnouthed
waste-pipe in one of the bedrooms
all his bedrooms being on one floor
he expected to be as well off as if he
had a bathroom.
When statues are made the custom is
for the sculptor to reproduce his design
in miniature in plaster of paris, and
copies of this are given to favored
friends. Always, in such cases, the re
cipients are informed that only a very
limited number of these statuettes has
been made, and that therein lies a great
part of their value. The favor is then
requested that if any one's statuette
breaks he will be very careful to intrust
it to none but a highly reputable re
pairer, else the person to whom it is
taken will copy it and sell it to be
hawked about the streets. The moral
of the situation is that since we can
not. afford to patent every clever
thought and device we must deal only
with those who will respect our help
lessness.-N. Y. Sun.
SHE SMOKED.
Two Minds 'with but a Single Thought
Were the Related Travelers.
Two of us left the train at a country
junction to wait for the train on the
other road. It was pouring rain, and
the waiting room was only a box about
ten feet square. The other passenger
was a woman about forty years of age,
fairly well dressed, and as disgusted
with the situation as I was. We must
kill off two hours and a half some way,
and neither of us had a book or paper.
It rained pitchforks, and there was no
stirring out.
I am an inveterate smoker. I had
not smoked for two hours previous to
our arrival, but I had not been cooped
up there ten minutes when I felt that
I must smoke if I had to stand out in
the rain to do it. Although not intro
duced to each other, the woman and I
exchanged opinions on the weather
and other things. This helped
some. but at the end of half an
hour I was half dead for a smoke. I
had six real Havana cigars in my
pocket. and the thought of them made
my mouth water. I finally got up and
began pacing the floor and wishing
that woman in Jericho, and she pres
ently observed:
"Stranger, ar' ye in an awful hurry
to git home?"
"No. I didn't expect to getrhome be
fore seven."
"Got a heap o' bizness on your
mind."
"I can't say that I have."
"MIebbe you've bin tooken sick?"
"No, I'm in perfect health."
"You was actin' so mighty narvous I
didn't know but sumthin' was wrong.
Look a-here, stranger, ar' you one of
these over-perticlkler men?"
"How do you mean?" 1
"Vhy, one o' these men who turn up i
their noses at the smell of terbacker?"
"Great Scotts, wvomnan!" I shouted as
I turned on her, "do you smoke a i
pipe?"
"I-sometimes!"' she stammered. i
"And I'm jest dead fur a few w~hiffs
this very minit, and if you don't keer
I'll-."
"And I can't live ten minutes longer C
if I don't smoke!" I yelled as I grabbed
for a cigar and a match.
She produced a paper of tobacco
and a clay pipe, borrowed nmy light.
and we sat there and puffed and talked
and puffed and so thoroughly enjoyed
ourselves that she said as the train
came along:
"I'm glad it happened to be you.
Lands a'massy, but if I'd bin cooped
up with an over-pertickler man fur
two hours and a half I'd a bin so niigh
dead fur a smoke that I'd a tumnbled in
a heap and kicked the bucket fur t
goodl'"-Detroit Free Press.a
He Knew It Woaldn't Last. c
Peddler-Is the lady of the house t
in?
Mr. Newlywed-Yes; but there isn't i
a thing in the world we want. a
"All right, sir. I'll ·1~ agIIal ylW eia
Bthe honioo9RP R l-verf1ith, I t
A GOOD EXCUSE FOR ONCE.
tam Was lever Drunk Without Cana,
Therefore le Found One.
'Lias Blackburn was, in his day, one
of the most successful and notorious
moonshiners of southwestern Virginia.
Still, 'Lias was by no means an unprin
cipled man. His contempt for the rev
enue laws was complemented by a re
gard for a code of morals, peculiarly
his own, that gave him no little worry,
for it particularly inveighed against
unreasonable inebriety. 'Lias never
was drunk without cause, and "any
other reason why" being no reason for
a drink to his logical mind he was
often sober for five consecuti b days.
After one of these periods of absti
nence 'Lias found occasion to smuggle
a ten-gallon "kaig" into Tennessee.
'Lias had a quasi-conviction that in
spite of his generous gauging of the
barrel, a shortage might be noticed
when he delivered the goods, and the
suspicion weighed on his mind more
than the "kaig" on his shoulder. When
he reached the part of the mountain
trail called High Knob, the greatest
elevation thereabouts, he felt so worn
out by worry and fatigue that he de
cided to rest awhile. The beauty of
the night brought comfort to 'Lias'
soul, and the softness of the turf to his
bare feet. He threw down the "kaig,"
stretched himself on the grass, and
shut his eyes for "fo'ty winks."
Around High Knob there is only one
thing thicker Ithan shuckleberries and
imoonshiners, it is rattlesnakes. Con
sequently 'Lias, wakened by a sharp
pain in his right great toe, was not at
all surprised to see an immense rattler
,wriggling away. 'Lisa satup. A great
contented smile spread over his face.
lie drew the "kaig" a trifle nearer, put
out his left foot and shook it at the re
treating snake.
"Chaw away, old man," said 'Lias.
"I's just as well prepared fo' you as
though you'd given me six months' no
tice."-Harper's Magazine.
Didn't See Them.
"How old would you take nme to be,
Mr. Griffin?" she lisped, looking unut
terable things.
"Don't know, I'm sure," responded
Griffin, tugging nervously at his mus
tache.
"I'm awfully old, I assure you," she I
went on. "I've seen twenty-three sum
mers."
"Then you ought to wear glasses,"
responded Griffin earnestly.
"What! Glasses at twenty-three.
Oh, Mr. Griffin!"
"Yes; your eyesight 'must be bad."
"I'm sure I don't know why you i
should think so," she pouted.
"Well," said Griffin slowly and look- I
ing for a safe exit meanwhile. "I'm 1
afraid about twenty summers have
gone by without your noticing them.'
-Drake's Magazine.
Bread glade with Soap.
From a communication read to the z
association of Belgian chemists, it I
seems that continental bakers are in I
the habit of mixing soap with their t
dough to make their bread and pastry c
nice and light. The quantity of soap s
used varies greatly. In fancy articles, a
like waffles and fritters, it is much i
I larger than in bread. The soap is dis- c
solved in a little water: to this is add- y
ed some oil, and the mixture, after be- t
ing well whipped, is added to the flour. I
The crumb of the bread manufactured z
by this process is said to be lighter and t
more spongy than that made in the or- s
dinary way.-Scientific American. o
Severe Laws in a Small Republic. t
P, is said that San Marino, the dimin- o
utive Italian republic, and the oldest is
government of its kind in existence, a
has the most severe criminal laws of t
any civilized country known. Thieves
have the right hand" chopped off, and a
murderers are hurled over a precipice t
into the deep gorge of Feri. As the re- a
suit of this severity no murder was a
chronicled for a long time, until some b
years ago, when a woman was convitct- t
ed of having wantonly killed her young p
daughter. Notwithstanding her prayers a
for mercy, the sentence of the law was
strictly adhered to.-Pittsburgh Dis- 6
patch. o
Would Try the E. B.
Young Widow-I wish you'd tell nme
where I can get a good investment for
sixty thousand dollars that came in lust
week.
Lawyer-Stocks, bonds, mortgages,
or eligible bachelor?
Young Widow-I don't want to in
vest this money again, and you know
what stocks, bonds and mortgages
mean.-Judge.
-Mrs. Livermore, describing her last e:
meeting with Lucy Stone, abouta fort
night before her death, says she spoke
of the work she had done, and then F
sadly added: "And now I have dropped
out." But immediately she revealed "
her perfect fearlessness of death. "I
have always believed it is better further
on," she said; and when Mrs. Liver- I
more took her hand before she went
away she said: "We shall shake hands d
again some time, somewhere. We shall
know each other and be comrades
still."
-Corn Mluffins: One pint corn meal,
one pint flour,one tablespoonful sugar,
one teaspoon salt, three teaspoons of h
baking powder, one tablespoon lard, t
two eggs, one pint milk; sift together a
corn meal, lour, sugar, salt.and pow- P
der; rub in cold lard, eggs beaten and
milk; mix into a batter of the consist- 1
ence of cup cake: mufin pans to be h
cold and well-greased; then fll two- B
thirds. Pour in hot muffin rings.~
Bake in hot oven fifteen minutes.--De
troit Free Press.
-A Berlin correspondeht says that it p
- generally believed in Germany that d
the emperor's real object in nmakingad- b
vances to Prince Bismarck is to induce d
the ex-chancellor to give up a number w
of letters which he wrote to him during a
the illness of Emperor Frederick. The
present emperor then treated Prince
liLmnarck with unbounded confidence,
ad it is muppoeed that hie was indis- m
cret in some oe htmu g -"ite..tgs g
hit bel It U4
'AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
A CIRCULAR S1LO.
Strong and Convealent and Can Be Built
Econoaleally.
Our illustration, which we reengrave
from the ninth annual -report of the
W isconsm experiment station€ shows a
circular silo 16 feet across from outside
to outside of wall and- 27 feet deep. It
holds 80 to:82-tons of corn silage. The
foundation consists of a stone wall 18
inches thick apd 8 -eet high, shown in
Fig. 2. It is:beveled oft on the inside
for 8 inches at the top. To lay the
wall in a true circle, drive a stake in
the center, bore a hole through a board
of the right length and place it over a
pin on the stake. The board must be
just half as long as the circle is distance
across. In starting the wall use this
board as an indicator, turning it around
to every point of the wall. Then by
using it again at the top, as the wall is
finished, it can be built true.. Use 2x4
scantlings for the' sill. Cut then} in 2
foot lengths and hevel the ends so thvy.
"FIG. 1.--'ISCONSIN P.OU-D SILO.
will follow the circular wall when
joined together. Toe-nail them where
they join and imbed them in mortar.
Saw the scantlings so as to leave 3 to
% of an inch of wood holding and bend
into the circular form desired. nailing
it together on the cut side. The stud
ding can be made of 2x4 scantlings
placed 1 foot apart. To save the added
cost of long scantlings 12 and 14-foot
pieces can be spliced together, lappingr
thenl 2 feet and firmly spiking together.
To hold the studding in place until the
wall can be commenced set a fencepost
firmly in the center of the silo, toenail
a stud to the sill, plumb it and hold it
in place by a board being tacked to it
and to the post in the center. Put in
half of the studs 2 feel, apart, and stay
them as indicated, leaving the remhain
ing ones until the firs.t are fastened,
which is done by bending half-inch
strips of lining 3 inches wide around t
thenm and tacking it on. Plumb them 1
sidewiays as the lining is tacked. Then I
toenail the other half of the studs in
place, plumb and fasten to the girding r
boards.
For lining and sheeting outside, use (
6 inch fence boards split so as to be
less than a half inch thick. When the
studding is in place, nail on a course of c
sheeting outside up to where staging is r
needed. Then start the course of sid- n
ing, placing a layer of building paper i
between them. Carry the two courses r
up together and one set of staging will a
do for both. Ordinary half inch beveled o
siding rabbeted as shown in Fig. 2 an- i
swers well. Have both lining and sid- t
ing break joints by starting the second I
course of boards, on the first stud be- a
yond, where the first was started, the I
third on the second stud beyond, etc. f
Have the boards of both courses hori
zontal, otherwise it is hard to make
them bend into place. The silo repre
sented in the illustration has a lining T
of 3 courses of half inch lumber with
2 layers of tar paper between to insure
the silage keeping. The plate is made i'
of 2x4 inch scantling like the sill and f
is nailed to the top of the studding ti
after the siding has been carried to the ti
top. y
The roof requires no rafters having s:
a circle made by sawing 2x8 scantlings P
to the curve of a circle : feet across
and spiking i: layers of them together
making a circle and having the material t
break joints. Support it in place so as
to give the roof about a one-quarter i
pitch. Nail one end of the roof boards s'
to this circle and the other to the plate.
Fence boards of the right length
sawed diagonally from within 1 inch of t
one corner to within an inch of the op- i
n
1s t
WIG. 2.--ROUND SI,.O--wALL CONSTRUC
TION. 0
posite corner are right for this. Lay the
shingles to a line inscribed by some 11
weighlt attached to the end of a string
astened at the peak of the roof. The a
cupola or ventilator is made of galvan- c:
Ized iron and nailed to the roof after c
the shingling is done. The filling win
dow, shown in Fig. 1 is 3, feet high by t
8 feet wide and enables a man to pass
in by the side of the carrier when t is
in place. The feeding doors are 2 feet
wide by 4 feet high. In placing the
studding put two studs together for the a
sides of doors and place another stud ix
half way between them. Side and line 4
the silo without reference to these
doors, cutting them out after it is com
pleted. Mfake the doors of matched
flooring boards % by 4 inches. N'ail pi
layers of them to cleats sawed so as to 1.
have the curvature of the silo walls, in
Bevel the sides of the door and round in
the inner corner of the swinging edge cr
a little so it will open and close easily. nI
To fasten the doors a pair of carriage na
bolts are put through the studding op- ye
posite the ends of the cleats in the re
door and strips of iron 2 inches wide oc
by '4 inch thick bolted to the w
door along each cleat and provided fa
with a long-shaped hole which shuts at
over the bolt in the lstudding when pl
the door is closed. It is held by handle
_uts like those used on wagon xreds. 1
re a -ineh hole through the ldding .
and sheeting between each ir -.ot
studso o t tkw ekt
F I . . - t U N S L- W A L C N T U - I O N . 0
lining is nailed on; this is to
vermin.
Do not have the lining -reach
the plate so that free vetiutleat "
tween the stuii may occur. C
upper opening with nett ln a.
silage from falling in. The p
a silo of this height is very iW.~
one of the points in favor hia
that it is very strong, the a
ing and lining all acting as sa
great hoops. The circular silo.
more silage for the amount of tlu"
used than any other form and
no heavy frame timbers nor trou..
framing. The cost of the materI
building this silo was $176 and
ing labor the structure cost $34&
can be made smaller in diameter
lower than this` one at proportion
cost.
WINTERING CABBAGE.
A Simple DevIee for Coverlng aind"
lag Them Clean.
Our illustration represents a roof
covering cabbage stored in a pit fob
winter use. Make frames of 93x&4h.
sc .ntling in the form of a triangle]
Have the base or piece resting on
ground about 4 feet long so the soai,,
will cover a trench 834 feet wide. NNs-=i
fence or other boards on the framesfo
a roof, letting them overlap as.
in the illustration. Dig a trench 3
33. feet wide, 4 inches deep and
length desired. Cut and trim" the- ea
bages and pack in the pit until it '4
filled to a level with the ground. Then
put the frames in place and nail on one¢
or two boards--3 of the support frame
will be needed if 15-foot bdards: are:
used--and pack in more cabbages; thens
nail on more of the roof boards anm
pack full again and so on until it in
completely filled. Then fill the ends,
with straw tightly packed in and cove
the roof with a light layer of straw.
Over this put dirt 4 inches thick. This
will keep the cabbage clean, dry and.
crisp and they can be taken out from
the ends as needed for use. Heads4
fully mature but not overripe are bead
for storing. Cabbages can also be kept'
nice and crisp by taking them up with '
PIT FOR KEEPINCG CABBAGE.
the roots on and setting in a shallow''
layer of earth on the bottom of the cel]r,
lar. Use just enough earth to keep the
roots moist and the cabbage will re
main fresh all winter. Too much dirt
will spoil them by starting growth.
Cabbage car. also be kept by placing in
a pit and covering with straw and a
layer of dirt. They are not kept so
clean and cannot be taken cut so
readily when needed for use as by the
methods above described. ' if the s.,
in which they are placed does not drain
readily, dig a trench to lead the water
away from the pit. Too much straw
often causes trouble from mice getting.
in and making nests; but when only a
thin layer is used, no trouble results.
Freezing does not hurt them, though -
alternate freezing and thawing may.
It is advisable to cover so they will not
freeze.-Orange Judd Framer.
FLOWERS OF THE NIGHT.
They Lay Themselves Out for the Visit eo
Noeturnal toths.
As we all know, there are day-bloom- -
ing and night-blooming flowers. The
former lay themselves out for the fer
tilizing visits of bees and butterfliest
they are generally decked in red, blue;
yellow or purple and have often lines -
spots or markings on their petals whichb
point to the nectaries and so act as
honey guides. The night-blooming
flowers, anys the Cornhill Magazir.e, on
the other hand lay themselves out foo
the visit of moths or other crepuacular
insects, and therefore have recourse- to -
something like the tactics of the re.
flies and the glow-worms They are
usually pure white and the petals are.:..
often of such a peculiar texture that
they seem to glow with internal light
in the dim shades of evening. Attime -
one might almost fancy they were:-;
stained by nature with some curiona
forerunner of luminous paint, ua
strongly do they reflect every invisible'
ray of the faint twilight. They thus'_:
succeed in catching the eyes of the
moths, which, of course, are specially r
moddfied for receiving and peroeivii.
the slender stimulus of dusk and ths.:
gloaming.
But the nocturnal flowers- have no ;
lines or spots, because these last coulda
neever be perceived in the gray gloom.
of evening. They make up for it, how
ever, by being heavily scented; indeed.
almost all the strong white flowears:
like jasmine, tuberoses, garbpden.;
stephanotis, cereus and syringa. whibhr~
are such favorites with florists, do ot -,'
close their eyes at night, and are _e.
cially adapted to attract the eyes ad
noses of night-flying insects. Perhaa-:
that may be why the gilded youth
the Gaiety so specially' affect th
luscious white exotics. I may add, i
passing, that not a few nocturnma.
mals are also provided with -
allurements for their roaming
in the shape of musky or other
ful perfumes.-.
fow to Grow Walamts.
I succeed by planting or p -
piles with hulls on, not more
layers thick, cover with dirt opne
Inches, and the action of fost,
ing and thawing, will cause
irack; then plant in -eal'y
nursery rows 8 feet 6 apart -
nuts 6 to 10 inches sprt, ea
year and then pltat wr
remain But my best
obtained by planting
want the tree. Plant tnl .
lall where you want h tit ,
stake to each n4u",i i
planted. Caltlvate
weeds for a 'few
this way the tap me
by rx· an-