' ' -i,._ -e' 7 -
Y- E'P E _ .
.LA.AYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1894
_ . . ' .. .
-i- ··~. r · r r r · · ·r .·;r ,..
= C-,,-.= L ,. . . ... ·. a i .·) .-t · . ..
- - "-.... ....... LAFAYETTE, LA. ATURDAY, FEBRUARY" 3, 894.
,  . , ,fi ,.,,,:. , ,  : _";"  " I l il I I il lI ! I I I I I I i i i II• ii ll ll il g l I I l"
Aland. shorea tli
Sn , book,
o iart. h .am u
of
o9 f heart. Si
thapke ass
e lation,
t`. e n .eel.
+ woe sad westl i
a. m. "
iteenls se t.
S"--, Hdetective, had r.
been overdue E
severl days. a
timacy I heard his light knock and
saw hits getle, melancholy face n, the 1
doorway many and many an odd and t
unexpected time. Ten days had now had
gone by without a visit, and I was be- t
ginning to wonder what could have
happened, when he appeared one even
ing-and dropped into a chair with a
"Ieekbt in the grat.dcourse of our long In
timgah . heard his light knock and
inga'r'e tle, melancholy face int theire. -
Ndoonreay many aid I.many an odd andup!
"Where have you been this age?" Ic
so fkear as soon as he was seated.w you
"In the greatdesert," said he, look.
ng Saharaely into the fire.at desert of sand;
"My dNoar nsenseBracken said . "Wake upI, briskly,
There Irasn't been time for you to get
sdo far a to Gibraltao since I sa yo
last."
''1 meant the great desert of London.
The Sahara is the great desert of sand;
London the great desert of man."
"My dear B3racken," said I, briskly,
"'do drop that philosophic tone and
come down to earth and facts. What 1
have you been doing? Running a mur
derer to earth in Westminster, or stop
ping an eloping couple at Queens
town?"
"Neither," said he, shaking nimself
up. "I have for the past week or more
been on a private job-a city case."
"A private city case is nearly always
interesting. Vhat would you, like to
whet your whistle with?"
"I'll have a brandy and soda," said
Bracken, with another sigh.
I got'the brandy and soda, pushed
the cigar-box toward him and settled
myself back in my chair. Once Bracken
has been wound it is best to let him
alone. He does not mind a question to
elucidate what he is saying, but he
does resent anything like a goad.
"Last Friday week," said he, after a
long pause, "I was sent for by Mr. Ed
..--;ild Merrick, junior partner of Mer
rick Co., and son of Alexander Mer
rick, the senior and only other partner.
"The business house of Merrick &
Co, is-~n Mincing lane. But I was in
vited to call at the private house of
young Mr. Merrick in Thompson's road,
Twickenharo. Young Mr. Merrick is
about thirty-five, and married. His fa
ther is between sixty and seventy, a
widower, and has a mansion on Clap
ham common, where his unmarried
sister, a few years Iris junior, keeps
house for him.
"'For some time back,' said young
Mr. Merrick when I saw him, 'we have
been very uneasy about my father.
WVhetf I say 'we' 1 mean the family,
which consists of my aunt, my wife
and myself.
" 'Up to about three years ago I
anew all my father's business. He and
I were on the most intimate terms pos
sible. He reposed unlimited confidence
in me, and 1 had no secrets from him.
'He was the. soundest and most steady
going business man in London, and the
very last you would suspect of going
into hazardous speculations. The busi
ness was then in a flourishing condi
tion. Never had it been better; never
even so.good.
* '`My father and I are now and have
ever. been the only partners. Until
lately'ive always kept plenty of money
in hand, together with a large reserve.
MLy fathlibr owned as his private for
tune abeuta' hundred thousand pounds,
Investid- iHi first-class secnrities He
was asc cautious of whdre he, put his
own -money hs the most careful trustee
with thy money of another.
" -*At the date I speak of, about three
years a.itgb a serious financial panic
seized the city. A period of overtrad
lng ua wild speculation had ended in
disaster. Men had been rushing blind
ly into rfatures which could not rec
ommesd thhmselves to any sane hu
- m'.Y being, and now at last the inevit
.b4 crash was at hand. Houses of
- t idi· rif ability and standing came
dowh ike bubble companies, and even
* sb w olng trades were filled with ap
. oenmlon- and consternation, Merriek
~~igd l( tely unharmed--unaf
- -W had notrisked £ penny in
ns venture, aid we had not
Sindirectly through othera.
at dreadful 1crisis I
abon msy father's
here every esn
"e . In the mid
6 r chhage
~ii:=s!It~ac~
with the cash. .1has dsrawu large same
of amoney out .of the- business, more
than it can well afoed, and now he has a
givsa,otlee .f rt farther withdrawal
one which would cripple if not ruin
the berm sltogether.
'TThe unaccountable part of this it
matter is that he did not begin this
game until the 'speculative fever had "
died out-until the crisis was at hand-- '
until the crash had oeeurred. If be had
begun to realise.four years ago instead k
of three. I should account for all by a
aaying. he had been sucked into the
speculative whirlpool with many a
good man; but the crisis cleared the a
city of rotten concerns, and fradulent
teers of enormous dividends, and since a
my father began turning his securities
into cash thera.ss been absolutely no
strong temptation for speculators.
" 'In addition to our other uneasiness n
about myy father I aust tell you that
he seems to have completely changed .iL
his nature. He used to be quite free h
and open with my aunt. She knows no
more of him now than I do. He used to a
be the most hospitabre and liberal man
in his house; he has turned close, not o
say mean and stingy.
" 'I want you if you can to find out
what my father has done with his
money. Of course, Mr. Bracken, this is n
to be a perfectly quiet inquiry with no
results but that of satisfying my own
mind. You are not investigating the _
business of my partner, but the unac
countable and distressing conduct of a
father for whom I would put down my a
last penny-my life if necessary. I
want you to do nothing but to bring
me some news which will put my mind ,
at rest, or at worst which will let me "
know what is going on. I should not
take the extreme step of asking you to
help me only that if my father draws
out the money he is speaking of,
Merrick & Co. are very likely to put up 1
the shutters, and I want to find out
whether I an warranted in resisting s
the iWithdrawal or not.' t
"'And,' said I, 'have you no sus
picion at all .of what became of the
money?'
"'Well,' said he. with a look of great
distress: 'I can think of nothing at all.
except that my father has in his old
age taken to a vice never indulged inu
when ire was youngr-gambling. If he
isn't losing the money on cards, or dice.
or horses where can it be going? You
will, I hope, Mr. Bracken, conduct this
inquiry with the greatest possible deli- !.
cacy and secrecy. I would not for all
the world that my poor governor knew
anything of it.'
"I promised to be more than usually
careful, and having obtained a few par
ticulars to start with I bade Mr. Ed
ward Merrick good-by." I
"'And you have, Bracken," said 1,
"'found out the heart of the mystery
and Mr. Edward Merrick thanks
heaven he fell into the hands of such
an acute and discriminating detective."
"I have found out the old man's
secret, and it isn't gambling, and none
of the money has been lost; and yet I
think Mr. Edward Merrick would soon
er every penny had gone into the
Thames or the hands of the croupiers
at Monte Carlo than that I had to make
the report I did on his father," said
Bracken in a tone of reprcof.
"'Well, well," I said, i' a soothing
tone, "don't be angry with me for my
levity. I did not know that your story
was to have a tragic end. The old man
hasn't had two wives has he? He isn't
locked up now for bigamy?"
"He is not locked up now, but he is
very likely to be locked up soon, al
-Ia
"IHAVE BEEN ON A PRIVATE JOB--'A CITI'
CASE.' I
though I found no trace of a second
wife or even of one, barring the one he
buried years ago."
"I will guess no more," I said, peni
tently, .'and I am most anxious to hear
r you out."
"Young Mr. Merrick had given me
9 the name of his father's private bank
i er and his stockbroker, and the first
strange thing- that I found out
was that when the stockbroker
sold stock for MLr. Alexander Mer
rick, he, at the request of the old man,
B always paid him b3) an open cheque. i
Sfound out that these cheques were
a cashed across the counter, by old Mr.
Merrick, and that the money was never
e passed through his own bank."
C "That looks very fishy," said I, "but
• the man could not have been swindling
a himself."
i- "No. He was not swindling himself
or anybody else. The money is all in
one of the strong rooms of the Steel
l Safe Co., and old Mr. Merrick is mad
a monomaniac. He is quite sane on
S·rvery other lpoint but that of the so
a curity of money. When the great
Scrashes took place in the city years ago
k the oid man's reason must have got un
" hinged. Anyway be now thinks there
Sis no safe place for money but the
st trong room, and when his secret was
Sfound out he became violent and
I had to be put under restraint in
's his own house. It's about the queer
eat ceqe .I ever had," said Bracken, as
-he ruse and bade me good night.
S--The oldest known rains are those
a of the Bimr Nimroud. Tihe great mound
ii eale. by . this panme is supposed to be
L the tiower of BIbel mentioned in the
book of lenesis.
taa ttimaui en'
- li wa
Not. THOMPSON OP XENIA.
the a/. a-elldered man Iade as Erroes
at Judramsenu
. One of theme corpulent, benign-lok* :
iiag old ehaps, with a long, gray goatee it
f owing down from his chin, was walk' g
ing up and dbsrn the depot platform,
and we noticed that the cross-eyed man fi
with the lop-shoulders kept his eyeson it
him as if deeply interested. Now, any c0
man who. is "up" on human nature tl
knows that-ne of these old coons with a
a perpetual grin on his face and a fa- st
1 therly demeanor toward the public is h
a bad man to ta'ckle, but the cross- ce
' eyed man hadn't traveled. Ile shifted
around uneasily for a quarter of an I
hour,.and then intercepted the benign vI
man in his walk and said: a
"Excuse me, but are you a feller fi
named Thompson, who lives - over d
around Xenia somewhere?" n
i "Do you mean to ask me if my name II
eis Thompson?"' queried old benign as
he halted and looked the other man up tl
and down in a contemptuous way. 5.
."Yes."
"No, sir-no, sir: My name is not a
Thompson, sir!"
"Wall, I thought you might be, you a
know. They say Thompson is a fat a
man, and always looks as if he wanted n
to obleege somebody, and-" e
"Sir! Are you speaking to me?" de- v
manded he of the fatherly demeanor. a
S"Yes. I never saw Thompson, but c
they say he wears just such whiskers a
as your'n and is fond of children. 7 I
didn't know but-" - a
"Why, sir, do you mean to insult g
me?" shouted old benign as the color n
came to his face. "Didn't I say my 5
L name was not Thompson?" If you are r
o doing this to get up a quarrel with me t
I warn you to look out!" f
"Quarrel? I never had a fight in my h
life. It struck me that you might be I
t Thompson of Xenia. You've got the a
same grin on your face-the same goa- s
tee-the same--" a
"You miserable loafer!" hissed old r
benign as lie made a pass at him and
missed. t
t 'lIere, hold on!" shouted the cross- I
eyed mayi as he backed around. "There a
ain't nothing to get mad at! Stop \
u that or I'll call the police! You've got r
a goatee like Thompson, and I've heard I
over a hundred people say-"
U The fat and fatherly man seized the
is anxious inquirer after Thompson and
j- jammed him against the depot with 1
Ll territic force. Then lie whirled him
around and cuffed him twice. Then g
he straightened him up and booted
him five boots and yelled after him:
"You drunken old loafer, but if you I
1. aven look at me again I'll break every
bone in your body."
y While old benign was cooling off on
a salt barrel at the other end of the
s platform the cross-eyed man returned
h to the group of passengers who had
seen and heard all and said:
I ";Gentlemen. I'm a licked man and I
1e feel bad about it, but what hurts my
I inward feelin's the most is the idea
that I took that old four-ply rhinoc
seros over there for a feller so blamed
soft and nice and kind-hearted that I
.ov-as going to tell him a sure cure for
id rheumatism and not charge him a red
eeut."-Detroit Free Precss.
ROSE LEAF COMPLEXIONS.
-y Flow to Get Them and How to netain
Lt Them.
A great deal of useless nonsense is
being written every day about the com
is plexion, and never were there so many
11- unscrupulous women advertising ob
r noxious nostrums for sale for "bean-'
tifying" thecskin as now. Outside ap
plications do the skin very little good
tunless the general system is in good
condition. English women, who in
I variably have lovely c'.mplexions, are
notoriously fond of outdoor exercise,
of games, rides and walks, and the
woman who did without her morning
tub would think she were a woman ec
Sentric to say the least.
The blood must be in good condition
first: if it is thin, too rich or in a dis
rased state it will evince itsstatein the
complexion. Indigestion-not only the
kind which yon feel by oppressiveness
and pains, but any kind at all-will
make you regret you ate that tine, rich .
candy and the tarts which wd'e so
rood and from which you experienced
no unpleasant after-effects. But they
-' had their effect, nevertheless, and you
need not declare you can not account
for blemishes on your rose-leaf skin
id after eating pastry and sweet dainties.
he A typical day's regimen for the girl
Ivith the velvet skin is here given:
ii- Rise at 7 and after a warm
ar bath and a cold sponge and a
brisk Svweling wash the face in
ne water in which has been dropped a little
k- stincture of benzoin. At breakfast she
st eats fruits, grapes or mangoes, and as
ut much as she can, and eats oatmeal,
er eggs or meat. Brown bread takes the
ar- pIace of hot rolls, and she drinks cocoa
,, r milk instead of tea or coffee. After
i breakfast she takes a walk, a brisk,
ire long walk with loose waist and light,
Ir. warm coat and well-fitting easy shoes.
rer At lunch she drinks more milk and
fruit and brown bread, and in the af
u, ternoon, if she is a fortunate girl, she
ng takes her riding or swimming lesson.
Her dinner always includes soup, oeef,
elf vegetables and salad, and her dessert
in is more often fruit, jelly or cornstarch
el pudding rather than pie or cake. Be
1- fore going to bed she washes her face
on in hot water and soap, rubs in a little
so- cold cream and retires early.-N. Y.
eat Advertiser.
go A Hope FalHted,
n- Carrie-May used to be fond of lan
he vuages and used to say that she hoped
rs to marry some great linguist, and here
nd she has gone and married old Rocksby
in Scadds.
er- lillie--Then her hopes have been
a, fulflled. She has married money, and
it can talk in all language-s.-N. Y.
Herald.
ase I A Chreenlegilcal Ceroreeteu.
md "Good-night," he whlspei-red passion
be ately at the front door, "'ood-night.
the good-night, goodl-nipht, good-"
"Excuse me, said an elderly bass
voloe over the baluster, "but it's been
oodmmadmorni i for the last two hour. I
THE YOUNGSTER.
i sake of a Raw Seeoad Lloutemnt
Armfoe the Ildisas.
He did come out to us as a second
lieutenant--a young and beardless it
graduate from West Point-and the tr
ragged cld troopers Who had been
fighting Indians for three years smiled b
in contempt. Pity was mingled with
contempt, however. It was unjust to or
the boy to put him up against the sav- fo
age Apaches for his first trial. Evef or
some of the veteran officers of the war
had made a bad failure of it when they o0
came out to the plains.
The youngster, as the men called kc
him, had been: with us a fortnight g
when the colonel ordered him out on ri
a scout. We were to go down the valley
four miles, turn to the west and ride o0
dowry the bank of Walnut creek three se
miles and then come balt over the di
hills. One sergeant, one corporal
-twentyfi-ve troopers in all. At cc
Sthat time the chances were against 01
sighting an Indian, but tlhe- movement m
would tell their spies that we were ar
t alert and watchful. s1
In due time we reached the creek a'
t and turned in. It was lined with trees I
and bushes and offered cover to an ene- o
I my. The youngster gave no orders,how
ever, and appeared greatly surprised si
when he looked back and observed the ci
attitude of the men. They held their tl
t carbines ready for what might come c1
I and obliqued off against the hillside. p
I I think the officer was about to hurl si
some indignant protest at us when we ri
k got a volley from the bushes. Every tl
r man in that troop realized on the in
stant that we had only ten or a dozen d
redskins to deal with-every man but ii
the officer. Had we wheeled into line, o
fired a volley and charged, we should
r have driven them fran cover and '
had a good show to extermi- sI
e nate the band. The youngster 1
Swas rattled by the suddenness of the p
attack, and because two or three horses t
I went down he lost his head and ordered d
I us to push forward at a gallop, leaving a
two men who had been dismounted, a
but were unhurt, to be deliberately p
e shot down as they sought for cover.
p We had dashed forward about half a ,
;mile, when every trooper suddenly .
I pulled up and wheeled about. No one
gave the order, but all acted in con
e cert. We were too late to save our
d comrades. but the sight of their muti- t
I lated bodies brought shouts for re
a venge as we charged the thicket. We t
a got a feeble volley, and another horse t
d went down, but in ten minutes we had t
wiped out tile last warrior. Nine of
a them had puit the tweunty-five of us to
v flight.
The youngster was brought back to
n us by the sound of the firing. Ils face
e wore a look of astonishment and dis
d may us lie saw tile dead. When he was
d informed that we had made a cowardly
retreat before such a small force, and
T when a trooper held up the scalp locks
of our dead comrades and growled out
a that they had been abandoned to their
fate when a cool head would have saved
d them, the face of the young man was
white as death, and he made no reply.
ir A trooper was sent to the fort for an
d ambulance to carry in the dead, and
after beating up the bushes again we
sat down to await his return. For a
long time he sat with his face in his
hands g:,zing at the earth, and there
wasn't one of its who didn't feel sorry
for him. By and by lie called the ser
"geant over to him and asked:
'- "Sergeant, did you realize that we
were being fired on by so small a
b force?"
u"I judged them to number from nine I
P- to twelve, sir," was tile reply.
"d 'And had you been in command what
d action would you have taken?"
a- '"F'ours right.. wheel, and a volley
'e and charge. T'hat would have been
e, my way if they had numbered one h,.ln
me dred, for a dash would have driven
ig them from cover and let us in."
c- "And the order I gave was to push
forward, which was the same as re
mn treat?"
a- "So we understood. sir."
to "And you returned and attacked
ie without orders?"
as "W"Vithout orders, sir."
ill ''That will do. sergeant. The am
ýh - bulance should be here soon. You see
so about the bodies. Try and tell a plain.
ad straight story about the fight when
zy you report to the captain."
Mu \Vith that lie got up and moved up
at the hill as if surveying the country.
in and no one happened to be looking at
;s. him when he put his revolver to his
rl head and sent, a bullet into his brains.
n: He was dead before we reached him.
m Poor youngster! A courtmartial would
a have dismissed him from the service.
in Even had no charges been preferred,
e: he could not have held his head up
he among men-fighting men.
as "Say," exclaimed the sergeant, as
ii, we stood looking at the body, "he
ie made a mistake, but paid for it with
oa his life, and no man shall speak ill of
er him. Hle was a youngster, and had
k, never seen an Injun, and that's all
It, that ailed him."--N. Y. Sun.
BS. ut Not (tetting Better.
fd Mike Roonan was as honest an Irish
man as ever carried a hod. He had a
he family of nine children, who wvere al
r. ways hungry and whose shoes were al
-' ways out at the toes: so when the hard
rt times struck his ward last summer and
ch Mike found himself out a job, he felt
le- that fortune .had dealt him a pretty
Ce hluard blow. Hiowever, Mike was not
wholly disheartened, and he hustled
about to find some honest employment.
The prospect was discouraging, but
he kept boldly at it, and was at last
n. rewarded by securing a place with a
ed gang of stfeet pavers. His particular
re duty was at the stone-yard loading the
by cart with stones.
Mike had not been at work more
e, than an hour when his next-doorneigh
nd bor happened along, and stopped to.
y, give his greeting.
"The top o' the mnornin' to yez,
Moike." said the latter, grinning
broadly.
)n- "Same to yez," returned the other,
tht. "Oi see yez are worrkin', Moike."
'Yis."
ass "And how is buminess, now?"
en I "Och," grunted Mike, as he reached
SI down and tugged away at an estrat
ib largo stone, "sure, now, It's p1.igW
, - : . : -.. . .:.,. I. .. I.4: .,. ,..
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.I 7
.-Spice Sadees: oil three-fourths of I
a pint of water, one cupful of sugar,
twenty iltlutes. Take from the fire sc
and ald One teaspootiftil each of ex
tract of mnace cldoes and ginger.
-Wash for the Hairt 'Three pints of
bay-rum, one-haif pint spirits of wine, m
one-half pint of water, one-fourth P
ounce tincture of cantharides, one
fourth ounce of carbonate of ammonia, a
one-half ounce salts of tartar. Rub it is
on the head after washing with water, .
-Work-basket: A dainty work-bas- is
ket is always attractive. The one we
give, lined with silk and trimmed with e:
ribbons, and hung in a tripod of bam
boo canes, is particularly pretty. It is i
only to contain the dainty work re
served for eveniing or when some one
drops in.--Farm and Fireside. -"
-Indian Pudding: Boil till well it
cooked a mush of three pints of water a
or milk, and two teacupfuls of corn a
meal; add a teacupful of each of sugar o
and suet chopped fine, two eggs, tea- a
spoonful each of ginger and cinnamon,
and a teacupful of floured raisins. o
Bake an hour and serve a teaspoonful a
of jelly with each dish.-Ohio Farmer. Il
-To Vhiten Linen: Stains occa- u
sioned by fruit, iron, rust and similar ti
causes may be removed by applying to e
the parts injured a weak solution of a
chloride of lime, the cloth having been v
previously well washed. The parts
subjected to this operation should be li
rinsed in soft, clear, warm water and v
then dried in the sun.-Yankee Blade. g
-Ducks a la Francaise: Put two e
dozen chestnuts roasted and peeled a
into a pint of good gravy with .a sprig a
of thyme, two small onions, a few t
whole peppers and a bit of ginger. v
Take a duck, lard the breast with t
shreds of salt pork and half roast it. a
Then put it in the gravy, add half a t
pint of port wine, and let it cook about c
twenty minutes. When the duck is A
done, take it out, boil up the gravy to a
a proper consistency, skim it clear of
any fat, lay the duck in a dish and I
pour sauce over it.-Boston Budget. I
-To Preserve Eggs: Pressure of
work prevented my giving before this f
my method of preserving eggs, which I t
have used a great many years, and my '
neighbor has tried it successfully three '
or four years. Vlhen eggs are cheap I I
take them direct from the nest, and
having a tub placed in the cellar put i
them in. Have lime slaked in water to
the thickness of butter and pour over
to cover the eggs. It is much better I
f than putting in the water and lime
3 separately. I hope A Farmer's Wife
will find this recipe as profitable as
3 others have.-Detroit Free l'ress.
--Almond Nougat: Blanch a pound
of sweet almonds. and when cold cut in
small pieces. Melt over a good fire, in
a porcelain-lined vessel, one pound of
fine white sugar with two tablespoon
fuls of water, stirring with a wooden
spoon continually. When melted, add
the chopped almonds to the sirup and
stir for five minutes; take from the fire
and add a little grated lemon rind.
Place a well-oiled flat pan on the range
in a warm but not too hot place. Pour
the almonds and sugar into the mold.
When brown, remove from the fire,
turn out of the mold, cut into cubes
and wrn p in oiled paper.-Ladies' Home
Journal.
-Roast Turkey. It is best to have
the turkey killed and prepared a day
e or-two before it is to be used. Have it
a slightly salted and kept in a cool place.
When ready to cook fill it with a dress
a ing of bread .crumbs seasoned with
salt, pepper and butter. Oysters may
,t 1H added to the dressing if preferred.
Sew up the opening, place the turkey
' in a pan with a large spoon of lard and
I a little water. hIake two or two and a
i- half hours, basting frequently. Before
n it begins to brown dredge with flour.
To the gravy add pepper and salt, and
i flour enough to thicken. When ready
to take up slice into the gravy two or
three hard-boiled eggs. Serve with
cranberry sauce.-Detroit Free Press.
d -Pumpkin Pies: Select a ripe pump
kin, pare, take out seeds, cut in small
pieces. Put it in a saucepan, add a
I- teacupful of water, cover, and stew
e slowly until tender. When done, re=
i. move the cover to let the moisture dry
a out, as the dryer the pumpkin is the
sweeter. Stir often to prevent burn
P ing, and strain through a sieve. To
r. one quart of pumpkin, add one quart
ot of sweet milk, three eggs, ond-fourth
is of a teaspoonful of cinnamon, cloves
. and allspice, a very little grated nut
. mceg, and salt to taste. Sweeten to
d taste. Set the pan with the mixture
e. over hot water on the stove; when hot
I, fill deep plates and bake in a moder
p ately hot oven. Fewer eagls can be
used by adding more pumpkin to the
15 quart of milk.-N. Y. Observer.
ie
h 1Millinery Novelties.
f HIats and capotes have very wide
d strings. and they are neither fastened
.11 under the chin nor the hair, but come
down in front and make handsome
bomws, to be fastened on the already
. well-adorned bodice. MIany of the
a new felt and velvet ihats are lined with
1- light-colored satin, stretclhed plain to
1- fit the shape. A unique little bonnet
d has a ground-covering of tan kid, orna
Smented on the crown and around the
Sedge with jet and bronze-colored beads.
Two rosettes of the kid ornament the
Sfront, with small black wings extend
d tng from them. Black velvet strings
connected at the back by two black
t rosettes complete the bonnet.--N. Y.
t Post.
a . Meat Jalee.
r Uaw meat juice is prepared by mine
SIng the best rump steak very fine and.
then adding cold water in the propor
tion of one part of water to four of
tomeat. Stir the mixture thoroughly
and let it stand in a cool place half an
hour. Press through muslin or acoarse
' napkin. This process is recommended
gby a physician who gives it as the re
suit of many c.periments for obtain
ing meat juice that has the greatest
nutritive value. It is one of the foods
often found excellent for children four~
or fre years of age, who have lpot yet
Slearned the artof chewig wellenough
g* to set PrUin9as fr-oim meemswas
THE FARMING WORLD.
SPECIAL FARMING.
some Thlng Whtch the Average Ar- wi
ealtarlst Bhould Comideer. e
One of the most serious objections to an
special farming is the difficulty in sh
maintaining the fertility without either di,
purchasing foods or fertilizers. It i.a pr
well-settled fact that any system of ri
farming that does not return to the th
land in proper quantities those constit- o
nents of plant fqod that are drawn fo
from it by such system, must, in the i
tong run. be a ruinous one. co
If situated where food or fertilizers he
can be secured at a price that it will th
pay to purchase and use, special farm- 10
ing can often be made very profitable. si
But in this the conditions must be fa- fe
vorable. Soil. climate and market le
must be favorable. The natural capac- ce
ity of the soil must be considered. If
special fertilizers are used one must fe
understand the .nature of the soil and
of plant growth in order to use them to
a good advantage.
Nearly all local markets are easily
overstocked. and unless convenient to
a general market prices will usually get
low. The kind of product must deter
mine this. Some products will bear
transportation much better than oth
ers. Generally the more condensed
and the less perishable the better they
will bear transportation.
It is true that in some cases a special"
line of customers can be secured that
will consume all of the product we can
get ready for market, but this is the
exception. and one must be reasonably
sure of them before undertaking a
special line of any extent. The natural
tendency of special farming is to grad
ual exhaustion of the fertility, al
though the results may not be seen for
some time, depending somewhat upon
the condition or amount of the fertility
of the soil. But with ordinary man
agement the effect is sure to show eith- i
er early or late.
Dairy farming is often followed with r
I profit, but ordinarily this means the
purchase and use of more or less mill d
I feed. Gardening or truck farming is d
followed with profit, but this means 9
the purchase and use of more or less rma- 0
nureasa fertilizer. lioth require good a
and reasonably convenient markets
to be most profitable. General farming
admits of better opportunities for keep
ing up the fertility and of taking ad
vantage, of the markets and, under
r average conditions, of making most
profit.--Prairie 'Farmer.
THE VALUE OF MULES. ii
SThey Average Higher than hLorses in Al- C
unost lEvery State. s
IF nobility mnay he estimated in 1
dollars, the mule is a nobler animal t
n than the horse, says the New York a
, Sun. let there are no autumnal mule I
shows. and even i there were it is i
hardly probable that flower-adorned 1
Syoung women would make a practice c
of patting the prize animal. The only t
way to pat a mule. according to the 1
[. Texas code. is with a fence rail or a t
board. The man who collected horse
and mule statistics for the cen
sus report shows that the av- 1
erage price of a mule is $7 more than
the average price of a horse. The or
dinary mule in South Carolina, which a
owns about 55,000 of the long-eared t
beasts, is worth about $o0; the average F
price of a horse in the same state is t
about $79. Texas probably has more
mules (about "100.000) than any other
state. The average price is about $41, a
or nearly twice the value of a Texas t
horse. In Missouri mules are worth
about ST more and in Kentucky about
$3 more than horses. Only a few states I
dbhave no mules or so few that the sta
tistician didn't malce a note of them.
One of these states is Rhode Island,
r which the mule driver of Texas doubt- 1
d less would think is not any too large
a pasturage and playground for a fes
y tive mule of southern birth. Oregon
is the only state where horses bring
higher prices than mules. The or
dinary mule out there is worth $40 andl
" the horse 1l. The figures for Cali
1 fornia are: Mules, $67: horses. $41. In
! Pennsylvania, where mutles, famous for
wv longevity, are much used in the mines.
e they bring about $86; horses, $67. In
,y this state there are seventy times
ee as many horses as there are mules,
n which number about 14,000. A New
1i York mule is Worth $01 and a horse
t $76. Mules are prized more in New
lta Jersey than in any other state, the av
es erage price being about $100, or $90
it- more than horses. Illinois has about
to 140,000 mules, or more than ary other
e western state.
at
r- SIMPLE SNOWPLOW.
It Does Its Work am will as a More
. Costly Imaplement.
Winter-is at hand, and snowstormns
may soon be upon us. A. T. L., West
ville, 0., sends to the Ohio Farmer a
e sketch of a snowplow he has used for
d ten years or more. It is shown in the
e cut, and is made of six-inch fencing
e lumber, 2i feet long, sawed beveling,
La.
sxowtLow.
nailed together, and held in place by a
strip nailed on. eight inches from the
front. .With this, one can c"Iear - as
e- much path in five minutes, witih a
d. horse, as he could in. af" hour with a
r- shovel A heavy weight must be used
ot on this sled when aowIis'ee .
,. Lan for Igg !heal.
n All i 'dstmiitgii lime,, but. it Is more
_ abundantin lsome than in others; The
- best.way-o eed limm.A the hens is to
Sgiye. them .grVounitdobes o ..-henae in any
t form. Leis n e ~als atmaen, t in clover,!
. and if clover is a portion df the ratida
_r the hens will secure all the lime frotl
Sthat source and from bones that they
Seed. Orain contains very little li.mh
Sand whenl the. hnea lay elts with
Y w I4f.n
A NEWRASKA IDEA. '"
see w Liimber Poatdery U.
The poultry house iUsratt~d. Wit:.
with is exceedingly practical sad -
venient. It is sa.fet long- by 24t
and can be made of sod or Idals
shown in the ground plan the spacei .5
divided into four manl parts T 'ie: -
principal, room occupies the entire
right side of the building as ajowa in.
the Rround plan in which F SP are
roosts 14 feet long: B, a box 5x5 'feet
for straw 'in which to throw graint it
winter to induce exercise, and U.. a
coop 4xJ eet for shutting up st4&e L.
hens. lthe left hand upper corner of
the ground plan is the laying-room
10x13 feet with nests all about the
sides. Just below it is the .room -76x 1$- ",
feet for setting hens, while in the lower - -
left hand corner is a room 101~2 feet for
chickens. I, is a boi in which to put .
lime and oyster shells. L, L,, L, are
feed boxes and troughs; U, U, recepta
5
D C
IOU LTRY IHIOUSE.
cles for green feed; M, M. Ml, are drink
ing vessels; A, A, are nests 18 inches
square. WVindows and doors can be ar
ranged as shown in the illustration or
to suit the tastes of the builder. There
is a partition in the room for chickens.
divided into two parts, one for those
quite small and the other for larger
ones. A lath door between this room
and the main room allows the little
chickens to pass back and firth.
Orange Judd Farmer.
CHICKEN BEHEADER.
A Yankee C;enlu Invents a Gtuilotine feo
the Barnyard.
A device for severing the head from
the body of a chicken by simply pull
ing a trigger, without torturing the
chicken or trying the nerves, of the
sensitive, has been patented. The
barrel of the implem ent, says the Scien
I tific American, incases a mainspring.
and at its rear end is clamped by a
E breach block having upwardly extend
s ing flanges, forming guides for the
:l knife, the flanges being recessed in the
center to afford space for placing the
y neck of the chicken, and the beheading
knife sliding across this space between
the flanges.
e The knife is inclined, and its lower
end slides in a slot to the top of the .
barrel, where it is secured to a sliding
Splunger, to which one end of the main
spring is attached, the other end of the
h spring being secured to the barrel. Idi
I the front end of the barrel is a cushion.
e against which the extended shank of
the plunger strikes, absorbing shock
e and limiting the forward movement of
the plunger and knife. The plunger
and knife are pulled back against the
s tension of the spring by handles on the
h sides of the plunger, the handles pro-.
t jecting through side slots in the breech -
block and barrel.
A notch in the bottom of the plunger
receives a pawl on the front end of the
curved trigger, by which the knife and
plunger are held in a rearmost posi
tion when the device is to be used. A
depending hook or flange on the front
n end of the barrel may be hooked upon
g some object to facilitate pulling back
the plunger. or to steady the implement
1 when it is used. When the neck of the
- chicken is placed in the space provided
n therefor, and the trigger is pulled, the
r plunger is instantly released and the
. knife drawn rapidly forward, the cut
a being effected with certainty, neatness
' and dispatch.
AMONG THE POULTRY.
w OATS are excellent for laying hens.
'- STE:AMED rice is good for young chicks.
30 Gosm.lnes grow more rapidly than any
it other kind of bird.
,r Eon eating is apt to be developed by
too close confinement.
IT is necessary to feed meat in some
form during the winter.
re THE Black :Minorca lays the largelit
egg among Spanish fowls.
PC:DDi.ES are not the proper sources of
water supply for chickens.
r . SUoAc beets, carrots and turnips are.
e goodwinter food for poultry.
g IF turkeys are carefully managed.
g, they are profitable on any farm.
COCHINs mated with gameor brown
Leghorn cocks make good crs
THE white flesh ofth LanBhgaan s
makes th'em a desirable table fowL
lniOEa T combs are a sure indication of.
good health and'freedom from diseae '
THE water given poultry dturing t,
winter should have the chill takenp .
TASTE chickens will lay more eg.
and take on flesh faster than half
CHICKeSS cannot becrowded gblm
a in large numbers without hreedla 1 lm:
he ease. •
SYoOR chicks ate growing rdl
a and should not be crowded in
a quarters"
d uDoare es are valuable for
other breeds where ompatC g
form is desired.
. WanH hens are'moulting
he lation of feathers should be
to at least once a week.
my oee foods are those w
mr, limo for the shell s1bpmelf
a and carbon for the yol.
Saes a~ -l~ uv~r
mt~ 1-~rinsOus.